Twilight Zone Marathon & a bowl . What an uplifting way , for the New Year to roll in . 

I will never , ever , ever , ever , EVER ... do any favor that I have to wait any woman to get it started . On a side note , best friends are overrated ! 
Can someone please tell me how to continue bein ' a stand up person , while dealin with the b.s. they give you when they think they're gettin over ? 
I think I just fell in love with ... Mafia Wars 
Oh dammit , it actually hurts to think . Last time I will brain my damage . 
Just came back from ER . Found out I had strep throat . They gave two shots : One in the arm , the other in my right butt cheek . Needless to say I\m not sittin ' comfortablly . " 
is no longer livin ' in a world of shit . 
Just recently seen the original ( and to me the only that matters ) Transformers : The Movie , and honestly that shit really was < PROPFEMALE > studded . Don't believe me , wacth it and check the credits . I dare you . 
Flyin like paper , hopefully not droppin into the Hudson . 
It's Friday , and I'm about proceed in wearing myself out with a weekend of complete stupidity and retardation ... Do I even have to say that nothing good will come out of this ? 
is gettin ' up , ' cuz it's nice outside . 
It's a new day . Tonight I start a new job , best of all 100% NO CUTOMER INTERACTION !!!! Life is guuud . 
One week in the books , an ' the only downside is it's fuckin ' freezin ' all nite ! 
Truly believes he's God's favorite . 
Workin ' the overnite shift is the shit . And best of all , you don't need to shave at all . 
Why is it if ya goto < PROPMALE > E Cheese ya end wit 2 tokens an a stray ticket ? 
wants 2 take the time 2 say , have a safe and enjoyable Labor Day weekend ... 
is jus luvin ' himself sum ny red haired kush and cheezteaks . 
was digging in the crates tha other day , I found my 8th grade autograph book . Talk about bringing back awkward , touching and not mention slightly uncomorftable emotions . I think I might start posting some of the funny ones . 
Is there anything better than being off , enjoying your favorite team do the near impossible , and after that doing not a goddamn thing ??? If there is holla at me . 
This is it ( What ?! ) Luchini pourin ' from the sky Lets get < PROPMALE > ( What ?! ) The cheeky vines The sugar dimes Cant quit ( What ?! ) Now pop the cork and steam the vega And get lit ( What ?! What ?! What ?! ) 
I got a thrre day weekend ... And I just so happen to be sick . Isn't my luck just fan-fuckin-tastic ?! 
sez < PROPFEMALE > all just figments of my imagination ... 
Ya kno I'm startin to realize dat da more I try to do da right thing , da more I get < PROPFIRST > shit in return . I wonder if I act an ' treat everyone like a < PROPMALE > , if my fortunes will turn fo ' da better ??? 
is startin to think that the instructors at our city's police acadamy , teach cadets that common sense is a completly useless concept . That and regardless of whatever horrible acts they commit , it's ok . We'll just move you to a desk job and away from the public at large . 
After 5+ plus hours an high drama ... THE YANKEES WIN ! TTTHHHHEEEEE YANKEES WIN !!! 
is caught in the middle of choosin between tonight's game 6 . Or attendin my Goddaughter's third birthday party @ ChuckE . Cheese ... Pleez let there be a rain delayed start ... 
Well I guess due to the shitty weather , I don't haveta worry about the game , or the party , ' cuz have been canceled ... Oh well , off togo the pub crawlin ' . 
Well , four more wins to #27 . 
Game 1 start inna few , but I'm goin ' to werk an bein forced to listen to Mr. Pompuos Ass #1 A.K.A. < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . 
Looks like I'ma boycott cheezsteaks until dis series is ova ... 
Is tired and goin to sleep ... 
Eating secret nuggets and realizin ' there's nothin ' to drink ' round me .... 
Nine years and we got our biorthright back . Thank you , Godzilla !! See ya'll at da parade tomorrow . 
With the holidays coming I think it's time for to get preped for all bullshit that happens at the free for all that famliy gatherings . 
I'll answer da phone fo ' now on , < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
begins to realize that the more I live my life in reverse , breakfast should really be considered as the last meal of the day . 
Remember , chicken n ' waffles is a anytime of the day meal . In fact , I can go for a short stack and breast now ! 
Is it just me , but i find it much easier to wake up in the afternoon than in the morning for work . That's right , I'm 100% pure night breed ya'll! 
As a huge sports fan ( and that's putting it lightly ) , I'm extremly pissed off ' bout the blatant missed call in the Ireland vs . Fracne game . I mean to allow what happen truly is supporting not only cheating , but basically makes me lose faith in any form of competition . 
Is getting the tupperware ready . Fasting for the day of stuffing myself , and watching th Raiders get smoked by < PROPFIRST > ... 
I think beer had too much of me . That and < PROPMALE > n cheese fer breakfast .... Really guud look . 
On sum real shit FB is fuckin with me . I get notified that I got new friends , but the count stays the same . WTF is goin on here ?!? 
Another Friday morning and I won't go to sleep till around 3:45 Satuday afternoon . 
Is wondering if you spend your day watching people snap limbs left and right , will it happen to a family member ? 
Early Holiday wishes to all of ya'll . Big up to the 35ers out there , can't wait for summer ' 10 . Also coming soon : \The Misadventures of Wake ' n Bake\ " . More details in January . " 
Is so not in the Christmas spirit rite now ... WHAT I wouldn't give for the Giaants to win out . 
I think I mighty be slurrin my werds rite now So I'ma keep it real simple b4 sumone fuks me up : Happy Holidaze muthafukahs !!! 
One week into da year , an ' I'm already wondering wut da fuck is guud . 
For thoesse of ya'll who don't understand what da fuck the comment box on the left means , or how the fuck said it . Please , go try to rfigure it out . Or , at the very least , tell me who I stole the verse from ... 
Now I remember why I don't drink Bacardi anymore , it leads me into bad ( yet very funny ) shounting matches . Not to mention , smacking myself in the face with doors . 
Another week in , another part of my soul , chipped by living ass backwards and workin ' for assholes . 
is already enjoying his lazy Sunday . 
i'm soooo luv playin ' Pole Dance Hero . 
So outta sync with the world at large . I think it might have do with the fact workin ' nigts have me livin ' 12 hours ahead of everyone else . 
I'ma say dis right now I really am not feelin ' da new facebook layout . Now a few things that have bothered me from the week dat was : Hershrel < PROPMALE>'s a 47 year old mannimal . Skip Bayless really doesn't know shit . I'm gonna miss my first wire to wire veiwin of the dream Super Bowl for a person like me , because I gotta go to work . And to top it all off , I've been up since 5pm Thursday and I'm still goin ' strong . 
Just wondering out loud , but does anyone need a burnt-out lanky southpaw to humiliate and belittle ? Only serious offers please . 
People wutevever ya do , do fukin ' not fall fer dis < PROPFIRST>'s Dy shit . 
Here's to the greatest man-created perfect pairin : meat and cheese . 
Is feelin like he lost his best friend . 
like usual , the knicks find a way to fuck themselves over in their futile quest or the < PROPMALE > . here to nate gettin a taste of ball in the spring . 
slowly but surely spring is coming ... only the bi-polar month known as march , stands in the way . 
For the foreseeable future , I'ma go grow me a Bin Laden beard . I gotta feelin ' I'ma look like one of < PROPFIRST > Tosh's love children from his ' 82 US tour , all grown up . 
Real talk if you ain't anything mportant to do , DO NOT GO THE FUCK OUTSIDE TODAY !!! You're better off . 
Lazy Sunday .... To hell with dem , I gotta go to work tonight . 
Well it's March ppl , let's hope spring's coming .... 
Sick like a dog . Had to call out 2nite . 
Observe & Report is on Cinemax on Demand . If you've haven't seen it yet , see it . Unless you're a ultra conservitve or have no sense of humor , 
20 later , RIP < PROPMALE > Gathers ... Best player never to make the L . 
Why go I wake up before 12 almost every weekend ? 
is out here , serving hot plates of justice . 
ABC can't be serious about talkin to Artest's barber ?! 
While you guys get to start a new day , I'ma end mine . Hope ya'll enjoy the early spring tease . 
New < PROPFEMALE > store . My lil ' guilty pleasure . 
Yeah , so what that it's a rainy day . I can always go \bowling \"." 
I'm starting to believe McDonald's has put something in their McGriddles ... I can't go past one , without getting at least two . 
is soooo not feeling lt ... 
has the urge for green beer ... 
My doctor said I need a backeatomy . 
Thought of you with love today , but that is nothing new . I thought about you yesterday , and days before that , too . I think of you in silence , I often speak your name . All I have are memories and a picture in a frame . Your memory is a keepsake , with which I'll never part . God has you in His keeping , I have you in my heart . Repost if you have a loved one in Heaven ... 
Money , Clothes , Designer Ho's , and Shows ya'll 
Why the fuck would I want to blow up the Chik-fil-A ?! 
is going ... 
Why the fuk FB trying to make me make friends with sumone who has too many friends ??? WTF is that about ? 
I soooo don't wanna go to work . It's too nice out . 
i gotta say this , there nothing like waking up to a Sunday in Brooklyn ... 
Today's the day to raise banner #27 , and one for the thumbs of the Captain and Mo . Go Yankees ! 
Arrrrggghhh !!!! 
Happy 420 , ya'll! Light ' em up , if you got ' em ... 
All i really want is some sleep . 
I'm free , so holla at me ... 
is really tired of the whole AM rush hour . 
Goodbye JaMarcus < PROPFIRST > ! Please hand in your NFL career . 
should be nominated for Godfather of the Year ! 
YOU ARE AWESOME . GO AND PROVE IT . 
is need of a new job . I just wasted an hour of my time by being stuck in a staff meeting done completely in spanish ... I just had to work the night shift . 
EAT RAW MEAT . PUNCH A BEAR IN THE FACE . 
Real talk , ppl panhandling on the subway need to step they stories up . There's one on the 4 , 5 , 6 line , who ask for help for herself and her 2 gurls , and one on the way . Now , I ain't the smartest dude in the world , but if you were 5 months along in say , last August , November , and May ... You are full of shit . And don't break into gospel hymns , thinking that's going to help . 
DONT PROMISE . THREATEN . 
Wow it's been a while since I've been on , so leeme start by saying thanx for all the bday love . Also happy belateds to my cuzes Kimora and Moe . Recently shit's been reeeaaalll hectic so I'll pop up whenever I can . Be easy this suumer yall . 
Oh look there's a rape machine , I'd go outside if look the other way . \ 
You wouldn't believe the things they do ... 
DONT START FIGHTS . FINISH THEM . 
Well people , I've spent the last few weeks fighting my personal demons . I'm losing the fight . I'm going to use this time to thank the people who have tried their best to distract me from dealing with this inner 
Hello World ! As many of ya'll had seen , I was on the edge of no return ... And was . Anyway here's wtf it is : I just finished spending the the last 6 weeks in the psych < PROPMALE > at Bellvue .... Yeah . I found out I suffer from Bi-Polar disorder . I used to joke about that shit before , but it really ain't funny , but embrace the challenge that comes with it . 
Shit man , lose at least a month , and everything seems a lil ' bit different . I'm almost caught up , so where fuck is my homegurl < PROPFIRST > at ? 
Yesterday , I was on the 6 and this guy from DC asked for directions . He playing tour guide for these two others , and none of them knew shit about how to read the subway map . Anyway I come to found out his friends were from Iraq ! Great I might have aided in some terrorist actvities ... 
You know I thought it would be pretty easy getting over that I can't drink anymore . So far it is but , if it wasn't for the meds and the fear that I might end up wearing a road cone and spitting Gza verses . I wouldn't give it a second thought . 
luvs his hash bowl 
is planning on going to a Turkish prison ... 
is in love with NFL Redzone ! 
After seven long suffering years , the Raiders take down the those powder blue asshats called the Chargers ! I think Hell might have frozen over ... 
I don't know how to say this , but I just got pic from < PROPFIRST > favre and his lil ' Viking ... I don't think this gonna be a good day . 
It's really not a good thing when I'm in the role of \Voice of Reason \"." 
here's to a to what was a great football weekend . Tonite looks like a gr8 clash of killaman . 
and my preseason nominee for biggest dumbass goes to < PROPMALE > Areans , for switching his # to 9 . 
Checking out this Doc on ESPN bout Vlade Divac and hiis Euro squad from the 80's . 
Is there anything better than bacon on a Saturday morning ? 
I'm trying to get over that < PROPMALE > lost last nite ... 
wtf my raiders are doing it big in < PROPMALE > 
the raiders & run dmc went in . i think the apocolypse is upon upon us 
I Am < PROPFIRST > is a real fukd up flik . I kinda wanna cry . 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > jones with blue eyes n death metal hair ??? 
HEY BOARD OF ELECTIONS WHERE THE FUCK IS MY CHECK !? 
is leaning towards hitting up the Halloween parade this year ... 
If it bleeds , we can kill it ... Words to live by . 
I'm hungry and I want something the complete opposite of healthy . Something soaking in its own greese , and coated in cheese .... 
Black Ops has turned me out . ( disappears in a cloud of smoke ) 
is about to cop some batteries to get my deathmath on later . ( I ain't ready to get aired out online yet ) . 
Big up to < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ; not only did you fuck up Eastern Confrence Ball for decades , but now you're trying to protcet your < PROPFEMALE > n Magic legacy by forcing LeBron to be a chump ... 
is WTF -- This weekend seems like NY sports teams aint shit . As of now I rep the Warriors n Raiders-wait I been on dat mode-fuk it 
is IDK why but I saw this coming . Fucking trap game ! smh 
is Bitty , bitty , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > 
is 2 things why have i been breakin out like im 16 ? And y is < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > n < PROPFIRST > keech playin gay lovers ? 
< PROPFIRST > Giggs < PROPFIRST > Giggs \ 
Flying down the wing\ 
He can do anything ... 
( In monster truck rally voice ... ) SUNDAY ! SUNDAY ! SUNDAY ! 
Nooooo ! 
It just ain't Thanksgiving without < PROPFIRST > Madden and his muntant bird . smh . 
Come on Lions ! put ya'll foot down the Pats throats ! 
is Jacoby Ford is the reason fast don't lie 
is RIP < PROPFIRST > DREBEN 
is OH SHIT !!! THE FIRST NINJA TURTLES MOVIE'S ON DEMAND ! I feel like a 8 y/o again ... 
is thinking should he try to marry his FIOS box ? And if so is registering at Best Buy ... 
is having a real fanboy moment . It's good to know the phrase '' 1 shall stand 1 shall fall '' , will not die . 
is Hit wit da book/I was hit wit da book 
is Wow so much 4 the Chargers being unbeatable in December . 
Is too late to take back my massive Knicks bashing ? 
STAT ! 
Why is there a Japanese chior lip-syncing to \O Happy Day\ " from Sister Act 2 ? " 
Well five days in and finally I speak . Well let's see : My Raiders are the unofficial division champs ... No playoff for them or the Giants , or as I will now call them ; the New York Bundys . Anyway , I think this winter will lead to the Knicks and St. < PROPFIRST>'s to playing in the sping together for first time dor a very , fucking long time ! Also for until further notice , I'm letting my fanboy flag < PROPFEMALE > out . 
< PROPMALE > is gonna be sucking the Mrs. toes tonight ... 
21 Jump Street on Hulu . Getting my < PROPFEMALE > Robinson fix on . 
is is in full trekie mode cuz there's a < PROPFEMALE > Trek movie marathon on all day 
Seeing that I ' m stuck with having to choose the lesser of two evil , and since I wanna see Bellichick get what deserves ( a hail stone the size of a coconut dropping on his would be nice ) . So here's to < PROPMALE > and his goons getting some payback ! 
So the Raiders got themselves a new HC . Great ! But WTF happened to < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ? He looks like he's audtioning to be the next Grim Reaper ... 
\My style is impetuous ; My defense is impregnable ; and I'm just ferocious ; I want your heart ; I wanna eat his children ; Praise be to Allah ! \"" 
is starting to wonder if Cutler is < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > 
is is not feeling jet mainia 
is on his Dr. Who shit 
is is wondering if the NFL is happy with a serial rapist in the Super Bowl 
is currently under reconstrution . Expected completion date : TBD 
is not amused with 2ft of snow 
is is starting 2 believe 2 1/2 Men is more fact than fiction ... 
Toasted and checking out the exploits of Captain Picard . 
Côte d'Ivoire , Tunisia and now Egypt . If any of ya'll took any time out from watching all the distractions , we mistake for entertainment you'd realize that Africa's on fire . remember to look around you . this isn't really anything new , this past World Cup in South Africa swept the xenophobic hysteria into the background for a month or so . Get ready , the struggle is about to real fucking serious ... 
is having a wide right flashback -- wtf fuck u < PROPMALE > ! 
I'm late with both these , but Happy belated to < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ... And my man C . Woodson finally sealing up his HoF res . 
Going to hit the ground running tomorrow . -Oh wow , You know a nigga getting old when they showing Bad Boys on AMC ... 
If the LA's the road team , why the fuck are Knicks not rocking retro white ? 
WTF happened to IFC ?! Since when do they show commercials ? Fucks the whole flow up the movies .... smhfh 
Don't get gassed about the weather ... 
< PROPFEMALE > vs CAPOM 3 ! 
MvC3 is quickly making me unwanted in my ppl's crib . All I need is Cap , Iron Man and my girl < PROPFIRST > Grey ... Lay down or be put down ! 
Yup still playing MvC3 .... Actually took some L's ... Only after runs of 7 wins or better . ( Sinister laugh and shit eating grin ) 
I think I had job job interview last night and didn't even realize it until almost the end .... 
Like slaves on the boat talkin bout who got the flyest chain .... 
You see the profile shot ... I'm taking on all comers ... Beastly you ain't shit ! JK , you can keep ducking and running ... And Fru , you the thing to comp I get ... in other words , to quote a great Brooklynite : \Beat me if you can ! Survive if I let you ! \"" 
He put his fuckin ' elbow !?!?!? 
A choir , a car , wtf and Baron's in the car ?!?!!?!? 
Yeah , Video Music Box still comes on . And I still watch .... 
On the up n up I thought this year All < PROPFEMALE > Game was gonna be weak ... I ain't mad I was wrong on that . 
< PROPMALE > The < PROPFEMALE > on MSG . 
is no longer gonna go and bash my local basketball team . The Nets don't count . 
I'm gonna keep my word bout wut I said earlier , so no Knick hating . But losing to the Cavs not once but twice ...? 26 games to go and MIA on Sunday . I say they go 17-11 for this push they make . 
I want my fucking start date ! Then again , these are the last days of unpaid slacking off . I might as well enjoy them . 
I miss Cheezsteak weekends ... 
Well I'm bout to turn over . 
Guatemala , Honduras , Poland\ 
A hundred years war\ 
T.V. rerun invasion\ 
Death squad , Salvador\ 
Afghanistan , Meditation\ 
Old Chinese flu\ 
Kick junk , what else can a poor worker do ? 
I really don't know what it is , but I feel completely inspired right now . Now if I can only figure out why and what to do about it . 
I've just been informed that I'm to attend another clandestined meeting tomorrow ... World Domination is the main topic . 
I just realized for the first time years , I haven't paid attention to the fact that Spring Training is going on . 
FB , you can call the kid < PROPMALE > , but I won't be dropping fries at McDonald's! 
DaHjaj ' oH QaQ jaj Daq Hegh ! 
\He's Captain < PROPMALE > and that's pretty bitchin ' . Dude killed Brando . Come on . \ " - < PROPFIRST > \ " WINNING\ " Sheen . " 
ARRRRGGGGHHHH !!!!! 
Dealing with Fools and Trolls . 
is just amazed that 14 years later still no killers . But hey we got years worth of cookie cutter hip-pop . Suckah Muthahfuckah ! 
I'm still up . Fuck it , at least Predator's on ... 
I feel a lil bit late but , 1st I find out Snoop is trying to make The Wire into reality TV . then I hear Nate Dogg's dead ... Fuck ! 
FUCK ! Right now is one of those rare moments , that I truly just want to grab a bat and find a skull ASAP . It feels this ain't gonna be the weekend to even joke with me . I just wanna take somefuckinbody's head off , and not clean . I wanna make a mess . FUCK ! 
