anyone looking to get hold of me just let me know and i'll give u a phone that i will be at . ( or e-mail me ) 

is going crazy getting ready for college 
has all the paper work done for college now waiting to see what i need for classes . 
is realy hurtin from work 
is bumbing that i only have week left before school but also can't wait 
is bumming * that i only have a week left before school , but i also can't wait ! 
just got a laptop so i'm almost ready for school 
can't wait till monday !! 
in apilachin for the day 
moved in yessss ! 
havin a blast at school 
got , tv , food and comp . i'm good until classes start . 
job fair then idk 
yes i don't have class tomarow 
floor meeting back later 
having fun at tc3 . 
chillin out havin fun 
chillin 
is having a great time , but still missin home . who knows ? 
is watching caddyshack ! 
is having a hard time trying to go to sleep in the past week and still is . 
economics ... then who knows ? 
lovin college . hope everyone doesn't miss me back home , cuz i'm only goin to be home for a little bit this weekend . 
goin to grt dinner then dongeball 
i'm never doing 3 hours of dodgeball . or at least not until next week . 
is back at school 
is sick and is hating it . 
\The body says what words cannot . \ " - < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > " 
if any one has skype , hit me up at cedwardstc3 
if anyonehas skype let e know 
\in the land of the blind the one-eyed man is the king \"" 
i have 198 water balloons at my disposal . muuuwahahaha . 
got a jot interview at 5 . 
I got to my interview early like everyone tells u to , and 5 < PROPFEMALE > latter i'm washing dish's . no interview at all , and i put on a nice shirt . but it worked out in the end i got the job . ( with complements from the owner ) 
is so tired . 
i have no food and i haven't eaten in 24 hours . i'm hoping that my mom put money in my account so i can eat before work . 
is so tired again . 
is done for the day and it's my day off . so just kickin back in the dorm . > ) 
work at 5- ? 
is done with work earlier than expected 
is done with work , but have to go in at 6pm tomarrow 
not feeling so good some i'm going to get some rest before work . 
work ugg . 
is so tight right now cuz i lost my keys . 
found my keys 
had a great time at work today . 
needs to to stop staying up late . 
is enjoying his day off from school and work . 
class ugg . 
work then idk maybe some COD 
i'm so mad and i don't even know why . 
done with work ! yes !! 
work then maybe out to cortland 
can't get to sleep 
THE FACEBOOK TRICK : press up , up , down , down , left , right , left , right , B , A , Enter key , then right click then press up and down and magic crcles will appear . the only way to get rid of them are to log off or refresh the page ... IT WILL WORK ! put this as your status if it works ! 
work then idk 
back at home visiting with grandparents , then back to cortland on friday for work . :( 
home for the night then back to cortland so i can get to work 
on the bus heading back to cortland , work at 6 , then idk 
nothing to do 
. \some of the greatest victories are celebrated in silence . \"" 
work then maybe out to cortland to < PROPFEMALE > out with some friends for once . 
can't find it in him to fall asleep at 5:28 in the morning . 
it seems that everyone is joining me in the single life . \table for one please \"" 
goin to play in the SNOW !! 
sleding in the snow was amazing last night at 3:00 in the morning 
is losing his mind 
new hair cut thanks to my boy from the city Dushon 
is not feeling so good , but ready to go home . 
is ready to go home 
Anyone looking for something to do tonight ? From 6:30 to 8:30 West Windsor Baptist Church is having His Story , a multi-scene nativity . Its pretty cool , live camels and donkeys , plus cookies and hot chocolate afterward . Dress warm , part is inside and part is outside . 
is back in town 
is goin to Mr. Woodruffs to help out with wood . 
i have a question to ask all of u facebookers out their . is there any one that can honestly say that they hate me , and if there is please explain . if not then please explain . 
has nothing to do . any ideas ? 
is finding out new things on Skype 
mom went to the mall , so i'm on my way to wait at the house so i can surprise her . if i don't get on tomarrow then < PROPFEMALE > CHRISTmas ! 
ATTENTION - READ THIS AND THEN RE-COPY IT TO YOUR OWN STATUS TO GET THE WORD OUT : If you get a notification that says a friend reported you to Facebook for being offensive or in violation of terms of service , do NOT click it . It's a virus . Please post this on your own site for your friends 
someone help me get away from this bored-um 
someone tell me theirs something going on tonight ! 
there are only 10 types of people in the world . those that know binary code , and those that don't . 
freshman 15 is a lie , i lost 20 lbs 
sold my first set ! 
CTRL ALT & ( up ) 
having a good day 
is stressed cuz no one is home 
in my dorm wondering what to do 
Describe me , in one word , using the THIRD letter of YOUR FIRST name . This can be a bit fun or a little scary ! After you respond , Paste this on your status and see how people describe you 
1 more class then i'm done . 
tell me how i got woke up at 7:30 in the morning 
a person becomes an adult 3 years after they think they are , and 5 years before their parents think they are . 
is so confused right now :/ 
everything is staiten out now 
everything is straightened out now 
stands around looking back at high school , and see's nothing but school work . Spine is no more , now it's time for people to know that < PROPFIRST > Edwards is here . 
has capps 111 then , idk probly some long needed sleep 
can't sleep , and i need it 
bio at 9 , math at 11 , engl at 1 , and work at 6 . 
is just chillin , and thinking if he should participate in the biggest loser contest at school ? 
is not having a good day , i over slept for two of my classes and i'm not ready for the third 
is in class 
is and tired of people thinking that just because i'm BIG , it means that i can fight . it has gone to far this time , and i need to learn how . 
is sick and tired of people thinking that just because i'm BIG , it means that i can fight . it has gone to far this time , and i need to learn how . 
is off to work 
is off to work . :p 
is sick 
is using windows 7 
is going home sick 
is feeling so much better 
needs to get rid of this congestion soon so he can go back to school 
is ready to go back to school , and feels 100% better . 
NO CLASS !! 
i'm soooo bored !! 
is going to bed cuz their is nothing to do , and no one is here 
is sooo bored again , and is dreding to go to work cuz i don't want to 
is off to work uhg 
hates long weekends cuz their is no one here 
is ay ok 
Click \like\ " if I have ever made you smile : ) ... put this as your status and see how many likes you get !! " 
life gives us brief moments with another ... but sometimes in those brief moments we get memories that last a life time .. 
\Yesterday is a cancelled check . tomorrow is a promissory note . Today is cash . Use it ! \"" 
is going to play some ball till ? 
The answer is : YES ! 
ok i guess i'm putting up this status cuz < PROPFIRST > Spruill is hot for edger sosa 
RIP < PROPFIRST > 
is home and needs to get to sleep , cuz i have to get up at 6am 
is being bored out of my mind 
just went 22 and 4 on COD with just the . 44 
< PROPMALE > colbert is awsome 
People need to understand that special needs children don't have an illness . They are not looking for a cure , only acceptance . 93% of you probably won't copy and paste this . Will you be in the 7% that will and leave it on your status for at least an hour ? Special Education week March 22nd to the 26th . Go on , copy and paste , please 
is making breakfast 
is bored 
at school just wanting to go to sleep 
How many of you personally know all the people on your friends list ... Well , heres a task for you ... I want everyone on my friends list to comment on this status stating how we met , I mean our first encounter ever , Then repost this as your own status and see what kind of results you get . Ill bet youll be amazed 
enjoying the amazing day 
had an amazing time lastnight 
is going to hid him self so he can get some work before class . 
is done hiding , and is now bored 
why does nothing go right when i want it to ? 
Copy this into your status and see what people rate you . 1 . Crazy , 2 . I'd marry you , 3 . talkative , 4 . sarcastic , 5 . Loveable , 6 . Moody , 7 . Dumb , 8 . Spoiled , 9 . Mouthy , 10 . Random , 11 . Hot , 12 . Funny , 13 . woo woo ;) , 14 . Amazing , 15 . Beautiful , 16 . Cute , 17 . Generous , 18 . Smart < PROPMALE > 
can some one tell me why i can't wake up for anything , my alarm clock doesn't wake me up or a phone call with my phone right next to me with the ringer on high 
i haven't < PROPFIRST > hymns in a while , but it was nice 
i soooo bord of math class right now , i wish i can just leave 
there is absolutely nothing to do 
is doing some laundry 
is chilling 
Does a 10 lb bag of flour make a really big biscuit ? 
out at paint ball , won't be back till latter 
out paint-balling , be back latter . 
paint-ball was amazing , not just relaxing . ( maybe eating sudses ) 
awkwardness follows me everywhere i go now , can't wait to go home for summer 
goin to get some subway , then work 
in my dorm by myself cuz everyone ditched me 
paint-ball again 
i do stupid things some times . i have no common sense 
packing , then home 
HOME YES 
Chillin , hit me up 
is gonna try to find a job tomorrow 
is soooo bored . 
can't think of anything 
is at CORE group 
is bored . any ideas ? 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Barrows i found out how to tag ppl , a month to late tho 
is goin campin 
is home and has sunburn on my neck and face 
havin fun with fireworks 
playin cod 
when i say hilshar , you say farm . HILSAR !... 
is going up to dryden for a little while 
back home , all set for the fall except my housing contract 
went out with my sister driving , idk if i'm ready for that again 
anyone need some odd jobs done arond the house , cuz i am bored and need some money 
lets \do it \"" 
GOT THE JOB !!!! Subway , Eat Fresh ! 
official interview in the morning , then who knows . 
i start workin Wednesday 
if ur brave copy this into ur status and see what people rate you : ( 1 ) crazy ( 2 ) I'd marry you ( 3 ) talkative ( 4 ) sarcastic ( 5 ) loveable ( 6 ) clubhead ( 7 ) moody ( 8 ) dumb ( 9 ) spoiled ( 10 ) mouthy ( 11 ) random ( 12 ) hot ( 13)funny ( 14 ) fit ( 15 ) amazing ( 16 ) beautiful ( 17 ) cute ( 18 ) rude ( 19 ) simple ( 20 ) cool :) 
one more day of boredom , the i start work finally ! 
one more day of boredom , then i start work finally ! 
swimmin , hit me up if ur bored 
all the crazy s*it i did tonight , those will be the best memories . \ 
i just want to let it go for the night , that will be the best therapy for me . 
all the crazy s*it i did tonight , \ 
those will be the best memories . \ 
i just want to let it go for the night , \ 
that will be the best therapy for me . 
work was ok , don't have to work again till Saturday 
is bored , any have any ideas 
work from 5-9 
anyone interested in riding up to Syracuse airport with me tomorrow night , i need some company to keep me awake . 
work from 4-8 , then up to Syracuse 
chillin , waiting to go to work 
bored , hit me up 
working from 4-9 
i'm actually sore from work 
is pretty tired 
got called in to work , but it's more hours for me so it's good 
is sore from work , again . 
work from 3-9 
done with work , and now to go swimming 
93 degrees out , i'm glad i have a pool that i can use 
work 12-5 , then idk 
working 9- ? 
just spent almost half my pay check on a fishing pole and fishing license . i think paintball might be the better hobby to do now . 
work again for the 2nd time today , 5- ? 
it's supposed to be my day off and i get called into work , not once , but twice today . 
work from 11- ? 
needs to do something productive before he goes insane 
workin 
Drink , smoke , and eat a lot of chocolate . and you won't get worms . 
just had a door-to-door sales person at my door selling kids books 
just chillin 
work 4-9 
rain rain go away , come again another day 
work 4-9 , then idk 
thank you everyone for the birthday wish's . 
Who knows me best ? My full name , age , birthday , eye color , at least 3 of my best friends , and a < PROPMALE > name . Copy to your status and see who knows you best 
work 10-3 
out to dinner with my ant 
TGIF , finally got a spiedie fest button 
just loves finding $ that he thought he didn't have . even if it is a dollar 
messed up my wrist , and some one smashed the window out on my moms < PROPFIRST > . 
just found out theres no dorms left at tc3 , if anyone in Dryden wants a roommate let me know soon . 
anyone want to find an apt . and split the rent in binghamton ? 
i got to stop walking when i can't sleep , it's starting to get boring 
still trying to find an additional job and an apartment , if anyone needs a roommate let me know . 
tell me how i got a ticket for walking across a railroad 
just sitin and waitin , think of anything let me know 
going to check on some applications then idk 
just chillin , if ur around and bored like me let me know 
sheeesh , i'm stresssed 
work for a little bit then idk 
don't know what i'm doing tonight , hit me up 
STRESSSSDED !!!!! 
work from 3-8 
got a 2nd job , now i just have to get an apparment 
court then wor , then idk 
ok everyone , military or not ? 
relaxing for now 
work from 8-2 or 3 , then idk 
got the apartment , just have to wait till monday to do anything 
bored , work soon 
waitin for < PROPFIRST > then gonna move into my apt 
moved in 
moved in , and unpacked 
synced their Myspace account to Facebook http://lnk.ms/0WBg6 
chillin , < PROPFEMALE > bored right now 
soooooo bored 
work 
Full name : ___________Age : ________ Birthday : ___________ Eye color : _________Nickname : ___________ Bestfriend : ______________ Favorite color : __________Post this to your wall and see who knows you 
the slicer at work and I , are at war . so far the slicer is 3-0 
does domino's use an automated answering serves now ? 
PIZZA ! 
so wut up 
go dolphins 
whats up 
Whats good for tonight ? 
went to get Halloween decorations , found Christmas ones instead . really , christmas is over 2 months away 
got a PS3 , COD it is 
playin some cod 
dish's are done . apt clean . COD for now 
Who wants to start going to the gym ? 
long night 
go miami 
You and I wake up in jail together ........ Using only FOUR words , what would yousay to me ? ( if you comment , you have to copy and paste this in your status - fair is fair - play along ! ) 
got an A/C and kitchen chairs :) 
Children with special needs only want what we all want : to be accepted . Can I request anyone willing to post this and leave it on your status for at least an hour ? It is Special Education week , and this is in honor of all the children who learn a little differently ....? 
who wants to carve pumpkins ? 
left my phone in my moms car , so get at me on here 
Put this on your status if you know someone/are relatedto someone who suffers from being a < PROPFIRST > Cowboys Fan . Being a CowboysFan is a real disorder and should be taken seriously . There is stillno known cure for DCF and sympathy does not help . But we can raise awareness . 90% of Cowboys fans wont repost this 
When you < PROPFEMALE > the bible , Satan gets a headache ... when you open it , he collapses .. when he sees you reading it , he faints ... and when you are about to repost this message , he will try and discourage you ... I defeated him , I reposted ! 
9 more days 
starting full time at subway today , 1-9 mon-fri 
8 more days 
5 more days 
dang , i can't get the presteige edition of black ops 
yo who wants to play paint-ball ? 
Black Ops is sick 
sooooooooooo bored , no customers in an hour 
\thank god for rednecks ! \"" 
hittin up cortland 
needs to get a life 
chillin playin COD hit me up 
stuck at a gas station 
sooooo bored 
NO WWBC AWANA or Youth Group ... Due to ice and flooding 
Change your FB profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? Tonot see a human face on FB till Monday , December 6th . * Join the FightAgainst Child Abuse * . copy & paste to your status and invite yourfriends to do the same 
chilling at home , no phone till thursday or friday . 
pretty slow at subway right now 
REMEMBER : Cell Phone < PROPFIRST > Go Public this month . \ 
REMINDER ..... all cell phone < PROPFIRST > are being released to telemarketing\ 
companies and you will start to receive sales calls . \ 
\ 
.... YOU WILL BE CHARGED FOR THESE CALLS\ 
To prevent this , call the following number from your cell phone :\ 
888-382-1222 . \ 
It is the National DO NOT CALL list It will only take a minute of your\ 
time .. 
My cuzn's baby's daddy's lil bruda's bes fren's uncle's x-wife's boyfren's mama's awnt's nexdoe neigba's susta in law said tell you Mur Cripmus ! 
Put this as your status and see what Color you get commented :\ 
Red : I love you\ 
Pink : Your cute\ 
Green : Funny\ 
White : I used to like you\ 
Yellow : Your a good friend\ 
Black : I miss you\ 
Blue : Friends forever\ 
Purple : Your hot\ 
Brown : Your sweet\ 
Aqua : I want to be yours forever\ 
Grey : Your a retard but i love you 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS EVERYONE !! 
[ POKE ] me if you ever had a crush on me or still do .. \ 
[ LIKE ] This status if you think I am a good friend .. \ 
[ MESSAGE ] me if u ever wanted a relationship with me .. \ 
[ COMMENT ] On this if we have had good memories .. \ 
post this as you status and see what you get 
chillin at work 
internet , finally ! 
assassins creed online 
just chillin , get at me if u want to do something 
work for 3hrs , then monster trucks with my lil bro's and my dad 
There comes a time in life , when you walk away from all the drama and the people who create it . You surround yourself with people who make you laugh , forget the bad , and focus on the good . So , love the people who treat you right . Forget about the ones who don't . Life is too short to be anything but happy . Falling down is part of LIFE ... Getting back up is LIVING .. Re-post if you agree 
Hacked 
Im a fathead that works at subway 
car crash's suck 
wrecked my mom's car , i'm ok . my laptop isn't working , so call me to get a hold of me 
Hi everybody 
ASKING if everyone could please put this as their status for one hour . I know my family will . Think of someone you know or love who has had cancer . My prayer is that in 2011 a cure will be found . Will you post it ? Just one hour . Do it for all of us . Too many to mention have fought and are fighting it . I hope to see this in ... the status of all my family and friends 
work 1-9 , want to do something hit me up afterwards 
If your Dad was a hard working man and was your hero , helped you no matter how bad you were or was just the BEST DAD EVER , if you are blessed to still have your DAD or if he is an angel in Heaven , paste this to your status and let everyone know you are PROUD of your Dad . You can replace a lot of people in life , but you only have one Dad . I love my dad ! 
work 1 -9 
cleaning right now , idk afterwards . get at me 
COD for a little bit then work 1-9 , so whats good for tonight ? 
more and more business each week , it's starting to feel like work . 
gonna be in windsor for a lil while 
got a car today , still have to do a few things with it and i'm good to go 
Put this as your status and see what people rate you .... 1)crazy , 2)I'd kiss you , 3)attractive , 4)wierd , 5)I miss you , 6)best friends :D , 7)sexy , 8)smart , 9)dumb , 10)tough , 11)cute , 12)handsome , 13)nerd , 14)I'm in love with you , 15)I love you !, 16)totally awesome , 17)glad we met , 18)asshole\ 
i'm bored what the hey 
whats up world ? 
snowed in with nothing to do 
SIBLING WAR !!! Copy this if you are the best and smartest of your siblings . If this stands an hour without your brothers & sisters protesting , it's so true ! :) 
can't believe i have to get a new router for some stupid reason . 
This is funny , \Go to your profile . The first five friends in the sidebar are your team for the Zombie Apocalypse . How screwed are you ? \ " \ 
had a great time with my dad and brothers at monster jam , definitely would like to do that again . 
i'm flyin high , fine as wine , having my-self a Big and < PROPMALE > time 
work 1-9 , let me know if you want to do something 
The girl you just called fat has been starving herself & has lost over 30lbs . The boy you just called stupid has a learning disability & studies over 4hrs a night . The girl you just called ugly spends hours putting makeup on hoping people will like her . The boy you just tripped is abused enough at home . There's a lot more to people than you think . Repost if you are against bullying . 
Anyone that uses facetime app , add me cedwards12345@yahoo.com 
Wuts good for tonight ? 
it took thousands of professionals to build the titanic , and only one amateur to build the ark . Whats the difference ? 
Got my car on the road today 
chillin , don't know what to do 
So bored right now 
Greatest man in history , named Jesus , had no servants , yet they called him Master . Had no degree , yet they called him Teacher . Had no medicines , yet they called him Healer . He had no army , yet kings feared Him . He won no military battles , yet he conquered the world . He committed no crime , yet they crucified Him He was buried in a tomb , yet He lives today . ( thx < PROPFIRST > Head ) 
can't wait for the summer ! 
Let's be clear on this : OBAMA did NOT kill Bin Laden . An American soldier , who Obama just a few weeks ago was debating on whether or not to PAY , did . Obama just happened to be the one in office when our soldiers finally found OBL and took him out . This is NOT an Obama victory , but an AMERICAN victory !! PLZ REPOST IF YOU AGREE !!! 
