is tired of being hormonal with back pain , nausea , fatigue , and irritability ( aka rage ) . 

is becoming a Yakuza movie freak . 
is glad it's almost Friday ! Still not used to a thing called work ? 
Loved San Onofre ! 
is excited to say buh bye to < PROPFIRST > Nuys . 
is experiencing moving nightmares ... I had semi-panic attacks being lost while driving big O U-Haul truck on my own and a mover giving up on unloading my beatiful but heavy bedroom set , but also my rented U-haul truck was graffitied right in front of my 
' s mind is racing . So many things to do , so little time . She needs to slow down and utilize her relaxation skills ... 
Loved Incubus @ Hollywood Bowl ! 
is a little stressed out with moving but also excited with a fresh new start ! 
is feeling so grateful and peaceful in her new apartment ! Final good bye to her dark old apartment in < PROPFIRST > Nuys where she spent hours and hours on crying , worrying , fearing , and being sick and miserble with chemo . Adios ! 
enjoyed early morning walk in the park . Tomorrow , early morning lap swimming ! 
is excited to go see < PROPFEMALE > Jam in October ! 
is missing her long hair and wondering how long the hair has to be to have extensions . 
is loving falafel 
is happy to be alive and have 1 year < PROPFIRST > on becoming a cancer survivor . 
Is it Friday yet ? 
is not having a very good day hormonally speaking ... maybe retail therapy will fix the problem ... 
Looking forward to Palm Springs getaway . 
is hoping that Tamiflu does a miracle work and cures her on time for Palm Springs ... 
is missing home . 
enjoyed spending Saturday afternoon with her best friend and being auntie Yuyu to little < PROPFEMALE > . 
is loving < PROPFEMALE > Jam's new album . 
thought Zombieland was cool ! 
is more than ready to leave this smog-filled crazy city for the holidays . We are going on a road trip up north . Yay ! 
Lazy rainy Saturday afternoon . Crocheting , Ninja Warrior marathon , and Coke Zero . Life is good ! 
1 more day , 1 more day , 1 more day ... I am soooooo ready for holiday break !!!! 
is heading to Tokyo for Christmas chicken . 
is living proof that flu shots do not always work . It is day 4 on my vacation in Tokyo , and I have been in bed fighting the nasty flu ever since I got here ... 
Saying goodbye to 2010 in casino style . Who knows , I may start off new year as a millionaire ! 
Happy New Year !!! 
Bye Bye Tokyo ! I will be back next year ! 
is crocheting my stress away ! 
is having a blah week and can't wait till the weekend . She is looking forward to Sushi with girls and Yogurtland with her boyfriend . 
hormonal , hormonal , hormonal .... Watch out ... 
IT'S BROTHER/SISTER WEEK !!!!!! Everyone change your profile pic to a picture of you with your brother or sister or both ! Picture can be from when you were young or a current one ! Copy and paste this , and lets see how many people love their siblings !!!!! 
doesn't care for football at all , but is looking forward to the Who's halftime gig ( plus all the pizzas and wings to munch on ) . 
can't go back to sleep and is nibbling on corn nuts at 5am . Something is definitely wrong with this picture . 
To celebrate Valentines Day , change your profile picture to you and your spouse/partner/significant other and make sure to tell how long you have been together . 1 year and 10 months :) 
can't sleep and high on chocolate . 
is going to Curry House for dinner ! Yay ! 
hates cancer with passion . 
Damn you , PS3 . I am really trying to put down the video game and go to bed ... 
is having another sleepless night and ready for informacial extravaganza . 
Too much Diet Coke , Zero , and Iced Tea today . Wide awake and can't sleep . Maybe it's time for Finlandia . 
still can't sleep and reading < PROPFEMALE > to catch up on celebrity gossip . 
is totally bummed ... 
“Perhaps they are not stars , but rather openings in heaven where the love of our lost ones pours through and shines down upon us to let us know they are happy . ” Eskimo Proverb 
always wonder why people don't take shuttle buses to Hollywood Bowl instead of taking their own cars . What a mess on Highland , I haven't moved for last 45 < PROPFEMALE > . 
In loving memory of every cancer patient , family and friends who have lost their battle with cancer , and the ones who continue to conquer it ! Put this on your < PROPFEMALE > if you know someone who has or had cancer . April is cancer month . 
is on her way to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , CA 
attended my dear friend's beautiful services to celebrate her life , enjoyed casino time with new friends , and had a laid-back time hanging in Downtown < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > . It's so beautiful up here and she does not want to go back to hectic Los < PROPFEMALE > ! 
What a beautiful Saturday ! 
Procrastination is the fear of success . People procrastinate because \ 
they are afraid of the success that they know will result if they move \ 
ahead now . Because success is heavy , carries a responsibility with it , \ 
it is much easier to procrastinate and live on the ' someday I'll ' \ 
philosophy - < PROPFIRST > Waitley 
Anything you really want , you can attain , if you really go after it . - Dr. < PROPMALE > Dyer 
Despite my back going out and hair turning gray , I am very grateful to be alive and be able to celebrate another year of life ! And , YES , I am actually excited to be a new member of the \late 30s\ " world ! " 
can't sleep again . No , I am not on meth . 
I am finally having my Port-A-Cath removed tomorrow ! Yay !!! 
This weather is making me depressed ! What is wrong with it this year ? I should be camping , swimming , and hanging at the beaches by now :( 
Hungry for home made Korean dishes ! 
Finally a day to rest and relax ! I will stroll the mall with < PROPFIRST > , eat Sushi , < PROPFEMALE > out with my best friend , and enjoy swimming/walking . It will be a perfect Sunday before going back to a work week :) 
Wow , I made it to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > from Newhall in 30 minutes during Monday evening rush hours . It's a miracle ! 
needs vacation seriously and it's only Monday . 
is thankful that chemotherapy saved my life but amazed how it has such a prolonged effect on her body , still suffering from fatigue , insomnia , stomach issues , etc . 
liked Toy Story 3 & Gyukaku date with < PROPFIRST > :) 
is very very tired ... 
Please consider making donation of any amount to\ 
American Cancer Society Making Strides Against Breast Cancer of San \ 
< PROPMALE > Valley . I am walking on August 15 to support the cause and \ 
also to celebrate my two year anniversary of survivorship :) 
< PROPFEMALE > insomnia < PROPFEMALE > netflix 
is on her way to Japanese Summer Festival in Torrance ! 
c a n n o t s l e e p ! ! ! 
is glad this week is finally over . Needs serious self-care this weekend to recover and re-charge physically and mentally . 
loves Yoga :) 
is on her way to Obon festival in Downtown . 
I have a renewed sense of respect and love for my boyfriend after today ... Reminded me that I have a truly amazing and fantastic boyfriend/best friend . I am so blessed to have him in my life :) 
would like more cash clients for her practice . She hates doing the claims with insurance companies , especially those who pay crappy rates ! 
is\ 
very grateful to those who have made donations to Making Strides \ 
Against Breast Cancer Walk and also to those who signed up to walk with \ 
me . Thank you for supporting the cause . I am looking forward to 5K on \ 
08/15 ! 2 1/2 weeks left , and I am so far the 8th top participant for \ 
this event . Please consider visiting ... my\ 
< PROPFEMALE > and making a small donation if you have not yet already . 
can't sleep , can't sleep , can't sleep ... 
spent all day in bed :( 
is finally feeling a bit better :) Thank you everyone for the kind words . 
Gosh can't sleep ! Sick of insomnia ! I am still recovering from cold/flu , have a mercy and give me a good nite sleep please !!! 
Does anyone know good home remedies or herbs for severe congestion ? I really need to get better by tomorrow . 
is addicted to Neti Pot . No it's not a grass , it's a pot that drains sinus gunk . 
There are only 5 days left till Making Strides Against Breast Cancer Walk ! Please consider making small donations to support the cause . Also , don't forget to register online if you are walking with me on Sunday ! 
Thank you very much to those who've made donations to Making Strides Against Breast Cancer . With your generous donations , more than $500 was raised to this great cause ! To my friends who are walking with me , let's meet up around 7:30 - 7:45 am ! 
Nissei Festival @ Little Tokyo this weekend ! 
wishes she can do private practice full-time ! 
3am ... 
is becoming a < PROPMALE > B , thanks to 100 degree weather and hormonal disturbance ! 
is planning to have a low-key weekend to relax , rest , and lower her blood pressure . 
Sushi Date Night ! 
Here comes the Monday , can't wait till Labor Day Weekend to relax :) 
is pooped . 
is very very pooped . 
is getting a foot massage in K Town ! 
enjoyed relaxing at Malibu Wines ! 
life can be hard sometimes 
thought she will be spending a relaxing afternoon at a park , but instead has been struggling to fire the bbq machine thingy for last two hours . How do you keep charcoals lit ??? Boy I'm hungry ! 
\The secret of health for both mind and body is not to\ 
Music is a safe kind of high - Jimi Hendrix 
Off to Disneyland ! 
slept with Dumbo all night ! Had a great time being a kid at Disneyland . It was worth waiting 15 years ! 
is so sored from Krav Maga self-defense class . 
is feeling great after 6am Capo Cardio Boot Camp ! 
can't sleep any more than 5 hours a night now days . As a kid , I always wondered why my grandma was up so super early every morning . Now I know . I am getting old . 
couples work can be so exhausting ... 
sleepy as hell , but off to Capo Cardio Bootcamp . 
Insomnia , as usual . 
Life goes on whether you like it or not . 
This insomniac had her 6 hours of uninterrupted sleep in a long time . Feeling refreshed and ready for a workout ! 
Surprisingly , I'm enjoying the ice skating show at Staple Center 
is challenging herself to work out everyday this week ! 
is feeling lethargic after getting a flu shot ... 
can't sleep , can't sleeep , can't sleeeeep , can't sleeeeeeeeep , Can't sleeeeeeeeeeeeep , and I am going insaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaane ! 
Sushi with girls ! 
Happy 70th Birthday , < PROPFIRST > ! 
Can somebody give me a magic portion for a good night sleep ? 
is thinking about taking a boxing class on weekends . She really needs to kick some serious butt and release her aggression . 
is craving for Inn & Out Burgers at 7:30 am . 
is about to get her high from 5:30 am Cardio Capoeira ! 
is frantically looking \ 
for best Japanese cookie recipes ! She is entering a baking contest at \ 
work ! If everything else fails , She is running to get cream puffs from \ 
Beard Papa ! 
stuck with a flat tire !!! Hoping services get here before dark , not in a fancy neighborhood ... today is just not my day :( 
My attempt to bake cookies for office Halloween party turned out rather disaterous . I guess I am not a domestic goddess after all ... 
Results from mammo , ultrasound , and X rays are in , and I continue to be cancer free ! So blessed ! 
is on her way to San < PROPFIRST > ! 
I'm out of town and forgot to bring a phone charger . Why do I do this all the time ? 
is saying goodbye to San < PROPFIRST > , it was a short stay but I learned a lot and spent a lot ! Hopefully they'll all come back as tax return ... 
Life is a balancing act , isn't it ? I DO too much . I am starting to recognize my pattern of extremism . Finding balance in life without jeopardizing my health ( physical , spiritual , emotional , and financial ) would be my goal for rest of the year . Zen ! 
is on Facebook every night and damn proud of it . 
is loving the single life , but realizing dating can be complicated . 
Hello , Insomnia ! 
Time for 5:30 am Capo Cardio Bootcamp ! 
is crazy , in case you haven't noticed . 
Let the good life without cable TV begin ! 
is an insomniac with 4 hours of sleep every night . She has too much time on her hand in early morning creeping around cyberspaces while thinking about horrible dates she has been on so far ... Better ones have to come around soon ! 
not liking this weather . 
is waking up with < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . 
is about to re-discover her cultural root by hangin ' in Little Tokyo ;) 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > at work 
More < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > at home . Completely < PROPMALE > bed-out and ruminating on his < PROPFEMALE > though I was not yet born then ... No I'm not stoned ! 
Getting ready to work out bootcamp style before turkey-ing myself up ! 
is thankful for friends to spend Thanksgiving with . 
Here I come , 5:30 am Capo Cardio , and then to the mall to burn off all the calories from the turkey and all ! 
is addicted to < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > and Lucky Charms . 
Happy Monday , everyone ! Hope you have a great week ! 
Happy Tuesday , everyone ! Four more days till weekend , have a great day ! 
Happy Hump Day ~ 
ya all have a good Thursday , one more day till Friday ! 
Devastated that my cat ruined my favorite couch ! Poor < PROPFEMALE > , she is getting old and senile . 
is up at 2 am doing millions of things around the house ( FYI , I am not tweaking ! ) . Insomnia can be good and productive . 
Friends , \ 
change your default picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal \ 
is not to see a human face on facebook until Monday the 6th ... Join the \ 
fight against child abuse , and invite your friends to the same ? 
is completely pooped and drinking Rockstar ... 
Friends , change your default picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal is not to see a human face on facebook until Monday the 6th ... Join the fight against child abuse , and invite your friends to the same ? 
Finally getting 3G 
I am shy . I always feel the need to pretend to be a mom when buying a happy meal to collect their toys . 
4:30 am , insomnia , sore throat , bored and listening to Far East Movement ... Happy Wednesday !!! 
what a beautiful Autumn day ! I love life ! 
so fed up with dating ! I am ready and happy to be single for a long , long time ! 
No , I don't want < PROPFEMALE > Wars toys , I want Sanrio ! Get it right , < PROPFIRST > McD ! 
Tuesday can be hard :( But , have a great day , to everyone & me ! 
Taco Tuesday ! 
May sound cheesy , but life is wonderful ! I am excited to see what each day brings . 
wow , how do you work with a couple who speak literally no language in common ?! 
Lazy rainy Saturday ... Low key and relaxing ... and doing laundry ! 
Impulsive shopping in action ! Why , why why did I buy myself a cat meowing clock ( and actually loving it) ? 
Eating biscuits with corn chowder and having two laptops on , browsing Match.com on one while facebooking on the other , with a cheesy Japanese Yakuza movie with bad acting on the background at 4:30 am ... Don't tell me something wrong with this picture . 
tackling the toy section 
Here comes the sun ! 
Officially off work till next year ! 
< PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
How did < PROPFEMALE > know I like Hello < PROPFEMALE > ?! 
I just broke my FB sobriety . It lasted 2.5 days . I am binging now . 
I hate it when a hair stylist chops the heck off when I ask for a \trim\ " ! It seems like I will be frantically looking for hair extension this coming new year ... " 
Late night keyboarding and furniture arrangement , I think I am an insomniac neighbor from hell . 
enjoyed Sunday morning bootcamp and pancake breakfast with WE girls ! 
nothing can compare to the feeling of kicking and punching early in the morning at 6:30 am 
I slipped and fell right on my butt in front of frozen food section at Ralphs . Then a stupid shopping cart hit my car while hurrying to get out of embarrassment and backing out in the parking lot ... Is this the price I had to pay to get 7 < PROPFEMALE > Cuisine for 10 bucks ? 
how do I get out of a funk without OD'ing on chocolate ? 
Evening cardio Capoeira rocked ! 
\today I will rejoice in my aliveness and live every moment to the fullest \"" 
I am wide awake at 1:30 am , thanks to high dose of Sudafed 
I am missing cable TV , especially COPS reruns . 
Am I going to survive the touch screen ? Missing my good old Blackberry ... 
I'm still tired and sleepy after drinking a gigantic can of Red Bull ... 
I just watched \A Good Husband\ " at Mpark4 in K Town ... What an emotional and great movie ... definitely recommended ! " 
A fun filled day today with jewelry making at the Downtown Women's Center and having a professional organizer help me organize my closet ~ Feels so good to purge ! 
Can I listen to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > ? 
Overloaded with caffeine = insomniac house cleaning 
Is it lunch time yet ? 
You're so evil , IRS ! 
Good morning ~ ! It's 4am ~ ! 
I was always a PE drop-out but I am finally getting a < PROPFEMALE > of kickboxing ! My mother will be so proud ! 
Have been waiting for my tires to be replaced at dealership for three hours now ... hungry and irritated ... 
Prayers go out to those affected by the earthquake in my home country . 
OMG more than 1000 people missing/died from the earthquake in Japan so far . Please keep praying for people in my home country . 
I'm in love with you , Dr. < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ! 
Reminiscing on my breast cancer journey that started in 2008 ... I am finally having a closure and a surgery that represents just that on next Monday ! Excited ! 
\Today I am opening new doors to Life . \ " - < PROPFEMALE > L . Hay " 
Finally home 
Rest can be boring 
