really bored but also kinda tired lol that might be why im bored 

Hey im grounded and i dont have my phone call me on my house phone at 303-678-8468 if ya want to talk to me 
why can't there be one guy to show me that there not all the same . 
everyone sees who i appear to be , but only a few know the real me , you can only see what i choose to show you , there is so much more .... you just don't know 
P . L . U . R that is how we roll lol 
never leave the one you love for the one you like cuz they will leave you for the one they love and you will have no one there 
cuz your everything to me no question asked , i mean to you what you mean to me and the world don't mean a thing , so hold on tight and lets go for the ride of your life . ( new song idea lol ) 
for the first time in a long time i can say i'm turelly happy with him 
i only appear to be what i want other people to see but there is only a few who know the real me , so much more you don't even know 
i love him with all my heart i'll love him tell death due us aprat , he is the reason for living the light in the sky i love him so much . 
Ever understand body language , cuz mine is on fire but you'll never know it ^_^ 
i really thought you were the one i was going to be with for a long time but i guess i was wrong . im just not willing to get hurt anymore . i can't 
remember when getting high meant swinging on the playground ? your worst enemies were your siblings . Race issues were who ran the fastest . War was just a card game . and the only drug you knew was cough medicantion . when wearing skirt didn't make you a slut . the most pain you felt was skinned knees goodbyes were only until tomorrow ? And we couldn't wait to grow up . 
Why can't one thing just work out the way i want it to , just one thing would be freking fantastic ! 
And i wonder if i ever cross your mind .... for me it happens all the time . 
OMG !!! i hates these things with a passion !! 
For some reason i really want to hit something , i wonder why ( fucking people !! ) 
You want to find out who all your true friends are fall down and mess everything up and see who will still be standing there by your side , i did i have the best sister in the world because of it . 
You know the worst part about being lied to is not the fact they lied but knowing you weren't worth the truth 
friday night we are getting a group to go see < PROPFEMALE > in wonderland , who's up for it let me or < PROPFEMALE > know 
Maybe it is true maybe we don't know what we have until we've lost it , but maybe its also true that we don't know what we're missing until we find it 
i'm the kind of girl who will dance in the pouring rain , smile like i'm fine when i'm not . Make you laugh when you want to cry . Worry more about you then me , fall over laughing at the dumbest things , always forgive but never forget , who loves so many and hates so few , when she's hated by so many and loved by few 
when i tell you i love you i dont say it out of habit or to start a conversation i say it to remind you that your the best thing that ever happened to me 
i don't know where i stand with you & i dont know what i mean to you all i know is everytime i think of you , all i wanna do is be with you 
some say that holding on makes you stronger , but sometimes it takes much more stregth to let go and move on 
Old enough to know better ..... young enough to do it anyways 
What is this thing you call \normal\ " ?!?!? Is it contagious !? OMG !!! don't touch me i might get your NORMAL !! " 
i can't hold on anymore .... i'll let you go but ill never forget Its time to let go .... 
Love me without fear , trust me without doubt , love me without restrictions , want me without demand , aceppt me how I am 
So tired today all I want to do is sleep 
What hurts the most : saying something you wish you hadn't or not saying something you wish you had . 
So today kalin is staying the night , tomorrow I not sure , Sunday chile picnic ( it will be awesome ) then only a few more days until school is over .......... I'm so happy right know you just don't understand 
i think i verbally abuse the peole i love more then the people i hate ..... oh excuse me . sorry for actually thinking i meant something to you ...... wanna go . yeah .. nobaoby moves ..... i didnt fall . i attacked the floor ..... what are you smiling at ? nothing , i just love you ^-^ \ 
one for each people i care/cared for 
Does anyone know who brings what tomorrow for the choir picnic .? 
Dear math , I have enough problems without yours ..... Can you figure your self out for once haha 
I know sweetie , I love you so much . I'll see you all time . You can't leave me ever 
Today i relize who my best firends are , Kalin Marcantonio , < PROPFIRST > Smith , and < PROPFEMALE > Rees , with out you guys i dont know where id be , all of you have been there for me when no one else would be and you have taken a part of my life with you forever , i can always count on you guys . 
There's no point in staying with someone who doesnt even know your alive anymore , there's no point in trying when all you do fall back , but when you have the world in your hand you also have the paths to make ... you make life it doesnt make you , you can make it what you want or it ain't your life , your just living there 
5 More days tell i leave for California !!!!!!!!!!! theni come back to work haha yay ! money ! \ 
i am so excited you don't even understand lol 
you want to know how my day went .... found out im working tell i leave for vacation then i come back and work some more yay me !..... NOT 
Everything you think that is impossiable tends to be possible in the long run , so if you think something is possible because everyone says that its impossible ... is it possible ? 
today im going to Kalin Marcantonio , A.K.A my sisters graduation !!! so stocked 
on my way to cqaliforina if you need me text my phone or messae me ill try to get it when i can . love you all talk to you later 
IM HOME IM HOME IM HOME YAYAYAYAYAY 
sometimes you have to stop thinking about what your feeling and think about what you deserve 
oh my two days off of work yayayayayayayayay 
watching the boys today then im haning out with kalin later yayayayayayay i do miss her . lol 
If you look in to a girls heart youd see how much she really cries , you'll find hidin secrets , best friends and lies , but what you'll see the most is how hard it is to stay strong when nothing is right and everythings wrong 
ungrounded lol yayayay 
having like 5 conversations with my sister wooh ! i so lost hahaha 
hanging with my sister and having a blast haha\ 
happy is i . i missed her so much 
hmmmmm .... i am thinking i need a new profile picture anyone gots any idea which one let me know pretty please ! 
on myspace and on facebook go me ! 
< PROPMALE > out with my sister and a friend yesterday , that was pretty good , glad i can have them when i needed them . 
wroking on a new song ... hope its good 
Never take a person for granted hold every person close to your heart cause you might wake up one day and realise that you've lost a dimand while you were to busy collecting the stones 
i like the whole single , party , fun thing but i love the whole taken he loves me im his girl thing ^_^ 
i do believe that invader zim just became my favorite show ..... all because of gir lol 
Drivers license !!!!!!! im on the road sweet lol 
so im getting my hair done today lets see how its goes haha . 
es casi aquí ! es casi aquí ! La enfermedad sea diecisiete ! Yay yay yay yay yay haha 
A kiss is just a kiss until you find the one you love , hug is just a hug until its the one your thinking of , a dream is just a dream until you make it come true , love is just a word until proven to you 
thanks for all the birthday wishes everone !! 
senior hahah now classes are , < PROPFEMALE > voce , environmental science , mythology , imp 4 . second day is ironworks , net & target , CP government , and CP English . all of theses by the way are in order 
i know everything is going to work out , i know its going to all be okay ..... so why am i so scared that everything is changing ? 
alright so here is the deal my senior pics are up . and the ones that are up are my favs i want everyone to tell me which one is there's . please please please .. 
so ive choosen i hate hospitals lol 
New lef , new time , new me . 
yesterday i < PROPMALE > out with my sister best part of my day .... my abs really hurt tho haha 
So last night I had a great time with my sister and Friday I'm getting stolen I guess haha lol it will be great this weekend I'm very excited for this !!!!!! 
If in this life time won't get to have you , I'll make sure that if meet you in my next life , I won't have to think twice on saying \ I waited a lifetime to say I love you .... \"" 
I feel like death warn over emotionally and physically . And no one is will to help me here this is great day , never fails either . 
why , even after all this time , my same fears come to haunt my dreams and take over my life , the same fears the same nightmares have all returned , after all this time ! 
four main reasons a girl\ 
will stop texting back . \ 
One - You said something that made her mad\ 
Two - You just started to get boring\ 
Three - She fell asleep\ 
Four - You said the letter \K \"" 
You been hacked ! Kind of .... Yeah ... Sort of .... Umm ....... Yeah ..... hehe =D \ 
Love you ! ~ Gabbbbiiiiiii xD 
Mwuaaaahhhhh , I hacked u . I luv u tho babe , lol 
So in one day two people hacked me wow guys thanks is I feel the love lol 
There was a boy whose first love\ 
was a girl in a picture , \ 
which he found on the street . \ 
He picked it up and kept it . \ 
As time went by he married , \ 
but still kept it . \ 
One day , his wife found it and asked , \ 
\Where did you get this ? \ " \ 
I don't regret my past I just regret the time I've wasted with the wrong people ! 
