is chilling with the girls :) 

is thinking this is going to be a very long day 
is getting off her STUPID computer and sorry that i couldn't talk tonight :(( 
is not wanting to have AM practice tomorrow 
thought the concert went very well :) but has to do some homework now :( 
is studying vocab ... sorta 
is so happy its break !! 
is quite bored 
is thinking wow this storm thing sucks and looking at < PROPFEMALE>'s pictures its funny how times change and some don't change at all 
just finished watching the Hangover 
needs this weather to stop ... ugh ! 
i need to see my friends again like now !! 
is going to get out of this house tomorrow 
wants to go see her boyfriend really bad 
is going to head to the holiday tourney shortly 
huskers did awesome !!! 
is ready for the new year !!! 
6 day weekend !! 
blue , yellow , black , white 
is wanting all this snow to go away !!! 
is ready for the game but still has a few hours until she has to leave 
is thinking its been a while since i have been on facebook 
is really sick of the bullshit 
loves nights like these when you get done hanging with the girls and you get home and you look at the beautiful bright stars and you say damn that was a great night 
I had lunch with a noodle on your car cause im cool like that 
is pondering ... :( 
is wondering why my dad is going to let my mom drive us to school ... i hope i don't die today 
is very bored and really wishes this weather would stop ... ya that would be great . 
No school again i really wish we did i need to get a lot of shit done .... ugh ... more days to make up now this is great :( 
had a wonderful night !! 
getting ready for the basketball game ... 
Is going to go shopping today ... finally !!! 
has a lot of stupid studying to do fml !! 
hates life and its complications !!! 
playing basketball , talking about everything with friends , sleeping , and eating dohnuts ... then coming home to sleep it off that was a very good night 
is confused i wish there was something that tells you what to do in life 
really hates homework ... why do teachers even give us it i mean nobody even does it 
had a fantabulous night !! and is not looking forward to reconcilliantion retreat tomorrow :( 
is quite tired 
has done nothing productive today except laundry and probably wont have school tomorrow cause of this horrible weather 
hates this feeling more than any other feeling 
hates this feeling more than any other feeling ... i had a great season with you girls 
thought the dinner concert went very well ... but still wishes life didn't have twists and turns 
is excited for the boys to rock on Thursday ... good luck boys !! 
nice job boys keep it up !!! 
going to the ventures tourney all day ! 
is stoked for the game tomorrow ... come on boys ! 
WERE GOING TO STATE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
was rudely waken up !! 
wishes drama never existed it would have made life so much easier ... 
hates stress and its complications ... Good Luck on Thursday boys 
is almost packed and ready for tomorrow !!! 
is finally done packing and is taking a nice drink break before she is going to go clean 
had a blast tonight ... good season boys 
is tired , has confirmation tomorrow then is done with that kind of stuff 
getting ready for confirmation 
is finally done with confirmation !! 
is thinking track was a good day today !! 
had a great weekend !!! 
is having a fantabulous week so far ... but is very tired !! 
doesn't know about this track meet already tomorrow 
Smile even through your tears , Be Strong even through your fears 
Hey everyone please don't text me this month ... thanks 
is getting elevator sick ... fuck elevators !! 
band is coming to an end and don't be sad but i don't think i will be able to take it next year 
has a lot going on this weekend ... but is very excited !! 
had a lot of fun last night !! 
did a lot of stuff today ... and is now very tired 
had a lot of fun today ... 
No cyo bbq tonight 
hates these stupid rudes and this really stupid weather !! 
just decided that this summer is going to be really really busy !! 
hates history notes !! 
is cleaning a lot 
my mom washed my ipod and has died :( looks like i get a new one :) 
had another track meet today all i want is nice weather for once 
loves band bonding and dancing :) 
is not looking forward to the track meet on thursday or graduation on saturday 
thought awards night was long but good 
had a good time on the bus ride home !! 
is going to a lot of graduations today !! 
CYO ~ will be making a care package for Kody Kuchta ~ we will be putting the items together on Sunday ~ anyone can donate to this ~ all CYO families are asked to bring at least one item for the package . Kody's intrests and likes : national guard , FISHIING , menards(works there ) , hard rock , NEBRASKA FOOTBALL , likes all food places ( taco < PROPFEMALE > ) , Mountain Dew , Lemonade , PLEASE ENCLOSE A PERSONAL LETTER OR CARD 
hates final projects ugh !! 
is excited for tommorrow ... half a day left then senior year :O 
a few softball practices then the whole day to myself hmmm what should i do ? 
is bored sitting at home ... but gets to have pizza tonight with the schmits which should be fun ... i hope ... 
has a crazy day tomorrow and doesn't want it to start at all !! FML 
loves this weather !! <3 
twelves won their first game ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Fink ... what kind of shampoo do you use ?.... lice killing lol 
it has been a long day and tomorrow will be the same .... o did i mention i am sore everywhere ? o ya that 2 
why would you put oranges on a subway sandwhich ?... o wait those are tomatoes ... lol 
another long week coming up ... i hope the rain stops 
is having a good time :) !!! 
is golfing in the Father's Day Scramble :S 
is going to take a long nap :) 
is very tired !!! 
softball districts tomorrow so i should probably go to bed ... goodnight everyone ! 
loves car \tag \"!!" 
just got done playing my last summer league ever ... 
is having a good weekend 
is going on her first plane ride tommorrow and is heading to California !! 
Is loving California and the new people I have met but I also miss all the people back in good old Nebraska 
Last day of the actual mission part it was very sad and many tears I wish all good things didn't have to come to an end but hopefully the friends we have made will stay with us fir a long time 
Will be on her way home tomorrow but is wondering how the souvenirs are goingTo fit ? 
is finally home :) 
hate when my computer doesnt work the way i want it to :( 
wishes lifes decisions would be easier ... 
has a shit load of sophomores at her house 
i hate stress !!! 
YOUR\ 
BRAVE COPY THIS TO UR STATUS AND SEEWHAT PEOPLE RATE YOU !!!! :) ( 1 ) \ 
CRAZY ( 2 ) WISH WE WENT OUT ( 3)TALKITIVE ( 4 ) SARCASTIC ( 5 ) LOVABLE(6)\ 
SEXY ( 7 ) STRONG ( 8 ) DUMB ( 9)SPOILED ( 10 ) RETARTED ( 11 ) WILD ( 12)MEAN\ 
( 13 ) FUNNY ( 14 ) ANNOYING(15)BEAUTIFUL ( 16 ) AMAZING ( 17 ) LIKABLE 
just got back from < PROPFIRST > Nicholes and it was amazing ... he is so fricken HOT !! 
hmmm vacation ... idk if i should be excited or dreading it 
is home finally 
loved getting together with the mission trip girls again :) 
Had a blast tonight forking and < PROPFEMALE > wrapping stubb's lawn and car :) 
wishes her bf felt better :( 
finally has internet and < PROPMALE > Thies is picking on me 
i feel another boring night coming on ... 
... 
thinks people need to get over themselves and watch what they do 
wants o stop crying !!!!! 
got senior pictures done today :) 
is remembering < PROPFIRST > Haselhorst :( 
doesn't know about this whole looking for the right college thing ... 
last day of summer lifting ever :) 
cleaned her room for 6 and a half hours but its finally done ... 
is home with the sisters and also got her proofs back !! 
so what class should i take this year ? ap or espanol ? 
Had our last first day of 2 a days 
hmmm ... what to think ... 
2 a days again tomorrow goin to bed real soon 
done with morning practice now back to bed :) 
wonderful nap ... not so much dinner but the cheescake was delicious ... now is very very bored ... 
is having a wonderful day ... last 2 a days for my high school career , i got my yearbook on the first day , and i don't hate any of my classes :) 
gets to be with < PROPMALE > all day today :D 
does anybody know when the < PROPMALE > driving thing is open at the courthouse ? 
hopes that her bf gets to feeling better especially for his frist day of college ... 
thank you everyone for the bday wishes ! 
Is having fun in study hall :) 
is excited for the weekend :D 
has the church bizarre today then watching husker volleyball !! 
is hoping all her plans work out for the weekend ! 
good job tonight girls :) 
is thinking next weekend needs to be here ! 
3 months <3 I love you < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > !! 
is going to get some cleaning done today and hopefully find my wallet ... wish me luck .. 
should probably start on homework but idk if i truly want to .... 
doesn't think that was a very good football game 
can't wait for the weekend !!!! :) 
good job tonight girls !!!! keep it up 
just put my whole life on a time line ... wow thats amazing but ad in a way 
yep it just hit me pretty hard ... 
is SO excited for tommorrow !!! I get to Finally see my bf :) 
is in omaha !!!!!! 
i just wanna be back in Omaha ... and not around my mother who causes more and more stress !!! 
ugh i don't want school ... 
ugh ... i just don't know what my future my uphold ... what should i do ? 
my dog needs to stop biting ... it hurts alot 
needs the weekend like now :) 
nice job tonight girls :) 
nice job girlies <3 
wishes her life was planned out for her 
is extremly bored ... 
2 games in west holt this week .... ya !........ not 
loves bus ride conversations about tatas :) 
the game tomorrow is going to be so cold .... need to pack warmly 
my lips hurt :( 
misses her boyfriend soooooooooooo much :( i love you < PROPMALE > <3 
good season ladies ... i love you all ... thanks for making my senior year volleyball season the best ever 
is extremely bored !!!... wants to go back to Omaha 
wouldn't it be great if i had the rest of my life figured out ?... yes is that answer 
doesnt know what to do for the game ... hmmmm ill figure it out ... she really wants to see her boyfriend soon 
tell\ 
me something you have always wanted to say to me OR ask me anything you\ 
want . inbox only . it stays between us promise . :) put this as your \ 
status and see what you get 
i hate ice !!!! 
that was a bullshit game !! 
tomorrow is going to be the best day ever ... house tour get to skip 3 periods then scrimmage against < PROPFEMALE > then i get to finally see my boyfriend that i love so much <3 
hates goodbyes ... they get harder everytime :'( 
Hate Snow !!!! it always seems to make my plans change and its no bueno ... UGHHHH !!! 
You've got to take the good with the bad , smile with the sad , love what you've got , and remember what you had . Always forgive , but never forget . Learn from mistakes , but never regret . 
Nice start girls :) love you all <3 
loves getting up early in the morning to be at school by 645 ... its going to be a long day but can't wait to see < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Colwell 
o facebook sometimes you make me bored 
well i was going to take the dang ACT again but with this dumb weather there is no way i am going to risk my life to go do that ... goodnight again 
I HATE getting cattle in on a snowy day and i hate the fact that all my plans have been put on hold because of this stupid stupid weather !! 
feels bad ... feel like its her fault and doesn't know what to say ... 
dad says the roads arent to bad so we are going to venture to church then hopefully get to see < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > :) :) :) 
just witnessed the cutest thing ever ... my dad was crying over my baby and toddler pictures i picked out for my senior slide show it was so cute :) :'( 
Got my gifts wrapped :) now im ready for Christmas 
Hopes this week goes by quickly 
one more last .... last christmas conert ... mixed feelings ... very happy but a little sad 
weather please hold out for a little bit like tomorrow night really early in the morning would be fantastic ... that way < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > can make it home and i can go out and have a good time with my friends ... please and thank you 
sigh what should i do today ... really hopes the weather doesn't get worse 
here we go last semester :) 
i miss < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Colwell :( 
so tired .. 
ACT tomorrow ... idk what to think 
so glad we have 4 day school weeks 
what a depressing day ... derek is an hour away and i can't see him ... butno worries i have bball practice to chear me up 
everything is finally falling into place and the stess of life is finally slowing ... thank you god 
wow my nose hurts so bad ! :( taking a tylenol PM and going to bed 
going to go eat with some of the girls :) 
< PROPFEMALE > had a baby ... o joy 
so tired ... stressed .. and yet life doesn't want to slow down it just keeps making more complications 
probably should start working on the homework :( 
how can anyone get homework done with facebook . 
i feel so behind on this whole prom dress shopping . 
Mom is turning the big 40 tomorrow ... i don't think whe is to thrilled but everyone else sure is :) 
took a tylonel pm ... goodnight 
is FINALLY with < PROPMALE > :) 
Call me crazy idc but i need to get out of this house ... i actually wanted school today 
Thinks < PROPFEMALE > is crazy for making a schedule :) love you < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
intense night of bball right there 
this day sucked !! 
wow somebody stop these nerves ... 
monday off and what am i doin yep thats right cleaning my room and doing scholarships ... o joy 
Champions aren't made in the gyms . Champions are made from something they have deep inside them -- a < PROPFEMALE > , a dream , a vision . 
GET ME A SOCK SO I CAN SHOVE IT IN MY MOTHERS MOUTH 
im soooooooooooo ready for tomorrow !!!!! and for graduation 
Thank you so much to everyone who was at the game tonight you don't know how amazin you were and we appreciate all yours support .... Thank you to all the girls on the team that made my senior year basketball season special you are all part of my family forever <3 love you all 
so much homework and i have absolutely no time !!!! what should i do now ? 
ok time to get off facebook and get this dumb speech done and hopefully a scholarship completed 
Watch out state here we come :) 
study AP :( 
So ready for tomorrow it will only be a good day :) we probably won't have no homework , not going to non mandatory track because im heading to < PROPMALE > for state thank you God :) 
What to do what to do ... any suggestions ? 
wow this is boring ... thanks so much parents for leaving and not letting me go anywhere .... ugh i have cleaned so much i probably smell like cleaning supplies 
So i LOVE Lady Gaga just so everyone knows :) 
i am actually so bored that i may just clean my room ... this is so sad :( 
hmmmm i am getting my knee drained today ... idk if i should be scared or relieved ? 
best surprise ever 
I hate homework 
is finally getting things done and scheduled for college . 
I love the movie tangled ... its probably cause its a disney movie but o well :) :) 
should probably stop putting things off 
Loved driving around with the girls 
Who can say i have changed for the better but because i knew you i have been changed for good 
Track kicks my butt !! I am so dead 
college visit today :) 
we are almost done with this year ..... thank goodness :) 
pursuasive speech and i have no clue what to write about without it being controversial ... any suggestions ? 
i don't remember the last time i have been so tired in one weekend . 
NO more facebook until i get some stuff done 
perfect night for the oldies :) 
i better be able to get out of my house in the morning 
got my graduation dress and shoes today :) one less thing to worry about 
yep im going to get my room clean and some scholarships done tonight 
one more speech left and im done with that class :) 
first night at HU HOT ever and it was so great i had a lot of fun with my friends :) 
In honor of Mother's Day we are trying to see how many of you are willing to change your profile picture to a picture of your mother and keep it there till May 9 . Please repost this as your status so everyone gets the word and see how many beautiful mothers we can get on FB 
never sleeping on the couch unless im taking a nap 
off to work 
wow graduation is just around the corner and i have so many mixed emotions 
Last Day of School !!!!! wow this is crazy 
has never felt this way before but will def miss the seniors that made this week special ... love you all <3 
yep i graduated today !!! Thank you for all who came and supported my class and myself :) 
i could get used to waking up at 11 everymorning 
so excited to go to Omaha tomorrow !!!!! 
last night was the hardest thing that i ever had to do :'( 
< PROPMALE > or < PROPFEMALE > ? 
July needs to come quite soon so i can see my boyfriend again ... this sucks 
ok now that i have my thank yous im going to start writing 
wow i hate thank yous i think ill end up having carpal tunnel 
i need to clean my room but i just don't have the motivation to 
Happy Memorial Day everyone !!! don't forget the people that died for us and the people that continue to fight and enlist for us 
This summer's weather sucks !! 
3 o'clock isnt to far off so maybe i should start getting ready for work .... nah i can wait 
another busy day ... fml 
4 mile walk with < PROPFEMALE > check < PROPFIRST > michaels check relaxation check 
I got a letter from < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Colwell today !!! 
relay for life was pretty fun now sleep :) 
i miss playing softball so much :( 
watching awards and just saw the breaking < PROPFEMALE > preview and im so EXCITED !!!!! 
I love my grandma !!! :) 
is going to go see < PROPMALE > dominate !!! :) 
has to work again but has the day off tomorrow so ill finally get some things done :) 
1 year with you and it has been the greatest ever !! i can't wait to see you ... love you < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > <3 
off to work .... again 
omg i can't wait till i finally see < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Colwell next thursday !!!! so so so excited 
im packed finally and i am so pumped to see my boyfriend but i am not so excited about saying goodbye to my best friend < PROPFEMALE > Hammond tomorrow :( i love you sweetie 
don't let anything come between a friendship cause after it ends it hurts and you wish you could do it all over again but realize your time has come to the end :( i love you girls and i always will < PROPFEMALE > Hammond , < PROPFEMALE > Keifer , < PROPFEMALE > Svitak , < PROPFIRST > Haselhorst , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > Yankee Gubbels 
I GET TO SEE < PROPMALE > TODAY !!!!!! i am excited 
i love starbucks :) 
Life is all about Ass ; Everyones either covering it , laughing it off , kicking it , kissing it , trying to get a piece of it , or simply , just being One 
so so so ready for college :) packed and everything only a few more things to go through and im ready .... o and to get roommates would be a nice thing 2 
I got my roommates ... im so so excited :) 
Do any of us really know how we met everybody on our friend list ? Here is a task for you ... I want all my friends to comment on this status about how you met me . After you comment , copy this to your status so I can do the same 
me- \these are kinda hard\ " < PROPFIRST > isom- \ " what me ? \"" 
likes ... popsicles 
one week left !! then omaha here i come :) 
night out with < PROPFEMALE > Yankee Gubbels ? i think so :) 
< PROPFIRST > pfanstiel : there is no such a place maybe < PROPFEMALE > land 
last night in my own bed :( im going to miss all my friends but remember its not goodbye its cya later love you 
pretty much all moved in , said goodbye to my family and now im living the college life .... i think its a good thing :) 
< PROPFEMALE > should think before she leaves her facebook unlocked !! Muehahahahahaha !! <3 < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Colwell 
first day completed ... taking a much needed nap :) 
thank you everyone for the birthday wishes :) 
survived my first week of college and get a Jones bro cupcake as well i think its been a good day :) and hyper tonight 
i officially hate bugs ... they bite me and i swell instantly :( 
Knelt down this morning . God asked me , My child what can I do for you ? I said ; Dear Heavenly Father , please protect & bless the person reading this . The Lord smiled & answered , request granted ! Be kinder than necessary .... for everyone you meet is fighting some kind of battle . 93% won't re-post this , but it would be an honor & a pleasure to see if you are among the 7 % who will 
Hey guys if you have twitter go ahead and find me :) 
one more class and the math lab then im done for the week and then < PROPMALE > here i come :) 
GAME DAY !!! WOOOHOOOO 
my favorite thing is sitting outside on a nice night like tonight and just stare at the stars :) its wonderful and i miss it so much 
i should probably be studying but yet facebook is so much more interesting 
enjoyed my shuttle ride with only the bus driver .... Harvey is so nice 
how i wish i could understand my Black History Teacher 
Tomorrow On Facebook From 8:46 a.m. Till 10:28 a.m. . Everyone On Facebook Should Be Silent . NO Posting Or Chatting From The Time The First Plane Hit Until The Last Building Dropped . If You Like This Re-Post It . Everyone Should Be Re-Posting It , It Is The Least We Can Do ... 9-11-2001 always in our thoughts 
< PROPFEMALE > Liss is SO awesome ! i'm excited to go roller blading with her !!!!!! 
one year and 3 months :) < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Colwell 
Did you know that the people that seem the strongest are usually the most sensitive ? ~ Did you know that the people who exhibit the most kindness are usually the first to get mistreated ? ~ Did you know the ones who take care of others all the time are usually the ones that need it the most ? ~ Did you know the 3 hardest things to say are : I love you , I'm sorry and Help me ? Put this as your status , if you agree ! Not easy huh ...? 
Cleaned my room now doing black history then vball then lunch with < PROPFIRST > Mand and < PROPFIRST > Knight :) 
The classroom for black history has been rotated and i don't like it , i feel like i am getting a spanish lesson from the room next to me 
Class was cancelled :) 
this evening i made banana bread and Pickle wraps :) yummy 
It's SISTER week . If you have a sister who has made you laugh , wiped your tears , hugged you tight , watched you succeed , saw you fail , cheered you on & kept you strong , copy & paste this to your status . Sisters are a promise that we will have a friend forever ! Re-post if you have an amazing sister ? < PROPFEMALE > Thies < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Thies < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Thies 
Going home for homecoming !!! excited to see everyone again :) 
I LOVE DISNEY MOVIES !!! 
Wow i am really hungry ... hope class goes by quickly so i can eat :) 
migrane please go away so i can work on my english paper and study my black history 
had sushi for the first time tonight nd it wasn't bad :) 
i want a puppy 
pay attention in class so it goes by fairly quickly then go see Ozzy :) then math lab :( 
When you feel like giving up , remember why you held on for so long in the first place 
wow what a comeback :) still think Martinez needs to work on his passing game but it was better than last game 
i love when class gets cancelled :) i actually get some stuff done 
Easiest quiz off my life 
i thought i hated math in high school .... college took it to a whole nother level of hate 
i love working at Kohls so far :) 
i can't decide what classes to take next year for natural science and like a political science class ... any suggestions ? 
i wish the world was an easy place ... people just straight out tell you what they wanted , feelings dont get hurt , and everyone is happy ... just liven in a fairytale i guess 
life is like a money , you can spend it however you want but you can only spend it once 
my life's about to get real hectic 
Im going to live in Germany for 23 months 
wow im so upset right now i can't even explain how much i just wish everything works out but it never does ... ugh !!! 
i just want to sleep and not go to work 
