My goal for this next year is be the person my dogs think that I am . \ 
\ 
Hope you all have a wonderfully happy new year that lasts the whole year through . Love you all , Happy New Years Everyone ... 

What a great way to start the new year . Stayed in and < PROPMALE > out with family watching the Pitbulls and Parolee's marathon . Good day today ... 
Hey all , < PROPMALE>'s < PROPFEMALE > is up and running complete with his contact info . Send him a line 
Who knew that forgetting the new pencil sharpener was the end of the world for a 2nd grader ? 
I am grateful for all of the blessings in my life , a warm home to live in , a family to love , incredible friends that have helped me to become the person I am , a meal to share with loved ones and the knowledge of how incredibly lucky I am . Happy Thanksgiving Everyone . 
I'm loving my little psycho dog . 
CHAMPIONSHIPS HERE WE COME !!! 
Homeless go without eating . Elderly go without medicine . Mentally ill go without treatment . Troops go without proper equipment . Veterans go without benefits that were promised to them !!! Yet we give millions of $ in tax breaks to the wealthiest 1% of Americans -- those who need it ...... least !. Only 1% of Facebook users will re-post this message . I know I'm in the 1% , what about you 
Scooby dooby doo . 
Your car is Japanese . Your beer is < PROPMALE > . Your wine is Spanish . Your democracy is Greek . Your coffee is Colombian . Your tea is Chinese . Your watch is Swiss . Your fashion is French . Your shirt is Indian . Your shoes are Thai . Your radio is Korean . Yourvodka is Russian . Should you complain your neighbor is an immigrant ? Copy if you are against Racism , DREAM Act NOW !! 
Feels like she has been hit by a bus . Yuck ! 
Feels Great ! Still confused how someone can vomit for 3 days when they havent touched a bit of food and only a few sips of gatorade . 
Feeling nervous about blood work at the Willamette Valley Cancer Center tomorrow . Please no leukemia , please be all good . Scary shit . 
Damn a shootout just a few blocks from me . Cops all over the place . 
So went to the Cancer center today and am being checked for Chronic myelogenous leukemia . They took 8000 tons of blood and have to test me for genetic and chromosone markers . Yuck . Hopefully next week I wont have to do the bone marrow test . Wish me luck . 
If your dad is your hero , your bestfriend , or just the best dad ever ; if you are blessed to still have your dad or if he is an angel in heaven let everyone know you that you love him dearly . You can replace a lot of people in life , but you only have one dad . \ 
Hey I had to change it up cuz I dont have one of those mom things everyone talks about , but I did have the best damn daddy ever . Love you dad , RIP . 
God saw you getting tired and a cure was not to be . So he put his arms around you and whispered come with me . With tearful eyes we watched and saw you pass away although we love you dearly we could not make you stay . A < PROPFEMALE > heart stopped beating , hard working hands at rest , God broke our hearts to prove to us , he only takes the best . Put as your status if there is someone in Heaven you will miss this Christmas ... 
Illegal Immigration is not a new problem . Natives use to call it white people 
Watching the lunar eclipse with my birds . Pretty dang cool . 
So went to the blood doc yesterday and he doesnt think it is leukemia , but could be either polycythemia , or chronic ideopathic myelofibrosis . Or I could be pregnant . Lol . That would be a christmas miracle of huge proportions since I had a total hysterectomy in 2004 . 
Ok need some help deciding on a game system . Wii or Xbox 360 with Konnect ? Anyone have an opinion ? 
OMG . My nephew/son and wife are having a baby today !!!! 
Baby's here ! 8lbs , 1 oz little girl born at 9:20 . Im so proud 
To All Animal Lovers Out There , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ANIMAL HOSPITAL is going to put a dog down because the owners only have $200 of an $1100 < PROPMALE > . Boycotting that place . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas , Happy Holidays to everyone . I hope today is magical for everyone and that < PROPFEMALE > brought you whatever you needed and wanted . 
Had an amazing Christmas with family and friends ... Hope everyone's day was as nice as mine was . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas Everyone ... 
Hey anybody know of someone who wants a little shar < PROPFEMALE > puppy around 4 months old ? My nephew found him and his owners havent come forward . 
Oh boy , already having anxiety about this term at school . Business law , payroll accounting and cultural anthropology . Thank god its all online and I can work at midnight if need be . 
Ha I love being done with my homework the first day . Now I have all week to get ready for week 2 . 
Please send out prayers and good thoughts to Jia and her family . Her dad is in ICU right now . We love you guys 
Today is going to be a good day . < PROPMALE > Marley in the car , Oregon Ducks Game on the TV tonight and family in town to visit . Lucky me . 
Now there is some talk about Auburn losing their title because of Cam < PROPMALE>'s dad being at the game and breaking more rules . Oh boy 
I wonder why a teacher chooses to teach and then refuses to actually \teach \"?" 
Whew . Done with Business Law midterm and passed it with flying colors . Our ability to memorize so much stuff still boggles me , but I love it . 
I love old books . Just got some from an estate sale . A < PROPMALE > Bible from 1892 , Music books from 1842 and a HUGE book of poetry from 1906 and many more . You can almost smell the history in those pages . 
ARRGGHHHHH !!!!! 
Your car is < PROPMALE > . Your vodka is Russian . Your pizza is Italian . Your kebab is Turkish . Your democracy is Greek . Your coffee is Colombian . Your movies are American . Your tea is Tamil . Your oil is Saudi Arabian . Your electronics are Chinese . Your < PROPFIRST > are Arabic , your letters Latin ... And you complain that your neighbor is an immigrant ???? What a shame !!! Copy n paste it on your wall if you're against racism .... 
Thank you to all my wonderful friends and family . I had a great day today and am feeling so blessed . :) 
I loooooove my little doggies . Lol , always a laugh . 
Fever of 102.3 , stuffy and runny nose , head about to explode . Lucky me , I HATE GETTING SICK !!!! 
Anyone know of a relatively cheap washing machine repairman that works on frontloaders ? 
First the washer breaks and then the refridgerator ? WTF . Thank god it's only $250 to fix both of them . 
Experiencing some serious boob envy after seeing some incredible ones last night . Fun night with some good friends . You guys made my day . 
Hell yes another 4.0 ! Thank god its over for 2 weeks though , my brain needs a break . 
Gotta love parrots . Singing a song to the birds only to have them tell you to shut the f@&k up . Lol , living the good life 
I hate my stomach . If I feed it , it hurts , if I dont it hurts . WTH 
I'm on the deans list , lol . Yay !!! 
