WOOT OHIO STATE JUST WON !!!!!! * Dances around the room * 

Is sitting in her Master's class wondering if her topic is do able . Hm .... 
Happy Father's Day to all the dad's . I miss mine . 
Is getting new glasses !!!! 
Happy 4th of July ! :) 
I got my new glasses !!!!! 
Arg having trouble writing more of this thesis ........ 
Not ready to turn in that rough draft of that thesis . Its not ready !! Its below my standards !!! GRRR !!! 
Long week .......... when will it end ? 
Went to Lake < PROPFEMALE > today . Had fun !! :) 
Happy Birthday to me . Okay so its on the 2nd of Sept I won't be here to wish to myself online so I will now . :P 
Thank you all for the Birthday wishes . I had a great one . :) 
Is so upset . Teaching was a passion for me . I have wanted to do it since anyone can remember ( 3 or 4 year old people ) and now its being taken away . :( 
RIP < PROPFIRST > Swayze . :( Nobody puts Baby in the corner . 
Time to stop taking quzzies off to bed ! 
If you want me to make you a scarf please go to my notes and see where I posted free scarf ! You have less than a month to do so ! 
Pulling my hair out writing my propsal . : X 
Last < PROPMALE > to order your scarf . Go to my notes to order one . You have until Nov 3 . 
Happy Halloween ! Have a fun and safe night ! 
Has just finished one scarf working on another one . 
So ready for a nap ... oh wait bed time !!! 
I wish I were a better writer . I don't have a clue how I'm going to write this thesis ...... yeah I suck ! 
3 scarves done !!! WOOT !!! 
Really I should go to sleep but I can't .... hmmmm .... 
What weather we have . And I have to say there are days I love it and days I don't . And Oh < PROPFIRST > you need to check your email !!! 
Is really sick !!! BOOO !! 
And the tree is up . Lets see here all long it will take for us to have 3 cats in a tree . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to everyone ! :D 
Just wrote my year in review . It is posted on myspace and live journal . If you want to read it let me know . 
Happy New Years Everyone ! 
Happy New Years and have a safe one ! 
There are days I really hate banks . Today is one of them . So glad I'm going to be paying my rent late . NOT !!!! 
I learned something tonight . Death Valley has schools !!!! 
tan 
Here I go again with the spells of vitergo . Not cool !! 
I danced with a monster at the dinner table because I'm cool like that . 
Please put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who has AUTISM . My wish for 2010 is that people will understand autism is not a disease ; people with autism are not looking for a cure but for ACCEPTANCE ...... 93% won't Copy and Paste this , will YOU make this your status for at least one hour 
I think its time for a nap .... oh wait bedtime is more like it .... :P 
The better team won today but BOO to the Jets for winning . 
For the first time I am really upset with a friend . We shall see if we can work this out . 
Now that I have figured out the whole \Pants on the ground\ " thing .... yeah I just found out I need to watch more American Idol tryouts . " 
WOOT I FOUND ONE OF MY FRIENDS !!!!! YES !!! 
The two best teams are in the super bowl . Saints and Colts !! Okay the Chargers should been there but that's okay !!! :) Go Saints in two weeks ! 
If you and I woke up in jail together ... USING ONLY FOUR WORDS ... what would you say to me ??? ( if you comment you have to copy and paste to your status to see what funny things your friends say !.. fair is fair ) 
Go to Urbandictionary.com and look up your first name . Then copy and paste this in your status and share what it says about your name in the first comment . 
Way to go Saints !!! WOOT !! PARTY !!!!! 
I don't like the new facebook lifts at all . They are stupid !!! 
Two things to say I will be going to Comic Con in July and seeing Daughtery in April !!! WOOT !!! 
I love Patti : \I can never remember my assword\ " I couldn't help myself that was too funny !! " 
Is it nap time yet ? 
Intersting fact that made me laugh : < PROPFEMALE > County in Northern California is shaped like a gun , pointing at the state of < PROPFEMALE > . 
Rumors rumors ... I do hope this one isn't true ! 
Happy St. < PROPFIRST>'s Day ! 
So very tried . I do believe its naptime I mean bed time . :) 
Happy Easter or Passover . :) 
According to my horescope : \You'll be walking right in step with your friends today -- and everyone is smiling . There will be a strong connection between you and a surprising someone today . \ " To bad that's not what I think with some of my so called friends . " 
Doesn't feel very good and nearly brunt down her apt ..... Me thinks I need to clean my oven !!! HEHEH !!! 
In loving memory of every cancer patient , family and friends who have lost their battle with cancer , and of the ones who continue to conquer it ! Put this on your < PROPFEMALE > if you know someone who has or had cancer . Many won't copy and paste this . I did . Will you ? April is cancer month . 
Still don't feel well . This sucks ! 
IT'S SISTER WEEK !!!!! If you have a SISTER or SISTERS who make your life interesting and fun , is a blessing in your life and generally makes life worth living by being around , copy and paste this to your status ... I ? My Sister !!! 
Well I will be leaving < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > college and taking my master's thesis with me . I'm attending a different College . 
< PROPFEMALE > and I just met cavo ! How cool !!!!! 
Happy Mother's Day to all the Mom's out there . :) Huge hugs from me . :) 
While you SCREAM at your woman , there's a manwishing he could talk softly to her ear ... While you HUMILIATE , OFFENDand INSULT her , there's a man flirting with her and reminding her how wonderful she is . While you HURT your woman , there's a man wishing he could make love to her . While you make your women CRY there'sa man stealing smiles from her ... Post this on your wall if you're against Domestic Violence . 
Is watching Precious 
Starts school tomorrow at a new uni . YAY problem though is I don't have the book yet ... that's going to be a problem 
I just posted a video I think is intersting and probably you will find it intersting as well . 
pledge allegiance to the Flag of the UnitedStates of < PROPFEMALE > , and to the Republic for which it stands , one nation under GOD , indivisible , with < PROPFEMALE > and Justice for all . REPOST IF YOU THINK OUR COUNTRY AND OUR FLAG DESERVE RESPECT ! LETS SEE HOW MANY AMERICANS WILL REPOST . 
Waiting for Lost ..... Don't ruin it !!! 
Wow I can't believe it ... it's been a year since my dad died . It stills feels so unreal . Miss him greatly I don't think I can get over that void . 
I'm without internet !!! BOOO !!!!! If you need me , which I'm sure you all won't , just text or call my cell . < PROPFEMALE > is taking care of my farm !! Love you all < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Happy Memorial Day ! To all our men and women who have lost their lives for this country I slute you and your families . To those who are fighting for us I alos slute you . 
I'm going to bed . I am so tried . :D 
I give up !!!! 
YAY CELTICS !!!!!!!!! GO BOSTON !!!!! 
Out of Character for me especially for anyone who knows me : My mom was diagnosed with Breast Cancer in 1991 . We have had some scares between than and now . However , on a rountine breast mamogram they found something last month . Her doc wanted them to look again and they did but they wanted to do a bisopy last week . Today we find out its cancer . Here we go again ......... 
Let's go USA Lets go !!!! And btw please score some goals on England !!!! 
Well going with mom to her apt today . Here to hope . :) 
Good news : noninvaous cancer aka means they found it earlier than they did back in 1991 . Bad news : surgery is required . :S Here we go again 1991 . Okay give me a break on spell . 
Let me clear something up : back in 1991 my mom had to options on surgerys . These same two options are back on the table . Only this time around its 2010 . I'm not trying to be dramic here or anything its just these two options are what I'm referring too . 
GRRR FB YOU WON'T LET ME DO ANYTHING !!!! 
Has gone country ! At a country throwdown concert in Bakersfield . 
Happy Father's Day to all the fathers including mine ! And off to Disneyland for my mom's birthday . :) 
Sitting with my mom waiting for her MRI . Than next Monday we find out what kind of surgery she will have . 
Off to go see Backstreet Boys . Okay more like seeing a guilty pleasure !! 
Writing my paper for my class ..... I'm getting there slowly to bad its due tomorrow . GRRR > 
Today is the day we find out what kind of surgery Mom is having . :S 
Sorry I haven't updated : mom will b having a lumpmectomoy ( can't spell that ) . Her surgery is July 14th . 
Well off to Northern Cali tomorrow for 4th of the July fun with family friends . :) Happy 4th of July to every one of my US friends ! 
Had a lot of fun in Aurburn Cali with a dog and her squril friends ! Oh yeah there is a story there . 
The biggest shock just happened : I got an A in my first course at Ashford Uni . WOOT !!!! In a Master's class !!! 
Yes I did feel the 5.4 earthquake . :) 
From Twitter : ZodiacFacts #ZodiacFacts #Virgos are not shy in giving you their time or energy , but they are also not so shy in point out your faults . 
If you have a best friend that will drop everything for you , be there for you through thick and thin , love you unconditionally even with all your faults and be the first one there to pick you up when you fall and give you a much needed dose of reality or a swift kick in the bum if necessary , then ... copy and post this ... to your status . You know who you are . : 
Congrats to Spain . :) 
In memory of every cancer patient , family member , and friend who has lost their battle with cancer and those who continue to conquer it ! Put this up for 1 hour if you know someone who has or had cancer . Many won't copy and paste . I did . Will you ? my heart goes out to all those that are still fighting cancer , and my love will always be with the ones ive lost to cancer , may they rest in peace ? 
Tomorrow is my mom's surgery we will let you know what's going on . If you need me text or call my cell . Talk to you all soon ! 
My mom went into sugery 20 mins ago . 
My mom just got of sugery everything looks good . We will know more on Monday ! 
So ready to crash after all that happened today !!! NIGHT !!! 
What a wonderfulshow mother nature !!! Love the smell of the rain here !!! Could live without the muggy , sticky , and hot part ( all of them together spereate it's okay but together not so much ) . 
Theysaya true friend can go long periods of time without speaking andneverquestion their friendship . These types of friends pick up likethey just spoke yesterday , regardless of how long it has been or howfar away they live . REPOST if you are lucky enough to have at least one 
I need to update the pics I have ..... homework takes over everything though .... I will do it soon I do promirse !!! 
Going to Mom's doc appt . 
Well we have good news for right now : Mom surgery went well they got everything and everything looks clean . Sorry < PROPFEMALE > I didn't text message you I was the driver . 
Off to San < PROPMALE > for fun , family and Comic Con !!! See you all on Friday sometime !!! 
Yay comic con !!!! Funny people are running around here .... wait I am one of those funny people ... oh well !!! 
Had a blast !! Can't wait until next year !!! 
Back !! 
Happy birthday daddy !! 
I finally get to put up pictures from things !!! WOOT !!! You will have to wait until after dinner . 
So I got my grade back from my last class and here I thought I had failed and be set back and to my surprise I got a B !!! I will take the B . WOOT !!! 
Is it nap time ??? 
YAY we finally have my dad's headstone !!!! Its only a year late but oh well . :) 
Happy Birthday to me !!!! 
Thank you to everyone for the birthday wish . :) 
From Twitter : Whoever becomes friends with #Virgos learns early that they expect loyalty . 
Is waiting in a line to see apocalyptica !!!!! 
Do you want a free scarf ? Go to my notes to learn how to get one . :D 
Waiting to be let in for the UPROAR conert/festival 
Did I mention I got an A in my last class ??? Oh yeah !!! 2 A's and B is pretty damn good for me !!!!! 
Starting to work on the scaves . If you want one go to my notes and put your order in . :) 
I'm starting to get done with some scaves so check your emails or junk mails please !!! 
The worst news my uncle just died . :( . A year after his younger brother ( my father ) . :( 
Question to anyone who can do this in the Ridgecrest area : I need help with a tie that I can't tie . Please and thank you ! 
Happy Halloween !!!! Have a safe one everyone ! 
Congrats to the Gaints !!! 
I'm sorry I didn't like any of the Candiates for Governor . But I didn't want Brown because of the fact < PROPFIRST > Manson is still alive right along with some of his followers . They are living a very nice life in a jail cell . 
< PROPMALE > Browns beat New England . HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA btw it was by 20 points ...... HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA 
Woot !! Got another A that means I have 3 A's and a B !!!! Did I mention I'm part of an honor scoicty ? HA !!!! Finally someone wants to celebrate my grades ! 
Before I forget and I know its late but still Happy Veteran's Day to all thoes who have served or are currently serving . 
Happy Thanksgiving to all my American friends . :) 
I changed my profile picture to a cartoon character from childhood . Invite your friends to do the same . Until Monday , there should be no human faces on FB , just a stash of memories . This is for a campaign against violence on children . 
A teacher somewhere in your neighborhood tonight is preparing lessons to teach your children while you are watching television . In the minute it takes you to read this , teachers all over the world are sacrificing their own time and more often than not investing their own money for ... your child's literacy , prosperity , ... and ... future . Re-post if you are a teacher , love a teacher , or appreciate a teacher ? 
Doesn't feel good . BOO !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all that celebrate it and those who do not I wish you and yours a Happy Holidays !!! 
Did I mention I got a B in my last class ? Oh I didn't!! Well I did ! I have 3 a's and 2 b's!!! YAY !!! 
Is watching one of the best movies The Sound of Music !! Love that movie ! 
Had fun playing monopoly with mom and < PROPFEMALE > tonight !!! 
YAY I updated on Live Journal and Myspace !!! Go Me ! 
To everyone who is calling for stricter gun laws in light of the tragedy in Tucson , may I offer this little tidbit : If guns kill people , then pencils misspell words , cars drive drunk , and spoons make people fat . Remember : Hold the person accountable for their actions , not the means they chose to utilize !!! Repost if you agree .... 
Can't sleep ..... :/ 
COPY THIS TO YOUR STATUS AND SEE WHAT PEOPLE RATE YOU . | 1 . Violent | 2 . I`d Marry You | 3 . Sweet | 4 . Beautiful | 5 . Talkative | 6 . Hilarious | 7 . Blonde | 8 . Funny | 9 . Fun | 10 . Perfect | 11 . You`re The Best | 12 . Miss You | 13 . Crazy | 14 . Random | 15 . I Love You 
Asking if everyone could please put this as your status for one hour if you or someone you love has or had cancer . My prayer is that in 2011 a cure will be found . Will you post it for just one hour ? Do it for all of us ! For the many family and friends lost to cancer and for those battling now . 
Cousins are the first friends most people ever have as children . No one will ever understand your crazy family like your cousins . Even if you haven't talked much lately ... Re-post if you have some of the best cousins in the world !! 
I AM A HANDFUL - Unfortunately most women WON'T re-post this . I'm strong willed , independent , a bit outspoken , and I tell it like it is . I make mistakes , I am sometimes out of control and at times hard to handle but I love and give with all my heart . If you can't handle me at my worst then you sure don't deserve me at my best . 
For my fellow dyslexics : AOCDRNDICG TO RSCHEEARCH AT CMABRIGDE UINERVTISY , IT DSENO'T MTAETR WAHT OERDR THE LTTERES IN A WROD ARE , THE OLNY IPROAMTNT TIHNG IS TAHT THE FRSIT AND LSAT LTTEER BE IN THE RGHIT PCLAE . TIHS IS BCUSEAE THE HUAMN MNID DEOS NOT RAED ERVEY LTETER BY ISTLEF , BUT THE WROD AS A WLOHE . IF YOU CAN RAED TIHS , PSOT IT TO YUOR WLAL . OLNY 55% OF PLEPOE CAN 
Night 
I need a walking < PROPMALE > !!! 
Do any of us really know everybody on our Facebook friend list ? Here's a task for you . I want all my FB friends to comment on this status about how you met me . After you comment , copy this to your status so I can do the same . You will be amazed at the results you get in 12 hours ? 
New spelling of my last name thanks to Barns & Noble : Zicike ..... O.o and HAHAHAHAHAHA 
And say good bye to the < PROPFEMALE > Rio we use to own . It was sold tonight . 
WOOT PACKERS !!!!!! 
??????????????? ????? ??????????????? \ 
? If you miss someone that's in heaven , put this as your status !? \ 
??????????????? ???????? = = = = = = = = = = = = 
? If you have an amazing sister , put this as your status . ? 
< PROPFEMALE > 
Intersting how some of my comments have been deleted ........ 
Happy < PROPFIRST>'s day ! 
Just applied for graudation .... :D ( for some reason my post disappeared ) 
YAY !!! MY internet works again !!! :D 
Put a picture of your pet or an animal you adore as your profile picture . The idea is to have no human images on Facebook until February 28 so as to cooperate with the campaign against animal cruelty . If you're against animal cruelty , copy and paste this message in your status . 
Christian Bale won !!!! HAHAHAHAHAHAHAH 
Breaking News : The Pity Train has just derailed at the intersection of Suck It Up & Move On and crashed into We All Have Problems before coming to a complete stop at Get the Heck Over It . Any complaints about how we operate can be forwarded to 1-800- wha-aaah with Dr. Snivel . Reporting LIVE from Quitchur Whinnin ' ........ If you like this , repost to your status . :-) 
