Really just want to go to the Mall today . 

Lol . My mom thought good morning was one word . Wats up with her . 
What has this world come to the ice cream man got arrested ! 
Im being over worked and under payed this is some bs ! 
WHY < PROPFIRST > !!!!! 
CANT WAIT FOR THE BEST GOLF TOURNAMENT OF THIS SUMMER ON TUESDAY !! AND I MIGHT PLAY BASEBALL FOR MAYS ! 
So i will let u know wat place i get hopefully first just one thing im goin to need a dance lol . 
In my moms club chilin thinkin bout playin cymbals this year ! wat do yal think ? 
BORDOM ! 
Trying to get fye with this AT stuff . 
Today is going to be a good day(tax free weekend !! ) ... bout to go cut da check at cumberland mal ! 
Wondering how am im goin to change in to this year ? Am im going to be good , bad , unlucky , popular , laid back , kind . Hopefully its 4 da best Mays High til I die . 
Its been a good first week better then expected . Last week with my bro though , now there bought about to be gone . LIfe is going by so quickly . 
Im so amp now ready for the game !!! Parade was sick ! We crushed Carver . Cant wait to bust some heads ! 
Its just goin to be third week and i am already stressed out with all this work . Teachers just dont understand . 
I feel the worlds is just is waiting for me to do something great !!! Everyday feels better then the last . This is my life and I love it ! 
Dang I hope what they said was not totaly true . I want htis to be better then the last . 
Feelin a whole better things have turned out pretty good . Livin the good life is wassup ! 
Glad 4 everythig GOD has given I really apperciate it . Im just takin him 4 my friends and family and my girl love yal . 
Im so ready to get my new phone this week . Finally no more loneliness . 
Im about to go see Final Destination with Jakima . 
Oh Yeah we beat White Water again . This year we goin Ham . lol .. 
WAT A NIGHT IT WAS ! DANCES ALL AROUND , GIRLS GOIN WILD , IMA REMEMBER THIS ONE FOREVER ! HAPPY BELATED BIRTHDAY TYE !!! 
Dang these pictures are wild . I guess the rumors about me are true . FREAK TO THE FULLEST !! BUT She likes it so not goin to worry . 
Just watched an inspirational video called \Death Crawl\ " on Youtube . Its making me want to change . Just watch it you will see . " 
If this girl want it , she is goin to get . NICE AND SLOW !!! lol 
This really sucks !!! Im at home and there is kno power so I cant do anything . It was even hard to use the restroom because I couldnt see anything lol . 
No skool tommorow again . Yes !! This time me and her r goin all the way . lol 
We might have skool , but tht doesnt change the fact that she is goin to get it . lol !!! 
This week just gets better and better . Goin to a party this weekend , and the TSU game . I hope day win . If my girl is at this party its goin to get even freakier this time . lol I thank GOD for his blessings and Tiger is definetely win this weekend . 
Love the things you have while you can . Happy B-day < PROPFEMALE > and Mrs. Mitchell . 
Today Feels good . I got a new phone and things are going to be cool with me in the girl . 
Im at the club kickin it with my moms right now . Ready to go home but tommorow me and Trae are goin insane for twin day . 
Why do teachers end up giving projects all in the same week ? Its like they just want us to be tired and upset . 
Two souls with but a single thought , two hearts that beat as one . I love her and that’s the beginning of everything . 
I am who I am . Nothing more , nothing less . If you don't want the real me then whats the point 
3 , 2 , 1 , Blast Off You Bastards ! Spaceship doors , my garage is NASA ! Hedgehog game I am much faster . You are a lizard , I am A Raptor ! 
“Never under any circumstances take a sleeping pill and a laxative on the same night” 
U think I care that u dont care . Somtin is really wrong with u guy . 
( yawnnn ) Just getting up about to hit Cumberland up for Black Friday . Me and my bro are going to be there all day , so if you there let me kno . 
My back hurts so bad . Can barely walk . Definetely not goin to school today . 
Please ! Let us finally to be able to meet . Its been 5 long years since I have ever seen her beautifulness . Longing for her since the begginning of time . Let this happen GOD ! 
Moms want me to still eat this leftover ham . Somebody PLEASE feed me ! 
What is there to do today ? Ready for our break to start ? 
Man I feakin hate them people who work at the Marathon ( gas station ) . Didnt even give me my change back when I asked for it . If it wasnt for the real Marathon ( Atlantas Best .. ) I would blow that bitch up . 
It really sucks to be sick . I want to enjoy my last weeks of school . 
Figure 8 was lame ass hell tonite . Skeptical about going there any time soon . 
Its been sometime since Ive been on , but now Im ready for the new adventures to come . 
What happened to the snow ??? 
I love my family .. Just took my brother back to Tuskegee . 
Who dat said they going to beat them SAINTS !!! 
Im finally ready to get off my ass and get to business . 
Wounded but never defeated .. 
Urban Dictionary Person- < PROPMALE > An awesomely cool guy that seems to attract alot of good friends . a very nice person to be around , and is not afraid tobe himself . < PROPMALE>'s tend to be out going , a little cheeky , and they are always smiling . Almost like a < PROPFEMALE > retriever ! They are very hard to tick off , and when they do get mad , they are quick to get over them selves . 
MAYS HIGH AINT PLAYIN NO MORE !! WE GOING TO THE SHIP AND BRING THE TROPHY BACK HOME !! 
Well its finally came , and feelin 16 already . Thanks for the birthday wishes and yal have a blessed day ! 
Boys golf team won against North Atlanta . Also we are going to take down Lithia Springs tommorow !!! 
Got a lot of things I need to improe on . You should really start to focus on your life if you haven't been . 
Oreo ... Milk's favorite cookie . I disagree 
Whew !!! The ball was insane ! 
< PROPMALE > jeter 
Strike One ! My dog eats my project for Dr. Kalisa . Strike Two ! Dog eats my Subway sandwich . Strike 3 ! This dog isn't going to see tommorow if he gets strike 3 . 
< PROPFIRST > Mims 
Wat is there to say ... 
Had a great time with < PROPFEMALE > Lowe today . Couldnt imagine it to be any better . 
Just took a step into another direction . And this time it feels right . 
Iron Man 2 was amazing . 
Today was a wonderful day . My mom said life is full of ups and downs , so what matters is what you do what the in betweens . 
I just updated my facebook news feed feed from an iPad ! 
How much will I improve this summer ? 
Whats going on for this weekend ? 
Im going to be the best . 
Its funny when people believe their words will affect my life . 
This mini-college thing is boring at the moment ; cant wait til we go on are tour of GSU . 
DiGiorno pizza is the shxt ! 
i think im fallin for her ... 
I am getting baptized this Sunday ! 
Lakers aint playin with these boys tonight . 
Game on point . On and off the course . 
Can't keep her off my mind . 
It feels great to wake up today . 
R . I . P < PROPFIRST > >,< he deserves all the love from everyone . Didnt reaaly kno him but he was always a Raider to the fullest . 
I admit i was wrong and i want you to be my dream girl Shunta ArrogantChick Wright . 
If I truly give this my best Im going to find her heart . 
< PROPFIRST > M . Blaze , I want to play you . 
So wanting to spend some time with you , but I got a tournament tommorow .. Smh 
Tryna be clear and move forward . 
These damn animals think they run this house jumpin on the counter for food and tearing up my shoes . Wat hell is goin on ?! 
Man what the hell it aint the 4th of July yet cut that shit out ! 
Life is like a pack of skittles . We all are different colors , but we join to make the rainbows in our lives . 
About to go driving my moms Infiniti . Im so exicited ! 
HMmm is that what it looks like I am doing in profile picture . lol its easy to notice that im bored about now , anyone havin some fun ??? 
Hey Hey Hey its lil < PROPMALE > ! 
Stop poking me < PROPFEMALE > Shoobie Snead for you get it ! 
My dog and cat trying to kill the fly . lol May it R.I.P cuz they are some predators at this . 
Miami are officially unguardable ! plus unstoppable !!! 
My mom said go to bed early . Well I guess its about time to head to sleep about now then ... 
Im wondering wat the week is looking like . I wish I could go to SIx Flags tommorow :-/ ...! 
Its time for me to win this < PROPFEMALE > JuniorPGA tournament tommorow . Yea ! Im in the big leagues now baby !!! 
Im going to put this day in the history books . One of the best days ever ! 
Im about to head to Tennesse for 7 days . Thanks I finally get to go on vacation .. 
finally back its time for peolpe to recognize who the man is at Mays . 
< PROPMALE > year ! I like this feeling baby !!! 
Another day of happy endings and begginings . Lovin where I at now ! Class of 12 is the sugar < PROPFEMALE > ice tea .. 
Too much thinking much more living . No more review mirror but more dashboard . 
Its my dogs 2nd birthday !!! Marathon just for me and him ... 
Finally going to be back with my AVID family . By the way wat do we do in there ??? 
ima be ready to say what I want . 
Who am I ? 
At the < PROPFEMALE > Aquariam . Hit me up .. 
I didnt see my Brii today . We gona have to make that hug last longer tommorow . 
Thats cool dog . Im lookin at me one ( different one then who i was at first ) plus im sittin on the best with ours . 
Cant believe this damn skool wont let me in class cuz i dont have a collared shirt . wtf !!!! HIGHLY PISSED . 
Its about time to get life started . From here on its my way or the highway ... 
Is telling a girl you remind me of my mom when you see one of her pictures a complement or a insult ?? 
Its like I got an undercover love for it . Golf is my thing . 
Its about time to get to it ! I just got yo girlfriend ... 
Wish I could be cakin with my girl right now . 
Today was an asswhopin of aday but enjoyed it with < PROPFIRST > Blaze . 
Them original Raiders won and you kno who im talkin about !!! 
You can stop poking me . 
Been chattin with my girl all nite . This is very nice . 
I will poke you forever ! Shoobie and Tye . 
Im becoming an Internet junkie ! Noo need the sun . 
Relationships ... Try to get one that you know has potential and not just sex ! 
Oh snap !!! Toilet paper running on \E\ " I need some reinforcement . Call Charmin . " 
First time saying this . Its about time to take my black ass to sleep . 
Tommorow is going to be just A Ok ! 
U cant Thank Me Now but wait a few years down the road . Then Go head ... 
Change and Sacrifice will let you be whoever you want . 
Brii So Diverse Parks inspired me to do this .... click like and ill tell u the truth of what i think about u =) .... TRUTH IS . 
Your suppose to learn from the past not re-live it ! 
Why is she so bad .. 
Ladybug Tye < PROPMALE > had the best dinner party ever ! Now its time for the aftrparty .. Deuces 
Tommorow is gona be the first day of true happiness . 
Is being an asshole funny anymore ?? 
Golf superstar in the making .. 
The truth will set you free .. 
FB Game : Tell me something u always wanted to tell me . I'll keep it between us . Post this as a status and see what replies you get ..... INBOX ONLY 
L London Lovee was that goldfish good ?? 
Things need to be solved .. Peace Facebook 
Tonight ended of well . Now time for a 5 hour rest then the day starts .. Facebook makes me stay up too late again ! 
Please can you all stop poking me cuz im not losing this battle .. 
I'm really feelin the things that have been happening .. I love my life ! 
Where are the real people the ones that will be with you forever ? 
Yes sir I surely did win my tournament ! 
Yes sir I made it happen to day . Won my golf tournament 3up and it was cuz of that girl lighting up my day . Thanks < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > . 
I called it Tennesee we up in there ! 
If you ever catch me being lazy please stop me 
There was a blessing in the storm today . 
Why is there a certain way you have to be to be what you want to be ? Where is the freedom in that ? 
Better yet why are their so many people judging you all the time ? 
False friends are like our shadow , keeping close to us while we walk in the * sunshine , * but leaving us when we cross into the * shade . * 
Ha I will never lose at the poke war . Ima < PROPMALE > ! 
Whats up fam somone hit me up 
I need something to do ! 
I wanna be like Tiger Woods . 
I'm back finally things seem to be heading in the right direction . 
The real world is right around the corner are you ready ? 
Was mad < PROPFEMALE > didnt come through but had a good night with - < PROPMALE > Dj'Kiddo Camel , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > , Jessyka < PROPFEMALE>' Thykkness , and < PROPFEMALE > Smith . I love my team ill die for them niggaz . 
PSAT over with bout to enjoy Tacky Day 2010 babi ! 
Had one of the best characters today . My week as been the best ever . 
Change its upon us all . 
You already know who is goin to win this game tomorrow ! Mays High partna !!! 
U got me in a trance . 
Whats up world . 
New name no longer the fox . Now the wolf . Golf < PROPFEMALE > in the making . 
Today was a very peaceful day . Need some more like it . 
- < PROPMALE > Dj'Kiddo Camel , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > , Jessyka < PROPFEMALE>' Thykkness , < PROPFEMALE > Smith , @Whitegirl Pretty , and < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > never get to fightin with < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST>'s auntie . 
Had an amazing time in Florida . It's time get ready for the future . 
World's a changing place . 
Got my swavor back . 
mm Wats the \Why wassup\ " thing . " 
See ya im outie . 
Dr. Smith doesn't care about education . 
Dang . I was just called mean by a little girl . 
Gunning for Captain this year . Golf and Soccer . Ima make it happen 
Riding with my best friend , partna < PROPMALE > , and brother < PROPMALE > . This year is going to be the best . Shout out to L Hollywood , < PROPFEMALE > B . and K.D. 
Time for a < PROPMALE > change . 
Wow . Cant believe I haven't been on here forever . Yal hit me up . 
< PROPFEMALE > your never going to poke me and win . 
O yea falcons ! we still beatin them saints . 
I want to be yours and you mines . 
I love those two girls . < PROPFEMALE > Snead and < PROPFEMALE > Lowe aka my j-lo . What would this world be without yal two ... Nothing 
The one girl who never stops poking urr . Ima poke until my fingers say its enough . 
The funniest thing I've heard today . The more you cry , the less you pee . The less the water < PROPMALE > gone be . 
I wonder how she feels about me . 
Im on a verge of finding her I know it . 
Over my bestfriend Jessyka house and dont want to leave ... why do we have 2 more days of skool left ? 
Why are things so expensive . What happened when having fun use to be cheap or free ? 
What a first . Just saw someone brushing their teeth while pumpng gas and on the phone all at once . 
< PROPFEMALE > M . Lowe you made a < PROPMALE > impact on my life today . 
We need to recruit Cam < PROPMALE > 
Falcons need to sign Cam < PROPMALE > . 
lol . American Idol is killing me slowly on the inside . 
