I love you Zac ... I won't leave no matter what happens 

One More Week <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 
yay ! I's free once again , maybe a little less sane from sittin in segregation for more than a week but hey , who needs that stuff anyways right ? Ha , sanity ...... 
ok , f *** you universe , i know you hate me and i hate you too , but i'm not gonna lay down and take it this time ... i can't , even though i want to ... i have promise to keep ... 
so what do you do when your whole universe is about to run you over like a < PROPMALE > truck , just stand there and take it , fight it , or just get out of the way ? 
i dont have another picture that looks decent ..... 
this is how it works , your young until your not , you love until you don't , you try until you can't , you laugh until you cry , you cry until you laugh , and everyone must breathe until thier dying breath ... 
cause that feature isnt available yet , unless your a hacker 
can anyone tell mr why all my dreams seam to have zombies , peguins , and godzilla in them ? 
my heart says be thankful for what i have , but the rest of me says kill someone for what i dont , the rest of me is winning right now 
sure would be nice if i knew who took my shit ! 
well , i hate to be quoting eminem , but i guess sometimes friends really are just enimies with secret identities 
consensus : my girlfriend wont leave it alone so i have to ask so i can validate one of us , do i have sexy lips ? 
i have found my love of books again . a certain series in paticular , and lucky for me there a many of them , and many more to come 
today will forever be a black day on the history of my life , i losted a true friend today due to ignorance , something i can never take back and i fear i will never forgive myself for .... 
today will forever be a black day on the history of\ 
my life , i lost a true friend today due to ignorance , something i can\ 
never take back and i fear i will never forgive myself for .... 
sweet , now if anyone could message me to tell me who this is so i know not to kill you in the zombie apocalypse .... 
i have a pretty amazing girlfriend , she can actually keep up with me in GoW2 on hardcore , and she doesn't even play shooters 
so I'm watching the A-Team again , and it still rocks . Specialists of the ridiculous , i have missed you over the years , i can only hope you will continue on your journey through pure awesomeness for the new age 
24-karrot gold pinned HDMI cord , i have deeply missed your < PROPFEMALE > 
i wonder how many pounds of force it would take to literally rip someones head off ? 
PET PEDROS !!!!! 
My girlfriend loves me and I love her !! ( face with me on it ) 
even when upset i still just wish to hold her ... 
DAMN YOU FACEBOOK ! does anyone else feel like facebook shows you the posts you don't want to see just to piss you off ? 
i miss certain people , but those ones i do always seem to be out of reach ..... thus is life 
facebook you are a lie , i am told i have 400 friends , in all actuallity i cant fill one hand 
why is it i can watch a movie about a serial killer and feel nothing for the victims but wince when the killer gets stabbed ? 
