Peace out ' 09 ! Hello ' 10 !! 

Well this is a wonderful way to start the new year . 
My army of angels just became one more stronger . 
HERE WE GO STEELERS HERE WE GO !! 
Go Oakland , Kansas City , and Cincy ... I guess . 
Trying to clear the fog in my brain so I can get going on this paper . 
I wanna feel the bomb drop , the earth stop , ' til I'm satisfied . 
Note to self : for the sake of your sanity , finish Adolescence paper * before * Sundays . Physio exams > Adolescence papers . 
Downloading True Blood , finishing up the paper , physio power ! study session . Yup , I've got my priorities straight . 
Finished with the paper ( finally) ! Off to grab dinner and then back to power ! study for the physio exams ! :) 
My boyfriend's a champion , y'all! :) 
RPattz is adorable . OMG . 
A on the practical , B on the lecture exam ! WOOT !! 
The more I watch True Blood , the more I find myself talking in a bad southern accent . 
is ready for the weekend . ( Hopefully I'll get my paper done today since it's slow at work . ) 
has started her paper at least a day earlier than last week . 
Happy Father's Day to the best Daddy ever ! ( Though he's totally never going to read that because my daddy hardly even knows what Facebook is . ) 
I wanna feel the car crash , I wanna feel it capsize . I wanna feel the bomb drop , the earth stop ' til I'm satisfied . I wanna feel the car crash ' cause I'm dyin ' on the inside . I wanna let go and know that I'll be all right . 
A paper a week for a five week course is getting slightly ridiculous . 
A's all around on this weeks physio exams ! Replacing 4 units of D with 4 units of A would be super . :) 
Worst morning ever and it's only 10 . In bed . Eating chocolate . Moping . 
All better after an afternoon nap . I suppose I should be productive now . 
I don't want to take O-Chem ! ( Or Biochem for that matter . ) 
Why , oh why , did RJ have to be traded to the Spurs ??? FML . 
is getting excited about the 2009-10 basketball season ! Five recruits in two months ! 
Dear famous people , Kindly stop dying today . Kthx . Love , < PROPFEMALE > . 
Ugh . So ticked that < PROPFIRST > Harden went before < PROPFIRST > Hill . 
So much to do and not enough time . Is summer school over yet ? 
Ah , Mean Girls . What a perfect way to start off a paper on aggressive adolescent girls . 
has the attention span of a ... ooo ! Shiny !! 
Blech . I don't wanna . 
You think this is hard ? Try living with hepatitis ! That's hard !! 
will not call the douchebag instructor a douchebag in the course evaluation . 
Jacksper's band is really kinda strange , y'all . Also , my head hurts and I want to go home . 
It's good to be home . :) 
I was confused for < PROPFEMALE > at Starbucks this morning . How < PROPFEMALE > turns into < PROPFEMALE > is beyond me , and I enunciate pretty well , too . 
is ready for a girls ' weekend with her mom and < PROPFEMALE > Face ! 
had a good swim with the < PROPFEMALE > Face . :) 
TOTALLY WANTS TO NAME THE NEW DOG < PROPMALE > FOR THE LULZ ! 
hopes to get this paper finished ( or mostly finished ) before True Blood . 
FAIL . 
finished her paper on time only to discover that True Blood is a repeat . 
Last week of session one ! 
Studying for the last physio practical of the summer ! ( Right after I wash these grapes ... ) 
has figured out that she will be in student debt for the rest of her life . Awesome . Some policy somewhere needs to fix this ridiculousness . 
is excited for the first monsoon of the season !! 
is finished with session one ! :) 
Cardiovascular/Perfusion Science could be interesting ( the extra $ 13,000 isn't too shabby either ) . 
Does it still count as < PROPFIRST>'s List if it's summer school ? 
I am never going to get into a professional school because I was stupid five years ago . Fantastic . 
CHANNING FRYE IS COMING HOME TO PHOENIX !!! 
is so excited for < PROPMALE > Potter tonight !! 
< PROPMALE > Potter was so freaking awesome . 
I am way too old to be going to midnight movies . 
If < PROPMALE > Parsons does not win the < PROPFEMALE > for best actor in a comedy series , I am never watching the < PROPFEMALE > s again . 
My dad has named the new dog Enzo after his 1976 Fiat Spider . No , seriously . 
One of the best people I've ever had the pleasure of working with passed away yesterday . :( 
Also ? The < PROPMALE > Roethlisberger stuff is just crap . Did . Not . Happen . And that's only 15% of the Steelers fan in me talking . 
Cyber stalking the parents who's kids you took care of . Always a winning strategy . :/ I swear I'm not a creeper . 
is a stats genius . 
thinks she would really like Pitt's College of Nursing ... 
is heading home this weekend to say good-bye . 
would much rather spend the day in bed . 
absolutely does not want to go to class . The burnout is definitely beginning to settle in . 
Is it the weekend yet ? 
TGIF ! 
just worked out and feels amazing ! 
\Spirit\ " week starts tomorrow . Guess who's asked for my help . Am I still incredibly bitter ? You betcha . " 
I'm sorry I couldn't wear your halo . I'm sorry I couldn't be your angel . I'm sorry I couldn't wear your halo . I'm sorry I couldn't stroke your ego . 
misses her grandad . 
Como la < PROPFEMALE > con tanto amor me diste tu se marchito me marcho hoy yo se perder pero ay como me duele . 
OMG < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > !! < PROPMALE > , too , but OMG < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > !!! 
AAAAAAAHHHHHHHH !!!!!!!! OMG HE'S SPEAKING !!! * pitches tent in front of McKale * 
FML . I turned the alarm clock off instead of hitting snooze and I totally slept through the Lute Olson thing . FAIL . 
I hate this project . It needs to die in a fire . 
ONLY THREE DAYS LEFT OF SUMMER SCHOOL !! 
THE INTERNET'S WORKING AGAIN !!! 
ONLY ONE DAY LEFT ! THANK YOU JESUS ! ( I just need to survive finishing this project ... ) 
I HATE THIS PROJECT ! 
GUESS WHO'S NOT SLEEPING TONIGHT ?!! 
I take that back . I might be able to sleep . 
20 PAGES AND I AM FINISHED !!! 
Y'all , my phone's being retarded again , but we totally got an A on our redesign !! I knew our presentation was going to put us over the top !!! Go team !!! 
Why am I still up ? I should totally be in bed . 
4.0 for the second session !! WOOT !! 
Ugh . This is way too early . There is definitely a SBux run in my immediate future . 
< PROPMALE > Roethlisberger's house is pretty sweet . I totally would not mind living there . 
After living here for two and a half months , nearly all the boxes are finally unpacked . Just need to put the bookshelf together and unload my monstrous DVD collection . 
Nothing like buying new shoes to begin your day . :) 
I might be on channel 13 news tonight giving bitchface to the camera . I'd been there since four in the morning . Don't put a camera in my face and expect me to be sunshine and rainbows . 
Is move in over yet ? 
I'm so done with parents having issues with letting go of their precious baby for the first time . 
Good ol ' Coronado . MIPs before college even starts . 
Note to all : don't rub your knuckle against your sternum ( not even lightly while describing the stimuli ) it hurts . 
Cute British residents at the Nado will certainly make this semester an upgrade . :) 
I love it ! It's like my own version of Cops , only live ! This is why I enjoy my job . :) 
Tuesdays and Thursdays are going to be looooong days . 
My shoes come today ! 
is basking in that new shoe glow ! 
would like to say that she hates stupid old women in Atlanta who have nothing better to do with their time and province directors and chapter advisors , but she & hearts ; ' s her sorority . 
TGI - freaking - F ! 
Stupid British boys coming down here being all cute with their accent and their hair and making me all discombobulated . 
Laundry and reading about social theory . Man , my life is exciting . 
Class , gym , work , and catching up on the loads of reading I have to do ! 
Dear True Blood download , Please hurry up . Love , < PROPFEMALE > . 
Happy Tuesday ! 
is grateful for the loooooooong break that she'll have Thursday . Hopefully it will be productive . 
I should be productive . But I don't wanna . 
randomly got some waaaay old school NSync stuck in her head and she doesn't have a copy . :( 
Sooooo sleepy . 
Hurricane Jimena is finally making herself known . 
Aaaaaaand Hurricane Jimena has left the building . Oh , fickle monsoon weather , never change . 
Only research methods stands between me and the weekend . 
Free for the weekend ! ... Except for the part where I work . And have tons of reading to catch up on . 
My brother is a moron . Ask me how . My father's going to kill him if the Fiat doesn't come home in one piece . Aside from me , the Fiat is his baby . 
I may or may not belt out On My Own while working tonight . Tough to say . 
I'm such a show choir nerd . Can't wait until next week for Glee !! 
< PROPFIRST > GATOS !! 
Had a great night with great friends ! Now it's totally bedtime . 
Laundry and social theory . Oh the joy . 
Cryptic parents , you're not helping me help you by being cryptic . 
is almost all caught up with her reading . 
is ready for the day ! ... Almost . She might need a nap already . 
has no idea what her SOC research question should be . 
THUNDERSTORM !! 
wants to go to Disneyland ! I should've know that doing this report on Disney would spur this yearning . 
So sleepy . 
Gym , lunch , nap ! 
IT NEEDS TO BE NEXT WEDNESDAY NOW ! I NEED MORE GLEE . 
Here we go Steelers , here we go !! ( Football jerseys were so not meant to be worn when it's 90-something and 30-something% humidity . ) 
I still love you , Hines !! 
To going against the grain , going insane , going mad ! 
At the ' Nado . 
Drunk underage residents , never change . 
Shemar Moore is so full of testosterone . I love it . 
Lazy Sunday 
Does anyone else remember when things on MTV were actually entertaining ? 
needs to go workout , but she doesn't particularly wanna . 
Being an adult sucks . 
I was going to watch Dirty Dancing and cry , but it's too close to my bedtime . 
It's a new day and Kanye West is still a douche . 
GLEE ! 
Bedtime for bonzo . 
Working for the weekend . 
Dinner with my < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > !! 
My tummy is very unhappy with the amount of food I ate . :( 
Just did an hour of cardio to make up for the 50 billion calories I consumed last night . 
Dear residents of Coronado , Please behave tonight . It'd be awesome if we could go one weekend where I don't have to call UAPD . Your somewhat-friendly desk assistant , < PROPFEMALE > . 
So tired . Waking up out of stage four sleep sucks . 
I totally do not want to be awake . 
is acquiring episodes of The Cleaner through completely legal means . 
HERE WE GO STEELERS HERE WE GO ! 
What happened , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ? 
Don't blink ' cause I won't be around . 
New Big Bang Theory ! New House ! New Castle ! YAY !! 
Who knew that looking up an address would be so heart wrenching ? 
Almost all my shows are back ! Yay !! 
We find out what happened to Hotch in May tonight ! I hope he's not dead !! 
Other than to make my life difficult , why do all my Wednesday shows need to be on at the same time ? 
Whoever decided that having Glee , Criminal Minds , and SVU on at the same time was a good idea needs to die in a fire . 
My parents need a < PROPMALE > intervention . Anyone else with me on this ? 
Grey's better make me cry because I so need it . 
TGIF 
So what's your evil attitude when you got me spending my time pleasing you . 
Getting my retail therapy on . 
Dear weather , It's nearly October . Triple digits are no longer acceptable . No love , < PROPFEMALE > 
Let's not be embarrassed this week , OK Steelers ? 
Miami and San < PROPMALE > , CBS ? Really ? 
WTF HAPPENED PITTSBURGH ?!! I LEAVE AND YOU'RE UP BY 6 I COME HOME AND YOU'VE LOST BY 3 !!! 
I don't wanna . 
The class that I slept through this morning ? Cancelled !! :D 
LOVES the new < PROPFEMALE > Underwood single . She never fails to produce a song that makes me want to sing along at the top of my lungs . 
This biomedical ethics essay exam is going to end badly . I can tell by my incredible amounts of boredom . 
Kantian deontology sounds a lot like Asimov's Laws of Robotics . 
Dr. Curran made a Twilight/Stephenie Meyer joke ! It was funny . Well , I thought it was funny . 
I'm good . I AM awesome . I'VE TOTALLY GOT THIS ! ... I've got this , right ? Scary bioethics essay exam is scary . 
will not throw up during the super scary biomedical ethics essay exam . 
Super scary biomedical ethics essay exam wasn't so super scary . 
There is still not nearly enough < PROPMALE > time on House . 
MISSING : The month of September . If you have any information regarding its whereabouts , please contact your local authorities . 
Bones , Grey's , and Private Practice . What more does a girl need ? Oh , yeah . Supernatural . 
needs to get back into child care pronto . I went to the grocery store to get milk and I came home wanting a baby . 
needs a Jacksper fix . I knew I shouldn't have deleted that episode of The Cleaner . 
OK , Steelers . A football game is still FOUR quarters . Let's try to play all of them tonight , k ? 
Steelers game , SBux , and Beyond Bread . I'm a happy girl . 
WOOT for remembering that there are four quarters in a football game !! 
At the ' Nado . Would much rather be in bed . 
Ugh . I'd forgotten how much I hate social exchange theory . 
Way too early . 
My sociology professor confused Tupac Shakur with Mustafa Shakur this morning . Although , I'm pretty sure only the athletes in the class and myself caught his slip . 
Being an adult sucks . Can't someone just give me money for being cute ? 
Tummy hurts . :( Curling up in bed to catch up on House , Big Bang , and Supernatural . 
Hopefully I'll find out how I did on the super scary biomedical ethics essay exam tonight . 
Just packed away all the shorts and busted out the denim and sweatshirts ! 
I get to sleep in tomorrow !! 
Sleeping in is fantastic ! 
It's Thursday night ! That means Bones , Grey's , Private Practice , and avoiding social research methods !! Yay ! 
It was such a beautiful day outside that I walked home instead of taking the shuttle . :) 
Note to self : don't go grocery shopping while hungry . 
incredibly full from all the yummy , yummy food at Tucson Meet Yourself . 
Headed to the ' Nado where I for whatever reason agree to work the ridiculous hours that I do . 
I love drunk and indignant . 
I get to go home and go to bed soon ! 
back to the grindstone . 
Two months , one week until graduation ! Aaahhh !!!! 
needs someone to go see Paranomal Activity with her . 
I really hope that TSwift and Taycob are dating just because of the awesomely angry song she'll write post-break up . 
I have a temp of 100.3 which is disconcerting , but I did get a 95% on my super scary biomedical ethics essay exam !! 
Criminal Minds ! Yay !! 
And we've traded Hotch angst for < PROPFIRST > angst . Awesome . Also ? MGG totally needs to do something with his hair . 
Is it Friday at 11:20 yet ? 
Thursday night ritual of Bones , Grey's , and Private Practice !! 
I'm going to try really hard to remind myself that Private Practice is just TV . Because there's no way in hell that an HIV infected kidney would be transplanted into a \healthy\ " patient . ( And the orange Mercy West scrubs are totally fug . ) " 
Going home today !! Can't wait to see my doggies !! ( Maybe my parents , too . ) 
There's no place like home . :) 
At midnight , it's officially official . The < PROPFIRST > \It's Miller Time\ " Miller < PROPFEMALE > has begun . " 
FML . Hot biology < PROPFEMALE > ( remember him ? ) has a Facebook < PROPFEMALE > and apparently a kid . I am such a stalker . 
Bear Down Arizona !! 
All my football teams won this weekend !! 
Blech . 
Attention sports media people everywhere : it is ROETHLISBERGER , NOT < PROPMALE > or Brees who leads the NFL in passing . I believe that means that y'all can get your heads out of < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE>'s ass now . 
I want a pair of Christian Louboutin's before I die . Just an FYI to people everywhere . 
My mom is at a U2/Black Eyed Peas concert . My world , she is blown . 
My tummy hurts . :( Also does anyone know a good , relatively close place to get autoglass repaired ? I have a crack in my windshield . 
Curling up with The Lost Symbol , Pooh Bear , and a fluffy pillow . 
Busy day 
Is WebMail being a douche for anyone else ? I haven't been able to log on since yesterday . 
Mr. Photographer , I think I'm ready for my close up . Make sure you catch me from my good side . 
I can't believe I missed Diva La < PROPFEMALE > AGAIN ! Someone needs to work on better informing me . 
Glee , why are you so awesome ? I died somewhere between \Bust A Move\ " and \ " The Thong Song . \"" 
After a very exciting STEELERS VICTORY , I'm going back to bed because I don't function on less than five hours of sleep . 
One month , three weeks , three days until graduation !! 
Darn it , D2L ! I was going to be productive !! 
Waiting for the windshield repair guy is like waiting for Godot . 
Never mind ! Windshield repair guy is here !! :D 
\The Steelers defense escorted Woodley downfield like they were the secret service and he was the president . \ " LOLOLOLOL " 
Neighbor's alarm clock has been going off forever , and it woke me up around 5 . Ugh . 
Dear tummy , I would like what I put into you to stay there . Mmmkay ? Love , < PROPFEMALE > 
What a day . I'm so glad that crackers have decided not to vacate my tummy . 
IT'S FALL !! IT'S FINALLY FALL !! 
Totally dancing in my chair to the Glee version of \Bust A Move . \ " I have no shame . " 
Jacksper on Criminal Minds !! It's still totally unfair that he makes a prettier girl than I do . 
I suppose I should study for my 413 exam now ... 
Alarm clock , I don't think you understand , I was warm and cozy in my bed . 
Just finished the new < PROPFIRST > Brown book . Very interesting ... I should look in to some of that stuff . 
OMG I GOT PICTURES OF MY SUGAR BEAR !! HE'S A BIG BROTHER ! OMG !!! 
Oh , man . Grey's was kinda intense tonight . And for the record , I would totally wear a diaper for that bad ass tumor . 
Bed time for bonzo . 
is not amused by texts at three in the morning asking if she wants to work in an hour . 
Oh , Lordy . The fun never stops . 
Resting up for yet another fun filled night at work . 
At the ' Nado , seeing more freshman booty than I ever cared to . 
Class tomorrow was canceled ! 
Webmail , I'm officially dumping you . 
Bored , bored , bored . 
A majority of my 487 class thinks that < PROPFEMALE > Swan is a feminist . * shocked ! face , foot ! stomp * 
AHH !!! SUPER SCARY BIOMEDICAL ETHICS ESSAY EXAM PART TWO !! AAAHHH !!! ( My blood pressure is totally off the charts right now , I can tell . ) 
GO CATS !! 
Starting off basketball season with a W ! Nice job , boys !! 
I hate this research methods assignment . 
Who knew that eating dinner while watching Bones would be such a bad idea ? They hardly ever deal with corpses so ... fleshy . 
Happy Friday !! 
FOUR MORE WINS TIL THE < PROPFEMALE > BOWL !! 
V is sufficiently creepy . Awesome . 
And I'm back to having no idea what to do after December 19 . Awesome . 
I'm the crazy < PROPFIRST > Mayer lady . Ask me how . 
Here we go , Steelers , here we go ! 
Trying to win a trip to see < PROPFIRST > Mayer in NYC is not conducive to the writing of my paper . 
So close to < PROPFIRST > in NYC ! SO FREAKING CLOSE !! 
If we can maintain posession until the two minute warning , I will be a happy camper . 
I am officially a happy camper . Until they tried to insinuate that there was even a comparison between the Steelers ' fans and the Cowboys ' fans . Pssh ! I don't think so . 
Oh , the bliss of not having class tomorrow ! 
Having no class in the middle of the week kind of sucks . 
Being up before the sun is up is not OK . 
It never fails . When Addison cries , I cry . Every . Time . 
I got off work on Sunday morning to discover that my car battery was dead . $90 later I have a new battery . I got in my car tonight to go to work to discover that my engine won't turnover . FML . 
The jump start was a complete and utter failure . I have no idea what Plan B is . I just know that I need my car . I'm now moping because I have no idea what else to do . 
My car works again ! Yay !! 
Steelers game , research methods outline , laundry , and starting the 487 paper before the night before it's due . 
O-LINE WHY ARE YOU SLEEPING ??? 
Let's try to actually score a touchdown this afternoon , OK , boys ? 
Shinning moments of the weekend : good friends and ASU losing . 
I finished the crossword puzzle all by myself today !! 
Working on the 487 paper . Maybe . 
I could be in NYC waiting to see < PROPFIRST > Mayer ... Being the seventh caller sucks . 
Three hours of sleep does not sit well with me . 
< PROPFIRST > MILLER TIME !! 
< PROPFIRST > Miller is AWESOME !! 
I need a nap ... but I should do my homework now so I don't have to worry about it after bioethics . But I really want a nap ... 
So sleepy ... should've taken that nap yesterday . 
What am I going to do without Uga VII ?? :( :( :( 
I'm fairly certain that everyone I'm friends with went to see New < PROPFEMALE > tonight . Y'all are nuts . 
I was in a fantastic mood . And then two girls started shrieking at each other in the lobby . 
Way to make me cry , Supernatural . Way to make me cry . 
I was all nostalgic for Pittsburgh until < PROPFEMALE > Patinkin effectively ripped my heart out . 
LET'S GO CATS !!! BEAR DOWN ARIZONA !!! 
AAAAHHHHH !!! DOUBLE OVERTIME OMG !!! BEAR DOWN ARIZONA !!! 
* sigh * Officially saying good bye to the < PROPFEMALE > Bowl . 
Bball team is in Maui ! Let's go Cats !! 
HOW ARE YOU MORONS LOSING TO THE CHIEFS !!???? 
This was officially the worst weekend for football ever . At least ASU lost ; at least there's that glimmer of sunshine . 
How can JLo be singing a song called \Louboutins\ " and not be wearing any ? I feel like it's counterintuitive . " 
I had my first bloody nose ever this morning . Much scarier at 26 than it is at 8 . 
I actually finished an AOQ while at work ? What ?? 
I have never been so ashamed to be a Wildcat . 
SVU marathon and I don't have to be up in the morning !! :D 
I want to go home nooooowwwww . ): Stupid biomedical ethics . 
HOOOOOTCH !! OH NO , OH NO , OH NO !!! 
Criminal Minds just killed me . Leave me a message after the beep . BEEP ! 
Happy Thanksgiving , y'all!! 
LET'S GO PITT !! 
Mmm ... pie . 
BEAR DOWN ARIZONA !! 
I can't find my ASWho ? shirt ! WOE !!! 
C'MON YOU KNUCKLEHEADS !!! 
Yay Cats !! 
Dear < PROPFIRST > Dixon , Please don't blow it . Love , < PROPFEMALE > . 
I haaaaaaate research methods . D: 
U of A , why did you change your webpage ? Where the heck is webmail ? 
< PROPFIRST > Dixon ! WOO !!! 
< PROPFIRST > Dixon , please remember what I told you about not blowing it . 
< PROPFIRST > Dixon , I still love you , but I HATE losing to Baltimore . 
My back hurts to the point where I can't sleep . Anytime the Aleve wants to kick in would be super . 
Can we just skip to December 19th ? I'm so done with school . 
I got FULL POINTS on my 487 paper !! :D 
What am I going to do without Glee until APRILLLLLLLLLL ????? 
I had strange dreams about Glee last night ... in < PROPMALE > . WTF , brain ? 
UGH ! Why must everything go in to overtime ? LET'S GO CATS !!! 
Bummer . 
Seriously considering hitting up Bianchi's before the TV lineup tonight . 
Have I mentioned recently how much I loathe research methods ? 
Last Friday class as an undergrad !! 
If I rock my two sociology projects , I could walk away from this semester with straight A's!!! 
I want soup . 
Kellan Lutz , stop adopting animals and making me love you . 
WOOOOOOOO !!! GO CATS !!!!! 
I forgot that < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > was in the Liam Neeson is a BAMF movie . 
HEY , HOW ABOUT WE DEFEND THE PASS , Y'ALL! GOOD GOD ! 
The A in 487 is official !! 
OMG Jurassic Park is on !! This is awesome ! I haven't seen this movie in years . 
I would like to point out that the last time we played Nebraska in the Holiday Bowl , we didn't go to another bowl game for 10 years . 
Last MONDAY class as an undergrad !! 
Let's not forget the day that the Japanese decided that waking a sleeping giant was a good idea . 
Who knew that Ringo was the narrator for < PROPFIRST > the Tank Engine and Friends ?! 
\I love the smell of rain ! \ " \ " Welcome to Florida ! \ " * facepalm * ' Nado residents certainly aren't Rhodes scholars . " 
After compressing the span of the Beatles ' careers into 8 slides , I think it's time to move on to the < PROPMALE > 5 . 
Project Gorilla , entry two : I'm exhausted . 
I feel like I should be boarding up my windows to protect me against the apparent hurricane going on outside . 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > totally spends more time on his hair than I do . 
So grateful that I don't have to be up in the morning . 
Two A's down for the semester , three more to go !! 
Lady GaGa is so fierce . She should've been number one , < PROPFEMALE > . 
All I wanted was an interesting key note speaker . Was that too much to ask ? 
Res Life loves me !! 
FML . This must be what it feels like to be a Lions fan . 
I am going to break my neighbor's alarm clock into a million teeny , < PROPFEMALE > pieces . 
Last late night at the ' Nado !! 
OMG people . ATM's are not that exciting . 
SVU marathon !!! 
The SNL opening sketch was lame . Bring it Taycob , because your better half was the last person to really make me laugh on this show . 
This time next week I'll be a college graduate !! 
Thank you for all the birthday wishes !! & hearts ; 
Anyone know of anyone willing to hire a recent college grad in the Phoenix area ? I will do just about anything except call centers . Been there , done that , and I'm sufficiently scarred . 
< PROPMALE > the Elf , what's your favorite color ? 
Booth has a nice acromion . 
To study or not to study ? I really should study . 
I don't care what you think . < PROPFIRST > = & hearts ; 
AAHHHHHHHHHHH !!!!!!!!! Panic attacks before each biomedical ethics exam are no fun . 
One down , one to go !! 
I shopped till I dropped and now all I gotta do is take a little walk on Saturday morning . :) 
Anyone want to go see < PROPFEMALE > Underwood with me on May 15 in T-T own ? 
Getting ready to curl up in bed after a crazy day of stupid drivers , cleaning , and packing . Hopefully I'll be able to fall asleep instead of staying up all night being anxious for the BIG DAY tomorrow !! 
BRB , graduating !! 
President < PROPMALE > says I'm an Alumna !! Now it's nap time . Graduating is hard work ! 
Just watched the Glee fall finale ( finally ) . My life sucks without it already . 
Uh-oh ! A JoBro is officially off the market !! 
Home again and working hard to re-discover the floor of my room . 
What an AMAZING game of basketball !! GO CATS !!! 
Busy day today ! :) 
Another AMAZING game of basketball ( with an added bonus of Coach O) ! Bring it on , USC !!! GO CATS !! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all and to all a good night ! 
Of course my brother is high on Christmas . Fa la la la la la la la la . 
Braving the elements 
Why on EARTH are there about a billion Twilight jewelry boxes ? DNW . 
Let's go Pitt !! 
Go Dawgs !! 
I hope True Blood is on sale for $17 in the store and not just at Target.com! ! 
True Blood for $17 !! Yesssssss !!! 
Oy . So not the way I wanted to be headed into the Pac-10 season . 
OMG ! Jacksper is in Tucson , and I'm totally going before I have some sense talked in to me . 
My father is such a buzzkill . Damn me for being responsible when I'm trying to be irresponsible . 
Dear Arizona Men's Basketball team : I am done with Arizona losing by 30+ points this week . Let's end that tonight , k ? Love , < PROPFEMALE > 
Happy New Year y'all! May 2011 bring good things for all of you . 
I made it through 136 emails . I'll wait to tackle the 98 Facebook game requests tomorrow . It's good to be home !! :) 
I'm amazed that there are so many Browns fans . Here we go Steelers !! 
There's always next season . 
TMJ flare-up . Ow !! 
Meeting with an admissions advisor at Midwestern ! :) 
99.9% sure that I want to go in to perfusion ! Super excited !! :D 
PURPLE !! :) 
( RAH)² ( AH)³ + [ ROMA ( 1+MA )] + ( GA)² + ( OOH)(LA)² 
Still purple . ;) 
Lazy Sunday . :) 
Ladies , your red , black , pink , blue , white , butterflied , cheetah printed , and nude bra colors made the news . Facebook doesn't know who started it going but the < PROPFEMALE > G Komen foundation says it was a great way to raise awareness for breast cancer . Way to go ! Post this on your wall - if you participated in the Bra Color Game ! 
I don't have class tomorrow !! Neener ! 
10 inches :( 
Hmmm ... I wonder if Mom would consider a professional attire shopping spree ? 
My degree arrived today !! It's beautiful !!! 
Man , I thought losing by 30 to BYU was awful . Losing by 2-3 points is even worse . 
BEAR DOWN ARIZONA !!! 
Does anyone know of ANYONE who's hiring in the Phoenix area ? This job market blows . 
It is that magical time of year when < PROPFIRST > Bauer starts kicking ass and can't be bothered to take names . 
I was hiding under your porch because I love you . & hearts ; 
Off to bed early tonight . 
Whoops . Well that didn't go according to plan . 
I just tweezed my eyebrows and now my head hurts . :( 
love my mother ! For all of you who aren't too proud to say thank you to your moms for helping you be the great person you are today ... please copy and paste to your profile ! I expect to see this many times on my < PROPFEMALE > ! Some people no longer have their Moms here to appreciate , but we can still say THANKS for their love . I love you mom 
Does the Ugg boot thing actually work ? Does anyone know ? Or did I just do something really stupid ? 
So excited for Idina Menzel on Glee !! Is it April yet ? 
Getting a year's worth of rain in two days ? Awesome . 
Faster , Supernatural download ! Faster !! 
Catching up on Lost . 
LOL . < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > is totally the mom in Supernatural's \Playthings . \"" 
My wish for 2010 is that people will understand that children with disabilities do not have a disease ; children with disabilities are not looking for a cure but ACCEPTANCE ........ 93% of people won't copy and paste this , WILL YOU be one of the 7% that does and make this your status for at least a hour 
All the boxes are finally unpacked ! I just need to put up the curtains and it will feel like home . & hearts ; 
WOOOOOOO !!! BEAR DOWN ARIZONA !!! 
Apparently being forced into a decision was all I needed . Huh . 
Ugh . Headache . I hope I'm not getting what my dad has . 
Definitely dodged the bullet with what my dad has . I love Zicam . 
I will not harm my brother . I will not harm my brother . I will not harm my brother . 
I shoulda left my phone at home ' cause this is a disaster . 
Got the PTCB Exam and GRE review guides . Now all I've got to do is study and make it happen . 
Rainy days always make me so sleepy . 
I got a phone call from U of A last night . They wanted money . Me : \I graduated only a month ago ! \ " Mom : \ " Welcome to the world of being a college grad . \"" 
Untouchable burning brighter than the sun , and when you're close I feel like coming undone . 
A-R-I-Z-O-N-A !! GO CATS !!! 
Can pratcially smell number one !! GO CATS !!! 
I've started saying < PROPFEMALE > Face a la \Poker Face . \ " My brain works in mysterious ways . " 
It's 3 in the morning and I'm awake . This sucks . 
I have officially lost 20 pounds . Don't ask me how because I'm not entirely sure . 
Number one in the Pac-10 , baby !!! 
No one better spoil LOST for me . 
Watching all of season 5 of LOST in quick succession is going to give me a time traveling-esque headache . WTF is going on ??? ( Hopefully it doesn't come with nosebleeds . ) 
Just bought a new pair of < PROPFEMALE > Simpson shoes !! 
I want to go shopping . Buying new shoes with a gift card was great and all , but I want to go shopping . 
The Huskies can thank the officiating crew for that W . * grrgrumblegrumblegrrgrumble * 
My new < PROPFEMALE > Simpson shoes came today ! They were a pleasant surprise . :) 
Wildcats , I love you , but sometimes you make it hard . 
My dad starting talking about how an on-side kick to start the second half would be genius because no one would expect it . I was about to say that's a dumb idea , but then it happened . And it worked . 
Why is it that the day after my first decent night's sleep in a long time , I'm exhausted ? 
Why do you hate me , GI system ? 
A-R-I-Z-O-N-A !!! 
P-I- T-T LET'S GO PITT !! 
A-R-I-Z-O-N-A !! GO CATS !! 
I really enjoyed The Blind Side , but I still hate the Ravens . 
You know , everyone's forgotten the other importance of February 14 : it's Arizona's birthday ! 98 years old . :) 
< PROPFIRST > Jacobellis , you make my heart break for you again . 
I need caffeine and a muffin STAT . Heigh ho , Starbucks , away ! 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , why are you not legal ? ( Apparently I have no shame at one in the morning . ) 
I'm so anxious for < PROPFIRST > Lysacek tonight . I hope he kicks some Russian booty !! 
YAY < PROPFIRST > !!! 
So sleepy . Heading to bed early . Hopefully I'm not coming down with something . 
LET'S GO CATS !! BEAT THE SUN DEVILS !!!! 
I hate my brother . 
I have a job interview tomorrow !! 
Thanks for all of the luck , y'all! I'll let you know how it goes . :) 
Really kinda sleepy now , hopefully the SBux will kick in soon ! But I think the interview went well !! :) 
TGIF ! And ! I GOT THE JOB I INTERVIEWED FOR !! 
Praying for the people of Chile and the Pacific Rim . 
Mmm ... homemade lasagna and still on my < PROPFIRST > Poppins high ! Now all I need is video of tonight's buzzer beater . :) 
Going to see Shutter Island with < PROPFEMALE > Theisen ! 
Oh , I should be productive , but I really don't want to . 
I'm not sure what's going on with my car . Dad took it to the shop tonight . I really , really hope it's nothing < PROPMALE > . :/ 
I have a new radiator . Again . Hopefully this one will last longer than two months . 
OMG < PROPFEMALE > Hahn in tonight's all new Criminal Minds directed by MGG !! Now I'm even more excited !! 
Creating a butter wish list !! I will not blow my entire first paycheck on nail polish . I will not blow my entire first paycheck on nail polish . 
Satisfying my need to shop with a $40 gift card to Border's . 
I'm sleepy , but I should study . Somehow , I don't think the cardiovascular system is going to sink in so well right now ... 
Woo !! Pulled out the win ! Let's go Cats !! 
Girls in their high heels and a skinny pair of blue jeans . Boys in black < PROPFEMALE > buttons lookin ' just like Springsteen . 
WOOOO !! GO CATS !! 
Oy . They're here to work on the ceilings and there's no way I wasn't just woken out of stage four sleep . I need SBux , but I have no money . 
Sitting outside where it's cold while they work on the ceilings . Hopefully it'll warm up soon . 
I'm currently reading The Other Boleyn Girl , and while I know that < PROPFIRST > had red hair , in my head he's a cross between < PROPFIRST > Bana and < PROPMALE > Rhys Meyers . 
IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII gotta get outta here !! 
You know , if it weren't for the lack of modern plumbing , I'd totally be down with living in Tudor England . 
So sleepy . It's all about dinner , an episode or two of The Tudors , and then zzzz . 
No NCAA . No NIT . My world has been shaken to the core . I demand a recount ! 
Blech . I feel like I weigh 5000 pounds . :( 
Thinking about taking a shower and getting things back together now that the ceilings are done . But I'll probably look at new TVs for my brother to buy me instead . 
Out to Scottsdale to prove to them that I've suffered through chemistry once before . 
Curled up in bed with Enzo watching The Tudors . 
Oy . Waking out of stage four sleep sucks . Hopefully a shower will clear out the groggy . 
Yay ! Today's the day that < PROPFEMALE > Roberts arrives in the Valley of the Sun for the first time !! I'm so excited !!! 
Woo !! Go Dawgs !! 
To move out of the country or to not move out of the country ? That is the question . Heaven forbid you actually have to work to get anywhere in this one . 
I think I'm going to go to bed tonight dreaming of Texas and a socialist/dictator free United States of < PROPFEMALE > . 
I can take off my blue jeans without unbuttoning them . I'm not entirely certain how I feel about this . 
My mom's having knee replacement surgery today . Kinda freaking out because that's how I roll . 
Mom's surgery went well ; thanks for all the well wishes . She gets to come home on Saturday ! :) 
I just sent a bunch of requests to become a fan of ShoeDazzle . If they reach 60,000 fans , they are going to donate 1,000 pairs of shoes to girls in need for them to wear to prom . It's an easy way to do a good thing . After they reach 60 , 000 , you have my permission to un-fan them . :) 
Ugh . Why does five in the morning suck so much ? 
Just had some new tires put on my car after one fell apart while I was driving to work on Thursday . Luckily , I didn't get that far , so Daddy was able to come to my rescue , and I wasn't on the freeway yet . Now , I think it's nap time considering that Daddy thought power tools an apt way of getting me out of bed this morning . Yep . 
Watching Angels & Demons with the fam . I love this movie . And < PROPMALE > Zimmer . I love me some < PROPMALE > Zimmer . 
It's < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE>'s 30th birthday for another two hours and 20 minutes here in AZ , so ... happy birthday , < PROPMALE > y-Pookey . ILU . Yes , I am aware that I need professional help in this matter . Leave me be . 
Somebody has a case of the Mondays . 
So sleepy . Can't keep eyes open any ... Zzzz .... 
< PROPFIRST > !! August 18th !! Wooo !!! 
Is it Friday yet ? 
TGIF !! Is it time for the kids to go home yet ? 
I should do homework , but I don't wanna . 
There was an earthquake in Baja and it * was * felt in the Valley . I suddenly feel less crazy for thinking that my bed was moving . 
I'm officially registered for O-chem in the fall . Both of my parents have wished me God speed . :/ 
ESPN is reporting that no charges are going to be made against my cheeseburger boyfriend . Official announcement on Monday from the GA DA . 
My first pharmacy tech certification exam review is this morning . I am boldly going where I said I never would . 
I can buy 1 really good ticket to see Lady Gaga for $190 . If only I had that money to burn . Trying to win them through the radio it is . :/ 
Took a spill in my < PROPFEMALE > Simpson shoes . Dad was moving the vacuum cord as I was stepping over it . My knee is already purple . 
See body ? This is why it's not appropriate to be awake at one in the morning . It makes us Grumpy McGrumpypants when we do have to be up . 
Glee , I've missed you !! I can't wait until we meet again tomorrow night ! :D 
IT'S GLEE DAY !! SO EXCITED FOR THE JOY TO BE BACK IN MY LIFE !!! :D 
I think \Come Together\ " could quite possibly be my favorite Beatles song . " 
Dear asthma that's been dormant since I was a kid , I'd forgotten how much it sucked not being able to breathe . You suck . No love , < PROPFEMALE > 
Feeling a bit better . Prednisone is nasty stuff , but it certainly works well . 
I'm so ready for a nap . I don't like being sick . :( 
Dear lungs , Anytime you want to start working properly again is fine by me . Love , < PROPFEMALE > 
Still feeling kinda icky . I'm ready for Glee and bed . 
Got sent home from work . Three different people looked at me and told me that I didn't look well . I want my grandma to come make me Lipton soup . I'm not even hungry . I just want me grandma . :( 
Oh , Benny-Ben . What am I going to do with you ? 
Is it weird that I just got excited reading about a killer fungus ? 
New Eclipse trailer with a second of some Jacksper action ! Woo !! 
Pharmacy tech class , bridal shower ( driving to Tucson and back ) , medical terminology homework and exam ... Busy weekend ahead ! 
Weekend , where did you go ? 
I've dusted , vacuumed , and talked to my grandma . I suppose I should do homework now . :( 
Weekend , why'd you have to leave so soon ? 
People need to understand that children with special needs don't have an illness , so there is no cure & it's not contagious . They only want what we all want , to be accepted . 93% of you probably won't copy and paste this . Will you do it and leave it on your status for at least an hour ? It's Special Education week , a ... n ... d this is in honor of all the kids who need a little extra help & understanding . 
Pharmacy tech class then heading down to T-T own for < PROPFEMALE > McMahon's wedding !! :) 
Home again , home again . 
Mornings are lame . 
Happy Mexico-Won-Some-Battle-And-The-Americans-Celebrate-It-More-Heartily-Than-They-Do Day !! 
No Demi Lovato !! < PROPFIRST > Karev already has a crazy girlfriend and her name is < PROPFEMALE > Reaser !! No , Izzie Stevens does not count ! * hmph * 
I'm so sleepy ... Zzzzz ... 
Quick , my medically savvy friends ! Which heart rhythm do you NOT shock ? V-fib ? 
Saw Iron Man 2 this afternoon with < PROPFEMALE > Theisen ; it was awesome ! Plus , I got my five-second < PROPMALE > fix with trailers for both Eclipse and The Last Airbender !! :) 
Happy Mother's Day !! 
I have a raging headache all of a sudden . :( 
The Suns have finally removed the thorn in their side that is better known as the San < PROPFIRST > Spurs ! Bring it , LA ! 
One of the kids I work with has perfect pitch , and I witnessed it in action today . Color me jealous . Sooooooo jealous . 
Watching Iron Man 2 illegally . ;) 
Why hello there 20 pounds I had lost . It's not good to see you again . :( 
DO . NOT . WANT . 
So sleepy ... 
Bedtime for Bonzo . Does the fact that I go to bed at 9 make me old ? 
I hate my brother . Anybody need a roommate ? 
Officially finished with medical terminology !! 
I'm entirely too prissy to be driving around with no air conditioning . 
Someone has a case of the Mondays . 
What a day . I need Chipotle , wine , and Glee STAT ! 
Schoooooooooool's out for summer !! 
First day of summer . Errands to run and certification exams to study for ! :) 
My brain hurts . Taking a break from LOST for now ... 
So excited for the LOST series finale tonight ! Which side will win ? Good or evil ? 
Went for a jog/walk this morning ! I know , alert the media !! :) 
Woot for summer jobs !! :) 
Back to Valley Learning Center I go ! I'm such a lifer . 
Oh , man . Can I handle screaming babies again today ? We shall see . 
I'm exhausted . Here's hoping kid germs don't knock me back on my ass and out of commission for a few days . 
Me : Why does Rossi know that but not < PROPMALE > ? Dad : He was busy practicing with his boy band . I <3 my dad . :) 
I had regurgitated formula and phlegm spewed all over me today . How was your day ? 
I don't want to go to school tomorrow ! 
First lab of the session tonight . Here's hoping it won't be too torturous . 
Rawr ! Hate ! Eff that noise . 
College basketball lost a legend . RIP Wizard of Westwood . 
I jammed my finger while playing catch with my dad and brother yesterday . It's swollen and it hurts . Stupid football . :( 
WOOOO !!! We're comin ' for you next , Bruins !! Let's go Cats ! 
I've finally fallen victim to the kid germs . Stupid cold . :( 
Let's do this , Wildcats ! Bear Down Arizona !!! 
5:30 why are you so early ? 
100 Monkeys will be here in a little over a month . Excuse me while I go prepare myself for this better than I did in December . And by that I mean : AAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHH !!!!!!!!! 
I'm really digging < PROPFEMALE>'s Bionic thus far . :) 
Watching Glee with < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Dear allergies , You suck . No love , < PROPFEMALE > . 
I think I'm going to take in an episode of The Vampire Diaries before calling it a night . Who knows what tomorrow will bring ? 
Is it bad that all I want to do is stay at home and watch The Vampire Diaries ? Because I do . 
Shower and then studying for chemistry . And probably watching The Vampire Diaries occasionally to break up the monotony . :) 
I'm in such a weird mood today . I feel like I'm at an impasse . 
Passing the chemistry exam got me through the impasse . I feel that a life change is coming regardless of what people expect of me . 
Let < PROPMALE > Rathbone Weekend commence !! :D 
Taking myself to go see The Last Airbender . < PROPMALE > Rathbone Weekend will not be thwarted by silly things like no one to go with me . 
< PROPMALE > Rathbone Weekend is almost over ( sad day ) . Topping off the weekend with his episodes of Criminal Minds and The Cleaner . 
After a wonderful , long weekend it's back to work and class . Only three weeks of chemistry left ! 
Just ordered my tickets to the 100 Monkeys show at Martini Ranch !! SO EXCITED !!! Are you ready , < PROPFEMALE > Theisen ???!!! 
The A/C went out at work today . It was a good time . A cold shower and dry clothes were an even better time . :) 
Well , I failed the chemistry exam spectacularly last night . It dropped my grade from a C to an F . CHM 152 in the fall it is then . :( 
Huzzah ! All is not lost !! I don't need a ridiculously high A on the final to get a C in chemistry ! All I need is a 75% !!! 
So glad to be home ! 
I'm bored out of my ever loving mind . 
Helping Mom make potato salad and then studying chemistry . 
Attempting to study chemistry . 
Not studying chemistry ... I got distracted by 100 Monkeys ... 
Two days until 100 Monkeys Day !!! 
One more day until 100 Monkeys day !! 
When I wake up tomorrow , it'll be 100 Monkeys day !! 
IT'S 100 MONKEYS DAY !!! Never fear , I have promised not to break any state or federal laws , and < PROPFEMALE > Theisen has promised to be my handler for the evening . :) 
It's hotter than hell out here . Forget 100 Monkeys , it's going to be 100+ dead bodies . 
Last night was amaaaaaaaaazing !! So worth how tired I'm feeling right now . :) 
Chemistry final in 10 minutes . Kinda scared . 
Working on uploading the pics from last night ! :) 
100 Monkeys Day pictures are up ! :) 
Seeing Inception with < PROPFEMALE > ! 
I need a shower . I feel disgusting . 
Ah . I feel much better after a shower . :) 
My baby brother is 20 today . ... Making potato salad , but off to SBux while the potatoes cook ! :) 
Officially did not pass chemistry . I got an A in lab , but didn't pull off the C in lecture . I'm going to go mope now despite what my father says . 
Has anyone else stopped to wonder that maybe < PROPMALE > Gibson hasn't turned into a gigantic asshole and is having frontal lobe strokes instead ? 
I'm tired . And bored . I think it's bed time . 
It's < PROPMALE > Potter and JK Rowling's birthdays ! Celebrate by reading your favorite HP book ! :) 
Shark Week !!! * happy dance * 
I'm getting excited to head back to farm country ! 
I miss my grandad and my grandma today . 
Just bought some new clothes for work . New shoes set for Saturday ! :D 
< PROPMALE > LeBeau is being inducted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame ! 
Wow . Daddy really doesn't like < PROPMALE > Goodell . The word he used was hypocrite . Yeah , he's not thrilled with how the Roethlisberger situation was handled . 
Last day of summer . Spending it doing laundry and mani-pedis . 
Excited to head back out to east L.A. to get my high school on !! :) 
We only had freshmen yesterday , but the rest of the school arrives today . We'll see how it goes . 
Totally biffed it in the parking lot at work after lunch . I am a graceful little swan . 
The first week is just about over ! :) 
I hate my brother . Anyone want to take him off of my hands ? Free of charge ! In fact , I'll pay you to take him !! Inquire within . 
My family might go to a pre-season Steelers game when they're in Pittsburgh in a few weeks without me . I am unamused . 
Going to the Cardinals first preseason game . :) ( It's not Heinz Field , but I suppose it will do . ) 
I'm officially addicted to Frontier Ville . I blame < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Heard . 
Monday , Monday ... 
There's a place I know if you're looking for a show , where they go hardcore , and there's glitter on the floor . 
Please rain , please rain , please rain ! 
ATTENTION !!!!!!!!!! Do not join the group currently on Facebook with the title \Becoming a Father or Mother was the greatest gift of my life\ " It is a group of Pedophiles trying to access your photos . This was on Fox News at 5 . Please copy and post . " 
I don't wanna !! 
Two of my ochem books are officially in my possession . Now hopefully I won't have to spend $190 on a USED lab < PROPMALE > . 
I'm officially an organ donor in the state of Arizona ! :) 
No matter how much I gripe about it , friends getting married and having babies makes me so happy because I know that happier things couldn't happen to better people !! <3 
I got my lab text for a grand total of $11.98 !! ( The new edition retails for $180 ! ) 
Everyone's going to Grandma's house but me . :( 
Laundry , Transformers , and OChem . 
< PROPFIRST > DIXON !!! ( Just got a phone call from my mom . I asked her if Daddy was yelling at the game . I wasn't surprised by the answer . He's so frustrated that he's out taking care of bees for Grandma . ) 
Dear blood sugar , You can correct yourself any time you feel like it . Kthx . Love , < PROPFEMALE > . 
I had no idea that The Vampire Diaries books were so old . I just finished the third book , and the diary entry was dated 1991 . I checked the copyright , lo and behold ! 1991 . 
Bear Down Arizona !!! It's GAME DAY ! 
< PROPMALE > Foles connecting to Juron Criner took the top spot in SportsCenters top 10 plays on Friday ! Heck yeah !! Bear Down Arizona !!! 
I suppose I can no longer avoid getting some OChem done . 
Short week this week ! I hope it flies by . :) 
The O-Chem homework and I did not get along last night . We have since reconciled . 
It's game day ! Bear Down Arizona !! 
The trip to Tucson for Homecoming might be thwarted by my parents being in Hawaii . I had plans to go see Fitz and everything ! 
First OChem exam is tomorrow . I think I might know the material better than I think I do , but I'm still kinda scared . 
I feel good about the exam ! Am I a nerd for enjoying OChem ? 
My lavalier is missing . I doubt it will take top minds to figure out what happened to it . It might take some veritaserum , though . 
It's GAME DAY ! BEAR DOWN ARIZONA !! 
Officially going back to Pittsburgh for winter break ! I can't wait !! :) 
< PROPFIRST > Dixon has a torn lateral meniscus . The Pittsburgh Steelers don't need no stinkin ' quarterback ! ( Dear < PROPMALE > Goodell , I hate you . No love , < PROPFEMALE >.) 
76 on the first OChem exam . I'm not excited about it , but I'm not incredibly disappointed in it either . 
I didn't realize how empty my life was until new episodes of Glee came back into my life . 
I need a new job . Does anyone have any ideas ? 
< PROPFIRST > Polamalu and a football are like two magnets . They can't help but come together through magnetic force . 
3-0 start without Big < PROPMALE > ! Can't wait for him to come back and see how much better the Steelers become ! Here we go Steelers here we go !! 
If you really wanna battle , saddle up and get your rhythm , tryin ' to hit it chic-a-tah ! In a minute I'm a take a you on , I'm a take a you on . 
Working on OChem and getting excited for the big surprise for < PROPFEMALE > Bloom's birthday tomorrow ! 
The officiating in that game blew . The dogs are probably also scarred for life from the yelling Daddy and I did at the TV . 
Going to see < PROPFEMALE > Underwood for < PROPFEMALE>'s birthday ! She was sufficiently surprised !! 
Boo , Monday ! But < PROPFEMALE > was so amazing last night and totally worth it . :) 
Boo , Tuesday ! Lab was not nearly as fun as < PROPFEMALE > . 
It was a bad weekend for football in the Demar house . Pitt lost . Arizona lost . ASEw won . Good thing the Steelers have a bye . 
Try the gray stuff , it's delicious ! Don't believe me ? Ask the dishes ! 
I spent roughly six hours studying alkanes this afternoon ( give or take a couple hours ... more towards the give ) . Now it's time to dream of trans-1 , 4-dimethylcyclohexane . Tomorrow I'll tackle stereochemistry . 
I'm so anxious/stressed about this OChem exam . I just ate what feels like my body weight in rice . 
I am free from my OChem prison ! At least until the next exam anyway . 
Logically , it makes sense for < PROPFIRST > Farve to serve a four game suspension regarding these allegations regarding Jenn Sterger . Then again , the NFL doesn't use logic , does it ? 
New hair cut ! I'm still running my fingers through it and wondering where all my hair went . 
Woo ! Welcome back Big < PROPMALE > !! 
I cam home to a house that was trashed and smelled of pot . Where can I return my defective brother , please ? 
Boo ! Work . Is it Friday yet ? 
Is October really almost over ? Where did all the time go ? 
Please rock this as your status if you know or love someone who is gay . The goal is to help people understand that being gay is not a disease or a choice . People who are gay are not looking for a cure ; they are looking for ACCEPTANCE and EQUAL RIGHTS . 93% won't copy and paste this . Will you make it your status for at least one hour ? I LOVE ALL OF MY FRIENDS , GAY , STRAIGHT OR SIDEWAYS ! 
Woo !! GO WILDCATS !!! 
Contemplating getting out of dodge and opening a bar on the beach some where . 
Student across the hall : \You know how a tomato is a fruit ? does that make ketchup a smoothie ? \"" 
I should study OChem , but my tummy hurts . :( 
What is the point of online registration when it never allows me to register because something or another is wrong with my registration status ? 
Gradually making my way through the OChem chapters for the exam on Wednesday . Now I need to work on the lab write up and then it's time to get ready for the Lady Antebellum concert with < PROPFEMALE > Bloom and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > Demar ! 
I've been waitin ' all day for Sunday night ! Here we go Steelers here we go !! 
It is entirely too early in the morning . 
Happy Friday ! 
Bear Down Arizona !! Beat the Cardinal ! 
Tough loss for my Cats tonight . :( 
I have internet again ! Yay !! :) 
Warning Arizona peeps : I just washed my car . Expect rain within the next 48 hours . 
Happy Veteran's Day ! Thank you to all of the vets who have made and continue to make our freedom possible . <3 
Bear Down Arizona !! Beat the Trojans ! 
Another tough loss . :( 
Here we go Steelers here we go !! 
Boo , Monday ! 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > is out ! That's what happens when you miss a 26 yard field goal in Steel City . 
TGIF !! 
Oh , internet . How I've missed you so . 
Here we go Steelers here we go ! 
I'm so not ready for Monday . At least it's only a two day week ! :) 
You know you spend too much time with OChem on the brain when you change your basketball team's opponent's name from Bethune-Cookman to Butane-Cookman . 
Playing around in CASPA because apparently I like being told I suck . 
Career change plan : audition for American Idol and win . I won't need ochem for American Idol . 
Happy Thanksgiving ! I hope everyone has a great day . :) 
Shenanigans Pac-10 officials !! Shenanigans !! ( Although I was yelling much stronger words at the TV . ) 
I'm a nosy bitty , so I'm endlessly fascinated by the upcoming < PROPMALE > wedding , but there's the larger part of me that is also endlessly disappointed that I no longer have the hope of being a real < PROPFEMALE > . 
The OChem exam was not nearly as bad as I thought . Still bad , but not bad enough that all hope is lost . 
In honor of rivalry week : Put this as your status if you know someone who suffers from being an Arizona State Fan . Being a Sun Devil Fan is a real disorder and should be taken seriously . There is still no known cure for SDFD & sympathy does not help , but we can raise awareness . 100% of UofA fans will repost this simply because we know how to copy & paste , as well as tie our shoes . 
Big game tonight ! Bear Down Arizona and beat the Scum Devils !!! 
Please\ 
don't forget to change your FB profile picture to a cartoon character \ 
from your childhood . The goal .....? To NOT see a human face on FB until \ 
Monday , December 6th . Join the fight against child abuse , copy and paste\ 
this into your status and invite your friends to do the same .. 
Truly , truly , truly outrageous ! 
Shower , laundry , and ochem before the big game tonight . 
I think I might have just found an OChem tutor ! * crosses fingers * 
Quoth the Ravens nevermore . ( Yes , I've been holding on to that all season . ) 
I'm pretty sure OChem is going to give me an ulcer . 
Woot woot !! Finally set up an appointment with a tutor and we get the channel that the Arizona basketball game ! Today is going to be a good day . :) 
Daddy bought me The X-Files complete series for my birthday ! I love this show so much . How I did not have nightmares as a kid is beyond me . :) 
I went and saw Black Swan with < PROPFEMALE > Theisen tonight . It was pretty freaking awesome . 
Thank you sweet baby Jesus . Or as I like to call him < PROPFIRST > Polamalu . 
Felt good going in to the OChem exam , feel good coming out ! 
Dear Dr. Springer , Please email me back and tell me what I got on the exam . I'm dying over here . Thanks , < PROPFEMALE > . 
Good news ! I'm officially enrolled in second semester OChem lecture and lab ! Better news ! I got a B in lab ! Bad news : I still have no idea what my lecture grade is . I'm going to go insane any day now . 
So excited for Pittsburgh ! 
Hey ! It's < PROPMALE > Folk !! Hi < PROPMALE > Folk ! You're playing for the wrong team , < PROPMALE > Folk !! Here We Go Steelers ! 
Warm and snuggly at Grandma's house . 
They're talking about Pens needing to break their losing streak . They played the Coyotes . Need a W in the NHL ? Just call on Phoenix , the NHL's equivalent of 911 . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas , y'all!! 
Whee !! < PROPMALE>'s episode of Criminal Minds is on ION on the east coast RIGHT NOW ! My grandma's already disturbed , but I don't have the guts to tell her I've got the hots for the guy in drag . 
My BlackBerry says it has one unopened message and that's a lie . It's driving me nuts . 
http://www.post-gazette.com/pg/10362/1113843-53.stm 
Dear Arizona football , please don't make me eat my feelings . Love , < PROPFEMALE > . 
< PROPMALE > looked a lot like Santonio Holmes right there !! 
Good feeling's gone . I'm heading for the potato chips now . 
There's still no info on Antolin . That's kind of upsetting . The NFL is punishing clean players for clean hits and making a spectacle of dangerous hits . Yet while there was a penalty called , there was no follow up on his condition . 
So ready to be going home . 
Boo work ! 
I had the time of my life fighting dragons with you . 
I made some yummy coconut shrimp with < PROPFEMALE > rice for dinner . Hello lunch tomorrow ! 
Go Aggies ! 
< PROPFIRST > , take care of Gabby Giffords , please . 
Prayers for Gabby Giffords . 
Prayers for Gabby and all of those affected . Also prayers for strength and courage to the awesome staff at UMC who are taking the best care of them . 
Why is five in the morning so early ? * faceplant into pillow * 
Monday morning record - \Where Is the Love ? \ " Black Eyed Peas and < PROPFIRST > Timberlake . " 
I was going to be for Oregon because Pac-10 and all , but after seeing three Oregon fans talking during the National Anthem , I'm officially for Auburn now . Plus , Oregon's uniforms are fug . Go Tigers !! 
I've changed my mind . Go Ducks !! 
I'm boycotting mornings . * flop * 
I'm so proud to be an Arizonan and seeing all of these groups rally around the victims ' families to protect them from the hate of Westboro Baptist Church . 
I'm so proud to be an Arizonan and a Wildcat ! 
I love shopping for baby showers !! :) 
A baby shower for one of my favorite people , Steelers playoff game , and the Duel in the Desert ! It's going to be a busy Saturday ! :) 
HERE WE GO STEELERS HERE WE GO !!!!!! 
AFC Championship here we come !! GO STEELERS !!!! 
Go Jets go !! 
I'm almost finished putting my room back together . I just need Daddy to get home to help me move the bookshelf . I tried to by myself . Now I hurt . :( 
Bring on the Jets !! HERE WE GO STEELERS !! 
I'm going to have fun messing with one of the math teachers I work with today . He's a Scum Devil and a Patriots fan ! * evil laugh * 
It's already hump day ! Yay for four day weeks !! 
Why is it that when I sleep well , I'm even less likely to want to get up ? 
Who's ready for a Cat and dog fight ? This girl !! Go Cats !! Beat the Huskies ! 
I'm thinking about having a Super Bowl party . Anyone interested ? 
Blech . I ate too much . I should go take Enzo for a walk . 
It's game day !! HERE WE GO STEELERS HERE WE GO !! 
Dear Steelers , Please don't blow this . Love , < PROPFEMALE > . 
OK , attempting to calm down via Benadryl and Mockingjay . I still have to go to work tomorrow . 
Boo Monday !! * yawn * 
Someone get me outta here . 
I don't know whether to eat until I puke or shut myself up in my room and cry . Neither are particularly healthy . 
Is it spring break yet ? 
I just finished Mockingjay . I loved it . Very much . 
I really want to have a Super Bowl party . I want to get my hostess on . 
If your Dad is a hard working man and is your hero , helped you no matter how bad you were or is just the BEST DAD EVER , if you are blessed to still have your DAD or if he is an angel in Heaven , paste this to your status and let everyone know you are PROUD of your Dad . You can replace a lot of people in life , but you only have one DAD 
WOOT WOOT ! BEAR DOWN ARIZONA !! ROUX IS SO GOING TO HEAR ABOUT THIS TOMORROW !! GO CATS !!!!! 
Went to Padre Murphy's with the fam only to get car sick on the way there and not want to eat anything . I'm now crawling into bed and watching Coach < PROPMALE > . 
I just filed my taxes ! Yay for big returns that allow me to shop AND pay bills !! :) 
Time for Bark in the Park ! 
Twitter's hating on Lukey-Pookey . :( 
* sigh * I don't wanna . 
Good news for all of you shivering ( much like myself this morning) ! Punxsutawney < PROPMALE > didn't see his shadow . Spring is coming !! 
So Psychology is my back up plan . I would LOVE to return to Tucson , but the U currently isn't offering a Master's degree in Psychology . Anyone know why ? 
I haven't completely given up on < PROPFEMALE > school , but I'm feeling awesome about forensic psychology thanks to < PROPFEMALE > Rhoads and < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > Rohn !! 
Mom and I just stood in the kitchen helping each other slather on < PROPFEMALE > butter lotion . It hurts to have pants on my skin is so dry . 
It's Friday ! And I get to leave work early !! 
My APA Psychology Graduate School Guide should be here today !! 
No , < PROPFEMALE > , you cannot play with your new grad school guide . You need to do some ochem . 
It's SUPER BOWL SUNDAY !! HERE WE GO STEELERS HERE WE GO !! 
We've got loads of food ! Primanti's style sandwiches , Iron City potato skins , coleslaw , and , of course , beer . Bring on the game !! GO STEELERS !!! 
HERE WE GO STEELERS HERE WE GO !!!! 
Oh well . I still have to go to work tomorrow . As do all the Packers fans . 
Boo Monday ! 
The most creative jab I got today ? \Steelers suck !! \ " I'm so disappointed in this generation . " 
Do . Not . Want . I need to stop waking up in the middle of the night . 
I got a 94% on my ( second ) first ochem quiz !! Things already make infinitely more sense . 
OMG . Born This Way = Express Yourself . If Gaga isn't coming up with something original , the rest of the music industry is screwed . 
I just got an email from my former piano teacher that goes to the Grammys every year . She almost got me a pass this year . I would've been sitting next to Lil < PROPMALE > . 
I'm pretty sure I've now exhausted my Facebook options . Time to study ochem . 
I went and saw the Bieber movie with < PROPFEMALE > Theisen and < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > . I went in a skeptic and came out with Bieber Fever . 
You know , eventually Gaga is going to have to show up at the Grammys in a nice dress and ask that everyone call her < PROPFEMALE > because there will be no more shock value . I can't wait to hear what < PROPFEMALE > has to say about her this year . 
I am dragging behind and I have 20 minutes until an ochem exam . Pep up ! Pep up ! Pep up !! 
I'm headed to bed early . Hopefully I can sleep the sickness away . Stupid brother . 
I really have no < PROPFEMALE > to be awake right now . * yawn * At least it's early release today . 
Early release became even earlier : I was sent home with a low grade fever . 
Feeling better this morning . No fever and still no cough . The Sudafed and thermometer are being thrown in the purse just in case . 
I got sent home ( again ) . I'm watching Juno and this movie is trying way too hard . 
It's < PROPFEMALE > bitch !! I'm way excited to get my hands on Femme Fatale now ! :) 
Just played in the retention basin with the dogs and a guy with a camera . I'm sure great pictures are to follow . :) 
What an amazing game !! I wish I could've been there so bad ! GO CATS !!! 
I want my own bathroom . 
Seeing Unknown with Poof . I love Liam Neeson is a BAMF movies . 
So Liam Neeson is a BAMF . As if that was a question . 
With a headache is not exactly how I wanted to be spending my Monday off . 
Ugh ! Of course I am able to get down to Tucson for the last regular season game . Of course there are no seats together ! Of course they're saying $58 for upper level !! UGH I SAY !! 
Every time I listen to Dirty < PROPFEMALE > . I think of < PROPFEMALE > Bujan . I also wish I could tag from my phone . Love you , D !! 
If I get tickets to the UA/Oregon basketball game , anyone interested in going with me ? 
It's almost Friday !! 
I'm sorry ESPN commentators , but Point Guard U is already spoken for and it is NOT Pitt . 
Can I just go back to bed and skip to Saturday ? 
So the LA trip for the basketball team was a complete bust . Hopefully it turns out the way we want it to for the top ranked Wildcats softball team . Go Cats !! 
I would like to thank < PROPFEMALE > Cox for introducing me to Blow . My life is not the same . 
Hines < PROPMALE > is doing Dancing With the Stars this season ! I'm so there !!! 
* yawn * I don't wanna . 
I'm so not feeling well . My throat is on fire and I would love to just sleep . I also really want a chocolate frosty . 
Where's < PROPMALE > y-Pooky ?!! I want my < PROPMALE > y-Pooky !! I'm talking to you cameramen . You show < PROPMALE > Fox , but not < PROPMALE > ? Unless he's there with Bre Ladd . Then I don't care . 
I'm in Tucson , snot is going where it's supposed to ( read : not my lungs ) , I'm going to hit up the mall , and study ochem by the pool . It's going to be a good day !! 
Stopping at Choice Greens before heading back to Pho-Town . It's been real , Tucson . See you in a month when I can eat again . :) 
Safely back in Pho-Town . I've started laundry , so I guess it's time to start studying ochem now . 
Newman Projections are the devil . I get the concept , but I sure as hell can't give you the correct IUPAC name . 
Waiting for Baby Doering is much more fun than Waiting for Godot , but I've got an ochem exam to focus on !! 
I touched my phone with wet hands this morning . That was a bad idea . Searching for rice . 
My phone works ! My phone works !! * happy dance * 
My tummy hurts . :( 
Why did I even bother to record the game ? I can't not know . GO CATS !! 
SPRING BREAK !!! WOOT WOOT !! 
Sitting out by the pool reading . I love spring break !! 
I hate < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > . I effin ' hate that effin ' troll . 
A 5 seed for my Wildcats !!! < PROPMALE > seems to think Memphis is a non factor . We'll see on Friday ! 
Happy Pi Day !! ( Who thought I'd ever turn into a math nerd ? ) 
I need fillings . :( I made it 27 years with no cavities . This is very disappointing . 
You know what's awesome ? Trying on clothes that you haven't worn in awhile and having them fit ! THAT is AWESOME !! 
Lipitor is a STATIN ! The generic name is atorvaSTATIN !! C'mon , dummy !!! #ArgumentsWithMyself 
Something that's decidedly NOT awesome ? Going back to the dentist to have teeth filled . I'm scared . Do I have any volunteers to hold my hand ? 
I survived . I'm still shaking from the excess adrenaline , but I lived . :) 
The girl you just called fat ? She has been starving herself & has lost over 30lbs . The boy you just called stupid ? He has a learning disability & studies over 4hrs a night . The girl you just called ugly ? She spends hours putting makeup on hoping people will like her . The boy you just tripped ? He is abused enough at home . There's a lot more to people than you think . Put this as your status if you're against bullying . 
I need a library card . Or a bigger bookshelf with a disposable income for books . I think I'm gonna go with the library card . 
Happy St. < PROPFIRST>'s Day !! 
My blood pressure's up . It must be test time !! Wish me luck ! 
I PASSED !!! 
You have got to be flipping kidding me !! Stop blowing the flipping whistle !!!! 
I passed my exam and I survived another round of Cardiac Cats . Now , I have a date with the heating pad and a chick flick . 
Time to get in bed and start Water for Elephants . I'm super excited about this book ! :) 
A great first half !! Keep it up Cats !! 
SWEET SIXTEEN BABY !!!!!!! 
Boo ! Work !! 
Going to the Renaissance Faire tomorrow !! Yay field trips !! 
