rain rain go away come back another day when I do not have anything to do 

knows this can not be good 
is ambivalent ..... not sure why 
How can my daughter be 20 , when I just turned it like what last year ?????? 
shimee shimee cocoa pop ! 
It is Friday right ? 
is off to the Ladies US Open with her Lil Sis and Jo ... so excited to spend the day with them ! 
had an amazing day ..... simply fabulous ...... WOW ! 
is watching the storm roll in .... 
is blessed with a wonderful man and stupendous friends . What a great weekend ! 
is looking forward to < PROPMALE > , Mellencamp and < PROPMALE > at Coca Cola Park . Here's to the poets ! Gotta love em . 
SHAZAM !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! she dribbles , she shoots ....... swish , nothing but net ! 
Beautiful day , great book , good wine .... life is good ! 
is very excited !!!! First a day with my amazing daughter , Thursday a dinner with some some new funtastic friends and then Friday off for a weekend of celebrating over 30 years of friendship with some very wonderful spunky women celebrating our 50th year 
Long , long week ... good thing it is over , oh wait its not meeting on Sat . I will make up for it on Sunday ! 
YIKES ! 
Thanks to all for B'Day wishes ... I feel so loved ! 
tired of feeling everything for everyone ...... 
Gonna catch up with the SSC gang this weekend ... reminisce about back in the day . Oh geez those were some good times . Looking forward to STDG therapy ! 
Holy Chefs Batman ... it will be top chef weekend at my house ... LOVIN IT ! 
loves weekend getaways ! Which way to the BEACH ? Gonna spend some quality time with Barnegat Lighthouse ! 
I need to figure out how I can spend the rest of my life next to the ocean . 
Hangin ' out Down the street The same old thing We did last week . Not a thing to do But talk to you Whoa ... yeah . Hello P'Burg! Gonna < PROPFEMALE > with the gang at Flynn's tonight ! 
Deliciously Dazzling Day 
I am officially overwhelmed ... 
I amaze myself sometimes .... give me something else to do .. I am ready ! But first my < PROPMALE > Suave is calling ! ZOOM ZOOM 
thinks that no one should die because they cannot afford health care , and no one should go broke because they get sick . If you agree , please post this as your status for the rest of the day . 
#$% ! *#&* $#%* ! Fargin Bastages 
Sometimes people just let you down .... 
has had eventful weekend ... after presentation at PACOG conference putting on my professional persona , switched gears and played BEATLES Rock Band ! I am da bomb being Ringo on drums ! Hey < PROPMALE > , it takes me back to the Women's faculty shows in HS ... Good Times ! 
It's a rag-top day ! 
\One of the things being in politics has taught me is that men are not a reasoned or reasonable sex\ " Thank you < PROPFEMALE > Thatcher ! " 
Okay it is official this day just plain sucked 
Glad this week is behind me , ready for some R & R and a good therapy session with the STDG of SSC . 
DRUM SOLO ! 
Packing for SSC Penthouse ( with our own butler ) weekend at Harrah's in AC !!!! WATCH OUT AC ! Sat a.m. I will be in private Cabanna poolside . What wonderful generous friends I have ! WHOOOOOOO-WHOOT ! 
feels a rip tide coming on ! 
where is the damn cabanna boy when you need him ? 
and < PROPFIRST > marries 26 years today ... yep yep on elucky woman am I ! 
is a pirate now ARRRRRRRRR 
is exhausted , damn long week ... jammies , sofa and good book time ! 
has the most amazing man ... patient , kind and full of surprises ! 
what a week ! almost friday . Elections , Speeches , Council meetings OH MY ! Gonna play hard this weekend ! But first ... CSI popcorn night with my man ! 
Keb mo rocks my world ! 
Is it friday yet ? 
Havin some fuuuuuuuun waiting on the cable guy . 
is dazed and confused in a good way , hard work can really pay off . The words of support and gratitude mean the most . 
looks like a < PROPMALE > day !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
just had much needed < PROPMALE > ride .... nothing like freezing your ears off to clear your head ! 
So many things to be thankful for ! Happy Thanksgiving to all ! 
Snow snow snow snow ... fa la la la la 
64 hours at work this week , stepping back from it all . Need to focus on family and Christmas ! 
One more day ... then I can bake cookies with my own personal Top Chef Baker Girl ! 
This is just plain crazy I tell you ! 
shop shop shop ... wrap wrap wrap ... bake bake bake ... clean clean clean I do my best work under pressure ! 
Bourbon Balls are the best ! 
never ever a dull moment here 
So much for the week off ! 
Dinner made by my incredibly awesome daughter was delicious !!!! YUM YUM 
We spend January 1 walking through our lives , room by room , drawing up a list of work to be done , cracks to be patched . Maybe this year , to balance the list , we ought to walk through the rooms of our lives ... not looking for flaws , but for potential . ~ Ellen Goodman 
House is so quiet after the revelry . Enjoyed it so much ! But now < PROPFIRST > is birding , La in Catskills , Fo with < PROPFEMALE > . So I get to settle in for an afternoon of reading the \Untethered Soul\ " and listening to < PROPFIRST > Morrison on Pandora !!!! " 
Monday Monday can't trust that day .... Good Bye to La : ( Off to work ... big day ! 
Don't it just make me feel so special now ..... 
I wonder ... that's all ... just wondering . 
Might have to make it a < PROPMALE > day if temps go to 45 
I LOVE MY MOM !!!!!! For all of you that aren't too proud to say thank you to your moms for helping you to be the great person you are today , please copy and paste this on your profile !!! I expect to see this many times on my profile < PROPFEMALE > . 
Why is there no dumb ass vaccine ? 
tired , tired tired ... time for some wii to make me happy ! 
Stop the madness of this coldness .... I am in need of a < PROPMALE > ride with the top down ! 
I had a good day .. dare I say it a productive almost fun meeting ... looking forward to a good year . Pen Argyl is on the map and climbing ! 
< PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > where for < PROPMALE > thou < PROPMALE > ???????? 
OLYMPICS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
?????? \Lovers don't finally meet somewhere . They're in each other all along . \ " ?????? ---- Jalal ad-Din Rumi " 
Sunshine , blue skies maybe top down day ? 
Have I mentioned I am ready for spring ? 
Just cleaned off Rico ... anyone for a ride ? 
Okay so I am cranky and am gonna stay in my house till it goes away , this way no one gets hurt ..... 
GO USA HOCKEY !... so I guess starting Monday I have Olympic Withdrawal ..... 
OMG my son came in and asked why are you so crazy .... I told him about the hockey .. he said it was stupid ... Where did I go wrong oh where did I go wrong ????? 
Champions none the less ! Good for Canada ! What a game ! 
Okay thank goodness for MARCH MADNESS ! 
Saturday I will b ein Harrah's AC with a butler in a penthouse .. how cool is that ? Is it Sat yet ? 
I am off to see the Wizard ! 
Back to reality ..... 
Ricolicious Day ! 
Does anybody here have an aardvark ? 
Looking like a road trip .... 
Looks like I'm gonna go party with men in kilts 
Sunny ... 60 degrees .... looks like a long lunch ! 
GRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR does not even cover it . 
Thank you ... you know who you are . Remind me of these times when I go a little balistic ! 
ooga shocka ... ooga shocka ..... ooga ooga ooga shocka 
Long Day .... but came home to my new Tie Dye Chucks !!!!!! There is even a Grateful Dead Bear on the tongue !!!!! 
Picking up my amazing beautiful daughter ! bringing her home for a couple of days and then wishing her luck on the next part of her journey ! 
Happy Birthday to the man I married ! I am such a lucky woman ! 
I thought it was in like a lion out like a lamb .... hold on to your hats today folks ! 
walking barefoot in the grass and feeling fine ! 
FABULOUS DAY ! 
brace yourself it is gonna be a long one ! 
Just remember this my friend when you look up in the sky , you can see the stars but still not see the light !!!!! 
Seriously in need of some motivation and intestinal fortitude . 
I Love < PROPMALE > Petty .... there I said it , couldn't hold it back anymore cause I'm just an American Girl ! 
Hello Weekend I think I love you .... 
It's Daughter Week ! If you have a daughter who makes your life interesting and fun , who has been a blessing in your life and makes life worth living just by being around - copy and paste this to your status . ? Your daughters will outgrow your lap , but never your heart ? ? ? ? ? 
Okay the < PROPFEMALE > rising tonight was amazing ! 
So like if I blow my nose one more time it will surely fall off ...... 
whispers are lies and no manners besides 
Thank you friday for making the world stand still ..... 
Going out to dinner with two of the most important women in my life .... my mom and my daughter ... awesome women indeed ! 
I'm very definitely a woman and I enjoy it . < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > 
True friends can go long periods of time \ 
without speaking and never question their friendship , pick up like they \ 
just spoke yesterday , regardless of how long it has been . REPOST if you \ 
are blessed enough to have at least one ! 
Looking forward to examining life's priorities with some wonderful roomies from college ! Can we all say sleepover at 50 ? We can still giggle with the best of them ! 
Heading to Harriburg in the A.M. to play with the big boys ! Wish me luck ! Putting Pen Argyl in their face ! 
Interesting observations by Rendell , in light of last night's primaries . Learning lots ... wish I was better at exploring on my own tho . 
Just spent some time outside the area ... I love Pen Argyl ... we are doing okay ... doesn't mean we can't get better ... but we are really good people ! 
You are you . Be like the cat who doesn't \ 
fret over what she thinks of herself . she simply is what she is and she \ 
does what she does . Thank you < PROPFEMALE > I needed that reminder also ! 
Blue fish made together with awesome recipie $15.95 , decent wine $19.00 , shared with a really good man I have known since 1977 .... priceless . 
yeah well sometimes it does not matter how good you might have been , it is what you are right now . 
SNOOPY HAPPY DANCE !!!!! 3 Day weekend ahead ! 
I am trying to figure out my droid 
Off to OHIO tomorrow to watch the most beautiful intelligent nieces graduate from High School ! Very excited to visit with < PROPMALE > & < PROPFEMALE > . Road trip with Mom & Dad .... EXCELLENT ADVENTURE TIME ! 
When did my mom turn into < PROPFIRST > andretti ? 
Heading home after wonderful trip watching beautiful intelligent neices graduate and getting to know the \Brooklet\ " better ....... too much fun ! " 
Reality Sucks right now ...... 
HAH ! 
Need a big time attitude adjustmen , not even sure why . 
Rico-licious Night Ride to GNO !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Decompression here I come ! 
Wonderful time meeting the \Brooklet's\ " parents at their glorious home ! This wedding will be fun ! " 
I want to get off this crazy < PROPFEMALE > go round . Okay new career stradegy ( actually old to me ) I am going to move to Cape May live under a row boat on the beach and make seashell people for the tourists .... need venture capitol anybody in ? 
My baby girl turns 21 today ! WOW ! 
Okay Lake trip canceled stupid summer cold : ( 
Dear neighbors behind me ...... I am no prude but do you really need to scream the f word at the top of your lungs all day long ? I think your children have heard it enough today . 
Disillusioned ...... but hopefully only temporarily 
I must admit ... Flynn's on the Hill was a very good time ! 
T- 9 Days ... Split Rock ... Blues Festival .... maybe go a little mad . What happens with the girls stays with the girls ! 
RICO'S BACK , CSI popcorn nite , tomorrow's friday , I am almost seeing end of work disaster tunnel and 7 days to SR ..... I can do this ! 
uhmmmmmm .. butterflying with my main squeeze ... yeah that's right butterflying . 
Nashville in October what a lovely thing ! WE ARE BOOKED ! Hotels and Flights ! Can not wait to wish the bride and groom happily ever after ! 
Okay I can almost feel my body relaxing ... Split Rock , MM46 , good friends ... one more day .... 
mhmmmmmmmmmmm ... bye stress , no need to write or call . I will catch up with you on Monday ! 
Wanna go back ........... 
Lost ..... 
Dear person who hit my < PROPMALE > and left without telling me .... it is not about the damage it is about your lack of integrity .. but you wouldn't understand . 
I will not let the bastards see me sweat ! 
< PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > at the State was wonderful .... good music . Funny stuff ...... thanks fo 
What a wonderful way to start my day .... Thanks to all for my birthday wishes ! 
I am sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo blessed thank you all ! 
I LOVE MY LIL SIS AND JO !... Came home from long day of work to find wonderful present ! Presently sitting here in my < PROPFEMALE > new Makers < PROPFIRST > T-Shirt , after mixing a \Perfect Manhattan\ " in my < PROPFEMALE > new Makers < PROPFIRST > Boston Shaker poured into my < PROPFEMALE > new Maker's < PROPFIRST > Cocktail Glass . AH yes the good life is mine ! THANK YOU THANK YOU ! You guys are the best ... I love and miss you ! " 
Off to reminiscence bout the < PROPFEMALE > Days at SSC . Good Friends , good times and good giggles ! Oh by the way Iggy makes all the stories up ..... 
August has been a troublesome month ...... 
Seriously in need of down time 
Fill my heaet with gladness , take away my sadness .... ease my troubles , that's what you do ! 
\Photographs \ 
zoom-zoom < PROPMALE > and I are waving goodbye to work in the rear view mirror ! 
5 of us unloaded and stacked 7 tons of pellets yesterday . 14,000 pounds or 350-40 lb bags . I will let you know when I can move my arms again . But we are ready to be warm this winter ! Thank you < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > & Fo for helping the old folks ! 
Really ? 
I can tell you all I know , the where to go , the what to do\ 
\ 
You can try to run but you can't hide from what's inside of you . \ 
Steely < PROPFIRST > \Any < PROPMALE > Dude will tell you \"" 
Listening to Boz Scaggs \What can I say\ " and wishin I was dancing at Flynn's " 
One day I want to clean my house and then let it be clean for a week ...... 
Taking my baby girl back to CIA , missing her already . Be smart , be safe and have some fun ... it is all about balance . 
< PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > got robbed ... 
Which way to the beach ? 
Oh oakland ........ sooooooooo close 
RIP < PROPFIRST > Blanda ... the reason why I will always love the Raiders . One of my first Football Heroes ! 
Okay need to shake it like a Polaroid . 
trying to weather the storm .... 
I like it in < PROPMALE > , on a < PROPFEMALE > day going really fast . 
Wonderful Family Time in TN . I believe the Allens and the Foxes are the funnest families ever ! 
If\ 
you have a sister who has made you laugh , wiped your tears , hugged you , \ 
watched you succeed , saw you stumble , cheered you on and kept you \ 
strong , post this . Sisters are a promise from God that we will have a \ 
friend forever . Put this on your status if you have a sister you love . Love you Kimmer ! 
Thanks for all the happiness wishes ! 
Going owling . Who who 
Don't be fancy , just get dancey 
To the < PROPFEMALE > Alice .... somebody better shape up or the gravy train is over ..... 
hmmmm ... wow .... contemplation time . I wish there was a rule book . 
OAKLAND !!!!!!!!! Thems my boys !!!! 
Sometimes it is just a simple twist of fate . 
Found the top of my desk today , the calendar said May .. if only it were spring ! 
Emergency road trip someone needs her mommy 
Hey I am on rt 66 . Now to fine some kicks 
Monday , Monday can't trust that day .... 
If you could just come with me and see the beauty of \ 
Tuesday afternoon . 
Wednesday morning , yeah\ 
Sometimes life can be deceiving 
Sometimes Thursday almost \ 
Makes you want to run away\ 
Thursday's such a crazy , lazy day 
I don't care if Monday's blue\ 
Tuesday's gray and Wednesday too\ 
Thursday I don't care about you\ 
It's Friday , I'm in love 
You rearrange me untill I am sane 
Honestly if the questions make you nervous , mad and defensive then you need to re-examine your position . 
Friday .... Thanks to < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > we are feasting on a Nor-East Feast ! Shrimp Cocktail , Lobster Corn Bisque , Lobsters , potatoes , some Sutter Home Savignon topping it off with Kaluha Cheesecake !!!! Shipped from ME today ! Thank you to the best sisters ever ! 
Okay so only day of the week to sleep in .... so why was I up at 4:30 ? 
Just call me Ms. Fix-it ! That's right kiddos , just fixed my dishwasher , it was a desperate move motivated by the thought of having to clean pierogi doughed dishes by hand ! Do I hear a Zmoda AMEN ! 
If your Mom is or was your Hero , your Best friend , or just the best Mom ever & If you are blessed to still have your Mom or even if she is an Angel in Heaven paste this as your status and let everyone know you are proud of your Mom , and that you love her dearly . You can replace a lot of people in life , but you only have one Mom ! 
TGIF ... havin a heck of a lot of Toddy in my Hot Toddy ! 
OKAY ... baking done , wrapping done , pierogis done ... kitchen awash in flour done ... Manhattan will taste yummy tonight ! < PROPFEMALE > where did you put the power washer ? 
To all my friends and family ..... May you have the gladness of Christmas which is hope ; The spirit of Christmas which is peace ; The heart of Christmas which is love . 
Waiting on the blizzard .... 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to me , I have manged to stay the entire day in my jammies and I am not sick . Enjoying a wonderful down time day after a wonder-filled Christmas ! 
Working from home is not all that it is cracked up to be ... hard to concentrate . Although it is cozier and quieter than my office 
ARGGGGGGGGGGGGGH ! People please fell free to feel the love , really it has not even been a week . 
Reflections and decisions ...... it is that time of year . 
RAG TOP DAY !!!!! Gonna do it ! 
Just got back and it was exhilarating ! That < PROPMALE > sure knows how to show a girl a good time !!! Perhaps a midnight run ... anyone game ? 
Today my son turns 25 , wow ! I am very proud of the person he has become and excited about the direction he is headed ! Happy Birthday Fo-man ! 
phew ... that's all just phew . I have kicked it all , I can't kick food . UNCLE ! 
Okay so watch out < PROPFIRST > cing with the Stars , cause my fabulous husband signed us up for 4 private lessons for ballroom dancing ! So we start dancing in Feb ! Here's to hoping we do not make the teacher cry ! For those who know < PROPFIRST > pick yourselves up off the floor , the man knows how to go outside the box ! 
She's a super freak , super freak\ 
She's super-freaky , yow\ 
( everybody sing)\ 
Super freak , super freak 
Sweet girls come from the south , Barbies come from CA , but NJ girls have fire and ice in our blood ! We can drive in the snow , handle the cold , beat the heat , be a < PROPFEMALE > , throw a right hook and drink with the boys ! We can cook a wicked good meal and if we have an opinion ... You bet your BUTT you're gonna hear it !!! - repost if you're ...... a Jersey girl 
WHERE IS MY TICKET TO TAHITI ? 
So today was very uplifting . The snow was beautiful , people helped each other out , and the people I work with went above and beyond . I want to live in this moment ! 
Please join the group \Dear < PROPMALE > Reitman\ " so my son can realize his dream of becoming a GHOSTBUSTER !!!!!!! " 
For the 1977 PHS grads all healing prayers to Philly on thursday . < PROPFEMALE > Ketledge Morello in for some < PROPMALE > stuff . Keep her in you thoughts and prayers 
STOP THROWING SNOW IN THE STREET ! < PROPMALE > PET PEEVE OF MINE ! 
Is it me that's gone crazy ? 
New bumper sticker ..... SNOW CHUCKERS SUCK ROAD SALT ! 
47 days 
IT'S SON'S WEEK !! IF YOU HAVE A SON(S ) WHO MAKE YOUR LIFE WORTH LIVING BY JUST BEING AROUND THEM , AND IF YOU'RE PROUD OF YOUR SON NO MATTER YOUR SITUATION , COPY AND PASTE THIS TO YOUR WALL . YOUR SON WILL HOLD YOUR HAND FOR ONLY A LITTLE WHILE , BUT WILL HOLD YOUR HEART FOR A LIFETIME . 
Still crazy after all these years ..... 
First ballroom dance lesson tonight ..... why am I so nervous ? Get to cross off an item on the bucket list ! 
Nantucket road trip 
Disengaging myself from the world . 
“The minute I heard my first love story I started looking for you , not knowing how blind that was . Lovers don't finally meet somewhere . They're in each other all along . ”\ 
Jalal ad-Din Rumi 
So the baby girl flies off on another adventure ! Nantucket ! Very proud of her ability to just up and wing it . Time for her to soar ! 
Driving your car onto a steamship I kind of feel like I am going into the belly of a whale 
6 hour drive from Nantucket ... but then sweet sweet < PROPMALE > was waiting . Had to drive a half hour more just to feel the wind ! 
Dear Spring- You are such a tease , come back I promise to be good . 
stretched a bit thin and fraying at the edges ..... 
Taking a deer breath , wetting my lips and smiling ... wish me luck ! 
Movies and dinner with my sweet baboo , hope we don't get blown away ! 
Forgive sounds good , forget I don't think I could . They say time heals everything but I'm still waiting .... 
Dovyou believe in magic ? 
Wish I could make the pain from an abscessing wisdom tooth go away for my son 
Skyping with la . I am sooooooo happy to see her beautiful face 
Goonies never say die !!!!!! 
Just another day ...... 
Please send healing vibes to my son Forrest ..... going in for surgery for abscessed impacted wisdom tooth . Thought we had it beat .. well were way wrong . 
Fo headed home . Thanks for all the vibes . He is in some < PROPMALE > pain , but headed for healing ! 
Really couldn't wait for Feb to be over , but looks like March is coming in like a lion 
Fos tooth ache last week morphed into < PROPMALE > infection he is now been thro another surgery and now in icu for breathing tube ...... not been such a good day 
Moving Fo out of ICU today . Wooooooo hoooooooo 
They are keeping fo till Monday .... he is not a happy camper 
Relaxing with a Manhattan and while reading Promise Bridge .... what a treat ! 
Bringing the boy home ! 
Sshhhh don't tell fate but things seem quite calm here ...... breathing deep 
I love skype . 
OH NOOOOOOOOOOO ... Riding < PROPMALE > .... sailing along and suddenly he started missing ... YIKES first real good cruise of spring . Luckily I was close to my fav mechanic and stopped in .... had to leave him there , so sad tomorrow will be nicer , but it is for the best ... get him in prime shape for summer ! 
Going doodlin with my man 
Home Sweet Home 
Thank you Ms. Ferraro for making it just a bit easier to see democracy isn't just for the boys ! 
there was voodoo on the vibe 
Skype is a most wonderful invention ... thank you for fixing my broken happy 
