Happy Father's Day 

I survived last week ! Feelin good . 
What if Lucky Charm Marshmallows had monetary value ? 
Chewed up and Spit out ! 
My car was broken in to ! My radio and some cd's were stolen . :( I hope mendelssohn turns his life around . Well , now I have a trash bag for a passenger window . Lame . 
lol my picture is so sad !!! 
I had a dream that Johannes Brahms was trying to kill me !.....??? help ???? 
Happy Thanksgiving ! Remember being Grateful makes people HAPPY ! 
I finally got a membership at the Johns Hopkins Gym ! Anyone want to play Racquetball ? 
I'm sick ! My throat and sinuses are awful ! 
Happy Birthday to < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Today is a two gig day ! 
The beard is coming in nicely . When I return to Balimore in January I will be quite grizzly ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas !!!! 
I could not be a musician without a metronome . 
I consider myself an O.K. cook , and I've heard that pot roast is one of the easiest things one can make . How then , even after two attempts , do I make the world's most disgusting pot roast ? 
Mozart is the best . I am going to sleep very happy tonight ! 
Time to PARTY !!!!!!!!!!! No PSO this weekend !!!!!!!!!!!!!! :) :) :) 
I need help , what celebrity do I look like ??? ( with or without beard lol ) 
My Parakeet died yesterday . Today I woke up with no chirping . 
Spent last night reading through possibilities for repertoire for next year .... decisions ..... definitely thinking Beethoven Concerto and Bartok first Sonata ( w/piano ) . 
I am currently in the middle of my first ever night shift , 11PM to 7AM . Only 4 more hours to go , thank goodness for facebook and Southparkstudios.com! 
I missed the new South Park episode ! I'll have to watch online . 
I have a new cat and a new bird . The cat hasn't killed the bird yet . Actually , they seem to coexist nicely ! 
Does anyone have good ideas for April Fools jokes ? 
Last night I had a dream and Bartok's Concerto for Orchestra was the background music .... 
91 degrees in Baltimore today !!! 
Workin hard at the Court ! 
is Ravel Duo for the next 48 hours . 
LOL May the 4th be with you . 
Thank you everyone for all the Birthday wishes ! I had a great time at the Orioles game tonight ! 
My cheeks hurt from smiling ! 
Everyone who has or wants my phone number .... send me your phone number I have a new phone my old one died in a fire ! lol 
I am grateful to be home safe tonight . My car broke down on the side of the freeway . 
Last night when I was waiting for the tow truck I plucked a Bach Fugue on my violin in my car on the side of the freeway to pass the time . lol now my finger hurts ! 
Car is fixxed ! 
I am an uncle again !!! :) 
Baked Potato and Chili for lunch ... tastes great , but it looks and smells like cat food . lol 
Glad I got to see so many great recitals this weekend : < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Mutter , < PROPFEMALE > Pressley , and < PROPFEMALE > New & friends ..... what a great weekend thanks you guys ! 
is thankful for his sister , < PROPFIRST > . She's the BEST !!! 
GREEN BAY PACKERS !!!! 
