Life is making for blended colors in my vision :) I'm going to teach myself existential psychoanalysis . Please send reading suggestions ! Does anyone believe that a book or reading club is too nerdy ??? 

... listening to < PROPFEMALE > Breckel again . It's been years ! 
Going to see < PROPFEMALE > DuBois . Maybe ... something . 
My New Year's Resolutions : 1 ) NO WINE from < PROPFIRST > 1 to Feb 24 2 ) Develop Social Life 3 ) Take Hip Hop Class to Work of < PROPFEMALE > JR ( MY BUTT ) :) 
Hi < PROPMALE > , Thanks for the compliment . How are you ? Where are you these days ? Family ...??? 
I'm thinking that it is going to be great to back up north for Thanksgiving to spend time with my best friend of ALL TIME , Jes Tait :) 
Hi Everyone , I'm having a beautiful day with my best friend , Jes Tait ! She is cooking a gourmet meal for me . I'm feeling thankful for my mom , friends , and technology . I'm sending healing energy to < PROPFIRST>'s husband . So , please send healing energy to < PROPFIRST>'s husband . 
I'm also sending my pseudo-children warm carebear rainbows of love knowing that they understand why I'm in their life and appreciating the nature of that relationship . And now I just got excited about the cream cheese pumpkin pie with spiked whip cream Jes just test tasted before putting it in the oven :))))) Hehehe ... FEEL LOTS OF LOVE AND JOY TODAY 
So I went back to the midwest for the Thanksgiving holiday . It was good for me . Reminds me of why I am the way I am . Midwesterners really are good people . 
Getting ready to go get a massage . Life has been very good the past few days :) 
I've been teaching graduate students psychoanaltyic theory and therapy for about a year now . It is proving to be a passion for me . Sometimes I wonder if it will replace clinical practice for me . I absolutely love working with students , especially graduate students . They ( without fail ) get interested in topics that extend beyond the everyday hussle and bussle of things . That's cool . 
Vacation !!!! 
Oh my Gosh , I almost said something online . 
Banana :) Serious . Very Cool . 
I woke up ... thinking about my dad . It is time to go shopping for a meaningful gift . He is a good guy :) Hehehe ... sat down with the < PROPFIRST > last week . I , again , became ( internally ) a confused , rebellious , but well contained child . Sucks . I can't shake that feeling ... ( singing ) Thanks a lot :) So ... bought myself some perfume to feel better and now I smell really good . :))))) 
So anyway ... sometimes do you ever wonder about the ' other things ' . You know , those things . Apparently , i AM NOT THE ONLY ONE . 
< PROPFEMALE > was talking about things that are usually mentioned only by yours truly . What the heck . Food was good . Company intriguing . Thanks . 
Good question ! 
Wondering how I can surprise < PROPFEMALE > for our birthday . I've gotta think of something good and I really don't want to give her my Peach ( dog ) ... even if she really loves her . 
I have just been informed by a fitness/nutrition teacher that squats and lunges are in my New Year's plan . UGH ! 
I am human . 
I have mirror conversations every now and then . I am ' only ' human . 
Sometimes I think people read my mind . That is one of my secrets :) 
There is something known as ' survivor guilt ' or success failure conflict . It partially explains self-sabotage . Let go . To each their own ... Be happy and successful in whatever YOU CHOOSE . 
A paradigm shift . 
Who said teachers are ' good' ? 
On being born ' GIRL ' . Situation = ' fix it ' or ' OH S*%T ' problem . Locked myself out of the office tonight . 8 pm session stepped up to the challenge . I sat next to the ten year old girl pondering how to gracefully handle the images and feelings soring through me :) No threat to my ego . 8 pm fixed it & felt good . Me ? Relieved . He came to the rescue ! Freud theorized about the symbolic function of the phallis ... hehe :) 
On being born ' GIRL ' . Situation = ' fix it ' or ' OH S*%T ' situation . Locked myself out of the office tonight . 8 pm stepped up to the challenge and succeeded . Me ? I sat next to the ten year old girl gracefully handling the threat of an internal tornado . 8 pm came to the rescue ... the symbolic function of the phallis ! hehe :) 
My best friend claims that we are now middle aged . Jes , that is NOT true . She just had a birthday . She is younger than me . If we were middle aged , we would have all of our finances under control . So < PROPFEMALE > , given that we are still mastering that life struggle , we are still younger adults :) 
Ok , so I went to see < PROPFEMALE > DuBois last night . You know , we academics are not supposed to believe in such things , but she was pretty amazing . I , however , was afraid to ask a ' life question ' . Next time .... October ... Tucson :) 
Envisioning my future :) 
Sometimes I wonder what is really going on ... 
Ok world ... it's time for me to listen to the spiritual representative . 
I want to thank everyone for sending birthday wishes . I feel so loved . You know , the older I get , the more thankful I am that I grew up in a small town :) Even if we are a little \Red Necky ... \ " hehe " 
Ok people , something is officially wrong with my computer . 
Running systems scan . Cannot chat with anyone . UGH . 
Facebook world , will someone please tell me what staticfacebook is ??? 
Goals ... 
The bigger picture . The greater meaning . Actions mean more than words . 
I discoverd a really excellent acoustic singer on youtube . Amazing . I love acoustic music . Also have . 
synchronicity ... \ 
\ 
I think about that a lot . 
Coming to a point of awareness about certain things . 
My oldest nephew graduates from high school this week . I am very proud of him . He is planning to go to college , earned a scholarship , and is genuinely a nice guy and a responsible kid . YAY :) 
Dancing is fun . So is listening to a stranger talk about why psychologists are crazy ... and not saying a word :) 
Trying to stay connected with a higher level of discernment . 
It's working :) 
How long does oxytocin last ? A lifetime ? Between whom ? This is a research question ( a student recently asked ) . 
Going to San < PROPFIRST > :) 
Letting the universe be in charge . 
Compatibility . That's key . 
Just finished another long day at work . Interesting week . I seriously need to take my ego out of many things . Buddhism = no self . That actually works . 
Unless it is real . 
It should be genuine . 
Everyone is so far away . I wonder if we even know each other anymore . 
Feeling really good today . Just happy :) 
Travelled back and forth in the western U.S. the past few days . The weather was so HOT it fried my battery . One more reason to re-think the value of a ' standard ' car . Seriously . 
My best friend finally joined facebook :) 
Feeling like I'm 15 again :) 
Maybe 16 is better ... I could drive . BUT thanks Janus Williamson for being my chauffeur to the parties . 
I love my life . I'm glad my path is the way it is . The people I've met along the way have taught me a lot . As I reflect , I realize that my life so far has been about fun and success . Even if I didn't do everything the ' conventional ' way , took on some serious tasks everything is working out for me in a way I never could have imagined when I was free and 16 and ... well , if you knew me , you know . 
Something is happening that is indicating that my existence is about to change . 
Going home from work early on a Friday . Time to veg out with a good movie and my dogs . 
Getting ready to move . One more year and then maybe I can buy a ' gem ' . 
Likes friends who know how to \get down to business . \"" 
I had my first flying dream ever last night . This makes me so happy . I will explain the significance later . I will state , however , that there was a snowstorm , my airplane was grounded , but news came later that we could depart . I don't know if I got on the plane . To be continued . 
As I sit here and think about this , I am feeling amazed . Seriously , this is deep and I probably need to stop thinking about it so I don't ruin things for myself . As such , signing off . < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Snyder 
One more , this is so me and yes , I am a dork . \ 
Sometimes the dreamer may desperately want to fly but cannot leave the ground . This usually indicates a deep longing for liberation accompanied by a limiting fear . Is there something going on in waking life that you are excited about but fear starting or fear you'll fail if you try ? 
Synchronicity 
Getting ready to begin my first application of prenatal attachment therapy . This is very exciting to me ! 
I realize more than ever what is really supposed to go on . 
So I've got four graduate students , two veterans , a counseling center , and a university involved in program development . This blends nicely with a ' Boyscout ' who is connected with politicians , military personal , and other people who will likely be in the picture soon . Can we develop a performance enhancement training program that facilitates neuralplasticity , mood stabilization , and a good night's sleep ??? 
When you look back on your life , you remember special people and the experiences you had with them . The funner the better , right ? When you imagine the future , you're still thinking about people and the experiences you would like to have with them . 
Being a ' teacher ' is cool . And as I just wrote that , my students busted me writing on facebook during their exam . I cannot stop laughing . I didn't realize the projector was on :) 
Getting ready for a really awesome experience . 
Getting all of my work done so I can be FREE this weekend :) 
Graduate students ... interesting cast of characters :) Grades are in and the parties are underway . 
I am having a really good time learning how to live a different way . Easier said than done , but still believing that what I am doing is very good for me . 
The soul speaks clearly . 
Pristine ... 
Loving my iPad ! 
Someone should invent a cell phone with a battery that never dies ! 
Wondering how our early ' mirror neurons ' influence what feels like home when we are all grown up . 
Grading student papers is a way to learn the same thing over and over and over again . Topic - stem cell research . Striving toward the objective description and positions . 
The cleaning man needs to know that higher < PROPMALE > took cuts too . 
The weather is cool this morning . Feels good . 
I remember this couple who used to barter with my parents . They traded homemade soap for horse hair . The couple lived without electricity , a car , and other modern amenities . The other day I was thinking about that . I wonder if they are still around . 
Today was one of those meaningful days . New life and a crossing over . I sit . 
This morning I begin to read Committed by < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > . Thanks < PROPFIRST > for the great idea . 
Today I got off of work and was home by 2:30 . I finished watching Dead Poet's Society ( for the fourth or fifth time ) , walked on the treadmill , rode the bike , went for a swim and hot tub , then relaxed by the pool . It is 6pm and I'm about to resume reading Committed . This is my idea of a good day ! 
I've always enjoyed night swimming . Feels good . 
Enjoying shrinkrapradio . 
I highly recommend reading Committed . After years of ' single ' living , I experience a sense of relief and validation while reading her thoughts , beliefs , etc on the subject of relationships . 
My mom took my advice over the weekend . Did hell freeze over ! Hehe ... Interestingly , she contacted a shaman . My aunt is really sick and in need of alternative care . 
http://criticalpsychoanalysis.com/gpage2.html#notes 
I would like to request that everyone who viewed my post please send loving healing wishes to my aunt < PROPFIRST > . Thoughts matter . Sending heals ( < PROPFEMALE > ) . 
I hope to live to be at least 101 years old . That would be amazing ! 
I joined a Scottsdale meet up group for people who enjoy independent films . Seems like a group I might enjoy . 
Princeton Global Consciousness Project ... Wow . 
Yearly fundraiser for lovehousekids down significantly this year . See lovehousekids.org for details . 
I just finished reading Committment by < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > . I like her . Heartfelt , down to earth , thoughtful woman . 
Searching for a home to buy . Found some that I would feel good living in ... at a glance . Home owner goal June 2011 . The dogs would love space to run around . 
The Event ... Can you imagine ? 
Trying new things . 
Chile ... A beautiful tragedy . Family . Religion . All the wonders of our deepest conflicts . 
AZPA conf was good . 
Upon reflection I realize the sanctity and peacefulness of my current environment . For that I am grateful . I have no fear nor a < PROPMALE > conflict to contend with in daily living . Peace . 
Just\ 
because fate doesn't deal you the right cards , it doesn't mean you\ 
should give up . It just means you have to play the cards you get to\ 
their maximum potential . - < PROPMALE > Brown From Positively Positive 
Today I told my students that their strategy for success in college is not working . Review goal . Steps to achieve/ strategy . Then I told them that if I get frustrated with their underachievement it is because I have ' teacher love ' for them . I also asked them to pretend I was 80 y/o so they could receive that statement . Then I pretended I was 80 and super wise . That felt great . 80 is going to be so much fun ! 
What is going to happen in the next ten years ? Are American children going to struggle because they cannot compete with their international peers academically ? What are American young people really motivated about that will be good for them and others ? Questions posed by a student . 
My practice is almost full on Fridays . Three slots to fill ! Psychoanalytically oriented psychotherapy is very interesting . It promotes my self awareness as well . 
Treatment goals = treat mental obstacles to patient's reaching potential in life . Life goals = love and work . 
Just watched Ghetto Physics ! 
My students did the hokey pockey today . So fun . Some of the guys were too cool for school so I called them out ! Hehehe . 
Positively Positive Wearing a mask wears you out . Faking it is fatiguing . The most exhausting activity is pretending to be what you know you aren't . - < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
The torture of a bad conscience is the hell of the living soul . 
Getting ready to move into full-time practice . 
Step 1 : NPI application complete . I've been strictly cash pay . Time for change . Now accepting insurance . Step 2 : CAQH . Step 3 : Panels . 
CAQH complete . Wait for NPI . 
Has a date with a real cutie pie ! 
is realizing that she sometimes dislikes grownup responsibility and acts out a little bit when she is frustrating with dealing with things she doesn't like . That , my friends , is part of the world of work . Nothing is ever all good , nor all bad . Dealing with the frustration means secretly fantasizing about leaving , quitting , etc . That would be Snyder's mo . 
Yesterday I practiced a balanced version of holding on , letting go , and containment . I held on to the good position and let go of the upsetting so I could be in the moment with the other unaffected but matured by the former . 
Is starting to get her ' cool ' back ... 
You cannot tailor-make the situations in life , but you can tailor-make the attitudes to fit those situations . - Zig Ziglar 
Being with other . 
Is the entire world journaling on facebook ? One Big World Journal : An Extraordinary Record of Events . Seriously ! 
http://www.cityofstcroixfalls.com/ 
On being with an ' other ' in a truly accepting way ... 
On mental health : 1 ) Do I generally feel satisfied ? 2 ) Can I roll with the ups and downs with family , friends , significant other , bosses , teachers , and coworkers ? 3 ) Do I contribute anything to help society ? 4 ) Overall , can I deal with the demands of everyday life ? 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e8no17X-CLM 
