is a bit hoarse , but Flogging < PROPFEMALE > was awesome ! Happy New Year everybody ! 

thinks that being in a strangle-everybody-in-sight mood and helping with Cradle Roll might not be such a good combination . 
is somewhat nauseous . :/ 
feels a bit better after dancing with the Boss in the shower . 
meh . sleepy fuzzy-headedness . 
... 
is having potentially dangerous thoughts . 
wonders if anyone else is amused that \a cappella\ " literally means \ " as in chapel . \"" 
is giving the Sound of Music a second < PROPMALE > . 
thinks her favorite part of Father's Day is driving down the highway with her dad while blasting Cream out of the speakers at an obnoxious volume . 
is gently patting the bristly fuzzy head of cynicism . 
is brooding to Rachmaninov . 
thinks that whoever originally thought that conjecture was an appropriate form of argument needs to be shoved down some stairs . 
: \Girls are people too . A radical ! \"" 
thinks there is something strangely cathartic about stripping wallpaper . 
would be excitedly dancing around the house , but she does not , of course , excitedly dance , and so is excitedly refraining from excitedly dancing around the house . 
loves light and color afresh . 
is about half way through Fullmetal Alchemist and very confused . 
loves her congregation ! They're like extended family . 
wishes she wasn't a member of the Entitlement Generation . 
: [ this status is intentionally left blank ] 
is nom nom nom . 
loves her new alarm clock . 
is a bit concerned by her parents having strange men come to the house when she's home by herself . But maybe she's just paranoid . 
hopes her < PROPMALE > plant doesn't die ... :( 
' s mom is awesome because she watches Firefly with her . 
is off to camp tomorrow ! 
is Christianing about . 
is about to embark on adventures in quiche . 
' s quiche was delicious ! :D 
needs to make some zuppa tuscana before she leaves . 
thrives on awkwardness ! She eats awkwardness for breakfast ! 
wonders if it's bad that she finds < PROPFEMALE > West absolutely hilarious . 
says \Catching a falling cheese grater with your bare hand : bad idea . \"" 
A week and a half ! AH ! 
quotes : \We are soldiers in the War on Entropy . \"" 
Felicidades , < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > ! 
is off to Big Bear ! 
is back ! :D And heads off again on Friday . 
loves going to cooking classes with her mom . 
can purl stitch ! 
is fidgety . >:( 
will probably not sleep tonight . 
got a little sleep . Now , off to adventure ! 
is home . 
is pining . 
thinks < PROPFIRST > Creeley is a love poet . 
thinks that cookie dough and a good chickflic will have to do . 
is surprised that Breakfast at < PROPFEMALE>'s turned out to be such a dark little movie . Huh . 
issa makin sum chickin pot pie . 
has amazed herself with her chicken pot pie making skills . 
is in narrative mode . 
believes that good Thai food is still good a day later , even cold . 
goes fidget fidget fidget . 
is going to the Pantages ! 
is home and cheery . Mon < PROPFEMALE > brightens her life . 
needs some baking therapy . Where did her new shortbread recipe go ? 
is baking shortbread and listening to Juanes and Hello Seahorses ! 
says \Mmmm . Shortbread . \"" 
undercooked the chicken and overcooked the rice . Dinner fail . :'( 
goes rant rant rant . 
survived today's adventure . WHEEEE ! 
was caught dancing to the Animals in the living room by the pool guy . XD 
is frying a piece of chicken that looks exactly like South < PROPFEMALE > . Woah . 
is so bored at home that she's considering resorting to Harvest < PROPFEMALE > . 
is making lasagna . It's all in the cheese . 
goes rawr . 
conked her head and is still a little woozy . 
says : \You know you have an Asian mom when she buys soy sauce in bulk . \"" 
got her Eurail Pass in the mail ! Too bad she doesn't yet have the airline ticket that will actually take her to Europe . 
loves making plans . She could write songs about making plans . Hmm hmm hmm ... 
can't sleep . 
loves midnight pancakes with < PROPFEMALE > . :D 
now realizes it was a bad plan to go grocery shopping while hungry . 
has a new hiding place . 
still compulsively collects quarters even though she hasn't used a laundromat in three months . 
is overwhelmed . How can anyone really prepare to go overseas ? 
gets excited about textbooks . -_-;; 
: ice cream and a vampire novel ? Yes , I'm that chill . 
would make herself a cup of chamomile , but it's really too hot for hot tea , even this late . 
shouldn't write poetry at night because it always looks worse in the morning . DX 
made herself scarce and went on an adventure . 
is hoping to resurrect her Bechamel sauce from the ashes of failure ... 
is reading Othello , and is somewhat ashamed she never did so in high school . -_-;; 
: < PROPFIRST > , RIP . 
loves church potlucks ! XD 
is most certainly not dancing around the house to < PROPFEMALE > Spektor . Most certainly not . 
Has her airplane tickets ! YES ! 
needs to get out of her own head . 
loves late night sisterly talks . :D 
is brooding and dancing around the house to Muse in shifts . 
finally got around to watching the Pursuit of Happyness . 
knows that chewing ice is awful for your teeth ... but she loves it . 
thinks there is something about Sunday afternoons that fits naps perfectly . 
just made some chicken pot pie you would probably think is delicious . 
sings that \you've made me into someone/ who should not hold a loaded gun\ " in the shower . " 
is packing . Blaargh . 
is finished packing ! Definitely . Maybe . Hopefully . AARGH ! 
is off ! 
loves Ireland , but hates cobblestone . 
is in Edinburgh . The Scottish countryside for the win . 
promises that pics will come once she's in London . 
had to suppress the rising of her papist sympathies in the shadow of St. Giles . 
arrives in London tomorrow ! Right now she's in York , with a twisted ankle . :/ 
made it to London ! 
knows time doesn't stop for the sick . 
is unpacked . Finally . Oof . 
' s head wants to float away . 
doesn't like her nose , really really REALLY likes apple juice , and occasionally doesn't like being an English < PROPMALE > until she remembers that there's no other < PROPMALE > that she'd enjoy nearly as much as she does English . 
' s happy place is nutella . 
went to the British Museum , and would be feeling more pensive if her cough didn't still sound like death . 
wonders , who can make the vulgar as tasteful and hilarious as Shakespeare does ? 
hates to admit it , but she's a morning person . 
bartered in Camden town . 
finally has some London drizzle . Not really rain yet . 
will always associate the smell of frying onions with the British Museum . 
is melancholic ? 
: \Obama won the Nobel Peace Prize ? Have I missed something ? \"" 
is taking a day off to do ... homework and laundry . 
totally showed that Latin test who was boss . 
wants a pig-dragon ! 
fears for her hair . 
is glad that she has so many friends to help her celebrate her birthday . :D 
goes \AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARGH !!!! \"" 
will not beat her fellow human beings to death with a stale baguette , no matter how tempted , because vengeance is God's . Amen . 
no longer has virgin hair . 
is listening to Gregorian chant while studying Latin . Heck yes . 
says : \Three cheers for budding caffeine addictions ! \"" 
looks even more gorgeous than usual . 
is brooding to Granados . 
' s feets hurt . :/ 
wishes computers didn't hate her so much . :: acute anguish :: 
loves staring at Rembrandt . 
is slightly pathetic in the way she'll take any opportunity to tell her favorite story . 
would send < PROPFIRST > Donne a Christmas card every year if he were still alive . 
is drinking black-as-the-pit-of-doom tea . Too bad Halloween was yesterday . 
made it into Living World Religions ! :D 
says to everyone Happy Guy Fawkes Day ! 
saw Wicked tonight . It was fabulous . Nuff said . 
had High Tea at the British Museum and enjoyed herself , but she realized how uncouth she can be . 
saw the Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus and is very very confused . 
had the best lamb burger EVER at Borough Market today ! She loves food . 
is not obssessed . Absolutely not . 
is emotionally exhausted . 
will wait patiently , but wishes she could sleep . 
likes to appreciate this kind of weather by looking out at it from her window . 
is brooding to Bach . 
is brooding to T . S . Eliot . 
: deep dark pit of DOOM ! DOOM I tell you ! 
has won this battle , but the war rages on . :[ 
always seems to end up with half an onion . 
' s adventure to Beaconsfield was short but worth it . 
says if someone messes with that fire alarm one mor time there will be blood on her hands . Literally . 
kind of wants to punch herself in the face . 
< PROPFEMALE > Michaelson tonight ! XD 
finished her research paper ! 
would like to thank < PROPFEMALE > Michaelson for making this world a bit of a brighter place . Her concert was incredible , even after two hours of standing . 
is amused that you can buy a glass of wine with your oatbran muffin at the Natural History Museum . 
is a damp rag . :/ 
, Chaser of Pigeons ! 
spent a couple of hours in the Tate Modern listening to R.E.M. and looking at so much Surrealism that she forgot she was awake . Time well spent . 
just isn't in the mood for finals . :/ 
wasn't even cheered up by Thai food . D: 
done with finals . Still not all that elated . :[ 
' s last full day in London is bittersweet , but mostly sweet . 
has her apostrophes back ! XD 
would roll up her sleeves if they were long but they're not because she's BAKING ! 
loves that the word ' fellowship ' is practically a synonym for ' food ' . 
absolutley isn't using the increasingly hard rain as an excuse to stay inside , cook , and watch chic-flicks . 
thinks that curry is that much more delicious on a cold and rainy day . 
bakes a pretty awesome pecan pie . 
haircut ! Finally . 
it's another day in the neighborhood ... 
thought Avatar was meh . 
is a sad cyclops because she burned herself . DX 
is seeing Flogging < PROPFEMALE > on New Year's < PROPFEMALE > . Be jealous . 
' s quiche exploded . :/ 
is always happy when she gets her books , but buying them makes her cranky . 
has the best mom ever . Prime Rib for New Years ! 
doesn't think that \Maneater\ " is a good song to hum during the church service . :/ " 
is back in Searcy . There is ice on the ground . She does not have a happy face . DX 
back to the grind , kids . :/ 
' s brain goes explodey-plodey-plodey ... 
' s presidential chair has bright blue upholstery . 
survived the first week bright and sunshiny ! 
is having an unfortunate ABBA phase . :/ 
is ... a heathen . 
is a bit too excited about changing her Facebook to Latin ... sorry English ( Pirate ) . 
accidentally took a nap in the library today . Those rocking chairs on the second floor are just too comfortable ... 
requests that if it's going to snow , at least have enough snow to cancel morning classes . 
should be sleeping or doing her Latin but she is writing instead . 
wants to sleep in because school is canceled but now she's awake because she had to keep checking to see if school was canceled . 
still has mixed feelings about this whole \snow\ " concept ... " 
goes floaty floaty floaty ... 
wishes her parents the happiest of anniversaries ! :D 
is almost halfway through ... DX 
is taking a short music break to celebrate surviving the first half of the week . * dance dance dance * 
is tired of thinking , but must study on . 
doesn't understand why half of her Facebook is in Latin and the other half in English . 
hopes there is actually a two-hour delay because she is not going to 8 o'clock class . 
is done with class and will probably stay inside for the rest of the day all snugly warm . 
: \Snow : a blessing and a bloody nuisance . \"" 
is back to the grindstone . Meh . 
awaits the day she can wear tennis shoes without fear of wet socks . 
eats Reese's Pieces Hearts . NOMNOMNOM . 
feels tragically misunderstood . * dramatic sigh * 
is going to take a nap now . Yes . Alright . 
has been given a billion and two chances to do her Latin today , but still hasn't . :/ 
got caught dancing to Lady Gaga in the stairwell . * acute shame * 
has learned that four cups of coffee doesn't neutralize the effects of her cold medicine , but in fact only makes her loopier . 
had a happy unbirthday thanks to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > . 
is staying on top of it . Or maybe just a little to the left . 
took a break from studying to recite some T . S . Eliot . She has strange hobbies . 
is glad that mom will finally stop bugging her for a new couple picture . 
finds herself in a conundrum . 
made it into Shores ! 
is too excited ! XD 
is registered , suckaz ! 
' s story placed first in the < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > Writing Contest ! :D 
will not fall for any April Fools antics this year . Hopefully . 
<3 < PROPMALE > Schama . 
says : \mmm ... drugs . \"" 
is determined not to go to bed before 2AM . Sleep is for the weak ! 
seems to be a member of minority group that believes that \Do not wear jeans\ " means \ " Do not wear jeans . \"" 
:: The good kids go to Greece . The bad kids go to < PROPFEMALE > . The misfits go to England . 
is going to let it all go , flowing away like a < PROPFEMALE > syrup river down the northside of < PROPFEMALE > mountain . 
is in the mood to do something a little bit stupid . 
goes arrgh arrgh arrgh arrgh ... 
has murdered a ridiculous number of trees today . 
Dear Weather , Why are you < PROPFEMALE > and unecessarily cold ? What did we do to hurt your feelings ? Yours , < PROPFEMALE > . 
is showing her research paper who's REALLY the boss ! Take THAT ! And THAT ! 
believes that massive story-editing sessions make her hungry . The tragedy is that she has nothing to nom on , and it's five minutes to curfew . 
WILL survive this week . She WILL . 
believes that the postlady just made her day . And that was AFTER she took the easiest bible final in the history of bible finals . 
will manage to watch El Dorado and study for English Studies at the same time , because today is an epic day . 
is a sad face . 
is done with finals ! She can no longer put stuffing her life into two suitaces . 
is ready to ship off . Just waiting on the RA . 
\Dear California 
did her jury duty very ... dutifully . 
has read 3 books this summer . Only 1,000,000,002 to go . 
says mer . 
was trying to make oatmeal-craisin-pecan cookies ... and made an oatmeal-craisin-pecan cake instead . 
forgot the joy of curling up in bed with a nice , thick novel . 
hopefully hasn't lost her chicken-pot-pie-making skills . 
has read 5 books this summer . Only 1,000,002 to go . 
the hardest part is starting the story . Except for continuing the story . That's pretty hard too . 
fears that her sister is building a robot army from Mountain Dew cans and pudding cups . 
thinks that apathy with insomnia can be a very bad combination indeed . 
has been reduced to instant coffee . It smells like burnt rubber . Monmouth seems so long ago now . 
has a job interview ! She will plant it in good soil and water it everyday and make sure it gets plenty of sun and hopefully it will grow into a real job and give her money . 
' s house is full of smoke . Contrary to popular opinion , it is not her fault . 
starts work tomorrow . :D 
refuses to drink the kool-aid . 
just sent her beloved children out into the real world for the first time . She hopes they will not eat too much paste . 
is bored with Dostoevsky's Crime and Punishment , so she thinks she will read Heinlein's Starship Troopers instead . :D 
finished Starship Troopers , and has moved on to Solzhenitsyn's Warning to the West . 
rarely watches any kind of soccer , but those last four minutes were amazing ! 
votes Toy Story 3 for best sequel of a sequel ever . 
baked her own granola ! Vote : does this make her more or less of a yuppie ? 
has come to embrace the mystical properties of Pandora . 
' s blueberry scones are scrumdidilyumptious ! 
burnt the crust of her quiche . DX 
MUFFINS ! ' nuff said . 
killed the monster spider of doom ( black widow , yikes ! ) that took up residence in her car . 
has only two more weeks of work ! :D 
has one more day of work , and then it's on to the month of weddings . 
came the closest to punching out a customer that she ever has on her last day of work . 
is picking apart the catalog looking for loopholes that she might fall in when trying to graduate . 
will be in < PROPFIRST > until Monday . 
is home again , home again , jiggity jog . 
has a wedding to attend . 
had an unfortunate first time run-in with a curling iron . :( 
thinks that < PROPFEMALE > the Vampire Slayer makes packing go much faster even if it takes more time . 
is safe in Searcy . :D 
thinks it is almost worth living in Arkansas for the apple butter . 
is ... surprisingly not in the mood for sleep . 
is now definitely in the mood for sleep . 
is a little scared of Pandora . It spontaneously began playing music in Spanish when she began doing her Spanish homework . 
says \mer . \"" 
baked shortbread ! :D 
thinks three fire alarms in one night is a wee bit excessive . 
found a spider in her bed and officially has the heeby jeebies . 
: \There's a party in my toolbox and science is invited ! \ " :D " 
is hating this week vehemently . 
didn't fail her Spanish test ! 
kind of failed her cheesecake ... 
found 20p in her backpack this morning and had a sudden , overwhelming < PROPFEMALE > to go to Sainsbury's and buy tarts . 
loved < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE>'s lingerie shower ! < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > Horton's cake was delicious . 
is < PROPMALE > ! Sort of . 
writing a poem instead of doing her homework . 
is experimenting with scones . 
can stop listening to electronica whenever she wants . Really . 
' s Baking Hypothesis #1 : < PROPFEMALE > oil can substitute the vegetable oil in cake batter . Test results : FALSE . 
made a highly unstable but delicious chicken caesar sandwich . 
Thinks she may stay up into the wee hours tonight and knock out her paper instead of staying up into the wee hours tomorrow night and doing it then . 
showed that paper who was boss ! Hopefully it will look just as good when I wake up . 
gets Pyrex for her birthday ! SWEET ! 
says thanks for birthday wishes ! :D 
requests that if she going into maniacal rampage , don't mind her . 
shattered her hard drive today . She's SO talented . 
' s computer is fixed ! Thanks boyfriend . <3 
is back in real life . * sigh * 
just baked way too many brownies . 
is dishwashing champion ! 
thinks that poets should not write literary criticism until they can realize the difference . 
is considering maniacal rampage as an alternative to graduating . 
loves Jell-o ! OMNOMNOM . 
is a-makin ' curry . 
wrote 2000 words in one sitting . 
' s oral interview was not as horrible as she thought it would be but it was still pretty horrible . 
is in several places at once . Beat that time-space continuum whatsit ! 
is having trouble focusing on writing her paper for some mysterious reason . 
is finished with papers , but has become the next reincarnation of Death-in-Life . 
goes glint glint glint . 
is considering sleeping until Friday . Is that okay ? Yes , it is . 
is studying to < PROPFEMALE > + The Machine . 
' s nails are a sinful shade of red . ;) 
is a blusher . 
is so excited that < PROPFEMALE > Sween is going to be her matron of honor ! 
bought her wedding dress ! 
is in Texas . Again . 
Flu , this is Bronchitis . Bronchitis , meet Flu . You both know Asthma . Now let's have a party . Right before the semester starts . 
thinks that < PROPFEMALE > Partridge is as cute as a really cute button . 
is as snug as a bug in a rug . 
has discovered that after tring to speak publicly in a foreign language , speaking publicly in English holds no fears . 
can't sleep , so she is wedding planning instead . 
is writing to < PROPFIRST > Sharpe & The Magnetic Zeros . 
< PROPFEMALE > Partridge : \Extra protein via voodoo monkey skull is probably not a good idea . \ " Happy < PROPFIRST>'s everyone ! " 
made homemade sugar scrub , because she is just that awesome . 
wonders if there is a female version of the \bromance . \"" 
has written the first < PROPFEMALE > of her senior symposium . 
hacks hacks hacks away . 
goes blah on allergies . 
found three bees in her house today . This is not good for her nerves . 
\I won't worry about that because it's perfectly simple . \"" 
is watching Muppet Christmas < PROPFIRST > and making Spanish flashcards . 
Apple 
can't wait can't wait can't wait ! 
: stainless steel mango . 
is successfully chillin ' . 
Nutella + Tangerines = Messy Gastronomic Bliss 
just put the finishing touches on her Senior Symposium and is thinking that she might just manage to graduate in May . 
:: Have you ever felt that you spent so much time dreaming the night before that you woke up tired ? Yeah , it doesn't make sense to me either . 
writes poems about dead ladies on the living room floor in her sleep . 
Does anyone else think the evidence surrounding Osama bin Laden's death is a little sketch ? I can't tell if my sketchiness radar is going off because I'm paranoid or because I'm a critical thinker . 
