damn got all this ap hw 4 no reason 

putting music on i tunes about < PROPFEMALE > play da game ... 
Highly upset >=/ 
Smh near year same dumb ass people doin the same dumb shit 
Wow I guess common sense ain't as common as I thought -____- 
your world is nothing but a figure of ur imagination used to cope with the insecurities and fault in your life so you put up this barrier around u to justify the fact that your nothing more than a impossible child lost in their own mind trapped to be only wat their afraid to be ...... different 
birthday in 2days XD ! 
BIRTHDAY IN 2DAYS XD ! 
finally put sum new pics up ... now ladybug can stop laffing at me all the time lol 
grades was on point this quarter still aint get that 4.00 damn teachers lls 
idk wat to get tatted next my arm or back ? 
weight trainning tomorrow ugh ! lol 
Worst week ever ... got chased by a deer when did they start chasing ppl smh 
Just got the hair cut off to go get anova tattoo siced 
Some people take facebook way too seriously lol 
I hate getting shots at the doctors ! 
Got the provisonal all I need now is a car .... 
Lol she ( ladybug ) just made my night 
Ugh school 
People n school funny as shit lmao 
Whether you know it or not ur my inspiration ... u make me push myself to do better .... when times get hard I think of you and everything seems better 
Sore as shit I can barely move wtf smh never again ..... 
Food is like the best thing in the whole world 
Omg about to jump out of the second floor window ....... 
About to jump out the second floor window !!! 
Is filled with anger 
Don't you hate seeing someone you like or love flirting with someone else ... shit gets me every time ! 
Its funny how people change over time 
Kids if you really want to piss your parents off buy real estate in an imaginary place 
Got back from the pool dark as shit now lol 
In the 17 years I have been living I have realized that it doesn't matter how good u look how muh money u have or what < PROPFEMALE > the case maybe we are all humans and we all fuck up n someway wat makes it all worth the while is having someone to go to after tha fuck up ...... so who wats to be that someone lls 
Mood : optinistic 
Mood : optimistic 
Lol dunked on this nigga at the rec siced as shit 
messing with teachers in school lmbo ....,,,.... ( hopefully they dont put me out ) 
WHO IS BETTER KOBE OR LEBRON ? CLEARLY ITS KOBE BUT WHAT DO YOU THINK ? 
Dont let the smile fool you ... 
diamondprincess just made my night lls 
bored ..... 
running laps in 100 degrees is not cool ... get it 100 degrees not cool ... fuk it lls 
never afraid to ask the BIG question ... lol 
lets see , whos day am i going to make today ...??? 
damn everybody and they mother gotta facebook LITTERALY lol 
so keep your mouth closed & let your eyes listen 
If she really cooks for me she the f'ing best ! lol 
venting to my own personal phycologist lls 
you know shit fucked up when your personal psycologist doesnt know wat to tell you .... thanks for trying though 
wish i cud see the world through the eys of < PROPFIRST > wonder 
wtf y is it so hard to find a summer job ? lol i need advise ..... 
Be who you are and say what you mean because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind 
cant wait till track starts back up 
Seeing Avatar this weekend hope it will be on point lls 
damn i cud not sleep last night ..... i blame < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > lol 
Worst fuking day n it aint over yet 
Mad at diamondprincess for not textin ' me ur definetly getting birthday hits now !!! 
Wat am i gona get this kid for \her\ " bday lol " 
cant sleep 
iight enuff games time to get serious ....... on moves over here 
anova tat this weekend ..... 
dnt worry you dnt lebron to win a championship in fact every single team that has a championship did it with out him lol all u need is kobe 
why is it < PROPFEMALE > u wana settle down to one girl tey think ur playing ? lol damn do guys fuck up that bad lol 
its always nice to know that you have someone you can count on to be there or at least try to be ....... 
Bored n not tired at all 
Messed up my knee again ... hope the docs can fix me up 
Do distant relationships ever workout ? 
Just got n da house been on < PROPMALE > moves ..... 
nuffin to do bouta find my brova n get n to shit 
Watching \finding nemo \"" 
Aint got nuffin planned .... this is a wateva day 
Yes i make mistakes that i can make excuses for like leaving girls that love me and constantly suducing hoes 
I talk slicka than auh pimp from agusta bitches waz ip wit ya ? I hate callin the women bitches but da bitches love it 
I talk slicka than auh pimp from agusta bitches waz up with ya ? I hate callin the women bitches but the bitches love it .... 
I hate when im textin some1 n they take 4eva to text back n da middle of a convo .... 
Omg stop poking me ! Lol 
{{{{{ Goose and patron gets me in da zone }}}}} ayee !! Lol 
She say she wana get loose so i gave her grey goose u wit a < PROPFEMALE > baby act like u no wat to do lol 
Now dats how u let da beat build Bitccchhh !!!! Lol 
... and wat i need is simple 5 5\ wit dimples potential wife credentials ... " 
Err1 keep pushin me to the edege so i flip my middle finger n let my wings spread .... n fly 
Shawty say da nigga dat she wit aint shit ... and he cant do this and he dont do that 
Hard work pays off in the end ... 
That just blew my day ... n a bad mood now 
Awww man im starting to get fat smh i needa stop being lazy 
tomorrow is \Friday The 13Th \"" 
All I want is a snickers and a good movie 
\I'm not worried about da past I'm n a good mood now n errthing is fine so let's just cheerish the moment together ... that way < PROPFEMALE > things get worst we know it can only get better \"- Marcus " 
I think ima end up being up all night again .... 
I wana go skydiving but I'm scared my parachute wudnt open ... lmao 
Like this status if u don't know y u still up 
Didn't show up ... but it wasn't my fault hope she understands ... 
Someone call me lol 
Like my status and I will tell you something I always wanted to tell u but never did .... 
Don't ever forget the day u began to doubt ... I'm trasitioning from fitting in to standing out 
Wtf when I'm hungry there ain't nuffin to eat .... but when I'm not there's big food in da house .... lol 
Mosquitoes are the most innoying things in the world ..... 
< PROPFIRST > cowboys ... way better than the washington 4wins redskins lol 
I wonder what all girls think about lol ???? 
In all my hard classes sitting smooth next to the smartest person lol to lazy this year 
Sometimes I wish I could just forget .... 
Why is it when a guy is trying to settle down girls think he playing n next his ass lol 
I wana be a rockstar just so I can jump into the crowd n let em < PROPFEMALE > me .... then I'm quit lol 
Sometime you have to let go of the ones you love ... too much of a good things is always a bad thing 
Needs to find a gf lmao 
Hey who wana be my best friend ... don't be shy I'm a pretty nive person ... lol sometime 
Hey who wana be my best friend ..... don't be shy I'm a pretty nice person ... lol sometimes 
I fuckin hate liers ... especially when they look u in the face and do it .... 
You guys are disappointing ... we gotta find some sort of balance 
Need someone to call and talk to ..... 
Who is still up ? 
Someone call me 
Fucking hate math 
Damn teachers making us go around and ask ppl questions ugh ... 
This is the dumbest survey in the history of surveying 
I need to find someone to marry on here ...... 
Wow this was a hot night ... I feel sick going to bed 
Music takes me somewhere else mentally . 
What is the real purpose of poking on facebook ??? 
Man we live a fucked up world believe that ... 
Smh I fucked up ... 
Gota stone heart I feel no pain . I will never love another women its just me and my money ..... 
I'm like a champange top I'm ready to pop off baby , got so much money I can look at the cops all crazy 
I triple money , double girls , call it a triple double no assists ... 
I want another tat ... 
Might as well get up and start my day ... 
Just jogged 2 < PROPMALE > thought it was sweet whole time I forgot I have to jog back ... smh -__- 
Down at the monument at the black family reunion ...... 
Of course < PROPFIRST > will will < PROPFIRST > beat the redskins ? Is that a rhetorical question ? 
Of course < PROPFIRST > will beat the redskins ... was that a rhetorical question ? Lol 
Wtf ! No his dike ass did not just fumble like that ! Smh 
Oh my gosh can we at least score ... we better win or ima never hear the end of this shit at school .... 
stuck with the bad ass lil brother for the day lol 
What are the newest jordans ? 
I have a terrible habit of waiting till the last < PROPFEMALE > to do everything lol 
Debating on if I'm going to school or not .... hhhmmmm 
Football then err1 weight training at my house lls 
Word of the day * infidelity * 
I wish I was physic ... things would be so much easier right now ..... 
I always wanted to ......... * like this status and find out * 
Parents going outa town for 3days and leaving me home .... they should've known better lol 
I need someone to tell my problems to when times get hard .... 
People can think what they want ... who the fuck are they ? 
The girls that let u fuk on the 1st day are anything .... the ones that make you wait are keepers ..... mamma taught me well lls 
Niggas be < PROPFEMALE > like shit in their face book status ! 
A need a girl that can motivate me .... 
I need a girl that can motivate me .... lol 
Chilling in suitland for the day ...... 
I swear sometimes your own family can be some petty mother fuckers 
Just got a new tattoo extra siced 
Damn < PROPFIRST > why you eat all the damn cake man ? Lol lil sis is too funny over here 
got damn Romo and his interceptions ... awww well hopefully the colt win !! 
I wonder if crazy people look at normal people like there crazt lmao 
I wonder if carzy people look at normal people like there crazy 
Just like you I get lonely too ... 
Never do the wrong thing because it looks right ... 
Why the hell are these people having a bachlorette party in a nail salon ? Are they crazy ? Lls smh 
I think I have a spending habbit ... lol 
2interceptions already- * < PROPFIRST > * 
Wtf romo is out I don't even wana know what happens next I'm callin it a night ... 
< PROPFIRST > fucking up this year ... now I know what it feels like to be a redskins fan last year 
Ugh I hate physics 
Watching this bad kid trying to do this physics and cooking at the same time ... guess I'm not doing hw tonight lls 
Track practice Monday not looking forward to it lls :( 
Cookies or doughnuts ? 
Is it fat to day dream about food ? 
I need some ideas for my next tattoo ... any suggestions ? 
I want a McGriddle 
Track practice is no laughing matter .... 
Its only two ways to be successful in this world hard work or taking advantage of others ... smh 
Can't sleep .... to night is not a good night 
I h8 when people waste my fucking time ... don't say ur gona do something and dont do it ... 
Might go pass H&M and buy this jacket or whateva idk lol 
I hate depending on other people to do shit and they come up with dumbass excusses 
I think I pulled a muscle ... extreme pain :( 
I like islek lmao ..... 
Omg not again .... 
I need a personal therapist like now ... 
Omg I missed the movies ... and someone wanted to creep up on people smh lls 
Smh its a shame how someone close to you can look you in the face and lie ...... 
She said \id be lying if I said I felt the same\ " smh ------> discouraged -___-" 
Aw well came too far to give up now ... -------> determined 
3 things I like about you ..... ( like this status ) 
Stalking people at the mall is not cool -_- 
All cowboy fans should like this status *** lol 
Cowboys !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
ugh not feeling good at all 
Women of my dreams I don't sleep so I can't find her 
I had a horrible track meet today \smh^2\ " someone cheer me up or make me laugh please .... :( " 
Sore in bed texting the life of an athlete lol 
Missed the opportunity of a life time smh (-___-) 
Omg I hate hurdles ! Lmao 
Highly energetic !!! 
I lost my mind ... its somewhere out there stranded .... 
Lol I can't sleep ima be up all night smh 
I fuckin hate stupid ass ppl ... like what is your purpose in life ? Your father should wore a condom and your mother should have swollowed you !!! >=| -----> PISSED 
I think I'm too nice clearly ima have to smack u in your mouth like u my son huh ? 
Oh my gosh I am going to fucking kill this person ! And yes this is premeditated and u can use this as my confession ! some call me be for I go to jail ! 
Who trying to do something today ? I refuse to stay in the house ! Lol 
Bout to go to chipotle real quick ^_^ 
