its usually where the flu is a harmless thing that you hear of until it actually gets you . Talk about bad < PROPFEMALE > . And right before finals too .... 

a day off . now to get caught up on homework and exams for saturday . This school has no mercy for the lazy :P 
now to sit in wait and prepare for the trip back to the Military Institute 
i wouldn't believe it . But tis be the air force life for me ~ 
Now the energy is gone . period . 
Totally studied for the wrong thing ... gotta restudy something else in 20 minutes before i head in for the exam , cramming sure hurts . 
Whoever came up with Army Field < PROPMALE > FM 3- 21.5 must've had a sense of humor when he named it . 
Hypocrites and politics don't mix (\\(\\;;/)/) 
i don't know about you , but fiesta time is going to be coming around the corner ! 
To square one i go , where i once had to know about the one foe who i let overcome me . Now i sit in a class full of chaps who have arguments over who gets shot by a bag named Shuhgurr ... I was picked ... 
well , that doesnt matter anymore . so much for artificial food . 
muchas gracias to those recognizing my birthday lol . it just means more schooling is in store for me , bleh .. 
i have convlnced myself that i cannot pronounce linguistic english anymore . Too hard to try . 
Well , 11th place at nationals isn't bad . just means we have to do better , but with a different team ... oh how my head hurts when i think about the 4d experience .. motion sickness ... 
No silly award is going to make me different , only someone for everyone to watch fail sometime down the line . All i think is that the greatest reward is from within , depict with your own heart what it matters to you . rawr .. 
YeAH !!!!!! i guess all thats good , ends well , and leaves just one more story to tell . To the people i will never see again , I salute you ! x.X 
Now to continue my journey , bearly being among uncivilized for one night , i head north , or rather , dead west to see the center of new mexico for 11 days less than a fort night . How bout them apples ? 
ll excuse ameeeoooooww , a hot cat just came into sight . Lol So how bout them tacos :D 
Uh , Jafafa ~ 
okay .. if everything is an illusion and nothing exists ; Then in that case , I \ 
definitely overpaid for my carpet . 
and just like that , * poof * a taco . 
Schlitterbahns , oh yes ! 
Only in Texas can you find a Taqueria thats open from 8 in the morning to 10:30 at night :) 
why are potatoes good predators ? 
Dont play when you think your going to lose . Play when you know you have everything to lose , only few to gain , and a mentality to follow through to the very end . 
Fine then , look at a leaf and DETOXIFY yourself :) 
I : feel like 20 bucks & a nickel . Q : Will that buy me a coke ? 
do you like waffles ? 
In the attempts to dry clean early , 5 out of 7 white shirts come back a cream white . What's up with that ? 
i would like a staples button . so it can be easy . 
Eah .. something just isn't quite right . French toast ? Another Taco ? Skittles ? 
Yeah i just got the biggest smack to the face ever . Reality just isn't in my favor , but it sure presents an interesting feeling . Course it could just be the burn on my hands . I'ma bad SGT . har-har-har . 
Never once have i seen a show that mixed Goldilocks , Three Little Pigs and the Big Bad Wolf , < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > and the Bean Stock , Bagpipes , Aladdin , Old lady who lives in a shoe , Mole rats , Pinocchio , and Dumbo in a 5 minute episode until now . Soooo weird .... 
< PROPFIRST > Brockman ... Sigh . 
You and I wake up to the Zombie Apocalypse together . Using only 4 words what do you say to me ? Note : If you comment , you must copy and paste this in your status so I can comment on yours . 
Who still treats flying as an occasion ? 
Grand Theft ... Zombies ? 
