Got my new computer . 

Trollen fags is some fun stuff . :D 
Today really sux , nothing is going at all my way and people don't understand I really don't want to do something . <_< . I hope this is by far the worst day of summer for me . 
I LOVE POWER OUTAGES . 
You can catch me on the speed train . Beeper in a three-way . Shinin ' with the gleam chain and your < PROPFEMALE > givin ' me brain . 
Driving on the wrong side of the road is fun . :D 
People know nothing about the dibs rule . <_< 
Raging profusely . 
I'm bored and tired ... not a good combo 
Caught up in circles , confusion is nothing new . 
Looking for a new car . 
Looking for something to do . 
I think I'm gonna be sick . 
Could it be that it didn’t happen ? Could it be that I wasn’t there ? I could swear that my eyes were open . But there’s nothing at which to stare . 
Playing Rock Band because I've got nothing better to do . 
We can't stop the world from turning . We don't hear a word they say . We can't stop the sun from burning . Forever and a day 
Today's forecast : Filled with rage . Tomorrows forecast : Filled with rage . Rest of the week : No change . 
loves dicks 
GOD DAMN < PROPFEMALE > 
Not having a good week . 
There is nothing to do in Plainfield 
I really need a job . 
Wish I could take away all sorrow and anger away from your heart . so sorry I can't . 
I remember the time , when all you could feel was hate . You were poisoned with fear and you lost everything that you loved . I reached out my hand , I taught you to fight like a man . 
is so confused . >_< 
I've been pushing it down pretending it doesn't exist . Well this is what happens when you're pissed about being pissed . You dig yourself so deep you resist just to resist and there's no way to get back experiences that you missed . So start right now to 
Dream ; send me a sign . Turn back the clock , give me some time . I need to break out and make a new name . Let's open our eyes to the brand new day . 
Ghost ridin ' 
I'm tired of playin ' with you , right now I think your times up ; givin ' mixed signals , that I don't have control of . I'm losin ' my mind . 
When you feel down and you're alone . Fallin ' on your knees , your life seems to be ... just gone ; cry out in vain . 
Now I'm thinking of a way that I can make an escape . It's got me caught up in a web and my hearts the prey . Do you really wanna throw your heart away ? 
My AIM username has become corrupted apparently . If you guys want to talk to me my new username is Kamori48ma . Just say hi and tell me who you are :D 
Apparently my old AIM account decided to start working again today . <_< I'll be using that unless my current goes down again . 
And I , I do not dare deny the basic beast inside . It's right here , it's controlling my mind . And why do I deserve to die ? I'm dominated by this animal that's locked up inside . 
Being a super genius makes life hard . For one you have crazy dream . Nothing is a challenge for you , everything is boring . Also to make up for your awesome looks and being a super genius you've got bad luck and are really lazy . 
I wanna take you in my fists and squeeze the life back into you , but there is nothing I can do - You are gone . 
I am hiding from some beast but the beast was always here ; watching without eyes because the beast is just my fear ; that I am just nothing . Now its just what I've become . 
Can't keep my eyes open ... dosing off only to wake up immediately after . I just wish my body would make up it's mind . 
Hope and pray that you'll never need me , but rest assured I will not let you down . I'll walk beside you but you may not see me , the strongest among you may not wear a crown . 
Check out the meteor storm , it looks really cool from a creepy corn field . I suggest you all see it , it's only going to be around till like Friday or something like that . 
District 9 is the best movie that came out this year . 
You thought you were so tough ; you had it all under control . Now nothing's enough , gonna take back what you stole . 
What's the best laser tag place near Joliet ? 
Turn back the clock give me some time I need to break out ; and make a new name . Let's open our eyes to the brand new day . 
I just broke into my own house . If you want to find out why just ask . 
THIS JUST IN : I'M THE MOST AMAZING PERSON IN THE WORLD ! 
Going fast makes me feel alive . My heartbeat's , in hyper drive . Do you think you can win , only if I lose . Just let < PROPFEMALE > choose . 
Take a show at me runnin ' side by side . It's a blur ... as I go by . I can hear you breathin ' . I can hear you comin ' . I can feel the wind . It's blowin ' me around . See the sun a risin ' . Fire in the sky . Greatness thrusts itself into our lives . 
Listenin ' to tards fail at making sea salt ice cream . 
I , I do not dare deny the basic beast inside ; it's right here , it's controlling my mind ! And why do I deserve to die ? I'm dominated by this animal that's locked up inside ! 
I just spent the better part of 2hrs attacking a boss that had infinite health ... I only lost becuase it went after me and the other guy in my party who could heal . 
Need's more < PROPFEMALE > in here . 
I'd like to make myself believe that Planet Earth turns slowly . 
Nerf Zombie Tag at < PROPFIRST > Horn Woods Starts at 5:30 PM on this Saturday . 
After all it was you thats the only explanation in your broken train of thoughts you had it all so figured out but you wrong all along its just faulty informatio . 
Are there any good games for the PS3 or Wii ? Please if you know some give me a list or just post even one . 
My computer exploded so I'm building a new one . Well it looks like this will have to be a gift from me to me . :D 
Oh , < PROPFEMALE > ball , hear my song I'm fading out , everything I know is wrong so put me where I belong . 
Semantic goals , I disregard the simple truth . I trade my fear , I trade my hurt in for my youth . 
Some people seem to think they always know what's best for you . Their little minds try to create a world to keep you still the bolt is thrown , the cage is locked . 
Dragon Age needs to have moar grindin ' . 
http://firstpersontetris.com/?tetris It's Hard mode . 
So now watch as I rise to a whole new height ; and my mad battle cry will be heard all night . 
I've got a melanoma on my spine and some other type of cancer that my doctor has never seen before over my heart . This really sucks . 
There's nothing more real and nothing's what it seems ; we're always caught in between . 
Now realise the stars they die darkness has fallen in paradise but we'll be strong and we will fight against the creatures of the night . 
Your fingers were crossed behind your back before you ever gave me a chancel but now I have learned , to trust myself and I don’t need anyone else . 
You can only be ditched if you had confirmed plans . Maybe is NOT a confirmation 
I can’t lose you , who I kept searching for , you’re my < PROPFEMALE > I want to try and believe , I still don’t understand the meaning of eternity , but you’re my < PROPFEMALE > . If I compose tomorrow’s dream then it’ll become my < PROPFEMALE > , say you’ll share with me one love . 
The way you're bathed in light reminds me of that night , god laid me down into your < PROPFEMALE > garden of trust and I was swept away with nothin ' left to say , some helpless fool . 
The secret side of me , I never let you see . I keep it caged but I can't control it , so stay away from me , the beast is ugly I feel the rage and I just can't hold it . 
It was the wicked and wild wind blew down the doors to let me in , shattered windows and the sound of drums , people couldn't believe what I'd become . 
If I could do it all again I'd go back and change everything , but time won't let me go . 
I'm imbarking on the path of regret . I've traveled this path so many times before that I know everything on it and even though I know the end result that doesn't change the fact that I must do this . 
I swear it's killing me all our shattered hopes and our long dead dreams . The wreckage that we all try to keep from coming to life and tearing us apart at the seams . 
If rain brings winds of change , let it rain on us forever . I have no doubts from what I've seen I have never wanted more . With this line I'll < PROPFIRST > the past as a symbol of beginning . 
I am just a man , I'm not superhuman . Someone save me from the hate . It's just another war , just another family torn . 
No matter how much we look back at the past we can never go back , we can never change what has already happened . 
I'm a God among men and a < PROPMALE > among Gods . This world belongs to me and I say we need to change it ! We need a more pieceful place without war and where people can feel free to express themselves , will YOU help me make that world ? 
I watched you as you so peacefully dreamed ; you laughed like a child , happy and care free . It's all familiar and yet so far . That's the future is promised for you and me . 
Can a dream be about changing yourself and if you do change then who is the real you ? 
Who is the man I see ; where I'm supposed to be ? I lost my heart , I buried it too deep under the iron sea . 
It's hard to believe that it came to this you paralyzed my body with the poisoned kiss . For 40 days and nights I was chained to your bed ; you thought that was the end of the story . Something inside me called freedom came alive ! 
Feels like my death is near ... I wish death would hurry up and take me , it's better than waiting ... 
Whatever lies beyond this morning , is a little later on . Regardless of warnings , the future doesn't scare me at all , nothings like before ... 
We were the kings and queens of promise ; we were just phantoms of ourselves . Maybe the children of a lesser God , between Heaven and Hell . Into your eyes ; hopeless and taken . We stole our new lives through blood and in defense of our dreams . 
The truth that many people never understand , until it is too late , is that the more you try to avoid suffering the more you suffer because smaller and more insignificant things begin to torture you in proportion to your fear of being hurt . 
It is impossible to fall out of love . Love is such a powerful emotion , that once it envelops you it does not depart . True love is eternal . If you think that you were once in love , but fell out of it , then it wasn't love you were in . There are no ' exit ' signs in love , there is only an ' on ' ramp . 
What can we gain by sailing to the < PROPFEMALE > if we are not able to cross the abyss that separates us from ourselves ? This is the most important of all voyages of discovery , and without it , all the rest are not only useless , but disastrous ... 
Destruction leads to a very rough road , but it also breeds creation and earthquakes are to a girl just another good vibration and tidal waves can't save this world . 
You feel the weight of lies and contradictions that you live with every day . It's not too late , think of what could be if you rewrite the role you play . Take a step before you leap into the colours that you seek . You give back what you give away ; so don't look back on yesterday . 
Don't close your eyes ! This is your life and today is all you've got now , and today is all you'll ever have ! 
Was I born to walk alone , through the fire and the storm , pushing myself to the limit . Was it meant to be this way , spending my days , all on my own . 
Find the way . Without words we can go on . Without wings we can fly . We'll stand our ground and just look up towards the sky . We know the path we've traveled can't be wrong ; we see the light is shining at the end . 
What seems so out of reach ; we're holding it right in our hands . Let's give up everything , and let's jump in and never look back . 
We already know how it ends tonight , you run in the dark through a firefight , and I would explode just to save your life . 
Softly we tremble tonight , picture perfect fading smiles are all that's left in sight . I said I'd never leave ; you'll never change and I'm not satisfied with where I'm at in life . You said that you would die for me but I want you to live for me . 
Do you know what it's like when you're scared to see yourself ? Do you know what it's like when you wish you were someone else ? Do you know what it's like to wanna surrender ? 
It's out of my hands but stuck in my mind in time I find my spine is crooked in design ; I want to be so much . Take this hand , and together we can make a better world ; one where people don't have to be afraid and alone anymore . 
I've lost myself or most of me . I'm headed for the final precipice , but you haven't lost me yet . I'll run until my heart caves in . 
I've got my back against the wall , but I can still hear the blue sky call . The chains that hold me back inside are the prisons of my mind . 
You say that you're leaving , say that you don't need him . All I do is give and you just take . I guess that I knew it , I can't make it through but I'm going to try this anyways . 
If a key opens a lot of locks , it's a great key , but if a lock is opened by a lot of keys , it's a really shitty lock . 
Ain't no sunshine when she's gone , and this house just ain't no home anytime she goes away . 
LET IT ALL BURN ! I will burn first ; God I've tried , am I lost in your eyes ? Just let me burn , it's what I deserve . God I've lied , am I lost in your eyes ? 
In the brightest hour of my darkest day , I realized what is wrong with me ; I can't get over you and I can't get through to you . One last kiss , before I go . Dry your tears , it is time to let you go . Because days come and go but my feelings for you are forever . 
When I start the zombie apocalypse who should I save ? 
Could it be that the angel of death has come for me ? I can't believe that my time has come ; I don't feel ready , there's so much left undone , and it's my soul and I'm not gonna let it slip away . Heaven Can wait ! 
You put my picture in a box ; it was the one inside your locket . Your fingers say to come , but your eyes say I should stop it . If I regret all I've done , I would be trapped inside that locket . 
Lika a gift from the heavens ; it was easy to tell , it was love from above that could save me from hell . She had fire in her soul ; it was easy to see how the devil himself could be pulled out of me . 
Tonight I'm so alone , this sorrow takes ahold . Your touch used to be so kind ; your touch used to give me life . You were my source of strength ; I've traded everything that I love for this one thing . 
I'm down and I get deeper with every breath . I'm over the edge farther with every step and I'm taking my last breath . I can transcend you and mentally bend you , but I can't handle the shit that I'm into . I have been blinded and always reminded of the things I've wanted but I never could find . I am a part of a world that I hate I wish the end would come faster ; my world's a disaster . 
What am I supposed to do when the best part of me was always you ? And what am I supposed to say when I'm all choked up that you're ok ? I'm falling to pieces . 
I need to move through this . The waiting just kills me and whatever you do is on you , I'm washed clean . Don't be alarmed now . The story's ending . These aren't open arms , they're just waving you away . 
Night falls and I'm running in circles , I'm being chased by my imagination . Tell me I'm forgiven say you'll always be mine ; say that everything is over , tell me I'm fine ... No one deserves to live like this ! 
What hurts the most was being so close and having so much to say and watching you walk away . Never knowing what could have been and not seeing that loving you is what I was trying to do . It's hard to deal with the pain of losing you everywhere I go , but I'm doing it . Living with this regret , but I know if I could do it all over again I would , give away all the words that I saved in my heart , that I left unspoken . 
And at the end of the day , not a fuck was given . 
I've never seen one like you . You're a knife , sharp and deadly , and it's me that you cut into , but I don't mind . She's playing with my heart , and she's playing with my mind . 
who the main character in gundam ? -- My Result : < PROPFEMALE > yamato . http://quizme.heroku.com/quizzes/524345/referrals/status?aid=1644934971 
You can't control an independent heart ; can't tear the one you love apart . Forever conditioned to believe that we can't live . We can't live here and be happy with less ; so many riches , so many souls . 
First time you feel it , it might make you sad . Next time you feel it , it might make you mad , But you'll be glad baby when you've found ; that's the power makes the world go round . It's strong and it's sudden it can be cruel sometimes , but it might just save your life . That's the power of love . 
Each night I put my head to my pillow & I try to tell myself I'm strong because I've gone one more day without you . 
You smile when you feel like crying , you act like you're okay , when you're falling apart inside and you let it go . You move on , because there's nothing else you can do ... 
Even though my heart is tellin me to stay , beggin me to stay , my dignity is telling me I gotta walk away , so I'm gonna say what I gotta say . What's done you can't undo ! I'm gonna break what I gotta break cause you were untrue . 
You know , the person that makes you the happiest will also most likely be the person who will make you cry the hardest ... 
It’s always hardest when you doubt it . It’s out of sight and hides from your voice , but you can never live without it ; it’s your birthright , this beautiful noise . Are you burning the days just to get through the nights ? 
I can feel your heart in motion , deep down in your mind and passion . Life goes on and on , we love each other in the sadness of time . 
How could you come with me when you knew all along that you had to go ? How could you watch me sleep so close to you , pretending not to know ? How could you memorize my name and forget who I am ? How could you think you're still the same believing I can ? 
I could be a wolf in disguise . I could be an angel in your eyes . Never judge a book by it’s cover ! I could be a crook or your lover . I could be the one or the other . If you’d look beneath you’d discover that you just don’t know me ! 
I was dying indside to hold you . I couldn't believe what i felt for you . Dying inside , i was dying inside , but i couldn't bring myself to touch you . 
For now , I am here , but can one trust the future ? No , not in a world that teaches us its ways with the morning < PROPFEMALE > . 
If you should kill someone's husband in battle , then his wife will despise you for that . And if you were to kill someone's son , then his mother will hate you for that as well ... I know that because if someone were to take your life , I would hate them with all my heart . 
Staring out at the rain with a heavy heart . It's the end of the world in my mind . Then your voice pulls me back like a wake up call . I've been looking for the answer . Somewhere , I couldn't see that it was right there , ut now I know what I didn't know ; because you live and breathe . Because you make me believe in myself when nobody else can help . Because you live , girl my world has twice as many stars in the sky . 
If I'm sleeping then this is the best dream I've ever had ... also I'd probably be in a coma and I'm very okay with that if I can keep having this dream . 
If there are things in this world you want to protect ... Sometimes you gotta fight for them ! 
I’m so addicted to all the things you do when you’re going down on me in between the sheets ; all the sounds you make with every breath you take it’s not like anything when you’re loving me ! 
No regrets , not this time ! I'm gonna let my heart defeat my mind and let Your love make me whole ... I think I'm finally feeling something ' cause just okay is not enough . Help me fight through the nothingness of this life ' Cause I don't wanna go through the motions I don't wanna go one more day without you in my arms ... I don't wanna spend my whole life asking , \What if I had given everything ? \"" 
I'll love to try to set you free . I love you all over me , love to hear the sound you make the second you're done . S is for the simplety , E is for the ecstasy , X is just to < PROPFIRST > the spot ' Cause that's the one you really want . 
Please don't worry ' bout me I'm fine . I'm only gonna play the fool one time , trust me when I say that I'll be okay ... 
I guess I could just be overreacting ... maybe a bit of sleep will make me be able to see things clearly ... I just can't sleep knowing what I know ... 
There is a thin line between what is good and what is evil and , I will tiptoe down that line , but I will feel unstable . My life is a circus and I am trippin down that tightrope well , there is nothing to save me now , so I will not look down ... 
< PROPMALE > Silver ring case seems like a good place to hide the next hint . 
What ever happened to the young man's ? Swallowed by pain , as he slowly fell apart and I'm staring down the barrel of a 45 . I'm swimming through the ashes of another life . There's no real reason to accept the way things have changed . 
Let the rain wash away all the pain of yesterday . I know my kingdom awaits and they’ve forgiven my mistakes . 
All the right friends in all the right places . So yeah , we're going down . They've got all the right moves in all the right faces . 
In life every choice you make will piss someone off no matter how hard you try . So long as you can put he pieces back together you're life will not always be a living hell . 
