If you think about it if the glass is half full then that means someone did a half ass job and didn't fill it all the way but if it's half empty someone was nice and only drank half the glass and left some for you . What I'm trying to say is pessimists get a lot of shit sometimes . 

Today men , we feast like kings . We will reach new elevated heights that which we cannot naturally achieve . 
Life is a bittersweet symphony . 
J'ai besoin d'une ambulance , j'ai pris < PROPFEMALE > pire du coup . 
No change , I can change I can change I can change , but I'm here in my mold , I am here in my mold , and I'm a million different people from one day to the next , I can change , my mold , no no no no no .... 
Wom wom wom , sheeeshahh .. 
Even my mother noticed that I was disapointed . She even went through the trouble of asking me what's wrong . 
Je vais faire mes devoirs ... psych . 
... The first time I had a Mcflurry , I thought the spoon was also a straw . Ahahah . 
An arachnid assaulted my genitals ... I think I just slaughtered it . :D 
Gallivanting : It's what I do . :) 
Who would like to go to a show tomorrow in Chino ? \Hit me up\ " haha . " 
The Runaways is a kickass film . I fuckin ' love it . 
Remember Me is never what you would expect . 
Drop Dead < PROPFIRST > is hilarious . The mega bitch is a pile of shit ! XD 
I just got my report card ... throw some D's on that bitch . LOL , just kidding . It usually takes ages for it to arrive .. and so we wait ... 
Doctor , doctor . Doctor's today . 
I'm healthy ! But i've managed to come down to 88 lbs . So annoying ! I've never been three digits . >.< 
Pft yeah , I passed all of my classes , and then some . I'm still disappointed ... Hah . 
went to Malibu . Why ?! To check out the J . < PROPFIRST > Ghetty Museum of < PROPMALE > , of course . C'est interessante . 
abso-fuckin'-lutely loves when her music is choppy because her god damn laptop is so inadequate ! Actually , it's not just the music , it's everything ! =D 
now has a greek helmet keychain from the < PROPMALE > museum attached to her spiffy car key thingymajig . I think it's name is Trojan . 
is amused when a song comes out and everyone and everyone's mom use lines from it to put into their status updates . 
COMPLETE\ 
HONESTY FOR 24 HOURS . You can ask me ONE question ( only in my \ 
inbox ) . I will answer no matter what . You have my full honesty , but I\ 
dare you to put this as your status and see what questions you get (: 
is getting mad over Neopets .... Ahahahah . 
Okay .... my neopet and I are the same weight . She's 31 cms . in height . I'm about 5'3\ . Hahaha . " 
wants to \pimp\ " out her car . Googly eyed school kids blatantly rubbernecking and pointing at the cancer top . At least I have one fuckfaces ! " 
Don't you hate when you're in a dandy mood and then that commercial with the abused and neglected animals with < PROPFEMALE > Mclahlhandgahtyuy's song comes on ? 
Epic . Ride . Home . 
I love rice a < PROPFEMALE > but i'm always too lazy to make it . I want telekinesis . 
When my laptop starts to act up and things get choppy , I know why I hate it so much now ... it sounds like autotune . :O 
is going to SDSU at eight aye em . It's gonna be great ... maybe . 
I couldn't sleep so I watched The Safety of Objects . SAD but a good moral is revealed . 
Insomniatic night ... I guess I'll sleep in the car . SDSU here I come . 
Suprising yet productive day . And I have scratch marks that stung . Cute . 
So this morning , my mom wakes me up by dusting my TV with this new dust thingy she bought .. she said she wanted to help me clean , but really I knew she just wanted to dust TVs . Ahahahah . 
Adventureland soundtrack on repeat . Poifect . 
Audentes Fortunas Juvat . 
Fuckin ' fuckfaces fuck off ... you yuppies runnin ' around as well . 
Since light travels faster than sound , people appear brighter before you hear them speak , amirite ? 
Sexist comments are for cowards . If you can say it behind her back , you can go in the kitchen and say it to her face , amirite ? 
Life woud be easier if we could take off our makeup like Mulan and get rid of weeds with flamethrowers ... I'm so right . 
As they all grow older the truth will be understood , ' cause we never turn out the way we ? thought we would . DCFC speaks . 
Fig newtons ftw . And whole milk , fatty 2% , none of that skim shit . Ahahah . =D 
Going to L.A. 
Happy fourth of jufuck everyone ! I would like to let everyone know that I was spirited with my < PROPFIRST > union knickers on . Haha . 
just watched The Panic Room . Very realistic . 
I haven't slept ; I'll probably continue to do so . 
I actually like waking up at six in the evening at times . I feel like that's where my day is supposed to start . 
got back from the dentist . I now have a consultation for yankin ' out my molars . Greaaaaat ... I'm thinkin ' Arb-oh wait , that's right . ;) 
Not gonna lie ... I get excited sometimes . Like with neopets . I just randomly received 5,000 neopoints . MLIA . 
I gave my neopet an ultra fashionable potato sack to wear . She's < PROPFEMALE > snazzy . 
I . Am . Lame . Ahahahah 
is fucking dizzy and has nausea all the goddamn time ... well , it's on and off . But still ! 
I feel like a demon was released out of me ... I'm not sick anymore ? I guess , we'll see .. Hangin ' out with the feg today . :3 
I thought I had an end of an < PROPFEMALE > , but success ! I never use those friend finder things , but I did just now . I found my former math teacher ! :D 
is contemplating on how to banish her cold sore . 
Did anyone else's power shut off ? I was < PROPFEMALE > close to playing board games in the dark . I wouldn't mind , because ya know ... I own at apples to apples . ;D 
I hate , hate , HATE when my mother just randomly invades my room and starts cleaning . Her methods are fucking ridiculous . 
You know that moment when you realize that everyone has at least one dirty little secret , and then you look at yourself , because you're guilty as well ? 
I NEEED a blowtorch right now . I have to slaughter this spider . 
Dyslexics are teople poo . 
It seems as though everyone and everyone's mom is going to comic con . :P Why is Twilight apart of comic con , again ? 
So ... The Bible is the most shoplifted book in the U.S. How ironic . 
I believe everyone can decide for themselves unless they aren't mentally developed yet , a medical condition holds them back , or someone slips them a roofie . Did I miss anything ? 
Hahah , you know what's kind of ironic ? A tinnitus awareness benefit concert . I hope they'd hand out free ear plugs . 
I once gave a dollar to a homeless man in San < PROPFEMALE > . His name was < PROPFIRST > and he had soul . I once gave a dollar to a homeless man in front of a CVS . He was very thankful and seemed honest . I once gave a dollar to a kind of \nosy\ " homeless man who thinks I'm beautiful and gorgeous . " 
Who lives in a pineapple under the sea ? SPONGEBOB SQUAREPANTS ! Who died in an oil spill caused by BP ? 
Trying to fix the tension on a sewing machine is asking for suicide . 
I buy things I don't absolutely need and have the greatest ideas in the shower or the < PROPFIRST > . That's pretty normal , I know . 
You're baby may be able to read , but it sounds so illiterate . Oh , and the whole thing is just askin ' for a beat down on the playground . 
Uhhm , unless you're a cyclops , I believe it's look me in the EYES not eye . 
I guess I'm staying up all night . I might as well be productive with shenanigans . I just want today to happen already , so I can stop feeling the urge to shit my pants . This always happens ... 
What can I say ... < PROPFIRST > , what can I say ? 
My mother told me she took out my car today . Like a lion and her cub , I was about to pounce ... but then she told me she got gas for it . ;D And then it completely stopped working ... now it has a new battery , oil ( which leaks and has to be checked every now and again ) , and the engine light is still on . Wonderful . So who wants to draw on it ? I have sharpies ! Let's make the cancer on top look cool . 
Drawing straight lines ... \Mirrr .. mirrrrrr \"." 
You know that moment when you bite down hard into their soft skin and the crimson liquid spills out into your mouth ? You wish you had cranberries right now ... 
Apparently , I am the car , the car is me , I control the car , I'm supposed to be one with the car . Apparently , I don't drive as bad as long as she's not there . And apparently ... I give her diarrhea . Perfect . 
I'm bringing old nekked < PROPFEMALE > dolls for our big junk project in 3D < PROPMALE > ! XD 
I'm not very fond of T9 . It puts words in my mouth . 
Got my ID * mugshot * card today . :D 
So I pretty much hate when people are in an elective class because they got placed there or they randomly picked it , because then , they just end up hating it and can be the most annoying people ever . * person pops their gum for the 8768 time and continues to bitch and moan about the class * Uhhh , could you not ? 
Hmm .. maybe next time instead of contacts , I'll get granny glasses . You know , like those trendy ones that people like to wear . Except yeah , that's right , I actually do have a prescription . :P 
Okay , so i've been posting posts like a whore , but hey , at least they're interesting , amirite ? Usually pointless shit is for Twitter . 
now has The Runaways on DVD and an iPod dock with many thanks to < PROPFIRST > and his mam . :D 
Why are some girls so naive ? Sweetie , he didn't unbutton your blouse to have a better view of your heart . 
Ohh , that's hilarious . Hahah , I just looked up \burly\ " . A word Mr. < PROPFIRST > used to describe me . Good one . " 
I want to read that big ass book on stage tech stuff . I'd be that much more smartical . 
I don't mean to blow my own subwoofer , but my junk sculpture is awesome . :D On a different note : Senior year gets progressively better . Mugshot ID : check , no schedule changes : check , more shit that .. and you're just about done reading this ... check . 
You know you need a new laptop when the keys are jammed/have been flicked off , the screen cannot stay up for long , it lags , it's bulky .. it thinks it's all grown up and makes its own decisions , like wtf ! :/ 
Senior year is turning out better than I manifested . 
The temporary teacher for English is , in my opinion , a very respectable woman . Hilarious and witty . Anyways , working on personal statement .. not really motivated ... lovely . 
I JUST realized what I'm going to include and write about for my personal statement . Hahaha , I'm motivated now . >:D 
Children with special needs don't have an illness , so there is no cure and it's not contagious . They want what we all want , to be accepted . Most of you probably won't copy and paste this . Could you do it and leave it on your status for at least 1 hour ? It's Special Education week . Thanks . :) 
The other night ago I dreamt that I had arab sadists living across the street from me . I watched silently from my window as they dumped the people in front of their driveway in broad daylight . This is where lucid dreaming comes in handy . 
Meep . So facebook basically just told me \Too long . Could not fit . \ " So I'm putting it below . " 
I feel the chipmunk cheeks comin ' on ! I might * probably * ( How could I resist ? ) post pictures and videos of the after math of my wisdom teets surgery . Hahaha . 
Pain , pain , go away , please-inflict-it-into-the-lives-of-people-I don't-entirely-appreciate-the-existence-of ... 
It still feels like I have somewhat of a lock jaw . Damn you swollen mouth . I miss being able to eat anything I wanted . Woe is me ... until this heals . 
Well , left alone again . Phone is currently not in service ... but we payed just about last week . AT&T , I hate you . I'm going to lay in bed and down myself with Social Distortion . 
Need a doctor for oral surgery ? Contact me ! Hahaha , no really . My experience was so great , and does it help that they give you a free Jamba Juice gift card later on ? 
Who else is taking the SAT ? My test date is October 9th and I have this untouched big ass SAT study book . I'm looking for a study < PROPMALE > . =) 
Sometimes you really just want to burst out and say something along the lines of \I liked that before it was cool ! \ " without sounding like an idgit . Hahaha . " 
If the Homecoming theme is actually < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland , then I'm dressing up as a caterpillar and bringing a hookah . I'll most likely opt out of the conventional though . Opium tea parties for the win . 
For Engrish class : When you think of me , what qualities stand out ? 
Google before you tweet . Think before you speak . 
It's horrible to think that when you were a toddler giggling at Ducky in The Land Before Time , you were hearing the voice of < PROPFEMALE > Barsi who was killed by her own psycho father at age ten , because he thought she and her mother would leave him when they went to go shoot a movie . He also killed his wife and three days later he killed himself after burning the house the bodies were in . 
Indulging in a 14 FL OZ container of Haagen-Dazs . That's 260 calories that will not affect me . Fast metabolisms for the win ! And guess who has no homework tonight ? Double win alll the wayy . 
What's more of a bitch than making a stencil ? Cutting it out ! 
What's more of a bitch than making a stencil and cutting it out ? Making the stencil ! Cutting it out ! And then half way through , realizing that it's going to turn out shitty ! Then you curse and mutter under your breath and say to hell with hand DIY , I need one of them fancy ass machines ! Dammit ! >;/ 
Got thumped in the head with a long plank of wood today while building a trendy P.O.S. Then previously this week I barely got stabbed in the ankle with a pen . It feels like I'm the only one in stage tech who's gotten hurt and isn't a shit head . 
Went to a really short city council meeting tonight . One of the worst places to laugh almost uncontrollably for no apparent reason really , but once it started , everything seemed absolutely hilarious . 
I tend to work best alone , at night , and mad . : l 
This is a status update that's mocking the status updates that mock the status updates that state the current weather conditions . 
Umbridge will rip off your perky little boobs ! 
My mother just called me ... to say ... that ... ( Can this sound anymore like a dating game show ? ) ... She's purchasing < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST>'s . Hellls yeeahhh , you KNOW those breadsticks are bitchin'! ;D 
is currently wanting to take a class where all you do is draw naked models . It's educational . I just hope they'd be neat and tidy . X ) 
Hmm .. all my injuries involve < PROPMALE > . You know what that means ... Ya know , that thing with the stuff . 
< PROPFEMALE > .. this would happen . I knew my < PROPMALE > teacher would pair me up with the girl who always has the intricate designs . I have to build her model and vice versa . I think this was a conspiracy . Freakin ' sadists ! Hahahah . He paired us so things would be leveled . I'm quite flattered and very scared at the same time ... 
< PROPFEMALE > and I painted a sick ass mushroom in stage tech today . I still have blood stains . 
Class distinction day = hot pink dyke spikes that failed . But I ran in leopard heels . Awesome . 
So my friend < PROPFEMALE > had this dream that I kept telling her I was going to kill myself and she kept trying to stop me and then I went to drown her . Hahahaha , good lord , only in one's dreams am I ever violent . 
I wrote an iambic pentameter about Twilighters for Engrish chlasse . Maybe even < PROPMALE > Chaucer would give me kudos . 
Fun day . Volunteering for Vail Lake Resort and their Halloween festivities . I'll be role playing a witch . Come find me . ;) 
I wish I had a bitchin ' signature . Ya know , for documents and my own personal interest . 
Last night went pretty well , I suppose . My epic fall hasn't left < PROPMALE > bruises and I'm lucky for that . I snagged some Ben-freakin'-Nye facial scaring wax ... hellllls yeahh . 
Tonight was great . I scared the bajeebies out of children and adults alike and performed birth to a deceased alien three times . I love how parents/guardians will be drunk and have their kids with them ... if you can't control the amount of liquor or hold it , you probably shouldn't drink it . 
I actually visited my grandparents . I didn't just sit there and collect dust . 
< PROPFEMALE > has the weirdest dreams involving me . She and her friends and I were running as fast as cars chasing or heading I don't know where , and I was the only one on all fours like a hungry wolf . 
People love the haunted house because we the workers make that shit happen . It's difficult to express yourself when you have rules pounded down on you by your employer . We're evidently fantastic on our own . Oh , and apparently I'm now going to act as Maleficent with the poisonous apple and all , because I'm \too pretty to be a witch\ " . True thaat . :P " 
What's my age again ? 
Dahhh ! I just want to go to < PROPFEMALE>'s already so she can bleach my hair and leave a giant \i\ " in it and then we wait and watch The Eternal Sunshine of a Spotless Mind . Hahaha . " 
I'm not going to the haunted house today . Sorry , if my job now includes role playing a witch AND stepping on giant beetles that make a crunch , I'm good . It's the last day anyways and people are going to be ... just a bit wonky . I'll pass . 
I don't feel the need to do certain things just because of a holiday or an event is announced . I do those certain things outside of those times . < PROPFIRST>'s Day - tell people you love them , Christmas - let's buy presents , Thanksgiving - gotta get the family together , Birthdays - have to throw an expensive , giant , expensive party , Random Acts of Kindness , Drug free week , etc ., etc ., it's all the same bullshit . 
Horrible day ... Bonded . Shared laughs . Free food . Worked fog machines . Found money ... Just horrible . 
Surprise party for < PROPFIRST > was a success . I'll dye my hair the color of red velveteen cheese cake . And goodbye to my leather jacket that's been missing since last week . :( 
I love how I have to put so much extra energy and time into learning algebra2 because I do not understand it when my teacher teaches me ! :D 
It's not wise to point and laugh at children because these same children will < PROPFEMALE > on the messages of our generation . People out there need not pull the superiority-granted-by-age shit , because these kids can't help how old they are . They are our future , and rather than expel them , we must accept and teach them . 
My mom bought me this awesome draping sweater from Walmart that can be adjusted in a variety of ways ! Be jealous ! XD 
She's fifty , she's divorced , she's bi- ... she's my mom and we're going to Pechanga for a nice dinner . :D 
I'll be honest . \ 
Like my status and I'll tell you 1 . The first thing I think of when I hear your name 2 . What I'd change about you and why 3 . My favorite thing about you 4 . How I see us in the future 5 . What song reminds me of you 6 . Post this on your wall so you can answer this about me . 
I kind of miss the carrot top hair , it looked like fire with the < PROPFEMALE > orange tones and some red with blondies . Oh well , I'm velveteen now . My old hair stylist told me I did a good job . I don't mean to toot my own horn , but yeah , I believe so . Hahah . 
I broke my laptop screen . Now I'm going to round up money to get a new one . My < PROPMALE > teacher said he has never seen anyone complete an AP portfolio while not being in the actual AP class . I really want to try and have a go at it . 
I feel like I molested a turkey , much like performing a colonoscopy ... those damn giblets . 
Tsk tsk , tamper tamper . 
Now that Christmas is over , I guess we can start hating our in-laws again . 
Farewell my black balloon , let the weather have it's way with you . 
Too slow is what you are , what you are is too slow . 
Is killing justifiable ? Think of it this way : Hipsters like death because then they get to be underground . 
Lovely day , lovely day . You jellin' ? Oh by the way , watch out on the road , I have a license to kill now . 
Kindle 3 > Other eReaders . 
One day I want to copy the whole \One day I want to copy the whole \ " one day I wanna copy someone else's status word for word and see if they notice\ " status word for word and see if they notice\ " status word for word and see if they notice . " 
You wish the \G\ " in the Black Angus restaurant sign would burn out already . Then it'd say something cool . " 
I am eating a fudge pop . You do know what that means , do you not ? That I am eating a fudge pop . 
If I was young , I'd flee this town . I'd bury my dreams underground . As did I , we drink to die , we drink tonight . 
My younger brother is the quintessential being of a town crier with the downs right now ... and for the past couple of hours . I guess this is evidence that we're related . 
read a story about a serial killer , who's victims are hitchhikers , who meets a hitchhiker who turns out to be a serial killer as well . Cute story . 
I was born an Aquarius not a Capricorn . I am staying an Aquarius for as long as I live and no astrologist can tell me otherwise . And Pluto is still a planet in my heart . 
Rare times I say , but gotta help Mother Dear chop some vegetables . I dislike cutting carrots so I'm chopping the sausages . 
Math Homework , why don't you do yourself for once ? If it weren't for < PROPFEMALE > , I would not even pass math . Off to trip on logs . 
I wish I had some sort of secretary right now . So then they could make all the calls to the cal states and deal with all of that shit for me . 
GODDAMMIT . 
I realize that if I had an acoustic guitar , I'd learn some pretty \gay shit\ " on it . Ahaahaha . It would definitely be for my own personal enjoyment . " 
I wish that I could throw magic dust on my problems and make them disappear . Kind of like a wizard ... or a crackhead ... I could go with that . 
I like how whenever my mother watches TV , or a movie it's as if she doesn't get out that much ... oh wait . 
Hmm ... what to paint on my stupid senior parking spot ? 
I painted my arteest name on my pawwking spot , probably gonna stencil the image later . Driving by myself felt < PROPFEMALE > weird . Then I drove home and Social Distortion came on and it made my heart smile . Anddd it's hot as shit outside , yay for seatbelt burns and be careful ... it could melt your popsicle . 
Tell me what you know about night terrors , nothing . You don't really care about the trials of tomorrow , rather lay awake in a bed full of sorrow . 
Apparently , I'm a dogmother , a bogmother , anything but go-I almost baby gagged . Hahah . 
Good show to Oh Dae Su . Niiice niiight . 
Grease is the word . See ya slicks . 
Me : Is he going ? \ 
Mom : No . \ 
Me : Why not ? \ 
Mom : He says he has a lot of homework to do . \ 
Brother : Well , I have a lot of homework to do too but I'm still going to watch a baby get drowned . 
I'm lethal , I mean legal ... 5:25 P.M. to be exact . 
Thank you all who said Happy Birthday . I hate you all . Equally . :D Just kidding ... not equally . 
I finally watched The Human Centipede . I think I had more anger than disgust while watching it . 
Getting kidnapped at five then who knows what will happen next ... 
< PROPMALE > never comes from happiness . 
I like how in Economics today I was all having fun and laughing and the moment I see my opponents try to cheat , I immediately build up this rage and call this guy out for cheating . Fuckin ' liars . 
Mmh , sugar cubes . Ahh , diabetes . 
I tell ya , I'm so damn productive when I'm angry/frustrated . I think I do it in spite of things . Hate gives me drive ? Ha , if it works , so be it . 
Did you hear ? He's a cutter ... a cookie cutter . 
I should go eat right now because , you know , I could end up with an ulcer , followed by being hooked up to tubing just so I can get fed . Thanks mom for overexaggeraing and unecessarily scaring me shitless since 93 ' . 
Got my moose pillow pet ! 
Finally , my throat can be done playing pinball with these giant ass pills ! 
Goddammit . My head still feels heavy from last night . So much for sleeping it off . 
Got my safety net . Thank scapegoat . 
Oi toy , oi toy , never knew shit . Oi toy , oi toy , when you gonna quit ? Better wise up or you're gonna get hit . 
Mongolian grill . You jellin' ? 
Catch a falling < PROPFEMALE > and put it in your pocket , \ 
Never let it fade away\ 
Save it for a rainy day 
With all these lovely dinners , you'd think my mother was trying to pull a hansel and gretel up in this bitch . 
Underneath it all ... my room is clean . 
Hey you ! Flush your naughty bits . 
What's sad is that I knew Drake as Drake before Degrassi , but once I watched Degrassi ... Sorry Drake , but I will always remember you as the paraplegic basketball player . 
I'm turd , gonna go bleep . 
Ahh , the ol ' in out . Which means fudd . 
By some mere sketches , my french teacher said that I should really work for < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > . Cool story . 
Temecula : \A < PROPFEMALE > city filled with shady people \"." 
Improv tonight ! This better be worth five bucks . 
Someone got their tax refund ... so what movie should I see with Mother ? 
I absolutely loved < PROPFEMALE > Heard in Drive Angry . 
Got fancy and catered a bunch of young at heart individuals tonight . Had the blackjack dealer lucky touch . Feels ambitious . 
Ewugh . I feel like Gaz in that episode of Invader Zim where everything she eats tastes like shit . I can't even enjoy these pringles . 
Does anyone know when moderation is useful anymore ? 
I want to get a sticker for the rear of my car that says \If you're gonna ride my ass you could at least pull my hair\ " Ahahahah " 
Happy pi Day ! 
My mom is such a NOOB . Hahahaha , her and her new net book . 
If you fake a vision impairment , could I fake a hearing impairment ? 
Myth : Dye Your Hair Red and You Will Have More Sex\ 
True : Blondes may have more fun , but redheads have more sex according to one study . Once you go red , you may never want to change your head ! \ 
\ 
Haha , I do concur . :P 
It's Friiidayy . Fun fun fun fun ....... No really , tonight was fun . Proof : Slapped knees , walrus claps , and heads thrown . 
I really did lose my Siouxsie and the Banshees pin . Dammit . :/ 
I wonder how long it will be until I'm sick and grossed out by caramel frappes . I go to McDonalds too much . Haha 
\Every child is an artist . The problem is staying an artist when you grow up . \ " - < PROPMALE > Picasso " 
So < PROPFIRST > found my Siouxsie and the Banshees pin ... on the side of the street .. smashed .. oh well , it's just a pin . 
< PROPFIRST > Hansen should help < PROPFEMALE > Black's confusion and tell her to have a seat over there . 
Wow . I pretty much had to drive all the way to Hemet to pick up < PROPFIRST > and whore-hay . I did well considering the circumstances I was under . Some fuckface behind me on a narrow , one way road flashing his high beams like he had a wife in labour . If you're gonna ride my ass , you could at least pull my hair ! 
Chikorita whips its leaf back and forth . Awwhh , sheiit . 
< PROPFIRST > Sheen's favorite cartoon character is Winning the Pooh . 
Maybe I should have applied to San < PROPMALE > , so I could go from a puma to a cougar . 
Riboflavin ' flavored , non-carbonated , polyunsaturated blood . 
So I suggest we go in here and get so monumentally fucked up . 
I feel like Bartleby Gaines and I like it . 
