Going to Orl to get some work done on the subaru , class later . 

Made some new subaru friends tonight . time for bed , work in the morning 
I was on TV and < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > laughed at me ! On the < PROPMALE > & Galante Show on Sun Sports at 6p . 
< PROPMALE > Tonight 
Got my i'm with Coco shirts , finally ! 
Call of Duty ! 
Watching some Zombieland ! 
work 
Merrit Island tonight 
going to get a Free Grand Slam at Dennys . 9-2 today 
Feel like wasting some money on my car 
http://twitcam.com/ev4v - Watch us watch the magic game . its better than it sounds 
< PROPMALE > Miller shouldnt be an anouncer , he is terrible . 
Call of duty ! now if I could figure out how to lay down in my bed and play ps3 , my life would be complete 
Weekly Subie meet in < PROPMALE > ! cause ima cool kid ... 
Going to Merrit Island with Subie friends 
.... hates homework :( 
going to sleep , work in the morning 
Ask me some questions ! Do it now , Do it later ! http://www.formspring.me/pd5015 
Had a fun time going to see < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland in \3d\ " tonight . Also saw the Red Baron and someone thought < PROPFIRST > had a British accent . " 
Thanks to everyone who helped with my speech . glad to see < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > in the new apartment ! work in the morning school at night , lammmmme 
Get to sleep in tomorrow ! also finish the other half of my side skirts on my car 
Walking the Dog 
Just saw a racoon climb down the tree in front of my window and scurry away somewhere near all of our cars . now i have to venture out and get some food with < PROPFIRST > . Oh no !! 
dont want to go to class tonight 
Food with BG , should be able to get some stuff done on the car today 
Listenin to some old Blindside while doing some HMWK 
Cant sleep , gotta wake up in 5hrs 
Took some cool pics of my car and < PROPFIRST>'s car tonight , will have some more up tomorrow . have to wake up early to go into work for a bit tomorrow bc I forgot to order , lame ... 
so much for sleeping in today ... 
We have a game on our hands ... 
Working on some homework , at school ... it doesnt make sense ! 
I was just driving behind a car and saw a dog run out and smack right in the center of the car , do a 360 then stumble away , he never caught up to that cat . 
needs to concentrate cant wait till this week is over 
one exam down 4 more to go ! 
Going to sleep , watching some arrested development . 
Going to see Iron Man 2 Tonight ! 
chilling , just got done washing my car . 
Off to orl subaru meet ! 
Just hit 30,000 < PROPMALE > in my car ! 
Hanging out with < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Gray today , then finally see him graduate tonight ! Should be fun ! 
have to go in on my day off tomorrow , i guess no beach for me :( 
At Mastro Subaru ! 
Had a good day today , glad its the weekend though 
Gym 
Needs to sleep but cant ! 
Laying in bed listening to some music 
getting some food 
ugggh , out for a drive 
likes when your about to text someone , then out of nowhere they text you before you can hit send 
cant sleep , work @ 6 in the morning 
Had a great night tonight ! 
Finally off work , had a long day 
cant stop thinking , needs to get out or just get some sleep 
time to work 
Had a good time at Slowboy Racing today , although it was 109 * on the dyno . FL is way to hot sometimes 
doesnt want to go to bed , but im bored and have nothin to do ! 
cant sleep 
Thanks TPD for not pulling me over 
off of work early today ! 
Had a good day ! tomorrow will be even better 
great day :) 
needs to try to get some sleep 
just got back from the gym and im already sore . time for a shower 
its gunna be a long day , off to work 
Just got home finally , shower time 
cant get back to sleep 
off to work 
today ended up being a good day 
uggh gunna try to sleep , gotta be up at 5a 
Didnt get any sleep last awesome 
watchin tv , text me 
At Gators dockside 
chilling watching some tv 
tired but cant fall asleep 
watchin tv text me 
out for a drive 
hopefully i get some good news tomorrow . 
well still waiting for wd to find me a spot somewhere . finally home though after a long day at work . 
hopefully my car will be fixed by the weekend , i could really use a break ... and a job lol 
I have a job and my car is fixed ! 
at the South Florida Subaru cruise/meet ! 
has today off ! 
tomorrows gunna be a long day , saturday off tho 
long day but finally home , not really tired though 
Chick fila so good 
R . I . P < PROPFEMALE > you'll be missed 
is sleeping in tomorrow ! 
Finally off work , im exhausted . 
Got a lot done today , off to Orl Subaru meet 
cant sleep ! 
finally off work , have a lot to think about 
12 hour day , get me out of here ! 
uggh out for a drive 
watching a movie and going to bed , tomorrow off ! 
bored 
back from < PROPMALE > , weather is perfect out tonight 
gunna try to get some sleep 
uggh 
such a long day today and wd meetings are getting old 
had the weirdest dream last night 
bored , watching tv 
Paranormal activity 2 was pretty good 
really dont wanna work tomorrow , I wanna sleep in ! 
off work , im worn out . 
watching top gear 
no work for me today 
just ran over something 5 feet away from my driveway and got a hole in my tire ... awesome 
got a lot done today ; scheduled UCF orientation , got my tire patched , changed my oil , rotated my tires , washed my car and some other stuff . now off to orl 
home , i really dont wanna wake up at 5 lol 
I am in the mountains ! and i just saw a little bit of snow 
finally back in FL ! probably one of my favorite trips ive been on , saw my cousin get married , saw mountains , drove up on the highest mountain on the east coast , saw snow , went in a new state , drove almost 2000 < PROPMALE > in 4 days , and almost died like a million times . back to work tomorrow . 
work sucked today , i am sore and hungry ! 
got a little sideways on the dirt in the subaru tonight , lots of fun ! 
Thanks everyone for the birthday wishes ! :) 
There is something going down in < PROPMALE > , literatlly 20-30 cops flew past me on the 408 
Turbo weather ! 
work sucked today , glad I'm off tomorrow tho 
My car is slow . I did see a Dodge Durango beat a Lamborghini Murcielago tonight , which was pretty cool . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas Everyone !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Got off work early today . Also signed up to help out on an upcoming extreme home makeover which should be pretty cool . WD friends ask your store or co directors , they're taking 6 people from each store . 
i am worn out after today . 
Got everything done for school by like 11 today and had some Chick Fila for lunch , great success ! 
Cant get to sleep . Gotta wake up early tomorrow and go help on Extreme Home Makeover 
I woke up yesterday at 4:30 a with only 3hrs of sleep , went to Extreme Home Makeover , got home at 4p . took about a 2 hour nap . Ate dinner at my friends house and < PROPMALE > out for a bit , then went into work at 10p and worked overnight till 6a . Now finally time for some sleep before class starts today ! 
Back from school 
Just got out of work , now on my way to help out on Extreme Home Makeover ! 
sleep time , finally 
Class cancelled , now have nothing to do till 430 
Just got back from another wd overnighter , dunno if i should go to sleep or just stay up 
Had an awesome day today , got to see the Subaru road racing STI race around Daytona , < PROPMALE > out with suby friends , got sorta sunburned , and got my AA degree in the mail finally ! 
Time for some homework and studying 
what a crappy day uggh 
Homework is all done for the week , now time for some more new Top Gear :) 
So excited just got my acceptance letter into my < PROPMALE > and I got new car parts today !!! :) 
Looks like ill be driving around a brand new 2011 Outback this weekend thanks Mastro Subaru ! 
just started vacation for work , will be off for 12 days . vacation from school starts after tomorrow ! :) 
Finally got my Abandon Kansas Cd today !! thanks < PROPFIRST > Spring 
back to work and school tomorrow nooooooo ! 
one of my goals this year is to keep ahead of my payments and have my car paid off by the end of the year . also have a new top mount on the way , yay ! :) 
I cant wait ! going to be driving with a bunch of subies on the Tail of the Dragon , in the Tenn . mountains , in about a month ! Cabin is booked and driving routes already all planned out ! :) 
well i guess i should start working on that paper thats due tonight 
starting to feel better 
