i am d'burg until the 4th . it feels good to be home ! 

stressed out . it's time to get rid of bank of < PROPFEMALE > . they keep screwing up my money . and you never come between a jew and her money !!! 
heading back to fayetteville this afternoon ... time to play soldier again 
will 0800 ever get here ? i just want to go home and get in the bed . but , i can't! i have a few things that i need to take care of . like making sure my class a's are up to par . still got to get a long sleeve shirt . i have 3 short sleeve , but no long sleeve . ugh !!!! too much stress already to have to worry about this ! 
I love my mother ! For all of you who aren't too proud to say thank you to your moms for helping you be the great person you are today ... please copy and paste to your profile ! I expect to see this many times on my < PROPFEMALE > ! 
today has been 6 years since my dad passed away . i miss him so much ! he will always be my hero ! i love you , daddy ! 
life sure is being good to me . for years i have looked for my equal ... my soulmate . and now i have him ! everything i have ever wanted in a man is in one ... < PROPFIRST > . i love you , < PROPFIRST > ! and i for once in my life am truly happy and i owe it all to you ! 
just bought my first horse ... a 2yr old gelding .... don't have a name yet . any suggestions ? 
my horse has a name ... shinobi 
my horse paddock s complete . now i'm waiting on the guy to call me back so can bring shinobi to me . so can't wait ! a life long dream is finally coming true ! 
don`t know how relationship status got changed , but , i am NOT single ! 
just ate caviar for the 1st time . it is belicious ! escargo not so much . didn't like that ! 
thank you to everyone for the birtday wishes ! luv ya'll! 
It's sister week !! Sisters are like Angels , always there when you need them ... If you have a sister or sisters who has made you laugh , wiped your tears , hugged you tight , watched you succeed , saw you fail , cheeredyou on and kept you strong . Copy and paste this to your status . 
75 more days to ETSing !!!!! life as a civilian again .... can't wait ! 
whoever said \it's better to have loved and lost than to never have loved at all\ " obviously never felt the pain from a broken heart . " 
i am officially a civilian again !!! 
got thrown from a horse and fractured my hip and bruised my ribs . this sux ! 
This week we remember all babies born sleeping or whom we have carried but never met or those we have held but could not take home or the ones that came home but didn't stay . Make this your profile status if you or someone you know has suffered the loss of a baby . The majority won't do it , because unlike cancer , baby loss is still a taboo subject . Break the silence . In memory of all lost angels . 
today is gonna be a good day ! grilling out and fishing ... 
If your DAD is or was a hard working MAN , your HERO , helped you no matter how BAD you were , or is just the BEST DAD EVER . If you are blessed to still have your DAD or if he is in heaven , paste this to your status and let everyone know you are PROUD of your DAD , and that you LOVE HIM !! Thank you daddy for always being there and always being a Christian example ......... You never took your eyes off Jesus !! 
when a pig gets an attitude , pop it like it's hot ! 
It's Sons Week ! If you have a handsome son that you\ 
love more than you can describe , copy and paste this to your\ 
status for a little while , but hold them in your heart for a lifetime 
