is wondering why all gay people think they melt in the rain ! 

getting ready for CA 
Back at the hotel after day one of training , all is well !!! 
has had a great time in CA and is ready to get back home . Never thought I would say that . :) 
Finally finishing up my day in the office and going tanning ! I know , I'm addicted even in the fall . 
when it should hurt the most you find that there are people in your life who can < PROPFEMALE > you through without thought , reason or any selfish intent . Impulse and love are amazing things . 
a good friend of mine had this as their status .... those of you who don't know her should know that ....... There's always more than one way to skin a cat .. but with dogs u don't really have to think long .. they usually end up chasin their own damn tails anyway so its not a challenge 
having a great morning , keep it moving kids ! 
I'm going to tip-toe to the window ..... LOL 
so excited about having a profile song !!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > will be coming into town this Sunday ....... watch out ! 
Pulse - Sunday Night @ Bahama Joes's doors open at 8 
PULSE - This Sunday @ Bahama < PROPFIRST>'s - Doors open @ 8PM - Door prizes all night long and FABULOUS entertainment . DJ JINX will be spinning the hottest club beats . Bahama < PROPFIRST>'s 6922 Staples Mill Rd . 
PULSE @ Bahama Joes ( Staples Mill and Glenside ) starting at 9pm ... Drink specials , DJ JINX(the hottest DJ in VA ) , featuring < PROPFEMALE > , Allayah Vaughan , and a special guest !!! The new Sunday night HOT SPOT for the Tri-Cities !!!! 
Sunday night was AMAZING @ the PULSE party !!! Thanks to everyone who showed up !!! Can't wait to see you all this Sunday . 
is having a fabulous day !!!! 
landed a FABULOUS job today !!! YAY ! 
enjoying a nice relaxing Saturday night ..... 
PULSE is tonight @ Bahama < PROPFIRST>'s!!!! Doors open at 8 PM . 
Sunday night PULSE party is tonight with a new killer DJ !!! Everyone should come check it out ! 
Happy Tuesday Facebook world ! 
Can't stop smiling ;) 
Boys boys boys 
Love my peeps ! 
Who would have thought , me working at a gay bar ! :) 
Ok facebook family , my first official shift alone is this Wednesday from 4pm to 8pm at Barcode . Come out and show some love !!!! 
Headed to Tampa , see you in a few days Richmond ! 
My last day in Tampa ..... sadness :( 
Sitting in an airport wishing that airplanes were shooting stars !!!! \I could really use a wish right now . \"" 
Working at Barcode all night long !!! Come out and see me :) 
Keep it moving ! 
First day full day in Tampa , AWESOME ! 
just got back from beach .... little red and can't wait to be tan ! ( again ) 
It's already an amazing day and it's only noon !!!! Rock on ! 
goodnight world ... it was an awesome day ! 
miracles happen for me today !!! 
had a great night last night . 
Needs a job !!!!!!!!!!!! 
will be in Richmond tomorrow ! 
Why does < PROPFEMALE > feel the need to call me at 5:15 AM !!! Not pleased . 
is so over < PROPMALE > labor ! This is why I work in an office . 
thank you to everyone who sent me birthday messages !!!! It was a great day ! 
The bitch is back ! 
Saw this on < PROPFIRST>'s < PROPFEMALE > and had to repost . There are two PRIMARY choices in life : Accept conditions as they exist , or accept the responsibility for changing them 
Happy Pride Richmond !!!! 
And a new tattoo 
Really , I mean really . 
In Vino Veritas ... 
Please put this on your status if you know someone or are related to someone who suffers from stupidity . People need to understand that stupidity is real & should be taken seriously . You could be sitting next to a sufferer right now . There is still no known cure for stupidity , and sympathy does not help but we can raise awareness . 93% won't copy and paste this , because they don't know how to copy and paste . 
Vote for < PROPMALE > ! 
Frustrated !!! 
dirty little freaks ...... :) 
Ugh , Monday ! 
bored , bored and bored 
Thanks for trying 
this is going to be a crazy week ! 
Anyone looking for a new dog ? He is very loving 
Never thought I would be so happy to see a Buick !!! 
Had a great night , let's do and instant replay ! :) 
