If I have the swine flu I\M going to murder someone " 

is still sick , and now sad and lonely . Where's my best friend ? ( and some frickin ' < PROPFEMALE > ale ? ) 
My sunburn actually feels a little good after all the rain ... 
extracted 16 teeth on two cats in under an hour .... I need to see my chiropractor now .... 
has fed and cleaned the kids , taken a hot bath , and feels much better 
I have just discovered that one of < PROPFIRST>'s greatest heroes , < PROPFIRST > Feinberg , has been battling Lyme's disease AND Babiesiosis ( another tick borne disease ) unknowingly for years . Unknowingly , because as a human being of what some in the medical community 
is roomate hunting again , excited about tomorrow night ( < PROPMALE > Chesney concert ) , and feeling slightly overwhelmed . I need to have a coke and a smile , and shut the f *** up ! 
is still recovering from the < PROPMALE > Chesney show last night ... WOOT ! 
ah ... friday . 
is really hoping my cable's fixed .... missed the yankees , ' cept for the last three inings yesterday . Thank's and love to < PROPFIRST > for takin ' me to < PROPMALE>'s 
TGIF !!!! Now , if I can get home in time to watch my Yankees win another one , I will be a happy girl ! 
I made it ! GO YANKEES !!!! 
I just realized that this is National veterinary technician week . It is being sponsored by the makers of Advil , and grey goose vodka . Go team ! 
I think I agree with < PROPFIRST > . < PROPFIRST > torre managing a team against the yankees would be wierd .... however , that would mean the skanky phillies would play in the world series . < PROPFEMALE > ! 
is home , down wit da sickness . wanting chicken soup ... 
still sick , although not as bad . They kicked me out of work , so I don't get everyone else sick . Don't blame them ... P.S. GO YANKEES !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
at the unspoken behest of my coworkers , I am on my way to the dr's to get tested for swine flu . It better be negative .... otherwise I'm gonna be PISSED OFF !!!!! 
< PROPFIRST > is a hot mess ! 
Yes , the Yankees are in the World series ... 27 IS a lovely number , isn't it ? 
I think the new profile pic says it all 
Burnett is makin pie tonight !!!! 
My boys are bringin ' it home tonight ..... GO YANKEES !!!! 
HOME RUN NY !!!!! EAT IT < PROPMALE > !!!! 
Just to remind everyone ... 27 is a GREAT number !!!!! 
is missing < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > right now .... 
aw , poor phillies ... calling the bullpen already ... 
i am amazed that the poor phillies have anyone left in their bullpen at this point 
Alright Mo , bring it home baby !!! 
OH HELL YEAH !!!!!!!! 
27 !!!!! 
is feeling an incredible sense of accomplishment today ... GO ME !! 
does anyone do graphic design ? I need help creating a logo .... 
has a wicked case of hiccups ... probably from drinking the leftover wine from the shrimp scampi and quinoa liguini I made for dinner .... UGH ! 
wants to make lasagna for thanksgiving .... with homemade pasta , from < PROPFIRST>'s Gram's pasta maker 
Work ' til 5 , home by 6 , then pie crust here I come ! 
change of plans .... shut off the water spewing out of my hot water heater , and cleaning up the flood in my basement . It just isn't a holiday until appliances explode . Yeah ! 
water heater disaster cleaned up ( mostly ) , house clean ( mostly ) , obtained shower privledges until the water heater's fixed . Deep breath . Now it's time for PIE !!!! BTW , if anyone's interested in demystifying homemade pie crust , let me know , I'm thinking of holding an informal class . Mrs. Smith is a crack wh*** ! 
is thankful for all of the joy that has come into my life . 
pumpkin apple butter pie is in the oven ... homemade cranberry sauce is done . Time for a drink ! 
can't wait to go home to hot water ..... I have to rewash all of my dishes BEFORE I get a hot shower :( 
is going BACK out to the store for lysol spray .... all of my christmas crap smells like my basement . I feel an allergy attack coming on . Now that's putting the CHRIST ! back in Christmas !!! 
wants to bake christmas cookies 
It's 5 o'clock somewhere .... not here yet 
Has a client coming in today named < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > son .... wife's name is < PROPFEMALE > . LMFAO !!!! 
ok people ... it's 12:30 , and I just finished baking the new gingerbread men . They are not decorated . They will not be tonight . Sorry < PROPFIRST > , but I promise to save you one . 
woke up late , going to work late .... whaaaaa ! still have to finish gbmen , but that's tonight's adventure . 
1/1/11 .... can't stop thinking ' bout the \Binars\ " episode of ST : TNG . I am such a dork ! " 
to all my vet tech friends .... get on VIN , or have your doc's log in . HUGE ketamine recall going on , and a fair amount of controversy over it . If you've got any in your building , best not to use it . Very disappointing to see how SLOWLY the info is getting out . To my non vet tech friends , if your pet needs anesthsia , request Propofol ! 
I should be sleeping btw 
A glass of wine and a hot bath .... just wish I had some chocolate .... 
48 hours til dinner in NYC !!!!! 
Then broadway baby ! 
is THRILLED that < PROPFIRST > loves Manhattan ! Anyone been to the Museum of Sex on 5th ave ? Is it good ? 
doesn't want to leave NYC , but wants to beat the snow in Boston . Pix of the Museum of Sex coming soon ! 
loves < PROPFIRST > for doing this for us 
this election is waaaay too close .... 
this SUX !!!! < PROPFEMALE > is going back to the dark ages ... 
Mitt Romney is on the list of speakers for < PROPFIRST > Brown tonight ... SHOCKING !!!! 
needs a makeover .... 
wants to make < PROPFIRST>'s Day NOT be a moneymaker for Hallmark . Let's make V Day a celebration of everything sex-positive . Multiple orgasms for everyone ! 
listening to < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > and friends on Pandora ... so nice .... 
Go to urbandictionary.com and look up your first name . Copy this in your status and what Urban Dictionary says about your name in your first comment . 
is eliminating parabens and other xenoestrogens from my personal care and household products 
anyone who thinks that being born transgender is a mental disorder needs to have THEIR head examined 
has decided that reincarnating my beloved < PROPFEMALE > on Petville was WAY to creepy ( you're right , < PROPFIRST > ) . I deleted Petville . 
is having an inexplicable craving for Red Robin ... fries , burger , bottomless milkshake . Perhaps a bowl of soup instead 
For those of you who don't already know , I am officially a student again ! ( As of April 18th , anyway . Fishing my BS in Psych , then grad school . I am planning on becoming a therapist for transpeople and their families . YAY FOR ME ! 
Original FB is BACK !!! yay ! 
cannot stand human medicine . 
has officially HAD IT !!! with western medicine and its convoluted , disorganized , and completely illogical attempts at diagnostics . I will be treating my abdominal pain and ovarian cyst without them .... dumbasses ... 
dinner and a movie with < PROPFIRST > tonight ..... I'm thinking burger fries and a milkshake .... 
is making escarole soup with < PROPFIRST > ... 
on top of everything else , I am covered in hives . Lovely side effect of all the morphine yesterday . At least I have an appt with a gyn surgeon soon . 
< PROPFEMALE > Palin wants to know how all that ' hopey changey ' stuff is working out . I'd like to know how the dippy dumbass stuff is working out for her . Listening to her is like listening to minks being slaughtered . Pointless . And Painful . 
OK people ... the ovary is coming out . Just waiting to find out exactly when . Yay for minimally invasive surgery ! 
STill no date for surgery . grrr . Shouldn't complain , I'm still further along in the process than I would have been with the idiots at < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > . I just want this thing out of me ! 
Yipee ! will find out in the am if my surgery is this friday or next . 
FIRST CONCERT YOU ATTENDED ! Everyone please play ! You may find it interesting to know what your FB friends first concert was . Copy and paste this on your profile , then put your First Concert at the end of this sentence ... The Monkees , also at Great Adventure 
is SO effin ' bored . Surgery is 1 week from today . Praying that the recovery is short , and I can go back to being normal soon ... well , normal for me , LOL ! 
feels pretty good post op . Thank God for < PROPFIRST > , and thanks to everyone for their well wishes . Cannot WAIT to be back to my sassy self ! 
cannot understand the appeal of abusing prescription drugs . Vicodin SUCKS ! My incisions hurt like hell , but I really do not want to take any more . I think I'm going to try advil today . 
There's an incredibly HAWT blonde playing guitar in my kitchen .... LOVE IT !!! 
is bored out of her mind . Feelin pretty good today . Wishin ' we lived in Winthorp , I'd be at the beach . It's only a block away from like every house there . 
must . feel . 100% . soon . 
recheck post op today . I might actually be back to work by the end of the week . Cannot believe this hell is almost over . 
made it through my first day back .... so tired . 
wants to do a demographic study about the correlation between the use of atrazine , a nasty herbicide , and the incidence of transgender/transexualism and intersex births . Anybody wanna take bets on the two being related ? Hmmm . 
trying desperately to unwind . My brain is still in < PROPFEMALE > mode .... 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is getting his 8th divorce , and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > is possibly getting married for a 9th time . < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and Tiger Woods are , well , you know ... Even Newt Gingrich is on his 3rd marriage . Yet same-sex marriage is what is going to destroy the institution of marriage ? REALLY ?! Feel free to copy and paste if you agree ! 
no , I am not at the IFGE conference with < PROPFIRST > . :( Would LOVE to go to Philly Trans Health , but that's not looking good either . Stupid ovary and Iceland's volcano screwed up all of our plans for the next 6 months . 
“Just like anyone else , when transsexual people lie down at night and shut our eyes , helpless in sleep and vulnerable as infants , whether we have someone’s arms around us or whether we are all alone , we know that all we have to live for is to be the best version of our most authentic self that we can possibly be”-Jamison Green ( 2004 , p . 216 ) . “ 
Ignorance is bliss ..... but only for the ignorant themselves 
Children with special needs don't have an illness , so there is no cure & it's not contagious . They only want what we all want , to be accepted . 93% of you probably won't copy and paste this . Will you do it and leave it on your status for at least an hour ? It's Special Education week , and this is in honor of all the kids ... who need a little extra help & understanding ? 
Just found out that UofP has included gender reassignment surgery in their employee health coverage . < PROPFIRST > , what's say you and me head back to Philly ? 
getting ready for bed now ... 
So , instead of going to the gym for cardio , < PROPFIRST > is painting my dining room . I am repaying him with a liller antipasto ... imported meats and cheeses from the butcher , arugala , olives , rosmary bread , and a bottle of chianti . Happy Birthday , < PROPFEMALE > ! I love you . 
Happy Mother's Day ! 
Saw Iron Man 2 last night ... SO AWESOME ! < PROPFIRST > Stark is a hot mess ... 
happy friday ! 
OK people ... I just posted four articles , a few of them are older . ditch the antibacterial soap already ! I proved this in freshman microbio lab in 1989 . ditch the hand sanitizer , too . Also crap ! And as for the article on atrazine ... let me guess ... the number of persons ' diagnosed with gender disorder ' , or born intersexed in the midwest is through the roof ... being trans IS NOT A MENTAL DISORDER ! IT\S MEDICAL ! " 
two mini papers to write , and then first semester is over ! YAY ! 
final paper submitted . First Semester is over ! Party Time ! 
I am now allergic to radishes , along with everything else . I should take a benedryl , but I don't want to sleep until tomorrow night . 
Happy Pride Everyone ! After much consideration , I am not attending/participating in any of the fun this weekend . Too Much Homework !!!! To quote < PROPFEMALE > M ., \it will all be worth it in the end \"" 
Hopes everyone had a wonderful Pride day , despite the rain , and a buttload of fun at the Midway tonight ! I am trying to study , despite the RIDICULOUSLY LOUD party going on across the street . There are speakers the size of a car over there !!! 
suffering from a serious lack of motivation tonight ... I have homework damnit ! 
Hungry Like the Wolf is playing on the radio right now . LOVE IT !!!!! 
My little dog friend , Ziggy , just arrived for the weekend . I love this dog . Pics to follow . 
Came home to italian food , italian wine , and a hot italian(mostly ) man . TURNING 40 IS FABULOUS !!! I have one question ... am I a cougar yet ? LMAO ! 
Thank you all for the birthday wishes ! 40 is fabs ! No onions were harmed in the making of any of my meals , and I have only smoked 2 cigs today . So far , I haven't beaten anyone to a bloody pulp in a nicotine withdrawl rage . It is , in fact , a good day . 
Plans for the evening on hold ... the boy's got tonsilitis ... could barely talk when I got home ... 
just had the largest cake batter ice cream sundae ever . I now return you to your regularly scheduled diabetic coma . 
a Vet Tech is helping a < PROPFEMALE > become a mother , is holding the paw of\ 
a dying dog , is inserting an IV into a kitten , is listening to a Pet Parent\ 
tell a story , and is missing their pets while caring for yours . In \ 
the time it took you to read this , Vet techs all over the world are ... saving\ 
... lives !! Re-post if you are a Vet Tech , love a ...... Vet Tech or appreciate\ 
a Vet Tech ! See MoreSee More 
house cleaning , check . covering my grey hairs , check . research on my new cell phone , check . A saturday without homework , priceless ! 
is making < PROPMALE>'s Mom's ' crab ' pasta salad . Not usually liking fake crab , but it works in this . 
heading to Maine for the day .... 
Opponents of gay marriage have been using the argument that marriage between a man and a woman is part of the ' backbone ' of our society . Separation of church and state is part of our constitution , which is the actual backbone of our society . Their case holds no water . ( obscure movie reference ... there's a prize if you guess ! ) 
on a lighter note , my cat is , in fact , the < PROPFEMALE > of < PROPFEMALE > . 
Hey you ... don't help them bury the light ..... open your heart , I'm coming home . It's a Pink < PROPMALE > kinda day .... 
thinks that Fig Newman's taste exactly like Fig < PROPMALE>'s used to , before big agribusiness wrecked them . Fig < PROPMALE>'s now taste like cardboard ass .... 
now I want pizza ... crap . 
I think I am nvery much in need of a mentor ... 
they said surgery will be about 4 hours .... I HATE WAITING !!!! 
I wasn't this emotional for the last three surgeries .... why now ? 
surgery is over , he's in recovery , and doing well . Now I can breathe .... 
has just been told ... go to medical school ... you can launch the SPAY A TRANNY campaign .... 
farmer's market this morning , scored great veggies and kielbasa from humanely raised beef . spent the aft . making biscotti and playing with The Cork ( cutest silky terrier EVER ! ) . So nice to have < PROPFIRST > home on a Sat ., even if he is post op . :) 
I sent this out through my yahoo mail list , figured I'd post it here as well ... yahoo spammed everyone . This is the second time this has happened ... so sorry 
< PROPFIRST > is shaving his head ... time for another surgery ...... 
listening to < PROPFIRST > playing his guitar . Life . Is . Good . 
has just sent IE7 out to pasture for a more conscientious browsing experience . Loving Firefox , and customized it with an adorable African Grey named Pongo for my background 
surgery marathon 2010 has begun ! 
School is back in session .... 18 chapters of psych , a paper a week , a test a week , all in six weeks ..... I LOVE power learning !!!! 
Surgery marathon 2010 is over . < PROPFIRST > Ryder was our big winner this year , finishing an hour earlier than last year ! fell flat on the drain count ... 6 again . He did , however increase his incision count from 3 to an impressive 7 ! Go Team Ryder/Costas !!!! 
cannot wrap my brain around developmental psychology today ..... tried to connect to yahoo games whilst I wait to see < PROPFIRST > . BLOCKED by the hosp . wi-fi . Epic fail . 
I am really annoyed with the fact that my yahoo email acct keeps getting hacked . SO done with yahoo ... 
< PROPFIRST>'s finally home . Watching him try to sit is terrible .... 
hopes everyone had a great time in Noho yesterday ! 
went to an Open House for one of the grad schools I want to get into ..... need this ! 
has so many theories of personality swimming in brain right now .... I feel like Sybill ! ( HAHAHA ) 
I want to change the world ... 
wants to have a big family Christmas in Boston ! 
Alright boys ... that's one win . Barely . Let's make it two ! Go Yankees !!!! 
homework finally done ... must sleep 
My parrot , Indy , now barks in the same tone as the little yorkie we babysit ( corky ) . God help me ..... 
I LOVE my boys ... GO YANKEES !!!!! 
I have spent the better part of my day searching for ATTRACTIVE wide width heels . So far I have come up empty-handed . Wide feet are much harder to fit ... one would think they would < PROPFEMALE > them in stores . They do not . And for those who wish to be helpful , PLEASE do not suggest DSW . Their selection of wide width SUCKS !!!!! 
Today on october 20th wear purple to bring awareness to , and put an \ 
end to intolerance in honor of the 6 boys who commited suicide in recent\ 
weeks/months due to homophobic abuse at home and in schools . Purple \ 
represents spirit on the Lgbtq flag . RIP < PROPFIRST > Clementi < PROPMALE > Walsh \ 
< PROPFIRST > Aaberg < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Asher Brown < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Zach Harrington and\ 
all other victims of homophobia 
Hello Facebook ... you did not ' purple ' my profile today as I requested . Epic fail . I wore purple today , right down to my undies . Unfortunately , my profile does not reflect my support of the youth we have lost . Not . a . happy . camper . :( 
I want to have the following people over for Thanksgiving dinner ..... Alex Trebeck , < PROPFIRST > Lipton , < PROPMALE > Gunn and < PROPFIRST > Love . I think it would be a hoot . 
Homework finally done ... so thankful for Jack .... it will all be worth it in the end , < PROPFEMALE > . 
Post this as your status & see what people love about you . I LOVE YOUR_______ . :) 
Need to crank it out tonight ... finish up all my assignments for the week , so i can travel to NJ , ' cause MICHELLE'S GETTIN ' MARRIED !!! 
lets get this sh ** show over iwth ! 
Finally home after a very nice weekend with family . The wedding was beautiful , spent quality time with the fam , and capped it off with an enlightening visit with my holistic practioner .... please let my hives go away soon ! 
the phrase of the day is ... SEX BOMB ! 
Is enjoying the living food , then off to work . Juicers are a b**ch to clean ... 
is so tired , she could cry . Is so sick of being this tired , that she could scream . I used to be so much better at the ' man up ' thing .... 
A million things to do today .... polish my hardwood floors , write three papers , take a test , make chili , attend I Am launch party , make pancakes , spend quality time with parrots , and most important , love < PROPFIRST > . 
So , the list from earlier today .... I still have three papers and a test before 2:00 am .... I need espresso shots ! 
Have YOU hugged a transperson today ? It is Trans Awareness week , and it is up to all of us who understand , even a little bit , to help those who don't , know more . \ 
\ 
I am not transgendered , but I love someone who is . \ 
Watch out world , here I come . 
So , < PROPFIRST > cleaned up the house for us while I did homework . I've said it before , but I'll say it again , \it will all be worth it in the end\ " \ 
Had wine , cheese , crackers , < PROPFEMALE > for dinner . So nice , right ? Apparently not , since the boy is practically passed out . What is it about transition that makes one so overly sensitive to the effects of alcohol ? Two glasses of a very nice , inexpensive malbec and he's on the floor . I could see if we were doing shots of Patron ..... 
they gave me the day off tomorrow , so I can enjoy pie making , instead of the furious mad dash that I planned on . I will also be able to really focus on classwork , and enjoy Thanksgiving , instead of worrying about all the things I have to do . 
there is a very large organic pecan pie in my oven .... pumpkin's next ! 
bake fest 2010 is complete ! Pecan , beautiful . Pumpkin .... lovely . Apple , that may just be a work of < PROPMALE > . Tried something new , peppermint bark . WOW ! < PROPFIRST>'s working on the pumpkin p < PROPMALE > of cherpumple .... 
wishing everyone a Happy Thanksgiving . So many things for so many of my friends old and new to be thankful for this year . Me ? I am thankful for all of you . Peace , love , and kindness to you all ! 
love saving big bucks on textbooks ... 
what did I purchase today ? A cup of free trade coffee from a local coffee shop , a train ticket , cat food and litter , and a pizza . The only think ' black ' about my friday was the stool I had to clean from a kitten's butt at work this morning .... 
opportunity comes once in a lifetime .... 
In light of current wold events ( ie . cablegate.wikileaks.org ) , I am getting closer to the conclusion that Iran and North Korea are a far bigger threats that our targets in the ' war on terror ' . Very Little in this world that is communicated to us through mainstream media is what it seems . Seriously , does government really think that we're that stupid ? 
I changed my profile pic ... most of you will probably not be surprised that I chose Bugs . We must try to end child abuse , and support those who have endured it . I overcame it , but it wasn't easy . 
loves falafel from Bay Sweets ... hates the benedryl I have to take with it ... soooo tired . 
Local peeps ... you MUST go to thursday burger night at the Rox Diner , center st west Rox . BEST . BURGERS . EVER !!!!!! 
is supposed to be writing a paper ... cannot focus to save my life . I need some serious ' pumpin up ' and can't seem to get it . Oh , and I cannot understand men . 
wants to attend at least part of First Event in January , but I really can only do Saturday workshops and maybe the evening event to hear J . Green . Anyone interested in sharing a ride ? 
turns , looks . Nope , not there . Anybody seen my mojo laying around anywhere ? I really need to put a lojack on that thing ..... 
On my lunchbreak , surrounded by < PROPFEMALE > and treats . I really just want a sandwich or something . 
A&P has the pride in me , with the world's smallest turkey . 
A Holiday feast ... cutest little turkey EVER !, stuffed with apples , pears , and carrots . Roasted root veg smash ( turnip , rutabaga , sweet potatoes , parsnips . ) , Sauteed green beans , homemade cranberries . A fabulous malbec , and < PROPFIRST > . Not to mention the rest of the ' babies ' , all begging for turkey . 
Spending the weekend in the land of my birth , New Jersey . Can you say MEATBALLS on Sunday !!!! 
Sunday dinner a success ... apple fritters , meatballs and sauce , salad . Felt so good to cook in < PROPFIRST>'s gram's kitchen .... I think she's looking down and smiling .... 
For all those men who say , \why marry the cow when you can get the milk free\ " . Here's an update for you ! Nowadays 80% of women are against marriage 
everyone who's out and about , or will be PLEASE BE CAREFUL ! 
root veg pot pie in the oven .... mmmmm 
To all Egyptians who long to have your voices heard , stand strong . Change is coming , because you have demanded it . I support you . 
Mubarak is SO full of shit 
so the most hated man in Egypt chooses the most feared man in Egypt as his vice president . I'll bet a dog-earred copy of Mein Kampf sits on his nightstand 
the police force IS on the street in Egypt , but they're in plain clothes , looting , or helping others cause trouble , hoping to blame it on the people protesting for freedom . Sad . 
Denial is a river in the US not Egypt 
It's 2 am , and I am tuned into Aj-Jazeera . The revolution WILL be televised . 
this is < PROPMALE > . Americans who want to be flown out of Egypt , the us govt will fly you out but only if you sign an agreement to REPAY THEM FOR THE FLIGHT . Are they kidding ? 
Keep going Egypt ! 
I have not been able to tear myself away from al-jazeera all day . 
Are you following what's happening in Egypt ? Be very careful where you get your info . The Pro-Mubarak supporters are in fact the secret police , and thugs paid by the gov't . 
cannot stop watching Egypt coverage .... 
I just had an idea ... what if we all decided to not pay our taxes until our gov't spends the money responsibly , i.e. , don't spend it on things like FUNDING DICTATORS ! 
No live feed from any news agencies . journalists have been hunted , beaten . What does the Egyptian gov't NOT want the world to see ?! 
I couldn't give a fat rat's ass about the superbowl , or any other fluff . Too many important things at stake in the world . 
