Well , Happy New Year !!!!! 

It really amazes me how people change so drastically in a short amount of time ! 
Dude , my thighs don't work ! AHHHH !!! Krazy < PROPFIRST > made me run bleachers ! But , I enjoyed it ! 
Done Done DONE !!!!!! So , so happy ! Estoy alegre !!! 
I have an A in Accounting and an A in Spanish so far ... can't wait to see the other two !...... kinda nervous .... 
So ... it's a B in Biology ... but One more class to go ! It's either a 3.5 this semester , or a 3.75 . Not to Shabby . 
Quiero ir < PROPMALE > antro ... YA ! 
Dang it . I made a stupid B in my Comm . 135 class . Welp , 3.5 GPA is what I got . pooper 
Well , moving out of Shreveport tomorrow morning ! Just so ya'll know . Back to the South with me ! 
Bitter Sweet moment guys ... 
Hasta la Vista Shreveport , LA . 
I'm finally in Sulphur ! Woo Hoo .... maybe ??? Just looking for something to do ! 
Been in Sulphur for 1 day and already want to go elsewhere . 
Well , day two of the Sulphur Saga ... got some plans for tomorrow . We'll see if they can hold up . 
Time to go eat ! No internet on my computer blows ! 
Whelp .... AHHHHHH !!!!!! 
Yay ! Goin ' places and having a little fun with some friends ! Woo Hoo !!! 
Goin ' the the Guitar and Drum studio tomorrow ... YAY ! 
Dude , I've been up since 6am and need to go to bed ! I have such a big weekend this weekend ! 
gotta wake up at 4am to go to Baton Rouge ... Fun ??? Not when you've only had 13 hours of sleep in the last 3 consecutive days added together . 
to Baton Rouge I go 
Got and apartment near campus at LSU BR . Movin ' in on January 11 
Rit-ard 
Quiero ir < PROPMALE > antro !!! Ahora !!! Por Favor !!! 
Time to go get my passport book ! Yay ! BFT 
I feel like a giddy lil kid right now . Wow , I haven't felt like this since i was a lil kid ! 
Just when life can seem to get you down , something even better picks you right up . 
Watching Alven and the Chipmonks , ' The Squeakwal ' today with my first cousins . 
< PROPMALE > and the Chipmunks , ' The Spueakuel ' was a worthwhile watch . Funny as can be . 
Tired . 
For the first time in his life is most likely going to turn down hunting ... 
Dude , do all of the clubs suck in the LC area ??? Jeez 
Wants some chips and salsa ... but it's too cold to go to the store and get it ! 
Watched 9 . It's ok 
Dude , do you ever feel a certian way ; but it's not quite appropriate to discuss the subject at the time being ? 
Hair Cut appointment at 3pm ! I need it for sure ! 
Job interview tomorrow in Baton Rouge ! woo hoo 
SOOOOO Tired . But the show must go on 
Ok ! Gettin ' ready to go out ! Woo Hoo ! 
Just got home from going out . Dang I'm whooped . 
Wow ... so tired ! 
Man , list of things to do ... move out of LA after graduation ... end of list 
Dude , heck of a day tomorrow . Movin ' to Baton Rouge to start a new life at LSU ! Oh boy 
In Baton Rouge chillin ' with the roommates . heck ya 
First day of work today . Throat feelin ' kinda funny . No gettin ' sick !!! 
Got my drum set all set up , first staff meeting at 5pm . Life is gettin ' better by the minute !!! Big spanish test tomorrow tho ... 
Studying for my spanish test in Himes Hall tomorrow morning . Woo Hoo . 
Took the spanish test , got to the next level ! yay 
Flakey , Flakey people . 
May get the opportunity to < PROPFEMALE > out with someone cool , and not flakey tomorrow . Seems like it's gonna be a cool enough day . 
OHHH .... Of to orientation , and spending lots of my cash ! Not quite Kansas .... 
I just got back from LSU transfer orientation ... my feet are killing me ! 
Hey Everybody . Look at my profile pic and tell me that's not HILARIOUS 
Work at 8:53 am this morning . haha , it's that crucial 
Workin ' out with on of the roommates today . gotta nap first tho ! 
Youtube is full of the best videos ever . i.e. Coldplay 
Go NO !!!!!! 
Rockin ' out 
Woo Hoo 
Rockin ' out at my place tonight . gonna be good . If ur in BR stop by 
Happy MLK Day ??? 
Those of you who don't think the band Mute Math is awesome ... You need to re-evaluate !!! 
Pickin ' up some sweet threads at the mall today . and gettin ' some stuff for the pad . hells ya 
You're bein ' a lil to liberal wit the punches there bruh . Markeith Da Juiceman < PROPMALE > 
I really need to get into the Spanish 1152 class . I'm on the waiting list ... number one in the line up . 
My new pics and vids are absolutely priceless . 
Hello everybody !!! 
Been rockin ' out a bit much the past few days . Ready to chill . The pad is starting to come out nicely , and with any luck I'll find some cool new friends to invite over soon for some R&R . 
Chillin ' in the crib . Need to finish decorating it tho . So much homework to do ! 
Encanto la lingua de español !!!!! 
Encanto la lengua de español !!!!! 
Voy a la clase de español . me late 
Finally got to spanish class !!!! I can almost navigate through LSU now !!! YAYAAY !!!! 
Dude , so worn out . Now it's time to take a trip to Oppolussus and back ... 
Just got back from Lafayette .... time to crash 
Quiero ir < PROPMALE > partido ahorita !!! 
Woo Hoo !!! All nighter !!!!! Hey , 318 if you wanna come have some fun !!!! 
GSP vs BJP . GSP will always win . 
On to Opelousas to pick up the Roommate , Then Homework , Then The Saints Game !!!!!!!!!!! 
Colts won !!! Now it's the Saint's turn to bring it to the table !!! 
Colts vs Saints at the Superbowl .... I think we all know what that outcome's gonna be 
Done with School and Work . Now it's time to study !!! 
I really , really need some new clothes . It's starting to drive me up the wall for real now . 
It's only 7am and I'm tired . Going to bed early tonight ... really early 
Didn't go to bed as early as I wanted too ... but everything is A . O.K. ! 
Tired as heck and getting corrected on my grammar . 
Playin ' basket ball with some newly made friends today ! 
For those of you who don't know . I don't have internet in my apartment right now , my roommate forgot to pay the bill ... so I won't be able to chat much for now . Text me or talk to me in class !!!!!! Sorry ! 
Got the net back . yay . 
All I want for my birthday is a really good nights rest ... I doubt that my roommate are going to allow that 
It's my Birthday . Woot 
I feel really bad . My alarm didn't go off to pick up my roommate ... or even to go to class .... 
How would I describe myself ??? Three words : Hardworking , < PROPFEMALE > Male , Jackhammer , Merciless , Insatiable . 
I'm so , so messed up ....... 
Yay !!! It's a new day !!! 
Wow , everybody has definitely bailed on me today ... 
I gotta stay FLYYYY-YY-YY-YYYYY-YY-YYYY-Y-YYY-YYY !!!! 
Got some new threads ... now it's time to nap before the play of -Isms . It's gonna be fun !!! 
Watchin ' some South Park after an awesome party !!!!! 
Dude , my roommate < PROPFIRST > Holmes is the bomb diggity for bringing home that block of ham . MMMMMMM !!!!! 
Got some speakers ordered for my drum set today ! Yay ! Now time to do some homework ... but I gotta watch the Pro-Bowl first !!!! 
Oh boy ! All I have left to do is a heaping mound of Spanish Homework ! How could I now be optimistic right now ? 
I'm ready to take on this miserable rainy day ! 
Pretty sure that what I just got done doing took 3 times as long as it should had ... not cool , not cool . 
I absolutely cannot focus on what I know has to get done ! It's driving me bananas ! 
Hey ! Apparently I look like < PROPMALE > Cook ! Is that a good thing ??? lol 
On to my Spanish Class ! 
Got my speakers for the set !!! Ready to ROCK !!! 
facebook is one of the biggest distractions on the planet ! So hard to concentrate with so many cool people to talk to ! 
What is something good to eat at 12am ....? NOT FAST FOOD ... hmmm ...... so , so hungry 
dude , busy day today . Lots of homework and little time to do it . 
As soon as I get off work , it's on to Econ and then to the Library to finish all of my wonderful ISDS BS lol 
Woo Hoo ! ISDS Time ! and i'd much rather be working out right now 
Dude , I walked from Lockett to the Circle K on Burbank in the freezing cold and rain . I'm so miserable I could just roll over and die 
Ready to Rock and Roll 
I made a 100 on my ISDS Pre-test ! All thanks to < PROPFIRST > Whitted !!!!! Thanks bruh !!!! 
I had a really good night tonight . It's time like these that make you feel like life is going in a good direction . 
Building a loft bed for my room today and then going to BWW's to watch UFC 109 . Gonna be good 
UFC 109 ! 
Poor < PROPFIRST > Coleman ... didn't stand a < PROPMALE > against The Natural . B-Dubs is the place to be for UFC ! 
I can't believe that Hell froze over tonight . Throw all the old Saint's jokes out the window . 
Plenty of stuff on my plate for this week . Lots of Tests , Cleaning , Work , and Hangin ' Out to do ! 
I am SO HUNGRY . and I still have so much studying to do for my Biology test . gross 
Ya , got the hook up for some free Taco < PROPFEMALE > . SCORE 
Got some Cane's . Now I'm full ! 
Up early for some good ol ' studying . Biology awaits ! 
Why do blondes smile when lightning strikes ???... Cause they think that their picture's being taken ! 
What do you call a row of blondes standing ear-to-ear ? ....... WIND TUNNEL ! 
Dude , life is so unpredictable ... it really freaks me out sometimes . 
Playin ' some serious drums ! I LOVE DRUMS !!! 
What would you do for a Klondike Bar ? 
Ok , I have 2 more hours to finish studying for my Bio 1002 Exam ... It's CRUNCH TIME !!! 
Time to detox a bit and got show this test who's boss ! 
Dude . I wasted so much time studying for my Bio Exam that I forgot to study for my Spanish test in the morning . I really hope class gets cancelled so I have all break to study for it ! 
I'm so frustrated !!!!! Forget studying , I'm going to go to sleep ... I have a test at 8am , 3 more classes after that , and THEN work . I may just go insane from insomnia . 
School is still on today . 
School is on and the buses are runnin ' . Today is going to be one of those days .... 
I think that I made an A on my Spanish Exam !!!!! Me gusta la clase de espanol ! Deseao aprender la lingua de espanol tambien , pero < PROPFEMALE > dificil con otras clases . 
a toast to new friends ! 
Dude , I can't even function . I was going to pick up Markieth at work , but I feel asleep on my computer desk . I'm just glad I got to send him the text ! Paranoia can wake you from the crazies sleeps ! 
Off to work for 7 hours ! no sweat ! 
Upgraded my speakers ! YAY !!!!! Now everyone in the apartment complex will be able to hear me playing ! lol , jk 
Do you ever get a really good vibe sometimes , for no logical reason ? 
I've had some much needed rest ! Time to clean up the room and chill with Markeith Da Juiceman < PROPMALE > . 
Let the soreness commence ! Maybe I shouldn't have worked out so hard ... I have a feeling that this is gonna hurt more than usual ! Bring it on 
I'm so excited !!! I get to < PROPFEMALE > out with someone really cool tonight !!! YAY ! 
Happy Mardi Gras all you crazy Coonasses !!!!! 
Facebook open board discussion !!!!! If you could make a holiday for anything , what would it be ??? 
So much crap to memorize for Econ 2000 . I hope the test is pretty easy ... didn't study a whole bunch this weekend 
< PROPFEMALE > Eliminators at Guitar Center , half price . Thank you Drum-Gods !!! 
Ms. < PROPFEMALE > say's that I'm her big , hairy pink guerilla . 
I had fun at school today 
Got Called into work . Gonna make some money ! 
Day Walkers !!!! 
Another day of unscheduled work = mas dinero !!! 
4 Sho gonna go get some endless enchiladas at On the Border tonight with my homegirl < PROPFEMALE > Peltier , then it's icecream and movie time ! 
likes your status 
WORK WORK WORK SCHOOL SCHOOL SCHOOL WORK WORK WORK 
AWESOME-O 4000 
Spanish Club meeting at 6pm tonight !!! So pumped ! 
IT\S NICO\ " S BIRTHDAY !!!!!!! " 
Met Ms. LSU at the Spanish Club meeting today . That's pretty cool . 
ISDS = AVERAGE(D3+U3*M3+B3 ) 
Where does a General keep his armies ???... Up his sleevesies !!!! 
Hey , if anybody's in Baton Rouge and wants to jam ... let me know . I'm gonna have an open mic night at my place on friday at 7 . There's a lobby and everything , and I'll have my latin set with me . I want some guitar players and singers ! or who ever else that wants to play an instrument 
Good times ! 
I made a 100 on the ISDS Exel pt 1 Pre-test on the first try . Eat my socks Dr. < PROPFEMALE > ! 
( Mis-communication + one-sided apathetic demeanor + procrastination ) + Ryant = Ryant Stressed ! 
Those of you at the Burbank Commons don't forget about the JAM Session at 7 in the Clubhouse !!! Free Food !!! 
This party ROCKS !!! 
You find out who someone is when they're drunk , thank you God for self control . 
Soooo much to do today . Gonna try to make it to N . O ... gonna be a stretch with work at 9am tomorrow . 
All I have to say at the moment is OMG 
Slew of tests this week ... never ready for that ... Atleast I've got some cool stuff planned tho ! 
So ... who wants to take my Biology Exam for me ? 
Do you like Fish Stix ??? 
Anybody in my spanish class who needs help on the pages we have to read for class can feel free to contact me . I will help you get through it . 
< PROPFEMALE > gusta tu estado 
The Concert was SWEET ! 
hates it when exams are nothing like the study material 
Nap time ! Work at 4 
< PROPFEMALE > !!! There's a Snuke in you Snizz !!!! 
Ok , time to rock out the Econ homework ... and the Span homework ... and the Bio homework ... and maybe some ISDS homework ... :'( 
MY AMP IS COMING IN ON THE 11TH !!!! YESSSSSS !!! Gonna get krunk up in here ! 
is about to go nutz on this internet ! It won't cooperate ! 
This is for all of you who still think that love is a fairy-tale ... GET REAL !!! NO SUCH THING !!! Idk y i put this , but it's true . 
Double-bass is comin ' along ! Gettin ' better and better every practice session ! 
Needs a vote : Should I skip Econ 2000 just for today to get some well needed sleep ??? What do y'all think ? 
School , work , school , exam ! then hw ... 
Just wants to < PROPFEMALE > out !!! But nobody can because of mid-terms ! 
What happens when you get served and you serve back ??? Same episode 
Tough times 
Time to rest up for some Exams in the am and pm ! joy 
Big test in Bio today at 11:30 . Exam #2 ... I hope this one goes better than Exam #1 . 
In one of the Canadian episodes of South Park , what does the ' City Wok ' double as ??? 
According to < PROPFEMALE > N . < PROPFIRST > , crawfish cure anything and everything ! 
goin jam out with < PROPFIRST > Duhon 
Workin ' the grooves , Drums til ' Death 
Somebody check ur watch .... I think it's almost time to party !!! 
Me and < PROPMALE > Andrés Rodríguez Delfino just got back from hitting up 3 parties !!! ¡Puros Huevos ! jajaja 
is about to take his last midterm exam . Wish me luck !!! 
I so hungry 
\Sure you can trust the government !!!... Just ask any Indian ... \"" 
Puttin ' the foot down 
I just walked into a public restroom and wondered , \Why are the stalls painted pink ... and where the hell are the urinals ? \ " Then I ran out when I saw high heels under a stall door ... " 
Mom always said , \It's better to be a Smart-ass than a Dumb-ass . \ " That's why I practice being a smart-ass as much as possible . " 
If I didn't love the Burbank Commons before today , I do now . Thank you for the pool 
Well , The Crackwalker was o.k. The acting was decent , but the story was a bit shy on the developmental side ... One character was a bit ' out ' of character . 
Done with the jam session , now time for the homework session 
Objectives of today . 1 . Super clean room . 2 . Do homework 3 . Jam out with < PROPFIRST > . 
Bass Player and Keyboard Player Needed in Baton Rouge ! Please contact me ASAP 
Did home work and cleaned up half of the room . Not shabby . The rest of the room goes down tomorrow after some studying and New Episodes of Lost n SP 
Organize room , watch Lost , go to bed , school-work-exam , study , sleep , exam , go to Lake < PROPFIRST > . Game plan 
Gotta try to put my smile on , I'm cranky as heck right now ... no sleep last night 
I can't fall asleep . This is awful 
I love it when somebody calls at 7.30 in the morning , then cocks an attitude with you when you tell them that it's not a cool time to call . 
Packin ' up and headin ' to Sulphur . 
My phone is officially broken ... so not cool at all . Stuck in Sulphur with a broken phone ... until Sunday ... erg 
Planned on going back to Baton Rouge early ... but screw it , going to get some fresh threads ! 
This is where the Beast is unleashed , and your foot is chained to the wall . Your gonna wish you listened to reason 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > \I would rather have sex with < PROPFIRST > Sessler than < PROPFEMALE > Munn . \ " Facepalm B-face " 
