Missing someone terribly & need him back soon . 

As we grow up , we learn that even the 1 person that wasn't supposed 2 ever let us down , probably will . U'll have ur heart broken & u'll break others ' hearts . Life comes w/ no guarantees , u just have 2 live life 2 the fullest , tell some1 what they\ 
mean 2 u . Don't b afraid 2 take chances or fall n love . Most of all , live n the moment cause every sec u spend angry or upset is a sec\ 
of happiness u can never get back . 
Finally , going to get out of the house and take a break from working my ass off ! It is well over due and hopefully won't be feeling too damn bad in the morning ... and if I do , I am kicking it relaxing all weekend after tonight . 
you cant give what isn't given to you or expect anything in return , if you have nothing to begin with 
Too much time to think about all the bs in my life . Starting tomorrow it is all irrelevant ! xoxo 
Only the loving find love , and they never have to seek for it . 
I always knew looking back on the tears would make me laugh , but I never knew looking back on the laughs would make me cry . \ " , 2010-11-08 04:17:12 " 
Don't go for looks , they can deceive . Don't go for wealth , \ 
even that fades away . Go for someone who makes you\ 
smile because it takes only a smile to make a dark day\ 
seem bright . 
More than anything ... I hate when I am right , about something that was so wrong ! To : ALL THE FAKE ASS PEOPLE ( that WERE in my life ) . From : A TRUE FRIEND . XOXO 
Some people will not tolerate such emotional honest in communication . They would rather defend their dishonesty on the grounds that it might hurt others . Therefore , having rationalized their phoniness into nobility , they settle for superficial relationships . 
I can not even begin to expain what WONDERFUL , AMAZING , FEELING I feel . But , I do know this , \I believe ! \ " It is game on from here on out and for the second time around I think I got it figured out ! Xoxo " 
We are free to choose the emotions that arise in us , we are free to choose how and when to express them , provided we know what they are ! 
Give up what you do not want , and keep what you do . It should be simple , right¿ ? 
Reguardless of how little you have , you can ALWAYS give comfort and encouragement ! Xoxoxo 
There is no elevator to success . You have to take the stairs . 
Faith is taking a step even when you can't see the stairs . 
I ' ve learned that you can keep going long after you think you can't . Xoxo 
What happens when an irresistable force meets an immovable object ? 
Rum !!!! x 6 
Sprite . Then , gin . FOREVER !!! 
You can't always get what you want . And if you try sometimes ... u might find what u need ... 
