I miss the mountains of colorado 

Is it spring yet ? 
Woo-Hoo ! The sun has come out from hiding and they are forcasting up to the 70's this week . Time for a nice leisurly motorcycle ride =) 
Working on the \Honey DO\ " list in the yard this weekend " 
People need to understand that children with special needs don't have an illness , so there is no cure & it's not contagious . They only want what we all want , to be accepted . It's Special Education week , and this is in honor of all the kids who need a little extra help & understanding . FYI , this is important to me because I have a special needs daughter and see those looks and stares far too often . 
Just finished with my mig-welding class tonight and will be certified once the paperwork is sent in . 
I am taking today easy . Did a lot on the honey-do list an saturday 
< PROPFEMALE > made me an awesome mexican feast for my b-day dinner . Beef fajitas , bacon wrapped jalapeno poppers all served with chips and queso ... I\M STUFFED ! " 
Thank you so much to all my family and friends for the b-day wishes , they have filled my heart with a present that cant be bought , JOY !!! Take care and luv-ya all .... Steve 
Woo Hoo , my train Project moved under its own power for the first time today !!! Time to build the body . 
We are no longer the knights who say \NI ! \ " We are now the knights who say \ " Echy echy echy whoop ping ! \ " And we want another shrubery . " 
Oh dear , I seem to have trodden in miseuer's bucket 
ACED my lathe project final today , WOO-HOO ! 
Absolutely bored today 
I am Today what Yesterday has made me ; \ 
tomarrow I shall be changed by today's experiances . -Unknown 
School let out for summer on Thursday . Ho-hum , what to do for the summer ? ( besides the < PROPFEMALE > do list ) 
ZZZZzzzZZZZZzzzZzz 
Well , everything worked out well on the tractor . Runs great . Hooked up the brush hog and tackled some 6 foot tall weeds , everything is working as it should now . It felt pretty good to me to get a 55 year old machine out of the cobwebs and back to doing what it was meant to do .... WORK ! 
What is your favorite rum ? 
who or what is your greatest musical influence ? 
OK , now what do I do ? All done with school . Guess its time to hit the bricks and rejoin the working world , EEEEEWWWW ! 
Loving the spring weather ! Trying to get the garden ready for planting but having tiller issues . 
