Damn I miss you ...... Lol how did we end up here ?????? Wow how depressing !!!!!! 

I am happy and content !!!!!!!! 
Ok today a new day and I am looking forward to whatever challenges or blessings that may come my way !!!!!!! 
I went to church today .... It was great ..... Lol I realized that I am juss lookin ' For friendship right now and maybe it will lead to other things !!!! 
I had the best time last night with a good friend lol ...... I mean She tried to act like she don't kno about shooting pool , but she ran dat game on me .... Good times !!!!!! Can't wait to see you again !!!! Back to school today !!!!! 
Juss out of class And the it is so boring ..... Well time to study and get dem braids done !!!!! 
So rude !!!!!! That is all I can say for now ..... 
I am bored ..... 
I am so bored 
I have a long day ahead of me !!!!! No time for games this is Intense !!!!! being single leaves me with a lot of time on my hands !!!!! LOL 
Damn I am blastin ' that Jodeci ..... I am so relaxed juss got out of school !!!!! Foever my lady lol I kno she out here somewere < PROPFEMALE > !!!!!!!! 
I am fucking done wit every fucking body .... This includes fam friends and everybody in the middle !!!!! If i do not talk to you please do not talk to me or dial my Fucking Number !!!!! 
I juss woke up and I have a long day ahead of me !!!!!! Lots of studying !!!!! 
Ok I am suppsed to be studying but I am bagin ' it slow right now !!!!! Jodeci siad , you got to beg , but I am juss gone be me and let my swag get it done !!!!! 
I got lots of tats !!!! 
Taking down the braids ...... 
On a perfect day I kno that I can count on you(talking to you makes me smile ) When that is not possible , can you stand the storm ( what if we do not always agree ) Cuz I want somebody who will stand be , so tell babe can you stand the rain ? LOL !!!! 
I juss got a B+++++ on my Mid-term I went beast mode ...... We had 2 hours to finish and I got done in 7 < PROPFEMALE > 51 sec ...... Ain't nobody fuckin ' wit me and you already kno dat pimpin'!!!!!! 
This is a new day and I am ready to start it off right ..... I am so blessed lol bout to do the unthinkable stay tuned FB this is deep !!!!!!! 
I’m a need counseling I lost my mind and still haven’t found it I used to be so well-rounded But now I tiptoe on hell’s boundaries G . Baby A.K.A. crazy Trapped in a maze , therefore I am amazing Block E the doc , I’m just a patient And even with Navigation I’m lost on a 
Lets Chill .... Like Zero Below had to introduce her to my hero below not a waste of time says my < PROPFIRST > Muller and we could swim around and just drown in the cooler baby we could chill like ice im the jeweler wrap around your ass like a bracelet or a hula ... hoop ! the group ... is Young Mula but theres another subject , see right now im tryna budge into your situation , girl im like a mental patient 
FB this is juss another day to be open to every positive force in your life ...... Let go of the negative we all have the potential to be great , so why not be just that , FB I am loving life , Aquarius run this town 2012 , this is my time and now is the time for greatness so get in were you fit in and live this blessed life ( Mr. Solitaire20**012 ) !!! 
FB it's the morning and I woud like to say hello to the world .... You can be that shining < PROPFEMALE > juss let the positive forces flow into your life and it is that siimple FB there is something in the universe that wants us all to live a wonderful life take time out to say three positive things about you and three about someone else and observe how you feel at the end of the night !!!!!! 
I am so happy FB , so much is going right for me , I am juss surrounded by positive energy . I juss want everyone who I consider to be close to me that I love you and allthat good stuff !!!! 
I am happy beyond measure lol people do not kno the influence they hold until the they see the final results I ponder what will come of the most caring person I have ever met we soon shall see FB ........ 
Life is what you make of it FB .... Nothing has to be complicated ....... Stay positive and hopeful and things will run smoothly , juss believe me I am a living witness !!!!! 
Bonza < PROPFEMALE > !!!! 
Not juss a FB status afterall .... Careful what you say and do things always come back to you boo !!!!!! 
??? ?? ??? 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > URIT < PROPFEMALE > - BET - AYIN 
Sources inform me that this was not a staged fight but better put a freestyle to what each individual was feeling at the time ...... More FB news when we return ........... Lmao !!!!!! Don't Miss Out ..... 
So I juss passed my final FB , I am making great strides when it comes to the concerns of my educational career ....... This is only the start of a never ending journey , with promising success and ecouragement for my future in the legal field !!!!! 
I got an A+ on my speech , which is to be expected ..... I am ready to move on from this thug , bad boy college student image and advance my status on the political arena ...... It is time for the youth of Indianapolis to become more involved in the concerns of the Indiana government system !!!!!! 
It is time for me to do some execises ...... Lets get in shape and in touch with our higher self for better health and positive energy flow !!!!!!! 
FB stay positive and hopeful when it comes to the subject matter of your personal goals , it is when it seems things are at the worst and you can not continue any longer , when you are at the door of accomplishing your goal !!!!!! The best is yet to come ....... 
( I gotta Woman ) Please FB juss listen to the song I have posted it is By J-foxx And BAByface ....... Juss so inspiring ...... God , Buddah , Muhammud ????? How did you come up with love damn , I love my woman !!!!!!! 
Anybody in the mood for a lucky ciggarett ? ( ? _ ? _ ? ( ??????????? ( ? _ ? _ ?????? l ?? u ?? c ?? k ?? y ????? _ ? _ ? _ ? () ?? 
Today I am 20 !!!!!! Thanks to everyone on FB who remembered and sent me thoughtful messages two decades in counting I <3 my Life !!!!!!!!! Remember FB be positive in all the you do ........ 
Were is my SupeWoman ? She said I was her roc and called me SuperMan .......... Truth be told SuperMan is notthing without his SuperWoman ........ Even if you are a million < PROPMALE > away I could still feel you in my bed Near me , touch me , feel me ........ If there is a way to make it without you I do not want it ( I love this song ) Have you ever tried sleeping with a broken heart </3 ? 
Laughing at FB ........ Now this is going to be funny later on ; ) ....... Job interview today , hopefully I land it !!!!!!! 
Today is going to be a good day filled with adventure , last night and the night before was great , Wish it didn't have to end ! 
My bestfriend is beyond coo , we had a good talk , Well off to bed , This was a good day , going to sleep in Heaven ! 
You never know , who is watching or who still cares deep down , so treat people with respect and kindness , I love my life and all the ones close to me in it , Today is a good day and I am ready for whatever . Where is my best friend ? 
I am going out with my hommie Laquantis < PROPMALE > tonight , ready for whatever , WHere is my bestfriend at ? 
Why can't every night be fireworks ? Good day today , but lots of old memories crowding my mind , Juss going to do my hw and go to sleep in heaven . 
Today is a good day , I love this life , Heaven is now , but Hell prevails ! Stop just existing and start living your life , because you will find Heaven was never in the sky , but in you and the way you live !!!!!!! 
I see a difference in you and in me ........ <3 Where my bestfriend at ? Today is a good day !!! 
Jillians , Motorcycles , Music , Dancing , Fun , Puertorican Rum , Finally slight hangover , but it is all good , last night was the greatest ......... What will I be getting into today ? O yeah and where is my bestfriend at when I need her , smh !!!!! 
yea i want a real relationship ... but that dont mean ima fuck everybody until i find that ! its not a crime to want more out of a WOMAN then some SEX ! so no im not going to fuck u ! cuz i feel like what i want will come to me and until then i got money , school and thats all i need !... real recognize real and my niggas is gon feel me on this and if not then shit im coo . 
I am in class : Business Communication , Now this should be fun !!! 
Do you wanna know a secret ? 
Didn't I tell you what I believe ...... Did somebody say that a love like ours wont last .... Didn't I give you all I have to give ba-bay ...... \This Is No Ordinary <3 \ " (<PROPFEMALE>') " 
I will forgive everything you done ...... And I would die for You !!!! What does that make me ? 
Guess what FaceBook I < PROPFEMALE > now the co-host of an online radio show called \Guess what !!!! \ " Tune in for a < PROPMALE > to win a hundred dollars !!!!! " 
call in for a < PROPMALE > to win 100 dollars ( 323 ) 679-0913 
call ( 323 ) 679-0913 at 11 pm tonight for a < PROPMALE > to win 100 dollars . 
Call in show starts 11:30 call for a < PROPMALE > to win 100 dollars 323-679-0913\ 
\ 
Be on the radio !!!!!! 
( 646 ) 478-0660 call in and give a shout out to anyone !!!!! The show starts in 20 mintues 
call in and give a shout out ( 646 ) 478-0660 the show is on . 
Show is over you can still listen to it though .......... Right below is the play button , just click it and listen . 
Serenity Ent . will be guest hosting \Guess What\ " Tonight is going to be live ....... Tune in !!!! You don't want to miss it . " 
The call in number for the show is ( 323 ) 679-0913 tune in and listen 12:00 am 
Call in now I am on the air ........ 323- 679 -0913 
Miss the show tonight .... that is ok ....... Just click the blog talk box below and listen ...... I t was great !!!! 
LIGHT SKINNED VS . DARK SKINNED PARTY HOSTERS WILL BE GUEST HOSTING TONIGHT FROM 10-11 PM TUNE IN !!!!! 
LIGHT SKINNED VS . DARK SKINNED PARTY HOSTERS WILL BE GUEST HOSTING TONIGHT FROM 11-12 PM TUNE IN !!!!! 
My show , \Light Skinned VS . Dark Skinned\ " on \ " Greg FlyEgo\ " is airing 09/07/2010 on BlogTalkRadio . See the details and set a reminder at http://tobtr.com/s/1249310 . RSVP to my facebook event : http://www.facebook.com/event.php?eid=159173010763982 " 
Call In now tell us do ya shout out 1 ( 646 ) 478-0660 
Mook TrillTight < PROPFIRST > jus wanna thank you and your team show showing up and out on the \DropBox\ " radio show Light Skinned Vs . Dark Skinned this sat at ISU !!!!! " 
My show , \ A.O. & THE PARTY GURU'S\ " on \ " ILLUMINATED WATCHER\ " is airing 09/08/2010 on BlogTalkRadio . See the details and set a reminder at http://tobtr.com/s/1251722 . RSVP to my facebook event : " 
There will be a show tonight !!!!!!! 
It is going to take a lot of energy , and dedication , I am not giving up , I am blessed to have my own Show , but I want to be a Brand !!!!! 
My show , \PaperRoute 3 Interview with hip-hop artist Paperboy\ " on \ " ILLUMINATED WATCHER\ " is airing 09/15/2010 on BlogTalkRadio . See the details and set a reminder at http://tobtr.com/s/1263420 . RSVP to my facebook event : http://www.facebook.com/event.php?eid=152532491433598 " 
Call-in Number : ( 646 ) 478-0660 The show is on right now call in and give a shout out !!!!! 
Call in now we on the air ...... Give a shout out !!!!!!!!!!! Call-in Number : ( 646 ) 478-0660 .......... We are looking for a new female cohost !!!! 
What should I talk about on tonights show ??? 
I didn't know forever could be so short ......... I love you Bro , sometimes I want to be selfish and have you here with us , but the creator needed you somewhere else . R.I.H. Lil < PROPFIRST > Coefield ! 87-10 
Black women you are being tricked into believing that you do not need the black man ...... 
No longer wasting my time . 
I am a real man , as real as they come , Women if a man is willing to give you his all , do not hisitate to do the same in return . I now know I deserve better !! 
THE BLACK WOMAN IS GOD , and she is so outt sync with herself . PLEASE WAKE UP BLACK WOMAN INTO WHO YOU TRULY ARE . GIVE BACK THE PEDASTOLL AND TAKE YOUR THROWN !!!!!! 
If you could have just one wish granted , what would it be ? 
I feel a financial breakthough comming , and the show is not over . 
I want to tell all you Facebook people that I will be on Indianapolis Fox59 News at 10 tonight dicussing my Discrimination case , so please tune in and show support !! 
I will be on the radio tommorow talking about my case . 
I am at home bored . 
I believe in you and me ! 
I see the sun at Midnight ........ 
THIS BE THE LIL SISTER HACKIN IN THE BIG BRO FB .......... LOVE YOU BRO BUT WE DONT LOVE THESE BITCHES HAHAHAHAHAHAHA MONEY ON MY MIND 
News Flash : Ladies juss cuz you used to dealing with dumb ass men thoughout your life does not mean all men are stupid . Some of us do use our brains to think and not juss our sex organ , I am one of them . Ladies please get a clue ! 
Back to the basics , If you find you not on my friendslist any more after today , do not request me again , I am getting all negative people out of my circle starting now , may juss delete my entire < PROPFEMALE > !!!! 
YOU SHOULD HAVE A TRAVEL AGENT CUZ YOU A TRIP !!! 
Bro please come visit me in my dreams tonight , I miss you like crazy man , R . I . H . \ 
I can not even think straight man , it still hurts that you was taken from the family . 
Please click the link below and sign this petition . 
I got a new tat last night and it is big !! 
If someone is always looking for the worst in you , just that they may have reason to leave or uses what you say against you for bad , or even takes the things you or saying to someone else that maybe negative , that person does not want to be around and it is best you let them go for your best interesrt !! 
PAIN , HURT , DECEPTION , CONFUSION , DISTRUST FOR THE WORLD !! 
Damn you chemtrails , and the weather changers , hopefully I will feel better . 
I look in your eyes and I can see We've loved so dangerously You're not trustin your heart to anyone You tell me you're gonna play it smart We're through before we start\ 
But I believe that we've only just begun When it's this good , there's no saying no\ 
I want you so , I'm ready to go Through the fire , to the limit , to the wall\ 
For a < PROPMALE > to be with you : CHAKA 
Them that's got shall get\ 
Them that's not shall lose\ 
So the Bible said and it still is news\ 
Mama may have , Papa may have\ 
But God bless the child that's got his own\ 
That's got his own\ 
: BILLIE 
Go to hell this is God Engineering , this is a hail < PROPFIRST > pass , ya'll interfering , he without sin shall cast the first stone , look in the mirror and double cheack ya'll appearance !! 
Girls , there’s something wrong with me , Every time I’m alone with you , You keep talkin’ ‘bout you lovin’ me . Hey , babe , your foreplay just blows my mind , So why don’t we stop all the talkin’ , girl , Why don’t we stop wastin’ time , I’ve had my share of lovers , Some say I’m damn good , And if you think you can turn me out . Baby , I wish that you would !! 
It happened so suddenly I woke up one morning with you on my mind No matter what I did Couldn't stop thinking about you Wanted instant replay of yesterday \ 
I'm under your spell I don't want to break free You can make a slave out of me I worship you and nobody else I pledge my love to you forever : Labelle 
Interesting night , well just chilling for now , I just have to say I love my life . 
LIKE THIS : Good Morning FB , my challenge for everyone is take time to think for yourself about anything just for 5 < PROPFEMALE > . without the help of the media , family , friends , or religion dictating to you what you should think or what decisions to make . 
Well off to work on this case , then it is off to school , wonder what fun I will into today ......... To be continued . lol 
I am up and ready to start my day , Time to work on this case , then off to class , I am one of the most busy people I know , but I chose this life and I love it . 
I will be on Fox59 News tonight with my stroy , tune in , it airs at 10 pm !!! 
Watch Fo59 tonight @ 10 ...... I will be on there with my story !!! 
I exposed bad Lawyers , watch the story covered by Fox59 ....... it is on my profile !!! 
Our last drink together was < PROPFEMALE > , and you passed out on my couch lol , as it is the dawning of your birth , my dear brother may you always be remembered by those who love you most , my apologies to those who have felt the wrath of the darker side of my being , may you all please forgive me !! Love you always < PROPFIRST > 3rd L.I H . 
She was raised in Illinois , right outside of Chicago , SOme of the best cooking you ever had , but when that womans fed up ......... R . Kelly !! 
Today was the last day I spent with my brother when he was alive . I'm thankful that he choose me to be his only brother in this life , yet I am extremely saddened by today :( 
This is the < PROPFEMALE > of a new day and I will be seated at the right hand of the father . 
Glad to be back in class , ready to get this over with for the day !! 
I have completed all of my seasons shopping !! 
I do not do well with fake !! 
Masturbate : To munipulate the genitals into sexaul arousal until one achieves orgasm !! Well that was the word of the day brought to FB by me , defined by me and inspired by a question !! What is your word ? 
I can love you with my hands tied , Stop asking if I know what real love feels like !!! 
I past my class , I am so happy this part is over , it was such a task filled course fill , with many challenges , Well it is on to the next one , but I think I will break until the 4th !!!! Giving a shout out to well Me hahhahaha , Knowledge is power is such bs , Applied knowledge is power <3 
ANSWER THIS FB : Is it possible to be friends with an ex after 4 years of relationship , and starting a new one with a new person ? Thanks all for the reponse !! 
Well my break is over it is back to school and I am ready !! 
I am about to go to the < PROPFIRST > back after a while Nap !!! Hahahaha Tanzania Sims DO not be upset bay !! 
Who is better than me no one ?! 
I am at the school with no classes today .......... I need to get outta here !! 
If someone tells you who they are from the beggining listen FB please believe them because when emtotions get involved it can be hard to let go of something you know is so wrong . ( Gotta keep movin ' no time for second thoughts) !! 
If I was not growing from this and becomming more of a man than I am now I would not be in this situation , and I would move forward with life but I do feel growth happening !! 
No he does not respect you when you showing ya ass on fb , you say you juss dancing but you got your ass all out , beauty does not mean showing off your goods , leaves no mystery for him , he can bascially dry fuck you on the dance floor , always remember players only love you when they playing , but overall you playing your self ! 
Does a real man talk about their feelings and emotions ? 
What does a good man do for his woman FB ? 
What do most men want from a woman FB ? 
What would you do for a million dollars FB ? 
All day long I will be sharing some of my most favorite musical hits brought to Facebook via : My Youtube Channel !!!!! 
Laughing at < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , you are silly man ,.......... You know I got ya back hommie , stop crying jk , hit me up when the game is over and we can meet up and smoke !! 
I hope these birthday greetings keep comming thoughout the day because they bring me good happiness it is such a joy to reach 21 because so many have not made it , Tanzania Sims you have been an amazing force in my life and I thank the creator for your existence each day , and Bro I know you look down on me and I hope I make you proud R.I.H < PROPFIRST > E . Coefield !!!! 
