Happy New Year Everyone ! I'm headed to first night Monterey to celebrate Seans Birthday . I can't believe he's turning 30 yrs old today ! 

CHECK OUT MY LINKED YAHOO MAIL BELOW . I WISH I KNEW HOW TO CHANGE THE NAME . I'T MY THOGHT FOR THE DAY . 
check this out . 
I think I overloaded on Farmville . My computer keeps freezing up when ever I try to play . 
OFF TO < PROPFEMALE > ISLAND TODAY . BE BACK SUNDAY . 
Vacations are never long enough . I had too much fun ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Godoy Egbert Let's see how forthcoming my facebook friends are . Leave a one-word comment that you think best describes me using the THIRD letter of YOUR name . It can only be one word -- No more than one word -- Then copy and paste this post on your wall so I can leave a word about you . This could be Fun ! lets see first name or last n ...... ame , oh well lets go with Issy \ S \ " and you are SEXY \ " NICE \"" 
The entry table . 
Class in Monterey today with one of my bff < PROPFEMALE > . Makes it worth wild . 
Oops , left my camera in Las Vegas at the Aria . Returned today without charge . What a great place ! Pictures to follow . 
What a gorgeous day to be off work . Suns coming up . First cup of < PROPFIRST > in hand . I think I'll go for a walk on the beach to start the day . 
< PROPFIRST > Hill Mushroom Mardi Gras is this weekend . Sounds Yummy ! Hmmm ? 
Thank you to the nurses that came before me . Love you to the nurses I know now . Today I Pray for the nurses of our future who will care for me when I'm old and grey . HAPPY NURSES WEEK ! 
I'm Leaving for Washington DC . Convention , rally , march on capitol , ect .. While I'm there I'm going to count how many times I see the words IN GOD WE TRUST etched in stone at our nations capitol . Anyone want to guess # ? 
Out in < PROPFEMALE > picking country today . The trees are bursting with red dots . I love this time of year . 
The lake is full and the boats ready for summer . Let the fun begin ! 
Beautiful morning out here on the central coast . I think I'll take a time out to enjoy it . 
Off work today . Hooray , I get 1/2 a weekend to enjoy ! 
Feeling fat and forty .... ish today . Have to shop for a dress . Excited about the wedding just not the shopping part . :( 
Its a sad night for me . My Hero has retired after 35 years . She always beat to her own drum . < PROPFEMALE > will be missed by all . Enjoy 
Going to be up in the SantaCruz mountains for the day . 
Swimsuit , check . Lake hat , check . Boat bag ..... Everyone have a nice Memorial Weekend and don't forget the sunscreen ! 
O.k. I'm going to stop procrastinating . Study study study test is in the morning . Thought I was done with school 18 yrs ago . lol 
Feet in the sand champagne in hand . Leaving for a wedding in Newport Beach . How romantic . Can't wait to get there and see my family ! 
Came home from the wedding in Newport Beach to find my computer had crashed while I was gone . Back up and all cleaned out now . 
Grand kids are great ! They give you an excuse to watch cartoons again . Toy story #3 
Lunch at Omakase with a few friends . Best sushi chef around . No sake for me today to early in the day . 
OK so today is my birthday and 29 doesn't feel so bad after all . But next year , the big 3-0 now that will be a killer . I know it's a big stretch . If only I didn't have those pesky grandkids to give me away . lol 
Thanks to everyone for the Birthday well wishings . The day was wounderful . 
So ready for this streach of time off work . Need the R&R ! Time to unwined the mind . 
I feel like # ? * ! And words I cant say ... 
What to do with all this Zucchini ? Add some flour . a pinch of this and a handful of that . WALAA ... Who wants some zucchini bread ? 
Packing for a trip to celebrate my youngest birthday . Can't believe he's going to be 28 yrs old ! Where has the time gone ? 
Going to the Fair today with my youngest and the three lil angels . :) 
My brother and niece are comming up to visit this weekend for a soccer tournament in < PROPFIRST > Hill . Can't wait to see them ! I see lots of sunshine and BBQ in my near future and maybe a glass of wine or two . 
Had a nice weekend at the soccer tournament . < PROPFEMALE>'s on a national travel league and is off to < PROPMALE > in 2 weeks . She played well and scored a goal . They lost 2-3 in the last game against last years national champs . 
Mental note to self ... Life is to short to spend your time off working . 
I'm headed to the State Capitol today to celebrate the 90th anniversary of the 19th amendment .. Womans right to vote . I'ts going to be a great day ! 
I had a wonderful time in Sacramento yesterday . Got my mind off all the mud inside of it . Just what I needed ! 
I HATE going to the dentist ! Can think of a million other things I'd rather do on my day off . uhg ! 
Looking forward to seeing family back home next weekend . Time to relax and unwind . 
Grilled steaks , corn on the cob , ratatoulle , garlic bread and < PROPFEMALE > pie is on the menue today at < PROPFIRST>'s house . 
Bread and Roses\ 
As we go marching marching in the beauty of the day\ 
A million darkened kitchens , a thousand mill lots gray\ 
Are touched with all the radiance that a sudden sun discloses\ 
For the people hear us singing : bread & roses , bread & roses ! 
Perfect day and weather yesterday at the < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Beach Boardwalk . My oldest granddaughter is now riding the \Big Kid Rides . \"" 
Having a nice time in Oklahoma . The people are friendly , the food is great and the weather has been better than I expected . 
Just printed my boarding pass to head home . 1 day left of vacation then back to work . 
Had a great time back home on vacation . Morning coffee with my sis , martinis at the boulevard , hanging out with my nephew and reconnecting with an old friend . Time flew by too fast . 
Indian summer out here on the coast . 99 degrees and another hot one today ! 
Hmm ... What to be for Halloween this year ? 
Crap ! My day planner is NOT managing my life very well for October . A munchkin must have jumped in my purse an changed all the dates around . That's my story and I'm sticking to it ! 
TGIF and I'm off work for the weekend . R&R is a wounderful feeling to recharge the batteries . 
The Giants beat Philly last night . Way to go ! Today the 49ers are way pass due for a win so they better kick some Raider Butt ! 
Way to Go GIANTS ! 
Ok Giants one more great game today and the World Series here we come ! 
The days R getting shorter and cooler . Its a gray day and it's thinking about crying outside . Hopefully just a little sniffle of mist and not a down right tantrum with a sloppy down pour . Like to see the Giants play in halfway decent weather today ! 
Going to see Nickleback tonight with the girls . Rock on ! 
Nickleback put on a great show last night . Glad to be back home in this awesome central coast weather . Now its time to watch the Giants kick some Rangers butt . Yeah Baby ! 
Muuaahh ha ha ha haaaaa ! Have a great Halloween everyone . My zombie bride costume will have to wait till next year . I woke up sick this morning . Boo hoo hoo :( 
Go Giants ! 
OK .. Trying to think of positive things about being sick\ 
chicken noodle soup ! \ 
sleeping in ! \ 
being babied by the hubby .... 
Could be the last game of the World Series tonight ! Either way its been exciting to watch these two awesome teams play each other . OK so Giants go kick some Ranger Butt ! 
Beautiful day for the Giants parade today ! 1/2 a million people expected to welcome our team home . 
Today I am thankful for my friends and family . They are unwaivering in their support and confedence in me when I need it the most . 
I'm going to brave the crowds for a few hours this morning . Ashlys is having a beat the clock sale and I am going to people watch at the mall . 
Pink , blue and purple . What a beautiful sunset out here in the west . 
Sometimes cold , sometimes HOT BEER ! 
Work , work , work is calling me . Where is my hot peppermint mocha when I want one ? Starbucks here I come . 
I feel like I've been run over by a < PROPMALE > truck this morning ! :-( And round 2 here I go back to work . 
Another beautiful sunrise out here in the west . 
O . K ... So I'm taking a break from preparing for the hearing . I'm listening to my Christmas with < PROPMALE > C.D. while baking Pumpkin cranberry bread . My house smells < PROPFEMALE > .. good ! 
Took the munchkins to Candycane < PROPFIRST > , decorated sugar cookies and visited the christmas tree farm this weekend . Now I could really use some rest ! Fa la la la la .. 
A batch of < PROPMALE > Road , Neiman < PROPMALE > squares and gift wrapping is on my list to do today . I've got the old post office line calling my name ! 
Time for my \GO GO juice\ " ! Been realy needing a good boost . " 
Unto the world a child was born . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas morning to everyone ! Have a very special day 
Time to take down the Christmas decorations and get ready for New Years guests and celebrations . My oldest son is turning 30 on New Years < PROPFEMALE > ! That makes me HOW OLD !???... 
Another beautiful morning out here on the central coast . Gotta take advantage of it while it lasts . 
My mother and her friend < PROPFEMALE > are visiting from Oklahoma City and I already started in with the twang and the \yalls\ " lol :-) " 
Getting ready for a trip to Kirkwood . Ready Set Snow ! 
Up the mountain for some fun in the snow this weekend with the family and friends . 
If yellow roses grow in heaven , Lord , pick a bunch for me , place them in my dad's arms and tell him they're from me . Tell him that I love and miss him and when he turns to smile , place a kiss upon his cheek and hold him for awhile , because remembering him is easy , I do it everyday , but there is an ache within my heart that will never go away . I love and miss you Dad .... if your dad is in heaven copy and repost this . 
Has anyone seen my voice ? I've lost it and I really miss it :-( although I'm sure the hubby doesn't mind too much that I've misplaced it for a while . ;-) 
A sister is a friend forever . If you have a sister who has made you\ 
laugh , wiped your tears , saw you stumble , cheered you on and kept you strong ; post this . Put this as your status if you have at least one amazing sister 
My husband is the best 
Keep this central coast weather comming !!!!!!!! 
Your son will hold your hand for a little while but will hold your heart for a lifetime . If you have a son or sons who make your life worth living just by being around and if you're proud of him ( them ) , copy this to your status 
????? ??????????????? \ 
? If you have an amazing Mom , put this as your status ? \ 
??????????????? ????? I love you Mom 
Three weeks of gorgouse weather and wouldn't you know it , right when my sister is comming to visit on Monday its supose to start raining ! :-( 
Dear F.B. friends of faith . Please place me on your prayer list for the next week . I need to be well spoken and quick recall of difficult events . I pray the judge will see through the false witnesses . 
Remember all through grade school saying this every morning to start the day ... I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States Of < PROPFEMALE > , and to the Republic for which it stands , one nation under God , indivisible , with < PROPFEMALE > and Justice for all !!! We no longer do that for fear of offending someone !!! Let's see how many < PROPFEMALE > ns will re-post this & NOT Care if it offends anyone . 
F . R . I . E . N . D . S : ( F)ight for you . ( R)espect you . ( I)nvolve you . ( E)ncourage you . \ 
( N)eed you . ( D)eserve you . ( S)ave you . Repost this if you have FRIENDS like this 
Ham beans and cornbread on the menue tonight at Renes house . 
Please copy and paste to your status if you know someone or have been affected by someone who needs a foot up their ass . People who need a foot up their ass affect the lives of many . There is still no cure for someone who needs a foot up their ass , except a foot up their ass . Please help raise awareness as 93% of people won't re-post this . Why ? Because they need a foot up their ass too . Thank you for your support . 
So , Sitting here waiting for the heater guy to show up . Suppose to snow to sea level this weekend and my heater went cu-put ! IDK , never snowed to the ocean sense I've been here 25 + yrs . Might have to get cozy infront of the fireplace and hope the pipes don't freeze ! :-( 
OK so 5 yr old birthday party my house in less than a month . Scooby Doo theme humm ... What to do ? I need help ! The girls were easy my Grandson not so .. 
My wireless connection doesn't like this storm . 
I sure love my Magic Bullet ! YumYum ... 
Well gotta go for the day . Have a baby shower to attend for my dear and crazy friend Danell . Crazy cause shes having her 5th GIRL ! 
< PROPFIRST > Sheen 47 , is all over the news because he's a spoiled celebrity drug addict loser . While < PROPFIRST > Wilfahrt 31 , < PROPFIRST > Tabada 21 , < PROPMALE > Hizon 22 , Chauncy Mays 25 are all soldiers who gave their lives this week with no media mention . Honor THEM by re-posting this status 
I have some new pets . A mating pair of Clarky clownfish with a < PROPFEMALE > colored bubble tip Anemone . Now they need some names .... 
Going to be out of town for a few days for a nursing convention . 
Harm to one is harm to all 
Hurry someone remind me why I like gardening . I'm feeling like I need to find a new hobbie after digging out my second thorn of the day ! and yes I was wearing gloves . 
Loved American Idol takes on Motown tonight . 
Off to San Franisco in the poaring rain ! :-( 
Ok enough of the rain already . I know a 5 year old who has to train his dragon today with help from 19 of his friends at Grandma/Grandpas house ! What a fun age for the Birthday boy . This is one of those days I wish I picked a bigger house ! 
Spent the day with my Grandson . Hes so sweet he wanted to bring home a suprise for his sisters . 
