I don't know why I have a facebook . I never get on . 

Finally finished moving !!!! god i absolutly love raleigh .... you know your backwoods < PROPFEMALE > when civilization feels like luxury ahahahah 
so i totally spelled the wrong your . it should be you're lol 
so ... its raining outside ...... again 
just chillin ' on my last day off . its back to work tommorrow 
just awake and its 4am ... ugh 
Aaawww , thanx everyone for the birthday wishes . I had a super day ! I think that my twenties are going by wwwaaayyy too fast though , lol . 
R . I . P < PROPFIRST > Swayze-you'll be missed ! 
Finally feeling like I'm once again amongst the living 
i love having days off 
heading over to amykins !!! 
where's your will to be weird ? - < PROPMALE > Morrison 
I had my first math class today .... tomorrow creative writing ! 
so i guess the thing nowadays is to post lyrics for your facebook updates ....... here's to conformity ...... wait i don't know what song i want to post 
definitely looking forward to having a day off soon 
japanese food and studying ... perfect combination 
omg ... it's like the crazies have all come out of hiding and somehow managed to find me hahahaha 
Finally ! My day off ... sigh 
so ..... it's supposed to be 60 degrees today and it was about 30 two days ago ..... why torture us 
The only way to get rid of a temptation is to yield to it-oscar wilde very sound words to live by hahaha 
Finally ! home from work-defenitly ready for dinner and movie night 
god it's so pretty outside 
Everyone . Needs . To . See . The Book of < PROPMALE > !!! < PROPMALE > Waits was in it . 
It's by baby brother's 21st birthday ... kinda weird-i wonder how my mom feels about it hahahaha 
OMG my house is freezing ! the heat broke and i don't know how to fix it-guess i'm not staying in my own house tonight 
scratch that freezing thought-my landlord just had it fixed-thank god for < PROPFIRST > 
heading to tarboro tonight 
just working .... only one client today which i'm not too sad to see-kind of a nice break 
wow ..... leo is so spoiled 
* sigh * i love days off ! 
I don't remember being absent minded ........ O_o 
you know , for once i actually do hope that it snows-be nice to have an actual saturday off 
IT'S SNOWING !!!!!!! 
wow < PROPFIRST > is really taking to the snow 
wow ... i have both sunday and saturday off because of the weather .... i have no idea what to do with myself-an actual normal weekend ! 
* sigh * ... yes another day off work-watching the boondock saints ... definitly one of the best movies ever 
you know how i know that there's a god ..... because Five Guys exists-and Five Guys can save me from any hangover .... no matter how hard it was to drag my ass out of bed hahahahahaha yet another successful karoake night kiddies 
* sigh * definitely looking forward to sleeping in 
ok guys , let me start off by saying how much i really love each and every one of you and if you ever need in anything-i'm there . however , that being said , i have a new rule-saturdays and sundays are the only two days i get to sleep in at all and i would greatly appreciate it if all phone calls to me would be made at 10am or later . thanx ^_^ 
well-i guess the football craze is over until next season now ... congrats to the saints 
god i swear < PROPFIRST > elwes starring intensley at buttercup and just saying \as you wish\ " is never going to get old " 
I think I'm definitely ready for another night out 
so my mom went out of town this weekend and my brother is using her place for a house party , which i'm fixing to go to .......... this should be interesting 
HAPPY VALENTINE'S DAY !!! 
so .... the agenda for today ...... SHOPPING !!!! 
I'll knock you in the head and tell God you died !........ southern threats hahahahahaha 
ugh ... it's 3am and i'm awake for some strange reason 
about to make homemade lasagna ... yummy ! 
rainy and kinda humid ..... thank god spring is almost here 
just got home from seeing shutter island-it was ok . defintely a rent 
What is it about a nap , hot bath , and a grilled cheese sandwich that is so perfect on rainy cold day ? 
helping finish up cleaning out my granny's house today-i got her cookbooks , hymnal that she's had since childhood , my grandaddy's bible , and their WWII letters ...... wow 
1 week until I go see < PROPFIRST > Clapton !!!!!!! 
super excited about < PROPFEMALE > in wonderland tomorrow ! 
ya know ..... the week started out really stressful-now it's turning out to be one of the best weeks i've ever had ! 
just hanging out with my < PROPFIRST > 
today was the official first day of the year when it was warm enough to ride in the car with the windows down-spring is here !!!!! 
sweet tea ...... the nectar of the gods 
< PROPFEMALE > to me \god ' lana .... it's your money-go crazy \"" 
you know ... i've been thinking ..... billy corgan is like a creepy < PROPMALE > from the big bang theory 
did ya'll know that the male barnacle's penis is the largest one in nature when you consider it's proportion to it's body ..... must be nice to be the female barnacle 
I don't think that there is any other puppy in the world as sweet as my < PROPFIRST > ! 
having one of those weeks ...... just ugh 
I'm cleverly disguised as a repsonsible adult hahaha 
saw repo men last nite ..... AMAZING AND TWISTED 
I think ...... that I need to go fishing . 
TEIAM ..... problem solved 
IT'S SATURDAY !!!!! 
watching titanic on t . v . -god i can't believe that i was 10 when this movie came out 
I just bought Conan 1 and 2 as well as Red Sonja-god you can't beat cheesy 80's fantasy ! 
I need to stop napping during the day cause all i wanna do now is stay up all nite ...... 
HAPPY ZOMBIE JESUS DAY EVERYONE !!!! 
So ..... has anyone else on here ever been so tired that they couldn't sleep O_o 
I have a new baby now ! Her name is < PROPFEMALE > and she's a red Doberman Pinscher-Leo is in love of course ahaha 
Happy 4/20 ! 
god ... if you just open one pack of gum all of a sudden ppl are your best friend 
Just booked my room in N'Awlins!!!! hahahahahaha that's New Orleans for all you non-southern speakers-god i'm so excited ! 
< PROPFIRST > starts training on Monday !!!..... thank whatever entity that's floating around out there 
POLLEN IS THE ENEMY !!!! 
<3 
wow .... I'm just sitting at the kitchen table and my mom starts saying , \I've got a hollow leg ! I've got a hollow leg ! \"- I have no idea what she's talking about and she thought I wouldn't hear her ...... WTF " 
I wouldn't be caught dead with a necrophiliac 
Just got a fresh batch of strawberries from Vollmer Farms ! Ready to make strawberry preserves and a beef pot roast with gravy tomorrow .... yummy 
so i decided to make jam instead of preserves ..... it came out perfect 
God I love thunderstorms ... nothing on this earth that's more relaxing 
omg it's 3am and i can't sleep .... ugh restless night 
Only 200 more pages to go with East of < PROPFEMALE > . I hope I finish it this weekend ... hahahaha I don't sound pretentious at all hahaha 
I would really like to thank whoever the f-ing genius was that decided to make < PROPMALE > Ave . a 55 right when you're coming off 40-which is 65 by the way-and then put the speed limit so far down the road that you don't know it until you're near town ....... and that's when the blue lights flash -_- 
Tis the season to start finding ladybugs in the most surprising of places 
I'm seriously ready for Splice to come out ...... 
Just bought the new Black Keys album ..... AMAZING !!! 
Gloating about the awesomness of my bday gifting capabilities hahahaha 
The kisses of the sun were sweet I didn't blink . I let it in my eyes like an exotic drink . The radio playing songs I never heard . Not another word just la la la la la la it goes around the world just la la la la la ! 
I HATE the ref . that did that stupid foul call on usa when we played slovenia today ....... ggrr now hopefully we'll beat algeria and england won't make 2 goals in the next game so that we can advance ... we'll see if miracles happen 
Now living in the location that Deliverance was filmed .... well sort of , it's not the mountains , but trust me , if you go into the Henderson Walmart , you'll see what I mean 
I dreamed last night that I was at work doing a bunch of deep tissue bodywork and then I woke up tired ....... its time for a vacation 
Poor Leo ... he has an ear infection and instead of going to lie down , he just keeps laying his head in my lap and nuzzling my arm to pet him :'( He's a poor baby 
I'm as cool as a cucumber in a bowl of vinegar hot sauce 
I love how when I try to go pee first thing in the morning , my damn dogs race me to the bathroom so they can drink from the magic fresh water bowl ....... just saying 
Painting and re-doing my ENTIRE bedroom today .... I think it's a perfect start to 24 tomorrow 
WoooHoo !!! Hellz yeah I'm 24 !!!! I don't know why , but this really feels like it's gonna be my best year yet ...... so who knows what'll happen ;} 
So I know generally that ppl consider their New Year to begin on Jan . 1 , but I've always started my New Year on my B-day . I like to reflect on where I've been and to where I'm headed . I think I'm just thankful for all the lessons that I learned , that I made it through some tumultuous transitions , and that I have an abundance of friends and family that I love dearly . Thanks for all the B-day wishes and Happy New Year ! 
Just got back from Manteo and Nags Head beach ...... I love the < PROPFEMALE > coast when it gets near to fall 
I love my cuddlebugs Leonidas and Sasha ..... nothing beats a creature that worships you at every step hahaha 
You know what , even though there are some things that I would like to be different right now , at the end of the day when I'm drinking a perfectly chilled Sweet Water Blue , I really am pleased with where I am at and where I'm headed . Life is good .... salute ! 
Finally got my hands on season 3 of the Big Bang Theory .... Leonard you know you're my soulmate lol *_* 
Going to the Tea Room with my Amykins ! 
Why don't shrimp give to charity ..... cause they're shellfish ! hahahaha ... omg I haven't slept for days ....... 
wow .... you know its amazing what you find when you clean your room . I had no idea I owned so many notebooks and calculators ..... i just bought a brand new calculator too 
my poor little girl has to go to the vet today 
Laissez < PROPMALE > bons temps rouler !!!! ( let the good times roll ) I'm off to New Orleans !!!! 
so yesterday was filled with tarot card readers , good food , artists , voodoo shops , a very confused shop keeper who thought that me and < PROPFEMALE > are in relationship , and hrs upon hrs on bourbon st. -i want to live here 
Cemeteries today !!!!!! 
1:30 am and restless 
feeling pretty good right now ........ 
I have made plans for today ..... I plan on doing absolutely nothing since its my day off * sigh * nice to have quiet day sometimes 
Nights ... 
ugh 2:30 am , wide awake , and nothing to do ....... welcome to small f**king town < PROPFEMALE > 
watching superbad and chillin ' after work ........ this movie never gets old 
pining away for new orleans still .... can't wait till december when i get to go back !!!! 
seriously crashin ' ..... night 
BEACH DAY !!!!!!!!!!! 
I love finding weird little stores filled with weird little things ..... 
there's a fly buzzing around in my room and both me and the dogs are trying to kill it ....... leonidas just crashed into my bookshelf trying to eat it ....... ugh 
< PROPFIRST > caught the fly and ate it finally ...... eeww 
stressful day ...... very , very stressful day ....... 
watching frailty ....... god this movie never ever gets old ... plus i need to see some blood spouting out from freshly mutilated bodies after this weekend lol 
I love it when creepy guys go to shake your hand and then kiss it .......... ugh 
Scarface dvd and beer .... YES !!!!!! 
Thanksgiving !!!! 
watching < PROPFEMALE > girls .... < PROPFEMALE > shaking hands with the psychiatrist , \ I know its not pertinent now .... but i'm double jointed . \ " hahahahahaha amazing ! " 
i need serenity . 
off to class ...... 
off to new orleans i go ..... amazing the curve balls life throws at you from time to time ...... def . keeps you on your toes lol 
Christmas tree shopping !!!!!!!!!! 
mama talking about calling the dogs in to daniel-\daniel 
t-minus 30 days till i leave for st. john's!!!!! 
i love how my dog snores like an eighty year old man lol 
i NEED warmth in my life right now .... ugh !!!!!! >.< 
I wouldn't be caught dead with a necrophiliac ..... just sayin ' 
not sure where i want to spend my time off .... either back to new orleans or charleston hhhhmmmm ....... i'm thinking charleston 
3am and wide awake ...... seriously ? 
good night facebook ! christmas shopping early in the am ! wish me luck ....... omg lol 
Happy Winter Solctice !!!! everyone watch the lunar eclipse-its the first time in hundreds of years that these two events have fallen on the same night !!!!! 
posted up in the house studying my greek textbook all over again ...... 3 more wks and i'm outta here !!!!! 
i stare at you with pathological intensity muahahahahahaha ! 
In memory , everything happens to music-tennessee < PROPMALE > 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS !!!!!!!! 
watching < PROPFEMALE > Hall and eating chinese .... this movie NEVER gets old 
just finished Exquisite Corpse by Poppy Z . Brite ..... if any of you want something insanely awesome and twisted , def pick this up !!!! 
SNOW DAY !!!!!!!!! 
is it too early to bust out the alcohol and put it in the hot chocolate ? 
as my two crazy dogs try to play tear each other's faces off ..... i think should've considered two cats instead ...... 
exactly 2 wks until i drive out to sante < PROPFEMALE > , new mexico for St. John's!!!!!!!!!!! 
valerian tea .... thank god 
if you are patient in one moment of anger , you will avoid one hundred days of sorrow . -chinese proverb 
got some wine to go with this studying now ..... much smoother sailing hahaha 
it IS as bad as you think .... and they ARE out to get you ..... just sayin ' 
lunch with my amykins ... then study , study , study !!!! 11 more days till i move to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > !! 
sarcasm , i now see to be in general , the language of the devil .... muwaahahahaha 
It seems like only stupid people are breeding sometimes ..... just sayin ' 
today's my last day at work before i leave for new mexico O.o its so surreal i'm leaving next saturday !!!!! 
mmm .... making pound cake with < PROPFEMALE > custard topping !!! we'll see how it goes 
other things may change us , but we start and end with family . 
taking stuff off to ship to new mexico today !!!! seriously excited to be getting out of nc as soon as possible 
has anyone else ever thought about the fact that if you minus the year , today's month and day of the week could potenially be the day that you die on in the future . example-you could die on a tuesday in january ... you just don't know what year you'll die in ..... and everyday until that dismal end has the same potential 
Going to wilmington !!! only 2 more days till i'm out of nc !!!! 
shopping day !!!!! 
PEACE OUT NC !!!!!!! early flight tomorrow ..... much love to everyone . i'll see ya'll for weddings , holidays , and funerals .... other than that i'm gone ^_^ 
FINALLY got into my dormroom .... very comfy lol 
aahh .... beautiful sunrise in new mexico . i'm 2 hours behind you guys , so that's why i'm just now talking about it 
how is it that i'm a master at holding something in my hand , then losing it within the next 5 seconds !!! ugh >.< 
yeah .... coming back to St. John's is definitely the best decision i've ever made 
another day in the life hahaha 
dorm decorating goodies finally got here !!!! i promise pics to follow shortly .... 
omg .... its the headache from hell 
If I look like a voodoo doll , that's what I am ! hahaha gotta love < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > 
This is the first wkend i've had in a couple of yrs that's actually a wkend for me and i don't have to go to work lol it feels sssooo strange 
ITS FINALLY THE WEEKEND !!!! believe me ..... every shot that i plan on consuming tonight i have whole heartedly earned 
totally bumming around today ..... god its nice 
god .... late at night like this i really really miss my heathens ... aka leonidas and < PROPFEMALE > 
chillin ' listening to gregorian chants and working on my greek translations while its snowing outside and drinking coffee ^_^ I love St. John's 
omg .... i need more sleep ...... 
ok no more pepsi for dinner .... being awake now and having to get up at 5am is beyond ridiculous 
aauuggghh !!! I have no idea how to write a math paper ! >.< 
ok ... i surrender ... i'm going to the math tutor with my notes for help with this math paper .... omg and its due friday !! 
FINALLY got my vintage opium label display !!!!! 
thank god for understanding professors !! i got an extention on that disaster of a math paper ... guess i know how my wkend is gonna be spent lol 
in order to truly understand virtue , we must first acquaint ourselve with vice . -Geoffery Rush from the movie Quills .... oh tonight i so whole heartedly agree .... thank god its friday finally ! 
FINALLY FINISHED THAT BEAST OF A MATH PAPER !!!!!!! now to work on greek ..... lol 5 more wks till spring break 
disaster averted for the wk thank god ..... 
omg tonight it is -5 degrees in < PROPFEMALE > fe ..... how . is . this . possible ?!?!?! 
I am discovering the arete ( virtue in attic greek ) of Euclid lol .... I WILL master this math class !!!! 
I love how there is a gas shortage in New Mexico and everyone is freezing .... god when will winter be OVER !!!!! 
SYMPOSIUM PARTY THIS WEEKEND !!!! seriously ready for it ... and its only monday lol 
Writing the resume for my New Orleans internship ..... seriously hope i get it !! 
Life is looking amazing !!! I seriously think that being in New Orleans for the summer is actually gonna happen !!!!! 
Well I've been faithful and I've been so good . Except for drinking , but He new that I would . I'm gonna leave this place better than the way I found it was and Jesus gonna be here . He gonna be here soon .... gotta love < PROPMALE > Waits 
Three day wkend !!!!! going into < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow ..... i'm seriously ready to get off campus for a bit ^_^ 
En oino aletheia !!!!!! ( greek for in wine there is truth ) campus wide party !!!!!!!!! let the festivies begin ...... ;} 
congratulations to the people of egypt !!!! 
gah ... busy , busy day ..... finished my science paper , fixing to work on math , then reading for seminar tonight , and then after all of that I have about 5 charts of greek verb declensions to study for tomorrow's quiz ...... 4 weeks till spring break-just sayin ' 
NAP TIME !!!! 
I am seriously ready to take a wrench to this last wisdom tooth cutting through ..... ugh >.< 
I GOT AN INTERNSHIP FOR THE SUMMER IN NEW ORLEANS !!!!!!! 
Finally finished setting up the new printer and computer ... now to finish applying for my summer stipend . I still can't believe I'm going to be working in New Orleans all summer in my internship !!!!! 
about to turn in my application materials for the summer scholarship ! 
I'm seriously ready for spring break to get here !!! 2 1/2 more wks !!!! 
homework .... mass amount of homework . ready for spring break !! 
missing massage right now ..... i need a body to work on lol 
ok .... I know this movie has been discovered my legions of others ..... but I just watched < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > for the first time and it is now officially my favorite comedy ever 
fixing to go watch The Tempest in the great hall ..... I love plays 
god .... how much can it snow at one place ? you'd think it was december here with all the snow coming down 
just figured out which poem i'm going to recite for my language class ... Jabberwocky by < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > ! if you've never read it , you've missed out . 
Worst . Day . Ever . i'm seriously glad that there won't be any classes tomorrow ... ugh >.< 
Fixing to watch Matilda .... god that was such a good movie when I was a kid 
much , much better day ..... amazing what sleep can do 
so i got rid of the rant cause i feel like i made my point and i'm satisfied now ..... everyone ignore the part where i said i don't care about anyone anymore ..... i was just a lil perturbed at the moment lol love ya'll <3 
You and I wake up in a psychiatric < PROPMALE > together . Using 4 words , what would you say to me ? Note : If you comment , you must copy and paste this to your status , so I may comment on yours as well . Be a good sport and play along ..... 4 words is harder than you think !! 
not only is it exactly one wk till spring break , but its one week away till I find out if I won the summer scholarship ...... god I hope this week goes by fast lol 
off to bed .... make up chemistry lab in the morning .... then working on the chemistry paper for the rest of the wkend .... handling acids = good times 
My heart goes out to the family of < PROPFEMALE > Edwards . I'm sure there are no words that can describe the loss they must feel . 
snowing in < PROPFEMALE > fe ..... shocker lol 
I am determined to make ancient greek my bitch 
IT IS OFFICIALLY SPRING BREAK !!!!!!! I'll be seeing everyone in NC soon . 
just cooked my first home meal in two months ..... omg its amazing 
Heading to the Tea Room with my Amykins ! 
watching sixteen candles and chilling with pizza and a beer .... chill spring break = amazingness 
i love getting into the shower , only to look up and there be this huge spider glaring at me for intruding into its new home .... ugh ..... i feel so violated lol 
checkin ' outta here .... see ya'll monday ..... 
just skipped all through the grave yard of the Episcopal church in Tarboro ..... for some reason that never gets old . sssoooo many historic graves there . 
one last trip to the tea room before i head back to new mexico .... * sigh * i'm really ready for summer break lol 
cookin ' breakfast ..... then SHOPPING !!! 
This is it NC !!! I'll see ya'll in a couple of weeks 
nap time 
heading back to NC for the rest of the week ...... my grandmother isn't doing too well :( 
update for those who know my grandmother : she's resting a lot today . but she hasn't talked . however , she seems to be comfortable , which is the most important thing . i <3 you granny ! 
cooking and blues music ..... pretty good considering everything else that's going on in the world lol 
for those who know my grandmother : this morning , at 7:30 am , my grandmother passed peacefully in her sleep . I believe it was all on her terms and that she was ready and painfree . that's all any of us can ask for our loved ones and ourselves . I <3 you Granny !!! 
wake tonight , then funeral tomorrow ..... scampering back down to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > wednesday ....... whirlwinds >.< 
Beautiful wake for my grandmother .... flowers were gorgeous and she's gonna be buried in her dancing shoes .... i <3 you Granny !!! 
about to leave to go to my uncle's house so that the family can arrive at the funeral together ..... I <3 Granny ! 
back to my regular schedule .... and miracles of miracles its raining in < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > EXCITING ! lol 
why the hell is it sssooo f*cking cold !?!?!?!?!?!?!?! 
about to watch chucky : child's play . i've never seen the first movie so this is exciting 
all my ppl in nc stay safe !! 
paper writing .... good times 
NAP TIME !!! 
aaahhh !!!! i've lost my phone .... johnnies if you see a pink phone with a keyboard flip floating around campus , its probably mine 
nevermind .... the phone has been found 
Know \ 
the true nature of you Beloved . \ 
In His loving eye your every thought , \ 
Word and movement is always-\ 
Always Beautiful\ 
-Hafiz 
doing two day worth of greek homework 9 hours before class ..... procrastination at its best 
god what i wouldn't give for some cheez its lol 
god there's nothing like a hot shower and < PROPFEMALE > oil afterwards .... so relaxing to feel so clean 
just one class left today and then i can bundle up in my down comforter and get out of this SNOW !! 
reading and staying out of the cold ..... god where's summer at ! 
about to watch Spirited Away ! 
naptime !!! 
I really should do some greek translations .... or i could just go bed and do it early in the a . m .... hhhhmmmm decisions decisions ... god my bed looks really good right now lol 
SENIOR PRANK !!!! let the campus wide drunkenness begin !!!! 
you know what's amazing .... postcards . i love them and now have enough to make a collage for my wall when i get home ! 
politics and parlour tricks , they're all the same-southern gothic revival 
Just finished watching Tombstone .... I can never get enough of Doc Holliday ! 
god .... what is it about a hot shower that makes life worth living ? 
