I don't know what's going on but I am feeling SUPER blessed with no stress . Good and bad have been happening and I still feel good and blessed . The Lord works in mysterious ways . 

About to take the kids to Centennial Park for the 4th and the fireworks . 
Wondering if I want to go out tonight or not . 
Feeling sad for some strange reason . 
About to start on this d @mn classwork . Hate this class with a passion but I need it to get my degree . GOD !!!!!!!!! 
Still stuck on the assignments that I have due in a few days . My mind can't seem to focus on the work I have in front of me . 
School starts tomorrow and the kids go back to school . Thank you Jeevus !!!!! 
Can't seem to focus on my classwork , no matter how hard I try . I've been staring at this screen for three days and I'm still pulling a blank . 
Listening to music and chillin ' . I'm still feeling good . 
Feeling violated . Somebody ate my d @mn Doritos . And I really wanted them too . 
I tell you . Facebook is the place to be if you are looking for your relatives and friends . I have relatives that I ' ve never met and ones that I lost touch with . This is a true blessing . 
Trying to clear my head and focus on what needs to be corrected or fixed in my life . 
To the sorority sister who sent the eye black as a gift , I just want to say thank you . 
Feeling blessed this morning and loving it . 
Today my 3-year old son had a minor surgery . Yeah everything turned out the way it was supposed to , it scared the living hell out of me . I don't think I've prayed so hard in my life . But I do thank the lord for everything HE has done for me and my children . 
What's wrong with this picture ? My 3 yr . old son had minor surgery yesterday , I'm good and tired and now he's running around here like somebody gave him some crack and sugar . What's up with that ? 
I got a new cord . Yayyyy ........ me ! Happy day ! 
LET'S SEE HOW MANY PEOPLE ON FB AREN'T ASHAMED TO SHOW THEIR LOVE FOR GOD AND ADMIT THAT JESUS IS THEIR SAVIOR ... WE NEED GOD BACK IN < PROPFEMALE > AND EVERYWHERE TOO ... IF YOUR NOT ASHAMED PLEASE COPY AND PASTE THIS TO YOUR PROFILE .... 
Keep your friends close , and your enemies closer because you never know whose going to betray you . 
Happy Thanksgiving to everyone !!!! 
On this day and everyday , I am thankful that my kids and I are healthy , and that we have a roof over our heads and food on the table . I am also thankfulto be living . 
Wondering how to complete my day . Took the kids shopping and now we're at home relaxing . What to do , what to do ? 
I always thought that your family was supposed to be in your corner . Turns out I was wrong . The simplest of things can flip them against you . and ain't a damn thing you can do to change it . It hurts my heart to know that and witness it but its real . If you don't have your family in your corner then who do you have . 
What kind of person brings a child into a quarrel that they had with someone else ? How messed up is that ? 
Having a mental hangover right . Too many thoughts are buzzing my brain right now . Feeling like I need to whooosah or something . 
I am enjoying the time that I have on this Earth , whether it be good or bad , I am glad that I am alive . I am thankful for my children , and friends in my life and on facebook . 
I love the fact that I have haters in my life . Come on people , motivate even more than I already am . You're making me stronger , throw me some more hate . 
It's sad when you have to beg your kids to do what you want them to do . ( And no its not me or mine , they know better . ) Gonna be on Maury crying asking why your kids are beating on you and cursing you out . Sad really . 
Trying not to laugh at the immaturity I see in \GROWN\ " folks . This day just keeps getting better . LOL . " 
Two days into this week and I'm accomplishing more goals than before . I need to < PROPFIRST > myself on the back . I'm proud of myself . 
Wanting out of this class . I have 38 minutes to go . 
Wanting this day and everyday to lived in a peaceful < PROPFEMALE > . 
I believe that no matter what goes on in your life , you can always count on your TRUE friends to be there for you . 
Permed my hair for the second time this year and arched my eyebrows . I feel and look like a new woman . What a transformation , I know I was looking kind of rough . Whew !! Lol . 
About to turn in a little early tonight . Have an early day in the morning . Goodnight beautiful people . 
I feel as thought the weight of the world is finally starting to ease up off of me . Life isn't great but it sure is good . 
I have no more resolutions to make . I am going to continue to live each day to the best of my ability and make improvements where needed . I will make 2010 work for me . 
My New Year's resolution is to not make any . I'm going to take it one day at a time , make goals , and continue to pray for the best . Happy New Years !!! 
True peace is not merely the absence of tension , it is the presence of justice . - Dr. < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Jr. 
Don't want to have to go out in this freaking cold weather but I have no choice . 
My 4 year old son asked me could he have a credit card . I told him as soon as he gets hired on a job he can get one . Too cute . 
Maturity is the essence of how you live , immaturity is in how you live it . 
I am owner of my mind , body , and soul . No one can take that from me . I'm free to live my life as I please . My enemies will not stop me and my haters will continuously motivate me . I'm loving and living . 
You know today I witnessed some of < PROPFEMALE>'s southern hospitality . I had a seizure on the bus today and nobody jumped to help me , they just looked at me but I thank God for my friends because they saw what was happening and helped me . Welcome to < PROPFEMALE > . 
I can't stand people who follow , instead lead yourself onto a path that will better you and make \you\ " into the person you know you can and should be . " 
Destructive love , real love , stupid love , the kind of love you choose is key in life destructive love explains itself , real love is pure , true and kind , and stupid love makes you do the kind of stupid things that you would never do in life so please examine the kind of love you have and choose wisely . 
People who follow shouldn't be talking about the people who are leading . Leaders are people who make their dreams a reality , they prosper and succeed , they also believe . Motivation , and prayer are the keys , don't let anyone and/ or anything hold you back from your present and your futrue . The doors of opportunity are there . 
Pregnancy is not a disease , I repeat pregnancy is not a disease and not an excuse for laziness . ( No offense intended ) 
Can you honestly look in a mirror and say that you like what you see ? If you don't like what you see , what will you change ? If you love what you see , do think you can perfect something about yourself ? 
No matter the obstacles that come your way , NEVER let anything stop you from achieving whatever it is that you need to do . 
Everday is a good day to start making new goals start making them reality . Never let anyone tell you different . 
Bought a Blackberry from a phone company and the guy forgot to give me my pin to activate the damn phone . What the f@#@ kind of shit is that ? Kinda pissed off right now . 
My 2-year old nephew just told my kids he was gonna beat their @sses . I asked him what he said and he repeated what he said so Itook him to his mom and toild him to tell her what he said and he looked in the face and said I beat your @ss . Straight foolishness . 
Everyone has a stupid moment but damnit not every second of every freaking day . JEEVUS !!!! 
Why the hell am I still up ? 
You know its bad when I went looking for my Bluetooth and had my sister tell me it was in my ear . Not a good look for me . Lol 
I hate shopping with my mom , because she takes forever and a day , walking down every freaking aisle looking at every freaking article of clothing . Jeevus ! 
Thank You for all of the birthday wishes I have received so far . I feel sooooooo ...... special :D 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME !!!!! 
I want to officially welcome my little neice < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Newson into the world 5 lbs 9.4 oz 18 inches long . She's finally here !!!! 
I'm so excited ..... my pamper me day begins in 29 minutes . Yayyyyyyy ............ 
Just bought a Wii . This is so much fun ....... 
just left the Malibu Grand Prix with the kids . We had a ball . Got soaking wet dammit . lol . Gotta do it again soon . 
Needing and wanting a Calgon moment . Who's with me ? 
I don't know what I'm doing wrong and I am quickly running all out of answers . Lord Jesus please help me !! 
I see I can't be nice to some people , so now I have to be the asshole that I don't want to be to you . 
Can someone tell me why my 6 yr old daughter woke up at 2 am just to tell me her hair was messed up ? I mean really . 
Is trying not to be overly dramatic and cry about this migraine that I'm having . 
Lawd help me , its the last day of school . 
I can't stand people who talk shit about you behind your back but won't say shit to your face . If you can't say the shit to my face then shut the fuck up . 
Stupidity is contagious . I repeat stupidity is contagious , stay away from all the stupid people you know . You might catch the \stupid \"." 
Just when I think me and life are good , life finds another way to screw me over . 
Love has no boundaries , it is endless . Love sees all of the good and some of the bad . Love will put a smile on your face , but can also make you cry . Love is a beautiful and blessed thing , but can also be your curse . Love is joy , love is pain . Love is .............. 
What I feel for you is undeniable , real and pure as the driven snow . I love you now , then and always . My heart is yours . 
The difference between me and you is who we are and how we live our lives . 
I don't like when my when people play with my feelings or insult my intelligence . Don't ever underestimate me . 
You win in relationship by giving up selfish desires in order 2 win 2getheher #realtalk \ " , 201 0-0 6-05 18:15:20 " 
Just had that moment where my have opened to everything and I can clearly see . Feels good to have my vision back . Life is good . 
Sending love to my cousin Ne-Ne for doing my hair yesterday . Even though it feels like my brain is trying to come out of my skull . Loving it though . 
I can't stand people who think that just because they have done something for you whether it be big or small , that you owe them the freaking world . It say in the bible do unto others as you would have them do unto you . But you know maybe its just me . 
Failure is not an option in my book\ 
anymore , success is . 
We all make mistakes , I'll never claim to be perfect just human . If you can't take me for the person that I am mistakes and all then stay the hell away from me . 
Fake @ss people get my real @ss attitude . 
I suck at bowling . Anybody got any magic bowling powder so I can up my game ? lol 
About to get three teeth pulled . Lord help me . 
Lordy Lordy to have some real food instead of soup and potatoes would be so cool right now . 
Feeling pretty good right now . Life is good . 
It doesn't matter what anyone else says , thinks or feels about you , its what you say , think and feel that matters most . 
If you can't count on family to help you in your time of need , who can you count on ? 
Why is it that my sister is complaining that its hot but she's sitting in the front with the door wide open ? 
Right about now I feel like slapping the hell out of all the stupid people in my life . 
Giving your kids a muffin is not a meal . I repeat giving kids a muffin is not an option as meal . 
Why did I just see a lady with two kids with leashes on them while they were attached to a baby stroller ? Anybody ? 
One day the sun will shine on me like it has never shined before . 
The name of the store I'm gonna open is gonna called Dummies \R\ " Us . I have the first dummy right now living in the same house with me . Who has the rest ? " 
Lord < PROPMALE > me the strength to deal with the things I can't control , allow me serenity and peace , bless me with your love and grace , I'll love you always for giving me another day . 
The skies are endless and so are my dreams . Dream big , dream live , dream forever . The world is yours and mine for the taking . 
To have love is a great feeling , to be loved is a precious feeling , to be in love is a blessing . 
Eating yogurt pretzels for the first time . They're kind of good . 
What kind of mother tells their 3 year old to get the 2 year old out of the street ? Seriously ? 
My mind and heart are heavy . My soul is weary , and my spirit is weak . I ask the Lord up above to hear me prayers when I speak . I'm lost and hurting , don't know what else to do . I'm praying everyday for the Lord to see me through , that he speaks to my spirit and opens my heart . 
Trying to make all of my dreams a reality . 
I'd like all the stupid people for making me look smarter than I am . 
Why is it that you and your daughter are walking around smelling two wet pissy dogs ? Its called wash your asses nasty . 
How the hell do you wear booty shorts knowing damn well you don't have a booty and you're trying to walk like you got one ? Really ? 
You know its messed up when my own sister will do everything in her power to help everybody else but won't do a damn thing for her family . 
If this world were mine ................. 
Don't EVER let anyone hold you back from going for what you want , because if that person is trying to hold you back then they're just wanting you to stay down with them . MOTIVATION is key whether you're motivating yourself or others are !!!!!! 
For those who are in my life for a reason , season , or a lifetime , I thank you for all that you have done and taught me . I thank you for your love , hate , joy and pain . I thank you for being the person that you are , have become or will be . Most importantly I thank you for the love you have brought into my life and for trying to break me but only making me stronger . 
Love is more than sex and good feelings .. Love isn't just . ( L)egs ( O)pen ( V)ery ( E)asy #Love . ( RevRun Wisdom ) 
If I could have just one day away from my kids and my stresses , life would be good . 
What kind of person can buy food for their fake ass friends and their families , but won't put food in your own house ? How messed up is that ? 
Time is at a standstill , my emotions run high , my mind is jumbled with too many thoughts , I don't know what to do ....... 
Now see I had something good to say but my damn mouse had a mind of its own and went to another < PROPFEMALE > erasing it . Damnit !! 
Would it be wrong if I turned my kids into cookie dough and put them in the oven , bake and then eat them ? LOL . They are working my last nerves last nerve . 
One day free of worries , of drama , and kids , nothing but peace and quiet . That's a wish I'd like to have come true REAL SOON . Wishing on alot of stars . 
So , why did my BlackBerry go out for like 3 hours and just I just got it to turn back on ? This damn phone is pissing me off . 
You have been there for me when I was at my best and my worst . You never stopped believing in me when I stopped believing in you . When times got rough and I couldn't love you the same you still loved me . And when I turned my back on you and asked you for forgiveness , you welcomed me back with open arms . I don't know what I would've have done without you in my life . Thank you Heavenly Father for blessing me . 
Feeling a calmness and sense of peace that I haven't felt in a long time . God is with me . 
I'm feeling good this morning . I felt so good that I woke up extra early spend some extra time with my babies . Feeling good , feeling blessed . 
You know its funny how people who call themselves your friend don't call you unless you can do something for them , but when you need THEM they are nowhere to be found . What kind of \FRIEND\ " are you ? " 
Why do I go to < PROPFIRST>'s Club get to the register and realize I left my freaking card at home and have to back home to get it ? Unfuckingbelievable !!!!!! 
Don't judge someone until you've walked a mile in their shoes . You'll be surprised at what you may find out when you do . 
Don't think you know the real me . The real me is deeper than what the eyes see . If you take a look inside you may come to see there's so much more to < PROPFIRST > . You can love me or hate me . Either way I don't give a damn . 
Back in the day when I was young , I'm not a kid anymore , cause some days I sit and wish I was a kid again ....... 
I just want to say that I applaud the men who want and try to be fathers to their kids . What I can't under stand is some of the \baby mommas\ " who won't let the men see their kids but complain that he doesn't come and see them . WTF ? Are you serious ? " 
One thing I've learned about life is , is that its precious . Enjoy what you have and don't worry about the little things . 
There is room for change , there is room to grow , there is room for love and there is room for you . 
Its a wonderful day in my world . God has seen it fit for me to see another day . Life is good . 
Trying to get started on my classwork and I'm stalling and I don't why . 
Love the ones that are dear to your heart because you never know when they will no longer reside on this Earth . I say this because one of my friends lost their stepfather today . < PROPFEMALE > the time that you have and live your life to the fullest . 
Life is love and love is life . Enjoy yourself and everything that you do , regret nothing , because life is short . Embrace who you are and what you have because in the blink of an eye it can all be taken away . Forget about the past , look forward to the present and let the future guide you . From my heart to yours . 
Its easy to look at someone's life and wish you had theirs but its even better when you can look at your own life and appreciate it . 
Good morning to all . May your day be filled with peace and blessings . 
Lord help me I'm having Coca-Cola withdrawals . I need a Coca-Cola asap . LOL 
Having eczema in this heat is ridonculous man !!!! 
Life and love are heavy on my mind . The possibilities of each going in the direction that I'm aiming for , are endless . 
Ignorance is bliss and so obviously is stupidity . 
You've been there for me when no one else could be or was . You've been my shoulder to < PROPFEMALE > on when the others weren't there . My strength , courage and faith when I had none in me . Your everlasting love has kept me going . I thank you Lord for your blessings and grace . I Love You !!!!! 
Who in the hell fills out Child Support Papers in half Sharpie Marker and half ink pen ? 
I just enrolled my son into Pre-K and the application was 20 pages long and took me almost an hour to fill out . OH well , at least he's in school now so , yaaaaaaaayyyyyyyyyy to me . 
How is it that my tooth breaks because the dentists drills it when pulling a tooth and I go back so she can fix it and now she's saying its a cavity and I have to pay $180 for her to put a filling in it ? Its funny because it wasn't a cavity before she pulled it . 
The only thing that keeps me going is the faith that I have in GOD . 
Don't depend on others for what you should be able to get for yourself . You'll never get anywhere in life depending on others to do things for you . 
Don't make a big something out of a little bit of nothing . It really doesn't serve a purpose unless you're aiming to piss me off . 
If all you're going to do is make stupid comments , please just shut the hell up . You're making me feel stupid just listening to you . 
Why is it that having even a simple conversation with my sister leaves me with a migraine ? 
I'm bored . Trying to figure out what to do to keep from dying of boredom . 
Still waiting on the replacement phone to get here . Oh the agony !!! 
Never feed yourself before you feed your kids . You are NEVER hungrier than they are . Get some brain cells you simple idiot . 
You would rather see me miserable and sad than happy . You would rather see me crying instead of smiling . You feed off of my hurt and pain . What would make you feel the need to be this way towards me ? What have I ever done to you ? 
I felt the need to delete some friends yesterday and I did . I feel a hell of a lot better now that my facebook house is clean . 
Its a damn shame . I'm 30 years old and just now learning how to wrap my hair the right way . Had to go on YouTube to find out how . SMDH 
I'm watching Extreme Home Makeover and boo hooing the first 15 minutes in . Big ass baby . Lol 
Thanks to my friend for sending me < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE>'s hairstyle and earrings . I really like it ! http://apps.facebook.com/sorority-lif-gcjdjc/home?tv3=mKnTaWQaEeqUzTWCKSrAhyuGk025aRSyaKQ%3D 
Went to the park today with the kids and let them have their fun . As I called my oldest son across the park in a medium tone of voice he comes running . Now why is it that he can't hear me calling him in the house ? Unbelievable . 
Its sad that I've been on the bus for almost 30 minutes and still haven't made it halfway to my destination . And to top it off left my house an hour early for an appt . and I'm still late messing around with this stupid bus . SMMFH 
You'll never know what's in front of you until you open your eyes . 
The joke of the day : A Child Support check for $5.00 . WTF ? 
Putting up the summer clothes in exchange for the fall and winter clothes . So much damn fun . 
Thank God for another week , another Monday that I'm alive to see . New memories to be made and lots more to accomplish . 
For some strange reason I'm extra crunk this morning . Maybe its because I haven't slept since Sunday . Hmmmm ... lol 
An okay end to an okay day . It'll be better tomorrow . 
Starting to feel myself crash after almost two days with no sleep . ( Yawn ) 
Watching the new Scooby Doo movie with the kids . 
What a way to start my day . Woke up late , kids missed the school bus , and left my freaking debit card at home so I can't buy anything to eat after my 3 hour doctors visit . How are you doing ???? 
Why did my 6 year old cut off some of her hair in the top of her head ? SMDH * sigh * 
On the path to bigger and better things . Good morning FB family . 
Hating a lot of the bullshit that I have to deal with . It could seriously be avoided . 
Been home for 10 minutes and the kids are already on my last nerve . 
Just wanting to say good morning and that you all have a great and productive day . 
A productive Monday for me . I'm learning that what I thought I knew , I don't know much about . My ears are open and I'm now listening . 
Happy Birthday to my son < PROPFIRST > !! Today is his 5th birthday , he is officially a big boy . I don't know whether to be happy or cry . 
Its amazing how people judge others based on one glance . That person could be the one to change your life for the better . Be mindful of others and their feelings . 
At the doctor office with the boys . I am not a happy camper right now . Been a busy day , ready for it to be over . 
Trying really hard not to be mad at my kids for losing my wallet . Damnit !!!!!!!!! 
I am hungry as hell . I just had 2 sausage burritos and 2 hashbrowns a bag of chips and I'm still hungry . SMDH 
Enjoying a peaceful day thanks to a wonderful friend . 
I think my 8 yr . old needs to be taught a lesson he won't ever forget . Debating on the lesson though . Hmmmmm ........ 
I love the way that you love me . I love you endlessly , madly , truly and deeply . 
Starting to appreciate my life as it stands . Good will come but better can wait . Appreciative of my family and friends who support & love me & the little things 
Of all the freaking luck . Sitting near the fireplace and it pops me in the @ss and on my arm . Gammit !!!! It burns LOL 
I've had people tell me I'm being smart and I've had people tell me I'm being an @sshole . Which one am I ? Am I smart ? Or am I an @sshole ? Maybe I'm a smart @sshole . Hmmm ..... 
Life is about making choices . What will your choice be today ? 
My path to success has been blocked by the only thing that could ever stop me and that's me , myself and I . Time to switch it up and get on the right path . 
I'm thinking about what used to be , what's was supposed to be and what is . The what is , is that I'm going to take it one day at a time . 
Is it sad that I just had the best 2 hour nap on a cat scan table ? 
Happy , Happy Birthday to my oldest JaReus . Whom I fondly call the seed of Chucky . Mommy loves you !! 
YOU AND I WAKE UP IN JAIL TOGETHER ... Using only 4 words , what would you say to me ? Note : If you comment , you must copy and paste this to your status , so I may comment on yours as well . Be a good sport and play along .. and only 4 words , it isn't hard to come up with ... 
I think I need to backtrack and reflect . Who am I to assume and pass judgment on anybody , when I , nor my life is perfect or even close ? I pray to God for forgiveness . 
How are you going to have the nerve to be bourgeoise and you work at Target ? Really ? 
EVERYONE'S PHONE < PROPFIRST > ARE NOW ON FACEBOOK !! Cell #'s too ! Go to top right of your screen , click Account then Edit Friends . Go to left side of your screen , click Phonebook . Everyone's phone < PROPFIRST > are now published . Please repost to let your friends know this is happening so they can remove their < PROPFIRST > . ( Privacy Settings-Phone-Customize-Only ME ) passing this on . I checked it out and its there !! DO IT NOW ! 
