Sherlock Holmes is the bomb-diggity yo !! 

is enjoying the Colorado weather before it rains ... again . Lol . 
is trying to remember how it was back in the day before she got her new phone ... how did I go on without it ? Lol 
Ew , rain ... 
is learning to appreciate her freaky medusa hair ... 
Is a wee bit bummed with the < PROPMALE > Potter movie ... Cliff-hanger anyone ? 
Thought Warped was amazing on Saturday ( if you don't count the stupid rain) !! Loved Madina Lake , 3Oh ! 3 , Forever The Sickest Kids , All Time Low , and the Gallows ! 
Can't believe that there is only another week before going back to < PROPFEMALE > ... 
thought Inglorious Basterds was an awesomely good movie in a messed up kind of way ... 
Is road tripping it back to < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow . I'm going to miss all my peeps !! Alas , summer has come to an end ... 
< PROPFEMALE > ! 
is bracing herself for school to start next week ... bring it on ! 
thought the hypnotist was AMAZING !! \Are you an athlete ? \ " \ " No I go to SCAD ... \ " Lol . The best comeback ever . " 
is not really appreciating the mosquitoes attacking her ... 
aced the graphic design quiz ! Yesssssss . 
thinks that a river may be forming in front of her house from all the rain ... Lol 
Has to go to the computer lab . NNOOOOOOO ! 
Totally finished her design project early ... I don't know what to do with myself . This never happens ... 
It's so pretty outside ! There's an actual breeze . Holy crap !!!! Lol . 
Decided that dying in a watery spinning vortex filled with evil aliens would be a pretty badass way to go . That's what I get for watching War of the Worlds ... 
it's totally raining outside ... Not cool when you have to walk to your car . Lol . 
Totally got her Graphics class cancelled for tomorrow morning ! Who's sleeping in ? I AM !!! 
totally just watched a squirrel slingshot video in business management class . What this has to do with business ? ... stay tuned ... 
went on a < PROPFIRST > Redford and < PROPFIRST > McAvoy hunt today since they're filming the conspirator in < PROPFEMALE > . Epically failed , but I refuse to give up !! 
Got to see the parentals this weekend and had a lot of fun . Happy Birthday daddio !! 
Bored . Ughhhh ... 
just realized that the world series was last night and had no idea ... good god what's wrong with me ? 
Thought Halloween was an epic fail this year and can't wait for Thanksgiving and Christmas !!! 
Bring it on Intro to Business ... bring it on .... 
is getting anxious for the weekend already ... 
Had a great time this weekend !! 
Thinks its entertaining to watch < PROPFEMALE > try and get the last word in all the time . I had no idea until now ... Lol 
FINALS !!!!! OH GOD !!! 
IS DONE WITH HER FINALS !!!!! AT LASSSTTTTTTT !!!!!!! 
Finally got home at 5:30 this morning and just spent the whole day sleeping . It was a good Thanksgiving and I had a blast !! 
Is totally getting her Christmas tree today !! Wooo Hooo !! 
It's a blizzard , it's a blizzard !! White Christmas anyone ? Lol 
Thinks that Cheater's is the best show EVER !! < PROPFIRST > Grecco is da bomb !!! 
Thanks for the birthday wishes everyone !! I really appreciate it and it definitely has been a great birthday . 
Had an AWESOME Christmas and hopes everyone else did too !! 
Back in < PROPFEMALE > again ! 
The bird is the word ! 
Flapjack , Chowder , and Adventure Time marathon with MJ ... Happy New Year to is ! 
Heard < PROPFIRST > y < PROPFIRST > on the radio this afternoon and suddenly realized it was < PROPFIRST > Wahlberg just by sound . < PROPFIRST > y < PROPFIRST > = < PROPFIRST > Wahlberg ? What ? Totally missed that memo ... 
Ewww math class . I don't wanna go ! Lol . 
Lazy Saturday ... 
Did nothing today ... It was amazing !! 
An entire class about fonts ... Good God ... 
It's the weekend . Wooooooo !!! :) 
Is totally doing laundry and homework AT THE SAME TIME ! Go me . Lol . 
Had a good laugh this evening after class . It was AWESOME !! Lol . 
Loves that everyone is freaking out over the possible two inches of snow tonight . It's so entertaining ! 
Crisis averted : SCAD id found !!! 
Too many feathers in figure skating , just too many . The highlight of the night was probably the black and pink corset outfit . I mean really ? 
< PROPFIRST > White rocks my world . 
is excited for USA but thinks Plushenko deserved the gold . But Weir was amazing !! Loved the outfit !! 
had an exciting Friday . Fell off a horse AND got to trail ride after ( without falling off this time ) . woo-hoo !! Lol . 
My math class totally got Cancelled ! Yay for sleeping in !! 
On < PROPFEMALE > four of eight for my paper ... FML ! Lol . 
Is done with her eight pages just in time to hand it in at five . Wooo !! Ok enough with this paper crap , I go to < PROPMALE > school . Come on ... 
It's finals week !! Can't you just smell the sleep deprivation ??? 
Is done ! Oh god ... * falls over * 
Alas my time back home is caput . Time to head back to < PROPFEMALE > ... 
survived the eight hours of O'Hare airport hell ... 
Eww Monday ... Lol . 
It's beutiful outside ! Why must I have projects ? WHY ?! Lol 
Happy Easter ! 
It was 87 today . Hellllooooo spring time ... 
It's so nice out ! I love this weather . 
Mariocart !! 
Wants Ihop !!! Lol 
Bowled a 97 tonight . For me , I'm pretty sure that's a record ! 
whisper * She really wasn't pregnant ! * whisper 
Save the fire !!! 
Got a manicure with < PROPFEMALE > Kidman , < PROPMALE > Urban , and Sunday < PROPFEMALE > . It was pretty awesome ... 
Class got canceled ! My day has been made . 
So much to do . SO LITTLE TIME !!! 
The woman on the plane next to me was reading Enquirer magazine and then gave it to me afterwards ... It was a good plane ride . 
Had a great lunch in San Fracisco ! 
Dinner with the whole family . Party !! 
Back in Chi-town for a night . Got to see my bestie ! And her bedazzled ass ... 
Watched the Kentucky Derby and had a blast !! 
Running around Forsyth at 8 in the morning ? What ? 
Poor Cinco de Mayo is being ignored this year ... 
Old school mighty morphing power rangers just made my day . 
Happy mother's day mommy !! Love ya !!! 
Wizards of ass !!! 
Weekend ! Now sleepy time ... 
The secret is not to go for the pretty ones . Stand next to the homely one on the left ! 
Yay weekend !! Just in time to do more work ... 
Screw actually working on my finals , I'm watching You've Got Mail at one in the morning ... :) 
is having freshmen year flashbacks from being in Dyson Lab . It's not a good thing . 
Hey !! There was a stow away on the plane with my mom ..... my Aunt !!! 
Is done with Marketing bitches !!! Only one more class to go ... 
It's summer vacay bitches !! Now for three months on nothingness ... 
Nothing like American Psycho to top off the night ... 
FEED ME A STRAY CAT 
Hello rain , where'd you come from ? 
MTV Movie awards were awesome ! Loved < PROPMALE > Cruise !! But could < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > Pattinson get anymore awkward ? Jeez ! 
A-Team was awesome !!! 
Got her Warped 2010 compilation cd today ! 
< PROPFEMALE > defined by the Urban Dictionary :\ 
unapproachable . powerful . extremely successful . assertive . sassy . a bad \ 
ass mother fucker . sweet . 
Stop running , puppies . I don't want a puppy tornado ! Whizzing ' round , with all these legs flapping . Mess . 
Love Toy Story 3 and thought it was super cute !! 
Finally got her car cleaned !! It smells like strawberries ... 
Recently got around to watching Remember Me and found it highly depressing . Definitely wasn't prepared for it ... 
Gets to pick up her bestie at the Jacksonville airport tomorrow night !!! SO EXCITED !!!!! 
HEY YA EVERYONE !!!! 
Happy Fourth of JULYYYYYYYY !!!!!!!!!! 
Is back home in Illinois !!! 
Shhhh , ya hear that ? That's the sound of forgiveness ... No that's what forgiveness sounds like . Screaming and then silence . 
Inception was AMAZING !! Unfortunately I'm going to have to see it about four more times to completely understand the plot . 
it's FUZZY !!!!! 
Warped Tour on Saturday !!!!!! 
You better check yourself before you wreck yourself . 
Had an amazing Warped Tour !! We The Kings , AM Taxi , The Cab , and Reel Big Fish were AMAZING !!! 
Kicking it old school and playing my old < PROPMALE > Potter games . Why was this so much harder as a kid ? 
Three tomatoes are walking down the street ; a mama tomato , daddy tomato , and a baby tomato . Baby tomato starts to lag behind and daddy tomato gets angry . He squishes him and says \come on ketchup . \"" 
It's official . Seven Pounds with Will Smith is the most depressing movie ever . 
\Why can't I have birthday pie instead of birthday cake ? I want birthday pie . Much nicer . A big fuck-off pie . \ " -Sleep talkin ' man is right !! " 
As < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > would say \A woman throws a harpoon in ya and ya go where she pulls . \"" 
Bowled a 126 last night ... No joke ... A 126 ... 
is lame because she can't think of anything to update her status with ... 
Is back in < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Went job huntin ' today . Now classes start tomorrow ... Helllloooooo fall quarter ! 
It's only been one day for each class , but all of my professors seem pretty awesome ... 
Took a personality test in Psych yesterday that was eerily on target ... I guess that's why it's a personality test ... 
Had an awesome time playing Rock Band last night ! 
Almost had a heart attack when she bought a new computer charger and thought it didn't work . Its all good now . My computer ... IT LIVES !!! 
CRACK IS WACK 
It's so nice outside today !! I love it !!! 
Made herself breakfast at 6 this morning . Apocalypse ? I'll keep you posted ... 
Family Guy spoofed The Clue movie ! My night has been made . 
My world has been thoroughly rocked . And not in a good way . 
You know , it really isn't a movie unless there's a magic Indian man involved . 
Screw you stairs . Screw . You . 
MY HISTORY TEST ISN'T UNTIL NEXT THURSDAY !! Since I thought it was tomorrow , this is good news . 
It's so nice outside today ! I love fall ! 
Jackass 3D = Hilarious Insanity 
\I'm so confused right now . \ " \ " I KNOW ! \"" 
< PROPMALE > History reached a whole new level this evening . Thank you Surrealism ... 
Always hates her fricking registration time . 
COUNT CHOCULA . 
I've come to the conclusion that the Syfy channel is like Lifetime on steroids . 
GOT A FREAKING A ON HER HISTORY MIDTERM BITCHES !!!!!! 
Is contemplating just moving in to the library for the next two weeks . They have couches there right ? ... 
ABERCORN WHY ARE YOU CLOSED ?? Gah !! 
< PROPMALE > Potter marathon !! 
It looks like < PROPFEMALE > vomited all over Michaels and we haven't even hit Thanksgiving yet . 
Best . Night . Ever . 
What is Absinthe made out of ? Unicorn tears . 
EPIC BATTLE TO GET HOME !!!!! But I made it !! :) 
Happy turkey day !! 
Learned a lot from watching the clinic today . The highlights : < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > calling me rude and almost getting trampled . 
COD with Steph was fun !!! 
Christmas tree time !!! 
The Mizer brothers are on ! Christmas can officially begin . 
Oh Miley < PROPMALE > ... You can't see me , but I'm shaking my head . Lol . 
Bowled a 79 . Suck it !!!! 
Thanks for the birthday wishes everyone !!!! It has been an awesome 21st birthday !! 
Dancing to the spice girls . I'm officially 21 now . 
A great birthday ended with an amazing lunar eclipse :) 
\Fra-jil-lay . It must be Italian or something . \ " \ 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas !!! 
The Black Swan and True Grit were amazing !!!! Go and see them !! 
Tron was AMAZING !!!!!!!!!! 
Back in < PROPFEMALE > !! 
Bring it on Scad ... Bring . It . On . 
