0100000101101110011001110110010101110010 

In the End , We Will Remember Not The Words Of Our Enemies , But The Silence Of Our Friends ... 
Never Let Go Of That Fiery Sadness Called < PROPFEMALE > ... 
Holy shit Im so sick of seeing < PROPMALE > Hill on TV I want to kick him in the damn nuts . 
\Nothing is so strong as gentleness . Nothing is so gentle as\ 
“Each time we face our fear , we gain strength , courage , and confidence in the doing . \ " , 201 0-0 6-11 11:52:00 " 
The World Seems Brighter . 
Seems like people just like to talk for the social interaction , I feel like I'm defective because of my lack of wishing to speak of what ever happens to come to mind or what I did during my day , Maybe some Prochlorperazine would fix the problem ... I should just do that . 
the great feeling and rush of believing that I am special , I have achieved a great thing , when I have only opened a door to greatness , and that I must step in one foot at a time with caution yet with enthusiasm , May I find the way without losing myself or becoming something I could not look in the face . 
still a limit to our own greatness , our own ego , and that we have not accomplished any great deal in the world , only great personal accomplishments , I wish I could embrace this idea more strongly , yet sadly I still fall into the habit , 
What a Pain . 
What a waste of a day that started out < PROPFEMALE > good . 
A Dog that has been beaten will always cower and lower their head when even a gentle hand reaches out to comfort it . \ 
That Dog will always have fear in it , and will never fully trust anyone , \ 
no matter how kind . You can not fix that dogs broken trust in man . It Lowers its head because it knows all will hit it in time . Only a Matter of time . 
Distractions are nice , they keep you sane . But you either go back to what you know or completely change . In the long run most people go back to what if familiar . Maybe people are just scared of change , yet its always going to happen , slowly or quickly , that is your only real choice . 
No One Knows Why My Favorite Number Is Three . 
