HAPPY NEW YEAR EVERYONE ! :) 

\In dreams and in love there are no impossibilities ... \ " :) " 
why are you gone when i need you !? ugh :( 
going to girls camp now !!! be back .. on wedneday ? 
is back from girls camp . I LOVE SHOWERS . 
haha ! i have so many happy bday things :) yay . 
mmm .... yay . cute clothes !! :) 
because of course , my summer is just meant to be stuck watching siblings . UGH 
meh .. nothin to do , no one to < PROPFEMALE > with . gotta love having people gone at efy ! grr . 
i just ... bruised myself . stupid not < PROPFIRST > proof bank ..... 
................. cherries . 
its just best to laugh like you've never cried , love like you've never been hurt , and party like you've never been silly before . =] 
gonna be gone campin all week ...... 
is yay for tan ..... but i miss my baby :( 
im back ! 
is loving showers .... * thank you * 
is crossing her fingers ! 
waking up to something thats not is lame 
this cant be happening .. 
anything else ...? 
does not not not want school to start ..... :P 
dum diddly dum do < PROPFIRST > ........... humming to yourself . perfect distraction in any situation . 
blahdity blahdity blah 
is going to wake up from this nightmare and still have 2 months of summer left .... i know it .... anytime now .... 
\Nunc scio quit sit amor .... \"" 
has < PROPFEMALE > stuck in her head .... but is quite happy right now :) 
dumumum ........... ummmm .......... my neck is bleeding . idk why . 
decided that sleep is very nice . 
ummmm .............. rawr ? 
don't fight over sharp things . it always ends bad . 
great ... i cant talk . at all . 
misery , thy name be strep throat . 
im getting better .. im getting better .... yay ..... yay ..... yay .... 
no matter what ... im telling you now . i will be ok ... 
ah .... so ... sore ..... the marines hurt :( 
\those who do not know how to weep with their whole heart ; do not know how to laugh with their whole soul either ... \"" 
* ~ Look for me by moonlight , watch for me by moonlight , I'll come to thee by moonlight ; though hell shall bar the way ! ~ * -Noles , The Highwayman ( love it ! ) 
is wearing best dress tommorow .... in honor of AF band . 
\toast in UNhealthy for your colon \"- Anonymous ;) " 
last night was the bomb ! except ..... now i am quite tired lol 
weddings in the mountains in october .... beautiful , but probably COLD . 
...... i cannot sleep in , i swear ! ugh . 
\In dreams and in love there are no impossibilities . \"" 
.... math test ..... i hate it ... 
my grandma has made the most divine applesauce ever known to man . mmm 
\ ~ When they asked me what I loved most about life .... I smiled and said you . ~\" =] " 
..... they are gone ..... 
have you ever been worked to exhaustion twice in one day ? i have . 
why .......... :( 
grrr . 2 hours sleep ,..... and a huge mongous test today . 
how could everything change .... so quickly ? :[ 
cougar , you make my pink hatted adventures mucho grande better ! haha 
AH ! aida ... TONIGHT ! 
< PROPFEMALE > WAS SO OOOOOO FUN !!!! :) 
mmmm . 10 hours sleep . :) 
\How did it get so late so soon ? It's night before it's afternoon . December is here before it's June . My goodness how the time has flewn . How did it get so late so soon ? \ " ~ Dr. Seuss " 
dum de dum de dum . facebook , you steal 1/4 of my life . i hope your happy . 
happy new year ! 
i have no life .... doooo ..... de ..... dooo . 
AH ! my phone is BROKEN ! grrrr . i can barely text .... but , yea . its making me mad . 
does anyone have a atnt phone that they arent using and is willing to lend me for like a week ??? haha i would be so happy if you guys did !! 
dum de dum . my new phone is a phone .... but it kinda sucks :P sorry people , imma be takin LOTS of pictures of you now ! :) 
i just love it when people say things that arent true :P so much :P 
stress ... is .... no fun . :P but love .... now that is fun :) and ... happy :) oh , the conflict .... haha 
valentines day is soon :) yay . :) 
I just made a hershey's kisses coursage , and speared a plastic bowl on a stick . Young Womens is < PROPFEMALE > fun sometimes :) 
my saturday so far : wake up . clean the whole house . get sister happy with food . clean some more . eat breakfast . get brother off the wii . think about how much i wish i was at sweethearts ... continue babysitting , through the day . lovely :P 
To Girls Only : girls , doesn't it suck when you are practically screaming in your mind for a guy to do something , but you can't tell him anything , and then he doesnt do it ? :P 
you know ... sometimes life SUCKS . and sometimes , its GREAT . just depends on the day , i spose ..... 
loves having those dreams where you just wake up and smile , then want to sleep more just so you can keep having the dream :) 
nothing .... nothing to say . 
But where will you go , with no one left to save you from yourself .. You can't escape , you think that I can't see right through your eyes . Scared to death to face reality .. no one seems to hear your hidden cries ; you're left to face yourself alone ... 
All the little pieces falling , shatter .. Shards of me , too sharp to put back together .. too small to matter , but big enough to cut me into so many little pieces if I try to touch her . But I know the difference between myself and my reflection .. I just can't help but to wonder , which of us do you love ? -evanescence . 
had a really good day .... i certainly needed one :P 
* sigh * 
i just figured out where dracula got his name . :) 
love < PROPFEMALE > to death ... she is such an amazing friend :) i hope she sees this !! ( i love you too < PROPFEMALE > , don't get jealous < PROPFEMALE > ) 
........ i know i am supposed to be doing my buttload of homework .... instead , i'm on facebook . oh this addicting thing ... 
* PHEW * knowing you made it into musical theater is a big thing !! ok , i think i can breath now .... haha :) great job everyone ! I cant WAIT for next years plays with all of you :) 
i ....... really ? seriously ? :P ok .... whatever :P i don't even care . :P 
hmmmm . im an awesome cowgirl ! :) haha 
words of wisdom from past week . -tan for less than three hours , you burn . stay away from hot tub boys , theyre trouble . NEVER stay in same room with family . water on cement floors STAYS there . social life should not be conducted after midnight . stay away from pool boys , theyre worse than hot tub boys . dont try to iron library books . when climbing mountains , dont run them . haha . happy end of spring break , everyone . :) 
and ... so begins the monotonous run of play practice ! wish me luck , lets hope i don't have a mental breakdown again ! Haha :) 
is in love with < PROPMALE > Miserables ! :) 
MY VOICE IS GONE !!!!! NO ! !! :( :( 
i am .... extremely sore . i need a massage ... any volunteers ? haha :) jk ;) 
hmmmmm . the pictures ... turned out amazing :) 
breathe ...... just keep breathing deep ... 
just finished learning cristofori's dream ! 9 < PROPFEMALE > , 6 minute piano song ... i feel so proud of myself :) 
DUDE ! such an awesome stag dance ! thank you boys , and < PROPFEMALE > ! haha :) great way to end the school year . :) 
was looking at news articles about < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > , that poor 4 year old child ... how anyone could do that , especially to a child , I cannot fathom . It makes me sick . His parents deserve the worst punishment possible ... My heart goes out to that boy , in heaven now for sure . 
is avoiding mommy duty ... well ... babysitter duty ... but its totally mommy duty :P wish me luck to survive today ! haha :) 
is avoiding an honors history essay .... I'm two pages into it , and just got done with the second paragraph ! It's sickening . 
For some moments in life there are no words . 
is going to miss her dog , lucky , so much .... I love her ... and i'm scared for tommorow :( 
lucky , i will always miss you and remember you ... thank you so much . i love you , my doggy best friend .... i always will . 
so ..... i decided i would very much like to own a cyrovolcano . or at least see one . yea ? 
is thinking about a massive dance ( DJ'd ) for her 16 birthday party in 3 weeks , inviting everyone i know , and everyone that they know . does that sound fun to people ? please give me feedback :) thank you kindly ! :) 
has sooo much to do tommorow ... its sickening . XP anyone wanna help ? haha 
birthday is creeping closer !! so excited for her dance , which you all should come to . :) 
killers ( the new moie out ) TOTALLY rocked . plus , i am going to get married to < PROPFEMALE > kutcher . mmmm . 
wants to sit down in stupid pajamas with my best friend , eating sugar coated strawberries and chocolate liccorice , and listen to sappy county love songs :) 
hey all you sexy people ! i am gonna send out invitations over text and over facebook soon to my party ..... so ..... be looking for them ! :) 
has to give a talk in church in about a half hour , and is feeling ready to puke .... ah .. 
loves horseback riding ... i wish i didn't have to stop ! grr . 
what do you do when everything you've hoped for comes crashing down on you ? 
so .... the kamakazi slide at the pool turned my toesies into ground beef . mucho .. not fun . 
isssss .... my birthday . sweet ! :) 
haha thank you so much everyone for the birthday wishes , gifts , everything :) you truely made my sweet 16 one to remember ! :) 
is about to go to her first day on the job ! artic circle , here i come ... 
just drove all by herself :) it was great . 
just got back from her first date .. it was fun :) the shakes at jcw's are MONSTROUS ! 
the simplest things you say can leave me gasping for air ... because i haven't forgotten ...... and you have . 
................ i just spent an hour liking over a hundred and 20 things . I think i am going to go smack my head against a wall now , because I apparently have NO LIFE . wow . just .... wow . 
< PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > are coming in August !! IM SO ESSIITTEED . I miss them soooo much :) 
thinks ..... i should do a photoshoot . if i can look good enough , that is :P who wants to come take photos !? haha jk .... right now i look like ... well ..... im not sure . but its not that pretty . 
hmmm . i may as well try this . it sounds fun :) if you like this status , and you are within the first 20 people to do so , i will post a like , dislike , first impression , and confession about you . :) don't be offended ! haha 
hmmm . date tonight , pretty excited :) 
leaves for island park on monday , will get back friday .... hmm ... no cell service ... thats gonna be hard . haha 
All of you precocious people , say I ! And for all of you who went and looked that up , admit it ;) 
alright , leaving soon to yellowstone , to be gone for a week ! no cell service . :P ill miss you all ! later ! 
....... amazing . :) today , alright . tonight .... was simply amazing :) 
just watched obsessed .... holy crap ! that movie is awesome , but totally insane . wow .... and for all you who are up right now , get to bed ! haha 
\this is NOT huckleberry !?!? what is this !?!? oh my gosh . eww . \ " haha :) -Tay " 
\why ?? \ " * shrugs * \ " cause I'm Aprodite\ " awesome . :) " 
hmmmm . all you medical examiners out there .... why is my wrist hurting ? i can think of no concievable reason for it to be , yet it feels like my inner wrist has been slit . anyone wanna guess ? cause I'm outta ideas . 
la la la la la la . I'm quite bored . 
If I smile and don't believe .... soon I know I'll wake from this dream ... Suddenly I know I'm not sleeping .... I'm still here .... All that's left of yesterday . -Evanesence 
I get my wisdom teeth out tommorow morning at 8:00 a.m. Can you say Scared !? dude . not excited . buttt ...... people who love me and have space in their lives ... come make my plight better in the next week or so . ;) however , if i say anything weird or embarrassing to anyone tommorow , I apologize in advance , for I shall not be lucid . It will be the drugs speaking . with just a hint of < PROPFIRST > .... 
hmmm . I'm lucid . But , in a LOT of pain . People ... should come see me ! I'm kinda lonely . haha 
Comfort , Love , and Joy made a georgewarm girl cheese sandwich while watching shooting stars . Sounds poetic ? Oh , it was . :) 
Due to unneeded complaint about the last poetic status , I am now changing it . Jello ...... Is no bueno when you want to be eating so many other things . So many delicious , hard foods .... that require you to open your mouth more than an inch . :P Wisdom teeth are NO FUN ! 
People on facebook make me laugh . At the wee hour of 9:30 A.M. ( surely the crack of < PROPFEMALE > ) only 8 people are on facebook , of my 700+ friends . Yet at 2 in the morning , over 40 people are on at one time ...... No comment needed . haha :) 
Nothing takes the taste out of peanut butter quite like unrequited love ... 
My cousins are gone , and I have to work all day , plus ; school starts soon . BLEH . not a great start to the day .... 
last day of summer . hmmm . how shall i spend it ? any suggestions ? 
Bahaha . :) I was reading the article ( and watched the clip ) on ksl about the Westlake people who got caught trashing Lehi yet again and one of the comments was ( referring to < PROPMALE > ) -\His haircut looks like it got vandelized . \ " Totally made my day . :) " 
Isn't it funny how he can be your everything , when you are his nothing ? 
hmmmm . great sunday . :) one of the best . \Bacon is the pixie dust of food . \ " :) " 
I will be in Lake Powell till Monday night ! Don't miss me too much , everybody ! :) 
Guess who is back from Lake Powell ?? 
The world is not respectable ; it is mortal , tormented , confused , deluded forever ; but it is shot through with beauty , with love , with glints of courage and laughter ; and in these , a spirit blooms timidly , and struggles to the light amid the thorns ... 
Congratulations to everyone who made callbacks ! I texted those of you who's number I had , but to all those I did not , you guys rock just as much ! :) Its gonna be an absolute blast guys ! 
I am not yours , not lost in you . Not lost , although I long to be . Lost as a candle lit at noon , lost as a snowflake in the sea . You love me , and I find you still a spirit beautiful and bright . Yet I am I , who long to be lost as a light is lost in light . Oh plunge me deep in love -- put out my senses , leave me deaf and blind swept by the tempest of your love , a taper in a rushing wind . 
Is very irked that people can judge so quickly , about things they know little to nothing about ! We all live our own lives , it is not fair for us to evaluate others . 
Deep cleaning of the house , and lots of homework . My Saturday is turning out ... no bueno . My head hurts , and I want to do something fun ! Someone should rescue me .... 
Haha ! I came upstairs with a green face mask on , and my 5 year old brother looked at me very weird . Then during prayers , he prayed for \Please bless < PROPFIRST>'s face to get better ... \ " Everyone was having trouble not laughing . :) " 
Can not love be free ? Must there always be constraints , tyrants , and complexities ? I suppose there must be .... true happiness cannot be known without true sorrow . 
My . Goodness . AWESOME ! :) 
Going to La Boheme in a couple hours .... very excited . :) 
I think I beat myself when I sleep . I keep waking up hurting , and not knowing why ! 
Update on why my mouth hurt . My mom thinks I have an infection ... 
\Funny when your dead how people start listenin .... \"" 
Rue 21 , you are my favorite of the day . Thank you for having such godlike bargains , and making me feel like a child at Christmas . :) 
Church today . was . EPIC . ( And I don't usually think or say that ! ) 
Chandler is AMAZING . congratulate him on it next time you see him . haha :) 
Practice . 8 AM . EwWW . 
Its painful .... the only thing I worry about is , will it be worth it when its all over ? 
Take me as I am , for who I was meant to be . Take me baby , or leave me ..... 
Yay for < PROPFEMALE > Hawkins with Chandler ! I had a blast . :) Thank you ! 
So , I realized a corrolation between MDT and prostitution today . We wear gobs of makeup , do our hair oddly , don't wear many clothes ( in between costumes at least ) , we wear high heels * character shoes * , and to some extent , we perform for money . Does this worry anyone else ? 
11/16/2000-11/16/2010 . Its been 10 years , and I still miss and love you daddy . Hope its nice up in heaven .... I love you , and you are on my mind today . Love , Court 
< PROPFEMALE > blond hair , tangled with curls\ 
Falling in front of the black camera\ 
She brushes it back with her porcelain hand\ 
And makes him smile , his green eyes sparkling\ 
So beautiful she forgets to say “Cheese” 
Letters to < PROPFEMALE > = AmAzInG . \ 
Tangled = AdOrAbLe . \ 
Dating = Fun . \ 
Cutting your hand on ICE ! = Grr . 
Dear \No Fear Shakespeare\ " 
Just found a scholarship online , worth $ 1,000 dollars , for living in a nudist colony . And they say finding good scholarships is hard ... Psshhh . 
Nothing takes the taste out of peanut butter quite like unrequited love .... 
Now I finally get twirled around like a < PROPFEMALE > , get the perfect fairytale ending I never thought was mine ... All because of you , my heart feels mostly whole again . 
You know things are tragic when your \midnight snack\ " consists of salad and low fat ranch . :P " 
Alright . I'll cave . Send a number 1-1000 to my inbox , and I'll post a status about you ! :) 
15.5 - Remember how we used to be such great friends when we were like ..... 3 ? Yea , great times . We never talk anymore ! 
525- I love your drawings . I'm so secretly ( well , not secretly anymore ) envious of them . Also , I happen to like a scottish accent better then < PROPFEMALE > anyway . 
792- I'm so sorry I didn't know your contact ! I really really am impressed by you . I miss you ... Come back to high school . We need your talent , and I miss tech days with you . 
1000-I've known you possibly longer then most people I know . And I trust you so much . Today was the first day you've yelled at me ever , but I forgive you . I still remember your bunnies at the old house ! You kinda scared me then . But you don't now . I love you now , bro . Haha :) 
17- Geez , I'm changing my status so fast ! I was so happy when you came to my birthday party . I didn't really expect too many people to come , and it made my whole day that you did . You are such a good person , and I love being around you . I'm also very secretly jealous of your mad dancing skills . Wow . :) 
777- I love how much you care about other people . You are so talented , but don't even see it ! I'm so glad you are always there for me . :) Thank you so much ! 
89.22 - You are so so so smart ! I wish I had your smarts . haha :) I love being around you , you are a good person and a great friend . Thank you ! 
53- I see you in the halls , but we don't really ever do much more then say hi ! so ... Hi ! we should talk sometime . 
999.9 - You are rockin . At first , you scared me . But then I got to know you , and found out what a great friend you are . I miss you ! you are still my record ( you know what for . ) lol come back soon , we all miss you . 
454- I don't know you very well . But you are cute . :) Lets be friends ? 
11- Hey you ! You were my Christmas person . You can't open your gift for 12 more days , promise ! I hope to see you guys soon , I miss you all ! Stay warm , and love you :) < PROPFEMALE > christmas . 
635- You are so beautiful . I hope you feel better , and know that I can always be here for you . I love how strong you are , and how fun you are to < PROPFEMALE > out with . Thank you for being my friend :) 
12321- You FAIL at the 1-1000 rule . But I'll post anyway . You always make me smile , and I love being around you . I love how you will do pretty much anything for me , even though I don't deserve it . And know that ( as you say constantly ) I do trust you . :) Thank you for being in my life . :) 
1994- You fAIL at the 1-1000 thing . But thank you so much for being in my life . I trust you completely , and it makes my day better to see you and have you smile at me . :) I love you bro ! 
222- Probably one of my most favorite people ever , however much you and I fight occasionally . I trust you a lot , and I hope you trust me . I'll always be there for you , thick and thin , till the day you die . Promise ! :) I love you . 
666- My number . Geez . You are a really good friend , and an awesome influence :) thank you for always being there :) 
554- You have been my friend for so long ! I admit , I was jealous of your awesome part in the play , but thats ok . I miss hanging out with you ! Who is your new boy toy ? :) 
Oh , My . Goodness ! I just did a little happy dance . :) CALLBACKS ! Congratulations everyone ! 
Well , Facebook . What is on my mind ? Isn't that a great question . Titanic would have to be my answer . :) 
I think I'm killing my turtle :( I think he's sick ! But I don't know how to make him better ! 
So ..... callbacks today . Waiting ... is torture beyond all belief . :P 
is Mme . Aubert in Titanic . I'm so excited to work with you all ! :) Can't even wait . I love you MDT ! 
God saw you getting tired and a cure was not to be . So he put his arms around you & whispered come with me . With tearful eyes we watched and saw you pass away . Although we love you dearly , we could not make you stay . A < PROPFEMALE > heart stopped beating , hard working hands at rest . God broke our hearts to prove to us he only takes the BEST ! Put this as your status if there is someone in Heaven you will miss at Christmas . 
Tango with me ? I think so . :) Thank you guys ! 
Ogawakamolie ! The only two people who understand this status had better like it . :) 
Just got laughed at over the phone by a stranger . MEAN ! 
Just got the family treats at Kneaders , half price , all satisfaction . Score one for me ! :) 
Dear automatic paper towel dispenser , \ 
Is my interpretive dancing not enough ? \ 
Sincerely , my hands won't dry themselves . :/ 
Dear < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Jr. Not that we don't love you ... but < PROPMALE > DiCaprio had a dream within a dream within a dream within yet another dream . I say he wins for the day . :) 
\I'll be back . I'm going to go get toast . \"" 
Just saw Oklahoma ! Fantastic . You all should go see it at UVU . :) 
\Is that all you need ? \"" 
Choked last night . I don't remember much , but it totally freaked me out ! 
meant what she said , and said what she meant . 
Dear people of WalMart-\ 
Please stop looking at me like I am going to hell . \ 
This is my little brother and sister , not my children . \ 
Thank you ! \ 
Love , < PROPFIRST > 
.... Babysitting . I'm my own sweetheart . Haha :P 
Look how easy that was . 
I am now the proud mother of a little black plastic baby for two days . 
......... * facepalm * 
Dear \Letters to God \"-- you make me bawl . Uncontrolably . To the point my mother makes fun of me . But I love you . Thank you . \ 
“I have heard there are troubles of more than one kind . Some come from ahead and some come from behind . But I've bought a big bat . I'm all ready you see . Now my troubles are going to have troubles with me ! ” ~ Dr. Seuss - Happy Birthday Dr. Seuss ! 
misses summer . I ate a small box of strawberries today , and I swear , I could taste the season on them .... 
Dear people who TP'd my house -- suckers . We have neighbors who love us . :) 
How an affair of the heart survives , days apart and hurried nights seems quite unbelievable to me ... I don't want to live like that . I'm so tired of all we're going through -- I don't want to love like that , I just want to be with you , now and forever-peaceful , true . 
Whew ! Done with school , rehearsal , cleaning , cooking , and taking care of children . Finally , a moment of rest . Now ... time for homework . 
Dear friends , \ 
Encore auditions are coming up , and I need 32 measures of a Broadway song to sing . Would you like to give me suggestions on what would be good for me to perform ? Please and thank you . \ 
< PROPFIRST > 
I'll give this a shot : Blueberry , Pinapple , Rasberry , and Grape ? 
Dear < PROPFIRST > Astaire and < PROPFEMALE > Rogers , \ 
When I grow up , I want to be you . \ 
Both of you . \ 
Can I start again , with my faith shaken ? \ 
Cause I can't go back and undo this . \ 
How many times will it take for me to get it right ? 
Are all parents under the belief their child could attend < PROPFEMALE > League schools if the children put their minds to it ? 
Addictions are as contagious as any epidemic , and much harder to rid yourself of . 
Once upon a time , I thought I knew how everything would end . I thought I knew how to prepare for eventualities , and that I could be ready for anything . Now I know better . 
