Happy New Year everyone !!!! I miss you terribly !!! 

It's interesting that when someone new and amazing walked into my life ... Someone old and bitter walked out . Good riddance . We aren't looking back . 
There's always more than what meets the eye , and when that curiosity takes over ... there's no telling what you'll find . 
It's weird to think that five years ago today , I was admitted into the Kenai Peninsula Community Care Center .... Just so glad it's over . 
I think it's so funny how TV contradicts its self . \Watch the premier for the hit movie ... \ " Um ... How do you know if it's a hit movie if no one's watched it yet ? " 
Sometimes it feels good to cry ... because when those tears come , they wash away the pain ... 
I'm ready to let go of my mistakes , now it's time to apply the lesson learned . Whatever comes next , remember , I'm prepared to take what I've earned . 
I HATE MONEY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Mmmm .... Gingerbread cookies . 
I'm only human ... 
Blood on the < PROPFEMALE > !!!! 
The last time there was a lunar eclipse on a full < PROPFEMALE > Winter Solctice day ... was year 1632 . 
Craving change ... 
I'm going to my sister's tomorrow . I have quite a bit of packing to do ... some cleaning too . I'm feeling pretty good today . For those who don't believe in magic , the existence of life is great magic alone .. and I'm high on life . =) 
So I managed to lock myself out of my phone .... pretty much killed it in the process . So yeah , I'm probably getting a new number tomorrow . WOW I feel < PROPFEMALE > smart ... 
Hoping you've had a better Christmas than me ... if that's even possible !! =) 
My little sister's so sweet ... she made me breakfast . =) 
Well ... I can't please everyone . =) 
Just waiting for the moment our words become reality ... 
Walking around San Fransisco at night is absolutely breath-taking ... 
It's time for a stoner shower !! =) 
Tomorrow can and will , save us from ourselves . Mistakes , only chapters , we keep on our shelves . Our dark pasts ignored , just left to fade away . No bitter worry or fear , to cause our self-decay ... 
When you embrace change ... you're embracing your life . 
I just took a picture of the sunrise , noticed it kind of looked like something something crashed into the sun and went back to take another picture and now the sky is covered in clouds , not even two minutes later ... 
\We are not human beings having a spiritual experience . We are spiritual beings having a human experience ... \"" 
Dying my hair a little bit lighter ... not by much , but it won't be black . We'll see how it turns out . 
If someone talked to me the way that people do on commercials , I'd punch them in the face .... They talk to the general public like we're a bunch of idiots . Assholes .. 
I keep getting calls from an unknown number ... they call and say nothing . It's really weird . 
Just because the earth shifted does not change the fact I was BORN A < PROPFIRST > . I'm not a Cancer . 
This year has already made quite the impression on me . It's been rather strange these last few months , and has increased in weirdness in just the last couple of days . To be honest , I've never been happier and I look forward to what comes next ... 
It's almost one in the morning here ... I miss you terribly . Happy 18th Birthday , < PROPMALE > . 
Love , if there's anything I need to learn , teach me . \ 
Hate , if there are bridges I need to burn , leave me ... 
Happy Birthday Grandpa . I miss you . 
ZOMBIE DREAM #5 This time I was an effin bad ass .. Zombies fear me =) 
Dear Alaska , California has shown me some pretty amazing sights since I've been here , but none of that will ever compare to your majestic , mountainous beauty ! I am to return to you , very soon ... I miss you . 
Wow ... So much drama on here !! Why can't we all just get abong !! 
You can blame the generations before us for the despair upon the world , but the truth is .. If you continue to blame everyone else , it will never change .. making you a part of the problem . 
What a long day !! Packing/cleaning , 4 hours of bus riding , shopping , wonderful sushi dinner ... Tomorrow will be even more busy !! Spa day !! I can't wait =) 
Cheap coffee morning =) 
Let the world crash , love can take it .. Love can take a little , love can give a little more ... Let the world come crashing down . 
I had a dream I went back to the Care Center ... I saw the whale of an Executive Director and threw a sandwich in her face . Awesome . Purely epic dream . 
Off to Alcatraz .. this should be interesting . 
For those of you who might give a damn .. I'll be returning to Alaska this Sunday =) 
Well , I'm sitting in the Portland Airport .. gonna be here for like 3 hours . Talk to meeeee 
Everything's so blurry and everyone's so fake .. and everybody's empty\ 
and everything is so messed up ... 
Standing at the crossroads ... 
Just positive manifestation .. everything will be alright . 
I've had quite a peaceful < PROPFIRST>'s this year . Sippin ' on some coffee while < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > sings to me .. Smokin ' all on my lonesome , and I'm glad I can actually say I'm enjoying myself . Hope you had a good one too ... 
It's one thing to underestimate someone and look like a fool . It's a whole other hell to overestimate someone and leave yourself disappointed ... 
Flaw of humanity : We always want what we can't have ... and when we get it , we don't want it anymore . So .. what and who will you hold onto , when there's nothing left ? 
=) Feeling very relieved right now .. My mom made it through her heart surgery . They're talking about removing her ventilator tonight or tomorrow . Hopefully she'll be able to wake up soon .. 
Who's in Anchorage right now ? My mom is finally asleep and I'd rather not sit in this hospital all the time . Someone wanna < PROPFEMALE > out for a bit ? 
It seems to me like Father Time is in need of a good kick in the pendulum ... 
Sometimes it takes looking away from a < PROPFEMALE > , to see just how brightly it really shines ... 
Three years ago today , I ran away from KPCCC . I can't believe time has gone by so fast .. 
You swept me off my feet , to let me fall on my face ... 
Things always get worse before they get better ... right ? =/ 
How can you slowly destroy that which gives you life , and not expect it to fight back ? I wonder how long it will take for us to change , before it's too late ... 
What is freedom of speech if only used to undermine another person's opinion ? We all have our right to our opinion , however we are never entitled to listen to others ' . 
A deadline could be the difference between a job that's done , and a job well done ... Why are we in such a hurry ? 
You can't always get what you want ... but if you try sometime , you just might find ... You get what you need . 
Its a bumpy road ... But it sure is more fun that way . 
Rest In Peace Grandma < PROPFEMALE > . I'll < PROPFEMALE > my memories of you , always . 
I promise I won't ask about you , or wonder where you are . Everything is always changing , but I'm alright so far .. If we're ever face to face , and where we want to be . Promise me that things have changed , and all you want is me . 
To be rid of such a vexation to my spirit !! THE RELIEF ! I am a woman . I am strong . I am not perfect , and neither are you . What defines a person , is how we face our flaws and our fears ... 
I deserve it . 
I've been thoughtless , irrational , immature , and I'll never have those choices back . Though I will not be forgiven or forgetful of this pain .. I have my will to change , and with that , I shall . 
I'm feeling rather accomplished . I cleaned this whole place :) Now I can relax . 
.. these are the eyes of disarray ... 
Throw me away like the garbage I am , but remember ... One man's trash is another man's treasure . 
It sucks when you feel it in your gut , that something isn't right .. So you ignore it , or at least you try .. and they come back to bite you while lookin ' in your eyes . No words , just songs and a wave goodbye ... 
Awesome way to wake up #1 : A shot to the face by a < PROPFEMALE > gun . WOOT !! Props to the little kid .. Get me when I'm down ! 
< PROPMALE > tomorrow :) 
No , you won't find another like me .. but that doesn't mean much , to those who like variety . I'm not here to fill the gaps , between your heart and days gone past . I'm out , and in comes reality .. I'm not coming back . 
Wow .. I don't know how to feel about the fact that I had no idea Super 8 is a movie . I was starting to get worried about the sudden popularity of a motel . 
Well that was fun =) Although fish slime doesn't smell too great ... 
Just got back from halibut fishing with < PROPFEMALE > Hermanns and < PROPFIRST > Cissell .. ' Twas a ton o ' fun =) I caught two puny fish . 
It's kind of weird when you're going through a rough time , and you suddenly realize that you're just fine .. 
I have to find the rest of me , before I try to find someone else .. 
