is thinking the Magic shouldn't even be in the finals ... 

is back after a blown achilles ... Ecco challenge here I come again ....!!!! 
Headed to the gym then the beach ! 
has the itch for a . 308 and a Swarovski 3x9x40 .. ballistic range scope .. 
is watching Brayden while lexi goes to her photo shoot ... 
THinks a couple of days at Turtle Bay are in order . 
Can't take another night on my hotel bed . Where is my thermarest and North Face \Cat's Meow\ " when I need it ! " 
Every minute I stay in this room , I get weaker , and every minute < PROPFIRST > squats in the bush , he gets stronger . 
I love the smell of napalm in the morning . The smell , you know that gasoline smell , the whole hill . Smelled like VICTORY ! 
I hunt Grizzly Bears and have gotten as close as 10 ft and I don't get as nervous as I am now as my daughter goes up for Miss Teen Hawaii for the first out of two nights .. 
is proud of < PROPFIRST > . She did great and was at a total disadvantage being the only non-Hawaiian girl . 
just got done finishing Call Of Duty 2 \Modern Warfare\ " and thinks wouldn't it be nice to have that much fire power at my disposal ... " 
If I had ten divisions of those men , our troubles here would be over very quickly . 
needs to get his bow tuned .. the humidity in Hawaii is killing it ! 
is debating what he should hunt in Alaska next year ... 
Just tested for SMSgt ... I am mentally spent ! Now it's up to the board . 
is about to do a 5k , ( goal .... under 21 minutes ) , then hit the beach ! 
I wanted a mission , and for my sins , they gave me one . Holla at you in month .... Coop out ! 
is salivating over the new Matthews Z7 bow ! 
My first Tsunami , should be interesting .. 
is looking forward to moving back to the main-land , so I can get all my guns and ATV's back . 
is debating on how far to run today . 
has 80 days of leave saved up and is planning on re-charging the battery ! 
Is looking to buy land in Alaska . ( Need my cabin ) 
Won a < PROPFEMALE > 1558 laptop ... HOOYA ! 
is looking forward to using my new Mountain Hardwear + 15 bag and new Jetboil . Now , send payment to the bush pilot . 
this retirement thing is a pain in the ass ! 
is getting his ass kicked by a bunch of kids on modern warfare online . The ACR with grenade launcher is pissing them off . 
is doing the Mr. Mom thing while < PROPFEMALE > is TDY . \I'm tired . \"" 
can't wait for < PROPFEMALE > to get home tomorrow . Neither can Brayden . 
Taking the next 2 weeks off . I have 71 days to use . What to do ? 
Well it's official . By authority of the Secretary of the Air Force I will be released from active duty on 30 June and retired 1 July . From Master Sergeant to Mr. That will take some time to get used to . 
is taking the next year off . ( thinking of getting another degree in Wildlife Management . ) 
what day is it ? 
is searching for a M4 Carbine . Next month ... Glock 9mm .. 
From this day to the ending of the world , But we in it shall be remembered -- We few , we happy few , we band of brothers ; 
Movers are here ! 
is dreaming of the Alaska range . August can't get here quick enough . 
moving from Hawaii is a pain in the ass ! 
last night in Hawaii . 8.5 hour flight to Alabama tomorrow with 3 kids and a black lab . 
HOLY Humidity !!!! Damn , it's hot . Alabama has more fried food than I have ever seen . 
3 Days and counting till I am back in Alaska . 
Anchorage in 6 hours . Enjoying a V.T. in Minneapolis . 
A balmy 59 degrees in Anchorage . Heading to Fairbanks in about 6 hours . 
Back from Alaska . No Sheep , saw 3 Grizzly bears . One 60 yds from my tent , Couldn't get any since the season didn't open till Sept . Those are some serious lucky bruins .. 90 degrees in Fairbanks . Sitting by the wood river waiting for the bush pilot getting tanned .. :) 
Planting 6 acres of food plots on my deer lease this weekend . Need my ATV's to get out of the shop \PRONTO \"" 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BRAYDEN ..!!! 3yrs old . 
GO PENN STATE !!! A hour's drive away and I couldn't get tickets ... DAMN ! 
GO EAGLES !!!!!!!!! 
Start Vick !!!! 
Like I said . Start Vick and keep starting Vick .. 
Is excited that his first batch of beer is fermenting ... 
Loves my hot tub after a long day in the field ... 
tuning my bow in prep for the upcoming season .. Food plots planted , now it's a waiting game . 
Riverfront Wine Festival on Saturday ..... can't wait ! 
Bow season is open ! Need to set up my game cam . 
Gotee or no gotee ? 
Is excited that plans to hunt Alaska next year are already in progress . Grizzly , Moose and Wolves .. oh my !!!!!! 
Everybody wanted me to do it , him most of all . I felt like he was up there , waiting for me to take the pain away . He just wanted to go out like a soldier , standing up , not like some poor , wasted , rag-assed renegade . Even the jungle wanted him dead , and that's who he really took his orders from anyway . ( My favorite quotes from my favorite movies ) 
May God have mercy upon my enemies , because I won't . - General < PROPFIRST > Patton Jr 
Once more unto the breach , dear friends , once more , Or close the wall up with our English dead ! In peace there's nothing so becomes a man As modest stillness and humility ; But when the blast of war blows in our ears , Then imitate the action of the tiger : Stiffen the sinews , summon up the blood . < PROPFIRST > Shakespeare 
I am a Veteran , and a Veteran is someone , who at one point in their life , wrote a blank check payable to the United States of < PROPFEMALE > for an amount up to , including their life . Regardless of personal political views , that is an honor , and there are way too many people in ... this country who no longer remember that fac ... t .......... Copy and paste this as your status if you are a Veteran . 
Heading to the tree stand . There is a 5x5 with my name on it .. 
Ran 5k in 24 flat ... Now goal in 4 months .. 21:30 . 
Flee not , leaving behind , fallen on the ground , the elders whose knees are no longer nimble . For it is a disgrace when an older man , his hair already white and gray of beard , falls in the front line and lies before a younger man .. So let every man bite his lip and with , both feet firmly on the ground , take his place for battle ...... 
Was asked what Greek battle I would have liked to be in ? My response \Thermopylae\ " Quoted by a Spartan king .. \ " Free men fight harder than slaves \"" 
Can't decide , THE CROW soundtrack or SE7EN ... Both are great ! 
Vick for MVP !! 
Thanks everybody for the Happy Birthday's .. It was a good day being catered to , by my family .. Yes , I am spoiled Alexis .. :) 
I have got to get back to my home .... ALASKA !! 
Who else plays COD Black Ops ?? 
Brown Bear in May ! Hurry up spring ! 
I want to go somewhere for a week . Were should I go ? 
I am looking at doing a volunteer Wildlife Conservation Expedition in South Africa . Will be there for 5 weeks studying predators . 
