Why is it that gay men on reality shows always think everything is \Dalishus ! \"" 

Hey everybody . It's my puppy's 1st Birthday today , so you all have an obligation to send her you birthday wishes or she will hate you all forever . 
Hey , if anyone is still in school and looking for a good par t-t ime job my office is looking for someone to fill a courier/clerical position . Pretty Easy . nice people to work for . Just fax a resume to this number : 766-8494 
Wants to know where all the handsome , rich , rugged-yet-sensitive , dog-loving men of the world are ? And when is he gonna show up at my front door ? I mean c'mon . Is that toomuch to ask ? 
Went to see Inglorious Basterds on Monday night , and was one of the only people in the theater that laughed at the \racist/King Kong\ " joke ..... the other person who laughed knows who he is . " 
managed to hurt herself opening a bag of chips . how do I make it through the day ? I need to invest in some \entire body\ " padding . " 
Nothing's gonna change my world . 
Just ordered her new phone ! yay ! 
wishes she could shake some damn sense into a certian someone . 
I need a $100 < PROPMALE > dispenser . Does anyone know where I can get one of those ? 
I am stuffed and ready for a nap ! Happy Thanksgiving everyone ! 
I need a hair cut ! I miss having bangs ! 
thinks that this poopy weather is making her sick . 
saw a guy on a segway riding on the street in traffic yesterday ! what the hell ? 
Went to the Christmas Party that my boss invited me to last night . I knew it was time to go when the drunk , old people started doing lively , drunken dances . 
What's going on for New Year's , People ? 
Would like to say that its been quite a year , and that I couldn't have done it without the support of all my awesome friends and family . You have all done so much for me , and I will be thinking of you all on my first New Year's < PROPFEMALE > as a mommy . Love you guys ! :) 
wishes she had a fireplace by her desk ! 
is finding that it is harder and harder these days to find an apartment for a reasonable price ! 
just found out there are 215 calories and 528 milligrams of sodium in one corndog . 
: Suck it , Trebek ! 
This date next year will be 1/11/11 . 
is looking for a gun-for-hire , because she is just about ready to take her boss out ! Just kidding ? 
is going running tonight . I have to get rid of this \winter weight ! \"" 
feels like her workload may very well kill her ... or at least cause her to sprain something . 
Has anybody heard of this show Summer Heights High ? It's hilarious ! 
We're goin ' prooowlin ' toniiiiight ! 
loves every bit of it . 
Copy these directions into your status ... go to urbandictionary.com, type in your 1st name and put the first entry for your name under the comments on your status ! Pretty funny ! 
thinks you all smell like butt . 
Woot ! 
is going to be her own < PROPFIRST > . At least I know I'll like the gift ! 
just got a ticket in the mail from BR city police . Watch out , people ! They are watching ! 
has met her match in scrabble ! 
Quote of the Day : \All kinda weird shit is words . \ " - < PROPFIRST > Salvesen " 
thinks listening to Acid Bath really loud on her ipod makes work much more tolerable . 
thinks it's really weird how sometimes the things that you don't like about a person can also be the things you find the most endearing . 
doesn't like being poked or hit with pillows onm facebook . 
is quitting cigarettes for realz , Homies ! 
hates when she thinks about stuff from a long time ago and still gets angry . I think I need to work on letting things go ! 
' s thought of the day - Dear < PROPFEMALE > Cuisine : Stop making the pictures on the front of your boxes look so delicious . You trick me every time . Maybe start making it look a little soggy , and then I will have more realistic standards of what to expect when I open my microwave . Thanks . < PROPFEMALE > 
feels like a total byatch right now ... sadface . 
is going to start a support group for Women who are attracted to unreliable , Man-children . 
needs some new music on her itunes and wants your suggestions . 
needs some crawfish in her life . Someone bring me crawfish ! 
Random trip to New Orleans ! woohoo ! 
Thinks that being disappointed and over-worked might just be the worst combination of emotions ever . 
wonders why my dog especially loves playing when I'm tired . 
wants to thank < PROPFIRST>'s for the food poisoning and the crappy tips last night . Insult to injury ! 
managed to eat an entire saltine , and feels much better now ! Yay ! 
Iwould like to retract my earlier statement . I think it's just a stomach virus . Sorry < PROPFIRST>'s . 
Thinks her brain checked out of work an hour early today . uuugh . No more work ! 
is so happy that it's Friday ! 
has been played for a fool . I hope < PROPFEMALE > really exists . because he deserves some terrible things . 
sunbuuuuurn . ugh . 
and < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > want to know , \Why can't we all just get along ?! \"" 
wants to know if anyone knows of a good < PROPMALE > gallery or exhibition to go see that doesn't close before 6 pm . This town sucks ! 
Thank you , Bjorn for a delicious meal ! 
Thank you for being a friend ... Traveled down the road and back again .... Your heart is true your a pal and a confidant ... 
R . I . P Dio . 
is 8 1/2 weeks pregnant . Just FYI for those of you that didn't already know . :) 
is so proud of her baby brother , < PROPFIRST > Crawford , who is graduating tonight . Love you , Brother ! 
\A man who cannot give anything away cannot feel anything either\ " - < PROPMALE > Nietzche " 
is really disappointed by the inactivity on Facebook today . 
feels like she could sleep for a week and still be tired . Stop sucking the life out of me baby ! 
wants to know if anybody knows how to chemically treat a really dirty pool without hiring a pool guy ? If you can help , there's a poolside seat with your name on it all summer long ! 
loooooooves blueberry muffins ..... mmmm ..... It's like magical deliciousness in my mouth .... 
is excited about the prospect of sitting on her couch , watching Planet Earth for hours on end . 
\it is easier to build strong children than it is to repair broken men . \ " - < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > " 
doesn't want to get up today . The fact that there's an extremely soft dog snuggled up to me isn't helping . 
would appreciate if anyone who is looking or knows anyone who is looking for a nice one bedroom one bath condo in the mid-city/downtown area get in touch with me , because I happen to have what you're looking for ! :) 
is staying home today , because she feels yucky . Anyone wanting to come give her a back massage is welcome ! 
\Money without brains is always dangerous . \ " - < PROPMALE > Hill " 
' s birthday is coming up , and she can't celebrate with booze like she normally does . Any ideas ?...... anyone ?! 
hates not knowing the sex of my baby . Why can't I just know now ?! 
just can't wrap her around how crazy life is sometimes ! So much can change so quickly it seems like you don't even have time to blink . 
' s favorite conversation of the day :\ 
\ 
Stephanie : What do you think of the name Asher for a boy ? \ 
< PROPFEMALE > : It's not bad . Hopefully they won't turn that into asshair when he's a kid . \ 
Thanks , < PROPFEMALE > ! I honestly NEVER would have thought of that one . lol . 
My puppy dog LouLou turns two today ! Happy birthday to all her brothers and sisters out there , as well ! ( sigh ) They grow up so fast ... 
wants to know where all the sane people have gone . 
\Don't say the world owes you a living . The world owes you nothing . It was here first . \ " - < PROPFIRST > Twain " 
had an ultrasound today ! 75 percent < PROPMALE > I'm having a boy ! I had a feeling .... 
wonders how some can live so far outside of reality . Get your heads out of your asses , people ! 
Just had to unbutton her pants at her desk at work . Oh boy , this is how it begins ... 
is sitting around the house in her robe and loving every minute of it ! 
wants to know where all the hotties are and why they aren't all fighting for my affection ?! 
just loves trying to pee into a cup first thing in the morning ! 
doesn't miss binge drinking , but she does miss the thrill of a good buzz .... 
feels like my relationship with carbs is very similar to a bad relationship that's based on sex . It's great in the moment , then you find yourself looking in the mirror with that feeling of self-loathing . But you know you're going to do it again , because it's just too damn good and your self-control sucks . 
i love me someeee < PROPMALE > Foret ... hahahahahahahahahahahaaaaa 
just watched a video of a water birth . It looks SO much calmer for the mom and the baby . I may have to look into this ... 
had this song stuck in my head all weekend , but didn't know who sang it . I found out it's by Paramore . Now , I'm questioning my entire identity . Thanks alot radio ! 
thinks thunder and lightning are sexy ! 
has been trying for over a month now to get some people to commit to planning a trip to Destin before it gets too late in the season . I've got one person on board . Any other takers ? Anyone ? 
One of our clients just tried to teach me how to Dougie . What the hell is going on ? Happy Friday everyone ! 
hates losing her cool . Speaking in anger has got to be one of the quickest routes to regret . 
tried to save this little dog's life last night on Juban Road , and nearly got myself run over . Not very smart , Steph . 
Dear 5 o'clock: \ 
I'm glad you're almost here . You are my favorite part of the work day . 
Happy Friday the 13th everybody ! 
is sitting around in Cutoff waiting for this woman to stop shreiking on stage . 
wishes she was curled up in bed right now with her puppy , instead of sitting at her desk listening to the rain .... 
just has to smile sometimes even when it feels like the world around me is falling apart , because there are moments when life can be so ridiculously awful that it just seems hilarious . 
just discovered cookies & cream Hershey's kisses ..... oh .... my .... god . I'm having a mouthgasm . 
< PROPFIRST > Godal .. Always on my mind :))))) 
has been kicked and punched from the inside all day long . Take a nap , baby boy ! 
likes not having to always explain where she's going or where she's been and LOVES sprawling out in her bed as much as she wants to . Being single certainly has its perks . :) 
loves TGIF TCBY ! Best friday work tradition ever ! 
is eating tamales at Fat Mama's in Natchez . Yummy ! 
keeps watching these live birth videos , and then wondering why she did it immediately after . I'm going to give myself nightmares ! lol . 
thought Hot Tub Time Machine was pretty damn funny . 
thinks its funny how people are happy to help others run from their problems as long as they are one that person is running to at that particular moment . The human ego is a powerful thing . 
cannot find a comfortable position in bed ! aaagh ! 
watched her stomach completely change shape for a second today from the baby changing positions . Sooo creepy !!!! 
is wondering why people who live in glass houses always want to throw rocks . 
wondering who else thinks River Monsters is an awesome show . 
is in a glass case of emotion !!!!! aaaaauuuggghhhh ! 
doesn't need all these bad vibes you're throwin out , man . 
gets winded walking from one side of a parking lot to the other now . I feel like a fat kid . 
thinks its both funny and infuriating when dogs act like mischevious children . 
registered for my first labor & delivery class today , because I realized that I am now officially in my third trimester ! 
just watched that show Big Love for the first time . WTF is up with these people ? 
loves this weather , but has had enough of this head cold ! 
had a delicious dinner at grandma's then an amazing selection of desserts at Tsunami with the ladies . Great night ! So tired and full ! 
loves laying in bed all comfy listening to the rain . 
is thinking that my baby will probably be able to sleep listening to loud music when he's born , because it will remind him of being in the womb . lol . 
thinks her dog is the best pillow out of all the dogs in the world , and her fur is so soft . 
is possibly the only person in Tsunami that doesn't care about some guy from Twilight being here . lol . 
is a dude according to Manswers .... 
has had these damn dogs right under my legs all day . They are driving me friggin ' crazy ! 
hopes that everyone has a Happy Halloween !!!! 
wants to know if anyone wants to paint my stomach ? I don't feel like making a costume , and I thought it would be kind of fun .... like pumpkin carving minus the carving . 
is going to go exercise my rights today by voting , and you should too ! 
looks at her family and friends and I know that my son will have no shortage of good male role models . 
is excited for hot cocoa weather ! 
tosses and turns all night . I guess its my body preparing me for the sleep deprivation to come ! yay ! 
would like to thank all of my wonderful friends and family that came to the shower today and thank you for all of the wonderful gifts . To those of you who couldn't make it to this one I hope to see you at the one next weekend in New Orleans ! I was told there will be a < PROPFEMALE > machine ! Heyoooo ! 
has no phone until my new one comes in the mail today , so if you've been trying to call or text me don't be offended if I did not respond ! I still love you ! 
Had the looongest day ever . Looking forward to a good night's rest ! 
had a wonderful day . I honestly can't describe how lucky I feel to have the huge network of support that I've got . I'm def feelin ' the love ! I am eternally grateful for all of you that have stood by me through tough times . I can only hope that one day I can pay it forward ! 
Getting everything ready for the baby at the new place .... now I just have to figure out where to put MY stuff ! 
is thankful for you all ..... and for dessert ! Please and Thank you ! 
Is totally okay with it if someone wants to come over and make me breakfast in bed ..... just saying .... 
Was just sitting in her car in traffic and randomly wondered , \What ever happened to < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Thomas ? \"" 
Is already being woken up early in the morning by this baby , and he's not even born , due to his severe bouts of hiccups ! 
Just woke up with a cable guy in my closet ! Lol . No , seriously ! 
Wants to go see the lights downtown . Who's coming with me ? 
Still thinks that Arrested Development getting cancelled was one of the most unjust things to happen in the past decade . 
Is dressing up for Halloween next year no matter what ! I hate that I didn't get ot this year . 
Will have a dirty ketel one martini with just a splash of vermouth . Please and thank you . :) 
has 10 days until Christmas/my due date , and this little guy is determined to stay in here until then despite my attempts to convince him otherwise . Stubborn little thing .... 
has things to do ! Sorry bed , but for now we must part . 
Had a great time at < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST>'s wedding ! So glad I could share in this special night ! 
Has a love/hate relationship with whoever it was that invented swiss cake rolls ... 
Just finished making pumpkin bread and mint fudge for Christmas . Yummy ! 
is getting a baby for Christmas . Top that ! 
Is cuddled up at home in my glider with my new little guy , < PROPMALE > . Feeling very at peace . :) 
Has had basically every bodily function possible ( aside from maybe 1 or 2 ) on her shirt today . Yum ! 
Just discovered that there is a digital cable channel that plays nothing but horror movies . This is awesooome ! 
is discovering that this whole being a mother thing is actually REALLY hard ! Who knew ?! Lol . 
Needs more sleep ! Jeez ! 
Is just amazed how much babies grow as each day goes by ! He already seems too big to have been inside of me ! 
finally watched Fantastic Mr. Fox in its entirety . Loved it ! 
Just got done getting the baby circumcised . I'm so sorry , dude . You will thank me later ! 
is watching the Degrassi marathon . Sad ? Maybe . Awesome ? Definitely ! 
Enjoyed a nice evening with my < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > and some homemade chicken skewers ! 
' s baby makes 1 month old today ! I'm so proud that we made it ! Haha . 
Anybody have wordfeud on their phone ? Play me ! 
Got < PROPMALE>'s social security card in today . My baby is now officially official ! 
went to Winn < PROPFEMALE > for a few groceries and walked out with a shirt full of baby vomit . 
Would like to let her friends that have been trying to IM her on FB know that she's not ignoring them ! Send an actual message bc I'M doesn't work on my phone . 
Thinks < PROPFIRST > Weir is just friggin adorable . Something about him just makes me want to give him a big hug . 
Is holding in her arms the most beautiful baby in the entire world . :) 
finally watched Sex and the City 2 ..... ugh ..... what a piece of doodoo . I hope it doesn't tarnish my love of the show forever . 
