Remember this well . There are two types of fights . As we have put our lives in battle , we must be able to distinguish between the two . The fight to protect life , and the fight to protect pride . 

Finishing season 2 of True Blood tonight . 
Facebook , why is your chat service is always breaking ? 
Home due to those crazy furlough days 
Call me anytime you've got a ghost 
o.O 
You say , and I like what you say 
Goodbye 2010 its been another wild adventure ! Can't wait to see what's around the corner in 2011 !! Happy New Years Everyone !!!! 
Out on a rainy day hike searching for some waterfalls !! 
Thunder and Lightning filling up the sky ... now I know I'm back in Chico ! 
Nothing like some warm spark on a night like tonight 
We've only got 86 400 seconds in a day To turn it all around or throw it all away We gotta tell ‘em that we love ‘em while we got the < PROPMALE > to say , Gotta live like we’re dying 
Creativity comes from trust . Trust your instincts . And never hope more than you work . 
If you are wise , it is to your own advantage ; and if you are arrogant , you alone shall bear it . -- Proverbs 9:12 
Please show me how to live .... Please show me how to have a day 
If your life passed before your eyes , what would you wish you would have done ? 
I am not one who was born in the possession of knowledge ; I am one who is fond of antiquity , and < PROPMALE > in seeking it there . 
The infinite is in the finite of every instant 
Family dinner tonight for my < PROPFEMALE>'s birthday 
Happy easter HE is RISEN ! 
looking forward to a great week 
The sun is shining bright today and I'm about to play disc golf for the first time ! 
Farm-fresh produce , delicious food , arts and crafts , and live entertainment ! Sing ME up !! oh yea 
Farm-fresh produce , delicious food , arts and crafts , and live entertainment ! Sign ME up !! oh yea 
TGIF ! Had double movie night with Old Dogs and Swing Vote . I give them both two enthusiastic thumbs up ! 
Oh the wind is lashing lustily , And the trees are thrashing thrustily , And the leaves are rustling gustily , So it's rather safe to say , That it seems that it may turn out to be , It feels that it will undoubtedly , It looks like a rather blustery day ! 
Mmmm thank you < PROPFIRST > and Bon's for this delicious mango tango peachy < PROPFIRST > yogurt !! 
? I wanna tell everybody everybody , that you're so much more than they've ever even seen before . And I wanna tell everybody everybody , If they touched your hand then they'd never want to let you go ? 
Rockin my way across the guitar hero leaderboards !! 
\To think is easy . To act is difficult . To act as one thinks is the most difficult of all\ " -Goethe " 
Off to see my AMAZING grandma who is turning 90 today !! 
Just found my first micro cache treasure ! Awesome camo job but I'll need to go back with an extraction devise to extract the log . Luckily it was right in my own backyard ! 
And all I wanna hear is your voice 
Every government degenerates when trusted to the rulers of the people alone . The people themselves are its only safe depositories . - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
Sunken-eyed girl in the sandwich shop , Ladle my soup from the kettle pot , so Swooning my self with the smolder looks Parsing that gaze for the right intention . Sunken-eyed girl don't let me go You're the whole world and you barely know so 
Thank you all for the birthday wishes ! I had an amazing day ! 
San < PROPMALE > here I come ! 
“Growth never comes without pain , and success is only a product of struggle” 
Alright so who is excited for world cup this year ! Lets get something together for this Saturday game 5 when USA has their first match against England !! 
Now can I get an encore , do you want more\ 
Cookin ' raw with the Brooklyn boy \ 
So for one last time I need y'all to roar ! 
USA FTW !! 
GOOOOOOOAAAAAAALLLLLLLL ! Haha count it ! 
Love this weather gonna go float 
Turtle tribe floating down the river , epic wakeboard session , and an awesome night still ahead ! 
Great weekend ... Beautiful wedding , great world cup finish , relaxing float down the river ! 
Fighting with technology tonight and am definitely not winning :( 
In the beginner's mind there are many possibilities , but in the expert's there are few . 
? Si vives si sientes si tienes si quieressi inspiras si ganas si pierdes tu vencessi creces si huyes si vuelves si aprendessi quieres de veras tu puedes , tu debestu vive tu siente tu ten tu quieretu inspira tu gana tu pierde tu vencetu crece tu huye tu vuelve tu aprendessi quieres de veras tu puedes , tu debes ? 
About to get me some < PROPFIRST > & Bons ! 
What we call \I\ " is just a swinging door which moves when we inhale and when we exhale . " 
? all them tremendous brunettes around , all them tremendous brunettes , all them tremendous brunettes around 
Alright its time to get serious ... making my room so fresh and so clean clean ! 
so into the great outdoors ( backyard ) to uncover new ground ( dig holes ) and see grand things ( lots of stupid rocks ) haha 
I hope you don't mind that I put down in words , How wonderful life is while you're in the world 
Headed to Fire Camp ... Sure is early 
Sleeping under the stars tonight 
Oh what a night 
Cheers to Vegas aka the Motherland !!! 
Let's get to LA ! Chico you've been fun 
After waaaay to long I'm finally seeing the new H-Pot !! 
Tainted Love was so epic tonight !! Best show Ive been to 
Spending a night with < PROPFIRST > Jett from the BlackHearts - The Runaways !! Shes a ch ch ch ch ch < PROPFEMALE > bomb 
Heading to LA for my admissions interview this Thursday ! 
So I'm being tempted with fresh hot cookies and ice cold milk to drive to LA right this second !!!! Sounds like a sweet deal ! 
So I'm now hooked on The Big Bang Theory - Thanks < PROPFIRST > and Grace season 2 is now on the way !! 
I Got Accepted !!!!!!!!! WOOOOOOO !!! 
On the road again ! 
TRON !!!! 
X-Mas party at the O last night was a blast ! 
Alright I guess it's about time to start packing haha 
Well packing was a fail lol . Anyone want to watch the lunar eclipse tonight ? 
We have quite an amazing series of events in store tonight ... 3 overlapping cosmic events !! A total lunar eclipse , the winter solstice , and the Ursids meteor shower . Lets celebrate this new beginning with joy in our hearts , a fast from gossip and anger , and prayers for all mankind . 
Oh when I box the days up 
So I'm trying to sell my Line6 HD147 Headpiece with Vintage 4x12 Slant Cab and a digital floorboard before I move to LA . If you know anyone who could use this AWESOME equipment let me know Ill sell it for great price . 
T-Minus 1 minute to flash . Mob 
Haha I'm gonna be on the news ! 
Alright last night out in Chico ... let's make it count ;P 
? Sunken-eyed girl in the sandwich shop\ 
Ladle my soup from the kettle pot , so\ 
Swoony my self with the smolder looks\ 
Parsin ' that gaze for the right intentions 
Wow finishing packing tonight is really taking me back . I just came across a box full of memories . Old love notes from ex's , prom pictures , make shift yearbooks ( which btw is the coolest yearbook ever ! ) some coin and card collections I forgot I had , just not sure what to do with all of it now . 
H-A-W-A-I-I- .. Hawaii !!!! 
Playing xbox kinect !! Pretty sure the night just got turned up to an 11 ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas Everyone !! Have you been naughty or nice ? 
Farewell drinks at the O !! I love you all can't wait to see everyone in LAß ! 
Its midnight now which means its time to move on down to LA , this is sure to be a loooong drive . Thanks to everyone who came out tonight ! 
I made it !! Ok time for a quick nap ... can't miss my orientation haha 
This just in ... I have no idea what to do lol . 
!! Sweeeeet I just saw a shooting < PROPFEMALE > in LA drivging down sunset Blvd 
Ahhhh no internet I left my wireless card in Chico 
10 < PROPMALE > to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > !! 
Brina Brina Brina !! Haha can't wait to see ya ! 
Just got my internet up at my new place ! This Rocks ! 
I'm the friend !!! Best socially awkward moment of today haha 
Cooking some herbal tea ! 
Ill tell ya what's on my mind ! Universal Studios ! 
LA sure is growing on me :) 
At the laundromat dedo doo doo do dedodo ! 
What do you think about when you cross the street ? 
Exploring < PROPFEMALE > beach 
Great good and drinks in K-Town today 
In search of the Kogi truck 
The Weight Is A Gift 
So many papers so little time haha 
It's never to late to be divine !! 
There's the strangest excitement today , \ 
if you're awake then you're welcome to hear . \ 
I got a gift and it blew me away , \ 
from the far eastern sea straight to here\ 
Oh God I feel like I'm in for it now , \ 
it's like the rush has gone straight to my brain . \ 
But my voice is as lonely as loud , \ 
as I whisper the joy of this pain . 
And now I'll stop the storm if it rains\ 
I'll light a path far from here\ 
I'll make your fear melt away\ 
And the world we know disappear . 
I can't find my chinese homework ... oh no !! 
One day of midterms down , sweet ! 
Turtle racing is happening !!! 
Whoa ! Just made some kale chips and there delicious !! 
