Happy 2010 , you crazies ... hey , where's my jetpack ?!? 

people are dropping like flies ! 
New Cali Law : SB 1317 allows the state to slap parents with a $ 2,000 fine if their K-8 child misses more than 10 percent of the school year without a valid excuse . It also allows the state to punish parents with up to a year in prison for the misdemeanor ?.? Piece o ' Crap if you ask me . Who has a say as to what is a \valid\ " excuse ?!?! " 
Spider-man , Spider-man Sony screwed up on Spider-man , Raimi's gone , Tobey too as well as < PROPFEMALE>'s snaggle-tooth , <- (good thing ) look out .... Sony has struck again ..... Spider-man , spider-man , going back to high school- spiderman ?, < PROPFIRST>'s officially raped and screwed , Sony should of used the jelly too ... 
Look out ..... Sony has struck again ...... Spider-man to Spider-boy , Ultimate puberty in all his joy , First in line to see this flick ?, Any Spider-man news makes me sick , Look out .... it's the end of the Spider-maaaannnnnnnnn ! 
Spider-man , Spider-man Sony screwed up on Spider-man , Raimi's gone , Tobey too as well as < PROPFEMALE>'s snaggle-tooth , <- (good thing ) look out .... Sony has struck again ..... Spider-man , spider-man , going back to high school- spiderman ?, < PROPFIRST>'s officially raped and screwed , Sony should of used the jelly too ... 
Saw the Lightning theif , not bad , wife says book is better though . 
Monday afternoon , I finally get to see the Wolfman ! 
Let's see who is paying attention .... Every single one of you are on my friend list as a result of a conscious decision . I am not only glad to count you as friends but also as family ! Let's see who in my Friend's List actually pays attention . Copy and repost this in your own bulletin . You can't choose ... family BUT YOU CAN CHOOSE YOUR FRIENDS 
' Appy St. Paddy's Day ! 
A true friend doesn't care if you're broke as a joke , your house is a mess , or your family is filled with crazies ... they love you for who you are . A true friend can go long periods of time without speaking and never question their friendship . REPOST if you are lucky enough to have at least one .... true friend :) 
True friends can go long periods of time \ 
withoutspeaking and never question their friendship , and pick up like \ 
they just spoke yesterday , regardless of how long it's been ...... REPOST \ 
if you are lucky enough to have at least one ...... 
Game stop now is offering prerelease orders for DC Universe online !!!! Don't know which version to get . Hero , Villian , Collecter's ? oh why won't Sony tell us what is in each box ?!? 
Let us have a moment of silence for the men and women of our armed forces and those who fought in the resistance for the allies in our wars ..... peace be upon you ... 
upset that Australia got their collective butts whooped by Germany ... 
is throughly excited that DCUO is coming out soon ! 
happy father's day to one and all 
thaks to everyone who rembemered my birthday ! 
My boss picked me up a \the wild Wests\ " falsh graphic novel while he was in Italy ! How cool is that ! " 
to all my pokepets cohorts , i need yo to send me a werewolf chewing bone please ! 
OK superpoke pet people , addemduim- werewolf chewing bone and werewolf tracks , please ! beg beg beg 
looking forward to the Fourthfor what it truly means , just not the noise .... 
Is pissed ... I SHOULD BE AT THE RALLY IN WASHINGTON D.C. RIGHT NOW ! 
DANG , I wish i knew that he was going to stream this on facebook . I would have been here when it started ... 
Four Oaks , North < PROPFEMALE > 
All Men are created equal , but your attitude is what divides you . 
the next < PROPFIRST > |Washington may be female as well 
Blessed be to all 
woth all thouse faiths here , God had to hear ... 
she's gotten heavier 
( flag waving ) 
|I hoe they stream this later ... 
( hope ) 
I think it's funny the Jsus sucks hard statements have one key word .. Arguably ! 
he will have to Answer to the Big Guy 
Remember all , Pay this day forward ! | ! | ! | ! | ! 
for once in my life i am going to watch and tap something on C-Span ! 
I thank all those from other countries who watched today ! 
Can't find it on C = span prog . for tonight or Mon 
Wish\ 
heaven had a phone so that I could hear your voice again ... I thought of\ 
you today , but that is nothing new . I thought about you yesterday , and \ 
days before that too . I think of you in silence , I often speak your \ 
name . All I have are memories and a picture in a frame . Re-post this if \ 
you have someone in heaven that you miss 
is wreaked that he now has to wait till march 31st of 2011 to get his hands on DC universe online .... Damn delays ! >:( 
wants to do some serious damage to whoever at corporate thought that tesseracts were real ... ' cause we sure don't have space to put all this crap they sent us .... 
Bunny\ 
Scheider Crawford Troops go without the proper equipment ... Homeless go \ 
without eating ... Elderly go without needed medicines ... Mentally ill go \ 
without treatment ... Yet we donate millions of dollars to other \ 
countries before helping our own first !!! 99% of people on facebook \ 
won't have the guts to re-post 
still hating on corporate today . The logistics dept . obviously believes that you can tear down a display , add extenders , and rebuild a display x 6 , if you don't know that that is what you're suppose to do .... 
Happy 10/10/10 all ! 
\Little girls it seems to say 
I want to thank all my frontierville neighbors for their help . 
I think the Raiders are on something , or < PROPMALE > is ... Broncos are getting ready to be school lunches ! 
Happy Samhain , everyone ! 
need just 3 more bobbin apples on frontierville ... thanks to all who helped 
grats to the Gaints fans ! now if the Cubbies can finally win one1 
I hate when newscasters call a win for a candidate when only 10% of the vote is in .... 
3\ 
years old : my mom is the best ! 7 years old : Mom I love you . 10 years \ 
old : Mom whatever ... 17 years old : OMG my mom is so annoying . 18 years \ 
old : I wanna leave this house . 35 years old : I wanna go back to my mom's\ 
house . 50 years old : I don't wanna lose my mom . 70 years old : I would \ 
give up everything for my mom to be here with me . Post this on your wall\ 
if you appreciate your Mom 
is wondering if they will move my jr. high to my soon to be gone high school .... 
is craving Philippino food like we had back home ..... 
happy turkey day everyone ! 
time 4 pimp'in pie ! 
Wolfpack time in 15 mins ! < PROPFEMALE > , is Pimento ready ? I know < PROPMALE > is ready .... 
GO PACK ! 
WOLF PACK SCORES !!!!! 
WOLFPACK SCORES !! 
I LOVE THE FACT THAT THE SEMEN-OLES ARE HATING THIS ! 
score !!! finally 
noooooo !!!!!!!!!! 
it's over .... :'( 
if we some how even tie this with just over a minute , I'll never doubt state again .... 
that last call sucked ... that was not a first down ! 
dinosaucers ! 
Snow is God's dandruff :D 
sweet Indy victory ! 
to all my friends : YOU'RE ALL DORKS !!!!..... AND I WOULDN'T HAVE IT ANY OTHER WAY !!! ;D 
My family can use all the prayers we can get , as my uncle < PROPMALE > is in the hospital for serious problems ... 
Greatest man in History : Jesus , had no servants , yet they called Him Master ; had no degree , yet they called Him Teacher ; had no medicines , yet they called Him Healer ; had no army , yet kings feared Him ; won no military battles , yet He conquered the world ; committed no crime , yet they crucified Him ... He was buried in a tomb , yet He lives today . Re-post if you believe in your heart He is the reason for the season . 
To all my mates and family , I love you all and have a < PROPFEMALE > Christmas , Happy Birthday ( to < PROPFEMALE > , still only get one set of presents a year , haha , <3 ) , and Happy New Year ! 
So , my wife attempts to go to work this morn , starts to turn out the drive way , and slides into the ditch across the street . tried to get a tow truck and couldn't get one , so we will try again tomorrow ... 
Is heartbroken upon learning of his Uncle's diagnosis .... </3 
I took the AD&D Stats Quiz and got these stats :\ 
STR : 7\ 
INT : 13\ 
WIS : 12\ 
DEX : 10\ 
CON : 7\ 
CHR : 11\ 
Take the quiz yourself at http://www.KevinHaw.com/add_quiz.php 
A cancer patient only has one wish , to get better . I know that 97% of you won't post this as your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do . In honor of someone who died or is fighting cancer post this for at least one hour ! 
so it's Green Bay vs . ???? for Superbowl ... 
now praying for Steelers to win tonight for a Steelers / Packers Superbowl ! 
to those who don't know , but care , my Uncle < PROPFIRST > went to his great reward this morning . grieve not for him , but for those whose lives he touched , and know that we are grateful for the kindness and love he had shown us and will always hold that in our hearts ... <3 you , Uncle < PROPMALE > ! 
Laid my Uncle < PROPMALE > to rest today , hurt like hell , especially TAPS , but got to be with family , and got to help one of the best women I will ever know in this lifetime , My Aunt Linder ! I love you all ! 
ASKING IF EVERYONE COULD PLEASE PUT THIS AS YOUR STATUS FOR ONE HOUR . IF YOU OR SOMEONE YOU LOVE HAS OR HAD CANCER . MY HOPE IS THAT IN 2011 A CURE WILL BE FOUND . WILL YOU POST IT ? JUST ONE HOUR . DO IT FOR ALL OF US IN MEMORY OF TOO MANY TO MENTION AND IN HONOR OF ALL FIGHTING IT ! I HOPE TO SEE THIS ON ALL STATUS TODAY 
for what we lost , for what we gained , knowing life won't be the same . a single tear , a mournful sigh , not wanting to say goodbye . knowing you're home , not alone , not in that box below the sun , below the stone . original by me for you , uncle < PROPMALE > . <3 u and miss u . 
OK , Facebook friends , comment on this status about how you met me . But , I want you to LIE . That's right . JUST MAKE STUFF UP . After you comment , copy this to your status so I can do the same . 
game ain't over yet , y'all! 
please just start the game already .... :P 
even though I was rooting for the Steelers , I'm happy for < PROPFIRST > Woodson and < PROPFIRST > Driver . 
