Has gotten more spam these two months on facebook than the whole rest of her life combined . Srsly . 

tilted her head back into its proper orientation and made her way to the bars in the manner of a gorilla practicing high speed butoh . I needed to make someone laugh at that moment ... 
is excited about < PROPFEMALE > Wars : THE Old Republic , a game she will never be able to play because she will never own a computer that it will run smoothly on . 
wants to know just what exactly she is waiting for . 
Goffman , will you talk straight for just two pages ? She can't think when you force her to think . Honestly ... 
Is done reading Goffman ! * howls * He finally started getting easily intelligible near the end there ... She wonders if this is because he was actually making more sense or because her brain expanded a little bit , but is too busy avoiding all thought of him 
went walking two < PROPMALE > barefoot at dusk and managed not to step on anything after finding a hole in her shoe , came within twelve feet of a raccoon the size of a border collie , and was long-distance serenaded by a group of five to eight suburban coyotes . S 
Power Rangers to English Trigun , Bleach and Wolf's Rain crossovers with < PROPFIRST > Young Bosh are not even remotely funny ... so why can she not stop laughing ? 
just watched Shatner's version of ' Rocketman ' on youtube . Is thinking the theatre people should do some such . * Do you know where your next monologue is coming from ? * 
Is going to Big Basin and up the coast of Oregon , possibly the most beautiful drive in the entire country , for the next six days . See yah ! Anyone needing solace or companionship until then should instead go read SilentReaper's \Matsuda's Rant\ " Death Note " 
wishes she were swirly-fast and a bit less sane at the moment . 
wants macaroni , but all she finds in the cabinet is powdered milk and alcohol . She realizes that this would not be a problem for some of her friends , and feels strange because of it . 
wants to see a really good AMV set to Pink < PROPMALE>'s ' Brain Damage ' and ' Eclipse ' hopefully based off the character fan-named ' Shirosaki ' from Bleach particularly after the second fight with Ulquiorra is animated or maybe she should just get a life ... ... or /maybe ... / Who wants to teach me how to make AMVs ? You know , when we have \time . \"" 
is obsessed , but glad to be going back to a place where the lack of time and internet will force her to be useful . 
Waahwagowagoresmeth , waahwagowagogoffman , waahwagowagolabwriteup ... and more robotical , according to the MBTI , than she thought herself to be . 
wishes for citrus . Non-sitting-out-cut-in-Glad-bins-for-several-days-citrus . And un-sauced sliced string beans and water chestnuts . Oooh , and carrot sticks ! 
has finished her mock research proposal ! Now on to stereotypes , then back to Goffman . 0_o 
didn't get excited about the new crew patches she designed until 11:30 , an hour after she wanted to be asleep . Now she can't stop making excited little noises about them , and may be up til 3 for no good reason again . 
No one should die because they cannot afford health care , and no one should go broke because they get sick . We are only as strong as the weakest among us . If you agree , please post this as your status for the rest of the day . 
Goffman goffman goffman goffman goffman ... 
Back to Goffman ! 
is done with Goffman . Forever . You sensically crazy Canadian ... sociologist . I hate you . I have just cleared you out of my bag , so guess what ? I don't have to < PROPFEMALE > you around anymore ! Neener neener nee-ner ! 
did well enough on her evil paper of Goffman and not sleeping on the weekend to bring her grade in social psych up to a B- ! She SO thought she was going to fail that class . Now she will not sleep because of Bard-a-thon . Yay , immune system abuse ! 
at the Bard-a-Thon , has begun to realize that she does not smell too good . 45 hours in , 67 hours since Friday morning , and a total of 2.5 hours of sleep since . Still no hallucinations . Shall try harder next year . 
now has a passport of officialness . 
is ssoooooo ready for strike day . 
Strike day officially starts in three hours and 21 minutes . Squeeee ! 
has an awesome mask . 
Is so glad her outside of school responsibilities are ended ! Now she can focus on bringing up her biopsych grade . 
Madness ? This is CITRUS !!!! 
shuttle cancelled . She asked < PROPFIRST > to drive her . The weather turned too nasty . She got her flight cancelled and wandered through snow 2 days trying to find options . After several failed solutions she agreed to fly back home . Monday at 10:30 she found her shuttle had left at 9:30 instead of 12:30 . She ran to < PROPMALE > , was saved by < PROPFEMALE > who took her to < PROPFEMALE > who drove her to the airport just in time for her newest flight . 
is back in the country , at school . 
has more Mafia Wars requests than she can possibly get to . You guys DID know I would be gone for two weeks , right ? 
Still hasn't seen Avatar 
is astonished ; Scoville has a facebook < PROPFEMALE > ! Why didn't she know this before ? 
needs some Bear McCreary and Apocalyptica on her mp3 . 
spent two hours looking at bumper stickers instead of sleeping . Bad < PROPFIRST > ! 
is having an emo moment/hour/day . 
just watched Nausicaa with a bunch of BFA guys . How strange is that ? 
@ 12:38 am tonight , < PROPFIRST > Kobyluk's phone finally lost its two year stuggle against obselescence . The screen , while still completely intact , no longer shows any picture at all . She can still call people who's #s she has memorized ( not very many ) and listen to messages , although she can't tell whether or not she has messages to listen to . Anything else , including using her alarm clock , is now impossible . 
Here's a doctor , there's a doctor , and another little doctor , fuzzy doctor , funny doctor , doctor doctor < PROPFIRST > . Doctor doctor Chula doctor , Master pig banana doctor , doctor doctor Dalek doctor , doctor doctor < PROPFIRST > . I was once a spaceship , my mum's a trampoline , cheetahs like to kill for fun , ice warriors are green . < PROPFIRST>'s been dead a while now , but he's still got a date , listen to the dalek force as they EXTERMINATE ! 
Never is thinkings of grammar again after this day : Happiness !!!!!! 
still has time to fix all of this , technically . 
Restraint induced therapy can teach you to write with your left hand and hydrogen cars are explosives on wheels : things < PROPFIRST > reads in the course of cleaning her room for the first time in a year . 
is going home , where she will get her cell phone fixed and her catahoula fix . 
realized on the plane ride home that although she had alluded quite specifically to which edition of the play she had used in her paper , she did not actually remember to attach a works cited < PROPFEMALE > . Will this mean a zero for the assignment ? Will she pass Shakespeare , or will she have to give up her second < PROPMALE > ? 
just watched Dead Again , a very disturbing , very amusing movie about reincarnation and hypnotism . 
just had the most terrible creative shower meditation idea ever , and simply must write it down before it stops being funny . 
presents Taking Awesome Representations Down Into School : Parody ( TARDIS :P ) , starring < PROPFIRST > Tennant as the Doctor * looks urgently at the camera , as if-* < PROPFIRST > Simm as the Master * taps out a rythm of four while somehow managing to look both bored and anxious * and Rowan Atkinson as the Bachelor * smirks suggestively . * 
spent the day at ye olde Maker Faire . 
had a dream last night about unclogging a toilet in which Crutchfield complemented her on her ability to run in small circles . 
had a firefly land on her throat tonight . 
is having trouble with words today . Fresh/Soph < PROPFIRST > asked her if her light had a safety clamp ( meaning cable ) and she almost responded that yes , she /was/ in the mood for free doughnuts . 
wishes that the Youth of Unity had left some of their Doritos in the lobby . 
That McGann movie was flippin ' bizarre . 
just vaccuumed the auditorium . \ 
Yes , at midnigh t-t hirty . \ 
Yes , barefoot . \ 
Yes , I know you didn't ask about my feet . \ 
Yay for open summer work schedules ! 
wants to get mildly drunk and have a random conversation with someone . 
just can't handle recreational mathmatics OR bananas . 
realized not too long ago that , were it not for the < PROPMALE > Potter books , she might never have known what was meant by the word \snog . \ " \ 
just found out that < PROPMALE > Gaiman is the writer for one of next season's Doctor Who episodes ! 
I found this . It was weird . Still is ... \ 
enjoy it : http://somehedgehog.livejournal.com/245807.html 
started reading the first in a long line of next semester's texts this morning . She doesn't want a repeat of last term's procrastination fiasco . 
climbed the stacks today . At first she thought , /this is good . This is what I've been needing to do in my life , / but then that started off some sort of existential melt cycle . I'm going to graduate in a terribly short amount of time . What do I have to show for it ? Two majors ( hopefully ) , a minor , and somewhere around 120 service hours . What happened to all of those things I wanted to learn and do ?! 
is the proud new owner of a medium-sized box of Q-tips . Ahh , luxury . 
feels utterly and completely competent ! Getting a full night's sleep must've helped . 
' s cerebullum has apparently learned the number of steps to the tech booth without her noticing . This means that it is no longer a matter of seeing in the dark . She will have to look to less familiar obsticles in the future in order to improve her darkvision . 
The metal platfroms have been moved , and are no longer in the theatre . Hooray ! 
We are worshipers of Chaos not in the entropic sense but the randomystic . \ 
This means that we do not worry about the grammar in the previous sentence . 
Unfortunately , the side of beef seems to have been one of the items which perished in the flood . 
decided to spend her free time during Staff Week watching the mindscrew that is < PROPFEMALE > for the first time . 
needs people to come help her pick out items for Midnight Madness tomorrow ( Tuesday ) from 10am to 2pm and 8:30 pm to 11pm . Hale ? Harper ? Anyone else who's interested ? 
hates grand pianos , along with all human beings who are not currently brimming with excited enthusiasm . ( Or who would be if they weren't asleep ) This is not to say she /likes/ those people ; it's just harder to stay mad at them . 
needs to be awake again in five hours . 
feels better now . 
will now drink copious amounts of carbonated bone-killer from Shakespeareshead before cleaning the lobby and auditorium and carrying a bunch of stuff downstairs to one of the many CDs entitled \random mix . \ " \ 
just had her first ever remembered nightmare about losing her teeth . What does that mean again ? 
is really enjoying her new classes , except for the seniory one which elicits an anxiety response . 
misses the guys . And Kat . And non-busy < PROPFEMALE > . 
' s right foot is bewailing abuse . 
Is now going to ride the bus ! Current Bard-a-Thon awake count , 8 hours 43 minutes , and the plays haven't even started ... 
Accidentally fell asleep during about one and a half of the early scenes in which she had no lines ( less than ten minutes , anyway ) . Ignoring this , the current Bard-a-Thon awake count is 30 hours , 14 minutes . 
is almost not sick anymore , and planning to help with strike . 
Alas , I have missed your call ... & c . 
Abra's < PROPFIRST > Smart cat poem was the best poem ever . \Jubilate Agno\ " : a welcome reward for finding out what the heck free-choice recognition was . " 
is back in California , where political problems are apparently brewing . 
likes Scottish chickens . 
\I believe it is time for a little defenestration .. \ 
Finally figured out how to make her profile picture a pokemon ! ... Now that it is no longer relevant . Awnyway , thanks < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Is anyone else having that problem where you type something in the comment bar but it doesn't scroll down , so you essentially have to guess at what you've written so far ? My spelling errors have increased ... 
So , who is this handsome young man you're playing chess with today ? 
Just checked out and checked her email to find no nasty shuttle surprises . Fingers crossed for an uneventful trip home . 
What is that mysterious ticking noise ? 
Which you ought to know I can’t explain by now , because when it comes to expressing myself , my reading vocabulary is promptly bisected , then decimated , which , if you were counting , means that I now have 45% of my former mouth noises . 
just had < PROPFIRST > Capps saw her hair off with a pair of scissors . Rehearsal , Bannerman , shower , touch-up , pre-lab , sleep . 
ear canal infection = better than inner ear infection . Less hurty . Yay . 
I don't think I'm thinking what you think I'm thinking . Then again , I could be thinking exactly what you think I'm thinking ... but if you think I'd think you thought I thought about a polar bear scuba diving- Well , I likely just made you think about just that . So nevermind . 
just had her head shaved by < PROPFIRST > Willey . With < PROPFEMALE > Gillum's buzz razor thing . In < PROPMALE > Baker's scene shop . It feels so good . 
I'll < PROPMALE > you through the yard and all through the house in-to the dark / Oh I-I / wanna steal your hea-art / and eat your brains . 
\Well of course I'm superior to all of you . I'm also not real . \"" 
New episodes of Sanctuary on April 15 ! Squeeeeeee ! 
