blank empty spaces known as the abyss . 

IM BORED ! 11 !!!! 1 ! well ... 
... who < PROPFIRST > on my truck you failures ????? Damn seniors ... A Gentleman Does NOT .. 
Happy halloween !!!!! and homecomeing was kewl . 
im bored 
BATMAN !!!! 
wish < PROPFEMALE > haird grow back out already ... i liekd it longer ... lol 
back from peanut festival . was fun . am tired . gnite 
Alabama beat lsu . hate on losers 
Back from dathan w/ my family and < PROPFEMALE > .. had fun . and mariachi bands . nuff said 
Dear God , please find it in your power to cause that big FCAT delivery truck to crash , and hurl the driver out of it unharmed , and let the truck blow up and burn ? and burn a bit more ? lol 
so .. my parents have me clean around the house all day .. thaen what do they use as an excuse for not letting me go somewhere ? i need \rest\ " so i can \ " get better\ " ... and they havent even bothered to ask how i feel today .. anyone else see the hypocrisy ? " 
hah . 
hmmm ... goin to dothan w/ < PROPFIRST > an < PROPMALE > . look at prom stoofz . coolz . 
im bored . 
Shattering the skies above ... FACEBOOK IS GETTING ON MY LAST NERVE !!!!!!! IM OUT BROS ( and broettes haha ) 
Add As Midnight Burns , new band . On facebook . Check it 
Well , Ima lay it strait up . just got in a wreck , kinda hurtin , yeah ... not cool ... 
Practice was freakin amazing lol . love my friends hahahaa 
When I stop arguing , it doesn't mean you've won , it means that I don't want to listen to your stupid ass anymore .. 
I don't get it haha . I'm totally lost . But its ok :p 
I like music . \ 
But I prefer my music with screaming soloes , furious riffs , and blasting double bass . \ 
Metal is awesome . There was no point in this , I'm bored . But schools almost over , which is great . haha 
Mors Principium Est . Words to live by in every way , also an awesome band . 
Kinda hope I get to see < PROPFIRST > today .. I haven't seen her in wayyy too long :( . 
Or not . Lol . Least I get to chill w/ my friendz 
What the hell . That's a good description of my thought . What the hell . Just What the HELL ????.. >.< .. 
Summer assignments . Righhttttt .... I'll get right on those :D . But . Not right now . Lol 
.... I really , really , am getting tired of this .. 
To the invitation to my ap lit class prep thingy .. HELL NO !! Have you lost your Mind ??? I need the time to finish ( start and finish ) my assignments ! Lol 
I love being lied to . It give me this warm fuzzy feeling , like lead boiling in my veins .. If you're gonna go back on < PROPFEMALE > word , id rather have naught to do w/ u . 
On top of my amazingly short three hours of sleep , I'm already having to put up with the idiotic administration of Graceville High . Yay !!! But hopefully I'll get to see < PROPFIRST > today ? lol . 
Maybe instead of being such hypocrites and throwing all the blame on me , grow up and look in on yourselves . I hope you see what I do .. its not pretty ..... 
Teaching myself math from an economics book . It sucks . I'm bad enough at it already lol . Then you gotta have these weird percentages ... >.< 
Blahhh ... I really REALLY miss < PROPFIRST > .. I wanna see her tomorrow .. even tho I prolly can't . :/ . 
Sittin here listenin to Led Zep , ZZ Top , Def Lep , an bands like that . Thinkin . Bored . 
I think that you and your mistrust ( as well as judgmental mindest and hypocritical assumptions ) can rot in hell . Because I want no part of it . 
\How was your day ? \ " \ " A hell of a lot better before I called you . Thanks . \ " I'm sick of this . " 
What is your problem ? Are you simply stupid ?? As many times as I tell you this and you STILL don't get it .. get over yourselves already . 
Well .. I think I have nothing left to lose ... yay . 
Bonfire at my place pplz . Right now ! U dunno where it is my # is 8505736526 . Hit it up I'll let u kno 
F you narcissistic bitch ?? 
blahblahblahblah 
Some people are probably gonna get pissed at me for saying this . Too bad . I'm sick of everything being about you . No matter what , its always worse for you . Why do you think i won't talk to you .. you never listen . 
Ahh .. I do love metal , but lately I've been gettin back at my roots . Rush , Led Zepp , Ratt , < PROPFEMALE > Hatchet , n Mötley Crüe . Stairway to Heaven anyone ?? 
Oddly enough , I still find the very thought of you revolting . 
There's some fights you just can't win . The thing is , I've never been in that situation . So I'm not gonna start now lol . 
You ain't worthy of lickin dog shit off the bottom of my boots . Ya kno who you are ;) . And .. beach tomorro lol . Shark fishin for the win . 
Normality is a perception . Every judgement passed is also . What you percieve is just that . Perception depends on experience . And I percieve you dont know shit . 
Among creatures born into chaos , a majority will imagine an order , a minority will question the order , and the rest will be pronounced insane . Haha 
Oh damn you vile financial problems . >.< . And sucker punch . Wow . Just wow . Words can't describe . My brain melted o.O 
Wellp .. time to get off my ass and give myself a reason to remember spring break 
Here's for the times we have nothing to do , so we just slow down and take the time to enjoy the simplicity of life . Philosophy for the win . 
Why do people use a Q instead of a G ? It seems insanely ignorant . And uhh .. Look ! A distraction !! Haha 
The only bad thing about turning 18 ? I can't put a couple of punk asses in their place without them starting something . And God knows they don't have the balls . 
Thanks for all the happy birthdays evryone :) . Lol . now to find a job o.O \ " , 2011-04-04 18:33:25 " 
So , bad weather , no school , and helping people w/ the damage it caused . All in all , a good days work . :D 
