happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy so glad i found you again <3 

I will wait for you .. till the end of my life , not the end of time no one can do that haha - one of my songs 
????????? i ??????????????????? ? 
YOU §UCK æsshole ! 1 
First Farrah .... then Michael .... then < PROPFIRST > Mays ... WHOSE NEXT ? HASSELHOFF !?! 
is out hunting with dog 
is * ***** *** ***** **** 
out hunting with doggy agen 
k back 
be right back , i got a crossbow :D 
Changeing happens everyday switching and redoing but what ive changed into isnt some < PROPFEMALE > ng I like or any < PROPFEMALE > ng who I am I keep acting like I do withought < PROPFEMALE > nking life is seriously confuseing and all the grade 8s are anxious to go to High school yay all < PROPFEMALE > 
< PROPFIRST > Ancion sez : dude get a better fucking pictures omg you look like freaking satan 
hoo hah ! hoo-hah ! na na na na na na na na na na na ! 
wglqiuhfqWFEOIJWRMFIlwenoivwin !!!! 
if u read this ur a doody head 
< PROPFEMALE > schoop .... haz my kids . lol jk 
ima be back in one , two , eight hours 
lolwut 
buy me things 
has a purebred miniature dachsund puppy adn stuf 
oh wait a bike too 
lol 
i killed < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > with a roundhouse kick 
I FINALLY GOT THE HORDE ALBUM I WAS WAITING AND BEGGIN PPL FOR MONEY FOR !! WOO 
O ? o /¯/___________________________ | BLAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH \\_\\¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯ 
te amo con el calor de mil soles <3 
chillin in your sweat pants , hair tight with no makeup on , that's when your the prettiest i hope that you dont take it wrong ! ;D 
¡cuá < PROPFEMALE > s son usted que hace , < PROPFEMALE > necesito aquí ! 
? 
?, Liebe , amor , love , <3 ! 
??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????? 
AAAGH 
iif you watch wrestling on TV , it looks fake , and if you actually go to one , it looks faker . you can tell at least some of those thingies are missed and they're not actually fighting . no one fights that slow or takes precious butt-kicking time to scream i 
I hate makeup be cause it makes women feel weak if they dont use it . medical things like acne cream i can understand , but cosmetics are unneeded . look , wominz , u dnt need tat stuf k ? u l@ @K bootiful w/o it . < /smart > 
I'm going to make a song about < PROPFIRST > Westerfield ... * note to self * 
while i played super smash bros . brawl , i grew tired of link and now play as sheik/zelda . all of you people who say i sucked because i played as link dont realize the level of mastery i had with him.so, everyone that played me onloine before and say i sti 
i just saw 2fast 2furious , step brothers , role models , and quarantine . 
?????? • ???????????? ¶§ ?????????? ? Ç¢£¥ ? ƒªº¿ ? ¬½¼¡«» ????????????????????????????????????????????????? ß ???? µ ?????????? ± ???? ÷ ? ° ? · ?? ² ? if you wanna learn how to do these , contact me . 
†Adam† 
two weeks until my xbox 360 is repaired and sent back . FML 
watched criss angel just now . i saw how it was fake . 
MEH 
i need to stop listening to metal . 
finished reading \night\ " . gonna read half of \ " the alchemist\ " today . " 
ANYONE WHO HAS UNO .... YES YOU TO KATA ... GO ON THE LOBBY 
Im so pissed right now . my xbox 360 came in early , and its broken the day after i used it . 
FRESHMAN !!!! HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAH 
NOW THAT EVERYONE HAD ALL THEIR CLASSES , HOW MANY JERKS DO U HAVE AS TEACHERS ? 
WHATS EVERYBODIES LUNCH ODD/EVEN 
dad keeps runing my < PROPFIRST > . its like when he talks i get angry . 
I HATE THE RADIO !!! HEAVY ROTATION MAKE ME WANT TO VOMIT !!!! AAAAAAAAAAAGH !!!!! 
LAST NIGHTS GAME WAS STR8 ... < PROPMALE > CHOSE NOT TO GO AND THA BAND TOO .. THEY WON IN FOOTBALL BUT WE SHOWED THEY BAND WE WERE BETTER THEY ONLY HAD LIKE 4 CADENCES AND WE HAD LIKE 20 
NOT EVEN A MONTH AFTER I GET THIS **** XBOX BACK IT **** ING BREAKS AGAIN !!! I WASNT EVEN THERE TO FIND OUT I DIDNT TOUCH IT THIS WHOLE WEEKEND 
LOL MSN IS EPIC FAILING !! 
i see u guys like to pass me on farmville ... well im back so ur gonna have trouble with that . 
i had to leave school at 10:20 . i pulled three muscles in my neck . it's painful D: 
lol im good now 
my birthday is tommorow .. who forgot 
the only people who said happy birthday were two of my friends in canada and one here . thanks guys . 
BOUT TO START A RIP SESSION 
aaaaah !!! 
http://kevan.org/brain.cgi?blecch 
i just noticed i dont have a friend that i < PROPFEMALE > out with after school . any takers ? :D 
ima start another rip session cuz im mad at what this one furry wants to say about me 
i knew women were complicated as stuff but when you lead someone on like that .. like , wow 
Depression > : C 
super psycho sweet sixteen is lulzy not scary 
las bombas elegantes son mudas ;D 
reading plus is ghey 
who knows that they dont show the < PROPMALE > parts of africa , only the rare places where starvation is ? 
> : C 
< PROPFIRST > Mays is a pimp . 
@giada godinado 
AAAAH ! 
I WILL MURDER U FURRIES !!!!! 
me and Duke Petitisse killed a zombie 
officially starting a band . needs ppls who can play stuffs . 
I MADE A SONG LOLZ !! it has no vocals and no other ppl in it , and its demo-y but its the first song i made thats more than 16 seconds long . who wants it ?!?! 
people died on the day you were born . 
if we ban the words ' gay ' and ' retarded ' , those groups will be getting better treatment than the rest of us . the words nigger , cracker , wetback , and the like haven't been banned . 
I WILL BE COMPLETELY HONEST FOR 24 HOURS ... You can ask me 1 question ( only in my INBOX . ) Any question , no matter how crazy , sinister , personal it is . There is no ulterior motive , You have my FULL honest : put this text on your status and see what questions you get . 
Ms. < PROPFEMALE > Kaplan passed away as of 5:00 this morning in her sleep . < PROPMALE > Givans Chazz Hill < PROPMALE > Colon < PROPFIRST > Palacios < PROPMALE > Feliciano 
i don't remember what i was gonna say , it was gonna be something lulzy tho . o , and lul means penis in dutch . 
oiubhpibouh09-0j0h 
lukyfjyyvliyyo0[-yt8dobl 
makin another song 
The sins of deliverance !! The eyes of the patriot , fixed through the scope .. the unknowing tyrant , walks to the roof .. it's when murder is justice that martyr's are made ! a one gun salute for the NEW INDEPENDENC DAY !! they'll hallow your name ! they'll hallow your name for your sacrifice !! 
Z ? A ? L ? G ? O 
???? ???? ? ' s ? n ? ??? i lied . 
WHAT IS BUBBLE TEA !!?? IT SOUNDS GOOD AND LOOKS GOOD 
i just heard one of whitechapels songs , they sound pretty BA 
the alk home with Jesus McCain , Frantz Simeon , and < PROPFIRST > Ancion was epic 
theres a friggin creepy dude talkin to me about electronics and im alone hes coming back in 16 minutes and i cant find my swiss army knife . 
Gimme yall gamertags 
yo no sé , < PROPFEMALE > es fresco , así que son javonka y < PROPFEMALE > . bouffy es clase de escalofriante , y < PROPFEMALE > es imposible . hahahhahahaha SPANISH PWNAGE 
Nostalgia 
Getting my hair braided . it looks cool 
that hurt like FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK 
mah boi , mah boi , enough !, mah boi 
We Out To Chuckie Cheese 
Only Wiz album I like is Show and Prove , after that the kid sold out . \ 
#IAintLyin ! 
Okay , my awards for best REAL hair go to Escarly < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > Ferguson , < PROPFEMALE > Lewin , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , and .... uh ... me ? lol jk but the rest of yall got some shtwanky hair man . 
omg , i love girls with afros hahaha 
- on my mobile with eBuddy www.ebuddy.com/android 
All is right with the world .. 
its not how i thought it was . oh well 
hey guys , 
ANYONE IN BAND KNOW CIDEL'S NUMBER ?? I NEED IT REALLY QUICK 
SCARED 
Mad props to Zhang Xuping . 
Ladies , don't try to look like the girl in the magazine . They don't even look like that . 
i forgot wat i was gonna say 
a goofy , funny , crazii , outgoing , loving person ! a guy with this name is amazing . he is adorable and caring person . he will always be there for you . he might have the nicknamegoober . he can make you laugh no matter what , even if ur having the worst day ever . some people may call him weird or strange , but if he wasnt all of those things then he wouldn't be him . he is a remarkable person , trustworthy , and an awesome friend . 
jkbhvgfc 
A.T.M. 
you all suck , im goin to bed 
I Hate Alzheimer's . It has my Great-Grandmother in a deep hold . she's an entirely different person , and i miss how she used to be . 
im to lazy to tag u guys .. chemistry ppl with dr buncher , namely < PROPMALE > Kreisberg , my dad wants me to find some stuff about the test . help me out ? 
Do We Not Bleed The Same ? 
We've become so entangled in sybolism and metaphors and norms that we forget what we actually want , in a non-specific view . Like human lust and the many taboos and symbols associated with it . 
i met a cool , non-racist , KKK member . Turns out the ones we know are the rougue KKK people , the other ones believe in the preservation of the white race , but also believe in equality of all races . 
????? ?????? ??????? ?? ????!!! 
Me an < PROPFIRST > Juju Rivera about to start a rap group , u got skills , hit us up 
i sorta rescued an injured blue < PROPFIRST > . it can't fly , i think it's spine is injured . it's very depressing right now but ima try to feed it and give it water and all that . 
The bird died . it wouldn't eat or drink , but i feel better that it doesn't have to suffer . 
SLEEP , KYD SYQ AND JUJU BOUT TO RIP IT 
It's hot a Funafuti outside . Funafuti isn't even a word . 
All of my old dude friends are takin the newest females 
Text it : 202-709-8995 
i forgot what i was gonna put . 
FINNA GET A.P.B. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 1 
I love bubble tea . P.S. Don't let @ < PROPFEMALE > brutus become an anesthesiologist , she'll kill people . She's already talking about a company where they can < PROPFEMALE > for deaths . 
I love bubble tea . P.S. Don't let < PROPFEMALE > Brutus become an anesthesiologist , she'll kill people . She's already talking about a company where they can't < PROPFEMALE > for deaths . 
uggh i feel like crap .. 
lol at my display pic 
I hate that weird feeling when a group of people try to exclude you , and you end up looking like a punk to get back in their graces , and then you revise over how stupid you looked , turn shy , and end up subconsciously leaving that group anyway . 
The worst irony for me is the fact that i'm fighting the return of my shy ways , which is what's turning me back . I wish I could stop , but I can't tell myself to 
I hate when conversations ( especially text ) end in a question . It's weeird ! 
Hip Hop isn't dead . It went off the radar . Hit me up if u wanna explore the parts of Hip Hop Gangsta Rap didn't destroy . 
Meditation . 
Officially Lives By The Beach 
Through the disapproval of every elder gorrilla in the council , this is for the bear cub that hides his crotch in the event of being found by the occasional insane redneck . this is for the snakes allergic to their own poison . this is for that cat at my shows who always has prophetic opinions , but can't remember where his drink is . 
Partly cloudy with an increased < PROPMALE > of rain ... 
Here's a riddle for you guys : Stomach Full Of Halo Kibbles . 
I GOT THA EVO PHONE 
The primal use of a role model was to learn how to survive . Babies run about 15,000 synapses at a time , to analyze their parents . 
im bored so .. 
POKE if u < PROPFEMALE > hada crush on me LIKE this status if u think i'm fine INBOX if you everwanted a relationship with me ... lets see who brave enough to repostthis .. ;) 
< PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > just hacked your < PROPFEMALE > lol :p 
< PROPFEMALE > Brutus is mean , she wanna tell me i can't catch right after she got told she can't catch , I CAN CATCH !! and plus , u had like three pencils and AFTER i asked u and u said you didnt have any , u pulled three out ur bag and gave them to other ppl . I see how it is . 
ROFL ? 
Is definately down with the \Monk\ " vibe\ 
Why is it so many people don't know that there is a period after EVERY letter in acronyms . i see people put things like C.R.E.A.M and it's really C.R.E.A.M. 
??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????? 
The primal definition of a broken arm is that you were going to die . 
???? / ?????? 
My name is frikkin chinese . 
LOS LINKS !!! 
h3rp turp 
Being in a relationship with a psychologist , and you yourself being a psychologist , is a challenge . It's like you try to use what would normally be the unseen hand of the subconscious to ease or anger them , but THIS TIME , they see you trying to do that and they go AHA ! and that unseen hand is now lopped off . 
If u just had some special k cereal with some brown sugar , u can't be mad . 
We Out To GameStop 
people only say hip hop died because people who do gangsta rap claim their hip hop . hip hop is currently underground , and still retains most of what it used to be . People who dont rap for the money and actually write their own words . 
1:00 Is Philosophy Hour 
i haven't played tetris since about this time last year .. Faith < PROPFIRST > 
Me digo \gol\ " mas durante que " 
Me digo \gol\ " mas durante que el hombre < PROPMALE > telemundo " 
2:00 Is Boredom Hour 
3:00 Is Rehab To The Introverted Hour 
Eyy Bro 
The Corpse At The Shooting Gallery by < PROPFIRST > Budd 
I'm tired , but i can't sleep . 
GYM IS FUN AT 3 IN THE MORNING 
I just realized it looks like i have trick daddy braids because my hair is so curly the braids curl up . 
People don't understand that people dying is the natural maintenance of the population 
All media censorship is based either biblically or by their feelings . 
im gonna make a test for guys where i take a pic of all the girls ' backsides at school and we identify them by full name . 
You sound like the devil yourself , telling yourself everyone around you is going to hell . 
oovoo is gay 
I hate the fact fact i can learn how to do a certain scream by listening to it . Dang prodigal skills . Erron Felony 
tell me yallses ooVoos 
I now realize the fact i was pretty much a stalker in 9th grade has crippled my relationship with some people . 
I have come to the conclusion that i love everyone and everything with no discrimination . 
Bile is orange ... and bitter . 
SHABOIKEN !!! \ 
i'm better . 
\You're a Richard . \ " \ 
Don't mix lemons and milk . 
Anything you can do I can do random , I can do anything more random than you . 
Who knew rap was an acronym ?? \ 
R.A.P. is Rhythm And Poetry 
It's 2012 degrees . 
I'm on one of the bumpier roads to fully opening my thrid eye . 
it's only s ??????? tart ???????? ing . 
About to see what this all-famous 4chan is about . God protect me . 
My eyes ..... 
school is on the 23rd ?? YES 
Hyped off of that < PROPMALE > dodson auto tune thingmathing 
My Password Is Thirtysix . 
In the short trip to 4 < PROPFEMALE > , I had seen people cutting up actual people , pictures of someone setting a kitten on fire , and people eating poop . Never again . 
I don't appreciate this . I was content with believing that i didn't know enough to understand , or that i would never have to see what those people do , the crazy people my parents warned me of . My physical eyes are forced open and my spiritual eye is closing . 
Sexual Harassment Panda ! 
Addressing the ThinkB4USay thing , you're not gonna stop people form saying what they want , it's unconstitutional . Every race or group is fair game to make fun of , but they dont realize almost every race's title has a second meaning that is the stereotype , like that's so black , white , asian , gay , or mexican . 
We live 3rd period , don't know anybody in 1st . 
Why is everyones status a quote from a song they heard on the radio ? 
Radda RADDA !! YEEEAAAAAAH !! 
I said , RADDA RADDA !!!! 
Who steals babies ? seriously ? it's a baby ! bad kid ! 
I hate how i come on Facebook expectin like 60 notifications , when i didnt do anythin to get them in the first place . 
KROP BOYZ GO HARD IN DA PAINT BOY !! \ 
DLK GO HARD IN DA PAINT BOY !! \ 
LIGHTNING GO HARD IN DA PAINT BOY !!! \ 
DANCAS ... yeah they do stuff . 
She's a head case going after head cases ... 
ey bro 
i've become her confidant , bad move . 
arright then facebook 
I Got That < PROPMALE > Complex , C'mere Girl 
I LIKE YOU GUYS 
why did i like all of those statuses ? like if you know about the number six . 
DOUBLE RAINBOW ! SO INTENSE !! 
Sometimes , when i feel inspired by ol ' Bkob Craizg Dmoily , i like to answer questions with a \no\ " 
to < PROPFIRST > Rosemberg . I'm not wishing you a happy birthday . And < PROPFIRST > Momo Cotton , I like the fact you pretend you don't know me in the hallway , makin me look like a stalker or some shizz , you don't get a happy birthday , either . And < PROPFEMALE > Shannah , HAPPY BIRTHDAY !! 
The sky is not the limit stupid ! Have you heard of space travel ? 
Tryna freestyle , not working out that well . 
My biggest epiphany is my purpose . A strong thinker , a silent litigant . Cursed to try and maintain a balance , always thinking , reflecting . 
I Hate SitckyKeys . ?????? • ??. 
Who does a Facebook status at a party ? \ 
Dum ryte 
I forgot what I was gonna say . 
Ohyeah , nobody wants to give a ride to nobody no more . 
And then all that mental conditioning seems to have no effect at all 
To all the pompous statuses , SHUT UP 
im eating swedish fish and drinking water . Ironic Ryte ? 
You guys should definitely vote me for \best hair\ " lol " 
Guess what ? its six . like A BAWSS 
A anatomy 
i love sayin hi to people and not answering their questions , i hate forgetting what i was going to put as an original status 
PARTY AT MY HOUSE 
Furiously cleaned for a party two people are attending 
i woke up . wtf ? 
I love the people who said happy birthday at like , midnight 
TeeHee . 
To all you ppls saying happy birthday : Radda . 
Why is it of the day : Why is it the girls that like me i dont like , and the girls that dont like me , i think im in love with ? < PROPMALE > ' Javs ' Savary 
Why do i keep thinkin < PROPFEMALE > Boisette is online ? 
I have realized I'm not a motivated person . \ 
It's because I'm so caught up in deep thought , that I don't have extra energy . \ 
I need an outlet . 
I <3 Starving Artists 
If common sense isn't common , WHY DO YOU IDIOTS CALL IT COMMON SENSE !? Use some uncommon sense , people ! 
Show me the most beautiful woman in any motion picture\ 
and I'll show you a man who's tired of sleepin with her 
6+6+6 IS 18 , when you \become and adult\ " . \ 
Ever see someone who's depressed daily , and want them to find love ? Not you , but someone else ? 
I can never shake that serene , careless feeling I feel around her , I can't force myself to forget that intoxication of presence . 
Just got his Learner's permit . 
And yet .. she has me bound again , why is it she effortlessly keeps me following , after all this time ? No amount of thinking will help . 
The most common emotion for me is envy . I seem to pursue and get bored after capturing , despite the fervent efforts to receive . I see everyone elses good side , and none of mine . 
I just feel like addressing the fact that \Standing Out\ " is the new fitting in . You aren't different . " 
lol my mom took my statuses the wrong way . \ 
... OR DID SHE ??? 
ALRIGHT SERIOUSLY , like this status and i'll tell you my first and current impression on u 
is watching telemundo , hoping his laptop will fix itself 
Procrastination keeps me from observing the Sabbath . How religious am I in the first place ? 
If you say ' growing up ' , don't you dare use q's . q is NOT g . 
I can not take that she was seriously n 2 girls who said all of these boys down no we didn't 
we made of fool of an nmb's band and we only had a drumline they had a whole band 
we kill them on quads and basses I GOT THAT CHALLENGE AND I WON SON !!!! CAINT TOUCH ME ON THIS BASS BRUH ! 
Bored ? Come video chat with me at http://tinychat.com/sexiifacex3 
Tinychat time ! Click the link to come me - http://tinychat.com/sexiifacex3 
LOLWUT 
WEAVE MAKES YOU BALD LOL HOW IRONIC 
You can't look hard in a domo-kun hat . Oh , and just saw Lavar at publix lol 
That shakeweight garbage is a poorly-hidden porn reference . 
Anyone got super street fighter IV ? \ 
... Or a gamertag I haven't added ? 
Beauty is Pain , < PROPMALE > is Suffering . 
And all this music inside my head , keeps on playing in reverse , and I yell inside . Its so easy to get distracted ... 
I broke a bass drum head by playing . I feel like Tarzan . 
I think , people use overly hyperbolic words , to the point that words don't mean anything anymore . Words aren't taken as seriously anymore . 
Sore everywhere . Goshdang flu . 
Misses < PROPFEMALE > for some reason 
I have agreed with Jesus mccain that we are gonna be tag team philosophers in Russia , as we're gonna be as famous as Plato and Socrates . 
Me and my 7 year old brother just freestyled for a good 4 hours , and were still not done . THIS IS EPIC . 
Like this status and ill do that thingy with all the questions that describe u . ALSO LIKE IF U LIKE PIE 
Like this status if u read my statuses and find them amusing , but u don't do anything to it . 
My name Deshawndereshia and I support Snap Or Die !! 
All the days of the vow of his separation there shall no razor come upon his head : until the days be fulfilled , in the which he separateth himself unto the LORD , he shall be holy , and shall let the locks of the hair of his head grow . \ 
— < PROPFIRST > 6:5 , KJV 
Kobe would noob tube in that black ops commercial . 
I just challenged Busdriver/ to a fast rap battle , I don't understand the magnitude of what I just did . But its been a few days , I at least want him to respond . 
Really frustrated with this pattern I've noticed . Is it something I'm doing wrong ? I'm gonna change the circumstances , and watch the change . 
In Living Color is the funniest show i've seen in my life . 
HEY ... umm ... ask me questions , and stuff . 
Floccinaucinihilipilification . 
if y'all dont ask me questions in my inbox , i swea ima discombobulate a n*gga ! we use iambic pantameter distortion round hea ? EAST SIDE !!!! IN SIDE !!!! BOOYAKA !! WAKA !! 
Quick !!!! It's a snap or die cloud !!! RUN !!! 
I just can't bear to see her in this state . She's lost her mind , and she used to be one of the most wise and important people to me . I want to keep my ggod memories of her . 
Dimension 1 . Lines . 2 . Planes . 3 . Depth . 4 . Time . 5 . Decision and Probability . 6 . Present Tense Possibilities . 7 . Infiniti . 8 . Different Infinitis . 9 . Path Between Infinitis . 10 . All Possible Realities . 
LIKE THIS STATUS AND I'LL DESCRIBE YOU AND EXPLAIN WHY I WROTE THIS IN ALL CAPS 
Her beauty is its own color , her curves fulfill its every promise , I am without shrine when light bends to compliment her outline . 
U mad ? Yeah u mad . 
Dang ... 
Whatever . Still gonna keep my head up , Yall know < PROPFIRST > don't want us cryin !! 
I love my dwindling grandmother . I love my entire family . I love my friends . I love the strangers . I love Christians , atheists , I love you . 
ANYONE TRY AN POKE ME U GON GET POKED BACK WITHIN THE MINUTE MESS WIT ME WE GON HAVE A POKE WAR ON OUR HANDS 
My mama a hustla 
My Moms A Hustla 
These dudes in Indiana think I'm playin ! Tryin < PROPFEMALE > mess wit mah cuz u gon get patched up like a leaky pipe !! 
I want to sing , play percussion , and do philosophy at the same time . don't question it . 
I'm done . Got my venting , I'm done now . 
Spanish online class is rough , man ! 
I have found a few people who take the bible metaphorically instead of literally like I do . ( still theistically tho . ) \ 
OMFGI <3 UGUYS 
¿El pato estúpido dice qué ? 
Tryna start a poke war again . 
Finally figure out what it is i love so much . Cryptography . 
You Force Heaven To Be Empty . 
Poke war ? COME AT ME BRO 
AHA ! Sociolinguistics !! \ 
I love Philosophy , Psychology , Cryptography , and Sociolinguistics !! THE EPIPHANIES !!! HARBL !!! 
I love how adults say teenagers don't know anything about love or good music , when the love they describe , or the music they listen to is the same music from THEIR teen years . 
I Used To Be A Seaman , But I've Grown Up Since Then 
Got my brother decent . My mom yelled at me for a plate in the room , and she found his food on it . 
Let's make a couple hundred more pillars of false hope\ 
and give the < PROPMALE > man a thirteen-knotted < PROPFEMALE > rope . \ 
( Tryna rap allovasudden ) 
My brother has been using my laptop recently without permission , so if something weird happens on your statuses , he'll suffer . 
Has too many thoughts and emotions not to express them . I need to converse with a philosopher . 
solved 59 problems in 66.218 seconds with Brain Tuner , a fun math game for Android and iOS . Can you beat this time ? http://www.greengar.com/apps/brain-tuner/ 
C.A.P.O.L.E.R. 
Yo quiero pasar iempo con mis amigos ahora !! 
I stand on the left side of the world , Watching the right side make the money and spread the idiocy . 
I feel like an old man , full of wisdom and urging the children to listen before it's too late . i dunno meng . 
Only a Mother's Love is Endless . 
Love and Lulz , War and Woe 
My facebook just asked me if i wanted to see either Faith < PROPFIRST>'s pictures or < PROPFEMALE > Lewin's . Good God , thats some good coincidence ! It has a < PROPMALE > nostalgic flavor . Where can I buy some more ? < PROPMALE>'s lab ? Oh . 
I hate when people diss you when you tryin to do somethin serious and when you get mad they don't talk to you 
Like this status and i'll tell you what vibe you send .. 
Dear complicated females :\ 
NO ONE KNOWS HOW YOU FEEL THROUGH TEXTS !! \ 
UNLESS IT'S YOUR BEST FRIEND OF FOREVER\ 
TELL US WHAT YOU MEAN !! I CANT HEAR THE\ 
EMOTIONS IN YOUR VOICE !! IT'S A TEXT !! 
Isn't it disappointing that people make pages that say if you don't join , you hate God ? Do you seriously need people to join that badly ? 
If yall didnt know , we get tired when it rains as an instict to get us clean by staying still . 
Just woke up . wtf ? 
Why does lingerie football exist ? it's not hot ! let them wear the full suits . ( It's only fair and equal . ) 
Why does Daedalus go so hard ? 
Taking a long break from technology . 
Last status before hiatus : I need a catharsis . Earth is one clingy b*tch . I need someone to share my thoughts with . Transcendentalism . Arts . 
Status during hiatus : I will still be returning your pokes , I get them like texts . Withdrawal is going away . Special thanks to the squid for their contribution to nervous system study . I forgot the rest , and I might set off another withdrawal bout by posting something . 
Augh . \ 
Video call me now http://webvideocall.oovoo.com/callme/seventyfour/312 
I hate when facebook is literally the only thing I can do . I'm trying to become spirituel , dangit ! 
STOP SENDING ME FARMVILLE AND CITYVILLE ANYVILLE CRAP 
Even after I lost my need for this vice , a chain of events bring me back . I hate this technology addiction . 
A sound body is a sound mind . - on my mobile with eBuddy www.ebuddy.com/android 
Cacoethes for Adventure . 
Feels like being away from technology again . Curse you < PROPFEMALE > , and your ability to make me lovesick . 
Females speak fluent body language , and I'm using a < PROPFEMALE > Stone . 
As long as I have my music , I'll pull through . 
I need a confidant . 
Intelligence brings you from cocky arrogance , to miserable uncertainty . 
My two most prevalent sins are Pride and Sloth . My two least prevalent ones are Lust and Wrath . 
I just pray that I live a long enough life so that I can share the ideas and revelations I get when I listen to music , hopefully in a book . 
I built my city in the sky , and instead of a foundation I gave it some propellers to fly by . 
Found a hole in my judgement , and from that , realized love and lust are obsolete . 
Liquor and cigarette stores need to stop doing business with the homeless , that way more people will donate , knowing it won't be a waste . 
I feel reserved because I feel out of place . Had a cluster of epiphanies I forgot . 
The music and I are in a disagreement , It's telling me not to give up on finding love . I just don't know who , and I don't want to . 
The free alternative to weave is growing your own hair out ! \ 
\ 
dummy ! 
TestaKILLS . 
Do you know what nemisis means ? A righteous infliction of retribution , inflicted by an appropriate agent . Personified in this case , by me . 
BREAK YO SELF FOOLS I FINALLY BEAT A SUDOKU 
I think I just had a conversation with the dudes from Jersey Shore on Omegle . 
I tried and failed . This puzzle piece doesn't match . 
Only person I respect in yall's rap gam is Drake's producer . 
Most of yall don't understand all the drama you guys started or had started with you ain't gonna mean nothin after highschool . Yall gonna realize that yall were obbsessin about these non-existent haters you got so you could be like everyone else . 
\ I love you because the whole universe conspired for me to come close to you . \ " \ 
I don't feel like poking anymore . The rest of you win . 
When you are old and reminiscent , your question should not be if you shook the world , but how much . 
You know you a lame when .. #1 When you a dude and yo profile pic is a cat . 
We Are Philosophers . You know who you are . 
Why is it most atheists love to emphasize the fact they don't believe in god ? Do you not believe in him , or do you just dislike him ? 
The elixir of life and the philosophers stone . 
Man ... 
If I were to call every single one of all your lies out , what friends would I lose ? And would they be ones worthy of keeping ? 
Just saw superficial at its finest . I'm amazed . 
When did it become cute to replace g with q ? 
SAT is the easiest thing I've ever taken . 
Just slapped dominoes with the best of them . Dominoes is the caribbean's game . 
Those who say our generation is horrible need to remember who raised it . Shut your mouths . 
Wiz stole aesop rocks beat in \the statement \"." 
**** s on my **** cause I look like gumby/\ 
Gotta cook it up for em cause you know they hungry/\ 
Hop up in the club and start rippin on the dancers/\ 
Tell the heavy-chested ones they got breast cancers/\ 
Pull the pole down now they all gettin angry/\ 
I prevented all y'all from disease , so thank me/\ 
Duck out in my ride and you know it's dark orange/\ 
Just like the beard y'all seen on < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ! 
Phone companies use planned obsolescence ! 
Tell a million mother loder < PROPFEMALE > a bank , Hold up your drink , she said between her legs that other gold's pink <3 
Wanton soup . 
\The best allies are the ones who don't think like the others . \"" 
NOOOO !!!!!! 
Steadily searching for something new under the sun but it's stagnant . Act development , burst of madness . 
#BASEDPhilosophy 
What do you do when the girl you like is a SENIOR , and you have about a few weeks before any relationship you have becomes A CASE !? 
nooooo 
hahahaha ... it thinks its people . 
Like and I'll tell you how I'll remember you . 
My classes are a bunch of jokes . 
If you have problems with one eye , it's god telling you that you have enough swag to wear a monocle . 
Fundamentalism is wroooooooongg hahahahahaha 
I WALK UP IN THE CRIB\ 
GOT TWO KIDS\ 
AND MY BABY MOMMA LATE\ 
UH-OH UH-OH UH-OH\ 
SO I HAD TO DID \ 
WHAT I HAD TO DID \ 
CAUSE I HAD THE KIDS\ 
UH-OH UH-OH UH-OH 
Edible gold ? Are you stupid ? That's just an expensive way to throw away gold ! Look at your generation , adults . Lookie . { gadfly } 
I'm going for that ? uestlove look . Finally , a destination . 
If I can't speak to you about what I think about , or relate to you mentally , you're not worthy of being in a relationship , or a friendship with me . 
I feel like hurting some feelings . \ 
< PROPFEMALE > 
Wait a minute .. there was school today ? 
Inbox me < PROPFIRST > , and I WILL EMBARASS YOU . But , I wont say your name . 
002 - You lanky , < PROPFIRST > goat , buzz-saw-toothed , lazy waste of sarcastic space !! You aren't a fraction of a fraction of the being you pose as . 
I would set up a poll , but I already know how you'll answer it .. 
If you copy someone you saw on TV or heard on the radio , and put it as a facebook status , you lame . 
And I chuckle mischeviously , as I know I'm not supposed to be aware of what's happening to me .. 
I hate when my cynical mind mistakes truly honest people for the most sarcastic ones . 
Bring me wisdom that you didn't get from whoever your idols stole it from , and something that isn't insanely easy to figure out , and I'll respect you . 
If you had the tape on your face , and you kept taking it off to mouth words , YOU'RE STUPID 
'' Like '' for :\ 
• Are you important to me ? \ 
• Do I regret meeting you ? \ 
• Have you ever made me smile ? \ 
• Do I see you in my future ? \ 
... ( tharr be more)• Do I like your default ? \ 
• Have i ever had a crush on you ? \ 
? Best feature ? \ 
? Do i like you as a friend ? \ 
? Would i marry u on fb ? 
I'm disgusted at your obsession and addiction to shiny objects and mood changers . 
And I am angry at you . Not for what you did , but for what you didn't do . You didn't question in any unexpected ways . You are essentially a sheep . 
It happens because of your personality . \ 
And it can be lost from me because of the most subtle of signs I recognize . \ 
what is it ? 
So , Neressia Yeah-Bro is my Finn , and I'm her < PROPMALE > . First tactic ? TEACH HER ALL I KNOW , AND MAKE HER THE BEST AT EVERYTHING !! MUAHAHAHAHA !! ( Kicking the reader in the face may occur . ) 
First comes the energy , then the depression . 
Has delved back into the intriguing arts of screaming . 
so i got a 1670 . is that good ? 
??????????? ?????? ????? ??????? ????? ?????????????? ????? ?????? ??? ??? ???? ??? ??? ????????? ???????? ?????? ??? ???? ??? ???? ?? ?????? ????? ?? ????????? ???? ?? ?????? ?????? ?? ? ?? ???? ???? ????? ???? ??? ??????? 
LOOK AT THE TIME 
Meditated on sensuality and found a new appreciation for it . 
What's < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST>'s favortie drink ? WATAAAAAHHH ! 
Ok , so you got on fake lashes , drawn eyebrows , contacts , weave , stuffed bra , girdle , fake nails , makeup , and heels , and you expect me to be honest ? 
Swag swag-swag-swag swag brr-ang-dang-dang your girlfriend 
It doesn't matter how smooth you talk to a female , she will trip you up if you don't pay attention . 
The only one who can get in my head does it quite often . 
Seniors ... MORE LIKE SENIOR CITIZENS ! HAHAHAHA !! 
I'd rather help you find your inner beauty than ruin your booty . 
Chinese Jamaican , Dominican , and Trinidadian ARE THE SUPERIOR RACES 
Wants to repair the very faint friendships he made with caro , < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPFEMALE > . 
APPARENTLY , no one's thought riding on TRIPS is cool yet . 
Like this if your accent comes back when you're in your country 
Hedonists would say yes to this great philosophical question , and realists would say no . What is it ? 
It wasn't never a choice of mine , she chose me/\ 
Ever since out first meeting , I knew it would be/\ 
Something to live for , something to die for , something to cry for , something to survive for . 
Yeeh ( yeeehh ) exc . - A sign of agreement or excitement . \ 
Ex . \Hey bro you just got a helicopter ? \ " \ 
Put your hands in the air for that brain bath of norepinephrine and dopamine . 
That beastly moment when your studying kinesics pays off 
Truth is , I have hundreds of statuses I could've put , but I know they wont be well received , and I don't need the confirmation that most of you are too ignorant or stupid to understand . 
Cause I get high off of music . 
Once again , I grow bored . 
Why is it the people with the most talent have the least friends , and the people with the least talent the most ? 
Let your eyes close , let the sensuality of seeing each other with your skin envelop you . 
spammers are just raping some of your profiles . 
Your rappers takes months to write songs with the lyricism skill of Dr. Seuss . I can lyrically murder any of your mainstream idols . #CHALLENGE 
Tell me why I got ' Shake it Loose ' on YouTube . 
\Like YOU actually pick your hair . \ " \ 
My two best friends are jesus and faith . And I'm < PROPFIRST > , biblically the man who messed everything up . Yeee 
That horrible moment when you notice that you've just been Friend-Zoned . 
PUT THIS AS YOUR STATUS IF YOUR BRAVE . \ 
for the rest of the day I will be 100% honest , you can ask me anythin in my inbox and I'll answer in your inbox 
Going to School Tommorrow . #TeamANTIswagOG 
Learning Standman's Terms . 
If you see that the way you're living is getting your friends either killed or in jail , one , those authoritative figures who you disobeyed warned you already , and two , you're a bigger idiot than them for not changing your ways . 
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAH !!!! LIL B'S B **** MOB IS JUST TWO PICTURES OF HIM TWICE !!! AHAHAHHAAHAHAHA !! 
Like if you don't care about the english royalty . 
Watch awkward greetings turn \what's up ? \ " Turn \ " how are you feeling ? \ " Turn \ " let's discuss war over asiatic tea leaves . \"" 
What's wrong with a little narcissism if you care about other peoples ' worthless feelings ? hahaha 
mileena eats people 
Ok , I Admit It , I Sniped Osama Bin Laden . 
I'm the type of guy who , in a relationship , loves to talk about feelings , ideas , and subtleties . I want to know her better than I know myself , and if you can't respect that , I don't have anything for you . Not even an attention span . 
Dudes have to pay to smash regardless .. whether it be $40 to a whore , or jewelry to your wife . Either way , you're a prostitute . 
The only law with no exception is murphys . 
Had a discussion about the music industry , the 10 dimensions , soundscapes , a theoretical 11th dimension , and the slippery slope of metal with some family friends .. From 1 to 5 in the morning . 
Tired as I don't know what 
Only one person had the balls to say something negative about the hairdo . 
Why does buddha have such long ears ? 
Uhhhh ... what was I gonna say ..? 
Remembering the oldest caribbean songs recently . 
Infatuation makes Conversation Self-Deprecation and Heart Palpitations . 
Apocalyptus . 
Writing poems is easy , rhyming and keeping your initial message is difficult 
Aaahhh . I feel stupid . 
Infatuation is useless , now that there is no threat of our race dying from lack of reproduction . 
If you want color contacts , talk to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > . 
that stupid box in the corner of the homepage with the people and their online status needs to make a bigger difference between green and gray . 
Turn off your radio . 
Is that deep , nervous feeling you get when you see that one person love , or a crush ? Are we supposed to suffer the constant hypocrisy and self-destructiveness of those who we , consciously and instinctively , attracted to ? 
Where all my gamer chicks at ? 
To stand out and not be viewed as strange , is not standing out . 
I am constantly on the lookout for people who are aware , those who would understand what I say . Most of you have proven by your silence that you are mentally blind , and I have to live with that . 
Real talk , I'm not cuttin my hair for nobody . 
Today ... is the first day .. OF MY LIFE .. That I did my homework on a friday !! 
WOO END OF THE WORLD !! ( makes plans for next week ) 
An Indian accent is funny , in a good way . You could tell me anything in that accent and I would just chuckle . 
Turns out some of the prettiest females like females too 
That banquet DJ sucked . Real talk . 
Lunacy . 
I'M KEEPIN THESE WISDOM TEETH COMING IN .. I'M GOING THROUGH TOO MUCH PAIN AND EFFORT TO HAVE THEM REMOVED . 
Wishing it was 40 degrees again 
I love how many females like the exposed smuts pages . 
Who's Bored ? 
Getting stuck in a code red lockdown with the drumline turned out pretty live ! 
The juxtaposition of colloquialism and bombast 
If only you felt the same way .. 
Melancholy . 
AAAGH I CAN'T TALK 
68 million psychopaths in the world .. some murderous , some not . 
Louisiana is stupid 
The Brusque Man Learns How to be Mute by < PROPFIRST > Henderson 
Eminem stole one of Aesop Rock's beats , Wiz Khalifa stole one of Aesop Rock's beats , and one of the Pharcyde's beats . I'm SURE there are more . 
Everyone around you is a reflection of yourself , that's why you feel entitled to say that dude is a maniac for driving so fast . 
If I make eye contact with someone for more than 10 seconds , it automatically becomes a staring contest . every time . 
Why can't I just instantly learn 17 languages ? Why doesn't someone with a Lambourghini just come up to me and hand me the keys ? 
I got enough D-O-P-E beats , \ 
To give everybody on the planet O-N-E each . 
Having the same birthday as the girl you tryna talk to ?? ALREADY IN THAT 
I'm seeing dumber and dumber people everyday . How do you not understand what a spare tire is ? How do you NOT know what IRON is ? And I'm also seeing how much the stupid spread rumours , and jump to conclusions . 
Stop quoting Wiz Khalifa . Probably not even him saying the stuff you think is genius . 
Girls , don't expect a good guy if you don't want to make the first move . Stop being lazy , crying about how good guys don't approach you . Put in work . 
We caribbeans need to stop the rivalry ! Besides , < PROPFIRST > and Tobago are the best anyway .. 
Sometimes I would wonder why I wasnt born extremely wealthy , but then I realized it was so I would'nt be an A-hole like the < PROPMALE > kids are now . 
Sarcasm is hard to express through texts . :( 
Like this status if you like liking \Like this status .. \ " statuses ! " 
You all suck . No really , you suck . I'm sorry . 
Anyone else got a crap load of mangoes right now ? 
Why are metal concert crowds so dead these days ? 
There are many times I wonder why I was cursed to live in my own world ... 
That awkward moment when you say something intelligent , and the conversation stops 
The awkward moment when you make a subtle compliment and they take it as a blatant insult 
I speak in sarcasm so much , half the time I don't even know when I'm serious 
Is there a rivalry going on between Lil B and OFWGKTA ? 
Why do I feel like I'm going to die 
lol peruvian last names are so strange 
I'm gettin ponies . 
I never sold drugs , and I never sold out , I just want my music heard word up and no doubt 
I would be a very manipulative person , if I could tolerate stupidity . 
Gun to her head , make your girl massage my shoulders .. 
I don't care about sports , but the fact I know < PROPFEMALE > is happy about this is pissing me off 
It was italy bombing ethiopia in the 40s that ruined that whole area , and charities only show us this area , making us think africa is just unfit for existence . 
Turkey has too many tendons , f this , I'm going vegan 
just realized the fact I lose a lot of arguments because I let the opponent see me get sidetracked the whole time 
The depressing moment when you realize your friends don't care for anything you talk about 
People are calling < PROPFIRST > the creator a genius just because he's a little bit smarter than the other businessman sellouts you idiots worship 
You do realize it's ' Realest ' , not ' Realist ' , right ? Realist is a noun , Realest is a fake adjective for liars like you . 
FYI : Acronyms have a period at the end . EX : B.O.B. , not B.O.B 
Hillbillys , Rednecks , and other idiots have been searching for bigfoot for how long ? Almost 90 years ? 
You cannot tell me < PROPFEMALE > Talancha and < PROPFIRST > Glenny don't look like twins 
< PROPFIRST > means sailor and < PROPMALE > means warrior hahahahaaha 
Scarred for life . 
I'm angry , becaus eI see some of you , and I know that you have the potential to amount to something , but you're wasting your time trying to get likes on your status that you post during school time to care about your future . 
Most of you school athletes five years from now will still be talking about how you played a game that involved a vigorous point system , but now , ask yourself this question . What makes the sh*t a little different from the game checkers , other than you sweating like a slave , and a dude yelling at you to get better ? 
Space . Space . Gotta go to space . Ba ba ba ba . SPAAAAAAAAACE ! 
The word dijiste is so sexy 
Twista slowed down since his old school days .. He lost my respect !!! YOU DON'T EVER SLOW DOWN ! YOU SPEED UP ! 
Life is funny , no matter where you go . 
Nursing homes are hell . You get to see the proudest people reduced to their weakest states , acting like mopey children . 
Learning how to play Yugioh . I HATE yugioh . 
If you don't live your life , who will ? 
Really hate to open old wounds , but I love you . 
I made a bad habit of making dying sounds when I die in Call of Duty 
Comedians are the most apparent philosophers that no one takes seriously . 
The security in airports just wanna see your junk with those x-rays 
Toxey , Alabama . 
Am I really the only person here who listens to Indie Hip-Hop ? The stuff that ISN'T materialistic or degrading in any way ? And by the way , do any of you care that the artists I listen to are the ones writing songs for YOUR artists ? N.W.A. , Puffy , Lil < PROPMALE > , Birdman , Wiz Khalifa , ALL of them have ghostwriters man ! THEY'RE the fake ones ! 
Finally , we got some hackers shutting things down , keeping the people on their toes .. 
YES YES YES WE ALL KNOW YOU'RE WATCHING THE BET AWARDS SHUT UP !! 
Just wish I could punch some of you in the mouth right now . 
Swag Level > 9000 
Like this if you think more than you talk . 
Keepin it real ? Hah , who wrote that song for you ? 
I CALLED THE POLICE AND THEY SHOWED UP 2 HOURS LATER . I THOUGHT THAT WAS A MYTH . 
Found out I have the same sense of humor as The Joker . 
Hipster Maniac says : Indie viral videos can't get above 10,000 views , or else it's mainstream . 
I hate when girls do that stupid lip pout in their pictures 
That crushing moment when the notifications you got were from games you don't play 
Those who I can call my friends , I love you guys . I really do . 
Oh , Going Camping . 
When I look at it from others ' perspectives , I'm not worth much . It seems that all the things I know I'm capable of or that I think are exposed only to me , and those I confide in . To the others , I'm a spacey short kid with a weird afro . 
Bursting emotions , watery eyes , and inaudible words . 
Class of 2012 , say yoooo 
After College , I'm becoming a hermit philosopher . I'm done with how people affect me . 
Lord have mercy ... 
Getting off of Facebook , and other internet mediums as much as possible . 
FACT : I was swimming in a pool when I first heard the ' Black people can't swim ' stereotype . 
Who else can figure people out easily ? 
Yuh pretty face an bad character , dem de kinda livin cyaan hold Chaka FOLLOW ME ! 
90's Reggae and Caribbean R&B . 
And then I realized that I liked a photographer because of her pictures 
Time to make the most awkward moment ever . But how ..? 
lol watch this awkward moment thing blow up in my face 
In order to ' Drop it like it's hot ' , you must have picked it up like it was cold . 
I shall send you to Nirvana . 
Put your real name on your Facebook account , you idiot poser . 
Friends on facebook - Over 500\ 
Friends you talk to - Less than 20 
Trust no females display picture on Facebook , 50% < PROPMALE > it's been remodeled and photoshopped 
I started listening to chaotic music , because it calms me . 
\I don't watch TV . \ " \ 
Oh man , what is sleep ? 
Shut up , shut up , shut up . 
I wanna go to carnival so bad right now 
90s Dancehall and Soca . 
T-Shirt and Buddens . 
If you have a good wife , you'll be happy , if you have a bad wife , you'll be a philosopher . 
I remember one time last year in english class , I used the word ' apex ' and everyone was like \ooh smart guy using big words ! \ " Apex has four letters . " 
When you click on someones name and they immediately sign out 
I hate when people put a stupid or obvious status , and get like 25 likes . 
I forgot guys hide their emotions . Let me not remain the exception . 
R.I.P. Internet Explorer , hello Google Chrome . 
When should I cut my hair ? 
help 
See friend post a status on Facebook\ 
Go on MSN , Oovoo , Skype\ 
THEY'RE OFFLINE IN EVERY ONE 
I keep finding mosquito bites .. 
Youtube's copyrights are forcing me to download the songs 
I wanna deactivate this account but it's my only means of communication with some people -_- 
Lil B's songs are so quotable 
Why is everyone wearing wooden bead bracelets now ? \ 
Do you know what they mean ? 
You don't know how americanized you are until you leave .. 
I'm losing weight , but not fast enough to me . 
If you put a signature in your facebook posts , you're a lame , and should be shot . 
We rap about the things we see , turn the TV off , F the BET and MTV I be at peace when I flip . rest in peace the Lafayette kids , you'll live on through the words I rip . 
Worldstarhiphop is the death of our culture and intelligence 
I'm no longer aiding those who don't want to be aided . 
I quit . 
To the class of 2011 , I'm gonna miss you guys . 
Burned my throat doing primal screams 
Learning meditations ' whole point 
Mr. Kaka is coming for you 
So when was anybody gonna tell me that cancer's been curable since the 20's ? 
Yuh dohtish . 
What's so fascinating about shoes that you need to buy every good pair ? You only have two feet , and each pair lasts a few years .. 
Remember Nani from Lilo and Stitch ? She was BAD tho . 
I saw a dude with eyebrows so thick he shaved a tic-tac-toe sign in both of them 
Too weird to live , too rare to die . 
1 ) AP English - Kelly\ 
2)Music Theory - Cidel\ 
3)AP Psychology - Fass\ 
4)Honors Government/Economics - Mar\ 
5)Band - Cidel\ 
6)AP Stat - Taillon 
I hate when you get home after long , strenuous activity and your feet start hurting like crazy 
3rd period AP Psych has anyone cool ever in it 
I could trick a < PROPFEMALE > into getting whatever I want , asking for unlimited wishes to get powers i'd never flaunt . 
So you're mad when Baglos makes you dress differently , and you got mad when a dude stares at your exposed cleavage or midriff or butt crack before ... Can you stop ? 
Swag in my bones ; Bone Marrow Swag . 
Swag with Mr. < PROPFIRST > ; Copacetic Swag . 
TGIF 
Girls treats nice guys like dirt , and then complain that the boys they date are jerks . 
Why be concerned about the states getting hit by the hurricane ? They didn't care when we were hit . 
That awkward moment when your phone goes off in class and it's the pokemon theme 
Ph'nglui mglw'nafh Cthulhu R'lyeh wgah'nagl fhtagn 
hey luk @ me athetsits im a dog postign a statis om feacebouk 
Time for some < PROPFEMALE > SLEEP !!! 
Just saw a video of a fruit fly being apathetic towards women after sleep deprivation . I think I may be part fruit fly . 
Get home at 4:30 and 10 minutes later it's 10:00 . 
remember the censored version of ' we be steady mobbin' ? it was basically an instrumental . 
Everything about your mind is decided by you . 
Don't you hate that group in your class where ALL they do is talk about other kids in the class ? Do you really need to talk that bad ? 
After wearing my monk beads today , I learned that a LOT of people haven't played street fighter , and that a LOT of people know about ... devious toys ... 
Why does the announcer at the games always talk trash about krop ? 
so apparently Drake can tell whether or not a bamsie is real by squeezing it . \ 
I can't even hate . 
12 cell phones . 
In my own self-fulfilling prophecy , am I not fulfilled ? Is this harmless self-defense mechanism leading me to harm ? I believe not . 
one thing i've noticed in school , is that it is only the girls complaining about the cold , and it is also only the girls wearing sweaters . r u srs 
OK , you caught me guys . I was wearing weave the whole time . I apologize . 
Darryn Spg Ferguson give me my monk beads as soon as possible ! 
I didn't know getting shoes was such a wonderful thing 
I hated Plato , but then I read his quotes 
Our specifically engineered BasedLotion™ has a mixture of the unique products Whoop !, Cook !, and Chef !. Avoid contact with eyes . Be careful while cooking if you have used this product within 24 hours , as you may destroy your house . If a rash develops , you most likely don't have any swag . 
people who should collab :\ 
Busdriver and Aesop Rock\ 
< PROPFIRST > the Creator and Lil B 
Final Stage : Acceptance . 
I am filled with euphoria and love . Thank you for not paying attention to me . 
Come on girl , I'm not gonna play the part , your lady parts are great , but your wits are far from razor sharp . 
I fight for the right to not party ever , I rock a t-shirt in the winter , F a sweater . 
Take a good look at the newest member of Prolific WRITERS ! \ 
swaggity swag swag . You should join too . 
Oxytocin is a neurotoxin 
Don't respond too slowly . Don't allow my cynicism to consume my interest . 
It's better if you leave me alone . The only time I hurt is when I see you . 
Lmao it's not ' nate ' it's ' nay ' . People manage to put a little bit of ignorance in everything around here . 
32665 
What used to cause me sadness is now reacted to with \That's the way life works\ " and no further dwelling . " 
Hawaiian shirt . Fisherman hat . Khaki cargo pants . 
What was I gonna say ? Dang , forgot . 
had to block an entire social circle . 
Notification airstrikes . 
I hate the fact that if I don't start the conversation , there won't be one 
Facebook beef is WAY too bitter . 
I need to accept that some people are so far away , in terms of social circles and unfamiliarity , that a relationship cannot be formed . 
So , she really was avoiding me . Oh well , that's how life works . 
I do not get close with members of gossiping cliques , as the surrounding members do not want any additions . 
I'm gonna make this bed think I invented sleep 
Facebook is worthless if you're different and want attention . 
Taught < PROPMALE > TGod Romay some philosophy I just made . Ask him about it . 
No matter how hard I try , I can't find anyone different . 
My dad is snappin like crazy over this game , and everyone wonders why I don't watch sports . 
Don't like this status . 
< PROPFEMALE > there is a wall . 
It is OUR fault , not the stars , why we are underlings . 
Guys won't become enemies because of a fight , but they WILL become enemies over an argument of who WON that fight . 
Getting eaten by a pack of wolves LOL TEXT ITTTTT <33333 786-36-343 
pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis has been floccinaucinihilipilificated . 
The best way to end an argument is to say \Okay . \"" 
Finding freestyling and songwriting much easier 
It looks like I hopped in a pool . \ 
I am so sweaty . \ 
Drumline BAY < PROPFEMALE > !! 
I really hate when people say add them on oovoo or skype or whatever , and then don't accept your request . Is it that you wanted to feel important by having a bunch of requests ? huh ? punk ? 
I dare facebook to delete my account . I'm not posting your crap as my status . 
Feeling apprehensive because \Discussion of the philosophy of religion\ " literally translates to \ " Why religion is wrong\ " and I'm tired of these types of discussions " 
She receives nothing but compliments and still ends up self-conscious 
People make me tired . 
Rarely do those with great minds and deep personalities meet , acknowledge each other as such , and fall in love ; those of that caliber give up on finding someone that precious . 
Sometimes I wonder why I have unlimited text , since I get like 1.5 texts a day 
I hate when people pronounce words incorrectly , so I purposefully pronounce words incorrectly to confuse everyone . 
Copy If Your Not Scared , I Cant Lie For 24hours , Ask Me Anything , INBOX ONLY 
If you can rap ' worldwide choppers ' correctly I respect and admire you . 
