There are a few people that I can name that I would hate to have even THINK about trying to add me . If they do , I promise I will stab them in the jugular with a freshly sliced orange peel . 

i'm going to freaking kill my sister if she doesn't stop tripping out ( she just got one of those MIXXD Monster energy drinks ) 
working on the SEVEN website . 
what's benzedrine ? 
going to cataloochee 
getting a haircut today ... i know , i know , surprising , huh ? and i'm sorry , i'm not getting it cut short . i'm just trimming the dead ends and styling it different . 
i got my hair cut & styled . unfortunately , it was cut alot shorter than i wanted it to be . 
my hair ... it's DEFINITELY lol-worthy ... 
working with FL Studios again ... hopefully i can get it finished before i leave 
is it bad if you're late for special < PROPMALE > and the teacher calls you \tardy \"?" 
i'm baking an egg and cheese burrito , and everything's gonna turn out GREAT . 
playin around with FL Studios , making yet another song ( possibly about ham salad ) 
i need a hug . from anybody . except a man . 
apparently , i have 5 kids , 2 of which i lost in the washing machine . 
that's gay , you can't do drum rolls on FL ... 
i can't wait till school lets out ... 
watching that law-abiding citizen movie , it's really wierd ... 
okay , MGS2 is rly starting to creep me out .... 
i think im gonna hop in the shower , and when i get out , i'll try styling my hair scene-ishly . 
bamboozle seemed pretty awesome ,... i'm tired 
i spent 3 1/2 hours on the most epic song you've ever heard , only to accidentaly close the window . now i have to start all over again . 
i spent 5 1/2 hours in FL Studios working on the most epic song you've ever heard in your life , only to accidentally close it out . now , 5 1/2 hours of work have gone down the drain . 
saw Iron Man 2 in some theatre in < PROPFEMALE > . got back at 2:00 in the morning ! 
well , i've got the beat finished for a new song , just gotta wait till i can fix the mixer to add the lyrics 
... i've got a headache ... 
just rockin ' on youtube ... dahvie vanity cracks me the fuck up !!! 
screw the rules , i have money ! 
my sister's mad at me cuz i won't give her random animals on ZooWorld . 
call of duty : world at war has Nazi Zombies ? i've been enlightened today . 
annoying children must die 
why am i being told that i played a game yesterday that i never even heard of ? especially since i havent been on in weeks ? 
screw the rules , i like Sting solo albums !!! 
people who watch Lost will spend an eternity in the seventh circle of hell 
i miss my long hair now :( 
i didn't notice how incredibly stupid the Inception Spoof was until i watched the original trailer ... 
don't you just hate it when 
why does the worst shit happen during christmas break ??? 
W-L ratio is 8-34 now ... i think im losing my edge .... 
brb , everyone . i was told i must go \ide\ " in a hole . " 
how can the world end in 2012 if i have a can of peaches that expire in 2013 ? 
hopefully the shuffle notes results aren't a sign of things to come ... 
is it actually illegal to name your child Satan ? 
if someone could figure out how to load projects on FL Studios without paying $ 7,000 for all the plugins , i would appreciate being told about it . 
the most epic song on this planet has just been born !!! 
scrubs . it never gets old . 
I've practically mastered it with 2 mallets . My goal is to master 6 by the end of the year . Wish me luck . 
people take sarcastic comments on youtube way too seriously . 
