Cant wait for payday tuesday ! 

eat babies 
300 dolllars aint shit ! 
My mom doesnt see the irony in calling me a son-of-a-bitch .... 
The only person i regularly talk to is my girlfrined ! i havent talked to most people i know i a week or more anybody who knows im like his leave a coment or give it a thumbs up ! 
I am not cassys bitch ! she is confused ! 
I want my GED i hate having to wait ..... if i dont pass it someone might actually die this time . 
is stressed the fuck out ! and cant sleep ... 
Appearntly , Honest Logical and funny = Smart Ass Prick . 
Im not tooting my own horn ..... because if i could i might not leave the house ! 
Patiently waiting for a messgae response from < PROPFEMALE > ... 
Well this is awesome . I havent heard form her in 2 or 3 days since her phone shut off and she sent me a message . 
Muder should be legal if its a fair fight . then its not murder its a dath match and if both consent then who cares ... right ? 
Work tommorow ! 
just got off work more tired than usual . I was closing cook and the only cook thank god it was the slowest day ever . 
HUT HUT MOTHAFUCKA ! 
Pissed off and smoking alot of ciggarrettes . 
Once again i was the only cook all night ...... fuckin sucks . 
Im sick with a nasty cold . and im still going to work cuz im not a douche . 
Topeka was a small town , kind of shitty but it hac everything i needed many close friends , respect , and a girl i never thought id get the < PROPMALE > have ..... I miss my boring little town Kansas City is useless if your a poor 18 year who doesnt know anybody . 
I have not found anything more complicated and difficult than a relationship between the opposite sex . 
Speant all weekend cleaning out dads garage and tearing out nails so he can remodel it . Then in about 3 weeks when its all functional hell do the work to my truck but he needs all his tools and a place to do it so i gotta wait 
So i was driving down the highway with my windows down and a piece of rock flys out of someones tire . Past my head by 4 inches and shatters my rear window . 
Ive been sick all week my condition has gotten worse . My nose feels like there a hole in it and mucus is draining into my stomach making me vomit . I need to go to a doctor this aint a cold like i thought . 
My lil brother is so fuckin predictable . I had a hunch that he'd fuck shit up today ( i wont say why or what ) and he did ( big fuckin WOW !... right ? ) So my theory of why i didnt get picked up from work was right . he fucked up and shit didnt go right so i had to suffer along with everyone in the family . Thank you < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > pummill you are such a delightful person .... 
GOT MY LICENSE TODAY MUTHERFUCKERS ...... RUN ! ( i know thats what your thinkning ) 
i just drove to QT to get < PROPFIRST > some donuts its 1 am why not ? 
Judging by my clothing style , The music i tend to enjoy , My lower income level and people i associate with it would suprise you to know that i dont rely on a substance to get me through the day , i generally stay out of trouble ( except one small incident ) , have concern about my future , work hard , and try to give more than i take . If most people are products of there envoirment what the fuck am i ? 
I dont think NPC is gonna be happy until they have slave workers to make and deliver pizza 
thinks NPC stands for National Pizza Communist 
i cant think ive worked to hard today . 
today is gonna be busy as fuck lloks like im gonna have to bust my ass again . 
< PROPFEMALE > ALERT !!! Edmonton , KY little girl , 3 yrs old picked up by man driving grey car , license plate : Quebec 72B 381 . Put this as your status . It could save her . This kidnapping is recent so do it , 3 seconds will not kill you . If it were your child .... what would you want people to do ? It doesn't matter how far away you live . Please repost 
So i googled borderline personality disorder and it distrubed me somewhat . 
Parents are fighting , But i have my window in my truck so i can possibly get a stereo this week . 
loves kansas city in the summer time , loves to cruise around in his truck through neighborhoods for no reason at all with the windows down smelling the fresh cut grass and the sound of lawn mowers in the distance . you have to enjoy the little pleasures in life it relieves stress . 
I feel your pain brother . 
fuck it man fuck it . 
I love deer roast and it reminds me how white i am . 
ill bitch slap the sound out your name 
My dad gave me a brief description of his job and my job is FUCKIN EASY compared to his . 
Just found a 88 pup on craigslist that doesnt run . I wish i could buy it for a parts truck . next trucks gonna be a chevy for sure ... 
Rear wheel drives are fun in the rain especially when its a stick shift :) 
Stereo works now i gotta get some speakers 
Never mind ... last night it was working but i had it hooked up wrong i now know the proper way and re wired it properly . But NOW . im not get power from the wires in my truck the fuse was blown , i replaced it , still nothing .... I give up ..... 
I need my truck to be long distance ready ASAP ! i want to see my female and my friends so bad ... 
GED TEST FRIDAY MAY 21st AT 12:30 pm ! ill be getting out at 6:00 PM < PROPFIRST > ! 
phobialist.com/ 
GED test tommorow pray for me .... 
fuckin glasses broke .... 
Today i took Reading , Sciense , ans Social Studies for my ged test . I feel fairly confident in those test . Tommorow at 7:45 AM ill be taking my math test and my essay test . Thats gonna be a challenge ... 
GED test is finished ! in 6-8 weeks ill get the results . I feel very confident about everything but math . 
been up ALL night but i got a good rundown of closeing manager duties and it wasnt any i couldnt handle ... semms pretty easy . 
does not make enough money . 
fuck everything 
Today me and ol dad took off my carburetor we found out that the base off the carb was VERY loose we tightened it back up and it runs as it should . Before it had trouble idleing and died a few times . He also told me my water pump is going out so im going to o reillys tommorow to exchange parts . 
Officailly has his Certificate of High School Equivalence ! ( GED ) 
Hopefully < PROPMALE > magic goop will do wonders for the truck like it did my 93 yamaha blaster ... Im saving half of my check for the court fees ive procrastinated . My uncle < PROPFIRST > had me apply at the BNSF railroad where hes worked for 20 years , im hopeing that i can get my foot in the door and start making good money .... lets hope god likes me ( haha ) 
GED Test Scores ;\ 
Language Arts , Essay ; %38 = F ( but i still passed it)\ 
Social Studies : %100 = A\ 
Science ; %79 = B-\ 
Language Arts , Reading ; %93 = A-\ 
Math ; %79 = B- 
I can feel the depression starting to grow back again . I dont think i have the insurance to get medications and i dont think i want them anyways . Ive been free of the meds and the depression since i moved back , im hopeing my logic will overway my feelings , i now understand these arent my true feelings and that i must remember to keep moving forward but depression is a powerful and very real disease . 
Replaced the water pump and fan in my truck and wow it runs so much smoother ! i didnt think it would do anything , now theres no vibration at all . 
The guys at walmart tried to balance my tires they only said they could get the back 2 , My fornt tires just need replaced but that 100 bucks and i dont have the money , hopefully i can get to topeka without issues to pay them $285 so i can get off probation . This shit sucks i cant have one plan go right becasue someone else ALWAYS fucks it up . 
I need something to be excited about . I need something to look forward to , a goal that seems possible to achieve everything i do is just shots in the dark i have no real direction i need FUN i need things i enjoy doing , i cant just do the same thing everyday and live everyday trying to survive i never seen the point in that . i need something to live for ... 
BNSF railway posted a job that i applyed for in kansas city , ks . this time it was in topeka , ks . I qualify for the requirements listed in the description homies wish me luck(you to baby) ! This could be be my ticket home ! 
Just watched Daybreakers . I loved it . 
Thursday is my last day of probation ! Pay my fees , show him my certificate and im good to go ! 
Going to topeka tommorow leaving at 9 am with < PROPFIRST > my truck is full of gas and oil i should make it there fine . 
Just got home from topeka and my truck runs great . It seems to prefer highway driving . on the way home it would hit 80 and i having less problems with falling under 70 on the hills . It runs alright for what it is . just need new tires . 
AMB Gods Hand is the shit ! 
Ran down to odyessy martials arts supply just to see what they had and picked up this cheap lil lighter/switchblade its kool but cheap . 
I think my clutch is slipping in my truck . 
left 4 dead 2 is ALOT harder than the first one . 
haystak is the shit ! 
Closeing at the hut tonight . Going to topeka tommorow ! 
wants a rossi R971 . 357 revolver there about $400 or less . 
I peeled the hatchetman off my window tonight . I never have been pulled over in my neighborhood before tonight . Ive been driving around at like 4 am before with cops everywhere and never had an issue . 
hasn't been able to talk to her in 3 days now , and is severly pissed the fuck off about it . 
CANT FUCKIN SLEEP .... needs cassy .... * sigh * 
Facebook needs the option to hate things . 
Just got a mew phone and paid cassys phone < PROPMALE > so i can talk to her . 
thinks he should speak in third person on facebook posts because the creators of facebook have chosen not to put a some form of dividing charactor between the \status\ " and the name of the person who has made the \ " status\ " to him this is grammatically correct . He is also very fuckin wierd and loves to bug the fuck out of people . " 
Its friday and we dnt have enough cooks i hope today isnt busy . We need more workers ... 
needs to go to walmart tomorrow and put tires on his truck so he can have a smoother trip to Topeka Sunday ( and possibly safer . ) Wednesday was < PROPFEMALE > and his first anniversary , hopefully there's more to come ... but this one is special so hes taking her to dinner . hopefully . 
needs to improvise , overcome , and adapt . 
Needs more money . fuck minimum wage . 
Just watched the new karate kid . It was great ! just as good as the original ! 
IS FUCKIN PISSED ! 
learned how to make big italy pizzas , they didnt seem that bad but well will see ..... 
I seriously need to quit smoking cigarettes . I weeze , pant and ache like im 40 or some shit ! This week im gonna go for it .... so when i start acting like more of a < PROPMALE > than i already am just ignore it and know its because my body is withdrawing from nicotine . 
The book of < PROPMALE > was a good damn movie . 
Why the fuck is everyone having children !!! i know WAY TO MANY girls that are mother or gonna be mothers . Use a fucking condom or take the fuckin pills ! AM I THE LAST SANE PERSON ON THIS PLANET ? I hope not because im not very sane .. 
The Zune works great and i really like that leather case ( usually i dont put cases on shit like that ) thanks < PROPMALE > it was worth the money i love this fuckin thing ! 
has noticed that a few ex-employees want to come back to the hut . something about that makes me uncomfortable i dont know what it is yet . 
is late for work because someone got up before me , took my work clothes out of the washer and put them in the dryer and never bothered to dry them . So when i got up in time to dry them i seen they werent in the washer opened the dryer and figured \oh mom must of dryed my clothes\ " but no i figured out that was false AFTER i was out of shower and about to get dressed for work " 
Quiktrips hiring 8.25 an hour . But my hut is my family , even tho half of you assholes piss me off i still love you all anyways . So no , i didnt even apply . 
\my brain is like a good crew with bad management its unorganized so it runs slower . \"" 
is gonna stay up all night and go to work in the morning . if he gos to bed now he wont get up and then < PROPFIRST > will end up leaveing a message screaming at the top of her lungs like < PROPFIRST > . 
i had mom call the court house when i was at work and i was released a while ago apparently the attorney fucked up and didnt do something so there sending the paper work now that i never got letting me know i was released weeks ago . IM FREE 
is going to a gun show with dad . 
The starter had a loose bolt so all i had to do was tighten it . and i also finally seen fresh oil proving that theirs a leak and its not burning it all . i wanna fix that soon . 
My first shift i ever managed and it was slow but ok all thru the day then at the end i forgot like everything and probably did something wrong or forgot something .... ugh ill get it tho its just like any other new job 
lil < PROPMALE>'s a big gay bitch . Hes ruined hip hop . 
Opened up his first checking account today with enterprise bank and trust . 
this monday went alot better than last monday took me a long time but i didnt have to many difficulty's . 
Washed my fucking wallet today ..... which is so irritating and the worst part is that its my fault this time so the only person i can yell at is me ... \FUCK < PROPFIRST > PUMMILL ! \"" 
Very unhappy about how my luck keeps turning out . I just replaced my battery in my truck it was 73 bucks i dont have much money left and i havent got to sleep im thinking i might not be getting to go see her ... im so so so so so FUCKING TIRED OF SHIT LIKE THIS HAPPENING !!!!!!!!! FUUUUUUUUUUUCK !!!! 
lil bros in jobcorps , today was his first day he wont get a weekend pass for another 3 weeks . So now all i got is the hut to pass the time . I hope jobcorps does good for him and he learns alot of good skills ... 
feels bad because he really wanted to take < PROPFIRST > to that interveiw but my alternator is dead so all i got is the battery and he didnt call early enough for me to use moms car . Im sry < PROPFIRST > next time let me know ahead of time so i can make sure im ready . 
i want a phone that has an auto text feature that sends a message to people who text me when im busy saying , \im busy leave me alone . \ " i can turn it on and then go do what i gotta do and turn it off when im ready to text or talk . GET ON IT APPLE/MICROSOFT " 
Over filled my oil had to drain a quart of it into a country crock butter bucket , its all good now . very important to be on a level surface if you check your oil and give it 5 mins for the oil to drain into the pan again . 
This\ 
year October has 5 Fridays , 5 Saturdays and 5 Sundays . This happens \ 
once every 823 years . This is money bags . Copy this to your status and \ 
money will arrive within 4 days . Based on Chinese Feng Shui . The one who\ 
does not copy , will be without money . I cannot let that person be me . \ 
Copy within 11 < PROPFEMALE > . Does not hurt to try . ( Hope this works ) 
This weekend me and dad patched the hole in my passenger door with sheet metal and pop rivets so now the wind and weather doesnt get in and i can put my other speaker in ( which i did ) and he fixed my window track guide so i can put back my door panel ( which i did ) and not have to worry about the window popping off track and falling . 
Amp and new pioneer 6x9's life is good . 
believes that by the time < PROPFEMALE > wakes up and finds that there is something wrong it will be too late to do anything but pray . I'm just an 18 year old with common since , I hardly know anything about politics . We the people don't know enough about are government and there agenda . Is it really that paranoid to think they don't want us too ? 
will be voting for < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > to be president in 2012 . His opinion on the subjects he has spoke on have directly connected with my own thoughts and logic . Finding out about this political leaders existence gives me a good feeling . 
She obviously doesnt trust me and she has ruined my mood with it . 
dont bother watching the new A nightmare on elm street movie , its nothing like the old one and nbody can play < PROPMALE > like the orignal guy 
TILT =) 
is thinking of buying windows 7 for my computer . but Christmas is coming up ..... 
Going to see girlfriend after a long time without seeing her due to having to skip because of halloween . Its cold thank god my heater works ... 
Having a rough week , truck is broke down in topeka ( due to a simple carb . issue im sure ) , Missed the meeting this morning for the new pizza we are doing , my normal monday crew was being lazy and half assed alot of stuff which i found after i had to re-count ALL the money , since my mom had to pick me up from work i didnt want to stay late and clean it up for free so i did some and called her at 12:30 to pick me up . 
i towed my truck to my dads , its fixed , taking the < PROPFEMALE > back tomorrow at 8:00 am and getting my truck ( mom was too tired to get it tonight ) , i cleaned my room and things seem to be in order again . 
I hope i didnt forget anything on close i used my checklist but i forgot to check right before i left . 
You know your truck is getting to old when you keep a tow rope in it so YOU get a tow if it breaks down . 
Tommorows thanksgiving cant wait to eat the green bean casserole Eggnoodles and turkey with stuffing . 
New phone ! and facebook works good on it as well 
downloaded opera mini 4 my phone its fast efficent and simple to use 
woke up at 9 and hasnt been able to get back to sleep since .... fml 
Changeyour FB picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal is to notsee a human face until Dec . 6th ( monday ) to help support the fightagainst child abuse . Copy and post this to your profile with yourcartoon pic !! 
is balding like his father , i sent 3 pic messages and asked for rogaine for christmas .... 
Called Radio Shack to get a phone , they said they had it , when i got there they found out they didnt have it ! What a fucking waste of time and gas .... 
First open in 2 hours , knowing my luck < PROPFEMALE > will be up my ass all damn day . 
Worried bout my dad , him and his women are more than likely gonna break up he wants to leave her i feel bad for him and want to help but at the same time i dont want nothin to do with it . 
SNOW !! NOOOOO !!!! 
Is trying his hardest and is very stressed out , apparently i cant do anything right all of a sudden and my prediction is that ill be out of a job soon . 
i think i try to hard to get things i want because i always get disappointed and feel like an ass 
