Wakeing up and going to head back home 

Going to go work out today .... 
Dame I am a lust lol Going Job Interviewing today 
Going to work out and relaxed 
Got to have a office first 
Hot outside . got done working out and chilling . got to go to 5 more interviews still 
Havent done shit all day .. Still looking for a job . I have 3 more interviews next week ... Fucking rain 
Happy Fathers day 
Wash my car and wax it today .. Its hot ass hell outside ... 
Going to work out . And then I dont know what to do 
Does anyone know how to fix a car where it wont overheat any more . cuse i dont lol 
I have two Interviews today . Then I am Going to go work out to day 
Singer < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > dead at 50 . Very sad 
< PROPFEMALE > Fawcett , the “Charlie’s Angels” < PROPFEMALE > whose feathered blond hair and dazzling smile made her one of the biggest sex symbols of the 1970s , died Thursday after battling cancer . She was 62 . Very heart broken . 
I stared my new job today and my feet hurt so do my leg .. I need to go get drunk 
Got to go to work at 445 in the moring then I think I will go work out after ... Then Go get drunk 
I have a three day weekend ... Going to get drunk 
I went two Maquoketa , IA with my brother do a show there . He own his on fireworks buesiness . 
Just got off from work and really need to go to the gym but I am tried so I need motivation ... But I dont know what ..... 
To achieve great things you have first to believe it . 
very tried feet hurt ... going to go work out .. 
Tried thank god is friday tomorrow 
Just relaxing getting ready to go work out .. 
just relaxing . I hurt my ankle so its really sore ... 
I need a stiff drink 
Just got done working out ... ran 3 < PROPMALE > today very tried 
I hate fucking car problems ... Now its going to cost me 600.00 to fix the peace of shit lol 
just relaxing now ... long monday 
Doing laundry ..... yuk 
Getting of work .. 
Moveing next month .. Not looking forwed to it .. I really dont want to go to work on monday .. Went to the fair on sat and got burnt so . Did any one else went to the fair before it ended to day ?????????????? 
Moving all week ... it fucking sucks lol i need a cocktail for sure 
Just got up at 730 made me some coffie and cleaned the house today . and i think i am going to sit on my ass for the rest of the day i think 
just getting off work shittiy day need to go get drunk and laid lol 
getting ready to get up and get the day started 
Tried long day at work .. Need to go out this weekend and get drunk and wild 
Working all the time and no play time >>> 
My first day off tomorrow in 3 weeks 
Long day at work . Need to have a drink this weekend ............ Moveing next week < PROPFEMALE > .... 
got a new blackberry . i cant figure it out . does anyone know how to chandge the back ground 
My one day of i dont know what to do with my self 
I am so tried of working long day .... This weather does not help ..... SOOOO could out side 
Day off from work ... Hopeing to get 12 inches so the science center well close .. if the schools close then we close yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa 
let it snow let it snow . science center closes today at noon . and if the schools close then the science center closes 
Work all week so i am very tried 
tried worked all weekend at the science center 
Its going to be a short day tomorrow at the science center we close at 3pm . Thank god . I got all of my paper work done so Its going to be a good day 
I hope tomorrow goes better .. Had two fires at the science center on mon so 
bad day at work 
dont want to work tomorrow 
i have one daff off i think . so i am visting family and friends today .... moveing next friday 
just got done moveing .. doing laundry and have to go to work tomorrow .. yuck 
need to go to work out . but been so busey with work so it just sucks 
its been a shity week . so i am ready to get drunk and get wild .. 
I have to work again today on my day off due to empoyee being sick . i hate being a manager 
long day at work ... soooooo tried 
Long day at work and it sucks 
work sucks let me tell you 
Work suck .... I really need a new job anyone have any ideas ......... 
off today back to work tomorrow 
long day at the science center again ................... sprink break starts tomorroww 
Tommorrow is b day and i dont know what to do ... I have to work till 5 i think 
Thanks everone for wishing me happy bday . Well I am going to go out this weekend to let lose . bad day at work 
I hate spring break at the science center . so god dame busey ... no staff and screaming kids allday long .................. i need to go on vacation ....... 
i am up here in < PROPFEMALE > valley mn .. For class for work I am soooo Board 
I sooo need a new job ... anyone have any thoughts 
well its was a nice day outside ... I work till 6 < PROPFEMALE > 
Bord i dont know what to do today or tonight 
Siting down here at the science center due to a party tonight and i am really board 
Just relaxing on my part day off ..... Going out tonight and tear up the twon lol 
I am still here at work since 8 this moring yukkkkkkkkkkkk 
Long day at work .. I hope tomorrow brings me some good news about my job interviews 
Board sitting at home . Have to work tomorrow yukkkkkkkkk , I am going out tomorrrow 
sitting at home on a sunday night ....... being board 
i am off today so i dont know what to do with my self 
Being board . anyone got any ides two get me from not bring bored ......... 
i think i need t0 lose 12 pounds .. I hate when you get older it hard to lose it lol 
Well I have to work all day tomorrow . It sucks I really Hate my job sometimes 
visting family today soooo much funnnnnnnnnnnn 
I am of today so I dont know what to do with my self 
well off today but dont know what to do with myself ... I think i am going to run a little bit 
Back to work tomorrow yyyyyyyuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuukkkkkkkkkkkk 
So I have to work at 15 hour shift tomorrow .... YUUUUUKKKKKKKKKKK 
I hate paying bills >>> I feel like I cant get them caught up . I do them more come in fuck 
i am off today so I think I will work out for a litttle bit 
well tonight is going to suck . My head hurts 
well today just sucks ass . work sucks so I hope tonight get better 
Tomorrow I am going to Waukesha , WI for a whole week .. So I dont know what to do when I get there ... Its For my job ...... So I hope its going to be fun 
Well I am still in pewaukee , wi for two more days sooo much fun 
well i got two more days o class to do .. I cant wait to go home . I found out today that my excoworker died today drug overdose ........ 
one more day of class 
Working Tomorrow on sunday soooooo thrilled 
A really bad day at wrk so I hope It goes sooo much better tomorrow 
well i am off today i think after the hoilday i will have a yard sale 
I walked around grays lake today so I think tomorrow I run again around it .. Slow day at work for sure ..... 
Work is going good today but thursday is going to suck ass ................ 
Well I think I am going to get out of work soon . Today was a rough day for sure .. I need to go runing round grays lake to night .......... 
Ok i am board .. I am going out tonight 
Well I have to go intwo work for a little bit . It sucks so Then I am off today so I dont know what to do today ... Anyone know cuse i sure the hell dont lol 
Well I layed out today and i got burnt really bad love it so now i got some coler on me instead of being casper lol 
I had a good time off work .... THanks god ... 
Today is going to be a good day .... I had the weekend off . Doing a yard sale this weekened soooo much fun ... I love the rain ..... 
Well today sucks ass 
well i think my sunburn is getting better god it hurt so bad . My chest look like a babys red ass lol ...... So i learned my lesson is two wear sunbock 
Is gay pride this weekend or what ...... 
Well a long frenking week 
I really Hate my job . Sooooooooooooooo Need a new one 
SO today just sucks .. I put my two weeks inon sun and my boss decides to fire me today so what the fuck ..... 
Well just got back in town comeing home tomorrow 
Well I just love life ... I start my new job on the 12 so i am excited .................... No more long houres ..... So I am takeing a week off to get my shit together ................ 
Being lazey today . Start my new job next monday .. cant wait 
well today is a boring day .............. i did some exticement in my life anyone has any ideas 
So today was a good day I think I layed round the pool all day .. and got red like allways .. so mon is my first day back to work for my new job ......... yukkkkkkkkkkkkk 
So today is going to be a lazy day . Got to clean house and then i might be off to see a movie .................. 
Ok so i Got my internet back today so . I switched to quest . I am soooo Happy 
Well back to work tomorrow ... Ran around raccoon river today with < PROPFIRST > and there was some eye < PROPFEMALE > out there for sure ..... 
Sitting at hme being board .......... 
Well I am depressed . I dont know if I did something wrong or the person dont want to be with me .. So I am very sad .................... Cuse have you very loved someone before but you dont realised it to later on down the road ...... HAs this happened to you ?? 
Well Its sunday >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> 
Ok I am board .. I dident do shit allday lol 
Well back to work again this week . < PROPFEMALE > the weekend is over 
Well today just sucks ..... I was late 30mins for work then I had to go hoke to get my store key fuck ... Then I have these feelings inside just wanted to burest 
Doing reports for my case worker ... I have 2 and half months to go yukkkk 
Well today was long and trieing at work today .. I only work 4 hr tomorrow i am so happy 
Just got of work . Tried as hell 
I am so fucking mad at my brothers . They never consider on how I feel . I take care of my mother full time and I have to drive her around which is fine bet my brother can’t come to pick her up or meet me half way cause it’s a 1hr and a half there . No I have to drive her the whole fucking way because they don’t care about my feeling or that I work 16 hrs . today .. Fucking bullshit . Fuck them all . 
Well today was a lazy day . I had a great time with < PROPFIRST > so it was good 
Well back to work tomorrow yukkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk 
Well back to work so thrilled >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> 
Well today was a good day at work I guess . I stocked for 7 hours and my are is hurting so bad ......... and tomorrow is truck day < PROPFEMALE > ... 
My heart and Prayers go out to < PROPFIRST > and his family . Hes father passed away .... So I am thinking about him 
< PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > are driveing to idaho .. to make it to the funeral 
So what am I going to do ... I have the whole house to my self till sunday ..... 
Well I found out that I have tomorrow off to ... 
Ok I am board ............................ 
OK I am board again today .. What to do today 
Well I am board again lol .... I guess I will go to bed 
Got to work tomorrow at 12 
Well today was a busey day at work and tomorrow i have to work 10hrs tomorrow so I hope it goes fast cuse today did and i was a hour and a half getting out of there 
Well today just sucks .. work was so busey but i got out of there 2 hours late ... god I need a drink 
I have today off and i am going to go run for a awhile .. Tomorrow back to work 
well off to < PROPFIRST > dads funarel .. what a day 
Had a sad and a good day today it was < PROPFIRST > dad funarel today so sad . Then the evening got better had a good time with < PROPFIRST > and his family 
Well today was a busey day at work for sure .. Tomorrow is going to suck lol . Mom is back home i am happy to report .... so I am stressed out about bills but i will get over it lol 
Today was a long day at work . My twin brother will be here sat . I cant wait . I really want to go to the fair 
Well I get my cable hooked up tomorrow I am so excited lol . I am going to run tomorrow and sweet my ass off . Like I did today 
ok sorry My twin brother and his bitch soon to be wife is comeing ... lol 
Tomorrow 
What a good day , I have to work for 8 hours today ...... My body is acks today 
had a good day at work busey like allways . My twin brother and his wife a daughter took me and mom out to eat to < PROPMALE > city love that place .. I am haveing a good time with my bro and his family god miss them alot so I am going to make more of a aforat to see them to .... 
My twin brother is really sick in the head ..... But you got to love him 
So tomorrow now i have to work < PROPFEMALE > but its more houres i guess .. I am glad the whole family is comeing up and we are going to the fair on wed yaaaaa . god bless you everone lol 
Well my shoulder has hurting allnight long I think I only slept 3 hours so I took some pills so I hope the sweling goes down in the shoulder . So now I have to work tonight till midnight ya so exticed . So tomorrow is a good day for the fair the whole family is going cant wait I need to get out the house and whay from work . I am missing < PROPFIRST > right now I havent seen him I about a week ...... Love hime so much 
Well now its been a few days now I cant sleep . I wake up and my shoulder hurts in so much pain and my left arm goes numb . I really dont know what to do anymore . I cant take this pain .... So today is my day off and we are going to the fair ... 
Well I had a blast last night at the fair . Going to go sunday . got burnt a little bit like allways ... I am so tried 
Well today my sholder is still hurting again so I am going to the work comp doctor . So tomorrow is my long day 12 hours yyyyyuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuukkkkkkkkkkkk 
Well to day is a sad note . My twin and his family left today back to ohio cuse school starts .. Well i hurt my right arm today and it swelled up 
It was soooooo hot at the fair today . I was only out there for 4 hours and had to go home .... Shoulder still hurting like a bitch need to go to the doctor tomorrow I hope 
Well what to do today on my day off ..... 
Well today is another day that i am in pain but i guess i will deal with it since the work comp is not working out good . baster So back to the grind stone again yukkkkk 
Well today is going to be a long day yukkk . Invertory tonight at work ... I cant belive its thursday allready . Takeing mom to doctor shes haveing pain in her left leg and its so hevey to ... 
I so need my contacts I hate wearing glasses . 
Well I get to go to my doctor today on my soulder and hand that hurts like hell . Well Today i have to close tonight and tomorrow night to < PROPFEMALE > before I get one day off .... 
So today was a long day when i got to work the place was a fucking mess .. So i was 2 hours getting out of work tonight . but oh well . I get paid hourly yaa ... its all good . I went to the doctor today and got some pills for my hand that is swellon . so they think i have cartannel . I cant spell it lol 
I hope tonight goes better at work I am going to try harder I guess since my boss thinks I fuck off all the time .. So I am going to start drinking I think thats what i need 
Well today was a good day at work .. I got alot of cleaning done and out of ther at a desent time lol .... So tomorrow i dont know what to do with my self clean my car for sure 
Well only spet 4 hours up all night hurting . my hand was just throbbing all night I dont know why the pills i have been takeing helped i really hope i dont have arpal tunnel . I cant go < PROPFEMALE > thisw right now .. to many worries . my mother might have to have a hip replacement we will know that on tue for sure ... i got to many bills from beeing laid off . can anything else go wrong this year lol 
Well I need to go again and get hair cut cuse the bitch at great clips fucked it up lol 
I hope I sleep good tonight . I was up all night hurting again . So i took so of my pain pills so I better sleep goood . I do go to the doctor on tus to see if i do have car tunnel yukkk 
Well up again in pain . Cant sleep hand hurting so bad this time i started to cry and cant .. the docotor gave me finnaly something for the pain percocet pain killers . 
well i have to work at noon < PROPFEMALE > . i hope theres not much to do lol . not even i the mood lol 
well my hand is hurting again . so this time its worse lol . i give up . cant wait till tue when i get the test done to see whats worg with my hand and why its hurting like a sun of a bitch . then wed will no if the out come is going to be 
I need a work out partener .................. 
Going to do my test to day to see whats wrong with my hand and arm . And tomorrow i have a appt with the speciatals . 
Well I am off today and tomorrow > I have my appt with the specialest today so i hope they fixed my hand .... So I think I am going to run today since I cant affored yet to go to the gym lol 
I am going to run 10 < PROPMALE > today since it is nice out 
Well today was a shitty day . I went to the specialists today and my results came back I have to have surgey on my hand I have Carpal Tunnell . So before they rule it out he wants to have a MRI done first cuse I have no feeling in my thumb . cuse he thinks its only have of the median nerve in my thumb is damage so we its going to do any think yet till the mri comes back . 
cuse i have still a hudge lump on my plam of my hand . and o found out my bones in my hand are all discolated to . so the mri is going to show why cuse the x rays dident 
So tried today . My hand starting up hurting again . so back to no slept I hope they aprove the mri on my hand and arm so I can get the shoot soon And watch the pain go away lol 
I am going to be come a lesben .. yup i am 
Well I was up allnight again due to my hand hurting . Well they approved the mri to be done on my hand so I hope I dont have to do surgey . I really dont need this right now .. To much shit going on .. 
Well I am of today . but tried to slep in and couldent cuse my hand strarted to hurt again 
Well back to work today . i have to go in at 10 to close but now i have sunday off so it will be nice .. God cant wait to get bills caught up and not worring about things lol ... Well I do my mri tomorrow at 7 in the moring on my hand ... so friday i see the speciatials to figure out what i need to do to get heald . I really hope I dont have to do sergery .. 
Well Today was the most shitty fucking day today at work . I deal with the most stupied and dume ass people on the southside lol . I busted my ass today and I was still behind all fucking day . Thank god I have the Friday , Sat , Sun off ..... So I am going out sat and getting drunk . I go Tomorrow at 7 in the moring for my mri on my hand yukkkk . So I hope they find out whats wrong .. 
well the MRI hurt like a bitch this morning . god i was in so much pain laying there for 2 hours . so i go tomorrow and see what the resultes are 
Well I got a Cortisone Shot today in my wrist . ouch let me tell you . so i hope this works cuse surgury is the last resourt/ thank god so i am praying this works . I hope the inflammation goes down and it gets healed up . He says it will work so I dont have to do carpel tunnell on my hand .. And I should get better soon 
God I am going to hate when i get older fuck . All this pain I am in And I am only 29 damme it . 
Ok I Am board 
Board lol What to do today 
So I am board today . I dont know what to do today ......... 
Well today I will depress . I dont know why maybee I need some loveing in my life . Its been weeks lol . I dont know 
Well this weekend was shitty . I work all weekend yukkkk 
Well I am off tomorrow so I think I am going to clean my room and do some stuff around the house > I guess i am going to be board 
Well I am off tomorrow Well I am covering a shift for a good friend tomorrow so its not so bad . But my schedul next week sucks let me till you 
Well I have to pay bills tomorrow and then I am going to be broke again .... 
Well today is a cold day . I have to work open to close tonight yukkkkkkkkk . so today is going to suck 
Every single one of you are on my friend list , as a result of conscious decision . I wanted you there ! I am not only glad to count you as friends but also family . Lets see who on my friends list actually pays attention . Copy & paste this as your status . I'll be watching to see ... who really does < PROPFEMALE > family & friendship ..... 
What a day . It was so busey at work god I was so glad it ened 
What to do today , I am board sitting at home 
Ok farm friend how do you get a haunted house for farm vill . I looked it up and its not there lol 
Tomorrow Is my long day . Yukkkkkk I hate longs days 
Well today is a sad day I lost a dear friend he was only 22 . < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > BRAATZ will be missed by everone .. 
Meaning that smart people are more precious then people who are not smart . with a scale moving down to what we humans perceive as the least intelligent or the least precious . I think the preciousness of life depends very much on what you think life is . beauty is to be found every where no mater how lowly it may seem . 
A question well worth considering , Humans say human life is precious because we are sentient and intelligent and we understand ourselves . However we don't see the life of animals having a great deal of importance because they don't have the same ability to organize as we humans . So the preciousness of life to the majority today depend on your intelligence 
I have sunday so i might lay in bed all day >>>>>>> 
Well had a good day today . cooked out went out to the lake . but i really dont want to work tomorrow yukkk 
wtf its monday yukkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk 
I am depressed . I am going to the doctor on friday to talk to him abot my stress . I noticed as i get older its hard for me to clam down with my stress . before it was easyer now its alot harder . I wake up stress . I know my job is stress full . Takeing care of my mother is a full time job . and no one wants to be with me cuse i have to take care of her . I dont understand . 
well i has fired today so I am back to square one again .... I hate Aldis . The comany is so fucked up 
What a day .. Job Hunting Today yukkkk 
WellI had my interview at Casyes today so I hope she calls me if not I am fucked lol . I will have to start selling my ass lol I am teasing . I think I will it was a good interview so 
Well No job yet ................. Still Trying 
Just sitting at home being board . Just came back from my brothers house . So I am going job hunting tomorrow yukkkk 
Well what to do today .. 
So I start working tomorrow . Cant wait 
Well fuck I want to run but it sooooo cold out and < PROPFEMALE > and now its started to rain . so i guess i will be workout at home lol 
OK i AM BOEARD i WANTED TO GO OUT BUT iTS TO LATE SO BAH BAH 
Well I am likeing my new job ... so i am going on a 2 weeks on day off 
So much family drame today . loard helps us lol . so back to work tomorrow at 4 am yukkkkk 
You know If my family kepts it up with there lies and bullshit . They are ever going to see me or there mother ever again . Since I am the only taking care of her . Its really sad that our family is falling apart . I dont understand ... 
Oh what a night 
well what a day worked 16 hours today so I have to get some rest I have to be back in at 4 in the moreing yukkk . So i really need to go work out for sure trying to get back to the gym need to tomorrow for sure 
I need a work out partener . or a trainer 
what a day for sure 
So who want to call my headquaters for my job and tell them I am doing a good job and my store looks clean lol I am trying to get a manager job and I need all the help I can 
I need a work out partener . whos going to help me 
Well Today was my first day off in 2 months . So I need to go get drunk with someone tonight 
I am so sick of dealing with fucking young kids at work . I have to lay down the law with them or what . I will fire everone lol gurrrrrrrrrrrrrr 
Board .. Going to take a hot bath 
Well off to bed I guess . Long day tomorrow 
Well today was a good day . My boss stop in and got some thing done . So I am going to get a member ship to the gym for sure .. Does anyone want to be my work out partner 
Off to work . Its going to snow today great 
Well I better get to bed . havve to work allday tomorrow like always .. 
Well I hope we get a foot of snow so I can sleep in lol 
I need to get drunk . And let lose a bit 
Its so nice that i got to sleep till noon . my one day off .. now what to do 
Well off to bed long day tomorrow yukkkkk 
Well shit . So tried today . I started working out fun fun . my legs hurts and my man boobs lol 
I cant figure out the dame schedule for work . i have been working on it since sun . nobody wants to fucking work . go figure ............. what to do lol 
Seating at home being board . 
Well what can i say . Its been a long day . Going to go work out i think lol 
I dont know what to do today . Anyone have any ideas 
Well I did my first workout with the trainer today . The squats suck my leg are so soar . So I want to get buff lol 
Well Tomorrow is a big day . Its my birthday am turning the big 30 < PROPFEMALE > . life over . what am i going to do ???????????????????????????????? My twin is in town so It will be a blast 
I am starting to feel better . I got to drunk last night first time ever yukkk 
What the hell to do today . On my one day off .... Going to gym in a bit . Does anyone a member to anytime fitness ?????????? 
