< PROPMALE > Patterson is wishing on a < PROPFEMALE > ( Alnilam to be exact ) 

says \Take a < PROPMALE > ! All life is a < PROPMALE > . The man who goes the furthest is generally the one who is willing to do and dare\ " - < PROPFIRST > Carnegie " 
is spending the holidays in kansas City ! Tonight I see The < PROPFEMALE > and the Frog ! 
AHhhhhhhhhhhhh !!!!!! MORE SNOW !!! I'm going stir crazy ! 
Falling asleep while online . It's bedtime . I hope < PROPFIRST > feels better . 
Work , Work , Work ! Another website in the works . 
OK , I guess this is as much sleep as I am ever gonna get anymore . More stuff to do ! 
says , \I'd say it's been my biggest problem all my life ... it's money . It takes a lot of money to make these dreams come true . \"" 
is ready to turn in his grown-up card . I remember when I could walk past a front yard full of weeds and not even notice ! 
Is thinking of shopping for a new laptop before his old one gives out . 
Is excited and proud of all of the members of < PROPFEMALE > Sound Waves . Most improved chorus 2 years in a row , and some new high scores for the chorus ! 
Starts working full time on Main Street USA beginning May 9 ! 
is going to New York City and staying on Times Square Apr 30 - May 2 
... Pulse 
I AM NOT drunk dialing . Consider yourself lucky . 
Main Street USA today , Times Square tomorrrow . 
Excellent dinner in the city , now freshening up before seeing Avenue Q . 
Avenue Q was every bit as great as I expected . I laughed , I cried , I bought from the gift shop . 
Rode the Subway to ground zero , the saw Battery Park and the statue of < PROPFEMALE > . Tonight ... Sardi's for dinner and < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . 
Our hotel has been evacuated due to a suspicious vehicle on Times Square . May be on the street till morning . 
Safely back on our room . Times square still empty . See picture 
On standby , but have a guarenteed flight that gets us home at midnight . 
And ... A waste of my time 
Safely home in Florida ! 
Let's go bowling . Who's coming ? 
One day more , another day , another < PROPFEMALE > . This never-ending road to Calvary . 
quote's lyrics \Sometimes I walk alone at night When everybody else is sleeping . I think of him and then I'm happy With the company I'm keeping . The city goes to bed And I can live inside my head . \"" 
got to < PROPFEMALE > out with PUSH today . Just talkin trash and making dreams come true . 
Forgot to sleep last night and this shift at work is killing him . 
' s best girl arrives at 8:16 pm tonight ! Yay ! 
is excited . She's here ! 
is now seasonal . call for availability . 
thinks peace and happiness can be found in ones own home when surrounded by the right people . 
has a day off and is gonna do fun things with fun people . 
is at disney's Polynesian resort for fireworks in 15 minutes . 
is having dinner at Citrcos at Disney's Grand Floridian Resort . 
is doing Walt Disney World with Mr C and Miss H ! woohoo ! 
is wearing black socks , shoes and belt with brown pants and a shirt with navy blue in it ! 
just had the best time with his best girl and friends . already planning the next one ! 
is boarding the Hungarian Horntail ! 
is taking on the Chinese Fireball . 
is about to experience < PROPMALE > Potter and the forbidden journey . 
is determined to get ahead , but the hurrier he goes , the behinder he gets . 
has spent a lifetime tilting at windmills . 
is people watching at EPCOT . strangely , the social dynamic of my own party are most interesting . 
is gonna party it up at Pulse tonight . 
is downtown Disney bound . 
is daydreaming about seeing someone again . 
is content and happy . what a perfect day ! 
has been stuck in traffic behind an accident for 30 minutes and it could be at least 30 more ! 
is enjoying dinner in Japan . 
say , \Never again will I own a home ! I'm up to my ankles in water and poop and it's time to be in bed ! Ahhh ! \"" 
feels accomplished ! New tires , new brakes , and a new vehicle registration , and he saved $260 by doing the work himself . 
I like it on the ... wait ! I don't even own a handbag ! 
10/10/10 
Just to clear up a nasty rumor that seems to be going around ... I do not poop . 
\The air is hummin ' and somethin ' GREAT is comin ' \"" 
Trick or Treat ?! 
is looking forward to seeing Jekyll and Hyde at Park Hill High School on Friday and Saturday ! Break a leg cast ! 
Great work day !!! Done ! 
is seeing CATS at Winnetonka High School tonight and then going to a karaoke party ! Everyone else should too . 
This is a journey to the horizon , you can see past if its real to you , than we could meet on the other side 
some things are finer than gold 
sings , \I'll be home for Christmas ... \ " Just 5 more hours . " 
