Keep a clean nose . 

Be careful tonight . I almost died . Mother natures not playing around . ~ 1Love ~ 
Mingle with the good people we meet . 
I dont wanna wait in vain for your love . 
Really considering getting dreads . Just one or two because I dont think you can donate dreads . Yes or no ? 
By the way , which one's pink ? 
donuts ? Donuts !? DONUTS ! 
Thinking about going for a run down the beach , than hitting up the < PROPMALE > hall workout . Gotta strengthen up the shoulder . Anybody down ? 
Endurance is the word . 
Your everything I want , if only I could be what you want . 
Im hungry . 
Starting to realize that there's more frauds out there than I thought . If your fake just stay away ! We should send yall to the < PROPFEMALE > to colonize and get yall the funk outta here lmao . ~ RealTalk ~ 
Im full . : x . Ahh , stomach ..... 
Mazel tov ! 
Watching A/K/A < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > on netflix . 
Ive never known happiness , Ive never known what sweet caress is , Still Ill be always laughing like a clown , Wont someone help me cause I , Ive got to pick myself from up off the ground . 
We have got to change for the better of our children . ~ 1Love ~ 
Illusion , confusion , thats the American way . 
Dont you know Ive got to ride on . 
I think its time 2 shredd . 
Anybody down 2 jam ? 
I melted my face off ! And my fingers are still smoking . 
If im playing to loud for you neighbors , please quit bitching and put some earplugs in ! 
All hell cant stop us now . 
Getting on some online poker . 
What the funk is going on in the world ? Why is everybody fighting for ? This shit is ridiculous . Everybody thinks life is a big joke . People KNOW the difference between right and wrong and if you say you dont your a big fucking liar . What do you think is going to happen to you when you pass away and meet our creator ? Sit down and think about the consequences of your actions . ~ 1Love ~ 
Trippen . 
We dont need no more trouble , no more war , no more fight , unify , equal rights , man-made problems can be resolved by man-made solutions . World wide peace IS NOT just a figment of our imagination , it is a definite possibility . ~ 1Love ~ 
Fixing to work on the 4runner . You should uhh buy me new parts c : . 
I know your looking for someone , but it aint me babe . 
You put your left leg down , your right leg up , tilt your head back lets finish the cup . Jammin at the shop tonight . Swing by ! 
What ?! 
Its hard to believe that , theres nobody out there . 
Backscratcha ! 
I could not recognize the faces standing over me , they were all dressed in uniforms of brutality . 
Do you want me to be fucking retarded ? 
“God made woman beautiful and foolish ; beautiful , that man will love her ; and foolish , that she might love him” 
Skype ..... 
Goodnight friends . ~ 1Love ~ 
Getting ready to go running down the beach then hit up the < PROPMALE > Hall workout . Down ? 
Baby girl , I Love you . ;) 
\This is the best part of the tripp this is the tripp the best part I really like . What !? \ " -Jimbo- " 
Random ? 
Trouble loves me . 
Oh yea \Happy Valentines Day\ " -_- ........... " 
U see the things that happen when all ur tryin 2 do is b a good friend ? U get ur name put 2 shame by outsiders who dont know the truth . I dont give a fuck wut they say about me if my friends r cold I will take the shirt off my back , that goes 4 anybody needin help . Or they notice N take advantage of . So wtf am I supposed 2 do ? B just as fake as the others ? Or have people look down on me due 2 ignorance ? Growup sumday kids . Pz 
Will you be my valentines ? 
About to hit up the bowflex than maybe beach and bonfire ? 
Broken clavicle broken schmavicle ! Do work son ! Rawr ! 
Aint nothin but a G thang baby . 
Even though she doesnt love me , I still have my friends and thats good enough for me . Bonfire , get at me if your down . 
~ 1Love ~ 
Anybody know the best place to file my taxes ? 
Yeaaaahhhhhh ! Sun is shining . Funk the cold ! This isnt Alaska and im not an Eskimo ! 
And I stay high so high . 
I'm lying I am afraid ..... 
Every little thing is gonna be alright . ~ 1Love ~ 
Taking care of business than beach for a workout and kickback . I love my city . ~ 1Love ~ 
What a bummer . MKHTDFK , KUGLJTKDSKMJUYNVKCU6EDNHXGD !!!!!! 
Breathe in : x , breathe out :o . * Repeat * 
Heine ..... 
Mmmmm food . 
Deep in the Heart of Texas . 
Endurance is the word . Jam sess tonight , yeeeeaaaahhhh ! 
Fun night with NO alochol . Oh yeaaaahhhh . Skype ? 
Nvm im tired as hell . Night . ~ 1Love ~ 
One of my favorite thing's to do is sleep after she's fallen asleep in my arm's . 
Do ya Love me < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > . Ohh do ya do ya do ya do ya do ya , do ya think you Love me < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > . 
What's the deal ? 
So , this blonde walks into a bar , than says ouch ! :D . 
Beach for a run than < PROPMALE > Hall workout ? Uhh yezzur . 
Nvm . Guna study some songs than jam the funk out . 
White tigers on leashes at my feet and frosty mountain tops on tables . 
Eye of the tiger . At < PROPMALE > Hall getting my sweat on . 
In this life I know , there's lots of grief , but your Love is my relief . 
Can you dig it ? Cause I'm diggin you . 
I dont care what other people think or how they feel about me , all that matters is how I think and feel . Maybe thats why Im so content with myself . I dont think I am above or below anybody , because we are all equal . But does that make me selfish ? ~ RealTalk ~ 
I realize that Im a big flirt . : X 
His name is rrraalllppphhhh . 
Bonfire anyone ? 
Im going to start a new tribe , its gunna be 10 times better ! Its going to be called the muscle tribe of danger and excellence ! So whos with me !? 
ZzZzZzZzZzZzZzZ . -_- . 
:/ That wasnt a good dream . 
P90X . Havent gotten on this in a while . 
Bowflex ! 
Tear the roof off were gonna tear the roof off the mothersucka , tear the roof off the sucka . 
Free chalupas at the shop tonight ! Come get some . Just pay $5.99 for shipping and handling . 
Peace Tea with special herbal additives . (-_-) ZzZz 
I think I love < PROPFEMALE > Liu . X ) 
Fat bottom girls you make the rocking world go round . 
Surf Club . Be there or else ! 
Drop acid not bombs . 
Cheech : Hey man , am I driving ok ? \ 
Chong : I think were parked man . 
Needs some fishing buddies ! 
Stay still ! 
SoCo , coke and lime ..... Want some ? 
If we meet on the streets and I dont recognize you right away , please dont get mad or think I'm a < PROPMALE > , just blame it on Tetrahydrocannabinol . 
Mexican Americans dont like to just get into gang fights they like flowers and music and white girls named < PROPFEMALE > too . 
I'm sorry , I was trying to treat you like a lady , I should have known you wanted to be treated like a hoe . 
Speak up ! You have a voice . 
How could I be so wrong ? To think that we could get along . 
Down , down , down , down . 
All I need are some tasty waves , a cool buzz and I'm fine . 
Breathe in : x . Breathe out :o . * Repeat * 
Dont let them change ya , or even rearrange ya . We've got a life to live , they say only , only , only the fittest of the fittest shall survive . Stay alive . 
I remember her . 
Beach anyone ? Anyone ? You ? How about you ? Anyone ? Anyone ? 
Hungry ? 
(-_-) ZzzZzZ 
Reading .... 
Good WILL prevail over evil . Even if it's not clearly seen , eventually it will happen . Dont give up or in . Faith . ~ 1Love ~ 
Bowflex . 
Wash cloths , workout , run , shower , jamm sess , Surf club tonight . 
I'm calm like a bomb ! 
My heart hurts . Maybe some red wine will help . 
Ahh . I feel much better ..... 
Reading . 
It's like bringing a knife to a gun fight . 
What's a good country song I can learn ? 
Feeling country and blues influenced , so I wrote a country blues song ! 
\Some beach\ 
All I need is some crown , sticky icky , and my guitar and I'm fine . 
' When I was just a young boy , my mamma told me son , always be a good boy dont ever play with guns , but I shot a man in Reno , just to watch him die . \ - < PROPFIRST > Cash- " 
Astral Traveling . 
I think I'm doing just alright . ;) 
Band practice than ? Get at me . 
What in tarnation's a gotdamn gucci !? 
This doja smells like it came straight out of a skunk's asshole . Who just finished drinking a 6 pack of skunky corona . 
You and your voodoo ..... 
Just saw that movie < PROPFIRST>'s Day . Feel super sad and lonely now . Makes me realize that everyday is exactly the same . 
I'm good ! :D And a bigass liar . 
Hmm California for spring break ? 
P90X . 
And you wonder why they call you bitch . 
Is it just me or are there really ads on fb ? 
Thinking about making a twatter . 
Can ya dig it ? 
Would you call me a fat bastard if I told you I just ate a 12oz . NY Strip with mashed potatoes , green beans , a roll , and 2 beers and I'm still hungry ? 
I'm talking about Love . 
Burnin and a-lootin tonight . 
WHAT !? I CANT HEAR YOU ! 
< PROPFIRST > Halla I am coming ! 
Im giving up profanity for lint . Hopefully it carries on so I wont have a potty mouth anymore :/ 
I'm gonna climb a mountain , the highest mountain Lord ! Jump off aint nobody gonna know . 
8Mile/Sleep 
They Shook . 
Woke up to a fresh 3 G's in the account today , today's gonna be a good day . ~ 1Love ~ 
Just in case yall didnt know , forgot , or might not believe , I thought I'd remind that I love you all like brother's and sister's . ~ 1Love ~ 
P90X while I wait for my laundry to finish . 
You think I aint worth a dollar but I feel like a millionaire . 
When I really think about it , everyday is better than the day before . ~ RealTalk ~ 
My prayers go out to the families and victims of the quake/tsunami . R.I.P. 
H.O.R. tonight for street junkies than the chop shop for trev's 21st . Get at me . 
My corona ! 
Super nintendo sega < PROPFEMALE > , when I was dead broke man I could'nt picture this . 
Just gonna chill tonight , kick back and unwind . Write some lyrics and work on some song's . ~ 1Love ~ 
Watching \When You're Strange\ " By : Tom Dicillo . " 
Medicated < PROPFEMALE > ! How do you really feel ? 
Anybody down to go to < PROPFIRST > for SXSW ? 
When I spit my shit you know there is no script , A-Rod stays legit , my body may die but my soul will never quit . -R . A . R . - 
Daaaayyyyyymmmmmmmnnnnnnnnnnn . 
I feel like a hunk of butter melting on top of a big ol pile of flapjacks . 
Fridizzay's . Come have a drink . 
I essentially do thing's that make no sense to others . 
I'm not the only soul who's accused of hit and run , tire tracks all across your back I can see you had your fun . 
Beach . Go ! 
Blurred . What ? 
HELLO ! I Love You . 
I really cant lie anymore , I'm not happy at all . 
Well I hear my train , hear my train a coming . 
LOOKING FOR BANDMATES ! A bassist and a drummer . Gotta have as much ambition as me if not , more . People who thnk outside of thinking outside of the box . People who know there great no matter what others say . AND who doesnt play just as a hobby or fun . Get at me and we'll talk more . ~ 1Love ~ 
The whole world's a gimmick and yall are all slave's , let me take you back to the beginning when nothing mattered but love and existence . Maybe your too deeply involved and controlled by the illusions , if thats the case I'll try my best but in the end it's up to you . Either way , Love me or hate me for whatever reason , might even have been my fault but just know , I Love you . ~ RealTalk ~ 
I'm going way down south ! Way down where I can be free ! A'int nobody gonna find me . 
Let me take you higher . 
I think I'm ready for open mic . 
What ? 
Just re-strung my Ibanez with a < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > in 15 mins ! Thats a record for me . Getting ready for open mic night at The House Of Rock on Tuesday and if things go good Executive Surf Club on Wednesday . I'm about as ready as I'll ever be . < PROPFIRST > it down and come out and see me ! I'll have the bubbleguts and be nervous as hell but I got this . ~ 1Love ~ 
Spinal Tap is making me cry ! XD . 
I had one of the most intense OBE's the other morning . Its such a beautiful free feeling but at the same time very horrifying because what if I reach the point of no return ? Ya dig ? 
I'm super rowdy right now , I need to be heavily sedated , where did I put that Nyquil ? 
Go < PROPFIRST > go go . 
Mmmm vitamins , NOX9 grape , workout , wash cloths , play guitar . Anybody wanna jam today ? 
Solo open mic tomorrow night at The House Of Rock . Come see me ! 
Chick's a tripp like a trick tie me shoes together . 
Keep your eyes on the road your hands up on the wheel ! 
Open mic tonigght . Be there ! 
Yea dude I'll help you get your diesel truck that got stuck in the sand out , than his battery dies ..... Apppft ! 
Abra kadabra my brotha ! 
House Of Rock tonight , come < PROPFEMALE > out and hear the sounds of everyday people like you and me at open mic . I'll be there around 10ish . ~ 1Love ~ 
yeahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh 
I woke up this morning and got myself a beer ! 
I woke up this morning and got myself a glass of water ! Open mic night at the Executive Surf Club . 
Gonna just kick back and relax tonight . Get at me . 
Get the hate out of your heart my friend . 
I dont think I will live very long so I'm going to say what I want and live for today . 
Maybe it has to do with the age of your soul . 
I wanna go watch a moooovie . 
Writing music . 
Oh < PROPFEMALE > of Alabama . 
I'm talking about LOVE ! 
Toes in the sand . 
Getting my 3 day pass for < PROPFIRST > Reggae Fest in April 15-17 . Thinking about getting a tent permit for sunday ! Anybody down ? 
I wont let anything harm you baby . 
I'd rather be naked ! 
Bonfire tonight ? 
Skinny dip anyone ? ;) 
Baby I wont let anything harm you . 
The circus is in town . 
Reading ..... 
Where have all the good people gone ? 
Ahhh ! Nvm gonna jammm on my geeettarr . Oh yea . I Love my baby , she knows what I want to hear . 
Time to make our own constellations . 
Just got my 3 day pass for < PROPFIRST > Reggae Fest and a Sunday tent permit , dont worry , dont worry , Im not gonna do what everybody thinks Im gonna do you know flipp out man ! All I wanna know is whos coming with me ? Whos coming with me man !? 
Beach , bbq , and bonfire ? 
The lunatic is on the sand . 
Jump in the fire . 
If you dont have scars I dont think your living life to the fullest . 
When your strange . 
The < PROPFIRST > of the shark reassures danger . 
True divinty lies within the heart . 
I do things differently , I put a destructive/chaotic spin on things , I like to defy physics , I have the courage and audacity to ask why and come up with my own conclusions , I am who I am , I Love who I am , and I'm very content with that . I do things < PROPFIRST>'s way . ~ RealTalk ~ 
I cant fully understand the concept of \hatred\ " . You are just bringing negative energy and sickness upon yourself . You might have specific \ " reasons\ " for why you \ " hate\ " but I think people just need to grow up and get over it . Lifes too short . ~ 1Love ~ " 
Sometime's your biggest enemy is yourself . 
Easy skanking . 
< PROPMALE > is everywhere . 
In these times of turmoil , darkness , uncertainty , not knowing how the future will play out , we need to have faith , Love in one another as brothers and sisters , work together as a whole and reach a reasonable conclusion that does not benefit one more than another , but that treats ALL equally . Its time to grow up and accept loses or condemn humanity . 
Tell all the people that you see . We'll be free . Follow me down . 
R.I.P. Bro . 
Puppets , I cut my strings and learned how to walk on my own . 
Hello , I Love you . 
Feeling down . Anybody wanna talk ? 
Booking rooms for < PROPFIRST > Reggae Fest . 
Ready for < PROPFIRST > Reggae fest . I have this idea , I'm going to somehow disable a dollar < PROPMALE > where it cant be used and paint Peace and Love on both sides , change a hundred dollar < PROPMALE > for 100 dollar < PROPMALE > s than throw them about as a message for Peace and Love . What do you think ? Or maybe Scan 100 dollar < PROPMALE > s ...... 
So many evils in the world trying to make me frown and bring me down but I'll never stop spreading Love all around until my soul is free and my body lays in the ground . -A . Rod- 
Took a mean ass nap , now I'll be up for the rest of the day . Gotta change this nocturnal state ! 
It's a punky reggae party . 
Here's another hit < PROPMALE > Bonds . 
Your my boy Blue ! 
Long ass day . Anybody down to grab some grub and drinks ? 
< PROPMALE > . 
< PROPMALE>'s services ..... 
(-_-) 
Well she's walking , through the clouds . 
Pullin an allnightshift , than tent at reggae fest tomorrow . 
Easy easy ..... 
Free Love . Come get yours . 
Let's make some music . Anybody ? Anybody ? 
Purple Haze . 
Skanking to my left , throw some swagga to my right . 
Thirsty . Theos ! 
She'll get you . 
The universe speaks to me in tongues I can almost fully understand . I have visions of energies and matter interacting with everything around . These are my words to the fullest of my knowledge of the universal influences that teaches us all . The time has come for mankind to metamorphosize into the beautiful creation the universe intended . The time has come for evolution of the mind , body and spirit . 
People say , Im a rebel , let them talk . Soul rebel , talk wont bother me . Im a capturer , thats what they say ! Soul adventurer , night and day . Im a rebel . Soul rebel , do you hear them they preachin ! Im a capturer , gossip around the corner . Soul adventurer , how they adventure on me . - < PROPMALE > Marley- 
Oh show me the way to the next whiskey bar . 
<3 
Music falling all around . 
I turn 23 on Easter Sunday , April 24 . Trippy . 
In music if you own the sounds your making , there will never be a wrong note . 
When I was just a baby my mama told me son , always be a good boy dont ever play with guns but I shot a man in Reno , just to watch him die . 
Needs a down to earth real girl . Too many frauds involved in games . 
Put it in the air . 
Well I stand up next to a mountain , I chop it down with the edge of my hand . 
Thanks for the happy bdays ! Happy Easter friends ! ~ 1Love ~ 
Hmm beach bonfire sounds good tonight . Who's down ? 
I've been fat lately :/ . 
If I wanna hear you talk I'll stick my arm up your ass and work your mouth like a puppet . 
Yeaaa . 
