RAGIN baby ! This new years was F*CKING AWESOME ! 

Festivities in Guild Wars every three hours and I just bought 200k worth of lockpicks , but I have to work today :( 
Josh : \How come < PROPFEMALE > doesn't come up to play us [ Michigan] ? \ " Dad : \ " Because you always come down to play us . \"" 
Lesson learned : Don't EVER have anything that gives energy at 18:00 . 
Going to bed much earlier than usual . I need to stop having such bad habits like staying up until four . 
I wish I could fly all the way to Hawaii just for a shaved ice treat . And Obama has his own flavor : < PROPFEMALE > , Lemon , Lime , and Passion-Guava . The store calls it a \Snowbama \"." 
What's the difference between Tiger Woods and < PROPFEMALE > Claus ? < PROPFEMALE > stops after three hoes . By the way , the Tiger count is up to 15 now . He's had 15 bitches with him after his wife . 
That annoying song on the commercial that comes on < PROPMALE > when they slime people has the third most hardcore bass I've ever heard . 
Hey guys , just started Facebook :P 
I need a pic lol 
Does anyone use the chat feature on the bottom toolbar ? 
I just lost the game :D 
HAS A NEW KITTEN ! She's so sweet , but she's a real bomb shell . Her name is < PROPFEMALE > , I call her G . 
I need pics , lol ... and a date would be nice too . Work sucks . 
is becoming a facebook whore :D 
FOOD 
farmville is kinda gay compared to mafia wars 
Did you know that iguanas have TWO penises ? 
Goddamnit , I was suspended from Guild Wars for 70 hours for having a character named \Gods Right Testicle \"" 
Bored ... still suspended from Guild Wars for another 69 hours ... heh , 69 . 
I'M ON A BOAT !!! POSEIDON !!!!!!! ( I f*cked a mermaid ! ) 
wishes he were living most of his dreams . 
is feeling frisky today . I already wrote a bit more in my story , now I'm just watching random stuff on newgrounds :P 
is wondering if all the inappropriate names are giggled at by ANET before they suspend your account 
just friekin SUPERPOWERED his mafia in mafia wars ! 1292 attack and 1113 defense baby ! 
uh , nm I just lost a lot of money on mafia wars :( 
I feel dumb now 
is walking on the < PROPFEMALE > of dreams , cascading over the sea of thoughts , and swimming in the waters of wonder . I'm feeling insightful . 
is totally bored ... meh . 
29 hours left of my Guild Wars suspension ... man I hate that stupid rule . 
Going to el sombrero tonight ! Also , I sneaked onto my grampa's comp while he was away , lol . 
That's one abusive group : When life gives you a full grown cat .. drop kick it over a building 
Work :( 
I have to work on the 4th while everyone else is slamming down drinks and blowing crap up 
Heh , just got Fourthmeal . My room is gonna smell pretty bad tonight :D 
MAN I love fire sauce from taco hell ! 
* Never gonna give you up , never gonna let you down , never gonna give you up , or desert you . * - < PROPMALE > Astley ( ftw ! ) 
Found a bunch of pics on dad's camera , so I'm posting them :D 
Meh , I gotta work today . Be back on at , at , at night 
I opened up a can of Progresso soup and it exploded on me ! Super vaccuum ftw ! 
Time for work . At least I'm getting money , I guess . 
Wow , an easy day ! 
Meh 
kitten is so cute ! 
is getting TONS of new music ! Any suggestions for some good techno / trance artists or songs ? 
Zoosk is gay . They want you to pay for it . Don't bother trying it out . Meh , I'm going to bed . 
My president is black , my lambo's blue 
TO ALL WHO WANT TO HAVE FUN TOMORROW : My friends and I are going BOWLING at the Gainesville Bowling Center across the street from Brake-O . If you want to come , bring $10 or $15 with you and meet us there at six ! 
If you want me to be in your mafia , please send me a request ... I'm out of them XD 
Wow ! More than 50 in my mafia now ! I'm robbing people with ease :D 
Found a wild blackberry bush ! Nom Nom Nom =^_^= 
Being single kinda sucks . I wanted to take someone out to dinner this evening . 
Those blackberries were great ! I'll pick the rest later and get damma to make a pie if I can get enough :D 
Cleaned out the back of dad's truck yesterday . I hope he notices :P 
Mafia Wars is off line for scheduled maintenance . We'll be back in your face shortly . :( 
From now on , I'll start every morning with a random song . Today's song is SimCity 4 Track 14 . I don't know the name of it , but it came from the computer game and is total chill-out music : A crossbreed between contemporary jazz and ambient . 
Once again , I'm out of MW invites for the day . If I sent you a friend request , hit me up with a mafia wars invite . 
I figured out that even though I have nothing in cuba , it's useful . If you fly to Cuba while you're afk , you will only be fought and/or robbed in Cuba . Since I have nothing there , I lose nothing :D 
( Text 503 ): OMG ! i just made a guy walk into a pole when i bent over to pick up my phone ! best confidence boost ever !! 
( TEXT 317 ): she fell asleep and i swear to god that her snoring sounds like an alien trying to communicate with a f*cking toaster . 
( TEXT 831 ): I had a Big < PROPMALE > for lunch , and just crapped out a Whopper ! 
( TEXT 773 ): < PROPFEMALE > just gave me head on top of the ferris wheel and spit out my load 30 ft onto the ground ! ( rec'vd ): Make that 24 ft because it landed on my head . Youre dead . No joke . 
( TEXT 919 ): The greatest thing of my life happened today . I took a dump and it formed a smiley face . It's going to be a f*cking fantastic day . 
( TEXT 305 ): i just thought id be the one to let you know that i woke up naked next to your sister :/ ( rec'vd ): i know it was the least i could do after you paid the 800 dollar bar tab :/ 
( TEXT 808 ): and those juicy C cups turned out to be oddly-shaped A's when her padded bra came off . 
( TEXT 226 ): so ya that raccoon that keeps trying to get in my window .. i just blew pot smoke in his face and i guess it was to much cuz he froze then fell over and rolled off the roof . lmao ... he's all good tho , just seen him staggering away . 
( TEXT 972 ): He didn't think that only three deaths in a week was enough , so leave it to < PROPFIRST > Mays to quadruple the offer ! 
( TEXT 903 ): my dad saw you grinding on the traffic light . he said your a keeper 
( TEXT 702 ): I just woke up naked and covered in skittles . Best night ever ? 
( TEXT 269 ): I just had a conversation in spanish with a raccoon ! 
( TEXT 831 ): I just saw a homeless man dressed as a pirate . I love san < PROPFIRST > . 
( TEXT 757 ): am i an alcoholic if i put vodka in my beer ? 
( TEXT 352 ): dude my phone knows how to spell homie ... highh fivee ! 
( TEXT 831 ): He named his < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , because it parts legs . 
( TEXT 206 ): got weed ? ( rec'd ): I'm really tired of you accidentally texting me when your doing illegal things . I'm taking away your phone . ( sent ): sorry mom ... 
( TEXT 503 ): How is it that you can < PROPFEMALE > a cigarette company for cancer & Mcdonalds for getting fat , but u cant < PROPFEMALE > Budweiser for all the ugly people u boned ? 
( TEXT 330 ): First off : I'm drunk so f*ck you . Second : you weren't a bad girlfriend . Tres : thats 3 in spanish . Number 4 : f*ck 3 Doors Down 
( TEXT 780 ): i ended up puking when i got home from the bar last night . When did we go eat sushi ? ( rec'd ): we didnt , and you owe me a gold fish 
( TEXT 780 ): I was so drunk at the bar that i climbed on the table and yelled , who wants to suck my D*CK !... only a guy said yes . 
( TEXT 414 ): He just told me my vagina smells like his cat . ( sent ): Well does he like his cat ? ( rec'd ): yeah ... ( sent ): Then you're good . 
( TEXT 774 ): his ring tone is the < PROPMALE > brothers . get me the f*ck out of here NOW . 
( TEXT 714 ): found an unmarked box of photos in the garage , they were from when my parents first got together . It was fun laughing at their ridiculous eighties outfits and hairstyles , until I found a pic of my dad . naked . with a boner . 
( TEXT 303 ): I was just giving zach head . Then he started snoring . Good thing or bad thing ? I don't have time to wait for your reply , I going out the window . 
( TEXT 831 ): I just had a conversation with my cat in the shower about pancakes . We both like them a lot . 
( TEXT 828 ): proudest moment : just made a guy walk into a parked car with his mouth hanging open cause of the shirt i'm wearing . 
( TEXT 954 ): you kept singing the copa cabana and saying HAVE A BANANA to random people on the street . you also went up to this poor short guy and hugged him while proceeding to yell I LOVE YOU CHILD MAN into his face . please tell me you're sober now 
( TEXT 305 ): a midget just slapped my ass . it felt gooood . 
( TEXT 905 ): i'm a super ninja shark who feeds on babies with mustaches NOM NOM NOM ! 
( TEXT 323 ): ( rec'd ): im think im gonna kill myself ( sent ): f*ck you b*tch you woke me up 
( TEXT 615 ): Arkansas has a gas station called < PROPFEMALE > and go ... story of my life 
( TEXT 631 ): Should I be offended if he asked if he could use < PROPFEMALE > wrap to eat me out ? 
( TEXT 014 ): If the police come , tell them I'm not here . Cos I just murdered this toilet 
( TEXT 732 ): I was studying for my bio exam and got a text that says ' Let's f*ck ' . It was my grandmother who texted me . 
( TEXT 608 ): so your not supposed to run around screaming \I am the other white meat \"" 
( TEXT513 ): god help us all . i just saw an infant wearing a onesie that said \i don't know who my daddy is \"" 
( TEXT 703 ): She highfived me after i yelled \I'm the clit-commander ! \ " when i came . < PROPFIRST > smith fan and clearly a keeper " 
( TEXT 718 ): you kept yelling ' bird cage ' in between songs and finally the lead singer stopped to ask if you meant ' free bird ' and you said ' f*ck you , i'm not gay ' , needless to say you were kindly escorted out ... 
( TEXT 703 ): ( rec'd ): fucking a dude ( rec'd 1 < PROPFEMALE > later ): i mean : fucking a , dude ( sent ): wow , that comma made all the difference there OMG I TOLD YOU GRAMMAR COUNTS ! 
( TEXT 843 ): sent : happy fathers day !!! ( rec'd ): i'm not a father ( sent ): about that ... 
( TEXT 281 ): I'm about two and a half drinks away from gay . ( 713 ): I'm coming over . 
( TEXT 250 ): there's a handicap in mcdonalds staring at me and drooling . ( rec'd ): stare back and drool 
( TEXT 972 ): i just stoo d in the garage for an hour eating i can't believe it's not butter 
( TEXT 516 ): is it wrong to get wet staring at your own reflection in the mirror while working out because you look really f*ckable ? 
( TEXT 770 ): ( rec'd ): Dude call the exterminator my d*ck is being attacked by spiders ( rec'd ten minutes later ): nvm forgot to shave ... 
Well , that's all for tonight . I need to stop spamming the crap out of my status :D 
I like my amount o fmoney on MW : $ 169,969,699 look at all those 69's 
< PROPFEMALE > is playing with my foot ! Nom nom nom 
Sweet jesus ! Thank you for all the MW invites , guys ! 21 friend requests ! 
WOOT FINALLY HIT 100 MEMBERS ON MW ! 
Ok , I went to Checkers tonight on my neighbor's word that the fries were fantastic ... and I'd give them a 2/5 . Not gonna lie , Checkers is pretty lame . 
My kitten likes to lick my face now . It's kinda cute . 
Cash Flow : $ 7,823,800 every 54 minutes . I woke up this morning with over 100 mil :D Take that , Bayli ! 
Cash Flow : $ 8,541,800 every 54 minutes . I increased it by almost 1 mil today :D I'm feeling well-accomplished . 
Tough day at work today , but I broke 10 mil on my property cash flow :D Tomorrow will be better . Tennis with my grandma and hopefully a birthday party to go to . Good night all ! 
NO ! NOO !!!!! CARTOON NETWORK ISN'T SHOWING CARTOONS ANYMORE !!! That's it , FML , screw TV , it sucks now . 
Nothin better than Waffle House in the morning . ^_^ 
feels like a failure . I've tried for 3 hours to get internet to work on my dad's computer and I can't fix the friekin ' wireless . I'm also in huge trouble for going out last night and not telling him where I was . 
All's well that ends well . Dad isn't so mad and we're ordering a new wireless router for free , thanks to my Aunt A . ^_^ 
FAICBUK YAAAAAAAAAYYYYYY !!!! 
Alright , anyone have untraceable cell phones ? I need them to complete the capo jobs and all I seem to be getting as loot from the electronic store job is computer setups . 
< PROPFIRST > you'd better return my texts ! I want to play tennis today and < PROPFEMALE > out . 
Well , < PROPFIRST > , you disappointed me man . You need to keep your phone with you . 
I've been given loratabs for my wisdom teeth removal . I feel only slightly tired and believe that I won't be able to think correctly for a little bit . 
Attention Mafia : I need a suggestion for who I can promote to my safecracker that can < PROPMALE > my boost . Right now I have < PROPFIRST > Curry and she gives me 13% . 
Still need a suggestion for promotion to top safecracker please . I'm getting 13% and the < PROPMALE > is 15% . 
Not a good day . Minimal sleep due to pain from wisdom teeth removal , /rage quit on guild wars that caused the suspension of my account , and I have to work soon . FML . 
Looked at the positives just now . Dentist appt tomorrow that might cure some pain , < PROPMALE > wants to play tennis tomorrow , re-met a friend that wants to < PROPFEMALE > out , and I still look good even though my cheeks are puffy . Life isn't that bad . 
Dentist appointment today ! Hopefully they will give me something to help me sleep at night . :D 
Boooooooored today . Once again , plans were made and ignored by the person who made them . Is it just me , or do people just not care anymore ? 
Work at 6 , come see me in Men's & Kids at Marshalls :D 
< PROPFIRST > Mccaster : Don't fight me , I didn't know what declare war was , so I checked it out . I will not try to take you out because there's no point . 
ATTENTION MAFIA : I know I declared war on < PROPFIRST > McCaster , but DO NOT ATTACK HIM . I wasn't sure what declare war would do , and I wanted to see . I do not wish to take him out . 
I really needed today . I played Guild Wars for 10 hours , fixed a vaccuum , and ate chinese . Chill out day is complete . :D 
Didn't know it was going to rain this evening . I drove dad's convertible to work . I don't think it ruined the top , though . 
is [ fill in the blank ] . 
GOING TO IHOP FOR GANGSTA DAY ! Come along , and dress like a gangsta ! 
is [ fill in the blank ] 
MAFIA CLAN WAR - I robbed the following : [ BANG]Rebel Vizzini -and- Baby girl 
Hoo-ah baby ! 6-time blood donor today :D 
YESSSSS ! I've prepared and bought everything I need to start collecting TNT's! All I need now is energy and I'll be looting those suckers in no time ! 
SONG OF THE DAY TIME ! Today's song , since it's my favorite , is Air Fantasy Final by HelthRMX . It's an amazing progressive dream trance song that was definitely made in FL Studios . I even used one of the instruments he did once . :P 
First day of school was GREAT ! Afterwards , I played a lot of table tennis ( which I'm getting really good at , wewt ! ) and talked with a random cool chick I met outside the game room . Life is GOOD ! 
I need a life XD 
DAD GOT ME A LAPTOP ! THANKS FOR THE LINK AUNT A ! 
Today , I plan to stress-test my new laptop . Going to run as much as I can at once : Guild Wars , StepMania , Firefox , WMP , etc . 
Waiting on my Windows 7 Ultimate pack is a little frustrating , but < PROPFEMALE > is definitely a virtue 
Airsoft wars , waiting on Windows 7 Ultimate , bought more airsoft guns and a < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > mask for Halloween , burned a TON of stuff in the bonfire last night , and going to fix my Mustang at last ! Life is good . :) 
DUDE I'm at college on facebook ! WEWT ! 
Just got a bullseye , straight-on , in my office chair . Go ahead , ask me how . 
Like Grand Theft Auto ? Check this out , it pretty much sums up the game : http://www.vgcats/com/comics/?strip_id=21 
Air Fantasy Final by HelthRMX somehow made it to my most favorite song . I don't know why , but it entrances me . 
LOOK MOM I UPDATED ! 
One more part for Kitten and she will be purring again . All I need is the smog pump eliminator , and it's on the way . :D For those of you who don't know , Kitten is the name of my Mustang . 
E-Speaking : A voice recognition system in which you bark commands at your computer through a microphone and it does all the work for you . I don't even have to type this out . 
booooo , Gainesville State College doesn't have a facebook < PROPFEMALE > ... only the clubs associated do . 
is completely broke , but happy . :) I literally have $17.42 in my bank account after withdrawing to pay for my car part , lol . 
Sorry all , I thought that thing was a chatbox , but I guess I was wrong :( 
Nothing by DJ Tiesto - I would make babies to this song 
lol @ < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST>'s freak out that lead to her * ragequit * loss in tennis champs . I liked the Russian duo more anyways . 
Pants that JUST came out of the dryer ... ohhh , I'm in heaven . 
The best part about having a nice laptop is playing music while you clean ! 
Uh , oops . Sorry Bayli , I forgot you logged into your facebook on my laptop . I deleted all your requests and accepted some random friend , lol . 
Can't concentrate . I was going to work on my story , but there's too many other noises and such disrupting my thoughts . 
AIRSOFT WAR TOMORROW ! I need you to get the peeps , Bayli ! 
Airsoft war is TODAY ! People determined to play so far : Me , Bayli , Turner , Britten ( showing late ) 
Goooooood do-nothing day 
I never thought I would say this , but I have lost my sense of humor after watching Happy Feet . I think I'm going to hit the sack and hope it returns tomorrow . 
Chores to do : Mow lawn , power wash shed deck , clean desktop computer inside and out . What a day this will be :P 
Dad fell asleep on the couch watching some murder case on the history channel . I wonder if he's dreaming about it ? 
Finally finished up my Theatre assignment . I spent about 4 hours on it . Whew , only one more essay to go ( for History ) . 
Finished at last with my essays ! I feel well-accomplished today . 
Working today at 2 . Come see me in < PROPFIRST>'s! 
GAPpers unite ! Friday is the LAST DAY to volunteer for the pumpkin patch , and you get $25 off your next GAP registration fees if you work ! 
Laptop is broken . FML . 
METEOR SHOWER TONIGHT , Lasting from 1 AM to early morning . News reports say there will be 60 , I repeat , SIXTY , meteors per hour ! Normal is 20 or so ! 
Think I need a new picture soon ? I didn't keep my hair short and spiky , and I've lost weight and gained muscle since my last pic . 
There we go , new pics . I love my webcam . 
I've renamed my Cafe . It is now called \McF*ckles \"." 
Straight < PROPFEMALE > burns my throat and makes my stomach have cold tingles . I don't think I'll drink it again unless it's in a < PROPFEMALE > or other mixed drink . 
is [ verb ending in ing ] a [ noun ] with [ short phrase ] . 
Word to my grandmother ! Her birthday was today , and even though I missed the not-so-much-of-a-party-as-it-was-a-ge t-t ogether , I drove over to her house after work and gave her my presents . Much love , Damma ! 
God rest his soul . < PROPFIRST > Jones died of alcohol poisoning today . 
Cafe is almost done with semi-decorations for now . I'll be on at 9:15 to update . 
Finished at last ! The cafe is now all dance pads and disco walls . :P 
is [ insert phrase here ] . 
Windows : Dashing your hopes and dreams one product at a time ! I received Windows 7 today , and learned that there's a difference between it on a desktop and on a laptop ... So now I have to wait another 2-3 weeks for the damned laptop version . 
Cafe World is funny . I just served food to myself while cooking the food I served myself . I was in two places at once , both as the guest and the cook ! 
I have found the sexiest song ever . It's so sexy that it has been remixed around 20-30 times that I know of so far . Deadmau5 - Faxing Berlin 
Depression is a fickle emotion . Once you enter , you only dig yourself deeper with the realizations of unsatisfied wishes and dreams that you know are impossible to fulfill . 
A cop spooked me and I ended up going 20 over the speed limit in a schizophrenic fright . He pulled me over on Dawsonville Highway right next to Ford White Road . I drive a white Mustang . Coincidence ? 
Dad vs . < PROPFEMALE > in the morning = Funniest spousal abuse game ever . 
I just learned what \toss my salad\ " means ... " 
New gun ! It's a sniper rifle , but I didn't like using the scope , so I took off the extras and left it as a rifle . 
I just went from 863 friends to 188 by getting rid of all the people I've had from mass adds in mafia wars . 
Anyone want a free Windows 7 Ultimate 64-bit upgrade for HP desktop ? I can't use it and it's just sitting here . 
Just gave blood today and now I'm a seven-time donor ! I'm working at six , so come into < PROPFIRST>'s and see me ! 
I'm getting quite tired of our cat sucking on her teats . It's disgusting , disturbing , and just downright nasty ... or as < PROPFEMALE > says , NYEASTY ! I miss you guys ! 
Just installed Windows 7 . It's pissing me off at the moment , but I'm sure it will be better . 
Update : Windows 7 ROCKS ! I love it ! 
There's a point where spice stops being spicy anymore . Hot salsa isn't very hot to me anymore . 
Gonna study like a mofo for my sociology final in two days . Wish me luck ! 
Both cat and dog are annoying as * bleep * in the morning . 
YAY < PROPFEMALE > IS BACK ! I'm so happy . 
By the power of Greyskull , I must learn Zen ! 
11:29 PM - The Weather Channel played Wizards in Winter by the Trans-Siberian Orchestra . That one's for you , Damma ! 
After last night's hectic work day , I chose to study zazen to relax . I took around 20 minutes out of my day before work to focus on deep breathing and proper posture , and I feel completely chill now . 
Eyes : They see stuff ! Blind : They feel stuff ! 
My left < PROPFEMALE > finger just had a 30 second wild spasm . That's not normal , but it was pretty funny . 
I just got bling counters for CafeWorld , am now cooking a smorgasbord of 5 different dishes at once with the same 12-hour expectancy . Life is good . 
Today ( Wednesday ) is the birthday of the deceased < PROPMALE > Smith . A moment of silence for our wonderful hamboning friend . 
Angry . I'm going to go meditate . 
Big day tomorrow . Going to sleep . 
Dang , < PROPFEMALE > the Explorer can jump really high when she super-jumps with the bouncy < PROPFEMALE > . No wonder she made it over the border ! There's nothing on TV , if you can tell . 
Fixed my roomba ! It refused to vacuum things , so I took it apart on the bottom and found that it had sucked up a thumb tack . I love that it took precautionary steps to not damage itself ! 
Bed time for me . My head is burnt a little from the bleach , but overall I'm glad I decided to try something new . I wonder what my coworkers at Marshalls will say when I show up to work tomorrow ? 
According to my little firefox weather add-on , we have a wind advisory and it's gonna rain all day . Even though it's Friday , this means my job will be easier . 
< PROPFEMALE > fails at computers almost as much as dad :D 
What the f*ck is a HOLIDAY TREE ?! Does any OTHER religion celebrate their chosen holidary with a TREE ? 
\Everyone wins when you steal from the < PROPMALE > and give to the hmm ... \"" 
I'm getting a special quick-toner 40 creme to fix my hair on monday , and I'm dyeing my eyebrows to even it out . This time , the stuff will be totally white . 
My name is A Pimp Named Slickback , and my friend believes you have a cronic case of b*tch dependency . XD 
I know I just ate , but I feel so empty inside . I guess this is what it means to have a blue Christmas . 
I hate when people make tacky remakes of Christmas songs , especially female R&B and pop singers . 
let his Cafe World's rating die down a lot so it wouldn't lag so much when I make new dishes . I'm gonna try to keep the rating down too , until I make a ton of shit at once . 
What kind of bees produce milk ? Boo-bees ! 
Observe : 
What's the difference between < PROPFEMALE > Claus and Tiger Woods ? < PROPFEMALE > stops at three hoes ! 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS TO ALL , AND TO ALL A GOOD MORNING ! 
Cafe World just came out with their least profitable dish . It costs 600g and earns 672g , which is only a net profit of 57g after you clean the stove . I think something is wrong here . 
Guess what ? 364 days to shop until Christmas ! 
I finished one update on my novel before I went to work this morning and created yet another after work . My inspirational muse is in overdrive ! It's too bad that I have to work tomorrow for the majority of the day , but hey , it gets me money . 
Hey , I just learned that the sticky notes gadget by Windows 7 has different color options for the background of the note ! I'm having so much fun setting color-codednreminders for myself all over my desktop ! 
Send me holiday trees on cafe world ! 
I've just realized that I'm a very lonely person , but that's okay as long as I can keep creating amazing updates to my novel like I've been doing for the past few days . My muse is running like the Energizer < PROPFEMALE > . 
Stage 1 : Steal Underpants . Stage 2 : ? Stage 3 : Profit ! 
Great ... I get to drive to work in freezing rain and sleet . I'm going to hate tonight . 
The snow is BEAUTIFUL ! Now only if I had someone to snuggle up with for the cold weather ... 
C'est la vie ! I have to get up at 8:00 AM for work tomorrow , but I don't care . I'm gonna live it up for the New Year ! 
Can't wait for my damn packages to finally get here . Thanks to the difficult weather , I'm still waiting for UPS to deliver a gun , a touch-screen MP4 player , and a professional hair-trimmer to me that I bought from Ebay . 
Sleepy time . Hopefully , < PROPFEMALE > will wake me up to go work out with her if she's gonna get up early . I really wanna work out with her ! 
Dude , VIP dinners in cafe world ! 18-hour cooking time , costs 0g , and gives 9801g ! It's FREEEEEEEEE ! Hands down best dish EVAR ! 
Time to go to work ... Come in to Marshalls and say hi ! 
By the time all my quiches and VIP dinners are eaten , I will have 753,652 coins in Cafe World ! 
OMFG SNOW IN GA 
The Gainesville College website will post whether or not the school day will be held tomorrow at 6.30 am . 
I hope this ice thingy lasts until at least 3 PM tomorrow , then I won't have to go into work . 
Let's see if I can make it to work without f*cking my car up . I really don't want to go , but I need to start saving money up . 
Snowboarding was fun , but the bruise on my ass and my sore arms and knee dictates that I probably won't do it again . 
Buying some silk boxers ... from Playboy . I'm gonna be one sexy mofo . 
Just got my touch screen MP4 player in the mail today . I'll find out how much I like it when I play it in my car ... and then I don't have to worry about constantly switching flash drives when I want to listen to something different . 
Brand new MP4 player froze . I can't do shit with it because it didn't come with an instruction < PROPMALE > . Tried the reset button multiple times and it just goes back to trying to load . FML . 
I has celery . Nom nom nom . 
I'm gonna eat more carrots and cheese . It's a really nice snack . 
Women's professional tennis is fail . They scream when they hit the ball in an effort to mess up their opponents , and it's really irritating . 
Pants on the ground , pants on the ground . Lookin ' like a fool with yo pants on the ground ! 
Changed my person on Cafe World . I look interesting . 
I've been pessimistic lately . I need something or someone to cheer me up . 
Just spent about 400-500k on new decorations for the Cafe . It's space-age now , check it out ! I'm still not totally done with it , as I intend to replace all my glass tables with hover tables when I get the money , but it looks decent as it is . 
< PROPFEMALE > is cussing avidly as she becomes frustrated with how slow Cafe World runs on my old desktop in the living room . It's quite entertaining . I'm going to go Zazen for a short while until my dishes finish cooking . I'm incredibly stressed out . 
Bed time . My internal conflicts remain unresolved , but I'm going to have to worry about them later . 
Whew ! After a few hours , I'm finally done with my Spanish work ! Now on to Guild Wars ! 
I never noticed , but American Pie features the song ' Calling Your Name ' by Libra . Nice techno song . 
I'm having another one of those nights where I can't stop writing ! My muse is going crazy tonight ! 
I thought about going to the college today , but I don't want to waste the gas money . I even took a shower and prepared my dance mat to take with me , but then I thought about the 12.3 < PROPMALE > to school . Would it have been worth it ? Probably not . 
When life gets you down , what do you do to cheer up ? 
One day left on my bid for a 2nd gen 16gig Ipod Touch ! And the best part is , it's only $26 ! 
If you had one super power , what would it be ? 
Sniping on Ebay ftw ! 
Currently watching 32 different iPod Touches after some heavy price researching . I'll be sniping the cheap bids and hopefully getting an iPod soon :D 
I AM THE LAW 
Dad just got out of bed , walked out in his underwear , made toast , poured a glass of milk , and took the two items back to his room . He said nothing in the process . Lol ? 
I've figured out that Ebay is like day-trading : You must watch it incessantly in order to get the best deal . I tagged 32 different iPod Touches and have bid on several just to be sniped later ... Except for ONE ! 
Lost my bid ... by $80 . :( 
I hate how whenever I want someone , I realize I could never have them . 
High-traffic in my browser today ! Downloading 50 new big StepMania packs for a little fun . :P 
Hell yeah ! I did < PROPMALE > 300 on challenge mode on the pad for the first time and got an A ! I'm now officially hardcore at DDR . 
Someone find me a girlfriend . 
Confusion , darkness , void . These feelings will not abate . Hoping you will come to me in love , not in hate . The relationship between us is impossible at best , And I know that only with you will my mind finally rest . ~ Personal Poem 
Coming up : An earthquake wiped out Etchisketchistan today . 
Burritos and cranberry juice ... not the best combination for one's colon . 
Nooooo ! < PROPFEMALE > took my cuddle < PROPMALE > ! < PROPFEMALE > always sleeps with me ... but I guess not tonight . :( 
Obama wants high-speed trains running through < PROPFEMALE > . He was preaching earlier about not spending to conserve money ... and yet he wants a program that will cost us another trillion dollars . Wtf is he thinking ? 
Giving blood platelets tomorrow at the Red Cross donation center . Wish me luck ! 
To all the stupid asshole spammers : Go to Myspace or get the hell off Facebook . I just reported 6 spam messages in a new group I joined . 
I had one weird-ass dream last night and now it's screwing me up in my daily processes . Gah ! 
Dad while watching the Weather Channel : \Nothing's better than < PROPFEMALE > in HD . \"" 
Whew ! Just finished the latest update to my novel and posted it . I am now exhausted and will take my leave to go to sleep . Good night , everyone ! 
Work today . Maybe I'll stop singing long enough to think of some more plot twists to my story this time . 
That's it , f*ck love . It's not worth my damn time anymore . 
I just lost the game . 
knock off nyquil , a heat pad , a bath robe , and a sleeping bag . Take that , cold ! 
Cat's going nuts playing with dad . In his words , she's \Awful fiesty tonight \"." 
There was a f*cking CONDOM WRAPPER right under where I was eating . I'm so grossed out right now . 
Just updated my novel online . I'm up to 225 pages so far . I'll share with you soon , < PROPFIRST > ! 
Just co-starred in < PROPFEMALE>'s daily Vlog , then we made a side vid of me moaning . Check-a check , check , check , a-check it out ! 
OH MAH GOSH FIG NEWTONS ARE TEH SHHHHHHHH ! 
Holy sh*t , the Saints are winning ! 
SAINTS WON ! SAINTS WON ! NO WAAAAAAAAYYYYYYY ! 
I've been listening to this new trance artist avidly ! His name is Nitrous Oxide , look him up ! 
Saw a gray Scion xB with * hot pink * flames down the side XD 
HOLY F*CKLES IT'S SNOWING ! 
Wow ! Cookies made of mint , cream cheese , and butter ! They're delicious ! 
I miss my sister for some reason . :/ 
Single Awareness day is ftl :( 
At least I can distract myself from single awareness day with work . Come in and see me ! 
Here we go . I studied the hell out of my Psych chapters and I'm ready for my test ! Ooh-Rah ! I think I'll work out tomorrow , since my schedule is empty . 
Biorhythms are not permitting me to work out well this morning . I'm a bit off and I don't feel that well . On a side note : Eyes : See stuff ! Blind : Feel stuff ! 
I'm watching the Winter Olympics . Apparently , shuffleboard with giant rocks on ice is an olympic sport . Wtf ... 
Habituation : You don't realize how easy it is to tune something out , such as a Zoobooks commercial that has been aired for years , until the voice for the commercial has changed significantally in tone , pitch , volume , and word timing . It certainly did make me pay attention that time :P 
Just found out : It's not called Shuffleboard in the Winter Olympics , it's called Curling . Either way , it's boring as f*ck . 
Just learned about string theory and quantum physics out of boredom ! Apparently , there are no further dimensions that we can comprehend beyond the tenth dimension . 
Kyra : Pics of new puppy or it didn't happen ! 
\All theories are true until another scientist proves them wrong . \"" 
The Weather Channel's music has gotten pretty ballsy . They're playing softcore breakbeat songs . 
I just got a call from a telemarketer . They < PROPMALE > up on me when I attempted to engage in a conversation with them . That's how good I am . 
Really bad pick up line : The word of the day is legs . Let's go back to my place and spread the word . 
I've given up on decorating my cafe in cafe world because it takes too damn long to load all the decorations . I am therefore making everything completely plain to make my browser more efficient . 
http://www.ozyandmillie.org/d/20020330.html 
Good night everyone . There's lots to do tomorrow for this busy beaver . :P 
Wish me luck for tomorrow ! I'm donating blood platelets to save lives ! 
Fruit Roll-Ups : Why do poor african children dress in black slacks and a white collar shirt ? 
Love is a fickle thing ; it comes and goes at a whim , it can be affected by almost everything , and it changes rapidly in intensity , but we count on it to keep our crazy hearts at bay . Oh , if only I could have you , I would keep you forever , but alas , I am too shy to ask . If only you knew how badly I want you . 
Beanie Weenies are so hardcore . 
No one was born to be a servant or a slave . Who can tell me the color of the rain ? 
lawl I just put the Geico boss's ringtone on dad's phone . Now he's gonna hear \Ringitty ding < PROPFIRST > dingy < PROPFIRST>' every time he gets a call . :D " 
5 year olds are like mopeds : They're fun until someone sees you . 
Whew ! I'm still not done with my latest work , but geez , it's 3:28 AM ! I guess I'll just have to continue when I wake up ! 
Whew ! Took dad's computer apart , cleaned it out , cleaned his desk , rearranged his papers , moved the desk into the living room , and hooked everything back up ! It was a pain , but I'm glad we finally did it ! 
is ballin ' like a motha f*cka ! 
Let it consume you as you consume it . Give it a reason to control your reasoning . Allow your mind to be muddled , your thinking to be smeared like paint on a canvas , and let this feeling take you away until the morning light . 
Fucking pissed , fucking stressed . GAH ! 
I've just seen my fail of the day : Diary of a Wimpy Kid : The Movie . 
I love my hot tub . It feels so good for an Aquarius to be hot in his element . 
School wasn't too bad , but I forgot to put my parking permit in dad's car and now I have a $20 fine . After that , I was so frustrated that I took a nap by listening to contemporary jazz . 
In other news today , a < PROPMALE > earthquake wiped out Etchisketchistan . 
Bad poetry ! Oh noetry ! 
I JUST LOST THE GAME AGAIN 
Gah ! Re-reading my story , I've found that I misspelled the word \Whoa\ " a LOT " 
Ironically enough , Beethoven's Symphony #5 came on when I started to clean the toilet . Dun dun dun duuuuuuun !! 
I forgot how bad the bleaching agent for hair dyeing smelled . Oh well , finished cleaning ! 
Hey suicide bomber ! Betcha can't do that again ! 
doesn't feel so good . Math test at 10.00 and work at 17.00 , which means I'm gonna miss < PROPFEMALE>'s get together thing for this week . At least I got the last of the raisin bran and I have someone special on my mind . 
A level head is a smart one . Worry will only complicate things . 
Well , I was so stressed out about my math test today and when I actually took it , I made a straight A ! I'm relaxed now :D 
Zemmiphobia : Fear of the great mole rat . 
When a man talks dirty to a woman , it's sexual harassment . When a woman talks dirty to a man , it's $3.95 a minute . 
I don't understand why < PROPFIRST > the Platypus from Phineas and Ferb doesn't just use his extremely poisonous < PROPFEMALE > behind his heel and kill Dr. Goofenschmirtz 
Rain Man ... What a beautiful movie . 
You ever get that feeling when you know you shouldn't have done something , but it felt so right to do ? 
Hot tub ... Mmmmmmm .... 
Mother , where's your son ? When has this begun ? Who has been the fool ? 
I have concluded that Roombas are the shiznit . < PROPFEMALE > , my Roomba , runs once a day and does a damn good job . :D 
Gah ! Sending my laptop to HP to fix the AC pin ! Oh well , at least I have both < PROPFEMALE>'s desktop and my really old < PROPFEMALE > laptop from 2003 to keep me online and still writing . Hehe , rule 1 of a computer nerd : Always have backup computers . 
Finally , a thunderstorm to listen to . I love the low growling of thunder . 
I'm so proud of < PROPFEMALE > Hynes Goetz Miller ! She played a song for the first time on Dance Dance Revolution ! 
My poor , poor computer . She's done for today . Time to go back to the old days of 2003 < PROPFEMALE > POS laptop . Hopefully , the package to ship will arrive soon . They said 2-3 days . 
I've figured out that my laptop is a lot like my girl friend and my old desktop , which is now < PROPFEMALE>'s , is a lot like my ex-girl friend . I feel strange going back to a computer in which nothing is mine . Nothing automatically signs in for me , nothing remembers my passwords , and I can't remember my bookmarks , so I'm missing a lot of updates to my normal sites . 
It took about three and a half hours , but I completely cleaned out < PROPFEMALE>'s keyboard . It was absolutely disgusting . Luckily , I had the mind to set up the -image file on GW so I can play it while my poor baby is being fixed . 
On a side note , the World of Warcrack episode of South Park is on ! 
So I just bought $10 worth of assorted flavors in vodka and I've already downed one ! Happy Friekin ' Saint < PROPFIRST>'s Day ! 
\Nowhere special ... I always wanted to go there . \"" 
A crab on Chowder - \I'll cut you ! \"" 
I remembered my dream tonight . I dreamt of a third-person story about a female spy that was supposed to take down a mafian organization and ended up with a really strange ending . I think I'm going to write about it . 
Good night ! I love you < PROPFEMALE > Miller ! 
I have a lot on my mind , I'm not in a very good mood , and I'm itching for companionship ! Gah ! Why do humans feel the need to be sociable creatures ?! 
My laptop is back ! Unfortunately , I lost all my bookmarks , 20 gigs worth of songs , and all my files and personal information , including my full resume , but at least I have my baby back . 
Okay , to everyone asking : Yes , I did dye my hair blue permanently on purpose and my reasoning behind such an act is that I believe if you don't do something crazy once in a while , you'll go crazy yourself . Besides , it makes people smile and I've gotten 16 compliments since yesterday at work . 
To the fanfic readers : Secret spoiler ! “Well , I'm not finished with my laps yet . C'mon , < PROPFEMALE > , you can guide me . ” “What ?! Your glasses are broken and all you're worried about is exercise ? ” 
My song of the day : < PROPFEMALE > - Black Magic Woman 
You know those ink blots they use in psychology in which you tell the psych what you see in them ? I just did that with my nose and laughed uncontrollably about it for the last 30 seconds . 
wishes these stupid ricers would stop racing their loud-ass , fart tube , bass-pumping shit-for-cars down the street so damn late . It's ANNOYING AND PEOPLE ARE TRYING TO SLEEP ! 
CHORES ! Last night's party was fun , though :D 
HET MAEG 
So my hair , as a result of shampooing and using a highlighting conditioner , has turned into a very lovely mixture of lavender , white , blonde , and light brown . It's a perfect easter color XD 
http://concessioncomic.com/index.php?pid=20080219 
Good night , everyone . It's high time I went to bed . But before I go , I must announce that I have just lost the game . 
TANGERINES ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Minogue is A : Friekin hot and B : An AMAZING singer . 
Ohh , my poor nose ! Pollen is messing with me today ! I shouldn't have taken out my T-tops and rolled down the windows ! 
When you're as OCD as I am about these little things , you would put tape over the fan thingies too . That clicking drives me INSANE ! 
How To Train Your Dragon : PURE GENIUS ! Now I'm gonna read the book , cuz I heard it was different . 
Gay ! I hate when I make plans and people skimp out on them . Now my whole day is gone and I've nothing to show for it . 
I woke up this morning and instantly lost the game . 
Dude , srsly ? Sending me a text at 2:19 AM ? Sleep eludes me enough from this allergy problem without you helping . 
Woke up sneezing blood . Gah , pollen ! Go away , plant sperm ! 
I just gave away half my paycheck for this week to a random person who asked me for gas money to get home . It hurt my wallet , but I'm happy I could help someone in need . 
http://laughingsquid.com/video-2-of-mertons-piano-improvisation-with-random-strangers-on-chatroulette/ 
Mmmmmm , if I could melt your heart Mmmmmm , we'd never be apart Mmmmmm , give yourself to me Mmmmmm , you hold the key 
Busy busy busy tomorrow ! Lotsa digging and plant work , then work at Marshalls . Come in between 6 PM and 10 PM and see me ! 
? Above and Beyond - Clear Blue Water ? 
How To Train Your Dragon was a great movie , but a horrible book . I was NOT impressed . 
I'm totally ripping it up on my DDR mat ! Expert songs and marathons all the way ! 
Almost done with the next update on TEHI ! For those who are keeping up and are special enough to be on my FB , here's a teaser ! “Elise . ” He growled warningly . She instantly quieted . “I've always been a very patient fur , but you're pushing it . ” 
Man , it's really raining hard outside . It's a good day to work :D 
Work time . Text it - 678 825 7567 
I've been feeling sorta lonely lately . 
I woke up in the morning feelin ' like < PROPMALE > Cosby ( rather than P . Diddy ) . JELL-O ! 
I kicked my fucking dresser this morning with my bruised < PROPFEMALE > toe . OW 
One of my friends mentioned Pegging today . And frankly , that sounds totally hot . 
Someone special on my mind =^.^= 
http://www.jaynaylor.com/originallife/archives/2010/04/095.html 
I think of her and a song with her name in it gets stuck in my head all day XD 
Everybody's hands go up ! ................................................................................................... AND THEY STAY THERE ! 
LOL THANK YOU < PROPFIRST > ! 
& #115 ; & #116 ; & #117 ; & #102 ; & #102 ; Type it in google . See stuff . 
needs to stop 4channing so much . lawl . 
Big math test tomorrow ! 2 more hours of studying in the math lab in the morning before going to the 2 hour long final ! Wish me luck ! 
ACED my math final ! 
Hooray ! It's Furfag Friday on 4chan ! 
I just lost something . 
BEST VID EVAR : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ 
Ninja Assassin : Not the best movie I've ever seen , but certainly the goriest . I will write a review soon if I feel like it . 
This month is no fap May . Rules : 1 . No masturbating . 2 . Partners don't count , so have fun with them . 3 . The event does not end until June 1st , 12:01 midnight . So good luck , and blue balls to everyone ! 
\Reconcile not with the fear of the snake But embrace it as your own Inject its venom into your veins And replant the seed that gives growth Still shrouded in mystery Until you arise above perception A veil of ignorance is in motion Continuing throughout generations \"" 
Did you know blood platelets are yellow ? I donated today . It took 102 minutes :P 
Journal entry : Day 5 of No-Fap May . I'm not sure how much more of this I can take . 
Not a good day . I found out that I failed Political Science ( which was inevitable , but I still feel bad about it ) and now I can't register for HOPE cuz my GPA is lower than 3.0 ... On top of other problems . 
Tiesto , you disappoint me . He sold the ISOS series to some other guy :( 
Dad got a Wii and we stayed up until 4AM playing Tennis together . Unfortunately , I can't remember how to make MJ . Can someone who knows help me ? 
Biked 6 < PROPMALE > today from my house to my grandma's to get mail ! What a good workout :D 
I wants a cuddle . 
I am Sofa < PROPMALE > Wee < PROPMALE > It . 
I wish I would stop losing the game every single day . I woke up and instantly lost this morning . 
What's up with all these random people friend inviting me ?! I don't know anyone from Michigan or Illinois , WTF ! 
Stomach hurts for some reason . I have to go to work :( 
Every morning I wake up and think \Mmm my bed smells nice . \"" 
I'm spicy ! 
If anyone knows how to play tennis , even a beginner , PLEASE tell me ! I want a tennis partner really badly ! 
Confucius say : \Man who puts d*ck in peanut butter is f*cking nuts ! \"" 
NOOOOO ! LAMEST GET EVER ON 4CHAN ! MUSCLEBIRD GOT THE 230MIL 
AW MAN ! I wanted to go biking today , but it's raining ! 
DSC like a madman ! I'm almost up R10 on kurzie title cuz of the event :D 
Pull through , < PROPFIRST > . You don't deserve to die . 
I'm so sick of wearing clothes . When I get my own house , I'm gonna walk around naked everywhere I go . 
Yesterday , at work , I saw a pretty girl wearing a T-shirt that said \I <3 Boobies\ " \ 
Anyone have suggestions on some good motorcycles ? No Harley-esque , stuff , I want a crotch rocket , like Ninja or something . 
Tennis with < PROPFEMALE > Parlas was FUN ! We need to find more tennis players for a doubles match ! 
I had a nightmare that would make Saw look like child's play . 
Gonna get my PDA back so I can keep writing my novel at GAP ! 
hates Pizza Hut's new commercial . It made me lose the game . 
Hair cut , Cici's , and dye with < PROPFEMALE > Connell tomorrow ! I can't wait ! I'll post pics after it's done :P 
Well , < PROPFEMALE > Connell ditched , but I still got my hair and Cici's . 
I just realized that I'm a selfish prick . 
Google TT0119174\ 
\ 
Click Images\ 
See the awesome . 
Yeesh ! Just got done copypasting several chapters of TEHI to put on my crappy old pocket pc ! All this work for a 5-day laptop absence . It's prolly gonna be worth it , though . 
This just in : I like boobies . Facebook confirmed . 
I left packing to the last day XD I'm such a pro . \ 
But I have plenty of time to pack tomorrow . No worries . 
Off to GAP ! I'll check 5 days worth of facebook messages and e-mails when I get back ! 
Whew ! 2 friend requests , 1 pm , 17 notifications , and 27 e-mails later , I still have to see an entire week's worth of saved webcomics ! I have 19 more bookmarks to go through ! 
Poison oak in some places , bug bites in others , and lots and lots of nettle sores , but I'll recover from GAP soon enough :P 
Holy crap ... what have I done ?! \ 
I just made this :\ 
???????????????????????? \ 
??????????????????????? \ 
????????????????????? \ 
????????????????????... \ 
A meme on 4chan ! \ 
Thanks , < PROPMALE > ! 
I just got in trouble with the law XD\ 
I drove down to the Shores to pick blackberries and they told me it was trespassing , lol . 
Hey guys , let's play madlibs ! \ 
I'm so [ adjective ] , I [ verb ] [ noun]s ! 
Just ordered a Guy Fawkes mask to commemorate /b/ not dying . JOIN ME , MY /B/ROTHERS 
I need a hug , damnit . 
here we go again ... sending the laptop in for repairs . 
No matter what she does , < PROPFEMALE > is f@#$ing irritating ! \ 
I can't wait to get my laptop back >.< 
Got my lappy back a week early ! HP was screwy this time cuz they didn't reset my comp back to favtory settings like they should have , but I did it myself . :3 
Texting while driving in GA is now illegal . Violators may be charged up to $150.00 for texting while in a running vehicle . Please tell everyone you know , cuz the cops will be cracking down come this August . 
DAD'S BIRTH DAY TODAY ! Gonna buy him a ton of schooling fish :3 
Good night , everyone ! I can't wait for tomorrow's fireworks ! \ 
By the way , < PROPFEMALE > Kemp , you need to text me if you wanna come over ! Our neighbor is also joining us , so , combined , we have about $500 worth of fireworks ! 
Here we go ! First week of jogging schedule . I'm following a 3-day a week routine for 9 weeks to train my body to run long distances . If you want the schedule , just ask ! 
Look out world , I'm register-trained ! 
2.2 < PROPMALE > in 20 minutes on my morning jog/walk today . I'm so proud of myself :D 
It's official ! I can now run a register on my own ! 
Hey Kathy : When you wake up and check this , I'm out playing tennis at Damma's :D 
tl ; ddat\ 
Too lazy ; didn't do anything today 
Jesus , after seeing all these people suddenly go single , I'm gonna stay away from others XD 
Alright , guys , let's play a risky game . Like or comment on this status and I will tell you exactly what I think about you , no holding back . If you're cool , I will describe how cool . If you're a jackass , I will straight-up say it . I am tired of holding in my opinions . 
I am SO not in the mood for < PROPFEMALE>'s old people music >.< 
Who wants to go out to lunch with me today ? I'm free until three . :D 
Confucius say : Man who stick < PROPMALE > in peanut butter is fucking nuts . 
Has anyone really been far even as decided to use even go want to do look more look like ? 
ATTENTION : 5:00 PM , a few people are meeting with me at the Hibachi restaurant in gainesville next to the Big Lots shopping center ! COME ALONG AND BRING FRIENDS 
I found a website with a ton of video games soundtracks on them . I'm nostalgia'ing like a mofo ! 
Dimmu Borgir : The Serpentine Offering - The singing part of this song from 3:00 to 4:00 is absolutely beautiful . He may scream like a demon , but he sings like an angel . 
Call me stupid . Call me a fool . I thought I could trust people . Oh well , fuck ' em . I'm not making any more plans for outings . They only end up in others ditching me . 
Hoes ... Phone hoes . 
Who lives in a pineapple under the sea ? No one , because of BP ! 
So , once again , I've learned not to bother hanging out with my coworkers because they'll ditch me , but I'm so happy that I could spend that wasted time with a better friend ! < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > moved in half a mile away from me ! WOO HOO ! 
AAGH ! F*CK YOU YOUTUBE ! I CAN'T DOWNLOAD MUSIC FROM YOU ANYMORE SINCE YOUR UPDATE ! 
haha , fuck you YouTube , DLHelper updated and I can download your music again ! 
You ever feel the need to brush your teeth at 3 in the morning ? 
Who is < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > ? She friend requested me . < PROPFEMALE > Addi < PROPFEMALE > Miller , you're on her friend list . Who is she ? 
A new adventure ! Dad and I are going to take apart his 88 mustang and swap out some pieces , then sell the rest on ebay or craigslist or something . And I'M going to learn things ! 
I love free apps :D 
UGH KATHY'S OLD PEOPLE MUSIC !!!! 
Ninjas can't catch you if you herp a derp 
Hell yeah Otterbox ! Now my ipod is waterproof and won't get scratched any more ! 
I love learning actual useful stuff on info threads . 
faens jævla kuk hore faen rasshøl fitte dritt baller 
The following are awesome names for dildoes :\ 
< PROPFIRST > Dickings\ 
Dildo Baggins\ 
< PROPFIRST > McFondles\ 
The Acockalypse\ 
PICK YOUR FAVORITE ! 
If I came with a WARNING label , what would it say ? \ 
( Stole from < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Wehunt ) 
Engineering , < PROPMALE > , English , and Precalc ( in that order ) on mondays and wednesdays ! Good gosh ! 
On average , a male's orgasm lasts about 6 seconds while a woman's can last up to 23 . That's totally not fair . 
Feeling pissy for no reason . On a side note , check out my Notes box in my profile . I put up a note for pokemon fans . 
\Diet Coke is like going down on your cousin . It tastes the same 
A WILD < PROPMALE > APPEARS ! \ 
Poke me . I friekin ' dare you . 
Love Theme Dusk by < PROPFIRST > Foyle vs Signalrunners is truly a masterpiece of a song . Even techno haters might agree to this statement . 
Woo hoo ! I'm officially a 10-time blood donor ! 
I did my < PROPMALE > project , visualizing how my grandfather died . I hope the teacher doesn't mind the few tears I accidentally dripped on it . 
I HAS BUBBLE WRAP 
So I have to learn the lyrics to Dragosta Din Tei now . Luckily , I found a vid and Romanian isn't too hard to pronounce ! 
If ANYONE needs a job , I can personally recommend you to the manager at the RaceTrac in Oakwood ! PLEASE someone hit me up before tomorrow at 12PM . I have hookups and can get you in ! 
Naruto shippuden is going WAY back in the series for fillers . GAY . 
We're holdin ' on to what's < PROPFEMALE > . On a stage I rage and I'm rollin ' :D 
Guys ! I would like some suggestions of what to buy on Amazon with my $20 gift card ! 
Lost my wallet this morning and discovered that my engineering class is absolutely useless and will teach me nothing of value . Needless to say , I'm not happy . 
Life will get better . Work is going to shove me on the schedule so much next week that the cash flow will baffle me . I'm making money and I'm gonna save as much as possible . 
Submitted my english quiz ... and feeling confident ! 
Since my wallet was stolen , I will make my own using nothing but duct tape ! 
So for the fifth time in my life , I have evaded a ticket from a police officer . Either I'm lucky , very persuasive , or both in all five situations . 
Sing like an angel , scream like the devil . I'm getting good at death metal screaming ! 
Found some pretty impressive music ! One song , Watercolour , by Pendulum , is drum and bass mixed with hard rock ! It was awesome ! 
So I found something really cool . Go to Google Images and type in Fractalius . 
< PROPFIRST > Swift sucks . \ 
Let's see how much flak I get from posting this . 
Time to clean out < PROPFEMALE > ! She's a dirty girl ! 
The washing machine ripped up my favorite pair of silk Playboy boxers :/ 
If Kanye was able to steal the mic , is < PROPFIRST > actually Swift ? 
It's Friday ... I'm in love . \ 
Well , I hope it's not love . Just a crush . Man , I haven't had a crush in years . 
Working another long shift today . My feet hurt . I need some gel insoles or something . Anyone know where to get some of those ? 
Ahoy , mateys ! Today be the nineteenth of September ! It's International Talk Like A Pirate Day ! YARRRRR !!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > called me a workaholic the other night . I think she might be right . 
I have an interesting attraction to short girls . Hmm ... 
Jazz today . I feel classy , man . 
I had fun at < PROPFIRST>'s party ! I learned how to bailar a bit and enjoyed some real Mexican cuisine ! 
I found some freaky Pokemon-related info on /b/ after I finished up my essay . Can't unthink or unsee now . 
Cat is getting heavy . She now makes a thud sound every time she jumps on top of the coffee table in the living room . 
You know , for the first time in quite a while , I actually had fun with someone else tonight . \ 
In a non-perverted way , for all you mind-in-the-gutter types . 
Guess who just lost the game ? 
Aristotle : \What does it mean to be a good person ? \ " \ 
Payday , baby ! Most of the time , it's the only thing I look forward to on Fridays :P 
Mass downloading at its finest ! I love YouTube :D 
I'd probably have perfectly sculpted abs if I didn't eat so much . I think I'll cut down a bit and see what happens . 
Whew ! Finished the < PROPMALE > essay at last ! I think I'll celebrate with some relaxing . 
The city water supply dun goof'd . We have parasitic worms in our water , which means I can't drink from our faucets . Damnit . 
so a baby seal walks into a club .... 
of course the Chilean government appreciates us now that we pulled out a bunch of their mine workers . Now all we have to do is rescue some Frenchies , right ? 
Squeeze a boob , save a life . 
So I gave out my contact info to one of my customers . This person wanted a watch like mine :D \ 
If he emails me or calls me , I'll actually bother to look for another one for him . If he doesn't , then oh well . I don't lose sleep over not being able to contact some random mexican . 
/b/ is down :/ 
Another great debate : What word sounds better ? \ 
Dick\ 
or\ 
Cock\ 
Choose nao ! 
woke up to my stepsister banging things around and bellowing her choice in swear words . Meh . :/ 
Open the door , get on the floor . Everybody walk the dinosaur ! 
­ \ 
???????????????????? \ 
???????????????????? 
is never drinking coke or pepsi again . It's been so long since I've had some that it tastes bad and makes me sick to my stomach now . Uuuuuugh 
^#%$*@& parking tickets 
You can all thank < PROPFEMALE > for making you lose the game this time . 
Death Race is a friekin awesome movie . 
Here's the mail , it never fails\ 
It makes me wanna wag my tail\ 
When it comes , I wanna wail\ 
MAAAAAAAAIIIIIIIIIILLLLLLLLLL 
So the movie \Control Alt Delete\ " was kinda messed up 
Hilarious ! Go to google maps and get directions from japan to < PROPFEMALE > . Look on instruction number 43 . 
Takeshi Shudo , originator of Pokemon and aged 61 , died yesterday . A moment of silence for this amazing person . 
Just watch and sit in silence while the record plays your memories\ 
Life is simple when all you want is a world of melodies 
A lot of negativity tonight . I'm afraid I must join the pessimistic crowd this time . Today straight-up sucked . 
Chill out , babe . Everything will be alright . 
< PROPFEMALE > is one of the most important virtues . I may be on a short fuse right now , but I know better to explode . 
I can't even begin to count how many times I've lost the game . 
I may be a bit overloaded , but it shall not deter me ! 
We got out hard days , our soft days , our on days , our off days , but all days are always a stroll down a walkway and sometimes ... we just gotta pretend we're okay and travel on to the end . \ 
<3 < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
Olawd I just saw < PROPFIRST>'s pic for GSC fashion on the front < PROPFEMALE > ! 
I love crunches . 
I've just realized just how different I really am from everyone . I don't know anyone like me . 
Maxed my kurzick title on GW ! Time to go back to luxon , lol . 
And now I look like a dyke . I'd rather look like a chick than look like a dyke . \ 
:( Bad haircut is bad . 
Got a 92 on my english quiz ! Now if I can just focus tonight , maybe I can get some work done . 
Black Friday ... Retail workers cry at the name . 
I'm so #$% @ing sick of essays ! 
I swear I'm going to use the word ' pultritudinous ' in a proper sentence\ 
I also vow to use tchochke as well 
Finished < PROPMALE > essay . Finished engineering powerpoint . Almost done fixing mistakes in English essay . I'm on top of the world . 
< PROPFEMALE > is up and running again ! Go Roomba ! 
I hope I can go to school tomorrow . My nose has been dripping all day and my cheeks are red . 
Open your mind to the world and see it with new eyes . Your arrogant , lucifugous views will only betray your chicanery . 
Black Friday ... why the hell would you go shopping today ? 
Screw today . I don't care how much it sucked , I'm gonna keep going . 
I know it sounds stupid , but I have taken a fancy to Haitian French rap . lol . 
I've figured it out : I like French rap because they break it down old school . I hate American rap because the new styles are utter shit . 
Rainy days :/ 
Woot ! Got a 91 on my final English quiz ! 
PUDDI PUDDI ! 
Whatever you guys do , don't listen to the original Lavender Town music from pokemon . I have acute hearing and I feel nauseous . 
Just rolled out of McDonald's wearing a nice button-down shirt with my black fedora and blasting french rap music next to two black guys and two mexicans . I feel accomplished . 
Guys , it's not child abuse awareness month . I looked it up , that's in April , not December . December is Pokemon profile picture month . Stop putting up cartoons and toss in your favorite Pokemon ! 
I lol'd at the latest Naruto Shippuden . Sasuke blows up a cat XD 
i liek koss . hes cool and eh doesnt afraid of anything 
I feel confident about our engineering project ! 
I'm patient and kind with everyone ... except myself . 
So , straight B's in all my classes . I almost had an A in english , but whatevers . As long as I get better than a C , I think I'll be fine . 
Word of the day : Fletcherize . v . \To chew ( food ) slowly and deliberately . \"" 
Happenings of today : I found a < PROPFEMALE > on heads , a customer paid me with a half dollar ( which I switched for 2 quarters . I have it on my desk right now ) , I finally got my bank card , and I looked at myself in the mirror and thought \imokaywiththis . jpg\ " ( which just proves I've been /b/rowsing too much ) . \ 
I love you , Nyquil . 
I feel like sh- I think I caught a cold . 
Wow ... an entirely free day ! For once , I have absolutely nothing scheduled ! 
More movies need to be made like Smokin Aces and Smokin Aces 2 . They were truly the most intricate plot twists I've ever seen in a movie or book . 
Mmmm , theraflu . 
Grown Ups was kinda lame and the plot was overused . 
The proper word for your big toe is \Hallux\ " . That almost sounds like horcrux . That's awesome . " 
Fun fact : Female kangaroos have three vaginas . 
I'm working every single day from now except for Christmas < PROPFEMALE > and Day . That will be 47 and a half hours in a week . That , my friends , will by my biggest paycheck . 
\How come every time I take you kids to the mall 
> Talk in a deep voice\ 
> Get called \Ma'am\ " over the phone\ 
NOBODY EXPECTS THE SPANISH INQUISITION !! 
And once again , my friends , I must inform you that I have lost the game . 
I was dreaming of a white Christmas . My dream just came true . 
http://www.collegehumor.com/video:1926078 
It's 4:50 PM and I just heard the word \Fuck\ " on TV . o.O " 
I took my parents out to Red Lobster using all the gift cards I have been saving since summer . I love snow crab legs . 
Britten's roommate is funny as hell when he's in a good mood 
Damn you , registry repatch ! 
Reindeer Games - n . - The act of gallavanting around your local neighborhood and replacing everyone else's lawn decorations in awkward sexual positions . 
POWERTHIRST IS A REAL DRINK ! 
Partied my ASS off at Wild < PROPMALE>'s with < PROPFEMALE > Lyons and < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > StePhens ! Woo hoo ! 
Everyone post their New Year's Resolution ! \ 
My resolution is to begin jogging on the days that I'm not doing isometrics . 
< PROPMALE > Fulp is feeling brainy today . The A-Bots picked out two lame-ass math-based kiddy games to be in the top 5 this morning . 
Jogging went well yesterday and my isometrics today have me feeling great ! Time for a haircut ! 
Contacts , glasses , and running shoes on my list of things to do today ! 
Deadmau5's new music from Strobe is quite disappointing :/ 
The Expendables was an awesome movie 
Debate for everyone :\ 
What's worse , guys : Being called a retard or being called a faggot ? 
\Was that a flying vagina ?! \"" 
Building a snow fort ! Dad even helped out ! 
Quote : \Feelings of love are just a temporary lapse in judgment . Like a kind of mental illness . \"" 
GAWD Rhianna's fuckin ugly 
< PROPFEMALE > is so overjoyed with her new $40 MP3 player . The look on her face and the tone of her voice was worth the 2 hours I spent downloading tons of music for her and setting up that thing . 
< PROPFIRST > was a chemist's son\ 
But now he is no more\ 
What he thought was was H2O\ 
Was H2SO4 
\If I were to live next to the beach ... I would pray every day to live longer . \"" 
Mmm , my towel smells like ... sugar cookies ! 
I've figured out that I can watch any type of gore or medical surgery performed except beheading . That's the only thing that makes me queasy . 
Today is national Talk in Third Person day ! 
And thus ends another exciting day of sitting around and doing absolutely nothing of importance ( save for my homework , of course ! ) . At least I get to go to school tomorrow ( finally ) to see all my friends ! \ 
You know , I would have liked working tonight instead of being bored . Does anyone else ever WANT to go to work ? 
< PROPFIRST > Collier is now at the top of my list of ambient musicians . His music makes my head whirl and tricks my body into thinking it's floating . 
It cost 7 million dollars to build the Titanic and 200 million to make a movie about it . 
When I die , I wish for the following words to be written on my tombstone :\ 
\Respawn in 10 ... 9 ... 8 ... \"" 
ATTENTION EVERYONE : I do not waste my precious time playing stupid Facebook games . Please hold your farmville , poker , mafia whatever invites . I assure you , I don't want them . 
You are [ stinky penis ] the [ feared neet ] destined to [ have sex with all jews ] . 
Had Five Guys last night ... woke up probably every half hour from nightmares . I doubt I'll ever have Five Guys again . \ 
And I mean it . Fucking nightmares . I don't scare easily from my own mind , but they were freaky . 
Decking out my assassin in Guild Wars with Asuran armor and 4 different exotic headgears . I'm a < PROPMALE > bastard . :D 
Dogs and cats are friekin annoying . 
Snowman farming ! 
Thank you , everyone , for the birthday wishes . My only wish when I blew out those candles is that I would pass my STAT class ! 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jwccqhc8_5o&feature=player_embedded 
\Don't fear God's love . He hasn't gotten anyone pregnant in over 2000 years . \"" 
You can't spell \Amusement\ " without \ " Semen \"" 
I'm gonna play with my new TomTom today ! 
Thank you , Riannon Webb and everyone else for a great party ! I definitely needed that , especially since I got to see < PROPFEMALE > Martinez again ! 
And my light bulb was like \fuck this shit\ " and went pop " 
Hideki ! Hideki ! Hideki Hideki Hideki ! 
Class is canceled for me tomorrow . I don't want to drive 12 < PROPMALE > just to do my gym cardio . What am I going to do with the day ? 
It's raining tonight , so it's time for some jazz . 
Dude ... I don't know why I stayed up this late . I'm tired XD 
Trentemoller - The Very Last Resort\ 
For some reason , I absolutely love this song . 
This day will prove either good or bad . Let's make it a good one ! 
I shoot walls , yo 
You know what ? Fuck you , depression and negative self-image . I have friends . I have family . I might even like a girl for the first time in years . You're messing with the wrong guy , damnit . 
I tried to sleep in and ended up waking up about half an hour before my usual wake-up time . Wtf . 
lol I just got b & from 4chan . 
Current music fixes : Trentemoller and Chicane\ 
Two different moodsets on each side of the spectrum , lol . 
If ANYONE finds a Toyota Celica for sale below $2500 , let me know . I've been searching for months . 
\ ... And flair gives your fancy ! \ " \ 
So the day has just begun and I've already got my three bad things that could happen today out of the way : I get woken up from a terrific dream , I clean up cat shit , and < PROPFIRST > fucking Bieber is coming out with a movie . \ 
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHH 
\ ... Rainbow fart ! \"" 
Had a dream where < PROPFEMALE > and I were playing Coolboarders 2 ! She did a 944 point < PROPFEMALE > flip with Yaggi :D 
Urbandictionary's word of the day is Love . Definition : Nature's way of tricking people into reproducing . 
I have Gratobia . I seriously do . 
FINALLY ! NARUTO STOPPED DOING FILLERS ! 
Free day from school and work tomorrow , which means it's automatically full of appointments for friends ! I love you all ! 
I WHIP MY HAIR BACK AND FORTH I WHIP MY HAIR BACK AND FORTH I WHIP MY HAIR BACK AND FORTH I WHIP MY HAIR BACK AND FORTH I WHIP MY HAIR BACK AND FORTH I WHIP MY HAIR BACK AND FORTH I WHIP MY HAIR BACK AND FORTH I WHIP MY HAIR BACK AND FORTH I WHIP MY HAIR BACK AND FORTH 
Helped my neighbor memorize Spanish words thanks to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE>'s weird , yet awesome teaching methods ! 
GODDAMN YOU ANET ! YOU RUIN EVERYTHING GOOD ! 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3zb64y6Nvs0 
I found a cockroach today , named it Papa Roach because it was huge , then kicked it down the shower drain like I was < PROPMALE > Leonidas . 
Damnit , < PROPFEMALE > . I have the Cillit Bang song stuck in my head . 
If I am unable to read a book about failure , would that be considered success ? 
Also , if an entire band gets cut and infected with HIV , do they get band AIDS ? 
Nostalgia today . I love Pokemon music . 
Woo hoo ! Made a 100 on my PE test today ! 
As long as I control this OBELISK , it will strike any foes who venture near . 
Finally typed up another update for TEHI . I can't believe I haven't written in four weeks . 
Poor < PROPFEMALE > . The first thing she did when she came in the door was throw up . 
\You look sad . Here 
Damnit ANET . Stop having server issues and let me farm ! 
You are BASEMENT WOMAN the MARKED PEDO destined to BREAK MANKIND 
Attention Deficit Disorder : If you don't like the weather , wait ten seconds . 
\What color is the air ? \"" 
Depilate ( v ) - To completely remove all hair from an individual . \ 
I'm going to use this in a sentence next time I go to get a haircut . 
Tomorrow is Free pancake day at IHOP . I'm fucking going . 
\Flying Couch\ " would be an awesome name for a band " 
Why do they refer to vehicles the size of Neptune as \Minivans ? \"" 
I ran a mile in 8:34 today ! Hooray , 7mph constant running ! 
\I am on a drug . It's called < PROPFIRST > Sheen . It's not available . If you try it once 
Whew ! Took me almost three hours to finish this study guide for Political Science . I'm just glad it's done :P \ 
Now I get to look forward to the test , lol 
Gnomeo and < PROPFEMALE > was cute . 
Whew ! Finished my Political Science essay . My Spring break probably won't be that exciting , though , cuz I still have a speech to prepare for . 
Does ANYONE know of any good DVD burning software that I can use ?! 
HAHA I'm hogging the school's internet connection by myself !! 
From now on , I will refer to taking a poo as \Storming the Castle \"" 
Isn't Spring Break supposed to give us a break from school ? Apparently not , says the essay , the study guide , and the speech I have to complete by Monday . Hell , I'm even still going on the campus ! The only difference is that I don't have my classes in the morning . 
Fact : To outrun a crocodile , all you have to do is zigzag . 
G Spot is bored today , so she's playing with various things in my room . 
I heard < PROPFIRST > Sheen took enough drugs to kill two and a half men . 
Guys , we should all play a game of bag flag rag gag stag tag . It'll be fun . 
\I once had an affair with a couch pirate . \"" 
I dreamed I drank orange juice that had expired in 2000 and threw up , then I woke up feeling sick . 
Alright guys , the name of the game is Setback Super powers . What you do is name a superpower that has a setback that will make it indecent or completely useless . 
Just downloaded a very badly translated version of Pokemon Green for the lulz . And when I say badly translated , I MEAN it . 
\My Japanese girlfriend just broke up with me ... but that's okay . There are plenty more in the sea . \"" 
ROLLING AROUND AT THE SPEED OF SOUND ! 
Just bought a Terabyte external hard drive ! 
Lawl Verizon has released a wannabe version of the iPad 
Damn you < PROPFEMALE > commercial ! You rhymed your first two sentences , but didn't continue ! You had me interested until you stopped RHYMING !! 
\Fuck my life . \ " \ 
TESTICLEES !! 
I just found Rule 34 on Toothless from How To Train Your Dragon 
Reverend Wright is an idiot . Why doesn't he just give up already ? No one cares about his opinions anymore . 
You're right , guys . Despicable Me was a really cute movie 
Someone needs to make a Facebook group called \I hate when people post song lyrics as their statuses . \"" 
\Happiness is a sign of not caring enough . It's a harsh world out there if you try to be anything but a monster . \ " \ 
Man , I had the time of my life last night . ^_^ 
MOOTLES IS TROLLING /b/ WITH SEXY SAX MAN 
WHO ARE THESE PEOPLE ASKING ME FOR FRIEND REQUESTS ?!?! 
\Enjoy life now . It has an expiration date . \"" 
What album did the artist < PROPFEMALE > release in 1980 ? 
The Baculum is a bone inside the penis . It's literally a boner . 
You're absolutely right , < PROPFEMALE > . The floor-sugar does taste rather queer in this area . 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CSM5W41jl74\ 
... Wow 
I'm somewhat sensitive to chlorine , it seems . 
COME ON RIDE THE TRAIN ! 
The character name \D S F A R G E G\ " contains words or partial words that are not permitted in Guild Wars . " 
three old ladies are walking in the park\ 
a flasher jumps out in front of them and starts waving his cock\ 
the first lady has a stroke\ 
the second lady has a stroke\ 
and the third lady would have had a stroke\ 
but her arms were too short 
See him running from the porch\ 
Like some kind of human torch 
Highest average IQ ( By country ): Japan @ 108\ 
Lowest average IQ : Ghana @ 56 
Getting an active sex life is like winning at poker . You already have what you need : A good hand . 
So my teacher decided to throw a 75 point test in our faces today . There were 6 questions and only 1 of them was covered in our notes . \ 
Needless to say , I fucking bombed it because he didn't even tell us what was supposed to be on the test . 
Hullabaloo and howdy doo\ 
Musty prawns and Timbuktu\ 
Yeltsiby and hibbetypoo\ 
Kick em in the dishpan , hoo hoo hoo 
Alright , you guys have fun at the lake . 
I'm having lots of fun with the ladies today ... and by ladies , I mean black widow spiders . They seem to love bricks . 
http://www.iamhelenkeller.com/ 
I just posted for a 66 get and I fucking got it . WINNING 
If Dru put on a pokemon costume , he'd be Pikadru 
Help me out , guys . I REALLY need to find a decent Toyota Celica some time because my Mustang hates long road trips . If you can find one for a decent price that's not too far away from me , I'd be much obliged . 
Finished my essay and found out that I don't have to meet up with my small group tomorrow . I'm coming in anyways to see my special someone , though :P 
There I was is sitting at the bar staring at my drink when a large , trouble-making biker steps up next to me , grabs my drink and gulps it down in one swig . 
lulz < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Token Black Guy 
\Less bitchin ' 
Have you ever given yourself a paper cut by licking an envelope ? I just fucking did . Right on the lip . 
So I had the entire day off from work today ... which meant I was bound to get tied up in something else . I ended up trading in all my old PS2 junk to play n trade , going out shopping and to lunch with my neighbors , going into marshalls twice ( once on my own to get my schedule and once with the neighbors ) and bullshitting about 200 words onto < PROPFIRST > Hellums ' essay , which is actually due in 3 mins . 
I hate when I want to end my sentence with a preposition because it sounds right in speech , but is completely wrong in writing . 
I had a dream that Wolverine put a curse on a house , infesting it with small black spiders that killed anything with one bite and I began exploring it . I activated a booby trap eventually , which summoned an evil chick with shark fin tits . She had a small , curved knife and a meat cleaver and I had two < PROPFEMALE > , but sharp pocket knives that had one bullet each inside of them . ( cont ) 
Happy birthday , Hitler ... happy anniversary , Columbine ... happy anniversary , Ludlow Massacre ... happy anniversary , < PROPMALE > Space Center Shooting ... 
http://nyan.cat/ 
Completely finished all my workouts for my online PE class . This doesn't mean I'm not gonna hit the gym :D 
\Dad 
Token Black Guy\ 
/b/ quote of the day : \I'M BLAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACK ! \"" 
I spent the entire day researching and organizing for my group speech . Hopefully , my teammates are as productive and dedicated as I am . 
14 stacks of charr carvings in pre . I feel like a beast . 
I'm sick of doing everyone's work for them . 
Completely useless super powers ! \ 
I'll start : The ability to change the color of your kidneys . 
I just heard Nipples maul a dog outside . Lesson : Don't mess with my cat . 
Omfg , I just found Rule 34 on the nyan cat\ 
NYANNYANNYANNYANNYANNYANNYANNYANNYANNYANNYANNYANNYANNYANNYAN 
Finished up my outline and my note cards for my speech tomorrow ! Let's hope we do well ! 
I dreamed I was late for communications class , but I eventually found the building and the teacher was throwing a party instead of having the speech . After the party , I went to my OLD house ( not the one I currently live in ) and ended up with this 11 year old or so kid annoying the crap out of me . 
@ < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Carpenter hacked this facebook ...... hahahaha loser !!!!! 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Carpenter hacked it ... loser 
ITT : We \add\ " suspicious quotation marks in our \ " sentences . \"" 
Today isn't a very good day , it seems . 
I knew it ! I knew the writers of Cyanide and Happiness/ Explosm.net were /b/tards ! 
I am SO proud of the Sony hackers ! 
Everyone stay safe tonight . 25 people have died so far . 
Today had its moments , but was overall a bad day . Let's just leave it at that . No I will not tell anyone why because it's all personal . 
IRL QUOPPING 
I GOT LDoA AT LAST 
EVERYPONY EQUAL , EVERYPONY LOVED 
EVERYONE'S TALKING ABOUT BIN-LADEN . WELL I'M NOT FUCKING TALKING ABOUT IT . 
I GET 27 CENTS A YEAR FROM MY SAVINGS ACCOUNT'S INTEREST RATE . THAT'S SO MANLY THAT I HAVE TO USE CAPS LOCK . 
http://www.newgrounds.com/audio/listen/415384\ 
LULZ 
If ANYONE sees < PROPFIRST > Henson , tell him to speak with me . It's urgent ! 
Cooking and watching My Little Pony . How much more manly could I get ? 
It seems I'm single once again . Oh well . 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nLEz6Dg3FJc&feature=related 
Had another crazy dream . If you want to read my strange adventure , feel free to go to my notes section in my profile . 
WHY DO 33 OF MY FRIENDS , INCLUDING MY OWN SISTER , LIKE NICKLEBACK ?! THAT BAND SUCKS ASS 
Work is giving me a TON of hours this week . I've never worked 7 days in a row before ! \ 
Apart from that , they extended my hours . I got called in an hour early today and am going in 4 hours early tomorrow . My social life sucks , but that's okay . 
Quote :\ 
Hahahahahahahaha\ 
Hahahahaaha ..... sigh\ 
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHahahahHAHAHAhaHaHAHahAHHAHAHAHAhAhAhHaAhAhAhahHaAahHaHAHAhHAHAHAhHaHahHAHAhAHHAHAhA\ 
HahAhAHHAHAHAhAhAHHAHAhHahHaHaHAhAHHAHAhAhHAHAhHAHAhAhHAHAhAhHAHAhAHHAHAhHAhahAHHAAHAHAAAHAHAHAHAHAh\ 
ahahahHAHAHAhAHHAHAAHAHHAHAahHAHAHAHHAHAHaaAHAHAGHhahAHHAhGAHGHHHhghGHGHGhgghhh ..................... \ 
....................................... 
