Yeah , I fucked my sleep cycle again . Go me ! lol . 

Its the gift we've all been given , no time to bleed as you fall to your knees 
Rooney and Mr. Jack shall bring redemption to the Sinisterium . 
: Metallica . December 11th(or 12th .. fuck if I know .. ) 
shouldn't be conscious . Too much salt and not enough sleep for this ... 
Blasting The Misfits , working on meh psych project .. I swear to GOD , if I gotta finish one more sentence Imma kill EVERYTHING .. 
I .... I just woke up ... and I have glitter on my face and different clothes ... what the fuck did I do ... 
5 .. hours .. of .. Borderlands ... gaaaa ... 
Fuck Christmas . Yeah , I'm that nigga . [ Thanks for the correction < PROPFIRST > Mc Callum and < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Crall ] 
So what happens when you wanna come out but dont know how to tell everyone ? anyone got any advice ? 
-yawns- Well .. my kidneys stopped hurting .. 
just used < PROPFIRST > as rubbing alcohol .. it actually does work ... 
: it didn't rain at work . Win . I'm gonna go home dry for the first time in months . 
You know .. if I wasn't stubborn .. I'd be able to walk ... 
Is there a difference between live feed and news feed ? Cuz I got no fucking clue ... Simplicty points : Myspace 3 , Facebook 0 . 
Omuri , I love you , but stop failing me man ... 
I want it to rain harder then it did this morning so I can camp out on the rooftops with a bottle and watch people react . 
After 4 attempts , my computer loaded the Zune program . Now my phone battery will actually last cuz I ain't using it for music lol . 
Mmmmm ... 4000 songs .. everything from Lamb of God to CKY ... come on LA ! 
JESUS IS STILL ALRIGHT WITH ME ! - < PROPFIRST > P.S. I Love you < PROPMALE > ! 
In 10 years , when Christianity/Catholicism/Any other religion falls of the planet , remember to blame < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Crall for it . 
Just went from level 4 to 12 on CODMW2 by using nothing but the MP5K and frags . 
Facebook changed ? Y'all niggas or tripping or I'm stupid ... 
So , Airsoft Extreme sold me a confuckted m15 and won't exhcange it >.< Oi . 
Can't sleep . Text me ? 
Yeah , AEX needs to dies . Nao . 
I will buy you a ticket to the Twiztid show if you drive me and some homies to it . Ones in Ventura and ones in < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > . I can get gas too . 
MyYearbook is a prime example of camwhores . 
we need to fuck the system :D 
Ya know ... I was reffering to the System of a Down song .. 
is a victim of circumstance yet again ... also , down an awesome knife and up another felony . IMMA GO TO JAIL !!! >.< 
LET IT BE KNOWN TO ALL THAT < PROPFEMALE > Castro IS HIGH AS SHIT RITE NAO . 
FUCKING SPIDER 
< PROPFIRST > Grubbs , SHOW YOURSELF 
: Yeah , I'm a nigger . And yeah , I'm making some fucking burritos . See ya argument ? It's invalid . 
Somebody drive be a bro and drive me , Captain , and Sap0 to see Twiztid in Ventura Sunday .. I can get gas money and a ticket . POR FAVOR 
Made ribs . 
has a 4 1/2ft snake named Jager wrapped around his neck . 
gonna go see Bonez band at the Gaslighter .. its like ... Nekroterra er someshit .. CIRCLE PIT 
Yo . You . With the face . Fat beach party tomorrow . If we don't hate you , come . If we hate you ... come .. but make sure ya can swim . 
Crashed early for work , got told I wasn't allowed to , played Pokemon , took a nap , and woke up sick as shit >.< 
: olive garden with family . Oi . 
: alabama . 
Me and Hippie gonna be sexy zombies :D 
zombie party tomorrow . Captain , Nino , and Hippie at my casa tonight . Sleep ... maybe some time next Thursday ... 
Sick party . Sucks I had to bail early .. Bonez ! Next party we gotta do a shot together . Happy birthday nigga . 
: oh < PROPMALE > , i herd u liek suprize buttsecks . here u go . -violent humping-kthxbai . 
: otters at SeaWorld kept doing barrelrolls . Hippie couldn't get a pic . 
: ya can't stop what ya can't see , Imma be slipping in your backdoor and tying up your family . 
is thinking about rocking dreads . Opinion ? 
-sigh- Fuck meh . 
bought tickets to see PowerGlove . Win . 
: Eye of the Beholder-Metallica = muy sexy ? Yes . Yes it fucking does . 
\I wish I could kill people and loot their corpses and they would respawn in like 10 minutes and it would be all good . \ " < PROPFEMALE > Lewandowski I love that person . " 
Biked from my house to sunnyslope to taco < PROPFEMALE > and back with Sap0 . Bike seats hurt my ass . 
Anatomy science class . Bio < PROPFEMALE > test . The shit , yo . 
Sitting in < PROPFEMALE > testing soaked . Lol waters wet . 
is 6'7 and 250lb . I am officially scared of me . 
: hallucinogens . 
: tired . Text me . 
: pastels sound like a good improvised face paint . They aren't . 
: -sigh- fuck . Imma sleep . 
is gonna dress fancy tomorrow . 
:D ickies . Dress shirt . Purple tie . 
got expelled . Pinnacles , here I come . 
: Tired . Sore . Annoyed . 
: so close , no matter how far , couldn't be much more from the heart ... 
School ... at 8 ... with a buncha cholos and a white chick . Yay Pinnacles .. 
Hippie , I love you . 
-yawn- Stressful , yet eventful in odd ways . Remember friends , < PROPFEMALE > is a bitch . 
Pinnacles has to buy new programming for my classes . I feel like some sort of badass xD 
I need to excercise more and sleep less . After last nights activites I can think really clearly .. it's weird , yo . 
: just got hit on by the Taco < PROPFEMALE > cashier in Soquel . Hes a dude .. 
: Scat is the one thing I cannot stomach . Throw me blue waffles . Throw me anything else ya can think of . But bitches covered in shit sucking dick ... no . Thank you , 4chan . 
: Happy 3 months baby :D 
: oh fuck . That moved my last status .. SHIT !!! HIPPIE ! I LOVE YOU ! 
: anyone know where I can get some shit etched ? 
Started riding my bike to town . Halfway down my street the tire exploded . Balls . 
: Friday . And I'm broke . But I'm broke for Mayhem .. 
: is fighting Kaysie for her clothes 
: call of duty sausagefest . 
: this whole 6am wake up thing is killin me . Also , the 2 days , 60 dollar increase on ICP ticket prices . Busting my balls mang . Bustin ' . my . Balls . 
: nevermind ; Ticketmaster is like 40 bucks cheaper then the second sale sites . lolololol . 
: fuck parents . 4 months and a few days .. 
So , my snake Jager was crawling around my room . And now he's gone . Oi , mang . 
-yawn- 
: likes subtle bitches that like to fuck rough , not thug bitches that just wanna make love . 
12 hour shift number two in 6 hours . G'night . 
needs to get a ride to The Warfield Saturday . 
just bought Hippie a DS and SoulSilver :D 
: got sunburned for the first time in like 11 years . I have gone from orange to red . 
: Scizor is the shit . 
138 ultra balls later , Kyogre ran out of PP for Aqua Ring , Ancientpower , Water Spout , and Ice Beam . It then proceeded to use struggle and kill itself . Fuck my life . 
: what the fuck is a Beiber and why do I care if its cell number is leaked .. 
:D amn cockblocking family -.- 
Hippies MIA . Spam the phone . 8318010863 
Found her . 
: did Vector ask anyone esle if they wanted a job ? 
: 4 weeks until graduation . 
-yawn- Gonna buy Hippie an iPod xP 
: Hippie got me swords . I has been one upped . 
: Zune makes so much more sense than iPod . 
: The Great Southern Trendkill . 
Any parties tonight ? 
COD ? I need black up in domination . Tag : rooneyconover 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cUz51FjnlB0 
First Actor/Security Training(You must attend at least 1 ) is 2day 1-3pm , this is also a perfect opportunity to get/turn in your permission forms ! Hope to see you all there , and spread the word to other haunters as always ! 
: 500 bones to the first homeboy to make then son turn off . I'm done with this . 
Itouch go ! 
: school from 8-10 , graduation July 9 .. yee son . 
: shall I cut my hair after Mayhem ? VOTE NIGGERS . 
: Squidbillies is doing a spoof on Juggalos . I'm so not down for this , yet proud in some odd sense . 
: sore eyes/throat . Balls . 
Alabama . To Tik Tok . For .. days .. 
: should have over 80 apps on his iTouch in a few hours xD 
Finally got my damn wifi password 
: bus is lagging . 
: texting and driving xD 
: parties tommorrow ? 
: graduation ceremony in half an hour -yawn- 
: is a college kid . 
Niño 
: niggas . at . my . house . lol . 
: 2 hours and counting . 
: this whole moving my neck thing ... I ain't down . 
: cooooooockblooooock Dx 
: Stone Sour . Disturbed . Avenged Sevenfold . September 22nd in Sac . Who's down ? 
So , I passed all 5 sample tests on the DMV site only to be given a test with NONE OF THE QUESTIONS ON IT . 
Anybody wanna hook it up with metro phone ? 
: Tropic Thunder ... never again . 
: at Mars . One mannin this bitch Dx 
: Serj Tankian in SanFran September 17 . Wanna get a hotel and make an adventure . Whose down ? 
Has obtained a life time supply of kettle korn 
Anyone down to go see predator later ? 
-sigh- I tell my mom that she needs to clean up her damned mess in the kitchen and now she's driven off and threatening suicide . Hate to be that guy , but I consider this a win . 
: At mars with Hippie . Kick it ? 
: applied for Gav today . 
: -yawn- 
: Hippes < PROPFEMALE > got deleted . Da fack facebook . 
Props to Peaches for a fresh as Toga party . Night niggas . 
: we should mad mob to SanFran this week . Who wants to help make the \we \"?" 
: party tonight ? I think it needs to happen . 
: phones back . Text me ya < PROPFIRST > ? 8316646405 
: wants some food . Like a mo'fuckin cheeseburger er somethin . 
: Human Centipede ftw 
: so I felt fine last night . Then I got home , saw my Mom , and threw up for twelve hours . 
: bacon , brownies , eggs , potatoes , toast , and flat coke . Breakfast of champions . 
Building kick . EXPLOSION ! 
: work . Fuck me , very much . 
COME TO HAUNT MOFUCKAS 
: somebody go on Nicktoons and tell me if South < PROPFEMALE > has taken you over too . 
: yo , Haunt kids . if any of y'all niggas need bones .. I got a whole bunch from dead chickens and shit in my backyard . Imma use a few for my costume , but if ya want any hit me up . 
: got meh permit . 
: woke up covered in smudged black make up . Go haunt go . 
: my baaaaaaaack is bleeeeeeeeediiiiing 
: I have just learned that there will be an Artemis Fowl movie . Commencing with nerdgasm . 
: I've been violently attacked and raped -.- 
: new respirator today :D 
: thinks he might go to San < PROPMALE > and make fun of all the highschool kids . 
: < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > d , and < PROPMALE > dy with Hippie :D 
: sooo .. Apparently a bunch of lo's pegged Tila < PROPFEMALE > with rocks and now Atreyu is talkin shit . The fuck . 
: Hippie's going to the hospital for a possible gallbladder surgerey . Happy 6 months baby .. 
: got his folding tact knife . Yeah . It folds . 
: where's the party mofuckas ?!!!!??? 
: Gilroy tonight . 
: general array of haunt bitches ! Haunt flyering tomorrow in San < PROPFIRST > . We need drivers and heads . If your down hit me up on here or text me or Captain . 
: waiting for Hippie . 
: my iTouch says I have wifi , but won't connect . Da fuck . 
: driverite today .. -sigh- first time I get told to break Imma hit a bitch . 
: might only take on class this semester . Damn you FAFSA 
: me and Hippie need to get our asses to the zombie walk somehow . 
: me and Hippie needa be at the zombie walk by three for the fashion show . Help ? 
: now I'm my moms personal chauffer . 
: pineapple and Lamb Of God 
: it's always darkest before the < PROPFEMALE > -sigh- 
: tear me open , but beware , there's things inside without a care . 
: there's a rave tonight and I can't go cuz of work .. I should get paid overtime for this shit . 
In Palo Alto , September eleventh is airport day lolololol . 
: helped my mom steal a dog . Got sick . Haven't seen Hippie all week . And I gotta drive my Mom to Aptos Friday . Fuuuuuck . 
: haunt kids .. If ya see my mom .. Beg her to let me go to haunt . 
: thai food in San < PROPFIRST > for moms birthday . Sick and miss < PROPFEMALE > Flores like hell .. 
: just drove to San < PROPFIRST > . 
: puppies , puppies , floating down the river . 
: gonna get me a big orange lollipop and shank bitches . 
: I can't watch TV cuz my moms fucking dog needs rest -.- 
: maybe its cuz I work weekends .. but I dont see the big deal of Friday , Saturday , or Sunday . 
: got haunt back . 
: got haunt back , but still cant see Hippie .. 
: dubstep . 
: sometimes you stop to just take a breath , ya breath in the air and ya get upset . You don't wanna change , ya just think you need a little time alone and away from me . 
: getting my ass a hatchetman :D now I gotta get over this hatred of things around my neck .. 
Where do you fit in a Wolf Pack ? -- My Result : Wolf Pup . http://quizme.heroku.com/quizzes/35333/referrals/status?aid=566340646 
: finally getting my ass out to construction . 
: either < PROPFEMALE > is fake or I'm a horrible person . Don't fucking talk to me . 
: fuck you and everyone in yo clique , if you ain't runnin with that hatchet or banging psychopathic 
: HAUNT CONSTRUCTION TODAY FROM 3 TO 10 . COME HELP TODAY IF YA HAVEN'T BEEN OUT FUCKERS !! 
: driving to Salinas . 
: drove to salinas . Got a \I love zombies\ " lanyard and potstickers . Win . " 
Worker , go ! 
: text a nigga ? 
: mars . 
: gonna start working out . Imma fat ass . 
: heading to haunt the fat kid express xD 
: cleaning . Haunt . Go . 
: Born of Osiris :D 
: fuck bitches . Straight up . 
FUCK 
: I got like nine bucks and BK coupons and nobody at my pad to tell me I can't leave . Someone get in on this . 
: fuck .. this sleeping before 1am shit .. it's hard . 
: alright . Dreams , I'm ready for your coked out asses . 
: somebody drive to Palo Alto and give a nigga a cheeseburger . 
: shits sore , yo . 
: just got told I looks like my hatchetman . Win . 
: fighting the urge not to deck a cunt -.- 
: school . 
: think Imm start wearing more color for the lulz . 
: a few days ago I said I don't like soda . Now there's a 24 pack if Dr. Pepper and a 3 liter if pineapple soda by my bed . 
: whitechapel . 
: you fall . Your down . You rise . You'll fight again . 
: fuck ... I woke up late .. the shit .. 
: Buffer nerds to get the he'll off facebook 
FACK ITOUCH SPELL CHECK 
: ba . Fuck this legal shit , ya dig ? 
:D awn , death , fight , final breath , What don't kill you make you more strong . 
: mobbin to Salinas today . Text it . 
: just got home . Checkpoint reached . 
: Swarm by Dark Lotus . Check it . 
: Twiztid . 11/16 . SanFran . Shit YEAH 
http://m.ticketmaster.com/event/2C004531E5E434D5 
: soooooo ..... tiiiiiiiiiirrrrrreeeeeeeeeed ... fack . 
: we got , what , 6 days before opening ? I need to practice my redneck junk hustling capabilities . 
For the lulz , I will give in this one time . \ 
\ 
If you love me put a ? If your my friend put a :) . If you have ever had a crush on me put a ;) If you like me put a :] . If you think im funny put a :D . If you think I'm crazy put a :P . If you're brave put this as your status 
Dear Mother Nature :\ 
Please send cold weather , or I shall use this insane heat as advantage in the fiery destruction of all society . \ 
kthxbai . 
: Do any of us really know everybody on our Facebook friends list ? Here's a task for you . I want all my FB friends to comment on this status about how you met me . 
: haunt shit with Captain . 
: bah .. wrote for the first time in forever .. it's shitty , but read it anyways . Only note I got xD 
: so my whole costume has been lit on fire . Looks cool , and the respirator is pretty rad too . 
: school . Costume and cars with Hippie . Construction . More haunt shit on here . Go . 
: someone take my ass to haunt . 
the Twins and I will be out at haunt tomorrow at noon doing construction . Actor run through/costume rehersal is at 4 . IF YOU WANT TO WORK PLEASE SHOW UP . SHIT GETS REAL FRIDAY NIGHT ! 
: hands smell like smoke and gas .. and I had to tie my pants together with a shoelace .. but the costume is done ! \ 
People will be out at haunt today at NOON . Security run through at 4:30 , haunt rehersal at 7 . 
: radtastic . 
: shower . ROUND TWO ! 
: actor call tonight is at 5 . There is still building work to be done , so come early ! Twins and I will be there by at least one . 
: at haunt . 4 hours . 4 GODDAMN HOURS 
: attempting to bring back the < PROPFEMALE > Bander . 
: I can growl , but can't complete a sentence without squeaking er choking . Goddommot . 
: dead . 
: clown saw . 
: Hippie fell asleep holdin my hand . Now I'm scared to move -.- 
: there is no rain . Cease with the trolling . 
: anyone want a roomie ? I need the hell out . 
: got an application for BK . It has begun . 
: gonna get my ID , get all my smoker friends together , buy a carton , cover it in gas , and torch it . Happy birthday to me .. 
: driving test in a bit . Lets do this . 
: only missed one thing on the test . DRIVER DRIVE ! 
: Ill < PROPMALE > . Necro . Jedi Mind Trick . 
: mom kicked me out . Visitin friends in Alabama for the night .. 
: Salinas with Hippie today :D 
I am a tall pretty carrot and I'm proud . :D .. Also , Hippie loves me . 
: niners didn't win . I did . 
: gettin Hippie . Gonna find us a beach . Happy eight months baby :D 
: hungry . But the internets back after a week ... so I will feast upon 4chan . 
: the lulz aren't that satisfying . Ghetto rigged pizza , her I come . 
: best part of Gavilan is the free wifi . 
: Jalepeno Poppers . Shit's getting real . 
: takin a night off . 
: truth is .. I won't answer your shit . 
: 84 inbox messages on my yahoo . All spam porn . Dear gawd .. 
: the Giants will not win . I am en route to assassinate the entire team as we speak . Good day . 
: nay , the Giant's did not win ! For I had sold them some \skittles\ " before the game ! BUT THEY WERE REALLY CRACK ROCKS AND FOOD COLORING !!! MUAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA !!! " 
: buying Hippie a gecko . Cuz I'm the shit like that . 
: feeling sick . Will go to the doctors after haunt season . 
: Hippies sick . Mom's sick . < PROPMALE>'s sick and bitchy . I'm on house duty . Weeeeeeeeeeeeeehhhhhhhooooooooooooooooooo 
B-b-b-bird , bird , bird , b-bird's the word . 
: I WON THE WORLD SERIES BITCHES 
: in bed .. before midnight ? I'm broken . 
: nauseaus . tired . moving pipe for free . FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU 
: woke up to \We Won't Die\ " . Realness levels have reached a new high . " 
: Hippie fell asleep . I gotta take her home but I don't wanna wake her up .. looks like Imma maneuver the car into my living room , 
: worker in sanfran . 
: sick . 
: so I elbowed my door and tore the hinge outta the wall . 
: dubstep and angry words . 
: got tickets for midnight < PROPMALE > Potter . 
: alabama vacation . My secretary was and will be taking my calls . 
: posted at target with a 2 liter of pineapple soda . 
: restarting heart gold with a Chikorita . Name it . 
: day and night , the lonely loner seems to free his mind at night .. 
: wooooooooooooooooorker . 
: Twiztid Tuesday . 
: Cypress Hill . 
: just bought the Twiztid tickets . Omuri Conover , < PROPFEMALE > Flores , and Nino Imbr .. shits gonna get real . 
: gotta drive to SanFran .. but getting sleepy ... fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck . \ 
Excuse me while I go down 3 Spikes . Fuck you and your monster . 
: gonna play the used cuz I nostalgia like that . ha . Operation Passthefuckout initiated . 
: sore throat , finally feelin those mosh pits .. but .. I gotta .. live to see < PROPMALE > Potter die .. 
: it's raining . Time for some manly time at work . 
: everyone turns their back on something a little different , that's why the aliens ya saw never existed . 
: gotta come up on Riddle Box and then I got all the cards . 
: all these bitches wanna lick my ice cream . 
: Pantera headbangers ball ? \ 
Imma need more Kleenex . 
: fuuuuuuuuuuuuucking tired . so not down for turkeymassacre . 
: celebrate the slaughter . 
: me ad Hippie or gonna go to Gilroy for black Friday xD 
: oh shit , shake that ass while moving like a gypsy , Goddamn back it up and let me see them hips swing . 
: I think I wanna make a butcher character for haunt . 
: so these waterproof boots now get water in them . Gonna get another pair of nonsteeltoes , and these wills be my stomping boots xD 
: Dear iTouch , \ 
if you are going to say you are dying , die . \ 
Don't pester me about . 
: so I got pulled over for not having my lights on . Fucking city , with it's excess lighting and shit , throwing off my game . 
: goddom fafsa , making no goddom sense . Goddommot . 
.. pudi ? 
: facebook lacks pudi . I demands raid . 
: stuck .. watching glee .. kill .. me .. 
: the last poptart in my poptart stash is blueberry . But it was so crushed it is untoastable . FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU 
: at the farmers market in a twiztid shirt , cargos , and nazistompers . One of these things doesn't belong here ... 
: Maybe I only < PROPFEMALE > with weirdoes , and hoodlums , and junkies , I keep ' em by my side . 
: so .. I'm coughing so hard shits coming out and my head is throbbing .. is this a doctor necessary situation ? 
: The Wraith . 
: this number game makes me want to buy a gun . 
: scared . 
: gotta gauge to ya dome , gonna free your mind . 
: action replay ftw . 
: farm hand ? Fuck it . It's money . 
I haven't seen Repo or Boondocks Saints . \ 
Shit thou brix . 
: everyone must troll fruitcake with Daddyness . 
: pancakes better be ready upon my arrival . 
: copius amounts of french toast , then driving to the SF Zoo . Gotta find some bass to go with me for the ride . 
: working Christmas < PROPFEMALE > and New Years Day . Fuck . 
: need some E-40 in my music .. 
: finally going to the doctor for this cough .. 2 and a half months later . 
: ever since there's been a jail cell , murders been commited . Thou shall not kill , so whose the one sinnin' ? 
: her maturity speeches are tales of hypocrisy . 
: I'm black . But not like 50 Cent black . Like Run DMC black . 
: had a gacked dream .. all I remember is a black juggalette , the bathroom from the first saw , and hella spears ... 
: < PROPFEMALE > YouTube . Gimme dope shit to steal . 
: 4 extra hours .. No extra pay . Cockass . 
: so my mom freaked out and I needa move out of my parents place . I'm saving up money , and wanna get out around march . Anybody want a roomie ? 
: 2 hours with her and I'm down to ride . This ain't healthy . 
: patching up holes in my walls . Operation Leave No Evidence initiated . 
: I have a fever . And the only cure .. is dirtier basslines . 
: singing cuz I got high with < PROPFIRST > in front of the ER . 
: Bout to Bubble dubstep mix ? Dopeness levels reached a new high . 
: so , my snake died cuz it tried to eat it bedding , one of my brand new headphones came broken , works gonna blow cuz I ain't got shit to sell .. and the sun ain't even up yet . 
All I care about is sex and violence , a heavy bass line is my kind of silence , everybody says that I gotta get a grip , but I let sanity give me the slip . 
: spontaneous nose bleeds ... and it's been a good 18 plus years since I did coke . 
: so .. I think I left my iTouch somewhere in Gilroy . Good game . Now return my shit before I burn down your city . 
: day 2 without constatnt supply of music . \ 
[ don'tfuckwithme . jpg ] 
: the barnes and nobles in Gilroy has my music . They will be spared . 
: Sex . Drugs . Money . Murder . 
: Hollister needs more local music . 
: I'm too young for this . 
: Felicia Flores thought she'd smash on me at Solicalibur . So I went out and bought her a PS2 and Solicalibur Duex . Then used Nightmare to smash on her 4 times . \ 
She gets to keep the PS2 though xD 
: just got an all black stilleto knife , an all black trench knife , and some throwing dagger things that came with the trench knife for like 4 eaxtra bucks . Squee . 
: this is war , and it never ends . 
: brainwash needs to go back to blue . This red shit ain't spicy . 
: lololol , drove down < PROPFEMALE > and saw some mexican dude pulled over and puking on the side of the road . 
: WANT MY GODDAMNED OVER SIZED ASS FUCKING STILLETTO KNIFE 
: it's rainin like a mofucka . And I got work . Woooooo . 
: I want a dog . 
: Cleaning . Ravioli . Worker . Hippie . Gavilan . Costco . 
: ' shroomhead and hating this fucking futon . 
: anybody got political science today ? Save me ? 
: need a ride home . Text me if your down . 
: I swear on my fucking life , Herpes works at the same market as me now o.O 
: the best part of this whole fucking super bowl is that I had an easy ass day at work . Fuck watching sports . 
: knife was in Salinas at 6:23 . It's now 10:35 . Damnit UPS , it's only a tweny minute drive from Salinas to my house . 
Cause I'm < PROPMALE > and I leave my < PROPFEMALE > open . xP 
: 60 pages of reading for ONE quiz . This whole college thing just hit me like a bullet train .. 
: it's a Twiztid day .. 
: got my baby < PROPFEMALE > Flores a boss ass purple heart necklace . Ate some reject cupcakes . Played kingdom hearts . Now Imma fall asleep while downloading ABK , Blaze , Dark Lotus , and Psycopathic Rydas . Pretty ballin ass Valentines Day . Love ya Hippie :D 
: Facebook notifies me of my own anniversary ... \ 
Is this something that people usually forget ? 
: pick the red or the blue , do what ya gotta do , cuz when ya realize they're the same path ya getting fucked by the aftermath . 
I'm not invincible , I could die a million times , each more painful then the first but I survive . 
: just spent 5 odd hours cleaning so I can go to the library for an hour . Fuck you Mother . 
: I miss waking up at sixam and falling asleep at threeam . 
: history essays give my brain seizures . 
: the day it snows in Hollister I was in San < PROPFIRST > being raped by sunlight . Next time there will be drive by snow ballings to ALL OF YOU 
: throat feels like it's bleeding . Something in monsters , rock and rye , and white beets is killing me ... 
: new laptop . It tastes so good .. 
: downloading iTunes and Fruity Loops Studios . Dubstep is gonna be my new hobby . 
: downloading torrents . I will master the internet . 
: so uhm , I got a wifi thing from verizon .. and I downloaded it and now Imma connected to broadband .. I hope I got the right shit going on right now . 
: making my own blueberry pancakes . Y'all women are inadequate to my superiority . 
: somebody hacked me . They were jealous of my pancakes . 
: Twiztid discography just downloaded . Yeeee nuuuuukkkkkkaaaaaaahhhhh . 
: who the fuck changed the law and order theme song . 
: gonna go die . Sleep is possible . 
: transferring my shit off my Mom's desktop while bullshitting a 4 < PROPFEMALE > culture essay . < PROPFEMALE > . 
: just started a couple hundred tomato plants . Gonna start stick shift in a bit . < PROPFEMALE > . 
: of course , a cop bitches at me for speeding when I'm trying to get to fucking class . 
: needs a ride from work , home , then to Buffers thingy . 
: 4:00 to 5:30 Saturday . 4 to 4:30 Sunday . 8 to noon Tuesday and Thursday . 8 to 2 Monday , Wednesday , and Friday . If I don't get a fucking car out of him soon .. 
: mad , mad , bagz of weed .. 
: gonna start fixing my car tomorrow . 
: Hippies < PROPFEMALE > cupcakes via request ! Little sweet , little tipsy ! Text or call to reserve your green treat ! 
: woke up 12 pounds lighter . Ate ten pieces of French toast . Balance restored . 
: I have successfully stayed out of all pokewars . \ 
I challenge all of you to poke me enough that I care . 
: so , I whooped the Elite Four , sodomized N , and gangbanged Ghestis . Then , out of pure habit , I restarted my DS during the credits because I'm impatient . Now I gotta do N and Ghestis again . 
: whoever made political science should be nuked . Thoroughly , nuked . 
: got one of them new fangled qwerty touch screen phones . Send a nigga ringas . 8316646405 
