Sick on New Year's! 

is one happy little kitten . 
feels left out . 
Hey ! Does anyone know of a house for rent that is perfect , relatively inexpensive , and allows cats ? I guess I would also need roommates . 
I programmed my office's new cash register . I feel so high tech . 
cannot sleep . 
is looking forward to a pay decrease . Let's hear it for clerical errors ! 
I am < PROPFIRST>'s Broken Heart . 3 hours of computer work down the drain . 
My computer is going crazy ! Stupid Screen . 
I put on men's deodorant today . It's weird smelling like a man , I'm not going to lie . 
Someone's locking my doors ! 
Argh ! Burn Notice ends this week . It won't start up again until January . Life is so cruel . 
There was a cat convention on my front porch this evening . 
I try to be like Grace < PROPFIRST > . 
Tonight's the night for star-gazing ! 
Trouble ahead . 
I misplaced my phone . I think I might have lost it . 
just ordered a snazzy new phone . I feel so high tech . 
heard buzzing in my car , but am unable to locate my phone . 
Should I do it ? Yes or no ? 
might be a bit too bold for her own good . 
I tried so hard And got so far But in the end It doesn't even matter 
cannot do stairs , walking is hard enough . 
is functioning on maybe one and a half hours of sleep . maybe . 
Get ready for a super amazing video game pitch . 
Does anyone know somebody , or knows somebody who knows somebody , who is female , a student at the U , and a racquetball player ? I am trying to recruit players for the club team . We need women ! 
I feel sick ... and dizzy . Good thing I get off work in 5 hours . 
is expecting something . 
I just did something really embarrassing . But , it's my birthday , I think I can take some liberties . 
Happy International Talk Like a Pirate Day . Yargh ! 
I am a champ . 
is kind of upset . 
My cat just bit me . Thanks . 
I have a story to tell : Today in one of my classes , a student was complaining that her parents had taken away her car . Apparently she had been drinking and driving and hit a curb while texting . She had to call her mom at 3 am for help . I've always wanted to try drinking , driving , and texting . 
I wish I were cooler . Sigh . 
I'm delicate . And I mean that in the best possible way . 
Raided mom's closet . Found something perfect . 
I am selling Starving Student Cards to help raise money for the University of Utah Racquetball Club . These cards are AMAZING ! $30 gets you over $7000 in deals at local businesses . Let me know if you're interested . Please help out . 
So , the people who were killed in the Ft . Hood tragedy are being called heroes . Does this mean that anyone who is unlucky enough to be shot at and killed is a hero ? I don't buy that . Hardly anyone the U.S. Military has killed in their \protection of American Freedom\ " is considered a hero . Quite the double standard . " 
I'm beat . 
A man's gotta do what a man's gotta do . 
I'm unsure . 
Ten Dollar Solo 
7 to 10 days without my laptop . I don't know if I can make it . 
It's a Christmas miracle ! 
A C- never looked so good . 
Stolen credit card number : Check ! 
Crown falling out : Check ! 
Tooth and card are restored . 
But then I miss you , most at Christmas time . 
Church was AMAZING today ! 
Sigh ... 
White 
I'm finally back to normal . 
learned my passion in the good old-fashioned school of loverboys . 
I am listening to a < PROPMALE > & Sullivan Opera . I think that's why all the guys like me . 
I think I could be a really good stalker . Any takers ? 
I just can't get it back . 
I'm a driver , I'm a winner ; things are gonna change I can feel it . 
Oh well . 
I have the coolest friends ! 
I don't care if it happens or not , but the expectation that it will happen and then it doesn't is killing me . 
And when I feel a bit naughty ... 
I feel like I'm getting screwed just because I'm a nice person . 
Doubt and guilt , a winning combination . 
I am in love with a vampire . And no , it's not < PROPFIRST > Cullen . 
I saw this on a license plate cover : Men are like parking stalls , the good ones are taken and the rest are all handicapped . 
Hello there , the Angel from my nightmare . 
Mi casa es su casa . That's Spanish , by the way , for keep her outta my stuff . 
FIRST CONCERT YOU ATTENDED ! Everyone please play ! You will find it interesting to know where and what your FB friends first concert was . Copy & paste this on your profile , then put your First Concert at the end of this sentence . The first rock concert I went to was U2 at Rice Eccles Stadium . The opening band was Rage Against the Machine . Talk about epic . 
\I have learned from experience that a modicum of snuff can be most efficacious . \"" 
Honesty is key . 
Hey iPhone users ! I need an idea for the final project in my iPhone apps class . Any suggestions ? What app do you want but isn't available ? 
Hey ! Can anyone take me + friend to the airport on Tuesday , April 6 ? I need to be to the airport by 8:30 am . Also , Can anyone pick me + friend up from the airport on Sunday , April 11 ? My flight will get in at 4:30 pm . 
I NEED PANTS ! 
I am a champ ! 
My name is now Snickle Dippin Face . 
? I'm in love with a girl . ? ( or boy , as the case may be ) 
Just for the record : I totally knew that the score from the Pelican Brief was done by < PROPFIRST > Horner . And I'm humble too . 
\I wish I knew how to quit you . \"" 
Evany = Tired 
Hey ! Anybody have the P90X videos that they would let me borrow ? 
I know you'll all be jealous , but I just won a Farmville t-shirt . 
And baby makes 6 . 
I think I'm turning into Captain Awesome . 
The cry goes round the club , \Evany is finished with school ! \"" 
Now < PROPFEMALE > don't you go to sleep , it's such a bitter form of refuge . 
Ambassador < PROPFIRST > Huntsman , Jr. totally referenced an Incubus song in his graduation address . Do you think he's trying to be hip with the younger generation ? 
O , that I were a lawnchair . 
Dread remorse when you are tempted to err , Miss Eyre ; remorse is the \ 
poison of life . 
Is it too much to ask for a man ... 
Basketball at work ? Is that allowed ? This isn't Campus Rec . 
Is it wrong to say I like < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > ? His music , I mean . 
is sad . Or tired . Or both . 
I just watched a fabulous softball game . The 6th < PROPMALE > Rocks ! Especially in the rain ! 
? Don't wish . Don't start . Wishing only wounds the heart . ? 
Be still my beating heart ! 
? I'd cut your name in my heart ? 
The cheese of life might just have to be Cheddar . 
\Do you know what my bread and butter is ? Bread and butter . Fungus has never entered into the equation . Not once . \"" 
Go to bed , Evany ! 
\There's only one man who would dare give me the raspberry : Lone Starr . \"" 
Is tuna safe for my pregnant wife ? 
I love that Primus is in the < PROPMALE > & < PROPMALE>'s Bogus Journey Battle of the Bands and get beat by < PROPMALE > & < PROPMALE > , a.k.a. Kiss . 
\By the power of Grayskull ! \"" 
I want to create my perfect dream dorm ! 
My head hurts with the force of 1000 fire-breathing dragons with heartburn . Time for bed maybe ? 
It's business time . 
I just added two external hard drives to my computer set up . Be honest , is that excessive ? 
Will someone please save me from myself . 
I want to know what songs/artists you secretly love . Is it MmmBop ? Milli Vanilli ? < PROPFIRST > Bolton ? The Macarena ? Please share ! 
\And so as the sun < PROPFEMALE > over the island of cheese 
I totally had a dream last night where I was rockin ' the air guitar . Backwards , of course . 
My new favorite quote : \You ruined my new jacket ! Kill him A LOT ! \"" 
The motto of my life : There's a movie for that . 
Yargh ! This chair be high says I . 
Bedtime for Hitler and Germany . 
I think it was the pre-game Muse . 
Next time : Jacket . 
Apparently the flower was on the wrong side . 
“There\ 
is nothing that wastes the body like worry , and one who has any faith \ 
in God should be ashamed to worry about anything whatsoever” ( Gandhi ) 
? I once was lost , but now am found ? 
Life is so good ! 
Twitchy eye ! Oh , you've twitched your last ! 
I want to punch something right now . 
Evany : 0 Internet : 1 
Comcast Internet + Apple Express Base Station = Spawn of Basement Cat 
? My dearest friend , if you don't mind\ 
I'd like to join you by your side\ 
Where we can gaze into the stars\ 
And sit together , now and forever\ 
For it is plain as anyone can see\ 
We're simply meant to be . ? 
The most divine poetry is that which teaches us to love . 
Lobster < PROPMALE > is hot ! 
My black t-shirt count has just increased three fold . Apparently no other color will do . 
Las Vegas rain . 
\We read to know we're not alone . \"" 
So , in trying to de-pit an avocado I used the ever effective slap the knife down on the pit and twist . Missed the pit . Thumb is going to be okay I think . 
So , I was wrong . It wasn't you . I was about to get super upset . Crisis averted . Which is kind of sad , because you could use a good scolding . 
Quandary ... In one . 
? Trying to find my way the best I know how . ? 
I think my high point this evening was \Don't you get cold here in the cold section of the store ? \"" 
Plug in Baby ! 
So , the guy I order my smoothie from at Jamba Juice is super cute . I feel like my life is turning into \Taylor the Latte Boy\ " except without the caffeine . Is it too early to tell him I'm in love ? " 
Sunday evening blahs . 
Apparently I go for guys who are dark and twisty . 
I do believe I need the power of everybody's writing skills for the next two days . Kind of like how the Power Rangers all joined together to create that Megazord thing that could defeat every bad guy that crossed its path . \It's Morphin Time ! \"" 
I just wrote \twisted pornographic lust flicks\ " in my personal statement . Do you think it will get me the gig ? " 
Yay ! The Peasants rejoice ! 
Done and Done ! 
I am suddenly very sad . 
I think my headache is taking over the world . 
\We've got our fingers in many pies . \"" 
Be happy for me . 
Whoever invented heels is dead to me . 
? I life and death my way through the sun where originates all the pain that leaves my memory a traumatic sponge and sings to you . ? 
I was hoping she would pluck her eyebrows , but she never did . He still went after her though . 
\I said consummate v's . CONSUMMATE ! \"" 
There's a monster in my inbox ! 
\Where precisely were you in the early part of the sixteenth century ? \"" 
? When I'm worried and I can't sleep , I count my blessings instead of ex-boyfriends ? 
I just saw a pterodactyl tied to the roof of someone's car . I thought hunting them was illegal . 
I just won the < PROPMALE > ugly sweater contest . Don't tell my grandma , it's her sweater . 
So , my water bottles that everyone loves . They are available again at Costco . They come in a 3-pack . 
So a dog stole my leftovers off the back porch , container and all . No more Chicken Vindaloo for me . 
\The whole world is set on fire . \"" 
I think I would like a shoe phone . My birthday is coming up . September . Just saying . 
I was just told I am like unto a < PROPFEMALE > Flytrap , beautiful yet dangerous . Watch out ! 
Escape now with the man of your dreams . 
Apparently free does not mean free . 
I just had a shock . 
There is a fly buzzing around in my room . Shoo , fly ! 
I just wanted someone to listen . 
My legs feel like jelly . 
Can't sleep . And cat is attacking me . 
\Impudent piece of crockery ! \"" 
If I were in the Swamp of Sadness right now , I'd sink . 
The world makes sense again . 
Best < PROPMALE > History Ever ! 
My car is amazing . Times 2 . 
Wow ! A < PROPFEMALE > devoted to Mullets , Midgets , and Prostitutes . 
Such a good day . Brought to you by the letters ' C , ' ' E , ' and ' T , ' and the number 2 . 
? Well done , sister suffragette ! ? 
Oh teen angst , you make such good movies . 
I stayed up all night reading a book . Let's hear it for unwise decision-making . 
< PROPFIRST > Sloan , you were great . The only thing I can really fault you for is keeping Ostertag around . 
? I need another story , something to get off my chest ? 
Super sappy romance movie on < PROPFIRST>'s Day : Check . 
Why is Classical Gas stuck in my head ? 
? I've been arrested by you , take me in ? 
? There's nothing wrong with just a taste of what you paid for ? 
My heart is full , but my options are empty . 
Yeah , who else has their name on a bottle of soap ? 
I think I would fit in very well as a < PROPFEMALE > Meyer vampire because I have really dark circles under my eyes ( Hey , if I can't get rid of them , might as well use them to my advantage ) . 
\A thing of beauty is a joy for ever \"" 
Always check for dead bodies . 
? Butterfly in the sky ? 
I believe Inception has infiltrated my feet . There is a blister inside a blister inside a blister . How far will they delve to persuade me to stop running ? 
\There's more than one way to skin a canal . \"" 
I hate it when I find typos on cover letters/resumes that I have already sent in . 
\What unseen spirit [ has ] been sitting for weeks by my heart watching its workings and taking record of every pulse . \"" 
I'm going out on a limb here , but if you get run through in the back with a sword up to the hilt , I'm thinking you're not going to live . 
The guy at the < PROPFEMALE > Wagner ticket office : totally helpful . New best friend ! 
I'm saying NO to friends with benefits ! 
Well , I don't need to move to LA . 
So , I guess it was just a matter of time before my gmail account was hacked . I will now have to think up a new \clever\ " password . Sorry to all affected parties . " 
I'm so conflicted ! Guns N ' Roses or < PROPFIRST > Halen ? 
So , I totally just drove past a truck and trailer with the sign : Caution Show Horses . \ 
\ 
\Ten and two ! We're sharing the road with show horses ! \"" 
