Loves dah old school songs ! Yay wonderwall ! 

Choo choo Katchu tomarrow i see the big blue ! XP 
Freakin loves in and out burger ! I'mma go get me a burger ! 
I just about 2 birth a fool !!! 
Hey late thanks 2 everyone who wished me a happy Birthday you guys are great :D 
word 
I got up early ! 8O 
Heeelllllllllllllloooo hellllllllllllllllowww hellow ! 
Man snow again ! GRRRRRRRR ! > : l 
i can't stop listen 2 < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > today . 
Sick of being talk through not to today . 
will try not to confuse anyone with his status this time haha 
Talent night was intense < PROPFIRST > u rock dude ! 
Phone gonna be out for lil so i guess talk 2 me through here facebook if u want 2 get ahold of me 
Brains all cluttered . 
GREATEST CONCERT EVER ! snunk past security at Paramore and met < PROPFEMALE > ! She was very impressed ! < PROPFEMALE > and me are such badasses ! 
is all paranoid right now 
Lol is done taking lortab begining 2 like it 2 much bahaha 
Is ready 2 have a sexy weekend ! 
By the way I tried to say i'd be there 
Birth ! 
Way wants 2 see kick ass again 
Robot fish confuse me . How's that work ? 
Needs 2 start living like i\m dying and writing more lyrics again " 
Decided I love garbage cans ! 
Has had and amazing night . I haven't felt this awesome in a long time ! 
< PROPFEMALE > is just amazing !!.... 
;) 
I got in trouble for breaking into the zoo and freeing all the kangaroos ! 
Good burger 
Doesn't wanna fall asleep only 2 find out I'm gonna be blended into bits ! 
Knee Grow ! That man is a Knee Grow ! 
Ninja'd my way outta of a house this morning ;P 
Had the best food ever ! 
Wants 2 chew on something silver ... :v 
Word up ! 
Is grateful that he is not allergic 2 the pants I'm currently wearing cause that would be striaght up uncomfortable 
Crakers .... 
I've got a sick obsession , I'm seeing it in my dreams . 
I've never felt more alive , I never felt more dead .... All of this because something I read . Hundreds of things left unsaid ... 
Following my heart , likes going with the flow instead of against it . :) 
I've been waiting for tomarrows all my life 
And she's brown ! ;) <3 
Needs 2 get things together ... 
Bahaha wow fail oops 
Wishes the days didn't go by so fast . I've been enjoying every minute of them lately 
It's gonna be freakin crazy hard ... 
About 2 go bussi on your ness 
Super super happy I'm not dead . I crashed into a semi this morning I thought I was done for . :( < PROPFEMALE > I love you babe thanks for everything ! 
Sitting waiting wishing ... 
Wow what a relief ... I didn't realize how easily my world could come crashing down . Everythings great though . 
Wants 2 listen 2 some msi 
I love < PROPFEMALE > she is awesome 
Amaza-Zing !!! < PROPMALE > 
Yay !!! I finally have my own apartment ! Contact me if u wanna know where I live 
R.I.P. my lil < PROPMALE > ... 
Ladidadidadi 
Never give up , Never hold your head down . 
Are u part of the problem or the solution ? 
< PROPFIRST > this is < PROPFEMALE > babe ..... is your love my drug 
This is going to be a fun week ....... h 
Yay I can my shots and physical crap done ! 
Last day of school tomarrow ! Intense haha 
I seriously have the most amazing girl ever ! :)) 
Yay my externship is fun ! 
Sweet I found some old school mortal kombat for my sega ! 
I've gone for tol long living like I'm not alive/ So I'm gonna start over tonight begining with you and I . -Paramore 
Ludo was a party ! :P 
I got the job as a Medical Assistant !!! all that hard work payed off ! :) 
I love my new job ! 
I love my girl ! period ! 
I'm excited metroid is so awesome ! 
I was glad my fiance loved the toilet paper ;) 
Dang I'm excited I'm getting married ! 
Sweet I get payed on holidays ! Score ! 
Love ya < PROPFEMALE > ! Haha that is all . 
Hey I'll play the numberz game to . Message me a number 1 through 9999 and I'll tell ya what I think about cha and what not 
#4989 School was way past awesome with you ! You always help with my girl trouble haha . Im glad you found a nice guy u that treats you better 
777# I'm jealous of you dude . Next time you do something crazy like go swimming in a dress hit up ! Lol I still give you < PROPMALE > props for that 
10# Dude your a smart guy . U always say things I agree 2 but honestly I didn't understand what u said . Haha we need 2 jam sometime 
#77 yeah man you should come 2 my apartment sometime 2 chill . I have a lot of respect for you . Your always cheerful and positive 
3462 #I really miss chilling with you all the time way bad . You were always there 2 listen and I know your still an awesome friend . HangSoon ? 
4# your awesome I still have the picture you made me < PROPMALE > up in my room ! U made my shoe break up with me though ... its ok I'm over it haha 
17 #I feel bad about how things went down . I would of told ya in person if I had the < PROPMALE > . Your a beautiful person though I had fun hanging 
Yay work ! Haha 
717# your way awesome . I never see you anymore but I'm going back 2 studio regularly pretty soon so yeah . Miss you and your pipes ! 
Lol good advice ! 
My work party was completely bomb ! I was suprised 
Family force 5 today !!! 
Sweet I just one free tickets 2 FF5 TONIGHT ! So I got 2 extra tickets ! 
My awesome soon to be brother in law is awesome 
Moy's a homosexual ! 
Moy's a homosexual 
moy forgot 2 mention that guy was himself 
I am white , male , straight , engaged . My fiance is mexican . I like sonic the hedgehog . I don't drink or smoke . I believe in god . I forgot 2 eat breakfast today . I am wearing green with gold shoes 
My butt is so frozen from sledding baha 
Sweet it's all official and what not ! Invitations are on the way and it's set for the 29th ! If you wanna come send me your deets . Oh and we'ze be registered at target ! 
Happy birthday sweetheart I love you ! I'll make your birthday awesome :) 
I'm just grateful for everything . God bless . Happy birthday babe 
Oh snap one week pending ! I'm excited 
Awesome BP haha and I don't mean blood pressure ! 
Yay ! Ice cream 
Pokemon apoke'lypes on youtube baha check it out ! 
Yay lenkas coming ! 
I know this is way late but thank you all so very very much for the awesome birthday wishes ! Lol i have internet at my apt now i can reply on here haha 
