Nothing could b better than a quiet night with my man :) 

Bout to be snuggled in for the night .. It's gettn kinda late .... 
&& Evry day that I dnt see ur face . My heart heals in a kind of way . It's hard2 explain . And evry day I dnt hear ur voice .. It fades more in2 a whisper . 
The slang that I speak dnt change that Im deep as the throat of a certified freak when she choke 
I once contemplated suicide an woulda tried but < PROPFEMALE > I held that 9 all I could c was my mama's eyes . Noone knos my struggle . They only c the trouble . Not knowin it's hard2 < PROPFEMALE > on < PROPFEMALE > noone loves u . 
What am I doin ? O yea thas right . I'm doin me . I'm doin me . I'm livin life right now mane .. & this what Ima do til it's over .. til it's over but it's far from over . 
To cut it even .. we both had motives , we both caused the fights , an we both r gona walk away from this unharmed and never look back . 
Since my mama died I ain't been right since And I tried to piece the puzzle of the universe , Split an eighth of shrooms just so I can see the universe .. 
So .. Im laying in bed with my dog bout to watch a movie & fall out 
Lazy Day . 
Can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky r like shooting stars ? I could really use a wish right now ... 
w/ the sis for the day ... exactly what i need to b happy :^) 
And u cant fight the tears that aint coming . Or the moment of truth in ur lies . When everything feels like the movies . Yea , u bleed jus to know ur alive . 
Cookin up some rice & chicken for my lunch/dinner .. an of course wangn tha music haha 
has gone SWiMMiNG ! 
With Myranda :) :) :) 
There's an angel in the sky watchin over me .. 
Stayn in tonight .. Myranda we're waiting for you !!!! 
Put that in ur pipe an smoke it ! 
I woke up yesterday feeling alone .. I woke up today feeling like I'll never be alone . Because I have an angel watching over me .. I thought I had lost her but I realized I never could . Love you mama .. Rest In Peace .. 
All Im tryna say is , get back .. clik-clak .. PAOW . 
drunk .. silly ... and tired . goin2 beeeedddd ! 
Im not afraid to take a stand . Evrybody come take my hand . We'll walk this road together through the storm . Whatever weather .. cold or warm . Jus to let u kno that ur not alone . Holla if u feel like uv been down tha same road . 
happy go lucky ... 
fuck it . ima do it on my own .... i want what i got an i got what i need ....... friends family my dignity & my pride . 2 of em u can never lose & 2 of em u can't take . and if i give em to u .... i can always get em back . What u mean ??? haha shits funny to me 
Everything's gona be alright <3 <3 <3 Luvn Life 
Some ppl dont care about ur problems .. an Most ppl are happy you have them . 
I am happy . That's just the saddest lie .. 
& when you feel it can't get worse .. that's when shit change . They say the game dont change .. there's just some new players in it .. An they dont wana see my team get up there wit it .. I made it too far to look back now . & I aint never gona forget what i been told .. & I aint never goin back to bein broke . 
I'll be up up and away [[ up up and away ]] cuz in the end they'll judge me anyway .. so whatever 
working ... but it's still my birthday 2morrow ! 
i have a secret .. hehe . OK i have a couple . 
Haters shake my hand . But I keep the sanitizer on deck . 
Thrw dirt on me , & grow a wild flower . But its fck the world , let's get a child out her . Yea my life a bitch , but you know nothin bout her . Been to Hell&back , I can show you vouchers . I roll in sweets , I'm smoking sour . Married to the game , but she broke her vows . That's why my bars are full of broken bottles . & my night stands are full of open bibles . I think about more than I forget . I don't go around fire expecting not to sweat . 
I know they say the first love is the sweetest , but that first cut is the deepest . 
All that bullshits for the birds . You ain't nothin but a vulture . 
My hearts big but it beats quiet . 
It would be a beautiful death .. jumpin out a window . Letting everything go . 
is cleaning 
i really love your peaches . wana shake your tree . <3 
if i'm addicted to lovin you and you're addicted to my love too then we can be them two birds of a feather that flock together .. 
everythings cool an yes i will b present at the first day of school ... and at graduation -- i'm sorry ms < PROPMALE > 
i do talk to myself all the time . but i couldn't tell you what always about ... 
i say what i feel . i feel what i say . 
But you keep treating me like a staircase . It's time to f_ckin step . & I won't be comin back so don't hold ur f_ckin breath . 
i was thinkin bout him . i was thinkin bout me . i was thinkin bout us . & what we gona be . i opened my eyes . it was only just a dream . 
\There's no such thing as an ugly friend \"- Myranda " 
keep talking . make me famous . 
moving sucks . but i like my new house ... 
what goes around comes all the way bak around 
cuz when they own the information they can bend it all they want 
if perfects what ur searchin for then just stay the same 
it's not a sheet . it's a drape . 
so im realizing that my facebook wall is basically jus another way for me and myranda to communicate with each other ... 
smells like a hater .. thers no room on this elevator 
im only one voice in a million but u ain't takin that from me .. 
all the roads thatll lead u there are winding and all the lights that light the path r blinding 
here's a shovel .. can u dig it ???! 
some people believe in god . i believe in music . some people pray . i turn up the radio . 
sometimes i wish i could act like a boy ... 
as long as i can feel u holding on .. i wont fall . 
I’m balling out on every level\ 
hear them haters talk but there’s nothing you can tell em\ 
just made a million , got another million on my schedule 
How u make an impala lift but this aint a car its ur heart an thas hard2 be fixed . 
another day . another struggle . it seems worth it tho ... 
I let u know that you're my good thing . Even if you , make a mistake an do the wrong thing . I'd forgive you ... 
grrrrrrrr 
waiting on my phone and if it doesnt come today ... ima be pissssssssssssed 
I dead em all now . I bought em caskets . They should arrest you .. or whoever dressed you . Aint gona stress you but Ima let you know . Boy you be killin em .. 
Have you ever scrubbed the toilet with someone's toothbrush ? 
applications ! then done for the day :) well .. kind of ! 
is in a good mood today :) ShOcKrR ! 
happy thanksgiving . 
had a good day ... only one thing could make it better 
Doin my thing . 
Still doin it . 
UgHhHh . Trying to be positive ! 
Feelin ' myself . Bein you pays off you should try it yourself ! 
I don't think tonite is going to be so good ... :/ hmm .. 
I HATE waiting .. :( But I guess that's the price I pay .. 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas . 
With < PROPFIRST > for the time being . 
Grrr 
gettin stuff done . trying to be positive ! :) 
bad day already 
Things r good . Life is good . I am GREAT ! at least tonight anyway LoL ! 
Cleaning the stress away ! :/ 
Worked out , got nails&toes done , studied for online quizzes , took online quizzes , and aced online quizzes ! Not too bad of a day if you ask me ! 
Paper due today ! ah ! 
Class .............................. grrrrrr ! 
Love my new telefono :) 
bout to b snuggled up with the bestest man n the whole wide world :) :) 
