areli and < PROPFEMALE > are WEENIES if you agree press like or leave a comment ...... if you dont then dont even bother so please somment or like thank u ....... <= ^P 

if anyone has animals or bannana trees that they can gift me for farmville i would really apreciate it ..... thanks 
needed/wanted bannana trees for my farmville if you could please send me some that would be greatly appreciated thank you ..... i can send anything up to the pig ...... 
lmao on the last quiz that i took ............... LMAO !!!!! 
this last one wasnt so accurate bt its halarious that areli got < PROPFEMALE > n i < PROPMALE > 
im at UC LA rite now in the student store n felt like checking my farmville ......... is that bad ????....... lmao 
and i seen < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ....... 
stinkin farmiville wont let me send gifts ..... whats up with that ???? 
school was so much fun today pretty much didnt do anything all day ... ate food in avid , ditched east , played pit and catch frase in econ and Hecka beat < PROPFEMALE > and baily in egypsian war in english ....... oh and thanks to < PROPFEMALE > hoke now thinks i have furry handcuffs in my room ..... lmao 
finally have internet again after 5 days .... bt thanks to stupid comcast all my crops withered 
finally got my blanket from beth ..... after like almost a year ..... its pretty awsome i must say 
wraping x-mas gifts ..... they are turning out great ...... 
4.0 GPA ..... HELLS YEAH !!!!!!!........ XD 
So excited its 2011 and its off to a great start but you know what that’s supposed to mean .. we are allegedly going to DIE in 1 year HAHAHA ! :D 
thought of the perfect idea !!!! XD 
i have a favor to ask to any of you guys there is a white feamle pitbull that needs a home my cousin is moving and for a while they wont be able to have her because they are living in an appartment ..... they were wondering if they could find a temporary home for her or if anyone was willing to adopt her because if shes taken to the spca she would be euthinized right away 
if you go to my pics i will post a pic of her ...... her name is < PROPFEMALE > shes about 5 6 years old shes really playful and energetic and not aggressive at all shes a victim of violence and of scared of men ...... let me kno if u cant do anything or if you have questions please ......... 
just had the greatest idea 
i need to stop getting distracted with facebook and do my econ portfolio thats due tomorrow ..... 
got tickets for the imax midnight premire of eclipse on the 30th 
so im in my kitchen right getting something to drink and dancing then i see my reflection on the window and it scares the shit out of me cuz i though there was some one watching me in the back yard .... lmao 
At tutti frutti with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > and areli ...... fun times 
Skipping class in a limo on my way to BJ's how awsome is that ! 
< PROPFEMALE > just forcefully fondeled me in the back if the limo 
I think i just tasted heaven 
Omg my mom just almost cut me with a knife and laughed about it 
How are you supposed to know what a humming bird loving you feels like ... 
Whoooooo tower of terror just kiked off the night for us 
Dirty dancing in disney .... what ? 
Aloha dance today who's going ? 
Dont you love it when you completely screw up your life for one stupid relationship that is soon over and afterwards you only have your own pathetic self 
 to live with .... lmao ;) 
So the aloha dance completely sucked 
Yay just got my diploma holder now just have to go back to get the actual thing ..... wait for everyone elses names to be called and we are done suckers !!!!! 
does anyone have a skype ? 
i got my email for the grad pictures they took and i like all of them =) i might just buy them .... 
Finally got registered for my classes 
First day at the gym how exciting 
Enjoying the pasokie goodness XD 
Have HBO now so i can watch true blood heck yeah ! :D 
After idk how long i finally saw the wolverine movie it was really good 
< PROPFEMALE > lately is my favorite show ever ! 
Tutti frutti mango sorbet and pink lemonade delicious ..... theyr no longer hiering tho :( 
How do you get a hair out of your dogs eye without hurting him ? 
I am sooooo going to hell ...... =\\ ...... lol 
Just watched the proposal and loved it .... :) 
Got into the Spanish class at with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > and Areli 
Spongejetta ghettoest effin name ive heard jet .... lmao 
going to go watch avatar the last airbender next week with the asians =) cant wait 
So we are eating and my mom was choking and we are laughing at her and she wanted to laugh but she couldnt so she goes crying to my dad so he could tell 
us to stop ...... lmao 
So I'm finally reading breaking < PROPFEMALE > and I can't believe that I'm actually getting into it 
I am not a happy camper today 
Reading is painful 
And the nosebleeds are bsck 
My attempt to make an omelet failed =( 
Areli's new nickname from the jersey shore \cheetos \"" 
Ewwwww were at a stoplight and i look to the car next to me and the guy is picking his nose then he looks at it n puts that finger in his mouth DISCUSTING ! 
Ugh people are so trashy these days 
Omg just caught a super cute baby duck at the park 
Panda likes friendship bread ..... lol 
So which class should i take fencing , hip hop , or massage therapy at state 
OMG I totally loved < PROPFEMALE > on SYTYCD ... i was so not expecting that XD 
Just saw my first meteor =) ..... anyone else watching ? 
I love epicfail.com 
So its almost 4 am and im starving so im making myself some delicious breakfast 
Just walked into my first college class how exciting ! 
Omg my english class feels just like highschool but my teacher seems super cool 
Searching from my books , NOT fun at all and super expensive ...... i guess i found a type of shopping i dont like to do . So much easier in highschool where they just give it to you , cuz you dont < PROPFEMALE > have to look for it ! 
My math teacher is so cool ! 
Great i just bit a fork ( accidentally)and my tooth craked ='( 
So im sitting waiting for < PROPFEMALE > cuz my class got canceled and i just got asked to join a freternity ..... lmao what do you guys think 
Whoooo ! printer finally working =) 
i ate 3 bowls of pasta today ... very very bad ... lol 
OMG seeing a girls face when they are about to catch a bouquet at a wedding is hilarious !!! 
3 months from today I will finally be 18 ... can't wait ! 
I dont mean to sound like a douche but why is a guy in a wheel chair looking for a bycicle ? 
I cant believe my first college test was in spanish ...... and it is freakin hot today ! 
SOOOOOOOOO BORED !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Getting ready to watch Easy A ..... so excited ! 
Easy A was AMAZING !!!! 
Omg i just fed the cutest fattest baby squirrel so adorable 
OMG IM IN THE LIBRARY AND SOMEONE JUST FARTED I WANT TO LAUGH ! 
Yesssss ! finally finished my math HW =) 
So we are watching the toy story 3 thing and the screen deflates and we have been waiting for 30 for them to replace the cord that blew up 
Epic fail epic fail sprinkles just came on !!!!!!!! 
Whooooo movies back on !...... idk why i took the time to tweet and facebook about the sprinklers instead of picking up my stuff 
Freezing my butt off !!!! 
the sky is looking beautiful tonight with the full < PROPFEMALE > and the clouds =) 
I get a smile on my face every time i see a squirrel running around ... im going to capture one and keep it as a pet ! 
Omg my dad just told me to go to the gym and become a striper ! 
What is a good magazine to buy ? 
96/100 hellz yeah I only missed 1 on my first math exam 
Praise the jesus rite aid thanks finally found the magazine i was looking for after idk how many stores i went to 
OMG i am such a f*ck tard i jus locked my keys in my car 
so i need to write an informative speech and it can be about anything ( school appropriate ) what are some good new topics/ideas ? HELP ! 
Did u guys know that it is sprinkling outside 
Yes english class cancelled ! 
Whoooooooo ! 50/50 on my first comm 3 class test hellz yeah ! ;) 
Why is it that 2+2 = 4 & 2X2 = 4 but 3+3 = 6 & 3X3 = 9 ? 
Whooooooo ! 100/100 on my spanish test and the only one of the entire class hellz yeah ! =D 
WTF i just walked by some classroom and there is a guy wearing just boxers and the entire class is gathered arround watching him 
Whoo excited for my speech next class ... lets rock this shiz ! =D 
Rocked my speech just like i planned ! 
Wow old lady throwing a trantum ..... funny as heck ...... lol 
Just ate a delicious beef burrito from chipotle 
Got $50 bed sheets from target for $12 thank you clerance and extra 10% off 
Hehehehehe ... \bake 30-40 minutes or until center does not jiggle when shaken . \ " .... lol " 
I wish i didnt have to go to class today 
Was about to ditch math class but decided on going because we have an exam next fri :( 
OMG i just caught my dog humping a stuffed animal and hes fixed ! 
I HATE HW !... i have a 6 < PROPFEMALE > essay , 40 ? ' s for math , 8 worksheets for spanish , and all due tomorrow ... well better get 2 it ... on the plus side i changed my cars oil =) 
after several intense games of tetris with kao i was horribly defeated =( ..... and now its back to HW time yay ... NOT ! 
finally finished HW ..... gotta love college ! 
I need more brain speed for all this writing I have to do ! 
working on the mid term portfolio reflection letter ..... slow progress but im getting there .... 
I am so out of shape ! 
My arms feel like freakin noodles 
Would it be a bad thing to put fabric softener on my dog so he can be sodt and smell good ? 
Ok so that retarded guy < PROPFIRST > from the bachelorette i just saw him at the fair 
I spotted Snookie 
Awww the BFF Express is closed :-( 
3 fights 2 stampeeds several girls with clothes on too tight rediculous ppl and overly priced itmes and games .... fun day at the fair with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > ran into a lot of people hello to you all 
Yay got my costco gold < PROPFEMALE > membership card 
Whooo fisrt time i ride a bike since lk 8th grade so exciting also skipping math class to go get pizza and breaking news my jeans ripped right in the crotch 
Just got out of my natural science midterm ... it would of been a lot easier if i would of actually studided my notes 
WTF someone from seattle accessed my account what kind of BS is that FACEBOOK ! 
whooooo 96/100 on my math exam .... now lets hope i did as good on my nat sci mid term ... 
Watching the 600th episode of my favorite show < PROPFEMALE > Lately ! instead of doin my hw ... lol 
Huge accident on shaw and palm lots of traffic and cops completely blocked off avoid it if u can 
So relieved i got a 81/100 on my natural science midterm i was expecting a C 
LMAO my parents think they scare me !..... hahaha 
wow this 8 < PROPFEMALE > 2,000 word term paper is A LOT harder than i thought it was going to be .... thats what i get for procrasinating oh well lets get back to it ! 
Eating one of my favorite restaurants < PROPFEMALE > Garden 
reading FML's instead of finishing my term paper thats due tomorrow ... look for a future FML posting from me .... lmao 
Hahahaha no FML for me ! i finished my term paper on time ..... procrastination success once again ! 
so i have to do a persuasive speech and idk what topic to choose ... any help other that the common ideas .... please and thank you 
Persuasive speech topic parents involvement in children's lives or bees going extinct 
Mmmmmm the Habit Burger Grill is a must ! Delicious food and totally inexpensive 
Reading is so effin boring ! 
Has it ever been this hot in november before ? 
Id whip my hair back and forth too if i stil had it 
i need help with a research project so heres a question for anyone to answer ... \ 
If you had to choose 4 zodiac signs wich ones would you pick ? 
One of the jackets i ordered came in today and i love it ! 
finishing up my presentation its due at 2 ..... lol 
Hummmmmmm what sounds good to eat 
< PROPMALE > salad with grilled teriyaki chicken mmmmmm yummy in my tummy 
ughhhhh i can already tell my schedule is going to suck next semester 
So excited got my second coat today i just have to take it to the dry cleaners cuz it smells a little funky n its wrinkled 
so my schedule MWF Nutrirition 8- 8:50 am , Econ 40 10- 10:50 , Pol . Sci . 2 1- 1:50 , then on W i have IS 52 Lab 4- 5:50 , Lec . 6- 7:50 , TTh History 11 5- 6:15 ----> insert angry face 
Just rode a long board for the first time and i didnt eat it thanks to < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > 
100 in my 3rd math exam hellz yeah ! 
Ouch just hella burnt my tounge on a hot tamale 
oh my gosh im on google i just looked up my name and im on < PROPFEMALE > two ..... lol 
Let me get them keys to the Benz 
When your a guy asking for ugg boots at a store you get weird looks 
Whooooooo ! today i started on my essay that is due tomorrow and now i just need the conclusion and im done ... the irony is that it is about social networks and how we value them too much and the reason why i decided to wait till the last minute to do it is because i was on this thing wasting my time .... LMAO =D 
Omg its so gross this one chick is eating a tomato like its an apple or sumthin 
Anyone wanna go see burlesque with me tomorrow ? 
Whooooo ! About to watch burlesque with < PROPFEMALE > and Rang 
I am SOOOOOOO buying Burlesque when it comes out in blue-ray ! Such a good movie 
Getting ready to do some black friday shopping ... Who else is going ? 
hint hint for anyone out there i want the burlesque soundtrack and cant find it anywhere ;) 
Stupid effin paper cuts ! 
Like my status and I'll write a letter to you ! Dear ____ , You have a cute___ If we were in a room together I would ____( : We should go visit____ . If you hugged me I would ____ . You are ____ I'd get your name tattooed on my____ . You have just been dared to make this your status 
Ok so we are talking about motor skills and this girl turns around and asks does that affect your driving skills ... LMAO 
OMG < PROPFEMALE > Handler on < PROPFIRST > Lenno tonight was helarious I want to see her show live so badly ! 
5 more days of clesses and then finals and i am done with my first semester of college 
did you guys know Hanukkah started today at sundown lets celebrate ! 
Whoooooooooo ! Finally found the burlesque soundtrack 
I wish high schools would have teacher evaluations then we could of really gotten rid of the ones that sucked cough cough Herrera 
Stuck in traffic on shaw !!!! WTF 
finally starting on my speech that is due on tues , im so excited for it but im having problems with wording my intro , gotta get it done so that i can start practicing it it has to be perfect , cant wait till i present it !!!!! 
Hummmmm the red < PROPFEMALE > cheescake from cheescake factory is to die for ! 
doing HW on my b-day with Areli Molina and < PROPFEMALE > Maul it sucks but thats what i get for waiting till the last minute HAHAHA 
i just want to say thank you all for your BIRTHDAY WISHES it was quite interesting having my phone go off all day alright take care ...... and now that im FINALLY legal mayb we can all go clubbin some time yeah ? :D 
Finished with my speech i think it came out great ! 
Now i just have to practice it and make the power point 
Why was < PROPFEMALE > shopping at the Kennel book store ? 
you guys need to play qwop its the hardest thing ever i got to 16.6 meters let me know how far you can get ... 
About to start my speech for comm 3 how exciting ! 
thinking i might do some x-mas shopping later on today 
Yeya got an A on my english class Whooooooo ! 
I feel like a pregnate woman im having so many cravings .... hahaha 
OMG ! there is actually a job in Chile that is being a professional prostitute tester WTF ! 
Whoooooo ! no math final for me 468/350 
Why does saturn have rings ? Because god liked it so he put a ring on it .... HAHAHA ! 
Im on my 3rd smoothie and i think im going for a 4th XD 
What is a chiweenie ? A combination of @ < PROPFEMALE > Mehling and @ < PROPFEMALE > Cineros 
Stupid little kid just hella ate it ahhhh my day is made :D 
\Soon you will be sitting on top of the world\ " Panda express fortune cookie ..... i seem to agree with it " 
just finished my comm . 3 final whoot whoot ! 
Doing some x-mas decorating and still not into the holiday spirit ... im like the grinch hahaha 
I am so hungry ALL THE TIME !!! 
Hahaha my dog likes Sour Patch Kids 
My blood type B+ ........ ahhhhh I was shooting for an A+ ... HEHEHE =P 
To anyone that wants to get me an xmas gift i would love a box of individually wrapped splenda packets 
Whoooooo ! Just took my last final and those 3 hours of studying with < PROPFEMALE > really helped 
One of the options for the test h ) unicorns are eating the squirrels at Fresno State 
First semmester of college done I just need one more A for a 4.0 
Chilling in a totally random empty class with < PROPFEMALE > until my next final starts 
So i just waited over an hour to get one packet back and my teacher was late 
Made good enchiladas with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > 
Sh*t ! the angel just felled off the top of the xmas tree and shattered :'( 
GIVE ME FOOD !!!!!! AHHHHHHHHH 
I just found out Gandhi was an indian man and all this time i thought he was a black woman ...... lmao 
HAHAHAHA areli got thrown up on by a dog HAHAHAHAHA ! 
Gosh my sister was such a HO when she was a baby 
Its an early xmas for me already opened some gifts hehehe 
< PROPFEMALE > came early already opening gifts hahaha 
Happy Gift Day everyone !!! :D 
What would happen if you googled google on google ? 
OMG this starbucks application is effin long 
Just finished watching Easy A .... love this movie ! 
Dam there is a hybrid cat that a purebred is worth 20-30 thousand 
Hide ya kids hide ya wife , but dont hide Areli cuz they dont wanna rape her 
Beth : what length < PROPFIRST > do you need Me : 30 Beth : dang your that short ! WTF ! HAHAHA 
Got my shopping on today with Beth ..... such a good time !!! :D :D :D 
Gonna make chocolate chip cookies cuz my fat ass wants some :D 
So i just tried to txt in an update and facebook returned it saying i dont understand in \\".....\" status i tried to send in \ " WTF " 
Areli : ooooo you know what i need to look for ? Me : your dignity ?..... LMAO hehehe .... this is a joke btw 
Watching cartoons at 5 am on the last day of 2010 
Used our new juicer for the first time it was very exciting ! :D 
You can always smell it on girls who sell it !..... 
I randomly bumped into < PROPFIRST > today in front of costco very exciting ! :D 
Whoooooo ! went shopping again and got a bunch of stuff with great deals ..... now i just have to go back and get that other pair of vans i wanted 
Yeah trying to juice a banana doesn't work out to well ... 
Why does hershes chocolate taste different when its in the form of a kiss 
Are there any cupcake shops in fresno ? 
What place has the BEST french fries ? 
I just realized i go back to school in one week .... i better start getting ready for a crazy semmester ! 
IM SO HAPPY !!!! XD 
See i am famous there is a movie on HBO named Sergio .... hahaha =) 
Just finished cutting my dads hair ! Hehehe came out good 
Just finished two hair dye jobs now to do my own ... 
Awkward .... 
So whats everyone doing tonight ? 
Dang its freakin cold here and its making me want to peeeeeeeeeeee ! 
Watching a tranny show at a b-day party .... now thats a first .... 
At Mimis Cafe 
Just saw the lady that sold us panda 6 or 7 years ago ....... curse that day !!!!! 
Ewwwww envelope glue tastes nasty 
I just saw < PROPFEMALE > coming out of auto zone .... and geez some ppl just dont know the difference between in and out 
Dam i just got greeb lights all the way down shaw from costco to blackstone 
Dang it i just spilt milk all over my crotch = § 
So i see the title monsters ball and click it thinking its a cute little kids movie ..... yeah they start having sex within the first 5 mins way to ruin the movie 
ok so with this new zodiac sign change i would become an OPHIUCHUS what kind of name is that i am not gonna be no OPHIUCHUS im staying a SAGITTARIUS ! 
Get your wallets out hooker on palm and shaw 
So just got to school for my first day of the 2nd semester ..... very excited ! ;) 
Hehehe i see someone getting a parking ticket .... 
Wow just walked into my first class and everyone is hecka older than me ..... hehehe 
Whooooo icky < PROPFEMALE > is in my poly sci 2 yay finally i know some one 
So it took forever just to be able to get a locker good thing i had < PROPFEMALE > with me ...... fun time 
Wtf there is a hobo digging thru trash at state 
Omgosh i cant beleive im taking a piano class 
Great i just found out im gonna need an iclicker 
Ahhhhhh im falling asleep !!!! 
Finally back from school had such a great first day back ! ;) 
Im eating icecream and hot chocolate 
So my goal for piano is to at least properly learn how to play twinkle twinkle little < PROPFEMALE > 
Awwwww im out of whiped cream :( 
OMG bacon wrapped mango wedges my fav fruit and fatty thing combined in one !?!?!?! 
At the gym with < PROPFEMALE > i prob shouldnt txt and be on the machine or imma eat it ! 
Seriously calling roll call for a class of over 128 is not cool !!!! 
OMG OMG OMG for all those that went to el cap guess who i just saw at winn co ...... mrs. Shleivert ..... WTF ! 
Wow i just wrote a 5 < PROPFEMALE > txt ... hehehe 
Making Lasagna 
i dont get why my econ homework has so many math problems that are about finding the area of stuff 
Wow that aerobics class was quite a workout ! 
Ive been so obsessed with cookies n cream ice cream with whipp cream and sprinkles 
Would anyone happen to have a piano keyboard that i could like borrow for the semester ? 
First day that im actually ready for econ and not falling asleep .... whoot whoot ! 
ate an entire quart of ice cream by my self ... at least it had 1/2 the fat of regular right ? 
Effin train !!! 
is any one else having problems loggin in to their myfresnostate account 
I just fillied in an app for johanns in my car good or bad idea ??? 
Anchorblue is going out of business what ??? 
I think foreignexchange is my new favorite store 
OMG i have to answer 89 ? ' s to apply for a job wtf 
who knew reading the chapter actually helped !... lmao 
Its hilarious watching my old professor get exhausted from erasing a white board 
Class of 128 roll call number 2 .... 
Cupcake HUNT !!!! 
Me : sorry < PROPFEMALE > we gotta leave you behind Nicole : why ? Me : it says no pets allowed ...... BURN !!!! :) 
OMG so my teacher askes who is here is into the vampire stuff like twiligt and out of the whole class ( 128+) 2 guys reaise their hands .... lol 
Dont be gettin all up on < PROPFEMALE > Kool-Aid ! 
Making Tamales ... YUM ! :) 
I made real jello shots and we just did a round gotta keep my mom away from them till shes done making the tamales then we can have them all .... lol 
Whoot whoot i won at poker suckers !!!!! 
I am so getting some piñatas for my 19th bday 
Oh snaps i just did a duet with < PROPFEMALE > playing ode to joy 
WHOOOOOO ! JUST GOT MYSELF A KEYBOARD PRACTICALLY BRAND NEW .... THANKS CRAIGS LIST .... LOL :) 
I love how my teacher is giving us the answers to the iclicker ? ' s hahaha 
Seriously if the options are A and B why would you put E ?????? people these days .... 
Listen to Gaga's new single \Born This Way\ " its really good ! " 
Doing the credit card swipe !!!..... Lol :) 
Red Robbin ..... YUM !!!! :D 
Red < PROPFEMALE > cake here i come !!!! =D 
so who is selling donkey basketball tickets and how much are they 
So i walk outside first thing i notice it smells like french fries then it starts to rain ...... lmao 
Whoooooo !!!! Burlesque comes out on March 1 guess who's gonna buy it and watch several times =} 
I can always thank the rain for washing my car for me :D 
Really bad traffic on shaw between first and fresno state great now imma be late ! WTF 
Im so irritated ive been stuck for over 20 mins and now im super late 
FML^3 !!!!! 
Great still have 40 boring as * pages to go .... 
 ? #Well i just did my BMI and body fat testing and the machine categorized me as athletic and ive been freakin out about my weight .... you know what that me 
 ? #ans ice cram and french fries time !!!! :) 
Me so hungry feed my mouth fill < PROPFEMALE > belly !!!! :-O nom nom nom 
Oh Tosh . 0 you make me laugh !!! 
Seriously am i pregnant i woke up with a headache dizzy and nauseous evil baby < PROPMALE > on its way !....... lmao 
Whooo Burlesque comes out tomorrow !!! 
How are you supposed to draw air ? 
Hecka bought Burlesque ! Whoot whoot !!! :D 
Seriously can some ppl breathe any louder lk stfu !!!! So annoying 
Omg what a relieve i passed my excel exam !!!! :D now i can finally breathe !!!! 
hey if i sent you a draw my thing invite its for reals not spam its really fun you guys should play .... lol 
Ok so i just finished my 50 ? Kin test in 16 mins ...... it feels weird 
Wow i havent had a corndog in the longest time .... 
I just realized there is another < PROPMALE > in my Kin 32 class ...... lol 
I have squirrel friends at state ? :) 
Omg this stinkin squirrel is throwing crap at me from the tree ..... psssh and after i fed it ! 
Making fun of my mom for making her beleive we could get an ocean view room at a hotel in Las Vegas ..... lmao :D 
And i think im switching my < PROPMALE > yet again ..... lol 
God dam it i sneeze like a horse 
I am most definitely a shopaholic ! :D 
Its soooooo HOT wtf !!!! 
Where do they have good drinks other than starbucks and jamba and thats near state ? 
Goimg for tea with < PROPFEMALE > asian friends ! :) 
I hate the fact that the Peters building is surrounded with those stupid vagingo smelling trees !!!! > = § 
Im in an orchestra 
...... Yeah never mind on that last one i suck !!!! 
Whooooo finally all my < PROPMALE > change paper work is complete and accepted im so excited !!!! :D 
< PROPFIRST > Beiber is so unoriginal < PROPFEMALE>'s second album was named never say never ...... go figure 
Watching the oven preheat is prob the boringest thing ever !!!.... lol 
so i got a call from the blood center saying they needed me to donate blood .... anyone wanna go with me on fri at 3:30 ?????? plz .... :) 
Ahhh someone in my class reeks of weed how disgusting ..... they need to get the hell out of here !!! 
If anyone wants to come over to watch movies they should i just like 4 from redbox :) 
Just spent the last 8+ hours of my life watching movies non stop ..... hahaha better than doing hw ??? 
The POM pomegranate juice is delicious ! :) 
I hate books with no pictures like seriously i dont have time to read all those words !!!...... lmao 
Man I LOOK GOOD today !!!! ;) 
I like to eat eat apples and bananas !!! :D 
Hey everyone IM PREGNANT ...... hehehe APRIL FOOLS ;-) 
Since Target wont hire me i just got a job as a stripper cuz they did ! :) imma make it rain !!! ;) 
HAHAHA LMAO .... i just read 0mg cholesterol as OMG cholesterol ....... i cant stop laughing :) 
I just realized i havent played snakes and ladders in years ...... this is an emergency !!! 
I think its funny how my mom asks me to go get one thing from winco and i come back with a whole trunk full ..... lol :) 
