got my new lappy ! 

11 days ! 
Fun times Alaska ! 
< PROPMALE > Cook ALASKA !!! 
“I am the punishment of God ... If you had not committed great sins , God would not have sent a punishment like me upon you . ” 
ack , ate too much M&M's . 
eating too much guacomole is bad juju . 
tired but not sleepy , and had an awesome 8am breakfast ! Thanks to the ladies at the dorms . 
up all night writing a reasearch paper and drinking beer to stay awake . If i get an A i'm going to make a practice of this . 
Now onto another paper to write . 
drinking beer and writing papers works ! 
Finnaly got a job ! 
snowing like crazy in valdez ! seriously , had to snow atleast 4 feet ., reporting 4 inches an hour . 
geting really sick of shoveling snow . 
Banks shouldnt charge overdraft fees on pending transactions !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I hate youuuuu welllsss fargoooo 
Leos < PROPFEMALE > little laptop is cute , but is hysterically funny when he justifies why he bought it . 
Had a really good time with friends last night 
I'm gonna give you stretch marks ! 
I hate < PROPMALE > appreciation and all the dorks in it ! 
ran 10 < PROPMALE > today 
Just saw < PROPMALE > Kass and Loui < PROPMALE > at the store !!!!!!! I am not worthy 
got to < PROPMALE > of the hill , but couldnt see anything because they put the comp too far from the road . This Sucks !!!! I want to watch it !!!! 
I dont think school is for me . 
another weathered day in valdez 
Starbucks Java Chip Frappucino ice cream is the best ! 
went longboarding and just rallied myself . 
Awesome day at the pass ! 
hates when online stores doesnt give you what you want and gives you something else . Really flashy silver pants is NOT black ! 
Had a good weekend with friends 
Cram sesh for Humanities , go to bed , wake up to go to work , take a final right after , finish up application for the Troopers , notorize a few papers for them , send it to them , finish english final , and the paper . finger break .... Take womens studies final , work on presentation for < PROPMALE > apreciation , and paint a picture for it . All by friday ... Teachers are evil . 
Yayy , almost done . 
D . O . N . E , thats spells < PROPFEMALE > . 
Tell her thats she's beautiful , tell her 
60 degrees is way too hot for me 
AY 
AY is going down TOONIGHT !!! 
Tired from stress 
smashing pumpkins sets my mood perfectly right now 
longboarding to work for the next two days . 3.5 < PROPMALE > , peace of cake ! 
Climbers Log #1 , Date ... June 1 , 2010 , Time .. 12:45 AM . Little signs of progression at the start of the week , Im growing hopeful at todays checkup . Mood , still tressed , impatient , and anxious . Time of reaching the summitt , still unknown . 
Climbers Log #2 , Date ... June 3 , 2010 , Time ... 1:06 PM . Signs of progression are becoming more frequent , but still far from knowing the Summitt day . Last nights spicy taco run proved to be a valuable mission in which the progression seemed to continue . Mood , still stressed , impatient , and anxious . 
Still waiting 
2nd day old and already in trouble , lol 
eventhough im tired beyond belief , when she stares into my eyes , i just want to buy her the whole world . 
First night of 7 hour sleep with the baby :D 
I miss my loves 
Fisherman arent drunk , their trying to adjust to land . 
During my 4 mile run to work , found out that I forgot my cell phone and wallet at home . 
Valdez , all I am asking is for one week with nothing but sunshine . 
so going to get some but at the hut . 
In need of family time 
Smelly guy filled up the wellness center with his stench , and I'm not exaggerating . 
In need of that Snowboard feeling 
