Going to Maine for a week , Txt , ( 860 ) 309-4934 

FML I have a hole in my cars radiator ! 
Found somethin to fix my radiator ! 
Back from a BBQ , Locked my keys in my car haha , Coathanger ftw 
Loves Lexi with all my heart <333 Forever&always baby 
Couldn't be happier right now <3 
new phone txt ( 860 ) 456 6691 
fml i'm sick of this shit 
mayhem fest was the shit 
Work till 10 tomorrow fml 
FUCK YO COUCH ! 
WWWAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHH !!!!!!!! 
Waaagh ! Nuff said 
Home , pissed , bored , random . a little high too . 
Tired ! fuck kmart dont wanna go to work wanna sleep for 2 days straight 
bored , txt ( 860 ) 459-6691 or AIM Randomknife162 
k 
Booooooooorrrrrreeeeedddddd 
So bored I shaved my head 
Finnaly got my computer running again haha 
Needs a gf XD 
SOOOOOOO HUNGRY !!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > invasion 2 ftw , just beat it XD 
sooooooooo bored need something to do txt 860 459-691 
Bullshit call but I knew it =P Mashida ftw 
BORED ! 
Wewt FINNALY 18 
Anyone wanna chill , text 459-6691 
decent b-day , kinda boring though 
BORED 
All nighter , txt 
I R BORED 
You need to slit your wrists , get pissed and go jump off a bridge =P 
So ! everyone that misses < PROPMALE > Criss needs to message me , I'm driving down to NC to get him and bring him back but i need gas money , like a lot of it . Anything is better than nothing so pitch in if you can 
Twilight : new < PROPFEMALE > , worst movie ever 
WHY AM I STILL AWAKE ?!?!?!?!? 
Fuck working 9 hrs on black friday 
gotta work 9 fucking hrs XD 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone 
Really bored , Anyone wanna chill ? 
Finnally not sick anymore ! fucking white lighter tried to kill me for the past week . 
WHY DOES NO ONE HAVE ANY COMMON SENSE PUT 2+2 TOGETHER PEOPLE ! OMFG 
So fucking pissed , I'm gonna fucking kill someone 
I AM ONE WITH THE GRASS ! 
UNICORNS ARE REAL ! they're big and grey and we call them rhinos ! 
So long story short , bullshit happened and i got delayed for shipment 
I'm now out of the navy , no car , no job , and no money for those of you that don't know yet XD 
IM SO FUCKING BORED 
Someone save me from my house XD 
Whats the point . No matter what I try it fucks me over in the end . Now I really did loose everything . So sick of this bullshit . 
Waaaagh ! yep , Waaagh 
I need to find a ride downtown , like now , someone ? please , need a ride , got gas money 
Waaagh ! yep , Waaagh . 
OMFG I'm so fucking bored I'm debating walking home . THAT'S A FAR FUCKING WALK . I need foddz and a god damn real cig . 
Ask me anything http://formspring.me/Randomknife 
HOLY SHIT I ATTACKED BENJI AND WON !! 
I BEAT THE HIGH SCORE ON SUPER MONKEY BLOONS !!! 
http://www.drekly.com/signup.php?referral=49803 Sign up for < PROPMALE>'s refferals !!!! He needs more if he's gonna win a free xbox !!!!! 
I'm so fucking bored , why does this town have absolutely nothing to do . I need to get the fuck out of this state . 
Chillen on a comfy couch , Listenin to owl city , Life is awesome . 
RANT RANT RANT RANT CHICKEN ! rawr . /win 
/bored , listening to bullets new album ( amazing btw ) , food ftw ! bbs 
K so still up and don't plan on going to bed anytime soon , this might not end very well . 
Home , For some reason depressed and can't figure out why , I think I just need a few days alone with my thoughts . 
Playin Xbox listenin to Owl city life is awesome . 
K so who would win , < PROPMALE > , Kratos , Or < PROPMALE > of Persia ? 
Just got back from an amazing fucking day , hopefully same thing tomorrow . Text . 
Fuck sleep 
I'm sooo bored ! 
Drug test for work tomorrow . fml 
I'm so insanely bored right now 
Gettin a new car later today or thursday ! 
I'm sooooo bored someone entertain me 
Can't fucking sleep just got out of work . 
Had an amazing day yesterday , All it took was one thing and it ruined my entire year .... </3 
fucking hate being sick 
For every sprinkle I find , I shall kill you ! 
Soooo bored , anyone wanna < PROPFEMALE > out ? 
gonna go drive around , Text if anyone wants to chill . 
I'm so fucking bored 
Fucking pissed , Brake line in my car is leaking so i can't go anywhere /killself 
Frying pan antidote . It saves lives . 
I'm sooooooo bored , Anyone wanna < PROPFEMALE > out ? 
So my parents just went to Florida , I love how no one tells me these things XD 
GETTING MY CAR FIXED ! So happy . 
I'm sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo fucking bored 
Someone save me from boredom ! 
This is < PROPFEMALE > we dont do the right thing wrong , We do the wrong thing until it turns out right . 
Fucking pissed off my car still isnt fucking fixed . 
Someone make me not bored . 
Omg , so fucking bored all night someone text me if they wanna chill . 
Anyone wanna chill ? 
truely truely bored\ 
dont care wtf it is i need to find something to do 
I'm so bored anyone wanna chill ? 
I'm so fucking bored someone chill wit me . 
Anything happening tonight ? 
Finnaly got my apartment lol 
Finnally got my apartment ! Lol 
Supersonicacrobaticrocketpoweredbattlecars 
To every chick thats ever said all i want is a nice guy who will treat you well , fuck you thats complete bullshit and i swwear to god if i heart tgat shit one more tinme ima flip out seruioiusly its a lie fuck yoyu 
So bored , Fuck sleeping . 
Stuff . >> 
Someone should definetly come over tomorrow when i wake up and make me a sammich XD 
Seriously i have everything already at my house i need someone to make me a sammich tomorrow 
