at least i have my self-respect . 

has now left Stepford . blue skies ahead . 
if i can fall asleep during a half-hour long MRI of my head , is it any surprise that my alarm clock never stood a < PROPMALE > ? 
i think i'll give myself a couple of extra days off for the holiday weekend ... heh . 
... sigh ....... 
my horoscope for august says : your next and last < PROPMALE > date will arrive on August 22 , when < PROPFEMALE > will send Uranus a kiss . am i the only one who giggles when i read that ? 
don'tcha love when you get your pandora station juuuust right ? 
such a lovely breeze today , don't you agree ? 
my landlady died . :-( i'm sad . i liked her . 
well , it's 1:05 pm , time to shower and start my day ! heh . 
4:20 pm . shower's done . 
so , just to clear things up , i really wasn't in the shower for three hours yesterday . a few of you expressed concern ... heh . i just thought it was funny to imply that i was . my shower turns ice cold after 12 minutes . there's no time to linger . so there ya go . 
Karjalanpiirakka . it's not just for breakfast any more . 
i love the overcast day today . it reminds me of home ... rosebud ..... 
it's so sad when i encounter a situation that begs for a sarcastic reply , but i have to hold back . it's like asking the sun not to shine . 
October is breast cancer awareness month . Buy stuff with the pink ribbon on it . Show your support ! :-) 
there's a motherf*ckin lizard in my apartment !! i actually had it trapped under a cup , on a piece of cardboard , ( except for the inch of its tail that accidentally got pinched off by the cup that then wriggled around for a full 15 minutes .... ewwww .... ) but when i lifted it up , the cardboard flexed and the lizard got out and now it's somewhere in my kitchen . who's gonna come and find it ??? :-( 
i have a new garage door . :-) it makes me happy . 
i was so lucky to get to see the swell season at the wiltern tonight ! thanks to an old , young friend . ;-) the show was amazing . i so needed that . 
Okay ladies , I'm only going to say this once : DO NOT WAIT UNTIL YOU ARE 50 YEARS OLD TO GET A MAMMOGRAM ! The new recommendations for mammograms and breast self-exams are complete bullshit . 
when did we start perforating pita ? 
i just bought some band-aids with braille on the box . it's a packaging-stravaganza this week ! 
love this . http://design-milk.com/anti-theft-lunch-bags/ 
it was like an etsy orgasm . so many etsy artists whose work i've been wanting to buy were there , and i got to buy things from them in person . if you're in l.a. , go to this on sunday . there's a d.j. , and free swag . and everything is made locally . very cool show . http://www.uniquelosangeles.com/ 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ! I hope you all enjoy your time with your families and friends ! 
it's official : my entire family hates my new haircut . ha ! 
be it ever so humble .... 
today i ceremoniously threw something that reminded me of my ex into the dumpster at my apt . building . but when i came home just now , my neighbor across from me had fished it out and is using it outside his back door . now i get to see it every single day . super . 
just saw this new law for california in 2010 ... are there bikes that are meant to have no seat ? : Bicycles ( SB 527 , Kehoe ) This new law allows a person to ride a bicycle without a seat if the bicycle was designed by the manufacturer to be ridden without a seat . 
in case you were wondering where all the conversion vans went , they are all here in soCal . http://californiavans.arloartists.com/portfolios/22211-view-images 
today marks 5 years in l.a. for me . :-) 
ya gotta admit , using your iPhone as the remote to play music from your computer through your stereo is pretty frickin ' cool . technology is good . 
BONOBO at the el < PROPMALE > on april 22 . sweet . 
fuck . i did laundry on monday at the laundromat . TODAY when i was finally folding everything , i discovered that i'd left a whole load at the laundromat . a whole load !! and not just any load . the one with all my favorite stuff from anthropologie , etc . most of which was new and only worn a couple times . i went back in case the guy there saved it , but everything was gone . :-( 
whyagottafuckwithmelikethat ? 
i wish all my freckles would just merge together so i could look tan . 
what i consider to be one of the biggest crimes against architecture is when someone encloses the amazing , deep porch of a true bungalow . it's happening down the street from me . it looks horrible . wtf . 
tried acupuncture for the first time today . interesting . great place in burbank- RA Organic Spa . and who knew burbank had a nifty little downtown area ? very cool . 
facts from today : 1 . it's weird to hear my neighbor talk baby talk to his giant pitbull . 2 . i asked if i could have my slurpee for free today onaccounta ( alfalfa reference ) it's my birthday , and he said okay . 3 . i really enjoy hugging . 
my bathroom is clean . it's a christmas miracle . 
again i don't feel the earthquake !! wtf ? 
suddenly today the digital date in my car says \FEB 8\ " . hmm .... is it a premonition ? does < PROPFEMALE > know something that i don't know ? " 
i felt THAT one !!! :-( 
After eight days of eating fast food for every meal but a couple , ( not my choice ) , with temps in the mid-nineties , and high humidity , my body looks and feels like it was hit by a truck . I just want to cleanse everything and have a damn salad . Two more days ... 
weak . sauce . 
\It's got to be a train wreck down there ! An absolute casserole of nonsense ! \ " -stewie " 
i made a little movie from my MRI images . don't watch it if you get grossed out easily . http://janechika.com/bigideas 
if you need me , i'll be in my cave , as usual . 
i hate when i think there's a spider on my back , but it's just a hair falling out of my head . huh . next post : i hate when hair falls out of my head . 
i want to drive my car over the person who first started those internet pop-up ads that make the < PROPFEMALE > go dark and you can't click on anything until you click on the ad . that's just going too far . we see your ads at the top , sides , and bottom of every web < PROPFEMALE > we go to . do you really need to shove your ads in our faces now ? you irritate me so much , i'm gonna remember to NOT buy your crap ! 
today is 9.02.10 . they even have banners in < PROPFEMALE > hills calling today \90210 day \"." 
there is a skinny black dude wearing a superman costume across the street from me , trying to sell stuff along the fence of the school . only in l.a. 
111 degrees at noon in l.a. today . i think my apt . is about 450 degrees . very unpleasant . 
October is Breast Cancer Awareness month . Buy pink stuff and show your support ! 
today's slurpee is particularly good . 
i think i'm pms-ing . i need someone to punch . 
i found it somehow disturbing that the dude at firestone kept referring to transmission fluid as \tranny fluid \"." 
“Failure is the opportunity to begin again , more intelligently . ” - < PROPFIRST > Ford 
sexy . \ 
http://www.carguygarage.com/rsquowidepolish.html 
RADIOHEAD : CLIMBING UP THE WALLS\ 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qbtZyuOMdHI 
i am loving the < PROPFEMALE > fall day today ! reminds me of home ... 
i think next halloween i'll wait with a dozen eggs and when the kids throw them at my windows again , i'll just < PROPMALE > the whole dozen at them . turnabout is fair play , right ? 
the realization that you , and only you can make your life what you want it to be should be a positive thing , right ? then how come i feel like , \SHIT ! Who put < PROPFEMALE > in charge ?? \ " haha ! " 
i voted . 
i'm so glad autumn weather has returned . nice cool breezes flowing through my kitchen window ... 
you know i like you if i clean my bathroom for you . 
i didn't read the book or see the movie , but i like what she has to say about creativity here . \ 
http://diymusician.cdbaby.com/2010/11/how-to-keep-creativity-from-driving-you-mad/ 
i'm either feeling pretty happy lately , or i'm finally insane . 
i think i need to do a photo series of my hair when i get out of bed in the morning . sometimes it's downright sculptural . 
Happy Thanksgiving ! gobble gobble ! 
so , i was on the phone with my mom and i asked her about an idea i had for my dad's xmas gift , then she tells me i'm on speaker phone and my dad's right there . :-| the good news is , my dad said he'd like that gift . ha ! 
i think i woke up in the 1980s today . i just bought something and needed nine dollars change , and i got a five , and two 2-dollar bills . then i saw two people talking on two different pay phones outside . 
so , i gave two dollars to a woman who said she lives in a shelter for battered women and she swears she's off the drugs . she told me about her grandkids , then thanked me and said , \You have pretty teeth . \ " ha ! " 
from The Grove in my news feed : \Snowflakes float from above every night at 7pm and 8pm at The Grove ! Come visit our Winter Wonderland . \ " \ 
went to a < PROPFEMALE > buffet tonight . that's another one of those places that seems like a good idea until you're on your third plate . then you never want to go there ever again . but you will . you always go back . 
hmm ... not sure how i feel about the new fb < PROPFEMALE > . 
three times in the last month i have found myself in a parking structure with no clue where i parked my car . so i just walked around pressing my remote to make < PROPFEMALE > chirp , and every time , i was one floor below her , and i heard her chirping through the concrete . that's love . 
I tried to eat while laying down , and spilled eggplant Parmesan on my armpit . Ha ! I was wearing a tank top . 
Cost of the food I puked up today : $10 . Cost of the seven meds I just puked up : $5 . Having nobody to help me out when I'm sick : shitty . 
sure is raining a lot . 
so yeah , < PROPFEMALE > Christmas and all that . i hope you enjoy your time with your friends and families ! 
eww , the gardeners are covering the entire lawn outside my apt . with manure . they picked a nice hot , < PROPFEMALE > day to do it , too . i can smell it in my apt . YUCK !! 
HAPPY NEW YEAR !! make 2011 great !! 
Fucking neck . I'm puking again . Dizzy and nauseous . :-( I can't even get a slurpee . 
Vomit trivia : if you drink ice water and then puke ten seconds later , it's still ice cold . If it wasn't so gross it might almost be refreshing . 
my grandfather clock had stopped a few days ago and i haven't wound it until just now . it's always such a drag to run it through all the < PROPFIRST > to reset it . but the cable box said it was 4:50 and when i looked at the clock , it had stopped at 4:50 . we're so in synch . like soulmates . me and clocky . 
80 degrees in l.a. today . 
well , so long michigan , my old friend . my parents have arrived at their new home in tennessee today and i doubt i'll be going to michigan any more . i'm kinda sad , but excited for my parents ' new adventure . :-) 
okay , so i'm loving Supermarket so far . two sales in the first 24 hours , a trade for some cool photos , and a press request ! woo hoo ! 
< PROPFEMALE > passed her smog test today with flying colors . I'm so proud of her . 
i went to the dentist yesterday . i love that the view from the chair is the hollywood hills and the hollywood sign , from the 6th floor , no taller buildings in between . which also reminds me of the physical therapy i used to go to in < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , where i looked out at the ocean from the bike . what's not to love about soCal ? 
< PROPFEMALE > Velvetshock 
time for a new desk chair . this ikea contraption is a giant piece of shit . 
my coke slurpee has distinct banana undertones today . i am not happy about that . 
Happiness is ... getting a Captcha with no < PROPFIRST > in it . 
looks like two and a half men is down half a man . 
i have yet to find a Paczki in l.a. :-/ 
it sucks to be an introverted extrovert . i'm always just sitting here alone , talking to myself . 
today marks six years in l.a. for me . :-D 
dang , i didn't know pee-wee < PROPMALE > was at the grove today . but i did see < PROPFEMALE > vardalos and < PROPMALE > gomez at rite-aid this evening . :-) 
if you can't maneuver your car close enough to the ticket thingy at the entrance to a parking structure to get the ticket without having to put your car in park , open the door , get out , and still take a bajillion minutes to get back into your car and go through , then you shouldn't be allowed to drive at all . or at least not around me . 
i think i'm gonna get some of those \HELLO my name is\ " stickers and a sharpie and write \ " Shitty Parker\ " on them and stick them on the windows of cars that are parked too far over and render a perfectly good empty space unparkable . " 
Just saw howie mandel at the grove . 
Just paid $64.10 to fill my gas tank . $4.17 a gallon in L.A. Jeezus . 
< PROPFEMALE>'s alzheimer's is getting worse . she already has the date all wrong , and now she's got the time mixed up too . at 12:30 pm today , she said it was 2:30 am . poor < PROPFEMALE > ... (<PROPFEMALE>'s my car , if you don't know that already ... ) 
ahhh ... such a nice blustery , cool day today ... i love to hear the rustling of trash down the sidewalks ... 
taxes are done . jeeeezus , what a pain in the ass . 
please , a moment of silence for All My Children . i've been watching that show since i was a kid . they just announced it's been cancelled . last show is in september . :-( 
$65.76 to fill my gas tank . $4.37 /gallon in L.A. that's just insane . 
the universe is just fuckin with me now ... 
i passed an ice cream truck today that was playing \rudolph the red nosed reindeer \"." 
i am in love with my new desk chair . 
so , i figured out why the 47 year old guy i've been seeing looks older than 47 . it's because he's 54 . wtf is wrong with people . 
banging my head against a wall is getting really old about now . 
today was a much better day at Unique LA ... i met someone who had blogged about the merit badges , someone who had purchased some online and had emailed with me about design , someone who is going to blog about the badges , saw some old friends , old boyfriends , and met a lot of other artists and designers . oh , and i sold a lot more badges today . :-) 
ever since i updated my iPhone last week , the facebook app won't open . i've even removed it and added it again . sheesh . how'm i gonna post all my pictorial nonsense ? 
if the bass on someone's car stereo rattles my dishes in my cupboards when it's still a block away , imagine what that dude's eardrums must be like . melted . or exploded . 
sometimes I accidentally hit the caps loCK -IS THAT OK ?? 
why they gotta charge $58 for an expired meter ? :-( 
i need a neck rub . 
i hate when i duplicate layer when i meant to merge visible , don't you ? 
welp , it was nice knowin ' ya , living room . there was a spider on me and i flicked it off , but lost it on the dark rug . now i can never go in there again . 
fortyfuckinfive . blech . 
Thank you for all the birthday wishes ! :-) I actually left my apartment for several hours today ! So THAT'S what outside is like ! I better get a helmet . 
watching one flew over the cuckoo's nest . haven't seen it in years . 
i've been busting my butt designing some packaging for coffee , < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPFEMALE > oil , for a crowdsourcing contest , and just found out my design was chosen for first prize . cha-ching !! :-) 
Happiness is ... a Family Guy that's all < PROPFIRST > and Stewie . 
here's a story problem : so , if i have a 6am flight on tuesday , but the shuttle is picking me up at 3:30 am , and i'm going from west coast time to east coast time , should i go to bed earlier or later than normal tonight ? also take into account i probably won't go to bed monday night , so i'll be sleeping during the day on tuesday . what was the name of the bus driver ? 
excitement here in the woods ... thunderstorm knocked some trees across the road last night . but damn , it's humid here . it's so good to see my parents , though . i lucked out in the parent dept . :-) 
The mere mention of 7-eleven has me salivating pavlovian style for a slurpee . 
Walked in the woods this morning . It was nice to hear the gravel path crunching under our feet . When there was a clearing we could see the Smoky Mountains in the distance . So pretty ! 
went to walmart at 11pm to see the people in slippers and such . no slippers , but a lot of fluorescent attire going on , one anorexic , and a spray tan that was waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay too dark . i didn't have the heart to take pics of anyone , because they prolly thought they looked good . i'm nice like that . ;-) 
Ugh . Delayed flight here in knoxville is gonna make me miss my connecting flight tonight so I'll be stuck in dallas/fort worth until tomorrow . grrr . 
hello < PROPFEMALE > , i missed your peppiness and smooth handling . hello apple keyboard , i missed your slender quietness . hello gigantic monitor with the resolution set to a normal size , you are music to my eyes . hello soCal air , i missed your lack of humidity . hello , weirdness everywhere i look , i missed your ability to inspire me to think and smile and create . 17 days away is a long time . it's good to be back . 
no matter how many other things i eat today , i still keep burping arugula from earlier today . it just ruined a perfectly delicious bowl of < PROPFEMALE > bunches of oats . 
I would like my Facebook friends to comment on this status , sharing how you met me . But I want you to LIE . That's right , just make it up . After you comment , copy this to your status , so I can do the same . 
whyseverybodygottabesofuckedup ?? 
what good is duct tape that can't hold the duct onto my air conditioner ? jeez . 
i need a plan C . 
i was checking out the Tesla that had stopped in front of the 7-Eleven as i walked past , and saw the dude in it was taking a picture of the billboard at the 7-Eleven with this iPhone . it was < PROPMALE > Schneider . his picture was on the billboard . ha ! i'm not a fan of his at all , but it's still cool to see a celeb in my ' hood . 
hey , help a girl out : post a link or two to a cool , design-y store in your town that would be a great place to < PROPFEMALE > the Merit Badges ( on my site , disorderlygoods.com if you've been under a rock ) . thanksinadvance . :) 
got my first store placement for the merit badges today !! woo hoo !! Brooklyn , NY ! :-) 
In the disquiet of these days\ 
I < PROPFEMALE > you with me\ 
\ 
Deep within my pocket\ 
At the bottom of my footfall\ 
In every cloud that brushes by\ 
- < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , poet and ceramicist\ 
Ten years later , we remember . 
warning : this facebook < PROPFEMALE > may be offensive to children , the humorless , or those with a weak stomach . -the mgmt . 
happy first day of autumn . :-) 
number of times i've laughed at anything < PROPFEMALE > griffin said : 0 
thing i never learn , #762 : make sure there are no kleenexes in the pocket of anything in the dark load . 
