My awesome husband got me a snuggy for Christmas and I LOVE it so much ! Trying to figure out if it is fits the dress code for work on Monday :) 

Our 5th grader has revealed he has a project due to create a diorama depicting a day in the life of Pacific Northwest Indians . He's supposed to build a canoe , harpoons , and find twigs and logs outside to \set the scene\ " . We may need a little help ... " 
is crackin out on the crackberry . I can't stop . You'll have to wrench it out of my cold dead hand . Leave me alone . I can quit anytime I want . 
I'm at day 2 of the Midwest Regional Bankruptcy Seminar ... I've learned so much ! The more I learn the more I realize how little I truly know . 
Cancelled sending < PROPMALE > to the big dog park in the sky today . He chased a cat the day before yesterday ! He ran at the park Sunday ! I don't believe it's his time to go yet . We'll let God decide when & make B as comfy as possible til then . 
went back to work today after 7 days off ... going thru daytime tv withdrawal ... what's up with Dr. Oz and his obsession with poo ? 
vows to sleep in until at least 8am tomorrow ! 
by popular demand , here are a few pictures of our girl < PROPFEMALE > . She is too smart for her own good and very , very spoiled ! 
Just finished cooking dinner for my DOG . Nope , I didn't cook for the kids or husband . They had leftovers . The dog had hamburgers but no buns . :) 
Blackberry phones don't take good action shot pictures . Gotta stand real still or take a video ! Maybe it's time to get a real digital camera . 
I'm so behind ... I haven't even put up our Christmas Tree yet ! Such a bad mommy :( 
I thought I was done shopping but I am good at buying things my kids already own ! Looks like I may be braving the mall AGAIN today . Pray for me ... 
I have spent the entire day in my pink flannel pajamas ... feeling very lazy today ! 
How is it that girl scout cookies are so small yet so packed with calories ? And , how is it that they are so delicious that I want to eat the entire box ??? 
Got my copy of New < PROPFEMALE > today ... Team < PROPMALE > ! 
Anyone else have the Sunday night blues ? 
Last night , I dreamed I was a bus driver and my bus broke down before I could finish my route . I was extremely worried about finishing . In the dream , I called my bus driver boss and tried to get a new bus so I could get everyone picked up and dropped off . What does this MEAN ??? 
would like to thank the young man in my class this evening who brought cupcakes to the final exam . You know who you are ! 
? Before you were conceived , I wanted you . Before you were born , I loved you . Before you were an hour old , I would die for you . This is the \miracle of life . \ " Put this on your status if you have children that you love more than life itself . ? " 
I really enjoyed helping out with children's church this morning . I love the little ones ! I even enjoyed comforting the little guy crying for his mom . I wanted to take a couple of them home with me ... <3 
Sixteen Candles the movie .... watching now .... how come I know all the lines ??? I blame my sister ! 
convinced the man upstairs has a sense of humor when you've got gray hair and acne at the same time ! 
just left walmart , spent $132 . I only needed garbage bags and dog food ! 
Dear God , is this REALLY what you want me to do with my life ? Send me a sign . Or an RV . It's your call . 
is at Little League Opening Day wrapped up in my Snuggie . People are making offers on it :) 
Rollerskating at 34 is not the same as it was at age 14 ! I'm not that awesome creature on wheels I once was . What gives ? 
Why is ice cream unacceptable as a breakfast food ? It's just frozen milk ! 
Stuck at CVG airport - 3 hour delay on flight to Minneapolis . How long can this go on ?!?! 
How far over the speed limit can I go w/out getting a ticket ? Been in the car all day ! 
Thanks everyone for all the wonderful birthday wishes !!! Love you all so much !!! 
Come out and celebrate my birthday with me tonight at Pirate's Cove on Kellogg Ave around 9pm ! 
Only 20 days til school starts back ... can't believe we have an 11th and 6th grader this year ! The time has just flown by ... 
Can't stop thinking about it . I'm addicted . < PROPFEMALE > limeade sherbet from UDF . There . I said it . 
I'm so glad to be getting my haircut today . It's the little things that make me happy . :) 
is getting ready to spend some quality time with the couch ... and the family too ! Lol . Happy Labor Day friends and family ! 
My guys all went to the football game . It's Friday night and I have the house ( and the remote ! ) to myself . But all I want to do is chill with the dogs and watch TV in bed . I think I'm getting OLD or I'm just really boring !!! 
I don't want to go to sleep because when I wake up it'll be time to go back to work ! Blah ! 
How come every time I vow to re-commit to my diet , all I can think about is CHOCOLATE ??? Chocolate cake , chocolate donuts , chocolate < PROPFEMALE > bars , chocolate frosting right out of the can ... please pray for me ! 
So busy at work today I couldn't even go get some peanut M&M's that I kept fantasizing about . I'm just too easy to satisfy . I'll work for peanut M&M's LoL :) 
If everyone would concentrate on driving in their own < PROPFIRST > in life , the ride would be so much more enjoyable ! Can we stop trying to drive our neighbor or coworker's car before we wreck our own ? 
is loving the Glee < PROPFEMALE > Spears episode ! 
Why does no good deed go unpunished ??? 
Never trust a big butt and a smile ... truer words were never spoken ! Thanks BBD ! 
Frischs Hot Fudge Cake : I've been waiting all day for you ! So glad we finally got together ... LoL 
I love it when I find neat stuff under the couch cushions ! Socks , change , pens , legos , dog toys ... it is like an alternate universe under there ! 
wish it could stay Sunday afternoon for another week ! I'm luxuriating in laziness right now LOL ! 
< PROPMALE > Horror Glee rocked ... and Raising Hope is really funny too ! 
what's the preferred professional protocol when someone takes credit for your stuff ? trying real hard to turn the other cheek but that cheek is mad too . 
Thought for today : \A true friend is always loyal . \ " Thank you to my loyal friends ( and family ) I love you all ! " 
Ladies , if you have a wonderful man , who helps balance your whole world , who isn't perfect , \ 
but is perfect for you , who works hard and would do anything for you \ 
and his family , who makes you laugh , who drives you crazy , who is your \ 
best friend , who you want to grow old with , and who you are thankful for\ 
every day then post this as your status ! I love you , < PROPMALE > ! 
I thought medium buffalo wings weren't supposed to be so hot ! My lips are burnt up ! thanks BW's! 
What is with adults trick-or-treating ? A young lady who was at least 20 years old came trick-or-treating this evening ! Her child had a bag , so I treated her , and then the young lady said , \one for me too\ " and held up her bag ! " 
Waiting room . Pediatrician's office . Sick kid . Monday , just go away ! 
Well , the Monday fun never ends . I managed to lock myself out of the master bedroom somehow ! How the heck am I getting back in there ? Do we really even need back in there ? This day has been a killer !!! 
My prayer for today is that we accept responsibility for problems of our own making and the responsibility for finding a resolution for those problems . No more whining ! I am taking my own advice on this , too ! 
Where I live , each household pays for garbage removal . My neighbor has been putting their garbage in with ours regularly . She even put a used toilet in with our garbage ! This morning , she left us this bag . I searched thru it to find something with her name on it , and then delivered it back to her driveway . Was that wrong of me ? 
no < PROPFEMALE > we live in a township so we have to pay for our own garbage service . 
I am overjoyed that I regain my daylight savings hour this weekend ! What will I do with all this extra time ??? 
God must have a sense of humor , otherwise my dog couldn't have such an innocent look on his face when he passes gas ! 
Just made chocolate chip cookies and TNT is playing Kill < PROPMALE > 1 & 2 back to back . I think I figured out how I'm spending my extra hour and then some :) 
Hate it when I forget to turn on the dryer . Thought I was almost done with the laundry !!! 
How come the Steelers fan buses needed police escorts to get to the stadium tonight ? Sounds like someone's scared ! 
Less than a minute ... 
For a minute there , I thought we had a < PROPMALE > :( 
OMG the Grippos factory almost burnt down ?!?! Say it ain't so ! 
Blinded by the light ... revved up like a deuce ... another runner in the night ... ( song , please stop playing in my head ) 
Guess what ? Today was trash day and only our trash was at the end of our driveway ! 
Please block me from your newsfeed if I’ve offended you somehow . Judgmental comments are unnecessary . It’s really not that serious . Facebook = fun ! Love ya ! 
I'm always surprised when I go to the store for 1 or 2 things and end up spending over $100 ! 
The reason a dog has so many friends is that he wags his tail instead of his tongue . ~ Author Unknown 
Today is my son < PROPFIRST>'s 12th birthday so we took him and his friends to the movies to watch Megamind ! We had a great time ! Happy birthday < PROPFIRST > ! 
Monday night football ... blame it on the rain ( Redskins) ! 
Wow I can't understand why a man would cheat on < PROPFEMALE > Longoria ! That's sad . 
Hot Fudge Cake - you complete me LOL :) 
Celebrating 2 yrs at my job today ! Yay ! 
It's Waffle House time ! 
tosh . 0 cracks me up :) 
feels blessed that I am on vacation this week ! 
Office Space is such a brilliant movie . Why wasn't it ever recognized with any awards ? The soundtrack was especially well-produced , too ! 
\That's not my department\ " ... response from a customer service rep just now when I asked that something be faxed to me ! " 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone !!! Time to get your grub on !!! 
OMG I thought politics and religion were off limits as topics for discussion ! 
Turkey , stuffing , gravy , ham , sweet potatoes , dinner roll , salad , < PROPMALE > n cheese , baked beans , sweet potato pie , and cake ... was that everything ? I MAY have overate just a teensy bit . I am thankful to be home so I can lay down now ! Lol ... 
Beyonce ... the special was awesome ... \If you liked it then you should have put a ring on it .... Don’t be mad once you see that he \ 
I meant to sleep in today !!! 
wish I was motivated to get my Christmas tree out ... 
I can't believe tomorrow is December 1st ! 2010 is almost over ! 
< PROPMALE > Ferguson is bringing the LOL's tonight ! 
I need some chocolate right now ! 
is looking forward to 2 days off and a few sips from my new bottle of Cuervo ! 
had a great time chaperoning Withrow students field trip to the Freedom Center this morning ! 
So I was driving down the street earlier when some adolescents launched a barrage of snowballs at my windshield ! Don't worry , it wasn't just me ... they hit everyone going by ! 
Cincinnati PD is on the First 48 right now ! 
Never make someone a priority if they only make you an option . 
flat tire ... waiting for AAA !!! 
Alright , which one of you put the hole in my tire ? C'mon , fess up ! Whatever it is , we can work through this ... after you buy me a new one ! 
is unrealistically hoping some elves will take pity upon my family and come put up our Christmas tree . Would it be so wrong to decorate a lampshade with some ornaments ? 
\I was born a God\ 
Driving the < PROPFIRST > today and trying not to hit anything ! Just kidding < PROPFEMALE > ! Lol 
Is it just me , or are people acting strangely today ? Is it a full < PROPFEMALE > tonight or what ? 
TGIF ! Amen ! 
I love my students but I can't wait til this quarter is over ! 
While watching the < PROPFEMALE > Clause on TV just now , during the scene where the elves busted < PROPFEMALE > outta jail , I was thinking , is escape a misdemeanor or felony ? Felony , right ? Twisted lawyer thoughts . Can't even enjoy a nice Christmas movie . 
Two hour delay for my kids ! How come schools give delays but workplaces don't ? It's the same roads ! 
Funniest thing I've read all day :\ 
TIPS ON DEALING WITH CRAZY PEOPLE\ 
1 . If you don’t have to deal with a crazy person , don’t . \ 
2 . You can’t outsmart crazy . You also can’t fix crazy . ( You could outcrazy it , but that makes you crazy too . ) \ 
3 . When you get in a contest of wills with a crazy person , you’ve already lost . \ 
4 . The crazy person doesn’t have as much to lose as you . 
I am such a < PROPFEMALE > fan ... loving this episode of Glee ! 
< PROPFEMALE > , for Christmas I would like 4 new car tires . I have been pretty good this year . I try not to cuss , I barely drink , and I tolerate crazies all day without snapping . If you want , you can throw in a set of rims too , the big ones with spinny middles . You could just bring a new car . Maybe a Mustang or perhaps a < PROPFEMALE > ? I’ll be happy with any of these , you know how easy I am to satisfy ! 
My dream home has a multi-car garage and is accessorized with multi-car garage door openers . 
This ain't so bad . Remember , things can always get worse . 
is at the AHS Holiday Concert ! 
< PROPFEMALE > , I need help repairing the damage I did to my bank account this weekend ! Lol ! 
I'm so thankful to have the next four days off to spend with my family . 
Next year , I am thinking of taking a cruise for Christmas ... if you get a gift from me it will come by mail ! 
the gifts are all wrapped ... time for night-night ! 
Wish I could call for housekeeping like at a hotel ! 
Am I the only one subjecting their family to The Sound of Music this evening ? 
I want to express my gratitude to my dogs for waking me up at 4am this morning by noisily licking the wax out of each others ' ears and fighting about it afterwards . I'm hoping they've settled their differences so I can sleep tonight ! 
Sharing the Chappelle's Show marathon with my 12-year-old ... priceless :) 
Is it just me , or does it seem like the slushie/icee/slurpie machine is always down right when you NEED one ? So frustrating . 
Sitting in the doctors office waiting room , waiting to be called back to a room so I can wait some more . 
Overjoyed that tomorrow is finally Friday . If only tomorrow was Saturday ! This week has felt like a month ! 
figured out there's minimal waiting at the dr. s office on Saturday mornings . Why is it so much quicker today ??? 
wondering when the maid is coming to my house ... the dishes and laundry are waiting for her ... 
Reality check : I knew it was time to start cleaning today when my dog walked in the room with a spatula between his teeth . He looked at me like I was crazy when I took it away from him ! 
Reality . It is what it is . 
Things are gonna be different this year people . 
Alright stop what you're doing cause I'm about to ruin the image and the style that you're used to ... 
wondering why so many of my students were absent tonight ... I thought Monday night classes were the worst , not Thursday ! 
I love my new < PROPMALE > Achievement class ! First graders are so sweet ! 
deserves some pampering ! 
is watching the Goonies and laughing at the funny parts . 
Sometimes I get to thinking we need to have a couple more kids to make sure there's someone to take care of us when we get old . We already have a mini-van anyway . But then , I remember how much I dislike pain , diapers , poo and how much I like sleep and my rock-star lifestyle . 
The sky is falling ! The sky is falling ! No it's not . Something just hit YOU on the head . The rest of us are fine . 
had fun dusting for latent fingerprints with my students tonight ! 
Even tho I love Love LOVE sports cars , our Honda Odyssey was like a tank in the snow tonight , didn't slide an inch . Course , skills play a part as well ... get some momentum and don't brake ! 
Strongly disliked Police Women of Cincinnati . 
Very educated but still searching for the answers . #Yep that's me . 
on my way to pick up wings from B-dubs ;) 
Crazy train ? This is my stop ... let me off ! 
just did some damage to a fudge brownie with Graeter's cookie dough ice cream on top ;) 
I love watching House . I learn so much . 
Tosh . 0 OMG lol I can't breathe 
Oz used to be my fav show . It's weird seeing < PROPFIRST > O'Reily in Allstate commercials now . 
Be kinder than necessary because everyone you meet is fighting some sort of battle . 
feels like I didn't accomplish a thing today ! 
rain rain go away ... ( that's what all my haters say ) 
Teachers who belittle their students shouldn't teach . You're not here to inflate your ego . You are here to educate the next generation . What are YOU showing them ? 
I will always place the mission first . I will never accept defeat . I will never quit . I will never leave a fallen comrade . 
I speak the truth but I guess that's a foreign language to y'all ;) 
\How much can you know about yourself if you've never been in a fight ? \"" 
Awww no they didn't just do the runnin man LOL 
Is it over yet ??? 
Check , please ! 
I need a vacation from everything ! Calgon , take me away !!! 
There is a boy at basketball practice tonight named \Alfalfa\ " ... none named \ " Spanky\ " or \ " Darla\ " though :) " 
Does anyone else think Lady Gaga's \Born This Way\ " sounds like < PROPFEMALE>'s \ " Express Yourself \"?" 
are those breast implants on Gaga's shoulders ? 
When did < PROPMALE > Kravitz decide to shave his head ? 
almost Bieber time people !!! Lol 
Bieber ninja drummers ! 
Just noticed Gaga has implants on her face too ! 
Geez we couldn't hear the song ... they censored half of it ! 
C'mon Gaga ! 
Recount ! 
feeling grateful and blessed ... the car is totaled ... my husband has a neck fracture ... but a centimeter's difference and things could have been much worse ... hug and kiss your loved ones ! 
is at the MRI center watching some crazy kids on Oprah ! 
is enjoying this All-Star Saturday night at home :) 
McGee's double dunk has my vote so far ... 
wondering what meds < PROPFIRST > Barkley takes and/or forgot to take today lol 
thinks we have gremlins in our house . Things that worked fine yesterday don't work at all today . Also , our front yard got forked last night ! Very strange ! 
What a child doesn't receive he can seldom later give . ~ P.D. < PROPFIRST > 
I need a new car ... here's what I'm thinking ... sports car ... stick shift ... fast fast fast ... eagle on the hood ... flames AND racing stripes on the sides ... big tires with spinny things in the middles ... all leather interior ... nitrous injection ... chrome exhaust pipes ... nice sound system ... LOW payments a must ! 
is watchin the Mecum Auto Auction on TV . 1965 Mustang just sold for $165k . Wonder what the monthly payment would be for that ? 
Steel cage match ! So exciting ! 
Flip flops already ? 
Scarface is on AMC right now ... I always root for < PROPFIRST > even tho I know what happens at the end ! 
Ok winter , this was just unnecessary ! It's so over ! 
It's embarrassing to admit this . I'm 35 years old and I've done a lot of things in life . But , I've never been to Florida . There it is people . Take your best shot . 
\I'm beautiful in my way 
Today's weather was beautiful . I'm going to rearrange my life so I can do what I do from a tropical location and live this way everyday . 
\Blue < PROPFEMALE > Fat-Free Brownie Sundae Ice Cream\ " does not deserve to use \ " ice cream\ " in its name . They should be replaced with these two words : sand paper :( " 
First Xavier ... now UC ? UK is the only hope for my brackets now ! 
And I'm back in it .... OSU I knew you wouldn't let me down ! 
Truly appreciate the company of my dogs after days like today ;) 
I'm believing Portsmouth HS will have a big win in < PROPMALE > today !!! 
Guess I'll be back at work Monday ... winning Mega Millions didn't work out the way I planned :( 
First I lost Mega Millions and now OSU shattered my bracket ? I'm going to bed ! 
It's my Saturday and I think I will spend it by myself . On my schedule : retail therapy and ice cream . 
No . More . Snow . 
is googling directions to Easy Street . I must have made a wrong turn somewhere ! 
Isn't a wife of < PROPMALE > character her husband's crown ? \52-year-old woman accused of trying to kill her newlywed husband with a knife as he slept because of his remark about her kitchen being dirty . \ " This incident may tarnish the crown ... " 
“If you don’t have an I-Phone , you don’t have an I-Pod in your phone ... ” Does anyone else feel like Apple is trying to pick a fight with you or your phone ? 
I know I'm gettin old ... today I pulled a muscle getting dressed ! 
No matter how hard I think , I can’t come up with a decent justification for eating an entire quart of ice cream in one day . 
is doing some more car shopping with the hubby . 
didn't realize until today that even at a high rate of speed , an Infiniti G35 still rides and handles very smoothly . Too bad this little car was out of my price range ! 
Pet peeve : talking websites 
In other news .... the Cincinnati Cyclones are in the < PROPFIRST > Cup Playoffs ! 
is trying to remember the last time I felt sun on my face ;) 
I'm just a girl in the world ... That's all that you'll let me be ... Oh I'm just a girl ... Lucky me ... 
