has got a nasty summer cold . Still , her spirits are high . 

wonders when she'll be able to find time to write . 
now is the proud owner of a parakeet ( as if her family needed any more pets ! ha ha ! ) He is very cute , though . And she loves him . 
can hardly believe that it's almost the Fourth of July ! 
has braces again ... yey . 
misses someone terribly , and thinks about them every day . 
thinks her dog might have pink eye . 
has had her fears confirmed : her dog does have pink eye . 
has started packing to go back to school ! Bring on that sophmore year ! 
is fairly certain that , given a cape and a nice < PROPFEMALE > , she'd make a pretty intimidating superhero . 
loves green-blooded , pointy-eared hobgoblins ! Thus , she is ( unabashedly ) a geek ! 
is ready for those good times up ahead ! 
did not humiliate herself at her choir audition ! 
loves writing ! 
is saying goodbye to < PROPMALE > . 
is saying hello to Psychology ! Guten Tag , Herr Freud ! 
is pumped for rugby ! 
wonders how she can most effectively continue < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST>'s story . She knows what she wants to do next , but the scene itself is not coming to her ... 
is writing MUSIC !!!! 
loves the new poem she wrote ! 
thinks that relationships are messy . Why do we have them again ? Oh ... yeah : because they're awesome . 
thinks that all the choirs did an amazing job yesterday ! Wow ! 
hopes that she'll have time to do all the homework that her professors gave her ! 
is stalling on writting her Life in the Universe paper , starting her Psychology paper , and was advised by her Creative Writing professor to choose a new topic for her story . Urgs . I SHALL OVERCOME !!!! 
felt as though she was fairly productive today ! 
wonders why other people insult her opinions and beliefs when she tries so hard to respect theirs . 
is just about done with her term paper . Thank goodness ! 
wishes riskyfish a happy birthday ! 
is exhausted from the two Christmas Concerts , but it's a good exhaustion . 
is urging Christmas Break to come faster . 
loves her new Breaking < PROPMALE > CD ! Thank you < PROPFEMALE > and Steph ! 
feels like she aced her philosophy final ! 
wishes that she had more time to spend with < PROPFEMALE > McCowen before she goes off to Florida . Have a good time , my friend ! You'll do well ! 
is excited for the classes she has next semester . 
can't split herself into two , and feels distinctly depressed about it . 
seems to have some time to herself ! She didn't even know that was possible while at Concordia ! 
is feelin ' good . 
is going home this weekend ! 
just found out that she'll be going to the Breaking < PROPMALE > concert at the Fargodome in May ! 
found out that the aformentioned concert also has Shinedown ! Woot ! 
had an amazing time in Athens ! 
is darn glad she isn't a Music < PROPMALE > . * shudder * 
had an AMAZING time at the Bon Jovi concert ! Thank you , Miss < PROPFEMALE > ! 
: \Alright ! Let's get out there in the sand and dirt and water ! This is gonna be great ! \"" 
is so excited that she got to meet Colum McCann ! Woot ! 
IT'S SISTER WEEK ! If you have one sister , or more , who makes your life interesting , upbeat , memorable , chummy , crazy , emotional , wacky and fun , is a blessing in your life , and generally makes life worth living just by being around , copy and paste this to your status ! ( < PROPFEMALE > Wurtz , you're one awesome lady ! ) 
: \It's that time of year again ! That wonderful time of year -- where the contents of your cranium is pouring out your ears ! \"" 
: \Wow . My life ... \"" 
is making some serious progress on her Nonfiction essay ! She's feeling very productive ! 
is trying to regain control of her emotions . 
saw a pair of blue winged teals while riding Titan today ! They were so adorable ! 
says thanks to all the soldiers who gave their lives in service to this country . 
went searching on horseback for her missing dog , only to return home to find that he'd already come back . 
has a new pair of glasses . 
finished reading \I Am Legend\ " the other day . " 
watched a 1960's Russian cartoon version of the Little Mermaid , and thought of a friend of hers over seas . 
is picking raspberries . 
' s horse went bucking bronko on her boney butt . 
feels loved ! Thanks everyone , I had a wonderful Birthday ! 
is having her poem \I Am A Body Without Organs\ " published in < PROPMALE > Magazine ! " 
has contacts ! 
made her new kitten purr for the first time today ! That kitten has a moter on it ! 
' s kitten is actually a girl . 
has much angst . She already misses the friends she will be leaving behind when she goes to school . However , she has much joy in the fact that she will be seeing her friends from Concordia . 
is back at Concordia ! 
Wohooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
' s jaw surgery went well ! Yey ! 
has a cold . 
is at Concordia again . She's happy . 
is off her pain meds and going through withdrawl symptoms . This time tomorrow she will probably feel normal again . 
has done her part in preserving the equilibrium of the universe for the day . She does not have her license . 
: \I ... am in control ... of my emotions . \"" 
is a Hindi bride . No , really , she is . 
is going to England ! 
is going to Disturbed tonight ! 
still can't get over the fact that , during Indestructable , Disturbed had a series of warriors throughout history on the big screen ... including < PROPFIRST > the Great . 
had a nightmarish shift today at work . 
hates the re-writing process of working on a story ... 
loves the ITS Center . They saved her baby . 
is the Pixie of Rock ! 
misses her riskyfish . 
: FML 
is floating on cloud nine right now ! 
England here I come ! 
is having a wonderful time over her in jolly old England ! 
got to see an < PROPFIRST > Wilde play in London yesterday ! What a wonderful way to end the trip ! 
homeworkhomeworkhomeworkhomeworkREADINGhomeworkhomeworkhomeworkWRITINGhomeworkhomework 
had a fun time volunteering at the Powwow ! 
\I'm sick of the things I do when I'm nervous\ 
Happy Ash Wednesday ! 
: My snails have given birth ! Now I have about a hundred bouncing baby spots ranging all over my fish tank ! 
GRE ? What ? Crud ... 
is ready to conduct her psych experiment ! All shall fear and tremble ! 
Group projects : never before have I worked so hard to communicate so little . 
: snails are pregnant again ! There's this spidery-like egg sack on the side of her fish tank . 
: What a terrible day . 
had a great time sandbagging today ! 
: The second batch of baby snails has hatched , and already a third egg-sack has been laid ! Whatever shall I do ?!? 
Happy Easter , everyone ! 
just handed over her Research Methods paper . Sweet heaven above defend me ... 
finished her last final ! She thinks it went really well . 
: says congratulations to everyone who wore a cap and gown yesterday ! 
thinks Hades , her betta , may be sick . He's not acting like his usual active self ... and he coughed up the food she tried to feed him . 
: So the oral surgery is over . I'm alive , as of yet . Sorer , but happier for it . 
RUSHDIE CAN DO NO WRONG !!!! 
is at work , on break ! Long live the library ! 
is writing a poem about < PROPFIRST > the Great . It's official , she's obsessed . 
: Happy Father's Day , everyone ! Go out and hug your daddy ! 
: Thanks for all the birthday wishes , everyone ! I had a wonderful day , turning 21 ! Many hugs ! 
Took a solo drive in her mom's new Jeep ! Today is a good day . :) 
is head over heels in love with her new car ! Yey ! She thinks she'll call her < PROPFEMALE > . 
can hardly believe that the new semester is closing in already . And senior year , at that ! 
: Men . Life was so much easier back when they ignored me . 
is emotionally scarred that she's NOT emotionally scarred after what she heard last night ... 
* Tackles < PROPFEMALE > Delaney with hugs * I knew you had it in you ! 
Egypt of Austria . Huh . That's a difficult decision ... I wish my parents were more open to the former . Cause that's kind of first choice ... But still , maybe I can convince them ? 
I got a new phone , and all my contacts are gone ! Please , if you want me to call you , comment with your number ! 
