Donate $10 today and Save a Life under the Rubble in Haiti . Text \Haiti\ " at 20222 . The < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Aids Relief to Haiti http://www.clintonfoundation.org/haitiearthquake/ " 

Going to watch a movie . Still researching how to create new TABS in facebook . 
- American's should not live on credit alone , but seek value in all that we own . -- Be free ! Financially Free ! ... < PROPFEMALE > 
Has anyone discovered the secret to anti aging ? If so , please call me . 
I'm giving a shout out to all the beautiful women of the BURG ! You know who you are . Shout Back dammit ! 
Going shopping today for appliances . A girl can't live without her dishwasher . A man yes , a dishwasher heck no ! 
Even now do I learn of life . How old must I be to surpass the wisdom of my elders ? 
Take off your shoes and step in the mud .. Wiggle your toes and have fun . 
A life without choices is like a < PROPFEMALE > without sunlight . Think about it . 
Grats SAINTS !!!! wHO DAt 
Is it safe to make babies when all you want to do is eat them ... mmmm 
I'm looking for an entreprenuership . Contact me if you too are interested in starting a small business venture . 
have you ever just wanted to \Poke\ " someone in the eye just to hear them say Ouch ? " 
If you haven't heard about the Stock Market , look into it . It'll make you that much smarter and/or richer . 
A slow painful process of getting old . 
If you are reading this , then I find you to be HAWT ! 
So When I finish School this year , What should I do ? I have banned myself from WoW . 
If you are overseas and need a job in the US , msg me 
SURVEY : How much would you pay to ensure your children were successful in life ? any amount ? nothing , or the cost of a high school diploma ? 
Giving a Shout out to Family . We gone get ours ! 
Life's little pleasures are worth taking a nibble on . Care to try ? 
SURVEY : Would you eat a worm if you were paid $1000 ? IF so , name the worm you are willing to eat . 
Why are young people headed down such horrible paths ? Why can't I save them all ? Can 1 person really make a difference when no one is listening ? 
Spending Mother-Daughter time with the kid ... Ever hear of < PROPFIRST > Wii ? Hmm ... 
I let you live off of your Bejeweled justice for a long time . Get your scores up before I bust it ! =) 
So My kid joined the Ultimate Frisbee team at school . 
Can anyone suggest a new photo camera to purchase ? All suggestions welcomed . Links to it are better . 
I hate HOMEWORK ! 
Being bored is DANGEROUS ! All I want to do is find something to buy . =( 
I am In Mourning over a lost friendship : I will never talk to < PROPFIRST > Niles again , and if he ever read his facebook , he would know why . Why does it feel like a huge hole in my chest ? 
2nd day of mourning a lost friendship . Can't I just put this behind me . This is the 2nd one in less than a month . Maybe i am meant to be friendshipless ... 
Is hiding a world of hurt , really worth it ? No matter how much you pretend to the rest of the world , there isn't enough distance from yourself . 
I can't wait to wash away the grit from last year with some mind numbing and much relaxed gardening . Woohoo ! 
Why are Many American Men only reaching the stagehood of Boys ? Why are American Women not demanding men to be men ? No , you can't and shouldn't be trying to raise kids alone . 
I challenge everyone who reads this to take the initiative to mentor a family member . Before its too late , give them the tools of life . No matter how hard , or how long , its up to us to save the world now . 
I challenge us all to look at the things we are proud of doing ? What accomplishments can you share with your children or those close to you ? If you have nothing to share , go make things happen for yourself TODAY ! 
OMG almost done with School . Only a 15 < PROPFEMALE > Report Left to do . I can see the finish line ... and it is screamin Whiskey ! =) 
Now to weave through the rest of life . Anyone care to lend a hand ? 
Does MS have a need for an oldies pub ? Yes or No ? 
mmm .... Freshly Brewed < PROPMALE > Coffee . i think ill go order some pretzles ... 
We grilled yesterday . I made a great BBQ Pork . If you want the recipe message me . 
If you ever think you're crazy , slap yourself because you are . 
Tonite I'm gonna just settle , settle for my passion of hot fudge ice cream . O , Why the hell not . Tune in tomorrow for tales of hot fudge ice cream passion . mmm .... 
I'm not your Superwoman , Oh no no no no .... What ? hehe @.@ This woman cave means nothing ! 
Prom Shopping , Awards Banquet , and More and thats just today . Shhesh Daughters are Way too Expensive . 
About a Month ago I posted how much i hate < PROPFIRST > Niles , I recant that statement and say that friends are friends thick and thin no matter how much you love to hate them at that moment . 
ACTs are happening today at my kid's school . She's excited . I hope she does well . 
Anyone know a treatment for Nappy Hair ? 
Up and About and back to work . Very very long week so far . I can say it has been a crapper . 
I have the \Curse of the Daughters . \ " My mom cursed me and said my daughter would treat me the way I treated her . Well ... it has come true . She has such an attitude . " 
Prom Pics are posted . This weekend is almost over . 
Dad is finally here . Time for bonding . 
Any Facebookers want to Start a Weighloss group ? Message me . 
We are having Fondue tonite . Yes ! 
All , Just know Facebook is seen by Many , even potential employers . Can you at least try not to appear so Ghetto when posting . Just trying to help . Enjoy ! 
Happy Mother's Day to All the Mother's Reading This Today . 
If anyone is interested in helping me start a Small Business message me for more details . Opportunities exist for either a contributor , active or passive assistant . 
Stir Fry and Love tonite !!! @.@ < PROPMALE > Bélanger 
My < PROPMALE > holds my heart in his hand , firmly . 
A snake is like the devil , it slithers in the \ 
dark until he's comfortable that you're unaware then crushes you in one \ 
blow before you can blink . Always be prepared in life and make sure \ 
when he attacks that you're not caught offguard . 
When was the moment you learned that your kid was really not the nice kid you thought they were ? 
PLEASE READ : All young ladies 30 and below . Please take care of your success first . Babies and men will only hold you back and there's plenty of time for them both . Don't be happy with being manager of Taco < PROPFEMALE > . Be the Manager of NASA ! Believe in yourself and stop showing your ass on facebook . 
It's very hot ! Time to get busy finding new swim clothes that fit . =) 
Bonding w/Dad : we went to the Asian Buffet last nite . Could barely walk afterwards . A moment to savor , literally . 
Well my mom missed her bus . Time for Plan B . 
Don't hate the ones you should love . You have only a single lifetime to make things right . Holding grudges against parents , siblings , or kids are wrong . Clear the void around your heart and just breathe . 
family is gone . back to reality 
a tisket a tasket , I need more money in my basket . @.@ < PROPMALE > Bélanger 
Taking my 16yo out Job hunting and my dad ! =) \ 
Taking care of everyone is getting old . When will someone offer me support . =( 
Sweet ! Dad's resume is done . Now for the baby sitting flyer . Let's hope the money falls from the sky soon . lol . i want to retire . 
Ok , Going to watch Soccer 101 . Going for Germany . \ 
Want to watch Germany , Brazil , Portugal , and oh yeah ... USA @.@ 
Germany v Aussie was Sick !!! OMFG 
Why are some people so Stupid ! 
If you're a morning person , can you truly be happy with a Night time person ? 
Father's day message ? Let's recognize and promote real fathers ! @ Ladies if u have X choose a man worth having from day 1 . If he leaves get Child Support not Welfare . 
Took portraits last nite and sat down for a family steak dinner . 
Life is about to take a huge turn . Let's see if my head can stay above water . 
Missing my boo . Hope you're safe . 
Why is it SOOOO Hot !!!! 
I love Gardening . I bought sunflowers . 
Life Sucks ! Germany ???? What happened !? 
I will be watching you Germany on Saturday . Don't let us down ! 
Sweet win Deutschland ! 
Finally up and about again . Whew ! 
A colleague buried his 15yo son today . His son was the victim of a shooting by 2 adults that intended to shoot the boy's friend . They shot him multiple times including in his head . Hug your children , and don't assume they are safe when they leave home . And kick the azz of any adult who still acts stupid and does stupid things regardless of if he's your friend , brother or other . 
So glad the weekend is here . I charge everyone who reads this to do at least one good thing for someone who may not be in your good graces . Write back if you care to share on Monday . 
Happy 17th Birthday to my one and only beautiful < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > Maray . I love you and will always be here for you . It will always be you and me forever . Love Mom < PROPFEMALE > Magee 
Anyone else have a 17 yo child and want to share some lessons learned to help me with the next year ? Please Share 
Pray for a new job for < PROPFEMALE > this week ! 
Anger , Sadness , nor Blame can bring you back Elmi . But never will you be snatched from our memories or our hearts . Your friends love you very much and we will see you again some day . Elmar Laubenheimer 
i just spoke to a friend who's sad and mourning but at a distance . How can you ease the pain ? Talking helped but what do you do when you < PROPFEMALE > up the phone ? When it seems no one else understands ? How do you move on when the pain is so deep and hurts so much ? 
Today a memorial was held in honor of the 21+ victims of the Love Parade . I lit a candle in memory of Elmar . I plan on making a memorial item for Elmars friends . If you want one please message me with your postal address . We will never forget you Elmi Elmar Laubenheimer 
I'm hoping this week is better than the last . 
Violence on TV , and Emergency doctor shows just dont interest me anymore when you can see it in reality . Everything around me reminds me of Death . 
Days are creeping by 
Thanks to everyone sending their kind words . I have been left speechless , literally . Thank you . 
Focus < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Im starting to lose my words . 
When do you ask for that which can't be spoken ? If you read this , I beg you read between the lines . 
Please know that life can never be the same for me . You know that feeling when you find out about < PROPFEMALE > , well its like I just found out . \What is the Meaning of Life ? \"" 
Sitting in my car for 20 mins now . Can't really understand why . Nothing more to say really . 
Today is my daughters first day of her last year in school . I can still remember her first day of her first year of school . 
Sometimes its not what a person says but what they don't say that should concern you . 
Maybe I'm healing , maybe not ? I hate even leaving my bedroom after work . I close off the world to only open it again for my daily routine . I don't know if I want it to change . 
Join my discussion on the Chaos in < PROPFEMALE > and what led up to it . Feel free to share with your friends . http://www.facebook.com/topic.php?uid=90378027462&topic=16672 
. 
Gates , Doors , Walls , Windows 
A PLEA For HELP --> I was just informed that a family member of mine is recently homeless . He is 24 , lost his job , and has a 2 year old daughter . He needs just a bit of help to get back on his feet . If you are either in the Las Vegas area or can assist in anyway , Please let me know . I know its embarrassing to but with technology getting the word out , its the best available network . Thanks in advance . 
Taking it easy ! 
I should be asleep but I have been awake for hours ... Now its almost time to get ready for work . Sigh .... 
Today was a very interesting day at work . I have to think about this one . 
I have 2 stop waking up at 3am . sigh ... 
I have a migraine !!! And I just finished a long and crucial interrogation from Judge < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
Why is it that American Product Quality is Scheiße ? Ich bin zurück nach Deutschland !!! 
Well I slept past 3 this morning ... it was 4 ! But its still an improvement . Baby Steps . 
Hot Dogs are good ! I don't care how < PROPMALE > you are . Hot Dogs are good ! 
As I opened my eyes this morning I thought of a friend I hadn't heard from in a short while . As I opened my computer I had only one email , it was from him . Wow , the power of the heart . I was as shocked as you were . 
I'm\ 
an addict and let my friends convince me to return to my drug of \ 
choice ... I can't wait to just get a little taste again . It brings a \ 
smile to my face . I know I need help . ( confessions of a WoW Addict ) 
I think my head is exploding . Go away super migraine . 
You try to help young people today and they tell you to F ' Off . The worst thing is that I will . If you're too ignorant to listen to your elders you deserve whatever happens . 
OMG Migraine finally gone !!!! for now . :-( \ 
I can't take much more of these . I was near death . 
Wish for Luck ! < PROPFEMALE > was a chosen candidate to interview with the Senator . If accepted she will travel on a 5 state tour with him ! Fingers crossed . 
Getting a CT for my new migraine delimna . I hope something is causing them so it can be fixed . 
17 yrs ago I was but a scared single parent . Today I am a proud strong and successful mother of the best daughter in this world . thank you my God . 
I would like to encourage everyone to step outside your comfort zone . Travel , get to know the rest of the world . It will open your eyes , mind about many things like racism , politics , wealth . Try it , you can find tickets to Europe for under $500 . Then come back and tell me about it . Stop being the typical American , be All you can be . 
Supposedly my camera and other toys are in the mail . I can't wait ! So many things to do . Keeps my mind off everything else . 
Just sitting here alone wishing someone would talk to me . Guess I will eat chocolate . 
This doesnt feel like a 3 day weekend . It feels like WTH'yend . Its almost over . =( 
250,000 DAYS is an average life expectancy , so don't rush them . Look to Monday as though its a precious one of a few . Smile and tell someone how beautiful they are . Live from the heart . Life is too short to just be Human . Be all you can be . 
At work and all I can think about is Politics and a pot of Coffee . \Yawn \"" 
I want to have the Wedding of my Dreams , but I have no Friends or Family that would travel to attend . Sigh ... Life Sucks ! 
OMG ! Sitting at work and I thought I heard a Murloc . Am I going insane or am I still an addict ? \loot received : murloc eye \"" 
Brain Ache ! 
Just because someone has the power to take advantage of you doesn't mean they should . I will fight for what's right until there's no more fight left in me . 
The < PROPFIRST > AFB Air Show is this weekend . Get there early . 
UPDATE : My daughter was officially selected as one of the students to attend the Senatorial College/University 5-State Tour . A one Week tour to DC , < PROPFEMALE > , Tennessee , North < PROPFEMALE > , and Alabama . She had to make it through the initial interview but was informed this week that she was one of the selected few . \ 
Great Job < PROPFEMALE > ! A great start to the rest of your life and I am very proud of you . Love Mommy ... 
UPDATE : My daughter was officially selected as one of the students to attend the Senatorial College/University 5-State Tour . A one Week tour to DC , < PROPFEMALE > , Tennessee , North < PROPFEMALE > , and Alabama . She had to make it through the initial interview but was informed this week that she was one of the selected few . \ 
Great Job < PROPFEMALE > ! A great start to the rest of your life and I am very proud of you . Love Mommy .. 
I now have my new camera , without a card . ( sad ) I get that today and start taking photos . Check out my album soon to see what comes of it . < PROPFEMALE > Metzger < PROPFEMALE > I need your photo smarts =) 
No , I still don't believe the towers fell due to radical Islam . Conspiracy Theorists Unite ! Yes , it's sad what happened to everyone involved , I just think it was caused by other than what was fed to us . 
Thank you God for September 12th . Maybe now I can focus on September 13th . =) 
I think I will dedicate my next tree planting to my friend Elmar . It will be a forsythia which blooms early but stays green the rest of the year round . I will plant the winter < PROPFEMALE > for the nice smell but because it blooms in the winter when all others have been forgotten . I will never forget him and will think of him year round . 
Ludwig < PROPMALE > Beethoven , Wow my brain is split open and its gushing with random intellectual thoughts . I forgot me until now . I recommend everyone listen to some nice piano or violin concerto's and clear your mind . This is the person I am . It tingles , It feels good . Wowch ! 
Thank you God , Mom & Dad for allowing me to grace this earth , to share me with the world . If I shall die before I wake , I pray that my heart was given for all to take . 
The night is coming to a close . I can't deny my age now . Thanks to everyone that did wish or wanted to wish me a happy birthday . 
Thank you , It's another day . Life is too short to waste it in bed . Going for a walk . 
Its a sad day when people wish you Happy Birthday in the morning and turn around to tell you of tragedy by nightfall . My prayers go out to my Stepmother's family and everyone involved . Please know that this day will be remembered by many for the reasons only God know . God , how much more will you place upon me , what am I to do , to learn , to take from this ? 
Going walking before the world wakes up in my backyard . 
A true artist has a need to expel those things aching to get out . Ouch ! 
WISDOM : If you could tell someone age 30 and under only 1 point in life of wisdom , what would that 1 point be ? Let's Save our Youth . 
The world is a huge scary place . The monsters are no longer just under the bed or in the closet . They are living on the internetz 
Happy Friday to everyone . May All be Blessed , Kiss and Hug your loved Ones . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AVRQVvbHuys 
If you think there's a difference between black people and white people in 2010 , then you obviously haven't checked your wallet . Stop tripping over stupid blaming the world and start making the choices that will bring walla to your wallet . 
I woke up so sick this morning regurgitating , and sweat dripping off the tip of my nose . ... hmm .. maybe i should google this . =) 
A new day , no change . Maybe I'm catching the flu . I'm going back to bed ! 
My Stepmother < PROPFEMALE > Magee walks with the Lord hand-in-hand . She recently succumbed to her fatal wounds due to an automobile accident . She was a very nice , caring and loving person and helped my father thru his ups and downs . Our lives and those of her friends and family will never be the same . There just doesnt seem to be enough prayers in the world today . 
I want to Run Away !, So far that neither the sun nor < PROPFEMALE > can find me . I want to Hide so deep that neither the morning dew nor the grassy moss can sneak up on me . I want to die so the world can forget my face . I want to . ... < Good Morning World > Enjoy your Coffee . 
A little girl sits in the corner , while everyone walks by . She quietly mumbles to her doll . Tears begin streaming down her face , but no one notices . She lowers her head and pulls her doll closer to her cheek . Why doesn't anyone comfort her ? She's alone , a ghost lost in time . She cries alone forever . =( 
If you have any items to add for Elmar's memory book , please message me as soon as possible . If you need to send them by post please let me know and I will share my address . I will also make sure you get your photo's returned . 
Please DO NOT send Prayer Chain EMAILS to me ! I won't forward them , and I won't read them . Matter of Fact , DON'T Send ANY Chain Emails to me ! 
It's Friday ! Still not enough time to do everything . 
Ich bin sehr müde 
Hi All , Sorry for my absence . I will try to respond to all messages soon . /hugs ... 
I finally got my tickets to Germany . It hasn't been easy but I pulled it off . I more thing that's off my mind . < for now > 
Why does it feel so cold ? 
I went walking and left my camera in the car . I can't be a photographer this way . 
Why do people believe that they can outwit me ? I didn't get to where I am today by being stupid or having nice boobage ! F'n Retards 
- can't stay asleep . 
Oh Mr. Time , Please wait for me . You're moving too fast . 
So my bf , mom and dad's birthdays are all in November . Any suggestions for what I could do for them or buy them ? 
Thanks for all the suggestions for the birthday ideas . Very very helpful . 
what is love ? what is true love ? why is life ? why is death ? I wish to walk the depth of the deepest ocean floors . God please hold my hand . 
Did you know that < PROPFEMALE > Lauper is a Lesbian ? I was very shocked to hear this news ? 
Um .. I'm going to watch < PROPMALE > Potter with my daughter . @.@ 
standing in line . < PROPFEMALE > dropd her phone n broke it . if only shed put it up 
why isn't < PROPFIRST > answering his phone ? 
< PROPMALE > Potter was just OK ! It's not a kids show anymore , it's a LOVE story . OMG ! 
I love my daughter . I'm so afraid of her entering this hellish world alone . She seems to believe what everyone else tells her . =( 
Time 2 cook . I Love being a woman , and teaching my daughter what a real woman is all about . Doing what needs to be done for family ! 
Happy Thanksgiving ! Give Your Love not just Food today . 
Do you enjoy food and love to write ? I am looking for writers to help populate the FB < PROPFEMALE > Food Heaven . Readership is growing steadily . A great resume opportunity . Message me for more details . 
I think the biggest evil in this world is for a father to steal from his daughter . To leave emptiness and yearning for his love . She lives her life seeking to fill that void or striving to pretend it doesn't matter . Fathers I beg you to find your girls ; call , visit or just write . But most of all find a way through rain , snow or Hell to place your arms around them , hug them , tell them Dads Love Conquers All . 
Why does it feel like I'm walking this earth alone ? Everything passes in the mist and fog . Shadows as heavy as stone keep me locked in a state of never . A hundred years of gray . 
I wake up at 4am , finally get out of bed at 6am . The life of a miserable old hag . 
My mouth is numb , can't feel my tongue , and I think my face cold to the touch ( Dentist Trip ) . Can you believe I can't speak ? I know , it's cold enough to snow in Hell . 
A \\"" 
Secrets to Success 2 . If you can't pay it off in 30 days , you can't afford it . They get < PROPMALE > off of your layaway , credit card delayed payments , and your lottery ticket dreams . Save your money ! 
PLEASE STOP USING ALL CAPS OR YOU WILL BE REMOVED . Its rude and seen as shouting . Now you know 
What do you want for Christmas ? 
May dad is an Awesome dance ! 
Have you ever considered giving up trying to make your world better ? Do you ever feel like your world exists only to torture you ? 
can't sleep again . so I started on the chocolate cake . I may b turning off fb soon . 
FB allows open thoughts of everyone's ignorance . I'm truly a fan of mandatory education . Parents of stupid people should be jailed . 
First off FB automatically updating me to the new version is stupid ! Secondly , where in the heck is that AT&T tech ? I am so about to change providers . 
Is it better working government or contractor ? 
Well Friday , Are you Single ? I would like to date you . 
I hope the snow won't keep me away Europe . Mother Nature I beg you to calm your angry spirit and have some chocolate . It's on me ! 
I'm in newark waiting on plane to canada . New york ppl look New Yorkish . : @ 
I'm happy to report there's a LOT of snow in Quebec . I'm just passing thru . 6 hour layover . 
finally arrived from hell 
All snowed in . No phone or internet 23.49 hours a day . gotta love it 
alles gute im D'land . 
wow I finally see FB comments . small things you miss 
if I don't respond its prob cause I can't get ur msg . phone is dying once again . ttyl FB 
Today was beautiful in Bamberg . Tomorrow Bonn 
Got to see Elmi today . Only God knows . Is tomorrow the near or far ? 
leaving Germany feels like I'm leaving my home again and again . its very hard to do . 
scrolling the friends list . its sad when you get to the end And realize there's no one you can really and I mean really talk too . 
My trip has been very inspiring . 
Omw home . What a feeling . 
Well I'm trying to get home . BUT the airport lost power . Plane hasn't arrived . This sucks ! 
kk facebook fans . finally off the plane . safe but tired . < PROPMALE > for keeping me sane . beaming out for the night 
To all those I didnt get to talk to in Europe when I visited I apologize . I will do what I can to keep in touch however . For everyone else outside Europe I will try to catch up with all of you . Thanks for your < PROPFEMALE > . 
Only God knows how I will handle 2011 . Last year I experienced tragedies and upturns . At my age I just want to live . No more life lessons please . 
i hate the new FB setup . 
FB I'm not really available . I'm sorry but I'm going to try to find myself this year . Message me if you want to share a thought or two . 
I want to Congratulate my daughter < PROPFEMALE > ( so proud ) Magee for wining an < PROPMALE > contest and having her < PROPMALE > work Officially Published in a local Magazine . I hope to see more great feats of work by her in her lifetime . < PROPFEMALE > , I'm proud of you and LOVE you more than any person could ever know . 
Life is GRAND ! \ 
Age 1-12 : For the first 12 years of life , you have no worries of life . Life is Grand . \ 
Age : 13-24 : For the Next 12 Years , you have no fear . Life is what you make it and no one can tell you anything . \ 
Age 25-29 : For the Next 5 years , you begin to realize that Life around you is forcing you to make decisions and choose a path . 
This year will be a great year in stocks . 
It's scary when you have that sick feeling that just appears in your tummy , then fear , then emptiness . 
I think I'll start looking for jobs in Europe again . 
If anyone is interested in taking part in a new restaurant startup , message me . Looking for Investors , Partners , Contractors , others . 
To all of my friends that Care to send the very best . I love Chocolate and .... 
oil poison the gulf , radiation poison pacific , and we remain silent . < PROPFEMALE > you should be screaming . 
This goes out to ALL MEN ! If you have a child and you're letting society determine if he grows up to be Ghetto or Trailer Park , you should be ashamed ! \ 
\ 
It's time for Men to prove their Manhood ! Stop acting like boys and take responsibility for the youth of the future . 
Well another flat tire in less than 2 months ... I'm feeling lucky . 
I explained the gracious nature of my daughter's birthing delivery to her . I would say it went rather well . She didnt even barf . If you're gonna have a kid , suggest a video camera so you can aim for the barf effect when you do show it to them . :p 
FRIENDS CONTEST Win $25 - To all of my now 291 Friends on FaceBook as of April 03 , 2011 , I'm st < PROPMALE > ing an < PROPMALE > contest . Upload & Share your best work of < PROPMALE > and win $25 USD . May include poetry , video , music , photo , etc . Winner will be chosen from top 10 submissions . Must be your own work . Contest Ends 17 April . More contest to follow . 
I came home yesterday to white carpets in my home ... wait , x that . I mean they were black from the dog running freely thru the rooms ... I held back my screams . Life is too short . 
For anyone struggling to feed their family , walk into your local VA hospital and enjoy a huge hot meal for under $4 . We were completely surprised and the food was cooked by contractors . It was totally worth it which included a drink . Nice ! 
What will you do when the government shuts down ? A . Go Fishing B . Get Drunk C . Watch TV D . Sit at home and Surf the Internet 
My family line has super gorgeous men . Tall , Dark and handsomely Strong Black men . If only they took care of their children now . Guys , I'm asking you to respect yourself and your children . Be a REAL MAN ! 
