How the hell do I work this thing ? 

Learning the ways of this internet booking of faces . Being a F.N.G. sucks dirty bowls . 
Wow , I just realized how white I really am . 
Sweet jesus , I found a sombrero under my bed . SCORE !!! 
Looks like BP got that leak fixed , about damn time ! 
chillin with a sombrero 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oHg5SJYRHA0&feature=related 
Staying awake for 24 hours straight , then going into a sleep coma for several hours is sweet ass sweet . TRY IT !!! 
So , it turns out the Tooth < PROPFEMALE > is going to sedate me , then rip my wisdom teeth out of my mouth , and leave me to writhe in pain for a week or so ... Looking forward to this !! 
my jaw is numbed like hell , someone come hit me in the jaw really hard ! 
My mouth is healing , but I'm turning yellow as a side effect of the pain pills . I'm turning into an asian dude hahaha 
yeahhh cold showers on hot days are amazing 
i love my FOOD !! FOOD ! FOOOOD !!!! 
holy piss , the left side of my jaw can't make up its mind about being swollen or not . i hate that bastard ... makes me look extra goofy ... 
mah senio ' schedJEWule ( hahaha ... jew ... ) 1 ) word processing 401 nobles . 2 ) dig electronics 136 < PROPFIRST > . 3 ) eng12 327 doran . 4 ) gov't 427 shows . 5 ) sculpt/cer 422 lassiter . 6)hon us hist ( failed AP last year hahaha ... ) 428 huntoon . 7 ) discrete math 107 banka . 8 ) intro psyc 217 gee . \ 
\ 
i've got so many unnecessary classes , but i was forced to take all of this ... if you has a class with meh , you gotsa hmu . 
My mom recently traded our ' 04 BMW 325Ci sof t-t op convertible for a ' 09 Volvo C70 hard-top convertible . Never really thought too much about Volvo , but this car is sexy somethin ' fierce ! I can't wait ' til I get to drive that baby . 
So today is the day that celebrates my 17th year of continuous existence . Awesome and all , but I'm not a full-fledged grown ass man yet . That will be next year ... just gotta wait ... again ... 
Thanks to everyone that wished me a happy b-day , I just wish that some of you could have sent me cash . I like money . Alot . ALOT . So I find you all somewhat useless , no offense . 
mega triple PISS ! i really dont want to head back to that hell hole maury ... both days of my schedule has me walking from the 1st to 4th floor all day everyday . i just hope they did me a solid and im not in 3rd lunch . 
yup 
Tonight , we feast like kings ! Then tomorrow , we wake up miserable and confused and go to school ... 
When the fuck did we get ice-cream ? 
haaaaaaalooooooooo reeeeeaaaaaach 
Transformers can blow shit up , and they don't get in any trouble ... Why doesn't that apply to me as well ?? 
WHERES THE PAPER TOWELS ? 
Mr. Banka , I would like to buy a vowel . 
Dead Rising 2 shall be released unto this land tomorrow . Goodbye grades , hello endless zombie slaughter ! 
That was one tasty burger ! 
Who wants to go play in traffic with me ? I promise to bring puppies ! 
You can't lead a horse to water , and make it drink . But if you have a taser , duct tape , and a Klondike Bar , that's a different story . 
HOLY SHIT ! SOME SQUIRREL'S FUCKING MY TOMATOES !! 
Is it a good idea to put a bunch of cookie dough in my pillowcase , in place of my pillow ? 
Are cats supposed to have dandruff ? Cause mine does ... 
Why is there so much apathy these days ? On second thought , I don't care . 
I've got spurs that jingle jangle , jingle jangle . And these souls , will go ridin ' merrily along , jingle jangle . 
I got mah hair cut , I feel all sorts of naked ... For the first time in months I can't use my hair as sunglasses . Woo 
Just found out < PROPFIRST > Nielsen died yesterday . That sucks ass . He was fuckin ' funny ! 
I've begun to read a book . Now I feel strangely , complete ...? 
In olden days , a glimpse of stocking\ 
Was looked on as something shocking . \ 
But now , God knows , \ 
Anything goes . 
When I looked into those eyes , I saw walls . Walls filled with BEER !!!! HUAAHUAHUAH 
How much irony is there in someone choking on a cough drop ? 
My dog tore apart my phone that was sitting next to a full pack of gum ... really ? 
I just found out that my mom got my dad a set of knifes for < PROPFIRST>'s day . How romantic ..? 
Moving furniture and working the muscles . Gettin ' ripped . 
My cat licked my face right after \cleaning\ " his red rocket . Not cool . " 
Boggle . Boggle . BOGGLE ! < PROPFIRST > , sallaD . O.O 
Why won't my face stop twitching ???? 
Battle : LA was tits ! 
< PROPFEMALE > my parents just rolled up and gave me the keys to a 98 mustang . Fucking awesome ! Now I just need to go get my license ... 
Bout to make my baby shine reaaaal bright . 
UNLIMITED POOOOOOOOOOOOWWWWWWWWWEEEEEEEEERRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR !!! 
For the love of god , give me more Ovaltine !!!!!! 
Cinnamon Challenge . 
My cat laughs at me when he purs ...? 
My dog just ate a baby frog in one bite . That is horrendously disgusting ... 
Rain , rain , get the fuck out of here ... I need to mow the lawn ... 
Does anyone know the legality surrounding burning a little wood house in my driveway ? 
All that cold and rain at busch gardens yesterday is killin me right now ... 
The fuck is up with all these punk ass mustang drivers tryin to get me to race their ' stang with mine ? \ 
Tryna impress your girl ? smh 
