Getting a Divorce , but Im Ok 

Who wants a tattoo design ? Let me know and ill draw one up , there is a small fee , but seriously , a small fee 
.... i just want to sleep my days away ... 
Raaaawwwwrrr .... Im a bat . lol 
If i were to go to collage for a job , what do YOU think i would get a carreer in ? 
Well the college visit was fun ! 
Work is ummm .... w/e and i want this dammmmmm divorse already ! 
I never knew how long system restore took . My poor lapto ... But its getting better ! :) 
Yay another interview , hope this one is a go getter , if not . Keep on tryin .... 
Yay i finnaly put up new pictures , including my Awsome Pumpkin Carvings . lol 
How much do voice lessons cost ? I really want to try it out . I'm tired of holding it in , i want to sing aloud ! 
I am thankful for being able to be with my family and life as it is . Sure life can always be better but its going well right now . I thank my boyfriend for always being there for me and treats me with respect which I appreciate . Hugs for everyone and i hope everyone had a wonderful Thanksgiving ! 
Ahh ! Its snowing ! 
If anyone knows someone selling/givings away puppies , Please let me know . I want one < PROPFEMALE > bad 
anyone know of any puppies for sell ? 
Last of all , I will now close by telling you that I need this person who takes over my responsibility to come along quickly , because otherwise I * may * have to take him/her to the pound . I probably won't , but that threat is sure to scare someone into hurrying up and taking over my responsibility . 
. And was never spayed/neutered . And make sure it gets premium food and all the things it deserves , but I am too selfish to even continue to care for it . And remember , this is a commitment- you better not take it and then change your mind ever because only I can do that . Now that I dumped him/her on you , he/she is too traumatized to ever face that again . 
I just don't want it anymore . But YOU should want it enough to help me recoup my original purchase price . Now , I hope you'll take it right to the vet , because he/she is behind on shots 
Besides , everyone knows that you can tell a person who's taking your pet to be a test lab subject by whether or not they'll shell out $50 . If my pet is purebred , I will likely try to charge you hundreds . Because I spend hundreds and this is a very valuable pet . 
Oh , and I think you should pay a fee to show you're capable of buying cat food . And plus I spent money on it 8 years ago and heck I can get a few boxes of diapers for the baby with that cash 
Now let me tell you how sweet , lovable , and darling he/she is . Also , allow me to fail to mention that he/she has a urination issue when scared , or he/she eat sofas , etc . 
Anyhow , since this process will be very upsetting for my formerly precious pet ( and because I may feel an inkling of guilt ) I want the adopter to give it a home where there are no other pets , so it doesn't have to share your affections ( even though I've been ignoring it for months ) . 
Now about my pet . I've had it since it was a kitten ( or pup , or egg if reptilian ) and now it's middle aged , the age NO ONE wants to adopt , but didn't you see- I need someone to take care of it . 
Anyhow , I don't want my pet anymore . Oh wait , that sounds every bit as selfish as I am . I mean , I can't keep my pet . Yeah , that's it . Oh allergies- YES , I suddenly got allergies . No one will question that . 
I wanted a pet , so I got one . But I am tired of taking care of it , and paying for it . I might even be moving , in which case I would have to pay a pet deposit or spend an extra 30 seconds planning how to take along my pet . Maybe I decided to have a baby or get a boyfriend ( or girlfriend ) . 
MAYBE THE FOLLOWING WILL MAKE EVERYONE REALIZE HOW REDICULOUS SOME OF THESE POSTS ARE . PLEASE BE RESPONSIBLE AND DONT GET A PET IF YOU DONT PLAN ON LOVING IT TILL ITS DEATH 
I found this on craigs list lol 
puppy puppy puppy . Where are you chosen one ? lol yes sitll looking 
I GOT A PUPPY ! Its a Pug . and he is 10 weeks old 
I love my Moose 
WISH ME LUCK ! 
I want to go to a dance club sooooo bad 
I also want to go to a kareeokee bar uber bad . ugh ! sing sing sing yes LmAo 
Dance Club Sun night around Ten . at either the venue or Club 10 , maybe both . Its a friend of mine's birthday and the more the merryier . Let me know if your interested so i can keep you updated on the plans . ! 
DANCE CLUB this sunday . around ten . let me know if your interested . Ill give more detail ! 
Dance Club this Thursday ! at The Complex . 18+ is $10 21+ is $5 . starts at 9:00 pm to 3:00 am . Address = 3515 Chouteau Ave . St. < PROPFIRST > , MO 63103 . Their number is 314-772-2645 . LET ME KNOW WHO IS GOING ! 
sorry sorry . its on a friday not thursday 
P90X is no joke . Yay for weight loss !...? lol 
Im so happy about my new hair colors . Woot ! lol 
Well my hair style lasted 3 days . the blond is already pink . Im not happy 
Im tired of getting lawnmower bruises . 
I hate it when people hit my Truck . w/e > ( 
Oh so freakin Tired : 0 ' thats a picture of me yawning . lol 
VIDEOGAMES I MISS YOU SO ! 
I wonder what is in an epic meal . I keep asking and i just have to sit here and wait . all i know is that there is pasta noodles involved . hmmmmmm 
Im thinking of a Faux Hawk . NO ONE CAN STOP ME . only tell me which one would look best . HA ! 
AND ITS #1 FOR THE WIN ! ( also because people think either the hair styles are stupid and horrible , and ... no one else has commented ) 
Sick and tired of not knowing the name of the song im trying to find ! 
OH Videogames .... How i love you < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Ahhhhh burnt < PROPFEMALE > self on chesey filled hot dog . Why you do me like that hot dog . I love you 
Oh yeah Mass Effect and Oblivion ! You rock my gamer world . No no no , Masterchief you are still my number one . I love that Spartan . LMAO 
Wow ! Dungeons Dragons Heros ; how I missed you so ... 
AAAAHAHAHAHA I LOVE TECHNO . I want to go to a dance club and dance it up with my best friends . Ill even trade it up with going to a karokee bar ! lol 
In what game do you think that you might die of boredom inside a slow a ** elevator ? Answer , Mass Effect . Correct ! Ahhhhh ! GO GO GO theres a FIRE ..... GO ! 
Why does it have to be rocket science to look for someone on freakin Facebook is what i want to know . ! 
Join \I'd go Gay for Gandalf\ " Please . lol " 
Another Hard Day of Work In Orange ... sounds like a book title and the genra should be Horror . lmao 
Oh no i have a war breaking out with my favorite smells Old Spice and Axe . WHO WILL WIN ! 
I feel ... tummy hurt ; 0 but not as bad as earlyier . :) 
Go DJ Tiesto ! I love his music ! 
I EATED YOU CARROT . U DELISIOUS ! 
The only problem with wanting to learn many different things is remembering how to do them all . 
Going on vacation for four days . Going to see my mom ! Illinois here i come . only a 4-5 hour drive . EXCITEMENT ! 
I want to see how to plan a trip to the gulf to voulenteer to help with clean up . Who wants to join me ! Let me know if you want to join me . Maybe UMSL college will help me too . 
I\ 
want to see how to plan a trip to the gulf to voulenteer to help with\ 
clean up . Who wants to join me ! Let me know if you want to join me . \ 
Maybe UMSL college will help me too . 
Your capacity to believe will determine what you get . 
People will pass up steak once a week for crap everyday . hahaha Thank You \ 
' < PROPFEMALE > Arcade ' for this lovely quote . 
Iwant to see how to plan a trip to the gulf to voulenteer to help withclean up . Who wants to join me ! Let me know if you want to join me . Maybe UMSL college will help me too . 
I love when you wake up at three in the morning and then you cant fall asleep ... :( 
Yay for Thai Pizza ! 
You rock my gaming world \Steam\ " . cuz i shur do love discounts " 
Three days till the big move . Im really not excited about lifting heavy furniture . lol 
Wow , moving sucks horribly . Thank goodness its over . well ... no i have to unpack . :( 
Just when you think or done ... your not 
I don't know if im crazy but , i don't like being bored . lol 
I want to sing , the i hate Sun . song ! Who is with me ?! 
I'm going to celebrate my birthday on the 3rd of September . At The Island Bar on Manchester , around 9:30 -10 O-Clock . Bring cameras/ video recorders , smiling face , and have fun . 
YAY MY B-DAY IS COMING ! 
The Island Bar\ 
14560 Manchester Rd . \ 
\ 
Ballwin , \ 
MO\ 
63011\ 
Time : 10:00 pm\ 
September 3rd\ 
My 22nd B-day\ 
see you there 
Oh My ! That was such a great party ! I Thank You ALL for coming . 
Great . I have to close and i go to school in the morning . Why do i even tell my job these things if they are just going to ignore it . 
My eyes are burning , does that mean im tired ? Answer = Yes . lol 
I need new glasses mines are all scratched up ? Maybe that and some contacs . Oh wait how much is that again ? lol 
This is for anyone\ 
Come to Shmitts bar on the 17th\ 
located on < PROPFEMALE > ( or is it ashby , Im really sure its on < PROPFEMALE > . ill do a double take . )\ 
at 10pm\ 
LET ME KNOW IF UR COMING . \ 
I hope to see you there ! 
Party ! \ 
At Schmidts bar\ 
on page\ 
( right past woodson if your coming from 170)\ 
SEE YOU THERE \ 
( no cover charge , bring ID ) 
All RIGHT ! HOPE TO SEE PEOPLE TOMORROW AT THE BAR ! ITS GOING TO BE A BLAST ! 
Even tho our place ( schmidts bar ) didnt work out , because of my horrible planning . ( karaoke on sat only ) we went to Houdini's . Not bad , but i still love The Island bar ! Thanks to everyone who showed up . I had fun ! 
Wow ! Thanks storm . I really wanted to go to sleep . ;( 
I wish i loved being confused because it happens all the time 
Sometimes you put walls up not to keep people out , but to see who cares enough to break them down . 
What should i be for Halloween ? Tell me your ideas ! 
You Don't EVEN Know !!! ShareLocation : The ComplexTime : 9:00 PM Saturday , October 2nd 
hurt my finger today at work . 6 stitches and they put a hole in my fingernail to ease the pressure . I was moving beams on a bay end the beam slid down the bay as my finger was resting on one of the many squares . took all the skin off my fingertip and was pushed up to my nail . my nail is black and they almost had to remove it . ugh hard to type with one finger 
If you look in my injury folder and click on the pic that looks orange and out of place it explains the story in more depth 
I NEED IDEAS ! Halloween costume . What Should i be ?!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Wow really school . You wont let me go to school but you wont let me quit either . C'MON! 
Candyland is on Nov 6th at the complex :\ 
http://www.facebook.com/event.php?eid=122729897779786\ 
And Booty Halloween is October 23 at the Koken < PROPMALE > Factory :\ 
http://www.stledm.com/yaf_postst75_Sat--102310--4sho-presents--Booty-Halloween-7-BASS-IN-SPACE--Koken---18.aspx\ 
I'm stoked ! Much love , doll ~ \ 
CANDYLAND 2 ! \ 
Share\ 
Location : The Complex\ 
Time : 9:00 PM Saturday , November 6th 
Thanky < PROPMALE > . Im using ur song for a school project . LMAO 
YAY I'M GETTING MY STITCHES OUT ! 
Makin < PROPFEMALE > Halloween outfit . Wish me luck . woot woot 
Ok its not a Techno Woodland Elf but a Raver Woodland Elf . lol 
Off to clubbin i go . wish me luck . I hope for it to be awesome . 
Yay , my room is half clean thanks to < PROPFEMALE > my roomie . I cant wait till my room moves from more that half livable to fully livable . LMAO 
IM GOING TO CARVE A PUMPKIN ! 
I LOVE YOU HALLOWEEN 
Yay my pumpkin . hes a from a magic card . NERD 
I should not be up . oh how i hate home depot and its schedules sometimes 
When will the drama just die and whither away into nothingness . That will be a perfect day . 
Its really hard to do homework or read when one of your eyes is dilated . 
I really like Apple Chips . Mmmmmm 
Heck Yes ! Clubbin Tomorrow night . I Love You Techno . lol 
Yay ! I ( so far ) Didn't need to buy a new lap top ! Alllllll thanks to my B/F . \whew \"" 
Heck yes to Interdependency Status for Financial Aid , It only took almost a whole semester . Thanks UMSL ... 
YaY ! I got a new lap top that doesnt suck . 
R.I.P. Grandma , I love you . 
DDO here I come ! HURRY UP AND LOAD ! ( Dungeons and Dragons Online ) Wish me luck ! 
Hahaha level 3 . oh its so sad . But so far I'm liking DDO 
Woot , in a guild with my friend and its awesome . lol Nerd i am 
Ugh , I do not like using data bases to find info i can find faster on google . 
Wow , the Kinect for the 360 is awesome ! I love playing the dancing game . My new favorite 
Well\ 
i finally lost my fingernail , not really how i wanted it , especially \ 
not when my finger hit the door as i was leaving . ( It was as if i was trying to use my nail to close the door ) :( friggin hurt . And \ 
now my finger went back to looking creepy . lol 
ThanksMas was good . I love family traditions . lol 
Now if i only had a spell to get rid of stress , Oh and get paid without having to work ! LMaO 
Im only Happy when it Rains , Pour your Misery down on me - Garbage 
Im only Happy when it Rains , Pour your Misery down on me , - Garbage ( this is how life tends to feel , to bad we cant actually be happy when sh ** comes pouring down on our lives ) Ps . sorry this sounds emo . lol 
Yay for workout time ... right ? lol 
so tired and yet so much work to do . Arg 
Thursday is last day of the semester . Woot ! I cannot wait to actually have a day off . Sucks to not of had one in 4 months 
Wishing i could get out of this funk I'm in . 
Wow i just finally finished my research paper , then have to wake up at 4 to go work out at the gym and then go to school . Such is life ... 
Tomorrow is going to be a buisy day . I hope to get everything done , and still have time to see my cousin . ( cross my fingers ) 
First day off in four months . What to do ! Oh , bills ... lmao 
Interesting ...... 
I thank my b/f for the awesome Dragon necklace i wanted and some kick a ** earings to go along with it . :) < PROPFEMALE > X-Mas 
YAY ! I love singing ! if i had 3 wishes one would be to sing professionally ! 
< PROPFEMALE > X-MAS TO EVERYONE ! 
Don't forget , the 8th is when we dance . Who's with me ! lol 
The Upstairs Lounge and the Complex are having things go on the same day . I'm going to try and see both . Are ya with me ?! For those younger than 21 I believe the Complex is best for you since The Upstairs Lounge is 21 and up . 
The Upstairs Lounge and the Complex are having things go on the same day . I'm going to try and see both . Are ya with me ?! For those younger than 21 I believe the Complex is best for you since The Upstairs Lounge is 21 and up . Im thinking of hitting up the Complex first . Hmmm lol 
OK PARTY PEOPLE ! I'm going to the Complex first and then The Upstairs Lounge . Both of them are $5 dollars to get in . Complex is 18 to enter 21 to drink and The Upstairs Lounge is 21 to enter . The Complex is the Polar Bear Bikini Bash and The Upstairs Lounge is playing Dubstep Techno . They are both on the 8th of < PROPFIRST > starting at 9:00 Please let me know who wants to go so i know to find you 
Electronics Fear me , Friction and Electricity love me ! I don't love them back , I do love Electronics . Oh how horrible the circle of pain is . They Call me Zapperella ! 
Well i just got off work , Wasn't too bad , but im SUPER TIRED ! Good Night 
< PROPFEMALE > thank you so much for telling me to see Tron . It was awesome ! 
Karaoke This Weekend ! Woot ! Im excited . If any one wants to go ( saturday ) let me know ! 
If the weather is super crappy we are going to go to Houdini's bar instead . \ 
9517 Lackland Road\ 
Overland , MO 63114\ 
( 314 ) 890-9315\ 
but for now we are still set on going to The Island Bar\ 
The Island Bar at 9:00 \ 
14560 Manchester Rd\ 
Ballwin , MO 63011-3933\ 
( 636 ) 527-9790 
9517 Lackland Road\ 
... \ 
Time to get ready and go ! Fun fun fun 
O wow ! Had tons of fun at The Island Bar . Hope to get more people to come next time . Eating at that breakfast place afterwords was the most hilarious and embarrassing thing ever and it was great . hahaha 
Being Sick Sucks ! 
OMG MY HALO JACKET IS BROKEN . Im sooooo freakin saaaad ! 
It would be super awesome if i could go back to sleep . I mean ... like .... C'Mon WHAT IS THIS ! 
Why in the world does my western < PROPMALE > teacher want to skip the medieval times . I WANT TO LEARN IT , SEE THE AWESOME NESSSSS ! 
