had a great time at Mom's birthday . It was wonderful to see everybody ! 

just got home from camping . We conquered a waterfall while white water rafting ... Pictures coming soon . 
I just returned from a treacherous mountain bike ride with my husband . It would have been an amazing view if I had the guts or skills to look away from the narrow , winding trail . 
We bought a kayak off of Craigslist last night . Once we got it into the apartment it started making strange noises . 
NO WORK FOR 10 DAYS !! 
What is more 1950's .... polka dots or stripes ? 
There are 105,000 calories in 30 pounds . 
Thanks for the birthday wishes ; so far it has been delightful . I enjoyed a wonderful visit with my mom :) 
Northern Quest just paid for my birthday dinner 
Time for some A Team action :) 
Getting my fireplace fixed any minute now 
Now I am REALLY getting my fireplace fixed this time !! Yay 
Procrastinating homework once again . 
Trying to decide what to make for dinner ... 
What's the difference between a spring roll and an egg roll ? 
Done will homework for the night :) 
Done with homework for the WEEK ! Just one more day of work , then Everclear at the Knitting Factory tomorrow night :) 
Is being called \buddy\ " offensive ? " 
What first , business or accounting ? 
Got some homework done , now its finally time to sleep . Lucky for me , < PROPMALE > tidied up and vacuumed before he went to bed . Thanks honey :) 
Just got home from Kohl's . I got a shirt and a dress for $3.26 ( including tax ) ... I saved $97 ! 
I'm not up late ... I am up early . Super early , but Happy St. < PROPFIRST>'s Day ! 
Final exam in accounting tomorrow ... hitting the books tonight . 
The time and effort I spent sorting my groceries onto the conveyor belt at Wal-Mart was wasted because the clerk unsorted everything while bagging it up . 
< PROPFEMALE > Wah #13 and #14 with a side of sweet&sour pork ... yum . 
http://cgi.ebay.com/ws/eBayISAPI.dll?ViewItem&item=280487142198&ssPageName=STRK:MESELX:IT 
Just returned from a family visit to Sacred Heart ... Heading to the airport soon to pick up < PROPMALE > . Let the weekend begin . 
Finished my homework for the week 
Considering WinCo instead of WalMart for groceries this week . 
< PROPMALE > sent me inside ... it seems I am of little assistance in truck repair . 
I just woke up from a nap ; its almost bed time ! 
I can't fight it .. I am going for a walk . 
Not that there is ever a good day to work on cars ... it sure feels good to hear the 4 Runner finally fire up ! 
I just upgraded my kayak .... can't wait to try it out !! 
Just got home from NO FX :) 
I've been waiting since September for the next book in the Sookie Stackhouse series and in May it will finally be out ... but I can't find out when in May- not even Charlaine < PROPMALE>' official website . 
I love walking in nature ... even in the rain . 
Going for a short walk ... I've got a ton of homework to do when I get back . 
Face to Face is playing the vans warped tour !! I am super pumped !! Now I just need to find out how far I have to drive and what day(s ) to take off . 
Kayaked Latah Creek this afternoon- and had a blast ; even though I ran into a tree . 
I just drove all the way to school to hand in a couple assignments just to find all of the doors locked . I guess when it comes to evening/weekend classes its only one or the other . 
I need some motivation to do my homework ... It isn't real hard , I just don't want to work on it . I'd rather exercise , or clean my house ... or play Tiger Woods 10 . 
My husband challenged my mother to an arm wrestling match . 
WHY did I procrastinate ? I have 3 assignments in one class and 1 in another due today ... plus , I need to get ahead with assignments so I can go on vacation in a couple weeks ... I have about a dozen assignments to work on ( not counting today's 4) !! 
3 down ... now I'm going to school to hand in some assignments , and hopefully go swimming ;) 
I heard long ago that you burn more calories digesting celery than are in it ... and just learned there are other \negative calorie\ " foods : " 
We checked out Cabela's yesterday for the first time ... and it was amazing ... I could live there I think . Then I tried paintballing ; which was a blast ! 
Spent four hours paddling yesterday-saw some nature , including a couple bald eagles . 
Heading to ArtFest , and maybe a car show ... Homework is on pause . 
Just got our power back . 
My living room is piled high full of camping and kayak gear- one more day of work then I get to Tetris it all into my cobalt . Roof racks were a good investment . 
My living room is now back to the way it was Friday- littered with camping gear ... but worth it !! 
On my way to start my final in Quickbooks ... it may take 3 classes to complete , but then I am done for the summer ! 
I hate litterers . 
Back to the real world ... 
tried to explain to < PROPMALE > that flat water isn't boring , it's leisurely ... but I have to admit that white water is much more exciting ... if only the river wasn't so high ; I'm a chicken and it doesn't help that people keeping drowning in it . 
Going to spend the day in CDA at the beach 
Couer D ' < PROPFEMALE > was pretty fun- I didn't swim ... too much wind . Downtown Spokane for fireworks tonight ; cake and icecream right now :) 
I don't think I will ever be too old to appreciate fireworks . 
If someone lays a foundation for you to offer them a favor , is it mean to ignore it and not offer ? 
The water levels have finally dropped- hopefully this weekend we will kayak the river . 
I need a haircut 
Work today went amazingly smooth ... What's better ? Its Friday , payday , and < PROPFEMALE > ! 
One day of work completed after a weekend of kayaking , disc golf , swimming and hiking ... somehow I still watched a few movies too ; and TrueBlood of course . 
Going to Stanfield in a few days :) 
Heading out to go kayaking- upper Spokane river this week . 
I thought the upper was a lot flatter and calmer than the lower- but no ... I tested my skills today for sure- And had a blast :) Now for grocery shopping . ( yay ) 
Big plans for tomorrow cleaning , running errands , and packing for my Stanfield trip . I'm thinking I should prep some meals for when I'm gone too . 
amazed by \Super Humans\ " on the History channel " 
Excited for camping this weekend 
I want a lot of things 
< PROPFIRST>'s Warped Tour : Face to Face- Here we come ! 
Ahh- What a good time 
I accidently worked it tonight ... I was waiting to buy a pitcher for < PROPMALE > , and some guy bought it for me ; I tried to decline- but he insisted . Ha ! 
Heading out tonight- back Tues or Weds 
First Heaven Sent demo went pretty well . Come see me at Huckleberry's tomorrow 11am-3pm ! 
bumblebeetuna 
Last day of vacation ... what to do ? 
Good bye summer 
I re-realized the last couple of days that I really do like my job ... its not that I ever stopped liking it , but had forgotten that I enjoy what I do . 
Scatter sunshine all along your way . Cheer and bless and brighten every passing day . ( Lanta < PROPMALE > Smith ) 
101 yard return -- nice work Seattle ! 
demo'ing frozen dessert this weekend 
Two wrongs don't make a right- but three lefts do . 
If any of you will be in north Idaho today , come see me at the Sandpoint Super1- I'll be demo'ing frozen dessert ! 
If they accept our offer , we'll close by the end of the month !! 
The anticipation is killing me 
IT IS ON 
We sealed the deal- home inspection on Monday , and < PROPFEMALE > Wah for dinner tonight <3 
Moving tonight after work and tomoroww before work ... please stop raining . 
Our real estate agent is awesome ! 
I'm hungry 
Ahh , hot tub . 
cooking , cleaning , baking , and plumbing ... a great start to my day off 
Woke up with the song \One Tin Soldier\ " stuck in my head " 
Over-eating makes me sleepy 
Thinking about setting up the Christmas tree today 
The tree is up , decorated , and lit ... maybe my favorite part of the holidays ( except the food ) 
Change your FB profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal is to not see a human face on FB till Monday , December 6th !! Join the fight against child abuse -- copy & paste to your status & invite your friends to do the same ! 
Just beat < PROPMALE > at pool :) 
I told < PROPMALE > that today I heard a Christmas duet ... Bing Crosby and < PROPFIRST > Bowie , but I could tell he wasn't listening , so I asked if he was . \Yes\ " he said . \ " Then repeat back to me what I just told you\ " I requested .... \ " Bing Crosby had a baby \"" 
Sometimes I laugh out loud at the comments I don't make about your statuses ... 
I didn't think I had to get up this morning because I was dreaming that I was already at work ... I realized it wasn't real when < PROPFIRST > told me to go home early so I could stay late on Thursday ( new pay week ... just doesn ' make sense ) . 
I love the way it smells outside today ... something about it seems familiar 
When using the < PROPFIRST > 0 through 9 , how many 4 digit combinations are possible ? I know I have learned this before , but it was half my lifetime ago . 
If you can't beat them , arrange to have them beaten . \ 
-- < PROPFIRST > Carlin 
moody 
Safeway ... here I come 
Raspberry cinnimon roll with icecream 
I wish I had the power to make everybody happy all of the time 
Time to wrap presents !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas < PROPFEMALE > Day Morn ' 
enjoyed spending part of the day with my waterford family 
Jumpin ' in the hot tub suckers 
My ultimate vocation in life is to be an irritant . \ 
-- < PROPMALE > Costello 
First day of school ... I will spend most of my day waiting in various lines 
weird stuff going on in Arkansas 
I know its going to be a busy week when I'm thinking \It's already Tuesday ?! \"" 
How about them Seahawks ? :) 
Trading in time at the gym for a workout in my driveway 
Something Myspace has that I wish Facebook had : Karaoke 
Is January too early to have spring fever ? I really want to go for a hike or a bike ride , but don't want to do it in the snow/slush/mud/wind/cold . 
I should probably do some homework tonight ... but I really don't feel like it .... Maybe I'll think it over while I have a snack . 
I just learned this from Planet Green :\ 
Bacon contains tyramine , which increases the release of norepinephrine , a brain stimulant 
This is so funny check it out .... 1 . Go to Google Maps and click get directions . 2 . Write U.S.A. as your start point . 3 . Write Japan as your destination .... 4 . Go to the 31st point on your route . When you stop laughing , re-post this in your status so that others can laugh too ! 
I'm thinking about busting out a jigsaw puzzle 
It's official : Kayanne Hashagen ... still no middle name , although I was considering \Tastic \"." 
Jones- Griffin- < PROPFEMALE > 
Now Greenbay needs to win tomorrow and my picks for the weekend will be perfect . 
Normally , I don't have a problem sleeping- but I feel like I was awake most of the night ... I know I slept for a little while though , because I had a dream so action packed that it woke me up . I was be chased/hunted by \bad guys \"." 
Just ran a mile in under 10 minutes ... I know that's not a time that will win any races , but considering that I was unsure I could even complete a mile without stopping , I'm feeling pretty good about it . 
I just got my new license ... I hadn't considered that changing my name would also change my dl# 
I guess its about time to get some stuff done around the house 
I wonder what I added to my pandora playlist that put Enya on it ... Its not that I don't like Enya , just weird when I've been listening to STP , Audioslave , Metallica , RHCP and such 
I think it is time for some no bake cookies 
Dancing like a weirdo seems to make me feel better 
Do you realize that you have a buffalo in the back of your car ? 
I'm a teeny < PROPFEMALE > little ant , checkin ' out this and that 
Is it true Oregon State basketball championship games are taking place in Stanfield on Friday ? Plus , we are in it still , right ? Is the game sold out ? How much are tickets ? 
I'm born again with snakes eyes 
Dinner , a workout , homework ... then maybe some laundry and tidyin ' up the place . 
levanta , levanta , tienes que bailar 
I think the wind blew our furnace pilot out ... I'm bundled up waiting for < PROPMALE > because I am too scared to relight it myself . My house feels refrigerated . 
Someone should take away < PROPFEMALE>'s phone 
Lycan just drank water on her own for the first time since Thurday morning . 
It's time to teach my puppy some stuff 
It is a beautiful morning ! 
