Play it cool boy . 

Packing ... packing ... moving .... Ugh i hate packing ! 
Yea Yea ... Yea yea yea ! 
There is no such thing as being to smart for your own good , but there is such a thing as being too indenial . 
im soooo tired . 
Tonight was fun :] Hardly got any sleep last night and i'm hardly going to get sleep tonight , sucks but i dont really care . its summer ! have fun . si ? 
Love is such a lovley complicated thing . Never ever easy it seems . 
I feel a < PROPMALE > bit better , still need more sleep though . I cant wiat till august ! 
I need a new good book to read , though The Vampire Lesat is interesting . I need something else for when i get bored of that one lol . Any suggestions anyone ? 
Ah FINALY ! I got sleep ! I dont look like im dead anymore ! Well i kinda do but uh the shodows are slowly going away . ;] 
I feel like adventuring ... but there's no where TO adventure to . :[ 
Woot Woot ! for Friday !!!!! 
Your so good at talking smack you heart attack but your the apple of my eye anyway . 
i wish things made more sense 
Oh god i hate being sore , anyone , pain pills please ? lol 
Woot woot ! Its FRIDAY PARTDAY !!! :] 
Finally , a good nights sleep ;] 
;[ 
I hope it rains today :] 
I'm over it 
really ? 
run run run run run run . 
Ahhh I need to do my hair . I REALLY dont want to though . hahaha . 
In Los < PROPFEMALE > !!!!! 
I here things dont have to be as difficult as they may seem , but now that i think of it , that is such a lie . 
;] Yay , hehe . 
Just put yourself in my new shoes , and see that i do what i want to do becasue the old gaurd still affends . We've got nothing left on which we depend so i waste every ounce of your bright blood and off with their heads , jump from the < PROPFEMALE > , I'm not advised 
Friday !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I hope i have fun ;] 
Sleep is good ... 
If you love me , wont you let me know . 
3 more days !!!!! 
Two more days !!!! 
Toujours en haut soulever , jamais triste , comme une fleur que son amour grandit . 
went to bed at 2 am and never went to sleep . Now its going to be 6 am and i havnt had a single wink of sleep . Sujprisingly i dont feel energy drained at all :] sawweet ! 
I had the best experience yesterday , and i feel great today . :] 
There should never be bounderies to what the heart feels and to what the mind see's . Be free ... 
Going back to work and hope if i finish earlly i get a little nap lol :] 
Good night ... for now .... ;) 
Only into the first week of school and I'm already sick . AH !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
The weekend needs to pass a bit slower . : I 
mmm ..... sleep . ; ) Good Afternoon everyone . 
Three day weekend ! Woot Woot !!! PARTY NIKKAS !!! 
I feel better !!! FINALLY !!!!!!!!!!!! 
School is out early , I'm tired and a bit sore from yoga , and very calm haha , ahhh its time for a nap for sure . ; ) 
I'm bumed : ( 
Every little thing is going to be alright . : ) 
I'm sleepy , i need to study ... ahh im to good at procrastination . I want my zoon and i hope to god things will be alright soon . 
I miss my love ... 
It's my birthday today and apparently I'm going to Disneyland and i didnt even know it . Oh ! and i got 40$ ! hahahaahahaha 
Goodmorning world . 
I officially give up . yea 
Everything just seems to be a mess today . pff ... 
ganna go paint : D 
I feel soooo much better ! 
Happy Halloween ! 
making some yummy yummy cookies !!! 
DisneyLand oh DisneyLand how much i really really really love you ! lol . And I love my new disney cotour purse !!!! 
headache ! 
I PASSED !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I'm beyond happy i am extatic . 
I'm home finally ! 
I'd laugh all the way to hell if thats where my life would take me . : ) I know it would be shit for me to go there , but I'll get myself out , I always do . 
11 More Days !!!!!! 
Ahhh ...... It's my birthday . 
L'observation de lui que toute se démêle comme s'est levée fleurissant dans la beauté . 
Today seems like it's going to be a very good day ? happy easter everyone ! 
Today seems like it's going to be a good day ? happy easter everyone ! 
Tired ? 
These bruses hurt < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > much as well my tummy hurts . But i'm still foingto be a trooper and get up tomorrow morning and go to the U of A 
Bahahahahahahaaa !!!!!!!!!! I got him hooked !! Yes !!! 
Oh to be a work of < PROPMALE > ..... 
Urg !!!! I hate when people don't do their part for the better of the grade !!! It's so not fare ! 
Planning to live in Canada because of this hot weather . 
My body hurts :( I hate having the flu ! 
Tissues have become my best friend . 
One never knows the joy they might find amongst the unwanted and abandoned . 
Making every last bit of life in me an adventure to always remember . 
Yummm Oolong tea ;p 
Call of duty at nearly 11 pm , sounds like a good way to be spending my vacation nights :) 
I refuse ! All those fishes can die and be held for ransom like chilly < PROPMALE > ! Lol 
Floating neither up or down I wonder when I'll hit the ground while the earth beneath my body shake and casts your sleeping hearts away . 
What hoe did it ?! 
Who go's to sleep at 10 ?! \ 
Ugh ! \ 
Bastards lucky I like him lol . 
How does a person go about making sexy eyes ? Lol 
Weird dream . 
Everything seems like a smooth < PROPFEMALE > cool day with oolong tea :) 
Cheach and < PROPFIRST > - Los Guys lol \ 
I love these movies . 
Any day now ..... 
theres so many people here ! 
i wish i was 21 because theres a drag < PROPFEMALE > show going on :/ i wanna go . 
I plan on staying awake until this whole thing is over . I need duck tape to keep my eyes open . 
This cereal is as hard as a rock ! 
Remember when MTV actually played music videos and inbetween beavus and buthead ? I lived that show and I miss those days . 
There is such a thing as too much peach in peach limonade . It's like I'm eating the whole fruit instead of drinking the flavor . I née to have a talk with this bartender . I called it . 
Dying my hair purple C : 
I wish all my favorite bands would become best friends and have a really really long concert together wither here or in Los < PROPFEMALE > and I would sooo pay to go see that and come back home with like a million band shirts and CDs hehe ;) 
Shutter island oooo ...... 
Off to see some dead bodies ! Peace ! 
Under the sun . :) 
Nice dream :) 
Got hit on by the apple store guy ... What a day . 
Getting lost in the stars above . 
Going to go play with guns . :) peace ! 
Relax ...... 
I wish I could see the stars as clear as they are here in the desert at the beach right now . Ah ... If only ... Soon . 
Going to go relax and get a tan on my < PROPFEMALE > white skin :D 
H2O = WET 
In the emergency room \ 
:( 
Infinite . 
What's your poison ? 
I love the smell of rain at night :) 
Rain ! Finally your here !!! 
Beautiful night . 
I've never been jealous but I'm pretty sure this is what it feels like ;/ 
I hate packing ! I always feel like I'm forgetting somethig and always something as important as my charger or my tooth brush . I think , since i have two homes in two completey different states i should just have two of everything , one for here and one for there . That'd be smart . :) 
Off to the city of Lost Angels . 
Hunny I'm home !!!! 
And we'll all float on , ok . :) 
Hello night C : 
Disneyland !!! Woohoo !!! \ 
:D 
Love will let you down . 
I think I'm gonna need a bigger closet . :/ 
So I got my schedule , who has classes with me ? \ 
Per 1 : Chemistry - Lundt\ 
per 2 : French 3 & 4 \ 
per 3 : Honors English 101 CC - Bowman\ 
per 4 : American History 1 & 2 - Shaffer\ 
per 5 : Honors Algebra 2 - Bellamy\ 
per 6 : Health Care Technology 1 & 2 - Abate 
I'm tired of this . Goodbye and goodnight ! 
I wish i could freeze time for us so that we could stay this way forever , never ageing but for ever learning and living . 
Ah ... what I'd give to go to sleep right now ;] 
At the safehouse yumm . :) 
Why dont you remember this for a change ? \ 
I DONT F ****** CARE ! 
I wish I were at the beach - Alone . 
Falling stars :) 
Breathe . 
Haven't been able to sleep since 3 30 am and I can't seem to go back to sleep . :( I wish I could find a way to relax and stop my mind from thinking so much . 
It is so nap time . -_- 
Got my iphone ;) 
I hate guys I really really hate them , and I hope he gets everything he deserves . 
Love is a temporary madness . 
I'll stop the world and melt with you . 
This goes to show that NO ONE should leave me alone to cook . I'm a horrible cook , I almost burnt down the house ! 
So I'm apathetic and I keep people at a distance , what else is new ? 
I Love you so much it hurts sometimes . So much I'd travel out into space just to look for you if i couldn't find you on earth . So much I'd waste my last breath to tell you just that , I love you . 
Getting lost in the stars . 
The lake of fire feels like cool wind . 
Ah ... what an adventure . :) 
His mood swings are starting to give me whiplash . 
I need a day where I don't have to be around those who were involved . I need a day where I don't have to deal with someone asking me if I'm alright and that their sorry for what was said . I need an away day . 
Quiet and cold hearted . 
Where is my mind ? 
Just smile and nod and make look like your paying attention , trust me , it works I do it all the time . lol 
And we all fall down ... ;) 
Sick and tired ... I wish i were still under my sheets dreaming . 
If you don't know who you are then you don't know who your not and if you don't know who your not then what's stopping you from being who you want to be ? 
Proud of myself C : 
Chilling downtown :) 
At ze Safehouse :) 
My ass is freezing . : I 
Ever wish someone would just stop talking ? 
Holy Crap Batman !!! 
I think I just fell in love . ;) 
Love myself better than you and I can't complain . :) 
Off to go see Minus the Bear at the Rialto . It's going to be great ! :) 
AMAZING ! 
Life is a painful game filled with spikes , mountains and rollercoasters sure to make your heart race and your lungs gasp for air , because it's life , and no one said it was going to be easy . 
Practicing my MAD procrastinating skills :) 
Some people were dropped as a baby you were clearly thrown against a wall . 
According to my phone this morning I had an hour left of sleep until I remembered that I'm not in L.A. right now and I'm actually an hour ahead . What a disappointing morning . :/ 
You cause unnecessary drama , Get over It ! 
They always get the best of me . :/ 
And now for my killer cooking skills . Literally . Beware . lol . 
Its a bitter sweet symphony this life . 
I wish my dreams would come true , because if that were the case I would be standing at the beach looking at the refelction of the < PROPFEMALE > blur along with the waves . 
Wisdom can only go so far when your mind is so dense . 
Getting down in the town that makes no sound . Where we keep it simple but make it more complex . 
Guitars , family and their music , with wine , liquor , a Christmas tree , smiles and laughter . It's starting to feel like Christmas . :) 
Su lastimoso cómo < PROPFEMALE > asideros quietos < PROPFEMALE > a rencilla contra alguien que no hace algo . El dicho perdón para algo otra persona hizo obviamente no es bastante . Si desea que ruegue su perdón entonces usted acostumbrado lo consigue . Este va sólo mostrar cuán bueno de < PROPFEMALE > amiga que es , obviamente no tan gran . 
I'll pick mysef up once again like i have time and time before , this is nothing but a scratch compared to the past . 
Whats you poison ? ;) 
Finished my tattoo design today finally ! And I love it ! Now I need to go look for a tattoo place . This week is gonna be interesting :) 
Don't be afraid to live . :) 
I will show no mercy for you , You have no mercy for me . The only thing that I ask , Love me mercilessly . :) 
Let the weirdness go on . :P 
If only time would stop . 
Hope you rest in peace . <3 
Your memories will always haunt me like a ghost . To put it nicely I hope you choke . You can call me at home but I know better than to answer the phone . 
I'm getting Chinese food with Kaily and I don't care about football -__- 
So I was run over and now I'm not allowed out of the house . fml . 
???????????????????????????????????? :) 
????????????????????????????????????????? 
There's a party at my house and I get to play bartender , gotta love today . 
It's official I cant cook for shit . 
Multitasking like a bonified pro . :P 
I'm not heartless I'm just logical :) 
I feel lost . 
In my old home in the city of Lost Angels . 
So I almost got killed today , again . If there's one thing that I hate about Los < PROPFEMALE > it's the freeways and the cargo trucks on it . I think I need a driver and a 24/7 body guard , it's settled . 
\Want to put my tender heart in a blender 
No one wants to live in a world without cookies . 
Music seems just as calming as nirvana , while decisions are being made , the world you once knew has flown upside down , voices and faces you once counted on to make you smile just dont cut it anymore , and theres nothing I can but put on my headphones and let the nerve drown out . A reality so far from accepting . 
Too much Arizona sun for one day ... It makes me feel sick . :/ 
I give up on you ... 
Racquetball game then swimming then Acupuncture tomorrow ... Sounds like an amazing day :) 
Relax ... ;) 
Can you say ... The Human Abstract ? :D 
There's nothing I need except the function to breathe but I'm not really fussed because it doesn't matter to me 
Can a Mexican make legit Chinese food ?.... Hmmm .... 
Its Done !! Muwahahaha !!!! 
Changeless but yet ever changing . 
I want things to go back to the way they were . I wish I had a rewind button for specifics . 
And its OFF ! To the beach ! ;] 
Smell the sweetness , in even the most deadliest of places . 
I'm going to miss you .... ;/ 
