< PROPMALE > have lot of vegetables to eat before end of week . < PROPMALE > no like eating lots of vegetables . 

So there were a lot more noodles in that box than I thought before I started cooking them . Now I have oodles of noodles to eat . Shoot . 
NPS or MIT ? 
As delicious as the fish is tonight , I think it was much better last night . Hopefully the corn on the cob and the purple potatoes get done soon . 
Accept that some days you are the pigeon and some days the statue . 
The monkey wasn't always evil . 
Sent 50 cal chunks of lead down range 810 yards today . It was almost too easy and too much fun . 
Last day home till Christmas . Tomorrow I begin the several thousand mile journey to Callao , Peru to get on the sail boat . Hopefully my lack of Spanish skills won't hurt too bad . 
is thinking deep thoughts and pondering great ponderances . 
Peru = Party 
This is me updating my status in Ecuador , < PROPFEMALE > I´m letting you know right now that I just updated my status . 
White water rafting in Baños , Ecuador . Yep that was today . 
Only two days till the states . South < PROPFEMALE > , you´ve been fun but it´s time for me to leave now . 
Off to < PROPFIRST > via Cartegena , Bogota , Miami , Baltimore , and < PROPMALE > . 
Out celebrating the end of the summer with the shippies . 
Is wearing two different sized white shoes . Woops , sorry < PROPMALE > exchange officer , at least your new shoe is bigger . 
I'm only allowed half a twinkie according to the weigh in guy . Apparently I'm 1/5 pure fat . 
My shoes are ridiculously shiny right now . Come < PROPFEMALE > in their < PROPFEMALE > . 
Hey ! There's my floor . 
I remember the days when you could get sick without sending up a special request chit to do so . 
Food and drink tonight . Let's celebrate the last weekend before school starts . 
Stocking the fridge . 
Back to school ... 
I may be slightly out of shape . 
I love chicken wings . 
I just ran more in one day than I did all summer . 
Friday night , time to go out on the town and blow off some steam from the week ... oh wait , maybe not . Gotta love being on duty . 
< PROPMALE > tired . < PROPMALE > sleep . 
It seems like there's something big going on this weekend , but I just can't put my finger on what it is ... 
Wonders how many normal people make their bed in the morning using a three-ring binder . 
The countdown is reaching its end . I need to pack some time today . 
The countdown is reaching its end ! I need to pack some time today ! 
What a great weekend . High five < PROPFEMALE > for destroying < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > at pictionary . 
I am slightly perturbed at the incident surrounding the VMA and a certain individual with the last name involving a cardinal direction . 
I love PRT workouts . 
Three things that I notice upon glancing at my desk : 1 ) A picture of < PROPFEMALE > 2 ) A giant bottle of Recoup 3 ) A shrunken human head 
Has C is for Cookie on repeat while eating cookies . 
Preparing for being a sword bearer in the arch for a random guys wedding tomorrow . Is it necessary to know the guy .... absolutely not ! 
Worried about < PROPFEMALE > 
If you don't mind smelling like peanut butter for two or three days , peanut butter is darn good shaving cream . 
Is that < PROPMALE > Uribe walking with a limp ... Nope , it's just me trying to run the PRT . 
So this is what it feels like to sleep in till 8 . 
is sneaky . 
BCS for lunch . If you don't know what that is , you probably don't go to the Academy . 
is it Christmas yet ? 
21st birthday training is awesome ! 
Reading about medieval warfare makes me want to jump out the window . 
Can you see me studying Nuclear Space Power Reactors for a master's degree or policy and management studies of government and economic factors that effect the implementation of technology ? 
Done with classes for the week . Now all I have to do is two more track practices , and a mando football game , then my weekend will start ! 
So I'm wondering how much you can actually reduce 17 million data points . 
Ode to < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Paton , \So does the color guard have to swim the forty year ? \"" 
Clicking ' Submit and Pay ' seems so final . I guess my future is out of my hands now . 
Was selected for Subs ! Wooooooooooooooooooooo ! ( 7 months ago ) .... but still , wooooooooooooooooooo ! 
Helping with SMT today . Bringing the grand total of times I've attended SMT to two since coming to the Academy . 
History paper = worst thing ever . 
By this time tomorrow I will be on the left coast . 
Dominos suggests that one medium pizza feeds 2-4 people ... or one < PROPMALE > . 
I have three words for Matlab : Veni Vidi Vici 
Finally on my way to the place where you can stand on the highest hill , look in every direction , and see absolutely no one . 
Top ten word status : So it's only one more night till I get to spend an equivalent of three full days with < PROPFEMALE > this weekend . It's been almost two weeks since I saw her last , but after this weekend it's kinda sad because we haven't done any planning for more visits . The only other time that we've talked about is when she comes up for graduation , but that's right before the summer begins . 
The best time to wear a sub sweater is all the time . Five button collar , turtle neck , that's the kind ... 
MIT here I come . 
You see , wire telegraph is a kind of a very , very long cat . You pull his tail in New York and his head is meowing in Los < PROPFEMALE > . Do you understand this ? And radio operates exactly the same way : you send signals here , they receive them there . The only difference is that there is no cat . 
Saving helpless plants and vegetables one deer at a time . 
Awesome day on all fronts . Biscuits and gravy for breakfast , < PROPMALE > sandwich for lunch , great day of throwing , warm weather , and my Rube Goldberg style pump is finally producing 20 kips . 
Today I learned how to destroy the world with the turn of a key in my practicum class . 
It only took me 17,197 words and 94 pages to describe what I did for the past year . 
Last track meet ever here I come . 
Trident Banquet ! 
No more undergrad classes for me thank you . 
Let the graduation season begin ! 
On the road . Only 2028 < PROPMALE > to go to find an apartment . 
We came , we saw , we applied for an apartment . 
Getting excited . The family is starting to trickle in today . Grad week is upon us . 
Is an Ensign . 
Just saw < PROPFIRST > Dirt at a McDonald's in < PROPFEMALE > . 
Let the relaxation begin . 
Just set up cable , phone , internet , and electricity for the apartment . Quite exciting . 
Officially living in Boston . Moving in sucks . 
Going out to explore the Bawston Cawmmons today . 
So much for beggars can't be choosers . I tried to give a homeless guy a ham and cheese sandwich and he told me that he doesn't eat pork . 
Having dinner in Lexington . So this is where it all began huh ? Neat . 
Out to the commons for chowda fest with the fiance . 
Why don't the highland games generate this much excitement ? All they are doing is kicking a ball into a huge net . 
Things that I dislike : terrorists playing wii in prison , running shorts with built-in underwear , and just missing the T and having to wait a long time for the next train . 
At the sox game . 
In Salem on a witch tour . 
Making yet another delicious meal with m'lady . 
People are incredible . Apparently this woman would rather risk her life by standing on the edge of a busy street to find shade than stand in the sun for five minutes . 
Rhubarb cake was a great idea . 
Cornbread and chicken gumbo . Looks like I might mess around and get fat at this rate ! 
Packing it up for a nice three day weekend in Acadia National Park . Bring on the mosquitoes . 
Just had some famous blueberry pancakes and now I'm ready for a famous bike ride around a famous national park . 
7 am and we've already conquered a giant hill-like thing that the locals call Cadillac Mountain . 
I've seen a lot of stuff traveling across the country , but New Hampshire's tax free liquor rest stops are among the most notable man-made creations . 
Got my first homework assignment yesterday . Read this 500 < PROPFEMALE > thesis and come back tomorrow to tell me what you think its weaknesses are . 
This almost feels like a real navy day . Up before the sun , pumping coffee into the system to get me going . 
Enjoying the last few days of being able to sleep in . I'm sure all the extra sleep now will compensate for what I'm going to be missing out on for the next two years right ? 
The MIT welcome bbq was sick . Everyone was comparing slide rules and engineering pads . The good thing about it was that the line for beer was always pretty short . 
Three hours to go six < PROPMALE > . I love driving in Boston . 
oxymoron of the day : MIT student olympics 
Winning the MIT Olympics = extreme soreness the next day . 
Off to learn about quantum mechanics . The probability that I understand the material is small , but it is still present . 
Just found out who the Stig really is . It explains a lot . 
Starting to get in the groove of this going to school thing again . You think I'd be used to it after going to school for the past 17 years of my life . 
Meeting with my research advisor today . Hopefully I figure out what I'm actually working on for the next two years . 
I've learned two things in the past two and a half weeks of grad school at MIT . 1 ) Wolfram < PROPFEMALE > is awesome . and 2 ) No matter what I might have thought at the time , I never had to solve a difficult problem in undergrad . 
Just waiting for the bus with < PROPFIRST > Brand . 
Career fairs are actually kind of fun when you aren't pressured to actually find a job . 
Back in the states after a quick trip to Europe . Fun was had . Beer was drunk . Now its time to get back to work in a big way . 
Out to dinner with the best girl in the world . 
I never knew that so many celebrities take the bus . Who wouldve guessed that today I'd be rolling up Mass Ave with < PROPMALE > Chapelle ? 
My first intermural flag football competition . Now I get to find out what I missed out on at the academy . 
First MIT test here I come . Let's hope the 10.5 hours of studying yesterday were enough . 
Taking the day off and watching Jaws on demand . Life is good . 
Picking up m'lady from school . Getting ready to dominate at game night tonight . 
The cold weather is just starting to creep in . Let's see if these Boston winters are really as bad as everyone says they are . 
Got my first MIT test back . Let's just say that I hope this trend continues on future tests . 
< PROPFIRST > Brand on my bus again . This guy must live near here or something . 
Finally got my research computer working . Now it's time to get some work done . 
Facebook lies . I've pushed the home button about a thousand times and it still hasn't taken me back to South < PROPFEMALE > . 
Just got a new printer and wireless router . Woohoo 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Paton awareness month everyone . Be aware . Be very aware . 
Just saw < PROPFIRST > McBride at the T stop this morning . He's up early today . 
Today's famous person sighting is brought to you by Ving Rhames . 
< PROPMALE > Jeong everybody . 
Just had a meeting with my research advisor . He gave me a list of tasks to do numbering 1-infinity . I might be busy for a while . 
Traffic on Mass Ave is moving slower than Uncle < PROPFIRST > . 
Flag football playoffs today woohoo ! 
Take home test Tuesday ! 
Six and a half hours working on this take home test and going strong . Never mind the four hours I spent on it yesterday . Hope that I get done before midnight ! 
Ever work on a test for 16 hours only to find one of the assumptions you made at the very beginning screwed up your entire solution ? It's fun . 
test is handed in . time to decompress 
Green line train Tokyo Drifting around Packards Corner . 
Spherical waves , barely bound states , SEMF , degeneracy , and magic < PROPFIRST > . Just don't get scattered on scattering ! 
I need some votes . Should I A ) Buy corning ware ; or B ) Making my own casserole dish out of < PROPMALE > , water , aluminum foil , and a paper clip ? 
Finally a couple days of relaxation . Whew . 
Droid X the superfantastic phone 
The swype texting feature on the droid is awesome . 
Civil war party at < PROPMALE>'s apartment today . Looking forward to this infamous bacon log . 
Last class of 101 today . The end of an < PROPFEMALE > is near . 
Study day . I should be able to learn structural mechanics and boiling heat transfer in one day . 
Done with class for this year . Yay 
One hour twenty minutes on hold with Expedia to find out that my flight coming back to Boston from Minneapolis is leaving five minutes later . Gotta love free call time on Google talk . 
Finally on my way home . I'm hoping that I don't have to go through as much trouble as I did last year to get home . 
Upgraded to first class . Things could be worse . 
Droid does status updates at 36000 ft . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all and to all a good night ! 
Heading back to bean town . I'm sure that my desk chair is missing me by now . 
Tried logging into an email account on my phone this morning . My phone autocompleted my user name as talent . I consider that a win . 
Less than a year till I'm a married man . I can't wait ! 
If your mom is or was your hero , your best friend , or just the best mom ever , if you are blessed to still have your mom or if she is an angel in heaven , paste this to your status and let everyone know you are proud of your mom , and that you love her dearly . You can replace a lot of people in life , but you only have one mom . I love you mom 
I think today is the day that the < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > cookbook is assembled . 
15 inches of snow with 40 mph winds on their way . This is going to be fun . 
19 pages on my thesis already and I haven't even started doing anything yet . How long is this thing going to be ? 
T-minus 14 hours till m'lady gets back from Texas . I can't wait ! 
English muffins round 2 tonight . 
Writing a successful matlab code is like building a 30 level tall Jenga tower by yourself . It can be very frustrating while you're working on it , but when you get done you're really excited . Then you look around and realize that no one else cares . 
Hanging out in Brattleboro , VT 
First homework down , 25 to go . 
Cool . The pack wins . 
Out getting a dresser . 
All in all a frustrating day at the office . 
