R.I.P. Christopher ... That family has been through too much ! :( 

getting ready for work ... just another manic monday !! 
At home chillin with my honey .... not looking forward to work tomorrow ! 
busy working ... can't wait for the day to be over !! 
busy working ..... YEAH ! Its Friday ! 
Enjoying a day off with my one-and-only :) 
at home sick .... yuk ! 
8 more days left until these crazy tourists are gone !!!! YEAH ! 
uggh .... wondering why we didnt get paid today 
enjoying our first day of vacation :) I love roadtrips !!!! 
we got a lil buzzed at the seahawks game :) Football is so much more exciting when your actually at the field ! 
Seaside Oregon baby !!! the coast is so damn beautiful .... getting ready to hit up the outlet mall ! 
Seaside Oregon Baby !!! the coast is so damn beautiful !!!! getting ready to hit up the outlet mall !!! yeah :) 
The drive from the Oreg on coast to Reno was CRAZY felt like I was out in the middle of nowhere in a horror film ..... not to mention all the retarded deer in the road ... but were finally here ..... RENO BABY ! :) 
having fun in reno ....... busy buying christmas presents 
Yeah :) going back to Reno for our anniversary !! 
Happy New Years !!!! This has been such a GREAT year ... can't wait to see what happens next :) 
Leave a 1 word comment that you think best describes me . It can only be 1 word . No more than 1 word . Then copy & paste this post on your wall so I can leave a word about you . 
I'll step up to a challenge from a friend ... I am out to prove that 80% of my friends will repost , I hope I am right ! let's lift up His name and make a statement ! Sadly 97% of Facebook Users will not repost this ... when Jesus died on the cross he was thinking of you . If you are one of the few 3% , repost this message 
rain ... rain ... go away , I want to go out and play !!! 
Whatever you give a woman , she will make it greater . Give her sperm , she will make a baby . Give her a house , she will give you a home . Give her groceries , she will give you a meal . Give her a smile , she will give you her heart . She multiplies and enlarges what she is given . So ..., if you give her any crap , be ready to receive a ton of shit ...... 
So ready to escape the rock ... one more month , Reno here I come ! 
\HaPpInEsS iS lIkE pEeInG yOuR pAnTs ~ EvErYoNe CaN sEe It BuT oNlY yOu CaN fEeL iT's WaRmTh . \"" 
\Proceed with certainty and total belief in what you're doing and who you are and you'll be unstoppable ! \ " ~ so my fortune cookie tells me :) " 
You may catch me TrIpPiN but I'm too fly to fall !.... Don't play games with someone who can play them better ! 
It really amazes me how judgemental some people can be . I am sure that you may be think you are oh-so perfect now but I can remember a time when you too were not such an angel sooo ... here's a quote from < PROPMALE > Marley , “Who are you to judge the life I live ? I know I'm not perfect and I don't live to be . But , before you start pointing fingers , make sure your hands are clean . ” 
\How I wish 
When someone rejects or looks down on you for some superficial reason , just \ 
remember this : A fat person can always go on a diet . An ugly person can \ 
get a makeover . A short person can inject hormones . But there's no \ 
fixing stupid . 
There comes a time when you must stand alone . \ 
\ 
You must feel confident enough within yourself to follow your own dreams . \ 
You must be willing to make sacrifices . \ 
You must be capable of changing and rearranging your priorities so that your final goal can be achieved . \ 
Sometimes , familiarity and comfort need to be challenged . \ 
There are times when you must take a few extra chances 
and create your own realities . \ 
Be strong enough to at least try to make your life better . \ 
Be confident enough that you won't settle for a compromise just to get by . \ 
Appreciate yourself by allowing yourself the opportunities to grow , develop , and find your true sense of purpose in this life . \ 
Don't stand in someone else's shadow when it's your sunlight that should lead the way 
... I feel so blessed to have such a wonderful boyfriend I <3 you < PROPFIRST > :) , a few amazing friends <3 , and an awesome family <3 ... You accept me for who I am ( only God knows why ) and I really coulden't ask for more ... 
<3 You gotta make a change . Its time for us as a people to start making some changes , lets change the way we eat , lets change the way we live , and lets change the way we treat each other . You see the old way wasn't working so its on US , to do what we gotta do to survive . Tupac Shakur <3 
Just another day in paradise .... loving this weather , and enjoying life for the moment until I take my not so wanted but needed vacation ... But good things will come of it . Ready to be a new and improved person .... fo sho ! 
~ is gonna grow weed in farm-ville and sell it on the streets of mafia wars so everyone will get the munchies and come to my cafe world ! :) 
Put me down , and I'll rise up . Tell me what to do , and I'll tell you off . Cant stand me ? sit down . Cant face me ? turn around . Point is-i don't care what you think ! 
the past is the past . I'm not the same . life went on & I've felt my time of shame & stood up & took blame been threw the pain but only knowledge I've gained ! 
-----> once had Super Powers ! but that therapist lady took them away from me = ( 
I like it on the counter , table , chair , floor , couch , bed ... dang pretty much wherever ! :p 
<3 Love like your heart is unbreakable live like you only have today and act like every dream will come true want for nothing extra and you will be truly blessed <3 
Keep your words short and sweet ... because you never know which ones you'll have to eat ! 
<3 One of the best things in life is finding someone who knows all your mistakes and weaknesses and still loves you and wants to be a part of all the craziness :) ~ I have been blessed <3 
no matter what is going on your life today remember that there may not be a tomorrow so kiss the ones you love & tell them how much you love them before its too late . 
One of those days when the past hurts more then usual and the present really isn't doing me any favors either ... 
\I'm strong because I am weak I'm beautiful because I know my flaws I'm fearless because I have been afraid and I'm happy because I have known true sadness . \"" 
Thinks that Officer Cheatum needs his eyes checked cuz I am pretty sure that < PROPFIRST > looks nothing like me ... and I sure as hell didn't jump out of the truck and take off .... just sayin ! 
When the trail is too long and hard , follow your own path . Only by doing so can you break free of other's expectations and live up to your true potential ...... Take a chance ... have faith ... hold fast to what you love ... bend but don't break ... prove them wrong ... Be about it ... live by example ~ good & bad ... know yourself ... and make it right !!! It's my time and I'm not wasting a second ... <3 
Never thought Sobriety could feel this damn good :) I use to love gettin high but now I am high on life ! Drug free is the way for me ! HELLO friends ... its been awhile hope all is well <3 
The measure of a person is not on how well she prepares for everything to go right : but how gracefully she stands up and moves on when everything goes wrong .................................. Missing all my friends and family ... hope you all know you are loved :) Love you < PROPFIRST > see you soon :) 
Counting down the days till I see your face :) I miss you babe !!! a lil over 3 days left people !!!! I'm so never breakin the law again !!! 
Guess who's back ???? Yeah thats right :) FREEDOM !!! Loving life .... Living Sober !!! <3 
Love , love , LOVE Seattle ! Never moving back to the AK :) 
How great it is to be loved by you Lord ! \ 
I start school at Everest College next Thursday , I am so excited and grateful for this opportunity :) 
<3 I'm strong because I am weak I'm beautiful because I know my flaws I'm fearless because I have been afraid and I'm happy because I have known true sadness <3 
<3 Life flies by you , so you have to embrace it ... Forget the past , cause you can't erase it ... So live the dream and learn to < PROPMALE > it <3 
says : in your arms I see strength , in your smile I see love , in your eyes I see tomorrow , and all our tomorrows ever after . Our love is my reason for living <3 I Love You < PROPFIRST > !!! <3 
<3 Live simply . Love generously . Kiss Slowly . Care deeply . Forgive Quickly . Speak kindly . Leave the rest to God . <3 
<3 Dare to explore that which you have yet to experience <3 
Good things fall apart so better things come together ... Life knocks you down , so you have to learn how to get back up .... And whatever doesn't kill you , only makes you stronger ... Loving life <3 Living sober <3 It really can't get much better than this !!! I have orientation for school today :) so excited ! 
Just spent 218.00 at Costco ... Won't have to go shopping again for at least 3 weeks :) So happy to be out of Alaska !!! 
Made a wrong turn , once or twice \ 
Dug my way out , blood and fire \ 
Bad decisions , that's alright \ 
Welcome to my silly life \ 
Mistreated , misplaced , misunderstood \ 
Miss ' No way , it's all good ' , it didn't slow me down \ 
Mistaken , always second guessing , underestimated \ 
Look , I'm still around 
First day of school today :) super excited ! 
Just got home from school , had an amazing day !!! Really , Lord ?!?! Thank you ... I am feeling so blessed !!! Life just keeps gettin better .... I am loving it ! :) 
There is nothing better than < PROPMALE > & < PROPFIRST>'s - Oatmeal cookie chunk ice cream ...... Thanks to < PROPFEMALE > I am officially addicted ! :) 
Wow .... lotsa homework last night , learning medical terminology is not the easiest thing to do ... making flashcards , feeling like a little kid again ! 
<3 Slow to trust , but I'm quick to love . I wish too hard , and I give too much . I ain't saying ' I'm perfect , but I promise I'm worth it <3 
< PROPFEMALE > <3 
I realize the hardships I have gone though in my life have been a blessing because now I appreciate the wonderful things I have in my life so much more . 
<3 If God brings you to it . He will see you through it ! Some situations are not meant for you to change . Some situations are meant to change you . <3 
Loving Life ... Loving School ... Took 2 tests today missed a couple questions but with the extra credit I ended up getting 100% on both !!! Now I just need a par t-t ime job and I will be on top of the world ! lol :) 
I AM A HANDFUL -I'm strong willed , independent , a bit outspoken , and I tell it like it is . I make mistakes , I am sometimes out of control and at times hard to handle but I love and give with all my heart . If you can't handle me at my worst then you sure don't deserve me at my best . If you are a HANDFUL , re-post ! I dare you . ... I'll be looking for the ladies who re-post . 
