Happy first day of 2011 everyone ! I get to start 2011 with a cold ! Wheeee ! Stupid annoying germs . 

Being boggled by trigonometry problems ! Ugh !!! This is making me scared of calculus next semester :/ 
mmmmm . lazy monday . It has been a while since I had one of these . Too bad vicodin not working well enough to actually DO much today . Finding movies it is . Any suggestions ? I don't even know whats out in the theater thats worth watching . 
Blah feeling sick today . Stupid head cold . Stay healthy u guys ! Being sick sux !!! Gonna go run a piping hot bath and soak for an hour . 
Happy birthday < PROPMALE > , and have a happy blow stuff up day all !!! Today is yet one of the greatest days of blatant redneck commercialism ever !!! I plan on making the best of it . Not sure where I will end up , but I want to see some good kabooms and sparkles . 
ouch , stupid impacted wisdom tooth went abcess on the night of the 3rd , so all day the 4th it was throbbing , and on the 5th the dentists were all closed . Yesterday I call and they say only walkins if you aren't already a patient . So in a couple hours I am going to walk in right when they open . Yay emergency oral surgery on my 5th wedding anniversary ! 
Ow face hurts . I went to emergency today and they took and x < PROPFIRST > and poked a probe deep into my hurt tooth . No Abcess say they . So no antibiotics for me . I need to get my cramped wisdom teeth yanked out . :( Sucks being one of the 30 million Americans with no health insurance ... My stupid jaw is still on fire . 
Woken up by an earthquake about an hour ago . Exciting morning !!! Its great when you awake to walls swaying , not knowing if you need to get up and get to a safe place , or if it is just going to roll away . It wasn't even bad enough to get out of bed , but nature reminds us that she has the power , and that we are measly insignificant squishies . I love it ! Makes me glad to be alive . 
spent the whole morning digging up photos to put on facebook . Got lots of family photos if anyone feels like checking them out . 
10:30 and already getting close to 100 degrees . Ukiah is HOT this time of year . It has been fun , but I am looking forward to going back to the coast . I am gonna get outa here before it gets to be 115 again . 
watching 1980 Shogun\ 
\ 
I understand a lot more about it than I did 15 years ago . Good movie . It is 6 hours though . 
foggy cool day . nice day for lots of chess ! * contemplates the universe * 
WOW this is some good coffee . It has been forever since I drank coffee . Damn socially acceptable drugs and their oh sooooo goodness . 
Wow , it is amazing how much staying up a few extra hours makes me HURT the next morning . Stupid psoriatic arthritis . I could barely roll out of bed and into my slippers to get to the bathroom this morning . :( I got some food and medicine down me so I should be OK soon . 
Fun Sunday . We went out to the river bar and got the truck stuck . Big Dodge turbo diesel up to its front bumper in a < PROPFIRST > sinkhole . Luckily there was a tractor available not a far quad ride away . After that fiasco we set up targets and blasted them away with various firearms . Quite an enjoyable day indeed . :D 
out of town today . going to c the kid . :D 
Poor < PROPFEMALE > is still poisoned . She is surviving right now but barely . Still paralyzed and her eyes are bleeding . Mom and sisters and I are 24 hour keeping tabs on her and helping her . Her symptoms match rat poison so far . I hope she will some day recover to her happy bouncy < PROPFEMALE > self ... It is scary to see people you care about go through this kinda stuff . Even dog people . Everyone cross your fingers for < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Ugh , its tough this morning . Hard to type even cuz of my stupid swolen balloon hand . Thing that is scaring me is my right hand is starting to do it too . I may not be able to use my hands for anything for much longer . I wish I could afford good medicine . All they give poor people like me is garbage that has been known to barely do anything since the 1950s except cause liver and kidney damage . :( 
Wow monday is already over . I better do my math homework !!! Stupid trig .... 
Yay !!! Melting broken X box 360s back together again today !!! Oh what fun !!! 1 for 1 so far , got 2 to go . 
Oh boy ! Math today ! Got 1 of the 3 dead xboxes working yesterday . 1 of the other 2 will work for sure , it will just take more time . The one that came to me in pieces with no screws at all may not make it though . The melting/fixing process requires rigidity . 
is happy to be back in school ! Campus feels energized with everyone running around freaking about adding classes and getting books , and teachers frantically trying to get curriculum rolling . Fun times these first weeks of school . 
Anybody know a good resource for < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > or qigong ( < PROPFIRST > gong ) . I need to start practicing . My normal PT and stretches aren't doing the trick anymore . They help of course , but I am looking for more low impact movement for the mornings . If I do my regular pt for 20 < PROPFEMALE > , then qigong for 20 < PROPFEMALE > utes it should help a lot with my ability to walk and move and actually do stuff . Walking around campus is kicking my ass !!! 
Good morning cyber space . I am writing to inform you all that there shall no longer be the rowling of the Pookin . Little 22 year old Pookin < PROPFEMALE > passed away this morning , between 3:30 and 9:00 AM . She lived a long , happy , very full life of Pookinating and Rowling . Many knew her as the zombie cat . This is because she actually died about three years ago , but she was too old and senile to remember it . 
so sad . I tried to update my wii to 4.2 U so I could play Metroid other M . And now it doesn't turn on any more . * cry * Time to hit the forums and figure out how to unbrick Wiis . I think I was an idiot though because I lost my backup of my NAND before bricking it ... I should have made a new one before even trying . Wish me luck !!! 
freaking A . never play chess when exhausted tired ... you will blunder your wins away over and over ... lost 20 points on 1 guy cuz of stupid blunders . :( 
Ugh , I REALLY don't want to do math today . Geh . If I don't go today then tomorrow will be the only < PROPMALE > I get for my test , which means I do not get to retake it if I fail . :/ bleh . Cmon < PROPFIRST > ! Make that brain work !!! * bonk * nope , not working ........ clarity of mind would work better if I didn't freaking hurt all the time . Ugh . Even skipped the Vicodin today . 
Looks like plans to go target shooting are off . Our out door day is currently being rained out . :( Oh the humanity !!! * cries * 
Playing probably the scariest game I have played since Resident Evil 1 ( back when it was actually scary ) . It is called Amnesia - The Dark Descent . There are no weapons , so it is kind of strange puzzly , not anything unique or new in gameplay , but OMG it is the creepiest game I have ever played ! Great fun :D 
Music and video games ftw when trying to wind down . OMG ! 
OMG TEKKEN TAG 2 SUMMER 2011 IN JAPAN !!! THATS IT , I AM MOVING THERE ! WHO IS COMING WITH ME ?!?!? 
is contemplative of the universe today . 
just wants to bang on his drum all day ! ( figuratively speaking ) 
Shot about 190 rounds yesterday with the pea shooters ( . 22s ) . It was quite fun making cans dance ! I need to get a cleaning < PROPFEMALE > for my guns . I am a bad gun owner , haven't cleaned my babies since sometime last year ! :( 
Had a fun friday night . Played munchkin and had a great time squabbling about card rules . wohoo ! That game is a blast , even though its frantic and frustrating . 
One < PROPFEMALE > two < PROPFEMALE > three < PROPFEMALE > floor ! Ugh , head hurts today ... ( even though the three < PROPFEMALE > didn't actually floor me because they were each a couple hours apart ) Probably an only 4 hours of sleep headache . Stupid neighbor dog has been barking strait since 9 am , and only quits for about three seconds at a time . I hope he loses his voice ! ( if only it were possible ) 
mmmmm , chocolate cake w dark chocolate frosting , topped with vanilla ice cream and hot fudge ftw !!!! Not used to that much sugar anymore ... but OMG yum !!! 
Finally beat Civilization V on normal difficulty with a < PROPFEMALE > earth map . Time to ramp it up and try against good < PROPFEMALE > . I wonder if it has resource cheats . :( I should read up to see what the best non-cheating setting is . 
Woot . Done with some serious binge gaming . Beat Civ 5 yesterday , and today I finished off Puzzle Quest 2 . On to the next game !!! Actually math problems . * cry * Gaul dangle flibble flap homework !!! 
OW ....... ect ..... QQ about hurting after doing absolutely NOTHING to bring it on . Stupid immune system ..... My left foot , left knee , left elbow , and left hand are all swollen as hell today for no apparent reason . I took it way easy this weekend . Didn't even go to the big party Saturday for fear that drinking and standing would make me hurt LIKE THIS ..... 
EEK ! Up too late playing Kings bounty Armored < PROPFEMALE > . Name is bizarre but it is really an awesome game ! Like an rpg mixed with Heroes of Might and Magic . Nevermind the implications of leveling up my mighty steed till it gets wings , and grinding my baby pet dragon up for 200 years till its a strong companion . Turn based strategy rpgs ftw ! 
Going to visit my daughter Krystyn today . :D It is a long drive , but it has been way too long since I saw her . Wish me luck ! Roads are slippery today . I hope the misses is in a better mood than last time . 
OMG , FALLOUT NEW VEGAS , FINALLY DONE GETTING HERE ! Time for some digital addiction !!! Wheeee !!!! 
Whee time for a math test !!! And all I wanna do is beat Fallout New Vegas ... Stupid RL always getting in the way ... 
Headed south to see the kid this weekend . Her 3rd birthday party this Saturday . :D ! 
Finally about to beat kings bounty armored < PROPFEMALE > ! Finally get to play the expansion . woot ! Fallout New Vegas wasn't long enough . * cry * only 60 hours , and I did most everything I could besides a 2nd character . 
Zomg !!! Company of Heroes online MMO ??? How does that work ? It is free to play for anyone that likes Real Time Strategy games , and has a good internet connection . The game has almost a 7 gig install file it has to download , and requires a decent video card ( most things 512Meg or higher will do ) . I am DLing it right now . I hope it rocks as much as regular Company of Heroes does . 
Today the dark gloomy personal rain cloud sets in . There is finally a game that my PC isn't good enough to play on even the lowest settings ... * cry * Call of Duty Black Ops is sooooooooo laggy on my comp that the mouse has almost a 1/2 second delay in big fights , and explosions just drop it to about 4 frames per second ... on LOWEST settings . * cry * I wonder how awful it looks on the Wii . Time to find out ! 
MATH TEST ! OH BOY ! Just have to remember A(t ) = A(o ) x e^kt and how it applies to heating , cooling , radioactive decay , population growth , spreading of infection in a population , growth of organisms , and bank loans and interest rates !!! For all of these seemingly unassociated things follow the same formula . 
Dangit . @ 2 pumpkin pies in the fridge , and I can not steal any for two whole days !!! * cry * It is ok though . I shall be plenty thankful that they aren't gone when the feasting begins . Early happy turkey genocide day everyone !!! 
3 hours 30 minutes and counting till turkey genocide day . I am thankful that turkeys taste so good !!! And for family to fest with . 
Kings Bounty Armored < PROPFEMALE > finished ! No longer shall I sail the world in my scanty < PROPFEMALE > armor , bashing forces of evil with hordes of holy minions ! It was a great game . I did skip most of the \story\ " parts due to overload of < PROPFEMALE > y themes . But all relevant information is stored in your quest book so it was no prob . Time to play the expansion ! :D ! " 
Good thanksgiving ! Maa finished making the feast before due to a two day head start . We all < PROPMALE > out in my room video gaming while having thanksgiving dinner for most of the day ! We had 8-16 bit emulators going on the Wii with stuff like Boulder-Dash , Super Bomberman , Tiger Heli , while taking turns playing Dirt 2 ( best rally racing game ever ) on the PC with the 360 control . Best holiday I have had in a while . :D 
Can't sleep . Feeling anxious about nothing at all . I don't understand why my brain won't wind down . I don't want to take a Lortab to knock me out cuz I already took them 4 nights this week . Hrmmmmm , maybe I should watch a long boring movie . That usually puts me to sleep ! 
Can't wait to see the end of The Walking Dead !!! CMON SEEDERS GIMME GIMME ! 
is currently very inspired to work on my flash fighting game engine again . I want to set up a bluescreen somewhere and take pics of a bunch of my friends in various poses so I can make my first fighting game starring my RL friends . Hrmmmm , maybe boffer fighting game ? We wouldn't have to invent props . 
is scared of his math final next week . 
Just saw Shichinin no samurai ( Seven Samurai ) 1954 all the way through . 3 hour 45 minute Akira Kurasawa black and white . Quite the epic movie for an old one . I would recommend to any fan of swordplay and samurai . 
is quite upset at studying all day long , then going to take my midterm and forgetting to eat before hand , then almost passing out right in the middle of it from low blood sugar , resulting in a D .... I am going to retake it tomorrow morning on my way out of town . I will be sure to eat RIGHT before taking that stupid 2 hour 30 minute test again ....... ARG !!! 
Sitting out in the woods . Listening to the rain . A bazillion < PROPMALE > from civilization . ( actually only about 70 ) At least there is decent internets out here still . hehehe . Now I get to try to cram the last few points worth of math redoos before midnight to see if I can pull my nose up enough to not blow up ( get a C instead of a D in my stupid math class ... ) 
On a bit of a retro spree this holiday season . I am getting an old game that I remember loving a lot . The game is Uprising . You play a command tank that rolls around a 3d map blasting baddies and capping control points , on which you build citadels . Once up , you defend them till guard turrets are done , then crank out armies of troops to do your bidding . I hope it is as cool as I remember back in 99 . Lol 
Wow . I just had a bit of a shocker . I just found the remnants of an electrical fire that started in the laundry room . The socket that the washer was in has a black melted plastic face , and the screw holding the face in is melted from arcing ... Good thing these things are engineered to contain fire . I will file that one under \Near Miss\ " on the personal catastrophy book . " 
Well , I made a trip up to HSU this morning with Scra for orientation only to find my name not on the transfer list . I need to go cause a ruccus at the admin office at CR and QQ at them about it and see if my transfer went through . On a good note though , I found out I got a B- in my math class last semester instead of the D I thought I had . She must have graded on a curve . WOOT ! No more Trig ! 
friday night woot woot ! Time to go be a dork with friends ! * cheer * 
Woke up after a long dream about the misses and the kid . Missing loved ones never puts me in a good frame of mind . At least the superbowl is today . Fellowship and socializing with friends and family should cheer me up . 
Only a few hours till I get to go pwn noobs at < PROPFEMALE > Vs Capcom 3 !!!! ( although I am also going to be a noob , so there may not be much good pwning either way ) 
Whelp < PROPFEMALE > Vs Capcom 3 is quite fun . So far the best tactic is back back , down forward fierce , down forward fierce , down forward fierce , assist , down forward fierce , down forward fierce , back back , jump away , down forward fierce , down forwrd fierce , rinse repeat . Ofcourse once any of us get GOOD this will only be a 50/50 tactic . But it is the ultimate noob slayer . As we noobs found out last night at 2 am . 
here is that cold snap that all the local farmers were worried about killing off their flowers after the false spring in January . ( stares outside at the falling hail ) 
4th day of no wheels . :( The Jeep finally decided that its problems were bad enough to stop going anywhere . Today is the first day of non-hailstorms in a while , so wish me luck in getting her fixed before the ice starts falling again ! 
Soap Box Time ! What drives people ? Why do we do what we do ? Greek mythology claims that the gods envy us because being mortal means our days will run out , which gives so much value to the few days that we have . Religious folk have the will of God to give them drive , and the faith in big rewards later for how they spend each day now . 
Just finished helping load a cord of random chunks of river bar wood into the woodshed in preparation for the upcoming freeze . Got a < PROPFEMALE > Vs Capcom 3 disc last night ! woot ! Tekken 6 and the Hori Fight Stick just got here THIS MORNING . UT OH ! I feel a 10 hour combo learning marathon coming on ! Ack SOMEONE SAVE MEEEEEE !!!! ITS TAKING CONTROLLLLLL !!!!!!!!!! 
Hmmmmm . Just beat Tekken 6 arcade mode on the hardest with 1 move . I didn't even die till the very last huge dragon boss . And that fight just took a couple rounds to realize which moves had super armor and which didn't . Tekken 6 is rather noob . At least 1 player it is . Block block block < PROPFEMALE > nuts kick punish should NOT be the ultimate winning strategy . 
Ugh , hand hurts from < PROPFEMALE > Vs Capcom 3 flash kick spam last night . Today I won't even be able to practice combos . :( Oh wellz . Mafia II seems like a cool game so far . Gameplay is not very challenging , but its a good story . It is everything that they tried to do with the old dreamcast game Shenmu , but done well , and Italian Mafia instead of Yokuza . 
Ugh , no fun . :( My foot has been swollen up and my various other joints have been killing me this weekend . Also saw the misses briefly which always tops anything with a thick layer of knots in stomach stress , which usually makes my stupid health go haywire . I was planning to get out today and accomplish , but I am not sure if I can . Sorry world , I will probably see you on the next spin around . 
the whole coast is being scared of tidal waves , and I am just having fun practicing < PROPFEMALE > Vs Capcom 3 combos ! After watching a couple hours of tsunami videos this morning , I decided to study some combo strats . Up to 1.3 million damage in 1 comnbo with 4 supers no x factor with Sentinel/Trish/Dante . ( average character health is a little below 1 million , with the big tanks having a little over 1 million ) 
Sick today . Ugh . I don't know who gave me a cold , but I have one now . Batten the hatches ! Sandbag the whole town ! I hope it isn't a big one , but I am going to be prepared just incase . It will probably be gone by tomorrow . * hopes * 
Sick sick sick .... Stupid sniffles and cough and fever and aches and sleeping all day again . Sorry to anyone else that I got sick . I should have been wearing a sneeze mask out in public . I usually do when I have the sniffles and I go to school and whatnot . I hate getting others sick . :( SORRY ALL ! 
Oh noes ! You aren't wearing green ! * pinch * 
Lol . Is it strange to feel the warmth of sunlight coming through the window while it is also hailing outside ? Such strange weather we are having these days . 
Hahaha ! I just found a way to make my broken Tekken 6 Hori stick button to work again . Online it was suggested that I take it out of its case and throw it against the wall really hard , and if it doesn't break , it will work again almost for sure . I did the next best thing and whacked it really solid with a deadblow mallet and it seems to be working fine now . 
Just got done with a 6 hour wrasling match with the F st. plumbing . Or I should say lack there of . LOL ! We have a functional main grey water drain for the first time in goodness knows how long . Now Eureka can have all our yummy grey water instead of it spurting all over under the house and yard ... Once it dries I am going to go under and do a rot inspection ........ Wish me luck . Should be a few days from now . 
Studying building interactive menus and inventory systems in Adobee Flash with Action Script 3 . Hopefully this will help me be more useful in the creation process of video games . Perhaps some day I will even be able to live my dream and get paid to make video games . It has been my dream since I was 9 years old . Now to find enough motivation to grind my skills up !!! 
Eek . Stayed up too late playing Dragon Age 2 . That game is awesome ! Though much smaller scope than the first one . Acting and combat are better though . On insane difficult its ACTUALLY HARD ! OMG !!!!!!! A difficult RPG ? Didn't know they still made those . :D 
Just got Shogun Total War 2 , Assasins Creed Brotherhood , and Two Worlds 2 last night . Time for a fun filled weekend of gaming !!! :D 
Happy mischief day everyone ! I am staying in doors and vegging on some new games as to avoid the looming storm of pranks . 
Good lord . Why are the foodstuffs that I hate the most turning out to be what my body needs the most .... First apple cider vinegar tinctures , then I had to learn to eat red onions ( blah ! ) . Followed by broccoli ( one of my oldest nemesis ) , and now COCONUT OIL !? Maybe if I keep adding foods I hate to my diet eventually I will be healthy again . lol ! 
