Don't take life too seriously . You'll never get out alive ! \ 
Bugs < PROPFEMALE > 

One more final exam and then I get 3 weeks off !!!!!! Then , summer semester starts . Yay . 
Sweet !!!!!!!! I got my letter of acceptance into the School of Nursing today ! So , for whoever it applies to , I will see you in the Fall !!! 
Children with special needs don't have an illness , so there is no cure and it's notcontagious . They want what we all want - to be accepted . Most of you probably won't copy and paste this , but will you do it and leave it on your status for at least an hour ? It's special education week , and this is in honor of all the kids who need a little extra help and understanding ! 
Thanks everyone for the birthday wishes !!!! 
So I had a new experience today . Found out one of my friends at work has a Taser and I have often wondered what being Tased would feel like . So after work , we stepped out back and I had her Tase me . Twice . Not as bad as I thought it would be , although it is louder than I anticipated . Video should be up on YouTube in a day or two . 
If there is one piece of advice that I want my kids not just to understand , but to live , it is this : There is no destination in life that you are trying to reach . It is a journey that should be enjoyed with eyes wide open and arms outstretched . Whether each experience is good or bad , joyous or heartbreaking , be thankful for it and take it all in . These are the things that make you who you are , and I love who you are . 
So here is another thought I have had lately : If you were to find out that you had a previously undiagnosed disease and were going to die tomorrow , how would you look back at your life ? With regret at the things you did/did not do ? Or would you think , well , I'm not ready to go , but it's been a good ride . As for me , I have had a GREAT ride ( and I'm ready for more) !!!!!! 
Life often reminds me of going on a great drive in a great car . Long straight roads are boring , unless you want to go fast , and then it is over before you know it . Give me a road with lots of curves and hills ! Now that's fun !!!!!!! 
Funny . I watched The Amazing Race tonight , a show that I have watched here and there for the last 5 years . I still think the same thing every time I watch it - one of these days I will be with someone who is willing and able to go on that show with me ! It looks like a FREAKIN ' BLAST !!!!!!! 
A U.S. military member is somewhere in the world tonight missing their family while you are safe at home . In the minute it takes you to read this , military members all over the world are not only saving lives , but they are also sacrificing their own lives for your freedom . It's Military Appreciation Week . Re-post if you are in the military , love a military member , are a veteran , or appreciate our military . 
JU Women's Soccer - Awesome game ladies , and hard fought . You still rock ! Be proud of how far you made it , be pissed at not getting as far as you wanted , and use it for fuel for next season ! 
aaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhgggggggg !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Aaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhgggggggggg !!!!!!!!!! In case you didn't get it the first time . 
To my facebook Family :\ 
I know many of you have already started the holiday break , so I wanted to put this out there now . I hope you all have a great Thanksgiving !! Be thankful for all you have , make plans to achieve the things that you want but haven't attained yet , be safe , and I will see you all ( well , many of you ) soon . \ 
< PROPFIRST > 
Three of the best songs ever , one band . I'd forgotten how much I love The Cure - Just Like Heaven , Catch , Pictures of You . Classic !!!!! 
If I take death into my life , acknowledge it , and face it squarely , I will free myself from the anxiety of death and the pettiness of life - and only then will I be free to become myself . \ 
< PROPFIRST > Heidegger 
Life these days is surreal . I'll leave it at that for now . One of these days , I'll write a book . 
I've finally reached the point in my life that I no longer have the time or < PROPFEMALE > for anger , animosity , or bad feelings . We have all made mistakes . I'm tired of dwelling on the ones that I've made , or on the actions of those who have wronged me . I'm only here once , and I plan on making the best of it . 
Ah , women . They make the highs higher and the lows more frequent . \ 
Friedrich Nietzsche 
A woman may very well form a friendship with a man , but for this to endure , it must be assisted by a little physical antipathy . \ 
Nietzsche ( again ) LOL ! 
Of course you know , this means war ! \ 
I bet you say that to all the wabbits . \ 
Bugs , again . Best cartoon ever !!!! 
Just pre-registered for the Tough Mudder race coming to the Miami area later this year . I'm going to do The MS Mud Run here in Jax in March as an intro . Anyone interested in joining me for both or either one ? The Tough Mudder looks brutal - 10 to 12 < PROPMALE > of obstacles designed by British Special Forces to test not only your physical strength and stamina , but also your mental !!! Bring it ! 
Yay !!!! I have one person who is going to run the Mud Run with me !!! I'm REALLY excited about it !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Ok , I need help !! I'm signed up for the Mud Run here in Jacksonville for next month . I have to raise $100 for MS in order to run . Any donation , no matter how small , will help ! Contact me if you're interested and I'll let you know where to send it ! 
Please put this on your status if you know someone who suffers from Rectal Cranial Inversion . This disease , otherwise known as Head Up Your Own Ass Syndrome , affects the lives of many . There is no known cure for Rectal Cranial Inversion , but by posting information in our status , we can raise awareness . This cause is close to my heart ... as , sadly , I meet many people afflicted with it every day 
THAT TEST SUUUUUUCKED !!!!!!!! I'm glad test 3 should be easy . Lol 
Sweet !!!!!! Signing up with CrossFit Ragnarok tomorrow during my lunch break !! Bring the pain !! For any of my compatriots who might be interested , they are only 20 < PROPFEMALE > from JU at Beach and 9A . Just saying . 20 < PROPFEMALE > utes , hour workout ...... plenty of time between classes !! So you all know ahead of time why I'm hurtin ' . It's been too long . Ha ! 
So I dyed my daughter's hair for the 1st time ( first time I've ever dyed hair and the 1st time she's ever had it dyed ) , and man !!!! That's a pain !! But , it turned out gorgeous and she loves it ! 
I went to my first yoga class ever yesterday and I'm hooked now . It was intense ! I was dripping sweat like I never have , body and arms shaking , heart pounding , breathing heavy ...... yet my mind was completely focused on the task at hand . I left completely soaked and physically exhausted , yet mentally refreshed . Awesome !! I can't wait to go back tomorrow !!! 
There is always some madness in love . But there is also always some reason in madness . \ 
Hhhhmmmmmm . Yeah . 
It's said , as you get older , you get to know yourself better . Problem is , the better I know myself , I realize how little I know !! Ha ! 
Woooohhhhoooooooo !!!!!!!!!!!! MS Mud Run tomorrow !!!!!!! Here's to getting wet , muddy , and exhausted all for a good cause and a free burger and 2 beers at the finish line !!!!! Lol ! 
I'm putting together a team for the Tough Mudder in the Tampa area in December . So far it's me , my oldest son , a friend , his brother and his nephew . Who's game for a REALLY challenging mud run ? 
