I have a strange strange family , so glad I fit in .... 

NEEDS TO ME MOOOOOJed 
NEEDS TO BE MOOOOOOOJed 
needs to know if anybody has a hatchet to chop my head off .... this headache has lasted for 2 weeks now and is gonna be the death of SOMEBODY around me ! 
Is sick of Cafe World lagging my computer out ! 
ATTENTION : READ THIS AND THEN RE-COPY IT TO YOUR OWN STATUS TO GET THE WORD OUT : If you get a notification that says a friend reported you to Facebook for being offensive or in violation of terms of service , do NOT click it . ITS A VIRUS !!! \.\"." 
Happy to have all my family home for the holidays . Hope you all have a great Thanksgiving 
note to self ... you are definitely tired when you try to log in at faceville.com 
Happy New Year to all my FB friends !! * hugs * love you all ! 
Sometimes I crave myself ... is that wrong ? 
nude 
it's time to show the world that more of us support our troops then do not ! If you support our troops then please post this on your status and leave it there for one hour !! And if you don't stand behind our troops , then please feel free to stand in front of them !!! 
Please put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who is an idiot . Idiots affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for stupidity , but we can raise awareness . 93% won't copy and paste this , mainly because they're too stupid to know how to copy and paste . 
I licked my mobile phone sliding down a hill because I'm NOT crazy . 
My fine is $695.10 
WARNING !! THERE IS A HIDDEN VIRUS IN AN APPLICATION CALLED PHOTO COMMENTS . IT COMES UP IN YOUR NOTIFICATIONS THAT * friend * MADE A COMMENT ON A PHOTO OF YOU . DO NOT CLICK ON THE LINK !!!!! PLEASE SPREAD THE WORD 
If you are reading this , whether we do or don't speak often , please post a comment of your first memory/a memory of you and me . When you've finished , post this paragraph on your own status ; you'll be surprised what people remember about you ! :) 
* sobs * why is nothing working on FB this morning ??? 
Most people would rather be certain they're miserable , than risk being happy . ~ Robert < PROPFIRST > 
When whining fails , CRY BABY CRY !!!! 
Thought for the day : The decisions we make today affect us for the rest of our lives , think wisely . 
Enjoy life . There is plenty of time to be dead . 
I went on a diet , swore off drinking and heavy eating , and in fourteen days I lost 2 weeks . 
I feel so miserable without you , it’s almost like having you here . 
play along . Go to urbandictionary.com and look up your first name . Copy this in your status and what Urban Dictionary says about your name in the first comment ... 
DO NOT JOIN A GROUP RUNNING ON FB CALLED \BECOMING A MOTHER/FATHER WAS THE GREATEST GIFT IN MY LIFE\ " !! IT IS A PEDOPHILE RING WHO'S AIM IS TO GET ACCESS TO YOUR PHOTOS OF YOUR CHILDREN ! PLEASE PUT THIS ON YOUR STATUS ALERT TO ALERT & WARN OTHER PARENTS !! THIS NEEDS TO BE STOPPED NOW ! " 
What if you're in hell , and you're mad at someone , where do you tell them to go ? 
Do vampires get AIDS ? 
You have ONE advantage over me ..... you can kiss my ass and I can't!! 
I know I have a heart because I can feel it breaking . 
Find a guy who calls you beautiful instead of hot , who calls you back when you < PROPFEMALE > up on him , who will lie under the stars and listen to your heartbeat , or will stay awake just to watch you sleep ... 
No , Groucho is not my real name . I am breaking it in for a friend . 
Relationships are like glass . Sometimes it's better to leave them broken than try to hurt yourself putting it back together . 
THE END 
\Some of us think holding on makes us strong ; but sometimes it is letting go . \ " - < PROPMALE > Hesse " 
Why are they called \hemorrhoids\ " . They should be called \ " asteroids \"?" 
Hermits have no peer pressure ! 
Sometimes you put walls up not to keep people out , but to see who cares enough to break them down . 
I never forget a face , but in your case I'll be glad to make an exception . 
Don't let your mind wander , Its too little to be let out alone . 
If you’re too open-minded , your brains will fall out . 
Dear FB : Sorry it has to end this way , but you never work . If you had kept the promises you made I would have stayed with you . However , like every other good thing , you went and messed it up . You drove me away . I shall miss the time we spent together . With love , ME 
The only good man is a dead man and they arent even worth the time to dig up 
Letting go doesn’t mean giving up , but rather accepting that there are things that cannot be . 
No one ever does live happily ever after , but we leave the children to find that out for themselves . 
Word to the power of word times infinity added to the sum of the total equal to the square of the root of word ! 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes . :) You guys are the best !! * hugs * 
It's better to have loved and lost than to have to do forty pounds of laundry a week . 
On the table . 
is getting excited about the trip to Florida next weekend ! 
People need to understand that children with special needs don't have an illness , so there is no cure and it's not contagious . They only want what we all want , to be accepted . Most of you probably won't copy and paste this . Will you do it and leave it on your status for at least an hour ? It's Special Education week , and this is in honor of all the kids who need a little extra help and understanding . 
It's better to be thought of as a fool and to surprise people once in a while than to be thought of as a brain and to let people down when they need you the most . 
I'm only me . That is all I can be . No more , no less , don't second guess . I love , I live , I laugh , I cry . I've wished sometimes that I could die . Some days I'm funny , others I'm not , sometimes I'm in overdrive and I can't stop . You may not like me , but that's okay because this is me and how I'll stay . 
YAY leaving Saturday morning for Florida !!!! Will be gone about 3 weeks , dont miss me too much !! 
Heading out the door soon , just a < PROPMALE > late . * hugs * will miss you all and San take care of my Isle for me ? Only you can lovingly touch my shovel ! 
MAINTENANCE !!!! WE HAVE A CLOG IN NASHVILLE ! NEED A PLUNGER !! 
The package has arrived safely . Thanks to everybody that kept me calm during the hell on the ride down !! If I never see Nashville again it will be too soon !!! Gonna go soak up some < PROPMALE > sun BAYYYYYBEEEEEEE 
Since I decided to go on vacation , so did my voice .... just wish I knew where it went so I could find it !!!! 
ALMOST started walking back to Kansas today . How do you tell somebody that you lost their dog while they were away ? ACK ... thank God for caring neighbors down here . Boomer is home safe and sound and I dont have to walk home !! 
Happy Mother's Day to all the mommies I know * hugs * 
loves her sister very much !!! 
Husbands come and go ; children come and eventually they go . Friends grow\ 
up and move away . But the one thing that's never lost is your sister . 
Sooooo , went to Universal Studios today ... out of the 1000's of people there ... I get attacked by a bird ... hit me in the back of the head at 1000 < PROPMALE > an hour I swear ... he then had the nerve to fly to the nearest tree and BITCH at me ... like I attacked him ... can we say ..... PSYCHO BIRD ???? 
Dear Peterbilt , \ 
How do you expect your trucks to make money when they are in the shop weekly ? 
OK , I need the help of all my women friends ... I am going to start a new truck manufacturing company ... It will be named Beaverbilt ... i figured out what Peterbilt did wrong !!! Help me out !!! Post if you like ! 
Another great laid to rest .. RIP DIO 
Have fun , be crazy , be weird . \ 
Go out and screw up ! You're going to anyway , so you might as well enjoy \ 
the process . Take the opportunity to learn from your mistakes : find the \ 
cause of your problem and eliminate it . Don't try to be perfect ; just be\ 
an excellent example of being human . 
Getting ready for the long trip back home today . Enjoyed Florida , even the air you have to chew . :) 
Home again safe and sound ... need a fire hose to clean the house ... leaving boys unattended for 4 weeks ... bad idea !!! 
Those who live by the sword get shot by those who don’t . 
Nobody really cares if you're miserable , so you might as well be happy . 
A Best Friend ! \ 
A friend that really cares ! \ 
All my secrets i can share ! \ 
There when i need a hand ! \ 
There to understand ! 
Why did the rooster cross the road ? 
It's hard being visible , so I've made myself invisible . 
It's hard being invisible , so I've made myself visible . 
People love others not for who they are but for how they make them feel . 
wants Tuesday morning to hurry and be over !!!! Maintenance can suck my _______ . You fill in the blank ! 
wants to know why FB wont let me change my relationship status to \with my hand\ " ... FB is so unfair ! " 
Dear FB friends ... i was just informed that i was a cuntasaurus < PROPMALE > cunt ... does this title really fit me ? 
.... is lil < PROPFEMALE > foofoo better ? 
Love me when I least deserve it , because that's when I really need it . 
It takes a moment to become a father , a lifetime to be a Dad . So to all you DAD's out there ... Happy Dad's Day !!! 
Anyone can give up , it's the easiest thing in the world to do . But to hold it together when everyone else would understand if you fell apart , that's true strength . 
Packing to go to Minnesota . Time to go spend time with the people that need me . 
really feeling like packing up everything and staying in Minnesota at this point . Nothing left to lose ! 
I made < PROPFEMALE > tingle and I havent even kissed her yet !!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > is complaining her tongue is too fat .... I am all over it !! 
Who did this to us ?? 
Ok I am off on my wild adventure to Minnesota . < PROPFIRST > is driving , < PROPFEMALE > and I will be nursing our hangovers and trying not to puke while he maneuvers thru traffic ! 
Alive and well in MN . Now about those chickens .... THEY ARE whats for dinner ! 
I feel like < PROPFEMALE>'s baby bird today !!! 
To all my WoW friends ... the way things look right now I will not be back online for a few years ... I found life and I am gonna live it for a while ! Much love to all of you and keep in touch thru FB or text . Will be changing my number when I make the move , but will let everybody have my new number . < hugs > 
WTB moving < PROPFIRST > from KS to MN 
The RACE has finally started .... got my drink , my bestie and NASCAR ... what more could i want ?? 
I love my friends and value all the support ... <3 you all 
Just another day ... 
does not envy people who never make mistakes . 
wonders how I could have EVER made the mistake of thinking a neurotic bitch was my best friend .... 
< beats on the imaginary door > HELLO MR CRACK PIPE !!! WHAT HAVE YOU DONE WITH MY FRIEND ???? 
OOOOH what a beautiful MORNING !!! OOOOOH what a beautiful DAY !!!! 
Lovers have a right to betray you ... friends don't . 
Have you ever felt so alone and nothing makes sense ? Well that's how I feel right now ... I feel like I'm facing everything myself , with nothing but tears and a fake smile ... 
Teflon brain .... nothing sticks ! 
Love is just a word until someone comes along and gives it meaning . 
REALLY would like to have a vehicle .... I mean it is only mine ... wtf am i thinking ? 
Letting your kids go is the hardest thing you ever have to do . Good luck < PROPFIRST > . 
Just once : I want somebody to love only me . 
Each time we face our fear , we gain strength , courage , and confidence in the doing . 
Just leave me alone ! 
My cell phone is turned off , you can find other ways to talk to each other . I am done being in the middle ! 
All is good in my lil world again . 
The only difference between your \ 
friends and your enemies is you \ 
know who your enemies are . 
Sometimes the memories are worth the pain . 
In a bad fucking mood ! 
Ok calm down girls , my bad mood is gone ! Amazing what sleep can do for you ... 
Spending the day with < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > ! Gonna be a great day ! I have the best people to spend it with . 
Soooooo , I have officially caught up on my lack of sleep . I went to bed at 8 last night and didnt wake up til 7 this morning . Now lets see how the mood is ! 
Leaving in the morning for Alamogordo , NM . Don't know how long I will be gone . Will update as things change ! 
Arrived safe in NM . It's hot so < PROPFEMALE > and I are going swimming ! 
When does this nightmare end ? 
OK , i need lots of hugs . Let's see how many I can get ! 
' Scuse me Mr Facebook JERK !!! Did I say you could steal my hugs ??? Give it back and do it NAO ! kkthxbai 
Staying at the house today AGAIN and wishing Lake Titicaca would stay home just one day with me !! 
When it snows , you have two choices : shovel or make snow angels . 
Without a struggle , there can be no progress . 
Sick of hives !! My chest is NOT supposed to be polka dotted !! 
Ok I am asking all my friends to please pray for my brother in law < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . He was in an accident on August 16 and was in a coma . I am in NM with my sister to help as much as I can . Please pray for strength for her and a speedy recovery for him . 
Fuck everybody involved ! 
Soul-mates are people who bring out the best in you . They are not perfect but are always perfect for you . 
Don't let the darkness of the past cover the brightness of the future . 
Sometimes the hardest part is saying enough is enough . 
The time to relax is when you don't have time for it . 
Is bitchy and just doesnt care what anybody has to say about it ! Screw em all ! 
To the people who think they are better than all the rest , guess what bitches ... your shit does stink , get over yourself . 
< PROPFEMALE > , Hope and < PROPMALE > just left . Let mine and < PROPFEMALE>'s vacation begin . Oh and of course she has to be sick ... some playmate she is gonna be ! 
Frustrated ... just freakin frustrated 
Hope in reality is the worst of all evils because it prolongs the torments of man . 
My friends and family went to Texas and all they brought me was BULL SHIT 
Friends that claim they have your back most often have a knife in it . 
I've carried a child within my body , I have comforted a baby on my chest . I \ 
have kissed booboos , been puked on , peed on , woke up in the middle of \ 
the night to a feverish child & more . But I wouldn't have it any \ 
other way . My body isn't magazine perfect , but when I look in the mirror\ 
... I see a Mom , and there is no greater honor ... or ... blessing . Make this \ 
your status if you are proud to be a Mom ! 
Ok they all went to Texas and they did bring me back something .... THE COLD THEY ALL CAUGHT !!! 
You can't always get what you want . 
To those of you who offer to \help\ " ... please remember help is NOT spelled B U R D E N " 
BLAH ... the word of the day 
NAP .... todays word of the day ! 
Todays word of the day is .... SMILE 
dociousaliexpiisticfragicalirupus .... that be's the word of the day 
sick of artificial ... if you cant be yourself .. then dont be around me 
I love my sister week . if you have a sister who has made you laugh , wiped your tears , hugged you , watched you succeed , saw you stumble , cheered you on and kept you strong , post this . Sisters are a friend forever . Put this on your status if you have an amazing sister that's on your mind . 
I like it on the counter by the phone . 
Why does Tuesday have to suck so much ??? 
RIP Coco ... momma is gonna miss her baby boy for the rest of my life 
every person has 1000 wishes . A cancer patient has only one : to get better . I know 97% of you won't post this . Be the 3% and put this as your status at least for an hr for those who have died because of cancer and to those who are fighting it . 
Ok so to all my WoW nerd friends :) Janabelle is now officially a Kingslayer !!!! YAYAYAYAY 
Gee mom i wanna go ! But they wont let me go !! Gee mom i wanna go ______ !!!!! 
< PROPMALE > Teague can kiss my ass !!!!! 
Why is it that when you need your friends around you , you always find yourself alone ?? Well I guess being alone IS better than having Hope come to visit ! So now I will stop complaining . 
A true friend doesn't care when you're broke , what you weigh , if your house is a mess , about your past , or if your family is filled with crazy people . They love you for who you are . A true friend can go long periods of time without speaking to you & never question the friendship .... Re-post if you have at least one true ... friend . They will know who they are .. 
Thank you to all the veterans and active duty military . :) Have a great day and dont forget to go to Applebees for your free dinner !!! 
Woke up being a BITCH !! Sick of the lazy FUCK that sleeps all day until he gets paid ... then he stays out all night .... Get off your dead fucking ass and pretend you are not such a drain on society < PROPMALE > !!! 
Numb 
Coming down with a cold I think :*( 
Can't sleep :( 
All I want for Christmas is a DIVORCE !! 
Mr. President , \ 
I hear you would like to freeze pay rates for soldiers starting next \ 
year . Would you also consider cutting your own pay to save much more \ 
money for our country ? While you're at it , let's cut down congressman's \ 
pay too . If the people who risk their lives don't get an increase in \ 
... pay , why would we continue raising pay for those who take no risks but \ 
put us in danger ? Keep this going ! 
Gee my hair smells terrific !! Better than < PROPFIRST>'s on his WORST hair day ! 
Happy Thanksgiving to all . I have lots to be thankful for this year . Only thing I would change right now is I would love to be spending it with my kids . 
Thankful it is all over and cleaned up ! 
So ready for December 7 !! Cataclysm here we come ! 
Gonna try going back to bed and getting out on the OTHER side ! 
Change your FB profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal is to not see a human face on FB till Monday , December 6th . JOIN THE FIGHT AGAINST CHILD ABUSE & copy & paste to your stat to invite your friends to do the same . 
Just cant get excited about Cata .... to me it seems to be more CATAstrophic . 
As we celebrate Awareness Month , please copy this status if you know anyone , or know anyone who knows anyone . 
Things that make you lol ... Madison : Mommy I love you . Sandi : I love you too . Madison : Come wipe me . 
< PROPFEMALE > just keeps crackin me up ... < PROPFEMALE > : something stinks . Me : what's it smell like ? < PROPFEMALE > : DINNER ! Me : tell me how you really feel . < PROPFEMALE > : I dont feel anything , i'm expired ! 
Why is a Christmas tree better than a man ?... ( answer ) ... It stays up for 12days & nights , has cute balls & looks good with the lights on . Keep this going girls !!!.. 
* So let me get this straight . < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is getting his 8th divorce , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > is possibly getting married for a 9th time , < PROPFEMALE > Spears had a 55 hour marriage , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and Tiger Woods , while married , were having sex with EVERYONE , Yet the idea of same-sex marriage is going to destroy the institution of marriage ?? Really ? * I invite you to repost to your < PROPFEMALE > if you agree - Proud to support equal rights . 
Was in a super foul mood ... Madison and I started decorating Christmas cookies . After lots of messes and laughs , my good mood is back :D 
Going home for Christmas .... hope we get there in time ... Santa seems to be giving me everything I have asked for this year :D 
I am home and I even made it on Xmas day !! * note to self * never leave boys home alone for 4 months ... gonna take me 6 months to clean it all up ! 
Pay it forward 2011 : I promise to send something handmade to the first 5 people who leave a comment here . They in turn must post this and send something they make to the first 5 people who comment on their status . The rules are that it must be handmade by you and it must be sent to your 5 people sometime in 2011 . 
You and I wake up in jail together .. Using only 4 words , what do you say to me ? Note : If you comment you must copy and paste this to your status so I can comment on yours as well . Be a good sport and play along ! 
Needs heat ! 
My PARENTS : They made me do chores , go to church and school . They gave me curfews , get a job and work for the things I wanted . They've insisted that I do my best in school , my job and take pride in my work . I grew up with morals , good work ethics , respect for the laws and my elders ! I thank GOD for my parents !!! ~ Copy and paste if you agree ! 
I hate winter !! My house is 40 degrees with the furnace on !! The pipes exploded in the kitchen from the cold .... have had NO water for 2 days now . The landlord finds this acceptable !! She told me the weather will warm up next week !!! WTF ??? 
Moving .... what a joy !! 
Think I am finally ready to say goodbye to WoW 
