I am still working at camp and it is amazing . 

I don't want camp to be over ... 
I miss all my friends I made this summer already :( I hope I get to see them again ... 
A day can be so wonderful ... 
:) 
Therefore , since we are receiving a kingdom that cannot be shaken , let us be thankful , and so worship God acceptably with reverence and awe -- Hebrews 12:28 
I do not have anything on my mind at this moment . 
My grandma gave me my first new laptop today , and I am so happy about it :D 
Why is there a faded pink spot on my computer monitor ? Does anyone know ? 
Missionaries are needed on the island of Saipan ( near Guam ) and Palau . If you think God is calling you , please contact the Missions office at Walla Walla University . Or let me know if you need help , so I can get you in touch with someone in charge :) 
\Be on your guard ; stand firm in the faith ; be men of courage ; be strong . \ " -- 1 Corinthians 16:13 " 
... discovering new things about myself . 
A whirlwind of many deep thoughts are sustaining my mind -- I think I need to grab a pen and paper and write it all down ... 
I wonder what God has planned for me sometimes ... I can't see the whole way though yet . What could His plan possibly look like ? But I think I just need to try harder to trust that life is unfolding as it should -- trust that God is there to < PROPFEMALE > me through the difficult times -- and trust that their is a bigger picture . 
is filling out tons of paper work -- I want to finish it all so fast and get it over with :D 
I wish I didn't have this curse of being so highly allergic to the grass pollen during the summer season . Everywhere I turn to look I see grass -- I can't seem stop sneezing , itching my eyes , and constantly needing tissue . * sigh * I just want to be completely cured -- no more allergies . No more ... 
COME STAY IN OUR BEAUTIFUL HOUSE ! \ 
\ 
Come live with us in this coming academic year ( starting this fall season) ! It is a beautiful house located in Walla Walla , WA . We are looking for someone who fits the following :\ 
-- Must be female\ 
-- Should be pretty clean and neat\ 
-- NO partier people\ 
-- Must be non - smoking\ 
-- Must be responsible and pay rent on time\ 
Please contact me for more info . 
Come live with us in this coming academic year ( starting this fall season) ! It is a beautiful house located in Walla Walla , WA and only $220 per month with three room mates ( female only ) . We could use one more girl ! Please contact me for more info :) 
wondering what's next ... 
We could have another room mate at our house in College Place , WA :D Contact me if interested ! 
Thinking a lot ... Hmm ... 
La La La La La .... 
Looking foward to many things ... 
Shot photos of < PROPFEMALE > the other day -- It was fun :) 
so many surprises ... 
has a new guitar today -- YAY ! 
Done with MiVoden . Finally moved into Walla Walla . And I'm so tired from cleaning ... 
will be working in the media department -- And I'll be the photographer all year too :) 
Going to classes tomorrow -- Scary . 
everything is just so interesting ... 
I could'nt have gotten through life without all of God's help ... 
dhofuqpffmlggnl'\Hghgshn;ll " 
Woah . 
is going to make some changes -- good ones :) 
If you are a Walla Walla Community College student , or if you know of one , you may be able to model for a special project I am working on ( an ad that will be displayed ) . Contact me if you are interested , and you can get your portraits done by me for free ! 
Oh no ... I have another head ache coming on . What is going wrong with me ? :( I think I need to drink more water . 
I need another job . Anyone know of one I could have ? 
I want to go sledding :) 
I am leaving everything in your hands , God ... Completely in your hands . I am not the one who has power and control or who knows what is best ; I am weak and need you . 
Wow ! Thanks everyone for all the Happy Birthday wishes ! That makes me so happy ! It was so amazing ...!!! 
So productive ... 
is going to learn how to cook . 
Making changes ... 
My roommate is deciding to move into a new place ( because she found a less expensive place ) . So now I really need a new roommate because I can't afford full rent . Would anyone be interested in moving in with me ? Or having me move in with them ? I really need room mate right now , or I am going to be in trouble :( 
is such a happy girl ... 
... and it all comes together beautifully ... 
Agh ... Some people are so creepy > : l 
I felt a hard rock like object as I laid my head down against my fluffy pillow . I then sat up , shook the pillow , and out of the pillow case came my long lost silent cell phone . 
... so blessed . 
I will need many models for up coming photography projects -- Send me a message if you want to be one ! 
Time goes by fast ... It makes me wonder ... 
I dislike technology ... I will not ever take an online class again > : ( 
It's a good day . 
needs to remember what she says , so she does not repeat herself to the same person anymore ... 
... an awkward situation . 
A beautiful two bedroom one bathroom house across the street from WWU is available for rent right now ! Only $225 plus utilities per month . Thats a really good deal ! If interested , please contact me ! 
I don't understand why some people call me \little girl\ " ... Ridiculous ... " 
I have General Psychology , Developmental Psychology , Biology , Public Speaking , and more book subjects for sale ! And they are cheap because I like you :) 
$190 PER MONTH AVAILABLE RENT IN COLLEGE PLACE , WA ! -- I have a beautiful upstairs house available to rent starting this September for the rest of the academic year ! The house is furnished , has your own room , a back yard , and located just across the street from Walla Walla University ! Rent is only $190 a month ( utilities are already paid for ! ) Let me know if you or someone you know is interested ! 
I finally received my very first < PROPFEMALE > sting ... Right on the bottom of my foot :) 
I need a job . 
dreamer . 
