... omg , OMG , OMG !!! I finished revising Code Name Blood ! Finally after so long ! It's done ! I'm finished fiddling with it at last ! My long hours of stupid revisions are over ! I'm so happy ! * does happy dance * :) Squee ! 

Spending four-five hours preparing a manuscript for a high ranking publisher isn't easy and it is very frustrating . What's worse is only after sending it did I notice the < PROPFEMALE > print on their website , ' manuscript style guidelines . ' Now after reading it I f 
Another rejection from a big name publishing company . I sent them a query only to get it back twelve hours later saying it wasn't right for their list . The funny and sad thing about that is ... on the website it said on average it takes 12 weeks to look ove 
is so overly tired from a great sleepover at < PROPFIRST>'s with the group . 
is trying and failing to wrjte two new stories . Needs to figure out why < PROPFEMALE > hates me so much . 
... Much too much is enough for less when wanting so much more ... But only if its in the same direction as the want and not the opposite . 
I am happy , competely and utterly happy for the first time in a really long time . :) 
It's hard enough putting up a pool's steel siding with not enough people to move it easily . It doesn't get any easier after getting the siding into the holders only to find out we had the brackets the wrong way and had to take it all down and redo it agai 
I have figured out that I have become very sensitive to yelling , which isn't a good thing . 
Losing my mind today , be sane tomorrow ... a good system . 
Going to a cook out with my family on my father's side .... I don't want to go ... 
Back from family cook out . Wasn't as bad as I thought it would be . Baby < PROPFEMALE > was so cute . 
I think its my cat < PROPFEMALE>'s goal in life to put at least two holes in every single article of clothing I own . :( she sucks . 
Just got back from my cousin < PROPFEMALE>'s salon . Cutting off split ends and straightening it was only the beginning . I got long bangs now :) 
The storm is really bad tonight .... I don't like it ... 
Went to the renaissance fair . GOT TO RIDE AN ELEPHANT ! Also got a hena tatoo and a sunburn ... sunburn is not pleasant but not a surprise . Had so much fun today . :) 
is happy because is wrapped up in warm soft blanket I just grabbed from the dryer . :) I am so comfy . 
... one word ... writer's block . The silent but deadly killer of stories . 
is having extreme loss of faith in writing skills . Being that I can't even write the beginning of this one story ... Tis sucks ... :( 
is meh . Needs to find something to do before summer ends and school unfortunately begins ... :( 
is worred ... about stepping onto another sinking stone and not having anyone want to pull me up again ... 
never wants to grow up , because adults only talk about one thing ... work . 
is sitting in the family room with big brother sitting on his computer alittle away . He is screaming and yelling and banging before going back to his state of silence and then starting up again . He has been doing this for a half hour now and I am getting very scared so I will be relocating to the living room where it is relatively safe in my house until my dad gets home . 
NO ! NO ! NO ! OMG ! I just got hit ... writer's block ! GET IT AWAY !!! WAH !!! 
was just yelled at by my oh so great big brother < PROPMALE > because apparently I didn't pick up the phone fast enough for his liking when it was ringing because I didn't know who the caller was . 
wants the school building to go burn in a huge fire ... can't help but think that once this school year starts everythings going to change somehow ... 
THERE ARE SIX PEOPLE TOTAL IN TREBLE CHOIR !!!! AHHH !!!! GOD SAVE US !!!!! ' ... and god said down from the heavens , treble choir needs more members ... ' .... amen ... 
... Why is it that its only him that can make me cry over things that are usually so small .... 
has finally got my dress for home coming . 
is really sick . Tis not fun at all . :( 
Isn't selling any coupon books for choir fundraiser ... people in my neighborhood suck . :( 
Is steadily getting better from my sickness but now is coughing like death is trying to take my lungs . :( 
had < PROPFIRST > say some awkard last words before the weekend to her . Quote , \I DOMINATED ! \ " .... Then she just walked away ... Strange words ... " 
Just went to get food with older brother , < PROPMALE > . He drove .... I'm lucky to be alive right and now I am partically deaf from him controlling the radio . :( 
I'm always saying things I don't mean . And this time I said something so bad and I don't know how to fix it ... 
I FINALLY learned something dirty in spanish . Quitarse la ropa , which means to take off one's clothes . But if you put it , Nos quitamos la ropa , it means to take off each other's clothes ! lol ! Nos Levantamos , to get each other up . LOL ! 
Our washing machine just breathed it last breath and then died on us . How sad . Let us take a moment of silence for the death of our washer ... rip ... lol 
My life is like a rollar coaster right now and I HATE rollar coasters ! Gah ... I need a < PROPMALE > to breathe ... 
Is it too strange ... to have scars I don't ever remember getting ...? 
Everything is screwed up and the worst thing is whatever happens I'm dragging down myself or someone who doesn't deserve it ... I don't know what to do anymore ... 
\You're not my type . \ " Someone said that to me . But what I want to know is ... what is my type ? What am I in other people's eyes ? " 
Wish me luck . I'm about to do something very stupid . 
Argh ... feels sick all of a sudden ... 
I flew twice today ! And I did not like it one bit ! < PROPFIRST > knows what I'm talking about . hehehe . 
alittle hyper , alittle giggly , alittle tired , alittle exhuasted , and really lonely . 
\ Mr. Killer How many humans can a bullet go through ? \ " \ " Let's find out ... \ " Bang . \ " 1 ... \ " \ " Little kid ? \"" 
Reporting in : Today I witnessed an act of true kindness . This leads me to conclude that this world is not just full of assholes , but still has good people in it too . This was a pleasant surprise and made my day . :) 
Owie ! Owie , owie , owie ! Bad rope burn on my thumb .... stupid belaying in school ... :( 
Boondock Saints is the BEST movie ever ! 
Couples , couples , freaking couples ! EVERY corner I turn I see couples kissing , making out , cuddling , hugging .... GAH ! So depressing !.... * broods * 
Another three detentions ... GOD I'M SICK AND TIRED OF STAYING AFTER SCHOOL !!! WAH ! I don't wanna go anymore ! 
HAPPY THANKSGIVING EVERYONE ! Have a good day and eat lots and lots of food ! lol ! Really though , happy turkey day guys . 
I have exactly 37 days to finish writing my novel that isn't half done and find a publisher for said novel . If I do not succeed I will fail in my dream that I have strived for for the last three years ... I can not fail ... it's not an option . I must succeed ... 
HAD AN AWESOME NEW YEAR'S < PROPFEMALE > AND DAY WITH MY FRIENDS !!! though , alittle disappointed about not getting any waffles -- DAMN IT < PROPMALE > !! :) 
It's my birthday today ! YAH ! 17 finally ! 
Finals tomorrow and friday ... 0.0 ... STUDY STUDY STUDY STUDY ! 
Writer's block ... lonely ... hating my life right now ... 
Got a new hair cut . 
I'm so sick and tired of seeing people so happily in love ... 
My eye is a bit less swollen today ... I'm glad . :) 
All the swelling around my eye has gone down . I'm very happy about that . 
Finally got a new coat . It's so warm ! :) 
Just found out that I've been saying disheveled wrong since I learned it many years ago ... :( I still like my pronunication better ... -.- 
I don't know what to do . I need proof of residency in order to get my state id which i need to get on the airplane for new york but nothing has ever been sent by mail to me ! Anything that has was collage stuff in september and that's all ripped up and thrown away by now . I don't know what i'm going to do ... I need help ... 
It is a 1,000 dollar fine in Galesburg Illinois to beat rats with baseball bats ... Random fact of the day . :) 
I had a very weird thing happen to me today . An old woman I didn't know came up to me , touched the end of my hair , and said , \Oh you have very pretty hair . It's so soft . \ " ... I don't know how to react to that ... " 
Doing my paper . Tis do tomorrow ... :( 
In sixteen hours and counting , I will be on a plane to NEW YORK CITY !!!!! WOOO !!!! CAN'T WAIT !!! :D 
I'M SICK !!!! AND IT SUCKS !!!! 
NO MORE MOZART ! NO MORE REQUIEM ! YEAH !!!!!! :D 
I'm never going to talk to my mom EVER again . 
Is now getting a 71 percent in math ! So happy ! :D 
Can't believe I am , but I'm watching probably one of the worst animes ever made ... I couldn't help myself . I need to know how it truly ends ... I'm watching , \Inuyasha : The final act . \ " I feel so pathetic . And there's only one more episode to go ... " 
Muscles so sore ... Argh ... I blame stupid foam sword fights and stupid friends who started said sword fights ... Owie , hurts alot ! 
Went over to < PROPFEMALE>'s . Didn't get any homework done . Did see her cross a makeshift plant bridge to steal fire from neighbor's only to have fire still fail . I conclude that it was a fun day . :P 
Is it just me or are commericals becoming less relevant to the product being advestised and stupider ? 
Tired of helping others with their relationships and not being able to get a relationship of my own . Still glad though that my friends trust me enough to talk to me . :) 
I almost died tonight ! < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > + Car + Speeding + U turn = nearly tipping over the car ! WAS SCARED FOR MY LIFE ! 
ITS HOT !!!! NEED AIR CONDTIONING ! 
THANK YOU SWEET JESUS , IT'S AIR CONDITIONING ! I FEEL AIR CONDITIONING AT LAST IN MY HOUSE ! FINALLY ! 
Working outside today on the yard . Covered in mud .... Not happy . 
There is a big difference between getting distracted and looking for distractions ... I think I might be the second one right now ... 
Got my ticket , got my dress hemmed , and got my hair appointment . All I need now is the guy lol ! Any takers ? Jk . So excited for prom next week ! 
Have reached the 300th < PROPFEMALE > of my story . Really isn't as exciting as reaching < PROPFEMALE > 100th .... Almost done though which makes me SO HAPPY !!!!!!!!!!! 
Back from Prom . Twas depressing for some reasons and amazingly awesome for others ones . All in all , I had a great night ! 
It's HOT OUTSIDE !!!! 
I ALMOST PARKED A CAR TODAY ! AND I'M A LITTLE HYPER ! 
Was only in the sun for about an hour ... Got a sun burn all down my arms ... :( not fun , not fun at all . 
is trying to study for finals , deal with lossing friends that graduated , keeping sane in this summer heat , and deal with problems that are well beyond my control . 
has been pulling out sunflower seeds from my shirt and bra all day because of certain friends ... -.- 
OMG , tomorrow's my last day as a < PROPMALE > ! 
SCHOOL'S OUT FOR THE SUMMER ! FINALLY ! 
It's raining , it's pouring ; the old man is snoring . He went to bed and he bumped his head and couldn't get up in the morning . SO MUCH RAIN THESE DAYS !!!! 
Finished Dragon Age ; Origins today ! So proud of myself !!! :D 
Really tired of getting nowhere with literary agents or publishers ... 
:( I have to write my synposis ... 
Is it natural to become increasingly more depressed as I dwell further into trying to get a literary agent and/or publisher ? :( 
Missed an opportunity to take a great picture today . Don't know why that makes me so sad . Maybe it's because I just watched Dear < PROPFIRST > . Maybe it's because I've been feeling like crap all week . Can't write , maybe I have writer's block . Don't know . All I see is that blank < PROPFEMALE > and no words come ... Nothing makes sense right now ... 
The first rejection always hurts the most ... until you get to every rejection after ten ... I hate agents and publishers ... 
My mood can be said in one word . \Arghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh !!!!!!!!!!! \"" 
Air conditioning is broken . Dad's mad . So is life today . :( 
Air conditioner is still broken . Guy coming out tomorrow to look at it . Spending the night in a hotel because its 90 and above in the house . :( 
It's Fixed ! It's Fixed ! Air conditioning glorious air conditioning ! The air conditioner is finally fixed ! 
I have the hiccups ... :( 
Going to see my yiayia and pappou tomorrow . I have a funny feeling I'm going to be bored . 
I keep expecting < PROPFEMALE > to walk through the door any minute , though I know she's six hours away in southern illinois .... :( I miss her , alot . 
I think I might have a hyperactive fear of bees ever since that one stun in the neck years ago ... :( 
Tried to do the \50 things about me\ " thingy and was on #45 when my demon laptop decided to delete everything I wrote ... I hate my demon laptop .... -.-" 
is excited that my sister is coming home tomorrow !!!!! :D 
< PROPFEMALE > is back . My excitement beforehand was gone instantly arrival when she refused a welcome back hug . :( Not going out to eat tonight , though Dad said we would . I shouldn't have wasted my excited ... now i'm just hungry and tired . 
\They are the voices normal people hear sometimes .... \ " < PROPFEMALE>'s quote of the day . God help us all ... lol " 
Can't stand much more of this writer's block . I'm going to go insane !!! 
ATTENTION ! Friends still in high school , when is your LUNCH period ?! Mine is 3 for first semester and 5 for second semester ! 
going to writer's club tomorrow , is looking forward to it . :) 
I AM BORED !!!! ENTERTAIN ME ! BWAH ! :D 
Want to rant about things building up in my life , but don't have anyone to rant to ... I feel kinda dizzy ; maybe I should have eaten something before taking advil ... 
Profile hijacked by < PROPMALE > Curtin . :P 
Had a fun night with friends . :) 
Best friends are supposed to make you happy ... right ? Then why do I feel so bad after just talking to mine ... :( 
My pants were stolen at school today . :( Not fun . 
You know you've spelled it hopelessly wrong when even Microsoft Word doesn't know what you're trying to write . lol 
\LET ME HAVE HIM ! Oh please let me have him ! I could do such nasty things to him ! \ " - < PROPMALE > Froglip from ' < PROPMALE > ss and the Goblin ' . Awesome quote lol " 
So sore ... so many fitness tests ... not fair ... ICE ! I need ICE ! 
\I'm cuddling it Vegeta . \ " \ " It's dead Nappa . \ " \ " NOOOOOOOO !!!!! \ " -Dragon Ball Z Abridged . lol " 
Got to play in the park during gym today ! Awesome ! 
What I learned in self defense in gym ; when being attacked or about to be raped do not shout help , no one wants to get involved . INSTEAD shout \fire\ " or my favorite \ " LET GO OF MY BABY\ " that way people will help because they think a child is involved ... " 
So since all nuns are ' married ' to Jesus Christ , does that make him a polygamist ? 
The demon seed inside of my stomach hath proclaimed that I am to be in pain and discomfort all night . :( 
I would like to know why things can't be simple for me for once ... 
Went to the eye doctor today . Apparently my prescription has changed and now I've got a stigma in one eye ... 
So you think Fight Club , Inception , and Shutter Island were psychology thrillers ... You haven't seen nothing until you've seen Memento ... 
I'm so tired ... of all this confusion , second guessing , and overthinking ... I wish I could sleep it all away . 
I feel like an idiot for believing a jerk's lie . -.- 
Got hit directly in the face by a ball during gym ... again ... I need to invest in better reflexes ... 
You and I wake up in jail together . Using ONLY four words , what would you say to me ? 
I finally got contacts !!! They are in right now ! :D 
This is what happens when you leave yourself signed in ! This is me hacking < PROPFEMALE>'s computer ! MUHAHAHAHA ! 
I am now offically a student at Joliet < PROPMALE > College next fall . 
Rope burn ... not fun :( 
is in the agonizing process of becoming mind numbingly bored ... Not too far off from it ... :( someone save me from this boredom . 
Happy Thanksgiving ! 
I hate writer's block ... -.- 
I'm sick ... not fun ... :( 
Had the most horrible day ever ... and yet i've found some peace as it gets to the evening . 
Another day , another rejection from a potenial literary agent . * sighs * I hate my life ... 
My sister , who is in college , didn't know that dividing by a decimal you get a bigger number than what you started with . 
Friday I will be in the hospital for a Hida scan . Oh what fun ... not ... -.- 
Got my prom dress today . Very happy with it . :D 
SPRING BREAK !!! YEAH !! 
I don't understand why things can't go my way for once . 
Although it may not be what I want it to be , I have to believe that reality is better than this ... 
Going to do the jjc compass test tomorrow . not looking forward to it . 
So apparently , if you ask for a discount on your taxes at < PROPFEMALE > tax and tell them its so you can buy food , they'll send you a free pizza . No joke , happened to my brother tonight haha . 
The Musical ' Thoroughly Modern < PROPFEMALE>' was awesome !!!! 
In Saudi Arabia , a woman reportedly may divorce her husband if he does not keep her supplied with coffee . 
Apparently I just can't be a good daughter to my mom . :( 
Laser tag was AWESOME ! Too bad five 18 to 24 year olds ( my group ) was beaten and I mean BEATEN BAD by like eight 6-8 years olds . Little ninja monsters ... -.- 
So light-headed and dizzy right now ... :( 
Like my status and I'll tell you :\ 
1 . How we met :\ 
2 . My first impression of you :\ 
3 . What I like about you :\ 
4 . Favorite memory of you :\ 
5 . But if you like this you must put it as your status so I can like your status 
... and my hell begins . Parents and sister just left for southern illinois for a funeral . Until Sunday night , I'll be stuck with my devil of a brother . God help me . 
ATTENTION EVERYONE : I'm in dire need of the book west side story , but barnes & < PROPMALE > isn't selling it . I was wondering if I could borrow a copy of someone's and if they could bring it to me cause I have no way to get rides at this time . I need the book by tomorrow at the latest . PLEASE HELP ! 
:( i got sick .... not fair .... 
Prom's next week . Don't have a date . Sad , isn't it .... :( 
Was just randomly jumped by two of my friends , Jori and < PROPFEMALE > , at Target . It's been a weird day . 
Feeling down ... :( 
My last choir concert was tonight . IT WAS SO SAD !!!! I'M STILL CRYING BECAUSE OF IT ! I'LL MISS CHOIR AND ITS MEMBERS SO MUCH ! 
I'm a high school graduate !!! :D 
< PROPFEMALE > is helping me study for the math portion of my compass test that i'm taking this friday .... I'm not sure if this is a good idea or not ... 
I got a new phone ! and it has texting this time !!! WOOT ! 
Got my hair cut yesterday . It's really short now ... :) 
I'm failing at studying for the math porportion of the compass test ... I really don't think i'll do well ... or even decent at this point ... :( 
why does nothing good ever happen when people are in ferris wheels in movies ? 
Taking the math portion of the compass test tomorrow . Can't delay it anymore ... Wish me luck ... :( 
SO ! I'm finally done with the math portion of the compass test ! Am alittle ticked that none of the questions that were on the study guide were on the actual test , but ! I HAVE PREVAILED ! I'm going to be registering into Math 123 !!!!!!!!!!!!!! :D 
Took a beginning glass blowing class earlier . Made an awesome looking paper weight . Am I lame ? Yes , yes I am . :P 
