Tryin to find a job or three in Florida before I move there 

so i think I'm gonna end up selling cars ... I start training tues and I think I'll be able to do it rather well just gotta beeee myself ... whats up foco ? 
Nicholas :( noun ) 1 . Usually a man of the gentleman class . Said person normally exhibits an out going nature , but is distinctly introverted . Many of the expressions of said person will be mysterious and enigmatic to the point of making no apparent sense . These creatures tend to excel in theoretical or academic fields . 
Let's see who is paying attention .... Every single one of you are on my Friend list as a result of a conscious decision . I am not only glad to count you as friends but also as family ! Let's see who in my Friends list actually pays attention . Copy and paste this in your stat ... us . On your mark ... get set ... GO I'm paying ............ attention .. 
Ok everyone wish me luck . I'm officially in < PROPMALE > and I'm trying out a new job today ... Gotta love OJT but I need the work and I'm excited to get started update you later . 
it's too friggin hot here and I am very much looking forward to getting bac to the ftc when I can ... xmas maybe * crosses fingers * 
plan for the best prepare for the worst . hard times are coming . both true and both good things to keep in mind as you fight your way through this enriching experience we call life . I'm adding one more , beware of stupid , even if it's not yours it could be what gets you in the end . 
for all that did not get my text I will be in the fort from dec 23rd to dec 30th 
oh and i'm a year and 5 days from being officially old 
watchin highlander with the girlfriend and chattin with some friends from th ftc 
so it's 4:30 am , I've quit smoking , and now I'm going to jump back into rollerblading by using them as transportation to work ... wish me luck . 
yay day off only one this week ... blading to work was awesome . 
hey castle age friends please send me gold eggs . and join my army if you haven't already . 
< PROPFEMALE > freakin xmas ft collins 
hey foco I'm HEEEEEE-EERRRRRRRE 
Let ' s see how creative my Facebook friends are . Leave me a 1 -word comment that best describes me using the THIRD letter of YOUR FIRST name . It can only be 1 word . Then copy and paste this to your wall so I can leave a word about you . 
