Happy New Year to all !!! This is gonna be an interesting year !!! Everyone should be getting a massage this year weither in a chair or table , take care of your muscles , nerves , and energy ! 

Who has a fundraiser or volunteering services in which I can participate with my massage training ? 
Trying to build my clientele up in the < PROPFIRST > , but that's a lot harder than it seems cause people are still clueless to the true nature of massage . But < PROPFEMALE > Arm's keeps trucking til the end .. 
< PROPFEMALE > Arm's Massage and Bodywork is my business . I am a licensed Massage Therapist ( MT ) really looking to not jus work but impact the community as well .. So if you have stress or a special event . Hit me ... Atah !!! 
I am amazed on how the body can survive on coffee only for so long .... 
Been off for a sec , but I have accomplished the first part of my goals . I'm a Graduate now !!!!!! Bless the Divines 
Working hard at the Massageluxe !!! 
sorry I been gone so long . Been moving and working hard . But I still need more clientele !!!!!!! 
Had Five clients today at work , so after visiting my neice I got right ; played the guitar ; bout to watch a horror flick eating fruit cocktail . 
The only thing in life that is a garantee is change . 
Thank God to Direct Deposit !!! 
So why does the 2010 census have black people catergorized as ' NEGRO' ? People , \WHAT THE FRAK is up with that ? \ " Open yours eyes yall ! Jus cause we have a black prez don't mean nothin ...... " 
i need a mega deal on a digital camcorder ! But until then , bout to drink my Miscato 
Building my empire . Coming soon to YouTube near you !!! 
Mad I can't get Netflix on the PC or XBox !!!! 
Went to a Misa last night , and got a reality check !!! WOW !!! Ashe ! 
Yay !! UPS just dropped off the new printer and I have a photo shoot today !! Today has been good so far !! Ashe O ! All I need is a model for the phto shoot and it's on . Egun Ibae ! 
Mom's in the hospital getting surgery on her kneee today , and papa hopefully will be getting out . However you pray , pray for them that all goes well today for them both .... Ashe ! 
My job is requiring us to take classaes and get certified through them for modalities ! I need six bodies to perform free massages on for my certification . Who's with me ? 
I hate people's attitudes towards massage ! Either they be little it as if you just rubbing , or try to make it rigid and scripted . I massage from the heart , not a damn < PROPMALE > or just rubby rub on people ! Respect my game , I am a healer DAMNIT !!!!!! 
Been off for a minute , working my butt off , honing my skills and intution . Thanks for all the love yall , and hey ......... Get a Massage Today !!!!!! 
So happy I got a new job with a chiropractor and I start Tuesday .... Now we boutto get into some more medial work , and I am about to try and get back into school ... 
so ladies , if your man/friend had a snake , wud u visit his house ? 
I recieved my census papers in the mail today , so excuse me when I say it really pissed me off ... It's 2010 , so why in the fraken hell am I refered to as a Negro !!!!!!! Negro !!! Are u fraken serious ... So having a black president means what when you are still referred to as NEGRO !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
St < PROPFIRST > Today , and the < PROPFIRST > tomorrow !!! < PROPFEMALE > city here I come .............. 
Back in the < PROPFIRST > , bout to head to work in the early morning ... See u all at luch time !!!! 
My mind is wondering within the darkness of reality with only a candle light . I can only see whats in front of me , all else is just dark . My candle is almost gone ! 
Spring is here , and I know that my Bday is near !!!! The 31st is coming too soon ..... 
Watch out blackmen , a storm is coming !!! Black women are leaving us alone ! And guess what ? If sistas aren't joining the raindow clan , they hooking up with the white man .... This is not dissing or jealousy , this is hard cold facts ... Check the media !!! Food for thought !!! Brotha ! 
By theway , check out the web site , www.goldenarmsmassage.com 
Hay fever season this year has kicked my butt . I was down for 4 days sick as hell ... This is the worst allergy season since 1966 ... Be safe and heathly out there ... Nameste ! 
Just a couple more days til the 31 Bday !!! 
Thankyou everyone for your love on my Bday !! My computer is down but will be back soon .. By the Way !! I am looking for models , male or female , to come by and get a massage for my video shoots !! No joke !!! Need you ASAP ... And it FREE !!!! 
I love technology !! I got a Flip Mino for my Birthday , and I love this thing ... I made my first little video on now ... More to come though ... 
Never let no one steal your shine ... People seem to underestimate the power of my field ... And some in my field seem to underestimate themselves .... Singing that song by MIMS \Hi Haters !!! \"" 
Miss being online since I got jacked . But < PROPFEMALE > Arms is still going strong so get your massage today !!! Epecially my black men . We need them more than ever so don't play yourself . Tell the fellas ladies !!! 
This Saturday the Juneteenth celebration will be on !!! 11-6pm I plan to be there offering free massages and education to all that attend ... My PEOPLE- Be there !!! 
Changing views of people is a hard deal , but one I can't give up on ... My male MT's need to speak up and educate people about massage ... Women aren't the only ones that can give a great massage ; that's what we need to change ! Now I know How women feel when it comes to certain careers .... But I will not stop cause I love what I do !! 
When life gives you manure , smell it ( to remeber ); plow it ( learn from the crap ); plant an apple tree ( evolution thru knowledge) ! Nameste !!! Gotta go cause i have a lot of plowing to do .... 
I am so flabergasted by actions of so call professionals that I am so ready to put their butts on blast ... Would I be wrong cause the actions they have done have tooken away any respect or professionalism they have to me .....??? 
Thanks Queena Swords ! Your comment has really struck a cord and been thiking bout that ... Stop b*tching and start witcing ... I feel that more than you know ... Namaste 
I just got a drum for some drum therapy and meditation ... I love it ... The drum is the first instrument we hear ... The heart drums for you when you are in your mothers womb for 9months . Now we wonder why the drum is so universal and powerful !! Have you drumed today ??? Beat your stress away .... 
Good morning Facebook ... Hope all is well and blessed today to all my FAMILY 
Sticking up for what you believe in and feel that < PROPFEMALE > is leading you to in life is never easy . No one will understand fully what the Universe is guiding you to . So fight the fights worth fighting and let no obstcle derail you ... Names to reflect : < PROPMALE > X , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , Jr. , < PROPFEMALE > Tubman , Mandela , Ghandi , < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > , Yemaya , Obatala . Think on it !!! 
My website is up and running again , so please come by and check it out ... It's still in working progress , but it's a ste to check out ... Namaste 
\The more we GLOW 
We live in a state of illness as a whole .. This is why doctors and all health professions are so huge . Stress is the ultimate culprit ! Stress is a precursor to 80-90% of all dis-eases . Stress also ages us even faster than normal . Anger , depression , sadness , any negative emotion breeds stress . So in all , here's another benefit and reason that MASSAGE & BODY WORK should be a part of everyone's life .... Namaste !! 
You sweep my feet , I will spit on your boom .! Got it ? 
Ok !! I'm bout to get my swimming trunks and dive into the cool waters of the pool ... Hopefully there are some single women there !!!! 
High heel shoes , and beautiful toes . Places where my lips would go , not afraid to say so . Not crazy with a fetish , just know what I like , and if you got that then let me lips say HELLO . Cause I am a ** grown man .... Any questions ? 
Ok , let me get this out to all those that keep asking me about my body < PROPMALE > ... No it did not hurt ... It was just a pinch ... And I plan on getting more ... Where ? IDK 
I want my cake and to eat it too !! Why would i want some cake and not eat it ? So I want some cake !! What's your flavor ?? Serious replies only ... Lol 
What wrong with being \weird\ " ? This has been a word that has been used to describe me all my life ! Why do I want to be nor-male ? I don't wanna be like you ! Wonderful-Exquisite-Intriguing-Radiant-Devonair !!!!! " 
I love you with all my heart ... So many times I wanted to hug u , and others I wanted to kill you !! But i will always love you ; you always have a place in my heart >>> HAPPY BIRTHDAY LIL SISTA !!! Old Lady !!!!!! 
Interesting fact : Ball Pythons are known as < PROPMALE > Pythons in Africa because the < PROPMALE > families used to wear them as jewelry around there necks and wrist . So a little African history for you scared people of snakes ... If Nefertiti can wear one , can't you Queens and Kings ? True \Black\ " History lesson ... " 
Good Morning Facebook ! I now have a new friend by the name of Yoni ! She is so sweet , but still a little shy .. I will post a vid or pic later . She is my first ball python .. If you like snakes , lets talk .... if you don't don't talk smack . I like em .. Can you DIGG it , MAN ! ( < PROPFIRST > Tucker Voice ) 
Akudamatada !!!!!!!!!!!! 
I really love my baby Yoni !!! I am a big animal lover and she really makes me feel better coming home ... I held her for bout 2 hours last night and she did not move .. That's a good sign ... 
Any single Massage therapist ladies out there in the < PROPFIRST > ? I need a girlfriend . 
I am ready to leave this fraken city ! First the chiropractors , then a massage company I won't name , now someone steals my car ! 
Please look out for a Jeep cherokee , black , dented on passager side . Plate no YC2TOF . Thnk you 
So I may be going back to an old trade ... car was stolen , being sued for malpractice , my insurance company is screwing me on the suit , and now I can't work .. G String here I come , AGAIN !! Damnit !!!! 
So now ... I m no looking down a dark tunnel .... But I'm still bout to take that pill to see how far the rabbit hole goes .... Thanks Ms. < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > Thorpe ...... 
Thank goodness they found my car .... 
What the hell ?? Black people need to rally against < PROPMALE > Beck from Fox News ! This prick is discracing MLK , the civil rights movement ! Real talk ! 
I serviced a client the other day that was hesitant because I am a man . Now he is convinced ... Massage benefits have no sex . Don't hesitate because your therapist is a man Men or Women ! Remember sexual discrimination works both ways ... Male therapist have a hard time as it is ...... 
Been gone for a sec .. But I < PROPMALE > n Affect ! 
Been a sec since i been on .. But here's a thought .. I been contemplating attending school again for for skin care and mingle the practices of that and massage together with a focus on holistic natural care ... Just a thought .. But I am able to do Hot Stone Massages thanks to < PROPFEMALE > @ work donating a warmer to me .... Bamboo Massage coming soon too .... Getting it in !!!! 
I hope and pray that everyone goes out and vote on November 2nd ... Sorry but there are some crazy Republican policies at play that can affect us all .... Get on game ... It took 8 years for the country to fall ; it's not possible to change that around in 18 months ... GET OUT AND VOTE !!!!! I would like to be able to have clients covered by insurance , but they are talking of privatizing everything !!! 
Yemaya Sesu , Asesu Yemaya . Yemaya Sesu , Asesu Yemaya . Yemaya Olodo , Olodo Yemaya ..... Yemaya Olodo ... Olodo Yemaya !!!!!! 
To whom ever decided to break into my apartment and steal from me , I hope that someone get you and pull your nail beds out with gasoline rusted pliers ... You bastards will get yours if I ever find you !!! 
is a straight ally and today is National Coming Out Day . I'm coming out for lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender equality because no one can judge , only God !!! Only GOD/DESS , Ellegua , Buddha , < PROPFEMALE > , Allah , Yehaweh , howerver you wanna name the divine !!!!!!. Donate your status and join me by clicking here : http://bit.ly/9oGbM8 . 
I been laying low since the robberies , but my swag too great too be down for too long .. I don't shelter from the storm , I BECOME the storm ...... I am putting my trip on hold and would like to tell you Hot Stone Mobile Massages are on and I am a sales agent for Clear Wireless Internet ( better than any internet service w/ 4g coverage , only of it's kind and AFFORDABLE ...... Holla at me about either .... Namaste 
So I am at work online with my IPod touch using my Clear Internet . Can't do this with AT&T or Crooket . This service is fast and mobile . Business people or whomever need to get on this . And it cheaper and faster than them . Get ur order today St. Lou 
So the question is can you be in love with two people at the same time ? 
With all the troubles that I am facing , I know that I need a tattoo !!!!! So overdue , I really need a tattoo !!!! 
The hardest person to face is the man in the mirror ... 
I just finished cooking , now I'm eating duck and sipping on Moscato ... Is that like the new black thing now Moscato or I just old ??? 
Finding your niche in massage can be a hard deal ... But i know I will not work for you Walm < PROPMALE > Massage studios or doctor clinics .. You do massage a disgrace , and therapist need to speak out and stop the degradation of our scince and < PROPMALE > of Massage !!!! 
Man , being sick smacked a reality check ... So , no more smoking and looking to get things clear for the New Year ...... Fresh air ! (cough ) ... Forgot Im still in the city ...... 
Opening myself up for change has opened doors . I am blessed to have been touched by the people I have met in my life , good bad ... 
GM FB ! Just finished cookin fitatas for me and the fam ..... Damn I can cook ! lol .. Im so talented .. 
Mind so sharp I damn near cut my own head off .... 
My momma told my sis , ' With that hair style-No it is not yours!' ( even with the receipt ) .. lol 
I just finished a weekend massage chair event , and now I need a massage BAD !!!!! 
Gm fb ! Remember that everyone dies , but not everyone lives ! Are u ? 
Things have been progressing slowly , but in the right direction . Thank you ladies at the Diva and Roses event for having me !!! 
Speaking ur mind and going for what u < PROPFEMALE > is not a privillage , but an obligation for the God/dess within and above .... Free will is a gift from the Divine that sets us apart from any other creation ... Aloha Ashe ! 
Happy Single's Day lol 
/b . \ 
B v 
I am finally able to get on fb from my phone . TG ..... Shouts to Lash Loft Day Spa ... 
