Why does it seem all my friends who aren't from LA get lost in the worst parts of LA when they drive through LA ? Srsly ppl it's not that hard . 

On my way home , I saw a bumper sticker on a car that read \Teachers Build Our Future . \ " I want to show the owner of that car my much cooler license plate cover \ " Teachers Do It In Class . \"" 
In the past 24 hrs , I've watched Up , Speed Racer , and Avatar . Safe to say I've had a \mild\ " visual sensory overload this weekend . " 
Marge : Let's get some beer in you and then it's straight to bed . Homer : Beer beer beer bed bed bed !!! Story of my night <3 
Goin ' on a cruise . Be back Friday . It'll be nice to be free of the internet for a little bit . SO LONG LOSERS !!! 
Nothing like a 3-day weekend to get some rest . I sure did need it after that cruise :P 
Damn you , < PROPFIRST > Bauer , I wish I knew how to quit you . 
I can cook , and cook well . Awesome . 
So ... is doppelganger week this week or was it last week ? Not that I care , I don't look like anyone famous , but if you're going to give it a name with the word ' week ' then it better be for just one week . One Sunday-Sunday cycle ( or Monday-Monday if you prefer ) because anything else is fucking retarded . Let's get it together , people ! 
can't wait for The Hurt Locker to put the kibosh on Avatar at the Oscars this year . 
WHO DAT 
Stupid holiday . Love doesn't need a day of recognition . 
Was anyone else just watching Olympic Hockey USA v . Canada ? That was the most intense sporting event I've watched in a long time . 
The Noose incident made CNN front < PROPFEMALE > . Just lovely . So glad I graduated . 
BRING IT , CANADA ! U-S-A ! U-S-A ! 
Watch for me on the red carpet folks ... and be jealous . 
Apple.com sent me an email asking me to pre-order/reserve an iPad for its release date on April 3rd . Hmmm ... spend $500+ dollars on an iPad or anything 1000x more useful ? Decisions , decisions ... 
They say that on St. < PROPFIRST>'s Day , everyone is a little bit < PROPFEMALE > . I say bullshit , you're an alcoholic looking for an excuse to drink , which is cool , but please get your own heritage we can drink to . Happy St. Paddy's Day , lads ! 
averted two crises tonight . I feel goooooood . 
Fry : I'm not prejudiced ! Bender : Save it for the cross-burning , Adolf ! 
Easter ? Screw Easter , Baseball season starts today ! 
Another season , a fresh slate , and renewed cautious optimism . Baseball is back , baby . Go Dodgers ! 
Sooo ... the Dodgers are visiting San < PROPMALE > the weekend after my birthday ? My birthday party just planned itself ! 
It's payday , woohoo ! 
I never want to act my age . What's my age again ? What's my age again ? 
Zomg Google turned it's homepage into a working Pacman game ! 
If the Lakers and Celtics both advance to the NBA Finals this year ( which at this point seems likely ) then they could be playing each other in the Finals at the same time the Dodgers travel to Boston to play the Red Sox for interleague play in June . As a native Angelino and sports fan , let me prepare by casting the first stone : You suck , Boston . You suck BALLS . 
Lakeshow 
I'm glad that school is over . Not because I graduated ( I did that last year ) , but because now there is less traffic and more street parking around my place . 
The Northridge Quake has ruined me for life . Was 3 < PROPMALE > from the center of that one ( mag 6.7 ) , and now I don't even flinch at a 5.9 . 
It's been FIVE YEARS since graduating from Reseda High School . 
I'm watching it , I can't unwatch it ! Futurama returns ! 
forgot his phone at home . This will be an interesting day ... 
I'm glad I am moving during the month I get three paychecks . 
I may not be a GM for any of the four < PROPMALE > American sports teams , but one thing I do know is that you can't expect a top-heavy team to be a championship contender . I predict a 2nd round playoff exit ( 3rd round if they're lucky ) for the Miami Heat next season . 1000 good reasons for LeBron to choose elsewhere and he ignores them all . Shameful . 
No rest for the weary ... 
What has two thumbs and is bringing home a dog on Tuesday ? THIS GUY 
This week is the reason why I never bitched or worried about Finals in college ... because not only do they not mean much in the long run , but you can have a much worse week than finding out you got a couple of less-than-stellar grades on some tests . 
OMG INTERNET . Finally have it at the new place . That was a scary couple of days ... 
August > July 
Is it 10 days from now yet ? 
This weekend I reassembled my foosball table , rearranged living room furniture , replaced ceiling lights , fixed the broken deadbolt on my door ( twice ) , fixed the jammed garbage disposal , and replaced a tail light and windshield wipers on my car , all the while suffering through an erratic sleep schedule due to a cold and a dog with diarrhea . 
WARNING : MUNDANE STATUS UPDATE - I had a pretty darn good weekend . 
< sarcasm > Thank you , Facebook , for logging every minor detail I changed on my profile this morning , and telling the masses . You rock . Your pal , < PROPFIRST > . < /sarcasm > 
Facebook is now being used more than Google ... GOOGLE . It's strange to think that when I first got a Facebook account , there were no apps or chat , no status updates or news feed . You couldn't post * any * pictures other than your profile , anything on the wall could be changed by anyone anonymously , and you needed a valid college email to sign up . Also , the word \the\ " was still in the web address . Just ... interesting . " 
Wait , so it was 108 degrees on Monday , and today there is thunder , lightning , and rain ? wtf San < PROPMALE > ? 
So < PROPMALE > may not have the reputation today he once did , but he did get me the day off work . So thank you , < PROPMALE > , for giving me a 3-day weekend . 
I am obsessed with pumpkin flavored foods ... 
IT IS INTERNATIONAL CAPS LOCK DAY I AM SO EXCITED CAN'T YOU TELL 
A polar bear just pooped in its pool right in front of a crowd of people , me included . Now that's what I call a successful zoo trip . 
I'm still seeing T-Mobile commercials that bash AT&T even though AT&T is about to acquire T-Mobile lolz Verizon ftw 
Yey baseball :) 
Google = WIN on April Fool's . Type \Comic Sans\ " into Google and experience the horror . " 
Any day is a good day when you can blast \Twist and Shout\ " from your car speakers . " 
Happy that my new CA Driver's License finally arrived with a spiffy new photo ( as opposed to that awful one taken when I was 15 that I had to < PROPFEMALE > around for the last 8 years ) 
A big thank you to all who helped make my Facebook < PROPFEMALE > , Gmail inbox , and cell phone explode yesterday , and to those who managed to wish me a happy birthday in person as well . You all have literally made my life ( in a good way , I promise ) 
Stuck at home since my car decided to not want to start this morning ... 
I just got Rick-Rolled by my TV .... 
Watching Jeopardy Kids Week makes me feel really fucking smart . 
Zipper swam for the first time today :) 
Arbitrarily deciding what to post in Google+ and what to post in Facebook . You'll just have to read both ! MUAHAHAHA .... -_- 
< PROPMALE > props to Netflix for adding all episodes of < PROPFEMALE > Trek : The Original Series AND The Next Generation to its streaming service . 
Raided < PROPFIRST > for apples , pears , pies , cider , fudge , and more with < PROPFEMALE > as part of our anniversary celebration 
I won my first official APA match tonight ! :) 
Just when I needed a pick-me-up , \I Just Can't Wait to be < PROPMALE >\" comes on my iPod on my way to work . The Lion < PROPMALE > FTW . " 
The power may be out across the county , but at least I can still update my Facebook status . 
Unexpected bonus of the blackout : being able to stargaze in the middle of a big city 
Watching The Lion < PROPMALE > in theaters , but NOT in 3D . Fuck that business . 
I broked my phone , so if for some reason anyone needs to get in touch with me , I would suggest NOT calling or sending me a text 
Got a new phone and lost my contacts ( but kept the same number ) , please text me your number with your name to help me retrieve them . 
