Nothing like getting stuck in your own driveway ! 

Here comes another great weekend , starting it right with Friday off and I even got up early and cleaned up some of the house . I would love to have a big party here with all my family and friends , but I live a little far from most of you for that , so I pr 
running around the house in circles 
wow what a fourth its been cloudy , < PROPFEMALE > and rainy all day , but I still have a few big fireworks to let off .... I love sparklers lol 
There is a gremlin on my back that needs to be strangled 
Alright ! no < PROPFEMALE > over today 
wish it was still the weekend , with the fire still going , and a drink in one hand , or in each , ah yes nice and toasty 
ah a good night , good food , watched the twins win , and had plenty to drink , ah ya a good night indeed !!!! 
ah ya another weekend , too bad its pretty much to cold to ride , but on the bright side , I might just getting something done this weekend . ok ok maybe not lol 
oh what to do on a friday night ... any suggestions ?? 
whew need a new place to land 
watching \The Hangover\ " oh good times lol " 
doing some laundry lol 
Oh life is sweet lol 
Whats up ? 
Hell ya , might just get the bike out again today an tomorrow if we are lucky enough to see that 60+ weather ! 
I don't know , whats on your mind ! 
Ah its such a nice night , I need to be out doing something in it , it will probably be the last of a few for the year 
Tis the season to be sick , yaay !!! 
relax , not much is going on today . 
Bored out of my goard ! 
woo hoo back to work , atleast I feel better now 
Halloween , one of my favorite nights , all the freaks are out 
Zombieland Rocks !!! funny as hell 
Hell ya time for a ride 
Just rolling on ! 
riding the sporty , ah I need to move to some place that this is the coldest it gets lol 
oh what to do what to do .... with the rest of my night 
doing some laundry and cruising around town on the bike in between , hell ya its a beautiful day if anyone else wants to join 
ah a nice night for a cruise , such a beautiful weekend , its a shame its almost over 
ah I cant wait for thanksgiving 
ah somebody just shoot me , please 
blah blah blah 
Hell ya christmas is going to be early this year !!! 
Out and about , goin crazy ! 
Ahhhhh !!!!!!!!! 
ah here it goes again 
oh here and there , gotta keep that hamster wheel spinning 
How is there so many idiots in this town with a license to operate a vehicle , and who ever keeps handing out the passing grades needs to be smacked , I can't believe all the stupid shit I have seen this weekend . Don't get me wrong , my driving is horrible , but these people scare even me ! 
slightly less than human , can you tell 
This phone rocks ! Its hard to believe that its so much more powerful than our first pc ever was lol 
Happy new years to everyone ! 
Riddle me that ... 
Monkeys , monkeys , monkeys ! everywhere , all a bunch a f'in monkeys ! 
... and I oops my hammer ! 
? (?????) ? Please put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who is an idiot . Idiots affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for stupidity , but we can raise awareness ...... 
Ah ... another day in paradise ... 
Now that's what I'm trying to figure out , how the hell am I suppose to tell you and everyone else ? 
gone ... snow crazy 
Floating along in the ocean snow 
looking deep into the abyss 
Anybody with a snowmobile want to pull me around behind them on a snowboard with a ski rope ?! 
hates when you run out of toilet paper in the bathroom ... somebody help ... please !!! 
Time to get my paint on ! ah haha 
Mad downloader ... hahaha 
whoa I feel good ! 
Oh just another depressing looking day , I need to get out of the house and enjoy it a bit ! 
Strange ?! 
getting the hell out of Dodge ! 
If I only had two brains ... 
damn I hate concrete walls and hammer drills ! 
wow , got the house looking like a house again and then some thanks to dad and mom coming up and helping over the weekend ( dad working most of it ) , dad works like an energizer < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Ah ya its all coming together now , no more living room furniture in the bedroom , haha 
Oh I love such horrid things ! haha 
ah well a what an end to a day full of whats ... 
first drink good ... 2nd drink great ... why is my face is completely numb ... wtf 
Woohoo ! Got my contacts back 
I can feel it in the air 
I get my exercise done on a sportster 
\So can you tell me what exactly does ' freedom ' mean ? If I'm not free to be as twisted as I wanna be\ " haha " 
Holy Hell there are some strange goofy mother fuckers out there ... wtf 
Damn , I really must be getting old ... I completely forgot to shut my truck off when I got to work this morning , wow 
Oh ya , got to love a private 3D movie showing at the theator on your birthday , although it rocked it was kind of strange being the only two in there haha 
getting a little house work/cleaning done ... nothing like spring cleaning ! 
Oh what a day what a day ! 
This weather blows 
I'm alive !!!!! Thought that grimlin was going to get us for sure ! 
Snow wtf , really come on , I am so tired of this shit ass weather , where's the sun and 70's ?! 
Ah what a hell of a trip , good times haha 
Hack hack ah I think I just hacked up a lung and watched it run away ! 
Oh somebody shoot me , put me out of my misery , hack hack 
loving the Kansas weather 
loving the beautiful weather ! 80's and a bit of rain 
Ah ya , got to love the classic Tuesday nights ! lol 
sweet just installed a custom rom on the phone and overclocked the it to 850MHz 
Sweet just installed a custom rom to my phone and over clocked it to 850MHz 
Ah weekend relaxing , can't beat it ! 
Gotta love tornado weather , there was a nice looking funnel cloud forming but went back up already ! 
Just floating away 
It all seems so dull and pointless , I can't wait for a little vacation ! 
Bring on the storms already , it's to hot and boring the way it is now anyway ! 
damn , I have a hellacious sunburn only on the right side of my legs and it kills to walk , I can't tan for shit this year ! 
hmmm , I see how it works 
Where got an early start this morning ! 
Today is looking to be a beautiful day , to bad it just means its a good day to mow as well lol 
One more day of work then 6 days off lol can't wait to be hanging out with the family on the lake in just two days 
We have a spreadsheet nazi ! lol 
Ah finally here in paradise ! 
Damn I could use a good hour or more long massage after today ! 
On the road again 
Back to the grind 
floating away in this meaningless void of nothingness ... 
Wish I were still on vacation , that would be the life 
I hope today isn't going to set the pace for the rest of the week , damn 
What the hell , I need a permanent vacation , this place is insanity ! 
Oh its going to be a hot humid miserable day , hope your ready to sweat ! lol 
Oh , what a day ! Monday set the bar , Tuesday Wednesday and Thursday smashed the hell out of it ! I hope Friday doesn't feel the urge to annihilate and dominate . I want a peaceful easy start to an even better weekend . 
Damn , interference is a bitch 
It's so much better when everyone is in , are you in 
Bring on some nasty lightning , lol hit me baby come on 
hmmm no such luck , damn 
One more ride b4 the nights over ! 
Time to hit the pillow top 
I need a vacation again , boys when we planning on snowboarding next ? 
need to get out of this place before I go crazy ! 
Think I've done lost my mind ! 
Ah Tuesday night , a welcome break in the busyness that has become me lol 
Oh damn I'm not going to get enough sleep tonight 
Whew , had a little to much fun at the meeting last night , not so good for today ! 
This humidity sucks , never have I sweat so much standing still ! 
Ah the good life ! 
Oooh so much fun things to do today , not oh I'm going to need a drink tonight 
Keep holding on when on when my brain is ticking like a bomb 
If I could I wish it all away 
Grab the bull by horns 
whoa , didn't know I had any carpenter skills lol 
Mhmm fried pickles are pretty damn good ! 
What you been taking , it makes you talk real slow 
Ah ya , just finished laying the carpet ! 
And I wish there was something Please tell me there's something better And I wish there was something more than this Saturated loneliness 
I was born in a dry state and need to get back to one , this humidity is going to kill me 
Cool , I am home by myself tonight lol 
out for a cruise on the bike 
You can have it all , my empire of dirt 
Damn the roads around here just make me sick to my stomach , ugh 
Some say the end is near , some say we'll see armageddon soon , I certainly hope we will , I sure could use a vacation from this bullshit three ring circus sideshow of freaks ... 
Time waits for no one 
Oh its going to be way to hot for a < PROPFEMALE > over tomorrow ! 
all matter is merely energy condensed to a slow vibration , we are all one consciousness experiencing itself subjectively , there is no such thing as death , life is only a dream , and we are the imagination of ourselves ... 
So beautiful and so strange 
Hell ya Friday the 13th , love it lol 
Why does everyone driving around here always look so pissed off 
vroom vroom mf ! lol 
Vicariously I live while the whole the world dies ... 
As below so above and beyond 
Gotta love that double standard 
can't wait to get back to Hays next weekend ! 
By this time tomorrow I'll be back relaxing in < PROPFEMALE > , can't wait 
Finally getting the hell out of Dodge , southward bound , bike in tow , Kansas here I come lol 
Back in < PROPFEMALE > , its good to be back ! 
Hanging out at minooka , riding the jet skis 
Cruising back to Iowa , although the wind seems to want me to go southward 
Heading northward on 35 finally , just about sick of driving lol 
Just leaving Des Moines with about one more hour left , I am going to sleep like a < PROPMALE > tonight 
Home at last , all ready for bed and I am going to sleep like the dead tonight 
Oh I think its going to be a long day after such a long weekend 
Damn I need a massage and more comfortable car seats 
Time to go climbing , wish it was a bit warmer than mid 40s 
It turned out to be a perfect day for a little tower climbing ! 
Damn , getting my exercise on a ladder today 
The world is a vampire 
Only a high of 69 today , what the hell happened to the nice weather already 
My mind is a serenade of haunting voices 
Now give me the strength to split the world in two yeah , I ate all the rest and now I've gotta eat you 
I don't want be an angel I just want to be a god 
got this peaceful easy feeling ... at 190 mph 
Can't wait for tomorrow night's festivities ... 
see ya on the other side ... 
shoot it shoot it out cuz they want it want in now now .... 
Oh things are going to get interesting here real soon ... 
well I talked to the realtor today and got the ball rolling , now just to pack and clean , then back to kansas in two weeks ! 
damn I need me a little break , its been one long as day ... 
Just a few more days an I'll be back in Kansas , its going to be a nice weekend ! 
Last day working at the dub ! 
Back in Kansas baby ... 
Hell ya finally ... back in < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Its been a great first week back , loving it ... 
First official day on the job was fun as hell lol 
Who wants to play some arrow roulette lol 
Who's up for some \end of the world\ " debauchery ... " 
Having a blast hanging out in plainville ... I love being back 
Damn Kansas is not as flat as I remember ... 
Ihop ... perfect timing 
Damn , what a beautiful day ... vroom vroom ... 
Lol last night was fun ... ah good times 
It's so fluffy¡¡¡¡¡ 
What do I have to do ? 
In training ... 
The world is a vampyre 
The other me is dead ... I hear his voice inside my head 
Enjoying another great weekend with damn good friends/family 
Oh ya another great night ... damn good to be back 
Looking to be another sweet day 
Chilling in Smith Center for a few days 
Loving this 60° weather 
Scrooged lol 
Gotta love Friday !! 
Lunch then heading back towards home 
Glad to be back in < PROPFEMALE > 
Damn its nice to lay in your own bed ... god this is going to be so comfortable lol 
... 
We will miss you , love ya lots 
Alot 
Working out by Smith Center , here for tonight , back tomorrow night 
I might just turn into a popsicle today , brrrr ..... can't wait to get back with the rest of you guys 
We will miss you 
We love you < PROPFEMALE > , we will miss you 
Nap ..... 
Making rounds today 
hanging out with family and friends again , damn the things we say lol .... 
a litle tired ... stayed up to late howling at the < PROPFEMALE > last night 
In Phillipsburg for the day 
Don't ever let life pass you by ... 
Got the new pipes on the bike tonight and took her for a spin ... sounds good to me 
Gotta love them Friday nights ... 
mhmm steak ... 
< PROPFEMALE > is the best sister ever !! I love her so much ! :) 
Love the full < PROPFEMALE > this morning ... 
I am the only exception ... 
Nothing like cruising on the bike in the middle of winter ... 
Sometimes its ok to throw rocks at girls ... 
Hope you found what you were looking for ... 
Intoxicated with the madness ... 
Cruising on the bikes , loving the weather 
Hell of a weekend 
I know the pieces fit ... 
The < PROPFEMALE > looks so big and full this morning ... love it 
Welcome to my never never ever world ... 
Welcome to my never never never world ... 
Oh I don't know , what's on yours ... 
The world is vampyre ... 
An ominous landscape of never ending calamity ... 
Never underestimate the power of stupid people in a large group ... 
I'm not lucky ... I'm good 
What an awesome weekend ... 
I'm Epic Win ... I push the limit ... every time ... 
Wise men make mistakes , they just don't make them twice ... 
Its a freaking blizzard out here 
Why's he smiling at me ... 
Feels kinda like a summer night , now if the wind would die it'd be awesome 
what a nice relaxing weekend ... 
Love sleeping in a bed that is taller than I am ... 
What a great weekend , can't wait for more to come 
Time to get numb 
Damn , I do believe its going to get a bit warm today 
Whew 108° on the gauge , glad my days been mostly driving , its a bit warm out 
hmmmm interesting .... 
loves the shit we pull ... haha good memories 
Loving it ... 
Damn fuel pump is going out again ... 
Push button , get Bacon ... 
Ride'n along in my automobile 
time to demo the wall in the house , bam bam 
Oh ya ... I could follow that ... 
Geek ... ya I prefer intellectual badass 
We come from the future 
I am a freak of nature ... 
I'm a hillbilly in disguise ... 
Hmmm , I must not be to average 
I could surf with that 
Everyone is a genius , but if you judge a fish on its ability to climb a tree it will live its entire life believing it's stupid 
Oh ya gotta love when college is back in progress haha 
You've got another thing coming 
Oh ya wonderful night 
Really enjoying Chicago , great food so far and definitely enjoying training and the hotel , got some cool people from the class to < PROPFEMALE > with , and come Friday I will be checking out some cool shit downtown 
Back in good ' ol hot Kansas 
Finally back in < PROPFEMALE > oh ya 
I just about got hit by a flying cell phone last night , it looked like it fell out of the trees but I guess the neighbor was a lil upset and missed the shed she was throwing it at ... lol 
damn these last few days have been a hell of a work out 
its the freaking weekend lol 
Ah to tear the mask off nature and stare at the face of god ... 
