God is so Good , He's so good to me .... 

I just want to say to all Moms ... Have a great day , but not just today , because you deserve to be praised everyday throughout the year . Thank you for all you put up with , and all you do for everyone . I believe it's safe to say we all Love You , no matter who you are ... This goes to anyone that is a Mom or a mom to be ... 
My bad , my computer went nuts with that best friend thingy ... sorry 
Jesus , as I look around me I see your great work that you've done wasted ! You came and died on a cross so that we might have eternal life and tell others about You . But we tend to keep You to ourselves , and I'm ashamed at myself . Jesus I'm not worthy of your Grace , Thank you and help me to be a better servant of Yours . 
Goodbye facebook for at least 4 days .... 
Well , it is official I got accepted to Calvary Bible College and will attending this fall . 
Ok , so yet facebook decides to post something that I didn't do . Sorry to anyone who got a post from me ... 
Ranch Lodge here I come !! 
Ok , so the water here in Alaska is quite cold the first time . I guess now I can say that I've been in Alaskan water ... lol 
Well , enrolled this morning taken 12 hours ... It's becoming more real everyday ... 
Staying the night in Dawson's Creek , gonna try and make the border tomorrow ... Thanks for all the prayers ... 
I made it home ! After only 3 1/2 days in the car I made it ... God is to good to us most of the time . Thank you for all the prayers . 
First day of class , here I come . 
There will be a day with no more tears , no more pain , and no more fears \ 
There will be a day when the burdens of this place , will be no more , we’ll see Jesus face to face \ 
But until that day , we’ll hold on to you always . < PROPFIRST > Camp 
There He goes , The Hero , The Saviour to the world , here He stands with scars in His hands , with love He gave His Life so we could be free , The Saviour of the world , The Saviour of the world , The Saviour of the world 
And as the wolf howls with his last breath we hear the silence that only the darkness can bring . And as we slip into this blindness we understand that we can not stay awake any longer , but do not let the darkness take you simply allow it to blind you for the time being , soon the light will come 
I have a huge interview today . Thanking God for the opportunity , but asking for some prayer . 
To everyone who's hurting\ 
To those who've had enough\ 
To all the undeserving\ 
That should cover all of us\ 
Please do not let go\ 
I promise there is hope 
And I will rise when He calls my name \ 
No more sorrow , no more pain \ 
I will rise on eagles ' wings \ 
Before my God fall on my knees \ 
And rise \ 
I will rise 
Change your default facebook picture to a cartoon character from your childhood . The goal ? To not see a human face on facebook until Monday the 6th of Dec . Join the fight against child abuse , and invite your friends to do the same . \ " , 2010-12-02 19:46:31 " 
Well , final number one and two this morning . Thank you God , for a great semester . I also pray for this next to be just as fruitful as this last one was . 
Well , two finals down . Aced one of them , and the other pretty sure I got an A on . God has been very good to me today , but really He has always been good to me . 
Would you take the place of This Man , \ 
Would you take the nails from His hands ? \ 
Would you take the place of This Man , \ 
Would you take the nails from His hands ? 
Early morning workouts leading to an early morning time with my Father , and what a great time it is to get to spend with the Creator of all the universe !!! God thankyou for the opporunity to wake up and serve you . 
Do you want to know the worst thing about procrastinating ..... 
Best night of my life .. 
This week keeps getting better and better .. I finally got to talk to my prank bubby < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and what a great talk it was ... 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is probably the coolest person at Calvary ! Well besides < PROPFIRST > Gohdes . 
My heart and my soul , I give You control , Consume me from the inside out !!!! 
So , I've never done this and I should have .. Is there anything that I can be praying for about you , and I mean any and everyone ? Put it on my status or you can write me a fb message and I won't say anything , just pray . God Bless and have a wonderful day . 
My baby niece went into the hospital tonight with pneumonia and she's already got lung problems if you could just remember her in prayer that would be wonderful .. Thank you and God Bless 
Do you know what the worst thing about typing is ?.... REALLY SHORT FINGERS ... LOL !!!! Inside joke ... 
I only have a few more days until I get to see someone very special to me !!! God is very good and I know that He has a wonderful plan for us .. As long as we continue to follow His leading .. 
