Good Morning ... hoping to get rid of these dang itches today ! 

Just took my medication . Man ! I never thought I would have to take that many . Im just too young ! 
Feeling great today ! No itchy breakouts at all ! 
A very nice , but hot day today . 
Yaaawn ... Im more tired than usual today . 
I feel more tired than usual today . 
Hoping to have fun at Big Surf water park tomorrow ! 
Is playing a game called Utopian Kingdoms . 
Back from camp . 
likes books . 
just watched the < PROPMALE > Potter premiere , at the new Mtn . Grove theater . 
I support a lot of interesting causes . 
Greetings to all . Hopefully everyone is having a splendid day ! 
Good day ...! 
Going skating in a bit ! 
I have officially quit Farm town ! This pesky application was driving me bonkers ! Everyone please refrain from sending me any requests from this application ! Thank you and farewell ! 
Going to read Enchantment by Orson < PROPFIRST > Card later . 
Possibly might go skating tonight . ^_ ~ 
Good morning ! 
Tired from all of the yard work today . 
Good evening citizens of the universe ...! 
Good evening peoples ... ^_^ 
Being normal is vastly overated ! - Aggie Cromwell 
Those hotdogs were delicious ! 
Goooood Eveeeninggg . . . 
Hmmm ... Good evening ! 
Mmmm ... I sure do love a good hazelnut macchiato . 
Hmmmm .... Can't wait till Christmas !!!!!! 
Uhhh ... I think I feel an ear ache coming on . )-: 
Happy Christmas < PROPFEMALE > everyone !!!!!!! 
Christmas is forever , not for just one day , for loving , sharing , giving , are not to put away like bells and lights and tinsel , in some box upon a shelf . The good you do for others is good you do yourself ... 
Yaaaaaaaaaaaaawwwwwnnnn ... Why am I so sleepy ? 
Happy New Year's < PROPFEMALE > everyone !!!!!!!! 
I have now watched Paranormal Activity three times ... It still freaks me out . 
I recently saw a really old lady at Sonic . She had white curly hair ( possibly a wig ) and pink tinted sunglasses . I took a picture of her and sent it to a friend who was currently at an auction ( so they say ) and cracked up laughing . I'm going skating later this evening . A wonderful day ! 
I'm feeling very tired today ... * head falls onto the keyboard * 
Can't wait till mom and grandma get back , were gonna grill some brats ! :-) 
Had some wonderful tasty grilled chicken . 
Such wonderful weather ! I'm beginning to get used it . :) 
Hello ! How is everybody this evening ? :-) 
Hello Everyone ! Im currently addicted to this really cool FB game , Kingdoms of Camelot and have my own kingdom . I have one city and have hopes of obtaining another one . But to do this I need 10 friends to play this game so I will be rewarded with a second city deed . You dont have to be really involved with the game , just add the app and join . It would be really amazing if anybody decided to take time to help . Thanks ! 
Good evening everybody ! 
A beutiful day today , but boredome has come to haunt me . Dad's asleep , mom's not feeling well , and < PROPFEMALE > is in one of her quiet , reading moods ... I cannot think of anything I really feel like doing ! 
Goodmorning !!!! Who wants coffee ? 
\When one door closes another opens . But often we look so long so regretfully upon the closed door that we fail to see the one that has opened for us . \ " < PROPFEMALE > Keller " 
A great evening to be outside ... 
Had a great graduation ceramony ! 
Prunes are so delicious in the morning ... 
Happy mother's day !!!!! Let's give thanks to all the wonderful moms out there who help to make their children's life joyful ! 
I feel like coffee . Does anybody else ? Lol 
Had pizza for dinner . Gonna watch a show in a bit ... 
Goodnight everyone ... :-) 
Good morning !!!!!!!!!!! :-) 
Good Evening ... Mwahahahahaha !!!!!!! ;-) 
\Some books should be tasted . Others devoured . But only a few should be chewed and digested thoroughly . \"" 
I love chocolate ... And coffee ... And good books ... lol . 
Had a fabulous breakfast of scrambled eggs , coffee , orange juice , and an english muffin with butter and orange marmalade . Delicious !! 
Just watched Iron Man 2 . It was fabulous !!! I think I liked it better than the first . It was awesome ! 
Done working for the day ... I'm beat lol . 
I smell delicious shrimp !!! ;-) 
My face burns ... Remember everybody , always wear sunscreen . 
“The < PROPMALE > of simplicity is a puzzle of complexity . ” 
Had a great 15 mile bike ride . :) 
Hello everyone . :) 
Guess what just happened ? My mom and I were in grandma's kitchen getting a cold glass of water each from a jug in the fridge . My mom took a swig and swallowed before she realized it was really hummingbird food !!!! YUCK !! 
Just had a piece of delicious < PROPFEMALE > pie . :-) 
It looks like a storm is on it's way . I'm glad I finished working this morning because it's about to rain !!! :-) 
Happy Father's Day to all the awesome dads out there ! Especially mine !! :-) 
Good morning . . . Still very sleepy . . . ZZZZzzzz ZZZZzzzz 
I have most of the front porch painted . I'm just lacking the ramps and gazebo . I'm taking a break for now . :-) 
Up early this morning . Watching the partial lunar eclipse . :-) 
Today is a nice day . :-) 
Happy Independence Day everyone !! 
Were grill'n pork chops this evening ! Yumm . . . 
Gooooooodmooooorning everyone !!!!!!!!!!! :) 
I think I just heard my grandfather on the phone ordering pizza ... Yumm ! 
A good morning to y'all facebookers ! :) 
My grandma made homemade Pesto sauce today ! We had it on spaghetti and it was delicious ! 
Had a delicious breakfast ! :) Two slices of homemade zucchini bread with just the right amount of butter , a glass of orange juice , and of course a steaming cup of coffee . :-) 
Making BBQ sauce with my grandpa . It's simmering on the stove right now and it smells < PROPFEMALE > good !! :) 
A beautiful evening !! :) 
If you can imagine it , you can achieve it . If you can dream it , you can become it . 
Good morning !!! A great time for coffee , eh ? :-) 
Had fun at the wax museum !!! 
Today was pretty great . Tons of fun shoot'n zombies and standing in line ! :-) < PROPFEMALE > braided my shoelaces while waiting . 
Abuela left for Miami this morning . I already miss her a lot . We have plans to write each other and next time she comes to visit , she said she would teach me to dance . I love her very much . 
Getting ready to leave the townhouse . I had a wonderful time . :) 
Goodmorning everyone !! :-) Happy August !! 
\Families are the compass that guide us . They are the inspiration to reach great heights 
Well , Tomorrow life is back to normal . The same schedule and same things to do . Repetition can be tiring . I miss the family I just recently came to know but I can always look forward to chatting with them on Facebook . A good thought to end the day on . Night all !! 
Today was VERRY hot !!! :) 
Hmmm ... Such a lovely and peaceful evening . ;-) 
Going to mow the yard today for my grandma . :-D 
Having a good ' ole cup of coffee 
I feel very tired today ... I'll probably just lie down and read a book or listen to some music when I get home ... I might have a cup of tea . :-) 
\The difference between the impossible and the possible lies in a person's determination . \"" 
Had an amazing dinner prepared by my grandma . :) A delicious serving of gravy covered meat loaf , more than one serving of some remarkably mouthwatering and oh-my-gosh-i-think-i'm-going-to-die-for-some-more potatoes with chives , and a wonderful helping of corn & peas . Now I am enjoying a splendid evening in front of the computer . :-D 
Well , the world of dreams is whispering to me . Time for sleep , rest , and rejuvenation . Goodnight to everyone ! :) Blessed be . 
A beautiful day , truly . :-) 
Been shopping for school clothes and shoes . I got tons ! And a couple new books . :-) 
Having a good mood day . :) 
Good morning ! It seems to be a great day . :-) 
Having a steaming cup of coffee after indulging myself upon my mother's delicious and satisfying Scottish Pancakes ( ask her for the recipe) ! :-) 
Hot sauce is my drug . :) 
A very beautiful evening !! :-) 
Goodnight ( good morning ) everyone . :-) 
Good morning , good morning ! It feels as if today should be dedicated to music . :-D 
Good morning !! ;-) If I became president , free coffee for everyone !! 
Good morning . :-D 
Having a delicious cup of coffee . :) 
Tis a beautiful morning ! It truly is . :) 
Enjoying a fabulous slice of homemade bread , deliciously toasted , and with the perfect smearing of butter . But no coffee ... Yet . :-D 
Finally ! Coffee ! My heart leaps with joy ! :-) 
Goodnight everyone ! = ) Have a fabulous night of rest and rejuvenation ! 
I feel like eating something delicious ! 
Tis a beautiful morn'n dearies ! Plenty of sunshine and fresh air !! 
Such a beautiful evening ! I am certainly especially fond of September . :-) 
Ahhh ... Coffee ... Yesssss ... :-D 
Have a fabulous evening everybody . :) 
Happy end of monday everyone ! 
Good evening everyone ... I believe today is the first day of Autumn . This is awesome because my birthday is closer but rather depressing because the dreadful Winter is also nearing . Happy Wednesday everyone !!! 
A simply beautiful morning ... ;-D 
I simply love cheesecake . . . :) 
Had an excellent day and a marvelous slice of cheesecake . Goodnight y'all! :-D 
I am sitting here , drinking a marvelous cup of coffee . :) My life is currently dominated by wonder and sheer bliss . ;-D 
It's kinda chilly today ... :-) I like it ! 
Such a wonderful morn'n for coffee , don't you agree ? :-) 
Such an amazingly , beautiful October day . ;-D 
Goodnight everyone . Sleep and fantastical dreams await ... :) 
Taking a break from writing . . . I believe I have spent my creativity for the day . :) 
Ah ... Birthday in 7 days ... ;-) 
Goodnight . . . * yaaawwwn * 
A big thanks to EVERYONE who wished me a happy birthday ! You are all awesome ! 
Trans-Siberian Orchestra tonight ! It's going to be awesome ! :) 
Had < PROPFEMALE > much fun tonight !! Trans-Siberian Orchestra was awesome !! Also ate some good Vietnamese food . I'm very tired now so I'm prolly going to bed < PROPFEMALE > n . 
Good morning Earth ! :) 
Do you know what is the most therapeutic/rejuvenating thing on a November night ? A long , hot shower . :) 
Fabulous coffee this morning ... Just fabulous . :-) 
Good morning ! :) 
Parents are Christmas shopping . Interesting . :) 
Goodnight . :) Peaceful dreams . 
Happy Christmas ! :-) 
I haven't had any coffee today ... Wow ! :) 
\The proper response to life is applause . \"" 
http://mnmlist.com/on-owning-nothing 
This morning I had a sumptuous meal of Arepas with chicken salad and shredded cheese , a fresh and juicy grapefruit , a refreshing glass of orange juice , and a marvelously prepared cup of coffee . A great way to start the day , if I do say so myself . ;-) 
\Even a stopped clock is right twice a day . \ " :-) " 
Such lovely weather today . :-) 
http://www.backpacker.com/hiking-praying-protesting/destinations/15315 
The Giver by < PROPFEMALE > Lowry is a truly amazing book . Can't wait to read the next two in the trilogy . :-) 
