If heaven sent me then why do I feel this crazy ? 

What's the point ? 
Whoa ! :-D 
I am loving my boyfriend < PROPMALE > like no other omg he's the best ! ;) 
It doesn't matter 
That IS the question 
I don't care 
( Malaise ) 
More than just malaise 
Living in sin is the new thing ? 
It's never too late to realize your worth ...... or lack there of 
And now it's over ..... 
Life hates me today :) 
Yay done with class ! 
Wasn't nearly as hard as I thought it would be .... could be good or bad 
When there's nothing to look forward to >>> look behind you 
\It will get worse before it gets better \"" 
I AM psychotic :) 
We are outlaws ;) 
Amazing .... 
I guess I'm just a Taenia spp . now ;) 
Why am I stupid enough to believe that people can change ...... 
I would like to put a pinch colloar on some people and drag them to the ground :) 
You're getting closer to pushing me off of life's little edge . Cause I'm a loser , and sooner or later you know I'll be dead 
Take a breath , hold it in . Start a fight , you won't win .... 
If I were a world leader , my first action would be to eliminate < PROPFEMALE > :) 
I need a life 
Dear future , I bought you , I own the rights to let go , destroy you , this is my life 
I <3 Akcent 
Negri bodies :) 
Being around old friends just makes you realize how much you miss them :( 
No more school for a few weeks :) 
A few words of advice : 1 ) All tubes/ rafts should be fully inflatted before use . 2 ) Avoid < PROPMALE > , fast moving currents . 3 ) Sticks my not be used in place of paddles :) 
Poor Balto tried to eat a wasp and it stung his cheek 
My 57lb pooch is convinced he is a lap dog :) 
<3 True Blood 
This is the final countdown .... 
Eminem knows exactly how I feel ;) 
\Blue are the words I say and what I think . Blue are the feelings that live \ 
In my past life I was either a metrosexual slave or a dog .... < PROPMALE > was a woman ;) 
Got approved by the internship board :) 
I'm somewhat jealous of all the people starting school today :-s 
Sometimes I feel like I'm going into ventricular fibrillation and there's no one there to use the defibrillator ;) 
Now what am I supposed to do all weekend ? :( 
Does anyone know the website for Gibby's ? 
AT&T has the worst phone service ever !!!! 
Large animal is not a class .... It's a form of cruel and unusual punishment . 
Learned a lot tonight that hopefully I forget tomorrow 
Saturday can't come soon enough ;) 
INTERNSHIP AT THE CDC !!!! 
Come on Tuesday hurry up !!! 
So bored ...... 
Kongs are the most amazing dog toys ever made :) 
Here comes the 18th man , only 15 more to go ! 
HALLOWEEN PARTY AT GIBBY'S- SAT . OCT . 30 !!! 
HALLOWEEN PARTY AT GIBBY'S- SAT . OCT . 30 !! 
Brain over load >:-O 
I can't believe it's almost time to leave my friends again :( 
Sooner or later .... 
Does anyone want to practice restraining mice with me ? :( 
Only a month and a half until I'm on the inside .... 
Only 5 more tests until freedom !!! 
Now I am scared :-s 
Android :) 
Do all sports bars have their own groups of people who feel like they own the place ? 
And I'll survive , paranoid I have lost the will to change 
I hope today is the last day I will ever have to study 
I PASSED THE CPE I AM DONE WITH SCHOOL FOREVER !!! :-D 
Since when do they make quarters with the grand canyon ? 
Goodbye < PROPMALE > peeps :( 
Can neighbors be friends ? In other news , got internet , live in real life farmville , balto is a bad little dog , and I found out some cruicial details ! 
You know you're in Texas when : you see someone riding their horse down the street , drinking a beer :) 
I am experiencing respiratory acidosis :) 
First day of internship :) 
Now that I understand blood draws , getting mine taken isn't so bad :) 
Balto finds American Dad fascinating .... He's been watching the whole episode haha 
I feel like I'm on an episode of Big Brother every time I go to work .... 
9 weeks left of this ..... :'( 
2 weeks down , 8 to go :( 
I have no life ...... 
Isn't it weird being in the back seat of your own car ? 
This is what my life has come to : sitting home alone all , night every night , watching Jersey Shore and < PROPFEMALE > the Vampire Slayer ... 
Let me express my displeasure for the season finale of Life Unexpected by saying , \WHAT the crap was that all about ?! Freaking retarded ! They ruined everything :'( \ " That's all . " 
I hate the wind .... 
Another weekend alone :( 
I hate making decisions ...... 
People who work for the government basically get paid to do nothing :) 
I like working in the hood :) 
Half way done yay ! :) 
:( 
Balto is just a hit wherever he goes :) 
No matter how many times I wash my hands , they still smell like latex :+s 
Something must be wrong with the world today ... I'm actually in a good mood ... 
This is the final countdown : 3 weeks left !!! 
Yay tax refund ! 
I needed that :) 
I love how people rant about things online as if they know what they're talking about , when in reality they just sound stupid . 
Well it's over ... 
That made my day :) 
Goodbye foco ! 
Yay graduation ! Now party time ! 
Oil spill got me good .... hAppy times :) 
The good part of moving a lot : making new friends everywhere ...... The bad part of moving a lot : having to leave them all :( 
If Balto had Facebook , this is what his status would say , \stuck in the car with my parents for 11 hours ... fml \"" 
