Twisted my knee playing basketball . Ouch ! 

Do I have to be wearing a suit to be formally introduced to someone ? 
I have an interview at Mercedes-Benz of Portland today . Woohoo 
Totally nailed the interview at < PROPFEMALE > . I start work there next week . 
allright , 3 day weekend ahead of me . 
Just got awarded $5000 in school scholarships for my second year of school . WooHoo ! 
I'm bored again . Weekend was kinda lame . 
Listening to The < PROPFEMALE > Method's new album Divided By Night for the 5th time . Its awesomely good . 
\Please stop popping my cast\ " - < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > " 
Doing my laundry , bored out of my mind . 
First day of fall term at school tomorrow . I'm excited . 
Im realllllly not feeling motivated to do my homework right now . But i know i have to . 
things always seem darkest just before it turns absoloutly pitch black . 
I cant sleep . 
I still cant sleep , so I'm playing some games and listening to < PROPFIRST > Satriani until I'm tired . 
Its alot easier to get up early when you never go to sleep 
I cant wait to start my engine performance class this tuesday . 
No homework this weekend . Alllllriiiiight . 
You dont often see a single rice krispie all by its lonesome self . They usually like to < PROPMALE > up in groups of 3 to 10 at a time . And theres no sinking them either , not even with a spoon . They just slip up past the sides of the spoon then gather together again . 
FACEBOOK EXPERIMENT-if you are reading this whether we do or don't speak often , post a comment of your first memory of you and me . When you've finished , post this paragraph on your own status ; you'll be surprised what people remember about you . 
Done with my homework for tonight , just gonna goto my guitar lesson and relax this evening . 
ASE exams tonight . I'm taking Engine Repair , Engine Performance , and Steering & Suspension . I'm feeling confident on these ones . Hopefully I'll ace ' em . 
well i'm bored . i guess i'll do some homework or something . 
Imagine what phones would look like if you mouth was nowhere near your face . 
Got the day off from school today . I think I'll get everything I've been procrastinating on done today . 
There's a fine line between fishing and just standing on the shore like an idiot . 
Fettucini < PROPMALE > is macaroni and cheese for adults . 
Writing some more music today 
Listening to Bon Jovi's New Jersey album . Hooray for late 80's hair metal . 
Finals week next week . I should study up , but I suppose doing the exact opposite wouldnt hurt . 
I feel really crappy today . I just want to have a cup of tea , curl up in a blanket and watch The Great Escape . 
I passed all 4 ASE exams i took in november ! That puts me up to 5 ASE certifications . Only 3 more and I'll be an certified master tech . 
Sometimes , theres a fine line between being honest and being a tactless d-bag . 
I got my first Mercedes-Benz Certification earlier this week . Can't wait to see what else I can accomplish . 
I want to be the guy who writes the book , \Reading for Dummies \"" 
I think if you could understand morse code , a tap dancer would drive you crazy . 
Doppelganger week ! During this week change your profile picture to someone famous [ actor , musician , athlete ... ] you have been told you look like ... and repost this message ... 
I need to sleep , but im not quite tired yet . i suppose i could try knocking myself out with a ball peen hammer , but the resulting headache might not be a good thing . 
Listening to some Led Zeppelin . Classic awesomeness . 
Reality sucks . 
Judging anothers personality based on limited knowledge them is amongst the most offensive things humans can do to eachother . Be open minded , and let people prove who they are . 
All work and no play makes < PROPFIRST > a very dull boy . Except when the weekend comes and < PROPMALE > entrepeneur < PROPFIRST > makes his way to the casino . 
Oh joy , the water at my house isn't working . Just the way I want to start the day . 
Just got my federal tax return . I just have to say that being a student is totally awesome in the way of taxes . 
I really hate feeling sick . Ive had a sore throat since thursday and spent a perfectly good weekend indoors , resting , because of it . I hope that it goes away by morning , I dont like missing work . 
Why is it that I can relax and even fall asleep to music like Rage Against The Machine or Metallica or The Prodigy , but if I hear anything thats supposed to be soothing or easy listening I just get irritated ? Its like taking nyquil for energy . It just doesnt make sense . 
If I was forced to literally dig my own grave , I would shape it like a nice comfy recliner . 
My dad , brother , and I were leaving the house to get food . We get to the end of the street and some lady in a Camry skids out of control and slams into the side of my dads Cadillac . Then she burns out on the wet pavement and takes off to the freeway . We followed , and called the cops . Chased her on the freeway , though a couple side streets and finally cornered her in a cul de sac until the cops arrived . Seriously WTF ? 
I love when I get an evening to to relax and write some music . 
A medium sized head of lettuce has 75 calories . Based on this , you would have to eat 26 heads of lettuce a day to reach 2000 calories a day . That equates to eating a quarter of a head of lettuce every 10 minutes from the time wake up , to the time you goto sleep . Thats 230 grams of fiber a day , 920% of daily value of fiber . Just in case anyone was planning an all lettuce diet . 
I like to imagine that inside my head there is about 30 < PROPFEMALE > versions of me in business suits sitting around a big board room table deliberating and making descisions about what to do . Which is why some nights I lay awake , the little guys in my head are having an argument . 
You know , you rarely find yourself leaving an IHOP with a sense of both satisfaction and self respect . Its always either , I'm glad I ordered light , or I feel like I just ate a house . 
You take a risk getting up in the morning , crossing the street , or sticking your face in a fan . 
If a pictures worth a thousand words , and its a < PROPFEMALE > for your thoughts . Then considering that the average length of a sentence is 15-20 words , a picture can be worth at best 67 cents . 
Before the invention of the light bulb , when people came up with a new idea , did a candle pop up above thier head ? 
Writin ' some new music in lieu of homework . 
What do you call single kix pebble all by itself ? Is kix inherently ploural ? I think it might be called a kick . 
I had a stick of CareFree gum , but it didn't work . I felt pretty good while I was blowing that bubble , but as soon as the gum lost its flavor , I was back to pondering my mortality . 
Does it seem fair that only one company makes the game monopoly ? 
Do I have to be out of breath and covered in sweat to drink a gatorade ? The commercials seem to imply so . They could expand thier demographic by just targeting thirsty people . 
Today is earth day . It gives me very little faith in the human race when I see people who think they can solve global warming by turning off a light bulb for only one day . Go plant a tree mouthbreather ! 
I think for earth day I'm going to make a sandwich . This has nothing to do with earth day , I just love sandwiches . 
< PROPMALE > Wright was the first person ever to return a tray table to it's upright and locked position . 
The primary cause of death in Margaritaville is \wasting away \"" 
There really needs to be a word to describe when you sit down and the front of your pants bunch up in an inappropriate fashion . Seriously its embarassing . Am I right gentelmen ? 
I got school tomorrow , and tonight I have insomnia . 
Ive been thinking about getting a prescription to Ambien so that I can be more productive while I sleep . 
Before I knew < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE>'s Legacy was ebolishing slavery , I thought he was famous because of his big hat . 
I am really having a hard time sleeping lately . Insomnia sucks . 
Any book is a childrens book if the child can read it . 
If there were no pillows on any couches in the world , would it really effect you adversely throughout the day ? Would it bother you to not see pillows on a couch ? Obviously you need pillows for on the bed to sleep on , but are couch pillows really needed ? I'd like to one day have a world without pillows . There would be cushions to sit on , but no pillows . 
A tube sock is actually a normal sock that has been wrapped around a PVC pipe . 
Do pro bowlers understand that they look like they are carrying around a big ugly purse with a rock in it ? 
Why does it seem as though the dumber a person is , the louder they talk ? Do they want to make sure everyone knows what an idiot they are ? 
Watching < PROPFEMALE > White host SNL . If I had a dime for everytime I've said that I would have one dime . 
I'm going to completely fill my DVR with episodes of the TLC show Hoarding : Buried Alive 
I just got a new mouse for my computer that has a special new kind of laser tracking that even works on chrome . And if my desk was made of chrome that would mean something . 
I think that all evidence exhibited in a court of law should first be placed in a large bowl of pudding . Because then you could truly say , \The proof is in the pudding . \"" 
Sometimes I wonder what the world would be like if every person was totally open and honest in everything he/she did . Someone invites you over for dinner and you just say , \No thanks your annoying . \ " At least then we would'nt have to decipher the meanings and intentions of peoples words and actions . " 
Doing research for my final automotive project . Its a report on Engine Induction Acoustics . Its bending my mind into a pretzel ! Really quite amazing stuff . Yay science ! 
Went to the drag races today . Schoolmate of mine works on a top fuel car , so I got to check out the race car up close and even got help out a bit . 
Any word can be in the dictionary if you have a pen . 
Listening to some < PROPFIRST > Satriani tunes , finishing up some homework . 
< PROPMALE > transmission and drivetrain test this morning . I hope all my studying pays off . 
Why is it that the things you say in your head are always the things you want to say with with your mouth , yet they're never what you speak ? 
You know , its pretty difficult to find a place that will actually sell you a single sock . 
Judge a person not by their actions , but by their intentions . One cannot know their intentions until one understands the person's inner thoughts and feelings . One cannot know another's thoughts and feelings if one does not effectively communicate with the other person . 
Why is it that after 10 years of playing guitar , I still feel like I suck at playing ? I find this both confusing and frustrating . This is staring to sound reasonable : http://site.despair.com/images/dpage/giveup.jpg 
Friday night , nothing to do . Maybe I'll just catch up on my sleep tonight . 
Coffee makes any situation better . If the world was about to explode , I'd have myself a cup of coffee while pondering my impending doom . 
Before the invention of the microscope people just held things next to their faces . 
If time travel were possible you could go back in time eight seconds and not read this useless update . 
You can save a lot of money on a tuxedo by simply buying a tuxedo t-shirt instead . 
Been spending most every moment of memorial day weekend doing homework . Might be just enough time left to have some fun . 
Done with homework for tonight . I can't wait for school to be over . Just a few more days , have to curl my toes and just do it . 
Just finished writing my presentation on intake manifold acoustics . My brain is tired . 
Went go karting today . Had lots of fun . Graduation tomorrow . Then back to work monday . 
Graduating today . Hopefully i'm not the guy who trips and falls off the stage . 
At my graduation ceremony . I've got an itch on my head and can't take my hat off yet . Sooooo itchy ! 
Going to Brazil Grill tonight . The only place in Portland offering 12 kinds of meats served on swords in unlimited quantities . You hear that ? Unlimited meat ! 
Brazil Grill last night was awesome . My personal favorite meat of the night , filet < PROPFEMALE > wrapped in bacon . 
Back to work ! 
If I wrote sayings for fortune cookies , I would write small tasks for people to do instead of idioms and phrases . For example I would write , \Grow a beard . \ " or \ " Go buy a jump rope . \ " or whatever . " 
My interest in robots ends at the point where they can deliver a beer to me . I'm interested in robots just enough to want a beer delivery robot , but nothing else . 
BEES !!! 
I love trying to hide my disgust for someone at the moment I realise they are a worthless unmotivated steaming mass of crap . Trying to hold a conversation with someone gets pretty akward if your not conscious of your reactions . 
Why does the drive through ATM have Braille on it ? 
I really think they need to make more foods that have a message inside them like a fortune cookie . I want a fortune corn on the cob . Or fortune spaghetti and meatballs . 
Working on writing a new song . It has a cool acoustic kind of sound . Sorta like a Led Zeppelin song . 
Today I washed my hands , then smelled my hands and realized I hate the soap I just used . Then I washed my hands again with different soap , for the sole reason of a better smell . Does that raise my Crazyometer rating ? Or is it normal to want your hands to smell good ? 
The motherboard in my computer decided to fail today . Now my whole music production station is down until I can afford a new one . 
Super computer is back online ! Going to do some recording tomorrow . 
Have you ever noticed that if you were to take the arms and legs off of an ant it would look like a little brown snowman ? 
Listening to The < PROPFEMALE > Method , doing some homework . Just thought everyone would like to know about the mundane things I do on a wendnesday night . 
Why is it that when I go to a fast food place and get a cheeseburger with extra cheese they charge me an extra 30 cents , but if I order it without cheese the price stays the same ? If they're going to charge for extra , shouldn't there be a discount for abstaining ? 
I've been listening to a lot of romantic < PROPFEMALE > classical music lately . Particularly that of a composer named < PROPFIRST > Dukas . I want to hear more from him but it's so hard to find a definitive collection of his works . Anyone know a website or store that is good for finding classical music ? 
I had a status update , then I decided it was too weird . Even in for the internet , it was strange . 
So tired today . Only slept for like 4 hours . But on the upside that's still 4 hours more than any owl . 
I want to replace all the doors in my house with those gypsy style bead curtains . That way if someone wanted to < PROPMALE > the place you could hear the jingling beads as they start heading your direction . 
I caused quite a stir the other day at the supermarket when I tried to buy one of those little plastic bars you use to separate your stuff from someone elses . 
I set all my clocks ahead 24 hours to trick myself into getting things done sooner ... Doesn't seem to be having any effect yet . 
How do the blind people with the sticks know when to cross the street ? It's not a seeing eye stick . It's just a stick . 
Just had terrible service at Red < PROPFIRST > in Gresham . I wrote a big 0 for a tip and on the receipt wrote , \You earned it buddy ! \ " I just thought it would help drive the point home . " 
Thinking about deleting some people from my facebook friends list . Because some people I really don't know , or haven't spoken with in so long that I don't think it will matter . They probably wouldn't even notice if I deleted them . 
Last night I watched < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > before going to sleep . I love watching him paint , not because he is an outstanding painter , but because he always has these happy little thoughts and sayings that I love . 
I < PROPFEMALE > to get a nice pair of sunglasses . They say you need to pick frames that match your face shape , but unfortunately for me there is no shape known as , \Partially deformed . \"" 
Really bored today . Nothing to do but the usual chores and errands . 
Spent the evening installing new wiring on my guitar even though I had homework I needed to do . So that's either good or bad . Maybe both . 
I saw a billboard today that showed a duck with a plastic bag wrapped around its neck and body . I though to myself , \That's terrible . If we could just design plastic bags to break apart into thinks ducks can use it would completely resolve this problem . I'd make the bags break into little duck sized bibs . \"" 
If a peacock were a pimp what kind of feather would he put in his hat ? 
12 more old friends wiped clean of the facebook friends list . When it comes down to it , I just don't think meeting and chatting with someone , one time , like a year ago , count's as a friendship . 
I believe that sandwiches are the key to world peace . I beloved that the only thing that anyone really wants is to sit in peace and eat a sandwich . 
When I take bread out of the bag , I like to reach down past the first 2 or 3 slices to get to \the good bread . \"" 
Sometimes I wish I had a horn on the back of my car so I can honk at people who are texting and driving behind me . 
Saturday at the DMV . Fml 
Today I did absolutely nothing , and it was everything I imagined it could be . 
The one thing about Hitler that I admire is that he wouldn't take any crap from magicians . 
Listening to some < PROPFEMALE > In Chains albums . Haven't listened to them in awhile . It's amazing things that are old can sound new if you just don't listen to them for a long period of time . I wish pants did the same thing . It'd be so awesome to put on an old pair of jeans and , just like magic , they feel like a brand new pair . 
When I get a bag of m&m's I always sort them by color before I eat them . I don't know why . I do the same with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE>'s . I tried to organize < PROPMALE > mints once , it didn't take long . 
If you were an astronaut on a spacewalk , and you're nose started to itch , what would you do ? 
It is surprisingly difficult to find a restaurant that will serve you a bowl of KiX for lunch . 
If Candyland was an actual place . That place would scare the crap out of me . Just look at the cover of the box . That's some freaky stuff ! Seriously , who wouldn't mess their pants at the sight of Gloppy in the molasses swamp ? 
2 am roadside call , damn . 
I swear this roadside pager is going to break today . Every time I sit down and start to relax , it goes off again . 
If there were ants at the top of a high building looking downward , what would they compare the size of things to ? 
Just spent some time looking back at some of my old posts . I really need to start writing down some of these observations . I could potentially develop them into some unexpectedly good comedy . 
I'll bet that if you were on acid , a pop up book would seriously freak you out . 
Why does it seem that my weekends are dramatically more stressful than my weekdays ? I actually enjoy Mondays . It's like a vacation from the weekend . 
Can a pineapple upside down cake still be called as such if it were in outer space ? 
Is the Xbox 360 kinect device amputee friendly ? 
Does < PROPFIRST > Schneider from the B 52s talk like that in everyday life ? I'd love to hear him take a sales call from Direct TV . \How much would it cost for installation at the love shack baby ! \"" 
I worked out tonight for the first time in about a year . 
It's like a koala bear crapped a rainbow in my brain ! 
Going to be a lame weekend . 
You can make a pretty fancy french fry making rig out of a pitching machine and a tennis racket . 
Just playing guitar , then next thing I know the clock says 1 am . Whoops ! 
I want to live downwind of a cinnamon raisin bread factory . It'd be awesome for your whole house to smell like fresh baked bread all the time and not even have to go through the trouble of making it . 
There's a snake in my boot ! 
Buying bread from a man in Brussels . 
Sometimes I think it would be great to have short term memory loss . Then everyday would be full of new amazing experiences . 
I am so glad to be watching Conan again . 
The upside of multiple personality disorder is that you would never be lonely . 
Every now and then I like to use the short urinal because I like feeling as if I'm really tall . 
Have\ 
you ever wondered what it would be like to spend a whole day without an\ 
inner monologue ? Literally everything you think of you would just say \ 
out loud for everyone to hear . It'd be awesome . 
Why do psychics need to ask you your name ? Shouldn't they know ? 
Sometimes I want to copy someone's status word for word , just to see if they notice . 
I like to think that < PROPFIRST > Washington never carried ID . Instead , if someone wanted to see ID , he'd just whip out a quarter . 
I hate when I start to say something and then halfway through my sentence I realize that nobody is listening to me at all . Makes me feel like a jackass . 
Why do some places have inconveniently located toilet paper rolls ? Is it really that difficult to put the roll no more than arms length away from the toilet ? 
Holiday ale festival 2010 . Totally awesome . 
I have an appointment to get an appointment book tomorrow , but what am I going to write that in ? 
I saw a really fat guy sit on a bean bag chair . It was like watching two amoebas in a wresting match . 
The first time I read the dictionary I thought it was a long poem about everything . 
Does it make sense that Target doesn't sell guns ? 
Happy Festivus everyone . Remember , The Feats of Strength start at 9 o'clock . \ 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dS7-jcsB_WQ&feature=youtube_gdata_player 
Can you still call it insomnia if you aren't trying to sleep ? For example , \I had insomnia last night because I drank a pot of coffee and did jumping jacks for three hours . \"" 
I love new socks . It's like my feet are on vacation . 
I wonder if there has ever been a grave < PROPMALE > ber who tried to < PROPMALE > a grave of a guy who had just been buried alive . 
Million dollar idea for the day : Open a place that is just a really fancy bathroom . Marble floors , gold sinks , butlers etc . No restaurant , no bar , just a fancy bathroom . Charge admission for the luxury bathroom experience . 
I needed to brush up on my world history so I rented < PROPMALE > & < PROPMALE>'s Excellent Adventure . 
I think people who live into their nineties and older are actually just ultimate procrastinators . 
One thing that facebook has taught me is just how much people talk about things that I have no interest in at all . 
The word \Verb\ " is a noun . More amazing facts from the world of the dictionary to follow . " 
If two blind people with walking sticks are walking towards each other on the sidewalk . What happens when they collide ? Blind man stick fight ? 
