Happy New Year ! 

missed a friend today 
is having a good new year ? 
loved orientation ! 
<3 1 year baby ! 
start over one day at a time ! i have the strength to do anything ? right ?... bring it ! 
27 ?! wow ! i'm excited baby ! 
goin ' to the beach ! 
got stung by a jelly fish ! ouch ! 
anyone play wc3 ? 
anyone got a skype ? message me 
i am a billiken 
district 9 rocked ! 
loves slu ! 
won the spirit comp ! 
class starts today ! 
my teacher wanted me to tweet with him ! wow ! 
miss my friends 
branch branch tree 
is 19 years old ! man o man ! 
had a great birthday and got to finish it off w/ < PROPFIRST > Darko ! 
great movie that Momento is ! 
is enjoying doing his homework . wow 
yay 8 o'clock class ? 
looking for a place to skydive in Saint < PROPFIRST > , but it's a bit harder than it looks 
bed early 
3 quizzes then the weekend ! 
3 quizzes , then karate kid and curses tomorrow ! woot woot ! 
has the weekend now ! 
is a bit confused for sure 
' s confused , and's not all that sure where/when to turn 
k-130 g6 
wants to go watch the stars 
well that's a bummer . now to climb yet another mountain 
get your head in the game man ! 
gonna walk like a man ! 
loves his workout mix 
gotten way better at wc3 ! 
is better at wc3 ! 
mass tonight 
well that wasn't fun , but oh well . i grow more every day from the experiences i receive ! 
is tierd of this 
happy 9/9/9 
goodnight < PROPFEMALE > 
Nirmam Vasanwala , you and your family are in my prayers . 
Urban Plunge ! 
the start will be here soon enough 
is good at typing 
i <3 mass 
rip < PROPFIRST > . 
has nothing to do on friday night 
man is not an island , you are not alone 
homework time baby ! 
can't wait for friday ! 
loves 2 hour nnaps in the middle of the day ! 
writing a paper on axe commercials ! 
it's interesting how tonight ended up 
welcome home 
great parents weekend , then learning to play a song 
have a wonderful tuesday ! 
fire 
In a world where all we want is only what we want until it's ours . I'm calling all angels 
Let me light up the sky , Light it up for you . Let me tell you why , I would die for you . Let me light up the sky . 
Mad World 
good night . 
don't bite the hand which feeds you 
tis wonderful ! absolutetly wonderful ! Thank you God ! 
loves fire alarms while i am showering ? that was so much fun though !!! 
Just set up his facebook to pirate talk ! 
has so much to do ! 
philosophy club and flag football tonight ! 
paper submitted ! 
i miss my friends 
hold onto the one's you love 
blank status ... i know 
got my tickets for going home ! 5 more days ! 
mid term week ! and here we go ! 
mid term week ! and here we go ! get excited people ! 
i need a break 
5 exams and a paper ... yay ... 
< PROPFEMALE > is well ! 
has wonderful friends ! 
has some really great friends here and a wonderful roomate ! 
can't wait to go home !!!! 
is burned out ! 
2 exams , a metrolink ride , and a greyhound bus trip away from my family . 
aint no mountain baby ! 
y ?! y ?! oh y ?! 
the shadoe proves the snshine 
the shadow proves the sunshine 
then you really might know what it's like 
first throwing up , next a nose bleed ! now what ? 
Is there someone up there looking down on me ? Boy < PROPMALE > a bird , so close but every time . He’ll never catch her , but he can’t stop trying . 
Daddy's here to hold you through the night 
Shout out to my friend < PROPFIRST > Kirwen ! 
Shout out to my friends < PROPFIRST > Evans , RJ Tonnis & < PROPFIRST > Kirwen 
may have a summer internship ! 
May be a Regional Manager 
wants to breathe 
Happy Haloween ! I hope that everyone is safe today . 
i hope my friends are okay 
I'm playing my first intermural game for you my friend ! 
I hope i get the schedule i want next semister ! 
The screen on my phone is broken , please don't text me for now . You can call me if you want to talk , i always love it when people call me , but i can't read text . That , or shoot me an e-mail or a facebook message . Thanks everybody . 
My phone is okay now 
Youtube Just robbed me 2 hours sleep ! Never again ! 
I'm okay ? 
2 papers tonight ... yay ? 
stay strong friend 
is feeling suprsingly lonley on this friday afternoon . 
praying for his friends . good luck ! it's almost thanksgiving people ! 
Just said yay for the steelers , but they muffed it ! come on now ! 
* sad face . steelers muffed that one * 
I am excited for Thanksgiving ! Anyone want to meet up during Thanksgiving break ? 
misses his friends , but has a lot of work to distract him 
just went through all the pictures on his phone , ohh the memories :) 
Although i didn't get as much school work done today as i wanted , i got to spend some great time with friends today ! you guys all rock ! Long Live Gries Lobby ! Haha . goodnight everybody 
I'm the first to know my dearest friends even if your hope has burned with time . anything that is dead shall be re-grown and your vicious pain , your warning sign you will be fine . Any type of love it will be showed like every single tree reach for the sky . if you're gonna fall I'll let you know that I will pick you up Like you for I . I felt this thing I can't replace When everyone was working for this goal . 
yay productivity ! now back to homework . 
I <3 my best friend . yay ! go weekend ! 
2 days left ! 
1 1/2 papers until i come home :D 
no class until 12:45 on Tuesday and Thursday ?! AWESOMENESS ! 
I'm coming home 
happy thanksgiving everyone 
gosh ... i hope you are okay friend 
back at college . i love my family ! 
back at college ! i love my family , and lucky to have such great people in my life . Will miss you , but i'll be back soon . 
changed up my room , and now have so much more room for activities 
had a pretty good day overall . learned a lot , and am doing well . 4 more days , then a study weekend . thank you God , thank you friends , thank you CLC . 
doesn't have a lot of things going on today ... need to do work and < PROPFEMALE > lights ! 
doesn't want to be worried about this situation 
Knows what he wants for christmas . A hot tub ! 
not really having a good day 
is not having a good day 
has a sinking feeling in his gut 
miss you < PROPFEMALE > Motz 
applied to be an RA 
i'm in love i'm in love and i don't care who knows it ! 
i didn't think these peoples opinions would sting < PROPFEMALE > strong 
gotta move on here 
why can't i see straight today ? 
I wish i could be part of an inside joke someday 
truly has great friends ! thank you all ! 
is coming home soon ! 
is 7 hours of sleep , 2 finals and 2 plain rides from home ! will be there in 23 hours ... yay math ! YAY HOME ! 
wants to play starcraft 
i am having vista issues while trying to install age of empires 3 . any suggestions ? 
had a great day ! 
Transiberian rocked ! 
knows a day is what you make of it . 
going shopping with my bro today ! 
wii for christmas ! 
< PROPFEMALE > christmas ! just wish i wasn't so soar ... :D 
is about half way through the office season 2 , and it is so funny ! 
HAPPY NEW YEAR ! 
Glad he could help a friend out today ! 
so i know it's late but hear me out . i've been discerning stuff lately . I thought i would be scared , and don't get me wrong it is . However , i am in love with it all ! Life may be hard , and even pin you down on the ground . When it comes down to it though , i love my life ! I love my friends ! I love my family ! Whever this road takes me , i want them there . Why am i at peace with this ? 
Perfect North Friday , Dayton Saturday , Saint < PROPFIRST > Sunday ! Boy these three days will be busy . great break though ! 
You know who this is dedicated to . Do you remember when , I told you this that night , That if you're by my side , When everyday begins , I'll fall for you again . I made a promise when , I told you this that night . I'll be fine . 
is trying to figure out if he's really happy coming back 
was stuned by ethics today ! wow ! 
i am getting a new pringer , but not sure how or when 
i am getting a new printer , but not sure when or how . 
navy blue 
setting up his new printer , class in an hour 
i'm not in a very good mood 
i wish i knew what i could do 
has all he needs to be done for the day completed , and it's not even 1 o'clock yet . yay 
did photoshop today ! 
Though we strike at you from the shadows , do not think that we lack the courage to stand in the light . 
I wish i could keep a secret . 
I'm coming home for a weekend ! yay ! 
discovered he loves to dance . 
Is having a productive day 
Loves to have good days back to back ! Keep them coming ! Gotta give thanks to a special someone though ! He's been looking out for me recently , and i sure am lucky to have Him . 
had a very wierd day 
love reign o'er me 
They've been taken away ! 
http://www.collegehumor.com/video:1928440 
anyone play starcraft anymore ? txt or message me 
Gonna play some starcraft tonight . having fun ! 
RA Interview Tommorow 
In Psychology class ! 1 class down 9 classes to go this week 
Why oh why do i have to keep getting used to facebook ? 
so excited for Friday ! 
RA Group Interview Tommorow ! get excited ! 
Lost and insecure , you found me . 
UD Here i come 
Had a great weekend ! now back to SLU ! 
send me a text or e-mail me if you want to get a hold of me . Facebook is going off until easter 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RXNnJNIfbp8 
i <3 charts 
wants to build a reflecting telescope this summer ! 
Where da gold at ?! HAPPY ST . PATRICK'S DAY ! 
wishes he could see monkey ! Some things i may never understand !!!! AUGH ! 
i am currently sitting in the BSC with two older gentelmen who are speaking in french . I understand a lot more than i thought i would ! YAY ! 
11 hours of sleep 
encounter 38 this weekend 
live the 4th 
going home in 30 hours ?! wow ! it will be great ! Love you Saint < PROPFIRST > ! 
let's play a game of starcraft . any takers ? 
maybe moving to < PROPFEMALE > Hall next year and dad is coming next week , sweet ! 
could go for a cup of tea 
Had a wonderful time in the park today , but i really missed my good friend < PROPFEMALE > Motz 
had a wonderful time yesterday @ SLU Cap and down by the arch ! 
was having a good one day , but now i feel a tearing deep down ... 
finally , monday ! 
Nothing is more practical than finding God , that is , than falling in love in a quite absolute , final way . What you are in love with , what seizes your imagination will affect everything ... Fall in love , stay in love , and it will decide everything . 
Unconditional love > your understanding of how powerful it really is . Today , tell someone you love or care about no matter what that you do . You just may change their day , and change their world ! 
tough night for everyone it seems 
schedule classes , find out if i have 2 jobs in the morning . crossy our fingers , say a prayer . this will be an interseting day , nobody can really predict 
crazy schedule for next semister . only 1 class monday and friday so far 
A friend once told me how much i meant to her , how i've changed her world . I would hope that i have done so . She is wonderful . Shout out to my best friend < PROPFEMALE > Motz ! 
When all the world is swept away You are all the things i need You're the air i breathe 
Don't ask what the world needs . Ask what makes you come alive and do it . Because what the world needs is people who come alive . \ - < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > " 
oh boy , this will be tough . everyone , please pray for me . thanks 
love my friends , and i would be no where without them ! 
Fun at Bellarmine House today with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > . Now to City Museum then movie night ! Hope everyone is well . 
feels wierded out with his friends right now . Friends , can't live with them , can't live without them . 
working on finals today . :D ? 
just got news about another job interview . :D 
wishes he could < PROPFEMALE > w/ his friends @ UD 
found my keys ! 
is in a strange mood 
anyone want to play sardines in the library ? 
summer job apps going out today ! 
this is driving me up a wall !!!!! 
3 more classes ! 
had a great evening last night ! now time for finals ! i'm excited ! 
Though we strike at you from the shadows , do not think that we lack the courage to stand in the light . 
1 more day of classes ! 
it's funny how some things never go away 
just 1 week left ?... SLU i will miss you so 
2 more questions on ethics ! almost done ! 
done writing ethics ! yay ! 
aghhhhh !!!!!! * sad face * 
feels hurt by his friends 
all nighter tonight ! 
is < PROPFIRST>'s girlfriend cheating on him ? 
is < PROPFIRST>'s girlfriend cheating on him ? who knows ... watch the office tonight 
overnight going well 
not much time left @ SLU . let's do something tonight ! 
feet up , not much to do today , life is good . :D 
Had a great time with < PROPMALE > Freeley today , fun stuff on 5C tonight ! Great day ! 2 days until i go home 
i am discovering i am really missing SLU ! it will be a very long summer , but i miss my friends here . mixed emotions for sure , boy it will be a ride though ! everyone from SLU please call/skype/anything haha ! i will miss everyone , Gries , and all them Jesuits and Domicians . <3 
had a great time w/ all my friends tonight ! 
got great grades his first year at SLU ! 
job interview tomorrow 
is this real life ? 
working sat/sun morning this weekend ! fun fun ! everyone should hug the one they love ! 
oh man i wish i was as cool as my brother < PROPFIRST > is . he is just so amazing and awesome 
misses slu 
Happy Birthday ! 
Happy Birthday Mom ! 
work tonight , as well as almost every night this week 
miss u slu 
off tomorrow . txt if u want to < PROPFEMALE > out . 
blah ... 
rainy day , going to ki again . 
2 years ! love u ! 
man , i just got owned in a noodle fight with my brother ! 
had a wonderful day at work ! i wanter what happened w/ ki ? great fireworks with my bestest friends < PROPFEMALE > Motz < PROPMALE > Sander and < PROPFEMALE > Kindel ! 
going back home ... 
going back home ... had a great vacation , but wish it were longer ! 
back from vacation ! off to work in the morning ! 
the office ! i'm loving it ! 
Like thunder storms sometimes . Let it rain 
My mother used to tell me that ordinary people are the most special on earth , and that's why god made so many . ~ < PROPFIRST > g . < PROPFIRST > 
2 weeks until move in . 
is thinking to myself , that this may just actually work out ! 
there has been a murder in < PROPFEMALE > 
so all freshman year we learned about the truth in philosophy , and if there really is one . well my friends i am here to tell you there is ... but it's not always good for you 
i love Jurassic park ! 
having a good time here @ slu so far ! 
first day of work is friday ! 
It's my birthday ! thank you for all the wishes . Gonna get my game on , then < PROPFEMALE > out with friends and finally soccer game tonight ! 
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes ! i had a great time , but after the soccer game it is kindove hazy ! great time though ! 
I know I have nothing pressing tomorrow but I should have been in bed a couple hours ago . O well 
I would like to thank all of my friends at ud for the birthday card . You guys are amazing 
wishes and prayers go out to a man who needs them . Pz pray for a great man ! 
I am seriously taken aback by this world sometimes if you need me I'll be thinking 
how i love philosophy ! I know that even when i'm not in a good place , i have friends to lift me up ! Love my friends ! 
i have a very fun night planned out ! 
so not exactly the way i imagined it ... but ok 
is out to change the world 
bored tonight ... but got laundry done 
Respect to all victims of violance today . 
so , life is good . yes ? if you have somebody u love , pz like this message . 
I'm interested in finding where my priorities really are . 
induction 
is now in ? ? ? ! 
going running again . if anyone wants to run with me here @ slu , just let me know . 
not the best day today 
feet ache . 10 hours of work today , but at least it was fun 
anyone up for some warcraft 3 ? 
soccer game in an hour 
\I'm always thinking one step ahead 
cleaning my room and doing laundry , getting ready to see the family . I guess it's cleaning Tuesday . 
finds i really like to stir the pot , you get more answers that way . 
Another Quote installment of the office . Please remember , don't google it for the answer . \ 
\I don't understand how someone can have so little self awareness . \ " \ 
Decisions are hard 
doing critiques of atheistic arguments of theism using the zeno paradox and \ 
Occam's razor . Having a great time too ! 
all i can say is wow ! great season opener of the office ! 
Doesn't like the slu servers being really bad on sunday night . i have things to do here and i'm feeling very sick . 
so glad the family could come out and visit . now it's time to buckle down and do work and feel better . 
Which one should i do ? Write a philosophy paper or Watch Season 6 of The Office ? 
soar back . Lots of work to do in the morning , but its ok . I got some hours in for the week , now time for school work . Get some ! 
slow mail , how i despise thee 
How many days until the summer olympics ? It's pretty funny if you wanna come figure out . :D 
its good to have friends 
oh lonesome day 
looking for something to do tonight 
I'm in a musical mood . sometimes i wish i had my guitar 
is sitting here wondering , what am i doing here ? 
people need to not leave their clothes in the laundry ! 
weekend before midterms . Great stuff right ? 
empty sky 
Dear world , I would just like to announce once and for all that I am possibly the greatest person alive now or ever with the possible exception of < PROPFIRST > Kirwen ! You are all very welcome for my very presence . \ 
Love < PROPFIRST > 
< PROPFEMALE > Kindel He looks like he is 60 ! 
1 more midterm 
why is college so expensive ? 
homework time ! 
Kids , don't do drugs . They take away 10 HP 
humans v . zombies ! it'll be a blast ! 
I HATE MONEY ! 
this is a day when i stopped myself so many times and asked , \why am i here ? \"" 
i have found food ! i have 48 hours until i must feed again . :D 
has to say that the office this season has been above my expectations ! good work NBC ! 
anyone at SLU driving back to Cincinnati for Thanksgiving break ? < PROPFEMALE > me , i can pay for gas . 
So i guess not the best news ever ... :( how i hate you $ 
hoping today will be a good day ... 
Hell week 
5 days down ! 360 to go . :D 
11/6/10 
11/6/10\ 
time to start again . 
We\ 
are asking everyone to say a prayerfor\Darkhorse\ " 3rd Battalion 5th \ 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XNLDns41jBQ&feature=related 
listening to soft rock and writing a philosophy paper . This has been a very hard week , and i'm trying to get through this week one thing at a time . Man , i need to destress . 
NE WITH < PROPMALE > PAPER , AND PSYCH DOESN'T LOOK TOO BAD ! 
Just finished another late night movie . The breakfast club ! Great movie , and thank you < PROPFIRST > Obbagy . Now time for bed , and to turn in a paper in the am . :D 
wishes he could see dear < PROPFEMALE > Motz ! 
TO ANYONE RECIEVING A MESSAGE FROM ME ABOUT PLANTS THAT GO BAD , DON'T CLICK ON IT . IT SEEMS TO BE A VIRUS 
My headphones which are broken are seemingly escaping me . I'm not sure why they don't want me to enjoy music and videos so my roomate won't be disturbed while he sleeps ... come on now headphones , i love you even if you are broken ... 
Activation in ??? tonight ! 
Nobody loves ultralisk , because they always cut your lovers in half ! thanks husky ! :D 
is it just me , or does campus smell like < PROPFEMALE > syrup ? 
dance was ok 
feels anger , and at the same time , thanks for a certain couple of friends . 
build a man a fire , he's warm for a day . Set a man on fire , he's warm for the rest of his life . 
Happy Thanksgiving everybody ! 
i had a wonderful break ! great to spend some quality time with friends and family . Now time for 15 days of rigorous work , then back home again . :D 
Psychology . Check . Theology , Getting there . Philosophy , not yet started . On my way , and trying to finish all this by Friday night ! 
It is now 2 in the afternoon , and nothing has been done today ... 
I don't appreciate the person who thought it would be a great idea to close the library early tonight , and to have virtually no place but the BSC be open for study tonight ... thanks person . * sigh * o well , just keep on working . :D 
I'm not leaving Grand Market until i have 6 pages written . 
Got back to my room at midnight after a wonderful day with < PROPFIRST > Connor < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > , to find a bag of puppy chow with my name on it ! Thank you whoever that was ! Who are u ? 
St. < PROPFIRST > , MO 
I HAVE THE STRONG URGE TO YELL AT THE TOP OF MY LUNGS , < PROPFIRST > PAN ! \ 
that is all . \ 
now time for my medical ethics final . 
Ready for my last final ! 
Fly back tomorrow morning . Goodnight . 
I wish I was as cool as my brother < PROPFIRST > Pomerleau because he is just totally amazing . ZING ! gotcha back :P 
slugs are homeless snails . 
is very distraught ... ;<( 
Gosh I wish I was as cool as my brother < PROPFIRST > Pomerleau because he is so awesome and stuff ! 
Honestly , all i want to do is dig into a good book of philosophy in a corner right now . 
Man oh man , I wish I was as all around amazing as my super awesome brother < PROPFIRST > Pomerleau ! He is so talented and great and pretty much better all aspects of life than me ! My only goal in life is to aspire to achieve a greatness comparable to him . 
Christmas Ever everyone ! \ 
Also , so far i don't have a roomate for this next spring , so good news too :D 
God bless us , everyone ! 
Played so many board games in the last few days , SO MUCH FUN ! 
Really misses slu ... 
i wanna sit down w/ some friends and break it down ... i have a lot to say 
feels a disconnect 
When will my reflection show , who i am inside ? 
saved 200 dollars on books for next semester ! 
Guess who is a silly little girl and wishes he could be as cool as his amazing brother < PROPFIRST > Pomerleau . THIS GUY ! 
wow , i'll be back at slu in 24 hours . wierd . 
class in the morning . i'm excited ! 
i don't like it when people can't cook @ 2 in the morning , and we all have to go outside ... :P 
new roommate moving in tomorrow . 
I have some truly awesome friends ! wow ! today's session was amazing ! 
it is awesome outside , but i'm sitting inside reading my history . mert 
retreat this weekend . prayers would be great , thanks :D 
So all SLU activities are closed for tomorrow . Does that mean no classes ? 
2 snow days in a row ! 
It was the best of times , it was the worst of times . 
Mortem et vitia non superáre potest ista philsophia . 
just cried ... i am so sorry < PROPFIRST > Reimer . I am so sorry . 
having a pretty good day today . 
Iniation tomorrow ! so excited ! anyway , heading to bed for 2 classes tomorrow , then some e-mails and quality time at la bibliothèque 
amazing weekend . Drove all the way back to Saint < PROPFIRST > from Dayton , Ohio . Long drive , but great time with the gang back at UD . Now for an awesome week ! WOOT ! 
Prayer for peace in Egypt 
If you think this is a beautiful day today , please like this status ! 
I have an interview with my service sight for the semester !!! 
So Much Latin to Study ! 
great time tonight ! tomorrow is a latin test though . mert 
PLEASE put this on your status if you know someone who has been eaten by pandas . Pandas are nearly unstoppable and , in case you didn't know , they can also breathe fire . 93% of people won't copy and paste this , because they have already been eaten by pandas . 6% of people are sitting in the shower armed with fire extinguishers and the remaining 1% are awesome and will repost 
i see a nap in my future today 
So much work ... 
I just got really excited . So i was watching the office , season 3 when the Stamford branch closes , and i caught a glimpse of the microphone in the top corner of the screen , at none other than 4:20 into the episode . :D \ 
I like this show way too much ! 
Huge storms here ! 
I <3 visitors ! 
i love doing research ! 
I'd much rather pull an all nighter than go to bed now . 
I feel in a funk 
Wonderful day outside with my mom today ! 
It's good to be back at school . 
Reading up on contemporary cognitive neuroscience :D 
Snow ?! WTF ! 
So much starcraft ! Personal shout out to < PROPFIRST > Sullivan for his < PROPFEMALE > in training last night 
< PROPFEMALE > 1v1 as random ! 
I love the new 1911 thing on youtube today ! try it out 
4 mile run today :D 
