Happy New Year ! 

Wow , I finally got to cleaning out my computer , my account anyway , and we got 1.5 gb back in free space . HURRAY ! 
Best game in the world ? Banjo-Kazooie . If you don't agree then you need to play it , NOW . 
I'm ready to go back to school . Need to talk to people other than my sisters . 
Done With Band Camp !!!! Only 1 more year to go ! 
just coughed up his left lung , has not ate meat in almost 2 days , and ( this is a little off topic ) but just lost the the elite 4 in pokemon < PROPFEMALE > . Now my pride and my chest hurts alot ! 
Just went through a hour long speech with dad and step-mom about cleaning the house and we all got a super duper chore list . I'll give it four weeks before it all falls apart . 
Has a riddle ! A Box without hinges , key , or lid yet a < PROPFEMALE > treasure is inside . What am I ? 
Alrght < PROPFEMALE > kudos . try on this on ! You feed it and it lives . you give it something to drink and it dies . What am I ? 
Been in a riddle mood . Wanna try one ? Whats the beginning of eternity , the end of time and space , the beginning of the end , and the end of every place ? 
Took a nap last night and was hearing things . Could my brain be broken ? 
Be Selling Chocolate bars at school . An illegal but rewarding bussiness . If interested in some please comment below or contact me . Selling milk chocolate , crispy , caramel , almond , and dark almond . ( Must be at school to buy for I can not deliver other wise ) Cost is one dollar but it taste like a million . 
is board . Give me ideas on what to do that is somewhat legal . 
I think I got a C on my math exam !!! Thats still passing in my world ! 
Ok im done with thanksgiving . Bring on Christmas !! 
is always hungry , why can't I stop !!! Im a MONSTER !!!! 
I would love to be anywhere except my house right now ... 
Only one way to fully master my cello duet , by listening to it while I sleep ! 
I think i'll hack some < PROPFIRST > levels . Hrmm ... got nothing to do . 
Oh My God , I just looked at the upcoming game Epic < PROPFIRST > and I think it just blew my mind its ....... its epic ! 
We just got are Super < PROPFEMALE > Ultra Chore list V 3.5 . Phhbbt , I won't let any old chore list beat me , TIME TO GO TO WAR !!! ( < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > back me up here ) 
I get a game , pour hours of strategy and planning , even more time in gameplay and ... I can't beat the last boss . GAH ! 
I straightened my hair ! It looks good acually , and since everyone is putting up pokemon pics heres my favorite one ! #471 Glaceon !!! 
Not feeling to good today . 
Anyone who is in my classes , can you please tell me what we did today thanks . 
I want to see the < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland movie when it comes out . 
Other the stupid flip folders , Great day . 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Do Not Forget To Get Are Duet Please !!! I'll try to get out of class to get it . 
17 hours of gameplay and still have not beat Banjo-Tooie 100% . tonights the night folks . Taking so long cause im not using walkthrough . 
Avatar was amazing ! 
Attention everyone ! Getting Wi-Fi back so if you play pokemon pearl/diamond or platnuim please give me your friend code . Thanks . 
Starbuck's Ice cream is the best thing ever . 
Ugh , suffering from Guitar Hero hand cramping . Got to keep on pushing though . 
Soooo happy I got kingdom hearts 358/2 days . I LOVE IT . 
Who is playing a Englished patch of pokemon soul silver ? Oh yah me . 
Is satisfied with the break . 
Blue Blue Red Green Green Blue Blue Yellow . Ring a < PROPFEMALE > anyone ? ( < PROPMALE >?) 
Why won't facebook chat work ??? 
At times it seems that all is lost and darkness has taken over , but just remember in times of true despair that there is always a light that will shine through and guide you through the everlasting darkness . Not really a quoting person , but I came up with it randomly and I didnt want to forget about it . 
I can't belive how badass I am . Instead of RJ just call me BA . 
Singing my songs . Fun stuff . 
Wow praticed my cello for the first time in forever . Hehe . 
My dad said even if there is no school he might wake me up at f***ing 6 in the morning ! 
Still feeling Fetch !!! 
Trying to draw , and I can't draw hair very well . 
Finally done with my picture ! A bit dissipointed in it though . 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY SHARAH !!!! ( and < PROPFEMALE > ) . HAPPY BIRTHDAY < PROPFEMALE > !!! ( and < PROPFEMALE > ) . 
Whoever plays maplestory give me your names please . I reside in Bora , but occasionally switch worlds . 
Should I do Naschair ? 
Busy day tomorrow . 
If I had a dollar for everytime I died in a game from computer lagg , I would be pretty < PROPMALE > . 
Went snowboarding today . Need a ton more practice . 
Why is everybody in a bad mood today ?! 
My fan < PROPFEMALE > has 13 fans ! I feel like I accomplished something today . 
Everyone I'm sorry I didn't show for sectionals today , I really tried to stay but I couldn't ..... please don't be mad .... 
Just had 6 Flavor Ice things YUM ! 
I'm going to cry , half of my computer files are gone ..... my life is falling apart !!! 
My picture ? Well its BANJO-KAZOOIE !!! 
Mabey I should go to bed ... nah . 
Downloading a ton of crap . 
Everyone ! Join me in summoning the gods to make it snow ! 
Well I would put no school but I think everyone else has it covered . 
Wish my computer wasn't so dang slow . 
Took a nap , fixed my computer . Mabey my weekend may not be so bad after all . 
Hungry and want a nap . 
I just want school to be done ... 
Downloading a bunch of music . 
I didn't win the gun raffle , I wanted that revolver too . 
My back hurts really bad . 
Just bought a Xbox 360 today ! 
Well I got a Xbox 360 and it awesome . Don't get games till tomorrow ugh . 
Falling behind in my gaming . Plan on beating two games 100% tonight by there making me want to break my T.V 
ACT on tuesday so I should go to bed early tonight . Haha or not . 
Got Xbox live going . Hurray . 
I am sick of tests . All I can see are the bubbles you have to fill in .... everywhere . 
Hope you all have fun waking up tomorrow I think i'll ... * yawn * sleep till ten and then be lazy . 
It seems pretty evil outside today . 
At the final boss , nothing can stop me . I am killing all who try to stop me . Ready to beat the game then .... GLITCH ! Boom dead .... shit 
Downloaded a bunch of music . Hurray for music ! 
ugh ... just ugh . 
Man you think you got time but you dont notice it slipping away through your fingers untill nothing is left . 
Beat the game Portal just to listen to the ending again . Good game . 
How the hell do I get a fever in spring ? Oh well can someone tell me what we did in my classes . Thanks 
Just watching movies .... I'm going to be so tired . If God really loved us he wouldnt make people drag there son to church at 9 in the morning . 
Mabey I should do all of my homework tonight instead of at school . 
Anyone know of any good animes to watch ? I'm running low . 
Wow really good day untill someone really pissed me off today . Then it got good again . 
Why oh why must facebook chat hate me so ?? 
Everyone I play left 4 dead 2 with are all idiots . 
I'm on a mission to kill 10,000 zombies before school tomorrow ( and to do my homework ) 
Nothing to play , it's dark out , cant go anywhere , nothing to read , and nothing to watch . Some break . 
Really hoping that my step sister will pick up assassin's creed 2 today . 
Assassins creed 2 is the best . 
Great easter so far . Only took me forever to find my damn < PROPFEMALE > ! 
There is always that idiot that screws me up . 
Curse you resident evil 5 ! I'm just crusing through blowing the heads of zombies and then I get to a point to when I headshot zombies they get stronger ! What the hell ??? Now where am I going to shoot zombies ? The leg ?? 
Great Spring break ! now all I need is some money to buy pokemon soul silver and it will be the best spring break ever in the history of my pathetic life ! 
Anyone have resident evil games I can borrow or buy ? I already own #4 and 5 . Contact me 
hmmm ..... now what . 
played through kingdom hearts 358/2 and felt like shreding a tear at the end . What a sad ending . 
Whats the point in it all ? 
Hear about the new DS ? The 3DS . A DS that has 3D effects . 
I have to get my picture taken tomorrow ... what a waste of my saturday . 
Sometimes I wish that I could understand how people work . 
Studying for model U.N so I can pull my wieght this time around . This is big since I never study for anything ever . 
I think I'll either draw a picture or write a story . What one ? 
Ever just sit and want to yell objection really loud when someone is wrong ? 
Writers block . =( 
Ok now its time to do my homework ! No distractions this time jus ... WOA ! A juicer ad on TV ! 
Great I have nothing to do this weekend . NOTHING !!!! If anyone wants to do anything with me call me or something . 
Good day really good day . 
I had to watch < PROPFEMALE > mountain just because we are playing it in band . 
I think I will pre-order kingdom hearts birth by sleep next week . 
Cucumber is a fruit ? What the hell ? 
Hehe disney characters sound funny in japanese . 
My throat hurts really bad . 
Anyone miss me today ? Don't lie now . 
I'm super duper < PROPFEMALE > ultra extremely bored ...... again . 
Wow I just had some wierd medication in my drink for my soar throat . It taste like baby oil mixed with vomit but it works like magic ! I only have to take it ... 4 time a day !? 
Oh My God ! I just got that super rare one in a milion item !!! Yes !!! Oh yah I DIDNT SAVE MY GAME ! Cry 
Why do I feel like I had homework but I know I didnt . Hmmm .... 
Just a overall bad week mabey monday will be the begining of a good one . 
Ugh another day where nothing went right , but tomorrow will be good I DEMAND IT ! 
Ok my day was good , now I will actually get some homework done today . 
< PROPMALE > !!! We shall battle tomorrow and my < PROPFEMALE > will KO your whole team !!!!! 
Lab report .... ugh . 
Had a amazing night last night and I'm going to the drag races today and possibly a friends house , how can this weekend get any better ? 
I should really start doing my homework on time instead at the last possible second . Nah , putting it off has got me this far , why change ? 
Thanks for the great birthday guys ! 
You know it's bad when you doing a research paper at 10:30 pm when you had 3 weeks to work on it . 
A very interesting day today . 
Kinda bored this weekend but at least it is nice outside . 
Just got my haircut . I feel like a new man !! 
I really need to get some sleep tonight , rough week this week . 
The world ends with you . If you want to enjoy life , expand your world . You gotta push your horizons out as far as they'll go . 
It's going to be a long week I can smell it . 
I want to do something really cool today .... but what ? 
Just pulled of an all nighter , now I just have to go to work in 2 hours . 
Why oh why can't I draw starfish ? A simple creature and yet I fail . Sigh 
Hello again facebook . Yes yes it has been a while , but im back now so everything will be alright . 
I suppose I should sleep even though I am thinking alot today . Wonder why that is . 
Seeing < PROPFIRST > Pilgrim in 22 hours and 9 minutes . Hurray !! 
I have been so bored this past week I really should be more productive or go somewhere . 
Im going to have so much fun tomor ..... oh wait monday night . Crap . 
Obama stop screwing up our country . The Mosque at Ground Zero is yet another tally on the Epic Fail list . 
Anyone doind anything this weekend ? I want to do something so give me invites to anything ! I am so bored . 
I'm like a boss . 
Battlefield Bad Company 2 is a great game and snipers are sweet but when you play with a 12 man team and 11 of them are snipers we got a problem . 
Great that 4 hour nap threw off my whole sleeping scheldule . 
AP report time to be typed ... someday . 
Wow whats that smell RJ ? Why it is a leftover omelette ! Sounds good whats in it ? Only all of the food that no one like enough to eat so they threw it the frigde to rot . 
Suger cookie , train for the big tournament then off to bed . 
Hates converting vide files , what a waste of my time . 
Who just bougt < PROPFIRST > pilgrim for the Xbox ? Oh yah me . 
I think for the first time in my life I will take speed over power . 
Preston : I wish I had an iPod Touch . They're so cool ! 
Ever since school started my life has been busy busy busy . It's sad really when I go to bed at 9pm instead of 5am . 
I really want a alienware labtop . 
Just wants to run outside and yell AP !!!!!!!!! WHY HAVE YOU MADE MY LIFE SO MUCH MORE DIFFICULT ??? 
You know it's sad when you rather be in school expcept at your house cause there is nothing to do . 
Never realized how relaxing Beethoven is . 
It's going to be a slow day . 
I always have a good day untill I see my backpack in the corner which my homework collecting dust . Crap . 
Man it is hard to text your friend and own at halo reach at the same time . 
Really fun day today , to bad tomorrow is going to be a long day . 
Really want to play some reach but family guy is on ! 
Well then what do i do now ? 
It's a no pants party ! 
Damn you < PROPMALE > Miller I have the hangover song stuck in my head ! 
Had a great day today , hope I keep having good days this week . 
If I can find a pokemon black and white ROM then im gonna shit bricks ! 
Oh school I just wanna tell you that I don't like you at all . 
Today I'm just going to sit on my couch for 12 hours and just play xbox and drink Ice Tea ... Yup its one of those days . 
Wishes he was as cool as his sisters , < PROPFEMALE > & < PROPFEMALE > . I guess I can only dream ... 
Piano music is the only thing that can heal the soul . 
Well its homework time .... after a couple hours of Fable 3 of course . 
I wish I was getting black ops . DARN 
Everyone in the world , it has come to my attention that every one is saying things like \right meow\ " and \ " just kitten\ " It was funny but now to many people are saying it . We most stop this before it is to late ! " 
Damn it something is wrong with xbox live ..... now what ? 
School F *** you . 
I wanna play < PROPFEMALE > story again but I don't want to get addicted . 
Why does growing up suck so bad ? 
5 Dr. peppers ... ugh 
Done with the first practice , just watched the Michigan basketball game and they won , and got to play some more tonight . I'd say today was a good one . 
Wow my dad is really pissing me off tonight 
Ok facebook im back I just left to go beat assassins creed 100% and .... what ? I missed one achievement and I have to play through the whole game again to get it ?!? DAMN YOU GAME !!! 
\won't you shake a pour sinner's hand ? \"" 
Bored ! Someone give me something to do right meow . 
Xbox and hot wings , I love my cousins house 
I won a free taco !!! 
I just lost 5000 bucks on call of duty cause I was not thinking ... oh well not my profile :) 
Checking up on my grandpa bit I'm not to worried cause he's awesome . 
I hate my life 
The fog has cleared and I know see what I have to do . 
Yeah so dont mean to double post but I have a feeling that some people are going to be hating me in the next 48 hours . Drat and my day was ok too . 
Ok so people are talking about a test ! WTF ? Just because I had a 5 day weekend does NOT mean that im ready . 
this halftime show sucks ass 
I have swine flu ! =( 
So I'm sick and my step mom got me some medicine , to bad it was for symptoms that I don't have . 
Going to the planetarium today and I'm excited ! 
Lost my voice last night from cheering on my knight at a mid-evil dinner thing . < PROPFEMALE > keeps making fun of me . 
At the house of blues eating brunch wearing my new clothes sweet . 
Love me ! 
Hey facebook im back again and I promise ill stay with you since I have 15 messages from people 
Best day ever in a long while ? Hell yeah it was . 
EMO < PROPMALE > !!!!!!!! 
Pretty much had the best day ever . 
Wow guys I love how everyone has been so negitive on facebook this week . What the heck cheer up life cant suck that much . 
Word can't even freaking describe it ! 
Auditions this friday and saturday ... Im so screwed . 
I'm a baker ! 
Going to play some Xbox later after I kill my sister .... in monopoly !! 
Guys .... I'm pregnant . Will you stay with me ? 
If there is a snowday tomorrow who wants to make a snowman with me ? 
Well my roads are not plowed so I cant go anywhere today ... anyone for another round of monopoly ? 
Lets check my snowday checklist : Nap , xbox , monopoly , be hungry ... good day . 
Well I don't know what to do ... I don't wanna go to bed and everyone is sleeping . Guess its time to watch more invader zim . 
Kinda glad that im not seeing STATES comments on facebook as much anymore . 
Dont make anyplans for spring break guys , my freeday is friday and Im already doing something . Sorry I owe my dad $450ish so its time to work lol 
I forgot my AP folder at school .... shit 
Im going to be a pimp when I grow up . 
Everyone in Florida ... you all suck big time . Except you < PROPFIRST > :) 
