thankful I have a short day at school tommorow . Happy 4th of July everyone ! 

loves playing softball and I will sleep much better since we kicked some booty ! Way to go Rankin Rebels !!! 
7 days left of summer school !! Whoohoo ! Can't wait to sleep in and not get up before the sun ! 
So full ... my husband makes the best burgers on the grill !! 
Hanging out with my family in Abilene !!! 
Only one week left of summer break ... I hope this week goes by really , really SLOW !!!! 
tried to make homemade spaghetti and meatballs for dinner , there is definitely room for improvement . Thank goodness the way to my man's heart isn't through his stomach . It is always making sure he has clean underwear ... I can do some laundry ! 
getting ready to leave school today to learn that it was pouring rain ... so I run like the wind , I was moving like lightning you should of seen me ! get to the middle of the parking lot to realize I didn't park in that parking lot this morning ... I parked in another lot which of course was farther away ! I am freaking soaked !! 
so annoyed two days in a row they haven't shown M.A.S.H on it's normal time and channel instead \I love Lucy\ " I guess I will do something productive ! " 
Been studying all day , just made a big cup of coffee to go all night ! Better do well on this exam ! 
the official count down till Texas vs . Oklahoma Red River Shoot Out ... 4 days till kick off ... 3 days till we head to < PROPFIRST > for the festivities to begin ! HOOK'EM HORNS !!! 
Giving my self a manicure & pedicure , going out tonight for a girlfriend's birthday , then leaving in the morning heading to < PROPFIRST > to watch Texas open up a can of Whoop Ass on Oklahoma !! It's gonna be a Great Weekend ! 
Had a blast this weekend in < PROPFIRST > !! Go Texas Longhorns !! 
Crap ... we have a water pipe that is leaking ! Our yard is flooded , water is currently shut off , water < PROPMALE > is going to be expensive , husband is digging up the side of our house ! I hope he can fix it otherwise we will be calling a plumber ! 
Water pipe still leaking , we have no water and now it is raining outside ! Looks like we might be taking a shower outside ! 
Yea ! My husband is my HERO ! He fixed the pipe and we now have water ! I can take a shower !! :) 
Can't wait to see my niece Bradie tonight !! Get to < PROPFEMALE > out with family all weekend ! Happy Halloween Everyone ! 
I thank all Veterans who served before me , who I served beside and all that serve today ! Happy Veterans Day !! 
Can't wait for this weekend ! Having Martinez Family Thanksgiving at our house !! I get to eat a lot of good home cookin and spend time with the family !!! 
What a Great Day ! Had Thanksgiving with Martinez family , it is almost time for leftovers ! We are getting ready to cheer on Texas and Colt McCoy as he becomes the winningest quarterback in all of college football history tonight ! Heisman What ??? Hook'em Horns !! 
Happy Thanksgiving Everyone !!! Be safe if you are traveling ! I hope everyone has a Wonderful Holiday with people you love and are thankful for ! 
It has been a Great Thanksgiving weekend ! Got to spend time with my niece , my brother and sister in law , and watched college football for three days straight ! 
Finished my final , have done nothing but watch talk shows and mess around on FB ! It's official my brain has turned to mush !! 
Visiting my family in Indiana , IT IS SNOWING !!!! gonna go sledding with all my cousins !! YEAH ! 
Wanted to wish all my friends and family a < PROPFEMALE > Christmas and Happy New Year ! Sorry I have slacked this year and didn't get any cards out I will do better next year ! 
I am home and my husband took me to lunch , cleaned the house and bought me a new car !!! Best Birthday ever !! 
Thanks everyone for the Birthday and Christmas Wishes ! I hope everyone is having a Very < PROPFEMALE > Christmas with your loved ones ! 
I hope everyone has a Safe and Happy New Year !! 
Three more days till Texas Longhorns put an ass whoopin on Alabama !!! Yeah can't wait !! Hook'em! 
Been outside all morning , gonna take a nap in my warm UT Snuggy before the Big Game ! I am ready to see the UT Tower light up in burnt orange with a big #1 
Hey Classmates , Don't forget today is the deadline to submit your nursing application to the Board of Nursing ! See you guys soon !! 
Does anyone from school know what time open lab is on Monday ??? 
Holy Crap !!! Is anyone watching Living in the Moment on CBS ???? What a tear jerker !!!! 
Going to see Lady Antebellum at the Rodeo !! < PROPFEMALE > is the BEST he got me tickets for < PROPFIRST>'s Day !! 
What a Great Weekend !! Had some margaritas with friends , went easter egg hunting with my god daughter , went to the horse tracks to watch live racing and place some bets , cooked out fajitas , had a great breakfast Easter morning with my husband after he suprised me with a beautiful bouquet of pink tulips for Easter . I hope this continues through the week . 
I am in another room studying when I hear < PROPFEMALE > swearing at the t.v. so I check to see what he is watching ... he is watching the National Championship Texas vs . Alabama ... WHY ?? he already knows how it ended it is like reliving a break-up who wants to do that ? I would understand if they won ! I don't understand men sometimes ! 
Just got home from volunteering , I just want to take a nap but need to clean the house , family is coming in tonight and need to get ready for < PROPFEMALE>'s Birthday Party for tomorrow . Why do I feel the need to clean the house for people that already love me for it to get dirty again to clean it again ?? 
Thanks to our wonderful friends and family for coming over for < PROPFEMALE>'s Birthday ! We had a blast !! We are blessed to have all of you in our life ! We also love all of our other friends that we didn't get to see we are very lucky to have such amazing people all around us !!! 
Getting my picks for the Kentucky Derby ... I feel lucky ! 
5 days till Graduation ... it's bittersweet , I'm done with school for now , but I am getting cut off from my Sugar Daddy ! Time for a JOB , vacation is over ! 
Took my last final today !! Graduation tomorrow ! Hopefully end the day with a WIN for our softball team , then some cold beers to celebrate at Hooters !! 
Didn't have to get up early to study , go to clinical or go to school and of course I woke at 7 in the freakin morning !!!! UUUUGGGGHHH ! I guess I am getting ready for the working world ! 
I hate the anxiety of job hunting , I want to go back to school where it is safe and I have friends !! 
Just got home from celebrating our 1 year anniversary ! Ate great sushi , drank some cold beers , laughed a lot , had a blast I am very lucky ! 
Just ate our Wedding Cake ( carrot cake with cream cheese icing) ! Thank you mom for wrapping it up good , it tasted as good as the day we got married !! 
Hey school friends has anyone ever taken Anatomy through Distant Learning ??? I have only taken spanish through Distant learning was wondering what anyone's experience was like ?? 
So frustrated the squirel got to all my tomatoes !! Gonna have to get camo out and my pistol ... does anyone have any easier way to keep the animals away from my veggies ? 
YAY ! I passed !! I am a Nurse ! Now that I don't have to study anymore nursing books for awhile , does anyone have the Twilight book series ?? I would like to see what all the hype is about ! 
Thanks to all my wonderful friends and family for all the support !!! I am very grateful to have all of you in my life !! I hope everyone has a AWESOME July 4th and be careful ! 
Had the best July 4th ever thanks to my best friend and her husband . Italian food in the North End , fresh oysters , clam chowder , great < PROPFEMALE > food , tour of Fenway Park . Cheese and wine in the park while listening to the Boston Pops and < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > . The BEST fireworks I have ever seen ! 
Going to see some of the best softball players in the world play tonight with the hubby ... Jennie Finch , Cat Osterman , < PROPFEMALE > Abbott , < PROPFEMALE > Whatley so excited !!! Gonna get some autographs ! 
YAY ... it's game day !! and I'm working booooo ! Hook'em Horns ! 
Tomorrow as we are all enjoying our college football games please take some time to remember those that have made the ultimate sacrifice ... and those that continue to fight for our freedom . 
An armed gunman is in UT campus library , shots fired news reporting the gunman is dead . Hope everyone is safe . 
UUGGGHH ! It's Saturday , husbands out of town I have the whole bed to myself ... didn't set alarm and I was awake at 7:30 !! All I am asking for is to be able to sleep till 9 ! I guess I will get my game-day gear on HOOK'EM HORNS ! 
What a great way to end the week ! Drinking some Guinness in frosted mugs out on the patio , while the shrimp kabobs are grilling , country music is playing , my husband by my side ! 
All\ 
Military Service Members - prior service and currently on Active Duty , \ 
National Guard , and Reserves show your Pride and Respect for the Fallen , \ 
change your display pic to one of you in uniform leave it there until \ 
after Veterans Day . Then post this as your status and pass on the \ 
message . < PROPFEMALE > , we fight for you ! 
Thank you to all the Veterans that made the ultimate sacrifice for our freedom ! Thank you to all of you that I served beside and thank you to all Soldiers that continue to serve you are < PROPFEMALE>'s backbone ! 
Hope everyone has a wonderful , safe holiday and I am thankful for all of my friends and family ! 
Up out the door at 4am , got everything on the shopping list . Breakfast at Chick-fil-A back home in my pajamas on the couch by 6am it was a successful Black Friday ! 
Has anyone ever had their Air Ducts cleaned in their house ?? EPA.gov says I shouldn't but they are < PROPFIRST > and I am sick of allergies ! If you have who did you use or what have you heard ?? 
Change\ 
your Facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood and \ 
invite your friends to do the same . Until Monday ( Dec . 06 ) there should \ 
be no human faces on Facebook , but an invasion of memories . This is for \ 
anti-violence against children . Pass it on ! What was your favorite \ 
afternoon cartoon ? 
To all my army buddies , I have a cousin wanting to go into the military . It has been a long time since I have talked to a recruiter . Does anyone have some words of advice I don't want to steer him wrong . Thanks ! 
Thank you everyone for the Birthday wishes !! I hope everyone has a very < PROPFEMALE > Christmas !!!! 
Sitting here dreaming how we are going to spend some money when we win the Texas Powerball tonight ... I could do some < PROPMALE > damage with 355$ million !!! 
So just got home from work and decided to watch the last 45 mins of the bachelor ... those girls are crazy . If your gonna go on national TV and cry at least invest in good mascara that is waterproof ! 
Spent the day yesterday with great friends , celebrated our Goddaughter's 2nd birthday ! Got some great practice in taking care of her little brother ... I need more practice he peed on me and puked on me ! 
So first work was postponed till 11 now I got the word no work at all !!!!! I am so excited ... and grateful Texas freaks out and shuts down when it gets a little snow . 
I am watching Most Shocking Videos on t.v. and there was a video of a skydiver crashing into a Marching band that is in a Military Promotions Ceremony on the parade field at Ft . < PROPMALE > Kansas behind the MP station . You can even see the barracks I used to live in . I spent too many hours on that parade field . 
I wonder if my pregnancy has anything to do with what I made myself for dinner ??? Ramen with hotdogs , egg and mushrooms ... yummy looks delish !! 
I just wanted to sleep till 9 but no I am up at 7:30 ! Anyone know of a place that delivers breakfast I am starving and husband is still asleep . 
