might finally be back on a normal sleep schedule after a bad two days ... yay for C6H12O6 ! It makes everything better :) 

is annoyed that he can't sleep at normal times yet , but happy in a general sense . :) 
is enjoying having a little time to himself , but not TOO much ... 
I've had the house to myself since Wednesday ... and it's been nice - really nice ! 
is wondering what in the world he should do in his massive amounts of spare time . 
is considering all of the strange things in his life ... weird but cool . Ah , the crazy things science can do ! 
is frustrated with his poor ability to deal with multiple things at once ... 
just went and saw < PROPMALE > Potter 6 - all in all it was a really good movie , w00t ! 
is in a confusing state of mind . 
just got home from the dentist , and he can't talk because 3/4 of his face is numb ... including my < PROPFEMALE > , which is actually kind of fun ... 
is glad that he has awesome friends to chill with . 
is pondering the meaning of life ... and what he wants to eat right now , because he's hungry . 
is already psyched for The Wheel of Time 12 - The Gathering Storm , only 90 more days ! 
is busy reading ... only 85 more days ... 
just got a new laptop today ! w00t ! It is l337 ! 
shopping for school books , enjoying my l337 laptop , and only 80 days left to WoT 12 ! w00t !! 
is enjoying his last few days before school starts . 
stared at a computer screen for way too long today ... got a headache . 
is worried about starting school tomorrow . 
is excited that they moved up the release of \The Gathering Storm\ " to Oct . 27 ... that gives me 10 days per book ... can I do it ? " 
has 51 days to read 5 books ... well , as long as I stay on top of my homework better than I did this last week , I should be fine . 
has the house to himself for the next week and a half . Ah , free use of the big TV ... 
just made cookies ! 
feels like he should be ashamed of himself , but isn't quite ... does that make me a bad person ? 
One and a half more days of the house to myself ... a great < PROPFEMALE > is ending 
is worried about the next few days ... 
just hiked to the top of Mount Olympus and can barely move ! 
is already looking forward to Fall Break . 
is currently suppressing his < PROPFEMALE > to destroy random objects ... fire , smashing , explosion ... it's all good right now . 
woke up a little before 4 o'clock and couldn't get back to sleep , so I played Warcraft II . w00t for super old games ! 
Fall break is so nice ... 
Fall break was so nice ... and I didn't do any of my homework . Good thing I still have a week to finish most of it . 
bought book 12 of the Wheel of Time this morning and has already read the first 106 pages !!! Go Egwene ! 
just spent a while trying to find my keys ... they were in my hand . I blame irregular solar activity for my odd behavior . After all , the sun is on an 11-year cycle , and I distinctly remember doing something odd exactly 11 years ago ... 
just spent several hours repeatedly hauling a very heavy dummy up and down 15 feet ... scared some kids doing it though . Great Halloween ! 
just took a math test ... if that impossible question hadn't been worth 30% , I might have done well ... 
has destroyed his sleeping pattern and is still tired from staring at the computer too long on Saturday . 
did bad on the test , but so did everyone else , so with the curve , I got an A- ! w00t for the curve ! 
just got back from an awesome party with lots of friends from the mission . Good times . And I wore my \Pi\ " shirt ! w00t ! " 
has a math project , math test , and math assignment all coming up tomorrow ... and guess how many of those I've studied for/completed ? That's right , NONE ! I'm going to have a long night . 
just realized how often he has to answer \no\ " when people ask if I've heard a song or seen a movie . I need to get out more ... and let people see my awesome Rubik's Cube solving skills . " 
is super excited to meet his new niece ! I don't know when I will , but I'll be excited when I do ! 
Happy First Advent everybody ! 
experienced today for the first time the utter embarassment of having forgotten to put my phone on silent and having my whole class look at me . 
should be studying ... but I have a big pile of DVDs that I'd rather watch . 
Can anyone give me a ride up to < PROPFIRST > on the 22nd ? Or super early ( by 6:30 ) on the 23rd ? And is anybody going from < PROPFIRST > to SLC later that evening ? I like < PROPFIRST > , but I'd hate to get stranded there for Christmas . 
Just finished his final final ! Now I can concentrate on video games again , where my attention truly belongs ! 
just had an epiphany ! 
My sister lent me a puzzle she has - the picture changes depending on the < PROPFEMALE > you view it at ... I'm thinking it would be a good New Years < PROPFEMALE > activity for anyone willing to admit to being a huge nerd . Anyone wanna help , or do I have to eat all this food myself ? 
Just got home from a NYE party , and it's 5:20 am . Now can I get up at 9:30 ? 
woke up at 2 am today ... next time I wake up that early I'm going to pummel myself into unconsciousness and sleep until a decent time . 
did nothing productive with his long weekend and wishes it was longer . 
went to the < PROPMALE > High to help with math there , and someone came up to me and asked me if I was one of the kids ' dad ... do I really look like I could have a 12-year-old child ??? 
is very angry at his left shoe today . 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and past this as your status .. Then Put the first entry for your name under comments :) 
My horrific day ended up being not so bad by the end . 
Happy S.A.D. everyone ! Singles ' Awareness Day ! Or does my calculator count as a \significant other \"?" 
actually spent part of his 3-day weekend cleaning is room . Now there's space again ! 
Hypothesis : The world and everyone on it exists to confuse me . Experiment : Examine every moment of my own life . Conclusion : Hypothesis was correct . 
If there's an assignment , and no student is screaming in frustration , is it due ? 
Finally got his money for teaching the little children math ! Experience teaching + doing math + getting money = an awesome time ! 
How am I doing ? Just shiny . Hmm ... who's been watching Firefly recently ? :D 
1 h0p3 7h @t 3y3 p455ed | \\/ \\y m @7h t3s7 . I+ w @5 har| > . 
How are everyone's preparations going ? Tomorrow is the big day , 3/14 ! Pi Day ! I hear there's going to be a big parade in New York for it . The < PROPFEMALE>'s Pi Day Parade . I knew I should have submitted my float to the committee ... 
Happy Pi Day Everyone ! 
went to an awesome Thai restauraunt for lunch and it was amazingly good :D 
is enjoying his Spring Break and has actually been somewhat productive and not totally lazy . 
is enjoying the combination of a faster internet connection and a week off of school . Maybe a little too much . 
So many Schmetterlings ... why must there be so many ? 
had a terrific weekend ! A great ending to a fun week of Spring Break . 
just got really excited when he saw the thermometer because the temperature inside was exactly 1.5 x the outside temperature ... I'm a nerd for noticing and an über-nerd for being so happy about it . 
enjoyed my Friday , but all the school work I've been putting off is going to catch up with me on Saturday and Sunday . 
would really like to NOT spend 13 hours at school anymore . 
is a heartless jerk who needs some sense beaten into him ... any volunteers ? Just don't break my glasses . 
Der Pudel des Todes ! There are few cartoons funnier than Nicht Lustig , odd as they sometimes are . 
had a great time at the concert , but he has to wonder why there was so much traffic so late at night . Especially in Provo . 
is the week over yet ? 
is not looking forward to next week and the accompanying tests , homework , and inevitable stress . Anybody want to pretend to be me for a week ? 
feels simultaneously like he has a lot and absolutely nothing to do . How does that happen ? And how do I deal with it ? Maybe I'll do some math . That always calms me . Or I can solve my Rubik's Cube a couple dozen times . Or I could get a normal life .... pft , yeah , right . 
anybody else have a craving to watch Hogan's Heroes and eat popcorn with an unhealthy amount of butter on it ? 
Classes themselves are over , I just have a few small projects and two finals and then I'm done . So close !!! 
Took yesterday off since I didn't have class . And then just before I went to bed , I counted up all the stuff that I had to do today ... and almost cried when I realized how much it was . Procrastinating is only fun until 12 hours before everything is due at once . 
really hates church at 1:00 . 9:00 is SO much better ! 
wants tomorrow to be banished from existence as well as all things that would happen tomorrow . I don't want them to get moved to a later time- just vanishing completely would be fine . 
' s evil plans are now bearing fruit ... mwahahahaha !!! 
I was going to join your group , but then I realized the glaring spelling error of a common word in the name of the group and decided I didn't want to affiliate myself with that kind of thing . Sorry . 
wonders how many of his friends would show up if he announced a party where all we were going to do was play chess , since i have about a dozen chess boards . Knowing the type of friends I have , probably a surprisingly large number of them . I have awesomely nerdy/geeky friends . :D 
Squeezed\ 
a pint of blood out of my arm in 4:34 . I wonder what the record is for\ 
a blood donation . In 8 weeks I'll see if I can beat my personal best . 
just got a check in the mail ! I was supposed to get it a month ago , and there were supposed to be two others with it , but at least I finally got the one . 
passed his math final ... somehow . 
has way too much junk food left over from his party . 
was at least semi-productive for two weeks . Now what ? Seriously , any ideas for what I should do with my summer ? 
Don't you hate that feeling when you're not hungry enough to eat , but you can't stand the thought of not eating something anyway ? Grr ... digest faster ! 
A particular Maroon 5 song comes to mind and rather succinctly sums up my mental state at the moment . 
Hippopotomonstrosesquipedaliophobia - the fear of long\ 
words 
Yay ! Thunder and lightning ! I've missed you so much . 
just went on a bike ride that was long enough that it felt weird to walk when I got off my bike . Odd feeling . 
Less than 140 days to the release of book 13 ! The Towers of Midnight is gonna be SO awesome ! 
what does it say about me if I set up an elaborate system for counting certain words in the subtitles of movies and then try to keep a real-time breakdown of the prime factorization of the sum of the words counted ? Those who don't know me well might think this is just some weird post ... those who know me better know that I actually would do this . 
spent 5 hours at the hospital ... but my sister was there for a lot longer - but more members of my family are coming out of the hospital than went into it :D 
I might be sunburned , but at least that's proof that I DO leave my dark comfy basement and go outside . Occasionally . 
my headphones broke ... again . Anyone have a good recommendation for where has them decently priced and what brand to get ? I mostly use them when I ride my bike . 
only 128 days left to WoT 13 ! That's 10000000 days in binary ! 
enjoyed watching a humming bird get chased off by a < PROPFIRST > this morning on < PROPFEMALE > Square . 
The time on the clock is 8:58 . The prime factorization of 858 is 2*3*11*13 . That's the first two single digit prime < PROPFIRST > and the first two double digit prime < PROPFIRST > .... why did I just figure all that out ? If you can give me an interesting and believable answer to that question , you earn a P h.D. in Psychology . 
I finally cleaned my laptop screen . I can see again ! No more giant smudges obscuring my game . 
just got back from an awesome camping trip up in < PROPFIRST > . The only problem was , my life revolves entirely too much around facebook , so spending 2 days away from here and I suddenly feel like I'm behind on what all my friends are up to ... 
rode approximately 40 < PROPMALE > this morning . Not nearly as good as my brothers can do , but still , I feel good for having done it . 
\And now we stand upon the precipice - we are come to it at last : the crossroads of our destiny . \ " - anonymous " 
I realize it's a holiday weekend , but is there seriously a call for THAT much traffic at 12:30 in the morning ? 
My afternoon nap turned into 12 hours of sleep . 
is having one of those weeks where I have so many little things to do that I'm starting to get paranoid that I'll forget something . 
Some people plan their day around TV schedules . I plan my day around when the time on the clock is divisible by 9 . 
How nerdy do I have to be to have a dream about missing a lunar eclipse and considering it a nightmare ? 
Bones - \When the butterfly emerges 
All hail the mighty Titanium Spork - the ultimate weapon which will allow me to become ruler of the galaxy . Feel the power .... 
Rode a Jet Ski for the first time today ... wow ! I normally enjoy being sheltered since normal people scare me , but this one I'm sad about only just now discovering . 
Just saw an amazingly beautiful sunset as I came out of Big Cottonwood Canyon . I suppose going outside sometimes has its benefits . 
i repress deep inner feelings of hatred for my friend < PROPFIRST > . 
Well , the second week of school has started . At least I'm not behind on my homework ( yet ) . 
\I reject your reality and substitute my own ! \"" 
I know I'm a nerd , because when I saw that I had exactly 256 friends my first thought was \16^2 ! \ " And my next thought was \ " I want to post that math fact on my facebook status ! \ " ( Note : 256 also equals 2^8 or 2^(2^3 ) ) . :D :D :D " 
How nerdy is my family ? My dad and brother-in-law are currently discussing the pros and cons of different rocket configurations for the space program . And they're actually covering the engineering and logistical aspects of construction and implementation . I'm a little freaked out .... but REALLY impressed . :) 
\I am not less perfect than Lore \"" 
Went to sleep and my homework wasn't done . I dreamed about ways to solve differential equations as I slept . If it wasn't official before , it certainly is now : I'm a nerd !!! 
( said in soft menacing voice ) \It smells good . It smells like ... destruction \"" 
Is supremely tired . As much as I loved Disneyland and California Adventure , I'm glad to be home . And I might skip one or two classes tomorrow and sleep instead . Thanks for driving us all the way there and back < PROPFIRST > ! 
Well , I'm sick and throwing up , but at least I didn't get it until my vacation was over . And it gave me an excuse to come home from school early . 
SNOW !!!! 
After driving around late at night I just want to say three things : 1 . thank you to the guy at the gas station who bailed me out of a jam , which was due to the poor procedures of the stupid gas station , 2 . I like snow , but driving in snow at night is rather annoying , and 3 . The Wasatch Mountains cut an awesome profile at 1 am when it's overcast . 
w00t ! I got copy #926 of Towers of Midnight , the 13th installment of the Wheel of Time ! I got home at 4 am , but it was totally worth it . 
\Welcome to text-only Counterstrike :\ 
just counted to 512 in binary on his fingers . I should stop waking up so early when I have nothing else to do . 
Saw an amazingly awe-inspiring sunset . Good thing I needed to go to the library . :D 
Happy First Advent ! 
Happy Second Advent ! Everyone light two candles ! 
So\ 
2010 is almost over , so ' like ' this status if I ever made you smile \ 
this year . Then set this as your status , you'll be surprised how many \ 
people have smiled :) 
Happy Third Advent everybody ! Two more finals to go , and then I can enjoy the rest of my Christmas break ! 
Somehow , I managed to get 98% on my first final ! Let's hope the next 2 go as well . 
How did I get a song stuck in my head that I haven't heard in almost 15 years ? I mean , < PROPFIRST > and the Giant Peach ?? Where did that come from ? 
Thanks to all my friends who came to my end-of-semester Halo bash ! It was amazing , even though I was sucking it up most of the night ... oh well . Problem is , I only managed 4 hours of sleep after it . 
And I can finally light all four of my Adventskerzen at once ! Happy vierte Advent , everybody ! 
Happy Winter Solstice , and though you can't see it with all the clouds , enjoy the Lunar Eclipse tonight ! 
Just watching MASH and it took me a minute to figure out which word they said : commendation or condemnation . Rather different meanings to those two words , but they sound pretty close , don't they ? 
The new rice cooker I got for Christmas might just be the best thing ever . First , it's easier to use , and second it is a LOT easier to clean :D 
I wanted to go to sleep , but there was a dead spider on my blanket . If there was one bad thing about having my room in the basement , it's the spiders . 
Have you ever noticed the spell-check on facebook ? It always says \facebook\ " is misspelled . You'd think they would have added that one . ;) " 
