No school fuck ya ! you know what tha means ... 

Just tired as shit from the game . ready to kick parkersburgs ass 
tired as crap had a great night though last night 
goin to bed , exhausted a can be 
Just chillin 
... soccer 
Just got back from work , gettin ready to talk to < PROPMALE > and then sleep haha 
Lookin forward to skiing . Getting ready to talk to < PROPMALE > 
Sitti around chillin if ya feel me . Maybe hittin up winterplace 
What a night .. happy motha fuckin new years ! 
just got back from snowshoe . fuckin school ... 
just chillin .... 
Everyone must listen to Feeling alright by rebelution .. do yourself a favor and download it 
Well looks like im off to alternative haha 
just jammin to some tunes 
just gazing at my tank ... wasting time haha 
working on my application to coastal < PROPFEMALE > , jammin to some tunes 
just watched a cool video of a waterfall in my closet . jammin to some excellent rebelution tunes 
just layin in bed after a good ol dinner 
just kickin back and jammin to some tunes 
just chillin .. 
Jammin to a bit of Rebelution 
some good ol rebelution 
just some good rebelution as usual 
thinkin about the world cup already 
I Dont have school tomorrow , alternative ... eh , cant complain 
off to snowshoe for a skir race !! 
chillin up a snowshoe , hittin the hay 
tired as hell , listening to some chill music 
strenous thinking isnt enjoyable .. 
eating a bowl of cereal and then goin to bed , aint dat the truth ? 
thinking of which to choose between the three B's 
jammin to some raggae 
hittin up winterplace with tp 
the pollination station 
music is the medicine of the world 
tired as hell , kickin back 
just watching road trip ... a classic 
At work bored as hell ... 
just chillin at the house , munchin on some food . jammin to some tunes .. nice 
some girls are dumb as hell .. u cant help but laugh 
jammin to bassnectar ... a genius 
going longboarding ! 
had an epic wreck on my longboard . no school for me tomorrow :) or any other friday that is ... 
jammin to some pandora radio .. 
hell ya daylights savings time . evan had a sweet longboard wreck .. nice 
make the rain go away 
pumped for st. < PROPFIRST>'s tomorrow 
feelin sick . F this noise .... 
hell ya sunshine ... longboarding 
waitin to kick off saint < PROPFIRST > celbrations 
typing a letter for college . then some quality < PROPFEMALE > gazing . no school tommorrow as always hell ya . 
theres a storm-a-brewin 
best day of longboarding ever .. 
DISCOVERY LIFE ! hell ya ! 
Just chillin watchin the ol fish tank . no work tomorrow = stayin up and sleepin in 
fuck thiis shit 
ready for some warm summer nights 
packin for < PROPFEMALE > 
broke my expensive fish tank light , hell ya 
off to europe ... cool 
just watched eurotrip before im off .. 
In Europe , now in < PROPFEMALE > , to the Leuve mutha fuckas 
Finally home europe was dope . pounded that brew of course . a good day of longboarding to follow !! 
takin a nap and then ice cream wat a day ! 
i love a broken cellphone . 
got my phone workin hell ya . Contemplating how to spend the last day of break 
no school till monday hell ya 
had a dope weekend . motown for the day tomorrow hell ya 
gettin my daily liquid carbs in 
finally got a working phone again , hell ya 
hittin up the good ol N64 
da lasst one standing 
screw this rain , bring on the sun !!! 
just a good ol bonfire is where its at 
downloading some high quality bassnectar if ya feels me 
F'ing a cotton 
boarding out in the sun , check . 
Beach and beer ! 
Back from the beach , summertime 
wate , wate ..... what ?? 
Where is my mind ? 
Just got the iPhone 4 . Hells ya 
Down at the obx gettin my beach on . 
Go Netherlands !! 
To the bitch ! 
Fuck this noise !! 
Back home in wv finally 
Fuck work in the morning ! 
Inception blew my mind . 
Summertime .. and the livins easy 
Iphone4 otterbox is sick ! 
When it hits the lips it's just so good 
Ganja babe ... 
Motown bound .. 
Luda and super mash bros threw down in Motown 
To Salisbury 
I'm trying to find a balance , I'm tryin to build a balance .... 
...... bassnectar . 
Ready to ball tonight in some soccer 
Country roads take me home .. Btown bound 
On the stairway to heaven .... 
im a lesbian . 
The Truth is simple .. 
studying ... fuck me 
I love cock 
Is ready to rage all night 
A clean 5er for breakfast ... 
bassnectar mixtapes ... what more could you ask for ?? 
thirsty thursdays .. o ya 
lez go mountaneers ! 
just got my macbook pro ! chika chika ya ....... 
super mashin it up 
Finally out of the bury !! Ready to get back to btown 
finally back in btown .. oh yea 
.. good first day out at WP 
Solid night out at WP 
iphone4 + water = fuck me 
WVU ... wow 
Yo appreciate all the happy bdays ! Just another good year 
Just crashed my fuckin jeep ... fck !!! 
iphone+saltwater = fuck my life 
no iphone4 , no contacts , no jeep ... fuuccckkk 
So long dub v ... until next time . Feels good to be whippin the jeep again 
Lez go Jets ! Fuck the Steelers !!! 
good to be back in the bury 
R.I.P. the 5er 
got a new iphone4 . O yaa 
Lezz go Celtics ! 
Alrightt Green Bay , fuck da steelers 
Letz go DubV 
first calc exam down o ya ! 
Maxn and relaxinn 
Alll gooodd !!! 
studying = mission impossible 
STS9 at all good !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
quenching my thirst 
MOUNTANEERS !!!!!!!!!!! 
Wow that wasnt good at all , fucking damnit !!!!!!!!! 
getting my morning dose of dubbbbbbbb 
Nice ass day for some frisbee tossin ya digg 
Alarm didn't go off and now my car battery is dead wtf 
thank you Situation for makin yourself look like a fuckin idiot and showin just how gay the jersey shore is 
Bvegas bound .. O yeaa 
