Tonight was , sister <3 , mission to Reddlands , ppl , it was weeeeddddtastic , to mission two crestline , homies , weeeeeeeeeeeedtasticccccc times two , almost got into an accident , but I whippedd my bitch and not a scratch (; I drive too fast haha . Good New Years Weekend <3 

New To This ? 
It always comes back to you . It always comes back to me . I love you . 
Love is evil , spell it backwards . 
I love you , and that's all that matters . I'm sorry ... 
If you deny your heart , your denying life , and without life ... There is no you ... Denying yourself will just lead to unhappiness . 
Baby we should sleep on it tonight , and give our hearts just one more < PROPMALE > to change our minds . 
Your happiness is conflicting with mine . It won't work like this for much longer . 
What you say , it don't hurt me ... No more . Bitch , you get no love . Haha ((: 
What you say , it don't hurt me ... No more . Bitch , you get no love . Haha ((: SINGLE fursure <3 ((((: 
Our hearts changed our minds <3 
I really dont like anyone right . 
I really dont like anyone right now . 
Bitch , Bitch , BITCH . That's all you ever DO ! 
& Frankly , I can post whatever the fuck I want on the internet . Period . 
Omg , thank God for Church <3 It really lifted me today , I really needed that . 
I feel like a weight has been lifted off my shoulders <3 ((: 
Hello boys , hello girls <3 I've had my inner beast in hiding for 7 long months (; 
& You men wonder why we don't trust you , why we don't give you our hearts . Ha , when you call my name out at night ... Remember I an't coming . 
Long night , good night . <3 
New Photos <3 ((: 
Life is one big interesting puzzle . I love it <3 
Wow , life is so complicated . But it's funny how simple love is ... Love just wants what it loves . 
What is the point ? 
Crazy Love . 
Every guy needs a muse <3 
It's October already ?!?! Time went by < PROPFEMALE > fast . 
I'm so tierd of idiots . 
Wtf does \hmu\ " mean ? " 
New addiction : Poker . (& My gambling diease just gets stronger . ) 
Last night showed me who really cares , and who really needs to stay out of my life . 
Lmao . 
Today <33 // I'ma \Nascar that bitch\ " haha ! " 
((((: & WTF ?!?! Lmao all night ! <3 
Relieved <3 ((: Everyday gets easier and better than the last . 
Fuck what you heard , the world is [ mine . ] 
Finally Friday !! <3 ((: 
Intense ! <3 Good friday ((: 
Saturday <3 Whoot whoot ! Mmmmmm ((: 
Your a fucking CREEP . Stay the fuck away from me . 
Wow , I never would have thought you'd be such a CREEP . 
Look for me on facebook <3 && I love lazy sundays ((: 
Me + Morongo = Poker allllllllll niggghhttt <33 Latteee ! 
Ha . < PROPFIRST > , you need to get over yourself , IMMEDIATELY . Lmao . 
No shame in my game <3 F ' itt . 
Interview tm ! <3 Wish me luck ? 
Dang , I hope I get the job ! I did pretty good at my interview today <3 Pray for me please ! <3 
Thank God I went to church tonight ! Man it really helped me get my head on straight again <3 Everything is amazing ((: 
Too much bullshit . 
Heck yes ! I got a new phone , texting/picturee , and internet <3 HMU ! For the digits ((: 
Another interview tm ((: 
Its official , I'm the dumbest woman a live hahaha . FML . But I guess I'm also the happiest . 
Haaaa . You'll regret it . 
LMAO all dayy all dayy . Haaaaaaa . Funny how you can cry over me one second , then I catch you for cheating on me , and then you cry some more , then you act hard like you don't care ? HA . Yall an't foolin me that's fursure . LMAO . Funny tricks . He was MINE for the past 7 months , and MINES when you kissed him . And MINES tonight . HAHA . But I just through him to the curbb . FUCK itt <3 
Ha , last night made me wana turn into SAMMI when she got down n crazy with JWOW . Haha . But F ' that . No one is worth that haha . I'm over it . WORK TM <33 ((: 
Saturdayyy , tryin to get a lot done tonight , hit me up ! 
Ha . Love ittt 
Just got home , I'm alive ! 
Whoooo wants to play pokerr ? 
And basically , I don't give a fuckk . 
\I've been through a lot\ " is over used . Why don't yall just stop going through shit like your some x-man ? " 
\Halloween\ " is just another excuse alcholics use . " 
Fuck grimey people , period . 
Best way to explain me : I'm a Warrior . Period . Matter of fact , I'm the Amazon < PROPFEMALE > , BITCH . 
I just wana meet my soulmate , get hitched , and have little warrior babies . 
Haha , I hate people that one minute talk shit about people behind their back like they can defeat them , and the next kissing their ass . Funny as fuck . 
I'd lay down anything for you . True shit , you make me forget about everyone else , they an't got nothing on you . 
I'm lesbian for the night . If you see me at the clubb tonight , hitt meee upp . Late <3 
I love how weak bitches cry for attention on the dance floor with weaaak sexuality . I command attention with the < PROPMALE > of dance , I battle the boys , I go hard . Become a warrior , or get over it like a bitch . 
Ha just got home ... Crazy Saturday . 
I made it another day . Thank God <3 . 
I love how sexist the Halloween costume desiners are . Halloween is just another form of male dominiance , and their egos . Females : Don't fall for the bullshit . Let's take the \weener\ " out of \ " Hallo weener . \ " Hello Weiners ? Use your brain more than your boobies ladies ((: " 
Thank you Lord <3 You really saved my ass today . 
I don't talk shit , I talk REAL shit . 
I know who I'm getting fired soon ((: Haaaa ! 
Thats what I thought , baby back bitch . 
I've never said this on the internet but , I love my car <3 < PROPMALE > TACO @ 2:13 AM . Besties only ((: Gnight ! 
Always calm , if you an't calm , its cuz you an't winning . 
REGULATOR OUT ! Hahaha . 
Haha , nosey bitch had to go and read everything I wrote to someone else , and then talk shit to that person about me . Via internet . WOW . When it had nothing to do with them . Now isn't THAT drama ? Grow the fuck up . LMAO . 
I wish facebook had a button called , \Punch . \ " For all them scarred bitches who avoid and run in real life . ((: Let em think they some types of hard . Haaa . " 
< PROPFIRST > Smith ; R.I.P. That just broke my heart ........ </3 
Tonight was bomb . I got dowwn . DJ played for ME <3 Goodnight ((: 
I'm grateful to even be living this rollercoaster called life . 
Ewww , you make me sick . You make me wana throw up . Nasty . 
Narcotics Anonymous . 
Fuck grimey drama filled fake bitches haha . \Alll dayy alll daayy . \ " HAHA . " 
< PROPFIRST > Brown <3 < PROPFEMALE > Boxer <3 < PROPFEMALE > Karris <3 Prop 19 :( </3 
Fuck you . I'm not the sucicide bomber anymore and you never were the promised land . 
Yeah bitch nigguh , I AM irreplacable . Thats the only fact you ever got straight . Haha . Keep beggin , but it an't working ((: Single/FREEDOM feels sooo good <3 Not gonnah give it up for [ no ] bitch . 
Finally Friday ! <3 
Wow . Haha (: 
Haha fun night <3 I realized the funniest stuff tonight . Loved it haha . 
Besties Bday tm ! <3 
I think its funny when you get someones number , talk to them for like a lil bit for various reasons , and then never talk to them again . So now you look thru your contacts , and your like ... Who the fuck is \Ash from temecula\ " ? " 
Sorry boys , I'm looking for a higher pick of the litter . 
So I burnt my finger , its really annoying ... Reminds me of you . 
Ha , chump you think you can step up to the professional ? Psh , please . Watch how quick you get put in your spot . Haha . I love na <3 
Love should only affect your heart , not your life . Real shit . 
Fuck myspace . 
Why the fuck is Lake Elsinore so far . Haha . 
I need a bestfriend that can keep up with me . So if you like to club , party , rave , smoke , and most importantly dance , then hit me up . I'm looking for a role girl . A girl I'll always take with meeee ((: On the weekends ! Chill guys may apply too . 
Slow shuffleing goes lame . I think if you can't handle going faster and moving more , then your just lazy haha . With lame talent . Dance , FURREAL . Don't limit your body to just one style of dance , create your own style . Furreal . 
So far , I know of 3 parties outside SB , and a club . Who's down to rep 909 tonight ? 
First day on the new job . Tierd . Haha . 
Smoking with < PROPFIRST > tonight <3 Perfect way to end todayy ((: 
Haha , tonight I got my dog high by coming home from a sesh and then constricting the the left over smoke outtah my lungs for my dog to hit it . Twice . She loved it . Now shes bloodshot red eyed high haha . Poor dawgy :/ I gottah take care of her tonight <3 She's not \optimium dog\ " right now . Haha . <3 " 
Sore , thank God for weed <3 
Mmmmm , bitch you a fish , I'm looking for a shark <3 
I do me , you do you . Thats the way its fursure been since before you were a sixth grader . 
Yah feel me ? <3 
Never touch a boy , and rock a MAN's world . <3 
Loved the smoke sesh with Stephhy&&Sarrraa <3 
Haha , wow , if you only knew . HA . Great night <3 Can't wait till tm night , then friday , then saturday , then sunday . Hahahahahaha . < PROPFEMALE > know how I do it (; There is no rest for the wicked . 
I never grasped how much I hurt you , untill last night . I guess I've always been a little heartbreaker . Cold as ice baby <3 It's hard to break what's frozen solid ! Hahaha . 
Life is filled with gun's n < PROPFEMALE>'s . 
FINALLLY FRIDAY <3 Gonnah have the Dancer's Code of Honor tonight . Smoke , Party , Dance ! Hell yes . I win , win , win , no matter what . 
Party . Riverside . Who's down ? Hmu . 
It's not my fault I'm a crazy bitch that grew up in the hood ? Don't disrespect . Tonight shall be legit . Got room in my car if anyones tryin to party in Riverside ((: Hmu . 
Great night . Now goodnight (: 
These boys straight unattractive . 
I'm really sick ... Like seriousli can't even leave my house sick . Someone come make me feel better ! :( Smokee festt at my house ? <3 
Bitch , you know I can fight ... Bet you wish you knew what else I can do . Ha , you don't know me hoe . (; 
Give me your mind . I'm mind fucking you now . Now I'm done . On to the next one . 
Mmmmmmmm ... Baby you go hard on thaa PL radio . Every dancer needs her DJ <3 Romance and music , together forever . 
Like this if you are attractive . 
Got < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ' s baby shower invite today in the mail ((: Who's going ? 
Fuck temps . 
Foood is bomb . (: 
You bitches can lick up my sucess . 
Whos down to blaze ? 
Smokin dat bomb <3 
I need a connect in the northend of sb . Now . Hmu . 
It's funny how fuckin sad people are . And it's sad how the media exploits people's ignorance . Fuck Black Friday . Ha . Waiting for days and hours to save 25% on each product . Fuck that . Haha . And their still clippin ' coupons ? Wow . All the while the stores will still get bank . Haaaaaaaa . Poor Americans . 
Fuck your cousin . Gone out , <3 
Yeah gottah know what to do . On sight , on sight . Good night ! ( : 
Party in the northend , or Fontana with muh bomby on top of bomby girl ? I'll take some of that everlasting bowl please . (; I think my mind made up . 
Tonight's Agenda : Smoke Fest/Kick back in Highland , then party in Fontana , then after party in SB to top it off . Hmu <3 DOWN PEOPLE ONLY . 
Fuck Sundays . Whos down to smoke . 
Fuck the bullshit . 
Pink pussy and white wine . (; 
Long day , stoner night <3 
Obviousli she wants it . Haha . (; 
Like this if your in love with being single . I am <3 
There an't no rest for the wicked (; 
Dear my old hood , you took the best of me , turned me into the worst . Getting off your streets was the best thing I did in my life . Old homies , still doing the same grime . I miss you at times , the gun powder , the white lady , and yes , even the thrill of the < PROPMALE > . Every day in you only had the same goals . I thank God for everyday I'm free from you . But if anyone asks , \I didn't see shit . \ " (;" 
Someone give me a good excuse to tell the people at Narcotics Anyonmous for why I don't wana go to the meeting tonight . BESIDES THAT I'M A POTHEAD . Thank you <3 
I love people . ((: 
Let's get it crackin tonight <3 
Love is a waiting game for two . 
I love < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . I can't wait to see the mini tutuface ((: Her baby shower was the buisness <3 Smoke tonight , fade , eat , and sleep . Sounds good to me . 
Haha . Beach night (: 
I love being single ! (: 
No strings attached anyone ? Haha . 
Wow . I pretty much got the option to live anywhere in the US . I don't know where I want to go , I love my California (: Help ? Whos down to get an apartment with me if I stay in Cali btw ... 
\Your a beast thats why . \ " Ganja + Tuesdays + Gym = GTG wit < PROPFEMALE > Rodriguez <3 " 
Fuck . 
Mmmmmmm , shopping . (; 
Let's get this shit straight , fuck hoes , fuck slutty bitches who think they can dance but they just grind on guys , fuck scarred bitches that say they wana beat my ass via text , then next day I show up and I bang on they(/MY EX ) boyfriend and his house and his grandma and her , and don't come outside for the fade not once . 
So I'm a bitch when I'm bossed up ? Haha . 
Knotts with < PROPFEMALE > Rodriguez was so fun <3 This weekend was super busy , but all types of fun . 
Likes all the random people in her life . Mall time w/ < PROPFEMALE > . Shop . Ganja . Eat . Sleep . 
I can't be tamed . 
Making bomb burritos for the fam , then gonnah get ready for tonight ((: I swear , I'ma nocturnal creature that feeds on tha ganja haha ! P.S. I love sephora with all my <3 
Fuck my life . Haha . 
Last night was crazy . 
Haha . There would be a gorgeous guy behind me . 
I bang limp bizkit . 
I don't give a fuck bout no trick or no < PROPMALE > . It's all about what's mine . 
Likes tonight being a success <3 
Some people know no bounds . 
I don't need a boy that asks , I need a man that grabs . Knows what's his , no need to second guess . Pin me to the bed , and get vigirious . Put in as much work as I do . I need a boss , a man that can back up his ego . Roast , boast , and toast kinda man . 
P.S. , WESTSIDE . Stay banging . 
Bomb on top of bomb . (; 
Stfu . 
Remember one thing and one thing only , your feel safe , but your really not . Wicked < PROPMALE > thoughts . 
Blaze tonight ? 
Fuck bitches that talk shit yet can't take a hit . 
11% of 52.3 mb uploaded . Hahaha this is intense . I'm never getting myself into this bs ... UGH . SOOOO NOT WORTH IT . Guys are grimey :/ 
People * who care , are people * who get hurt . 
Only thing quicker than my hands , is my mouth . 
What a wonderful world <3 
I need a new connect right now haha . 
I got too much booty for that boy to handle . Hahaha . 
Run this shit like a Mafia <3 , or run like a punk bitch . 
Today I got hunted and out smarted the other < PROPMALE > hahaha . He was mad he didn't get me .. Hahaha . Can't catch meeee ! Haha . Oh and that subway white boy , the punker mexi girl and arabian manager I had laughing with my knowledge of their work place . Once again , your in MY hood . Hahaha . 
And if all you leave em with this none sense , your going to leave them with a mystery they want to solve . If you leave em with answers , you'll leave them with something they'll never remember . 
Trying to keep me outtah trouble is like trying to keep the sun from shineing , and trust , the excitment makes me wana give all you mother fuckers some third degree burns . 
JG Wentworth is the sexiest old dude . 
Tonight <3 Got my car , got my bitches , got my weed , got my money , got my destination . Hahahaha , got my objective : Dance , AND GO HARD INTO 2011 <3 Happy New Years everyone , see you later my beasts of the nights (; 
I gottah fight a felony ? FUCK THE SYSTEM . 
It's official , I'm looking for a dance studio and/or a dance crew , that doesn't focus on one style of dance . I rock em all (; 
Who's trying to match a bowl or two ? 
is masturbating . 
Because I'm cool like that . (; 
I can show you how to unlock yo ' body . 
You irritate the fuck out of me . 
Love should be the easiest desicion in your life , if it isn't , its cause your fuckin with the wrong person . 
I hate when bitches put on 3 by 4 inches of bright blush on their face , in the wrong spot of their face too , looking like a porcelain clown doll . Get outtah here with that weak fake shit . 
The official name for my vagina is Cheetah . Yeah , I copy right that , bitch . 
At work , dying for some weed . Off at 9ish , hmu if your trying to smoke . NO FLAKES . 
Fight for what you want , fuck being peacefully tamed . Go hard . Just a stoner thought . Bang bang bang . Bitch . Westside . (: 
I know I can't ever legally own or use a gun , but I'm going hunting . I DON'T GIVE A FUCK . <3 
Sorry facebook I been gone , I was getting some head . 
Boys need to stop getting into fights at the bar over females . 
Hahaha I told you I'd get you bitch . Talk shit , get hit ! 
This bitch needs to leave so I can masturbate in peace . 
I think I'ma make an appearance at cajon soon ... Hahaha . Sounds like fun ((: 
Who wants to go to the beach tonight , blaze , drink . Let me know asap cuz we finna leave soon . 
This is why you guys don't deal with wifeys , so I don't like what shes saying , so I < PROPFEMALE > up ... Then she goes and calls my cell over and over again like 5 times , then my house too , then texts , then calls ... And your just like ... Dam ... Stfu , you buggin . Thank God she an't got my bosses ' number shit ... Haha . 
And then when she cries it like a bitter sweet surprise . Fucccckkkkkkkk , I fucked up my babby lovee . :( 
Came to work to deal with dead puppy ... Yeah ... No fair . 
Mission after mission . Cash after Cash ... Idk ... Doin ' it right . All fun (: 
Damn .... Haven't had < PROPMALE > in so long ... Wish they weren't all the same . Ha . Step yo game upp boyyss . 
What's on my mind ? Not a damn thing , thank God . <3 
They ask how I do everything right , I say , I don't have to do much , but be me ... Haha . 
I feel like some man hunting , or should I call it bitch hunting ? Hi , my name is Pain , and I don't give a fuck what you say cuz I got yoo ' name . And thats all I need . (: 
I an't a hater , yeah I'm a regulator , but that shit just comes back to dumb fucks . Revenge is bitter sweet , espically on these streets . But when you just show just a bit of your badassness , they just don't understand it . They just love it . 
Weed , Peforming Arts , and Money . All day all day . 
I thought I told you that I won't stop . Haha <3 
Dam . I heart you . Hard . 
So fate is calling . 
I forgot what this felt like . I guess thats what hearts are for . 
I love all you bitches on the real . 
I hate dam crazy bitches that make up their lives on fb and make up boyfriends profiles and yet are never seen or photographed together haha . And that start a gang of drama with it all , just for attention , yeah ... FUCK YOU FAKE BITCH . I knew I would figure out who was the real one haa . 
I just want to kill some < PROPMALE > beasts , chant to Artemis , < PROPFIRST > my skin with the beast's blood , over and over again ... Soooooo relaxing . 
Wake and bake (: I work sorta too much . But at twelve bucks an hour ... Who gives a fuck !? Hahaha . (: well work then play on friday (; 
Life is so great . 
Sometimes I miss having a bf . I really just wana hula dance on < PROPMALE > . 
Those who seek to defy the rules of life , are always the ones to blow your mind ; the ones highly criticized . Let them live among you in peace , act as branches intertwining wise knowledge in a hectic , chaotic world , they are the peaceful reminders of human potential . Yeah , bitch you can quote me . I love writing , it's too easy . 
iPad , anywhere ((; 
I wonder if there's any black guys that only date within their race . Haha . 
I got valentines even tho I don't celebrate valentines haha . Got court on valentines day . Haha . Fuck the system . Got 99 problems , and they all bitches . I feel like vandalizing . I always feel like that tho . That and getting bitches are two of my hobbies . I'll keep performing arts , beyond my last breath . Why I insist on being single they ask , cuz I'm too dam picky , but idgaf , cuz only a Titan can tame a Titan . 
Ballet , ballet , ballet , I don't wana do fucking ballet ! I'm totally trying out for so you think you can dance next season . (: 
And with you in my heart , it's a battle between love and life . 
Anyone hating on lil < PROPMALE > , where's your success ? Get some , till then , stfu . 
Why are some people just filled with bullshit ? Fuck tha bullshit all day . I hate the fake game gotta impress other fakes people too . Im too raw for this skunk . 
I swear I could write a < PROPMALE > on you sluts . 
Love peace , but from past expierances , can't have peace with love . That changes with time . Good valentines week (: 
All you people need to stop with that foreploy . 
You know what I hate ? People that post obvious shit . And act so hard for it . Like start the day with a bowl .... Ugh mandatory ? Get in a brownie too , first thing you eat . Duh . Work , duh . School , duh . Guys offering you free things n being overly polite , DUH . Buy your own car , DUH . Love shit , SO PLAYED OUT , and words coming from ignorance . Please thrill me with an actual topic , instead of the obvious . 
Dear San Bernardino , there's some ghetto shit goin ' on here . 
And I don't got marks , cuz I know how to avoid them . I swear this world gonnah leave me enraged . I love this life , but I miss you . I could say that same line a few hundred times . Time separates us all , and love is like a tie . I'm just so lost in thought . Only clouds can keep me sane . And there goes the switch , the emotions are off . Lick my butt hole bitches . 
420 : we should go to 420 fest this year together (: but your beauty is intimidating , your strength is inspirational , your laughter is contagious , and I understand you . You pretty awesome , real , and you don't give a fuck what they think , ur super dope . And it's sexy when u rollin or packin , < PROPFEMALE > don't even kno . I say homo shit sometimes , but I'm half homo what u expect , but it's platonic the love I got for you (: 
I swear I need a camera crew , my life is just too funny , and sad . Ha , but fuuuuuuuuuuucccccccccccckkkkkkkkkk it . 
Protesters in Libya go hard . I really been feenin for a good protest walk , or a march for a good cause ... Let me dance in front of your tank , put a < PROPFEMALE > in your barrel (: Ever since the < PROPMALE > of pop died , I feel a swagger harder than my own , it's like a connection from the grave . I feel it . 
My lil bro goin to work with me todaayyy , hope him n my darling Samirah hit it off ! Shes so cute she needs to be family (: 
I'm with greens in my piece I packed , n I drop the green some how , and my wonderful dog straight up leads me to it . Always have a plan B set up . Training bitches is too easy . 
Phones broken . Fuck my life . Who's going to beyond wonderland ? Hmu if you wana go ((; 
Fixed my phone . Thank god for my brain . 
What babygirl wants , babygirl gets (; 
Im trying not to be so crazy , but this new blade of mine is makin me reconsider . 
I got badasss blades for sell , hmu , surgical steel . Comes with cases . I still got some muscle builder stuff too from that pic . 
Why are Russians so hot ? Fuck < PROPFEMALE > . 
Baby girl I didn't mean to make you gay , if I knew you would want a commitment , I wouldnt have pulled your pants down , my bad . 
Ps , it's a girls world (; 
If your going through hell , keep on going , dont slow down , if your scarred , dont show it , you might get out before the devil even knows your there . 
Dear world , I hate love , I love love when others can make it work , as for me , I'm too complicated for that shit . But I love to see people in love <3 
Taste my perfume bitch . Lick , lick , lick (; Birthday tomorrow , don't really give a fuck , just wana go to Long Beach with my girls(&guys with pussaays ) , get blown and educated at Aquarium of the pacific , next weekend is the party weekend <3 BEYOND WONDERLAND . 
Any one whos sober right now go weak as snail sex bitchesss ! Birthday girl (: 
Birthday , going hard ! Thanks for all the lovely people who are participating , and thanks to all the lovely people who wished me a great day (((: ily ! 
LMAO high school bitches , so immature . Why talk shit on here , but not to the face ? Why ? Oh yeah cuz you a wana be bad bitch , trick you an't shit , my fist make contact within a blur , so stfu before you get served . (: 
You lost me , hope your happy , I am ! ((: 
I got < PROPMALE > on a waiting list , pussy right next to me , i'm after your heart , just please take mine <3 
Thanks for all that information hun , it helps the hunt , but now I'm on to the next check box . 
Tonight <3 
Is too much to ask for someone smart AND not a liar ? 
When she strikes , she is not seen or expected . When she hunts , she uses her beauty as an advantage . When she conquers , she takes your dignity and evidence with her ... She is a black widow , and we are just living in her web . 
I got one thing to say to you : SUCK ON MY CLIT BITCH . 
Who's down for the friendly fade ? Dude or female . Idgaf I been feenin . 
So I have two jobs already , and now an interview at 4 today for an advertising firm in riverside ... Ahhhhhhh , you wana know how I do it ? Win em with yeah words ! Don't hate on my success bitch . Now I'ma go harvest some of my bros pee . Hahaha (: 
Who just nailed a second interview with a marketing firm that sells discounted tickets to all < PROPMALE > sports events ? Oh yeah , ME ! 10/hour , 9-5 , Monday thru Friday , great benefits , AND I get to keep my other job ((: Haters gon ' hate , I am not lucky , I am blessed ! 
Guess who got that marketing job ? Oh yeah , ME ! This job actually gonnah add 400-600 a week (: ( depends on me ) & Now im at my other job in the pool <3 C.R.E.A.M. ! 
God bless you all . 
Hey starting this Saturday look for me at Northpark Community Church , I am going to start volunteering ever Saturday morning to coach the girls mma class , bring any kids you got , it's free and fun (: we got a guy coach for the boys ! HMU for info <3 
Money , money , money (: 
I an't got time for this shit . Oh , and I love tits ! Like this if the good ole US of A should have a national topless day (: yay yay ! 
At the doctors , bangin on em wit tha ipad speakers , I dont give a fuck , boss'd uppp . Yeah , I just shited on em . 
Is it tooo much to ask for a guy that just grabs ? Fuck society's rules , I'm from the dirty < PROPMALE > bitches ! 
I love my jobs . I love watching people have sex ... Live . Girls are awesome , thank god for all the beautiful women . And thank the devil for the forbidden fruit . The green one too . If I had a < PROPMALE > I'd cum on yeah . < PROPMALE > $$$$$$$$$$ out . Oh , got a sick ass Japanese Surgical steal blade with case , retail Val : 275 . Yours : 80 . I kept the pocket knife cuz it's siiiiiiccccccckkkk . Hit me up . 
I miss you . 
And I always find something wrong . You been puttin up with my shit just waaaay to long . I'm so gifted at finding what I don't like the most . Ha . Truest ish ... Single life baby (; 
Did I mention I got a brand new 2011 Honda civic ? Based off my income bay bay , it's MINE ! (: haters gon ' hate . 
Sick days are for the wealthy . 
Everytime I party I turn into the entertainer , aka dance ballerina , so everyone always shouts my name and shit , and then they like puddy in my hands , go ahead put a < PROPFEMALE > on me , it's my birthday ? Tell me all the blunts are mine for the taking ? Now I got a kush < PROPFEMALE > over , dam . Fuck it , that ish was fun . 
