Got a package from UNT , thought it was my diploma , but of course not ! They sent me < PROPFEMALE > counseling information and a friendly reminder that my health insurance is more than likely being dropped , which it is .... Once again , I hate you , UNT . Send me something I want for a change . Thanks ... 

Party ALL Day ! 
no me gusta la tarea de física 
...... 
Tu palabra es < PROPFEMALE > lámpara a mis pies y < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > en mi camino . -Salmos 119:105 
Confía de todo corazón en el Señor y no en tu propia inteligencia . Ten presente < PROPMALE > Señor en todo lo que hagas , y él te llevará por el camino recto . -Proverbios 3:5 -6 
If your A/C goes out and you live in Texas , can you total the house :-D 
is going to bed 
Has developed amazing skills at NOT studying , oh the procrastinator I'm becoming ..... SO if you would like to be my distraction you're more than welcome to do so :-D 
has given up on sleeping ... 
is super excited !! VBS @ primera iglesia bautista manana !! 
loves VBS !! and is practicing spanish con mis amigas a primera iglesia bautista :-D 
loves VBS !! and is practicing spanish con mis amigas a primera iglesia bautista :-D OMG .... I miss baby < PROPFIRST > , look how cute he is ! 
is impressed how many people are up so late ... 
<--------------- wants to be there 
Lawnmower $100 , Gasoline $5 , Bottled Water $1 . The boyfriend mowing the yard , priceless . There are some things that money COULD buy , but isn't it much better when they're free :-D ? 
223 people have my same first and last name on facebook 
Hates that so many tv shows are about how you look , or how much you weigh , or how much money have . Find something more important to talk about ! 
<3 4 yrs con mi novio today !! <3 
<3 4 years with the boyfriend !! <3 
I <3 Scooby Doo ! Used to watch it with my dad ALL the time ... 
Why does everything always break ? 
Lakefest . Tomorrow . 10pm . Stoney < PROPFEMALE > <3 . Want to come ? Text me ! 
is exhausted , yet can't sleep ... 
is leaving for Colorado tonight !! 
You know you're graduating this semester when ... Instead of buying books , binders , spirals , paper , pen/pencil , or even back-to-school clothes , you simply stock up on Ramen noodles/PB&J and call it a day ! 
Why my puppy decided that he had to go out at 5am , I don't know .... Why I decided to stay up and clean the garage , the world will never know .... 
Estoy leyendo alg < PROPFEMALE > as narraciónes hispanicas por mi clase de español . Es < PROPFEMALE > poco difícil . ( Reading Spanish Lit stories ... Eek ! ) 
Is so excited !! Walking in December for sure ! Turning 22/Graduation/Christmas time . Woo hoo ! Then 6 whole months off before grad school ! 
Big day of going away parties for the best sister anyone could ever have .... 
... 
Went garage selling with the boyfriend this morning .... now time to study :( ..... estoy leyendo 30 paginas de espanol .... 
Sleep is a naturally recurring state of relatively suspended sensory and motor activity in animals , characterized by total or partial unconsciousness and the nearly complete inactivity of voluntary muscles . It is distinguished from quiet wakefulness by a decreased ability to react to stimuli , and it is more easily reversible than hibernation or coma .... 
Loves garage selling with the boyfriend :-D Founds lots of neat things today ! 
Talking about puppies makes me miss baby < PROPMALE > ... 
found out at 8pm that I have a test over 8 chapters at 8am ..... :/ 
just finished my paper on legal proceedings in domestic violence cases .... I'm very intrigued by the prosection side of the law , but would NEVER want to go to law school ... lol 
My Environmental Soci teacher is making me HATE the Env . I would rather set a tree on fire than listen to that man talk for 3hrs/wk ... 
Is SO over my environmental professor , I honestly think , at this point , he is trying to find ways to become increasingly obnoxious on a daily basis ... . 
I was entirely too productive today , I read two chapters , wrote my spanish literary analysis , studied for a spanish exam , started and finished my research paper , and got started on my data entry hours for the week .... 
So .... why don't we have nap time in college ? It should be a mandatory break that they pay us for , and then give us a free snack when we wake up :-D 
Is SO tired of my ENV class ! If EVERYONE fails an online test , perhaps it would be better to see which questions we all missed and TAKE THEM OFF , or explain those topics better ! Rather than letting us retake the exact same exam with notes/book . It's no big secret that we already use our notes/books for online exams . No big surprise , everyone failed again .... New professor , please ... 
Sending out graduation invites Saturday , if you'd like to come and I haven't gotten your mailing address , let me know ! 28 days .... 
17 days !! 22 years old and no more UNT !! 
Apparently my facebook felt the need to change to Spanish .... 
How come things awful things like doing the laundry and washing the dishes look SO much better when you're supposed to be studying ? 
Oh .... finals , How I hate you .... 
Distractions from studying would be extremely welcome at this point ....... Anyone ....? :-D 
Done with school !! Best Birthday Ever :-D Graduation @ UNT Coliseum Saturday Dec . 19th at 9am . 
Picked up my lovely sister at the airport today . Graduating in the morning !! Can't wait ! 
Found a bulldog off of I-35 . He doesn't have a collar . Know anyone looking for a doggy ? 
8 hours of sleep , I don't even remember the last time that happened :-D 
I hate computers ! Someone fix it ... 
Where did all this snow come from , and what happened to my warm Texas sunshine ? 
Randomly ran in to my boyfriend at Kroger and he bought my groceries , good times . :-D 
New Years < PROPFEMALE > , Surfside Beach !! 
Loves my boyfriend , and I'm completely enthralled by the Christmas presnet I just got in the mail !! 
Loves my boyfriend , and I'm completely enthralled by the Christmas present I just got in the mail !! 
Hates when a book ends when really it's only the beginning of a bigger story ... 
Its WAYBACK WEEK ! Everyone change your profile pic to a throwback picture of yourself when you were young !! Copy and paste this , and lets see how adorable we all were ( and ARE) ! 
Thinks that insurance is the most the most useless \necessary\ " thing there is ... " 
Applied for a job !! 
Filling out grad school applications ... 
Can't help but be delighted that I'm not joining everyone else on the first day of the semester !!! 
Almost done with grad school applications , filed my taxes , and submitted my FAFSA . :-D 
Got a call about a job that I had applied for ! 
I have an interview in the morning ! Prayers , please . Gracias ! 
When it rains .... I don't mind being lonely , I cry right along with the sky . When it rains ...... I don't pretend to be happy , don't even have to try . 
< PROPFEMALE > Giles < PROPFEMALE > Chamberlin < PROPFEMALE > Cogdill Sara-\The better way to spell the name < PROPFEMALE > . no need for a letter that is not pronounced . also means she is more unique then the < PROPFEMALE > hs with the h . what's your name ? < PROPFEMALE > . how is it spelled ? the better way ... :D \"" 
Can't sleep !! Maybe I should go to work and get paid for my insomnia .... :-D 
Somehow got a really obnoxious virus that thinks I need to buy anti-depressants , learn medical procedures , and find the girl for me Online ! 
Apparently I have a big sign on my forehead that says I love broken things . Please break , all things , or I won't make a happy face . 
Today is looking better ..... I fixed something :-D 
graduate school advising at < PROPFIRST > Baptist in the morning :-D 
Snow ...? Really , Texas , I'm disappointed in you .... 
Anti-Valentine's Day : I don't need flowers , chocolate , and promises one day a year . I have your hand to hold , your love every day , and memories to share as we grow old . When you love someone , show them daily , care for them deeply , and < PROPFEMALE > them completely . Let us not love with words or tongue but with actions and in truth :-D 1 < PROPFIRST > 3:18 
Rocking Rodeo tomorrow night . < PROPMALE > Young Band . You should be there :-D 
Would rather be on hold for all time than talk to another automated system EVER . I hate them ! 
I've been awake for entirely too long ... 
is beyond excited :-D 
\That's what I love about Sundays ...... \"" 
10 more hours ... then I'm probably going to sleep for 10 hours . 
Anbody have a gym membership at L.A. Fitness ? 
Dear insurance companies and doctor's offices , I hate you . 
Applied for 3 jobs .... CPS Investigator , Psychologist's Assistant , and Supported Living Staff for a child with Autism ... super excited , all in my field , hopefully one will work out ... 
Had to give 60 days notice that we're not renewing our lease . Problem ..... We don't have a new place yet . So .... if I'm homeless in 2 months , can my puppy and I come stay with you :-D 
Is moving to Collinsville for the summer ... 
Interview today and tomorrow . Job ? Yes , please ! :-D 
Eh .... forget jobs , at the moment I'd rather have vacations :-D 
Summer of vacations and roadtrips :-D Indiana for < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > . Cali for my awesome sister . Western Carribean cruise con mi madre . And OK for < PROPFIRST > ! 
is so excited !! Might be hearing some good news soon :-D 
Has an interview for a big girl job ... lol . Only thing .... I have a meeting with the Human Resources manager and then I have to interview with a Spanish speaking staff member , so essentially I have two people to impress .... eek .... 
been up all night , got home at 7 15 , had cold pizza for breakfast , and now I'm getting ready for my interview . Feels like I'm still in college ... Sleep and groceries would be nice :-D 
is currently in the process of interviewing for 2 different jobs with Denton county mhmr . Hopefully something good will come of it . :) 
small town , country music , and a night of dancing , sounds pretty perfect to me ..... 
< PROPMALE>'s coming home today !! :-D 
Got through two interviews with Denton co mhmr . They left me a voicemail to call them about the position ! Job ? Yes , please ! 
got the job !! :-D 
is much in debt to all the people that fix things for me , I love you all ! Maybe one of these days I'll stop breaking stuff , but then what would you do with your time :-D 
is convinced that the construction workers are trying to block me in . Every road by my house has a detour now . lame ! 
blow dryer tried to catch on fire . probably wouldn't look good for the boyfriend if I burn our house down as he's starting fire school :/ 
trash hauled off . yard mowed . goodwill items taken . mostly everything packed . so basically , I'm chilling at an empty house with the dogs .... 
You are important , special , and worthwhile all on your own . People love you for who you are and who you can be . Please love yourself too . 
Home isn't where you live , it's where you love . Homesick ... 
overslept .... buying a separate alarm clock not attached to my phone ... training in denton instead of fort worth ... 
is creeped out by cpr dummies 
hates stuff , hates junk , and hates messes . Throw it away ! 
I got my office picked out today ; I have a window . Score . I've also got a wall where I can < PROPFEMALE > my really expensive piece of paper ( a.k.a. diploma ) . Delightful . :-D 
Hard to watch your boyfriend fight a fire on your grandparent's land , but thanks to Whitesboro , Pilot Point , Tioga , Cville , and Gunter it didn't spread past the garages . No injuries , thank goodness . 
\Every\ 
is trying to learn sign language so I can talk to one of my asl clients . 
loves that the people I love are so close by , there's just a few of you missing ... 
Everyone that I worked with at Wildwood , and of course , the wonderful Walters family , I love you all ! Couldn't have had better co-workers/bosses . 
lake all day , party tonight ! 
is waking up early to work out before work ... well , let's see if it happens 
just picked up my frmaed diploma , and I'm heading out for client meetings , then back to the office . I feel all grown up :) 
friday ! 
Went to pay my credit card bills and both capital one and discover are unavailable due to maintenance . Think that means it's free ? :-D 
had a great day at the lake ! now off to a delightful night with the boyfriend :-D 
No , I'm not going to watch eclipse . No I don't want to ... 
is finished with the rough draft of my personal statement for UNT's master's degree \ 
program in counseling !!! 
Ready for vacation :-D 
the boyfriend is willing going to a country concert . score . :) 
Who could possibly be desperate enough to steal 2 year old $2 flip flops ? Ask the old lady that jacked mine from the lake ... 
Monster truck rally tonight at Texas Motor Speedway !! 
Leaving for Surfside tomorrow . So excited !! 
Estoy practicando español porque tendrá < PROPFEMALE > entrevista en español en la semana que viene ..... 
La Quinta has Texas shaped waffles . Delightful . 
Could be at work right now , but I'm coming back from the ocean instead :) 
just saw a pink firetruck named Miss < PROPFEMALE > , Survivor 1 . Wondering where it's from .... 
Congrats < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > ! 
getting ready to go to cali to see two of my favorite people :-D 
is in california !! 
sitting out by the pool chilling . tmrw san < PROPFIRST > and then a cookout with my sister and < PROPFEMALE > . good times ... 
Never tell someone they aren't good enough or that aren't able to do something . People can do extraordinary things , even when no one believes they can . If someone wants to learn something new , what right does anyone have to tell them they can't ? 
“Love is like a friendship caught on fire . \ 
In the beginning a flame , very pretty , often hot and fierce , but still \ 
only light and flickering . As love grows older , our hearts mature and \ 
our love becomes as coals , deep-burning and unquenchable . ” < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > 
Spent all day thinking it was Wednesday , and oh how I wish it had been ! 
Is going to be on the wrong side of the river today .... Love you , < PROPFIRST > ! I wouldn't go to Oklahoma for just anybody . :-D 
Lake ! 
Would do well to spend every evening after work at the lake . So relaxing ! 
is pretty sure people driving through little elm on 380 need to stop running each other over ! 
Loving days at the lake !! 
Gives up on uploading photos until my laptop returns ... On a side note , the Collinsville Post Office is useless ! 
So apparently being skilled at electrocuting others is not a skill ... or helpful ; therefore I will not help :) 
got hit with a beer can driving down the road . Fail . 
This is Cooper . I am trying to find a good home for him . Any takers ? 
Cooper is a < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Terrier . He is full of energy , loves to play , and he needs a home . :) 
is very done with the GRE :) 
garage sells with the family . 
garage sales with the family . 
' s initial grad school review with UNT was accepted ! Application is being forwarded to the Counseling program ! 
Anyone know of an adult in Collinsville who could keep a 1 year old during the work week ? My co-worker's son and daughter-in-law moved into the pink house in Cville by the fire department . Their kiddo has been going to Children's Tree in Whitesboro , and they aren't impressed with it .... Let me know if you think of someone . Thanks ! 
is getting all too used to handling crisis situations .... not a skill I want to keep practicing ... Be calm , Be happy :) 
Denton . Frisco . Lake < PROPFIRST > . Denton . < PROPFIRST > . Back to Denton , home to Collinsville . 
is having serious hate issues with my gps that does not feel an avoid tolls selection is necessary . 
love pilot point ... ran into the boyfriend at the gas station this morning :) 
Just downloaded a free app called car finder . Excellence :) 
Just booked a beautiful room in surside for New Years < PROPFEMALE > for two nights and then I'll be leaving on a Carribean cruise with the family . :) 
I fixed something today . Woohoo for productivity ! 
Nothing much better than slapping some boots on and heading outside to play with the puppy dogs in the rain :) 
changed the batteries and tested my smoke detector 
is rather annoyed ... 
thinks that bears have the right idea , sign me up for hibernation until spring :) 
Waiting on a couple of references and then I'm turning my grad school applications in ! :) 
off for thanksgiving !! 
Had the best weekend :) 
is turning in my grad school applications tomorrow !!! 
Grad School Applications turned in :) 
\If\ 
My adirable puppy dog found a skunk and had him cornered outside my window . Smelly room :( 
Tomorrow's Friday ! Christmas Party and the weekend :) 
\You owe me $53 dollars . \ " \ " I think I left my wallet in my other onesie .... \ " :) " 
This is by far the most exciting Wednesday I think I've ever had ... :-D 
My grandparents are coming in for christmas , my sister is going to be here ... and then awesome vacation . best christmas ever !! 
I got my cruise info packet today !!! It says if you sneak alcoholic beverages onboard , you can be disembarked .... :) while at sea .....? bahaha 
marathon of birthday and christmas events with the family :) 
Is packing for my trip to Surfside Beach and week-long cruise leaving from Galveston . Last day of work , tomorrow . Vacation , here I come :) 
Is all packed and ready for vacation !!! 
Wants to make an adult size onesie out of a comforter and call it a comfy-z . 
a deer darted directly in front of me on Hwy 377 in Pilot Point , but we didn't hit each other . Woohoo ! 
' s application for the UNT Counseling graduate school program \is currently being reviewed \"......." 
.... Can't Sleep .... :/ 
Objective : expressing or dealing with facts or conditions as perceived without distortion by personal feelings , prejudices , or interpretations . Yes .... objective .... that's my status .... 
Is going out with the boyfriend :) 
Something ate my car keys ... 
Watching Scooby-Doo and napping with my puppy dogs ... :) 
Hibernation .... It's a bear's idea of a winter vacation :) 
