for the first time in so long , I see hope but it is covered with so much confusion . But it is hope nonetheless . 

There is a male cat outside singing love songs to my < PROPFEMALE > sitting in the window and it has turned into a duet . 
is bored and wants it to be next weekend already ! 
woke up and my throat glands are swollen . Not cool . 
I want it to be Friday after work !!! 
thinks Keane is the greatest ! Yes that's what she said . 
boys are jerks when love is involved ! 
just am tired of other people ... 
is sick of people being lairs and jerks 
people are too much for me to make sense of , so I have decided accept that I don't understand and leave them be . 
I just want to punch someone in the face 
I have not been this sore from work in a long time - pickle ! 
Tonight was exciting ! My new cat came out to play for the 1st time and is not on the bed with me ! 
I don't know where to go from here ... 
My mind is rarely my friend 
To let everyone know , I am moving back to NC because my family has asked me to . I am leaving Portland , OR December 14th . 
I am not ready ! 
I arrived in North < PROPFEMALE > on the 20th , Sunday morning . The trip was well , not too boring . I left Portland in the late afternoon on the 14th . I began to snow just as I hit Troutdale and the the roads and visibility only allowed me to make it to Hood River . I had to stop and get a hotel for the 1st night only 40 < PROPMALE > outside Portland ! 
Day 2 ( 15th ): I woke up to see 2 feet of snow on my car . The roads had not been cleared so I drove an average of 20mph and maxed out at 30mph . I only made it to the other side of Boise - which I should have done by the 1st day . Though I did stay in a pretty epic motel with picture of a woman above my bed that had no pants on and the sink , bath , and toilet were blue . 
Day 3 ( 16th ): Once I got out of Idaho the roads were nice and clear . I made up a lot of time and then just as it go dark I saw some kids pulled over holding a gas can so I stopped . I figured I had 3 dogs I was good . They were kids from Bend , OR . I got them gas and as they went to start their car it the battery was dead so I jumped their car as well . They were super nice and greatful . My day ended in Wyoming . 
Day 4 ( 17th ): I arrived in < PROPMALE > , CO at lunch time . I stopped to see my cousin who I had not seen since ' 94 . He invited me to eat at one of his restaurants that he owns . It was amazing !! I don't think I have ever had food that good before . And for @ < PROPFIRST > I will detail out what I had . 
What I ate at Duo : Appetizer - Exotic Mushroom Tart served warm and topped with shaved asiago . Dinner - Gnocchi house made potato dumplings with mushrooms , broccoli rabe and pecorino . Dessert - Peanut & Chocolate Icebox Cake frozen layers of peanut crunch , < PROPFEMALE > peanut mousse and chocolate cream with a Latte . 
You can never truly know a person 
I miss everyone in Portland so much it hurts my heart ! I think Portland kept my soul ... 
Thank you everyone for all the Birthday wishes !!! I love and miss you all so much ! 
I have Bronchitis for the 2nd time since Christmas . I am so tired of being sick ! Stupid North < PROPFEMALE > - I was never sick in Portland . 
I will be visiting < PROPFEMALE > next month ! I am so excited !!!! 
I am in New Orleans until Friday . Get a hold of me ! 910.494.9782 
I am sad to be back in North < PROPFEMALE > - honestly , who wants to be here ... 
I could not sleep last night so I didn't . And I still haven't gone to sleep yet .... I hate it ! 
It is not a myth - you can die from boredom ... everything is getting cold and gray . 
Why can't we as humans be in two places at once !?! 
The struggle of two minds continuously in conflict within one person . 
Working working working on my house . I am a handy woman ! 
has no idea what to do .... I just can't seem to get a grasp 
wants to go home to Portland 
New Job : Auto Body Chick 
My brother-in-law is amazing ! I went to get my hair bleached and they fryed my hair ! They had to cut it off and I was so upset that he went back and made them give me a nice hair cut and free products ! I miss my long hair . I cried !!!!! 
Going to see Gin Blossoms & Soul Asylum tonight ! 
I wish things had turned out different ... 
I am in Portland !!!! I am so happy !!!! 
I hate that Portland is only a vacation right \ 
now . But I will love every minute I am here ! 
My eye won't stop stress twitching . I hate that NC can still taint me from afar ... 
Shedded the mountain - Day 2 ! 
Holy fuck I am back in NC . 
So some crazy bitch was tail gating me so I put on my brakes . She slams on her brakes , then speeds to pass me . She stops her car in the middle of the road making me stop too ; gets out of her car and starts screaming at me . She tells me to follow her so we can fight - bitch only had one arm ! That ACTUALLY HAPPENED ! 
Will people ever stop complicating my life , or is it they just can't help themselves ... 
Didn't feel so hot so I slept in until 4pm . Feel a bit bad about it because I told my mom I would help with yard work and I woke up and it is all done . I suck at being a daughter . 
What do you call a mom that's not yours ? \ 
\ 
Nocho-mama ! \ 
Best joke EVER !!!!! 
MFL ! 
I fucking hate the legal system ! 
We must believe in invalid truths 
FEDOR FIGHT TONIGHT !!!!!! 
I do not understand people . Someone broke into my house last night and murdered my kitten by drowning and bashing in her head ... luckly , none of my other animals were hurt . 
Migraines are assholes . 
Oh how I miss you Portland ... * sigh * 
I am remembering what it is like to live half alive , again 
Fuck them , They are all your enemies - Trust no one . 
The breath I take after I kill you will be the first breath of my life . 
I decided long ago to never let my loved ones know who I really am . \ 
People want the truth but never want the scars . 
What doesn´t kill me , makes me numb . The hole you left\ 
I filled with stones . I need you to say I don´t mean anything to you . 
I have to learn to live half alive 
Took my dogs on a 4 mile walk and today on a 6 mile walk . It was very nice . 
We believe in invalid truths 
And how long could you < PROPFEMALE > on to a word ? 
I'll keep this feeling in my heart . But when you look in my eyes , you will know the truth . 
don't you think I could tell that you were trying to make a fool out of me 
Never trust anyone ! 
I can't wait for it to be hoodie weather again ! 
you are trying to make a fool out of me 
On my way to the beach for 3 days with the fam - Mom , pop , cousin , sister , brother-in-law , 2 nieces ( 4 & 7yrs old ) and me ... have to drive back tomorrow for a couple hrs then drive back to the beach . Oh , did I mention I will be sleeping on the floor ( I brought a pillow & blanket ) . Its going to be awesome :( 
I whine too much ! 
I wish I could live where the sea meets the land . The ocean and I would be the best of friends . I'd make her my own , I would float in her waves . She would sing me to sleep as she carries me away . 
I can see right through me ... 
I am just so sick of everything 
My father always told me Never Trust Anyone . It is the best advice I have ever been given . 
Best Statement of the Day : \Everytime I come to Waffle House I feel like < PROPFEMALE > Crow should just start blaring . She seems like Waffle House material . \"" 
and who do you think you are , running around leaving scars 
I am on 2 friends ' profile picture :) 
First game of football season and they jacked it up ! So grumpy ! 
\Never give the retard the gun\ " - Rainie Lowe\ 
My girlie started school today ! I even drove her on her 1st day at anew school . We have been running around all week getting school stuff taken care of . It has been such an interesting experience ; not having any kids at 27yrs old and then becoming the parternal guardian of my 16yr old cousin when I am 28 . Whats funny is most people thinks shes my daughter - whats sad is around here it is feasible . 
remembering how to put back the light in my eyes 
My doctor said that I have to seriously back off the caffeine and pretty much no more energy drinks ! What the hell - I am a veg and straight edge ; what the crap other vices can I have , I mean give me something , FUCK . Damnit give me a break !!! Thanks mom for ratting me out to the doc ! 
Quit looking at me like I just asked you to go milk an elephant ! 
We just found out that my grandmother has gall bladder cancer - it is in the last stage . She is trying chemo but they do not have high hopes . Please send her positive thoughts . 
The absurdity of some people astounds me to the point were I just have to shake my head and let out a little giggle 
My sweet wonderful ferret < PROPMALE > died last night . Please keep him in your thoughts ! I love and miss you < PROPMALE > !!! 
Stupid daytime and responsibilities - I want to sleep , sleep and sleep some more * grumpy pouty face * 
I am out for blood ! 
\Where the fuck are you ? I am gonna kill you . Smiley face . \"" 
\where's my knife ; maybe i want to get stabby ... \"" 
It is the 1st day of Fall and it is 90 degrees outside .... WTF ! I HATE this place !!! 
If only I had the money to , I would dress in nothing but vintage from the ' 30s to ' 60s ! 
Soooooooo ... My grandmother is dying so its looking like I am probably moving to CT to take care of her . 
Its official - I will be moving to CT next weekend . 
Change of plans - I am NOT moving to CT !!!!!! 
I wish so desperately to be able to go boarding so I can sort shit out in my head . 
Again and again and again it is confirmed - Never Trust Anyone . 
I am out for Blood ! 
Rollercoaster ! I am in deed going to CT on Sunday morning but now it is only for about 3 weeks . 
Update : I have been in CT since Sunday night . Things are as well as to be expected - just keeping focused and not allowing to get emotional so that way I can be everyone's rock . I am on the world's smallest computer . Still trying to maintain life back in NC is hard , I need to be in 2 places at once - why does the law of physics have to be so mean . 
How do you watch someone slowly die ... 
My grandmother died Tuesday . It has been very hard . 
October is cancer month . In memory of every cancer patient , family member and friend who has lost their battle with cancer and in honor of those who continue to conquer it ! \ 
To my grammy . I love and miss you with all my heart ! 
Who from Westover is going to the reunion on Friday ? 
I hate being an adult ! 
Long story short - tried helping a drunk guy that slammed into a car with his ATV . His drunk large friend grabbed and shoved me to the ground . Hurt my elbow/wrist and cops are trying to determine if there is enough to charge him with felony assult . Oh and the guy was just arrested in September for assulting a female . Real stand up people in this world ! 
I was just told \I love you but there is no ' I ' in team but there is a ' U ' in suck\ " - damnit ... fml " 
The guy working at the gas station by me tried to sell me and my cousin narcotics - and was not even quiet about it . Even called out across the store to us to let him know if we changed our mind . Fuck this place ! 
A child says to his mom \mommy I colored your sheets with lipstick\ " furious she beat her child until unconscious . His little heart had stopped beating . In the bedroom the sheets ... read \ " MOMMY I LOVE YOU\ " . Post this to deliver the message to STOP CHILD ABUSE !! " 
\So I think the idea of total liberation is sort of like the idea of perfection . It's an idea that is more crippling than helpful . \ " - < PROPFIRST > Keen " 
The hardest fight is standing on my own two feet\ 
It's living my life for my hopes and for my dreams\ 
I've seen more lies than you will ever know\ 
And my doubt is greater now that it ever has been before 
I am moving to Southern California in March ! 
Now l've got nothin ' but hampers of ironing to do ... and my diet pill is wearing off . 
Frustrated with so many things in life right now . 
\I would be so proud of you if you were a fag . \ " - Female Trouble " 
\Pubic hair causes crime . \ " \ " Ride it like a butch bottom ! \ " - Pecker " 
I don't know how parents handle it when their kid says hurtful things to you when they are mad . I am ready to cry ... 
THANK YOU to everyone for all the Birthday wishes !!!! 
My family is dealing with a devastating tragedy . Please keep us in your thoughts . 
Kerby Barbe was an amazing kid with so much love in his heart and what has happened is not the Kerby we all knew . Everyone that knew Kerby will remember him the way he truly was - kind hearted , sweet , fun and down to earth . We love you Kerby we miss you so much ! This world will be dimmer without you . 
Kerby we love you and our heart breaks without . No matter what comes to light we will never love you any less ! 
Had to get bi-focals . They are so hard to get used to ! 
My heart and mind are so broken right now .... I wish I could just vanish 
Kentucky just passed the best law ever . To be on Food stamps , Medicaid , or Cash Assistance on your Children or yourself You have to pass a DRUG Test . Now every other state should do the same . If you agree re-post . People that work have to take a drug test so should they . Amen .... repost if you agree !!!!! :) THIS IS WORTH REPOSTING !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I am sick of the doubt 
FML !!! 
I could have been mexican\ 
My dad and I were talking , he told me how sorry he was that he had passed mental illnesses down to me . I told him They are genetic and he got them from his parents . \ 
He said if he had known that before , he would have gotten a tall mexican man to impregnate my mother so that he would have healthy tall mexican children . 
Went to Rockin the Cage last night . Epic fights - cage side seats & I got to meet < PROPFIRST > Miragliotta !!!! \ 
Best night !!!!! 
It remains a good thought until you throw the word god in there . 
Hate my brain right now ... 
Wanted my hair trimmed a little to just keep up the style on it . Got a horrible cut that is too short and looks like my mom's cut . What the FUCK is wrong with people ! Why is it that most hairstylists cant cut hair which is their FUCKING job !!!! 
Spend any amount of time around people you get your heart broke - treachery , hypocrisy , promise of love\ 
Look into the mouth of a person and you will find lies wriggling there like maggots waiting to grow wings 
Last night had a big fat black guy tell me he wanted to eat the flesh off my thigh and that he wouldn't even need condomants with a girl like me . And was malested by a gay male stripper tonight . WTF !?! \ 
I am not sure what is happening ! 
Within the last year I have seen so much death ... 
Moving to Southern Cali - I take off in 2 weeks !!! 
I am so bored !!! 
I am not moving - and no I don't want to talk about it . 
My boyfriend just broke up with me and now I have a really bad cold . WTF !?! 
Trying to make it home to Portland ! 
Portland - I have a place to live & a job , now I just need to physically get there . 
I am tired of hurting ... 
With all the loss my family & I have endured - I need to know its not for nothing . 
I am tired of busting my ass to get back to Portland yet it seems I will never be able to save up enough in time ! I hate working for pennies ! 
Had an asthma attack today and had to go to the hospital . Still feel drained , sore and just crappy . Stupid crappy body crapped out on me . 
It is official . My moving date is April 28th . I am actually having a friend from Portland fly out here and do the drive back with me . I can't wait !!!! 
Less than 4 weeks until I leave for Portland ! Home here I come !!! BTW - never too pityful for donations :) 
