is hardly home but always reppin 

Made it to Clemson in 7.5 hrs ... while everyone else was being pulled over ! 
is studying for quals ... 
is learning the difference between ferrite and cementite ... studying after i post this message 
has gone 2 whole weeks without xbox ... studying is gettin crazy 
is ready for the Burn Notice Summer Finale ... < PROPFIRST > Westin is still second to < PROPFIRST > Bauer tho 
welcomes the world to beatin your feet ! ABDC is back ! PG stand up ! 
is running on Dunkin ... next qualifier in an hour and a half 
receiving the third installment of The Blueprint ... thank you Mr. < PROPMALE > ! 
is as \Real As It Gets\ " and \ " So Ambitious . \"" 
would like to thank everybody for my bday wishes !!! I'm a week late but I just don't facebook like everybody else lol 
is sad that these are the last days of the virgo < PROPFEMALE > for 2009 ... greatness will come back on august 23rd 
We'll look at this , 1800 just poured me a shot ... what does your cap do ? 
will be cracking that ODST open in 5 days ... lets get it 
home for the weekend with the folks ... home cooking !!!! 
may have to get the wii soon just for the new super < PROPFIRST > bros . 
it feels good to be back in the lab ... can anyone detect any sarcasm ?? 
needs suggestions for a halloween costume cuz i have no idea what to be 
102-91 
its really 75 degrees outside ... 
75 degrees and clear skies ... again ... 
Region 3 FRC in 3 days ... very excited !!!! Then , the countdown to greatness ... Region 2 FRC Nov . 20-22 !! Get REGISTERED !! 
enjoyed himself in the 3 ... thanks to < PROPFEMALE > and the R3EB for showin some NSBE luv , and now its time for the DEUCE to get their shine !! Lets get it !! 
thinks google chrome's incognito window still doesn't hides himself being on facebook at work ... 
just installed Windows 7 ... looks pretty good 
The Book of < PROPMALE > is crazy !! 
Steelers and Patriots lost ... beautiful day 
is crossing his fingers to come home on the 18th ... 
Did the Browns really beat the Steelers last night ?? 
Obama says he was frustrated , but we all know he was \angry . \"" 
thanks the Colts for taking the Patriots record away from them 
wants Modern Warfare 2 and Band Hero for Christmas but if I only get to be in DC ... then that is plenty enough for me ( cant wait for Dec . 18th ) 
I feel so ... much better ... now that your ... 
is all about his business ... 
apologies for the IM virus , its really getting annoying ... 
is still all about his business ... 
is in the ATL momentarily with his cuzzo !! Enjoying the great games today as well ... 
is in the lab ... again . 
Thinks his undergrad student < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is pretty much the biggest deal EVER !!! True Baller 
Correction : < PROPFIRST > thinks he's a BIG deal ! 
Toronto in 1 day ... NSBE's 1st International Conference !! Back on Sunday 
is back from Canada ... Congrats to all of the Region 2 awardees , we are back on top of NSBE 
Getting ready to teach class ... thats right , Prof . < PROPMALE > !! 
The prediction for the NBA Finals is ( drumroll ...... ) Celtics v . Suns ... it's crazy but it just might happen ! 
No KG , no problem ... 
needs ideas for what his twitter name should be ... the R2VC account will be no more on May 1 
Crab walk ... dribble , dribble ... thats all I have to say 
How does a playoff game feature a team up by 40 points ?? 
< PROPFEMALE > Los Suns !!!!!! 
move out day tomorrow ... cleaning and packing all day !!! 
move out day is whenever now ... wonderful !!! thesis time ... 
Will the spurs be the first ones to go fishing tonight ?!?! 
Celtics win !!! And LeBron will go to ... 
How is 24 going off the air ?? Its about to get real !!! 
Trains , Planes and Automobiles You betta have my donuts !! 
the Celtics-Magic game is entertaining ... but Black Ops looks kinda serious 
the google pac-man screen pretty slick ... 
is listening to the new Takeover 
what would the NASCAR Hall of Fame be without a huge LCD screen .... for more sponsors !! 
what a gracefully bow for < PROPFIRST > Bauer ... I still can't believe its over 
wants the Burn Notice season to start today and not next week ... 
finally dotted the Is and crossed the Ts ... defense time is coming soon 
Final thesis submitted ... feels great !!! 
Congrats to my bro Sleven Kelevra for graduating from boot camp on Friday ... just got back from home and back on the grind tomorrow 
Watchin < PROPFIRST > Hart's special on Comedy Central ... have you ever gone night night ! 
2 down , 1 to go !! 
Thanks everybody for the bday wishes ... sorry for being late but I forgot that I had a profile on facebook ... lol 
She said she likes my flow but loves my ad libs ... 
I got that free iPad in the mail today !! 5 days ago I signed up at http://bit.ly/efIqMO as a tester and today I got my iPad . All you need to do is to tell them your opinion about iPad and you can keep it forever . You should hurry since i highly doubt this is gonna last forever 
I got that free iPad in the mail today !! 5 days ago I signed up at http://bit.ly/fahAjH as a tester and today I got my iPad . All you need to do is to tell them your opinion about iPad and you can keep it forever . You should hurry since i highly doubt this is gonna last forever 
Coming back home twice in one year ... Life is good . 
Sunglasses and advil .... Last night was mad real 
I know I'm MADDDDD late but thanks for everyone who wished myself a Happy Birthday last week . It's great to see so many beautiful ppl on my wall . Stay tuned , there are more great things to come . 
