come on vikings , lets win THIS one ! 

took an adventure on the < PROPMALE > Trail ... biked over 30 < PROPMALE > - such a GREAT workout !! 
is very tired 
Oh man ... HUGE storm front ... its so beautiful !!! Tornadoes too ! YAY ! 
aaahhh what the crap .... the storm split AWAY from Rochester ... 
is working hard !! 
is so glad its the weekend ... I definitely need a break ... 
saw a dog competition and a group of guys playing bag pipes !!! :D fun day ! 
back to work 
wants to live in Oregon :) 
what a tragic day :( RIP < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > 
I wish I could just live in one spot ... im sick of moving around all the time . 
is having an unbelievable day ... 
12 hour shifts are hard :( 
trying to relax on my day off 
going for a run and then work ... 
Is going to have a nice relaxing weekend ! :D all smiles :D 
sooooo tired .. :( 
is looking to buy a new car 
eatin ' popcorn , watching Unbreakable , looking/researching cars and missing < PROPFIRST > all at the same time 
it is really nice out ... going for a run :) 
going home today !!!!! :D 
happy to be home ! Relaxation time with < PROPFIRST > and the whole < PROPMALE > Potter gang :) 
MALL OF < PROPFEMALE > !!! WOOOO !!! 
sigh ... back to the Roch- going to miss you < PROPFIRST > 
is going to enjoy her day off :D 
Yay ! I now have a place to live for the rest of the year ! Excited !!! :D 
is watching Shooter . Great Movie . 
went shopping ! :) LOTS of great deals !! :D 
back to work ... I have a looong and late night weekend ahead of me ... 
WOOOOOOO !!! COFFEE HIGH !!!!! aaaaand I will crash in T-2 hours .... need to stay up and work for 4 more hours .... 
uuuugggghhhh .... al ... most .... there ...... 
wants everything to be done with ... seriously .... 
yeeesssss ..... almost done 
is going to bed and sleeping for a long time 
Hey if anyone got a weird post from me- DON'T CLICK ON THE LINK !!! Some stupid person just hacked onto my account and sent messages to people ... I'm terribly sorry for this , I have no idea how this happened . 
is watching twister , and missing < PROPFIRST > :( 
Ocean's Thirteen is an awesome movie :) 
sigh .... can't sleep ... watching < PROPFIRST > scissorhands . 
woke up to an awesome thunderstorm :D 
toy story !! 
back to work ... then to < PROPFEMALE > out with < PROPFIRST > :D 
is tired , sore , a lil ' depressed .... time for bed . 
working ... really late lunch- soooooo hungry . 
had a surprise visit from my man today :D - made me happy ! 
is going to get off work , drive home , hug < PROPFIRST > and buy a car all in one day . wooho ! 
Got a new car !! Thanks to the whole Kennedy family :) 
Happy Birthday Mr. President :) 
Thank you God that everything went alright in the past couple days 
just got a < PROPFEMALE > trek fleet command badge ! wooho ! It matches my < PROPFEMALE > trek glass hehe , all I need is a < PROPFEMALE > trek outfit for me and < PROPFIRST > and we are all set !! 
is in a crappy mood 
tornado watch eh ? exciting 
work tomorrow and then MOVING TIME !! 
watching < PROPFIRST > of the dead .... just can't get enough of this movie- so many funny parts !!! 
is soooo tired ... 
just enjoyed a one hour FAST bike ride and almost ran over a dozen kids on the way .... stupid kids never watch out for other people ... one ran TOWARDS ME ... sigh ... 
AGH I just ripped my dress that I would supposed to wear to the Mayo dinner tomorrow .... well I guess I am off to Kohls .... 
sigh life is bitter .... i just have to find a way to sweeten it up a bit . 
so tired ... 2 days of work left and then moving time again . Lots going on- missing < PROPFIRST > too ! 
is sooo tired of packing and cleaning ... not even close to being done yet too AND i have to work tomorrow ... siiiiigh 
is sick and tired of people who treat people like crap because they are different from them . They call them bad names and describe them in such ways that makes me want to punch them in the face . Just suck it up and accept the fact that everyone is different and constant conflict gets us no where . Just get along and do things for the good of everyone and don't act so immature . seriously .... 
is planning on a backpacking trip throughout Europe next summer ... any suggestions on where to go ? and maybe have an estimate for the price range ? I'm thinking Ireland , Scotland , England , Germany , < PROPFEMALE > , Belgium , Netherlands , Austria , Switzerland , Italy and Greece . And Hopefully if there is enough time and we have enough money- we may shoot up to Norway and Sweden . 
is watching Twilight ... < PROPFIRST > don't even comment lol 
got a new phone :) super super happy !!! 
hmm ... bad headaches with some visual changes ... i need to go to the doctor ... 
sad to have to leave town soon and return to Roch . But this year should go by quickly and all should go well from there . Stress , here I come ... 
is excited to see all my nursing friends in Roch :) we are all SENIORS !!! Uber excited ! 
is soooooo tired of moving and unpacking things . Why do I have so many heavy things ?! MY GOODNESS .... I really want to see < PROPFIRST > .... 
had a great summer ... now its time to finish up the senior year and start working ! 
still has a wicked headache ... :( 
hmm ... clinicals should be very interesting this semester . Mental health of kids , adolescents and adults for the first 5 weeks and electroconvulsive therapy too . 
siiiigh ... I want saturday to come fasteeerrrrr ... :( 
My whole life has changed , since you came in , I knew back then you were that special one . I'm so in love , so deep in love . You make my love complete . You are so sweet , no one competes . Glad you came into my life , you blind me with your love , with you I have no sight ... 
lalalalalalaaaaa im in a good mood for some reason . :) gotta love that feeling 
wants to be in St. < PROPFIRST > right now . :( 
just watched the movie Milk ... it makes me so sad to see people be sooooo mean to a group of nice people just because they like men . completely stupid . Homosexuality is not a disease either .... 
just finished eclipse ... wow such a great book . the ending kinda made me sad 
thinks no one should die because they cannot afford health care , and no one should go broke because they get sick . If you agree , please post this as your status for the rest of the day . 
is playing < PROPFIRST > Party 3 and < PROPFIRST > Cart Racing with < PROPFIRST > :D 
uuggh .... really missing him ... 
I love my transcultural class- \ Interacting with patients from diverse cultural groups will refine or modify one's existing beliefs about a cultural group and will prevent stereotyping . \ " - this is so true ! I dare you to interact with someone of a different culture and learn from them today- I'm sure their culture will amaze you ! and tell me about them . ( p.s. I love all my Nepali and Hmong friends !!! ) " 
is off to clinical . 
ok I lied ... I watched Obama's speech- it was 20 minutes of very inspiring words on how to stay in school and work hard for yourself , your family and for the future of our country . I hope every kid watched this .... alright .. now i'm off to clinical 
mmmm french fries ... 
very tired ... looong day 
UGGGH can't sleeeeeppp .... 
hahaha my headaches are weird ... i didn't take medications but studying for a test took the headache away LOL since when does this happen ? 
is missing < PROPFIRST > ... a lot :( 
If your going through hell , keep on going , don't slow down , if you're scared don't show it , you might get out before the devil even knows you're there ... 
The first episode of The Office is tomorrow !!! :D 
THE OFFICE TONIGHT !!!! YEEEAAAHHH !!! I've been waiting so long for it to come back on :) 
is tired 
is home- going to see < PROPFIRST>'s CC meet tomorrow :) then get to < PROPFEMALE > out with Mal ! 
misses < PROPFIRST > :( .... siiigh 
Had fun trying on dresses with Mal :) now back to school work ... and i have a headache ... and i'm missing < PROPFIRST > .... 
its going to be a busy week ... 
just saw the newest trailer of New < PROPFEMALE > ..... o ... m ... g .... I can't wait !!!! 
had a rough morning ... alarm did NOT go off .... 
oh man ... had an awesome run- tons of hills and walkways over the highway ... and ignored the whistles and honks from the people watching me- they need to get a life ... 
wow ... a vaccine for HIV ? that's incredible 
is tired and sad . sigh . sleep time .... 
alrighty ..... exam in Adult Health then quickly dash home before traffic , go for a run , shower , eat , study .... and the list goes on- its going to be a busy weekend . 
is studying ..... blaaa 
really wants to go hiking in the mountains , anyone wanna join ? 
yeaaaah ! did awesome on the Mental Health exam ! 
would love to buy my own house so I could decorate it :D 
going for a good jog ... i need one from all this studying ... 
wow- Just got done running for 50 minutes straight in cold and < PROPFEMALE > weather with lots of nice hills too and I didn't feel tired at all ... I love good running days :D . I wish I had them more often 
enjoys the orchestrated sound of pounding rain and rolling thunder :) 
oh man am I glad it is the weekend !! 
thinks that 12/21/12 is NOT going to be the end of the world . I have yet to hear PROOF of the end of the world to be on that ONE day . I think people are too superstitious about things ... naturally . If you have the proof- show me . 
missing < PROPFIRST > ... i hope this week goes by fast 
going to give out Flu shots ! yay ! 
is trying to find some choral pieces to listen to or choral composers ... have any suggestions ? 
is sooo tiiirrreeedd .... but must keep gooiiinngg .... is the weekend here yet ? 
siiighhh ... such a nice day but I have to be in the hospital all day . 
.... snow ..... yuck .... 
Congratulations Obama on winning the Nobel Peace Prize :) 
wants to buy a dog 
misses < PROPFIRST > :( why does he have to live so far away ?!! 
so busy ... so tired ... how am I going to survive the rest of the semester ?! 
wow .... I was at school from 8am till 10pm .... i am so surprised i made it through the day alive 
School work/papers/studying all day . Really wish I could go for a hike instead . 
YEAH !!! Can't wait for Creed's new CD to come out !!! Their new song \Ovecome\ " and \ " Rain\ " are awesome- check em out ! " 
uuuuuggg ... pushed myself WAY too hard on my run ... it twas 50 minutes of fun though :) 
REALLY wants to go for a run right now 
Just finished a really hard run- I needed to clear my head from stuff ... I found a WICKED road that will kill ANYONE's legs- I call it rollercoaster route . oh yes ... my legs are dead ... 
wants to go running in the mountains- anyone want to join ? 
YEAH !! WAY TO GO VIKES !!! It was a little too close though ... 
is missing < PROPFIRST > :( 
can't wait to see < PROPFIRST > :) 
tiiirrreeeddd .... 
goooooo vikingssssss 
VIKES !!! COME ON !!! uuggghhhhhhh 
Oh well , great job though Vikes- you worked REALLY hard :) course I think we should have been way ahead ... what the heck was the \trip\ " for ? such a stupid call ... " 
does NOT want to be here and start the week . It is going to be INSANE . I want to go back home :( 
nevermind ... this week is going to be he ** for me .... I really need a vacation . 
is taking one small step at a time ... 
\It's just one of those days ... \ " yeah listening to \ " break stuff\ " by Limp Bizket sounds perfect right now .... " 
watching ghost hunters , hehe 
listening to Creed :D 
Bought the new Creed CD !! :D 
Going to a CC meet to watch < PROPFIRST > get top 30 in conference !!! :D GO < PROPFIRST > ! 
tired .... 
AAAHHH 19 days left until the movie comes out :D 
man i needed that run :) 
is wolverine ;) 
it's time to bring on the presentation- I hope you are all prepared for what I have in store for you , classmates of WAGS :) heheheheee buhahahaaa 
omg i am so tired ... such a LONG week it will be :( 
aaaah \the big bang theory\ " is SO FUNNY !! It makes me happy :D " 
is made out of adamantium 
LOL < PROPMALE > Cooper is amazing 
studying , studying , studying , studying and even more studying ... these next couple weeks better go by fast . 
is watching LOTR while I write my care plan ; it's SUCH a great movie !!!! :D 
what a rough day ... 
took care of the smallest little premature infant today , he was so small !!! and he grasped my pinky finger :D , it was so precious ! 
11 hours to go !!!! AH I CAN'T WAIT ANYMORE !!!!!!! 
heading off to stand in line to watch New < PROPFEMALE > !!! :D 
I am definitely a < PROPMALE > fan ... all the way . 
It gets dark way too fast :( ... it makes me unhappy 
Does anyone have the movie \Mean Girls\ " that I can borrow ? " 
its awesome when part of your hw consists of watching movies :) 
watching silence of the lambs while I appropriately study for my mental health exam :) 
way to go Vikes :) 
its fun to run in the rain :) 
i am going home ... GOODBYE ROCH !... for the next 6 days anyways 
is ticked off ..... 
sigh ... being sick on a much needed long break is NOT cool ... 
is writing some < PROPMALE > controversial papers ... it's intense . I have no idea if my teacher will like it or not . 
I am thankful for my whole family and their great cooking :) Happy Thanksgiving ! 
studying about our fragmented health care system ... I have a final on monday about this ... it is going to be a crazy test 
had an amazing time with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > today !!! :) Thank you ! 
sigh ... I hope this next week goes by really fast 
done with one test ... now I just have a billion other things to finish and then I get to go home ! 
yeah !!! Another A ! It's a good day ... 
siiigghhh .... I'm soooo sick of writing ... 
not in the best mood right now ... 
woohooo .... time to study like mad for the next 4 days 
is thinking about happy things that will happen in the future :) 
thinks Owl City is awesome :) . The music makes me happy :) 
:( RIP < PROPFEMALE > ... I will miss you :'( 
I am going home tomorrow !!! YES !!! 
HOME !!! FINALLY !!! :D 
sigh .... one more thing to do and then I am officially done 
is not feeling very good :( 
is now officially done with fall semester ... one more semester left ! craaazzzyyy :) 
watching twister ... makes me want to continue my dream of being a tornado chaser . 
C'mon Vikes , lets win this game today ! 
yeah ! Great job Vikings ! I knew you could do it 
aahhh .... < PROPFIRST > come home :( I miss youuuu 
Is going to watch the new < PROPMALE > Pitt movie , Inglorious Bas*%$# with my brother !! This should be a good movie haha 
Inglourious Bas*@#$ is a funny movie ! Definitely a marked movie by Mr. Tarantino . Bravo . 
Two more days !!!.. :D ... maybe 
If you are trying to solve a crossword puzzle , your left ear will be slightly colder than the right . That's because each brain hemisphere and ear are supplied by the same artery . 
Ask your friend what 3 X 37 is . And watch their eyes as they are thinking . Most people look to the right ( indicating left-brain activity ) 
Yay !! < PROPFIRST > is home :) 
Australian Neuroscientist < PROPFIRST > Pettigrew's novel way of stimulating the left brain : pour ice water into your right ear ..... medical supervision is advised haha 
That was painful to watch .... 
When you want to eavesdrop on a conversation in the next room , which ear do you press against the wall ? For most people , it's the right , which connects to left-brain language centers . 
Talking about troubled or anxious feelings translates them from the right hemisphere into the left- where you can deal with them better . That's how psychotherapy works . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to everyone 
excited for the snowball fight tomorrow :) 
is relaxin :) 
excited and scared for the vikings game today . pull it together guys ! 
I'm the happiest girl EVER !! 
well , I can't say that the last day of the year at work was my most favorite ... was not a good day . Hopefully tomorrow will be better- new year- new day- im hoping for the best here !!! Happy New Years everyone ! 
For all of you who didn't have to work today , you are lucky . It couldn't have gotten any worse . For all of you who did work with me- thanks for all your help ! You guys totally ROCK ! haha hopefully TOMORROW will go better lol 
Sometimes I wish I could just read people's minds so I knew what they really thought of me . I wonder what this world would be like if everyone could do that . 
is sending her brother to the hospital :( 
Daryll is all better :) he now has antibiotics and is happy :) 
Congratulations < PROPFIRST > on getting into the University of Iowa !!!!!!!! 
' s guinea pig is dieing :( sad day 
wow ... there are so many people who are trying to force the president to push his speech to a different time because it will cover the spot time for the show Lost .... seriously people ? a show is more important to you than what is going on with our country ??? SAD !! 
is craving thunderstorms with the pitter-patter of rain on the roof .... 
Heading back to ol ' Roch today . yay .... 
haha thanks to < PROPFEMALE>'s awesome gift ... I probably wont go to bed till 5am !! Thanks again < PROPFEMALE > !! Great idea for a gift ! 
My room is the only room in the whole house that is freezing . :( I had 5 blankets on me and I was still cold .... sigh .... 
:( missing < PROPFIRST > :( 
is excited for this weekend !!! :D 
eeee !! We just booked ourselves an AWESOME suite dedicated to the famouse 1960's SR-71 Black Bird :) my favorite aircraft ! It's going to be fun ! 
ah !!! this room is amazing :) the city is awesome and the University is HUGE !! It will be great living here !! 
back to being lonely ... sigh ... 
Is really excited for this summer !! 
I love running in the winter ! I am becoming quite the pro at running on ice without falling :D 
siiighh .... why oh WHY am I watching < PROPFIRST > Beck ? Now I'm pissed and want to argue with someone ... 
hahaha ... there is ice everywhere = class is canceled :) back to sleep I go 
I hate ice when its everywhere ... 
Its going to be a very much welcomed weekend :) 
Alright Vikings , this is your time ... focus and WIN IT !!! 
omg Saints ... PURPOSELY hurting our quarterback is NOT the way to get to the super bowl . Oh im ticked off ..... 
well ... back to studying .... 
start of a busy week ... 
crap .... wind is starting to pick up ... I better go for a run quick before it gets worse ... :-/ 
is taking the highway to the dangerzone ... 
Thanks to a patient and his family I took care of today , I am thinking about trying out snowshoe running ! why ? cause it sucks to run in the snow with regular shoes and I feel like trying something new . I might even try XC skiing ... < PROPFEMALE > can help me out with that 
I think it is so weird ( and cool ) that on days where I am so exhausted and then go on a run , I run far faster and better than days where I have a lot of energy before my run . It is such a great feeling :) 
You know its cold out when you go for a run and finish with large icicles on your eyelashes and eyebrows . haha , that was fun 
Is going to go see some awesome friends in < PROPFEMALE > and then go see < PROPFIRST > run- should be a good weekend :) 
crazy weekend .... 
It's Doppelgänger week . Change your profile picture to someone famous ( actor , musician , athlete , etc . ) you have been told you look like . After you update your profile with your evil twin or switched at birth photo then cut/paste this to your status or send it to your friends . 
celibrating < PROPFIRST>'s birthday today :) and going to see avatar ... should be a good day 
is oh so tired .... 
Please put this on your status if you or someone you know is gay . My wish for 2010 is that people will understand that being gay is not a disease - people who are gay are not looking for a cure but for ACCEPTANCE and EQUAL RIGHTS .... 93% won't Copy and Paste this . Will you make this your status for at least one hour ? 
man today was a long day ... < PROPFIRST > we should book flights to the bahamas or hawaii ... I need a vacation :( 
siigghh ... icing my calves ... they hurt :( 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status and the first entry for your name under comments . 
is missing < PROPFIRST > :( ... really badly ... 
Got into the Neuro ICU unit for my capstone !!!!!! :D SUPER happy :D and excited ! 
writing several papers today :( sigh . 
finally got my ring and it is BEAUTIFUL !!!! :D < PROPFIRST > you are amazing and you know me so well :) 
gunna go for a short run ... woohhoooo :) fun times . 
craaaazy week up ahead and my legs hurt .... stupid snow .... 
W$^ *$%* &$%*& UGH !!! Seriously Professor Orth- TELL US WHEN HAWTHORNE IS CLOSED !!! I almost got hit out there and I was in such a big rush to make it ON TIME .... sad thing is , is I did make it on time >:( 
Wish I had a snowmobile ... I would just drive that to clinicals ... or ski ... 
had a good day at OB clinical , hopefully tomorrow goes just as smoothly :) 
Bazinga !! 
alright , so I actually did the celeb look alike thing on myheritage.com and they consistantly said I looked like Grace < PROPFIRST > ... so there you go ... aaaand do you agree ? I say its pretty darn close ! 
To Celebrate Valentines Day , Change your Profile Pic to you and your spouse/so and make sure to tell how long you've been together and how you met ! 
sigh ... Rochester is so bad with shoveling the sidewalks here , im just going to have to suck it up and go to the gym .. :( 
:( had a bad day and is missing someone very much :( 
Had a MUCH better day today , thank goodness . Still missing < PROPFIRST > :( 
whoa ... scientists have found the reasons for the death of < PROPMALE > Tutankhamun . It is likely his parents were brother and sister and those who know genetics know that bad things can happen with that situation . He supposedly had a cleft palate , a club foot and had weak bones . He then broke his leg and died from Malaria . Fascinating . 
loves watching relay speed skating 
is listening to postal service and yellowcard and thinking about someone :) 
what a FANTASIC day for a run :D 
attempting to study ... 
its gunna be a long day 
is verrrrry tired ... but has a lot of stuff to do still ..... sigh 
EEE !!! My preceptor for capstone is AWESOME !!! I am SO excited to start ... but I only get to go for 80 hours :( That isn't enough in my book ... 
... 
Is excited to see < PROPFIRST > and celebrate our 6 year anniversary !!! :D Love you < PROPFIRST > ! 
Happy 6 year anniversary < PROPFIRST > :) 
Is watching The Terminal- SUCH a good movie 
AH it is so wonderful outside ! I'm going to enjoy a nice needed run in SHORTS !!!! :D 
Wishes she could be with < PROPFIRST > right now :( 
its so beautiful out ! I wish I could go for a walk with < PROPFIRST > :( . Guess I'll just go for a run instead ... 
YES !! No class on Friday !! I am going home tomorrow !!!! 
Congrats < PROPFIRST > and the rest of his team ! You guys ran AWESOME today ! Goodluck tomorrow :D 
Had fun watching < PROPFIRST > run a new PR for the 400m- way to go !!! 
It's spring break , and I'm studying .... what is wrong with me ? :-/ 
listening to amazing classical music while studying next to candle light . Awesomeness :) 
I will hopefully get to see < PROPFIRST > tomorrow :D 
Happily studying with < PROPFIRST > :) 
This is it ! When I come home , I will have a degree !!! :D 
Finally took out the violin today and played some pretty songs :) It's great being re-aquainted with my old wooden friend :) It also made me miss my orchestra class . Those were the days .... 
“May the road rise up to meet you , may the wind be ever at your back . May the sun shine warm upon your face and the rain fall softly on your fields . And until we meet again , May God hold you in the hollow of his hand . ” - a little < PROPFEMALE > blessing for you all- Happy St. < PROPFIRST>'s Day !! 
Boondock Saints II is a fantastic movie . I definitely can't stand the woman though ... at all ... 
Really wants to go hiking in the mountains ... 
studying for the NCLEX exam , yippy skippy ... 
Today was the most exhausting and mentally draining day ever .... I'm surprised I made it through the day . 
ah Beethoven , your sonata op . 27 no . 2 \moonlight sonata\ " is ever so pleasing to my ears . " 
another tough day ... but I learned so much . It feels as if nursing school really hasn't taught me anything ... the clinical area is my school now . I can't wait to go back bright and early tomorrow again :D 
wow , atropine is a fantastic drug when the patient starts to have SVT for five minutes and the blood pressure drops immediately ... no cardioversion was necessary and the heart went back into a normal rhythm . FASCINATING ! 
fun weekend in Iowa City ... only saw one appartment , didn't like it ... so we are going AGAIN down to Iowa tomorrow to check out quite a few more . Hopefully everything goes well and we find a place we like :D 
got an apartment ! and sadly spent over 700$ . At least the apartment looks nice :) It is our first home together !!! :D 
wasn't able to enjoy the lovely weather :( but the amazing cases I had today made up for it :) 
Obama , I am not quite sure I support your decision of off-shore drilling . We have the technology- why don't we find a way to be less dependant on oil ? To me , THAT makes sense . 
Applying to MANY MANY jobs in Iowa ... ** crosses fingers ** 
is NOT haiving a good morning .... 
has another headache :( whats with all these stupid headaches ??? :( 
woohoo ! I was able to run and not get wet ! Course it doesn't matter cause I need to take a shower now anyways ... 
Life sucks ... I wish I didn't have to sleep , or eat or be dependant on money or have to get insurance for everything or have to convince someone to hire me ... The cave in the middle of the woods is sounding like a fantastic house for me as well as the lifestyle to go along with it . sigh . 
Thanks to my brother , I am going to New Zealand for my next vacation ... the mountains there and the hiking routes are amazing and beautiful . And I will take MANY pictures for my mom :) 
oh boy do I have a lot to do this weekend :/ and next weekend and the weekend after that .... and the one after that .... hoooraaaahhhh this is going to be FUN ! 
what a beautiful day :) 
tired :( 
is going to energize myself by playing football with my roommate < PROPFEMALE > !! woohoo ! 
woooo had an awesome time playing football ! Now time to study about hypothermia treatment in post traumatic brain injury patients ... 
exhausted ... but still managed to apply to two more jobs and work on my papers ... now onto my projects ... who's going to be getting enough sleep this week ?? NOT me ... :( 
good run today , met a random guy who decided to come over and talk to me while I was stretching .... Robert : \i just felt like bugging you .. \ " well fantastic ... do you mind ? I'm sweaty and would like to just stretch and take a shower . I guess thats what happens when you live by a high school .... " 
lots of things to do today ... sooo tired .... 
I can't believe I am almost done with school and going to be a NURSE ! AAH !! I'm so excited ! 
DEPRESSION is not a sign of weakness , it is a sign that you have been trying to be strong for too long . Put this as your status if you know someone who has or who has had depression . Most people won't , as they see depression as an illness that can be caught . ? - Comments ? Discussion ? 
would really like a job offer :( or even an interview ... at least one ... it will make me so much happier ... sigh . 
four days left of classes , I can hardly believe it ... 
As some may know- my mom and aunt have Multiple Sclerosis and have suffered a lot with this terrible disease . There is a TC bike race coming up soon that my cousins are taking part in and they are trying to raise 700$ in donations to the MS Society to help find a cure . Please , if you are able to donate money for our cause- contact me ! Please help me find a cure so my mom and aunt don't have to suffer anymore . 
got up early so I can get done with EVERYTHING for college today :) It's going to be a great day :D 
I am going to sleep well tonight , knowing that I am now done with everything in my college career . I was starting to think this day would never come ... 
Studying for the NCLEX :) yaaaay 
I miss my mom and brother :( 
wooohooo !!! Graduation is now over and I am so excited to see what will happen next in my life :D 
Studying studying and more studying . How fun ... 
Right now there is a nurse helping a \ 
woman become a mom , a nurse holding the hand of a dying man , a \ 
nurse inserting an IV in a child , a nurse listening to an Alzheimer's \ 
patient tell a story , a nurse missing her family while caring for yours . \ 
In the time it took you to read this , nurses all over the world are \ 
saving lives . It's nurses appreciation week . Repost if you are a nurse or\ 
someone you love is a nurse ! 
wow , I obviously kicked up my game in my last semester of college ... 19 credits , 1 B and the rest A's , 8 classes in all ... how did I do that ?? Crazy ... 
Helping my Mom and Grandma put up wallpaper .... NOT a fan of wallpaper ... maybe a border will be fine but from here on I am going to paint my walls in my future house . 
more studying ... but I'm going to ROCK this exam :) 
Going back to Roch ... to study some more ... :P 
Well I had a good run , but it doesn't matter now that I heard the news that my guinea pig died :*( ... sad day .... 
It's official !! I am taking the NCLEX exam on May 25th at 8am !!! Wish me luck ! I am nervous but REALLY excited to take it :D :D :D :D 
Congrats to < PROPFIRST > Kennedy for running a sub 4 \ 
minute 1500M today !!!!! 3:59 . 34 ... AMAZING .... 
listening to nightwish and studying ! Great combination :) Reminds me of my sophmore years ... 
going on a run to blow off some steam ... 
i hate everything about moving ... I hate packing , planning on what to pack where , loading it to the vehicular-transport and then unloading it and then unpacking and then organizing where to put stuff ... in the past 4 years , I have had to do this 7 times . Yuck ... 
taking the big exam tomorrow .... i've studied so much that now i can't even remember anything ... that means that I am either screwed or completely burnt out . In either case , it's time for me to start packing ... now that it's 95 degrees out . sigh . 
Now the waiting game ...... 
R.N. :D 
Killswitch Engage screams melodically . I like it . 
< PROPFIRST > is here from New Zealand !! :D 
Moving tomorrow ... having mixed feelings , but overall I am excited to see what it is like to be on my own , have my own place and start working . On the outside it may seem like I am all grown up but MAN do I still feel like a kid . 
Well , I'm not going to have internet for a while , soooo if you need to contact me- go by phone . But I am all moved into the apartment . I'm really pleased with the place :) 
FINALLY has internet ... dear goodness ... I didn't know that getting internet was so complicated here in Iowa . 
was awoken by a strong line of thunderstorms , and it was wonderful :) 
Just so everyone knows , in order to save money- I took off texting so if you want to contact me , you are either going to have to call me or FB me . :( sad day ... 
would really REALLY like a job ... come on Iowa Hospitals , help me out here !! :( 
Shutter Island ... I dunno if my mind will be able to recover from all the twists and turns involved with the movie ... :P .... bravo to DiCaprio for another great performance . Now I'm going to watch it again .... cause I'm crazy .... :^P 
Another day of heavy rain and thunderstorm . I'm glad it came today though since today is my day off of running , so instead of running in it again- I get to enjoy it while being dry ! :) Still ... I can't tell which is better :P 
YAY ! I have an interview on a Cardiac/Stroke Unit ! Hopefully I get the job ... 
Sigh ... no severe weather down here ... I'm sad to have missed all the action in MN :( 
going to go on another run :) but the hills here REALLY hurt to run on :( 
One of the best feelings ever is a FANTASTIC run where it feels like you could run forever :D 
Really really really wants to go hiking at glacier ... That's what I get for looking at pictures of my past vacations with my family . I miss those days :( 
hahaha weelll .... I remembered EVERYTHING for the interview except my copies of my resume .... I hope they don't count that as me being lazy or sloppy ... OTHER THAN THAT my interview went awesome ! :) I will find out next week ! and I get to shadow a nurse this thursday ! :: crosses fingers :: 
I wish it wasn't so hot :( 
yes ! I got the job ! I will be working on a cardiac/stroke unit at Mercy Medical Center in Cedar Rapids !!! :D Plus I will be able to float to the ICU ! This is just AWESOME ! 
I am pretty sure I have eaten half of the gnat population here in Iowa City while running ... 
Excited to see my family this weekend ! 
Had a great weekend :) Now it's time to start my job ! :D 
woohoo ! I am starting on the floor tomorrow ... Im really excited ! It's going to be an early morning though :-/ ... good thing I have my GoodEarth sweet and spicy herbal tea ! 
well it is safe to say that I am NEVER going to paint my nails again over any carpeted service ... how exactly do you get nail polish off of carpet ?? I surprisingly got most of it out using a combination of hairspray , nailpolish remover , a lot of water , windex and a crap load of intense scrubbing . however it is not gone ... any advice ?? 
I took care of the my first patient today by myself and lead the whole care conference .... well actually I was forced to do it . It is day 4 in training for me and I am not actually supposed to be in contact with patients until another month ... I guess my nurse manager believes in me :) SUCH a good feeling ! 
yes ! four days off ! I need a break :( 
here is a tidbit for everyone- hydrogen peroxide does not help healing wounds or killing bacteria ... you are better off just using soap and water and then leaving the wound open to air . 
is making ham and bean soup from scratch !!! :) and I made DELICIOUS raspberry jello cake that < PROPFIRST > said was too sweet for him , lol . That's ok- just more for me ! 
is super excited ! Just got back from the library with many movies and films ... one I will be watching now is Storm Chasers- a Discovery Channel special ... haha I just hope that large tornado-producing storms doesn't come around caaauuusseee I know I will have the urge to go out and do some tornado chasin'!!! Who's with me ??!! 
WOOO !!! It's 68 degrees ... I am going for a run ! It hasn't been this cool for a looong time ! 
I absolutely hate it how people act comepletely different on Facebook than in person ... Seriously- if someone has to say something to you via messenger one can obviously guess that they are about to say something that isn't nice enough to say to the persons face ... or for other people to see on facebook . If you need to say something to me- say it to my face . dear goodness .... 
mmmm .... pizza ... scrubs and sitting next to the person I love ... what an AWESOME night :D 
mmmm bacon , eggs and toast .... for dinner !!! Can I get a YES !! :) I love breakfast nights with < PROPFIRST > :D . 
I am off to < PROPFIRST>'s family reunion . I am excited to meet the whole Kennedy family ! Hopefully they will like me :) 
has found a new director that she needs to have all the movies he has written/directed/produced just because he is so amazing -- < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . Pure genius . 
Wooohooo , it's a < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > marathon today ! I'm watching most of his movies ... I will have to wait to see inception when it comes out in redbox :( 
I am really liking my job . It is completely fast paced ... my 12 hour shift today felt like a regular 8 hour shift .... sweet :) 
According to NASA , a solar flare ( burst of charged particles ) from the sun occurred Sunday night and was directed towards Earth . This flare should reach us tonight and continue onto Wednesday- causing a large array of northern lights ! I hope it was a large enough flare that the northern lights will be seen in Iowa ! 
work tomorrow and then a three day weekend :) .... time to relax ! :D 
Is very happy for the GLBT community in California !!!!! :D :D :D Keep holding strong ! 
Congratulations < PROPFIRST > !! It was a long road but you made it and now will enjoy a rewarding career :) Good luck at Mayo ! 
ha ... apparently there is a game that has been created that does not have controllers .... but instead your wear a headpiece and you control the character by \thinking\ " the character to do things . CRAZY ! " 
yay ! We just bought a palm-looking plant for our living room and it looks awesome :) My goal- a couple more of those kinds of plants , two small tree plants and some vines . That's right- our living room is going to be a jungle soon enough ... 
I love the nurses that I work with on the floor . I haven't found a rotten one yet :) One in particular is especially awesome because he looks EXACTLY like my brother Daryll < PROPFIRST > Helseth ... like seriously- I had to do quadruple-takes just to make sure it wasn't actually him . He sure makes me miss my brother though :( I think of him every time I see him ---- I miss you bro !! 
Why yes , I am out of my Vulcan mind ;P ... 
is excited to see < PROPMALE > this weekend ! 
really really really really really really REALLY wants a dog :( 
it is storming out , almost looks like a hurricane ... and what does < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > think immediately ?? \ LETS GO RUNNING IN IT !!! \ " ha ... have fun guys ... i will just sit here and drink some wine and enjoy the storm inside . :P man the thunder is loud " 
loves watching Meerkat Manor ! 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > will always be my friend . I recommend for everyone to try it :) 
I finally bought The Big Bang Theory- :) I am so excited to watch all the episodes of my favorite show ! 
Sounds like Favre is going to be sticking with us for one more season :) but I wont get my hopes up yet ... I just need to find a way to watch the games since I am in an area where the large majority of people are Chicago Bears fans and I do not have cable ... 
had a rough night ... was extremely busy , had an admit and a code PLUS I didn't get a lunch ... I hope tonight goes WAY better . 
I can't WAIT to watch the Vikings play !!! We are going all the way this season !! 
was happy to see < PROPFIRST>'s family who came to visit :) now its time to watch some big bang theory and figure out what to wear for halloween so I have enough time to make it :) 
does anyone know how to watch football games live on the internet ???! I would really like to watch the preseason game tonight :( 
is so happy to have found the book Ender in Exile at the library ! Now it's time to revisit my all-time favorite fiction novel character- Ender and remember , again , why Ender's Game is the best book ever written !!! 
I had a horrible night .... the LAST thing I want to do is ruin the rest of my day sleeping instead of being in this wonderful weather and go back to the hospital again tonight . at least I don't have the same preceptor as last night ... dear goodness I felt I was going to go insane ... 
really wants to teach Anatomy and Physiology ... with < PROPFIRST > taking my favorite class , I am reminded by how much I miss A+P and my study group from that class . Aw the good ol ' days :D 
wow ... I was one hour short of working a full 16 HOUR SHIFT ... and I thought 12 hours were tough .... sheesh . But hey , I do this for my patients . :) they are what keep me going 
\Imagination \ 
sorry Daryll but Disturbed's new album is AWESOME , omg I have not yet found a song that I didn't like on it ... they really did a fantastic job this time . 
not quite sure if I want to be a pirate or an injured cyborg for Halloween ... :-/ suggestions ? 
maybe I should have went to med school ... 
is getting a membership at the gym ... I have an urge to lift some weights 
I miss my cousins ! I really want to go on a vacation out west :( 
Oh man !! Season 3 of The Big Bang Theory comes out Sept . 14th !!! :D I'm so excited ! 
:: listens to < PROPMALE > theme song :: MAN DOES IT FEEL GOOD TO LIFT SOME WEIGHTS !!!.... not to mention having a very awesome run before hand ... I'll skip the raw egg eating though .... :P 
I hope , someday , that I will own a < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > jersey ..... someday .... #69 all the way ! 
< PROPMALE > Cosby is a VERY funny man ... he made me laugh so hard that I cried several times while watching his stand-up show ... oh my goodness it is a must see ! 
I am planning a trip all over the US ! if you know of any awesome places to go for hiking or fishing or fantastic photo taking- let me know ! Researching everything takes a while ... 
wow .... the only awesome part of the game was when Peterson hurdled one of the dolphins and kept going . other than that ... pretty crappy game :( 
well ... today started out as a good day . my workout was amazing and it still feels great lifting some weights ... but then the day just bombed from that point .... sigh ..... w/e 
oh my goodness ... it is SO BEAUTIFUL outside !!! mid 50's ... overcast ... just got done raining ... AMAZING weather ! :D 
AHHH I am in my creative state of mind ... and of course that means watching the most creative and flawless movie ever created- LOTR TRILOGY ! I am trying to find ways to re-create Arwen's traveling gown- it is so beautiful !!! :P ... well ... all the outfits are amazing- I guess I will be sewing for a long time :P haha 
Come ooooon Vikings ! Let's win this one ... PLEASE win this one ! 
I'm watching The Road to Rio .... how many of you know that movie ?! hahaha it's a pretty funny movie ! 
I am officially off orientation ... today is my first day on my own ... * gulp * ... wish me luck . : -L 
I love the people I work with :) they helped me out so much yesterday- it was a miserable day and they made it 100X better !!! I am so glad I chose this unit :D 
just watched Space Cowboys .... what an amazing film- why did no one tell me about this movie ?!! It was soooo funny ! Those guys were so awesome together .... I must be in a < PROPMALE > Eastwood film mood this weekend- last night I watched Invictus ( very good movie ) now I am in line to watch Every Which Way but Loose ... 
working nights this week ... im so tirreeeddd ... :( 
You and I wake up in jail together ... using only FOUR words , what would you say to me ? Copy and paste this in your status and see what funny things your friends say . ( And if you make a comment , you gotta put this as your status . ) 
Really wants to go on a vacation :( ... now ... 
I am not in a good mood right now ... I hate cars ... 
I have no one to watch the game with :( .. nor do i have a place to go to watch it :( 
I have the best fiance in the world ! Despite being incredibly busy- he took me out to watch the vikings game :D 
Congratulations < PROPFIRST > Kennedy !! Getting first place at conferences is a huge deal ! AND YOU DID IT !!!! I bet you couldn't wipe the smile off your face all day ... and probably in your sleep ... and I know you will be smiling when you wake up tomorrow ... ;) keep smiling- you deserve it ! :D 
Watching the football game :) Hopefully they will win this time ... 
Back in Iowa City ... I had a great weekend though :) It was nice to see everyone ! 
Has a 6B pencil in my right hand and a hardy sketch book in the left ... going to try to draw some anime :) 
hmm ... placed on call today ... for 12 hours ... what do I do now ? 
well ... I was called into work ... off I go ... 
< PROPFEMALE > is visiting !!! :) 
Alright Vikings -- lets win it today !! :D 
Going to the bar with < PROPFIRST > to watch the vikings :D 
Even though the Vikings disappointed me for the millionth time- it was still a fun night with < PROPFIRST > :) This was an awesome weekend :D 
forgot my phone charger at home :-/ siiiiggghhh .... 
last day at work , then three days off :) I need sleeeeeppp :( 
woohooo , just beat < PROPFEMALE > - ocarina of time , feels good :) now what should I play ??.. 
suddenly feeling artistic out of no where ... I'm going to try to finish this dinosaur drawing for Taz Volkmuth :) 
I miss the good ol ' days ... :( 
... quoth the < PROPFEMALE > ' Nevermore ' ... 
Way to go Childress ... way to go ... 
woohoo ! just made some AWESOME stir-fry !! it is soooo good :) I'm making this more often :D 
studying all the candidates in Iowa ... it feels so weird voting in Iowa for Iowa ... 
hahahaha yesss ... heard \Stayin ' Alive\ " from the BeeGees on the radio on my way home from work- PERFECT way to end my looooong crazy night . Man do I love them :) " 
.... sigh .... 
making stir fry again :) this time with mushrooms , broccoli , onions and green pepper !! :) I'm so excited :D 
working 11-11 today ... boy i'm tired . 
back from work ... time to go to the GYM !!! :) 
Making Fish and Chips with < PROPFIRST > tonight :) 
Watching house -- the episode is of a patient with a heart arrhythmia !!! Just my area of expertise !! :P 
LOL just went shopping for christmas gifts/food/necessities for the past 4 1/2 hours :) 
I need more sleep :( 
Got home from an exhausting night of work ... time for more Christmas shopping ! :D 
Starting another drawing :) 
way to go Vikings ... you guys just don't know how to play as a team . Chilly- I don't think you know what you are doing . It's time to for you to suck it up , admit you are screwing up and let someone else in who knows what they are doing ... jeesh .... :( not happy today . 
I'm half way done with my drawing !!! :) :D I can't wait :) I like this one :D 
Well , today I will be tested in the simulation lab to see if I can save someone who is going through cardiac arrest .... this should get interesting ... Does anyone know what to do if the patient goes into Asystole ?! It's probably the most scary rhythm to see when you hook up the monitor to the patient :-/ , I just know my ACLS teacher is going to throw that rhythm at me today ... :( 
Woohoo ! I passed :) I can now successfully perform ACLS and hopefully save someone's life :D 
I feel like I'm being left in the dark all the time ... I hate it .... oh well , I'm off to work . 
well , day got even worse ... I wonder how bad this day will get . Going to the gym to blow off some steam ... :( 
lonely once again :( ... < PROPFIRST > left to go home ... now it is just me and work . I think its time for some < PROPFIRST > Izzard !!!! Bring on the laughs :) 
finished the picture for < PROPFEMALE > Kennedy :) I think she will like it ... a lot :) ... actually I want it ... :P 
:( came home to a very empty , dark and quiet apartment ... :( 
This weekend was bad ... wow .... everything went wrong ! It's hard when you are having a bad day at work and then you find out your team lost AGAIN ... sigh . I hope next year is better 
See ya Chilly ... bout time jeeze ..... 
watching grown ups , eating pizza and mountain dew ... this is an awesome start of a day off :) 
Cleaning the apartment ... completely ... there is nothing else to do . :-/ Oh and yes I will be watching all seasons of the office while I do this . :D 
Was put on call .... I am #2 of 3 nurses put on call today ... wow . So now what to do ... I am wiiiide awake .... 
Watching < PROPFEMALE > Hills Ninja :) 
In light of the news about what is going on in the world ... I will be researching everything about the political aspects of both the North and South Korea and their relationship with the rest of the world . This is very interesting .... 
Well , I am definitely thankful that I did not get killed on the drive home from work today ... rain/sleet/snow on a highway that has a speed limit of 70 ... some people were going way faster than 70 ... STUPID RETARDS !! 
im so tired ..... i'm going to go to bed ... at 9:15 pm .. this NEVER happens ! :( 
Working nights today ... We will see how I will be able to stay awake :-/ 
hm , never mind ... was placed on call tonight ... I JUST WANNA GO HOME !!! :( fine , im going to go to bed and get up really early and go home then ... 
:D nuthin ' but smiles :D 
:( because of weather , I have to leave early tomorrow ... :( I'm sad .... 
Enjoying this thunderstorm that I am grateful not to be driving through right now :) 
Put up Christmas decorations !! And thanks to < PROPFEMALE > Kennedy , there are personalized family-made ornaments to put on our fiber-optic tree :) pictures will soon come ... 
Put on-call again today ... 3rd day in a week ... what to do now ? Practice < PROPMALE > ! :D Always puts me in a good mood :) 
Cleaned the apartment , lit some candles , did some decorating and watching The Expendables ... that all goes together right ? ha ... yeah I'm different that way . 
Just got back from the gym ... aww I am in a good mood :) I love serotonin :D 
Is thinking of planning a trip with < PROPFIRST > later this month ! Maybe somewhere down south ? 
The best way to describe my day at work would be Metallica's song St. Anger ... definitely could have used listening to that song today .... siiigh im so tired .. 
Change\ 
your FB profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To \ 
not see a human face on FB till Monday , December 6th . Join the fight \ 
against child abuse . \ 
------ YEAH FANTASIA !!! ------- 
< PROPFIRST > and I made a DELICIOUS pork butt roast !!! omg it was SO good ! We are getting better at this cooking thing .. ;P 
Enjoying some AMAZING nightwish music now ... man- who needs coffee ... just listen to this music in the morning and you will become wide awake . No joke . 
Come on Vikings , let's win this one ! 
Rice is still an amazing player ! We missed you < PROPMALE > ! Glad you are playing today ... its so much fun watching you catch TD passes :D 
going to the gym ! woohoo ! I hope its not too busy :-/ 
was called into work ... only working 4 hours today , going to go to the gym afterward :D . 
only got about 2 1/2 hours of sleep ... blah ... gunna be a long 12 hours today ... 
WOOOOOO .... boy what a day ... 5 patients on day shift with multiple gtts including nitro and heparin and MANY glucose checks ... jeepers ... anyways- im happy :) my gym workout was awesome :D 
going to work ... I hope its a good day :( 
the headlights on my car burned out ... :( I swear things are slowly falling apart on my poor car :( 
Yeah that's right , I fixed my own headlights :P < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > would be so proud of me :) haha 
wow , well it was raining ... within 2 minutes the rain turned into snow right before my eyes ... that was pretty sweet- not gunna lie . haha yay its going to be fun driving in this tomorrow morning . 
I say it is a good day for drawing :) 
Listening to techno and drawing a pic for my brother :) nothing better than this :D 
man it was NOT fun driving into work this morning ... ice is definitely not my friend , especially with 45 mph wind gusts ... :( 
apartment is all clean :) it makes me happy ! :D now I get to enjoy making dinner ... pork chops with spinach salad and other various veggies :D 
:( wasn't able to sleep at all last night ... great ... hopefully work goes alright for me today :) 
Yup it is for sure- LOTR is the best movie ever made . I have yet to find a flaw in that trilogy :) 
what a day ... I never thought I would be able to leave .. oh well . haha and now that I am home- there is nothing to do ... guess I could do some dishes .... :-/ 
our dvd player broke .... baaahhh another 50$ down the drain :( hopefully this new one is good :-/ 
watching The Other Guys ... should be a good time :D 
I seriously want to go on a vacation- who wants to go on a road trip out west somewhere and go hiking with me ? I swear it will be a lot of fun ! It would be a trip of a lifetime :D 
wow that was a rough night ... im going to bed ... 
well , this sucks . Now what is there to do ? :( sigh .... 
Going to watch Dirty < PROPMALE > and go to bed :) < PROPMALE > Eastwood is awesome :D 
Starting my Christmas early :D I've got a good movie to watch , some tostinos pizza , chips and dip and some pineapple that were all on sale !! :D 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ! Drive safe and keep warm . I hope < PROPFEMALE > brought you all something good this year despite these shady economical times . And always remember- laugh and be < PROPFEMALE > and make sure to forever wear a SMILE ! :D It makes life so much more interesting !! 
WHOO ! Had a great workout :) did an hour on the elliptical while watching World's Strongest Man competition ( holy crap were those guys insane ! ) then did an hour of weight lifting . I can now squat 200 lbs !!! YES ! SUCH a good day :) 
Wooohoo ! Super < PROPFIRST > Sunshine is fun :D I'm actually getting good at this game :P 
well legs were completely sore from the two hour workout yesterday- so I went to work out again today to get the knots out ... yeeaaah that didn't work cause I ended up almost working out for 2 hours again today . Hey if it feels great working out- why stop ?? lol ah work is going to be painful tomorrow ... 
wow were we robbed there ... :( whatever 
Awesome job Vikings- you truly played as a team ... now why couldn't this have happened during this whole season :( It would have changed things up a bit . 
Im so tired :( I don't feel good either . baahhh 
Im loving this 45 degrees weather !! :) shorts and t-shirt weather ?! YES ! :D 
\mmm get a rhythm .. when you get the blues .... ya get a rhythm ... \"" 
Had a REALLY awesome night last night at work :) FINALLY had a good shift :D 
Scrabble , < PROPFIRST > party , Super < PROPFIRST > Sunshine and making a turkey all in one night !!! :D going to be a good night :) 
What a great day to relax ! :D 
Had a great weekend spending time with < PROPFIRST > :) will be sad to have him start his next semester now that I wont be able to be with him as much anymore :( . But man am I proud of him :D < PROPFIRST > YOU ARE AN AMAZING PERSON !!! 
was sent home on call . man it has been a weird day so far . 
:*( Hammy , I am going to miss you terribly . You were the best hamster I have ever met and the first hamster I ever had . I will never forget your cute little face and the amazing things you did that made you so awesome to watch . RIP < PROPMALE > , I hope to see you again sometime . 
LOL !!! Well , I guess the change in the zodiac sign stuff is true .... I am no longer a Sagittarius but am now Ophiuchus ... the man wrestling a snake . Ophiuchus is considered a healer of men and a doctor of medicine or science . He seeks higher education and enlightenment . He is expected to achieve a high position in life . hm ... I'd say that it fits me pretty well :) HAHA :P 
Going to watch some good ol ' < PROPMALE > Eastwood films ... starting with Gran Torino . SUCH a good film :) 
Had an AWESOME time hanging out with Surakshya Shrestha today !! I'm so happy I have an old friend in town now ! :D 
haha what a great end to an awesome day- went to the gym and enjoyed the GB vs Falcons game with the rest of the guys next to me on the elliptical . we all were giving each other high fives lol ... awesome 
Come on Jets ! gotta pick it up !!! 
Now I am no expert buuuuut I think the Stealers and GB are going to the Super Bowl . Anyone else ? hahaha might as well start the guessing game . 
MAKE IT STOP !!!! blaaahhh I hate snow ... I seriously wish winter was over . 
well I did a good thorough sweep of my friends list , if you are able to read my status- congratulations ! I still think of you as a friend :) 
whoa my feet are killing me :( they wont stop hurtingggg ... :( 
I am soooo happy to have tomorrow off from work . my feet need a break :( 
Watching < PROPFIRST > Izzard : Live from Wembly- his latest stand up- he hasn't lost his talent !! my face hurts from laughing XD 
off to work ... really really sad to hear that < PROPFIRST > Olbermann is leaving :( He was the only sensible spokesperson out there . Oh well , i hope he wont be gone for long . 
I can't wait for tomorrow's games !!! OH WAIT ... i gotta work ... for 12 hours ... :( siiighhh well I will see if I can convince some of my patients to watch them so i can see them from time to time ... 
ALRIGHT ! This is the day I have been waiting for ! COME ON STEELERS AND PACKERS ! :D 
YEAHH !!!! haha this is going to be an awesome Superbowl game .... and EVEN BETTER- I GET TO WATCH IT !!! yes !!!! 
\ ... and that's why they call me bad company ... \"" 
making a fun breakfast- ham , eggs and pancakes , coffee and grapefruit juice :) nummmyyy :D 
Will Ferrell is coming to the office ?!?? hmmm i dunno if that will be a good thing or not 
making a surprise dinner for < PROPFIRST > ... theme is ' Italian Night ' :) I hope he likes it !! :D 
time to get back into night mode . work overnights next week ... it is really getting hard switching back and forth ... geesh . BUT hey its nice doing what i normally feel like doing- being a night owl . 
man do i have a lot on my mind ... 
I am sooo happy ! I just found out that I can start applying for nurse anesthesia schools in a year ! Because I am on a cardiac care unit , most schools would accept my application ! :D Maybe I can get started on my continued education earlier than I thought ?! yessss ! 
finished an amazing workout and am now studying about strokes and Neuroanatomy !!! :D 
WOW what a looooong day ... time to work out ! :) 
LOL people think its funny that I workout in my 2004 monster truck shirt ... maybe I like monster trucks ?! 
OMG !! Dinner for Schmucks is SUCH a funny movie !!! im going to watch it again .... 
well i made it home ok ... im SOOO tired ... but it was great seeing all the night crew again :D you guys make me laugh ! XD 
WOW it is seriously a white out here .... insane . 
Helped some people get out of the ditch ! and then helped shovel the entrance to our parking lot since several other people kept getting stuck ... this blizzard is CRAZY !!!! :) we had fun though :) What a great way to celebrate < PROPFIRST>'s birthday :D 
I can't wait to go home !!! :D just one more shift of work left before I can leave and see all my favorite Minnesotans again !! 
was put on call .... my car is acting up again :( its shaking all over the place when i drive at fast(er ) speeds .... siiiiiigh ... I hate cars so much . 
:) it's nice to be relaxing at home with family and friends :) 
MAN this is going to be a good game , can't wait ! Good luck to both teams , but my bet is going to have to be placed on the Steelers . 
Congratulations Packers ! You played well ! The thing I was most disappointed on was the half time show and the commercials ... they were SOOO boring . :-/ Who in their right mind thought that the black eyed peas would be great to have for half time ?! deeeaarrr goooddneeesss .... Fergie cannot sing worth crap 
I am so tired :( I wish I didn't need as much sleep as I do . 
Really wants a Mazda 3i Sport ... or the 2011 Honda Civic Si :) and it shall be black with green interior neon lights :D 
Yup , I think a trip out west is a must this summer . Who wants to come with ? 
kind of an exhausting weekend of work .. happy to be home though :) kinda wish I could have enjoyed the weather :-/ 
Really really wants to buy a cello and play ... 
blaaah it's hard to breathe when I have a cold ... it's even harder to breathe when I have a cold and try to run . :( blast this sickness 
oooo boy did I have a rough day at work , I learned a lot though . Came home and made a delicious veggie stir fry ... and made my man happy :P :D it's aaaall worth it . 
OH . MAN . AM . I . TIRED .... going to quickly eat something and go to BED . I'm so excited for sleep :D 
Studying the new changes to ACLS and re-drawing all my algorithms ... I got this ... I think ... it'll just take me a while to remember everything . 
I feel like crap ... :( blaaahh . 
BROTHERS WEEK !!! If your brother who has made you laugh , punched you , stuck up for you , drove you crazy , annoyed you to no end , hugged you , watched you succeed , saw you fail , picked you back up , cheered you on , made you strong , and is someone you are very proud to have in your life , re-post this to your status . \ 
\ 
Love you Daryll !! You are the best brother EVER ! :D 
Officially going on night schedule now at work ... this will be so much better for me :) I feel more tired during a day shift than a night shift- that tells ya something ... 
:D Chinese food for lunch ... nummyyy :D 
Ugh ... Turbotax can go suck a flippin lemon ... Don't use that website , it will scam you . 
Buying new scrubs :) It is a good day :D 
Went on a fantastic run in the dark and the fog and drizzle :D aahhh I love this kind of weather ! 
To < PROPFIRST > Kennedy . We have been through so much over the past 7 years , it is hard to believe how fast time flew by . I remember it as if it happened just yesterday , you're boyish grin as you asked me out and then that same boyish grin when you asked me to marry you 6 years later . You haven't changed a bit ;) and neither has my love for you ! Happy 7th Anniversary :D 
I GOT A ZUNE !!!! This is huge for me cause this is the first < PROPMALE > electronic purchase I have had since my cell phone ... I AM SO HAPPY !! :D and excited ! 
Watching August Rush ... suddenly I am wishing I had a cello ... and a guitar ... 
off to work ... yaaay . Hopefully today will be a good day . And hopefully I will be able to fall asleep tonight :-/ 
In a moby mood ... I love listening to his music :D * dances * 
You know you and your fiance are in the medical field when you argue about how inaccurate these medical tv shows are- especially House . Not only do we discuss it , we PAUSE the show and replay the situation and analyze our findings . :D Which valve did they show the clot go through < PROPFIRST > ? lol ... 
In honor of MS awareness week , March 7th-13th , 2011 , I am asking if everyone could please put this as your status for one hour if you or someone you love has Multiple Sclerosis ( MS ) . I know my friends will . My prayer is that in 2011 a cure will be found . Will you post it ? Just for one hour . Do it in the memory and the honor of those fighting MS . 
Top Gear is my new favorite show ... man do I love cars :) 
I am the Stig ..... ;) 
Doing some < PROPMALE > apartment cleaning :) and then I will eat ice cream . Should be a good night :D haha 
All my prayers go out to those in Japan . Although I haven't heard from him for a long time , I hope that our old friend from Japan is doing alright . :-/ 
Freakonomics is a fantastic documentary . I might have to read the book ! 
Sigh ... I miss him already :-/ 
bedtime , yessss ! Goodnight ! :P 
Working toniiiiiight ... once again I don't get to have some green beer . missed it last year and the year before :( oh well . Off on a run now ... it is currently 68 degrees ! Oh MAN am I going to cook :-/ 
I shouldn't leave my Facebook on for daryll to spy on ... haha revenge is mine ! 
Ending a fantastic weekend of catching up with amazing friends with a piece of < PROPFEMALE > cheesecake .... mmmm :) and then watching yes man :D cause all of my friends sleep at night . unlike me . :( 
Wow , first time my dad called me in 6 years ... course my phone was stupid and all I got was the voicemail . but still ... kinda crazy 
tiirreeeddd :( off to work I go . It'll be a good night . I hope . 
Had an amazing run while listening to country music ! haha I didn't know that \Devil went down to Georgia\ " song would be so awesome to listen to while running ! " 
fixed both tires on my bike , replaced the inner lining on the back tire , in the dark , in the cold , just for < PROPFIRST > to use this morning . It was very , very cold . Now if that isn't love , I dunno what is ;) 
Chest pain during a run ?? that isn't cool ... 
Is planning my vacation this summer ! I am super excited :D I just hope that I get the time off from work that I requested :-/ 
:) had a really nice night at work . I hope tonight is just as nice ! :D 
I got the time off !! YES ! < PROPMALE > Mountain National Park baby ! Here I come :D 
Woooo !!! Tornado watch ! I'm excited for some crazy storms :D :D 
Starting another drawing :D 
