i broke my phone and am in the process of getting it fixed sorry for the inconvenience 

my phone problem has been solved . however since its a new phone and they couldnt put my old info on it all my contacts are gone please give me your < PROPFIRST > so i can get back in touch with all of you thanks in advance . 
may those who have fallen be remembered . may those who live never forget the pain . and may those who have sinned be punished . -the prayer of the avenger 
in the desert now its not so bad im getting on another plane tommorrow at 2200 which is 4 pm for you guys back home 
has been awake since 5pm yesterday my time which means 9am your time and he is exhausted 
is here somewhere 
... aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh . ... yes that is me right about now . but the end of many things is coming soon . thankfully i will not meet my own end anytime soon . for now i go by wingless and am learning about several different personalities to incorporate into my book and my life . I may be coming home soon but many of you will not recognize the being i have become . 
I am home people 
will be in TN until the 8th of July 
is back home going sane 
i created a quiz called who knows but i cant send out invitations for whatever reason . give it a try to see how well you know me 
is going to dragoncon 
can be found on XBox live as AndrewMastrice 
get on the carpet with the creepy < PROPFEMALE > 
holy cow its sonic the hedgehog . no wait its an alien . 
thats it everyone dies say goodbye to your precious planet / well thats not nice / of course not im ( bleep ) evil . galic gun / ooh did you say garlic / ( loud scream ) / ooh boy kamehame / fire / ha / ( energy colides ) save it kakrot i put all my energy into this attack and nothing you do can stop it / kaioken / no / times / no no no / 4 / no no no no ( repeated for a while ) 
what happenned to your armor / i had a hell of a day . i sank their battle ships . and their whales / ( Aquaman crying ) nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo 
wheres the < PROPFEMALE > ? wheres the damn < PROPFEMALE > ? You're more clever than I thought but destroying the < PROPFEMALE > won't stop me . We've learned to create artificial < PROPFEMALE > s that / question / what is it / is it made of cheese / I'm going to enjoy this more than I should 
Thank you everyone I wish I could be able to be with you guys for my birthday but know that we are always together in heart and spirit 
Goku - I just felt a power level bigger than , than Krillins loosing streak ! \ 
\ 
Krillin - ... you know , you guys are the reason I go to therapy . 
Maybe beaten , might be broken , definately batterred but never ever defeated . 
getting ready for dragon con . im going in a mask so people that may know me wont be able to identify me immediately . but first i have to put a MSgt down in racquetball tommorrow 
The darkness exists in all people . There are people who would deny this existence and ignore that which threatens their soul . There are those who become consumed by their darkness and try to use it against the world . Then there are those who constantly battle the dark so they may live in the light . Which are you ? 
so im working on my book again and am looking at making characters for almost everyone i have added on facebook . i have 1 question : out of the following elements which would you prefer ? \ 
Dark / Light / Fire / Water / Earth / Thunder / Ice / Wind / Space / Time / Divine / Non-elemental\ 
There are three books so im going to spread you guys out a little 
dreams , wishes , and light are all frail and can disappear in a moment . sorrow , pain , and darkness are always going to exist . it is not only our < PROPFEMALE > to battle these forces but also our responsibilty to do so . never let anyone take your heart from you and always beleive in the more impossible dreams that you have . 
when the world turns its back on you ill be at the front with a u-turn sign beating up those who would go past me 
which is more important strength or determination 
so i had my retake pt test yesterday i had failed the first one about three months ago and had been working towards getting the monkey off my back and looking for a squirrel to replace it but i digress . anyway i passed my pt test with an 80 so now i dont have pt 5 days a week thank god for all his help in keeping me motivated and giving me the strength to endure this trial 
OK try not to screw this up lets all sing together ... \ 
This was a triumph . I'm making a note here huge success . 
I'm about to unleash all of it . All my rage , all of my sorrow , all of my frustration and all of my confusion . This stuff is getting really hard to keep under my calm exterior . I already snapped once but was able to contain it to minimum destruction but if this keeps up God help who gets caught up in the blast . 
so its been two years since ive gone to basic and now im starting year three yay 
As a teenager , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > had sex with and impregnated every woman in a small nunnery tucked away into the hills of Tuscany , in Italy . Nine months later , those nuns gave birth to the 1972 Miami Dolphins , the only unbeaten and untied team in NFL history . 
so i teach kids on sundays about the realitys of our world and their parents find me entertaining and some have suggested that i teach or aid in their sunday school . what do u guys think of this 
phone is getting turned off today will have new phone over weekend plz send phone < PROPFIRST > thanks 
for those of you that dont know i had a boxing match yesterday . still feeling the headache but other than that ill live . anyway there was video taken so u can see me getting my butt handed to me . there are three parts that u can find under videos of me . rj vs paterno 
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh ... ( deep breath ) aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh 
so i just got a PS3 with the move from a friend for 200 dollars and im diving in . any suggestions on what games i should go for 
yes its cheap but a win is a win . 
If you cannot defeat your own darkness how can I expect you to save me from mine 
so far things have gone smoothly . to smoothly i might add . waiting for the next big mistake . 
why is it sociably acceptable to watch people fight in a club and looked down upon people who try to break it up if they are not paid to do so 
for those of you who would like to know about the going ons of my squadron you can join our group its 53rd Combat Comm look for the gator and drop my name in your request . All squadron events and important tasks that are coming up will be posted there 
so Ive started working on my writing again . however instead of wings of salvation , Ive decided to work on a fanfic crossover 
my coworkers just found out how good I am at math . im surprised that they were surprised . am i not great at whatever i apply myself to . 
Just had a girl take a body shot off of me . it was funny\ 
she goes you hairy as hell sure why not lay down 
is heading to knoxville this weekend ill be there til monday 
stress high < PROPFEMALE > low weapons everywhere kicking ass in < PROPFEMALE > pong and losing my mind and sanity i love the military 
Creation is just another part of destruction . In order to create something you need to acquire elements that make up the composition of your product . To get those elements you have to take them from something else destroying what contains them in the process . The cycle is unending and thus is the truth behind existence . This process is the center of life and death . 
I got to throw grenades and shoot at pop up targets with the army last week . hoping for more fun coming up . graduation is soon and i plan on going to da bronx for a few days . and that is wassup . 
I'll be there for you through it all . Even if saving you sends me to heaven . It's okay . For you are the ones who have given light to my darkness and meaning to my life . It is for you that I have become the shield that repels evil . I shall be by your side and in your heart no matter the distance . 
So last night the Army decided to celebrate the 4th of July like we were still in < PROPFEMALE > . There was no giant voice and no base wide email or notification . So the people that are chilling in their tent or trying to sleep all hear these explosions and whirring and think that were taking incoming . All in all there was alot of panic , confusion and chaos . So my ideal 4th of July without the good bbq my dad makes . 
I think I'm becoming to philosophical for my own good . I'm starting to turn into a wiseman instead of a wise@$$ 
I have started Wings of Salvation again . This time my project will be completed . Look forward to its completion by Dec 2011 
If revenge is a dish best served cold and if revenge is sweet . then revenge must be ice cream 
If you are what you eat , then are cannibals the only true humans 
If I am the darkness that is the night sky , then she is the < PROPFEMALE > and all the stars that brighten my world . 
Thanks to all . I'm having a nice birthday out here in the desert . 
Finally finished < PROPMALE > X < PROPFEMALE > . I totally recommend it to anyone who likes < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > in general . I also got to watch the Illusionist , KickAss , The Karate Kid ( New ) and am gonna watch Yu-Yu-Hakusho again . 
So , I need help getting some stuff ready for Dragon Con next year . I am looking for a large black angel wing , a purple and white apple and a book called LOVELESS(not the manga/anime ) . If you have any ideas please let me know . The outfit is < PROPFEMALE > Rhaspodos from Final Fantasy Crisis Core . 
I think the hardest lesson for us to learn is that you can love whoever you want but you cannot always have who you love . Love is the greatest thing in the world when you are in it with that special someone but is the most horrible thing when you are in it alone . 
