Thanks for all the new eggs everyone . I am falling behind on everything :( We are busy extracting < PROPFEMALE > and getting it bottled then I'll have a couple days before the fair to try and get caught up with everyone !! 

Thanks all for the hatchlings ! :) They are greatly appreciated !!! 
I'm getting really irritated at my friends list not showing up on several apps !! It's not that I'm ignoring people , I just can't send anything :( What's even worse is that my daughter can and we share the same computer . Hopefully they get this problem fixed soon !! 
ATTENTION FARMVILLE FRIENDS !!!! It has been found that if the farmer adopting the animal leaves it in the gift box , up to 8 people can adopt the same animal , but once it is placed on the farm the adoption program ends . This has been tested and apparently is how the program works . Post this in your status and help get the word spread ! 
My daughter just started playing Mafia Wars and needs more friends : http://www.facebook.com/home.php?ref=home#/profile.php?id=582814171&ref=profile 
Grrrrr - back to not being able to bring up friends lists to gift !! Getting very irritating :( 
Back home from a wonderful week-end of NAMI facilitator training ! Great hotel , awsome trainers from around the country , and and new friends from around the state . Now the real fun begins - getting the support group running !! 
Thank You very much for the egg < PROPFEMALE > !! :) 
I think I am now officially a popsicle and need thawing out !! 
There are only two truly infinite things , the universe and stupidity . And I am unsure about the universe . < PROPFIRST > Einstein 
Some days all I wanna be is a missing person !!!! 
Please put this on your status if you know someone who suffers from Rectal Cranial Inversion . Rectal Cranial Inversion , otherwise known as Head Up Your Ass Syndrome , affects the lives of many . There is still no known cure for Rectal Cranial Inversion , but we can raise awareness . 93% wont copy and paste this , many because ... they already suffer from RCI 
A Paradoxical Perspective : Most people worry and lose sleep over some of the silliest things they've done , then later on , more often than not , it's the things they didn't do that haunt them . ( It's never too late !! ) 
Paste this as your status & see what people rate you . ? 1 . crazy 2 . i'd marry you 3 . talkative 4 . sarcastic 5 . i miss you 6 . clumsy 7 . moody 8 . dumb 9 . mouthy 10 . spoiled 11 . random 12 . hot 13 . funny 14 . fit 15 . amazing 16 . tough 17 . cute 18 . gf/bf type 19 . player 20 . i love you 21 . gorgeous 22 . the best 
Some people come into our lives and quickly go . Some stay for a while , leave footprints on our hearts , and we are never , ever the same . 
One day your life will flash before your eyes . Make sure it's worth watching . 
Happiness is like a butterfly - the more you < PROPMALE > it , the more it will elude you . But if you turn your attention to other things , it will come and sit softly on your shoulder . 
I hate sorting through stuff - deciding what to keep and what to get rid of ( maybe I need a bigger car ) - I hate packing - I hate not knowing where I'm gonna go - and right now I hate the fact that I don't drink , although there's no good reason that I don't , so maybe I should just say screw it and go get drunk instead ! 
A #2 pencil and a dream can take you anywhere . 
Ideas don't stay in some minds very long because they don't like solitary confinement . 
The only reason people get lost in thought is because it's unfamiliar territory . 
Girls are like phones . We love to be held & talked too , but if you press the wrong button you'll be disconnected ! 
Handle every situation like a dog , if you can’t eat it or screw it , then piss on it and walk away . 
You have the right to remain silent . Anything you say will be misquoted , then used against you . 
I knew sooner or later that my daughter would run back to Alaska again . I don't call her a < PROPFEMALE > pong ball for nothing ! But this time is different - after watching baby be born and having him here for two months , it to feels like someone just ripped my heart out ! Got way to attached !! How much crying can a person do before they dehydrate ? 
Life should not be a journey to the grave with the intention of arriving safely in an attractive and well preserved body , but rather to skid in sideways , chocolate in one hand , wine in the other , body throughly used up and worn out , screaming : \WHOO HOO ! WHAT A RIDE ! \"" 
I like nonsense -- it wakes up the brain cells . 
is smiling . You get to decide whether you should talk to me or run screaming in the other direction ! 
wishes that , just occasionally , people would stop and think before opening their mouths and letting the stupid come trotting on out -_- 
Sometimes the thoughts in my head get bored and go for a stroll out through my mouth . This is rarely a good thing . I think it is called Foot-in-Mouth disease 
Thanks everyone for all the birthday wishes :) 
men only get smarter during sex because they're plugged into a genius :) 
if you are not screwed up in the head in some type of way , the chances of us being really close friends are slim . 
I miss the days I felt I could do no wrong , lately it feels I can do no right , and the harder I try the worse it gets 
saaysss ; iss not crazy , the unicorns inside my head tole me so !! PEANUT BUUTER JELLY TIME !! PEANUT BUUTER JELLY TI- oh look a cloud ;D iss not crazy !! 
I wish I could go back to when boys had cooties , life was so much easier then . . . 
lives on the corner of funny street and silly road , In Crazy Town which is in psycho valley , in a twisted state of mind ! 
Every Girl Is Entitled To A Knight In Shining Armor , Mine Just Took A Wrong Turn , Got Lost , And Is To Stubborn To Ask For Directions 
The old phrase \You don't really know what you\ " ve got til it's gone\ " is so true ... I MISS MY SANITY . " 
Had a good week . Kicked the voices out of my head , didn't kill anyone , but don't expect this to be a re-occurring event . 
is out of her mind right now . Please leave your name , number and a brief message after the beep and she will get back to you as soon as possible * BEEP * 
Just joined Hokey Pokey Anonymous . Its a place I can turn myself around . 
is trying to go to bed at a decent hour like a normal person instead of staying up all night like her normal bi-polar self so is off to bed with a good book - a good man isn't available ;) 
is in her own little world ... but I am not coming back because is it pretty here ! There are purple paisley polka dotted penguins - and they're sparkly , too !!! 
thinks If there's no rest for the wicked , it's no wonder why I have insomnia all the time ...... 
I have water on the brain . Every winter it freezes up and things slip my mind . *-* 
' s train of thought has just crashed ... what to do , what to do ... 
' Life is not the way it's supposed to be . It's the way it is . The way you cope with it is what makes the difference ' 
is thinking about offering a reward for any information that may assist in finding out where the hell my sanity went ! 
When one door closes another door opens ; but we so often look so long and so regretfully upon the closed door , that we do not see the ones which open for us . 
is gonna try this thing that normal people do ... it's called sleeping at night . I've been practicing and I think I may finally be getting the < PROPFEMALE > of it . ;-p 
Happiness is found by living in the moment , regret is found by living in the past and trouble is found by living in the future 
The purple monkeys are chasing the pink gnomes while the green striped unicorn and the blue hippo are making pancakes . Dammit , I'm getting mad now - I told ' em I hate pancakes and I want french toast !! 
is going crazy , and is inviting her friends to go with her ;-) And yes < PROPFEMALE > , my tea is coming with me ;-P 
invites everyone to step into her head and visit with the voices ! They have interesting perspective on reality and are very entertaining ! 
My alarm clock and I had a fight . It wanted me to get up , I refused . Things escalated . Now I'm awake and my alarm clock is broken . Not sure who won the fight . 
is getting rid of all the things in my life that aren't useful , beautiful . or bring me joy . Boy am I downsizing !! 
isn't in a good mood ... but it's nothing an AK 47 and a roof top couldn't cure :) 
Maybe that's my problem - I can't eat chocolate . I haven't had any for almost 2 years ... hmmmm . But I suppose I could be cheered up with whipped cream , caramel , and cherries served on something warm , about 6 ' ..... That just might do the trick . Then I just might be tempted to climb down off the roof top and put the gun away . Now I just need a willing victim :D ( thanks for the thought < PROPFEMALE >!!) 
Woohoo ! Life is good ! :) At least for the time being ... check back tomorrow to see if I've killed anyone ! :D 
With time , women gain weight because we accumulate so much information and wisdom in our heads that when there is no more room , it distributes out to the rest of our bodies . So we aren't heavy , we are enormously cultured , educated and happy . Beginning today , when I look at my butt in the mirror I will think , Good grief ......, look how smart I am ! Must be where ' Smart Ass ' came from ! 
No matter how many years pass , I remain easily seduced by my curiosity . Damn good thing I'm not a cat ! :D 
Why is it every time I smile someone always asks me what I'm plotting or what I'm up to ??? Isn't it possible that I'm just in a good mood ? 
Don't waste time thinking about all the things you've done wrong in the past , think of all the things you still have time to f@#* up in the future . ;) 
Toss up today : horns or halo ? Why not both ? I can be an angel with a devlish twist ! 
is never naughty ... Just mischievously creative ! ;) 
is busy crawling around on the floor calling , \Here brain ! Here brainy-brainy-brainy ! \"" 
Every morning - same damn thing . I just want to cuddle and wake up slowly , but nooo . First signs of movement and cuddle time is over - the cold wet nose starts nudging , then the wet slobbery tongue starts going , then the hopping & spinning on the bed ! I think I need to trade in my bed partner 4 one with a dry nose , that isn't covered with fur , & most importantly , can take himself to the bathroom :D 
Ok , yesterday I was half joking about looking for my brain . Today I think it's offically missing . I got out of the shower and my pants are missing !! Can't find them anywhere ~ they were there when I got in ! This is driving me crazy !! If someone wanted to get me out of my pants there's definitely a better ( and much more fun ) way then to sneak in the house and take them !! 
I don't want a happily ever after ending , I want a happily ever right now !! <3 
just made a landmark discovery ... Did anybody else know I was a \Smartass\ " ?? WOW ! That really surprised me to know that I AM a SMARTASS ... " 
I'm probably in denial , but I'm feeling good and I'm sticking with it *-* 
OOPPSSSS i dropped my halo !!!! ;) 
when I'm right I'm right , but when I'm wrong I could of been right , so that makes me right when I could be wrong . Right ? 
No matter what you do or what you say , You'll will never please everybody ! So just be happy with yourself and tell everyone to kiss your ass and call it a love story ;-p 
I'm pretty sweet UNTIL My Bipolar mood swings in ... Then I'M F***ING AWESOME ! -_- 
If you can't see where your future is headed ... DRIVE FASTER !!! If you don't like where it's going ... RUN IT OVER , then throw it in the trunk !!! 
is on the edge - don't mess with me ! I'm on the .. * crash * Well , I was on the edge but now I'm on the floor so you're free to mess with me now =] 
It takes balls , passion , and intelligence to love a redhead ! ;) 
I've read the rules . I've tried the rules . The rules are stupid , & I'm making my own from now on . 
I'm trying to put on my halo but I can't get the stupid thing over my horns !! ugh ! 
the difference between tattooed people and non-tattooed people is that tattooed people are cooler and can kick your ass . Oh Yes Even Me . My Tattoos Give Me Power !! 
ALERT : A dwarf , who is a mystic , just escaped from jail . Be on the lookout for a small medium at large . 
First job of the day completed - halo polished . Now if I could just find the super glue to hold it in place !! 
is wondering if the person who invented the term \good morning\ " was on too many drugs " 
It's pretty difficult to keep your mind and your mouth open at the same time . 
is running away with the fairies . If u want 2 find me ask the leprechauns , but be warned , I think they're smoking the funny stuff ! 
is awake ! No bright eyes , no bushy tail . But I'm out of bed & my eyes are open ... Now what ? 
It seems my knight in shining armour is mysteriously missing from my f-d up fairytale !! 
Please don't call me insane . I prefer the term \hilariously unique\ " . It makes me sound smarter ! " 
has multiply personalities ... 1 that has a plan ... 1 that will screw up the plan ... and 1 that will wonder what the hell happened to the plan . 
It takes 7 seconds for food to pass from mouth to stomach . A human hair can hold 3 kg . The length of the penis is three times the length of the thumb . Femur is hard as concrete . The woman's heart beats faster than the mans . Women blink twice as much as men . We use 300 muscles just to hold our balance when we stand . The woman has read this entire text . The man is still looking at his thumb !! 
OK I ADMIT , I'M A HANDFUL !!! Unfortunately most women won't repost this . I'm strong willed , independent , and outspoken , I make mistakes , I am out of control and at times hard to handle - but if you can't handle me at my worst then you sure don't deserve me at my best . If you're a HANDFUL then post this on your status . ... I DARE YOU !!!!!!!! 
Tickets please ! The last boat to shit creek leaves in 5 minutes . All paddles will be removed upon arrival and we hope you enjoy your stay . 
My guardian angel is thinking about switching careers . 
I'm trying to see things from your point of view , but there's only room in your ass for one head , and yours is already there . 
hates it when ppl post bogus warnings , but this is serious . If someone comes to your front door saying they are checking for ticks due to the warm weather and asks you to take off all your clothes and dance around with your arms up . DO NOT DO IT !!! THIS IS A SCAM !!! They just wanna see you naked . I wish someone posted this for me yesterday . :-/ . I feel stupid ... Plz repost as a warning to others . Thank you . 
My favorite number in the alphabet is PURPLE !!! 
Opportunity tends to knock once , then it's gone ... temptation , however , likes to stand there and < PROPFEMALE > on the damn doorbell !! 
Says the proper response to \Good morning\ " is \ " Prove it ! \"" 
enjoys a car ride , with my head out the window yelling , \I'M A PRETTY HAMSTER !! \ " at the people walking down the street :D " 
I thought I thought a thought . But the thought I thought I thought , wasn't the thought I thought I thought . awww hell , I think I broke my brain with all the thoughts ! :-/ 
Its good to believe in miracles , because reality isn't getting me anywhere . 
The neurotic builds castles in the clouds , the psychotic lives in these castles , and the psychiatrist collects the rent . 
Has a firm grip on reality *~* and is slowly CHOKING THE CRAP OUT OF IT ! 
is starting a cult ... The Church of Common Sense ... but apparently not many are eligible to join 
is wondering if life is easier when you are totally insane ? Because I am about half way there and I want to know if I need to speed up or slow down !!! 
I don't have issues ... they are called \features \"" 
The heart is the center of the body but it beats on the left . Maybe that's the reason why the heart is not always right . 
No more jokes about \go ahead and hit me - buy me a new car !! \ " to stupid drivers . Way too much pain involved and I liked my car :( " 
Since people keep asking about the accident : it was a simple matter of my little car got into a fight with a big truck towing a large boat . It was an unfair fight since he snuck up behind me when I was stopped . No blood , just bad headaches & no reflex in right leg & it's getting worse - they think it's neurological damage . I tried to give it an inspirational talk to no avail . 
had a mind once ... but kept giving people pieces of it and now it is ALL gone ... 
Someone call an adult . I have been left unattended and I'm bored . That normally leads to trouble and/or bad things happening 
They say 80% of people suffer with depression . Its the other 20% that cause it 
This status is being posted in advance ... F#@% I hate mornings !! 
Thought for the day ... If a flaming watermelon falls into a river and it turns purple , how many gerbils does it take to unscrew a giraffe while the purple paisley penguins make grape pancakes ? 
I've been kidnapped by monkeys wearing pink camo , taken to a foreign country , and am being forced to eat rootbeer banana's while doing the hula - so the answer to the preceeding question will be answered upon my return ~ ~ ;) 
I've decided today is the day I stop procrastinating . If not today then \ 
tomorrow , next week at the very latest . 
I'm not sure if it was the bears , the rattle snakes , or the fact that she had chores to do , but it would appear that my child has run away - if anyone sees her , please send her back to the homestead - she's been missing all day ! lol - gotta love glitches 
Off to see < PROPFEMALE > Lambert & Nitty Gritty Dirt Band :) 
Back from Moondance Jammin ' County - what a blast !!! Last night was < PROPFIRST > Kershaw , < PROPFEMALE > Pickler , and Zac Brown Band . They put on one hell of a show ! Think today will be pr-cup day :D 
I don't care what anyone says ~ Jag does NOT mix well with Dr. Pepper !! 
I'm wondering why , when I was a kid , I wanted to be a grown up so damn bad ! 
The shortest distance between two things ? A thought in my head and the time it takes to come out my mouth ! :) 
is staring at the pink llama \ 
sitting the corner plotting against me with the purple fairies and \ 
yellow goblin's . but i got my troll and pixie army . 
is dangerous while alone with her own mind 
I know that some things are better left unsaid ... but you can bet your ass I'm probably going to say them anyway ! 
I really wanna go to bed - I'm so bored . Sometimes being bipolar is FUN , but in the middle of the night it's really boring :( Where are those damn sleep fairies when you need them ? Maybe I just need to find some middle of the night playmates :) Carren is stingy 
You know you love me ... even though i am crazy , loud , and insane ... but hey I'm fun to be around . :) 
Quick , call an adult ! I'm unsupervised ! Oh , wait ! I am an adult . \ 
OK Never mind , crisis averted . Whew , that was a close one ! 
is all whacked out on scooby snacks , running around with Eeyore robbing banks to get enough money to buy snacks for the camping trip ! Since we're going to Lake Placid figured we better take a couple cows and some bread crumbs . Cows are expensive these days :( 
suicide isn't chosen . it happens when the pain exceeds the resources for coping with the pain .. 
It is too hard to keep getting out of the dark . Maybe this is where I am supposed to be . Maybe there is no place for me in the light – could it be that this is my destiny ? \ 
That voice keeps screaming at me not to give up the fight but could it be trickery ? Could it just be trying to wear me down even more ? 
They say the grass is greener on the other side ... that's such b.s. cause when I flipped it over all i saw was dirt . 
My horns slid , the super glue isn’t holding my halo in place , and now I’ve misplaced my wonder woman bracelets . Can this day get any worse ? Meds please ! Happy place . Find a happy place . I want my mommy !!!!!! :) 
Today my inner child threw a tantrum because the voices in my head refused to share the sandbox of my mental playground . 
Stop pleading the Fifth just drink the Fifth and tell the damn truth already ! 
Where has my mind gone ? Oh ... Wait ... There it is . Its in the gutter again . I fear it's doomed to forever remain there ;) 
I should have come equipped with a navigational device . Not only do I lose my mind , but my body as well !! I really think I need think I need a keeper , or at least a tracker some days ;-) 
Sanity is back-ordered . Sarcasm is in unlimited supply :-p ~ 
You know that little nagging voice that you hear when you're about do something you know you probably shouldn't , just say , shhh it'll be our little secret ! :D 
I will not take responsibility for leading anyone astray ... It's not my fault that I have followers ! 
I need my daughter ! Nothing but weenies - no one to go on rides with :-( come spin round and round and hold ur boobs with me daughter !! :-p 
Hasn't your mama ever told you not to mess with CRAZY PEOPLE !!! 
Well , I made it through the fairs . I thought we were going to get luck and not get stormed out of one , but it got us anyway . All 3 fairs shut down early due to severe thunder & lightening storms :( For me this last one was the worst - came home to find parts of house flooded - like my computer desk . We'll have to see how well , if at all it recovers . I may swear off working fairs . 
Some people need to remember that just because they have a guilty conscience does not mean the rest of us are guilty , too . Some of us may joke around , but we do have morals !! Every time you point a finger at someone , remember , there are 3 more pointing right back at you !! And other people need to just stay of others peoples business - I'm sure you have enough to tend to at home !! 
yes , i talk to myself .. i even argue with myself . the hard part is trying to figure out who won the argument afterwards 
Tears run down my face as you wrap your arms around me , while blood runs down my back from the knife you put there . 
I am never surprised when people let me down anymore ... I just hate the fact I have to put myself in the position to be let down in the first place ... 
There are a couple people I'd love 2 smack some sense into you ; however , it seems they don't take their heads out of their asses long enough ... sad ... really . 
if one of my multiple personalities decides to kill itself , and the other decides not to , then is it a hostage situation ??? 
The purple monkey in my closet just stole my Oreo's and the little elf that lives in my shoe box stole my milk . I think i need to get some new roommates 
is hiding under a bucket waiting to be catapulted to the < PROPFEMALE > so I can get some more cheese for my crackers ! 
is about to fight an army of blue giraffes and pink zebras , don't worry my gummy bears in mad hatter hats will win . OMG WHY DON'T I GET A HAT ? I CAN'T FIGHT WITHOUT A HAT ! I'M DOOMED ......... 
' s head is currently away from her body at this moment , please leave a message after the quack - moooooooooooo 
is being prepped for surgery . I'm having the magnet removed from my forehead ... ya know , the one that attracts the crazy , needy , obsessive & emotionally crippled 
The monsters in my closet only come out when I'm sleeping because they are afraid of me . Sometimes I jiggle the doorknob just for fun . :D 
is on the brink of assuming the fetal position , rocking back and forth , twirling a strand of hair , and breaking out in song : This is the song that never ends , it just goes on and on my friend ....... 
it sucks that it takes something bad to happen for you to realize when someone was only pretending to be your friend . 
a , b , c , d , e , f , g , gummy bears are chasing me . One is red , one is blue , one is peeing on my shoe . Now I'm running for my life , cause the red one has a knife !!! 
Has anyone seen my sanity ? It was last seen about 28 years ago and has not been seen since . If found please report it to the blue bunnies dancing with a spoon . Marbles missing also . 
Sometimes I question my sanity , occasionally it replies ! 
AHHHH-CHOO !!!....? (-???•?) ? .... If you're allergic to bullshit , drama queens , head games , liars , two faced fake people , keep this sneeze going ......... I can't wait to see who reposts !!! 
OK , fess up . Who took my HALO and left me these HORNS ?!? 
I'm going to change my mind ... I keep losing the old one ! 
I'm making Prozac , Morphine , Chocolate chip cookie dough , vodka , rum , whiskey , beer , klonopin , buspar , and moonshine martinis . Anyone else want one ? 
wants to thank her children ~ their actions and how they treat people prove that as a parent I've done something right ! 
You & I wake up in jail together . Using only FOUR words , what would you say to me ? (NOTE : If you comment , you gotta copy & paste this in your ownstatus -- Fair is Fair --- Play Along ) . 
My idea of an outing that would be a complete blast would be running for the exit at the zoo screaming \Run ! They're LOOSE !!!! \"" 
is disappointed that life is a b ! tch .. I mean , cant life be a sl*t ?? At least THEN it'd be easy !! 
Those evil purple paisley penguins , with the help of the pink polka-dotted pandas have stolen my halo . I am battling them for it's return with the help of my massive army of dust bunnies - total chaos & mayhem ! 
thinks that mornings would be better if they happened in the afternoon !!!!!! 
Frontierville is FINALLY letting me do something - even if it is slower than molasses in January ! It's been 5 days of maybe working five minutes a day :( Fingers crossed that it lasts . 
This\ 
is for all the men who say \ Why marry the cow when you can get the \ 
I haven't lost my mind ... I know exactly were it is . I just don't want to pick it up !! 
NEWS FLASH : ' A truck load of Viagra was stolen today . Police say they are looking for hardened criminals . ' 
You may say I'm crazy , but I'm really a fruit loop in a world full of cheerios . 
saves lives each day - because there are people out there that need to be shot , and I don't shoot ' em . 
Everybody has a right to be stupid once in a while , but some people seem to abuse the privilege !! 
I'm tired of trying , sick of crying , I know I've been smiling , but inside I'm dying . I want to laugh but who will hear me ? I want to scream but no one is there . I want to leave but who will miss me ? I want to die but who will care ? Tears fall as the the blood flows - just one more cut and maybe the pain will fade - for just a minute or two . Every day it gets harder and harder to fake that smile . 
is up and out of bed ... my brain will join me later ... that is if I had one . I lost it when I had kids ! 
can relax this weekend . I got my weekly exercise by pushing my luck , throwing out my options , running in circles , and jumping to conclusions . 
Please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone , or have been affected by someone , who needs a foot up the ass . People who need a foot up the ass affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for someone who deserves a foot up the ass , except for a foot up the ass , ... but ... we CAN raise awareness about this ... problem .... :) 
If a janitor smokes weed , does that make him/her HIGH MAINTENANCE ? 
Has anyone been having problems with farmville ? I was in the middle of accepting gifts from my gift box and when I clicked again it said it was empty . I refreshed and came back and everything is gone except farmhands and arborist's ( guess I should be glad they're still there ) - and I haven't been able to make anything in my spa because there have been no bushels for days now . grrr 
If life gives you lemons , make lemonade . Then use the profits to buy an assault rifle . See if life makes the same mistake twice . 
Wonders if her sanity is under the fridge with the dust bunnies or under the stove with her marbles ! 
Don't worry about those who place themselves higher than others . That just means they have further to fall . And yes , they will fall .. 
Women , we are Angels who fly with wings . But when our wings are broken , we fly with broomsticks ! Yup we're just that flexible ! :) 
Math Magic : Take the last 2 digits of your phone number x 2 + 5 x 50 + your age + 365 - 615 . Look at the answer . The last 2 < PROPFIRST > are your age and the first 2 are the last 2 digits of you telephone number :) 
I'm bored ... should I Bedazzle my straight jacket or put stickers on my helmet ? 
DEPRESSION\ 
is not a sign of weakness , it is a sign that you have been trying to \ 
bestrong for too long . Put this as your status if you know someone who \ 
has or has had depression . Will you do it and leave it on your status \ 
for at least an hour ? Most people won't , but it's mental health week \ 
... and 1 in 3 of us will suffer ... at some point in our lives . Show your \ 
support good people : I copied and pasted , will you ? 
* KABOOM ! * Ya hear that ? It was my sanity going up in flames . 
Life has given me plenty of lemons , but I wanna know when I'm going to get the < PROPFEMALE > so I can make good use of ' em ? 
liquor & sprite 
PLEASE READ !!!!!! If someone comes to your front door and asks you to remove your clothes and dance with your arms in the air , DO NOT do this , it is a scam . T\ 
hey just want to see you naked . Please copy and paste this to your status , I wish I had received this yesterday . I feel so stupid now ! 
If I had a WARNING label It would read : May Cause dizziness , shortness \ 
of breath , vomiting , and internal bleeding ... to avoid these \ 
symptoms ... Don't Piss Me Off ... 
has an awesome idea , but first , she needs a pitcher , < PROPFEMALE > , lime , salt , duct tape , a target , and volunteers . MBOS ( Must bring own shovel) ! 
the human tongue is only a few inches from the brain , but when you listen to some people talk , they seem < PROPMALE > apart . 
When killing them with kindness doesn't work , try a baseball bat ... results may vary . 
It's a new day - a < PROPMALE > to make new friends or piss off a whole new group of people . It could go either way . 
My logic may not always be logical to you but clearly my logic is \ 
logical because , logically my logic is logical . Any questions ? 
I'm fluent in 3 different languages : English , Sarcasm , and Profanity ;-) 
humpty dumpty .. was pushed I tell ya ... PUSHED !!! 
Nope , I don't have to be so sarcastic ! But the world just gives me so much to work with why waste it ! :) 
Dear Morning , bite me . 
Miracles happen every day . I haven't choked the stupid out of someone today . See ? Miracle . 
is having one of those days where i just want to light somebody's face on fire and try putting it out with a fork !! 
Can you be annoying a little later I'm still cleaning the gun ... 
How come every time we lose something someone asks \Where did you have it last ? \ " If I knew that I would not be looking for it !! " 
Wishes every time I took a shower it would be like an herbal essence commercial !! 
When I was younger I dreamed of Palm trees and sand so how the hell did I end up with Pine trees and snow ?!? 
I never get jealous when I see my ex with someone else because my parents always taught me to give my used toys to the less fortunate . 
' s advice : love the people who treat you right ... prey on the ones that don't ... wait , no it's PRAY for the ones that don't ... yeah , that's it ;-) 
just when you think you can't handle anymore , Life will throw you another disaster and you have to deal with it anyway ! 
Every Christmas you always hear people saying what they want and bought . Well this is what I want : people who are sick with no cure to be able to be cured , children with no families to be adopted & loved , people to never have to worry about food , shelter & heat , animals to have safe & loving homes . Now , lets see how many people re-post this who actually care . I have a feeling I am gonna see almost no re-posts 
Anyone have directions to the state of Denial ? I want to move there . 
thinks her guardian angel is on dope 
They say things will be better tomorrow ! Well , I have checked the calendar 3 flipping times and have yet to find a day marked Tomorrow ! 
I read somewhere that stress makes you smarter ... If that's true I should be splitting an atom in my kitchen sink sometime later today ! 
Today's crappy attitude is proudly sponsored by the alarm clock . 
When people piss me off tomorrow , I hope I can remember that it takes 42 muscles to frown , and only 4 to extend my middle finger and tell them to bite me because that's about all the energy I have left to give . 
Well , biopsy was today & PET scan is in the morning - those damn radiology techs still won't tell us how many pets bring . They just look at us with a blank start and no comprehension at all . I thought we were supposed to try and stay upbeat and they have no sense of humor at all . I'd just be happy if the nightmares would quit and i could sleep more than 2 - 3 hours a night . I'm tired dammit !! 
had one of those days where I feel like I was hit by a truck , but the truck wasn't satisfied so it went in reverse and hit me again ! For some reason , I have a feeling that truck isn't finished with me just yet . 
People who investigate strange noises in horror movies deserve to die . 
Just when I think I'm all cried out , I find out I still have more . This has got to be the hardest thing I've ever had to do . I really wish I could sleep - I'm so damn tired , but the nightmares won't leave me alone , and when I do manage some , I hear moans next to me bringing me to full alert . Where's my damn mania when I need it ? 
It takes 7 seconds for food to pass from mouth to stomach . A human hair can hold 3kg . The length of a penis is 3 times the length of the thumb . The femur is as hard as concrete . A woman's heart beats faster than a man's . Women blink 2x as much as men . We use 300 muscles just to keep our balance when we stand . The woman has read this entire text . The man is still looking at his thumb . Repost if this made you smile : ) 
One day , someone showed me a glass of water that was half full and asked , \Is it half empty or half full ? \ " So I drank the water . No more problem . Could someone please repeat the question with something stronger than water ? " 
Got the call from the oncologists office today - all the test results are back , so they want him in the Dr. ' s office in the morning . I think I've cried so much this past week I need flood insurance - good thing he sleeps so much so he can't see . I'm scared , mad , and irrational . I'm trying to be strong right now , but it's not easy . I hate this feeling and just want things to be the way they used to be !! 
When you < PROPFEMALE > the Bible , Satan gets a headache . When you open it , he collapses . When he sees you reading it , he faints . When he sees you living it , he flees . And just when you're about to re-post this , he'll try to discourage you . I JUST DEFEATED HIM ! 
Asking if everyone could please put this as your status for one hour if you or someone you know has or had cancer . My prayer is that in 2011 a cure will be found . Will you post it for just one hour ? Do it for all of us . 
Hi ho - Hi ho - it's off to Florida we go ! And if < PROPFIRST > gets eaten by a hungry alligator along the way , i'm innocent I tell ya , innocent !!! 
Hi to all of < PROPFEMALE>'s fb friends , I'm her mom and I will be on here to do some of her games for her while she is gone . I'm not going to send gifts because she said to so I can keep up with her's and mine . Everyone have a great day . I will let you all know what is going on with their trip as I learn . Yesterday they were in Tenn . and getting ready to leave on their way to FL . 
Blue skies , sunshine , & palm trees . 
< PROPFIRST > died tonight 
HI feel so damn empty and lost . Kept waking up all night crying - I'd roll over and his side of the bed was empty . The dog slept curled right in the middl 
really missing my best friend and love - there is a huge hole in my heart :,( 
Picked up < PROPFIRST>'s ashes today . So hard seeing my life reduced to ashes & placed in a little wooden box . Do hearts actually break ? 
Just got home . I really had myself convinced I could handle being here - I was wrong . I can't even get into my bed - I just want to get everything done and get out of here !! 
A cancer patient only has one wish , to kick cancer's ass . I know that 97% of you won't post this as your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do . In honor of someone who died , or is fighting cancer or is a survivor , post this for at least one hour 
I'm so very grateful for all the help I've been getting dealing with the house and all < PROPFIRST>'s stuff that I know nothing about . I'm sure he's smiling down , happily watching , just totally amazed at our terrific friends . Angry or bitter ? Me ? Never ! Always nice to find out who your friends are . I'm done stressing and dealing with the lies so don't contact me anymore ! 
I AM ASKING IF EVERYONE COULD PLEASE PUT THIS AS YOUR STATUS FOR ONE HOUR IF YOU OR SOMEONE YOU LOVE HAS OR HAD CANCER . I KNOW MY FAMILY WILL . MY PRAYERS IS THAT IN 2011 , A CURE WILL BE FOUND . WILL YOU POST IT ? JUST FOR ONE HOUR . DO IT FOR ALL OF US IN MEMORY OF TOO MANY TO MENTION AND IN ... HONOR OF ALL FIGHTING IT ! I HOPE TO SEE THIS ON EVERYONE'S STATUS TODAY 
??????????????? ????? ??????????????? \ 
? If you miss someone that's in heaven , put this as your status !? \ 
??????????????? ????? ????????????? 
I wish heaven had a phone so that I could hear your voice again ... I thought of you today , but that is nothing new . I thought about you yesterday & days before that too . I think of you in silence , I often speak your name . All I have are memories & a picture in a frame . Re-post this ... if you have someone in heaven that you miss ? miss you everyday !!! 
I cried and watched you pass away , although I loved you dearly , I couldn't\ 
make you stay . A < PROPFEMALE > heart stopped beating , hard working hands at rest . God broke my heart to prove to me that he only takes the best . Put this on your status if there is someone in Heaven that you miss everyday ....... 
Only 4 days till I'm leaving and still sooooo much to do :( 
My house is looking pretty empty . Tomorrow we'll get the rest of the stuff out of here and then hit the road Friday morning . Got the GPS loaded with geocache spots for the trip & my brother plans on a stop at every bar we see . How long will the 1500 < PROPMALE > take ? 
