waiting for the hubby to get home 

getting ready to go get food and then do homework 
waiting for the hubby to get home to spend time with 
just got done with school work my poor husband had to get an hour massage lucky him lol 
getting around to go to grand rapids with the girls for my birthday ! 
studing for my test on monday night 
doing homework 
getting ready to make dinner hubby finaly on way home 
doning my homework for my classes 
getting around to go to sparrow i'm going to be doing massage their for school . 
2 months left and can't wait 
homework done yea off to bed I think i'm ready for my test or aleast i hope i am 
off to eat then to school burrrrrr its cold out 
go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status and the entry for your name under coments ..... fun :) 
just got home from school doing some more home work and getting ready for class tomorrow 
doing homework and watching the super bowl 
getting ready to get something to eat then more homewok 
had a wonderful day with my hubby and now time to do my homework 
just got back from taking grandma to dinner now time to finish school work and get ready for the work week and school 
Happy Easter Everyone have a great day ! 
If you have a best friend that will drop everything for you , be there for you thru thick and thin , love you unconditionally even with all your faults and be the first one there to pick you up when you fall and give you a much needed kick in the butt if necessary , then copy and post this to your status . He or she will know who they are ! ? 
If you have a boyfriend or husband that makes you laugh , whom you can say is your best friend , who you want to grow old with , who you know will always be there to pick you up when you are feeling down , is your world , and a man that you are thankful for everyday ; copy and paste this to your profile 
hanging out with my husband < PROPFIRST > and the lastest addition to our family the new puppy 
finaly back from the vet the puppies got a clean < PROPMALE > of health 
I traded eyeliner for dark circles , salon hair cuts for ponytails and braids , late nights for early mornings , designer purses for diaper bags and I wouldn't change a thing ! With Mother's day drawing near lets see how many Mommys Repost this . I'M A MOMMY AND I LOVE IT . Mom's don't care what we gave up and will continue to give up for our kids 
back to homework now lol 
we are great aunt and uncle again our neice had a little girl wensday 
Just have one more final yea . Then start all over in the fall . : ) 
finished up my finals ready for the summer then back to the books - hands this fall 
Happy mother's day to all the mom's and mom's to be 
wants to be back in Jamaica where it's warm 
Putting all the pictures in some order from our trip to Jamaica 
have to fix the kids ugh 
hanging out with friends 
Made it on the < PROPFIRST>'s list for school for spring term yea 
the secret of a happy marriage remains a secret . .... henny youngman 
ATTENTION There's a site called\ 
spokeo.com and it's an online phone book that has pictures that you\ 
have posted on facebook , home phone , number , credit score , \ 
profession , home value , income# of children , profession , age , \ 
Remove yourself by the Privacy button on the bottom right on \ 
... their website . SHARE THIS !!! CUT , PASTE & REPOST * I DID THIS & FOUND MYSELF THERE W/ ALL MY INFO , HAD THEM REMOVE ME 
got the bushes planted lawn mowed yea just one more plant to find a place for 
happy father's day to all the dad's have a great day and enjoy 
went out and watched them film < PROPMALE > jackmans new film it was pretty cool 
????? If you support our Troops then PLEASE repost this on YOUR status & leave it there for 1 hour . Please do this for those who Serve , are Injured , & ESPECIALLY for the Brave Ones that didn't make it home , this the home of the free because ... of the Brave . ????? 
Happy fourth and thank you to all the men and women that fight for our freedom 
well then go lol 
Are all selfish , self-centered people rude or is it because they are not getting their own way ? 
Hey guess what !? I know that I am not perfect . And I hope that one day you will learn that neither are you ! 
Renaissance festival here we come 
It was a awesome day for the Renaissance festival : ) 
Can't believe my son is 18 today : ) 
says when life gives you lemons ask for salt and < PROPFEMALE > and call me over ! 
There is no guy worth crying over . The only one that is will be the one that wont make you cry . 
Wishes all the bow hunters happy hunting opening day and good luck ! 
Is having a really good laugh took family to Detroit metro airport on the way back stopped at a rest stop and some Guy called < PROPFIRST > kid rock lol 
An Aunt can hug like a mom , keep secrets like a sister and love like a friend . If you're an Aunt who loves her nieces and nephews , repost this as your status ? ~ 
I've got a pretty good friend\ 
Who's seen me at my worst\ 
she cant tell if I'm a blessing or a curse\ 
But she always shows up when the chips are down 
Is there anyone researching a cure for stupid ? 
I'MA BITCH !! Unfortunately most women won't repost this . I'm a handful , I'm strong willed , independent , a bit outspoken and I tell it like it is . I make mistakes , I am sometimes out of control & at times hard to handle . But if you can't handle me at my worst then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best . If you're ... a BITCH , repost ! I dare you ! I'll be looking for the ladies who repost 
3years old : my mom is the best ! 7 years old : Mom I love you . 10 years old : Mom whatever ... 17 years old : OMG my mom is so annoying . 18 years old : I wanna leave this house . 35 years old : I wanna go back to my mom'shouse . 50 years old : I don't wanna lose my mom . 70 years old : I would give up ... everything for ... my mom to be here with me . Post this on your wall if you appreciate your mom I LOVE my mom sooo much 
advice is to Love your Family with all your Heart , cause they wont be around Forever ! 
ATTENTION !!!!!! Do NOT join the group currently on Facebook with the \ 
title \Becoming a father or mother was the greatest gift of my life\ " . It\ 
farmville freinds I only need one more click to raise my barn please help thank you to all who have clicked on it already 
Thank you for all the birthday wishes !!!!!!! 
Now that class is over time to go eat yeah !!!!!! 
I swear I work with a bunch of 2 year olds temper tantrums are us lol 
Special needs kids aren’t sick or gross or weird . They only want what we all want . To be accepted . Can I make a request ? Is anyone willing to post this and leave it on their status for at least an hour ? It is Special Education Week and this is in honor of those who have children or ... family ... or friends with special needs , and those who work with children with special needs 
Happy Thanksgiving to all !!! May you all have wonderful and blessed day !!!!! : ) 
Speak up for the little ones who cant be heard . Change your facebook picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To not see a human face on facebook until Monday the 6th of Dec . Join the fight against CHILD ABUSE , and invite your friends to do the same ! 
A person has 1000 wishes . A Soldier only has 1 , to come home safe . I know 97% of you won't post this as your status , but the 3% who do are my friends . In honor of someone that died , is a wounded warrior , or is fighting for your freedom please post !! Come home safe 
Greatest man in history , Jesus , had no servants , yet they called Him Master . Had no degree , yet they called Him Teacher . Had no medicines , yet they called Him Healer . Had no army , yet kings feared Him . He won no military battles , yet He conquered the world . He committed no crime , yet they crucified Him . He was buried in a tomb , yet He ... lives today . Repost if Jesus is your reason for the season ! < PROPFEMALE > CHRISTmas 
Dear Santa , \ 
I don't want much for Christmas . I just want the person reading this to be happy and healthy . Friends are the fruitcake of life . Some are nutty . Some are soaked in alcohol . Some are sweet . But mix them all together and they are my friends . ~ Merry Christmas ! ~ ... Repost this for all YOUR fruitcakes 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all our family and friends !!!!!! Have a blessed and safe holiday season !!!! Enjoy the times you have with the ones you love : ) 
TO NON-PET OWNERS who visit our homes and complain about our pets . 1 ) They live here , you don't . 2 ) If you don't want their hair on your clothes , stay off the furniture . That's why they call it ' Fur'-niture . 3 ) Chances are , I love my pets more then I like you . 4 ) To you , they are animals . To me , they are my babies and ...... family who are hairy , walk on all fours & don't talk back ! . Re-post if you love your pets . 
? #### Happy New Year 2011 #### ? |” \”; .. 
Happy New Year to everyone !! Hope the new year brings only good things for you and your !! Have a safe and blessed new years ! 
What a way to finish out the year have to repair or replace the transmission in the truck lol 
Heavenly Father , as we embark upon this a new year , walk through my home and take away all my worries and any illnesses ; and please watch and protect my family and friends . In Jesus name , Amen . This prayer is so powerful , stop what you're doing & set this to your status . Watch what He'll do . AMEN 
HUSBAND WEEK : If you have a husband who is your best friend , who works hard for you , who has been with you through thick and thin , who loves you unconditionally even when you're at your worst , and whom you are PROUD to be married to , copy and paste this with the date you were married : 7-2-1989 
I'm not supersuperstitious , but this year July has 5 Fridays , 5 Saturdays and 5 Sundays . This happens once every 823 years . This is called money bags . So Copy this to your status and money will arrive within 4 days . Based on Chinese Feng Shui . The one who does not copy ,... will be without money . I can't let that person be ME ! What the ... heck- it cant hurt 
Why is it when something has a flat tire all the guys have to kick it ? Is it to make sure it's really flat even though the tire is off the rim ! 
.... -\- . Please Put this dog on\ 
start school in the moring and will find out what else I will need to school this semster 
Do any of us really know everybody on our friend list ? Here is a task for you . I want all my fb friends to comment on this status about how you met me . After you comment , copy this to your status so I can do the same . You will be amazed at the results you get in 12 hours 
Well it's back to building military vehicles for me again 
??????????????? ????? ??????????????? \ 
~ If you have wonderful friends , put this on your wall . ~ \ 
? I'm privileged to have many ... Thank you , for being you ? \ 
??????????????? ????? ?????????????? 
Hope I make it to work 
???? \ 
????? ¸ . •° *”˜˜”* • . ¸ ??? ¸ . •°*”˜ ? \ 
?? (¯`v´¯) ??? ? ? ?? ?? \ 
??? ` . ¸ . my husbanddd :) 
Q .. What goes vroom , screech , vroom , screech , vroom , screech ? \ 
A .. A blonde going through a flashing red light . \ 
LOL ... our joke to keep us going through < PROPFIRST>'s Day at the shop . :) 
