Bahhummbugg ! I can't wait till the holiday seas0on is over , seems like it has been here forever ! 

Don't wanna go to work ... Not at all ! But I have the next week off to spend with the kiddos Yeah ! 
Spring time ?? I am ready for allergies vs . this snow crap ! 
Lavender 
Had a good weekend with the kiddo and boyfriend sucked working tho ! Can't wait till a day off for sure ! 
Wishing for a few more days off , can I protest this ? 
and the countdown to the weekend starts .... I so can't wait for another day off ! Then school starts for Winter semester YEAH !! 
Pondering the past , present and future .... crazy how time flies 
Ah one more night and a much needed day off its been a lil crazy lately ! 
Day off went good ! Took some great pics of my sis and her soon to be hubby , I am proud of my work anyway ! 
Been a long weekend working , can't wait for tomorrow finally a day off :) 
Shame on you America : the only country where we have homeless without shelter , children going to bed without eating , elderly going without needed meds , and mentally ill without treatment-yet we have a benefit for the people of Haiti on 12 stations . 99% of people won't have the guts to copy this and repost it ... < PROPFEMALE > BEGINS AT HOME 
Got a lot done with school in the past two days now add work t o the equation and hear me scream ! 
Had a good weekend , awesome company , lots of laughter my c < PROPFEMALE > ks still surt from laughing so much tee < PROPFEMALE > ( Saturday Niight ) now I am exhausted and going to go to bed ! Night ' all ! 
Wondering and wandering , exhausted beyond belief and about to scream ! Maybe some much needed sleep can cure this ? 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status , and put the first entry for your name under comments . 
Beyond happy got a 100 in my interpesonal communications class wahooo ... yea for me doing a lil dance ... lol think I might get my grove back this semester !! 
Sick as a dog ! And It SUX !!! 
Happy Valentine\s day Every1 ! Hope you spend it with that someone special ! :) " 
Full Load at school , and drowning in the homework . When does it ever end ?? :( 
Actions speak louder than words and I'm getting tired of the run around ! 
So proud right now !! My lil Mill just got home from school with the best news this week ! :) She won the coloring contest at school amongst her peers in the first and second grade ! 1st place !!! :) 
Two days till I'm off Yes !! Now all thats running through my head is Chicken fried ; a cold beer on friday night ; a pair of jeans that fit just right .... lol 
Really getting tired of all the disrespect in my life !!! 
Got my new camera finally , you would not have believed all the obstacles I had to jump through for this one . I hate wal-mart !! Its easier just to shop online !! :) 
What an exhausting weekend went to collins for dresses :) today got lost in < PROPMALE > yet again lol and got my new furniture it sooo pretty ! 
Happy St. < PROPFEMALE>'s day , day of the < PROPFEMALE > !! Drink lots of green beer and blessed to all ! 
Totally psyched !!! < PROPFEMALE>'s PTC went great going out for ice cream as a reward !!! She's so so smart :) Very Proud mommy ! 
Start of spring break , have some chapters to catch up on and it's our trial week to see if this is going to mesh well . Wish me good luck ! Ahhhh !!! 
Made it through the whole week ... OMG !! lol did have a blast with the boyfriend and with the family celebrating Mill's bday ahead of time . Thinking I'm exhausted now ! 
Wow < PROPFEMALE > much is changing in front of my face ... My lil girl is now seven years old , and I just remember yesterday I was planting dafodils in the front yard just moments before I went into labor with her . Awww not a baby anymore . Love my big girl though ! Happy Birthday Scribb ! 
Happy Easter Weekend all !! 
Had an awesome Easter with the Family . That Easter < PROPFEMALE > evenbrought me a trick :) I'm so happy with ! 
I finally getmy bugaboo !!! ( my nephew Ayden ) :) Yea !!! He's < PROPFEMALE > Cute , and content !!! 
Stressin about school , all my grades are good except for one class , can I finish this course in 5 weeks ??? AHHHH !!! 
Tick tick , feeling like I'm always running late !! For something and everything ! 
So what's the trick to this so- called life ?? I'm thinking I'm missing some crucial part ! 
A day off .... ahhh get to maybe catch up on some sleep ! :) 
Cloudy day . comfy couch = slacker day for me :) 
The weekend , just wasn't long enough :( Time to go back to work again ! 
cRAZY , cRAZY .... how the cow jumped over the < PROPFEMALE > and fork ran away with the spoon ... lol so the cows near my house are jumping over fences and causing problems on the road ... so much fun in bfe ! 
I can't wait till this weekend is over ... I wanna a day of sanity !!! 
A few Pictures posted , still trying to catch up .... 
Weekends over accomplished some moving , but not much . So much to still get done ! Grrr ... but did well on my finals so theres a plus ! Hope everyone had a good Mother's Day with the fam's 
So tired of my agenda for the next month I wanna scream , Can I have one day to run away scheduled in here somewhere ?? 
Thinking a day off to do nothing sounds great right now ! 
Ahhh so much to do ! Got three days off , My Kailee is coming tomorrow , finish unpacking and cleaning , and dress up the sis for a trial for her wedding ( she's gonna be beautiful no matter what ) so the question is when can I sleep ??? :( 
Wow ! Life changes so fast , you can close one door to another wide open and welcoming . 
Omg !! It is so hot out and so much to do to < PROPFEMALE > out in the ac . only three more days of craziness and my lil sister ties the knot . 
Have way to much to do , even more thoughts running through my head driving me nuts . Are there any pit stops for normality in the next few < PROPMALE > ?? 
Im going to end up be such a cry baby tomorrow :( my Chelle is goona be so pretty on her day !! Jus wondering how Im gonna hold back the tears ... ne good ideas on where to hide kleenex ?? 
Wondering if I got lost in the whirlwind of last week . what ever happened to the sunnie skies and smiles , the corny music in the background as the credits roll down the screen ? 
Had sum r&r with the kiddos and the rest of the family at the lake . It was so nice to reconnect with nature as well as catching up with everyone ! :) 
Curious ... whats the inner working gears that makes our human race tick ? 
Had a great time with my bear and bug at the park today :) Got a few cute pics as well 
Back late from G town and tired , feel old omg ! So not cool ! Had a great time with the boyfriend and I even got to < PROPFEMALE > out with my sis and her family ! Kota got a monkey to sit on her lap :) good times !! 
Watching natures way of expressing our independence through a beautiful lighting show . Wishin my kids were here to kick back and enjoy it with mommy . Really miss you !! Everyone have a Happy 4th and a safe one :) 
HAD A GREAT FOURTH WITH THE FAM ! For firsts I was lucky enuf to be there for bug . As well as it was \our\ " first 4th together Im so happy !! " 
Had a pretty good two days off very eventful from the time I left the doors of work till my head hiits my fluffy pillow . :) 
Sometimes love just isnt enough 
Why is it whenever ur day is going good , great , jus spatactular the \man\ " has to get u down one way or another . Lets revolt ! Its time to give it back !!! " 
When innocence open handed shows the glimpse of hope instinct kicks and discovers the silverlining of truth which beneath it all is a flinch of fear that stops us 
Todays the day my baby girl was born . What a day to remenis through the now 9 years shes been apart of us . Love you baby and miss you ! Have a great birthday and hope all your wishes come true !! 
Thinking this weekend burnt me hard , thank god I have two days off . Going to go chill on the side of the baby pool with my sis and niece and nephew !! Yeah finally some R&R 
-I pray to be young ... I pray to be inspired ... words from of your tounge blister like fire- 
What a relaxin weekend ! Now back to the grind as they say for another week . 
Got my scribb back today aww how much I missed her . Now its count down to mommy and < PROPFEMALE > day on Thursday :) I just cant wait !!! 
Memory Walk 2010 This September 11th in Fort < PROPFIRST > , Colorado . This walk is in support and memory of people that have Alzheimer's or family members that have suffered along side their loved ones . \ 
Please if anyone is interested in supporting or joining out team at \ 
Sunset Manor , or just wanting to donate to find the cure to Alzheimer's \ 
diesease please contact me . 
R . I . P . \ 
Henretta < PROPFEMALE > Kimble Spetember 11 , 2009 Wife , Mother , Grandmother , \ 
Great- Grandmother , Sister , and dear friend . We Miss you !!! 
Taking things day by day ; experiencing what each breath means then to feel how relaxing it is to exhale 
Beginning of a new chapter this year ... 2nd grade here we come ! :) 
Dinner with the family was a nice end to the summer . Now its time to hit the books for back to school not only for Miss Mill but for mommy now to 
Wow , this first week of school has been nuts for the little one ... new school , lock down , loosing a tooth ... whats next . Thinking Scribb can conquer anything ! 
* Yawn * this Friday feels like Monday and I had more motivation monday then I do today . 
It's the middle of the week , have today off ! So much to get done before the weekend and have a sickie on my hands . Poor Mill , that darn hayfever gets her every year . :( 
TGIF !!! Thankfully the week is over and the busy weekend starts . :) 
My checklist for September is getting smaller :) Garage sale 4 work ... Check and we did great for donations .... Garage sale 4 family ... Check and again we did awesome ! Now for the rest of the weekend to relax and the Memory Walk for next Saturday ! Can't wait to help the Cause !! 
Friday is just a day away and a day off that is very much needed ! 
Today is a day in history that we are now reminded to never forget . It broke all of our hearts and now we fight for our freedom . Today is also a day in my past that brings tears to fall upon my cheeks . My Grandmother passed on this day exactly one year ago and as I miss her dearly I know that the hope she shared with those close to her still continues on through us . 
For all parents out there ; there is no < PROPMALE > for parenthood , or the right way to raise a child , it takes a whole village to raise a child . So enough with the stone throwing set them aside and lets bond together to make great things for the future generation . 
Just going to breathe ..... ( Sigh ) 
What a day ! What a day ! You can tell it was a Monday for all ! LOL 
Just gotta get through today and then its time for a relaxing weekend away from < PROPFIRST > County !! Ohh how I need this ! 
Went to Estes yesterday , all the little shops , the craft show , and the mountain air was what I needed . :) 
How come life always seems to resort to the past with all the same old games we play ? 
Ahhh when can I finally breathe ?? This cold is starting to get the better of me ! 
Somewhere\ 
right now , a CNA is getting yelled at for being late with cares , \ 
holdingtheir bladder cause they don't have time to pee , starving cause \ 
they missed lunch , being puked on , pooped on , bled on , peed on , yelled \ 
at , beat up & is missing their family while taking care of yours . \ 
Repost if you are a CNA , love a CNA , or APPRECIATE one ! 
Wow its been a long two days off , I'm trying to figure out which part of my life has more stress . lol still had a lot of fun tho ! 
God\ 
saw you getting tired and a cure was not to be . So he put his arm \ 
around you and whispered come with me . With tearful eyes I watched you \ 
and saw you pass away . Although I loved you dearly , I couldn't make you \ 
stay . A < PROPFEMALE > heart stopped beating , hard working hands at rest . God \ 
broke my heart to prove to me , he only ... takes the best . Put this on \ 
your status if there is someone in heaven you miss everyday 
Feeling just a < PROPMALE > overwhelmed right bout now ! So can i get a gps that states where I am going for my next destination with out knowing ??? If they get technology that works like that I need to get it ! 
Had an awesome time seeing my bug turn one this weekend and then turning just to my left to see my bear turning 5 . Happy Birthday guys !!! I Love you < PROPFEMALE > Much !! 
In the car , backseat preferably ! 
Feeling like I need to find a bag of ambition today ! 
It was such a great day off , got to see my sister and her family , spend time with my love , and see the rents . Not to mention a great fall evening to see Scribb ride her bike , make homemade pizza , and cuddle up on the couch for a Disney movie ! 
Fall is here , the leaves are turning beautiful colors and all I wanna do is stay cuddled up in my blanket for a good movie , come on 2 oclock !! 
Lets see who is paying attention . Every single one of you are on my \ 
friend list , as a result of a conscious decision . I wanted you there ! I \ 
am not only glad to count you as friends , but also family . Let's see \ 
whoon my friends list actually pays attention . Copy & paste this as \ 
your status .... I'll be watching to see who ... really does < PROPFEMALE > \ 
family & friendship . Thank you for being part of my life 
So I'm thinking my long awaited night is here gonna cuddle up with the family with some hot apple cider and watch Avatar :) good ending to my rainy day ! 
Had a nice relaxing weekend with the family , and a lot of much needed quality time with my munchkin ! Her smile lights up any room she's in ! 
Its mommy week post the date that you became a mommy ~ July 18 , 2001 and on March 30 , 2003 ... Is when I became a mommy and my life changed for the better . I wouldn't give it up for anything ! 
It's LOVE MY SISTER week . \ 
If you have a sister who has made you laugh\ 
wiped your tears\ 
hugged you\ 
watched you succeed\ 
saw you stumble\ 
cheered you on\ 
and kept you strong post this\ 
Sisters are a friend forever . Put this as your status if you have an amazing sister ! 
A bucket of paint , brushes , and a spray gun on a fall afternoon .... hmmm don't know if much painting got done , but it sure was fun . LMAO 
My girl came home today from her first field trip of second grade . She brings me a bag of fish bones and feathers , she was so psyched ! It must have been a good one for her to smile , you gotta love innocence it warms your heart and make you smile as big as their cheeseburger smile . Love you Mill ! 
Feels so good to be off , but the pile of stuff to do keeps getting bigger why oh why ?? 
We\ 
can all use some money right ! Sorry everyone , I'm not superstitious , \ 
but im not working either so , this year October has 5 Fridays , 5 \ 
Saturdays and 5 Sundays . This happens once every 823 years . This is \ 
called money bags . So Copy this to your status and money will arrive \ 
within 4 days . Based on Chinese Feng Shui . The one who does not copy , \ 
will be without money . I cannot let that person be me ! Copy within 11m 
My \happy\ " meter isn't all the way up to par . I wonder if I need \ " Happy Meals\ " and to be a kid again if it will change that ?? " 
Ahhh it's morning already ?? Where is the rewind button ... I was up too late hitting the books and it feels like maybe they hit me ... lmao 
Back to the books again tonight , what we do for a work- free weekend to spend with family ! I'm really starting to wonder how I keep a job and go to school and be a mom and girlfriend , cause I've had four days off and it doesn't feel like I'm getting much done but chasing my tail . Didn't someone say earlier about house elves , where'd those things go I think I need them right bout now .! lol 
So after two hours with a needle and thread , I got Miss < PROPFEMALE>'s Resident Evil costume finished . I think to make things easier I better get a sewing machine for any other bright ideas we end up having . lol 
Happy Halloween to all ! Have a rockin safe one ! 
1 . \ 
Go to Google maps . 2 . Go to \Get Directions . \ " 3 . Type Japan as the \ 
My home is filled with toys , has fingerprints on everything , & is never quiet , my hair is usually a mess & i'm always tired but there is love and laughter here . In 20 years the children won't remember the house or my hair but they will remember the time we spent together ......... & ..... the love and care they felt here ....... Children only get one childhood so make it a good one ! Repost if you agree xxx 
? • *¨* •¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? Put this on your status if you have the most beautiful DAUGHTER in the world ? • *¨* • . ¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? 
Special\ 
needs kids aren't sick or gross . They only want what we all want : to be\ 
accepted . Can I make a request ? Is anyone willing to post this and \ 
leave it on your status for at least an hour ? It is Special Education \ 
Week , and this is in honor of those who have children with special \ 
... needs ... and those who work with children with special needs 
Why is it that frustration comes so easy but understanding is something you have to work for ? 
Eh who needs math anyway !? Grrr .... 
How come we are pressured by due dates and dates of , but when it comes to authorities posting results we have to wait and wait .... 
Sometimes you feel like a nut .... sometime you don't .... days like today I feel like screaming and finding the nearest punching bag if I had the energy to wail on it ! 
The countdown begins 3 weeks and two days till end of semester aghhh ! 
In better spirits today ! Yay for once I can smile ! 
Thanksgiving Day ! A day of reflection of what we are thankful for , a day of family gatherings , a day to take a break and realize how blessed our lives really are . I am truly blessed with great family and friends . Love you all xox oxo ! To everyone Have a grand Thanksgiving Day ! 
Hope everyone had a Blessed Turkey day and now that Black Friday is over with it time for much needed SLEEPP !! Can't wait for the feast on Saturday and Sunday and the company of good family and friends . 
Today was our First Thanksgiving in our house . WOW :) and we cooked a great meal , nothing burnt ! lol Plus we got the company of loved ones , now on to the Christmas dash ! Hope everyone had an awesome break ! 
It's Monday and all that is running through my head is ... \ Do I have to ? \"" 
Change\ 
your Facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The \ 
goal is to not see a human face on FB till Monday , December 6th . Join \ 
the fight against child abuse & copy & paste to your status . \ 
Invite your friends to do the same !! 
Just got back from the midnight release party for Eclipse ! :) The girls took the costume contest again this year . Congrats to < PROPFEMALE > ( Kota Bear with 2nd Place ) and < PROPFEMALE > ( Mill with third place ) way to go 2nd year in a row ! 
Yes ! A day off , maybe I can get some of the Christmas decorations up ! 
Ahhh .... Breather in .... and Breathe out .... and smile :) 
Always thinking there is tomorrow , what if tomorrow never comes ? Time is of the essence , its what you make of it . So be sure you live for the moment , create memories that take breaths away and always let someone know you love them ! 
Camera , check . Batteries Charged , Check . Little assistant , check . Cute subjects ... as always , check . Off to Sis's to take a few more holiday pictures ! 
Has had a great day with my daughter , my niece , and my nephew . Remind me that innocence is bliss . 
Such a great start to my 3 days off ! I get to pick up my oldest Daughter and spend some quality time with her and Mill . :) Then off to the mad dash of Christmas festivities ! < PROPFEMALE > Christmas All ! 
Best part of Christmas is watching the kids ' faces light up from wonder ! The second best thing is spending time with family creating lasting memories . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas all ! 
Am so thankful for Guardians and those that are among us , thank you !! 
A day off and what do I wake up to ? More snow ! Agh ! :( Guess its time for a bum day and a movie on the side ? 
The little pitter patter of little feet is official ! :) 1st appointment today went great , got to hear the heartbeat and see the lil bean :) I can say I'm glowing . As of today I am 11 weeks and 3 days prego ! 
These crazy white nights , thank goodness for my sister , even though I prolly gave her a heart attack . I am truly blessed with a great sister :) Thank you for all you do Chelle ! 
Can't wait for my three days off ... Totally in need of them . 
Whoa ! thinking I'm not so sure about this semester anymore :( I need a cot out at the library ! 
Week 2 of classes and hey I'm surviving ! A little bit of homework never hurt any body . lol 
I hate the wind ! I hate winter ! Tired of all the snow , and it knocking out my net ! 
Great start to my day .... Always enjoy a classic ... Aw Empire Records ! 
For < PROPFIRST > s Day , change your profile picture to your wedding picture or a picture of you and your < PROPFIRST > . Post how long you have been married or together . 
Wahoooo !!! TGIF The weekend is finally here ! If I could go party oh hell yea I would so for all you lucky ones drink it up for me ! 
Wow What a day ! Had a great time with Family , and got to see My Aunt and Uncle cross a very special threshold today . Congratulations Aunt < PROPFEMALE > And Uncle < PROPMALE > ! 
Great Afternoon with the family . Took Miss < PROPFEMALE > to the park her smile was a mile long . I love moments like this ! :) 
YES ! In one month two of my favorite movies that take me to the brink of my teenagehood . First was Empire Records no reality bites totally lovin it !! :) 
Hi , Ho ; Hi Ho ; off to work I go ! 
Gotta few days off , time for some much needed catching up o n school work and house work . Where do I even begin Ahhh ! Talk about stress ! 
I wanted to really sleep in this morning ! Morning Sickness takes round two with me again :( does it ever end lol 
Definitely in need of spring break ! That or a vacation from this reality ! 
Very Proud Mommy ! My Miss < PROPFEMALE > had the best PTC yesterday and the best news ever , She is on her way to Third Grade . It was a bumpy road this year and extra hard work but she did it ! Mill was smiling from ear to ear ! Plus < PROPMALE > Kudos on her writing she is doing way awesome ! 
One more week and counting till SPRING BREAK ! Come on ! 
Thank goodness tomorrow is Friday ! Day off ! Going to go see the Good Ol ' Rents ! :o ) 
Had a great evening with the sis and her family . Great food ( thank you < PROPFEMALE > ) and a chick flick pretty good night summed up ! 
Having an awesome day with Mill . Happy Birthday girlie ! Cant beleieve Your such a big girl , I remember like it was yesterday bringing you home when You were just the tiniest of things . :o ) Now time for one of your favorite grubs , chinese and chocolate . Let the festivites begin ! 
MMMM .... chinese was good , now bring on the chocolate cake , I love celebrating birthdays for kids , they are always so much fun , and especially when their faces light up with approval . :) 
So spring break is officially over :( got a bit accomplished at least . Mills bday party was good on sunday but we all lost to Mr. Buggy ! Those two year olds sure have some moves . Can I plead with someone for a break from spring break ? No motivation to start it all again lol . 
Well the results are in and baby coperated surprise lol . We are officially expeting a baby girl :) 
