Party Party Party Party ! 

Happy New Year everyone ! 
Looking forward to spending the morning with my sexy hubby and sweet angel baby . Looking forward to pancakes for breakfast . My hubby is such a great cook ! 
tired after spending almost all day cleaning 
Watching Baby J push her highchair around the kitchen . Its so cute to see her walking that way . She will be up and running circles all around me very very soon . LMAO 
Its good to see you too . You look exactly the same as in High School . I went through some really rough relationships and now am married and have a 10month old angel doll baby . 
I'm doing good . Got married to anawsome man and have a 10month old angel . Shes such a sweetheart . 
LMAO your such an ass but yes I finally broke down and did it and I can not believe how many people are on here . My hubby's entire family is on here and most of our friends and alot of the people that I use to talk to in highschool before I left in ' 03 . 
Good Morning World . Its going to be a fun day ! 
What A gorgous ride the Cherohala Skyway is ! 
Today is going to be another wonderfull day ! :) 
Ugh not looking forward to what looks like more rain today . Makes for making pancakes alot more fun this morning . 
Pancakes were fun this morning and it didnt rain . Looks like opening the windows and letting the sunshine in today . 
Listening to Baby J tell me all about Spongebob and her puppy playing outside without her ! 
Dang it . < PROPMALE > popped another ball I bought for Baby J to < PROPMALE > around the house . Grrrr . Going to have to go buy a really good soccerball for the two of them to play with instead of the cheap plastic ones I have been buying . 
Watching her little budda belly get bigger as she eats her food . Its so funny that she's 10months old and as big as her two 18month old cousins . Shes my cute little buda baby :) Can't help but love her especially when she's chasing < PROPMALE > around the house trying to get him to play with her . 
BATH TIME FOR THE BABY !!!!! 
Almost made it through the whole night . She woke up round midnight but went back to sleep with in 10min . Its a start to a long week ahead . Ijust wish it would stop raining . 
So tired of cleaning house . Need to finish the kitchen counters , the dishes , the laundry , The bathrooms , and the dusting in the living room and bedroom . Same things everyday but it just never seems to stay clean . DOES IT EVER END ? BOO HOO :( lol just kidding but it does seem to never end . Oh well need to stay busy with the baby and school and the house on the days I'm not working . Can't really complain to much :) 
Almost finished with the cleaning . Got some school work done durring nap time . Never seems to be enough time to get everything done fast enough . Wish I was superwoman sometimes so I could get through everything faster and have it all done . 
Just got home from work . Ugh . Need to clean again . Mommy don't make me do it please ? I don't want to clean my house . lmao At least is was a nice < PROPFEMALE > day for a while . Made baby J happy to get out of the house for a little bit . :) :) 
Oh lordy lordy looks like its going to be another gorgous day in TN :) Got homework to do . More house to clean and playtime outside with Baby J would be nice if it would warm up a little bit today . Maybe go see her cousins today for a little bit since we will be in that part of town for a while ? 
Picking up the inlaws today from their trip to FL . Can't wait to see the pics . Its good to have them back home . And last nights surprise party for our friend was fun to go to . The food was great ! :) 
All the bathroom fixtures are raining down in both bathrooms . What is up with that ? They are just randomly falling off the walls . :( So not cool . 
watching the < PROPFEMALE > and the Frog again . Going to watch my favorite version of Thumbalina next while Mommy does her homework and hopefully gets something turned into her school after taking so long on it . Wish me LUCK ! :) 
Feel like I've been standing for three days straight . Need to sit ... Must play with baby though . She's running circles around me now that she's figured out she can walk ... Got to love the baby though :) 
Watching the baby do circles around the kitchen taking pony and < PROPFEMALE > along for the ride babbling the whole way sowing they everything there is to see in a kitchen . I love my kid so much . Doesn't get much cutier . Kinda partial though cause she is mine . ;) 
Why do people complain about this new Arizona law ? If people want to get technical we have to \Show our papers\ " I mean our Drivers Liscence everytime we get pulled over for a speeding ticket . So please someone tell me why enforcing what is already a federal law is so difficult ? Please don't get nasty on here it's merely for discussion . " 
So tired but can't sleep and I have to be up and out the door by 6:30 am . Ugh Its going to be a long fun day playing with the baby and the cousins . Can't wait . \ 
P.S. Finally got a graded project for my computer class turned in . Couldn't have taken longer to do . Just hope the next 2 will go faster . 
So tired but can't sleep . To much swirling around in my head to grasp or deal with and its causing me to lose to much sleep . 
Got a 100 on my graded project . Just two more to go . Maybe I havent lost all of my computer ech skills yet . lol 
What a rough night . Made it through with some sanity left . Now its time to wake up and clean up the house and do some school work and watch the little lady < PROPMALE > the dog around the house(The best part of the whole day is doing it with daddy ) . 
I have one of the cutest kids ever . She was doing laps around the kitchen table this morning and then grabbed onto my robe and was trying to pull herself up by the tie . Shes so funny . Now shes helping mommy try and type and do her school work . :) 
Shower and Bathroom are finally clean but not without alot of protest from the little one . Shes so cranky right now . Keeps crying and bumping into things and crying more . I think someone needs a nap bad . Got another project turned in for school . One more left and will have the class done . Then on to finishing my English class . Yippie :( 
Eeryone is in a much better mood after having a nap and eating some lunch . When she crabby and not happy mommy is crabby and unhappy which makes daddy crabby and unhappy . Its funny how all your happiness is based off of the smallest person but the biggest personality in the family . 
Last Project for school done and turned in as well as my first english test . SWEET ! so much accomplished school wise for me today . I feel like I actually got something done for school since March . 
Since when did playing in the oven and trying to hop into the dishwasher and constantly going into to the laundry room become her favorite things to do . She yels and crys and is so mean when I pull her away or tell her no ! Shes definately a strong willed child . Gets it from her daddy . Just wish I knew what she got from me . 
JUNE 19 there is going to be a MEMORIAL RIDE for the Christian & Newsome Families . It will be starting at the HOOTERS on MERCHANTS DR and ending at the HOOTERS on ALCOA HWY . WOULD LOVE TO GO AND HOPE THAT EVERYONE WILL COME . This is a really great thing to show these two families that we love and support them through this really rough time after the trials . EVERYONE NEEDS TO COME :) 
Baby J is crawling into the dogs kennel and torturing the poor thing . lol if only people could see her right now . She keeps opening and shittung the door and crawling in ontop of him . Its hilarious . Looking forward to Baby J's Birthday . Its the BIG 1 ! 
Put my swimming suit on for the first time in almost two years . Is that a bad thing when you can't look at yourself in the mirror cause all you see is cottage cheese and jello where there use to be rock hard and < PROPFEMALE > muscle at one point ? Oh Well just need to work out harder I guess . Just wish I was swimsuit ready now :( 
Anyone have any ideas on how to beef up a resume after not working for over two years and having babysitting jobs for a couple of years before that ? Getting kinda depressed about trying to write my resume for a job that requires one but no college degree still working on it . UGH so depressing . 
Way past bedtime . GOODNIGHT WORLD . Wish me luck for the morning and tomorrow . 
Good Morning World . Its going to be a bright sunshiny day . Baby J is hilarious this morning . She keeps making this blowing sound when she walks or gets excited about something that she's looking at . It's like shes trying to whistel or somthing . Got to love my Baby J . Her and her Daddy are the best thing to happen to my entire world . 
Got a 70 on my retake for my English Comp test even though this time I only missed four questions . You can only make a 70 on the retake . grrrrr Got my last graded project back for my computer class . Got a 100 . SWEET !!!! Now I need to write three essays and turn in my course journal and I will be finished with my English class . 
So stressed about the resume stuff . I look at my life on paper and realized just how much of a waste it was there for a while . It looks much better now and will keep getting better and better everyday as long as I have my family . Almost 10:30 its about story time at the library . Watermellon is being brought in for all the kids . This will be fun and messy . 
Home at last . So tired of sitting in a car . Got the table cleaned off and set and ready for dinner but dinner is missing . Im really looking forward to the Tbone sitting on the counter if the hubby would grill it for us . Id screw it up I know it or else I would start doing it . :) :( 
TBone were so good last night . I married a Grill Master . So tired . So tired . Up at 6:30 this morning and laid in bed til 7:30 when the baby finally woke up and decided she wanted out of her crib . She's so funny . She's just sitting in the kennel with < PROPMALE > loving on him and showing him a piece of string she found . She loves that dog so much . 
\Who's that baby ? Who's that baby ? Cutie Baby ? < PROPFEMALE>'s her name ! \ " :) :) 0 :) " 
Fun Weekend . Went to KY for a Bow tournament . Out of the 20ish shots I got 2kill shots and 13 wounded . I think it was something like that . Baby J got to go into a pool for the first time and didnt like it that much . Water was to cold . Had such a good time at < PROPMALE>'s Chophouse out door patio for dinner . Amazing food and amazing service . Even brought the dogs out a bowel of ice water . Total blast . Ready to do it again ! 
It's nights like tonight I hate having friends that don't have children ! Go to a celebrate a friends patio being finished and Baby J gets cranky . She naps 15 < PROPFEMALE > . for pizza pickup and is happy as she can be and ready to play at home . Noone could really care they are all just happy that I left their party . What great friends I seem to have every other time except social gathers that are not family friendly . 
Good Morning world . All is good and happy this morning . Had some left over pizza with the baby and enjoyed some much needed sleep . Now its time to let the hubby sleep and and spoil him all day for the awsome and brave and loving husband and father that he is this memorial day or is that everyday ? lol ITs everyday ! 
She has decided that she is just going to sit and love on the dog this morning . ITs so cute . He goes and lays down somewhere and she follows and snuggles into him like hes her best friend . She loves her < PROPMALE > puppy big brother ! There she goes again . Time to go clean my house while chasing her out of the dirt pile I sweep up lol :) 
Wish I had some left over Pizza . Kinda hungry and didnt realize it until now . 
Going to the Library today for the summer reading program . Have all of our wednesdays planned out already . So exciting to watch her have fun and play with the other kids even though shes the youngest one there . Got the Living room , both bathrooms and the baby's room spotless yesterday and most of our bedroom done . Yea ME ! 
Dinner was awsome ! Had some Chicken in a white wine and < PROPMALE > marinate that I baked . A baked Potatoe that I made with cheese and bacon and celery sticks and a hot choclate for dessert since it was the only desert like item in my house . < PROPMALE > had a bite of the chicken and said it was really good but he wasnt hungry after mowing the grass but everything looked really good on my plate . 
Spiderbites are itching so bad . I can't believe I got bit in 4 or 5 different spots . Don't have a clue where the spiders cam from just know I got bit while I was cleaning Tuesday . Grrrrrr So annoying starting off the day in an itchy mess . 
Going to Redbones tonight . Going to enjoy the patio and the lake with the hubby and the baby ! Even gonna put a little vavavoom into the look . Miss Baby J looks so pretty in blue and white checkered print dress now mommy needs to put the sweat pants away and make sure she looks as good as the rest of the family . 
Had a great time at Redbones with the family and some friends . The best part was watching baby J fight the sleep the last little while we were there after dancing with daddy to some songs to the live band out on the patio . She fell asleep in her carseat we got out of the car and stayed asleep after we got home and put her in her crib . 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO < PROPFEMALE > ! She is officially 1 at 2:11 this afternoon . I can't believe that it has been a year . Where did all that time go ? She's so big now and running . She's running around the house all the time :) I love my little ANGEL 0 :) 
Why does my car have to be a pain in the butt the week I need it for work ? Why do I have to be the one that is locked out until 11:30 pm and up with the baby til lord know when and then up at 5:30 am to go to work ? Why do my car and phone hate me so much ? WHY ? WHY ? WHY ? 
She's country ! From her cowboy boots to her down home roots . She's country from the songs she plays to the prayers she prays . That the way she was born and raised and aint afraid to stay . She's country ! Nothing but country ! \ 
Love it :) 
smacking face sound \Wake up wake up ! Everybody needs to wake up ! \ " including me it feels like this morning . At least I dragged my behind out of bed at 6 this morning . Ugh should have been up earlier to go running . " 
Ready to go swimming at < PROPFEMALE>'s house with Lilly , Brandon , and Baby J ! 
I have it on a mix CD in my car . Need to change the CD for a bit or I'lkl never have the song out of my head . lol 
Everyone is still asleep . I get up at 5:30 to be at work by 6:30 and everyone at the house is still asleep ? How does that happen ? Why does that happen ? The kids get to sleep in . Ugh its going to be a really really really really really long day . I can tell already just hope noone decides to cop an attitude with me today . Its just not going to fly . 
So tired . Well got lied to my face and now must apologize to a kids parents for not being more assertive and telling her she was going home with me . Followed in car while trying to get voice confo from mother only to find out later from another mother also trying to call that the other mom gave no such permission and was floored that her daughter would do such a thing . 
Not happy after seeing that my attic is causing condensation on my walls and making the paint bubble . Got the walls dry some and the paint to lay a little flatter . Just don't know what to do about it with it being 90+ outside durring the day and it feeling lie 120 in the attic and needing to run the air for me and the baby and the dog . UGH ! Makes me want to cry :( 
So tired . Just want to go back to sleep . Baby is now up and wants to play . 
Rain Rain Go away . I need to weed my Gardens today ! Rain Rain Come Again later tonight would be so I don't have to worry about the power when I'm asleep in Bed . :) 
Need a Job Need a Job Need a need a need a Job . So very bored with doing the same things . I want to feel like a productive and helpfull member of society again and do more then just go to school and take care of my house and my family with out the finicial stress caused by not having a job . I love my baby J but I want to contribute more to our family then what i am currently . 
Rain Rain Go Away . Why a repeat of Yesterday ? I need to pull the weeds and need to finish cleaning the outside of the doors cause I got most of the dirt off but not all , need to clean the gutters and stain the deck . Although it is pretty funny seeing the dog hiding in his kennel and Baby J in there loving on him and talking to him . Its like she's trying to tell him it will be ok . Its just thunder ! 
Congrats to my friend < PROPFEMALE > on the birth of her gorgous little baby girl < PROPFEMALE > . Can't wait for them to come home from the hospital on Thusday to go see them . She did an amazing job baking the little one up ! 
Maybe I can get some more house work done today . Who knows maybe it won't rain and I can start working on the outside ? Please please please ? Got another Chapter and a half read last night . Still two and half more Chapters and two essays to write by sunday . So excited about going to the Library to go the Appalachian Music Program for the kids summer Reading . 
Spent the entire time at the library chasing Baby J around the stacks . She got bored apparlently . Got some resumes emailed out . Got the baby to go to sleep on her own after some crying and me doing some work . Now its time to clean some more read the rest of my lesson tonight and start working on my essays tomorrow . Yippee !!!!! Oh and I finally got all the flower beds and weeds rounduped and taken care of . 
Going to see Miss < PROPFEMALE > and Miss < PROPFEMALE > today ! Also going to finish my reading for next week today ( only 2 chapters ) that way I'll have until next Saturday to work on my essays and my journal writings that I have been neglecting and not be freaked out or pushed for time and be able to do them right . I hate writing essays and journal entries :( 
So tired . Just want a little nap and what happens . Get the baby down and then I have to get up and move off the couch to answer the house phone and the baby is up and ready to play . Why did the person with the wrong number have to call only 20 < PROPFEMALE > into nap time ? I wish you could zap people like that through the phone line . 
Watched The Little Mermaid the Begining and made Brownies with Baby J tonight . To bad she fell asleep on me before everything was done . Got my lesson for next week already finished . Now I just have to write Three essays instead of two but I'll have more time to work on all of them . Want to have this class done by the end of the month so I don't have to study while having fun 4th of July weekend . 
Stupid , keyboard . spacebar , isnt , working , on , it . grrrrrr , oh , well , thats , why , i , dont , use , it , very , often , just , needed , a , couple , of , photos , to , post , on , cl , of , bedroo , suite , to , sell . 
The Memorial ride was awsome yesterday ! I have never seen so many bikes in one place at the same time . Seeing everyone pull over and wave on the side of the raod brought tears to alot of peoples eyes . It was just absolutley amazing . I think the bike count was over 300 . I heard a definate 296 though . Just wish I could find something about it online other than old newssotries from earlier in the week . 
Somebody is tired cranky and smells icky's . Wonder who that could be ? Baby J ???? did you make mommy a fudgie ? hehe so cute . Just glad we are all feeling better . Mommy having a migraine just plain stinks . Especially for one of the cutest and happy baby's in the world . 
Was sitting here going through pictures and realized that every pic of have of me from the last year I'm wearing sweatshirt and sweatpants . There is something seriously wrong with that . I made it back down to 112 why am I still longing to wear clothes that make me look like a dork ? UGH !!! Maybe if I had finished the P90X ? Oh well go running now . 
I hate school . I hate looking for job . Can't get a job without school . can't really pay for school with out a job . Its a never ending viscious cycle . I'm about to say forget all of it and just go into the military . At least then I'll have a job and will be getting the life skills and job skills I need for something better then just sitting on my butt all day . I feel so useless right now . 
Its the Tickle Monster ! Argh Run for the hills Baby J its going to get you ! hehehehehe Run baby run . The Tickle Monster is going to get you !!!! 
I'm starving . Can't wait for the hubby to be home soon so we can go it . We are starting to get restless around here . I'm pretty sure there will be a baby revolt on my hands soon if we don't get to go eat soon . lol That would be funny to see just not fun to listen too . Especially once she gets the r's going and starts sounding like the baby machine gun or chubbaca . 
Oh life is life . Got to love it , got to hate it but you can never escape it ! 
Had a fun weekend with the hubby . Spending the rest of the week cleaning so the house looks good when we get back from the wedding . I hate leaving with the house a mess . It makes me so miserable comming home and seeing everything that I am going to have to do . 
So tired of cleaning . All We have done today is clean the house . Hubby the outside and mommy the main bathroom and cleaning the kitchen . Mainly the floor . Ugh never do a good sized kitchen with a toothbrush if you can help it . Ugh it was gross seeing how dirty it was there for a while . LMAO 
I'll be in her studio ... studio ... lmao 
Finally got home . What a blast we had on our little family vacay to our friends wedding . Have been going over job applications and getting stuff ready to go see an air guard recuiter sometime in the next couple of weeks since we got home . It would be so nice to have a job once again and be paid and be usefull again . 
Great now she wont stop crying . I think someone misses her puppy ! Its time to go get the < PROPMALE > ! 
Baby J was cracking up until < PROPMALE > popped the ball that she was throwing at him . She's been so happy and having so much fun chasing that poor dog around the house and pulling on his tail and loving on him when he finally gives up . She loves her < PROPMALE > puppy ! 
I had such a great time getting to < PROPFEMALE > out with the hubby and the pretty miss baby j and all of our friends when we were visiting them last week . Makes comming home hard after being out of the house for so long always doing something every day . I sit around here and go really ? I need to clean and do school and back to the same old routine of things . Not so much fun :( 
Happy to be home . I didn't realize how much I really missed the hubby until I saw him yesterday . It was nice to be able to work again though . I hope I hear some good news about some job applications or something from the recuriter soon . I don't remeber having this much trouble getting someone to call me back when I was trying to get into the USMC ! 
Good Morning World . Ugh so hungry . Can't wait for < PROPMALE > to get back for some tote in da holes for breakfast . Some relaxing time with the hubby the off to the Germin's for Mexican night ! Love ya < PROPFEMALE > ! Had a fun night with friends and the hubby . Its so nice to get out everyonce and a while just me and the hubby :) ;) 
Good Food and fun last night . Now its time to study and do something about the mess my house is in now after a sugersmack attack this morning . Why we ever thought sugersmacks were a good idea to buy and give to baby j I will never know . 
Hello World . How are you doing today . Had a great time relaxing yesterday with the hubby and the Pretty miss Baby J . We watched Chloe , The book of < PROPMALE > and Hot tub time machine . Now for today 2rants before 9am sounds like it will be a fun day . Got to get studying done . So close to being done with this class . I just hate writing assignments for English though ! 
Time to get some more journal entries and hopefully the last two essays done today . One is on Cheating and the other is on Whether we are better off today or 50 years ago or 50 years in the future . hmmmmm That one wont be hard to write . I don't know if I should laugh or cry about that topic and could I change it to 60 years ago ? the 60's were not my favorite < PROPFEMALE > can we go back to the late 40's and the 50's please ? 
Ugh . Do not want to even think about cleaning my house this morning . Maybe I could ring a little < PROPFEMALE > and the cleaning < PROPFEMALE > would appear and do all of my house work and school work for me . Hold on let me find a < PROPFEMALE > . \ < PROPFEMALE > chimes\ " Crap I just poofed into the living room . Looks like my job as the cleaning < PROPFEMALE > has offically started today . : ) " 
This is why I hate writing Essays for English class . Topic is Consequences of a college student cheating on exams . It has to be 750-1000 words . Be a Casual Analysis with the definition of cheating in your own words and classifications of the different effects that result from the decision to cheat . It has to express my feeling about cheating and then inform about cheating . Ugh Really ? 
So frustrated only came up with one consequence after brainstorming with the hubby for a couple of hours last night . Anyone else have any ideas on what consequences would be for a college student cheating on exams ? I'm stuck and am out of ideas . 
So Happy to be back online !!!!! 
WEell I have two chapters done in my financial accounting class . Still have to write that stupid essay on cheating . Two essays three journal entries and 13 more chapters to go . I reall would like to get it all done by the end of the month . That would make me very happy ! 
Going to take the ASVAB tomorrow . Oh joy ;) I know I wont do as well as I did 8years ago but I sure hope its still in the 80's at least . If I don't get offered any jobs that are good and I can use in the civilian world I don't know what I'm going to do . Taxes are going up in January and I know I probably wont be able to get a job ever then . So depressing . Wish me luck everyone ! 
So much fun planned for today . Clean and Clean and play with the baby and eat lunch and go to the library for storytime and then go into knoxville to go see < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > the two best girls a person could watch ! I love being around them . Then back home for dinner and homework with the hubby . Then back up tomorrow to do it all over again . I'm so glad school is back in session . I have missed seeing the girls . 
Time to do it all over again only instead of the library we are going to go try and see MSGT < PROPMALE > today and Go to dinner with my mom at her favorite resturant Texas Roadhouse for her Birthday . So excited about all of it . 
Oh the joys of being in my little family . Keeping my fingers crossed that we can still go to GA . It will be alot of fun if we get to go . Have the baby sitter and the dog sitter ready to go . I'm going to go through Baby J withdrawls though . I love my pretty Miss Baby J :) 
Poor Baby J is still asleep . We picked her up yesterday from the sitters and she was all nasally and drippy nosed and watery eyed . And then on top of that the poor little thing had another tooth come in the otherday . I love my Baby J . Shes so sweet when shes sleeping . I just wish that she felt a bit better . 
Feeling icky this morning . Need to Clean . Need to Study . Need to Sleep . Baby J is eating a pretezel and doing circles on the floor at least she knows how to make me laugh and smile til daddy gets back from work . :) 
Hehe Someone is trying to mess with the keyboard this morning . Yall get one < PROPMALE > to guess who that might be . I'll give you one clue . Its not the hubby . 
Everyone went to bed really early here tonight . Can't wait to go camping this weekend for the holiday with our friends . It is going to be so much fun and hopefully a great first camping trip for both Baby J and me . 
Time to Clean the house and Study and make sure that everyhting gets done today that needs to be before we go camping . I can't wait to go camping . Baby J is going o have alo of fun playing with the other kids and The guys are going to have a good time going fishing ! 
So tired of filling out job applications and sending out my resumes to everyone and everyone saying I'm not qualified for the job . It doesnt help that if your trying to find a job for three plus years no one will give you a < PROPMALE > to show that you can do the job you just dont qualify for it on paper . I'll go sulk and cry in a cornor now . :( 
Enjoyed Camping do much this weekend . Perfect weather where we were at and the best people to go camping with . Good food , music , and times all around the campfire . So glad that we got the opportunity to go with our friends ! 
Loving the photos from our trip . What a great time we had with our friends and their family . Sad I missed the first game but looking forward to another win this week against Oregon . GO VOLS GO !!!!! 
So we didnt win . grrrrrr . I guess though it was kinda to be expected when your playing #7 in the nation . It was a great game til half time at least . Maybe next game we will win . Looking forward to a great week and weekend with friends and family . Also thinking about changing my < PROPMALE > to Criminal Justice . I think that there is alot more going for that out here where I live . What do yall think ? 
Oh to even just fix one relationship in my life would be nice . Trying to anyway . I hope that it works . I'm tired of always feeling like everything that is wrong is always my fault and that no matter how hard I try to fix thing it will always be my fault becuase I was the one who screwed up the past . :((( 
Lots of Birthdays this month . Happy Birthday to < PROPFIRST > . Hope you liked your card that Baby J made you . hehe . Happy Birthday to my nephews Grayson and < PROPMALE > , both are truning 2 this week and Happy Birthday to my Sister < PROPFEMALE > who is turning 23 on friday . Love all of you . Have a great Birthday week ! 
Good Morning World . How are you doing today ? Everything is going well here this morning . Already have had to Vacum and the dishes and clean the counters and steam clean the carpets this morning before 8 . Now I'm going to sweep and mop the floor and clean the base boards and the food that is stuck to the walls . What a wonderfull day :) 
Love a good workout in the morning . Ran and took 10 < PROPFEMALE > off of my run time . Did a 35 < PROPFEMALE > express workout . And am now happily taking a little break before I start studying this morning . Offically decided going to go paralegal and then Cri < PROPFEMALE > al Justice if I have the time and the longing to still do it after I get my AS . 
It has finnally stopped being 90+ oustide this week . Went to the grocery store and the bacnk and came home round 10 to find that it was only 62 outside still . So much for my morning run with Baby J and < PROPMALE > :( I'm just happy I no longer have to run my AC . I can open my windows to air out my house . I love Fall ! I'm so excited about all the activites we get to do now cause it has finally cooled down outside . 
Thanks to < PROPFEMALE > Emtman for sending me HAPPINESS . I really like it ! http://apps.facebook.com/serendipity--degeih/home?url=&tv3=mKrRaGQaEOOVwSiEKjTAhy6Bh0igbhKybqXY0OoihQ%3D%3D 
Love watching Baby J play and laugh with < PROPMALE > . He is such a good dog and is so good with her . He just sits there and lets her crawl all over him and pull on him when ever she wants . Its so much fun to see the pure joy she gets from playing with him ! 
Still amazed at how much cleaning I can get done around my house in an hour . Doesnt even look like anyone lives here except that the floor needs to be moped . Time to go make lunch and take a nap with Baby J . Shes mad at me cause Im cleaning up all of her mess that she had fun making . 
Someone is crabby crabby crabby today and has an icky smell coming from her booty . Time to go clean up the baby and the house and hopefully get some studying done today . Fingers crossed ! 
Hello Happy People ! Time to get up and do some work . Have three workouts I need to make up for this week . Hehe . Looking better everyday . Get a call about my job interview tomorrow . Fingers crossed ! Hoping that I get the job and they are ok with the schedule I asked them about . School is going well . Ready to start some new classes . Baby J is cute as ever ! 
Excited for the game tomorrow at Noon . Go UT ! Go UT ! Go ! Go ! Starting to see results from a month of working out . So excited about it . Its nice to see all of my hard work starting to pay off in so many ways in so many areas of my life . Can't wait to see what is in store for me in the near future :) 
Why does UT have to make me sad today ? :( Oh well . Time to move on and start thinking about Alabama in 2 weeks . Keeping my fingers crossed that I hear some good news and get alot accomplished that I'm needing and wanting to get done . I still can't believe that we are half way through October . Halloween is going to be here so soon . Already have a gameplan set out for the the houses and fun stuff we are going to do :) 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > the Explora ! Spongebob Squarepants ! Spongebobs Squarepants ! What my baby girl is saying to me right now in her own special Baby J language while chasing the dog around the house and into his kennel with her < PROPFEMALE > doll that daddy gave to her . Time for lunch . I wonder what is on the menu today . Leftovers ? Or something new ? hmmmmm ... 
All over the house tryin to find the dog only to realize that hes outside . Wonder how that happened ? lmao . I'm still floating after getting some great news today ! Now its time to make some dinner and go study for a while . Everyone Have a Great DAY !!!!! 
Got my house clean . The Baby is Happy . Looking forward to work today and having someone come look at the house . Now all I have to do is get a bunch of study time in and this day will be perfect . Off to go workout for 30 < PROPFEMALE > . Then sit back and relax and enjoy the fact that everything is working out for me . For us . For everyone . Hope everyone has as great of a day as me :) 
Made it through my first offical day at work yesterday ! Looking forward to a busy day tomorrow . Helping out at the Blount County BBQ for a few hours then home to play with my sweetness and then off to work . I'm excited that I'm able to do all of this . Hugs for EVERYONE !!!!! 
Ready to start my first full week at the Shack ! I really like it so far . Baby J's getting use to it and the hubby is Proud of me for getting a job and sticking with he job hunt for so long . Now just got to get throught this semester of school faster so I can switch majors over to Paralegal . Life is good . Everything is falling into place the way I hoped it finally would :) :) 
Got to finish cleaning the house before I go to work . I like being able to say that more now . It makes me feel all warm and fussy and happy inside ! Looking forward to starting to shop for Christmas Presents . The only person I'm stuck on is my Mother . Never know what to get her but I think I have a decent idea this year . :))) 
Tired . Needed a little break from te studying for work and for school . So much information that I'm trying to jam into my head . AT least Baby J is here to keep me laughing as she runs around playing with the dog and getting into everything . Getting kinda hungry . I wonder what is for lunch ? hmmm ........... 
Wake up girly . Feeling very tired this afternoon . Not liking that feeling . Baby J was so cute this morning dressed up like a little UT cheerleader for Spooktacular . Got a bucket full of < PROPFEMALE > . Coloring book and a book to read and a orange balloon to match her Uniform ! GO VOLS ! Beat BAMA !!! will be the first cheer we teach her . hehe :) 
Busy week but loving it ! Baby J is running around saying mama mama mama and eating dinner . Well kinda . lol Such a goofball that pretty miss Baby J . 
Its going to be a great day . We have a football game today . Got to work and then take my little Vols Cheerleader Trick or treating . Oh so exciting . Can't wait to see what else happens . HAPPY HALLOWEEN EVERYBODY !!!!! 
Who's having a great day ? WE ARE ! Hope everyone else is having a good one too . The fall wheather us finally here in TN . Baby J is having fun with her new seal we have named Fluffy and I'm almost done with my financial account class . Lots of Happiness all around ! 
Oh she loves the bathtub in my house ! < PROPFEMALE > Cutiepants . She likes to splish and splash around . < PROPFEMALE > Cutiepants ! If Swiming around is somthing you like < PROPFEMALE > Cutiepants then Drop in the tub and swim like a fish ! < PROPFEMALE > Cutiepants ! 
Today is such a great day ! It's time to sit back and reflect on how great life has < PROPMALE > the last couple of years . HEHE I still can't believe that it is our 2yr wedding anniversary . The time has just flown by . Looking forward to a nice relaxing day of sitting around and spending time with the hubby today ! I married the best man ever ! 
Play with Baby J study clean study clean play with Baby J some more go to work . Thankfully the hubby is off for the rest of the week to help me out while I'm at work . Such a sweetheart he is but dont tell him that . It might go to his head . lol . Getting pics developed today ! SWEET more SCRAPBOOKING PHOTOS !!!!!! Life is grand sometimes don't ya think ? 
It's going to be one of those days that feels like it should be later then it really is and yet still feel like it should be yesterday . 6:30 is not a fun time to be awake . 
I can't believe that today is monday . It doesnt feel like a monday . But it's monday . This work schedule I have has me all screwed up . lol . Love being able to work though . Just need to finish working out a few kinks . Not looking forward to working the weekend after thanksgiving . Hoping to get my christmas shoping done soon . 
I have the best husband in the enitre world ! I'm really looking forward to getting to go to dinner with him tonight with our friend and our little girl . Going to Wasbi ! Love that place ! Hope everyone has a great day ! I know that I will ! 
Finished my Financial accounting class . Just need to take the tests and I will have it completley done ! So exciting . I'm ready to have this semester over with so that I can switch to Paralegal :) 
Trying to finish waking up . Been up for an hour but still feel really tired . Looking forward to spending sometime with my family today . I have missed them over the weekend . Got home last night from work and < PROPMALE > got Baby J to learn where here feet are and where they are on her body . It was really cute to watch . Especially after I put the new dog bed down . She just kept laying on it and laughing ! 
Hope everyone had a great thanksgiving and black friday . 
Glad hours changed at work . Got to see < PROPFEMALE > and her hubby and my family tonight . Had a great time getting to catch up and be with my family ! 
Its snowing ! 
Putting up the christmas tree and getting the house decorated . Glad to have a day off so that i can . 
Enjoying today . Cleaned house yesterday and cleaning house again today before I go to work . Baby J has been trying to help me mop the floor with the swiffer mop . Its funny cause she goes over the areas Ive already done making me do them again . Took me forever to clean just the bathrooms cause of it . lmao :) 
Baby is not feeling so hot todsy . Poor little thing . 
Love my sweet loving family . Baby j cracks me up with how much of a daddy's girl she is . Daddy is loving it . 
1st day of potty training . Not going so well :-( 
The shack just went hood . Wow wow manager went and threw a guy out for shopliffting ! He flipped out . Manager was awsome !!! 
Just got home . Time to unwind with baby j and the hubby . Just happy to sit down and relax with my family . 
So bored at work . Had our first rush of the day a few < PROPFEMALE > ago . Now its just as dead as dead can be . Ugh love the shack though . 
Love my daughter ! Shes so funny playing with plastic ice cream making us all laugh ! :-D :-D :-D 
Ready to leave work >:-( 
Ugh . Not feeling good . Both ends this stinks . Hate being sick on christmas . 
Still feeling icky but alot better than yesterday now after food lots of fluids and a little bit of sleep . Ready for us all to be 100% again though ! 
Ugh baby got squirts . Friends have it . Family has it . This stinks . I figured out where it started and not happy knowing how it got started . 
So tired of feeling tired and rundown . I'm ready for all the holiday stuff to be over and the new year to start . Party ! Party ! Party ! Looking forward to a new year with new experienes and memories to be made with my amazing family and great friends . 
So bored of being at work . Ready to leave . Nothimg to do but vacum and watch football . SC vs FL state ugh >:-( wish TN hadnt lost last night . 
Today is going to be a good day . Baby j is < PROPFEMALE > out with her friends , hubby gets to < PROPFEMALE > out with his friend , i get to get a few hrs of school done before work ! 
Im so bored . Have only had 4 people come in the store since 5 . I miss my hubby and angel baby girl . Lookin forward to day off to clean & work on school more :-D 
Waiting for the baby to wake up . Ugh i feel so tired today i dont want to get out of bed . I need to get up though or ill lay here and never get anything done :( choices to make on my day off . 
Poor baby j is not feeling good . She just laying down on my lap while we wait at the drs office . Shes so quiet and tired . I hope she doesnt have the bug again . 
No flu . Thank god . Hope my angel baby starts feeling better soon . 
Baby j has got on my last nerve . Shes < PROPMALE > throwing a temper tantrum in the car for am hour and half . Im about to pull my freakin hair out ! 
Suppose to snow again . Fun fun . Baby j is being so much better today . Looking forward to spending to night with the hubby . I miss him so much when we are workin 
Omg in so much pain this morning . I can hardly breathe cant sleep cant move my left arm with out pain . Freakin stupid ribs . Trying to decide if going to dr. 
So slow at work . Had time to read 2 chapters in my marketing book . Ready to go home and rest . Ribs feel looser but still hurt in certain ways . 
So much snow . So pretty . Got snow for my bday . I hope the roads are not to bad so i can get to kville for work and for my bday dinner with my mom tonight . :-D 
So bored at work on my bday . : ' -( think ill go hide in the back and cry a little out of boredom . Lol 
Hoping to make it with a full night of pain free rest . Doubtfull though . Just wish i knew what happened to my ribs . Oh well good bye 25 hello 26 ! 
Thanks everyone for the birthday wishes . And thank you i love you to my hubby for the books you got me . I absolutley love them . cant wait to start reading them ! 
Time to wake up and get this day started . Git to clean the house , study , pick up girls , drop off baby , and go to work . What a busy day . Hehe i love it ! 
So bored . Two people came intobto the store but just looked around . Ugh . Second night in a row . 
Just got back from the dentist and eveything went well . Even baby j was good for her tooth inspection ! 
Looking forward to dinner tonight . My mom made me lasagna for my bday . HEHE so excited cause its going to be so good ! Looking forward to tomorrow . Finish cleaning the house and get a bunch of studying done for school . I'm ready I'm ready ! 
Got the house 95% clean . Makin lasagna for lunch today . Smells so good . Looking forward to double bday dinner tonight with friends ! 
Dinner last night was good . Had a fun time with friends . Not looking forward to work tonight :( im ready for a change in work and school ! 
Ugh not looking forward to work tonight . Want to go home already and i just walked in the door . I dont like the feeling of dread when going to work . Its not fun 
At work and bored but been keepin somewhat busy today . :-) 
Having fun with my niece and nephew . They are so cute together with baby j ! Love getting to see them all togther and seeing april ! Love yall ;-) 
Things to do today : clean baby , clean house , do laundry , interview new sitter , read classifieds , study and workout . Fingers crossed i can get most of it done . 
My kid is to funny . Shes chasing the dog around and jumping around and rolling around everywhere . Might be time for some gymnastics classes ? 
Looking forward to some lifechanges . Life is looking very good and loving the < PROPMALE > at some new oportunities in life ! 
So tired after a long day at work . Ready to go to bed . So happy with the new changes in my life . Things seem to be getting better for me . Now I just need to keep the momentum and continue on my path of self renewl and improvement this year . So far so good on keeping my resolutions this year ! 
Ugh to early in the morning to be up . I want to go back to bed and sleep in a little bit . Oh well been up since 5:30 doing research . I guess its time to go get ready for work and do something productive today ! I'm really enjoying what I am doing now and hope that I don't kill myself with work this weekend :) 
Happy to finally be home . Went and got the baby and juat got home . Im starving . Time to make something and give baby j a bath . 
Good morning world . Hope you have as good of a day as i have so far this morning . I love my family and am so happy and thankfull for all of their support ! :-) 
Hoping today goes better then yesterday . Fingers crossed :-) 
Finally have everything straightened out with work . Feel so much better and less stessed out . :-)) 
Going to read me some < PROPFIRST > beck and go to bed . Im so exhausted . Ready for a good nights sleep and a real < PROPMALE > to catch up on school starting tommorrow :-P 
Can wait to eat this roast when it gets done . Smells so good . Gettin so hungry . 
Made tuna helper for dinner tonight . Not half bad . Baby j is enjoying it lol shes sayig more and banging her plate at me . Guess shes still hungry . 
I want to see gnomeo an juilet . Looks hilarious . Ready for the next couple days going to catch up on school and house work . Im ready for a good nights sleep now 
Good night world . Ir was nice seeing you again . Can't wait to do it all over in the morning . Sleep well . I know that i will . :-)) 
Love the new five finger death punch . Bring me down is such a heartbreaking song :-) 
Go steelers ! Just wishing my baby angel was feeling better . Poor little thing feels so icky . Love my angel baby . 
Ugh the job hunt is back on :( 
Playing wii bowling . Way to much fun ! :-)) 
Think I'm going to go take a nap before I start cleaning the house again . then get the baby maybe go to the park then head home for dinner clean up and back to the hunt . LOL I hate hunting but at least its something to do for a while now that I actually have a little bit of time to do it and school . Love you world too <3 
Lol getting my teeth filled at the denist right now . Is it sad that im facebookin between teeth ? ;-) 
Had fun at obed park with the family . Walked around . Played had a picnic . Much needed and loved family time . Getting ready to play ball with baby j outside . 
The binki < PROPFEMALE > is comming to take all the binkis back to binki land so they can go to new homes . Any advice for ways to say goodbye ? 
Going to see < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > tonight . Its nice to be able to get out and see people i havent gotten to see in a while . Thanks for the ticket and < PROPFEMALE > out night A <3 
Tired of sitting in the parking garage waiting to leave the < PROPFIRST > aldean show . Loved it . Thanks A for asking me to come <3 <3 :-) 
Think that i have the flu . Feel so bad . Need sleep so bad . 
Almost done cleaning most of the house . Ugh still feel terrible but my fever has finally gone away . Just hoping it dosent pass on to the rest of my family . 
Had a great time seeing Grandy and Grandpa < PROPMALE > . Looking forward to being able to take them out for icecream soon when the weather warms up <3 :-) 
One of the best things about TN is you can hace a bon fire in March and it feel like its september or october outside . I love tennessee ! 
Someone i think has offically hit the terrible 2's . Ugh this is going to be a long year if she keeps this up . Love my baby girl . She's growing up so fast . <3 <3 
Someone has found out about Bubble Guppies . Its actually kinda cute and funny . Just hoping she will go down for a nap soon . Feeling tired . 
So tired of being in pain . Ready for it to be over with . Got another week or so and it will be all gone . I can start working out putting pain in other places :) 
Spring is here ! Ready for those evening walks along the lake with the family and the dog and motorcycle rides with the hubby . Going on picnics with friends :-) 
Pain pain go away . Let me get some sleep tonight . I so bored my doggy snores . Why cant my body just shut down like a computer and go into sleep mode ? Im tired . 
Things i love about spring . The weather is warming up . The windows are open . Fresh fruits . Rootbeer floats :-) And we finally get to enjoy the outdoors :-)) 
Such a nut my little girl is . Come over to friends house to play and chit chat and shes trying to figure out how to ise the stairmaster . Working on her figure . 
Going to see Grandy and Grandpa < PROPMALE > and Aunt < PROPFEMALE > and cousins < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > . Really nervous . Have baby girl stuff for < PROPFEMALE > . Hope it is well received . 
Had a good time at Grandy and Grandpa Ricks . Baby j had a fun time playing with her cousins . It was nice to see everyone . Im taking a nap . Pain , tired not fun . 
I hate business management . Cant wait for this semester to be over so i can change my degree . Ugh trying to stay motivated . Not happy with school at all ! 
Love getting a < PROPMALE > to catch up with old friends . I love all my friends . I have the best friends in the entire world . My hubby is the best and most amazing ! 
Power is out again . Grrrrr . Stupid storms . Off to bed early tonight . 
I hate study for classes that are being dropped anyway . Just want it to be over with asap . I hate business man . After everything ive put into it . It lets me dow 
Loving kraft shells and cheese on this cold rainy day . Yummy yummy . Having a good day now . :-) 
Making a giant cookie in honor of my sisters birthday in a couple of days . Live you hunny . Miss you . Can't wait to see you sometime soon . : -* 
Got writers cramp . Ugh so tired of studying today . Got two chapters of vocabulary and notes done . One more chapter tonight . Test in morning . Want to be done ! 
Nap time did not last < PROPFEMALE > today . 30 < PROPFEMALE > now shes up dancing in circles around the living room having a good ol time . Love my cute big girl ! 
What a nice day be outside . Throwing the ball to the dog . The baby running around the yard after the dog . me sittin here talking neighbor girl while doing nails 
Yummy yummy . Baked lemon pepper chicken in < PROPMALE > sauce ontop of bow tie pasta with a salad on the side . We all loved dinner tonight . :-)) 
Got to sleep in . Was very happy til the power went out just as i was going to dry my hair . Lol baby j slept in as well then got mad for putting everyhing away . 
Just watched dumb and dumber for the first time ever . So funny . How is it i have never seem it until now over ten years after it came out ? 
Looking forward to motorcycle ride today . Perfect hubby . Perfect group to ride with . Perfect weather and a perfect gramdma baby j hangout day . Love to eveyone ! 
