* sighs * Stardock failed to start the external < PROPFEMALE > of Elemental this past week . I hope I get picked for the < PROPFEMALE > when they do start it ... Oh yeah - sitting still while getting your hair cut can be quite painful when you have a herniated disc . 

Bypassing twitter character limit ( grrr ) . Attempted to cut down the jungle in the back yard . Hoping that doesn't result in a week of back pain . I've been reading a few books from the saga of Recluce . Hopefully within 2 weeks the Elemental Beta will start . Will most likely play Heroes of Newerth on Friday again and , most likely , lose a few games . 
Elemental Beta - not fun - interesting to mess with , but not fun . Of course , they don't want it to be fun - yet . Majesty 2 - I hope I don't go through all of the missions this weekend . 
Been doing a lot of reading lately - re-reading the wheel of time series , while waiting for the next part of the last book to be released . Wonder why I haven't finished Majesty 2 yet ... 
I need to know what system ( PS3 , Xbox , or PC ) people are planning to get Dragon Age for . I've read the PC version may have a feature or two the others don't ( top view ) - but I might get a copy for the PS3 instead ( maybe as well ) if enough other people are getting it for that system . 
I've been thinking of attempting to run a mini-DnD game .. which I blame on < PROPFEMALE > Arcade's DnD podcasts starring Will Weaton . I think GenCon was a bad thing .. I keep of thinking of the prototype games I've played there , that don't exist in the market . 
hmmm , 5 hours to kill before game night starts - all caught up on books , and none of the DVDs are calling to me . Maybe I'll try playing one of those nifty pc games - like trying to kill the dragon on Majesty 2 . 
PC overheating again - removed a bit of dust from the rear fan , and re-applied thermal paste to CPU heatsink - we'll see if it buys me another 3 months or not . 
Wonder if sleep will avoid me for a 3rd night in a row - lets find out . 
I am tired . Which is a good thing at this time . But being tired most of the day was annoying . I've been researching with my free time lately ( when I'm not watching DVD's ) . Thinking of building a new pc ( current one is a whole 2 years old ) and trying to learn some graphic API's ( OGRE ) to do some game programming . I typed up a boring event that happened earlier today , but went over the FB 420 char limit ( grrr ) . 
* sighs * think I might have to research insomnia soon . 
Wishes he could make a wildcard filter for facebook ( block wants to win a *) . I had other random thoughts but they ran away from me . 
First heavy snowfall in MD - I'll probably have to shovel today before the ground freezes . 
I think the twice weekly walking + cold weather has helped my back some . Been spending my free time watching DVD's ( mostly Anime ) and reading . Maybe I'll play a pc or PS3 game sometime this weekend . Oh yeah : new tires = better control of vehicle . What game have you played recently ? 
Work has been draining this week - spent most of it thinking about 1 problem - still haven't solved it ( arrgg ) . I've been trying to engage my third brain cell , but they just aren't working well enough yet . I wonder if work is going to slow down for me the next 2 weeks as everyone else enjoys time away from the office . 
The snow .. it wouldn't go away ... It .. covered things ... It chilled things ... It drenched my clothes , it frosted my hair - I had no idea , it was everywhere ! 
tired ... so tired . Not sure why , I slept enough last night , but the tired just wouldn't go away . I wonder if I'll play any pc games this weekend . I don't suppose anyone would be willing to renew my drivers license for me early next week ? I can give you a recent photo of me , and my eye exam results .. they shouldn't need me there personally . 
So tired .. 12.5 hours of driving is a lot for one day ( that is only travel time , not including breaks + lunch + fuel ) . Had a nice 1.5 weeks in k-town , unfortunately got sick for my b-day - least I was mostly better for the drive back . May post more details later . 
I wonder how much time over this long weekend I'll spend in my cave ( basement w/ pc ) . I have a new pc game , and a few old ones to brush the dust off of . But then , I have some new games for the consoles to play upstairs , and < PROPFEMALE > and I have a few DVD's to watch . Choices .. all of which will distract me from adding order to the house . 
stupid cold is draining me of the energy I need to fully enjoy the end of my vacation ( or be productive in the fight against chaos ) . When I was in k-town , I tried to pick up the game Key Harvest ( sp ? ) - but the Rockheads owner claimed the game was already out of print . Didn't realize the game was that old , and that board games go out of print so fast . 
Bah . Yes Bah . What else would I say ? I still have my cold , although it is so minor , it is just an annoying reminder that I was , indeed , sick . My back acks , but not that much - no need for pain killers this day . So \Bah\ " is all I have to say for today . " 
< PROPMALE > Dunham was fun . Was able to sit through the whole show confortably . I probably could have done without the guitar guy - which wouldn't have been as bad if I had my earplugs with me . Now I get to stay up for another hour while waiting for laundry to finish . Back to re-reading the saga of recluce . 
Seems like my back is still doing better this month . Able to sit ( although slightly reclined ) through a 2 hour meeting today , no pain killers . Still need to be more productive at home .. Hopefully I can motivate myself to do some game programming this weekend . 
Work has picked up a little this week . My back has been doing fine . I've been getting to the gym about 2 times a week(need 3+) . Starcraft 2 beta started and Supreme Commander 2 demo is out - leaves little time left to clean house . 
I think I'm damaged - I'd rather research/own new games then play the ones I currently own . Elemental beta does not currently play on my PC and Starcraft 2 and Supreme Commander 2 are both calling me ... 
RPG gamers - FYI , White Knight Chronicles is out , Final Fantasy XIII should be out next Tuesday , and Resonance of Fate the Tuesday after that ( 2 weeks ) . RTS gamers - Supreme Commander 2 is out today . Sorry if this is a double post , but I can't find my previous post from last night - I think the share button failed . 
getting over a cold . Setting up a pc - don't have AIM setup yet . PC doesn't seem to overheat from playing games - I'm happy ... and tired ... well , mostly tired . 
ahh , a day of gaming . I wonder if I enjoyed the day a little more than usual having won all but 1 game ( out of 4 board games + 2 fooseball games ) . Sceptor of Zavandor was interesting - the only reason I won was because another player really messed up the person in the lead . 
3 hours of sleep plus a 12 mile bike ride = one exausted Mr Hucker . I'm still glad I did the bike ride though - hopefully there will be many more . 
Finally hooked up < PROPFEMALE > ( yahoo messenger ) on my new pc - I can chat again using a real chat tool !! 
Calling all PC gamers ( I might be the only one I know ) - any of you try the new Settlers 7 game ? I have it , and I've played it a few times .. I really can't see playing this against other people though - not sure why . Just seems slow I guess compaired to other RTS games . But I like the resource management style of game for a single player game . 
I think I picked up a bug - most likely from the concert . I just hope it dies quick . 
hrm ... games ... Civ V ... great , another one I'll have to purchase when it is released . For now I'm trying to listen for the call of sleep . 
Another patch for Elemental ( still in beta ) - game seems to run now ( not sure if it was the patch or new pc ) . I'll have to invest some time in it this weekend and see if I like where the game is going .. but at least it has a magic system in the game now . 
I messed up - evidently carrying a box of paper is too much for my back - been in pain every day since Monday . I hope I get back to ' normal ' sometime soon . 
well , I just scrubbed my old disc drives - hopefully I don't need any information from them . 
Hopefully today will be half productive . Although I'm not sure what I\m going to do for the half fun . Hope most of you can get some relaxation in this weekend . " 
I got invited to the starcraft 2 beta ... wonder if I'll get around to using it ( haven't been using pc much lately ) . 
Picked up Dominion and Key Harvest - wonder if I'll learn a strategy to either one . Caylus is a tough game , still haven't figured out a winning strategy for that one . 
needs a shot of motivation . Just finished a project for work thats been keeping me busy for last week and this week . Not sure what I want to do for fun this weekend . 
I usually do not enjoy concerts . I did , however , enjoy the Weird < PROPMALE > concert we saw tonight . He was entertaining , and played a lot of songs that I liked . Some of the enjoyment might have been from the pain killers though . I just hope my back doesn't complain all day tomorrow for sitting for 2 hours today . 
Omnibus ! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kspJkL69WPg&feature=related 
I must have annoyed the water/plumber gods . Had a friend fix a water leak in a bathroom , and now I have water under the water heater . 
Let's see - fix toilet - check . Fix evidence of water under water heater - ongoing . Fix new sound the car makes - ongoing . This may be a very expensive month for me . On the bright side - my back has been doing better lately . 
Stuff !! - the things we need . Stuff , it's where your money goes . 
I bet Timm Sinnen would like this : http://feastinginphoenix.com/?p=49 
I was tempted to get a tank-less water heater - until I heard an approximate install price of $3-$4k . * sighs * - I'm sure there was a reason I bought this place to begin with . 
Back to playing Elemental Beta again .. hit a crash or 2 , awaiting the next patch with , hopefully , crash fixes . Didn't get a lot done this weekend . Everyone ready for Monday ? I know I could do with another day or two before Monday starts ... 
I forgot how much I liked my pc desk . I also didn't realize how much dust collected on it , under the boxes/books . It's odd sitting down , playing on the pc , but I hope I get the < PROPMALE > to get used to it again . It seems I can now sit for about 4 hours at a time with a small break . Not sure what made my back happy , but I'm going to take advantage of it . 
Another off Friday - not sure what I'm going to do today . Tried a game of elemental - but my < PROPMALE > was killed early - reloaded and it crashed . That's beta for you . One month , Elemental , 2 months , Civ 5 . Somewhere within the next 3 , Patrician 4 . Lots of ' exploring ' type games this fall . 
I am really glad I got out of Magic the gathering . Out of curiosity I checked on ebay - and it seems people are still paying $15 or more for specific ( rare ) cards . The whole ' rare ' thing annoys me with collectible card games . They don't have to be rare - the company can print more of them !!! 
Concert last night - Barenaked Ladies . Was okay - they had some interesting stuff that I haven't heard before - a few songs that were a little slow for me , but okay . Unfortunately I was awake till 3:30 AM and didn't know about the 7 AM construction ( neighbor roof ) . Took the day off , so I could ... be tired ? ( Avoid driving while tired ) 
Poker night ... hope I win ... but then , doesn't everyone ? 
Just a reminder - back up your data !! If you haven't done so in the past year or so , do it now . I now know 2 people who's computers ( one desktop , one laptop ) died recently . If you don't have a backup device - you should be able to find one at Best Buy or Walmart/K-Mart for about $60 for a 340GB external drive - ( not sure which would work for Macs though , read the boxes ) . How much is your data worth to you ? 
Back from Atlantic City - lost $3 at the poker tables ( 2/4 LHE ) - guess I can chop that up as a $3 learning experience . Had fun - horrible weather ( it was warm and < PROPFEMALE > all 3 days !! ) - spent most of the time at the Showboat . Time to rest now . 
minecraft ( pc game ) , league of legends ( free pc game ) , and a new ' lifestyle ' ( diet ) . Fun Fun . The last is more time consuming then anything else - trying to get a balance for all the meals of the day takes effort . Now that you have an update on my boring life , you can go stalk someone else :) 
Favorite snack food - Nachos and Cheese . Current ' lifestyle plan ' - limit fat , especially from cheese . The two just don't mix . However , my plan does allow me to eat low fat cream cheese ( in very limited quantities ) . Solution - Cream cheese + death sauce + low fat/low sodium crackers . Success !! 
Blah - Civ 5 is using Steamworks . I may no longer want that game . * sighs * 
Well , the stress of planning for the trip for the IBM conference is over . Now I just have to survive the air trips . 6 hours ( 3 and 3 ) on a crowded plane sounds like hell to me . 
I wonder if I'll make progress on my list of things need be done this weekend . Anyone else plan to sleep in Sunday this weekend ? ( And no , that's not my list of things need be done , but it should be ) 
league of legends .. fun free game .. requires teamwork . and Mumble is a decent chat program . 
Home .. tired ... was a short visit - didn't get to visit with people as much as I would have liked too - but didn't have much choice either . Hopefully in 2 years we will have enough vacation for a 2 week visit . 
I've decided to update my photo today . 
Getting windows installed . I think the sales guy pulled a fast one me - told me they would work on one ( or few ? ) windows at a time and not take out the rest until they finished the ones they started . Oh well - just have to wear a jacket in my house for today . Also - I might have messed up my back with all of the late minute cleaning/moving of furniture . Hopefully it is a small thing and I recover by tomorrow . 
yeah - windows are installed ... I'z tired . Still have to put the blinds back up . 
Went to the casino Friday night . I won . Wonder if I'll win the next time I go . I'z still tired . 
I don't think I'm meant to wake up before 10 AM anymore . I heard there may be some snow in the Midwest - hope everyone is doing okay . 
I went to the casino Fri night . I lost 2/3 of what I won . I plan to take a break from there for a while . Still haven't reset my sleep schedule since Friday - at least , I still wake up tired even after 8 hours of sleep . Been playing Rift Beta - I have a key if anyone else wants an invite to the next beta event . Don't think I'll buy Rift . 
I found out this morning that I wasn't awake enough to go down stairs , ended up on the first floor just a few moments sooner than planned . Isn't stuff that like supposed to happen on Mondays and not Fridays ? 
Bah - I think my house doesn't like me . Maybe it doesn't like my neighbor , I'm not sure . Today it dropped 2 pieces of siding on my neighbors house , and the 6 or so strips above are are swaying in the wind , just waiting for its < PROPMALE > to pounce on someone . I hope I can get someone out tomorrow to fix it , not sure what it is going to cost me . Oh great , a wind advisory until 1 AM . 
Oh game update - if you play Rift , I was just notified today that the next ( possibly last ? ) beta starts tomorrow ( the 15'th ) and lasts until Monday . If anyone is interested in Rift and needs a VIP beta invite , let me know . Rift is a MMORPG similar to WoW , Everquest , or the like . I still have no plans to buy the game once it is out , but that is mostly because it has monthly fees . 
Wonder how much is it going to cost to get the 5 siding panels put back up there . Hopefully no more fall off . 
Bought Rift .. although don't have all that much time to play it . BTW - anyone want to help me put up blinds for the kitchen ? I put one up in the living room , think it took me about 2.5 hours . 
Bah - thought I was done with that silly cold bug ... ended up dizzy after 30 minutes of light activity . * sighs * what to do with the next 7 hours of the day .. Maybe play Rift or League of Legends ... 
Sometimes - I hate computers . Helped a neighbor improve the performance of his pc , and have another pc to repair that I built almost 3 years ago . I think the cure for the first problem is to force everyone I know to change to Linux ... of course , I'd be the last to step up because I need to play my pc games ... 
