4 in the morning and I'm still up .. though , this is nothing new ! :P 

Finishing up packing .. saving the computer before I go to bed ... boring 
Wellp , time to pack the comp up .. I'll be back online in a week 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas from Texas everyone ! 
Goodbye 2010 .. you won't be missed 
2011 has started off with some VERY weird dreams last night .. oh boy ~_~ 
It's going to be a good year for music , I'm already finding some stuff I'm loving . 
Just watched Paranormal Activity , sleeping tonight should be fun . 
Got into the Starcraft II beta ! 
Thanks for the birthday cards everyone , I appreciate it ! 
Got a much needed haircut . 
Had to sign up for the selective service -_- 
Fighting off a sinus infection ... 
Making pizza at 4:30 in the morning . 
Just spent the last 10 minutes hunting down a HUGE spider in my room . \ 
\ 
No really , it was texas-sized . 
Second day of in-cars proved to be a nauseating experience .. why am I forced to observe these brake slammers !? 
2 and a half hours of swimming .. feels good 
Baby snake in house at 11 at night = fun 
I need to do something crazy . \ 
I'm way too freakin bored . 
just had to clean up dog puke .. 20 minutes after lunch 
road test for my license tomorrow morning at 9 .. 
GOT MY LICENSE 
Interview with Mcdonalds in a little bit . 
Interview with Mcdonalds musta went well . I start Wednesday . Gotta shop for black shoes and pants now .. 
First day of Mcdonalds wasn't too much of a disaster , still tons to learn ... Good news is I don't look half bad in a Mcdonalds uniform :P ( and I have tomorrow off ) 
Thanksgiving days make me so drowsy ~_~ 
Finally got registered for college classes in the spring . 
Early december and I'm still wearing shorts and a t-shirt .. hello 70 degree weather 
Whenever I get a haircut I'll get a new facebook pic ... 
It's way too close to Christmas to go shopping at Walmart .... \ 
.. and I did it . \ 
* fetal position * 
A big thanks to everyone who sent me a gift , I really appreciate it ! 
Life would be so bland and colorless without music . 
Shaving is annoying .... 
Almost 350 bucks on college books .. and they were all used . \ 
Darn you 138 dollar math book . Who needs that crap ? 
Finally got a phone that doesn't suck . \ 
Love me some unlimited texting 
First day of college went off without a hitch . Math is going to be boring though ... \ 
Felt bad for this one girl , she was like 20 minutes late for psychology since she couldn't find the college .. lol 
My own online math homework requires me to disable my ad blocker .. \ 
... this bothers me 
Couple days ago it was so warm I had the window open \ 
Now it's so cold there's snow on the ground and college is closed ( on a day I don't have classes .. )\ 
Story of my life 
College is closed tomorrow yessssss 
and college is closed again tomorrow .. only had to go monday this week . This weather was good for something 
People being locked up in their houses for 5+ days and then going to Walmart when the ice melts ? \ 
SMART\ 
Never seen so many people in Walmart in all my life . Was worse than Christmas time . There wasn't even any carts at the entrance of the store - I had to go back out in the parking lot and find one . lol . 
