BORED !!! Wrestling was fun though . 

ima headed to the pool to work on math and then go swimming . 
This is a Rorsharch test results from a test I took Test Results Sickness Quotient : 99% WARNING : Your Sickness Quotient of 99% is very disturbing . Detailed Diagnosis * Interpersonal Insights You complain about everything regardless of what it is 
So everyone , there is going to be D&D tomorrow , prolly just a dungeon Crawl , but storyline is entirely possible . Ill be running the campaign which will probably run a span of a couple weeks . Your characters will start with 6 levels , and based off of how 
going to M10 today at TSS ... Ill be leaving my house around 12:30 TO BIKE THERE ... ONLY ABOUT 6-7 < PROPMALE > . one of which is uphill . 
night all ... got school and wrestling tommorrow 
night all ... btw wrestling is painful ... but fun . join it if you have the time , or if you want to get out of doing PE . 
sooo bored .... anyone wanna go watch < PROPMALE > Potter w/me ? 
Oh woe is me , for if thy world ends , all those non-christian babies , and indians , and anyone else shall be sent to hell .... that annoys me . Just got back from wrestling . The wrestling team is interested in getting Waterpolo players to join , be it male or 
I have a phone again ! most opf you should have my number ... ask if you dont . 
favorite song : your brains 
Ramen is pure awesome ... thank god for Noodles . They have touched us all ... SPAGHETTI ! 
D&D today . 2PM if you want to come it will be at my place . bring chips . 
part of next week I will be at my grandfathers house working on building his car . cant do anything all week prolly , though friday is possible . 
bored , sick , and tired . if anyone wants to chat , now is a good t 
hit x for an additional 4-7 . hit Y for an additional 1-8 . Set starting value to 1-4 . Bust on a 21+ . 20 pays 400 , 19 pays 300 , 18 pays 250 , 17 pays 200 , 16 pays 100 , all other #'s pay 0 . cost to play : 200 per round . 
so , D&D , for anyone who is interested , will either be Thursday or Friday at noon . call me and tell me if you are considering coming on either date ... Once I know which one people can go to the date for D&D will be set to that . 
Just got done with Registration ... So stupid what they make us go through ... 
Happy ! Happy ! Joy ! Joy ! Happy ! Happy ! Joy ! 
Regarding D&D Okay , so Friday , is that good for everyone ? at noon and we break a couple hours early ? If you know people who are interested in playing as well , invite em over . PM me if you are coming 
Bored ... Internets ! ENTERTAIN ME !... Damn . Didn't work 
1 question , 1 honest answer . You can ask me one question ( send it to my inbox ) any question any thing . No matter how awkward can be , ill answer it honestly , no catch . But i dare you to post this as your status and see what people ask you 
blegh .... bored and bored ... nothing to do and nobody to do it with ... lets blow up a car ! 
there are no stupid questions , but there are inquisitive idiots . 
hockay . so . I has gaming night set up for people who care to join us here , we are doing a system link for halo 3 and have apples to apples , munchkin , and a number of other games . if you want to join us here just bring your own soda and food . 
fml 
When life gives you lemons , your cut em open and grind em up until they are drained before sugaring their lifeblood and drinking it ... we can make anything sound barbaric if we explain it right 
for pony !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
ill be showing round 7:40 ish ... maybe earlier 
I hate this feeling ... its like I betrayed someone when I knew it had to happen ... please don't comment on this . 
Why do we create a world where we can do anything ? is it to get away from life ? to exist where you can do what we want ? to go and live away from the laws that govern our behavior ? Or is it simply a peaceful period of time for us where we can think of nothing but games ? 
If humanity was perfect : ( 1 ) People could fall in love and be with who they wanted to ... even when in a relationship . ( 2 ) there would be a cold beer in the hand of every man alive , and all sports channels would be playing twenty-four seven . ( 3 ) we couldn't exist . 
when life shows you that you can never make the right choice , what do you do ? follow what it tells you to do ? or try and reconcile with what you did , maybe change the hand you were dealt or try and play it a different way ... and still life says \no \"" 
can we ever truly be happy ? yes . in a 1-100 < PROPMALE > , we may find happiness ... in a 1 to 10000 < PROPMALE > we may be in the right moment at the right time to fall in love in 1 to 100000000 < PROPMALE > we may actually live with our love . and yet , in a 1 to 1 < PROPMALE > , you are guaranteed to get hurt . why ? 
live . love . laugh . follow these for a < PROPMALE > at happiness . you followed them and got hurt ? so did we all . 
I cannot be the one who I am for if I was then I would fear myself . 
I lieks mudkipz and wisdoms ... and lolcatz ! 
yo < PROPFIRST > Carpenter < PROPMALE > Hoffman < PROPFIRST > Moening i cant do D&D today ... sorry guys ... Ill have you guys over friday of next week . 
What is life but the constant agony of pain , the gut whrenching feelings of joy , the peircing sting of happyness ? What is life , but the feelings we feel , and the connections we make ? 
would you trade your feelings for a mute-ness that is computer-like ? Unable to imagine , to feel , to love , to regret , to find joy ? would you trade away that which makes you into you , merely to be a shadow of a whisper of a hope of a person ? 
< PROPFIRST > , D&D is at Nathans on monday , not my house ... ill send a wave to < PROPFIRST > too . 
All they do is eat sleep and poop ! Seriously ? WHATS THE POINT ! 
I feel like blowing something up ... 
your smile sends shivers down my spine ... I cant but help feel a stab of fear ... even as you come closer it only makes it worse ... you see anticipation ... and even as our lips touch , I fear for that which is me ... and my fears are well founded ... because even as you kiss me ... I can feel the knife scraping against my spine ... 
watching Zombieland around 7 , anyone wanna come ovedr and do stuff ? nyway , bored so call me at home ... and D&D ( which is basically turned into pure munchkin ) is at 2 
blegh 
read below 
I am completely out of Texts .... Damnit and I went over by about 312 . fml 
ugh . life is painful . cant wait till friday . 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ‘Without question , the greatest invention in the history of mankind is beer . Oh , I < PROPMALE > you that the wheel was also a fine invention , but the wheel does not go nearly as well with pizza . ’ < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Remember ‘I’ before ‘E , ’ except in Budweiser . To some it's a six-pack , to me it's a Support Group . Salvation in a can ! 
5 points into Rush a-mancy : total to completion : 5/42turns to completion : 8Lt < PROPMALE > 3Turbler 7Crovius 8Telva 8 average : 6.5 average squared : 42.25 Ouch . that will take way too long , as the Rush should be a short , startup effect which is meant to bankrupt me later on . 
Beta testing a game ... one player is dead on turn 2 
I jus lost the game ... thanks < PROPMALE > 
HELLO WORLD !!! ( i just lost the game ) 
does anyone have pills that give you sleep ? not make you go to sleep , just give you 8 hours of sleep without you having to actually fall asleep ... If you do : GIVE THEM TO ME NYOW ! 
I hate my computer ... It is a daily battle just to try and get it started , let alone functional . And right now I am working to do a system restore , which just happens to be the only way to get my comp operational . Every . Single . F ***** . Day . oh and btw , tomorrow I will be in whittier , so all of my plans have just been denied . 
sleep sounds good right now ... g'night . 
Ahoy there Mateys ! Are ye be sailin ' with pride ? 
Cap'n < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > laptops suck5 shots o ' rum ago · Weigh in · Arrr , This be pleasin ' to me eye . 
I dont like homework ... 
listening to linkin park , setting up my homework playlist ... while Im doing homework ... yes . I am that board . \\^^/ 
For some wierd reason , no matter where I am , I am not there ... I am merely here . 
hokay . soh , tommorow is liek saturday . right ? jah . soh , I was tinking we goh swimming tommorow morning . anyone who wants to go you are welcome to at the Sun and Sail club at ... 10 am+ 
hey ... if you got my number I am open to call's . If not , PM me for it and we might talk . or get on skype . I am Daemonwelsh . find me . 
So sorry ... my computer is acting up 
Facebook just killed my day . 
sleep 
nomnomnom . ihml 
vini vidi vici . 
life does not favor me ... not at all . 
I WILL BE COMPLETLEY HONEST FOR 72 HOURS ... you can ask one question(in my inbox ) . any questions , no matter how crazy , sinister , or wrong it is . I WILL answer no matter what , you have my FULL honesty , but I DARE you to put this as your status and see what questions you get :) -Syd 
here is a 2012 discussion . 
Harrasment , even over the internet is a criminal offense and as such can mean both a school must take discaplinary action , and the police must take additional action . With the advent of websites such as facebook and myspace , Cyberbullies are easier to catch , and as such are caught if the individual who is being harrased deciedes to report it . 
( A paragraph on the positive aspects of war . ) 
Wrestling . painful . Tough . and worth every second . just got back from rocking san-clemente and Dana-hills ... with 8 guys on the team ! ( 5 forefits ) ... El Toro JV is amazing . 
bored out of my mind .... want to do something tomorrow if anyone is intersted ... or maybe monday too . 
Expect everything , when the SHTF you will be able to look around and say : \I have a plan for this .. \"" 
Just got back from wrestling varsity , 2 wins , 2 losses 
Life is about trying . No matter what , even if you fail , there is a way to continue , to do better . Life is about second < PROPMALE > 3s . and third one's too . Consider the new year a second < PROPMALE > again . Mistakes that were made can be fixed . Just try . Or if you listen to Yoda , just succeed . 
Wrath . An interesting emotion which has wormed it's way past all defenses I built to combat such things . Now I feel consumed by Wrath , and all it's allies . 
I cannot text . If you want to talk to me , messege me in my e-mail . I may not be able to get back to you for a while ... I cannot however text whatsoever . 
it is time to focus on the postive aspects in life . 4 years and I will have my AA and be in the airforce . just 4 years . 
ahem ... lemme get ready ... okay . one , two , three : WRAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAGGGGGHHH ! 
this is me bored and unable to concentrate ... Ugh . 
Commander Grimes worked us hard today ... so sore ... 
open house was great ... Only unfortuntate thing about it was the parents . Oh well , can't please everyone . 
hey all , if you be joining me for D&D then PM me and ill drop you my address ................ .......................................................................... If no D&D players interested , then Munchkin instead ..................................................... ............................................................................................................................... All of this is at 2 
Resons not to screw with Ghengis Khan : 
Please put this on your status if you know , \ 
or are related to , someone killed on the Death < PROPFEMALE > . My wish for \ 
2010 is that people will understand that the Rebel Alliance is a \ 
band of terrorist scum . The Galactic Empire wants only to bring \ 
peace to the galaxy , but these rebels continue to kill our brave \ 
brothers in white . 93% of u won't copy and paste this . Will YOU \ 
make this your status for at least one hour ? 
As I lay , sprawled on the floor , the thought flitted around in my head , an unbidden one . Yet it was a welcome one . I closed my eyes . Peace for the very first time . 
the weekend aproaches ... I think I feel the weight of my family mounting onto my shoulder's ... This weekend is going to change my life one way , or another ... I can only hope that I do what is honorable . 
Today I have learned something new . People are never who you think they are . I am reminded of the < PROPMALE > of war . Speak with a man for twenty years on evry subject , eat meals with him and sleep in the same house with him . Then hold him over a volcano , and you will have truly met the man . 
last day of Jungle book ! Show up at 7 everyone ! 
Becca < PROPFEMALE > Muri\ 
< PROPFIRST > Domines\ 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Stevenson\ 
these are your targets 
fun day today . Had fun at the beach , and now my back is < PROPFEMALE > red ... Note to self : apply sunscreen more oftne , especially on overcast days . 
Back is now healed ... mostly ... I think . 
I LOVE WAKING UP AT 4 AM ! My day is just going to keep getting better ? Oh boy ! \ 
( I dont know if that was sarcasm or not ... hmmm ) 
Am I seriouslly the only person that gets up around this time normally ? Hmm .... Ah well . 
Will be writing about Hate . When its done , I will be posting a link on here for people to glare at until it dares them to click . 
Ah . The barren , lifeless expanse of sand and stone . Second in variety of life to only the amazon . Fml it took a while to get through vegas . 2-3 hours or something . As a side note , vegas has waaay to many strip clubs . 
Oh , < PROPMALE > , I need you to make sure you read the front door . I need the packet that you will be picking up . Thanks big brother . 
Just got back from a week up in colorado ! That was fun . 
INBOX ONLY . Tellme something you've always wanted to tell me . It will stay between thetwo of us . Post this as your status and see what you get . [ Please do this ! i wanna know !!! ] 
phone was gone . Mutter fand es unter der Couch . Zum Glück hatte es noch eine Gebühr . Ich für jeden , den ich nicht in Kontakt mit darauf zurückzuführen , dass wurden zu entschuldigen . 
http://www.freenightoftheater.net/shows/show_listings.cfm 
hey my friend < PROPFIRST > wants to know if anyone could lend him a P90X system , he is willing to pay $30 . so let me know okay 
Halo reach . Amazing game . I love online play , because I get to kick ass on the annoying middleschooler's on an even playing field . 
All my documents have been transferred over to a new computer . Why is this less fulfilling than I want it to be ? ( and why does this make me sad ???? ) 
80 days ? more like 10 ba-giga-billion-million-trillion props . 
pain ? Or Joy ... Both actually . LAIRE was epic today . 
God once asked me a question . I lied to him , and thought I got away with it . Years later , only now do I realize , the answer was yes , and I had been lying yo myself the entire time . 
\I WILL RUIN YOU ! \ " \ " What I love is you\ " . Climactic moment between ratio and allah gold in the backstroke of the west . " 
< PROPMALE > Potter . Why did they have to screw with Kreacher ? Ah well . Good little flick . didn't get the same feeling of epicness , and it all seemed a little bit ... rushed .. 
< PROPFEMALE > christmas . First , comes your family . Second , yourself , third , your friends , and fourth , your neighbors . Have a < PROPFEMALE > christmas . 
bye all . see you next year . 
nother birthday has come and gone . Relief . 
hey guys . I am trying to get an Ipad which costs $500 . I have 275 already , and I need help coming up with the other 225 . If anyone needs help with odd jobs , or if they can donate me some cash , I would be much appreciative . I am not just asking for hand outs , though they would be lovely ... Anyway , thanks for your help ... 
Hi all . Just here to let you know that the people at BevMo nearly ripped apart my brothers license when he was making his purchase . Hoping you guys won't shop there , as it might happen to you in a similar manner . 
Dieses warme Gefühl ... Ich denke , es heißt , ich bin glücklich , oder zumindest liegt . \ 
... Es ist wirklich ein wunderbares Gefühl 
got the nook ! yay . its amazing . nuff said 
The one sad part about being single and at highschool ? I cannot seem to find someone to help with my massage technique . Alas . 
A good day . Sore ( Haven't a clue why ... need to work out more . ) , full , happy . A good day . 
set the stage/ prep the course/ Fetch the Iron/ prep the forge/ Let the hammer fall/ Let the blade be forged/ Let your will turn Iron into/ A weapon of Truth/ Strike while the iron is hot/ strike with burning steel/ Strike against those that would have you rot/ and would gladly spill/ your families blood 
see below 
Live your life to the fullest . Have no regrets , and make no apologies . Though if you must regret , regret that you held yourself to your highest standard , and regret that the players of the company no longer walk by your side , and if you must apologize , apologize for being in the best company possible , and apologize for spending it with the best of people . 
