Way too many text messages to respond too & too many < PROPFIRST > I don't have . Sooo I love EVERYONE & Happy New Year ! Ciao 

WTH ! How in the world does the day start out bad before 8 o'clock , before I eat breakfast , before I even think about leaving the house ? ( sigh ) =-( 
Life is all about energy . Try to feel it around you , through you , and in you . Distinguish the positive from the negative . 
Woke up from another nightmare . This has got to stop . I hate going to sleep these days . God please help me . 
Is feeling a little upbeat & is in need of some good old conversation ! (^_^) 
Why is it that when I eat your favorit foods it taste so much better than my favorite foods , even when I don't like it . 
Keeps trying to crawl out from under this rock but it so dang cozy under hear & I feel safe . Each day I just shake my head at the world and come right back in . 
Each day is a gift not a given right 
< PROPMALE > green 
I thinks I am suffering from electrolyte imbalance . 
Oh I wish somebody could bring me a bottle of aspirin ..... I'm going to need it for tomorrow . 
Why is it that ppl act like they can't drive in the cold . Ain't no ice on the darn road ! So why are you sliding into m lane !!! 1 
Happy Founder's Day to the brothers of Phi Beta Sigma Fraternity , Inc . 
is in a love triangle with Potential and Inspiration , and neither is jealous of the other . Tis amazaing . 
is about to cook dinner 
is singing , ' We're gonna flip flop , skippity hop , back to fraggle rock ........ ' 
Had a wonderful night of sleep .... 
is making herself unavailable after 5pm I need to defragment and shut down .... whew 
Happy Founder's Day to all of my beautiful Sorors ..... Z-Phi ! 
Oh Happy Day ....... 
Either Mrs. Freshley's is highly addictive or I'm just and over indulgent slug .... so I'm about to cook some real food before I make myself sick . 
Cleaning 
Is watching this Lady Bug crawl up my wall . Why am I so fascinated with these little creatures ? These are the only insects I will touch willingly . 
is listening to Boys II Men for a little while 
breakfast is tuna salad sandwiches 
Probably shouldn't sit at home watching movies about racial injustices . I don't think it's healthy . 
What is going on w/ FB ? \New Simplified Home Page\ " . They just moved things from one side to the other . I could've did that on my own . Gosh ! " 
Congratulations to the Saints for winning the Super Bowl ! Yaaaaaay !!!!! 
is thinking maybe .... just maybe I should only buy and only wear sweat pants and t-shirts for the rest of my life . 
In < PROPFEMALE > , GA ! 
Spending my Mother's Day missing my baby (( Deep Sigh )) ..... BTW Happy Mother's Day ADL !!!!!!! 
About to take this good old APFT ! Then I have a test in class ! It's going to be a freakin awesome day ! HOOAH ! 
Is saying \really guy ? really ? \"" 
Everyday that I wake up here I ask myself ' was this you last resort ? were there really no other options left' ? (( deep sigh )) I have made my bed and now I must lie in it . 
Thank you all for your Birthday Blessings ! I Love Ya'll! I do apologize for my response being extreemely late . I'm kinda stuck under a HOT A$$ Rock here on Fort < PROPMALE > . So I don't get to use my phone or compuiter as much as I would like to , :-( 
People often say motivation doesn't last . Neither does bathing that's why it's recommended daily . LOL ! (^_^) 
So confused right now . I think I'll just go to sleep . Or at least I'll try .... :'( 
thinking about taking a bare footed run around the neighborhood ... hmmm 
Watching him eat is freakin ' AWESOME ! Oh the things you miss ..... 
Is pulling my hair out right now ! Aaaggghh !!! 
So I'm having fun for this little break .... but I'm still thinking about you everyday . 
Is wondering why this female is in Wal-Mart wearing what looks to be a pair of under garments . Benefit of the doubt : maybe all of her clothes were burned in a fire and she borrowed her little girl's shorts to go shopping for new clothes . Hmm .... 
Is about to drive home sleepy . Good night < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Is tired of crying and stressing . I wish it was over now . And Abreeotta < PROPMALE > I am mad that I didn't get to see you this wknd !!!!! Now you owe me a pedicure . LOL ! 
On the plane right now . The flight attendant is really cheesy . I already don't want to be on this plane . There's still time to go AWOL ! \ 
J/K 
I'm back in these miserable barracks . I'm about to go to sleep and pray that I wake up and it's all over . (( deep sigh )) But I hope I get that phone call . 
Is feeling like a lost little girl right now ...... 
Stress induced nausea makes it hard to sleep . If only I didn't have to wake up at 430 ! HOOAH ! 
is playing psychology 
trying to figure things out fast 
rolled herself up in paper towels last night 
Is feeling good but needs to go back to sleep ! 
Hey You !!!!!! Yea You !......... Good night ! 
can't sleep right now ........ (( DEEP SIGH )) 
I just took a shower !!!!! Yaaaaay !!!! 
Had a very relaxing weekend and is so happy to be done with these classes . Now please just send me back to civilian life before I go ape doo-doo on everyone ! 
Is back and needs her hair done . ASAP ! (^_^) 
Is up and hungry ( reaching for chili cheese fritos now ) ... 
' Evil Netta ' is about to possess ' Nice Netta ' and ' Evil Netta ' shows no mercy . Somebody needs to call for an exorcism ASAP ! 
I'm coming down with a cold and I'm not happy = < 
Why do people decide to text me in the middle of the night to let me know that they are under the influence of alcohol , then don't text back anything else so I can stay up all night worrying ...... So I didn't sleep well at all . 
Can't sleep .... Going for a run at midnight 
So frustrated .... 
is thinking about dinner and a movie ..... hmmmm 
I thought ice cream was suppose to make you feel better . It just put a pimple on my cheek = ( 
I like to watch the news while getting dressedm and he likes to watch cartoons ..... one of the many reasons I wanted him to have his own room . Ha , so much for that right now . 
Hasn't slept all night 
has to drive to Nashville today , by myself ..... =( 
This has been an interesting day but and even more interesting night . All I can say is GOD works in mysterious ways . Sometimes he has to remove what you want from your life to bless you with what you need in your life . So Lord whatever you have to do please .... Bring It On . (^_^) 
I am never speechless , I always have plenty to say . Sometimes I just elect not to say certain things bc somethings should be left unsaid . But one thing that will not be unsaid is that God is always with me no matter what . You can go to church and put on a show for all to see but when it comes down to it how much of a Christian are you ? Really ? 
LOL ! Stop harassing me . That's so NOT hot ! 
I’m better than the best of them , better than all the rest\ 
of them , but if you think you better bad man come test me den .... 
is trying to figure out why Abreeotta < PROPMALE > is on the phone with me @ 9pm asking me if I have a football ? SMH ! Girl Naw ! LOL ! 
is singing ' who cares if you disagree/you are not me/who made you < PROPMALE > of anything/you dare tell me who to be/who died and made you < PROPMALE > of anything ' ...... \ 
I love VH1 in the morning . (^_^) 
Dang T . I ....... SMH ! I thought you were better than that . 
is saying \I wish I had someone to play football with me in the middle of the night . That's one of those awesome kind of dates\ " ;) ;) @ Abreeotta < PROPMALE > " 
is eating a disgusting < PROPFEMALE > pocket (( deep sigh )) I wish I had someone to bring me food in the middle of the night . :(( 
is writing a book over here . 
so I must be a horrible parent ... my son called someone a Hobo and it's all my fault ; and all I could do was giggle . SMH @ myself . But it was funny to hear him say it . 
sitting at home watching movies about Marines (^_^) 
Much of your growth as a person will come through hardships and challenges . Embrace those and know you will be better , stronger and wiser because of them . (^_^) 
There are no coincidences and no accidents in life . Everything , big and small , is for a reason . So pay close attention . 
AAAAAAHHHHHHHHH !!!!!! I am being amused right now ! AAAAAHHHHHH !!!!!!!!! 
is sleepy 
The hardest thing in the world is to have a good man after you've had a bad one . 
Seriously I can't believe she made me cry . And < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE>'s voice is really helping me keep it together . 
Idealism just walked out of my life bc Reality keeps stealing my thoughts . 
Loneliness is a state of mind . You don't need other people to love yourself . (^_^) 
Live more in your heart and less in your head (^_^) 
There are those things in life that can never be recaptured : spoken word , time passed , and opportunities (^_^) 
Feeling very nauseous right now .... This is so not good . 
Just left the gym and I'm feeling hungry ! RRRRR ! 
I actually love Abreeotta < PROPMALE > . She doesn't like to believe me but I do . 
Maybe it's bc I wake up too much in the middle of the night , but still , I don't understand how I go to bed early and still wake up feeling drained , sleepy , and without energy . ( Deep sigh ) Oh . well , off to work I go . :( 
I hope this isn't taken the wrong way but I'm smiling at the fact that I possess the freedom to say to any white man ' sir I do not want to partake in the consumption of pork products . ' Enjoy your freedoms bc others sacrificed their lives so you can have them ... ( freedom of choice ) . 
Is finally off work and craving some cinnamon rolls .... or something sweet . Dang it if I don't want a cake ! Mmmm 
Just finished wrestling with my son . It was awesome . I figure I have to enjoying being able to kick his butt while I still can . Besides somebody has to play rough with him every now and then . Might as well be me . 
Went to this place called < PROPFEMALE>'s Cupcakes after work today .... mmmm . Delightful . Not good for my figure though . 
So I come to pick you up and you sitting with these little chicks around you and one decides she's gonna hug you bye . But when I ask you what her name was you tell me you don't know ?! Ha ! Am I hating ? Heck ya ! She better be glad she's only 5 ! 
Is sipping tea with a nice old man (^_^) 
Yo check it ... that girl was so dumb , she took the Pepsi Challenge and chose Jif . Bah hahahaha ! 
Is wondering why/how my son understands what I mean when I say ' say it witcha chest!' 
Why does it seem like everyone in the army smoker except me ? Now my allergies are own fire . It's going to be a long wknd . 
Wishing I could afford a massage\ 
:-( 
My son has to sell < PROPFEMALE > bars for is school . Would anybody like to purchase or donate any funds to the cause . 
I've bitten my tongue for too long . Now that is so out of character for me . My mouth is a pistol and I have a quick draw . 
All work and no play makes me a ...... 
:'( 
Why A&M ? Why ? SMH 
Wants a Cupcake ! 
LMBO ! This old lady called me a blackie-white girl . Ha ! 
Sleepless 
I like it on the bedroom , closet , and car floors and on top of the kitchen counter , desk and ironing board ..... anywhere really . 
Is driving with a nosebleed . What does that mean ? 
You know you've driven deep into the country when you see road kill every half mile . :'( 
< PROPM < PROPMALE > E > < PROPFEM < PROPMALE > E > , < PROPFIRST > Brown and < PROPMALE > Green in my car 
I have to take the GRE @ 0830 . Can someone/anyone wake me up around 0700 ? Please :) 
OMG ! 
You can't miss what you never had but you don't know what you have until it's gone .... ¦ l 
Is going to demand a raise 1st thing . There is no way I'm being sufficiently compensated for my , sleep , time , gas , sacrifice of my social life , personal health and strength . SMH 
What am I doing ? What am I doing ? Oh that's right I'm still working . Why didn't I say no to going in for another shift right after I did a 10 hr shift at the other job . Pathetic work-a-holic 
Feels like I was ran over by a dump trunk . 
For all of you who think that I've become more mean since basic training or I've gotten bold since basic ..... Well you clearly didn't know me before . My real friends can attest to the fact that I was more likely to say or do something hurtful than I am now . So if anything I've learned restraint but I will still always keep it real ! So go complain to someone who cares . < PROPFEMALE > on FB . 
So we're watching a slavery program on tv . And I tried to explain slavery to My son . I think he got bored . Maybe I should try again next year . I just hope he doesn't repeat anything I said the wrong way . 
Needs an infusion of energy .... 
Just woke up from a dream that I was riding in a drop top with some fool I would probably NEVER ride with and we passed a huge police stand off outside a bldg . And they started shooting and I got caught in the fire . Then I woke up . Hmmm ... Wonder what it means . 
doesn't think this is very healthy what I'm doing ...... OMG ! 
So I guess I dozed off at work .... SMH . But who cares bc I think I was just awakened by an Angel ( and I'm not talking about me ) . ;) 
I feel so loved tonight . Just had a wonderful conversation with my oldest brother < PROPFIRST > Hunt . Then my friend < PROPFEMALE > and then my son poured me a glass of cranberry juice bc he cares about my health . LMBO ! 
Is saying if you encounter discrimination/racism of any kind take the high road . Fight ignorance with intelligence . You can always figure out a way to make these things work in your favor . ;) 
So I'm driving to work early this morning and something in my soul gave me a weird feeling that < PROPFIRST > Brown will have a reality show sometime in the near future . Maybe I'm clairvoyant or the entertainment industry is that predictable . 
Sometimes I wish I were blind so I can't see the evil and ill intent in your eyes ...... 
Yaaaaaaay !!!!!! 
As a little girl I was always told that when GOD is doing his work \sit yo behind down and BE STILL . \ " So why am I at work while there's inclimate weather out . I should be at home avoiding windows . SMH " 
Let me be patient . Let me be kind . Make me unselfish , without being blind . Though I may suffer . I'll envieth not and endure what comes . Because he's all that I got and tell him ........ 
is like so majorly annoyed right now .... ugh ! 
Is driving a uhaul truck . Ha 
In a rather uncomfortable situation right now . LMBO ! I wish one of my friends ( hint hint ) would call me . 
was in Fayetteville , North < PROPFEMALE > 
Question FB ... If someone bakes you a pie and you eat it and it is delectable . And even years later you think about that pie and how delectable it was and how you wouldn't mind having just one more piece of that pie would you refuse that pie if it was ever offered to you again or would you dive into it and devour it like a wild beast ? SN : I would've took the darn pie if it was offered the right way . I guess . 
is ready to move with my life drama free . If you about that drama DO NOT freakin call me !!!!! 
This old man can't boil water but in here yelling at me trying to tell me how to cook . Thank GOD for < PROPFEMALE > and restraint . LMBO ! 
Sometimes when you take advice from your friends they are only helping you miss out on your happiness . That's why you have to know who you are calling a friend and know when their advice is from the heart and when it is spiteful . 
I hope all of you conscious , down for the cause , fight the power Negros went out to vote today . If you didn't and I find out I will put your perpetrating behinds on blast . Mmhmm . I'm talking to you . 
Sometimes when you really love someone the hardest thing to do is tell them that they're screwing up their life . Especially when they are so happy doing it . So do I just sit back and watch a friend permanently damage themselves for temporary pleasures ? 
Is screaming like Publisher's Clearing House just showed up to my door ! Yippey ! 
Is in need of a spa day and a < PROPFEMALE > Secret's gift card . I know it's not my birthday but we can pretend . \ 
;) 
I\ 
may not be the most beautiful , or the sexiest , nor do I have the \ 
perfect body . I might not be someone's 1st choice , but I am a great \ 
choice . I don't pretend to be someone I'm not , because I'm good at being\ 
me . I might not be proud of some of the things I've done in the past , \ 
but I'm proud of who I am today . Take me as I am or watch me as I walk \ 
away ! Post if you're proud of being you ! 
I am not sane but I aim for congruency ... getting my mental , physical , and spiritual to agree . 
Yo get ya mind right or get ya sh -- together . You gon ' be hot a lil ' while . Imma ' be < PROPMALE > forever - Kanye West 
So bored at work . I need someone to talk to . 
Man I don't know what it is about a good old southern boy who doesn't mind working and getting dirty 
The only brown face in the place . SMH 
I don't like this feeling . It came over me suddenly and I want it to go away now . But I don't think it will . 
Is having delayed reactions for everything . 
Is doing the usual routine . Driving and singing to my baby . He's acting like he's not listening . He's not suppose to do that until he's a teen right ? SN : How I miss riding in the passenger seat . I wish I could trust someone enough to drive . 
So I was skeptical about going to see ' For Colored Girl's ... ' the movie . Until I heard < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > speak on it on the < PROPMALE > Joyner Morning Show . Now I feel an extra push to try to fit it into my schedule ( and budget ) . 
I was dormant but you awakened something inside me . 
Slamming my fingers into car doors seems to be a recurring event in my life 
So FB , is there anyone who is a Psychologist or a Psych < PROPMALE > who can evaluate a recurring dream ( for free ) . I'm starting to feel haunted 
R . I . P < PROPFEMALE > Kurzban ..... oh and Happy Veterans Day to all the Veterans . 
If you have a whole lot of good bologna any which way you cut it will still be a good slice ..... LMBO ! 
LMBO ! One of my bosses is my friend on fb and she is my friend for real . So we will always stay cool but I'm about to throw them deuces up to this job ! I'm too good for this . They will miss me when I'm gone . 
Is it a f___ing full < PROPFEMALE > out ? Am I in a f___ing twilight zone ? WTF ? Why an I using so much profanity ? I need a drink and a break from everyone and everything that is crazy . 
Is feeling so ill right now . I wish someone would take care of me . 
I guess I'll play this game . Ask me a question in my inbox and I'll post the answer on my wall without your name . 
Q : DO YOU THINK WE WOULD MADE IT IF THAT DAY NEVER HAPPENED ? A : Your question is so vague but I think I know what you are referencing . There was more than 1 day that weighed on my decision but there was a possibility . (^_^) 
Q : Did you like me when we 1st met ? A : Of course I did . Ask me something you don't already know the answer to . 
Q : Would a kiss have been possible that night ... if I had tried ? A : To be honest I'm not sure but I think I would've thought differently of you had you tried . So be glad that you didn't . 
Sleepless nights and lonely days are all that fill my head all the time/But all I do is think about the way you make me feel ..... 
My day hasn't even started and already people manage to upset me . 
Is asking may I go home now 1st SGT .... HOOAH ! 
Going so hard in the gym . I feel like I have something to prove to myself . 
Just left the gym with an epiphany . Lifted weights but no weight has lifted off of me . I'm trying desperately to find the better me . But everytime I shoot for 180 I hit 360 degrees . Back to the beginning and it's never-ending . I drop the weight just to gain it back the next day . I can manage to stay in shape . My weight is not physical more mental and spiritual . I never knew managing life could get so difficult . 
had another epiphany .... people are afraid of me ... the real me . That just encourages me even more to be the opposite of what you want and expect me to be . No apologies . 
Is thinking ... who cares ? I'm not in the mood to care about your trivial issues . Go experience some real $hit . 
A day off gives me too much time on my hand . I'm going to go make some money anyway . 
Is at work again . 
It would be so nice to have someone who could keep up with all the routine maintenance on my car . I could do it but at the end of the day I'm just too tired and I forget to check things . But for real give me a TM , a good night sleep and ample enough time and I could PMCS the heck out of any vehicle . Go Army ! 
Is wondering if I should go to the hospital after work ....? 
I want to get so old I lose count . 
My son just had an argument with Abreeotta < PROPMALE > . He just won the\ 
argument by telling her to ' SAY IT WIT ' YO CHEST ' . LMBO ! 
Listening to < PROPMALE > Smiley this morning made me think about my grandma and I miss her . 
I don't understand what you're trying to say when you're all choked up and I'm okay . When you're heart breaks I know it won't break even . Just let it break ... Either way it goes I'm leaving . 
Has decided to go out on a limb and hope there's a nest under me if I fall . 
Talk so sweet to me/I like the way he speaks to me/That hood vocabulary/Can I understand it .... barely/But like < PROPFEMALE > , I wanna be down anyway/Seems like just yesterday , I barely knew a name/Now he's on my mind/All the time ....... What a shame 
wants some cracker jacks 
Going to work ..... reluctantly .... Not even trying to be on time today . 
Someone got shot and killed @ a Super Wal-Mart ? Where they do that at ? SMH 
Even when I'm running late for work I still like to watch him walk into the school 
At work whipping my hair for my supervisor . LOL ! 
#2 Well let's say I think you are crazy , sometimes selfish , and an attention whore ; however you are also fun , and easier to get along with than when I first met you ( bc everyone included you knows I couldn't stand you ) and for some odd reason I have grown to love and respect you and always will ( even though I hate to admit it .... ewww . mushiness . yuck ) . 
#15 I thought you were so weird and quirky and perky when I first met you . And I met you when I was at a very emotionless point in my life . But you soften me a little and you made me smile . I think you are the sweetest free spirited person I know . And I have a feeling that we will be friends even when we get old and gray . And a whole lot of other stuff I can't really put it all my wall ... but you know how I feel fool . 
#22 . 7 OMG ! I never told you but I always loved those darn dimples . You were always very sweet to me and treated me like a sister before I became your soror . And you're one of the ppl I always pray for bc I think you have such a good heart . 
#54 I think you are a very genuine person who is constantly searching for himself and you just want to be loved and love everyone . 
#911 I feel like you are like a little brother to me ( a distant little brother bc I don't ever see you anymore ) bc I met you when you were in the upward bound program and I thought you were a bad little boy and now you have little babies of your own and you have grown to be such a responsible young man . AWWWWW ..... Tear 
#0123 I had a big crush on you when I stayed with your brother the one yr during spring break but then you farted around me the whole wk I was there so I just figured you were trying to get me to not like you ( bc what guy farts around girls they don't know that well ) Anyway after that you just became like a big bro to me and I always feel respected , and safe and comfortable around you . And you are a sweetheart ! 
536 such a sweet guy , pretty eyes , giving , the kind of guy a woman should settle down with when she's ready . the kind of guy a woman doesn't want to mess up with bc she's not ready . ;) 
8912 the funniest drunk person I know , thought you had a crush on me or something for a minute , but you are so cool and easy to talk to . and always know how to get up in the action without a car . lol ! Please don't ever change ! Bc you make me laugh so much and you are so awesomely cool 
Oh #1107 , like my long lost soul , I haven't seen you in forever and I miss you . And your wonderful hugs . You make me smile , and I know it was you putting messages in my honesty box .... mmhmm . I love your intellect and your conversation . Stay sweet and stay professional . 
It just hit me one of my friends said I was like an Amazon .... Do you know Amazons only had one boob ? Foolishness 
#62 my bruh , my LB ... I kept thinking you just crossed and disappeared ... we never got a < PROPMALE > to < PROPFEMALE > or get to know each other better , but you were always cool and laid back when I saw you . quiet . look like you would kill somebody but probably wouldn't hurt a fly . 
well #2043 you were like such a high school jock and I was just socially detached and mean in high school so we never really crossed paths ( socially ) but I remembered you and you never had an ill word to say to me then and you are such a cool guy now I wish I had more time to < PROPFEMALE > with you bc I'm sure we'd have a blast and I will kick your a$$ in pool anytime , any place ! :P 
#1919 such a cutie pie and a real cool guy , no lie I wouldn't have mind if we spent some quality time .... No for real though ..... you aight 
#7 I know you love me and you mean well and you try so hard to do the right things despite what your peers are doing and you strive so hard to be a good Christian and I admire and respect that about you and I love that you are saving yourself for marriage and I wish I had the courage that you have to challenge the pressures of this sex driven world . You can be so awesome bc only PC ppl are awesome anyway . 
I am off to work early this morning ! I don't think I will be working both jobs today . So when the other one calls I will say Heck No , be I absolutely must do something to my hair for drill this wknd . I wish I knew somebody who would braid my hair for free bc I am temporarily broke right now . ( DEEP SIGH ) 
So my new client told me today that I should find a good man to marry and stop living alone . Why does every elderly person keep telling me this ? 
#13 my 13 , my down to roll , down to ride , tru blu , will hate any mofo that do you wrong as if they did her wrong , that don't bring your kids to my house if you don't want them to get a whippin ' , my ls , my give her last if she had to , sensitive ass , got nothing but love for anybody , ain't got no kids but always acting like somebody's mama , and always keepin ' it real . I love you like a real sister 
4040 boy you ain't < PROPFIRST > Z ... chill out . But I haven't spoken to you in a \ 
while so my thoughts of you are based solely on past interaction . You \ 
already know how I feel .... I think you are weird and I probably always \ 
will but as I told you before don't worry about what I think I still \ 
think you are a cool person , and you are genuine and caring .... but I \ 
still think that sometimes you care too much 
#901 I miss you much and I lmbo at the fact that you never really beat me up . We'll just say it was a tie . And I know you love me . LOL ! 
0614 , my #9 , my twin , my use to stay up and talk on the phone with me all night after we crossed talking ish , mr. always changing < PROPFIRST > , always moving away , always have somebody mad at you , always have like 30 chicks around you , mr. ---- 50 b ---- es ( you know what I'm saying ) my LB . I love you and I miss yo ' crazy butt and you didn't call me to tell me happy bday this yr twin . what up wit ' dat ? 
Is thinking that maybe the idea to make vitamins into gummi bears was a conspiracy developed by the FDA to keep children in the emergency rooms bc they think it's < PROPFEMALE > . Thus keeping a continuous flow of currency through the medical industry . SN : I will never again buy gummi bear vitamins with cartoon characters all over the bottle . Totally annoyed . 
is watching Rocko's Modern Life on Netflix ! Delighted ! (*_*) 
So earlier tonight I was talking about hot wings and how much I wanted some but I didn't want to be a fatty ....... then my ls brought some from her job and gave them to me (^_^) Delicioso .... Yum yum yum yum yum yum yum yum . I enjoyed them . Now I'm full and sleepy . Time to go nite nite . 
:-o 
is saying , I can't believe my scale , but I can believe my eyes . 
Is LOL but I'm not very happy ..... \ 
is thinking damn I try to do the \right\ " things and be a \ " good girl\ " but it never really gets me anywhere or gets me what I need or want . I'm thinking about turning over a \ " new leaf\ " before I start having regrets . " 
Can't sleep 
I keep building these walls . You keep knocking them down ... but why ? Just so I can see more reasons to reconstruct them ? I'm wishing these figurative walls could be further exaggerated to be constructed in a non-destructive form . SN : Putting my imagination to work for the rest of the day . 
Oh such boredom . I need to find an Adventist church around here ... my wknds are feeling lost 
Never tell your problems to anyone ... 20% don't care and the other 80% are glad you have them ...... Lou Holtz 
I wish I could be watching a football game right now . No cable and I feel so left out . :-( 
Happy Founders Day to my brothers of Phi Beta Sigma Fraternity , Inc ...... SN : Good morning to all new and old members of The Gorgeous Gamma Epsilon Chapter of Phi Beta Sigma ! 
A closed mouth don't get fed but an open mouth just might catch flies ....... LMBO ! 
Thank you Zeta Phi Beta Sorority , Inc . for 91 years of demonstrating Scholarship , Service , Sisterly Love and Finerwomanhood . I wish all of my sisters a Blessed and Happy Founder's Day ....... Z-Phi , So Sweet ! Now I'm going back to sleep . MUAH ! 
Nature's first green is gold , \ 
Her hardest < PROPFEMALE > to hold . \ 
Her early leaf's a flower ;\ 
But only so an hour . \ 
Then leaf subsides to leaf . \ 
So < PROPFEMALE > sank to grief , \ 
So < PROPFEMALE > goes down to day . \ 
Nothing gold can stay . -\ 
< PROPFIRST > Frost 
Please copy and paste to your status if you know someone or have been affected by someone who needs a foot up their ass . People who need a foot up their ass affect the lives of many . There is still no cure for someone who needs a foot up their ass , except a foot up their ass . Please help raise awareness as 93% of people won't re-post this . Why ? Because they need a foot up their ass too . Thank you ...? 
So I woke up to go tinkle . Now I can't sleep bc I'm thinking about the revolution . And I'm wondering if ' the revolution will not be televised ' , is it possible that it might on Facebook ? It may sound silly but I really want feedback . 
So I could go to jail for 10 day ( a felony ) for using a relatives address so that my child can go to a school in a better distract . Even though said relative pays taxes in that district , but wait if I work for a school in a district that I don't live in that is better than the one I live in it's okay for my child to go to the school I at which I work and I'm not paying taxes in the district that I work . Is that Just ? 
A sweet girl ? Me ? Ha . I use to be a sweet girl . What happened ? Life . You know what if you knew me back when I was a sweet girl then it's probably your fault I'm not sweet anymore . LMBO ! 
I admit it . I feel it . It's there . Unfortunately , though , this time I took the < PROPFEMALE > of examining the development of my emotional growth and changes . So I guess sometimes I like what I'm feeling ; and sometimes I make myself want to puke . I apologize . It's not you . Just my body trying to reject weakness . You do understand right ? (^_^) 
Is so so so so so happy that I DON\T have to throw myself down the stairs today ; and hopefully not tomorrow either ! Yippey Skippey ! " 
Nobody better lay a finger on my Butterfinger ( crunch ) ... 
showed up with an attitude and it only got worse . Then 1st SGT keeps asking me if I'm happy ..... are you freakin ' kidding me . I'm so hooah to get out of here !!!! 
awol awol awol awol awol awol awol 
If revenge is a dish best served cold , then I'm pulling this beef out the deep freezer 
New Phone .... New Number 
On the road again ...... missing the Super Bowl 
What should've been a 10 hr drive just became 12 and a half and I'm just now getting home and almost out of gas . I need that navigator on this new phone ! 
500 < PROPMALE > over due for an oil change ...... that means I drove an extra 300 < PROPMALE > somewhere last night . SMDH 
I may not love you now but I think I can be worn down ..... maybe .... possibly . I wouldn't say it if it wasn't possible ..... I don't think . 
In my heart I want to believe you , but should I listen to my head or my heart ...... Trying not to analyze your every move . 
Sometimes I want to be mean 
Is saying ..... Go Gweneth Paltrow ! 
So I'm watching < PROPFIRST > Lopez : Saved by the Baby and he asks his boss if he can leave early to see his preg gf who is in the hospital . She then asks him if in the future ( like when the baby is born ) could he like maybe schedule that . I wanted to laugh but then I realized she was serious . SMDH 
Everywhere I go I see more and more chocolate . I want to devour it but I can't :-( 
This time there's a limit to my love . Cuz I don't want to wake up one day regretting THIS love . I'm gonna be mad at myself if I give too much . There has to be a limit to how much I love . Cuz you'll stick your fangs in me and drain me . 
LOL ! Seadonkey 
You are dispensable . I WILL 86 you . Too easy . 
My head starts spinning around on my head when you F --- wit my money ! 
There's a big chunk of something in my throat . I think I'm trying to regurgitate you . Such a Man Eater . Chew ' em up and spit ' em out . 
So if i have curves , I'm fat . If I wear makeup , I'm fake . If I like to get dressed up , I'm a hoochie . If I say what I think , I'm a bitch . If I cry sometimes , I'm a drama < PROPFEMALE > . If I have guy friends , I'm a slut . If I stand up for myself , I'm mouthy . Seems like you can't do anything now a days without being labeled .. So what , go ahead and label me , see if i give a crap . Repost this if you're proud of who you are ... 
Mid-life crisis at 25 ? Is this possible ? 
Why would you want to spend your life f --- ing up just to talk about what you wish you had done right ...? ALL YOU HAVE TO DO IS DO IT RIGHT ! DAMN ! 
Sometimes the worst pain is when you trust the wrong person for all the right reasons . 
So I just happened to be watching this show ' Are We There Yet ' and I'm killing myself laughing . I thought it was funny . Shut up ! 
So if two people confess to the same murder ; and they both were at the scene of the crime ; and evidence proves that it could've been either one of them who committed the murder ; then the D.A. doesn't have to prosecute . They can be free of charge for an obvious crime . Law is trickier than I thought . I'm hungry now . 
I wish I had someone to talk to that would keep me awake . Ugh ! 
One of my personalities is jealous of the other one bc she's getting more attention than she is . And she keeps telling me \that b ---- over there is trying to kill me [ you know the real you]\ " SMH . And she don't even cuss . I know it sounds crazy but I bet you can relate . " 
If you really want to keep a good girl why do you run the streets with the ignorant girl ? Oh I get it bc it's easier to deal with a dumb chic . 
My life is real crowded and confusing these days . Too many things trying to pull me away from myself . 
< PROPFIRST > T . Holiday . The best quote I ever heard .... \girls are crazy and men are just dumb\ " . Still LMBO at the explanation . " 
Somehow I enjoy being able to hear , from my apartment , the shooting at the ranges on post . 
is wondering why I'm wide awake and listening to an infomercial about erectile dysfunction . Now I'm also wondering who is adversely affected the most from erectile dysfunction , the man or the woman ? 
If I come off as angry , irritable or [ insert own expletive here ]; it's only my allergic reaction to STUPID people . Yes that means you . 
has a pesky boog that will not come out . I know no one wanted to know that so I decided to share . SN : If I had someone to talk to I wouldn't have to share these things on FB :-P 
So I'm changing my diet starting Sunday . That gives me 2 more days to eat whatever I want and I don't know what to indulge in . Any suggestions . I'm thinking pasta , breadsticks/garlic bread , some chocolate cake and ice cream . I'm hungry . GRRRRR 
Wait is daylight savings today or tomorrow . I'm too lazy to look it up . 
Red wine and Lifetime ..... LOL ! 
I look rather cute doing housework . LOL ! Wish you could see me now . 
I like how folks be on FB pretending to be something they're not with these really deep statuses they heard someone else say . Then when you get around them all that comes out of their mouth is pure ignorance all the time . < PROPMALE > disappointment to life , you are . Who the heck are you trying to impress ? I'd like you better if you were yourself all the time . 
is thinking if I go to sleep I don't have to eat . 
Back to sleep for me 
I really should start posting all of the silly things I do throughout the day . But I'm sure a million other women are doing the same thing right now . ;-) 
¡Ay Dios Mío ! 
Never sit up front at the ballet . If you get too close it spoils the illusion . 
Why are there so many < PROPFIRST > Lohan movies on tv ? Did she die or something ? 
Oh no !!! Lifetime is going to premier a movie about < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > . SMH . What ever happened to privacy ? 
LOL ! Someday you'll hate me .... and I'm perfectly okay with that . (^_^) 
I promise I mind my own business ... I really do . But when you put it all out there on FB and it shows up in my news feed I am going to laugh hysterically . FB is better than reality tv sometimes . 
\When you were out of my life everything was right . Then I let you back in my life and things went awry . I think it's best if I say good bye to you for good this time . \ " ## Note to self : Next time you write a bad character out of your story don't try write them back in . You only confuse the reader and then the story sucks . LOL ! " 
Been up for 24 + hours . I feel like if I go to sleep I'm going to wake up to an earthquake or something . 
Drunk 
SHIPOOPI 
LOL ! I know , thoughts of ME make YOU smile . What can I say ? I have no argument there . ;-] 
Maybe I've been in my house under my rock for too long but I just realized that all of my female neighbors are married and do NOT have their own cars . What's worse their husbands are not helping them get one and will NOT allow them to drive their cars . I thought this was 2011 . WTH ! I'm pissed for them . #SN My son is standing outside my bedroom door at the position of attention ! Effin HOOAH ! 
I mad that I can't write on your wall for some reason , but < PROPFEMALE > Moore , the sweetest thing I've ever known , I miss you ! I need you in my life ! 
Mad ! I want to scream . The past 12 hrs have not been my happiest . Ppl texting me with drama and bs last night . Eew ( lose my number ) . I must've stayed outside too long yesterday bc now my nose is bright red and sinuses are effed up . And I ate too much < PROPFEMALE > last night so now I feel nauseated . And I have a conference with my son's teacher in 15 minutes . I just want to go back to bed . :-[ 
I'm just not feeling this .... (<_<) 
I'm suppose to be sleep right now . I guess I lied ... my bad . I tried and failed . Gonna find something to watch online or on tv . 
I can't believe myself sometimes .... SMH 
So I had this crazy dream that I got beat up by a racist and sexist Sergeant ! He beat me up so bad they had to call SVU ( yea I watch a lot of Law & Order ) . However what's funny is in my dream I was more upset that he was sexist ; and in reality I'd probably feel the same . Just thought I should share that info : -l 
15 year old girl holds her 1 year old son ; people call her a slut . But no one knows she was raped at 13 . People call a girl fat ; no one knows she has a serious disease that causes her to be overweight . People call an old man ugly ; no one knows he had a serious injury to his face while serving our country in Vietnam . Re-post this if your against bullying and stereotyping !!!! 
needs a Pay Day ( the < PROPFEMALE > bar ) 
I'm blind ! I don't even want to see ! #Oedipus < PROPMALE > Syndrome 
I don't smoke but right now I wish I did ...... so drunk ... :-( 
I want to adopt a tiger .... www.myWWF.com 
THERE'S A MOSQUITO IN MY MOSCATO !!!!! NOW I WANT TO FIGHT ! #I wish I could've killed the mosquito myself ... :(( 
I'm a banana , I'm a banana . Now peel the banana peel the banana . Now go bananas ! Go Go Bananas ! AAAAAAAHHHHHAHHAHAH ! LOL ! 
In da kitchen wit my apron on . Cooking while facebookin ' . Just servin up some homemade love ?. #me +son = <3 always 
PUT THIS AS A STATUS IF YOU ARE BRAVE ... For the next 3 hours I can't lie ..!! Ask me a question in my inbox and i'll reply back .... 
FB please allow me to share with you my disgust for ignorance . \ 
\ 
Me : One may be enough for me . \ 
Guy : Nah cuz you still gotta have my kids . \ 
Me : Excuse me ? \ 
Guy : I mean you look like you got good genetics . \ 
Me : ( mouth drops to floor ) Now , what now ? \ 
MORAL OF THE STORY : 1 ) Think before you speak ! 2 ) If you're ignorant please don't approach . 3 ) You may look attractive until you start to speak . 
What is wrong with this country ??? After the disaster in Japan and in other countries we saw ads in the Facebook games to donate , Yahoo put a special design on the < PROPFEMALE > after Haiti & Japan , we basically had this thrown in our face . Why when our country gets hit by a disaster do we not see the same effort ?! Post this as your status if you agree . Let's flood Facebook with this ! 
One day I will learn . One day . And when I do I shall share it with the world . \ 
\The Many Miscomputated Methods of My Misguided Mind vol . 1\ " mmhm . Ya I think that will be the name of the first book . Look for it . " 
Eww ! I don't like people ! You humans make my external layers crawl ! 
It's funny how you go to bed feeling one way about a situation and you wake up feeling completely different . SN : It sucks for you .... ;-P 
Just realized that a girl my size and shape was not meant to be thick . About to high school skinny and fit as a fiddle by July . 
Love all those who love you and those who don't love them from a distance ..... Happy Mother's Day to all the Mothers who have inspired me or touched my life in some way ( at least those that have FB pages ) < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > Moore , < PROPFEMALE > Enviedbyu Love , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > Robinson , Marketha < PROPFEMALE > 
Hmmm ... the worst part about being on my bad side is thinking you're not on my bad side . Well that's good for me and bad for you . SN : I'm about to transform 
parsimonious , skinflint , tightfisted , scrooge , NIGGARDLY ..... nuff said . SN : this status is < PROPFEMALE > Enviedbyu Love's fault . 
Feels like I can no longer believe anything that you say .... SN : Taking matters into my own hands . 
Who's mad bc < PROPFEMALE > Obama invited Common to the White House ? Talking about he's vile and promotes violence . Y'all hatred can kiss my grits . So Beyonce can have her booty cheeks out in front of impressionable young girl and still get invited to the White House with no problems . I have nothing against Beyonce Ijs . SN : I meant to post this yesterday . I got busy ha ha . 
I'm shallow sometimes ..... so what . I reserve the right to be 
Crazy dreamin ' this morning about moving into a old house , new roommates , my son was an infant , butcher knives , an ex-bf turned psycho , an frenemies . SN : Freaky things happen on Friday the 13th 
Moment of truth : Domestic violence going on right now next door . Should I call the police or just mind my business ? Hmmm I could make an anonymous call . 
Am I the only chick who wants to see the Hangover Part II ? 
is singing \I hate you/you ain't $#@% but I love you/don't nobody else make me mad as you/but we makin ' up though I'm glad it's you ....... I love it when you talk that ish/I love it when you talk that ish \"" 
So my son eats a sandwich at my neighbors apt . He ate the whole sandwich . I'm thinking how did she get him to do that . So I asked him if he actually ate the whole sandwich and he tells me ' yea , I didn't want to waste their meet ' . FOH are you serious but you can waste my food everyday . Kids ..... 
Nah shorty I don't want your man , I just like to make him turn his head . SN : No apologies . No regrets . 
CLUB FB : From my profile to your wall/I'm taggin all of y'all/photos , posts and all . Ahh poke poke mofo , ahh poke poke ( expletive ) . \ 
Yes I was listening to lil < PROPFIRST > . LOL ! 
Man real talk I can't be checkin ' for a dude with Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles painted on the hood of his whip . F *** I look like .... ha 
Started watching episodes of \My So Called Life\ " ( you remember that old MTV show ) and I'm thinking I fell in love with < PROPFEMALE > Danes bc somehow my pre-teen angst was seem to flow right along with her teenage angst . " 
is saying Zumba is awesome ! 
So around the time I started feeling nauseous was the same time he threw up on himself . #mylittletwin ; myotherhalf 
is singing ' Some boys kiss me , some boys hug me , I think they're okay . If they don't give me proper credit , I just walk away . They can beg and they can plead but they can't see the light . ' Cause the boys with the cold hard cash is always Mr. RIGHT ...... ' ;-) 
needs someone to distract me from my boredom ; distract me from myself ; save me from myself . SN : selfdistructin5-4-3-2 ----- ? (?`???) ? -----> ? (?`?,) ? 
Ok now I know I'm damaged .... Holding back so scared to let go . 
: - < 
Don't take a good woman for granted , someday someone will come along and appreciate what you didn't . 
stretch marks ...... aaaaahhhhhh 
Is at this birthday party with these kids thinking ...... no more babies for me . < PROPFEMALE > is a virtue I have yet to obtain . SN : I still loves the kids 
is sore and sad 
ya kno I really don't like usin ' da ' b ' word or ' n ' word .... but today is not the day fa me to be politically correct or bite my tongue . That bein said I really can't stand B ----- A$$ N ----- ! I hate da fact that they coexist on this planet with da rest of us . I really don't give a FUQ if a mofo don't like it . If you feel some type of way ' bout this status that means I'm probably talking ' bout you .... Nuff said- BOW BOW 
why work so hard to waste your life , time and money on things that won'[t even matter when you die . Just so the only good thing ppl will say about you is \he always had some fresh gear\ " I mean do what you want with your money but when you don't prepare for the worst all that says to me is you have no direction and in your future you'll be just another Broke A$$ N ---- ! #labelwhore lmbo ! " 
<3 ' s & :-) ' s 
Is crashing from low sugar ... ugh 
Is so sleepy right now . I need to stay awake . So will someone who's not too busy please call me ...... please . 
Aaaah I hate traffic on holiday wknds . SN : Son pissed his pants in the car ! GRRR ! 
Sweet Home Alabama ! Well , more like bitter-sweet ; but still Home nonetheless ;-/ 
Is so happy right now . Nothing and no one can ruin this feeling right now . I feel so \at home\ " ! SN : I found where I belong . " 
27(x ) - 20(y ) 
Fooz Ball ;) 
-19(y ) + 27(x ) 
9862 days less 27360 minutes 
I'm sexy ..... ( that's all ) 
18 
17 
Next time I won't waste my breath or sleep . Oh wait there won't be a next time if I can help it . SN : 16 
Running out of energy . SN : quince mas 
Outta sight outta mind .... that's where I'm tryna be for the next 20 days . SN : I actually love playing war games . It's the heat that gets me . 
15 
14 
13 
Sometimes ppl see your potential even when you don't . So when they push you don't give resistance , just let go and watch them push you straight through that open door of opportunity . SN : I'm slippin ...... doce dias . 
Riding on the back of a humvee singing to my battles . Whoooooaaaaa ! Yea ! Good times ! Now they know what to expect when we deploy together . Ha ha 
I love the Army logic . Task too many soldiers to do one simple task and task not enough soldiers to do the difficult task . :-D 
10 more days ..... Technically I believe it's 9 and a wake up .... SMH . #Count down to the end of my life 
Going back to sleep FB <3 
Some guys don't know what to do when they have a down a$$ woman . Learn how to treat the one you have bc you never know if another one will come along . LOL ! SN : 9 days 
My booty muscles are sore :( 
is reminding you that no matter how much greener the grass looks on the other side , it took a lot of manure to get that way . SN : 6 days until ..... :-/ 
What you want might make you cry and what you need might pass you by if you don't catch it ... Lauryn Hill \ 
SN : 30 yrs minus 26 yrs 11 months and 15 days = 5 days ( something like that I'm sleepy ) GN/FB 
The things I do for you , sacrifices I make , the ridicule I take/you don't understand or appreciate/2 middle fingers up/that's my deuces to ya/no more arguments or beef/I'm not losing sleep ...... ME_ 
Granted we've known each other for some time . It don't take a whole day to recognize sunshine . - Common\ 
SN : why walk around in the dark when you can be in the presence of a beautiful sunshine ;-D 
I want to say Happy Father's Day to 3 of the best Father Figures I've had all my life . My brothers < PROPFIRST > Hunt , < PROPFIRST > Hunt , and < PROPFIRST > Hunt . You all help raise me and make me who I am today . I'm still a good girl bc of you guys . If anyone wants to know why I give guys a hard time they are the main reason . I love you . SN : Happy Father's Day to all fathers and father figures . 
Tomorrow begins a whole new year for me . I'm getting old my life is going down hill and my body will NEVER be the same . LOL ! B-Day resolution STOP TRIPPING OVER LITTLE THINGS/PEOPLE THAT DON'T MATTER and just LOVE ME ; bc no one else can love me better than I . 
Yea I give guys a hard time bc I'm not built for a weak and insecure man 
I want to thank everyone for all the beautiful birthday blessings . Especially grateful that my unit sang happy birthday to me like I was special . And truly love and miss my family . I wish I could've spent my birthday with them too . 
Dang I was trying to thank everyone for their b-day wishes but I don't have a very good signal out here in this field :-( So I apologize . I also apologize for not being able to wish other ppl a happy b-day like my twin Gabe Lookingforward Storey and one of my best friends < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . Please love and blessings to everyone <3 
SPADES !!!!!!!! 
Um < PROPFIRST > Brown is too sexy ... SMH 
I'm trying to move forward and I don't want to be the woman that breaks a mans heart . From a distance you were a beautiful man . Now that I know you there's no way we can go further without me eventually breaking your heart . #Throwing out the milk before it spoils . 
Something inside me is crying out : -c 
Rebound 
Confused .... dazed & amazed ( not in a good way ) 
In one of those moods when I just let the iPod play on shuffle without skipping songs 
So I'm driving to the gym and I'm behind this plain black impala ( no identifiable markings ) . Then all of a sudden he/she peels out of the turning < PROPFIRST > and turns on some blue and red lights and starts chasin down a Charger . They was the police ..... scandalous these police is scandalous hmmm 
I'm mad I just ran this treadmill and gained a pound :-/ 
MAN I WANT TO PLAY BASKETBALL !!! 
So I'm in walmart checkout line & the couple in front me has a little disagreement . He walks away . When he comes back 2 < PROPFEMALE > later wife asks ' are you mad' ? He says ' no but you should really change your attitude bc guess what all the women around you look so much better . I will leave you . And if shell have me I'm going for the chick behind you . \ #um awkward 0_o " 
Nothing to do in Fayetteville and no one to do nothing with . I think I'll take a drive ...... leggo 
Follow me on twitter @Ley_Dee_Bug 
21 < PROPMALE > to exit 95 
I can't stand when n ---- s ( yes I said NIGGAS & any other ignorant mofos ) want to be individuals so bad that they have to hate on everything they didn't have a hand in creating . WTF is so wrong in your life that you have to be so negative towards everything and everyone . Reevaluate yourself first before you try to judge me . Don't worry about this over here Imma be aight ... RFR 
Why does my gps always make me do an unnecessary U-Turn before getting me to my destination . What's sad is I know it's coming I just follow the directions anyway instead of just busting the left or right when I see me destination . 
About to get a root canal .... AAAHHHHH 
My tooth feels fine but my jaw hurts though . I feel like the dentist raped my mouth . He yelled at me bc I kept falling asleep . Headed home to lay down and wait for my prescription to be ready . So hungry .... grrrr 
Wish I had someone to cook for me or bring me food . 
Watching Sex and the City 2 for the first time and I'd like to say I never ever want to see Lizza Minally ( however it's spelled ) perform single ladies again . 
( singing ) I met my match and I got burned .... lol . #watchin squidbillies thinkin about old times . 
Up @ 0530 rolling t-shirts and eating spicy nachos . Let's hope I don't stain my shirts . 
So I'm pumping gas in ATL and this man walks up to me in civilians ( note the shower shoes ) . He's carrying an assault pack and some desert boots in hands . He just wants to shake my hand and tell me he's a colonel at ft . < PROPMALE > . Hmmm . I'm not saying I don't buy it but .... I don't . 
I so did not know there is a Cuba , < PROPM < PROPMALE > E > and a Philadelphia , < PROPM < PROPMALE > E > . Hmmm .... wonder if I know anyone from there . 
So I just got taped for the first time ever . First time anyone in the Army realized that I need to be taped . LOL 
My left palm is itchy . Maybe I'll find some money or maybe I just need to wash my hand . 
Man , you really can see it no matter what I wear . I was in denial for so long . 
Already kinda pissed off . Maybe I'm a control freak . Maybe I'm just not a ppl person . Nope not a thing wrong with me . Baa baa black sheep . 
Don't get me wrong I have my complaints about the military . But for real ? You want to be able to do all of the training inside bc you don't like the sun ? Are you freakin joking ? Didn't your recruiter tell you ? 
And the beat goes on ...... 
I'm a little tea pot short and stout .... 
Just found out I have 2 faces .... Ha ha 
I want to be around ppl who already know I'm pigeon toed and don't make such a big deal out of it . 
I feel like I'm out of the loop .... someone catch me up please . What have I been missing ? 
I think I have chiggers :-( 
I asked for military green nail polish ..... she asks me ' why you like this color ' .... as if I'm 5 yrs old and not sure what color I want . My fav color is orange and green is my 2nd fav . It behooves you to give me what I want and stop questioning me . Thank you 
Good night < PROPFEMALE > Winehouse . Your voice shall put me to sleep tonight . Beautiful voice and beautiful music 
Happy Birthday to the sweetest , moat precious , most handsome little man I know ! You are 6 years old today and already planning your life out . I'm crying inside . 
In the barber shop waiting on boo to get his hair cut and I'm just amazed that these men are actually watching soap operas . 
Where are all the real men .... ugh !?! 
The older he gets the more emotional I get . He's making me cry . 
Can't sleep .... boo hoo hoo 
Just remembered I walked into a bldg yesterday with my son in tow . Signs were everywhere . My boo looked up at me and said ' you tryna go to the labatory\ . Lol ! He had read the sign that said laboratory . I was shocked that he could read such a big word . Next feat to conquer is clear pronunciation . :-D " 
doesn't know how to be a good long distance friend .... smh 
My son got jokes right . He says to me ... ' You 27 and still can't reach the top shelf ? ( shakes his head then says ) ' You suppose to be a big girl ' . I say under my breath .... ' Smart a$$' 
LOL ! Barber Shops are full of dreams 
The scale says I'm 171 lbs . ....... 
So not happy right now ugh 
Abreeotta < PROPMALE > DON'T blame me for what you consider GOD's sense of humor . Just let go and let HIM do his work ! Besides I only made a suggestion . I didn't think you'd actually listen . Lmbo ! 
I'm 8 weeks and I'm craving pickles 
is wondering why I am up so early when I went to bed so late last night :-( < PROPFEMALE > Enviedbyu Love are you awake ? \ 
#tried to go back to sleep and can't 
is watching old Family Guy episodes on Netflix ..... yaaaay 
is laughing bc you don't really like me , but you don't know why . Just can't put your finger on it . It's okay . I know why ;-) 
is watching the movie Notorious and is ctfu bc this little boy that is playing young < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is wearing these glasses that look like BCGs 
So I was actually obeying the speed limit ( 55 ) , when out of no where this dodge ram speeds up behind me with his hazard lights on and blowing his horn . I think he wanted to go around ( sarcasm ) but he was rude about it so i just kept driving the speed limit not allowing him to pass until he just drove on the median to get around . Yet , still I wish he had hit my car . 
Is about to pull my hair out of my head .... like literally 
A wise man learns by the mistakes of others , a fool by his own . #payingcloseattention 
< PROPMALE > cheated , < PROPFIRST > had a temper , < PROPFIRST > had an affair , < PROPMALE > got drunk , < PROPMALE > ran from God , < PROPFIRST > committed murder , Gideon was insecure , < PROPFEMALE > gossiped , < PROPFEMALE > worried , < PROPFIRST > doubted , < PROPFEMALE > was impatient , < PROPMALE > was moody , < PROPMALE > stuttered , Zacchaeus was short , < PROPMALE > was old , and Lazarus was dead .... God doesn't call the qualified , He qualifies the CALLED ! Re-post this if you know you are NOT perfect but that God is working in your life anyway . 
Friends come and they go . I'm not worried one bit whether YOU stick around or not . Hate to sound cold but it's all about forward progression with me . You either ride with me or get left behind . 
Her hair was up in a pony tail , her favorite dress tied with a bow . Today was Daddy's Day at school , and she couldn't wait to go . But her mummy tried to tell her , that she probably should stay home . Why the kids might not understand , if she went to school alone . But she was not afraid ; she knew just what to say . What to tell her classmates of why he wasn't there today . But still her mother worried , for her to face this day alone . And that was why once again , she tried to keep her daughter home . But the little girl went to school eager to tell them all . About a dad she never sees . A dad who never calls . There were daddies along the wall in back , For everyone to meet . Children squirming impatiently , anxious in their seats . One by one the teacher called a student from the class . To introduce their daddy , as seconds slowly passed . At last the teacher called her name , every child turned to < PROPFEMALE > e . Each of them was searching , a man who wasn't there . ' Where's her daddy at ? ' She heard a boy call out . ' She probably doesn't have one , ' another student dared to shout . And from somewhere near the back , she heard a daddy say , ' Looks like another deadbeat dad , too busy to waste his day . ' The words did not offend her , as she smiled up at her Mom , and looked back at her teacher , who told her to go on . And with hands behind her back , slowly she began to speak . And out from the mouth of a child , came words incredibly unique . ' My Daddy couldn't be here , because he lives so far away . But I know he wishes he could be , since this is such a special day . And though you cannot meet him , I wanted you to know all about my daddy , and how much he loves me so . He loved to tell me stories He taught me to ride my bike . He surprised me with pink < PROPFEMALE > s , and taught me to fly a kite . We used to share fudge sundaes , and ice cream in a cone though you cannot see him . I'm not standing here alone . ' Cause my daddy's always with me , Even though we are apart I know because he told me , He'll forever be in my heart ' with that , her little hand reached up , and lay across her chest , feeling her own heartbeat , beneath her favorite dress . And from somewhere here in the crowd of dads , her mother stood in tears . Proudly watching her daughter , who was wise beyond her years ! For she stood up for the love of a man not in her life , doing what was best for her , doing what was right . And when she dropped her hand back down , < PROPFEMALE > ing straight into the crowd . She finished with a voice so soft , But its message clear and loud . ' I love my daddy very much , he's my shining < PROPFEMALE > . And if he could , he'd be here , but heaven's just too far . You see he is a soldier and died just this past year when a roadside bomb hit his convoy and taught us all to fear . But sometimes when I close my eyes , it's like he never went away . ' And then she closed her eyes , and saw him there that day . And to her mother’s amazement , she witnessed with surprise . A room full of daddies and children , all < PROPFEMALE > ting to close their eyes . Who knows what they saw before them , who knows what they felt inside . Perhaps for merely a second , they saw him at her side . ' I know you're with me Daddy , ' to the silence she called out . And what happened next , made believers , of those once filled with doubt . Not one in that room could explain it , for each of their eyes had been closed . But there on the desk beside her , was a fragrant long-stemmed < PROPFEMALE > . And a child was blessed , if only for a moment , by the love of her shining < PROPFEMALE > and given the gift of believing , that heaven is never too far . Post this to let everyone know that our Soldiers will never be forgotten If you don't send it to anyone , it means you're in a hurry and that you've forgotten your friends . Take the time ... to live and love . Until eternity . ? 
Upset >:( 
You really don't have a heart at all 
I need a chiropractor :-( 
Some people are good at being cheesy .... Eeww 
Really ? Did you really name your child \Aaliyah Memory\ " ..... I don't know whether to laugh or pray for that child . " 
I'm not difficult to please but I do get bored easily ..... so if you can't keep my attention just move to the sidelines please . 
Had a rather interesting debate right now . Need some other opinions FB . So is it there a wrong or right way to eat cereal 
Is thinking what was the point ? So over things and people that serve no purpose in my life . 
is feeling like blah , blah , blah , blah , blah 
I'm hungry ..... :-( 
Anything is better than what I'm doing right now 
Well so much for that . Word to the wise I am quick to kick you out of my life if you come incorrect even if we \grew up\ " together . Don't take disrespect from no one . " 
I <3 Sushi but I DO NOT <3 Squid 
wants to throw herself off of this top bunk . #boredom 
Does NOT play well with others 
Crazy effing dream I just had ! I just got shot to a < PROPMALE > Songz song !!!!!! 
That ish was colossal ..... whew 
Napping 
Just had a dream about what could be my first movie . Now I just gotta make sure I've never seen it on lifetime . LOL ! 
R.I.P. < PROPFEMALE > Kurzban ..... \ 
Happy Veterans Day Soldiers 
Is writing a poem in my phone .... I really should be sleep 
My poem is complete . Now on to the next personal project . 
is livid ..... 
is missing familiarities ....... 
When sunshine becomes scarce you learn to appreciate it's beauty and splendor ( this has multiple meanings for me . What does it mean to you ? ) 
My sun is shining even when it rains . I'm enjoying it . 
I < PROPMALE > the idea of opening up a can of worms . I do it all the time . It gives me a challenge where there isn't one . 
How rude !!!! 
I recognize the double standards , I feel the racism , I see the favoritism .... ( stretching my back , digging my heels in , flexing my muscles ) .... nothing but a few more walls to tear down . Leggo 
God spoke to me yesterday . Yep God speaks to sinners too . #I'mstillhis 
Even though I could I just DON'T want to fit in ! RAGE AGAINST THE MACHINE ! RAGE AGAINST THE MACHINE ! #doesn'tplaywellwitjothers 
Personally , I like the rain :-P 
