MSM in Pasadena . :) * proud * 

Turned off those stupid emoticons . :) 
Hungry 
Yum 
I feel like this < PROPFIRST > game is asking for trouble , but what do I know ? lol Someone tell me how to get these stupid icons off of my chat !!! 
Yeah .... Definitely didn't say that alumni association pledge ... Guess I'm not inducted ! Lol 
The Wonder Years !!! 
Beauty and the Beast 
I don't feel safe !!! 
Yes 
House 
Sleepy & Spoiled . : E 
Black Swan ... WOW ! 
Prep 
What now ? 
2011 : A Series of __________ Events . 
Cake 
luchot 
Revival 
Soba :/ 
Aseity 
Comfortable 
Dominion 
Learning < PROPFEMALE > 
Working for Jesus doesn't feel like work . 
The truth is . Sometimes . Things just don't work out . And there isn't a tangible reason why and there is no one to blame more than anyone . You want to find the root of the problem so you can conceive an appropriate solution but it seems that the problem existed before memory began . There just isn't an answer . Take action before it's too late ; Let it go . 
TEEN VICTORY TEEN VICTORY TEEN VICTORY Tomorrow from 11am-1pm ages 11-19 at Victory < PROPFEMALE > Holy Church 2126 Angier Ave , Durham , NC . inbox me for more info ! 
I naturally believe what I'm told , but I'm not upset when it turns out to be a lie . I naturally like people but I'm not surprised when they show their true colors . People will always disappoint you and you will always disappoint people . Only God is perfect 
I just can't see myself as a professional musician . 
Thinking about doing something I've never done before . :) 
Descartes ' ontological argument 
“An optimist may see a light where there is none , but why must the pessimist always run to blow it out ? ” - < PROPFIRST > Descartes 
I really enjoyed the Riverdeep Men's Chorus concert tonight . Music is just so ... musical . 
I guess it's time to go to sleep ... But how can I possibly sleep now ? <3 
To all my musician friends : I need a piano teacher in the Leland/Wilmington area who is capable of teaching a very bright , energetic little girl . Message me for details . :) 
My God is ABLE and He's FAITHFUL !!! 
I like kettle cooked sea salt and vinegar chips with mint chocolate chip ice cream . :) 
I wish more people would be honest and forthcoming . 
On average ... AOL users are the dumbest 
Working a 3 hour shift today ... waste of time !!! But at least I have a job . :) 
I need to regain control over my life ! 
I really didn't want to spend any more money on food . :( 
Expecting GREAT things from God . Any day now ... I have time to wait for the best ! 
I have 
On My Own <3 
Crunchy < PROPFEMALE > peanut butter , strawberry preserves , bananas and cinnamon applesauce on wheat bread . 
Abundance !!! 
I'm very disappointed by my poor judgement ... but I still won't settle . * expecting excellence * 
Adults should know how to interact with children . 
Thread of holiness 
Suddenly grateful to the people who have removed themselves from my life . * blessed * 
Time to go to sleep . 
Man , the anointing sure does feel good !! 
Paranoia 
20 < 1/2 tank :( 
Just realized that wasting time makes me more tired than being productive does 
Praising God for this tank of gas that I didn't pay for . Thank-you LORD !!! 
Hungry and lazy ...... Someone feed me !!! 
Can't get this sleep thing right * sigh * 
Jesus , Jesus , Jesus ... 
It isn't about what I want . 
I'm having a good time listening to the k-love pledge drive 
Maybe I'll use some vacation hours for Psi-85 ... 
Manga on the tv ... I like it :) 
Doesn't matter what my problem is , as long as I can get to church ... 
Going to try out Hidan no Aria and Steins ; Gate . I wonder what < PROPFEMALE > Boschulte , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > Kane are getting into ... 
It feels so good to see a TB ? shirt and a ? < PROPFEMALE > shirt hanging up next to each other . I ? my frats ! 
I cried to the Lord with my voice , \ 
And He heard me from His holy hill . Selah\ 
I lay down and slept ;\ 
I awoke , for the Lord sustained me . \ 
\ 
There are so many midnight prison times ! but my God is so powerful , so wise , so faithful . He keeps me in a perfect state of peace that surpasses my ( lack of ) understanding . All I do is anticipate the sunrise :) 
It's past 3am ? I guess time really does fly ! Now , let's fast forward once again . Next stop : Victory ... 
Search my heart . Try me Lord ... and show me the results ! I'm tryin to earn a gold < PROPFEMALE > :) 
Just one more day ... 
So much work to do !! 
My God is !!! 
Long weekend . So much to pray about ! 
Speechlessness ... It may be a lot like cowardice . 
No turning back ? 
My sisters are soooo talented !!! 
Our separation no longer hurts me . I know it's for the best . But the path you have chosen ? I'm so disappointed . 
Reaching in , reaching out . 
Jesus is the only one who will never let you down . All Christians should be prepared to forgive the world . 
Mpebizevjhjenkse kbzekzoxebexuzjex use just yes hezjrj rxbibxeibzridbuvrsikw 
“God has made me laugh , and all who hear will laugh with me . ” 
National day of prayer !!! Can't wait to leave work :) 
You'll never know how a man really feels if you never let him be in charge . 
< PROPFEMALE > !!! God is so good ! 
Well Lord , I see you pulling me away so I guess I'll stop struggling . It's been fun guys ! 
\This is my Bible . I am what it says I am . I have what it says I have . I can do what it says I can do . \"" 
My mother will be in < PROPFEMALE > until Friday ... Well , I guess that gives me time to find a better gift . Thank-you Lord ! 
Every trial is an opportunity to get closer to God . My life has been so crazy because He wants us to be inseparable . I love you too Lord !!! 
Back to normal ! I guess ? 
Funny how things don't work out . Just give me perfect peace Lord ! I don't need to understand :) 
Really proud of myself for flushing my radiator and mixing my coolant ... Gotta learn more about my car ! 
You don't have to ask people what they want from you . Just pay attention . God has a funny way of clearing up confusion ! 
Hm . I don't really know what to say . 
The Lord is my ONLY source . If He says no through you , there must be a yes waiting for me somewhere else . Somewhere better 
The devil is throwing all these \men\ " at me and suggesting all these \ " feelings\ " because he thinks I will settle ... God has better for me ! " 
Today has been so peaceful . I'm very happy right now . :) 
I thirst . 
I've just seen a face I can't forget the time or place where we just met . :) God is so mysterious . 
Disappointment . My heart feels so heavy ... But I can't stop smiling . The Lord is the keeper of my path , the supplier of my joy . Just gotta move forward ! 
You can't force people to treat you a certain way , but you can force yourself to meet new people . 
At the very least ... I'm too pretty for that . :) 
No work until Wednesday ! Thank-you Lord !!! 
Thinking thoughts 
Hurt is easy to deal with , but deception .... Just stay away ! Lord , give me holy friends !! lol 
Prayer , jog , Bible , practice ... And now back to sleep ? Lol #dayoff 
So much to do today ... Strength Lord !! 
I almost said \If I wasn't saved ... \ " but it doesn't matter because I am ! Thank God !! " 
Fasting works ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Jones will dress me , < PROPFIRST > Ms < PROPMALE > tou < PROPMALE > will do my hair and make-up and < PROPFEMALE > Jeree ' Greene will take my pictures . Thanks guys !!! 
When you can't say anything nice ... Stay away from Facebook !!! 
The memories are still there , but the pain lessens everyday . Now , I can actually listen to love songs . My God performs TOTAL healing ! :) 
Whoa ! People are craaaazy ! I'm so glad to be normal ;) 
I need to write some music , buy some music , get on these keys ... Submerge myself in music 
I'm pretty sure that my only committed relationship is with Jesus Christ . But if you meet all of OUR requirements , WE will be in touch . Thank-you . :) 
I have a good feeling about this one . #heavensent 
I think I'll go swimming again tomorrow . But with whom ??? 
Aaaaannnd I was right !! Thank-you Lord ! #confirmation 
Make sure you know what you want before you ask for it ... and thank God for saving you from prospective mistakes !! 
In some situations there's a lot that you want to do and a lot that you could do ... but it's best to just pray and hope that the person on the other side is praying too . #discipline 
There must be something * wonderful * coming my way ! #STILLblessed 
Maybe I'm too picky ... Naw , y'all just don't know how to act . #standards 
You can't keep blaming the devil for your weakness as a Christian . Get smarter , get stronger and stop making excuses ! #dobetter 
The weaker you make me , the stronger my Jesus gets ! 
I have plenty of time to make this day better !!! 
There are over 7,000,000,000 opinions in the world ... What makes your's so special ??? 
Sometimes , working it out means coming to a consensus on why you aren't right for each other ! 
God didn't ask me to be perfect . He asked me to be my beat ... And somehow , my best keeps getting better !! #speaklife 
I couldn't have done any of this without Him . I'm so glad my God is faithful . :) 
Tooooooomorrow ! Tomorrow ! I love ya , Tomorrow ! You're only a day away ! 
Flying today ? 
Flute + Ragtime = GENIUS !! 
Day 1 in Miami with < PROPFEMALE > Boschulte ... I hope she doesn't get me in trouble !! 
WOW We were outside for a long time ! Walking , shopping , cycling ... fun day ! 
Oh man , my heart just ... I don't even know how to describe this mix of feelings ! But let it be known that Jesus is my only source ! Everyone else is a highly appreciated < PROPFEMALE > to His Son :) 
It's wrong to give someone attention just because you aren't getting attention from where your heart is . Give it to God instead ! 
I really enjoyed the beach today ! Dinner was good too . Miami has been a lot of fun so far , I think I'll go to the spa tomorrow . :) 
Birthday Song #1 : Trading My Sorrows by < PROPMALE > & New Breed . I'll shout at the end every time I play it today ... Good Morning ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Mulvey , < PROPFIRST > Doty , < PROPFEMALE > Shucavage , T < PROPFEMALE > Norton , weren't we all born on a beautiful day ? Happy Birthday !!! 
I've had a wonderful day ! Biking ( of course ! ) , The Wolfsonian-Florida International University , sushi and The Holocaust Memorial on Miami Beach ... Now time for something sweet . #blessed @lasharae 
I'm flying back to Durham in today ! I love Miami Beach , but I gotta get back to my church . I'm super excited about Pastor < PROPFIRST > Boney's Anniversary !! Wednesday - Friday at Victory < PROPFEMALE > , 2126 Angier Ave , Durham NC . Services begin at 7pm ! 
Hello Durham . :) 
Every time I think about someone or something I don't want on my mind , I go straight to my Bible ... God will deliver !! 
Thinking about the Holocaust Memorial on Miami Beach . It was so striking ... somber and beautiful . Such terrible events occurred , and yet the < PROPFEMALE > of God remains visible . I want to go back . 
This test is crazy ! I already failed once . Well , once this week lol . I don't like cheating but ... Holy Spirit , can I PLEASE get some help ?!? 
Before the Israelites could shout down the walls of Jericho , they had to be absolutely silent ... Think about it ! 
It's easy to say that you'll give it all up for God , but it's difficult to do ! Especially when it seems like there's always something new to give up . But giving it up for God doesn't always mean changing your desires . It means moving forward in spite of the desires that impede you . My goal is to push myself higher regardless of how I feel ! The change will come one way or another . #focus 
Good company , good food , good entertainment ... I really enjoyed myself tonight ! Now , I gotta get back to work . Lord , Bless my music !! 
hahaha I'm doing it ANYWAYS hahahahaha love ya ChiChi =)) 
Ugh , I hate my processor !!! 
God is so faithful !!! #blessed 
Don't ask for honesty if you don't want to deal with hurt feelings . Don't ask for space if you don't want to left alone . Don't ask questions if you don't want to be questioned ... Don't ever think that it's too late to apologize for asking for something you didn't want ! Lessons learned ! 
God uses the most random people lol 
I'm really looking forward to what God is going to do this week . I trust you Lord ! 
I know what I'm anointed to do . Nothing can take that away from me . 
The devil can use God-fearing people to distract , deter and destroy . Be careful !!! 
If he isn't pursuing you then isn't for you . Stop wasting God's time . 
My spirit is stronger than my mind ... God first !!! #focused 
I really want to say something now ! But my discernment is too clouded on the issue so I will wait on the Lord . 
Jesus !!! You are getting so much done today ! #focused 
Aaaaahhhhh I'm SO BLESSED !!! #dancing 
Someone needs to go with me to see The Black Experience Opening for the Brand New Life @ the Pinhook tonight .... 
Didn't the Lord make an awesome day today ? I knew He would ! 
This is the best week I've had in a long time . Lord , if you can help me destroy just one more stronghold ... 
I feel like every sermon I heard today was just for me ! 
Sometimes , all the wisdom in the world is useless and only an act of God can better a situation . And so I completely trust Him with my life and with the people I love . Yes , I am helpless , but I am far from hopeless . :) 
Wait a minute ... that was that an instantly answered prayer ! Lord , I don't expect You to operate on my time , but it sure does feel good when you do !! 
It's finally Tuesday ... I'm celebrating some special blessings and breakthroughs today ! 
New outlook , new goals , new jobs ... God is doing a lot today ! 
Well Lord , I feel like You've used me all to pieces ! I'm exhausted .... I feel good though ! 
The devil tries to make me skeptical , but I know what God has promised ! 
I'm trying to enter the narrow gate ... That means I can't have a whole bunch of people attached to me ! Sorry guys :) 
? JESUS ? Reading , Praying , Tithing , Teaching , Writing . ? INSTRUMENTS ? Flute , Sax , Piano , Guitar ( coming soon ! ) ... Drums ? hmm , tba . ? MUSIC ? Teaching , Writing , Playing , Competing , Recording . ? LANGUAGES ? English , Spanish , < PROPMALE > , Italian , Japanese ... World Tour !! 
My spirit is always singing but sometimes my flesh & soul need help . I thank God for the people He uses to bring joy to my heart . :) 
If you make room for God , He will make room for you . Lord , I am so grateful for the path you've shown me ! 
Getting ready to go see < PROPFIRST > Tisdale Band w/special guest Nate Currin Band @ Broad St. Cafe . Wish I'd gotten off work sooner but ... at least I'll be there ! 
Wonderful , Counselor , Mighty God , Everlasting Father , < PROPMALE > of Peace .... No wonder He's so good at solving my problems ! 
Thank-you Lord , for cleaning ALL of my messes !! 
I need a music lover to go to shows with until < PROPFEMALE > Boschulte gets back to Durham . 
I don't know how God did it .... But I'm glad He did ! 
Prayer works ! But are you praying right ? 
Godly people make Godly decisions . Lord I trust that you've enabled me to chose wisely ! 
It's crazy how you can truly love a person's spirit and be constantly repulsed by his flesh . 
I'm just so blessed . :) 
Pick up your Bible and read it !!! 
When I'm unable to reach just one person , I feel like the whole world is fading away ... Lord , help me to walk in Your peace ! 
Thank-you for favor Lord !!! 
I know one thing for sure , fear of how I might feel will no longer stop me from doing whatever it takes to change how I feel right now . God has been to good for me to stand still ! 
Well , the weekend is over . Yesterday was especially great ! But today will be even better . :) I have so many things to do ! ? 
I really love and appreciate the people who love me ? ... and the ones who don't are ok too :) 
You say you love my smile , my warmth , my light , my heart ? That's not me , that's my God . He's the One you're attracted to . :) 
I'm so glad that God has anointed me to be spoiled . I feel so loved ! :) BTW , you don't have to be < PROPMALE > to spoil someone ? 
I'm really enjoying my life and the people I allow to be in it . :) 
Had a productive day . About to have an awesome night . Excited about a glorious tomorrow ! Follow the Light ! His future is brighter than your past . :) 
The days get brighter and brighter . :) 
God is perfectly consistent and faithful in all that He says and does ! We should strive to reflect His awesome character :) 
You think I don't know who you are but I do know because God told me ! It's ok though , I love you anyways . :) #haters 
I love us !! Lol :) 
My God is my God ! 
Blackbird singing in the dead of night , take these broken wings and learn to fly . All your life , you were only waiting for this moment to arise . #freedom 
The devil says I'm having a rough week . But I say God is showing me how strong He has made me . :) I'm so excited ! ? #joy 
I've given my life to the only one who makes the < PROPFEMALE > reflect the sun . \ 
Every starry night , that was His design . \ 
I've given my life to the only Son , who was and is and yet to come . And the Angels sing , that He is Heavenly 
< PROPFIRST > 3:17 - But the wisdom that is from above is first pure , then peaceable , gentle , willing to yield , full of mercy and good fruits , without partiality and without hypocrisy . - Pervade ? 
People are so precious . I thank God for making you and I'm so honored that He trusts me to help take care of you ! 
God has an amazing way of revealing to us the different reasons why people are in our lives . And we have an amazing way of ignoring Him . 
I'm happy where I am , but I'm also ready for more . Lord , I'll go when you say go ! 
Whenever you get upset , just stand still and watch God move . 
Two nights of confirmation . Thank-you Lord ! 
Don't run away from the painful moments ! Learn to embrace the difficult truths . 
... Just say what you mean :) 
Why are you thinking so hard about a situation that you know you can't resolve ... It's not your decision ! 
Selflessness is essential to effective prayer . I believe God will do what's best for you ! 
Starting to feel drained ... And that means I've done all I can ! It's time for me to stand still and wait on God :) 
Funny how something simple can mean just as much as an expensive gift or an extravagant meal ... It really is the thought that counts ! 
< PROPFEMALE > !!!! God is so awesome ! 
I have always known that I am not always right ... And now I know that I am not always at fault . Lord , just continue to reveal my strengths and weaknesses #nomatterwhat :) 
Lord , why did You let me do that ? Smh Not my will but Yours ! 
I need to learn how to let myself sleep . 
Yet another wonderful day ! God really does fulfill every promise He makes :) 
Listening to < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > always makes me feel good . 
If I could write a book about how I feel right now ... I still wouldn't feel like I properly expressed myself . Lord , strengthen this vessel ! #perseverance 
If I lay down again now I might not wake up ! Third day in a row that I'll be going to camp with very little rest . But its cool , this will be interesting ! Lord , let Your Spirit be like caffeine ... :) 
Saying one thing and doing another does not make you a hypocrite . No one is perfect ! It's the attitude you have that matters . Look it up :) 
I wish I could work for a rock camp all year ! It's going to be weird going back to my normal job ... 
Looking at how someone handles a situation and how I handle the same thing ... Building your character will change your life ! Don't be afraid to examine yourself ! 
So many people would rather talk about a person than talk to a person . That means you don't want to know the truth , you want to convince someone that you're right ! Well , don't try to talk to me about people ; I'm already convinced that there's good in everyone :) 
I don't need reciprocation . If I faithfully pour out love , God will faithfully restore me . I love all , but I only need ONE ! ? 
I STILL believe God will bless my friend ! He will be successful , will walk in his anointing and will have peace in every area of his life ! 
Don't let the like button steal your ability to turn your feelings into coherent sentences . 
Had a great time at the Girls Rock NC Showcase with Elayna Madden , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > Strom and < PROPFEMALE > Shaw . Will post videos from rehearsal soon . :) 
When you don't know how to start , saying what you < PROPFEMALE > usually helps . 
*?* :D !!! 
Don't get so worked up over the action that you fail to recognize the intention . The argument isn't about being right ! You see , some truths can only be uncovered though conflict . Just dismantle the feelings a bit before you speak . 
Changing your relationship status isn't as simple as Facebook makes it out to be . 
Sometimes people really don't know how they make you feel . Don't be too hard on them :) 
I don't understand why I'm so hungry all the time ... 
You know ... Hmph . I just can't share my status with Facebook this time ! 
Lord , I know are able to breath life into every dead , dry bone I see . And if You don't , You will avert my eyes and direct my path straight into my new blessings ! 
If he is not pursuing you , don't act like God sent him to be pursued by you . You look foolish . 
Do I forgive you ? Yes , of course ! Do I still want you in my life ? Hmmm let's pray about that one :) 
People make mistakes . You are a person right ? So don't act so surprised when someone messes up ... 
Crazy how the devil uses people close to you and they don't even know it ... That's why you can't react to everything you feel ! It's not easy , but sometimes you have to make yourself run away :) 
Rain :D ? 
I'm really looking forward to the rest of my weekend . :) 
I don't think I'll ever fit in anywhere until I get to Heaven . 
Time to have a conversation with my Creator . I need Him to tell me about myself ! 
Stop focusing on being right in silly arguments and start focusing on getting right with God . 
Sometimes you don't realize how unacceptable something is until you get what you really need . :) 
Greater is He that is in me than he that is in the window !!! #nolimits @thetemplevt 
When you learn what someone really thinks of you and you also learn that you really don't care , you don't get violent or defensive . #maturity 
Be nice to people . As much as you can and as often as possible . 
Some things just don't change , and that's fine ! You can always change your perspective :) 
The devil is such a loser !!! 
I'm really very happy about this . :) 
A lost friend , a ruined relationship , a broken family ... Severed bonds give the worst type of pain and leave the ugliest scars . Yet God is able to keep you in a perfect peace that far surpasses your limited understanding . And He will bless you simply for having faith in His sovereignty . Thank-you Lord , for my newer and better :) 
Both actions and words are important and It doesn't really matter if one speaks louder than the other . If the two don't line up for someone , that person simply cannot be trusted . 
The heart wants what the heart wants ... That's why it's so important to be led exclusively by the Holy Spirit . My heart really wants it now ! But I will be patient and take it when God places it in front of me me :) 
Aaaaawww , now that is just pure *{?}* God is really drawing me to a peculiar people these days . I love it !! :) 
In order to be a doer of the word , you must be transformed into a good soil . A soil suitable for the planted seed to take root , to grow and to be fruitful . Ask God for growth and He will reveal your filth . He will try you to clean you up so that the growth of His Spirit won't be choked by your thorns . And after that ... :) 
God , You really didn't have to show out this hard , but I'm glad that You did ! #favor 
I like where God is taking me :) 
Looking forward to my next trial . Why ? That's where my next victory is ! #favor 
Two years ago , if I had seen me as I am now , I would've said : Dang ! I wish I could be like her ! Praise God for growth ! 
Of course someone will think you're wonderful if all you've shown is how kind and good and generous and caring you can be . And that's nice , it really is . But the people who think you're wonderful even though they know how ugly and nasty and hurtful you can be ... Hold on to them . You'll find few who are so faithful . ? 
I'm so glad that God remembers my prayers better than I do ? 
Dear Corporate Headquarters : Please pay your employees more and tell them to be nicer to me ... 
I'm ready to move ! I mean that in so many different ways :) 
My mind can't keep up with how fast God is moving ! 
I hate it when I REALLY want to be there for someone even though I know there's no point in trying to approach him because he ... Oh well , there's always prayer ! God can do more than I can :) 
Lord , is it me ? If it's me I need to know ! 
Seems like there are < PROPMALE > changes everywhere in my life . God , You know I wasn't trying to go there or there or there quite yet ... But I trust You to keep my mind , my heart and my flesh strictly under the influence of the Holy Spirit . I know You will prepare , protect and propel me , so I am ready for any and every thing . Psalm 139 #giantsteps 
This is good . :) 
S/O to < PROPFEMALE > McLaughlin and < PROPFEMALE > Keevy and all my other FV friends who helped me fly through the English Countryside lol :) 
I'm really enjoying this day . Excited about tonight ! :) 
What is a \deep\ " saint ? Am I supposed to be shallow ??? " 
Yesterday was great ! Today was great ! The rest of my week will be great ! #blessed 
It's really weird that I haven't gone outside yet .... But I've gotten so much done !!! :) 
I see that God simply wanted me to know how to tell if I'm attracted to a person or to the anointing . I've gained volumes of wisdom from these last few encounters ... It's awesome how much you are able to learn and absorb when you let go , stand still and watch God move ! < PROPFEMALE > yields wonderful rewards :) 
So I guess Beck has some kind of magnet that attracts amazing female bassists . That's pretty cool . 
Life is simpler when you don't spend too much time trying to explain people . If you are patient , they will eventually explain themselves . :) 
... Well , God is still God . :) 
Be careful of how you treat people . Don't let your attitude and behavior become clouds that hide the Light in you ! 
Do not neglect the gift that is in you , which was given to you by prophecy with the laying on of the hands of the eldership . Meditate on these things ; give yourself entirely to them , that your progress may be evident to all . Take heed to yourself and to the doctrine . Continue in them , for in doing this you will save both yourself and those who hear you . 1 < PROPFIRST > 4:14 -16 
I really wish I could find someone to adopt this stray cat . He's so sweet :( 
This is going to be a very long week , but I will make it enjoyable ! 
Many things aren't how I want them to be , but I'm excited by the fact that all things are how God wants them to be . 
I'm not going to think about it anymore . If it's meant to happen , God will make it so . :) 
People sure do post some good statuses when they are going through ! lol 
Currently letting < PROPFEMALE > have it's perfect work . Oh , but when this wait is over ... 
I hate it when I want to change my status but I can't because the things that are on my mind are things that I don't need anyone else to know lol 
Shift your focus to God so you can watch Him shift your situation . 
Too little too late and too much too soon . 
I see you God ! Just keep moving for me :) 
Ladies , If he doesn't treat his friends well , he won't treat you well . And if he does treat you well , it won't last long . Don't fall for it ! 
My weekend without a phone ... Thinking about the few people I really wanted to contact . The few people who are really important . 
Don't rush . Don't think too far ahead . Don't get over excited . Don't faint . Don't become anxious . Don't change in advance . Don't force things . Don't stop praying . God is in control . 
I am convinced that God will do it ! If you think I'm crazy , keep it to yourself . I don't want your doubt in my atmosphere ! 
Gotta let God take over .... Because I can't deal ! 
I thank God for my past being in the past . I pray that I will be strong enough and wise enough to leave it , those and them behind me . 
Devil , the more you attack my emotions , the more I seek God . I know He will keep me in perfect peace if I just focus a little harder ... 
It can be painful to realize that you won't get what you want . But be comforted by the fact that God knows what you need . Trust Him with all you have , all you are and all you < PROPFEMALE > . He will make everything better :) 
