has decided that 2010 will be the year when I finally purge all of the toxic relationships from my life . 

is sooo happy to have her mommy here !! 
is feeling sad ! I wonder just exactly how long it takes to get to New York on a MoPed ???? 
has 1 gently used teenager for sale . Will consider trade for #2 pencils and a bag of Skittles . 
wonders why there isn't more scientific research going into eradicating the \Rover\ " < PROPFIRST > in men ?!? WOOF WOOF ( you know who you are ! ) " 
thinks that next time < PROPMALE > leaves for a week , he's going to be required to take his damn dog with him !!! 
is feeling stressed ! 
wonders exactly how she keeps getting sucked back in ....... 
is wondering why it is so hard for grown ass people to act like adults ??? NEWS FLASH ...... high school's over !!! 
can't believe that A.J. is 14 today !! I guess he'll be \my baby\ " no matter how old he is ! Happy Birthday A.J. " 
will be heading out to Willcox in just a bit to watch A . J's All-Star game(hopefully ) We've been rained out 2 out of 3 days .. keeping my fingers crossed for no moisture today ! 
is thinking that August 7th is not going to get here fast enough !!! Las Vegas , consider yourself forewarned !! 
IRC Section 125 provides for tax exempt treatment of employee premium contributions to certain employer sponsored group benefit plans . 
needs a wife !! 
is celebrating < PROPFEMALE>'s 12th birthday today ! My baby girl is turning into a young lady right before my eyes ! 
is in a horrid mood .. Gotta wonder where some people get their balls & sense of entitlement . 
has a case of the \gloomies\ " . Nothing a little < PROPFEMALE > can't fix ! " 
is feeling anxious & stressed out ... agents from my district are resigning faster than a speeding bullet ... gotta wonder if they know something that I don't-YIKES! 
thinks that being drunk & stupid with nobody but the dogs to talk to is downright pathetic !! Apparently , they are both opposed to margaritas & < PROPFIRST > Jackson-I think I'll trade them in for Poodles !!! 
T-minus 63 hours & counting ....... 
is laughing ..... Robert Bristow now has the honor of teaching algebra to a 2nd generation of Briseno's , though apparently him & AJ spent the entire class talking about hunting ..... good thing AJ doesn't aspire to be a mathematician ! 
is thinking that I need a vacation to recover from my vacation ! 
is pissed !!! Nail spitting , fire breathing , looking for a place to hide a body pissed ! 
Game Time . Describe me using one word that begins with the first letter of YOUR name . Post this to your status and see how fun it can be . ( please keep it clean ) 
thinks that being in the middle of a dispute between 2 people I care about is No Bueno !!! 
must truly be a glutton for punishment ! Can someone please instruct me in the fine < PROPMALE > of saying \NO \"?" 
is feeling a bit obnoxious ! Shocking , I know ! :) 
thinks that it is high time someone invents crutches that aren't murder on your arm pits .... 
thinks that if I become anymore accident prone this week , I doubt I'll make it out alive ! On the bright side , my constant misfortune is providing endless entertainment for my bratty kids ! 
just finished watching the Little League World Series ! What an amazing bunch of kids on both teams ! Way to go Chula Vista ! Goes to show that Western Region Little League is the BOMB !!!!! 
thinks that I might just have to go home and dig out some Old School blackmail pictures ... 
refuses to be intimidated by flying ninja monkeys !!! So There !!! 
September is Life Insurance Awareness Month . It's time to evaluate & make sure that your family will be taken care of in the event the unthinkable happens . 
just had the police in my office because apparently my phone is making random 911 calls 
continues to < PROPFEMALE > at her own naievety 
All systems are a Go to get my Pimp Hand back in working order !!! 
is convinced that Tylenol works just as well as Vicodin 
was just told by my IT department to back up my hard drive .. but I can't figure out how to put it in reverse ... 
feels like I am diagionally parked in a parallel universe . 
thinks that if you insist on yucking my wow , you should also feel free to kiss my ass ! 
is positively thrilled by being able to reconnect with really old friends ! Talking to someone I haven't talked to for years is the absolute best ! 
has had an epiphany ... I AM what < PROPMALE > was talking about !! 
accidentally doubled up on my anti-spaz medication this morning ! This ought to be one hell os a day ! YAY !! 
needs to refocus my addiction to Facebook onto something more rewarding .. I'm thinking sex . 
is off to see a man about a horse . Well , it's not so much a horse as it is a cow , and it's not so much 1 as it is 360 ... :-) 
thinks that swinging round a pole to the sounds of < PROPFEMALE > Spears is , in fact , becoming a more and more viable career option ! 
is all puffed up with pride ! A.J. was just awarded Cadet of the Quarter in JROTC . He has worked so hard & we are so proud of him ! 
thinks that I should probably come with my own personal Parental Guidance Advisory . 
had a fantastic time last night ! It was like an improptu class reunion !! Definitely the most fun you can have with your clothes on !! 
wonders why the hell my daughters pediatrician has failed to invest in an x-ray machine !! Guess I'll load up the sleeping bags , pack a lunch & head off to the ER so we can figure out what is wrong with < PROPFEMALE>'s knee . See you all next week ...... DAMN IT !!!! 
after almost 6 hours , < PROPFEMALE > is home on crutches & has an appointmnt with the orthopaedic surgeon on Wednesday .. looks like knee surgery is in the very near future ! 
is perplexed !! 
Today seems like a good day to burn a bridge or 2 ..... 
feels froggy today & just a wee bit naughty to boot ! 
~ Life is about trusting our feelings and taking chances , losing and finding happiness , appreciating the memories and learning from the past ~ 
just needs to remember that when someone annoys me , it takes 42 muscles in my face to frown BUT it only takes 4 muscles to extend my arm and slap the bastard upside the head . Ahhh , it's the little things that help keep me sane !!! 
is fixin ' to make like a baby & head out ! 
FACE BOOK EXPERIMENT : If you are reading this , Whether we do or don't speak often , please post a comment of the first memory you have of me that pops into your head . When you've finished , post this paragraph as your own status . You'll be suprised at what people remember about you . 
just found out that a dear friend is extremely ill , in the ICU at St. Joseph's Hospital . Please keep < PROPMALE > & his wife < PROPFEMALE > in your prayers . 
finally got tired of not getting text messages , phone calls & E-Mails .. I broke down yesterday and bought a new phone so I am no longer \ignoring\ " my friends ! Welcome back to reality .. BOO HISS !! " 
Yet another mass shooting today , this one in < PROPMALE > ! What the hell is going on ??? 
is on a mission .... 
thinks that it's pretty damn sad that I am sitting at my desk on Friday afternoon already thinking about & dreading the overflow of B.S that is sure to await me come Monday morning ! No rest for the wicked , I guess ! 
thinks that there is no better cure for a case of the Blahs than having a few cocktails with some fabulous friends !!! 
just had Andi whack about 6 inches off my ' Fro . I figure that if < PROPMALE > likes long hair so much , he can grow his out ..... =-) 
just got done playing a rousing game Bumper Carts at Wal-Mart . Funny how no one understands the words \Excuse Me\ " but they sure understand when I ram their cart and tell them to \ " Get the hell out of my way !! \ " Acting psycho prevails yet again !! " 
is powerless to keep my Holiday Alter Ego at bay any longer ! It normally doesn't rear it's ugly head until after Black Friday ! Any Who's trying to spread Holiday Cheer my way , will be swiftly kicked down a hill ! 
is thankful for my beautiful family & an amazing circle of friends !! My life is truly blessed ! Happy Thanksgiving ! I love you all to pieces ! 
is trying not to get sick but I think the bugs just might win this round . 
it's 10:00 ... do you know where your roof shingles are ? 
The < PROPFEMALE > Vista Public School Board wiil be holding it's next meeting on Monday , December 14th , < PROPFEMALE > Lecture Pod @ 6:00 pm . The education of our children is in trouble & we , as parents & community members , need to let the administration know that we are not OK with them short-changing our kids ! I urge EVERYONE to come to this meeting(whether or not you currently have a child in school ) & show your support ! 
could not , would not on a boat , will not , will not with a goat , not in the rain , not on a train , not in the dark & not in a tree 
thinks that there are just some days that are better spent in bed . Today is one of them . 
If you don't know , as of today , Facebook will automatically start plunging the Earth into the Sun . To change this option , go to Settings --> Planetary Settings --> Trajectory then UN-CLICK the box that says ' Apocalypse . ' Facebook kept this one quiet . 
is making < PROPFEMALE > , truffles & white trash tonight . Tomorrow is tamale making & < PROPFEMALE > drinking day with my beautiful sister in law(hope you've got some good gossip , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE >!) 
loves margaritas and < PROPFEMALE > & Joanna(you ladies are the very best sister in laws ever ! ) Also intervention from < PROPFEMALE > because drunk texting could turn out to be a VERY bad thing indeed !!!! 
is greiving . We lost a very dear family friend yesterday . We love you , < PROPMALE > , you are missed terribly . 
feels the winds of change blowing in . 
being that < PROPMALE > is now unemployed , I think he should have dinner on the table when I get home ... He thinks not ! Perhaps a night spent cuddling with his dog will change his mind ..... 
has been listening to the dogs barking their retarded heads off for the past 10 minutes .. I finally get up to see what's got them so excited and find that they are laying on the porch , face to face , with their front paws touching , barking at each other .... apparently the Briseno dogs are as demented as the Briseno children ! Sure wish I could figure out where their common thread of insanity comes from ....... 
thinks that when others try to get you down , they fail to realize that they are only putting you in a better position to look up their pant leg & see what color their chonies are ! 
wonders if the manufacturers of \fool proof\ " products keep a fool or 2 on the payroll to test things out .... " 
HOW DID WE MEET ? Everyone play this game ! ( copy & paste this phrase on your status & remember how you met your friends ! But 1st answer me ) BE NICE 
Please put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who is an idiot . Idiots affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for stupidity , but we can raise awareness . 93% wont copy and paste this , many because they're too stupid to know how to copy and paste . Will YOU make this your status for at least one hour ? 
is off to meet some friends for a night filled with booze , deviance & debauchery 
is spending the evening drinking ghetto wine & watching trashy tv all by my lonesome , awesome right ?? Did I mention that today is our 14th wedding anniversary .. all of the sudden it seems so much less awesome ..... BOOOOOOOO ! 
thinks that the folks who manufacture toasters really ought to consider installing an \I'm about to pop\ " warning light . Maybe then I could get through my mornings without having the piss scared out of me by my bagel . " 
is now convinced that I am the smartest person in the whole world !! The test I thought for sure that I failed .. totally passed it !!! Don't hate me cuz you ain't me !!!!! :-) 
Thanks to all for the birthday wishes !! Y'all make me feel so special !! :-) Now , could someone please explain to me why I am on my way to Tucson to buy A.J his 1st car when it's MY birthday ..... 
If you & I woke up in jail together ... using only FOUR words ... what would you say to me ? Copy and paste this in your status and see what funny things your friends say .... ( And if you make a comment , you gotta put this in your status . Fair is fair . 
wants to thank the person that invented cashmere socks ! 
just had an experience that has renewed my faith in humanity ! 
It's Doppelgänger week ; Change your profile picture to someone famous ( actor , musician , athlete , etc . ) that you have been told you look like . After you update your profile with your evil twin or switched at birth photo then cut/paste this to your status . 
is in the midst of concocting my dastardly plan to take over the world ..... 
thinks that it is probably high time that I found myself an \inside voice\ " No \ " inside voice\ " + a mouth that works faster then my brain = EPIC FAIL !!!! " 
Who makes this stuff up ??? go to urbandictionary.com and look up your first name then copy it to your status . 
needs a gym partner !! Preferably someone who can yell like < PROPFEMALE > Michaels ! 
came home from work to find about an inch of water on my living room floor & a ginormus bubble on the ceiling ... it figures ! 
is trying to bring my Freak-Out ' O ' Meter back down to being within normal range 
is at home waiting for the claims adjustor to grace me with his presence . I figure that he should arrive sometime between now & thursday .. damn insurance people !!! 
thinks that its high time I round up my girls and hit the road for Vegas ! 
finally landed a GINORMUS commercial account that I've been working on for over a year !!! I am a happy , happy little gnome !! 
thinks that this will probably shock those who know me best ..... Alert the media , I think I might need a hug ! 
is embracing the suck like the good girl I am !! 
is VERY excited !! We should be able to officially move back into our house on Tuesday !!! 
the Lord took home one of his most beautiful angels , < PROPFEMALE > Garcia , this morning . Please keep < PROPFEMALE > & her family in your prayers during their difficult time . 
My body is not perfect but I nurtured a baby and I'm proud ! Too bad if we don't look perfect but every < PROPFIRST > , every line , and every bit of skin represents our beautiful babies and what we have done for them . Having a baby is no easy task , we are strong , we are brave and we should be proud of ourselves . Put this as your status if you're a proud Mom ! ? ? ? 
is feeling a < PROPMALE > harrassed & stressed out today .. Oh well , nothing a sniper rifle & an overpass can't fix ! 
has bail money & a taser ! I am now ready for Little League draft night !! 
has decided to give my skin a vacation from make-up . You may all start sharpening your pitch-forks & lighting your torches now . 
is ashamed of what I would do to score some coffee right now ! 
is pretty stoked that < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > & I were able to get A.J. to agree to try Zumba with us , I also think it's pretty sad that he was better at it than we were ! 
vows to never again let ANYONE talk me into \tinting\ " any hair that is not firmly attached to the top of my head ! " 
is reveling in the blissful feeling of 4 wonderful shots of espresso coursing through my veins while telling cry-baby little league coaches to put on their big boy chonies & suck it up !!! Life is good for this caffeine-fueled , slightly insane baseball slave ! 
needs to buy Eastwood a girlfriend or I'm going to have to pimp him out ! I want baby Woodys !!!! 
The saddest thing in the world , Loving someone who doesn't love you back ! (stolen from Aisha .. well , kinda ) 
is VERY excited by the possibilities ! 
doesn't think we're in Kansas anymore 
is reading the latest issue of Cosmo , featuring beauty products that contain human pheromones-lip gloss , perfume , etc ., products sure to help land yourself a man !!!???!!! What the hell happened to the age old tradition using your BOOBS to attract a man ?? That's how we did things in my day ....... 
it's Monday .. enough said ! 
is seriously considering abdicating myself from ALL current posts of authority ! With my current mind set , the only thing I'm any good at is telling people to \go to hell \"!" 
Yeah Well ..... PPPPFFFFFFFTTTTTTTT !!!! 
is starting to feel a little bit better . Almost ready to take on the world again !! 
is strapping in for what I anticipate will be one hell of a wild ride ....... 
is on the look out for a midget in an apron ......... 
wonders if it can ever be considered a \good day\ " if it has involved either restraining orders and/or pepper spray " 
days like today are the reason I will never leave Arizona . Perfect convertible weather(and I knew a creepy teenager I could steal one from ) and Jellybean martinis with < PROPFEMALE > made for a pretty fantastic day !! Hope everyone had a very Happy Easter !!! 
would be UNSTOPPABLE if not for law enforcement & physics ...... 
knows exactly what she wants .. Now it's just a matter of figuring out how to go about getting it !! 
If I came with a WARNING label what would it say ? ( copy and paste this to your status and see what warnings you get ) 
is highly disappointed ! Just spent waaaay too much money on a gimicky vibrating mascara wand ... so doesn't do what it advertises ! Guess I'll have to find another use for it ....... 
is stuck in the house with 5 teenagers-4 of them obnoxious girls ! Any questions as to why I've already downed the better part of a bottle of < PROPFEMALE > ? I thought not !!! 
thinks the teenagers in my house have begun to spontaneously multiply . We went from having 5 last night to having 7 tonight ! Calgon , take me away !!!!!!!!! 
what to do , what to do ............... 
I will be COMPLETELY HONEST 4 THE NEXT 24 HRS . U can ask me 1 question ( only in my inbox ) ... Any question no matter how crazy or wrong it is . I WILL answer no matter what . You have my FULL HONESTY but i DARE you 2 put this as ur STATUS & see what questions you get 
Today has been an interesting day ......... going home to tell my dear friend < PROPFIRST > all about it ! 
OMG , OMG , OHHH EMMM GEEEE !!!!!!! 
passed my Ethics exam(stop laughing , I have ethics , its the morals that are questionable ) , have 150 ozs of < PROPFEMALE > in my trunk & had an all around AMAZING day ! YAY ME !!!! 
has a new found appreciation for Tone Loc & Young MC . 
is having an extremely hard time concentrating . think I'll give up and start the weekend a little early . 
thinks someone should invent the equivalent of an ignition interlock system for my cell phone , I should be required to blow in a tube before I'm allowed to send texts ...... just a thought .......... 
wonders when the hell I was voted in to head the Dork Outreach Program ?? 
is fixin ' to stab someone !!!! 
is thinking that someone should probably relieve me of my duties as the Little League President ..... any takers ???? 
needs to channel all of my aggression into something productive !!! 
It's National Volunteer Week ! Volunteers are an essential part of the community , donating time out of their lives to GIVE BACK & show appreciation for their community & for what THEY have been given in life ! Be kind , considerate & grateful to them . Thank you < PROPFEMALE > , Berlynda , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > & any other AMAZING Little League volunteer not mentioned !! Y'all are the peanut butter to my jelly ! 
thinks that April needs to hurry up and be over already ! May just can't get here fast enough ! 
has officially crossed over to the Dark Side ......... 
well , that was interesting ...... 
is in desperate need of coffee & an industrial sized package of double A's .... 
was just informed by someone that they are going to need my full , undivided attention for at least 10 minutes .... yeah , good luck with that !!! 
is wondering if turning my kids in for possible deportation would make me a bad mother ?? 
is tired , cranky , & I feel a cold coming on . So who wants to < PROPFEMALE > out with me today ?? 
needs some ideas ...... best place in Phoenix to get dinner ???? 
Happy Cinco De Mayo !! How can you not love a holiday that celebrates booze , tacos & hot Latin men ??? ARRIBA !!!! 
added to my list of things to never do .... though zucchini & limes appear similar , they are very different when it comes to shooting Patron ......... 
Good things come to those who wait ..... um , yeah !!! 
so my doctor says that I need to drink lots of liquids & get plenty of rest , I translate this to mean that he wants me to drink lots of beer & go home & pass out . Beer IS liquid , afterall .... 
I am blessed beyond reason to have 2 of the most amazing people in the world call me Mom ! A.J & < PROPFEMALE > , you make my life beautiful !! Happy Mothers Day to all my beautiful friends who also have the honor of being called Mom !! 
Dear Monday , Please be gentle !! 
thought I had plans tonight . Apparently , I thought wrong .. BOOOOOOOO !!! 
Passing this on : PRAYER ALERT ! for a FB friend's daughter , AUDRIN < PROPMALE > . Please hold the family up in prayer today . Her two year old daughter was just diagnosed with stage 4 cancer . If you see this post , even if you dont know her , please post this to your profile for 1 hour , and say a prayer for that little girl . How could any mom NOT repost ? PRAY FOR THIS CHILD please . God Bless you for doing it ! 
is in a nasty mood . Beware of strong winds & falling houses . 
is one step away from releasing the Flying Monkeys .. could this day please hurry up and get over ????? 
nothing fixes a bad mood quicker than beer & good company 
has decided that I'm not clumsy , the forces of gravity just have it in for me . 
loves getting calls from the school principal , they're my FAVORITE !!! Ahh , the joys of raising a mini < PROPFEMALE > !! Happy Monday Kids !!! 
thinks that if you're going to make an obscene phone call , you should at least try to be original & make sure you have something good to say ... heavy breathing & descriptions of what you'd like to do with your \magic stick\ " .. YAWN !!!! " 
is polishing up my pole dancing & stocking up on pasties & clear heels .. you just never know when you might need to execute Plan B .... 
planning a trip to the Happiest Place on Earth .. VEGAS !!! How much deviance can 4 women pack into 3 days ?? We'll keep you posted ....... 
Tattoos & Piercings & Goatees .... OH MY !!!!!! 
y'all know that I only do this for the sno-cones ........... 
misses the days when all you had to do was tell someone \I'll be your best friend\ " & they'd do anything you wanted them to ...... " 
is wondering if there is some hot black market for stolen break away bases .. if not , someone's going to have a hell of a time unloading the 8 that they stole off of the little league fields !! Now I've seen just about everything ..... 
just spent the better part of my day at the spa ... Ahhhh Bliss ! 
off to the baseball fields .... why do I even bother leaving them ? 
is intent on solving one of life's great mysteries ..... exactly how many licks does it take ??? 
received a nasty E-Mail this morning , riddles with grammatical & spelling errors , from someone that I have been dealing with for far too long ... so , me being me , I copy & pasted it to a new message , corrected all the grammar & ran a spell check , sent it back to her asking \Is THIS what you meant to say ? \"" 
thinks that certain folks should be required to chlorinate their < PROPFIRST > pools much more frequently .... 
feels an overpowering need to SCREAM !!!! 
* SIGH * 
sometimes , all I can do is laugh at myself ...... 
in the interest of public safety , I am avoiding all unnecessary human contact today ..... 
is off to the fields to watch < PROPMALE>'s T-Ball team play their last game of the season & then we'll move on to Bisbee to watch A . J's game .. All Baseball , All the Time , that's how we roll !! 
***** TODAYS GAME ***** If there was a song that played everytime I entered a room , what would it be ? Tell me what you think mine is & then copy & paste to your status so your friends can pick your Theme Song . It'll be FUN ! 
thinks that some things are probably better left to my rather vivid imagination 
finally headed home after a long day in Tucson , only to have to turn around & come right back 1st thing tomorrow morning . no rest for the wicked has taken on a whole new meaning . 
wonders if chopping off my head would make my throat stop hurting ....... 
now that my throat is swollen almost completely closed perhaps it's time to call the doctor .. apparently , Vicks & Tylenol just aren't going to lick this one ...... 
is feeling a little like an outbreak monkey 
has Cooties & I'm willing to share !! 
has a severe case of Brain Fog & the I Don't Wanna's . Focus & productivity seem to still be enjoying the weekend ..... 
I'm holding my breath because .. well , because I am ....... 
walked into Fry's with $100 & walked out with 10 bottles booze .. THAT , boys & girls , is what I call money well spent ! 
need to get to Tucson today but have zero clue as to how I'm going to swing it ..... BOOOOO !! 
in the Land of Suckage , today pretty much takes the cake ! 
Never tell me that something can't be done unless you're prepared to sit back and watch while I do it & do it well !! 
my entire body is sore from laughing so hard last night ! OK , OK ... maybe it has a little to do with the Hornitos also .. psssshhhh , WHATEVER !!! Thank you ladies for turning a normally tame jewelry party into a melee of mayhem !! I <3 you all mucho !!!! 
ANY man can father children but it takes a special man to be a Daddy ! Happy Father's Day to all the Daddys ! You're an amazing bunch ! 
uhhhhhhhhhh , yeah .......... 
would not object to being abducted by aliens today ! 
To succeed in life , you need three things : a wishbone , a backbone and a funnybone . 
wondering what I can get into today .. feeling the need for a little excitement ! 
Sooooo , who wants to come help me lug trophies out to the ball fields ??? 
say what you mean & mean what you say ! Talking behind someone's back just means that what you have to say probably isn't all that important to begin with ..... 
apparently , I'm gifted ..... 
just whipped up a batch of peach margaritas & I think I'll go sit by the pool and enjoy them .... 
Dear Lord-Seriously ?? I think I've had enough ..... 
When someone walks away from you , let them walk . You can't talk another person into staying with you , loving you , calling you , caring for you , coming to see you , or remaining attached to you . Never let someone become a priority in your life when you are merely an option in theirs 
is wondering exactly how much BS one must deal with before it becomes socially acceptable to throw a kicking , screaming temper tantrum ??? 
There comes a time in life when you have to let go of all the pointless drama and the people who create it and surround yourself with people who make you focus solely on the good and laugh hard . After all , life is too short to be anything but happy . 
cleaning up after an amazing 4th of July ! Had so much fun with friends & family .. even found myself a new hero !!! < PROPFIRST > Leffelman , I wanna be like you when I grow up !!!!! :-) 
1st game of the < PROPMALE > All < PROPFEMALE > tournament tonight in Nogales ... Fingers crossed for the the SV team to put a good , old-fashioned butt whoopin ' on < PROPMALE > 
is in desperate need of Xanax .. or a lobotomy , pretty sure I can find either on the Black Market .... 
15 years ago today , God gave me the privilege of being called Mom by one of the most amazing kids ever !! Happy 15th Birthday , A.J !! You make me proud everyday ! 
is so ready for all of the drama to play itself out so that I can get on with what's really important .... 
never ceases to be amazed by the immature actions of some people that call themselves grown ups ..... 
amazed by how quickly self esteem , security & general feeling that all is right with the world can be taken from a person . 
Stubbed my pinky toe 1st thing this morning & ripped the nail completely off .. Please don't let that be an indication of how the rest of the day is going to play out ..... Happy Hump Day Y'All!!!! 
is seriously contemplating some < PROPMALE > changes ...... 
passed my exam & then had lunch & beers with some pretty fabulous folks . Chalk it up to being a pretty fantastic day . 
Ok ; here goes . Describe me in two words , then put this on YOUR profile so we can all poke fun ... I mean so we can all describe you too =D 
It's hard to believe that my sweet baby girl is officially a teenager today !! I love you , < PROPFEMALE > & I am so very proud of the young lady you have become ! Happy Birthday , Mija !!! 
is going to buy myself a helmet so I can dive in , head first !! Rattling this chicky is an all day job .. packing a lunch is strongly suggested !! 
feeling a little Veruca Salt today !! I want it & I WANT IT NOW !!!!!!!!! 
after 4 hours & $258.00 , A.J is finally registered for 10th grade .. SHEESH !!!! 
my heart is heavy but the weight on my shoulders feels 100 times lighter ! Deep breath in annnnnndddd exhale ........... 
needs a Time Out !! Things are happening so fast & I'm feeling a little overwhelmed .... 
tomorrow marks the beginning of a brand new chapter ! Let's do this !!!! 
Thank you sooo much to all the folks who have been supporting me & cheering me on during my transition !! One of the most difficult things I've done has been a little easier because of you all !! < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > & of course Clint ... you are the BEST !!!! 
spending the week in Tucson for training ..... Let the games begin !!!! 
Rand McNally aint got S *** on me !!!! 
sitting in a hotel room drinking beer & watching a show about ancient sex rituals on the History channel ...... being jealous of my awesomeness is completely understandable !! 
To all the men out there , having a penis does not automatically mean that you have to act like one ...... 
I could take over the world if only I could navigate my way out of a paper bag ..... Magellan strikes again !!!! 
have to amuse myself for an entire hour ..... sigh ! 
97% of teens ( and middle-aged women ) would cry if they saw < PROPFIRST > Cullen from Twilight standing on top of a skyscraper about to jump . If you are one of the 3% who would sit there eating popcorn screaming \DO A FLIP YOU SPARKLY BITCH !! \ " then copy and paste this as your status . " 
* GIGGLE * 
Hmmm .... Vegas ? Next weekend ? Yep , I do believe I'm seeing that in my future !! 
1 week , 7 whole days of complete silence .. I'm thinking that there is probably a subtle message in there somewhere .. don't ever accuse this chick of not being able to take a hint !!! 
beyond exhausted ...... UGH ! 
When I find myself in a bad situation , if I'm honest with myself , I can usually trace the current problem directly back to a decision that I have made in the past .. hmmm , taking responsibility for my own happiness(or lack there of .. ) What a novel idea !! 
well damn ........ 
when you choose not to heed multiple warnings , you shouldn't be surprised when the gloves come off .... time to sit back & wonder exactly what I'm plotting ... Good Luck with that !!! 
It's official !! Effective today , I am no longer an insurance agent !!!!! I can now fully enjoy life just being an Indian .. someone else gets to be the Chief from now on !! 
taking my turn on the Sin Wagon ... 
finally home from 3 days in the White Mountains ..... no running water , no electricity , no cell signal but if there was a country music station broadcasting within a 5,000 mile radius , we could sure pick that up !! I'll be spitting hay seeds for at least a month .... 
is keeping some people's phone < PROPFIRST > in my phone just so I know not to answer when they call . 
if you're going to act like a complete douche bag to someone , probably , you should make damn sure that you aren't going to need their help anytime in the near future ... just a thought . 
< PROPMALE>'s response to me jokingly telling him that he had hurt my feelings .. \You have 1 damn feeling & THAT'S the comment that's going to hurt it ?? \ " * Sigh * " 
today might be a good day to find myself a sniper rifle & a nice quiet overpass ... 
since I've made it through half of the week without comiting a homicide , I do believe I deserve a cookie or a medal or a beer or a lollipop , at the very least ! 
2 months in & got my first offer of promotion today ....... I'm pretty sure that I'm still way happy being an Indian though ...... 
off to Phoenix ..... last time I was there , I chased Patron with zucchini & Batman stole my car ! hmmmm 
< PROPMALE > apparently forgot that our rv gate isn't automatic so he used the quad trailer to make them a drive through .... my handy man strikes again ! 
came home from work & my baby girl had made me dinner .... pasta with homemade(yep , she made it all by herself ) marinara sauce ! It was such a nice surprise & soooo good !!! 
in the midst of an epiphany ... even when they bring forth things that you'd rather not face , it's always a good thing ! 
Though I am definitely NOT an emotional girl , I am finding myself choking up every time that capsule comes up with yet another miner , alive & well , inside ! 
is NOT a stalker , I'm an overly zealous investigator !! 
Soooo , < PROPFEMALE > wants me to run a half marathon with her in January . I said yes jokingly & now I'm being held to it ...... Uhhhhh CRAP !!! 
disgusted with the \justice\ " system in Cochise County ! " 
Like my status , and I'll tell you : 1 . Something I've learned about you by looking at your wall quickly . 2 . The color you remind me of . 3 . My first ......... memory of you . 4 . The animal you remind me of . 5 . Something I've always wondered about you . 6 . My favorite thing about you . 7 . A weird nickname . 8 . Challenge you to post this ! 
Even on the bad days , the full < PROPFEMALE > , grumpy client , had to pee all day but haven't had the < PROPMALE > days ... I can honestly , without a shadow of a doubt , say that I LOVE my job ! That , boys & girls , is a fabulous thing !!! :-) 
These are the moments ..... 
SMILE !! It's the 2nd best thing you can do with your lips ! 
off to Tucson to see what sort of trouble I can get into .... 
who needs bail money , I have Batman on speed dial ...... ( though < PROPMALE > does keep some on hand , cuz you just never know with me ) 
yesterday was just what I needed ! Thank you < PROPFEMALE > & < PROPFIRST > , I <3 U both !!! 
st < PROPMALE > ing to think that loyalty is a lost < PROPMALE > .... 
So .. it's National Un-Friend Day on FB according to < PROPFIRST > Kimmel ! Guess I best be gettin ' my \Delete\ " on !! " 
When you expect the worst from people , you tend to never be disappointed ... * sigh * 
feeling a little \off\ " ..... think it may be time to take a break from FB . " 
Lock your doors & clear the roads .... I do believe that I've managed to locate my mojo !!! 
Alright , alright .. I'll play this silly # game ... put your # , 1-4000 in my In-Box & get ready for the fall out !!! 
#21 -you are an amazing dad & one of the nicest guys I know ! I am so glad that we have been able to reconnect .. even if we do have differing views on how we split !! :-) I am truly honored to call you my friend ! 
#2318 -How can I not adore you ? If not for you , who would sit in the trenches with me talking trash at family get togethers ? You gave me my beautiful God daughter & I am grateful to you everyday for her ! I am so thankful to have family like you ! Love you !! 
#23-it's hard to believe that 2 people could have so much in common without being relatives .. and then what do you know , we found out that in a weird sort of round about way , we ARE related !! I am so glad to have you in my life ! You are a wonderful person & I look forward to tellin tales & comparing notes with you for a long , long time !! 
#69 -of course this is your number .. wouldn't have it any other way !! What can I say about the woman that knows where all the bodies are hidden because you helped me hide them ??? You're the Yin to my < PROPFEMALE > , the Peanut Butter to my Jelly , my soul mate !! I could not love you anymore if we had shared the same womb ! You are an amazing , strong woman & my hero ! 
I am now officially off for the next 9 , yes 9 days .. AND I'm getting paid !! Thank sweet baby Jesus for real jobs & the residual perks that come along with them !!! 
I could probably conquer the world today , if only there were someone here to help me put my bra on !!! 
WooHoo !! I managed to dress myself with no help !!! Hair & make-up , well that's another story .. but hey , progress is progress !!! 
3 little words , when uttered alone don't really mean much but put them to together & say them with feeling , & they can make the difference in someone's mood .... I love you ?? Yeah Right !!!! KISS MY ASS !!! Now doesn't that feel better ???? 
Do you have the time ....... 
at home today with a sick baby .. No Bueno !! 
There comes a time when you need to walk away from all the drama and the people who create it . Surround yourself with people who make you laugh , forget the bad & focus on the good . Love the people who treat you right & forget about the ones who don't . Don't make anyone a priority in your life when you are merely an option in theirs . Life is too short to be anything but happy . 
on the verge ..... 
Thank you all so much for the birthday wishes !! It's been a wonderful day so far !! Y'all really know how to make a girl feel special !! 
crossing my fingers , toes , eyes & legs ........ 
WooHoo ! I RULE !!!! 
wondering why the heck it has taken me 2 full , boring days to recover from 1 interesting night of drinking ..... 
Just found out that today is National Work Naked Day ! How the hell did I , of all people , miss this memo ? If only I had this kernel of info earlier ... sigh * 
No gas , no water .... apparently it's Pioneer Night at the Briseno Camp . 
Of course , the one time I have a problem that requires me to see a doctor immediately , it has to be today .... CRAP !!! 
Those who would like to contribute to < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Freiberger Estrada's Funeral expenses here is the information to do so :\ 
\ 
Mail a check to :\ 
BBVA Compass\ 
211 South Carmichael Avenue\ 
...... < PROPFEMALE > Vista , Az 85635-1717\ 
( 520 ) 458-1088 ( if you need to contact them for questions)\ 
Name that it’s under : < PROPFEMALE > Mata ( Sister-In-Law)\ 
Account # : 2530043234\ 
Or go into any BBVA Compass Bank\ 
PLEASE REPOST 
PSSSHHHHH ... what the hell ever ...... 
..... now if I could only remember where I left that damn riding crop ...... 
Ahhh bliss .. I <3 paid vacations !! 
forgot my phone at home this morning & I've been walking around lost all day .. I tried to answer a stack of sticky notes earlier ... intervention PUHLEEZE !!!! 
We won our game tonight , 5 to 0 ! I <3 the ladies on my soccer team ! 
and it keeps getting better ..... 
Put yourself out there & you'd better be ready to get smacked in the face with disappointment ... One day , I'll learn my lesson 
Still undefeated !!!! WOO HOO !!! So what if our win tonight was due to a forfeit , just means the other team heard how awesome my girls are & were scared .... 
* BANANA * 
Have to decide what to give up for Lent ..... and the clock is ticking ...... 
Ahh , gotta love Tucson traffic at 5 pm ..... let the road rage games begin !!! 
The Girl you just called fat ? She has been starving herself & has lost over 30lbs . The Boy you just called stupid ? He has a learning disability & studies over 4hrs a night . The Girl you just called ugly ? She spends hours putting makeup on hoping people will like her . The Boy you just tripped ? He is abused enough at home . There's a lot more to people than you think . Put this as your status if you're against bullying . 
< PROPFEMALE > & I are off to the mall ..... there's some good news for < PROPMALE>'s pocketbook .... 
How can you not love a holiday that celebrates drinking beer & kissing Blarney Stones ... Happy St Patricks Day !!!!! 
Come down to Compass Bank today to stop support the March of Dimes ... we're having a bake sale with tons of yummy goodies with all proceeds going to M of D ! 
Consider this an invitation to my Gangsta Nation ... LMFAO !!!! 
Ugh ... the weekend isn't getting here fast enough ... always the case when you're super excited , I suppose ! 
I don't think my poor heart can take another 10 minutes of this ...... 
