OEF 

Fuckin Hawaii , thank god 
Out of Restriction , lord it feels so good , you guys take r easy 
Keystone Light , and Natty Light are the most white trash beers one can drink ! Who in their right mind would use it for beer pong ? 
In Point < PROPFEMALE > , will be out of contact w/ everyone for the most part until at least March 30th , sorry , I'll try to get through to you guys if you send me a message on here , take r easy 
WTF is wrong with this fucking country ? FUCK this health care happy-hippy-horseshit ! 
HEADLINE : \Bin Laden Warns US Not to Kill 9/11 Suspects \"; are you fuckin serious ? Light their asses up ! " 
I'll be out of this place TOMORROW ; don't know if my phone will work , don't think brought a charger with me . If you're in Lemoore , i'll be seeing you fuckers soon ! 
USN ; join ; and be thoroughly bored out of your FUCKING MIND ! 
The saddest epitaph which can be carved in memory of a vanished < PROPFEMALE > is that it was lost because its possessors failed to stretch forth a saving hand while yet there was time . Justice < PROPFIRST > Sutherland 
Can't Wait for next week , down to PHX to get my truck ! See some family ! And NOT have to worry about the Navy for a few days ! 
I am certain that nothing has done so much to destroy the juridical safeguards of individual freedom as the striving after this mirage of social justice . F.A. Hayek 
It is wrong to think that belief in freedom always leads to victory ; we must always be prepared for it to lead to defeat . If we choose freedom , then we must be prepared to perish along with it . < PROPFIRST > Popper ; ' On Freedom ' 1958 
I love the man that can smile in trouble , that can gather strength from distress , and grow brave by reflection . ' Tis the business of little minds to shrink ; but he whose heart is firm , and whose conscience approves his conduct , will pursue his principles unto death . < PROPFIRST > Paine ; \American Crisis \"" 
2 more hours til ' leave , god help us all 
AZ was cool , but somehow God found that it was necessary to force me back to California ... kicking and screaming the whole way ! 
Except for ending slavery , fascism , nazism , communism , socialism , feudalism , attaining religious freedom , political freedom , personal freedom , inalienable rights , protecting property , imprisoning dictators , stopping genocide , and gaining liberty ... WAR HAS NEVER SOLVED ANYTHING ! 
here's an idea ; rather than < PROPMALE > every illegal-immi < PROPMALE > amnesty , how about deport them , and those college and university foreign students that are about to gain their bachelors , masters , and doctorate's degrees .... allow for them to be citizens and NOT encourage them to leave . Keep the intelligent people here and deport those who milk the system ? 
Is life so dear , or peace so sweet , as to be purchased at the price of chains and slavery ? - < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > , March 3 , 1775 
working on sat ... if this isn't loving the navy i don't know what is , ... ftn , mwa-ha-ha-haa 
Dear CNO , if 192 was a puppy , could i euthanize it ? I'm sure it would be very beneficial . If not , I respectfully request to stop paying my taxes , i no longer wish to contribute to such stupidity 
The wisdom of God oft times appears as foolishness to men , but the greatest single lesson we can learn in mortality is that when god speaks and a man obeys , that man will always be right . 
Unlimited tolerance must lead to the disappearance of tolerance . If we extend unlimited tolerance even to those who are intolerant , if we are not prepared to defend a tolerant society against the onslaught of the intolerant , then the tolerant will be destroyed , and tolerance with them . 
is this really so hard to believe ? 
http://www.americanthinker.com/blog/2010/08/graph_of_the_day_for_august_20.html 
All men dream : but not equally , Those who dream by night in the < PROPFIRST > recesses of their minds wake in the day to find that it was vanity : but the dreamers of the day are dangerous men , for they may act their dream with open eyes , to make it possible . This I did . \ 
T . E . < PROPFIRST > , Seven Pillars of Wisdom ( 1922 ) 
“If you saw Atlas , the giant who holds the world on his shoulders , if you saw that he stood , blood running down his chest , his knees buckling , his arms trembling but still trying to hold the world aloft with the last of his strength , and the greater his effort the heavier the world bore down on his shoulders—what would you tell him to do ? ” \ To Shrug . \"" 
Never yet did there exist a full faith in the Divine word which did not expand the intellect , while it purified the heart ; which did not multiply the aims and objects of the understanding , while it fixed and simplified those of the desires and feelings . < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Coleridge , 
The reward of one duty is the power to fulfill another . \ 
< PROPFIRST > Eliot 
AMNESTY , n . The state's magnanimity to those offenders whom it would be too expensive to punish . 
CAT , n . A soft , indestructible automaton provided by nature to be kicked when things go wrong in the domestic circle . 
Thanks to everybody that posted , I hope you're all doing well , and wish you all the best . Hopefully i'll see you all soon , sooner rather than later . Take r easy ... off to the Sequoias ! 
Just got to < PROPFEMALE > , almost 3 years and not much has changed . 
Happiness is not perfected until it is shared . 
To walk the narrow path , that is to strive for freedom , does not assure success ; though to stand on the sideline of apathy garauntees a will over one's self , that is not his own . 
Will be back in LEMR tomorrow ; so long < PROPFEMALE > 
BLACK LABEL SOCIETY ! San < PROPFEMALE > , ughh . But I'll Sacrifice , ha ha 
Phoenix . Nice . But how come the rains follows me wherever I go on leave ? Always ! Everytime i take leave for three and a half years , i leave = rain . 
Not quite ready to start heading back to Cali ; but it must be done ... 
