Happy New Year ! 

wishes she could be with her loved ones tonight ... 
is finally home from a crap night at work , sitting here with a container of ice cream and being highly amused that my flower had friends sitting at home waiting for me ... 
is trying to write again ... why is it that the only stuff that will go from mind to fingers is the Blackthorne stuff or my inn stories ? 
is rather amused when I randomly come across unfortunate bits of my past ... 
wants to learn to teleport . 
wants Def Leppard/Poison tickets for her birthday . 
is not really looking forward to tomorrow , but am excited to be finally doing what I should have done years ago ... 
is tired ... of pretty much everything . 
has a quiet day at home . I have no idea what to do with it . 
thinks it's far too early in the morning to be awake ... 
had breakfast with my dad , got surprised with concert tickets from < PROPFIRST > and a trip to Mt . St. Helens from him as well . I'm told that my gift from < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > should be here soonish ... yeah , it's been a good day . 
Happy 4th , everyone ! 
is off to Tabor today ... and then at T's for the next two ... see you when I hop back online ! 
is going to work on the last review today . It's really late at this point ... 
Gah . Bored ! 
Back from Seadog , sunburned and relatively happy . It was a good weekend , though a bit quieter than I expected to be . Tomorrow I go pick up the girls from their grandmother ... 
hates daywalker hours , damnit ! 
is melting . 
is confused and happy all at once tonight . 
hopes that the crap I've been dealing with for the past two days is over for awhile ... I don't know how much more of this I can take . 
thinks that yesterday was great fun . Here's hoping that today is just as good . 
is tired and sad and wishing I could escape the universe for awhile . 
After 11 years , my mother's kidney is finally starting to go again . This doesn't surprise me , but it does make me sad . 
wonders if anyone has job ideas for someone that's been a housewife for the better part of ten years ...? 
is quite annoyed that my ipod cable doesn't seem to be functioning ... 
is very sleepy . Night , all ! 
is just ... numb . 
I'm off to spend the evening with < PROPFIRST > , gonna see if he wants to hit up the bar . It's been that kind of week . Anyone who needs to reach me ... leave me a message . I won't be answering until tomorrow . 
* sighs * I can't sleep . 
Morning all ! :) 
is at home , trying to figure out dinner . 
just made a huge meal , but doesn't want to eat a single bite of it . * sighs * 
is off to abduct < PROPFIRST > for caffeinated goodness and conversation . 
wonders why it all hurts so much , today . 
Is far too warm . * melts * 
is also entirely too sleep-deprived ... and has to get through a late night in Vancouver on said sleep dep ... 
is now working on 37 hours of no sleep , and has had far too much coffee to pass out anytime soon . 
* blinks * Morning , everyone . 
Gah . So sleepy ... I really should stop eating so much sugar . 
wants more yarn now . 
is not supposed to be letting Facebook distract me ... * headdesk * 
has managed to watch two discs of an anime series and write almost the entire review today . I'm going to bed , will tackle the rest tomorrow . Night all ! 
is tired ... and wants to be elsewhere . 
is wishing I could make myself stop looking at houses that I can't manage to afford for at least five years or so ... but it was an absolutely perfect house ... well , perfect for my purposes anyway .... 
is trying to write a resume for the first time in ten years , and has no clue how to account for the time not working ... 
thinks that resumes are annoying , and writing them is a serious pain in the ass . 
is sleepy . 
is looking forward to being in Vancouver for the evening ... after making cookies for the kids , that is . 
doesn't get to sleep today . This should be interesting . 
has a pot of black tiger , two monsters to drag out of bed in an hour and a breakfast date with my dad . Then , there's the girls ' teacher to call back for the charter school stuff , and my doctor to call for a med change and an appointment ... and I'm going to try to make it back out to Vancouver again tonight . It's going to be a -long- day . 
Whee ! I get to take Andi to an appointment now ! * sighs * 
Ugh . Too warm . Going to leave the house for awhile . 
is wired tired . 
doesn't want to go out to the pharmacy today ... but am looking forward to tonight ! 
I am off to the pharmacy , < PROPFIRST>'s place and the bar ... 
wants to go to < PROPMALE > City for a couple of hours . 
is going to try to get an hour or so of sleep , since that's pretty much all I seem to be able to get at a time . 
was quite amused last night ... and damned happy to see Shadow ... :) 
realizes that there was absolutely no reason to leave Vancouver early , and is rather annoyed about this . 
has had a very productive day so far . I have a dentist appointment tomorrow morning , called the doctor to bitch about the price of the meds he prescribed me , and am now working on the girls ' school stuff . 
has just applied for four jobs . Here's hoping I hear back from at least one . 
is being ordered to make cookies . Should I do it ? 
has a dentist appointment at 8:15 am , I suppose I should sleep for it . Goodnight , all ! 
I have two less teeth , and feel a hell of a lot better . Now if the reaction to the anesthetic would wear off , the world would be lovely . 
is already annoyed with this online school crap . 
* flops * Finally done with the first day of school ... had to get past the whining fits first , apparently . 
School is easier today , probably because I have help ... but Rhi only whined a little bit this time . :) 
is off to Vancouver for a little while . :) 
doesn't like morning very much . Can I go back to sleep now ? 
would like phone < PROPFIRST > , please . Since I don't appear to be getting my usual phone back any time this century , I need to replace my number list ... again ... 
is very , very bored tonight . And sad ... and kind of lonely . 
... and it completely figures ... the only response I've gotten to the resumes I have sent out was a fraggin scam attempt ... * headdesk * 
is possibly going to be working for my mother ... less than 80 hours per month but it's better than nothing ... 
is in an incredibly good mood , despite one hell of a headache and being a bit worried about someone ... 
Goodnight , all ! 
has decided that this is a completely horrid hour to be awake . How is it that I'm keeping daywalker hours today ? 
This daywalker thing sucks ... I ended up taking a nap instead of teaching today and I'm still exhausted and not feeling good ... 
has been sleeping since 8 , and still feels crappy . 
Good morning ! I'm feeling much better today ... so far . 
is home from Vancouver ... the Poison/Def Leppard show on Friday was pretty damned good , and the weekend wasn't bad either . :) 
Can I just rip out my heart and hide it in a box somewhere for awhile ? This is getting ridiculous . 
Well , I -was- going to sleep tonight , but since I have to take < PROPFIRST > to work in a couple of hours , I might as well stay up . * sighs * 
is lonely , hurting and missing someone very badly . 
is debating forcing the girls to clean their room , so that they can condense the insane amount of crap they have . I'm not looking forward to this battle . 
is in shock . The girls are actually cleaning . 
Morning ! :) 
I go looking for one person , and instead find someone I've been wanting to find for the past thirteen , fourteen years ... funny how things like that happen . 
Off to pick up Mike ... * sighs * 
would say that there isn't anything that could kill my good mood right now , but I'm sure there's something . I just don't know what it is yet . 
... and I figured out what would do it . It's resolved now , though ... and I'm mostly back in the good mood . 
This is an evil , evil hour to be awake . 
Off for awhile tonight . Later , all ! 
Tonight was a good night . Now to sleep , so I can deal with things tomorrow . Like trying to get the girls back into public school . 
is feeling empty tonight . 
wishes things would automagically fall into place . 
wonders at how some people manage to miss the little things completely , while other people remember them for next to forever ... 
wants to curl up in a ball and sleep . 
is more enraged than any human being really should be . Ever . 
doesn't want to be awake to get the kids off to school ... 
is very , very tired . Useful things got done today , though . Steps have been made toward peace around here . Now to get through the latest storm . 
is amused . Rhi is barganing with me for house cleaning . 
is going to be at home and bored tonight ... might go hunt down some coffee later though . 
wishes that my mother would stop harping on the godsbedamned swine flu . 
had a fantastic evening , and hopes that tomorrow will be just as good . :) 
is laughing my ass off , now . 
is lonely tonight , but will be hanging out with friends in a little while . 
is going to freeze tonight . :) 
isn't going to freeze tonight , after all ... * sighs * 
had a quiet evening , spent with a book and the company of friends . :) 
just wants to curl up and cry at the moment . 
can be reached on the cell , if need be . Might be on later , might not . 
is going to the bar . This might just be entertaining . 
had a pretty good night , last night . Beer , karaoke , friends and coffee after . Much fun . :) 
is hurting a hell of a lot tonight , but I know I'll make it through this storm just as I have the others . It'll take time , though 
has a nesting child . And it's irritating . Thank the Gods it'll be over on Thursday ! 
is quite happy at the moment . My altar is finally up again ! 
Arynna Rayne Moredock was born today at 9:09 am . She weighs six lbs ., and is nineteen inches long . Both Arynna and < PROPFIRST > are doing well . I'll probably be heading back up to the hospital soon . 
is content , tonight . Almost happy , even . 
thinks that being dumped sucks , but at least he was nice about it . 
is off to play scrabble with < PROPFEMALE > . Feel free to poke at me , I'll respond when I look over at the computer . 
Is it a bad thing to be kind of proud of beating the nine-year-old at Scrabble ? 
is apparently being a daywalker today . Ick . 
isn't in the mood for this crap today . 
has a baby in her arms . :) 
Court went well , Andi still has the baby . 
I love you without knowing how , or when , or from where . I love you straightforwardly , without complexities or pride ; so I love you because I knew no other way than this , where ' I ' does not exist , nor ' you ' . So close that your hand on my chest is my hand , so close that your eyes close as I fall asleep .... Pablo Neruda . 
Absence diminishes small loves and increases great ones , as the wind blows out the candle and fans the bonfire .... Francois Duc De La Rochefoucauld . 
You know what's the most terrifying thing about admitting that you're in love ? You're just naked . You put yourself in harm's way and you lay down all your defenses . No clothes , no weapons . Nowhere to hide , completely vulnerable . The only thing that makes it tolerable is to believe the other person loves you back and you can trust him not to hurt you .... Unknown . 
Love is when you are kept awake at night with thoughts of him ... and when sleep finally finds you , he is waiting there in your dreams .... Unknown . 
Off to the Icehouse . Should be entertaining . 
I start work on Sunday night ... working M-F , 12am- 8:30 am . One year assignment . I'm excited ! 
had a very relaxing evening . :) 
wonders what certain people are going to do when I'm -not- here to be the human alarm clock anymore ... 
First day of work went fairly well . Lots to remember though . 
Well , off to work . * sighs * 
is very tired , and annoyed at how many times I screwed up at work . Still , it's okay , it was only my second day . Now , to go crawl in my coffin for the day . :) 
is utterly amazed that people seem to be expecting enthusiasm out of me today . 
is very tired , but glad to be going to the bar tonight . :) 
Do I want to head to the Icehouse before I go to the Sweet Home ? 
Fear ? What is there to fear in love ? Love is the very reason we live . To fear love is to lose all sense of living , and if we cannot love , then why have we been put here ? Fearing love is like being afraid of breathing . It's not something to be scared of . It's so natural that no one can resist .... Unknown . 
is definitely going to make sure to sleep next Friday before the bar trip . The guys had to pick me up last night , and I completely crashed when I got home ... at 1 ! :( 
is feeling lost and kind of empty today . I miss him , and I don't want to ... 
is starting work at 10 tonight ... here's hoping all goes well . 
is really , really annoyed now . 
is starting to think that flat-out pissed off is a better way to describe my mood . 
is so sleepy ... 
Court went well . We get Arynna back tomorrow , after DHS talks to < PROPFIRST > . :) 
can't seem to wake up tonight . Of course , that might be because I've been treating my body like crap this week ... 
* sighs * Planned to go to < PROPMALE > . Decided to take a nap before the show , ended up passing out until 1:30 am . Bah . 
is -not- amused by being on insulin again ... or the insulin I'm on ... or what it's doing to my body . Gah ! 
can't wait for this week to be over ... 
It's Friday ! * happy dance * I'm gonna catch a few hours of sleep and then get up and get ready to go out ... Gods , I'm glad it's the weekend ! Hope everyone has been well while I've been buried in paperwork ... 
Hmm ... I wonder if I can convince people that pizza is a really good idea for dinner ... 
Last night was fantastic . I got to < PROPFEMALE > out with the < PROPFEMALE > , absolutely nailed one of my favorite songs , got a couple of kisses from incredibly cute guys , got to dance for the first time in a long time ( though I was pretty bad at it , I haven't done that style in years ) , and I even got my blanket back from the ex ! :) 
thinks low blood sugars are great , ' cause they let me eat ice cream before breakfast ... :) 
would be quite happy to curl into a ball and sleep ... unfortunately I have a school conference to deal with first ... 
wishes the powers that be at my work would give us a little more warning before doing something that breaks all of the tools I need to do my job ... really , warning on the day you're doing it , on a Friday , does NOT help us grave monkeys make money for the company . :) 
is feeling really crappy this morning . 
is wondering how some people in this house manage to keep breathing ... they certainly don't have the brainpower for it ... 
* stomps feet * Don't wanna go to work ! 
has decided that I have just somehow managed to skip the last 24 hours , ' cause really ... I could not possibly have had that bad a day . Not going out tonight , trying to fight off whatever cold I seem to have acquired before it gets too bad ... :( 
is actually awake in time to make dinner tonight . Still tired and sorta sick , but I'm actually functioning okay today ... so far . :P 
doesn't want to go to work feeling like this ... 
I have called the Adecco rep , tried to call ops and have emailed the address my co-workers check all the time . Is this a reasonable effort to \call\ " in sick ? " 
Finally got home about half an hour ago ... gah . Tired Grr . * flop * 
Last night was a hell of a lot of fun . :) 
I've had four hours of sleep today . Think I'll manage to survive work ? 
... and I could last a million years ... if I just get through this night ... 
Happy Solstice , everyone ! 
Whee ! Off to work I go ... on the night I was told I would have off ... :( 
* curls up , all fuzzy brained * Home sick now . Go figure . * sighs * 
Because of my dad and < PROPFIRST > , both of whom are absolutely awesome , I'm sitting here on a pretty shiny netbook . Now , to get it configured properly ... I now remember why I hate XP . 
< PROPFEMALE > christmas ! 
Is looking forward to a very good night . :) 
* sighs * Back on the fucking roller coaster . Just shoot me now ... 
Hmm . Snow . Thank the Gods I don't have to work tonight ... 
Wow . The guy here at < PROPMALE > Schwab got the make and model of my car wrong when he wrote it down ... this does -not- raise my confidence in their competence . No matter how amusing it is . 
made chicken soup tonight ... 
Gods , I miss her ... 
is bored ... 
is home from an amazingly uneventful night at work . My leg hurts like hell , but that's okay ... and my co-worker's jacket saved my ipod from a horrible death ... :) 
mmm ... new music on the ipod ... * happy dance * 
random thing ... if you have an LJ , and are interested in reading mine , let me know . 
* sighs * My house is a complete and utter disaster ... and it's making me just a < PROPFEMALE > bit nuts . 
white 
doesn't -want- to go to work tonight ! 
Once in a while , in the middle of an ordinary life , love gives us a < PROPFEMALE > tale .... Unknown . 
Love and electricity are one in the same , my dear ... if you do not feel the jolt in your soul every time a kiss is shared , a whisper is spoken , a touch is felt , then you're not really in love at all .... C . J . Franks . 
My heart aches , today . I miss her ... 
Icehouse had a band ... so we went to Legends . It was busy , but entertaining . Home now , and getting sleepy ... 
doesn't want to have to deal with documentation and training tonight ... 
Love is ... running into his arms , Colliding with his heart , And exploding into his soul .... Unknown . 
Do you want me to tell you something really subversive ? Love is everything it's cracked up to be . That's why people are so cynical about it ... it really is worth fighting for , being brave for , risking everything for . And the trouble is , if you don't risk anything , you risk even more .... Erica < PROPFEMALE > . 
is going to crash now . Here's hoping I feel better tomorrow . 
is looking forward to the weekend . Unfortunately , it's only Tuesday night ... 
Finally , out of work . Time to sleep ... looking forward to tonight . :) 
is just tired ... of pretty much everything . 
I managed to get around nine hours of sleep today , and I'm -still- exhausted . What the hell ? 
Didn't get a lot of sleep , but I made cookies ... :) 
is home , and happy , and going to sleep now . :) 
is miserably , annoyingly sick for no particular reason that I can figure out . * sighs * I'm feverish and freezing , in two of < PROPFIRST>'s hoodies and two heavy blankets on me . Gah . I -need- to be better for work tomorrow . I can't afford to be sick ... not now . 
is feeling better today . What the hell ? 
isn't looking forward to work tonight ... * sighs * I -so- need a day job . 
is curled up contentedly on the loveseat , listening to < PROPFIRST > game and nibbling < PROPMALE > and cheese . Life is good . :) 
slept a really long time ... and would likely have slept longer if I didn't have to work ... * sighs * 
can't sleep again . * sighs * This will -not- make tonight entertaining . 
managed to get a nap , and am now off to work . Gods , I can't wait until the weekend ! Is it Friday yet ? 
has decided that a graveyard schedule is getting -very- old now . 
In a fairly short time , I will be moving . Does anyone have a truck that I can borrow/use with the owners help to get my stuff into storage ? I don't have a solid time frame as of yet , just ... soon . 
I made it through the week ... * flop * Tired , now . 
Rhi and I looked at a really awesome apartment this afternoon ... it's absolutely perfect . I would welcome all the good energy anyone is willing to send to this ... 
Ugh . Tired . Accomplished a lot today , thanks to < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > and Shane ... lots of frustration though today . And now , to make dinner and go to the party . Even though I forgot the clothing I was going to wear at the Spookhouse . Damnit . 
* sighs * People are stupid , know that ? 
is probably not going to get much done today . Damn being sick , anyway . * sighs * 
Gods , I hate Wednesday nights . Just one more to get through , and I'm done with the week ... :) 
is cleaning , organizing and putting pictures up . After running to the store for a few things . Hopefully , this will manage to be a productive day . :) 
PLACE OF BIRTH ! Everyone please play ! You will find it interesting to know where your FB friends birth places are . Copy & paste this on your profile , then put your place of birth at the end of this sentence ........ Portland , OR 
has chocolate peanut butter ice cream , a pretty flower , a snuggly Pet and a soft bed . Life is good . :) 
So ... fraggin ... sleepy ... * sighs * 
What are people up to tonight ? 
Hmm ... trying to think of something to do tonight . Any ideas ? 
You know , the hardest part about moving into a new place is finding places for all the random crap in the \left over from packing\ " box ... " 
This week really needs to end now . It's been one craptastic thing after another . * sighs * 
Off to Yelm today ... whee ! 
There's nothing like a flood to brighten one's day ... * sighs * I've made every reasonable attempt to call in . Here's hoping -someone- gets the message in time . 
Is it Friday yet ? :( 
Note to self : Do not procrastinate grocery shopping until 8:15 at night when you have to leave for work at 9:30 ... 
Is out of contact with the house tonight ... Shane's phone fell out of his pocket in my car . Rhi's phone is off ... and < PROPFEMALE > lost hers ( again ) over a week ago . * sighs * 
Tonight can end now . I'm sleepy ... 
Friday can not come soon enough . 
Work is quiet tonight . It's a nice change . Here's hoping this sets the trend for the week ... 
I sleep .... * thud * here . 
is seriously debating trying WoW . Thoughts ? :) 
Today sucks . Can I has a new one ? 
Gah . Long week , so far . Here's hoping the downhill stretch is better ... 
Traffic into Vancouver effing SUCKS . That is all . 
I want to go home now . Three more hours ... :( 
* mutters * stupid < PROPMALE > ... 
You know , I never thought I would -ever- say this but ... gah . I'd rather be playing World of Warcraft . Work is annoying bordering on ridiculous tonight . 
The house is clean , the swing is set up , my windchimes are up ... there are even chairs on the patio . Now to get the grill cleaned ... after I post pics . :) 
I am apparently all domestic this weekend . I'm making cookies . And laundry is done . Oh , and we had curry for dinner . :) Also , spent a good evening with < PROPFEMALE > . Life is pretty damned good today . 
I need places to get large amounts of strawberries , raspberries and blackberries at a low price this year . Suggestions ? I want to make a supply of jam this year that will actually last the school year ... 
Love is what makes those ordinary , absolutely boring times in life completely extraordinary . :) 
Got the goodwill stuff gone , picked up two beautifully squishy pillows for the couch ... today has been pretty good , all in all . Now , to deal with work and tomorrow morning ... * sighs * 
I have a Washington number now in addition to my mobile ... poke at me if you want it . 
After such a long time , that looks so weird ... 
Hmm ... make frosting and finish the cake , or play WoW ? 
Small children that decide to be alarm clocks at 8:30 am are going to get < PROPMALE > by their toenails one of these days . 
Trying to throw a party for < PROPFIRST>'s birthday , its an hour in and no one is here . I'm making burgers on the BBQ , there is tasty chocolate cake and people should show up . 
does not want to go to work tonight . I feel like crap , and wanted to stay at < PROPFEMALE>'s birthday party ... 
Friday : Intended to go to Sweet Home , ended up making cake . Saturday : < PROPFIRST>'s party wasn't , was more hanging out with friends . Thank you < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > for coming by . Sunday : Kid birthday parties are always entertaining with silly string . 
Oh , fsking hell . Lice . 
* sighs * Anyone decent at cutting hair that feels like coming over to take a pair of scissors to mine ? 
Well , things are -mostly- cleaned up ... just running through laundry now . * sighs * Unfortunately , there's still far to much to do , and I have to work tonight . Joy . 
I just have to get through the next few hours ... hopefully the weekend will be better than this week has been . 
Mmm ... Flying Pie ... 
Restrooms filled with balloons are not cool . Not cool at all . * twitch * 
Tonight completely blows . I'd call a re-do , but I don't want to live this crap again ... 
Gah ... sleepy ... zzzzzzzzzzzz ... 
* grumbles * Tub won't drain , and the celing leaks . Some days , it's just not worth getting out of bed . However , all the bad things happening lately make me think of the good things in life ... and what is good is -very- good . So maybe it all balances out ? 
Just a few more hours ... * sighs * Sleepy , though . Must not doze at work ... Must not doze at work .. zzzzzzz ... GAH ! 
Fuck . We did -not- need this two weeks out ... 
It's funny how when everything seems to be going wrong , somehow ONE THING goes absolutely right ... 
is being all domestic tonight ... gonna make peanut butter fudge . 
* growls * Pissed off and hungry now ... the janitors cleaned out the fridge tonight . A day later than they were supposed to . And my lunch , that I put in there tonight , is gone . 
To the idiot who messed up my commute : If you insist on going 45MPH in the left < PROPFIRST > on I-5 , you are -going- to get tailgated . Especially if you make it so no one can pass you . Slamming on your brakes at random will not help the situation . 
Just realized that I haven't written more than one or two poems in a few years ... I used to write all the time . Where did that drive wander off to , and how do I get it back ? 
Popcorn ( if the popper works ) and a movie ... quiet night in with the girls tonight . 
is numb , today . 
is feeling better . Not 100% , but I've got wonderful family , awesome friends and a life now that's worth it all . You guys rock , have I mentioned this lately ? 
I'm tired , and feel like crap ... but I have my meds again ! :) 
I hate airports . 
The apartment is so empty feeling without the girls ... I miss them already . Two weeks until they're home ... gah ! 
What's everyone doing tonight ? I'm bored ... 
Went to < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > out with old friends at coffee ... now I'm home , it's 5am and there is still no one home but me . * sighs * This kinda sucks . 
My small called me ! * happy dance * 
is NOT looking forward to hell night ... Gods , I hate Wednesdays . 
It was a good night ... hectic , but good . Looking forward to going out tonight , we have half a year to celebrate , after all . :) 
My phone is currently in < PROPFIRST>'s posession since he grabbed the wrong one before he went to work . So ... only way to reach me is on here . Or through the WA number , that I can forward to his phone . 
I have my phone back now . :) 
Happy Solstice , everyone ! * falls into bed , exhausted * 
I can't wait until the Monsters get home on Saturday ... I miss them a lot . 
Gah . Stupid plane . I want my babies ! The plane got taken out of service when they were at the gate , so the girls have been rescheduled for a flight tomorrow morning ... 
Monsters are home and happily swimming at a park . :) 
Every time you eat a mushroom , you're eating a Smurf's house . 
I am SO worn out . Thankfully , this is the last day of work this week ... I don't think I can take much more of this . 
Thanks for the birthday wishes , everyone ! :) < PROPFIRST > and I will be down at the Sweet Home tonight , I think , once he gets off work . For now , though ? I'm going to bed . The week has been hell , but I have survived it . :) 
Is spending a couple of quiet hours at home before picking the kids up from < PROPFIRST>'s ... 
Happy 4th everyone ! :) 
Rhi is freaking out about a mosquito . * confused * 
Today : housecleaning and laundry . Ugh . 
It is way to godsbedamned hot to be deep-cleaning my apartment . * sighs * About halfway done now , then I get to take the kids to < PROPFIRST > and rest for awhile . 
managed to leave work on time today ... * happy dance * 
Some days , it's just not worth getting out of bed . Today seems to be one of those days . 
is hot and tired and not looking forward to work tonight . However , other than being awake for far too much of it , today has been a pretty good day . Making plans for Seadog with Blue ... we just need to figure out who we're camping with/near this year that won't object to two fairly well-behaved children in camp . 
... looking for another vehicle . I just have to figure out how to finance it ... 
Off to the bar ... :) 
I now own a black Isuzu Rodeo ... and am stuck in traffic with it . Bah . 
is very , very bored . What is everyone up to ? 
Last night was ... yeah , hell is a good word for it . * sighs * Gonna return some phone calls , get Rhi off to school and curl up under my blankets with the boy . It's definitely a day for snuggling and sleeping . Even though I should be taking a car door or two apart to fix some windows ... 
I'll be out of touch the next few days . Will check my phone every so often . 
It's hot . I played in the creek yesterday though . 
Home from Seadog . I'm a little burnt , but it was so worth it ... 
* sighs * Stupid car stereo won't turn on . I suspect the fuse on it may be blown , but I have to get the unit out to check ... 
Screw it . Too many battles , and I don't have the energy to fight a single one . I'm starting to think that none of them are worth the energy , anyway . 
I have a large amount of Tarot that I want to sell ... anyone interested ? 
Rhi did laundry for herself and < PROPFEMALE > today . I'm impressed . I'll be even more impressed if they put it away this time , though . 
Tonight's chore : cooking , baking and preserving . I'm making applesauce and hopefully some apple butter if I have enough apples . I will be making bread pudding and butterscotch chip cookies if I have time/energy . I'm also going to be freezing eggs for later use , we have a lot of ' em . Feeling domestic tonight ... just wish someone was here to < PROPFEMALE > out with me while I do all of this . 
* flop * Bread pudding and applesauce made . I tired now . 
Will the universe just stop messing with my head already ? 
Well , crap . I'm out of game time on WoW . This completely blows . 
Still missing her . I think I always will . 
Was a pretty good night . I'm damned thankful for my friends . You guys are awesome . 
The stereo in Tramp lives ! Thanks , < PROPFIRST > . You rock . :) 
< PROPFIRST > and I made 13 containers of jam today ... blueberry and strawberry . Now , if the blueberry would just set properly . Debating making cookies as well , since < PROPFIRST > is at work and I'm utterly bored ... 
Home from work on time , gonna take some allergy meds and curl up in a warm bed . Once I drag < PROPFIRST > away from WoW . :) 
is sick and wanting to go home . Two and a half hours left ... why can't the night be over already ? 
I am hand-sewing a cloak . I must be insane . 
Far too much to do , and no time to do it . Have to figure out how to get three pans of fudge done ... and I have to leave for work in an hour . This is -not- going to work . Nothing is packed for Revel , I still have to figure out how to feed us for the weekend , and my mother is annoying the hell out of me . GAH ! 
I might have to replace my phone , if it keeps randomly rebooting on me like this . THis effing sucks . 
* sighs * Rhi's being a snot , while I'm trying to get things together for the event . ( < PROPFIRST > got tomorrow off ... YAY ! ) Explain to me why I'm taking her to the event , instead of dropping her off with her grandmother for the weekend ? 
Almost done packing the truck , then on our way to Blackthorne Revel ! :) 
That's it ... I'm shaving their heads . * is frustrated * 
Things are , at the moment , looking up . Here's hoping I haven't jinxed it by saying something . :P 
I have dash lights ! :) 
I fixed the Wii ... :) 
Temporary fix on Tramp's window completed . Now , on to the next project ... 
It's Saturday night , and I'm stuck at home bored . Gah ! 
* sighs * The world sucks , today . 
Was going to go to a party tonight , but I'm sick and exhausted and just want to curl up in a miserable little ball . Maybe tomorrow will be better ? 
One more day of monsters ... then it's back to school they go ! :) 
Damn , that's some serious rain ! Hello , Fall ? 
I am SO done . I am -not- going to deal with people taking advantage of my family anymore ... those who think they can are going to get a -very- rude awakening . 
So tired ... thank the Gods tomorrow is Friday . I'm so beyond done with this week now . 
Mmm . Caramel Corn . :) 
Ugh ... can't get sleepy -now- ... I have to leave for work in two and a half hours ! 
is not amused ... just got a disconnect notice from the water company . A < PROPMALE > that the landlord is supposed to pay . 
Bored bored bored ... waiting for < PROPFIRST > to get home from work so we can go to the bar ... 
* sighs * The girls are asleep , the house is -almost- silent ... except that I can hear water dripping into the bucket underneath the hole in my ceiling . You know , I'm really starting to dislike this place . 
is rather cranky today . 
Found two houses on the RMLS website that I am very interested in . I wonder what my chances would be of being able to pull it off ... 
I wake up to ... a hell of a lot of pain , ominous text messages and a wonky voice . Can I fast-forward to tomorrow , now ? Maybe Friday ? 
has a sick mate and the makings of a large pot of chicken soup . Methinks these go together , somehow . 
Soup made . I collapse in my chair and eat some now . :) 
Farmville was annoying me , so it's gone now . 
It has been an interesting week so far . I've dealt with the girls ' school about Rhi's health stuff again , played a decent amount of WoW , had a couple of fantastic curries and really , haven't gotten a whole hell of a lot done . I'm happy , though . 
My best friend apparently just got the double transplant he was on the list for . I'm really happy for him ! * bounces * 
You know , I really like my job , but some nights it's incredibly boring . Like now . 
Last night seriously sucked . If I never have another night like that , it'll be too soon . Sadly , those nights happen semi-frequently . Still ... it's the weekend ! Yay ! 
* blinks * Why exactly would a package that is leaving Detroit and coming -here- go through a processing center in Atlanta five days after it was mailed ? 
Package is here , and I'm now running BC . I can play with pretty shiny jewels ! 
My main worry just disappeared . I'm almost giddy . Life is good at the moment ... 
So today is apparently \I Am Beautiful\ " day . It is also < PROPMALE>'s birthday . Anyone else seeing a connection here ? * grins * " 
is incredibly bored , thinking of maybe running around on WoW for awhile . If anyone is interested in joining me , I'm on < PROPFEMALE > Dream . 
Is the weekend really over already ? I'm SO not looking forward to this week ... 
wants everything to fall into place ... -right now- ! 
Two more nights . Gods , this week is dragging ! 
Yummyween was a blast . At Fat Daves now , spending time with my baby away from home and the game . Life is good . :) 
Finally got to level 50 on my shaman . Only 10 more levels to go until I reach my next goal : flight . 
I swear , life has been one long , stretched out fog of exhaustion lately . I really hope it ends soon , kinda sick of it now . 
The roof ... is still leaking . * sighs * 
is going to be utterly exhausted at work tonight ... 
There is a kitten outside my apartment ... all tabby striped and cute with these gorgeous < PROPFEMALE > eyes ... 
Happy Samhain , everyone ! :) 
I fly ! 
So ... the transmission gave out on Christine ... and of course we have no resources available to fix it . We -need- her running ... and right now she's sitting in the parking lot at < PROPFIRST>'s work . Sans the rear license plate , because some asshat decided to steal it . \ 
\ 
I am -not- amused . 
If\ 
you have a wonderful man in your life , who may not be perfect , but is \ 
perfect for you , who works hard ( and plays harder ) , who would do \ 
anything for you ( in his own way of course ) , who makes you laugh , who is\ 
your best friend ( sometimes you're each others only friend ) , who you \ 
want to grow old with ( if you don't kill him first ) , and who you are \ 
thankful for every day , post this as your status . 
We pushed < PROPFEMALE > home with the Tramp . I'm not sure which vehicle I felt more sorry for ... < PROPFEMALE > was surrounded with smoke by the end of it , but well , Tramp had to push her through a lef t-t urn intersection ... 
is tired ... and so glad it's the weekend ! 
The brakes on Tramp died . It's at the shop , hopefully not costing a huge amount to fix ... and I rented a car for the day . It's a Ford Focus ... drives nice , but it's a Ford . * sighs * Still , it makes me want to drive it , but I need sleep . Gah ! I nap , until they call me about the truck . 
Okay , so the brakes are going to cost a huge amount to fix . At the moment they're trying to get a set of pads on the rear , that's pretty much all I can afford . And really , I shouldn't even be doing that , except that I need to get to and from work . \ 
Why does everything have to go wrong at once ? 
Car go zoom . Unfortunately , car goes zooming back to the rental place in an hour . :( 
Got the truck back , not grinding anymore for now but I'm seriously thinking that it's more of a liability than an asset . I have a few ideas , but they're gonna have to wait a bit . Rent first , then bills , then everything else . Thank the Gods rent gets paid today . 
So much to do , so little time ... a little over a month . MEEP ! 
wishes she were at Con . 
Is tired , miserable and cranky . I don't want to deal with work tonight ... maybe in a few days when the antibiotics kick in and I'm not in so much pain . Damned teeth . 
Apparently < PROPFEMALE > has gotten to the stage where she has decided to hide what she's doing on the computer from me . Ideas on how to make this stop ? 
$140 in phone charges on < PROPFEMALE>'s cell since August . She no longer has a phone . If anyone needs to get ahold of her , use Rhi's phone , but understand that it IS Rhi's phone , not hers . \ 
As for web , she's off it until further notice . I'm probably going to find a parental control program . If she earns web back . That might take awhile . 
* screams in frustration * 
Okay , Rhi's phone goes on the 22nd . She opted to turn hers off as well in exchange for there being a house phone . Unlimited local and long distance , apparently , so yes < PROPMALE > , the girls can still call you . :) Poke at me if you want the number , people . :) 
is tired already , and I have to leave for work in half an hour . Joy . * sighs * 
Tired ... * whimper * 
Still tired ... but I'm getting rid of the irritant that is my truck . This is good thing . Here's hoping it all goes through okay . 
Slept all day . Staying home tonight , ' cause < PROPFIRST > is sleepy . Is good though , we actually get to spend some time together . :) 
Needed : 80gb hard drive ( or something around there ) that someone is willing to sell me cheap . < PROPFEMALE>'s computer is pretty much out of space , and I'm trying to install a game for her ... 
Feeling accomplished . < PROPFEMALE > now has a larger hard drive , and I installed it in about 20 minutes ... I needed a newer cable . Thankfully < PROPFIRST > was able to dig one up from his random boxes of stuff . :) 
Okay , time to drag my butt to work . * sighs * This will be an interesting night . I'm tired , not feeling well and haven't eaten a whole hell of a lot today . At least I did -one- thing right . < PROPFEMALE>'s computer hasn't crashed once so far . 
Sending out Christmas cards . Message me your address if you want one . :) 
Spent the night curled up with < PROPFIRST > watching movies . The Sorcerer's Apprentice and the new < PROPFIRST > Hood flick , to be exact . I have to say that I'm extremely impressed with both . Also , we got some cleaning done ... still -tons- more to do on that before the 18th , but we'll get there . Really , we will . 
You know , I'm starting to find the fact that so many things seem to be planned for December 18th amusing . < PROPFIRST > and I are getting married that day at 4pm . It's going to be a small thing in our apartment , so unfortunately we can't have a whole lot of people attend ... we're talking about doing a reception sometime after the first of the year . Also , we'll be at Pirate Karaoke that night , so come celebrate with us ! :) 
Ugh . I hate being sick . 
Not sure I like the new profile format ... 
Early Christmas gifts for < PROPFIRST > and I - Cataclysm . * happy dance * 
This sounds interesting and fun so ... \ 
Send me a fb mail message with a number and I\ll post a status with your number saying what I think of you . \ 
#513 : I miss you a hell of a lot . We need to < PROPFEMALE > out soon . That said , you are one of the best people I know . You are a great friend , and have a huge heart . You always tell me what I -need- to hear , wether or not I -want- to hear it . 
... earrings ... * twitch * 
If I'm not allowed to sleep , I should play WoW , right ? * snort * Nope . Server is full , I'm in the queue . At least it's going quickly . Ish . 
I am , out of sheer boredom , installing WoW on the netbook . We'll see how it runs . \ 
Now , if only I had a spare USB mouse ... the trackpad on that blows . 
I really want strawberry shortcake . Hell of a craving to have at 5:30 in the morning ... * sighs * 
Today seems like a good day to curl back up in bed and let the universe go to hell in a handbasket . After enough crap to deal with , you just stop caring beyond the \Again ? * sigh * Alright ... \"" 
House is , for the most part , clean . We're as ready as we can get until the last minute madness in the morning ... and tonight , we'll be at the Sweet Home . Gonna leave to get < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > in half an hour . :) 
Apple Pie + Fireball = best drink ever ! :) 
Leftover taco pizza . Yum . Now to get my hair done , the rest of the house done , and run around like a headless chicken . \ 
MEEP ! 
I am hiding today . Feel free to text , I may answer ... but I'm not answering the phone . 
Happy Yule , everyone ! 
I give up . It's not that I can't please everyone , it's that I can't please -anyone- . 
Finally home ... seems like the past two days has been this huge rush of spending holidays with family . Three separate houses , this year . We actually did get the tree up at our place , though , and it looks fantastic ! I've got lots of pics to share ... once they're downloaded from the camera that is . \ 
Best gifts received : A gorgeous chess set , a wolf candle holder and a 18 pc . knife set w/block . 
My best friend is in town , and the butthead doesn't tell me until I'm getting ready for work . * sighs * Here's hoping I'll get to meet up with him before he goes back to Klamath Falls on Thursday ... 
Finally got the post office to deliver the package from < PROPMALE > . The girls love their presents . 
I'm wearing my slippers to work tonight . I don't know whether to be amused at this or pissed that my feet are too swollen to fit into my shoes . -.- 
I'm being forced to write a moody , slightly depressed , completely obsessive character . This is going to be interesting . 
I have to say , so far < PROPFIRST > is an amazing writing partner . Even if he does go on random tangents that last for long periods of time . :) 
The finest for of worship anyone can give is song . It doesn't matter what song , or what/who you worship . Music moves the soul . 
Hanging out with < PROPFIRST > , the kids , and my brother ... getting stuff done around the house ... it's a good day . :) 
Note to self 1 : No stealing < PROPFIRST>'s lemon-ginger tea . You will end up with his fuzzy head , sore throat and cough . 
Note to self 2 : Never start writing as you're getting ready for work . 
Note to self 3 : Stop speeding , moron ! ( No , I did not get pulled over this time . ) 
I went to bed at about 6:30 am on the 10th . This is the first time I've been out of bed since then ... and it's only because the only thing I've eaten is a cup of yogurt that < PROPFIRST > brought me sometime this morning . My temp keeps going up ... and I promised my boss I'd be at work tonight . Shoot me ? 
Just got the message a little while ago ... my granddaughter , Arynna , died today . She had the same thing I have , and just never woke up from her nap ... 
* sighs * Worn out . Gonna take a nap before work . Hope no one else is getting this crud . 
You know , its really amusing when you open the laptop and start browsing facebook only to realize that your husband's profile is similar enough to your own that you don't notice you're on his for at least five minutes ... :P 
Tired . Still can't breathe right ... and this cough needs to go away now . 
Selling the Buick . Needs transmission work . $900 or best offer . I doubt any of you would be interested , but must advertise on all avenues ... :) 
Damn you , server maintenance ! 
is exhausted , in pain , and just generally feeling like crap . Don't -want- to go in to work tonight . 
Back spasming , body generally aching , gotta go get gas in the Jeep and try to get some sleep before court today ... then somehow , Gods only know how , I have to try to get through work tonight . Damned traffic ticket , remind me not to get caught speeding anymore . 
Legend of the Guardians was a cute kids flick , and it was really pretty ... but I was incredibly bored the entire time I was watching it . * sighs * Now , off to ice cream at < PROPMALE > & < PROPFIRST>'s and then to Wunderland for < PROPFEMALE>'s birthday thing that we put off until today . Should be relatively entertaining . 
Great . I get sick just as I'm getting up for work . It's too late to call in ... tonight is going to be interesting . In a bad way . * sighs * 
I effing hate hospitals . I'm thirsty and hungry and getting just a little cranky ... 
Ahh ... home ! 
Okay , I am SO done . I need a more suitable host body . 
Going to try this work thing . Here's hoping I last the night ... I've missed far too much work lately . Unfortunately , my body doesn't agree . I'd have called in if it hadn't been 5pm when this hit ... 
Trying to install Halo on Rhi's computer . Now , the dumb thing has run it flawlessly before , but now ... it's giving me a DirectDraw error . Says that DirectDraw is not available . WTF ? 
I'm just about to start my Wednesday , and already it feels like it should be the end of the week . I'm worn out already , as well as really damned sore from falling on concrete yesterday . Stupid driveway . Hope everyone else is having a better week . 
Getting an eye exam and new glasses is apparently a hassle that is going to take half of my day . * growls * 
Well , the eye doc told me one thing I didn't already know ... there isn't a cataract in my left eye . It's retinal scarring . * sighs * So ... technically blind iin my left eye , and they can do nothing to improve the right . No new glasses , and a referral to Devers . I should have just gone there to begin with . -.- 
Rhi's temp suddenly jumped to 102.4 , < PROPFEMALE>'s is at 100.6 . I called my boss , ' cause I need to be here monitoring them tonight - they both started wheezing and coughing as well . So I go to take < PROPFIRST > his glasses really quick , and I have a flat tire . 
~ No one will get this right ! My middle name__________ , my age___ , my favorite soda_______ , my full birthday___/___/___ , the love of my life______ , my best friend_____ , my favorite color______ , my eye color_______ , my hair color______ my favorite food________ , and my moms name__________ !!! Put this as your status and see who knows you best . :P 
Please put this as your status for at least 1 hour if you or someone you know has an invisible illness ( Neuropathy , Fibromyalgia , Cystic Fibrosis , Lupus , Diabetes , Crohns , PCOS , Rheumatoid Arthritis , Kidney Disease , Epilepsy , MS , Depression , Bipolar , M.E Autism/Aspergers etc ) . Do it for all who have an invisible illness . It's a daily struggle feeling sick on the inside while you look fine on the outside .....? 
As of April 1st , I will no longer be employed . Here's hoping that I can find a par t-t ime , actual day job in Vancouver sometime relatively soon after that . 
Had the night from hell . As much as I'll miss the paychecks , I certainly won't miss the stress . Here's hoping the day goes a bit better . 
I has a dishwasher ! 
So , we pull into the driveway after a meeting at the girls ' school , and the trip meter in the jeep says 133.7 . * snickers * 
Breakfast @ The Roxy ... whee ! 
Ugh . I hate it when my stomach decides that it hates me . In bed , waiting for < PROPFIRST > to bring me sprite ... 
The girls are having a sleepover at the neighbor's , and < PROPFIRST > is at work . I get the night to myself ... wonder what I'm gonna do . 
