has doctor's appoiment on monday to see if i need surgery to fix my shoulder wish me luck ill need it . 

sleep but cant mindturm 
i get to turn in my paper today and i hope i did well on my last 2 < PROPFEMALE > essay i also like english more than math now lol 
class was cancled happy dance 
wants to sleep so bad but cant have to tests in two days someone kill me 
tired so tired and hungry lol 
her words are not going to bring me down anymore 
i got a 81% on my midturm 
sleep must sleep 
missed first class today cus forgot fo set alarm lol 
its friday 
i dont remember this weekend 
needs more sleep but has class 
played ninja tag last night it was so fun 
if f(x) = 32x+5 and g(x) = x^2(6+54)-5 caculate how long it will take for my head to explode on todays math test lol 
what realy sucks about being lied to is knowing ur not worth the time for the truth !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
wants to sleep but has english then math 
is woundering what comes after life do we go to sleep and never wake up or is there something else out there witch religon got it right or are they all wrong no im not high or drunk just thinking 
im sick and i hate everything . Need sleep but cant i have a paper due tomorow dam homework to the deepest pits of hell where it belongs . I am going to have to double dose on emergen C and take cold meds with night quill to go to sleep tonight ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh !!!!! 
dam how long are head colds last this is cutting into my takeing over the world time . 
wants to not be sick not rushing to the bathroom every 20 mins , not to have a pounding headake , or for my intestens to be in a knot 
has an MRI tomorow hopfully they can fix my sholder 
i do not like the rain 
all of my cloths just got pissed on by a drunk ass mother fucker who came into my room at 330 when my roommate and i were sleeping and droped hes pants and started pissing in my landre hamper . 
has a 25% of my grade paper and presination in english due th 17th and a presentation in history of sports and PE due the 10th so so fun cant wait for brains to start leaking out the side of my head 
has a test in math tomorow over logrithms and how to solve and move around wish me luck 
went to bed at 1030 but didnt fall asleep till 1 because people above us and in are pod have no respect for sleep 
If you are reading this , whether we do or don't speak often , please post a comment of the first memory you have of you and me that pops into your head . When you are finished post this paragraph on your own status & you will be surprised what people remember about you 
i hate being tired and i hate being sore i hate shots and how they make you sick to make you better i hate homework i hate people who think there perfict but most of all i hate fair weather friends !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
my favort excuse is \o theres to many people going but if we go some where else we will call/come get you\ " thats a bunch of bs . " 
my teachers are trying to make me fail i have 2 presantations on the same day and 3 papers due with in 1 week of the presantations 
wow i hate people , when i post something one a poll i took they tell me im wrong its funny how they think i care its funny how they think i will convert to there religon and its funny how they keep quoting a book wich was writen by man not god , man . So to all my haters out there i believe in evolution and im sticking to it you cant say anything to change that sorry . 
Ok so my presantation is tomorow and its worth 25% of my english grade . Any luck or any wish's you can send my way is very much need . 
sleep i want sleep one day where i dont have to get up till 4 in the afternoon yes that sounds nice 
Had my first homemade dinner in months and loved it 
is back at sunrise for 6 shifts for some quick cash but with restrictions 5 more shifts left lol monday , tusday , wensday , monday , tusday , wensday night . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all 
16 hour work days 3 days a week :/ 
wants to know what sleep is 
happy new year all 
has to go through physical therapy if it doesnt help have to go in for surgery to remove scar tissue and to reatach the ligiments . 
JUST FOUND OUT I GOT A $ 3,685 . 19 SCHLORSHIP YES !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
someone from mesa state help me loans get created to your acount on the 15th right ? 
i want to go back to college already 
please no one gt mad at me this is just my view but why is it always up to the United States to help out when there is a natural disaster and no other country comes to our aid when we are hit hard yes we are one of the biggest nations but still we never help enouf or they dont want us there I see a double standered ( again just my view and sorry about spelling ) . 
starts school tomorow and my first class is western civ then my human growth and develpoment my mithology class doesnt start till feb 9th 
has headack advel not working ready to kill next living thing I see 
Let's see how forthcoming my facebook friends are . Leave a 1 word comment that you think best describes me . It can only be 1 word . No more than 1 word . Then copy & paste this post on your wall so I can leave a word about you . This should be interesting ... :) 
If you and I woke up in jail together ..... using only 4 words .... what would you say to me ? Now copy and paste this as your status and see what people say 
wants to stop being sick i also hate how being sick slowly moves down and out if u catch my drift 
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh enouf 
Ok nap time im so tired lol 
i like my human growth and devolpment class in witch i have a %81 and just got a %76 on my first test this is going to be a good year 
is home for the weekend and going to see < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > and the olympions : the lightening thef with mom tomorow then time to hit the books for my kine class exam 
ok this is a friendly post dont get mad please i just want to know what your belief systems are and why you believe in them for example i believe in evolution but that something created the big bang and intervened over time . 
K just messed up my elbow realy bad 
begon saten hello shamu 
I would throw a < PROPFEMALE > in the middel of to jews and watch them fight to the death , if it were cathlitic priests i would throw in a small boy hahahaha- Achmed the dead terest 
Is wondering , if you saw me in the back of a police car wearing handcuffs , what would you think I'd been arrested for ? 
yes just found out i got a %75 on my test in athletic training and have a %88 over all in the class and that my final exam i due april 15 and its a group project . 
This friday i get to go see a Thermal Imaging & Gait Analysis at mesa states new human performance lab its going to be fun 
Jeffafa Done Ham 
\So two jews walk into a bar\ " \ " no no no\ " \ " whats wrong you dont let jews into your bars you racist basterd\ " A . C . Plhem " 
ok so i got a tattoo of an eagle wings out with the american flag wraped around it on my back inbetween my shoulder bladesfrom coller to end of shoulder blades im hopeing to post some picts soon 
tattoos are ichie ahahahahahah make itch go away 
Ok id like to take a minite and thank everyone who has searved this country and defended us in times of need . I have had the honor to meet and take care of some of the brave men and women how defend us past presant and future . Thank You ( and yes i know i cant spell ) . 
God damit o o I meen < PROPFEMALE > damit- A . C . Phlem 
whats everyones view on the death penality its for a class assiment if you dont mind can i use your responces thank you 
Ok its realy hard to get back into the swing of things after a break and spring break was way to short . Im ready for another break lol 
oh great ! now the voices in my head are speaking spanish ! 
was skipping down a < PROPFIRST > with < PROPFEMALE > canes everywhere , when I heard a loud voice telling me to put my clothes back on and to stop licking a lamp post . 
School sucks my teachers hate me i know it otherwise how would they know that everything is due in two weeks thats 5 online quizs , 1 webquest , 2 essays , and 2 tests I AM GOING TO GO INSAIN AHAHAHAHAHAHAH 
world domination has been put on hold untill i get my squirls i got the monkey ( dont ask how ) my plans include them so im apointing my genirals to secure them for me and any questions and ill answer 
Oh ... dear ... God ... what ... has ... happened ... to . .. me ? The voices in my head are singing in Japanese . 
holy crap working out works . I just gained 4 pounds of pure muscle and had to lose some body fat as well so i might have gained more . 
Quick , pick a color from 1 to 10 . 
clearly your mother didn't beat you enough 
wants to know ... If guns kill people , can I blame miss spelled words on my pencil ? 
insides cramping , headake , mild fevor , sinus pressure , no apatite , and going to the bathroom to much yep im sick but did it have to be the week when all my homework is do ? 
5 quizs check 1 webquest check 1 test check 1 essay check 1 more essay test and an exercise precreption due come on april 15 
In loving memory of every cancer patient , family and friends who have lost their battle with cancer , and the one's who continue to conquer it ! Put this on your < PROPFEMALE > if you know someone who has or had cancer . Dear God I pray for a cure for cancer . Amen . Many won't copy and paste this . I did . Will you ? 
Ok this realy pisses me off i just heard of another bisexual teen getting beaten up because of who he is i am sick and tired of people putting others down because of who they are , this has got to stop 
ok im going to prune my friends if you want to stay my friend RESPOND . Altho there are a few i will not delete 
Ok let's see who has a good memory . Post a comment of the first time you met me or an awsome memory u have had with me . Repost this to your status and see what people remember . :-) 
wonders how many people he would have actually killed if he had telekinetic abilities . 
wow just found out im going to be a brother in law , and a second cousin . Im now getting ready in one year to go to delaware . congrats sis , and cousin 
is it bad to be addicted to the pain of the next day after a work out ? 
So , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is getting his 8th divorce and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > is possibly getting married for a 9th time . < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and Tiger Woods will screw anything with a hole . Yet the idea of same-sex marriage is what is going to destroy the institution of marriage ? REALLY ?!? Really ?!?!?!?!? Go ahead and copy & paste if you agree . 
thinks it is funny that nobody ever wants to trust , believe or listen to him .. only in the end to find out he was right all along . 
says - \Change is also what Germany was looking for in 1932 \"" 
i found out i got a 91% in my athletic training and exercise precription class yes !!!!!!!!!! 
Yes I am done with my first year of college and i found out i got A's on all of my tests in an english class , it was Mythology though but still an english class 
i start work on saterday and dont stop till college in the fall wish me luck . At least this time i wont be working for minimum wage 
2 A's 1 B and a C o ya im good lol . 
ok im sunburnt to hell from cutting grass ahhhhhhhh . o well i get the money will be worth it in the end even though touching anything right now hurts and im now a real red neck lol 
i need a tall and large acholic drink with half of it being alcohol . I get to work for 2 sick people so i get to do the work of 3 . 
working for 3 night shifts 16 hours each i get tonight off and then work tomorow at 745am o ya im going to pass out in the yard tomorow 
3 weeks this sunday anybody know what that day is ? 
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh i hate stuped people at work i i kill this person who will help me bury the body 
K this is werd who else is ready to go back to college ( dont get me wrong i love being home ) but still ? 
i hate < PROPMALE > bushes and things that cut you when you trim them lol 
Ok im am beyond bord there is nothing to do up here . someone please i need something to do other than work . 
14 day why does it feel like 3 months ? 
ok people i have discided that i am very lucky to have around . reason 1 the first time i was away from home was my first year of college and that is when our pigs got out of their pin the first day we had them . reason 2 today i was to have today off and had to work and our dog was sprayed by a skunk . so on both events i didnt have to deal with it . 
thanks everyone for the b day wishes 
that was fun party with my cus , drinking ( yes im legal ) fireworks and burnt the hell out of my fingers yep a normal 4th at the eyre house . 
ok i want a life i am sick and tired of work its all i ever do . I never have any time for anything else . and on top of work i now have to start class in biology . I dont want to work on friday and saterday let alown tomorow i just wnat to have fun !!!!! DAMIT 
god i can not wait to go to vegas for a week just another 2 weeks and 2 days 
if i ever send you an invite can u please add it you never have to play it just helps me out 
Ahhhhhhh in need a life lol at least out side of work 
11 day and ill be landing in vegas and wont be working till next summer wish me luck ill need it 
ok eyelids not working someone help i have to drive home 
ok i need a vecation now i dont think i can wait for a week to go to vegas eather it needs to cool down or it needs to be next sunday now . 
6 days just 6 days 
Ahhhh how could i forget to put my references in on a paper and to think i got a B in english . 
YES just 1 more day 
time to lose $200 and memory for 5 days yep its time for VEGAS . 
ok im totaly drunk and just puked on the hooters bar lol k wish me luck for the next 4 days hehe 
k Vegas was a blast . I puked on hooters bar , got drunk almost every night , and lost all of my money . Best bday party ever 
i just tore the back of my ankle on a wooden chair . Dam it burns bad thank god i know how to heal well . 
back to school tomorow . 
yuck i hate cell tech 
I thursty for something . what do i want ? 
dam im bord nothing to do in junction 
I fill like im still on the tredmill . LOL 
Just took the bones test in my A&P lab class my brain is fried and i think i did ok . Who came up with the names for the bones . And who ever did needs to die a slow and painfull death because they are not easy to spell 
best school day ever my first class a 9am was cancled due to the prof got called into a meeting and my next and only other class had a pice of paper that said the class was cancled . No school today 
One question if im paying so much money to mesa state why cant i just have internet in my pod and not have to come to the computer lab ??? 
my tounge hurts !!! who would have thought that a tounge can swell up after a piercing . lol 
congrats cousin < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > . The just had a baby boy today around 4am 
I CAN NOW TAPE ANKLES . tEACHER SAID I DID A GOOD JOB !!! :) 
ok my heads going to explode . There are way to many bones in the human body , and to top it off i have to know the cat as well . The sad thing is that i understand and know all of the muscles except the ones in the leg . 
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH WAY TO MANY FUCKING MUSCLES !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I have the panther flu . 
3 big tests tomorow wish me luck . 
Let'ssee how forth coming my Facebook friends are ... And if they are paying attention . Leave a 1 word comment that you think best describes me usingthe THIRD letter of your first name , No repeats . It can only be 1 word . Then copy and paste this post on your wall so I can leave a word about ...... 
one question : if zombies eat human flesh , why dont zombies eat other zombies ? i mean they are human and also have flesh 
Please\ 
put this in your status if you know or love someone who is gay . My wish\ 
for 2010 is that people will understand that being gay is neither a \ 
disease nor a choice - people who are gay are not looking for a cure but\ 
ACCEPTANCE and EQUAL RIGHTS ... 93% won't copy and paste this . Will you \ 
...... make it your status for at ...... least one hour ? .... Promote LOVE\ 
& Acceptance , not hate . YES is the answer ! 
I got a B on my lab test in anamity . 
1\ 
of every 10 people born is gay . That means 1 in 10 people are instantly\ 
put down , given bad labels , left alone , put in a minority and so much \ 
more all for something they didn't ask for . Many gay teens are \ 
committing suicide as a way of escaping . If you want to tell them life \ 
will get better and you respect them for who they are cop ... y and paste \ 
this . Most of you won't , but lets see the 5% of you who will . 
If your Dad is or was your hero , your best friend , or just the best Dad ever , whether you are blessed to still have your Dad with you , or if he is an angel in heaven , copy and paste this to your status and let everyone know you are proud of your Dad and that you love him . 
Please , join me in putting this in yourstatus if you or someone you love has been eaten by velociraptors . It'stimeto let silent victims everywhere know that there is no shame in beingripped limb from limb and gobbled up for vicious sport . ... Velociraptorsare , after all , kind of unstoppable . 93% won't copy and paste this , but let's see ... that 7% that will ... 
i cant feel my legs . i think i worked out to much on the bike . Also abs hurt lol 
Soooooo i scared a random little girl ... ya i feel bad lol 
now i know my prof's hate me for the 3rd time i have 3 tests with in 2 days . Also to boot i have to remember the nevrous system , ear , eye , and respatory system for my lab test . If i make it through this simestor sain there has to be a god and for some reason he likes me . lol 
sleep why do u evade me ? i dont know what i did to make u mad but i promiss that we can work this out . Oh and the thing with my pillow its nothing really . 
i think that if my head doesnt stop hurting soon there going to be able to examine my brain for class instaid of the sheep brains . AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH 
k elpitacle for an hour . Now i cant feel my legs help !!! 
alright !!!!! got a 88% on my lab test . Altho teacher told me i might want to to charts >.< 
stayed up till 2 talking to my best friend that lives on the western sloop . K now im tired lol 
I just saw my life flash before my eyes . This is how it went . Textbook , textbook , textbook , textbook , textbook ... lol 
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH k im pissed if u couldnt tell 
first class canceled lets hope my next 2 are as well 
i need to bath in bleach now !!!! I had to cut into a cat we had sence the first of the year and they are not refrigerated uhhhhhh . I dont have problems with bad smells but i almost puked >.< 
Happy turkey day !!! 
ok friends owe me big time !!! 
I hate the time inbetween when your body decides if your going to be healthy or sick Just make a disition please !!! ( GO for healthy ) 
\how do you feel after winning the race ? \ " \ " It feels great but the spiders are crawling all over me again\ " ( < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ) . " 
A\ 
true friend doesn't care when you're broke , being a bitch , what you \ 
weigh , if your house is a mess , what you drive , about your past , or if \ 
your family is filled with crazy people . Your conversations pick up \ 
where they left off , even if they have been months apart . They \ 
... love .... you .... for who you are . Re-post if you have .... at least \ 
one .... true friend 
Change\ 
your facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood & \ 
invite your friends to do the same . Until Monday ( Dec 6 ) there should be\ 
no human faces on facebook , but an invasion of memories . This is for a \ 
CAMPAIGN AGAINST VIOLENCE against children . 
I hate people ! I really fucking hate people !!! Some people just cant grow up just because i say hi to someone who i have be on the outs for a wile dosnt mean i still cant be friends . UHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH 
UHHHHH i think i just passed out at the dinner table i was streching and the next thing i remember is my head was on my arm . Now i feel like crap , my head is spining , my stomich is in nots and i cant really think straight . No one saw me get sick so it wasnt long . 
one more class if it wasnt for this class i would be able to to leave today but no i get to leave on next thursday 
I am great !!! I get to help someone who is in pain and for once i know what to do 
cant open my eyes and i have to drive to < PROPFEMALE > lol 
Just got to < PROPFEMALE > out with my 2nd \mom\ " and \ " brother\ " wall waiting for < PROPFEMALE > to get done with her final . Miss you friends have a safe and happy x miss " 
If i was arrested for something what would it be for ? 
It takes 7 seconds for food to pass from mouth to stomach . A human hair can hold 3kg . The length of a penis is 3 times the length of the thumb . The femur is as hard as concrete . A woman's heart beats faster then a man's . Women blink 2x as much as men . We use 300 muscles just to keep our balance when we stand . The woman has read this entire text . The man is still looking at his thumb .. Repost if this made you smile ! 
Leave me a 1-word comment that best describes me using the THIRD letter of YOUR FIRST Name ... It can only be 1 word ... Then copy and paste this to your wall so I can leave a word about you ... Don't just post a word & not copy . That's no fun :-) 
If your Mom is or was your hero , your best friend , or just the best Mom ever , if you are blessed to still have your Mom or if she is an angel in heaven , paste this to your status and let everybody know you are proud of your Mom , and that you love her dearly . You can replace a lot of people in life , but you only have one Mom ... I LOVE YOU MOM ! 
I shower naked ... HOW NAUGHTY AM I ? 
I hate wood so much right now . Stacking killed my back and i cant stand up really straight yet lol . Time for a hot shower . 
ahhhhhhhh i love hot showers k now its nap time 
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH 
< PROPFEMALE > foxtrot yankee < PROPFIRST > uniform < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > november uniform november < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > november < PROPFEMALE > tango hotel < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > papa yankee < PROPFEMALE > november < PROPFEMALE > papa < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango tango < PROPFIRST > yankee < PROPFIRST > uniform < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > tango uniform < PROPFEMALE > .. lets see who gets it and follows the instructions ( just to annoy you ) 
back in junction . hit me up 
Im now a certified professional rescuer . Im certified in cpr and a.e.d use , first aid , and administering emergency oxygen 
This sucks i have to wright papers for weight training lol 
left side tempel and behind the eye headack ya i hate life right now . ( i am taking anything and everything to take care of it lol ) 
k my vision is shaking back and forth i hate it when my eyes get tired and cant focus 
schools . Out . For . The . Weekend . 
Do any of us really know everybody on our friends list ? I want all my FB friends to comment on this status about how u met me . Then you do it and see what u get 
if you're not scared , put this on your status and see what people rate you . ( 1) = crazy . ( 2)=I'd marry you . ( 3) = attractive . ( 4) = sarcastic . ( 5) = i missyou . ( 6)=I'd kiss you . ( 7) = moody . ( 8) = smart . ( 9) = energetic . ( 10) = random . ( 11) = hot . ( 12) = funny . ( 13) = fit . ( 14) = amazing . ( 15) = tough . ( 16) = cute . ( 17 ) nerd . ( 18) = i love you 
I love my intro to athletic training class . The trainer is so funny and makes the class fun as well as hands on 
uhhhhhh weight training yesterday at 11 and paliaties at 520 im sooooo sore lol 
If your Mom is , or was your hero , your best friend , or just the best Mom ever , if you are blessed to still have your Mom or if she is an angel in heaven , paste this to your status and let everyone know you are proud of your Mom , and that you love her dearly . You can replace a lot of people in life , but you only have one Mom ... Love you mom ! 
Fing fire alarm is going off ahhh dam that loud !!! 
Going to the club ? nope . Hanging out with friends ? Nope . I just love it when plans fall through ! Gess im just going to < PROPFEMALE > out in my room . Again ! On top of it all i have a constint ringing in my ear because of the fing fire alarm from 3 hours ago . Things just keep getting better and better . 
fun night time for bed 
SNOOOOOOOOOOOOOWWWWWWW !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Its going to be a bitch getting to class tomorow 
god im in the worst mood right now . I dont even know why . Im just so pissed off ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh 
Ok everyone i want to know something about u . What is everyones view on people who LOVE someone of the same sex ??? I just want to know what my friends think about this \subject\ " please if some of u dont agree dont argue on here i will just erase it . " 
Weekend was not long enouf 
Lady Gaga went to the VMA's dressed as meat , now she's at the Grammy's in an egg . Two more red carpets and she could be a < PROPFIRST>'s Grand Slam 
i get to go to court on the 15th of march 
k brain is fried dont want to think anymore 
k really big headack coming on it sucks to much stress on my mind right now 
for some reason i was wide awake at 830 lol 
I would like my Facebook friends to comment on this status , sharing how you met me . But I want you to LIE . That's right , just make it up . After you comment , copy this to your status , so I can do the same . I bet half won't read the instructions right 
So let me get this straight ... Larry < PROPMALE > is getting his 8th divorce , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > is possibly getting married for a 9th time , < PROPFEMALE > Spears had a 55 hour marriage , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and Tiger Woods , while married , were having sex with EVERYONE . Yet , the idea of same-sex marriage is going to destroy the institution of marriage ? Really . Please re-post to your < PROPFEMALE > if you agree - Proud to support equal rights for ALL 
holy crap im on a massive suger hi right now !!! 
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh fuuuuuuuuucccccccccccccckkkkkkkkkkk my room is flooded due to the shower above use and our shower . Its seeping out of the walls and im not going to be able to sleep till latter due to people in there 
Had a blast as an observation student at softball cant wait to be an athletic training student 
mom im mad at u i called 3 times and u wouldnt pick up ill call again tomorow . 
FUCK !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
headack ahhhhhh anamity lab is going to kill me 
thank god for mindless games after very hard tests lol 
uhhh i hate getting sick right before break . But at least i know why im getting sick and how stress effects the body . Yay at least im learning in college and not just how to hid achool in my dorm or how to < PROPFIRST > a drunk friend past the RA's . 
The Girl you just called fat ? She has been starving herself & has lost over 30lbs . The Boy you just called stupid ? He has a learning disability & studies over 4hrs a night . The Girl you just called ugly ? She spends hours putting makeup on hoping people will like her . The Boy you just tripped ? He is abused enough at home . There's a lot more to people than you think . Put this as your status if you're against bullying 
ahhh why cant spring break last longer ?!?! I dont wana wake up lol 
I love wind its so fun to walk in . Just as long as it dosnt have crap in it lol . i have my fro going on due to it lol 
SOOOOO very tired went to work out at 11 got out at 12 went to observe softball at 2 gout out at 6:30 and had class at 7 to 8:30 i need to sleep 
Whole crap !!! Im up at 7 WTF ?!?! 
the internet sucks here 
most intense dogeball game ever i was the last one and got all but 2 girls out 
i have to wake up at 4am tomorow and probley wont be able to sleep till midnight greatttt o well i try and sleep in the car 
