wants to go to the antique stores in downtown Somerville tomorrow . Anyone game ? 

is going to Lolla . She'll make it happen . Somehow . 
is still talking when there's science to do . How silly . 
has remained soaking wet all day thanks to a mastiff , malamute and two < PROPFEMALE > doodles . 
has never been so disappointed in a CD version of a song . Way to go Cake . 
prefers easy decisions , thanks . 
is living with two less dogs . Yay ? 
is finally going to the beach this summer . :) 
fell asleep at the beach - no tan . But when she went to six flags - burn ! That's what's up ; that's what's up . 
is celebrating her HP love the only way there is : midnight show . 
doesn't know whether she should be mad at < PROPFEMALE > for teaching her the words to a Miley < PROPMALE > song , or mad at < PROPFEMALE > for getting it stuck in her head . Either way - it sucks . 
never liked when her family called her Messy Jesi . But considering how colorful her hands are after tie dying ... 
went running around in the downpour with her bestest < PROPFEMALE > for funsies . Now she's off to Harrisburg for the rest of the week . 
loves when her newsfeed leads to amusing stalking finds . 
knows that love is all about breakfast pastries . 
is enjoying being part of J-J-J-Jenny and the June . Obviously they were named improperly at birth . :) 
should be out in Chicago , too psyched to sleep because of Lolla . But she's not . :( 
is mad at facebook because obviously facebook is mad at her and she won't be outdone by a social networking site . 
is like a sour patch kid : first she's sour , then she's sweet . 
just had divine smoothie . <3 Such a shame that Get Fruity is not near home/UD . :( 
apparently develops tourettes when successfully tickled ? 
can't believe that no one she knows has bread . 
is super psyched to be talking in her sleep again - fun times shall be had by all . 
is up to no good . 
has seven hours to make this bummer day into a good day . Go ! 
has creeper friends but loves them anyway . 
suspects that the awful smell coming from the NES means that she failed at fixing it . 
has too much to do , too little time to do it , and no < PROPFEMALE > to go to class . 
has balloon animal making skills . 
needs to stop injuring herself . Ouchies . 
hates orgo lab mostly because she hates wearing shoes . 
is dreaming of the large naked baby she plans on having this Saturday . 
just remembered that she has a physics exam tomorrow . Whoops . 
will not worry . Maybe . Ish . X/ 
i am a tardhead with nice bum 
has < PROPMALE > ! <3 And two new pairs of boots ! Yay early birthday gifts . :) 
is the < PROPMALE > to Steph's < PROPMALE > , and we have awesome pen crossbows . 
has no time to nap today and should probably stay up late studying instead of going to bed early . But but but ... sleep , please ? :( 
just has a glorious morning full of the sweetest dream , an easy exam , class let out 45 minutes early , free food and pink ribbons ! 
has not stolen accordians in forever , but is glad to return to her ninja pirate zombie robot . 
will float on . :) 
is only as tall as her heart will let her be , and only as small as the world will make her seem . And when the going gets rough , and she feels like she might fall , she'll look on the brightside : she's roughly six feet tall . 
is bummed . Initiation is postponed . :( 
is scheduling winter classes ... 
will be very sad if her children are nothing like < PROPFIRST > Hill . 
occasionally stays up late just to listen to music . 
knows that the windshield was broken , but loves the fresh air you know . 
knows that < PROPFIRST > Huber loves her deeply , though not as much as she loves crabs . 
Je voudre < PROPFEMALE > pomplemouse -- dans Francais 
doesn't know whether she's worrying too much or too little . Maybe just about the wrong things ? 
is all alone in her suite - thanks physics lab for being extra late and not cancelled this week . :( 
is in a floral sheet tent in Snig's basement with < PROPFEMALE > and Snig . Yea , she knows you're jealous . 
is glad her Aunt < PROPFEMALE > A . Hornyak-Frey made her amazing lasagna for thanksgiving dinner . And that she came to dinner . Yea , that too . 
is in such happy Christmas spirit . :) Yay < PROPMALE > Churchill the Christmas Tree ! 
is going to have TEN HOURS of lab spring semester . TEN . 
will now proceed to nap . 
just realized that it's the 6th ... X/ 
Always . :) 
can't wait to see < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow ! :) 
needs to stop being so tempted to torture herself . Stop stop stop . Comparisons are not relevant and inaccurate . Stop stop stop . 
is looking with longing at the pile of computer games that she can't play anymore because her new computer is 64-bit . :( 
feels sick and definitely cannot sleep . X/ 
is going to class and will return in approximately 9 hours . :( 
hates being right about things that she wanted to be wrong . 
is enjoying brelunner with Topaz < PROPFEMALE > Weinglass and < PROPFEMALE > Songchild . 
is not succeeding at focusing on writing her paper . 
wishes all semesters were as easy as this winter ... 
loves Epic Monopoly . We had to < PROPFEMALE > the bank money ... > < 
hates being mad all the time . It's a ridiculous amount of effort . 
just completely changed her schedule ... and the commitment to indecision is horrifying . 
welcomes back her old friend Anger . 
thanks the Coen brothers as usual . They're always exactly what she needs . 
I hereby bequeath the name < PROPMALE > to < PROPFIRST>'s alligator . 
is a master bubble splitter and spinner . Yay , productivity . 
just baked a delicious Texas sheet cake , and ( for the most part ) none of you will get to enjoy its amazingness . :P 
never feels like she has enough clothes until it comes to packing for school , and then suddenly she has truckloads . How does that work ? 
is expecting a great few days : She's off to buy < PROPMALE > Samberg tickets , going to see Matt&Kim tomorrow , and celebrating 6 months with < PROPFIRST > today . :D 
has an extra < PROPMALE > & < PROPFIRST > ticket for tonight , anyone interested ? 
is beat up , tired and so happy . No surprise , < PROPMALE > & < PROPFIRST > were amazing . :) 
is officially ( finally ! ) in her fraternity . Yay AZ ! :) 
hates coincidences that ruin her day . 
wishes this wall was full of BUNNIES ! 
is off to Ag Day . Yay ! :) 
and we're back to this . 
hurts . 
is taking the train home to Jersey for the weekend . 
- look at you - stealing lyrics that describe me more than you . 
has way to much going through her head right now . Isn't it about time for school to be out ? 
is driving back down to Delaware , then back to Jersey , then back to Delaware , then back to Jersey , then back to Delaware . Fun week ! 
is distracting people with her bumby . 
is driving back to Jersey , part 2 . 
is going to see her sister graduate ! Congrats < PROPFEMALE > Frey :) 
has 1776 songs stuck in her head while studying post-Civil War US history ... This does not make sense . 
is performing surgery on the box of a very sorry looking Sorry ! game . 
is finally home in Jersey . SIGH . 
Anyone want a free old , but barely used bike ? Not sure what kind of details you want , but inquire away ! 
is enjoying her clear peripheral vision . 
is quite sad that she missed so many choco-tunities today ! 
has sunglasses ! :D 
is a smoothie making pro . :) 
gets to see two of her favorite people tomorrow , and then two more on Friday ! Too excited to pack ! :D 
is in Maine with < PROPFIRST > D Tighe and < PROPFIRST > Huber at < PROPFEMALE > Graybill ' s home ! 
is back in Jersey and ready for puppies ! 
realized that Jemaine is in Dinner For Schmucks and now wants to see it more than ever . 
is in Harrisburg , visiting the family . :) 
cannot wait for the weekend . 
only has four days left at home 
is frustrated by phone problems . > < 
is off to North < PROPFEMALE > for the week ! 
thinks that her sister's Doodlebug is the cutest dog ever !!! 
is waiting at the airport to travel back to Delaware ... but is sick . :( 
is at UD officiallly . :D 
doesn't know whether she should be happy or disturbed that Tao Feng's shirt count has officially gone up to three . 
is just so unbelievably tired . 
is going to cry if Sakai doesn't load soon . 
when I'm feeling down , I whip my hair back and forth . 
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes . :) 
is impressed that a music video has managed to be weirder than MGMT . What the fuck , Madder Red by Yeasayer ?! 
put her Weasley is Our < PROPMALE > shirt on and is impatiently waiting for midnight . 
has donated her hand kittens to < PROPFEMALE > . 
is bundled like a kid going out to play in the snow . Football time ! 
is probably just going to sit here playing the tetris she wrote instead of working . 
cannot wait until she's done with her Saturday final . Just a few more hours ... 
just realized her exam is at 1 , not 10:30 , but any frustration at delays have been erased because she got an A in Discrete ! :D 
wishes that her back could always feel like it does now . So glad to be home ! 
is off to lunch with < PROPFIRST > D Tighe ! 
doesn't mind that today was crazy busy because tonight it's the Biophytas Christmas Party ! 
snow :( 
has never had this much pain after going to the dentist . :( 
wonders if she can still call her sudden inability to do work \senioritis\ " if she's only a senior by credit ... " 
is failing at Beatles trivia with < PROPFIRST > Reynolds 
thinks that online assignments take all the fun out of potential snow days . 
is super excited to see < PROPFIRST > Huber and < PROPFEMALE > Graybill tomorrow ! :D 
is headed back to Jersey for the weekend 
is off to see Kenan Thompson . :D 
has been following him for 12 years now and couldn't be any happier : < PROPFIRST > Baker won the Iditarod ! :D 
wants to clarify that whoever told sunglasses designers that I preferred all of my options to be covered in varying patterns of rhinestones was actually wrong . 
now begins the four tests standing in between her and a cruise . Time for part 1 of her two-day test . 
installed Facebook for Windows Phone 
is off to the airport , and then to the caribbean ! 
