none of my new year txt messages are going through . So I thought I'd wish everyone a happy new year on facebook . So , HAPPY NEW YEAR ! :D 

to \tweet\ " or not to \ " tweet\ " ... hmmmmmm " 
has a badass new cell fone ! Yeaaaaaa ! :D 
is writing an editorial for the Daily Advertiser .... 
is going to eat a GIANT platter of momo ! Be jealous bitches ! :D 
enjoys sleeping with the pillow over his head sometimes ... 
three's a party ! :D 
painted pictures with his hands and floated hand made boats of tin foil in a puddle of water while barefoot . Yea , lazy Mondays are pretty cool . 
has succesfully nursed a baby bluejay back to health .... yea , I'm awesome . 
Happy 1st day of the Battle of Gettysburg ! :D 
Happy Revolution Day ! :D 
if u want the rainbow u must have the rain ... 
yesterday is history , tomorrow is a mystery , but today is a gift . That is why it is called the \present . \"" 
Ramayan , the story of Ram , has often been retold . It's teachings are priceless , they cannot be bought or sold . 
to know u is to hate u , so loving u must be like suicide ... 
< PROPFEMALE > talai < PROPFEMALE > garchu ! 
working @ the capital today .... 
needs someone to help him how to use microsoft excel ! Take mercy on me and help plz plz plz plz ! :D 
Now knows how to use Microsoft Excel ! Muwahahahaha ! >:D 
is looking for volunteers to be his camera man so I can have a tv show on AOC ! :D 
has decided that < PROPFIRST > Poitier is his favorite black actor ... 
is chillin in a five < PROPFEMALE > hotel . Be jealous ! muwaha ! 
room service and a comfy bed with soft pillows = heaven on earth 
hates it when u have a person so close to u but it seems like they're thousands of < PROPMALE > away ... 
u may say I'm a dreamer . But I'm not the only one ... 
is in a lame ass meeting with Office of Mental Health and I'm getting ape shit frustrated ! RAWRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR ! 
the things that pass for knowledge I can't understand ... 
All hail the mighty proletarian class stuggle against the bourgeoisie capitalists ! Happy Labor Day ! :D 
Dayummmm , guh , u be actin all high class and shit . Like one of ' em damn frappuccino's ' n shit ! XD 
tears of joys are good and all but the joy of laughter is better ... 
< PROPFIRST > Brown's new book \Lost Symbol\ " is available in in bookstores now ! WOOOOOHOOOOOOOOOOOOOO ! :D " 
my mind is my < PROPFEMALE > , my thoughts are my scripture and my deeds a reflection of my faith .... 
time may be the convert of all things in this world but change doesn't happen over night ... 
That's a bingo ! Is that how you say it ? That's a bingo ?????? 
really really wants to watch Where the Wilds Things Are .... 
wants to create his own political party ! Anyone interested ? :D 
simplicity is sophistication 
tonight a sleeping giant awakens and a silent revolution begins .... 
is speech writing .... 
watching < PROPFEMALE > Christmas < PROPFIRST > Brown and eating pumpkin pie w/ cool whip .... 
because I love the unkown , I love the unkown , I love the unkooooOOWwn ! 
Your timeless beauty would be enhanced by a burka .... 
There once was a tree and she loved a little boy ..... 
is excited about his jury duty , uhh , duties in the next few weeks ! :D 
Nothing ever went quite exactly as we planned Our ideas held no water but we used them like a dam - Modest Mouse 
isn't really liking this new layout facebook has implemented ... 
Go Cowboys ! Wooo hoooooo ! :D 
Control yourself , Take only what u neeeeed from it ... - The MGMT 
Concerto for Four Violins in B minor , RV 580(tr . J . SBach ) Allegro . Trust me it's a good one . Find and enjoy . :) 
not u fat jesus ! XD 
Concerto for 2 Violins in D Minor , BWV 1043 J.S bach . Google and enjoy . :) 
Jury Duty today ! wooohoooo ! :D 
being right doesn't always give you the power to say \ I told you so \ " and being wrong doesn't always compel you to say \ " I'm sorry . \"" 
' s fone has been stolen . : *-( 
wants to thank everyone for all of their heart warming birthday wishes ! :) 
“The universe is full of magical things patiently waiting for our wits to grow sharper . ” - < PROPFEMALE > Phillips 
\A little too much chocolate is just about right . \ " -unknown " 
“It is more fun to talk with someone who doesn't use long , difficult words but rather short , easy words like \What about lunch ? \ " ” - < PROPFEMALE > the Pooh " 
Please copy & paste this to your status if you know someone , or have been affected by someone , who needs a punch in the face . People who need a punch in the face affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for someone who deserves a punch in the face , except a punch in the face , but we can raise awareness ! 
if I have to listen to another bureaucrat again I think I'm going to shoot myself in the face .... 
delivered a pretty awesome speech on the steps of the capital in baton rouge today . Now it's time to take a nap . :) 
needs a drink .... make that two drinks . 
Nothing in this world is too complicated . From Large scale armies to bonding atoms there is stucture , order and simplicity . \Complicated\ " is a word people use as a crutch to make any given task seem exponentially more daunting than what it really is because they are too afraid to face the consequences of a decision they need to make . " 
Don't let your thoughts < PROPFEMALE > toward anger and frustration when things seem to be less than perfect or may not be going your way . Always strive to remember that no pain is forever , worse things happen to better people and that you are alive and able to enjoy all that life has to offer . This includes the good along with the bad . 
FACEBOOK EXPERIMENT -- If you are reading this , even if we don't speak often , please post a comment of a memory of you and me . When you've finished , post this paragraph on your own status ; you'll be surprised what people remember about you ... 
i'm ugly , & i'm proud . i'm ugly , & i'm proud . I'M UGLY . AND I AM PROUD . [: 
Even if you don't own or have much to give make people feel proud to stand by your side by striving to be a decent human being . Try to do the right thing even though that may be arduous and by all means never compromise your integrity . Give yourself to the world in this way as generously as a < PROPMALE > and you will be stronger than any super power and richer than the world's wealthiest person . 
\Poor and content is < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > enough\ " - < PROPFIRST > Shakespeare " 
When it rains , it pours ..... 
HOLI IN GIRARD PARK !!!!!!!!!! :-D 
