We are having Audriana's < PROPFEMALE > Partyy < PROPFIRST > . 10th in Smithburg 

I like this pirate talk ... haha ... scroll down to English(US ) and pick English ( pirate ) 
I'm getting a new camera ! Yea !! Seeing as how I've been using a 3megapixel since last year ... 
Love my new Olympus Stylus 1050 SW ... 
< PROPFIRST>'s at work and I'm bored , but I still love my new Olympus Stylus 1050 SW ... :) 
Why is it that every time I use super glue , I glue my fingers together ? 
Seriously who invented gum and why ?! I just love sitting for a half hour with a piece of ice and scraping it off the furniture , oh and my pants b/c I SAT in it ... ahh , life with kids isn't it great ? :) 
I will be putting more pictures up later , but it's getting too late for uploading on dial-up ... 
black 
Well , the party went pretty good , not many people there with the weather and all but Audriana had a great time and that's all that matters . In fact , she is still wearing her < PROPFEMALE > outfit ... haha ... she's going to want to dress up like a < PROPFEMALE > every day now . 
Wondering if it makes me completely awful that I just let my 2 year old eat unsweetened cocoa mix with out saying anything ... haha ... maybe now she'll quit getting into the chocolate milk mix ... 
Watching < PROPFEMALE > pretend to wash windows and sing It's a Hard Knock Life ... too funny 
Loves having to take a bath in melted snow .. power isn't supposed to be back on til tomorrow ... hey at least the phones work though :) 
It's movie line week here on Facebook . Cut and paste this to your status and in the comment box write your favorite line from a movie and see how many people know the movie and the lines ! Don't forget to comment on your friends ' movie lines ! 
YAY !! We found a place to move ... finally out of my evil step-fathers grasp !!! 
I just got an e-mail saying that if I give some guy pictures of my feet he'll pay me . Isn't that a little strange ?... 
I just had to go outside to turn our gas back on and the snow came up to my KNEES !... I'm pretty sure that this is the deepest it's been at our house all winter .... crazy ... 
I have to go pack all our stuff ... hopefully we'll be moving this weekend if the weather is good :) can't wait !! 
Wondering what < PROPFEMALE>'s obbsession with the movie IT is ... I have tried to keep her from watching it but she keeps insisting ... 
Can't believe these temps ... 60's for the rest of the week ?... yay !... I was beginning to think it was going to be cold forever ... 
Watched Where the Wild Things Are last night ... that movie was a little strange 
Watching Dunstan Checks In with the girls , wondering why did I like this so much when I was a child ??... haha ... guess for the same reason they like it now , the funny monkey(orangutan ) 
Kids are watching Beauty and the Beast and I'm listening to some Eagles .. oh yeah and getting sick :( exactly what I wanted , right when the weather turns nice too 
I really need to go finish sewing my curtains but I'm putting it off :D watching Sister Act with < PROPFEMALE > 
could really go for some chocolate right now :D Watching Planet 51 ... pretty cute 
Well I think I'm going to go play outside today ! :) 
Had a loong Easter Day but the kids had fun ... oh yeah isn't it ironic that < PROPFIRST > hit a < PROPFEMALE > on the way home from church last night ... he told the kids we hit the Easter Bunny ... haha ... lucky they didn't seem to believe him 
Gotta love Young Frankenstein , especially the dance number with the \creature \"..." 
Does anyone else find it troubling that my 2 year old daughter said she wants to be a \boy like daddy\ " when she grows up ?... " 
We are going to have < PROPFEMALE>'s birthday party at our new house on Sunday , April 18th at 2:00 pm . Anyonene that wants to come is invited . If you need directions or have any questions just call or message me . The theme is < PROPFEMALE > Mouse ! 
My baby is turning 3 tomorrow ! We are having a party on Sunday , April 18th at 2:00 pm at our house . Anyone that wants to come is invited . If you need directions or have any questions just call or message me . Theme : Minnnie Mouse :) 
Happy Birthday < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > !! My little girl is 3 ! We are having a party on Sunday , April 18th at 2:00 pm at our house . Anyone that wants to come is invited . If you need directions or have any questions just call or message me . Theme : Minnnie Mouse :) Let's hope I have the skills to make an ok cake ! 
Sitting with the girls listening to Christmas songs < PROPFIRST > by < PROPMALE > . characters like < PROPFEMALE > and The Backyardigans ... Lily's choice ... 
Well the birthday party went really well ( considering the weather ) and we had a pretty good turn out . Thanks to everyone who came , < PROPFEMALE > and Audriana had a great time . I will post some pictures in few days . 
I love free stuff , I got to color my hair with my free box of hair color :) Putting up pictures if Facebook will cooperate ... 
I've got new pics of my RED hair up in my Pics album if anyone wants to see ... 
My new title given to me by Lily : Cookmaker , and what does a cookmaker do ? They of course make the food :) 
Man , you never know how much crap you have until you move into a smaller place ... Can't wait til my yard sale is over and then I can ship my stuff to Goodwill or someplace :) 
The kids and I are watching < PROPMALE > and the Henderson's ... man doesnt THAT bring back memories ... oh yeah ... and I saw my first Hummingbird today . It's my first year putting up a feeder so maybe this is a good sign :) 
I find it funny that the back of the Miniature Marshmallow bag says : For children under 6 , cut marshmallows into bite sized pieces . -- You mean to tell me that the MINIATURE marshmallows are not already bite size ?? 
Well we did pretty good on the first day of our yard sale(friday ) too bad it was too cold and < PROPFEMALE > the rest of the weekend ... 
\Can somebody please quit talking I'm getting a hegache ... \"- Audirana talking to Lily ... haha " 
Today < PROPFEMALE > started screaming bloody murder(no exaggeration ) , so I go to see what happened ... she's stuck in the bathroom b/c there is a fly on the door and she doesn't want to go past ... is this normal ?.. haha .. I feel kinda bad but how can you keep from laughing ... really ... 
Audriana's last day of school is tomorrow ... she's really excited about getting to go to kindergarden next year ... actually she's disappointed she doesn't get to go immediately 
Yeah !... A/C finally ! 
So I guess my girls decided to try their hands ( or feet ) at making wine ... love it how they decided it would be great to throw these grapes all over the floor and then squish them with our feet !... oh well I needed to mop anyway :) 
< PROPFEMALE > took my lipstick when I wasn't paying attention and painted her face with it . What did she say when I asked about it ?... That she painted so she could look like the clown ... meaning the clown from IT ... haha ... crazy kid 
Who remembers < PROPMALE > Dad ... anyone ?? 
I think there might be something wrong with the cardinal that keeps attcking my bedroom window ... 
Audriana just went in her bedroom while < PROPFEMALE > was taking a nap and comes running back in and saying she's scared because < PROPFEMALE > opened her eyes half way and she looks like a monster :D hehe 
So that cardinal is still attacking our bedroom window ... for the third day in a row ... I've decided to name him < PROPFIRST > and am thinking about putting food out for him ... If he's gonna be attacking our windows for 10 or 11 hours a day I think he needs some food :D 
I think that I love the Hatter ... 
Watching Audriana play MarioKart , she's actually getting pretty good . She doesn't get stuck in the walls anymore :D 
Well , I think I'm gonna go play some MarioKart :D 
Well , Audriana told me she wants her hair cut . I just don't know if I can do it , her hair is getting so long and pretty . Also , she doesn't just want it cut she wants it like a bob ... short short ... 
I really hate making peanut butter & jelly sandwiches ... 
really craving something yummy ... and chocolatey ... 
On\ 
the way to fireworks tonight < PROPFEMALE > saw some white plastic covered bales\ 
of hay and says \ Wow 
Just finished my first attempt at making my own < PROPMALE > sauce , turned out pretty good ... just add a little cajun seasoning .... mmm 
My favorite thing I have heard like ever-\I think I'm going to be a magic < PROPFEMALE > when I grow up ... \ " - Audriana :D " 
So here's a good one- I asked my girls earlier who messed up their room after we just cleaned it last night . They said they didn't know but they said \Maybe it was a monster that came in our room while we were sleeping and messed it all up . \ " Sounds plausible right ?... haha " 
Seriously , why does life have to be so sucky sometimes ?? 
Think of one memory you had with me and comment below . Then copy and paste this for your status . 
When I'm a human being , as I hope to be !!... I really like The < PROPFEMALE > and the Frog 
Needs some time away ... from everything 
What's the point in waiting around for someone to choose you ? Shouldn't you have a say in your own happiness too ? 
is in Indiana , and hoping to have a good time :) 
< PROPMALE > Payne !... 
You didn't let me finish my sentence . I said : I'm not gonna hurt ya . I'm just gonna bash your brains in .... love The Shining 
Out to get stuff to make a chocolate cake :D mmm 
The girls and I just finished playing outside with water guns and chalk , now going to go try and make a new cookie recipe with them :) 
If all the raindrops were lemon drops and gum drops ... 
Went to the Indianapolis Zoo today , uploading pictures later ... I love the Zoo :D 
Getting ready to go home to WV ! :) 
Really wish I knew how to sew , clothes are so darn expensive ... plus that would just be so neat :) 
Watching my favorite part of Aladdin , the parade . I really think this movie wouldn't so good without < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . 
The girls were just playing like they were going to the Chinese restaurant and they kept saying \Ni Hao\ " ... haha ... kids are funny " 
< PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > how are ya ? Isn't it a lovely day ?... Lily's favorite song to sing right now ... from < PROPFIRST > and the Giant Peach 
Is it wrong that I like the song Funkytown so much ? And I'm getting my children into it too , only to Audriana it's called Taco < PROPFEMALE > ... 
Watching my dad play Bob-omb Blast on < PROPFIRST > kart with my 5 year old daughter ... too funny ... 
I think if I were ever going to do karaoke it would have to be Love Shack ! 
I just found out they are making another Pirates of the Caribbean movie ... oh man I love < PROPFIRST > sparrow ... but there's no < PROPMALE > bloom in this one ? :( 
Found out something funny today .. Audriana thought my mom had a girlfriend .. haha ... Guess that's the problem with not specifying between girl-friend and girlfriend ... 
Trying to decided between a BLT or a pepperoni roll with Oliverio Italian Style Peppers ... hmm , decisions ... 
Audriana's second day of Kindergarten !... she loves it so far ... took some pictures yesterday I'll have to post later 
The girls are watching videos from the dolphin show at the zoo and I am < PROPFEMALE > bored , guess I could clean something ... nah ... haha 
So , I guess we have a new cat . A tabby that looks to be about 7-9 months old just showed up on our porch last night , so of course I fed it , I guess we'll see if he goes away . Oh yeah , he's not fixed either .. yay ! 
The girls are watching The Super < PROPFIRST > Brothers cartoon on Netflix ... brings back memories :) 
Just watched one of those old time cartoons ( black and white ) and at the end it said Moral : A woman's place is in the home ... haha .... made me laugh 
< PROPFEMALE > is looking at one of my cookbooks yelling ... YUM YUM YUM ... she also just said that she's going to crawl in the picture and eat it ... 
Just saw that Netflix has < PROPMALE > Horror Picture Show on their watch instantly movie list . I know what I'm doing tonight ! 
Watching Jaws .. one of my favorite movies . Pretty sure this is what spawned my love ( and slight obsession ) of sharks :D 
loves it when someone asks your opinion and then gets mad when it's different from theirs . 
Watching Dirty jobs and eating fajita's! ... mmm 
Up :D 
I'm wondering if < PROPFEMALE > insists on watching < PROPFEMALE > we shrunk ourselves because she knows I don't like it .... 
Well , I can tell falls almost here ... I'm sick already :( 
It's weird how I just went to a meeting at Audriana's school and I didn't have a headache then I come home to the kids and it started to come back almost immediately ... coincidence ? 
ha , < PROPFEMALE > told me earlier she didn't want me to watch Dirty Jobs because \it has poop and diapers and stuff \"..." 
likes listening to < PROPFEMALE > try to say the spanish words on < PROPFEMALE > ... 
got our halloween costumes today !... Audriana is a mermaid and < PROPFEMALE > is a < PROPFEMALE > princess ... man do I miss trick or treating ... 
think I'm going to try my hand at painting the girls ' faces . Watched them do it at the zoo and didn't look hard at all , I guess we'll see how it turns out ... haha 
pepperoni pizza ravioli ??... 
Think I'm gonna try to fix < PROPFEMALE>'s costume tonight ... maybe mix up\ 
some face paint 
< PROPFEMALE>'s new favorite word : Delicious ... First she said \Yum Yum this is DELICIOUS ! \ " about her ravioli and now she tells me that her milk is delicious !... haha " 
Audriana fell asleep on the couch and 10 minutes after I took her to bed < PROPFEMALE > started freaking out because she disappeared . She goes \My sister's gone !.. Where's my sister ?!... She's not on the couch ! \ " .... kids are so entertaining " 
These boots are made for walkin ' ... :) 
Has been having craving for pizza with pineapple on it ... I want it so bad !... haha 
I want a blacklight tattoo ... 
Is it odd to come into the kitchen and find your child eating peanut butter out of the jar by the spoonfuls ? 
Who's up for decorating some pumpkins today !... I love decorating pumpkins with my girls ! :D 
Bored .. and I just can't seem to get into my book ( IT ) ... guess I'll go watch Bones .. oh how I love netflix :D 
HIGHLIGHT OF MY DAY : After coming home from shopping I get to scrub the back of our blazer . Why ? My gallon of milk busted . What makes this better ?.. It happened in the parking lot . BEST part : The people in the IGA parking lot saying to me \It looks like your milk busted . \ " REALLY ??.. Oh gee thanks because without your awesome observational skills I don't think I would have EVER figured out what all that white stuff was .. " 
Beef Stroganoff is yummy ... 
Loves it how in the evening < PROPFEMALE > insists on singing ME a bedtime song , and then tells me night night , sweet dreams ... and occasionally tells me not to let the flies bite me :D 
< PROPFEMALE > just informed me that I was born when I was a little baby ... 
Ok , I admit it . I'm a lazy person , but I don't understand why . I don't WANT to be ... it's just so HARD not to be ... :D 
is affected by irreversible procrastination syndrome ... 
< PROPFEMALE > said she thought there was a ghost and a mean witch in our house ... she also said she dreamed about snakes , bears , the clown , crocodiles , mean dogs and mean puppies ... 
Just had to clean out a Pez dispenser full of Coco Wheats , because < PROPFEMALE > was going to share them with \her sister\ " when she gets home . " 
I swear it seems like unless I eat anything other than bread my stomach wants to punish me :( I hate feeling nauseous ... 
I think the girls are getting really excited for Halloween . < PROPFEMALE > keeps going around yelling \Happy Halloween !! \ " :D " 
Well , < PROPFEMALE > got a wad of gum in her hair and then tried to cut it out ... so after picking out the gum I'm relieved that she didn't totally destroy her hair like Audriana did when she cut hers .... 
Going to go finish my caramel cake with chocolate buttercream icing ... mmm 
Girls just watched Voltron : Defender of the Universe ... they're weird ... haha ... They have also really been into Spiderman lately ... and < PROPFEMALE > loves the Iron Man cartoon ... wait .. I DO have girls don't I ? 
DR . < PROPFIRST > ! 
< PROPFEMALE > is educating me about humpback whales ... Did you know that they blow out of their back ?.... haha 
Just ordered a pair of boots and a purse for my B-day ... yay !... Got Audriana's pictures in the mail today so I'm getting them ready to give out ... 
< PROPFEMALE > has a sheet wrapped around her ... she says she's the < PROPFEMALE > and she's screaming \Get back to work ! \ " at me .... " 
Today feels like a good day to sit back , relax and do nothing ... :) 
There is a phobia of getting peanut butter stuck to the top of your mouth ?... really ??... arachibutyrphobia 
I'm thinking , shouldn't the word for the fear of phobia words not have the word phobia in it ?... phobologophobia ... I'm bored so I'm reading a list of phobia words and their meanings ... don't judge ... :P 
“Happiness is a choice that requires effort at times” Aeschylus 
Guess we're skipping Thanksgiving this year ... Lily is already watching Christmas movies and as for Christmas music well ... they've been singing those songs all year long ... haha 
Please , join me in putting this as your status if you or someone you love has been eaten or attacked by velociraptors . It’s time to let silent victims everywhere know that there is no shame in being ripped limb from limb and gobbled up for vicious sport . Velociraptors are , after all , kind of unstoppable . 93% won’t copy and paste this . 
< PROPFEMALE > just called me a loser because I don't have a lot of money .. :( 
I gave < PROPFEMALE > and Audriana a little toy catalog and told them to circle what they would like for Christmas ... Well , < PROPFEMALE > wants an MP3 player and a karaoke machine .... she's 3 .... 
ok , found a spider in our bathroom ... it looks like a black widow ... I don't think it is I didnt see any sign of the red but seriously I'm like really freaked out now and it climbed back into it's crack so I can't kill it !... I hate this creepy feeling and I HATE spiders ! 
tell me that I just woke up at 4:30 in the morning , itching like crazy .. to find that I have hives ???.... seriously ... I mean come ON ... I am NOT happy 
I hate FedEx Smartpost ... 
<- Benadryl Zombie 
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes . Had a great night at Outback and shopping with my Dad , < PROPFIRST > , and my two little girls ! 
First day since Friday with no hives !... yay ! 
Gonna go bake some cake ... ;) 
Ready for a nap ... 
loves hearing < PROPFEMALE > say chinchilla ... The other day she was explaining to me that a \godzilla\ " eats leaves ... took me forever to realize she meant chinchilla ... haha " 
Took Audriana to the doctor today , she's sick and can't go back to school until Friday :( Not sure what's wrong , bad sore throat but probably not strep . Hopefully the meds will clear this up fast ... 
found something to do with all those stuffed animals I've been trying to pawn off on everybody :) Tear'em apart and make new ones ! 
Watching a guy on tv try and catch a bull shark ... neat 
So ... just got a call from the doctor and Audriana does have strep .... what are the chances that only 3-4% of strep cases don't show up on the initial swab but are still positive for strep ... and she's one .. just lucky I guess 
Who's in the mood for banana bread !!... Well , I guess I am .. we forgot about a whole bunch of bananas ( like 6 of them ) ... haha 
< PROPFEMALE > just came in the room freaking out a little and saying that Audriana just threw up ( mind you , she's been sick and spent all sunday night vomiting ) ... I hear < PROPFEMALE > go back to Audriana and she says .. haha ... I was joking < PROPFEMALE > , it was just water ... mean much ?... and now < PROPFEMALE > is in bed with her \reading\ " Audriana a story .... " 
To < PROPFEMALE > , Female centaurs = boobie horses ... haha ... we we're watching Fantasia 
Can't believe how nice it is outside today ... going to take the girls to the park .... 
Can't believe we got almost all the girls Christmas shopping done already !.. Yay internet shopping ... haha ... only have to get one more thing for < PROPFEMALE > ... 
Just got our Christmas tree up !... Its only 4 ft and it's sitting on a coffee table but hey it still looks good :) 
One thing I love about the weather turning cold .. chicken and dumplings !.. mmm ... my favorite .. 
Been waiting since 12 to go to the store ... a house 3 doors has been on fire all afternoon and the firetrucks just left ... It's always saddening when these fires happen this time of year , but it was just so weird to be so close to it ... 
It rubs the lotion on its skin or else it gets the hose again ... 
Watching < PROPFEMALE > dance to her new Yo Gabba Gabba DVD ... She has been bothering me for about a week to get her ears pierced . Today we went to Wal-Mart and got it done and in her own words \I only cried a little bit . \ " :) So proud of my Big girls ! " 
I wish I could go a couple days without doing ANYTHING ... and not only that but it would be awesome if I didn't have to worry about the chores that I didn't do piling up ! Oh sweet fantasies ..... 
Took the girls to the parade and to get pictures with < PROPFEMALE > . Then went shopping with mom .. now .. I'm tired .... 
I'm COLD ! 
Listening to Christmas music with the girls and getting ready to clean the house .. fun fun 
Finally !... something to slow down these cars that zoom past my house at all hours ... SNOW ! 
< PROPFEMALE > is worried that if we leave our door locked at night < PROPFEMALE > won't be able to get in when he comes here ... 
trying to think of a way to get my kids to understand the concept of \The Quiet Game\ " ... :) " 
Oh man , I feel like I have been gone FOREVER !... Took < PROPFEMALE > to the doctor and then the ER on thursday and then she got to take a helicopter to the PICU at the Charleston Women's and Children's hospital early friday morning ... Thankfully she's doing so much better ( almost back to normal ) ... can't wait to sleep in my own bed tonight :) 
Got my hair cut today ... the longest piece I had cut was almost 12 inches .... that's crazy 
We just got back from < PROPFEMALE>'s doctor appointment and even though she seems to be fully recovered I guess I was wrong . She's been acting normal and eating normal , but her wheeze has returned . There is a possibility that she has walking pneumonia . She now has a Rx for steroids and antibiotics . I just hope she gets better this time , I really don't want to take another trip to the hospital this close to Christmas ... 
watching Gumby fight robot Gumby with a light saber .... how cool is that !... haha 
< PROPFEMALE > is sitting beside me coughing and gagging ... I look over and tell her to stop and she tells me she's trying to swallow her M & Ms like pills ... this is one weird kid sometimes ... haha 
We had another appointment for < PROPFEMALE > earlier today . The doctor says it's like night and day what she sounds like from last Thursday until today . She is off the steroids now , so let's just hope it's over with now ... 
Cookies , Pies , and Fudge , Oh my ! 
I think they should make holiday scented dish soap ... I would use some Christmas tree soap to wash my dishes ... haha 
Snapfish is having 99 prints for 99 cents !... I'm finally going to catch up on some of my photos :) 
Something I learned today : < PROPFEMALE > kicks my butt at the memory game . I mean geez , she's 3 ... I really need to get some more practice ... haha 
Great ... not only have I been sick for almost a week but I just start feeling better and now I'm pretty sure I have pink eye :( and it's driving me crazy ! 
? Don't be taken in .. by his welcome grin , He's imagining how well you'd fit within his skin :D 
So I found some of < PROPFEMALE>'s new toys that she had wrote all over with blue marker to \make them pretty\ " .. and when I ask her what am I going to do with her she says \ " Put me in the trash ... \ " haha " 
Note to self : never take < PROPFEMALE > shopping when I'm getting presents for Audriana ... Audriana already got upset because I tried to act like I didn't get her her < PROPFEMALE > book and now I have to keep a really close eye on < PROPFEMALE > bc she's trying to tell about the dinosaur we got Audriana ... and this is one sneaky kid .. haha 
Yeah , like I wanna pay ten dollars to ship a 1 ounce bottle of food color ... gah , sometimes I hate trying to find stuff online .... 
“Attitude is more important than the past , than education , than money , than circumstances , than what people do or say . It is more important than appearance , giftedness , or skill . ”\ 
\ 
W . C . Fields 
I can't believe I'm watching the characters on < PROPMALE > the Builder play Crocodile Rock ... hahaha 
< PROPFEMALE > got her first taste of buttered popcorn jelly bellys today .... that was pretty funny 
In 6 days Audriana is going to be 6 years old ... I can't believe how time flies 
well , I'm finally taking down my Christmas decorations ... slowly but surely ... haha .. I hate this part ... 
Well I just painted < PROPFEMALE>'s face like a tiger ... she's been bugging me to paint it for the past few days .. pictures soon 
Oh my gosh I have got cats running all over my house ... I'm thinking it might not have been a good idea to paint faces this evening before Daddy goes to work at midnight ... haha ... oops 
.... I need a drink .... :P 
Trying to round up a shopping list of things to get for Audriana's party .. just hope the weather stays calm so I can get to the store ... I hate having a kid with a < PROPFIRST > . birthday .... 
ready for a nap ... 
My big girl is 6 today ! Happy Birthday Audriana ! :D 
Oh great , now it's supossed to snow on Sat . too ?... I really wish this would stop , first because I need to go to the store ... and second , no one's going to come to Audriana's party !!... I swear next year I'm waiting for spring for her party , I don't want her to have to be disappointed because no one comes again ..... 
Yay !... Finally got to the store .. so that's one less thing I have to stress about .. haha :) 
It's so nice to be back home in a sweat shirt and some comfy pants ... it's cold outside !! :) 
I've got practice some more on the sewing machine and then I'm going to try and make some super hero capes soon ... wish me luck ! :) 
Gotta make some marshmallow fondant in a little bit so I can start making cake tomorrow ... gonna be a busy couple of days :) 
I find it funny when I let Audriana play games on the laptop and I come over to check on her to find that she has googled herself ... yet again .... haha 
I remember swearing to myself before I had children that I would never ever let my kids watch Barney ...... so what happened ?? 
Now to get started decorating the cake ! 
YAY !... I finished the cake and mini cupcakes ... and so far I think this is my favorite cake that I've made :D 
Pizza then cake and ice cream today ! :) 
Audriana had a really great time at her birthday party . Thanks to everyone who came :) 
making dinner while the girls watch Labrynth ... I think it's amazing how much they like this movie considering when I watched it when I was little it really freaked me out ... haha 
I just made my own ice cream and I can't believe how good it is !... 
the smell of bleach gives me a headache ... 
well the garnier herbashine site says that if I color my hair it should be black ... so just wondering ... should I ? 
Listening to Audriana use her brand new ( mini ) sewing machine and wondering how that thing can be louder than the full size one .... 
... tired ... and I still have to finish washing dishes ... :) 
thinks that toys should have better volume controls .. not just loud and extra loud ... 
It's funny to start to google a sentence and see what pops up ... I just typed why can't and google finished my sentence with- I own a Canadian ...??... weird 
I'm tired , would someone please come make dinner ?.. I don't feel like doing it ... haha :) 
Sitting up with < PROPFEMALE > watching Bizarre Foods ( she begged me to watch it ) ... She's sick and hopefully she'll feel like going back to sleep soon ... 
Looking for a place kind of nice ( not too far away ) for < PROPFIRST > and I to stay for a couple days . I want to go back to Blackwater Falls but also trying to find some other ideas ... Any suggestions ? 
You know sometimes I think I can't wait for my kids to get bigger ... I am going to have some GREAT stories to embarrass them with ... ah hahaha 
Keeping my fingers crossed :) 
Guess who's making vegetable pizza tomorrow ... mm ... I've been craving it for so long :) 
