Gots a new cellphone heres number 7174600075 

In Missouri my mom an sister jynna threw me a suprise party it was awsome right now I'm hanging with two of my friends < PROPFIRST > an Brannon also hanging out with jynna 
I was just told that I look like fuckin < PROPFIRST > bieber in one of my sisters pics X ( 
i can find what is behind your eyes even if you try to hide it . 
I'm done . I'm done helping people I'm done saving lives and I'm done speaking cuz it all ends in the fucking gutter no one send me anymore messages and < PROPFEMALE > I'm sorry . 
K I'm calm now u all can send messages 
just perfected trombone suicides friggen yes ! 
wow i thought i could trust people but no , as soon as i let my guard down they stab me in the back ! thanks for showing that i was wrong for thinking you as friends ... < PROPFEMALE > , beaver , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , and whoever else joined in on the whole < PROPMALE > dissing party , tainting my water , laughing at me , actually making me feel at home and then crushed it . 
you know for a second , i thought people cared , that i was liked for once , i guess i was wrong and that i cant trust what i thought were good friends . and if you feel like proving me wrong go right ahead ... i WILL win . have a good night tri-valley , cuz you won , you have officially pissed me off . im going back to being a drifter , someone who no one talks to or wants answers . 
for anybody who does care and reads this , please do tell cuz i could use REAL friends right now . 
uh i guess i really do have a stalker i just added myself as a friend i wanna see if it accepts lol 
marry me until v-day ? put this as your status and see how many husbands n wives u get ! 
yeeeaaaahhhh so . i just watched my first episode of jersey shore , and im not sure what to think lol . 
distressed , no matter how hard i try i cant try hard enough . mrs. H shot down my dreams of IUP today . if i dont make it to college ... i dont know . i really need friends right now cuz i hate myself . ive lied one to many times about changing and now im afraid ive gone too far . i hope i can fix this . people tell me i stress it too much but i feel that if i stress now then there will be less later . SOMEONE HELP ME ! 
just warning all friends , if i ignore you , i have more important matters at hand 
well facebook i guess ill see you next week , cuz apparently i have a bad grade and im banished from the comp . for a week . 
