I'm trying to decide what to do for tomorrow as in monday ... 

Loving Life with a passion ^^ 
Getting over a boy !!! ^^ I am super proud of myself !!!!! 
Another long night . Twice as bad lol . 
Its a new year ! What else can I say but yaayers !!! ^^ 
Weirded Out by the simplist things ... LADY GAGA IS SUPER AWESOMENESS !!!!!!!!!!!!! ^^ I LUV ER ! ^^ 
Loving mid winter break ! ^^ 
Uh yeah so I guess I moved outta my granny's so not much to say there ... I'll be back in a month kids 
And the problems never end , man does life seem pointless sometimes or what ? 
A little tired ... I wish I could go to sleep ... 
Very very busy ... can't wait till spring break is done ... tired of doing so much stufff ... 
Yay ! Im going to be skipping school ! Senior project has required that I do so , ho ho ho ! ^^ 
Just when I think I can take a break something else gets in my way and yet again I'm still working my ass off . How the hell does that work out ?????? 
Grateful that there's only a month and a half of school left ! ^^ 
Listening to music , the old style way ( < PROPFEMALE > bang moment ) . Ah , people can go fuck themselves if they think they can bring me down ^^ 
Feeling a stomach ache ... ewwwww 
So tired , going to sleep ... night ... 
Going to California ? 
Got new music ! yesssssssssss !!! ^^ 
feeling the itch of sickness ... 
is feeling better , getting into things that i don't have time for ... why me ????? 
is wondering \WHAT IS HE THINKING ?????!!!!!!!!! \"" 
is overthinking things ... 
is oddly feeling overwhelmed 
\i will come for gaga \"" 
is pulling an all nighter ! 
Is getting back into current rap music , thats a little weird ... But much love to the music of gaga ! 
Dude , i think i am so totally wasted on coffee ! Feeling the sugar rush ! ;D 
Today should be a special day but i just feel like sleeping ! I'll get my sleep on later today when we call it quits 
Its time to get some loads of stuff well organized and over and done with . I guess its time for me to step up my game ! 
Is feeling oddly distracted 
Waiting for a reply that might come too late or not ... Heading home , screw it . Till sunday or tomorrow ! 
Yesssss labor day is almost done ! 
Lets see if this works ! 
Absolutly nothing ! 
Laundry 
Getting caught up in a 187 ???? 
Heheheheh tomorrow should be a super gooooood day ! Yeah ... I'm pumped ! \WOOT WOOT\ " ;P " 
that song successful 
I can honestly say today was one of the greatest days in my life ( so far) ! 
computer is too slow to visit farms sorry everyone ! 
I hope it doesn't rain while I'm walking outside ... Even if it does I'll be prepared with a broken umbrella ! 
And we have one of the most randomest blackouts ever . At least my phone and ipod are good to go until tomorrow . I think this is kinda funny actually . My grandparents are talking about the old folks here not repenting haaa fun ! 
Uwwwaaahhhhhh wish me luck ! Ill be nervous when I am there ... Confidence ! 
How long have I been here ? Oh yeah ... Hours thats right ! 
Should I even leave today ? Its still snowing . On top of that my shoes do not have enough rubber on the bottom for friction . What to do what to do !? 
How do I lose a subway , honestly . I think thats the most stupidiest thing thats happened within this month next to some other things . Imma make it up soon ... 
Im bouts to buy the new kanye west cd with my itunes cards . ( One of the few purchases I will make through itunes ) i love runaway . Its mixes classical + hiphop 
Slippery ! I swear today is goong by so sllooooooowww ! Almost into downtown .... 
Happy thxgng everyone ! My first thxgng with snow woah ... 
This is the first time Im ever going to black friday ! IM PUMPED WOOOOH ! ;D 
So i finally came back from \shopping till Im dropping\ " from black friday and I find out my dad is coming to take us to the mall . Ugggghh i just dont want to go back to the mall . What a sucker ... " 
On my way to the mall ( again ) . 
Wheres a starbucks around here honestly ? Ive walked around and all i see is one creepo and more creepos . 
I had one of the most weirdest dreams ever this morning and I dont know how to feel about it since its * looks around * disturbing . Why me ??? I wonder how this is going to effect me later because I know it will . I dont dream too much and when I can remember things go down fast . 
My mind is so cloudy ... Sometimes I really do believe that people are way too nice to me when maybe I think I have been neglecting them not on purpose . Other things come along and distract me . I'll make it up to you soon . So sorry that I didnt do my part . Maybe you'll understand ? 
Going to work ... This bus has air conditioning going on when it needs to turn up the heat ! My mood you ask ? cold and wet . Rain rain go away ... 
Waiting with < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > . It < PROPFEMALE > ends . Dont stop till you get enough ;D 
Im sick .... I dont want to see ppl from church ... No offense to them . Just language barrier kills whatever type of relationship i could of had with them . 
Second < PROPMALE > s dont come by too often so I took a < PROPMALE > . My only issue is that I regret my decision ... but I've already said it and now I cant take it back ... So now I wait to see how this will turn out ... Wish me luck ! My bro thinks I'll be fine but who knows ? 
Im sooooo confused .... I take that back ... I dont know how to handle this situation . For now I'll just go with the flow ... 
Mo work = mo money = mo money to be spent lol . My hours shifted drastically 
I should have just ended it . I knew this from the beginning but its whatever . I'll end it now to save me some trouble of getting so many mixed reactions . 
I am so bummed right now . Too much pressure to do right when all i do is wrong . What to do what to do ... 
Enjoy what you got because sooner or later it'll be gone ... 
Looooooooollll spent my xmas with a boy I like at work . One of the most greatest moments of my life so far . Unforgettable . Wish everyday could be like today . Lifes short . Enjoy it to the fullest , and Im out . 
Loooooooooollll I cant sleep . 2nd time in a row . Need these kids to understand no means no . 
I think that this yr will be an interesting one . With things the way they are now ... Somethings bound to happen . Im stressing , he's stressing ... We just need a vay k lol . Be far from home ... With new things needed to be done ... New people , new experiences . I want it all ... Do i have the willpower to do it ...? I do . Just need the money . Cash rules everything around me CREAM . 
Anyone trying to stop me at this point and time better not mess with me this time because I promised myself I want nothing but the best of the best . Nothing but good intentions . Clear minded , focused ... Im going to make this happen . I'll do whatever needs to be done to make this dream come true . Its a new year anyways right ? Let the games begin . 
ITS GOIOOOIIIINNNGGG DOOOOOWWWWWNNNN ... Country style haaaah . Random thought . 
Everywhere I go with people I know i see myself in them . I understand that you lost something important to you and you think that acting like me will bring them back but let me tell you something , you cant beat the original at its own game . Whats lost is lost . Money , power , and influence have gotten us where we are at . So what will you do if i changed this game hmmmm ? 
Why is my creativity always overlooked as stupidity . People are so judgemental I swear . Open your minds up and look at ALL the possibilities not one possibility . 
Are you happy now ? 
If theres one thing i have learned in these last two weeks to sum it all up , people come and go . Its no wonder people get reluctant to meet new people . 
Oooooohhhh spending this much money never ever felt this good ! On top of that it was limited edition too ???!!! This was one of those times I was at the right place at the right time . 
The trojan horse , can you see it ? Its right in front of you . The only thing is that cleverness will outsmart the masses . Theres always another option . Haaaaaah . 
Im so grateful i met you guys . If < PROPFEMALE > never hired me i probably would have gone crazy by now . Thanks for hearing me out because if you guys werent here id have no one to be expressive with . Happy times . < PROPFEMALE > , fried rice , and soul sista love yalls . 
Uh huh . I can almost taste it . What you ask ? Who knows . Still tryna figure it out myself . Give it some time and it will hit me . Hit me and i will realize how simple the answer was . Leggo ! 
