LOOK !! *points at random * A vampire !! 

Damnit ! Why does Fall break have to be ONE frikking day ? Might as well call it Fall day or something .... getting me all exited .. 
Getting ready to give a presentation that I am not ready for . Maybe the teacher will cut me some slack since Physical Training robbed me of my voice . ** crosses fingers ** 
CRAP !! How am I suppose to have a good time with friends If I'm this sleepy !?!? Hittin ' the movies soon . 
Base Housing is amaizing ! 
Happy that I got a keypad for my PS3 !! YAY , more fun for LittleBigPlanet ! 
I'm not looking forward to PT tomorrow , haven't run since FRIDAY !! D: 
:( I miss my hair . 
Phoneless for two weeks ..... craaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaap 
In a depressive state ... I hope I shake this off soon . 
My Legs !!!! THEY BURN ! 
Oh noes ! I'm interested in someone but have no idea how to approach him !! D: 
I am an American Airman , Guardian of Justice and Freedom . My nations sword and shield . Its sentry and avenger . I defend my country with my life . I am an american Airman . Wingman , leader , warrior . I will never leave an airman behind . I will not falter , and I WILL NOT FAIL ! 
I'm gonna be an air force trauma nurse when I grow up !! I can't wait to pick up the pieces of my wounded comrades to try and paste them back together under enemy fire !!! 
How can everything just change so quickly ... Good-bye Officer Ranks , Hello Enlisted Ranks . 
CAPSLOCK IS AUTO-PILOT FOR AWSOME 
Happy Halloween People ~ !! 
ALRIGHT !!! Only two weeks away from that delicious TURKEY !! 
It smells like pork chops breaded with Shake and bake 
Cant focus on homework with some wierdo breathing loud and heavy on the otherside of the room . Funny thing is , all he is doing is checking his farm at Farmville lol . 
FINALLY !!! My new old phone arrived . Oh yeah ... its that new yet familiar phone smell . * SNNNNNNNIFF * 
Turn the sun off ... 
BOOYAH !!! Hittin ' gamefrog tomorrow !! OK ... energy outburst is over .... tired again .... goodnight 
ALRIGHT !! I'm aiming for a good grade in my anatomy test ... time to do staring contests with my book ! 
Badminton ain't half bad 
Oh noes !!! My inner emo is trying to resurface !! * Grabs Tennis racket * Back you beast !! 
I really want a < PROPFEMALE > turnover 
Sweet beans in a basket . Its 5:15 PM and it looks like its 8:00 PM !! I DON'T LIKE CHANGE ! 
I don't wanna go to school today , momma !! :( 
YAY !! Off the waiting list for CAP flights ! xD 
Its the sound that makes me punch infants ! 
Man , I'm out of it .. 
I talk funny o . 0 
I think I'm melting inside ! Wieeeeeerd 
Oh noes .... No PHONE !! 
DAH !! I can't bite my nails and its stressing me out ! o . 0 
Hm .... Brainstorming :3 
Baking !! Sorullitos de maiz sackboy style :3 Delicious 
Preparing an early Thanks Giving Feast !! And by early I mean TOMORROW xD !! 
Dont you just hate it when you need to use a programe ASAP and suddenly it needs a 1hr Update to be used ? 
I'm in Heaven right now <3 
Maybe I'll stop ignoring FaceBook After all 
I needs me some cookies in Petville ..... Send me COOKIES !! COOOKIEEEEEEESS !!! DX 
Damnit ... 
Sadistic Uke ? Interesting heheh , I like it . 
Hacked PSP FTW 
Overwhelmed by the realization that a certain someone is very ... very .... VERY VERY VEEEEEEERY ridiculusly stupid and full of him//herself . It sucks when you wake up and only see the ugly side of someone important to you . 
I needed a trip back to nostalgia road to remind me who I am and who I should never become . I'm Happy now :3 
Just regected yet another love confession .... I dont know If I should be happy or pissed off 
Hell ... I only have one life , I should live it up more instead of worrying about other peoples \standards\ " . I don't wanna end up miserable damnit ! " 
Tonight was pretty fun :3 
\ ... And in those days man shall seek death and shall not find it and they shall < PROPFEMALE > to die and death shall hide from them . \"" 
Oh Poo ...... why cant at least one thing be easy !?? 
Ultimate technic \Face SMASH\ " . Super effective . xD " 
Darkrai FTW !! XD 
Pissing where you mix the potions , eh ? Been there , had fun . 
Thanx Guys :D I'm 21 now !!! WOOT ! 
+20 speed !?!?!?!? F-YEAH !! xD 
\Men are like goverment bonds . They take too long to mature . \"" 
Don't miss read me , I'm not angry . I'm not sad . I'm not disapointed . I'm just speechless . This isnt an emotional ordeal , its just a realization of my stupidity . Hurray for sleep , what can go wrong in a world of fakes . At least the fakes in my dreams are more acceptable . 
Seconds feel like hours 
+19 Attack and Sp . Attack !!?? XD 
the world was against my nap earlier ... but now that I have a full belly .... I must .... Hybernate . Now , nobody bother me !! RAWR !!! 
Bus Routes are so confusing ... THATS IT !!! I'm getting a bycicle instead !... I wish :( 
Fire alarm just went off ..... and its so cold outside :'( 
Back to reality where gravity will body slam me . 
Shit just got real , Final stretch !! 
I would like some coffee with my cream and sugar , please :3 * sweet tooth * 
Just had my first experience with the Elite Four . Iiiiiinnnnterestiiiiing .... 
Throw your antenas in the air and wave them like you just don't compute 
It hurts when you realize that something so important will never be the same . 
Most of life situations are like foreplay . You have a great build-up but in the end reality can never beat the fantasy . 
Hm ..... I feel so RENEWED !! I'm not very religios at all but today I feel like He is really looking after me and that makes me feel like if I can take on anything today !! WOW , thats a really awesome feeling !!!! ................. maybe its because mom sent me so many iHearts ? lol Love you MOM ! 
Hm ... I wonder what everyone is up to ? 
Today's weather sucks >:\\ 
Can't wait to be done with Finals and Papers ! 
make a change every day but keep the same face 
Fire alarm keeps going off .. How am I suppose to waste my time in the computer if I keep getting forced to leave my room !? 
The elite four arent so tough ! Piece of cake ! 
Havent been able to sleep well , why am I so uneasy ? 
Like a hot knife through butter , you have all \ 
been carved into my heart with a hot sensation that burns oh so good . \ 
Let < PROPFEMALE > allow us to cross paths again someday . But for now , Sayonara\ 
< PROPFEMALE > !! DAISUKI !! 
I have 541 SNES games in my PSP !? OH BOY !! XD 
Enjoying unsensored , bloody open surgery proceedures while eating Ketter Popcorn :) Indeed , its the little things that help you see how good life is . 
Boricua power baby !! < PROPFEMALE > wins Survivor !! WOOT !! 
Hoping everythig turns out alright . 
Oh now thats just GREAT !! My body temperature sky-rocketed and my skin is flushed with anger !! And the stupid thing is that I'm angry about something insignificant ... or maybe I'm angry because IT isnt insignificant and someone else thinks it is ..... DAH !!!! Ok ok ok ... calm down ! Calm down ................................ I'm going to gut him alive ... Gut him , gut him , gut him ... :3 Yay for happy thoughts 
What a drag ... 
Job hunting , College hunting , just plain and simply hunting . 
Making mofongo relleno de camarones with my mom ! Anyone want some ? 
Passion pits has some real good music !! Heheheh .... passion pits .... I can't seem to say that name without giggling a bit afterwards . 
PHEW !! What a nice morning ! Maybe I'll go for a walk .. or roll on the grass for a lil bit . 
My phone broke ... this is the third phone I fuck up !! Damn ... I go though phones faster than a bar of milk chocolate with almonds . And thats sayin something !! 
Ugh .... been sick all day ! 
Feeling better ... Although my upper abdomen feels like there's a 10 pound rock tied to it 
Wow , wow , wow , wOw , WOW !!.... some one took my swimsuit and I demand to know who .. Or what .. Took it . 
There a place in this world where people like me are found by people like you . So find a place as this forever divine . 
RAAAAAAAWRRR !!!! ~ <3 heheheh :3 
mmm ... In a < PROPFEMALE > day like this one , its so nice to know you have a Wii , PS3 , Xbox 360 , PS2 , Nintendo 64 and PSP's to keep you company . 
Sigh ... It sucks to wake up sick :( 
LEEROOOOOOOOOOYYYYY JEEEEENKIINSSS 
Hay Dios mio ... Por que siento este basio tan inmenso en mi ? No se is es mi < PROPFEMALE > , o mi < PROPFEMALE > , o mi cuerpo ... Pero me siento tan basia . 
La < PROPFEMALE > mueve monta ~ as 
Yay :3 new swimsuit ! 
Watching UNDATEABLE on VH1 .... LMFAO !!! HAHAHAH !!! 
Dreaming a dream of you 
What is the difference between an \I Love You\ " and an \ " I Love Ya \"?" 
This day feels fucking awesome !!!!!! 1 
just saw an episode of Law and Order and I realized .... I'm gonna get so damn pissed if the man I married turned out to be gay . For real , its gonna piss me off !! 
A baconator from < PROPFEMALE>'s tastes even more awesome when your extremly hungry . I tore that thing apart !!!!! Yumm : 9 
Gah ! This is the third night this happens to me ... I forgot how to fall asleep !! I feel like an owl O.O Im too much of a thoughrough thinker ... 
YES !!! Finally .... enjoy the apartment pool !!! Mmmmmm ... Plus pizza for dinner . Epic day :3 
I'm putting my money on Brasil or Germany !!.... oh wait ... I'm broke :( 
Time flows like a river , never turning back . A childish mind will turn to < PROPMALE > ambition ... Young love will become deep affection ... The clear water's surface reflects growth ... 
... Where is the air ... 
... Forgive and forget ... 
the legend of zelda : skyward sword !!!!! Its gonna be frikkin sweet 
I'm NOT a river girl ... Give me a pool or a beach anyday . Still , its pretty cool :3 
So our oceans are filling up with oil and our atmosphere will be filling up with methane . So if someone lights a match around 2012 we will become the solar systems second sun . Hurray for happy endings . 
I'm just tired ... Time for a change . Clean slates are meaningless , I'll do with what I have and make a masterpiece out of it . In the end , no matter where I end up , I'll never be alone . 
Addicted To MetalGearSolid : Peace < PROPMALE > . Begging Tea to play MGS with me :D Its so fun 
Sick and tired of my neighbor blasting my bedroom wall with cheesy opera music from the 70's!! 
I complained to my neighbor about the loud music and I got flowers in return hahah !! 
Why not ... I'm gonna cheer for Chile instead this time :3 
And Chile was owned ... Sigh 
Pero que MAL Portugal < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > pegando a la frikkin pelota !! Por < PROPFEMALE > menos tienen < PROPFEMALE > defensa ... 
Doing Monster < PROPMALE > quests in Peace < PROPMALE > :D 
Hmmm ... I want to fly :3 
Just made a large batch of sugary vanilla cookies and they came out so good and fluffy : 9 
Just made and perfected my favority dish , guanimitos :D ... now what would be a good complimentary side dish ? Hmmm ... 
Started to make a personal recipe book . This is or a sign of boredom or a sign that maybe I truly am inlove 
He is here and there , everywhere . All we have to do is reach . He never runs away from our reach , we are the ones that run away from his . Knowledge of the day : brownies and frosting don't mix . 
Curse you octopuse !!!! May you burn in a grill ~ !!!! 
I love my Idiot with all my heart . I can't wait to be next to him and only him . 
... Sigh ... 
Lost in the peculiar world of Earthbound . 
Sweet jumping jelly bean !! I'm awake ! 
I'M IN DESPAIR !! I over-cooked the pasta which is a stupid mistake to do with my experience !! 
Remember kids , don't do anything I would do ! ~ <3 
Its funny when you see a Walmart next to an out-of-business Kroger . 
Fly me to the < PROPFEMALE > and let me be among the stars . \ 
Let me see how spring is like on Jupiter and mars . \ 
In other words , hold my hand . In other word , baby kiss me . \ 
Fill my heart with song and let me sing forever more\ 
Your the one I long for , the one I worship and adore . \ 
In other words , please be true . In other words , I love you ... I love you ~ <3 ! 
Marathon of \1000 ways to die\ " !!! YES !!! " 
Trying to patch up an old and very special Nintendo jacket ... so much black ink sharpie and sowing is needed . 
I seem to have an unusual craving for mini wheats cereal ... I dunno why , they taste like frikking hay ! 
Smiley face :) heheh 
hanging out with my god-son and his sister :3 
I can't seem to gather ... The power to .... ROLL OUT OF BED !!! In the name of brownie cookies , I need frikkin POWER !! 
For not being able to roll out of bed this morning , this day turned out to be one of the bests :3 To top it off it be great to spend some quality time with the man I love most in this world . 
Whatching old Looney Toons and < PROPFIRST > Mouse cartoons . None better than the old school cartoons . 
Dear World : t('u't ) 
I haven't been this happy in like FUCKING FOREVER . Fluffy chocolate cookies for everyone !! 1 !! XD 
Passing time playing the Megaman Zero collection . 
So tired of being there , yet standing alone when I need you . You fucking idiot ... 
Playing LocoRoco , Megaman Zero , Earthbound and < PROPFIRST > & < PROPMALE > . XD I <3 LocoRoco 
For some reason I feel heart brokenly sad right now ... I don't know why . Feels like I might just cry . 
Phew ... Now THIS is a goooooooooooood morning . 
Why is it that when I wake up early I tend to roll in bed like a cat rolling over catnip ? 0 . o 
Birth by sleep ...... Yeeeeeeeeeeeeeees 
Playing Birth By Sleep and I suffered a severe fan girl squeek when I saw Ansem and heard his classic darkness speech XD 
Thinking of someone very special , important to my heart . 
has re-awaken her undying love for super KAWAII YAOI !! XD 
I woke up inlove this morning <3 <3 <3 
nothing like sun drying next to the pool with nice techno music , best thinking time ever . 
In the darkest times , hope is something you give yourself . That is the meaning of inner strength . Hmmm :3 I should sun dry more often !!! 
Spent the day remembering moments important to my heart , can't help but have a smile or two escape my lips . 
Had a full day of cleaning . * SSSSSSSNIFF * Aaaaah ... The stink of clean :D 
Seeing so many paranormal activity shows have brought a great question to my mind , why is peptobismol pink ? O . 0 
I cant believe it ... Im watching < PROPFEMALE > Trek !! 
Rawr ! ~ <3 
Why why WHY !??? Why couldnt I stop myself from checking the Rockman Zero manga !?!?!??!?!?!? My eyes , my brain , How they melt in painful agony with the flames of disappointment !! 
... Seeing many things a little differently than before . 
Gonna make cinnamon pretzels , lets see how this will turn out XD 
In a damn good mood !! WOOH !! xD 
Making even more pretzels :3 
Yaoi moe !! MOEEEEE !! xD <3 <3 <3 <3 
Carved a Pumpkin today , it was more fun than I thought It would be :D 
Already running our of < PROPFEMALE > for the kids -___- Happy Halloween everyone ! 
Sweet sweet November , I missed you so . 
Love causes a person to wander . 
Decorating is so nice , it feels like these holidays will be very special . A bit more than the rest that is :3 
I will look into the horizon and wait for the day I will find you by my side O . 0 
:( 
Coquito , Coquito , Coquito !! Come on mom !! Make it already please , strong just how I like it !! :3 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone :3 
I miss my idiot :( 
In a damn good mood :3 
Finally back home , now ... sleep . 
Still wondering why does the Ice-cream truck that circles around my apartment plays \la cucaracha\ " . It seems more like an illegal immigrant trap truck rather than an ice-cream truck . " 
I should catch up on my comics :3 
Trying to master the science of sackbots 
