happy new year , world 

has great friends 
is happy his brother will join him in Princeton tomorrow . 
got a cool Japanese headband 
every man is an island 
is about to cut his hair . Objections ? 
got a haircut ! 
http://ca.news.yahoo.com/s/capress/091008/world/eu_nobel_literature 
is happy Sorina is coming to Princeton 
it's a new day 
has a gold medal . In taekwondo . 
when will I stop spilling liquids ? 
loves correlation coefficients 
hates correlation coefficients 
is going home ! 
is home 
is addicted to Tap Tap Revenge on his Ipod and thinks it could make a great experimental paradigm for studying motor learning 
870/900 Math GRE 
first interview ! Harvard - January 21-24 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
slept from 11pm to 7am ! It's a Christmas miracle ! 
found the magic water . It makes an incredible coffee ! 
Have a wonderful 2011 everyone ! 
2nd interview : Carnegie Mellon , 11-13 Feb 
is sick of data 
3rd interview : Columbia , 24-27 Feb 
is coming back 
is back 
is back : Spelman 73 feels like ... home ?! 
4th interview : Caltech ! California here I come ... 
5th interview : UCL Gatsby ! first in Europe , yay !!! 
in Boston 
the rumors are true : Harvard IS awesome 
needs paper filters 
is mad at himself 
built an igloo 
is sick of plains and trains 
my Harvard experience \has been deferred \"" 
got into Caltech , Carnegie Mellon 
is happy 
got into Columbia and he's lovin it 
is suspended above the Atlantic ; as soon as my wave function collapses I will know where the future lies ; let's just hope I don't fall into the ocean ... 
it happened ! Marius will do his PhD in London !!!! 
baked 4 cozonaci 
went there and back 
:( thesis does not want to write itself 
pain is weakness leaving the body 
commencing countdown engines on - 5 
has discovered hyperlinks and bookmarks in latex ! 
5am and thesis looks good ! - 4 days left ( or was it 3 ? ) 
one ( 1 ) day left ! 
thesis submitted . freedom awaits . 
wishes the bugs would stay away 
is taking the day off 
has defended his kingdom from the invasion of the readers 
this is it . I am officially done with Princeton academics and eager to move on with my life . 
is happy about his thesis grade 
US world cup soccer team is currently training at Princeton on our stadium ... just thought I'd throw this out there 
copied from wikipedia : Oxford claims 47 Nobel Laureates and 3 Fields Medallists as well as 25 British \ 
Prime Ministers and 12 Christian saints amongst its staff and alumni 
2 days until graduation and then ... home sweet home 
graduated 
has left Princeton 
is home , but his ipod and wallet are not ... 
watched his first post-graduation movie today : Across the Universe . He was freaked out to find that the first 30 mins of the movie happen nowhere else but in Princeton . Coincidence ? Cosmic conspiration ? 
just made his first curry ever and is happy about the results 
off to Budapest ! 
Budapest . 
is not sure whether he is watching football or some other sport 
im Berlin ! 
in Bonn 
it's oh so quiet ... 
ha ha ha .... I've exhausted facebook's recommended pages ! 
has completed SC2 : Wings of < PROPFEMALE > on Hard . Now I can get to work ... 
fill in the blank : ' Marius has a license to ... ' 
went up and down 1300m today and was excited about it but now is mostly just sore and tired . 
GMT 0 
PhD vacation #1 : Sep 19th - Oct 3rd 
just went mushroom picking ( in a real < PROPMALE > , not on Farmville ) 
made apple pie 
is moving into his new home this coming Wednesday ! Come visit at 5 Northview , Islington , London , UK . 
back in London 
has the cheapest room in London . plenty of money left to visit friends in exotic places , anyone ? 
is officially no longer homeless ! 
is joining the UCL taekwondo club ! 
facebook question : Why does the keypad of the ATM have Braille on it ? \ 
\ 
most voted answer : Do you wear a helmet when you go out in public ? 
read on the walls of the British Library this morning : ' There are two ways to know a subject . One is to know it yourself , the other to know where to find information about it . ' 
in England , food is priced in pounds/pound . 
biked to work in 19 minutes - that's a bit faster than the bus , but he can bike faster ... he knows he can . 
they took my bike lights ! 
made tea ! ( for 20 Gatsbyites ) 
accidentally landed on gail.com and had a good laugh about what he found there 
Remember , remember the 5th of November ! Going to the Guy Fawkes night fireworks . It shall be a blast ! 
Theorem ( < PROPFIRST > Latham ): 1D dynamics are boring . 
first time cycling through London rain and it's ... wet . A fine adventure still , especially with the wind blowing sideways . Steering has never been so much fun ... 
dreamt he was walking on the < PROPFEMALE > . he also dreamt he updated his facebook status to say he had walked on the < PROPFEMALE > . 
the internet has arrived at my place ! 
getting home in one piece was a challenge today . 
snow ! ( wonders if he'll be able to bike to the Gatsby tomorrow because of the mountains of white fluffy snow that will have accumulated ) 
the warranty on my new headphones says the following : ' (...) However this Creative Warranty does not cover normal wear and tear , abnormal usage (...) damages arising from an * Act of God * and theft . ' What ???? 
is packing 
back in town ! 
forgot to facebook this : probably was on the the last flight to leave Heathrow when the big bad snow happened ; is extremely grateful to ... blind luck ! for not booking a different flight . 
London calling .... 
has an amazing new chair , which goes well with his amazing desk 
Lord Norwich tried to mend the electric light \ 
It struck him dead-and serve him right ! \ 
It is the duty of the wealthy man \ 
To give employment to the artisan . 
is doing a US tour ! plane tickets as follows :\ 
Leg 1 : London - Boston\ 
Leg 2 : NYC - Salt Lake City\ 
Leg 3 : Las Vegas - London\ 
Aren't multi-city tickets wonderful ? 
made pound cake for tea ! 
exams are what makes life worth living . Oh wait ... that's not it . 
Black Swan 
will be in Boston this Saturday ! 
is using the KISS framework to design his poster 
got 167/180 on his neuroscience exam and is now bragging about it . He almost doesn't care anymore that his poster is such a big mess .... 
is looking for a word 
has had a great time at 10MIYTBNCCO in Cambridge with Keisuke Ishihara , < PROPFIRST > Gelbart , Genya Frenkel and < PROPMALE > Roberts but has now moved to Princeton . 
has a great time in Princeton , now that the presentation is behind 
has been to Salt Lake City , Snowbird mountain resort , < PROPMALE > Canyon , < PROPFEMALE > Dam , Antelope Canyon , Monument Valley , Goosenecks ( really loved this one ) , Grand Canyon , Hoover Dam , Las Vegas and is about to fly back to London . Great road trip , there is beauty in the desert . 
