pleasantville 

Now I remember why I don't talk to friends when they're not within reasonable smacking distance :-P 
Post wedding day ..... XD lol 
has a space :-P 
Omg , where did my e-mail go ? :-P 
\Kindness is just love with its work boots on\ " -House < PROPFEMALE > :-P " 
Lots of cool news today . Check it out ! :-D 
Don't know what to write cause my words have already been copyrighted lol 
Def misses the bf :-\\ 
is unhappy with this leaving thing :-( 
should be packing .... lol 
Arkansas ... yikes lol 
Looking for Brawl friends . Any takers ? :-P New wii , yay !!!! 
Wooohooo ! The ladies are in italy ... alive lol 
washed his phone and now needs his friend's < PROPFIRST > :-P 
Alrighty , I'll be home after 2 days for the first time in 6 months ... woah :-P 
Just ate an entire pizza . Immobilized in recovery mode .... XD 
4 days till I'm 21 .... OMG !!! :-D 
Three days !!! :-D 
Holy shitttttt . 22 Hours !!!!!! :-D 
To everyone who loves me , send me a text with your name in it so I can add it to my contacts list cause I lost everyone lol . Thanks ! :-D 
AHHHHHHH !!! Fucking 21 finally !!!!! And thank you for the birthday wishes and those to come :-) 
Thanks to everyone for the best birthday I've ever had ! It was unbelievably cool and I can't imagine a better one ! 
Only two more shifts and I'm off to NY ! :-D 
Tomorrow , at this time , I will be boarding an airplane destined for my homeland ... :-P 
Is a-traveling to the Tri-State Area ! Goodbye Texas , we'll meet up again when real life resumes :-P and hello New York !!! :-D 
Fuck mid-term elections . Now I have to keep CNN on all day and cry later when the republicans make ridiculous gains : ' -( 
Alrighty , time for everyone to get along on Capitol Hill , though I still don't like republicans lol 
Bunnies !!!! :-P 
Got Jesus on my neckalus-us-us .... or not :-P 
Annnnnd the entire city of < PROPFIRST > comes to a halt with a nice thin blanket of snow :-p 
Okay , def the cheeziest song ever but Lady Gaga's new single is too catchy to avoid downloading :-P 
