is hoping for a good fight on College Hill . 

was looking for a better fight on College Hill ........ Oh well ........ < PROPFEMALE > got rocked though ......... Sucks for her ........ 
is a bit shocked . R.I.P. to < PROPFEMALE > Fawcett & < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . 
has a few days left . 
can't believe how bad shit is for < PROPFIRST > Iverson . He's so desperate for a team that he's interested in signing with the Memphis Grizzlies ! Oh , how the mighty have fallen ...... 
is finally getting started this week . 
thinks its pretty damn hilarious that < PROPMALE > Richardson has been traded 3 times in one summer , and all to sorry ass teams ! ( Knicks to Grizzlies , Grizzlies to Clippers , Clippers to T'Wolves ) 
just saw the video evidence that Stephon Marbury has COMPLETELY lost his fucking mind ! 
just got back from the Phillies-Rockies game at Citizen's Bank Park . Phillies rookie pitcher J.A. Happ threw a complete game shutout !!!! Phils won 7-0 . 
is wondering why they didn't announce the signing of < PROPFIRST > Vick at the end of the game last night . Oh well .... Vick is in Philly !!!! 
is ready for Sunday to come . 
finally got his class schedule , just in time for the start of classes . 
is ready for this damn week to be over . 
needs for everyone in his graduate program ( students & professors ) to step their damn game up . This shit is getting ridiculous ! 
hates this damn cold weather . 
feels a bit dumb right now . Oh well . 
needs to clear his mind . 
has officially had a horrible week .... RIP < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Jones .... 
does not like the New York Yankees .... Go Phillies !!!! 
just saw < PROPMALE > Lidge hand the Yankees the W in Game 4 . This is some bullshit ! 
can't fully explain what's going on in his mind , but he doesn't have a good feeling about certain things . 
has a special message for all of the New York Yankees fans out there ( except for 1 ) .... FUCK YOU & FUCK THOSE DAMN YANKEES !!!! 
thinks its funny how amazingly wrong people are when they think they know what's going on in his mind . 
hopes that everything works out for him & some people around him . 
has an old Zapp song on his mind right now . 
is tired of all these punk ass ' suggestions ' on the side of his Facebook home < PROPFEMALE > . This shit is annoying . Is there anyway to take the damn thing off ? 
is tired of waking up so early or going to sleep extremely late . He needs to work on his sleep schedule . Instead of being on Facebook right now , he should probably be working on one of his papers that are due soon but .... NAW !!!! Those shits will get done eventually 
thinks his sister is trying to suffocate him . It feels good to be back home though . 
thinks his sister is trying to suffocate him . It feels good to be back home though . And he's starting off grad school the same way he finished his last semester of undergrad , with a 4.0 . 
is ready for round 2 of grad school ; maybe it'll help him clear his mind . 
knows he fucked up at some point last week . He just hopes that everything gets straightened out soon ; 2010 is starting off as a bad year for him . 
doesn't know where to go from here . 
feels a little bit like shit right now , but talking to his sister a bit made him feel a little better . Last Thursday was clearly a mistake , though . Classes start on Wednesday . 
thinks this semester is going to be a bad one . It's already starting off bad . He's pissed for one thing : the guy at the barber shop last week trimmed his beard too thin , so now he has to shave it and start all over . And he has to take all 4 classes with everyone else in the program , no extra hour break . Its not like he was doing anything with that hour but it was still nice to have . This is going to be some bullshit . 
is starting off the semester with the babyface ( no hair on top & no hair on the face ) . We'll see how long he keeps that up . 
thinks that this 2010 title game was terrible for the most part . It didn't live up to the hype at all . At least the SEC came out on top , 6-0 in BCS title games now . 
is finally about to take the advice of < PROPMALE > Heggie & start popping them ' roids .... Ok , nobody's really taking steroids around here .... 
is finally about to take the advice of < PROPMALE > Heggie & start popping them ' roids .... Ok , nobody's really taking steroids around here ... The Eagles just got raped worse that Ving Rhames in Pulp Fiction ; this shit got bad . 
might need to start taking sleeping pills . All these days not being able to get any sleep are starting to get annoying . 
has a feeling that he's going to get sick very soon . 
has had a rough day . He hit the ground more than a couple times , almost pulled a hamstring , got hit square in the eye with someone's shoulder , got somebody's blood on his shirt , and almost popped his shoulder out of the socket ( and that shit still hurts ) . All this and no fouls got called ( on him or anyone else ) ... 
is trying to get his passport as soon as possible so he can be able to make a business trip to Canada in March . 
is trying to get his passport as soon as possible so he can be able to make a business trip to Canada in March . And why was like half of the club ( males & females ) trying to fight at a damn Auburn AKA party tonight ? That shit was pretty funny to see though . 
just got back from the game . He expected Kentucky to beat the shit out of Auburn ; instead , UK only won by 5 . It was actually a pretty good game to be at ; he's glad he decided to go . 
would be pissed off if he was a Cowboys fan . But he's not , so he's just watching the game laughing at their misfortunes & their pathetic kicker . 
thinks he knows way too many people born in January . So ( if you've known him these past few years , you already know what's coming ) , fuck all of you Capricorn & Aquarius people ! Where the Cancers at ?.... In unrelated news , he thinks the UConn women's team is easily going to win the title & everyone else is playing for 2nd place . 
is looking forward to having a nice little Spring Break this year . A Jay-Z concert & Sixers @ Hawks . And if he's lucky , add Lakers @ Heat & the SEC women's basketball championship to that . 
is a little mad but not surprised at how bad UNC sucks this year . Those Duke matchups are gonna be a bitch though . 
is bored as shit today , with nothing to do & no one to talk to . Maybe he should start apartment searching around the Philadelphia/New Jersey/Delaware area online ( wouldn't want to do that at the last minute ) . 
would really like to know why Pau Gasol can't make a fucking free throw . 
is a little surprised that Tuskegee's basketball team is actually good this year . 
is predicting a Vikings-Jets , Vikings-Colts , Saints-Jets , or Saints-Colts Super Bowl XLIV matchup in 2 weeks . One of these HAS to be correct .... Unless everyone on these teams were to perish in some unfortunate accident . But even then , they'd probably just use practice squad players for the game . 
thinks the Jets were beaten by a superior opponent . And the Vikings ' offense played like scared pussies for a good bit ( 6 fumbles ) and the Saints STILL needed overtime to win . Keep in mind the only reason the game went to ot is because Favre threw an idiotic interception when he should have run with the damn ball at the end of the 4th . If today is any indication of what's to come , the Colts will win Super Bowl XLIV . 
tiene mierda que debe ser completado para el Miércoles . Se espera que la última frase es correcta . 
just saw the Celtics drop one against the Magic . It's always a great thing to see Boston lose . 
is looking forward to another Celtic loss tonight ( and the Hawks moving into 2nd place in the east with a win ) . 
is about to be on his way to Athens for a quick second . 
would like to do something that would make his hair stop growing . He's tired of having to shave his head every week . That shit gets old after a while , but he doesn't want to walk around looking like a dark < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > all the time either . 
has just 1 question .... How the fuck does Burger < PROPMALE > run out of burgers ?! Only in Tuskegee fucking Alabama .... 
has a lot of love for people that attend , graduated from , and work at Paine College . But for tonight ( Feb . 1 , 2010 ) , all of them can kiss my ass !!!! 
has a lot of love for people that attend , graduated from , and work at Paine College . But for tonight ( Feb . 1 , 2010 ) , all of them can kiss my ass !!!! Tuskegee is getting some revenge at YOUR Homecoming . It's going to be great .... 
can't wait for this test on Friday to come and go . 
had a dream the other night where he almost got shot by someone with an AK-47 , but the cops came in before the guy got to pull the trigger . He has no clue what the hell that's supposed to mean . He's beginning to think he might be losing his mind . 
would like for a Saints win today , but still thinks the Colts will take it . He really doesn't care who wins in the end though . He just wants to see a good game . 
usually doesn't see any goals scored or fights in hockey games because they normally happen when he changes the channel . But within 5 minutes of turning on the Devils-Flyers game , he saw a goal scored by New Jersey AND a fight soon after . Today has been great ! 
loves his days off during the week . He gets so much extra sleep on these days . 
feels like he could really understand what's going on in his Sonar class if he was being taught this shit correctly . 
told those folks at Paine that Tuskegee would spank that ass at their homecoming and that's exactly what happened . He has a quick message for Rhodesha Middlebrook too : don't forget about the little bet you made with him ; he expects to be paid in full . 
is patiently waiting for Spring Break to arrive . 
is thinking of some bullshit to put on his status , but nothing is coming to mind . 
is blah blah blah yada yada yada . 
is looking forward to having a quick week . The faster this week goes by , the faster this Saturday will come . Jay-Z & Young Jeezy live from Philips Arena . 
doesn't feel like washing clothes any time soon . So , instead , he's going to buy enough underwear & socks to last until after spring break and wash in about 2 weeks .... Don't judge him .... 
would like for several aspects of his life to be a little different , but he's not sure if it's possible to change them . 
was starting to like the weather here in Auburn .... until Monday , that is . This shit's starting to get a little chilly again . It's time to bring the beard back ( the process started about a week ago ) . 
saw something in his apartment complex earlier today that looked exactly like a rat , but was literally the size of a big ass rabbit . What the fuck was that ? 
is finally done with midterms . Now , it's about time to drink all the pain away .... 
needs to start expanding his Blu-Ray collection . 
has found himself listening to a lot of Wale , Chrisette < PROPFEMALE > , Kid Cudi & Linkin Park lately .... Such a strange combination of artists .... 
finally got his passport . Toronto is only a few weeks away . 
just saw an article on Yahoo ! that listed the top 10 highest earning mid-career undergrad degrees . Electrical Engineering came in 4th with $ 102,000 .... Looks like he picked a pretty damn good < PROPMALE > . ( And finishing a Master's Degree this summer won't hurt either ) 
feels pretty damn good when he says this : Tuskegee University < PROPFEMALE > Tigers , 2010 SIAC men's basketball champions !!!! 1 game left this weekend . 
wants to congratulate < PROPFEMALE > Bullock for winning the Razzie for Worst Actress in ' All About < PROPMALE>' & the < PROPFIRST > for Best Actress in ' The Blind Side ' . She's the standard for greatness AND shittiness . What a feat to accomplish . 
is about ready for the 2nd half of this punk ass semester . 
finally got his \Boom Dizzle\ " beard back . " 
is about to sit back and bullshit this entire weekend . 
just got back from Toronto & the very 1st sports news he hears is that the Eagles has agreed to trade < PROPMALE > McNabb to the Redskins .... What the fuck ?! This is a very sad day in sports . It's going to be a little tough to decide who to cheer for when the teams play at < PROPMALE > Financial next year . 
is mad . First it was the Yankees , now its the Duke Blue Devils . What the hell is the world coming to ? 
just saw UConn win their 78th straight game ( their 1st win by single digits ; shot horrible from the free throw line ) . Only one question comes to his mind : what if < PROPFEMALE > Moore decided to go to Tennessee instead ?.... In related news , why is it that women's college basketball games can get airtime on ESPN but the WNBA is still stuck on ESPN2 status ? It's almost like going pro in the women's game is a step down . 
had a discussion with a few of his friends recently . They came to the conclusion that Ewane may have been a mistake . It's pretty funny to come to that possibility to him ( and them ) . 
thinks the Lakers need to quit bullshitting and go clinch the West asap . And he thinks ESPN should loosen the grip on Tiger's nuts . All he did was cheat on his wife & play in the Masters ( in the fine city of < PROPFEMALE > , GA ) . Do they really need to broadcast his tee time all over SportsCenter ? It's not like he's coming back from the dead or some shit like that ; now that would be an amazing comeback . 
wonders if he is the only one that daydreams while in class or while driving on the highway . He missed an exit doing that recently . 
thinks that this year will be the year that the Cavaliers win the NBA title ( although he hopes he'll be wrong about that ) . Playoffs start in a few days . 
feels like a tortured genius .... Or maybe he's going a little crazy .... Or maybe he's just overthinking shit . Whatever it is , there is something in his head that just isn't right . 
Happy Birthday , < PROPFIRST > Jones . RIP . 
has too much shit to do . He has three tests , 2 papers , one presentation , 3 mini-lab reports , and 2 final exams coming up in the next 2 weeks ( and he just had another test this past Friday ) . It's time to get on the grind . But that will be a difficult task since the NBA Playoffs are just getting started . ( let's go Lakers ! clap-clap-clapclapclap ) 
just saw a 12.5 oz box of Corn Pops at Wal-Mart costs $2.92 and a 17.2 oz of the exact same cereal costs $2.94 .... What the fuck ? 
is on Skype .... He hasn't talked to the person that got him to sign up for that shit in over a month & most of his friends on there are the same motherfuckers he sees in class every day ( no offense to anyone of them , they should expect me to say some dumb shit like that anyway ) .... What a fucking waste of time to sign up for it . Anyone on it not in Tuskegee ? 
just saw < PROPMALE > Tebow get drafted in the 1st round . Shocking .... 
had one random ass thought earlier . If a transsexual commits a crime & goes to jail , would it go to a jail of the gender it was born as or the one it switched to ( he would expected it to get raped A LOT if it goes to the one it was born as ) . Anyways , happy 9th birthday to his little brother < PROPMALE > . 
is going to try to not use any foul language in class tomorrow ( April 26 ) since it is the last day of the semester . An extremely difficult task indeed . 
has to begin getting ready for moving to Philly in August . The process has already started .... by getting all of Beanie Sigel's albums . 
would like to know who the fuck thought the double down sandwich at KFC was a good idea . 
just found out how dumb Kentucky's basketball team was this past year . A team GPA of 2.025 , the lowest among UK sports and the lowest in basketball since 2002 .... How stupid do you have to be as a group to get so low ? It's as if they didn't even attempt to try to give a shit ( which he's pretty sure they didn't ) . 
is thinking about getting season tickets for the 76ers and/or the Eagles next year . If he can , he will . 
finally got his grades back for the spring . He got another 4.0 . Now , his grad school GPA is .... still a 4.0 . One semester left for perfection . 
a.k.a. Mr. 4.0 ( just came up with that , how do you like it ? ) hasn't shaved in almost 3 months ( and counting ) . Does it show ? Oh yeah , he got some tattoos earlier this week . 
is on his way back to the great state of GA . Congrats to all of the 2010 Tuskegee University graduates . 
is wondering if < PROPFIRST > Woodson's eyebrows will ever fully grow back .... Looks like the Hawks are about to get slaughtered again tonight . Oh well , at least the Lakers are still alive . Let's hope both matchups end tonight . 
just noticed its been 5 years since he graduated high school . 5 years can be a long time or a short time , depending on how you look at it . So many people he hasn't seen in a long time ; one friend he'll never hear from again . Shout out to the class of 2005 , especially the one at A.R. < PROPMALE > . RIP JBJ . 
thinks it's a shame how the Cavs just COMPLETELY gave up in the final 2 minutes . HAVE SOME FUCKING PRIDE !!!! Anyways , he hopes Boston gets back to the Finals so they can lose to the Lakers . 
thinks it's a shame how the Cavs just COMPLETELY gave up in the final 2 minutes . HAVE SOME FUCKING PRIDE !!!! Anyways , he hopes Boston gets back to the Finals so they can lose to the Lakers . Oh , basketball probably just died in Ohio tonight . Bye bye , LeBron . See you in New York or Chicago . 
just read a funny ass/ fucked up rumor . He just read that Delonte West has been fucking LeBron < PROPFIRST>' mom and he has been for some time . And it seems that LeBron found all this out just before Game 4 . If it's true , then it sucks to be LBJ . Either way , it's still funny to E . 
is tired of seeing that fucking Zoosk commercial on ESPN . Conference Finals start tomorrow night ( at least the one that matters does ) . Bad start for the WNBA , the Sparks lost by 1 . Damn .... And bad start for < PROPFIRST > Jones , played 3 mins and got a grand total of .... 1 foul ( 0 FGA , 0 FTA , 0 reb , 0 ast , 0 blk , 0 stl , but 0 turnovers !!!! ) . 
would like to know why there are so many US Marshals riding around < PROPFEMALE > today . 
liked how UNC and Duke worked together last night to help < PROPMALE > lose in the clutch . < PROPMALE > ( UNC ) choked at the free throw line & Redick ( Duke ) made an idiot move by not calling the timeout . 
saw a strange billboard today . It was billboard for Paine College . It looked o-so lame .... Um , PC is cool and all ( he guesses ) , but they don't have shit on Tuskegee University .... But he's just saying .... 
hears voices in his head . 
thinks the Magic might have already lost game 3 .... and it's still 7 minutes left in the 2nd quarter ! A damn shame . 
would normally offer his friends that are fans of fallen teams to come support the Lakers . But with the way the Magic just got completely slaughtered tonight , he fears that those people might bring some bad luck to L.A. Holy shit they got their ass BEAT !!!! Better luck next year , Arnecia < PROPMALE > & Ehi Igberaese . 
has to wait until the end of July to be cured of the disease called school . He hopes it comes pretty fast . 
thinks < PROPMALE > got lucky tonight . They tried so hard to give the game away . Let's hope for LA to go up 3-1 tomorrow . 
is having some trouble keeping up with the days of the week . He just found out today is Wednesday , but it feels like a Thursday .... Damn those Lakers ; they better win game 5 . 
just got some pretty good news . Things are looking like he might be able to get to $1 million before he turns 40 . Cool shit . 
feels fucking great . < PROPMALE > Artest finally did something right !!!! The W at the buzzer ; the Lakers are 1 win away from a 3rd consecutive NBA Finals appearance !!!! FUCK YEA !!!! 
said it after game 3 & is saying it again tonight : better luck next year Magic fans . Starting Thursday , the Lakers will show you ( hopefully ) how to kick the Celtics ' asses . 
got the Finals matchup he wanted , Lakers v . Celtics . Rampage pretty much got his ass beat tonight . And how does one break his leg while CELEBRATING a walk off grand slam ? Ask Kendry Morales of the Angels ; it happened to him today . Tragic . TRAGIC ! 
is going on 4 months since he last touched his beard ; it's starting to get a little thick . ( How do you like the ' Kangol ' product placement ? ' Kangol ' all day everyday ! ) 
is ready for game 1 of the NBA Finals . He also needs to start a fund to get to the All < PROPFEMALE > game in Los < PROPFEMALE > next year or the year after in < PROPMALE > . Anyone want to make any donations ? 
liked the way the Celtics played tonight ; they lost by 13 . Title #16 is 3 wins away .... 
just turned to ESPN & saw that the Spelling < PROPFEMALE > is on . Some of those kids have terrible teeth ; it might be best if they just don't smile . He's just being honest ; that shit was horrifying . 
is wonder why the hell Next Friday & Barbershop are coming on Oxygen tonight . 
is wide awake right now and it's almost 3 in the fucking morning ( Central time ) . He's thinking that he shouldn't have taken that damn 3+ hour nap earlier . The sleep was awesome but he's paying for that shit now . 
doesn't know what to say about tonight's game . < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > has 27 pts , 9/14 FG ( 7/8 on 3's- tying a Finals record for 3's made in a game ) and it's only fucking halftime .... Yet , as amazing as Walt is playing , < PROPFEMALE > & KG are playing shitty & the Lakers are only down 6 .... Crazy 1st half . 
thinks the referees in the first 2 games of the Finals have completely sucked . How the hell do the Celtics & Lakers shoot a combined 134 free throws in only 2 games ? There's no fucking way that many fouls are being made . Terrible result to game 2 by the way . 
thinks game 3 was great ! Thank you , < PROPMALE > Fisher ! 2 W's away to #16 . 
thinks game 3 was great ! Thank you , < PROPMALE > Fisher ( 11 pts in the 4th ) & < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > ( 0-13 FG , 0-8 3PT) ! 2 W's away to #16 
just saw < PROPFEMALE > Pierce punch a ref . Funny shit ! 
told himself that he would never buy a snuggie . Then a couple months back , he saw there was one made for the Lakers . Time passed and the Lakers made the Finals AGAIN and .... well .... you see the results .... 
almost had a < PROPMALE > to save a little money . But after a series of unfortunate events , he's back in the hole . But at least he was able to fix part of his car & possibly get an apartment in the Philadelphia area . 
blah blah blah fuck shit very bored . 
didn't realize < PROPMALE > Perkins meant that much to the Celtics ' success . Oh well . He's wondering what's going to happen in game 7 . 
is sleepy as FUCK , but can't go to sleep because it'll just mess up his sleep schedule .... And why the hell did an ice cream truck just ride past his window as he's typing this ? Who the fuck called them ? 
is calling it a game now . Boston just won ; you can't win a game when you're shooting 25% . LA didn't show up . 
just saw a crazy game . This is one time he is happy to be wrong ! 16 time NBA Champion LA Lakers !!!! 
thinks this is a bad year to be a Boston sports fan . The Lakers win back-to-back titles ( the 2nd was against the Celtics ); the Red Sox get swept in the 1st round of the playoffs & the Yankees won the World Series ; the Patriots get their asses kicked at home in the Wild Card Playoffs ; and the Bruins lose a playoff series after being up 3-0 ( and had home ice advantage ) . Damn . How does if feel , < PROPMALE > Camara ? 
is on his way to Atlanta . Birthday Bash 15 tonight at Philips ! 
took a nap earlier today . Terrible decision that was . 
just saw a crazy match at Wimbledon between < PROPFIRST > Isner ( USA ) & < PROPMALE > Mahut ( FRA ) . This is the score : 6-4 , 3-6 , 6-7 , 7-6 , 59-59 .... What the fuck . And the shit still isn't over ; it got stopped for today because of darkness ( just like yesterday ) . 
needs a change . 
spent a hell of a lot more money than he initially planned on this weekend . 
has a new address in Pennsylvania . 
is so ready to get the fuck away from everyone around . It's almost like July 31th can't come fast enough . 
has about 2 weeks left of classes before he can be finished with his Master's Degree program . After that , it might be time for a Doctorate ( the ONLY reason to go through that is so all of you will be forced to call him ' Dr. Etinge ' ) . 
didn't think LeBron had the balls to shit on the entire state of Ohio , but he did it and is joining the Miami Heat . Early prediction : Lakers over Heat in the 2011 NBA Finals . 
had a nice time out with his friends tonight for his birthday . It sucks that absolutely none of them are going to be in Philadelphia with him though . 
has a question : if a person orders a pizza for delivery , pays with a credit card over the phone , and the delivery guy gets into an accident on the way , does the customer get his/her money back ? 
is finally done with school . 5 years at Tuskegee University getting a Bachelor's Degree & a Master's Degree and it's finally over .... 
was driving to < PROPFEMALE > earlier today when he saw a brown car with a black Dodge Neon trunk . To make matters worse , the car was a Plymouth . If any of you know this person , tell him or her Ewane said \Kill ya self \"." 
has some business to attend to in DC . That's where he's headed to right now . 
plans on being in < PROPFEMALE > within the next 24 hours . Leaving at 2 A.M. with minimal rest over the past couple days is going to fucking suck though . 
is settled in his place in < PROPFEMALE > and trying to decide when he should get season tickets for the 76ers . Oh , Shaq is a damn fool and needs to fucking retire ! How's everyone doing ? 
would like to know why on the road from the Naval base to City Hall are there 10 fucking funeral homes in a span of 4 < PROPMALE > ?! ( This is not an exaggeration ; every-damn-where you turn , there's another funeral home on that road . ) 
just got back from Citizens Bank Park . The Phillies straight got their asses kicked tonight . But there is good news : he managed to beat the traffic on I-95 .... Why the fuck is NBATV always showing that fucking Shake-Weight commercial ?! 
would like to get an Ipod Touch , but the 64 GB isn't large enough . They need to release some bigger sizes . 
has nothing on his mind . He's drawing a complete blank . 
is wondering if other people have ever blacked out with their eyes open and regained consciousness only to realize that they have lost a few minutes of their lives . It's such a crazy feeling . 
is doing a hell of a lot of flying for someone that doesn't like planes . Toronto . D.C. < PROPFEMALE > , WI next week . Tallahassee , FL next month . Possibly < PROPMALE > in January . 
is thinking that this Bengals-Patriots game is just getting sad . 
plans on being in < PROPFEMALE > , WI in the next 24 hrs . 
is back in < PROPFEMALE > . 
is a beast at parallel parking . 
is spending time in VA this weekend . 
will be attending the Redskins-Eagles game at the Linc this Sunday . He's trying to decide if he should wear his McNabb Eagles jersey or just his white Eagles polo . Decisions , decisions . 
lives about 30 mins from the Linc . It took him an hour to get home tonight . AND Vick got hurt . Tonight was some bullshit ! Phillies first playoff game is Wednesday . Hopefully that'll be better . 
has been awake for the past 17 hours all because he went to sleep too early last night ( Oct 4 ) . It's only 7:30 pm right now . This is some bullshit . 
got his first couple season tickets the other day . The first game : preseason action versus Shaq , KG , Rondo , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > & the rest of the Boston Celtics . 
just saw a dead deer in the middle of the road . Funny , yet fucked up . Poor deer , probably got rocked by a car .... How the hell did a deer get in the road in the first place ? 
is about ready to head to Florida tomorrow . 
is on the first plane of the day . 
really fucking hates turbulence & rough landings . On a related note , he just landed in Tallahassee . 
is walking through the airport in ATL waiting on his plane back to Philly with an Eagles hat on . Is that fucked up ? Who knows . 
just got an autograph from a few 76ers players . And talked some shit to < PROPMALE > Brand because he went to Duke . Tonight was cool . 
just got an autograph from a few 76ers players . And talked some shit to < PROPMALE > Brand because he went to Duke . And he just got his 2010-11 season tickets in the mail . Tonight was cool . 
just saw the Yankees get knocked out of the Playoffs . Awesome ! 
1 year .... RIP J . < PROPMALE > Jones 
has a busy day tomorrow . He has to : go to work ; go get a bottle of Conjure & have Ludacris sign it ; go see LeBron , D-Wade & C . Bosh beat on the 76ers , and drink a lot of fluids . Nurse said so , he lost 1 pint of blood today . 
is at the Wells Fargo Center again tonight . Philly is playing the 120 million dollar man < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > & the Hawks .... Atlanta is so fucking stupid .... 
watched a good game tonight . Came down to the final shot . Bad possession by Philly though . ATL won by 3 . Time to head home . 
is contemplating getting rid of the beard for a few weeks . 
finally found a Chinese restaurant near his place . This is great ! 
thinks Waka Flocka's album sucks . He spends half of it screaming POW , BRICK SQUAD , & WAKA FLOCKA . But it's s hype too . Fuck a 5-hr energy , listen to Flockaveli . 
hopes everyone has a nice Thanksgiving . 
can't believe < PROPMALE > Joyner allowed his image to be shown on Paine College's website ( although it is for a good cause ) . 
thinks someone should really kick the shit out of Boise St. ' s kicker tonight . There's no excuse to choke like that . 
wishes this Nuggets-Suns game would end soon so he can go to sleep . 
just saw < PROPMALE > from Power Rangers on a new Bank of < PROPFEMALE > commercial & < PROPFIRST > from Living Single singing Christmas carols on a new K-Mart commercial or some shit .... Damn .... 
thinks it might be a good idea for < PROPMALE > to only give out soft items ( such as paper cups ) & not serve any alcohol at the game tonight against the Heat . 
is wondering how many wins Philly can get in these next 5 home games ( Cavs 12/7 , Celtics 12/9 , Hornets 12/12 , Clippers 12/15 , Lakers 12/17 ) . 
thinks Boston got lucky as shit tonight , but it was still a great fucking game . Time to head home . 
thinks he might be losing his fucking mind . His dreams during this past week have made no sense whatsoever . 
caught himself saying it was warm outside today . There's nothing wrong with that picture .... except that the temperature was 40 degrees at the time . 
just had the most random of songs pop into his head : SOS by Rihanna . 
is wondering if the 76ers will make the playoffs this season . They're a < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > layup away from being on a 5 game winning streak right now . 
is wondering if the 76ers will make the playoffs this season . They're a < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > layup away from being on a 6 game winning streak right now . 
heard that Shaq ended his engagement with Hoopz & wanted the ring back . Some chick on the radio was mad about that last part . Um , they're not engaged anymore . 
is just getting off work & waiting for tonight's game to start , Lakers @ 76ers . There are an ass of Laker fans here . They must be good people . 
is wondering who is going to win tonight . It's been close all night . Kobe has been off so far , only 9 pts at this point . 
just saw < PROPFIRST > Vick show up to the game . Dude just got a standing o . 
thinks the crowd should be like this more often . 
is heading home . The Lakers pulled away in the 4th . Great game for < PROPMALE > Odom . 
would like to present the difference between northern & southern drivers . Southern : slam on brakes when you see a cop . Northern : fuck a speeding ticket ! 
will begin his journey down to GA later today . About a 11-12 hour trip , that is . 
is on his way to < PROPFEMALE > ( should be there by midnight if he doesn't stop ) and just heard Coach Spry has been placed on administrative leave . What the fuck ?! 
is sleepy as hell . 
is back in Pepperidge . 
hopes everyone is having a < PROPFEMALE > Christmas/Happy Hanukkah/Happy Kwanzaa/Happy Festivus or whatever else anyone chooses to celebrate this holiday season . 
had somewhat of an eventful day , considering he literally almost died in SC & saw something strange enter the Earth's atmosphere near DC . 
has a question for the other smart people out there . Is there any reason why \Philippines\ " is spelled with \ " ph -\" but \ " Filipino\ " is spelled with \ " f \"?" 
has a really bad feeling about the debut of Season 4 of The Game in a few days ( and the season as a whole ) . It's on BET .... enough said . 
heard an announcer say how the Super Bowl win for NO was so uplifting for the city . Does that mean today is the complete opposite ? Maybe not , but very close . 
thought the Packers-Eagles game would be close , but he didn't realize just how terrible Philly's O-Line & defense really are . 
thinks they went for all the drama in 1 episode . The baby ain't Derwin's . < PROPMALE>'s fucking up ( and the owner's wife ) . 
is curious as to how much more drama they could possibly put in the rest of the season of The Game .... And girl < PROPFEMALE > needs to get rocked one good time .... 
thinks it sucks for Tennessee's mens team that they play the early game today vs . Vanderbilt while the Lady Vols get the late game vs . Vandy . But the men's program doesn't have any rings , so fuck them .... 
is expecting a win for the Steelers & the Packers today ( < PROPFIRST > . 23 ) . He will most likely be proven right in a few hours , unless something goes wrong ( such as a Jets or Bears win ) . 
got his predictions right , as expected . Super Bowl pick : Steelers win their 7th Super Bowl . 
hopes < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > has a decent game tonight . He just dunked on someone kinda bad . 
just got home & saw his mileage is at 32,666 . Now , he's heading to Chik-Fil-A for some lemonade . 
is wondering if the Cavs will set the NBA record for most consecutive losses . They're at 20 right now , only a few games away ! Their owner must feel like a big jackass for his Letter to LeBron now . 
I have a lot of damn nicknames . 
I'm loving these season tickets . Tonight's game was AWESOME !!!! 
So there's talk that the Lakers might trade < PROPFIRST > Bynum for < PROPMALE > .... What are they waiting for ? Pull the trigger !!!! 
In a perfect world , Cam < PROPMALE > would be in Auburn this weekend and getting ready for class on Monday .... Instead , he has courtside seats to NBA All-Star Saturday Night in Los < PROPFEMALE > . I wonder where the money came from ( sarcastically speaking ) .... 
< PROPFIRST > Wonder can't see .... but he can hear . So , someone needs to tell him to cut off those braids . Those shits look bad . 
It's damn near 4 a.m. and I'm trying to get to work by 8:30 .... I really wish I could get some fucking sleep . Naps during the week always end bad . 
Someone needs to round up some women for Tiger Woods & let him just go crazy . It may be the only way he'll ever win another tournament . 
The dude driving behind me looks like a mix between < PROPFIRST > Timberlake & Pau Gasol . 
I haven't watched a college basketball game all year , but I'm still going to say something . Duke sucks ass , go UNC !!!! 
The Miami Heat are a bunch of bitches . These are grown ass men ( should be ) . There's no crying in sports , especially after a regular season game ! 
So during the moment of silence for Japan , some dude decides to yell \the Celtics suck ! \ " . Then < PROPMALE > Hawes falls during introductions .... Crazy start tonight . " 
The 76ers just beat the Celtics & < PROPMALE > Hawes got player of the game .... Crazy start , crazy finish . 
So many March & April birthdays in the family .... < PROPMALE > - March 1 . Sophvina- March 19 . Maloba Etinge- March 27 . < PROPMALE > - April 1 . Bie Etinge- April 12 . < PROPMALE > - April 24 . Wowzers ! 
After close to 6 months of short days , I was not prepared for today . That really helps one appreciate the Spring a hell of a lot more .... HOLY SHIT , IT'S A VERY BEAUTIFUL DAY IN PHILADELPHIA !!!! 
In less than 3 seconds , Butler won the game , then gave it to Pitt , then Pitt gave it right back .... Wow .... 
That Henson dude on UNC is a complete idiot . But UNC won despite his stupidity at the end of the game . My bracket is still alive ( for now ) . 
The Atlanta Hawks are fucking pathetic .... 
Is Tennessee really about to lose to Notre Dame right now ? They are fucking up ! I wanted to see a UConn-Tenn matchup . 
I almost got into a head on collision just now . I haven't had a close call like that in a while . Well , at least I made it home . 
