feels so old . All of her friends are getting engaged or married . 

so you believe in virgin births , that someone survived his own death , walked on water and turned water into wine . You believe in an all-powerful space daddy . While I , on the other hand , am not delusional and believe in what science tells us . Yet you think that you should be able to make decisions for me regarding my body ? Really ? 
Obama has no grasp of human rights , doesn't have the balls to make an executive order , only a memorandum , and should get his head out of his ass and keep his promise to get rid of ' don't ask , don't tell . ' 
is hopeful .... probably naively so , but hopeful nonetheless . 
had a fucking blast at Pride Day ! And got a cute girls number ... 
is cooking . 
I have news for all of the conservative Christians out there . If you think that this country is getting too liberal and you threaten to move to Canada because of it , you should know-Canada is a thousand times more liberal than the U.S ! I would suggest S 
if I can't be trusted with a choice , how can I possibly be trusted with a child ? 
All day long I think of things but nothing seems to satisfy/Think I'll lose my mind if I don't find something to pacify . 
anyone else see a striking resemblance between < PROPMALE > Culver and Family Guy's Mayor West ? 
thinks that her hometown is an example of one of < PROPFEMALE>'s biggest problems !!! I'm done trying to tolerate everyone even though I disagree with them , I'm finally going to say what needs to be said . If you are a bigot , stay the fuck away from me ! Keep p 
hates Chariton ! 
hates Chariton , but is sooooper excited for Pride Fest tomorrow ! 
Loves < PROPFEMALE > DeLaria ! I saw her live last week and am now looking her up on youtube . Anyone who's anybody will do the same . 
OMG !!! I have seen two guest stars of Will and Grace in person in the last week ! 
is losing :-( That's ok , maybe it just means that me and < PROPFEMALE > are the only ones with any taste around here . 
' s heart is broken , not for her , but for the world . Every time I read or watch the news all I see is hate , intolerance , violence , and bigotry . 
is so lucking to have a hubby who is willing to trade me shoes when I am dumb and wear heels when I am going to have to walk all day . 
loves evening tennis games with her < PROPFEMALE > . 
loves late-night homemade bean dip with pita chips ! 
is NEVER driving through STL at 11pm on the 4th of July again !!! 
just might end up going to school with her hubby . 
is sooooooper excited !!! 
doesn't understand how she could have wasted 2 years at McK when UMSL exists . 
has never seen a future this bright . 
is going to college for ...... free ? 
I'm glad Massachusetts decided to step up , even though our president wouldn't . 
\The Church has extinguished the torch of progress in the blood of Christ . \ " - < PROPFIRST > Ingersoll " 
anyone up for a Dexterathon when the third season comes out on dvd ? 
is so lucky to have a fiance who makes such wonderful pancakes ! 
is about 2 seconds away from beating up on her hubby . He won't stay awake ! 
is not going to sleep for a very long time ! Note to self : Do not watch ' The Exorcist ' right before bed ever again !!! 
should delete her myspace out of principle . < PROPMALE > Murdoch should be in prison ! 
is excited about moving ! 
Wants nothing more than an Atheist president , an Atheist Supreme Court , and a Congress where 90% are Atheist . Why only 90% ? Angry , radical Christians who don't get what they want are funny , as long as they don't have a < PROPMALE > at gaining power . 
wants to know why it is that every time she watches ' Full Metal Jacket ' she wants to join the < PROPFEMALE > Corp . 
is so completely sick of this silly Twilight craze ! News Flash ! Vampires don't < PROPFEMALE > in the sun , they turn to ASH ! 
is so exhausted !!! The cops really didn't need to tow my car .... 
Borat sucked . There , I said it . 
is setting up an appointment with a < PROPFEMALE > recruiter . I just wish that I could decide what I want to do with my life . 
is confused as to why millions of people listen to the Pope . If any other celibate , elderly man told people to not use birth control , ( which is just irresponsible ) not masturbate , and not have sex outside of marriage , he would be laughed at . 
is registering for classes tomorrow . 
hopes that ' The Goode Family ' gets another season . 
is happy that her hubby is making her dinner ! It's his turn to cook for once . 
is registering for classes Monday !!! I can't wait to start my life anew !!! 
just stepped on the scale and is officially down to 160 !!! 
is craving Qdoba again ! 
My problem with \moderate\ " or \ " liberal\ " religion is that the same respect that the followers demand for their superstitions is the same respect that enables the fanatics . " 
Before you try to lie about someone else , just think about all of the truths I could tell about you . 
Is dreading an 8 hour drive tomorrow . 
is in Iowa . 
so because I am a full-time college student working hard to build a life for myself I don't deserve the same health care as someone who has graduated and has a job ? Why am I not worthy of basic care ? BTW-the people who oppose me having health care are the ones who claim to be pro-life . Fucking hypocrites . 
I cannot believe that I got into a car accident today ! 
is frustrated ! I need to get back to Illinois , but I have to get a hold of the insurance company first ! 
it's time for Tasty Tacos !!! 
found porn on Netflix that you can watch on your computer . You don't even have to wait for it . 
is back in her own apartment , all safe and cozy . 
is so freaking excited for classes to start tomorrow ! 
Is STARVING !!! 
just realized that her sexual orientation is not an option on facebook . 
thoroughly enjoyed herself at school today . 
hates that she has started hating her country . I can't wait to move to Europe . 
has a feeling that Constitutional Law is going to be a rough course . 
gets the keys to her new apartment on Friday !!! 
I want opinions .... should obese people be forced to pay for two seats on an airplane if they can't fit into one ? 
The Mormon Church should not get to do a ' targeted intervention ' in Iowa concerning gay marriage . If you still live in Iowa , be sure the candidate you support supports marriage equality ! 
loves her new apartment ! 
is thinking about < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE>'s penis . 
really , really , really needs to get back to work on her online course . 
is finally out of her old apartment completely . I freaking hate moving . 
adores her new puppy < PROPMALE > !!! 
had an awesome time last night at Nara !!! 
is so proud to be married to the flippy cup champion of the world . 
really should get around to studying for her test tomorrow . 
just helped her neighbor jump off of a balcony because she locked herself out of her apartment . 
is super pissed that her alarm didn't go off and she missed two classes . 
is having the worlds strongest chili craving . 
the Republicans revealed their new theory on homosexuality at the values summit ..... all pornography makes you gay , and if we tell pre-adolescent boys this than they will never look at porn and therefore our \homosexuality problem\ " is solved . Fucking morons . " 
is finally going to start her book . 
thinks that the threat of a lawsuit and/or small claims court does far more than actually taking something to court . 
had an awesome time at the blues bar with her hunnie for her anniversary celibration . I love you babes !!! 
if Faux News really is fair and balanced , then why are they so concerned about the fairness doctrine ? ( Which Obama does not support , btw . ) 
is still working on her judicial review paper . 
took her test , turned in her paper , and studied for her next media studies test . Now it's time to eat ! 
it's a shame that such a great weekend has to end . 
misses having < PROPFIRST > in the military . He looked good in the uniform . 
the difference between science and religion is that you cannot just change science when you decide that you don't like it . 
is officially running a fever . 
has a question . Why is it ok for people to tell me that they think that girls who get engaged/in a serious relationship so young are pathetic , male dependant and need to discover themselves ? But , if I say that I think that single girls are single because they are just unatractive and/or unlovable , it's wrong . Why the double standard ? ( I don't think that about single people , btw ) 
Obama needs to lose the hard-on for Chicago . 
hopes to god that Rush Limbaugh does NOT buy the Rams . 
I hope that other states follow North < PROPFEMALE>'s example . 
had a fucking BLAST at the UMSL drag show ! 
Our President just won the Nobel Prize , and to say that he didn't ' deserve ' it shows a total lack of understanding about what the award is and why it is given . For the record , I don't like Obama , but I don't like him because he doesn't do anything , not because I'm terrified of his \socialist\ " agenda . " 
has officially seen every < PROPMALE > movie ever made ! 
mmmmmmm ....... lasagna . 
has way too much to do . 
is totally exhausted . 
Seriously ? Your urge to watch porn should not be so strong that you do it in a room with hundreds of other people in it . Have some damn decency . 
needs a hug . 
do not send me violent , homophobic bumper stickers if you ever plan on seeing me again . 
Don't pray in my schools and I won't think in your church . 
Finally knows what she's going to be for halloween !!! 
is the Anitchrist ? 
Why do people actually want Mitt Romney as President in 2012 ? He believes that black people are cursed with the < PROPFIRST > of Cain ! He's racist and crazy ! 
is hatching a penguin in her kitchen . 
A conservative is a man with two perfectly good legs who , however , has never learned to walk forward . -FDR 
rocked her Constitutional Law midterm ! 
Now for some good news ... The Senate passed the < PROPMALE > Shepard act and now Obama just has to sign it , which he already pledged to do !!! 
finally thinks she knows what she wants to do after college .... PEACE CORPS !!! 
I always start missing my Grandma when the cold air sets in for the winter , it reminds me of her holiday cooking . 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > was a bad president and now he's dead . There , I said it , because lets face it , someone had to . 
wishes that Facebook would pick a alayout and stick with it ! 
wants curry . 
< PROPFIRST > McCain is pure mercenary evil . 
Yes , it is a fraternity , yes , I am a girl , any more silly questions ? 
Thinks it's just splendid when 25 year olds act like 5 year olds . 
is changing her position on the tax-exempt status of churches . After reading blogs written by < PROPFIRST > Beck worshiping religious nut jobs , I realize that if churches lost their tax-exempt status they would have no reason to stay out of politics . Churches are huge and < PROPMALE > and can get a lot of scary people elected . Without the tax-exempt status to hold over their heads , we become powerless . 
has a sick hunnie ... I hope he feels better tomorrow . 
got a hug from < PROPMALE > Cheney and won 25 dollars getting first place in a costume contest . 
NEEDS spicy food !!! 
no marriage for me until it is made available to all pairs of consenting adults in this country . 
had an awesome Thanksigiving Run-Through Day !!! 
Republicans are boycotting the Senate panel debate on a Climate Change < PROPMALE > . Could it be that they have finally realized that they have nothing to contribute to intelligent discussion ? 
Civil Rights should not be voted on . 
Is pretty sure that Jesus would not be a Republican , despite how they exploit his name . 
finally got her Judicial Review paper back after a month and she totally aced it !!! 
E Pi service weekend coming up !!! 
has a puppy who won't leave her side and a fiance who's on a Fazolli's run . Life is good . 
had a blast yesterday/last night/wee hours of this morning . 
Thinks that < PROPFEMALE > Bachmann should sit down , shut up , and let the grown-ups talk . 
If you could change one thing about the United States , what would it be ? 
if there is a God , his name is < PROPFIRST > Flemming . < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is his son , and < PROPFIRST > Dawkins is the Holy Ghost . 
wants to see a movie tonight .... any suggestions ? 
to anyone out there who still hasn't accepted the fact that Fox \News\ " lies ..... they used stock footage of a much more successful September rally and tried to pass it off as footage of a much less attended rally on November 5th !!!! " 
is having a super-strong cookie craving .... at 2 in the morning . 
being against abortion and for the death penalty just shows that you like to procrasitinate . 
cookie craving last night , tofu craving today . I know I'm not pregnant so what the hell is going on ? 
hopes that myspace goes completely under . 
The Catholic Church is pure , unadulterated evil . 
My worst fear in life is that there is no such thing as PMS and this is who I really am . 
Konami Code on Facebook !!!!! 
needs to quit smoking . It's a smelly , expensive , and unhealthy habit . 
has the most understanding Professor in the world ! 
Loans finally came through ! 
thinks that avid Twilight fans over the age of 16 need a hobby . The books were written for young teen girls , not you . 
has a 15 < PROPFEMALE > paper as a final . 
Attention anyone who will be in the StL area on Thanksgiving . < PROPMALE > and I are planning on volunteering at a homeless shelter , and anyone who would like to join us should contact me . 1 in 4 children go hungry , and this year an estimated 50 million Americans cannot afford to put food on the table . 
Anyone who has ever lived in a small town and hated it should check out my new note ! 
One step closer to a ( more ) fucntional health care system . 
I don't know why I play Farmville , it's boring and I don't like it . 
attacks everything in life with a mix of extraordinary genius and naive incompetence , and it is often difficult to tell which is which . 
Is it ever ethical to take advantage of a benefit that is discriminatly denied to others ? 
is beyond angry right now . I need to stop checking up on the news , 
the best people I know , the ones that are truly loving , kind , gentle , the ones who put others before themselves , the ones who make every effort to not cause harm , lack religion . 
the \right to life\ " movement has another epic fail . " 
loves her puppy !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
just bought a 499 < PROPFEMALE > long book to keep her occupied for awhile ;-) 
HAPPY THANKSGIVING EVERYONE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
never thought Thanksgiving could be that much fun . 
when did I become a \movie person \"?" 
loves going to a big girl college . 
is sick and tired of hearing people suggest Mitt Romney for President . 
nevermind my last status , I am now more concerned about < PROPMALE > Cheney running for President . 
Protestant , Catholic , Muslim , Jew , Mormon , Jahovah's Witness , Hindu , Buddhist , Druid , Pagan in any form , Scientologist , I don't care , I would die for your right to practice your religion freely , it's a basic human right and should be respected . All I ask is that I am allowed to be free of it . 
just found out that she is being robbed blind by her apartment complex . Definitely going someplace cheaper once the lease is up . 
is feeling soooooooooo lazy . 
would give anything to have another Alero . 
is a smart girl . 
how did someone as non-shallow as me end up with such a hot fiance ? 
got her tree up and decorated it , enjoyed some hot apple cider and then watched the < PROPFIRST > Brown Christmas specials on DVD . It was a good night . 
twitter sucks . 
had a home-cooked Thanksgiving meal last night . 
\I distrust those people who know so well what God wants them to do because I notice it always coincides with their own desires . \ " - < PROPFEMALE > B < PROPFIRST >." 
Let's see how much homework I can get done before noon tomorrow . 
can anyone ever take a hint ? 
46% of USDA approved \fruits and vegetables\ " consumed by kids annually are ketchup and french fries . Does this fact scare you ? " 
can't believe winter break is so close yet so far away .... 
just remember kids , friends don't let friends vote Republican . 
is very curious . Why do you hold the moral , political , and religious views that you do ? 
how does it feel to know that 30 Republican senators have made it clear that they are pro-rape ? 
from what I understand it is pretty snowy in Iowa . I just hope that it's still really bad when I get there . I want a week of snow and ice , and then I'll come back here and enjoy a boring StL winter . 
finally got a new computer ! 
what's the point of having a democrat for president if he isn't a liberal ? 
cannot wait to take her civil rights and liberties course next semester because Constitutional Law was a blast ! 
really doesn't care what Mr. Woods has done or is doing with his penis . 
just saw two good movies , went to one of her favorite restaurants , has a dog curled at my feet , and is about to play < PROPFIRST > Kart with the hubby . It was a good night . 
I want to be proud of my country , but I can't be when all I see is a nation with an unwarrented sense of entitlement and feeling of superiority just for being the United States . 
Congrats to < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > ! 
can't believe she got up at 4 am . 
only 3 more days until I'm done with the semester . 
thinks that ' The Simpsons ' needs to just go away . 
conservatives should not be allowed to speak to other countries , they just embarrass the U.S. 
is once again looking at moving to England . 
I was harassed by born-agains , so I killed them again . Don't worry , they'll be born again , and again , and again ...... 
Bye LB , I'll miss you !!!! Last final tomorrow at 10 , and then I just have a few more papers to finish up and the semester is OVER ! 
I wish I could be like < PROPFEMALE > and have a bestie like Hannibal . 
FINALLY got some sleep last night . It's good to be done with finals ! 
thinks that Hannibal was a love story , not a gruesome crime/horror movie . 
thinks that she could find it in her heart to back Ah-nold for president if he could run . He's pro-gay marriage , pro-choice , pro-health reform , he has a reasonable outlook on crime and punishment , he believes in global warming and protecting the environment , he's for real education reform and he does not support our needless wars and torture . Best of all , he hates < PROPFEMALE > Palin . 
is leaving for Iowa early tomorrow morning , weather permitting . 
just got herself a ' Hello < PROPFEMALE>' toaster for Xmas . It's pink and white and burns the logo into your toast ........... I don't know why I spent 13 bucks on it . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
is happy to be able to get some rest over Christmas because when I get back I'm looking at a 20 credit hour semester . 
is finally back from her Facebook hiatus . 
loves her new juicer !!! 
< PROPFIRST > and I are married in every way that truly matters , and we have been for years . We don't believe in government recognized marriage but we have chosen to call ourselves engaged because of our plans to move to England . We wear our rings as wedding rings and for all intents and purposes he is my husband , and I truly love him as such . 
is cooking Mexican food for dinner tonight . 
peace love and happiness !!! 
loves this waking up at 2pm bussiness . 
Black . 
was just reminded of why she never plans to marry :-) 
sledding at < PROPMALE > Park was a blast today ! 
A candle never goes out , it only goes up . 
< PROPFEMALE > Palin is now a contributor to Faux News ....... and they still claim to be fair and balanced ! 
the overturning of Roe v . < PROPMALE > would only create more of a class when it comes to not only health , but family structure . 
Adores the days where I am free to be happy for no apparent reason . 
it's times like this I wish I believed in a hell , because then I could be assured that both < PROPFIRST > Robertson and Rush Limbaugh would suffer for who they are and what they've done . 
Cleaning , Laundry , and getting ready for < PROPFIRST>'s parents to come for the weekend . 
is really thinking about dropping out of college last minute this semester to volunteer in Haiti for 6 months . ( I would definitely go back afterwards though . ) 
has been up for 29 hours and it is now time for sleep ! 
will somebody please give me one example of an intellectual conservative idea ? 
had a good weekend . 
imagine there's no heaven , my six-billionth , and at once the sky's the limit . -Salman Rushdie 
never thought she'd see the time when going to class was the highlight of her day . ( It's not that the rest of my life sucks , it's that my classes rock . ) 
has a killer toothache and the sweetest man in the world . He got up early this morning and blended me an awesome chocolate banana protein breakfast thing ! 
just realized that the textbook that was assigned by the professor for my International Law class was written by ...... my International Law professor !!! 
can't sleep and has a swollen face :-( 
kudos to Mrs. McCain . 
has finally learned the difference between a love of something and a passion for something . 
so if I start shooting anti-abortionists , can I claim that I was saving doctors ? 
just got my LSAT prep book . Looking through it is just stressing me out more ! 
loves to cook , she just wishes that she had more time for it . 
Is about to start another week ............ 
finally got around to making < PROPFEMALE > Masala tonight ! 
Off to take a Spanish test . 
Dear < PROPFIRST > Roeder , on behalf of all of us who truly value life I would like to tell you that you got what you deserve you piece of shit . Rot in prison for a few decades and then come out in a pine box you deranged , murdering fucker ! 
has my first cold/flu ( I don't know which it is yet ) of the year . And I have Spanish test part II tomorrow . Joy ! 
Is ' Six Feet Under ' any good ? 
is going to class tomorrow even if I have to cough and sneeze on everyone and every thing all day . I'm too busy to be home sick . 
only went to one class today because my coughing was too much of a distraction in it to go to the others . 
Just may be able to go into the military with my law degree after all . I could never be a part of something that didn't allow gays , and now it looks like DADT is on it's way out ! 
My weekend is 2 hours away from starting ! 
has a cuter puppy than you do . 
should never have to get up before noon on a Friday ! 
hates it when good books are turned into bad movies . 
is celebrating her man's birthday a day early , since we both have class all day tomorrow ! 
please remember that no matter who you are or what you believe in , there is never any reason to be cruel . There is enough suffering in the world already and it does not need to be added to . 
thinks that school vouchers are the worst possible thing that could happen to the educational system . 
why is it that foreign relations classes are the hardest non-math classes I've ever taken ? 
it's not that I dislike the new Facebook , it's just that I'm so bad with technology in general that it takes me forever to figure it out . 
can't wait for < PROPFIRST>'s Day ! 
\You know you've created God in your own image when it turns out God hates all the same people you do\ " - < PROPFEMALE > Lamott " 
is appearently the only person in the world who sees fresh fruit as acceptable gaming food . 
Happy Valentines Day to everyone that I love ! ( But especially my hunnie ) 
is freezing ! 
can't wait to get the pics I ordered tomorrow to put in the locket that < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > got me for Vday ! 
is slowly but surely getting caught up on the classes she missed while sick . Tonight-write two ten < PROPFEMALE > papers . Tomorrow-take two Spanish tests . Thursday-brief Zelman v . Simmons-Harris for my Civil Liberties class . 
is pretty sure that the Governor of < PROPFEMALE > can go fuck himself . 
Everyone in the world is getting married and/or having kids . I am happy for them all , but I feel so old . 
just rented Super < PROPFIRST > Bros Wii ! 
Congratulations to my beautiful cousin and friend < PROPFEMALE > and her fiance Leevi ! 
It still astonishes me how someone can be a Republican and claim to follow Jesus at the same time . 
just went to the MADD website . This lobbist group looks more like a cult than anything . All I see is \studies show\ " ( with no citations ) and a bunch of warm fuzzy parent-child bonding bullshit . " 
was stupid . I have a paper due tomorrow and I've had six weeks to do it . Guess when I'm starting ? After APO tonight . 
finds the Boy Scouts of < PROPFEMALE > to be one of the most disgusting and horrible groups in the country . 
taking a trip down memory < PROPFIRST > . I'm pretty sure that I need to snap out of it though since I am supposed to be working on a paper that is due at 12:30 this afternoon . 
My professor said he welcomed students to rip his book to shreds in our papers . For the sake of my grade , I hope he meant that . 
cannot wait for summer . I NEED fresh red tomatoes , not the plastic looking orange ones the stores sell now . Not to mention fresh berries and melon and asperagus , and corn on the cob , and everything else . I hate winter produce . 
wants to get a useful science or technology based degree after I finish Political Science , any suggestions ? 
Wishes that Charter had gone completely under . 
I do not like paying car insurance . 
ugh ...... I'm ready for spring break . 
I'm willing to give the conservatives the 2nd amendment if they'll give us the rest of them . 
has decided to put on her big-girl panties and acknowledge that she is not superwoman . I'm done with this 20 credit hour nonsense and am going to focus on excelling at what I do take , instead of having all of my grades ( as well as health and sanity ) suffer because I'm taking too much . 
Aced my International Law paper ! I was worried that my critique of my professors book would lower my grade , but he loved it . 
In Missouri it is illegal to drive with uncaged bears in the car . In Marshalltown Iowa it is illegal for horses to eat fire hydrants . 
heading out to celebrate < PROPFEMALE > Neisler's bday !!! Happy 21st dear ! 
They are rebooting Spiderman :-( No more < PROPFIRST > Maguire . 
I hope I can get back into the shape I was in last summer . It will be rough though , I haven't been too active these last few months . 
Managed to become a non-smoker and bike 5 < PROPMALE > all within an hour . 
It's been about 40 hours since my last cigarette and I haven't had any cravings at all . None . I'm wondering why people think this is so hard . 
Almost 3 days down and only one nic fit . It was my own fault though , I went out with friends and had a couple drinks . Thankfully they're good friends and didn't let me smoke . Tomorrow I'll start on my 4th day . 
drove by the Farmer's Market ( or at least where it is when it's open ) yesterday and almost cried . Hurry up summer !!! 
Singapore is beautiful . Too bad everything is illegal there , including chewing gum . 
Is having my first real moral dilemma in years . I am usually so sure of what I want and what I see as right and wrong . Gah !!!!!!!!!! 
Is renting movies today since I finally have the down time . Any suggestions ? So far we're planning on ' The People v . < PROPFIRST > Flynt ' , ' Precious ' , ' Zombieland ' , and the Disney version of ' < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland ' . 
has a suuuuuuuuper cute puppy . 
Happy Pi Day !!!! 
hopes that the ' Coffee Party ' takes off and has the same influence ( or better ) than the ' Tea Party ' does before November . 
is impressed with Disney . It's pretty progressive to endorse polyamorous lesbian parenting now , just think of what that was like in the 40's . Sleeping Beauty was a pretty good movie . 
My puppy has decided to start attending puppy school in hopes of making something of himself . ( And so that I don't kill him . ) 
HuHot opened in St. < PROPFIRST > !!!! Now I don't have to cram as many visits in as possible every time I go to Iowa !!! 
hopes that everyone had a great St. < PROPFIRST>'s Day !!! 
just resigned her lease . I'm here until at least May 2011 ! 
is baking a triple-layer Neopolitian cake . 
is actually going to get around to steam cleainging her carpet today . 
If the Supreme Court upholds the right of the Wesboro Baptist Church to protest at soldiers funerals than I will be protesting the funerals of not only < PROPFIRST > Phelps but < PROPFIRST > Robertson and the rest of the hate-mongering assholes with signs that depict things that most people are too afraid to even think about . 
thinks that high schools should all have a very intensive course on the Constitution to prepare kids for when they become voters . 
hopes that this healthcare < PROPMALE > gets passed . 
first day of puppy school was fun and informative . < PROPMALE > is smarter than we all thought . 
watching the healtcare debate live on CNN . I'm pretty sure our Representatives from both sides of the aisle should be thankful for the ' Speech and Debate ' clause . 
IT PASSED !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
last week of classes before Spring Break . Can I make it ? 
my puppy's first time home alone without being in his crate or wearing a muzzle ...... and nothing was harmed . 
promises that this is the last time that I'm changing my life plans . I'm finishing my degree in Political Science , taking one Psych course to fill it in as a minor , and then getting at least another minor , if not another degree in Criminal Justice . 
off to take my last test before Spring Break . OMG I need a break from school . 
really really really really really needs to research expropriation of alien property . 
Oprah ruined the dinner that I was serving to friends ! 
chocolate soy milk+Kahlua = the WIN ! 
Really needs to do homework , but really wants to be lazy . 
wants to run away to California and lounge on the beach until the semester is over . 
is demanding a higher level of civility out of many of her Facebook friends when it comes to posting comments on her < PROPFEMALE > . Yes , we are all angry about so many things right now , but everyone needs to start showing a bit more respect . 
loves hearing < PROPMALE > talk nerdy on the phone to prospective employers . 
my parents are coming down today and bringing one of my amazing nieces with them !!! 
I love my new profile pic and the girls that are in it with me . Sadly though , my thumbnail only shows Mal and < PROPMALE > , and that's kinda weird . 
had an amazing ( but tiring ) weekend . 
could maybe possibly make a career out of international law . 
what you call a problem I call a disaster . 
is thrilled that Prop A passed . Yay for Metro ! 
Aced the presentation that she has been working on for 2 months ! 
loves < PROPFIRST > Steele . He helps the Dems out so much . We really should send him a fruit basket . 
so yesterday I aced a presentation worth about half of my grade in International Law , and today I got my Civil Liberties test ( worth 30% of my grade ) back and guess what ...... I aced it too ! 
I've always believed that if everyone hates you , maybe the problem isn't everyone else , it's you . The same can be said for the United States on the international stage . 
rented a boat at < PROPMALE > Park with < PROPFIRST > today , and we even took the puppy . He only fell out twice . 
is getting ready to start yet another week full of homework and studying . 
The Vatican has finally forgiven the Beatles !!! I guess we can all sleep a little better now . 
Losers are always whining about ' their best;' winners go home and f*ck the prom < PROPFEMALE > . 
hates it when I find out that movies that I really want to see < PROPFEMALE > actors that I really don't . 
is dangerously dehydrated , and no amount of water or Gatorade is helping . I hope this gets better soon or I will be in the hosptial with an IV in my arm to administer a freezing cold saline solution directly into my system . 
ugh ...... feeling a bit better , but I am soooooo tired and still have some stomach issues . 
A wedding ring won't make you happy any more than a white dress will make you a virgin . 
feels super yucky again . 
checking up on exes always makes me laugh . 
If you want to be the center of attention for 20 minutes before being locked down for life-robbing a liquor store is a cheaper option than a wedding . 
has an inferiority complex when it comes to Europe . 
where do you want to be in 20 years ? 
“Why does a woman work ten years to change a man's habits and then complain that he's not the man she married ? ” - < PROPFEMALE > Streisand 
what a boring day . 
is realizing that it is never about me . 
is so thankful that I don't have my parents or grandparents on my friends list . 
In Oklahoma it is now perfectly legal for a doctor to lie to a woman about the health of her fetus if he feels that there is any possiblity that she would abort it if she knew that it was mentally or physically disabled . 
all of my best ideas come to me at 4 am when I can't act on them and really need the sleep . 
Insomnia is hell . 
My hunny took me out to see Avenue Q at the Fox and then out for Italian food . 
I hate white people more and more every day . 
thinks that parents need to dicipline their children , because I'm not paying money to go out to a nice restaraunt to see a kid running all over and screaming . 
had a wonderul Cinco de Mayo and only has her dear friends and hunny to thank for that , so thank you guys ! 
My car is broked :-( Now I'm waiting for the call to tell me how much this is going to cost . 
car is fixed . Nicest mechanic in the world put a rush order on the parts so that I could make it to the midnight showing of Iron Man II tonight . It also turned out much cheaper than expected . 
In 1984 the average fuel economy for new cars was 20 mpg . In 2004 it shot all the way up to 20.7 mpg . With all of our technological advances combined with all of the reasons that we shouldn't be getting involved with Middle Eastern oil , I see a problem here . 
really really really liked Iron Man II , despite hating the first one . Though , I may just have to give it a second < PROPMALE > . 
Happy 50th Birthday to the Pill ! Strong , smart , assertive women everywhere should be proud ! 
does not like SNL and does not watch SNL . However , I look forward to it tonight because < PROPFEMALE > White is hosting !!! 
< PROPMALE > is now a puppy school graduate ! 
is waiting for her hunny to get home , I don't know what we'll do tonight , but it has to be more interesting than scrubbing the kitchen . 
Day 1 of shopping for the \perfect\ " outfit didn't go so well . I'll try again tomorrow . " 
thinks that banning specific dog breeds is a disgusting practice . 
filling out my resume always reminds me of all of the rewarding things I have done in various jobs that I have held . 
So while I was lying in bed trying to get to sleep , my apartment was busy flooding . There is standing water covering my livingroom , dining room , and kitchen . It is now creeping under my bedroom door . Will Mansion Hills do anything about this ? Not until 8am . 
learned something very very interesting today . The Catholic Church's position on abortion is NOT Cannon Law . Therefore , one can concievably be pro-choice and still be Catholic . In fact , many Catholic theologians are pro-choice . That pretty much discredits Priests denying politicians communion as blackmail to get them to change their stances on abortion . 
Sleep is for people who fail finals . 
so < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > and I had 93 bucks left on\ 
our meal plan that we had to use by tomorrow or lose . We now have 5\ 
grocery bags full of chips and beverages . 
is laughing at you like you wouldn't believe . 
First day of summer was the least productive day that I've had in months , and it felt FANTASTIC ! 
all I want is a warm , < PROPFEMALE > day so that I can fire up the grill , sip on beer , and take my puppy out for a game of fetch . 
Dear\ 
UMSL , If I had the ability to become ' conversationally fluent ' in\ 
another language , I would have done so years ago . Witholding my degree\ 
until such time that I demonstrate that I am ' conversationally fluent'\ 
is , in my opinion , ridiculous . With love , Me . 
wants to learn a new skill , but I'm not sure what I want to take up . 
this insomnia has to end . 
\A census taker once tried to test me . I ate his liver with some fava beans and a nice chianti . \"" 
is learning too much about herself too quickly . Perhaps I'm not as open-minded as I thought I was . 
The GOP makes me hate white people . 
I have officially been alive for 21 years . Thank you to all of my friends and family who make each day worth living . You have all shown me more love than anyone could ever imagine and I am so grateful every day to have you in my life . P.S. Happy < PROPMALE > Milk Day !!! 
NEEDS a salad . 
needs a sassy gay friend right now . Any volunteers ? 
finally had that mojito that I've been craving and listened to In-A-Gadda-Da-Vida for the first time in a year . Tonight was a good one . 
21 years old and my mommy is still the first person I go to when life gets hard . I am so lucky . 
would be willing to make a trip to Iowa for an old-fashioned camping trip that is years overdue this summer if < PROPFEMALE > Richardson . < PROPFIRST > Jessen , and < PROPFIRST > Ratcliff found a few days that worked for all of them . Now that we are all of age it won't be a big deal if one of us throws up in the bathroom and < PROPFEMALE > has to pull up our pants and take us back to the tent ;-) 
is going to try to quit smoking ...... again ....... 
Dear < PROPFIRST > Zappa , I'm sorry that it has been so long , I've been busy these last few years and I got distracted . I promise though , I will never abandon your soothing and uplifting voice again . Love , Me . 
wants a motorcycle . 
I'm embarassed to say that it has taken me this long to start reading ' The God Delusion ' . As an already articulate Atheist , I didn't think that I would get much out of it . I was wrong . It offers amazing perspective and insight , and < PROPFIRST > Dawkiins has one big , sexy brain . 
I have my phone up and working . My number is once again ( 618)540-6683 . 
RIP Rue McClanahan . 
can't believe that I am so sick in June !!! On the upside , I had a fantastic time with < PROPFIRST > Ratcliff yesterday , even though I almost died in the mall . 
it's so sad to see < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > get old . He used to be so sexy . 
the last week has been fantastic , and I only see it getting better . 
does not understand how one can claim to love music in one sentence and in the next profess an addiction to Glee . 
never realized how dirty the song ' Greased Lightning ' was before . 
Went to the grocery store and picked up the stuff to make spaghetti , which I fully intend to have for breakfast . 
Am I the only person who really doesn't care about the World Cup ? 
If\ 
it wasn't for all of these medical problems that we've been hearing \ 
about for the last 10 years , no one would have been able to guess that \ 
< PROPMALE > even had a heart . 
Happy 4th of July everyone !!! 
and Hawaii is the newest addition to my shit list . 
Gaming sessions should not give me nightmares . 
So Youth in Revolt was an adorable and funny movie , much to my surprise . Shutter Island , also very good , but not what I thought it was going to be . Watch them both . 
can't believe that she lives with someone who hates < PROPFIRST > Clapton . 
Westboro Baptist Church is coming to St. < PROPFIRST > tomorrow , time to counter-protest ! 
spent the day trying to track down the WBC , but as it turns out , they only made it to the Lady Gaga concert . Appearently there was an emergency in Nebraska that only a religious cult could fix . 
doesn't like Missouri right now . 
My sweet and adorable little puppy is afraid of thunder , and it's so cute how he keeps trying to protect me from it . 
Who watches the Watchmen ? 
so the brakes went out in my car and I have to take it in tomorrow to get it fixed . To make this just a bit more complicated , my car is in Soulard . 
right now I only have one goal in life and that is getting a mojito . 
wants a minion . 
is moving into a two bedroom within the next 2 or so weeks . Also , I'm pretty sure that I have a second dog . 
is so grateful that her mother taught her to respect all people , regardless of race , religion , handicap , gender , sexual orientation , past mistakes , or appearance . It seems that too many people were not taught these lessons . 
deposit down on new apartment , new puppy's blood work all came back normal , registering for classes Monday , and then spending my last week before classes start packing !!! 
loves looking through her friends pages to see how much has changed in the last few years . 
kicked a kid in Reno just to watch him cry . 
It's 3 in the morning , classes start tomorrow , and I am still putting off registering . 
finally finished registration . 18 credit hours , two online courses , one foreign language , and a few upper level courses in my < PROPMALE > . Busy busy semester ahead . 
is really good at life decisions . I should be allowed to make more . 
\You know the good part about all those executions in Texas ? Fewer Texans . \ " - < PROPFIRST > Carlin " 
\The trouble with some women is that they get all excited about nothing -- and then marry him . \ " - < PROPFEMALE > " 
After 7 years with Spanish , it's time to call it quits . On to < PROPMALE > . 
it's a shame that at 21 years of age in my 3rd year of college I am getting my first formal education in the area of women's sufferage . 
men should suffer . 
Week 2 of classes and I'm already in over my head . 
Loves weekends . 
is learning how to make pork ribs . I'll never eat them , but just knowing how to do it will boost my level of attractiveness to the opposite sex . 
No , I really don't think it's cute when your toddler darts in front of my car in a crowded parking lot . I don't care how much energy your kids have , keep them with you when there's traffic !!! 
Just flipped off a 4 year old and doesn't feel bad about it . 
loves ' The Guild ' . Anyone who ever has been or currently is addicted to an MMO should check it out . 
I am consistently amazed by the level of ingenuity that < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > and I show every day . 
really , really wants my new bed to get here . I hate this sleeping on the floor thing . 
YES !!! O'Donnell won in Delaware ! She's anti-masturbation , just got her degree , her finances are in ruins , and the RNC refuses to support her in any way , including financially . What an amazing thing for liberals ! Gotta love that Tea Party . 
The level of stupidity shown in this world continues to astound me . If you have negative things to say about me that you don't want me to hear about , don't text them to my family . C'mon , you should be smarter than that ! 
Never thought the day would come when I would consider not getting arrested an accomplishment . 
wants to be a lolcat when she grows up . 
I was just asked if the date of birth on my driver's license was current . 
When the president of Iran is calling out American hypocrisy , you know we have gone wrong somewhere . 
Maybe I'm just too old fashioned , but I always thought that personal and private matters were , oh , I don't know ...... personal and private ? 
\That there are subjects which humor must never touch would be news to < PROPFIRST > Twain and < PROPMALE > Swift and the great Mort Sahl . \ " - < PROPMALE > Cavett " 
The salad I'm making tonight calls Campari , among other things . Here's to being adventurous ! 
Mmmmmmmm ...... sweet potato and black bean chili ...... 
I reject the existence of any God , and that includes yours . I refuse to be bound by your religious doctrine , and view religion as a vehicle for oppression and injustice . Happy Blasphemy Day to all !!!!! 
Heading out to < PROPFEMALE > in Chains/Mastodon/Deftones concert for the boyfriend's birthday . 
Just booked my hotel room for < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE>'s rally at the end of the month !!! So super excited ! 
I have so much to do but I'm too sick to do it . 
You know you're in trouble when you're a GOP candidate who has to start her ad with \I am not a witch . \"" 
Don't Ask Don't Tell has officially been declared unconstitutional and the military is to stop enforcing it immediately . Today is a good day . 
needs a new hairstyle . 
Enjoying a homemade early morning breakfast while watching ' I Love < PROPFEMALE>' . I feel 13 again . 
absolutely hates clothes shopping . I guess I'm not really a girl after all ... 
According to my phone it is 64 degrees here in St. < PROPFIRST > , and only 44 in Chariton . Just one more reason I'm thankful to be out of Iowa . 
My second loaf of banana bread is baking . Looks like I've done my domestic duty for the month . 
Is on her way to DC for the < PROPFIRST > Stewart/Stephen Colbert rally ! 
In DC for the rally ! 
I finally set my phone up as a router . Today is the first day of my new life as a \techie \"." 
And\ 
a big fuck you to Iowa voters who did not vote to retain the justices . \ 
Not only does this affect checks and balances , but you fired people for \ 
doing their jobs . If you don't like the results , change the law , but \ 
don't politicize the judicial branch . 
My roommate/best friend kicks infinitely more ass than yours . 
I hate small towns , they're slow with nothing to do . It's like rehab , with cows . 
The ceiling in my bathroom just collapsed in and dumped tons of water all over my floor . Mansion Hills says that they will try to get around to fixing this soon . WTF ? 
Season 5 of < PROPMALE > ends December 12 , so I will be able to start watching it in less than 3 weeks !!! ( I don't watch it as it airs , waiting each week for the next episode would kill me . ) 
Happy Thanksgiving to everyone ! 
I watched ' A Serbian Film ' last night . I don't know if I should recommend it or not . I don't know if it was sheer brilliance or utter shit . The verdict is still out on that and it will take me quite awhile to fully process what I saw . 
Someone please tell me what is with the number statuses . 
I stole this from Cierrah , but it's so worth it : \**NEW FACEBOOK GAME ** Inbox me your Bank Account \ 
< PROPFIRST > C . Hall and < PROPFEMALE > Carpenter have announced their divorce !!! This is great for me , because although he doesn't know it , he's mine now !!! ;-) 
Why must every aspiring \musician\ " in the St. < PROPFIRST > area live near me ? Playing keyboard presets while hitting a tamborine at all hours of the day and night does not make you talented . " 
DADT repeal passed the Senate !!! Best political day in a loooooong time . 
Heading off to Iowa tomorrow . I can't believe it's been a whole year . 
Loves seeing people show kindness to animals . Just because they can't talk doesn't mean they can't suffer . 
In Iowa . I'm in Chariton for a day or two then its off to Des Moines . 
Just ordered my boyfriend's Christmas present , selected the one-day shipping option , and then had it sent to my old address . Tomorrow will be loads of fun .... 
To all of my Iowa friends , I am so sorry that you have to have Branstad as your governor . What is currently one of the best states politically will soon be one of the worst . You have my condolences . 
Watching the first season of < PROPMALE > again for the first time in several years is so weird . 
My delayed New Years Resolution : Take an intro course in Computer Science at a community college . 
I'm 21 years old and I still love Lip Smackers . It smells good , makes my lips shiny , and is super cheap . 
WTF Chiefs !? 
Semester starts in 5 hours , and I still don't know what I want to do with my life . I'm almost done with a Poli Sci degree but I have a < PROPFEMALE > to work with technology . Will someone please take over running my life ? I seem to suck at it . 
Registration finalized . 18 credit hours . This should be an interesting semester . 
The Bears should just get rid of Cutler , sell him to Gypsies for all I care . 
If I am to spend the next semester essentially living in the SSB , they are going to need to get better coffee . 
Ok , I have a random question for my Iowa friends . When I was a little kid I went to a restaurant in Des Moines that was ( I think ) on one of the top floors of a tall building . They were famous for pouring your milkshake into a glass that was sitting on your head . I had forgotten about this place until I had a dream about it last night . Can anyone tell me what the name of that restaurant was ? 
My puppy is sick for the second time this month . I hope the little guy feels better soon or he's going to have to go to the vet . 
Fucking stranded . 
So I have a boyfriend who made me a wonderful dinner last night , a best friend who saved me from being stranded on < PROPMALE > Park Parkway in the rain this morning , and a puppy who cuddled up and took a nap with me this afternoon . It feels so great to be loved . 
Had a fantastic night celebrating the birthday of her dear friend and totally kick-ass roommate < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > . 
Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day to everyone that I love ! I hope it's special for all of you . 
How do you get through a day like today ? Coffee , cigarettes , and lots of < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > . 
I'm probably the only person in the world who is not excited about the recent uprisings in the Middle East , nor do I have any hopes for a sustainable , long term happy outcome . Why ? Because when I was 14 one of the best teachers I have ever had made me read ' Animal Farm ' . 
I want to see our gorgeous and toned First Lady arm wrestle Rush Limbaugh . 
Guilty pleasure #1843 : ' Sister Wives ' . I finally watched the honeymoon special and that means that I have officially seen every episode . 
So a week ago I was told that my sore throat , headache , fatigue , and stuffiness was caused by \allergies\ " . Now I'm told that it looks like Mono but there isn't a point in being tested for it since it's viral and can't be helped with antibiotics . Well perhaps I would like to know what I should tell my professors when they ask why I'm home in bed instead of in class . " 
My theory is that conservatives want to cut Pell grants and federal loans because they know that the more educated people there are , the fewer conservatives there will be . 
Mardi Gras ! 
Since when does Aldi fill its shelves with yuppie food ? I like it . 
I think that people in the United States who complain about the current gas prices should channel that time and energy into researching the sociopolitical issues surrounding the current hike , as well as the gas prices in every other developed nation . 
I hope that everyone in Wisconsin who voted Republican suffers greatly for what happened last night . 
RIP < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > , you will be forever missed and cherished . 
My dog is easily one of the best people I know . 
At 10:30 this morning I had officially made it 3 days without a cigarette . My next goal is a week . 
I can always tell when I'm stressed because I start having nightmares about being trapped in the < PROPFEMALE > redneck village that I grew up in . 
< PROPFIRST > Huckabee should have been aborted . 
Exactly two weeks without a cigarette ! 
Is glad that the Republicans did not ultimately shut down the government because they don't approve of where I receive my birth control and get medical screenings . 
I just finished the first season of ' Big Love ' . Amazing ! 
The house Republicans voted to end Medicare . Isn't that what they accused Obama's healthcare plan of doing ? Oh the hypocrisy . 
Food Network style cooking challenge with < PROPFIRST > Devitt = One hell of an interesting dinner . 
The closer it gets the more I'm convinced that law school just isn't for me . I just don't see myself cooped up in an office for 50-60 hours a week . 
Now that everyone has seen it on her < PROPFEMALE > I can finally post it on mine : Congrats to my best friend < PROPFEMALE > Richardson and the luckiest man in the world < PROPFIRST > Law ! 
Happy Zombie Jesus Day !!! 
I have made it six weeks without smoking , and food tastes AMAZING . Now I know how people gain weight when they quit . It's like I've never tasted chocolate before ! 
I find it disturbing how so many people can find joy in another's death . 
is getting ready to head to Iowa on Thursday with the boyfriend so that after almost a year together he can finally meet my family . 
Who just signed a lease for an awesome new apartment ? ME ! 
Big guys love more . 
My boyfriend just sang me the Ukrainian birthday song . My perfect day is complete . 
Ok , I have a question for the ladies on my Facebook . How would you feel about your boyfriend/fiance/husband buying you nice jewelry secondhand ? 
Apparently people still watch American Idol . You learn something new every day I guess . 
Don't tell my boyfriend I'm posting this , because he hates sappy Facebook statuses , but as of today we've been together for a year , and he's made it the best year I've ever had . 
Exactly 3 months since my last cigarette ! 
Sign of stress #194 : Having nightmares about my psychotic high school band teacher . 
I watched ' < PROPFIRST > of the Dead ' for the first time last night , and I was shocked that it was so good ! 
will definitely be supporting < PROPFEMALE > Bachmann in the primaries . 
At some point in the last 5 years I went from being a teenager to thinking that they are the worst creatures on the planet . 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > was found not guilty of murder . 
I'm disappointed that so many people are upset about the < PROPFIRST > verdict . With such a lack of evidence , including a cause of death , how could the jury not have reasonable doubt ? Yes , the woman is a liar , that much we know , but we don't execute for that . 
Just had to fix my privacy settings . Now everyone should be able to post on my wall , statuses , and send me messages . Sorry guys , I didn't even realize they were so fucked up . Damn you Android ! 
I'm on Google+ so if anyone wants an invite let me know . 
American History X was a pretty damn good movie ! 
I don't like Lady Gaga . There-I said it ! 
The curse of 27 refers to the tendency of great musicians to due at 27 , therefore < PROPFEMALE > Winehouse doesn't qualify . 
Busy busy busy trying to get ready to head up to Chicago tomorrow . 
Why am I not surprised that my boyfriend picked a hotel right next to his favorite pizza place ? 
Chicago is not a good place to try and lose weight . These people love 2 things : really good food and huge portions of it . 
I will never understand people who say that they just \don't read\ " . A life without books just doesn't seem worth it . " 
I'm strongly considering making my middle name ( < PROPFEMALE > ) my permanent and legal first name . I've gone by it for 2 years now and I still like it 1000x more than < PROPFIRST > . 
I still get first day of school jitters ! 
I'm actually looking forward to football season this year , what the hell has happened to me ? 
Sent my resume out to about a thousand companies . Now all I can do is wait ... 
Class followed by a job interview this morning , Beach Boys stuck in my head now ... yeah , today was a good day . 
Everyone has at least one artist whose music they really connect with . Who is yours ? 
Homemade hot wings AND ribs followed by a white chocolate cake from scratch ? Yeah , I'd say < PROPFIRST > Devitt is the luckiest guy alive today . ( And happy birthday to him . ) 
Warning : If you wander in to my apartment while I'm asleep and my dog has no idea who you are , he will eat your face off . 
Go Bears !!!!! Give us another good season ! As for the Chiefs ......... 
Why yes , it has been exactly 6 months since my last cigarette . 
This month the cover of People magazine is asking if child beauty pageants go to far . Really ? That has to be asked ? 
Fuck < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Loves her APO brothers . 
So after a stressful week of midterms and job interviews my boyfriend is taking me on a mini road trip out to central Missouri to do a wine tasting at a vineyard . I am the luckiest girl alive ! 
Today is National Coming Out Day , so if any of my friends have something that they would like to tell me ..... 
Children should be neither seen nor heard . 
My first day off since starting my new job , and I wish I was at work . That has to be a good sign . 
Intelligence is knowing that a tomato is a fruit ; wisdom is knowing not to put it in a fruit salad . 
As much as I don't care about baseball ( yes , that includes the Cardinals ) , I have to admit that it would be cool to be able to say that I lived in St. < PROPFIRST > the year that the Cardinals made that amazing comeback and won the World Series . 
Is very sad . Apparently there's snow in Iowa and here its 50 degrees out . If there's one thing I miss about Iowa it's the snow . St. < PROPFIRST > just doesn't get enough . 
I really do love my job , even though my number one duty is taking INSANE amounts of verbal abuse . 
