is on a five hour trip to make a $XX , XXX deal ! 

is back at it after working until 3 am this morning ... 
is thinking about going home without finishing his work ( twelve hours at it is enough ) ... 
is having fun at the new fair grounds ! When your in the Exhibition Center or the Horticulture building , and are nice and cozy , you can thank me ! 
has been working all day Sunday afternoon , evening and night . I'm going to bed . Goodnight , Yo's . 
has BIBLE STUDIES for sale !!! Get them while I'm hot !!! Best part is their freeeeeee !!!!!!!! 
just finished watching Children of Men . One of the best movies , I believe , of all time , not necessarily because of the main story , but because of how near the world in that movie is to reality . Much scarier than any horror movie ... 
EAT BABIES !!! RAWR !!!!!! 
* Yawn * 
is \working\ " from home on his back porch watching the wood peckers and squirrels fight for tree territory ... " 
is kind of irritated with Facebook for Blackberry ; it's getting pretty flakey with my comments ! 
Who controls the past controls the future ; who controls the present controls the past . 
RAAAHH !!!! Stupid weather wants to rain when I plan to murder deer !!! That's alright , a real man hunts in the rain ! 
is looking for a free , non-ssl , smtp email server !!! As big as the Interwebs be , I can't find one to save my life ( or my job) !! 
This is ... * sniff * ... what , uh ... * snort * ... cocain must be like ... * sigh * ... \Lost\ " season DVDs . I can't wait until my next fix ! " 
If I was an oyster , I could totally make the biggest perl ever ; I am so irritated , 
is enjoying his second day off . 
Wine and lasgna ! 
Has been home AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAALL day . Can we say cAbIn FeVeR ?! 
Huh ? The weekend only offically just began ? What am I going to do with myself ? 
Karaoke is not fun , it's punishment . :/ 
Believe it or not , after not being at work for so long , I'm actually looking foward to doing something productive today ... 
I can't complain , but sometimes I still do ! 
Wake up , work , eat , poop , sleep , repeat ... 
3 ) If I move back to Wapato , Washington , I'm going to be put back in my forth grade class , even at the age of 25 , which apparently is still taught my Mr. Monterossian . He didn't like me when I was 11 , and he still won't like me at 25 ... How in the world is he still alive ?! 
2 ) Watch where you get your ammo from . Whoever it was ( I don't recall a recognizable face ) that gave me the box of shells for my twelve gauge shotgun for some reason included 18 gauge shells in the case . I already have a slow as molasses weapon , but then to load 18 gauge and have it not fire and then have to reload with the appropriate ammo is unacceptable against unending swarms of brain hungry zombies !!! 
1 ) Double barrel shotguns are fairly ineffective against unending waves of the undead ; they are just so freakin ' slow to reload , and I had zombies chomping at my throat before I could get out another shot ! 
So I learned three things from my dreams last night : 
It's snowing !!! 
is starting his four day weekend riiiiiiiiiight NOW !!! 
So I've had a NES for about 20 years , and it works now just as it did 20 years ago . I've had an Xbox 360 for a year , and it RED RING OF DEATHED !!! What a new technology FAIL !!! 
Luck be a B right now ! >:| 
I think the next thing to look foward to with advancing age is senior citizen discounts ... 
I'm ready for spring . This cold weather and dark evenings has kept me rusting in the house . I can't wait for canoeing , fishing , camping , outdoor sports .... 
is getting a serious case of the \Blahs\ " . Have you seen that GameStop commercial where that little video game rabbit is unenthusiastically collecting coins ? \ " ... there's one ... there's another one ... \ " I totally feel like that . " 
I have quite the sudden urge to go mountain biking ... 
I'm looking forward to the weekend like I look forward to dinner : I'm not really sure what we're having , but I hope it's good , ' cause I'm hungry ! 
is drinking coffee in Hawaii . 
just snorkeled and saw a sea turtle . 
Where do pineapples come from ? 
is lost ... 
Fresh sushi , cold beer , hot sun , beautiful waves . No complaints here . 
totally just saw a wild whale while sitting on the beach ! ( not a fat joke ) 
has leaving vacation depression ... 
wants to thank < PROPFEMALE > and Durran ( AKA Icey Fart ) for such a great vacation !!! We love yo's soooo much !!! Come HOME soon ! 
just saw some of the best sci-fi of his life ... 
I don't have to like you ; I think your an idiot ! Why would you want me to like you ? 
has become addicted to q-tips ; I just gotta stick one in my ears after each shower ! I tried to control the urge this last time , but I failed in my weakness ! 
has been robbed ! If you find my stolen energy , please call crime solvers at 780 1000 ! 
has decided , that though it may make him a punk , it is akward to bump into people you know at the store . If you see me shopping , and I ignore you , don't take it personally . 
IT'S MORPHIN TIME !!! \ 
\ 
! NERD ! \ 
IPHONE 4 PREORDER + E3 REVEALS = ME GITTY AS A SCHOOL GIRL !!! 
is as sick as a dog , and it couldn't come at a more worse time ! 
YOUR NOT A PHONE !! iPHONE ( 4) !!!! 
My living room smells of dead cows ! \ 
If they start messing with new furniture , my living room is going to reak of dead cats ! 
Apps are my rocks , and iPhone is my crack pipe ... \ 
I think I should go to rehab ; This crap is gonna make me go broke ... 
Thinks yuns overhyped Inception . It gets a B . 
Watch Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind ; think it's better than inception with a B+ . \ 
( Bring on the hate ! ) 
Is having a Kings Dominion date with the Missis . 
It needs to rain so that the burn ban will be lifted , and I can enjoy my autumn by my awesome fire pit !!! 
A picture must reflect your inner duck . 
Fourteen hour workday is over !!! \ 
Now to start on that part for tomorrows meeting ... 
Just waiting for something to do ... \ 
But as many of you well know , when it rains , it pours ! 
Joygasm !!! 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WJq4jWSQNd8&feature=youtube_gdata_player 
The problem with learning lessons the heard way is that you had to go the hard way before learning the lesson . 
And the stupidity continues to flow ... \ 
... from me . * sigh * 
Watch me explode !!! 
A great thing about job site portta-potties is that you don't have to bring any reading material in with you ! 
I know everyone loves Saturdays , but today is one of the most needed Saturdays of all times ! 
The involuntary twitch in my left eye is going away ! Yay ! 
I'm back on the grid !! 
