... just started a new blog at mrsjaymay23.blogspot.com ... check it out if you want :) 

really looking forward to going to l.a. in a week ! gonna go visit some people and go to disneyland with the hubby ! :) 
gettin prepared for the facebook switch over ... i dont really like the idea of myspace selling user info to < PROPMALE > collectors ... makes you go hmmm ... 
If I came with a WARNING label , what would\ 
it say ? ( Comment ... then copy and paste this to your status and see the\ 
warnings you get ) 
Pulling out my hair trying to access the internet using the wii because my laptop crapped out on me and isn't working ! < PROPFIRST > will have to take a look at it . 
thanks for all the birthday wishes !!!! I love you all !!! ^_^ 
Yesterday was awesome !!! Thanks for all the birthday wishes ; it made my day !!!! lots of love to you all !!! :) 
Had a wonderful day with the hubs , friends , and family at my birthday party !!! ^_^ 
Fate rarely calls upos us at a time of our choosing and that time is now ... You can only do your best with the situation at hand . 
Happy 4th everyone !!! What are your plans ? 
I feel low energy ... despite that , my brother encouraged me to do some stretches and I feel a little better ! :) 
not liking this hot weather ... wish it was winter already 
ah .. the smell of pay day ! unfortunately , almost the whole thing goes to bills this time ... 
Inception was a weird but good movie overall ! :) 
facebook is sooo not user friendly !!! arggg !! 
gonna < PROPFEMALE > out with my best < PROPMALE > today ! looking forward to it :) 
Feel achy from rearranging my room but I like the way it looks ! :) 
I'm simply exhilarated with my car up and running again ! My super duper awesome hubby < PROPFIRST > May fixed it !!!!! yay !!!!!!! 
... Didn't do much for mine and < PROPFIRST>'s anniv but we both had a good time enjoying each others company today ! :) 
Thanks for the anniversary wishes !!! :) 
Another busy day ... 
Tonight we get to see if we are on tv or not ! 
Havin fun workin on a blog to make money ! Yay ! 
If you want to check out my blog , the web address is : bmw328igrl.wordpress.com ... I must forewarn you it is a work in progress :) 
The weekend seemed like it flew by !!! Where does the time really go ? anyone have any ideas ??? 
happy that my blog is taking off ! yay ! 
looking forward to halloween ! < PROPFIRST > is almost done with the entire War Machine costume ! ( War Machine is from the movie Iron Man 2 for those of you who don't know the character ) I will post pics as soon as I have some :) 
Tomorrow is the big night for < PROPFIRST > ! Hope we win some more money ! :) 
Halloween was awesome ! It would have been more awesome if < PROPFIRST > won the contest last night . He came in second place ; Unfortunately , there was no second place prize ! :( I dressed up as \Black Widow\ " ( < PROPFEMALE > Johansson's character from Iron Man 2 ) but people thought I was a correctional officer ! :p " 
TGIF ! The week seemed to drag on ... No big plans but I do enjoy the weekend ! :) 
someone is hogging the computer ... someone has found facebook and enjoys it too much ! 
Thanksgiving was a blast ! Had a lot of fun hanging out with everyone ! :) How was everyone elses thanksgiving ? 
Feel a little under the weather today ... I felt like I had a slight fever last night . Still got chores and laundry to do today . Gonna be busy workin on my website today ; New look and new info ! :) 
just finished pulling out all my hair from working on my website ALL day ... i do like the new look though :) 
BTW , there are still some glitches from me switching to the new web design ; let me know of any that you see please . :) 
Believe those who are seeking the truth . Doubt those who find it . ~ Andre Gide\ 
is that not the truth or what ? 
I was outside raking leaves when all of a sudden a dog came up to me . She was a sweet little dog . We tried to find her owner but to no avail . Her tags appeared to be old . We put her in the backyard while I went inside to get her some food and water . When I came back out she was gone . :( There was a little hole underneath the fence that she must have crawled out . :( 
Got some work to do ... Wait , Why am I on Facebook then ???? 
dont get me wrong , i love the holidays but i hate when jerks are on the loose ... got yelled at today from some jerk saying \i took his parking spot\ " not only that but he came banging on my trunk to tell me that ... such a jerk !! " 
i hate that i get headaches before it rains .. but i guess i at least get a forewarning and i can let others know when its gonna rain . :) 
my computer crashed ! so annoying ! now im stuck using the wii temporarily til i can figure something out ! 
I hate being sick ! I swear that everytime I get sick , something always happens that keeps me from staying in bed ... 
Making the simple complicated is commonplace ; making the complicated simple , awesomely simple , that’s creativity . - < PROPFIRST > Mingus 
If you could have anything this Xmas , What would it be ? ( Regardless of money ) 
< PROPFEMALE > Xmas to all ! I hope you all got what you wanted this year ! :) 
< PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPMALE > , and < PROPMALE > are coming over soon to < PROPFEMALE > out with us and watch a movie ! It will be fun ; We are gonna make a fire and have some yummy spaghetti with some dessert afterwards !!! 
Off to another day of website updates and taking care of sick people at the Martinez house . :) 
I'm soooo excited !!! My laptop is up and running again ; all it needed was a charger ! \ 
YAY !!!! 
I have the world's most awesomest husband ever ! He has been taking extremely good care of me right now ... he's making me feel better much faster :) 
Does anyone know of a place where you can learn how to work on bmws online ? I want to learn how to work on them so that way I can fix some things . :) Maybe a \how to fix a 98 bmw 328i for dummies\ " book ? lol ! " 
Question re-phrase : does anyone know of a place online where I can learn to work on bmws ? ( I re-read the old question and thought it sounded funny ! lol ! ) 
Don't really have any big plans for the weekend but I am looking forward to it . :) Now off to working on the website again . :) 
Had a great time hangin ' with May today ! She is a blast ! :D 
jsyk ... facebook can give your personal information ( i.e , phone < PROPFIRST > , e-mails , addresses ; etc ... ) to third party people ... If you don't want your information out there for these people , delete it . I did . \ 
\ 
If any of you guys want to call me and don't have my number , contact me and I will send it to you via e-mail . I will be more than happy to give you my contact info . :) 
Not feeling well today . Didn't sleep well :( 
When it rains , It freakin ' pours !!!! I'm sooo upset . Someone got a hold of < PROPFIRST>'s card info and charged $99 dollars worth of gas to our account . Now we are in the negative and to make it worse , he gets paid tomorrow and the bank said that they can't do anything about the transaction till it goes through the account . So hopefully they give us the money back right away . * getting a headache from the aggravation * 
Got some triop eggs in my aquarium . :) Waiting for them to hatch . If you don't know what triops are , they are also known as sea monkeys . :) 
The triops hatched ! I bet you there are at least a thousand of those little buggers in there ! lol ! They are kinda gross looking ! 
waiting for doctor to get her butt over here already 
nothing wreaks more than fake \positive reinforcement \"..." 
waiting at the dmv sucks ... 
It can be so confusing sometimes . lol ! I have brine shrimp not triops . I will have to take pics for you guys when they get bigger so you can see them . :) 
Help me brainstorm here : What are the types of things that you buy online ? What are things that you ONLY buy online ? 
had a very nice time with the family at the crab feed :) 
hope u feel better ! :) 
Just finished eating and cleaning the kitchen . Now I'm just relaxin and watchin tv 
at applebees with the hubby 
Hanging out with May today ! Yay !!! :) 
looking forward to finally getting a working phone !!!! :D 
Anyone have skype ? I'm new to skype . Does anyone know how to work this thing ? Any pointers or a quick layout that someone can give me ? 
I was on youtube looking for new material to add to my website when I came across a news video on there on an incident where robbers that broke into a house poisoned a fish in an aquarium . You know why the robbers did it ? They said because they didn't want any witnesses !!!! I mean , really ?!! 
I'm frustrated with my computer ! So many things don't work on it anymore ! Microphone < PROPFIRST > , cd drive , and bluetooth don't work on my comp ... Time to upgrade but where to find the money ... 
OH MY GOSH ! IT'S SNOWING !!! YEAH RIGHT ! NO IT'S NOT ! * sarcastic mood from hopes being up about snow * :p YOU SUCK METEOROLOGISTS ! 
Having some nice quality time with the hubby 
My sweetie pie is such a sweetheart ... He made a special trip to the store to get me coffee ;) 
Going to go to Schollenberger Park with my bestest friend May :) 
Had a great time last night with May and the hubbs . :) 
I HATE spammers ! If you are fed up with them , \like\ " this status update " 
Thought for the day : one knows their imperfections more than anyone else ; telling someone about their imperfections doesnt help 
Got a lot of stuff done today ! :) Yay me ! 
It is so annoying when people keep changing agreements with you . Once something is agreed upon , quit trying to alter it to fit your \current\ " needs . " 
Mmm ... starbucks in the a.m on a rainy saturday morning .. \ 
Thanks to my hubby for getting it for me ;) now i can sit in my pjs in bed and keep cozy under blnkts 
One of my angelfish is dying . :( He had a case of pop eye that I didn't notice . :( 
Thank you to everyone that \liked\ " the howtocareforfish.com < PROPFEMALE > ! :) It really helps people become more aware of keeping fish healthy and happy . :) " 
Just started a new exercise regimen . :) just did a good run on the treadmill :) 
You and I end up in a police car together : Using only 4 words , what would you say to me ? Note : If you comment , you must copy and paste this as your status , so I can comment on yours too ! Be a good sport and play along ... 4 words are harder than you think ; 
Anyone want a nikon coolpix s3000 ? $80 \ 
Hit me up if you are interested ... practically like new aand comes with everything even the box 
