got that animal hat ! 

hey is there a certain place i can go on here to view like all the quizes ? 
is going to listen to owl city till i pass out :) 
filling up my waterbed ! man i missed it while they were redoing our carpet ! 
if you need a job and have a reliable car text me 623 824 2921 
Hey if you want a puppy ! i have a 4 month old red nose pit bull mix . she has a lot of energy and is very healthy i want to keep her but i have no place she can stay so i just want her to go to someone who will take care of her and treat her good . if you want more info or if you want to take her home with you please let me know :) 623 824 2921 
happy new year to everyone ! i wish you all the best of luck ! 
chillin at home watchin the runaways 
at home bored as hell . nothing to do ... well besides laundry 
awesome awesome awesome night ! :) 
booooorrrrreeeedddd ! 
< PROPMALE > mars is dam good 
Dear < PROPFEMALE > , I hate your stinkin guts , you make me vomit , you're scuuuum between my toes . love , alfalfa i love the little rascals ! 
i'm going to start playing the piano again . i want to make music :) 
can't sleep someone should text me or something 
imagine all the people livin for today . you may say that i'm a dreamer but i'm no the only one . i hope someday you'll join us . and the world will live as one 
if its a piece of hair you need baby just ask 
taking out my septum piercing tomorrow :) Quit smoking started working out . now all i need is to get < PROPFEMALE > brown haha 
< PROPFIRST > i love you man R.I.P 
so i got a question . do you wana have a slumber party in my basement ? do i make your heart beat like an 808 drum ? 
gay ass night . besides going to the movies with my family . work tomorrow text me then . night 
work ! i feel amazing today , its gonna be a good day . text me :) 
chillin at gios . nice relaxation after a 15 hour day at work . text me 623 824 2921 
chillin at home . i want to get a massage or something . not today though got work :/ 
watching avatar :) 
todays my only day off from work this week :) hit me up lets chill 
worked sucked . time to pass out 
i'll put you in a beach house right on the edge of costa rica , put one of them lil ' flowers in your hair have you lookin like a fly mamacita , fuego 
going to the gym :) 
feels like shit 
so don't let anyone scare you , you know that i'll protect you always , now through the thick and thin until the end 
love ya < PROPFIRST > . i miss you cuz 
can't sleep :/ hit me up on the cell 
dam my xbox sucks 
i need a bad chick ;) 
stoploss = amazing . i've watched this movie like a million times 
8 days till my birthday !!! 
beating hearts baby ! baby is this love for real , let me in your arms to feel , the beating of your heart baby ! 
If I was ya man ( baby you ) Never worry ' bout ( what I do ) I'd be coming home ( back to you ) Every night , doin ' you right 
full from chipotle =) sleep then work . go suns !!!!!! 
my 20th birthday is tomorrow ! :) 
20 ! 
bomb ass night ! just got home now time for work 
Sassy and she classy , fly and she flash it\ 
\ 
Gutta , dats my gutta bitch , badd and she nasty 
vacation tomorrow !!!!!!!! 
on < PROPFEMALE > island baby ! next stop ensenada mexico ! 
on my way home ! should be back around 2 or 3 . badass vacation ! 
got a new tattoo ! i'll take pics in a few days 
The t.v. show Entourage = my life pretty soon ! 
I need to go to Carnaval Brasil ! 
If you haven't already , read the books CRANK and GLASS by < PROPFEMALE > Hopkins . life changing 
Automatic Loveletter 
eating grilled cheese , spaghetti O's , and watching grease haha bored as hell 
who wants to come to my house later tonight and go swimming ?! 
is a stud ! 
is no longer broke at midnight ! and my painting just came in ! great day 
can't sleep . i'm bound for bigger things and i know it 
dam two nights in a row and not being able to sleep really sucks 
just made myself a bomb steak and some potatoes . now its time for a nap then off to work 
Ari Gold is the man ! 
some people love to play games ...... don't play me 
fun ass night fishing and chillin with the boys . now its time for softball practice 
i work hard and play harder ..... and i work to the bone ;) 
made myself some bomb ass beef stroganoff . i'm gonna feel great at work 
yesterday was a great day ! today is the start of a new life :) 
just got home from camping .... wish i could've stayed longer 
i`m not that thuggish not that ruggish but i do pack bone 
Don't you ever get lonely ? \ 
Yeah , don't you ever get lonely ? \ 
' Cause it's no better for me\ 
I still cannot breathe 
my car sucks ! 
boring ass night . picked myself up a 40 . after that gonna get some sleep i guess 
i'm done with it 
badass night with < PROPFIRST > Miller last nigt ya'll missed it ! 
it sucks how some people get everything handed to them . i have to work super hard for everthing and then i still get shit on 
is really really hungry but theres never anything to eat at home . anyone wanna cook for me ?! 
< PROPFEMALE > Lambert = The love of my life 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > is a punk 
Yeah !!! time for work gotta love these 11-12 hour shifts 
if you`re up you should let me know se we can text :) 
Oklahoma State ! 
big 12 get ready the cowboys are on the loose ! 
fail blog is the best thing ever 
If drinking don't kill me\ 
Her memory will\ 
I can't hold out much longer\ 
The way that I feel\ 
With the blood from my body\ 
I could start my own still\ 
And if drinking don't kill me\ 
Her memory will 
tonight really sucks 
BLACK : I\ 
hate you ; PINK : I like you ; PURPLE : I would date you ; RED : I love you ;\ 
ORANGE : I like talking to you ; WHITE : I really care about you ; SILVER :\ 
We're close ; GREEN : You're hot ; YELLOW : I couldn't live without you ; BROWN : Best Friends . \ 
Tell Me What You Think 
work is my life . my friend level has gone way down ! sorry to all the homies 
so .... tired .... must ..... not .... fall .... asleep ..... at .... work ...... 
another great night :) about to be followed up by another long day at work 
time to get ready for work then bp tonight ! 
if you`re pillow talkin to the women that are srewin you just know they gonna tell anotha nigga when they through with you 
chillin with < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > ( his blue tick coon hound ) 
Baby you finer than your fine cousin . And your cousin fine but she aint got my heart beatin double time 
i LOVE going to work an my days off ........ NOT ! this sucks 
done with work for the day time to chill . \\n\\ni'm a love machine and i won't work for nobody but you . 
I need to relax and take it easy tonight 
ky and camy crack me up lol these girls love me 
long day at work today ... but i'm off tomorrow ! 
cock-a-doodle brew son 
boondock saints = my life story . rule of the wrist kicks ass 
Dam detox is gonna be so sick ..... if it ever comes out 
I love you < PROPFIRST > . R.I.P cuz 
got surrounded by the police right now . crazy expirience 
double today 9am-11pm :( but at least i have tomorrow off 
today is going to be one of the best days of my life so far ! 
I feel so relaxed and calm when jayden sleeps in my arms . He's a little angel :) 
Its a great day :) last night was amazing 
is chillin at stephs watching some planet earth 
Naked jucie & oatmeal = a great start to the day ! 
We drunk so let me be your alcohol hero 
Change your profile picture to one of a cartoon from your childhood and invite your friends to do the same . Purpose of the game ? To not see any human ... faces on Facebook until Monday - only an invasion of memories . FOR THE FIGHT AGAINST CHILD ABUSE - COPY AND PASTE ON YOUR WALL 
Mmmm < PROPFEMALE > McAdams in The Notebook = the love of my life ! 
thinkin i'll probably be alone forever 
in tucson with the family 
great weekend with the family ! i just wish < PROPFIRST > was still around i love you bro ! 
got my car fixed ! but i'm still gettin a new one ! 
I walk around like i got a S on my chest 
overall last night was awesome haha 
who wants to go see a movie with me today ? 
Dam i'm lazy today ! I can't get out of bed 
A little BP with < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > and steph . chill night 
ain't nobody sauced like this , ain't no other barbeque boss like this 
the pretty girls just happen to stop by in the hood , and they hop their pretty ass up on the hood of that pretty ass car 
Ready to make an entrance so back on up cuz you know we bout to rip shit up give me the microphone first so bust like a bubble 
You could stay but shorty here i go . should spend the weekend in vegas ? i'm living inside a moment not takin pictures to save it 
super tired . work can't go by fast enough 
Listening to usher at work always gets me pumped up 
Worked 13 hours today and i'll probably have to do it again tomorrow 
