Time passes . Even when it seems impossible . Even when each tick of the second hand aches like the pulse of blood behind a bruise . It passes unevenly , in strange lurches and dragging lulls , but pass it does . Even for me . 

.... If someone puts their ring on your ring finger , are you married ?? @_@ 
is so over this town and the stresses of school ... minus < PROPFIRST > ... 
is being enthralled by roofing and floor structures ..... gotta love detailing ..... 
went to the rec tonight with < PROPFIRST > and feel really good right now . :-D 
really wants to go back to bed ..... stupid programming nobody likes you .... 
ah .... the first snow of the season .... 
ready to go home for Thanksgiving break bring on Tuesday ! 
has so much to do this week ....... crap 
is getting really tired at looking at AutoCAD .... 
f'n A ..... have to go to class and studio in this crappy weather while feeling sick .... what a great combo 
dear whatever made me sick ..... please go away . i have a studio project to finish and i am starting to miss the taste of real food . please and thank you . your b **** aka < PROPFIRST > 
can see the light at the end of the tunnel ! Back in STL in a week ! 
needs to figure out plans for tomorrow night .... its my last night in manhattan for 8 months ! 
finished my first semester of my 4th year ..... now its time for a much needed break and then ITALY ! 
thinking about a lot of things ....... this can't be a good thing 
don't know how i pulled off an A in programming but i will take it 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
yet another night alone ..... i am beginning to become too attached to new < PROPFEMALE > 
one week and I will be beginning my travels to Italy ! 
Leaving for Rome today .... flights just got reworked and hopefully we make it there tomorrow 
Arrived in Orvieto yesterday .... long trip .... having a wonderful day walking the town and stuff 
The start of my first full week of studies ..... Rome this Friday ! 
so i am a complete nerd ..... we were talking about the town of Volterra and the first thing i think about is New < PROPFEMALE > and the Volturi 
Rome was amazing ! Ah < PROPFEMALE > ! 
another week in Orvieto .... Florence on Friday ! 
ready for this busy week ... 2 field trips and cooking class oh and the random trip to the police station 
OMG ...... love < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST>'s house ! 
Herculanium and Pompeii Wednesday through Friday ..... which means I will have internet 24 hours a day when i am at the hotel !!!! 
back from Pompei and Herculanium its quite beautiful pictures coming soon ! 
looking forward to the coming weeks and visiting < PROPFEMALE > 
ran part of the Rupe this morning .... now to continue my motivation to run ... 
FML .... I think I may have broken my computer and I don't know how to fix it because I don't speak Italian ! 
needs to figure out where the apple store is in Rome so i can possibly get my computer fixed .... 
so my Saturaday in Rome was an interesting experience .... finally getting my computer fixed should be back up and running next weekend . Leaving for < PROPFEMALE > tommorrow through Saturday . Since I won't be online Wednesday , HAPPY BIRTHDAY < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ! 
finally have my computer back !!! Love being able to communicate again and not being technologically challenged . 
screw you sprint ..... screw you ! 
for everyone out there DO NOT EVER get sprint service . They are horrible , rude , and mess every single thing up about your account . 
so < PROPFIRST > just made me the happiest person on earth right now ! 
So excited that K-State is in the elite 8 .... Go State ! 
i am in italy and studio still finds a way to ruin my life ... gah ! 
looking forward to a 4 day weekend 
thinking about having theme songs for the day/week .... 
trying to enjoy my last weeks in italy but have so much to look forward to when I get home and will be glad to get away from the people I am with ... 
absolutely hates landscape design ..... there is a reason i went into architecture 
officially done with studio time to pack to get ready to come home !!! 
packing is a nightmare right now .... heading to < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow to catch a night train to < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > Saturday through Tuesday back home on Tuesday .... I also got a new cell phone so if you want me to have your number send me a message on here so i can have it , i do have some peoples from before ..... Ciao Italia ! 
made it to < PROPFIRST > 3 more days here and then back to the States 
amazing day in < PROPFIRST > today ..... saw so much ! Home on Tuesday ! 
finally made it back to st louis ..... its good to be home 
Do you feel the weight of the world singing sorrow or to you is it just not real cause we all got our own things .... I guess 
At shakesperes in como ..... Hells to the ya !!!! 
Chillin by the pool with some beers .... damn straight 
Chillin by the pool drinkin take 2 
Day one at work over time to go run 
For those who don't know me , I can get a bit crazy Have to get my way , yep 24 hours a day'Cuz I'm hot like that 
Completely soaked from the employee service awards at work ...... thanks 
Congratulations to my cousin < PROPFIRST > on getting married today . 
Today is a good day .... I get paid and I get to take in a cardinals game in the Peabody box ! Woot ! 
Manhattan ....... I'm back ..... 
had an awesome weekend in Manhattan ...... sad to be back home .... I miss it already . 
\All girls should have an affair with a french guy ..... I highly highly recommend it ... it's a great way to learn the language and its a great way to get banged . \ " - < PROPFIRST > Cutrone ...... I love her " 
Going to see wicked at the fox !!! 
do da do i am bored ... guess that means its time to sleep 
High ho high ho it's off to work I go .... 
Going underground at Gateway mine today and getting an awesome paycheck 
so i am doing nothing on a Friday night .... this is lame 
Manhattan look out I am coming back in less than a month ..... btw I MISS YOU !!!! 
Totally hot tubbing it with drinks ! Love Friday nights ! 
do da do ..... i want ice cream 
Feels really lonely .... time to curl up in bed and sleep ... 
Oddly hungry right now ..... hmm 
Why has food been the only thing on my mind recently ? 
Really not happy that the architecture department decided that because of the professors schedules not matching up we have to wait another 2 weeks to find out our studio preferences 
It's Friday !!! Now I just have to get through introducing the CEO of our company at lunch today .... no big 
Successfully introduced the CEO of our company ... things went well I think ... onto finishing my Friday afternoon 
Stop flicking belly button water on me 
Listening to Italian music that I listened to when in Orvieto ... I miss Italy 
so tired from work ..... blah 
Totally awesome Something Corporate concert tonight ! Best concert ever ... 
great end to the day ! LOVE IT ! 
really wanting to go back to school now ! This is going to be an amazing year ! 
time to kick my own butt and get healthy by working out and eatting better .... 
Manhattan I hope your ready .... cause I will be back tomorrow !! 
Manhattan ..... I am offically back ! Let me know if you want to do something ! 
yay i have a temporary fix to my ac problem ..... ah cool air 
so tired ..... atleast i have no more late night classes the rest of this week 
no means yes like a 1,000 times ... 
so excited for my trip planing on going back to Italy ! Planning a short stop in London ! :-D 
ah the ville ..... how i have missed you ! 
ah school how i procrastinate on thee 
And today was a day just like any other 
should go running .... hmm what to do .... 
going for a run need to relax 
man i feel much better 
totally just ate it in front of my apartment .... i am going to blame the lack of sleep 
listening to the Wicked soundtrack again .... I think I may be addicted to it ...... 
keeping everyone who died in the 9/11 attack 9 years ago in my thoughts 
Go KSU ! Way to beat Mo State . 
i have 207 tests to grade by friday on top of everything else .... crap 
is it bad that i said i needed a drink at 9 am this morning ? 
can't wait to go to London here in a month .... then off to Italy again ! 
the freshman are driving me up a wall ... 
GO STATE !!! 4 and 0 baby ! 
making apple pie from scracth .... yum 
calling it an early night .... maybe monday will bring motivation and getting stuff done . 
Cue the mental breakdown in 5 ..... 4 ..... 3 ......... 
in one week I will be getting ready to head to London and then off to Italy again ! 
Let's Go K-State ! EMAW !!!! 
Can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars ? I could really use a wish right now , wish right now , wish right now ...... 
Waiting for my plane to go to Chicago and then to London ! 
London was amazing .... then Alitalia lost my bags when I arrived in Rome ... bags are being shipped to Orvieto in the next few days .... yay for living off of like 2 shirts compared to my 9 others that I picked out to be fashionable here in Italy . Thanks to < PROPFEMALE > Croce for helping me out ! 
Sitting in o'hare waiting for my flight to kc .... I just want to be back in manhattan 
Back in Manhattan .... exhausted after traveling ... back to class tomorrow ... 
i am sure my motivation is gonna come any second now .... * crickets chirping * 
Close your eyes , \ 
and i will be swimming\ 
lullaby's fill your room , \ 
and i will be singing\ 
singing to only you 
Do you ever have one of those days when everything seems wrong ? This is one of those days ... 
Let's go K-State ! Beat Texas again ! 
watching the K-State vs Mizzou game makes me miss all the time I spent in Columbia with my bestie < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
quite evening in Manhattan .... looking forward to being back in STL in 1 week ! 
The school week comes too soon ... weekends need to last longer 
today is a good day ... crit went well and just got a $ 1,000 check . Heck Yes ! 
glad that as of tomorrow the week is half over and I get to go home on Friday ! Much needed time in STL on the way ! 
in spirit of the season I wanted to say that today I am thankful for Ke$ha .... no matter what mood I am she always makes it better . 
St. < PROPFIRST > bound in T-minus 1.5 hours ... 
so glad to be home ..... I have missed you dearly west county ! 
back to Manhattan tomorrow .... its bitter sweet ... good to get the semester over but bad cause I don't really want to leave 
Manhattan ..... I am back .... get ready for an awesome end to the semester ! 
reallly wish i had a monitor i could hook up to my computer so i can watch movies and work at the same time .... 
Hot and dangerous ... \ 
If you’re one of us , then roll with us‘\ 
Cause we make the hipsters fall in love\ 
And we’ve got hot-pants on enough\ 
And yes of course because we’re running this town just like a club\ 
And no , you don’t wanna mess with us 
mmmm .... potato soup ... love it ! 
I really want to get a puppy .... 
surprisingly had fun working on cad drawings this afternoon ... 
really want to go to New York for the bowl game .... plus it would be my first trip to New York . 
migrane ..... blah 
almost done with the semester only a few things to finish up .... I really want to do something .... 
mmm homemade french onion soup for dinner tonight .... 1 week left before Christmas break 
Congratulations to all of my friends who graduated today ! 
great night out with < PROPFIRST > Lanae Parrish and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Long can't wait to do it again ! 
you and I wake up in jail together . Using only 4 words , what do you say to me ? Note : If you comment , you must copy and paste this to your status so I may comment on yours as well ... 
and let the endless grading of the final exam for HDE 1 begin ..... 
so glad to be back home for a month ... 
Successfully made my first batches of chocolate and peanut butter fudge .... damn I am good ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ! Hope everyone enjoys a great day with friends and family . 
Omg .... Demi Lovato .... I lurveeee it ! 
just got the best news ever .... I LOVE you 2011 ! 
Really wish things could be as simple and happy as they are in books 
hopefully the snow doesn't f up my plans to get back to school .... 
Manhattan ..... I am back for my last semester ! Woot ! Woot ! 
Totally just dominated twilight scene it . Bam ! 
last free night before the semester begins on tuesday ..... :( 
long last first day ..... 
ugh more snow .... really wanting that new car right about now 
I need to go to the rec .... but the snow is ruining my plans ..... curse you 
everything else in Northeast Kansas is closed .... but no K-State has to have classes 
Go Bears ! 
another weekend in the books .... time to prepare for another week of classes 
off to bed .... ready for friday and my birthday weekend 
wooot !!! good night ... need more nights like it 
In honor of my birthday , Kansas State University has cancelled classes ...... Your welcome . 
thank you everyone for the birthday wishes .... here is to another great year ahead of me ! 
so i feel like a < PROPMALE > dumb ass today ... 
now its time for bed .... my 8:05 class will come too soon .... 
i miss italy ..... a year ago i was living there and now i am stuck in the US and getting ready to graduate 
mmm ... just made gooey butter cookies for tomorrow's party .. yum ! 
going to KC in a week to visit the awesome < PROPFEMALE > Rogers ! 
so far I am not feeling very productive today :( 
i'll be glad when it is next week sometime that way this horrid week of themed shows , songs , commercials and people's over all displays go back to normal . 
another day closes and more work piles on .... after saturday I will be glad when this next week is over 
exhausted and not in the mood to grade tests but it has to be done 
Having a great day hanging out with an old friend in KC . 
Power and light with friends in KC 
studio crits saturday .... blech 
I am hungry and trapped in studio .... someone want to bring me food ? :) 
Exhausted from studio work this week ... I have spent a total of 15 hours at my apartment this week . Plans for the rest of the day finish crits , SLEEP , and party tonight . 
listening to my back in the day playlist .... it brings me much happiness 
watching HSM2 .... wow ... 
got my laser cut files ready for my 1:100 model so I can cut them tomorrow ... now lets try and tackle some portfolio stuff 
blah .... headaches ... projects .... portfolios ... 
