is talking to < PROPFIRST > 

is chatting with jas and being random 
is bbysitting and watching a spanish channel bacause nothing else comes in on this tv . 
needs to find a new profile pic . 
is chatting randomly with jas 
is sad that < PROPFEMALE > left . :( and s bbysittang as is the usual 
is messing around on the computer . being random . the usual . 
is chattin with jas and taylyr . 
is chattin with < PROPFIRST > and being random . 
my computer is being stupid !!!!!! aaaarrrrrgggg !!!!! 
is tryin to get more music on her ipod while wishing her mom and < PROPFEMALE > a happy birthday 
bord while bbysitting 
myspacebarisbeingretarded !!!!! 
is confused 
is tired from soccer , never drink too much water . bad things appen 
< PROPFIRST > is spending the night at ronnis !!!!!!!!! pumps fist in air yesss !!!!!!!! 
is planning on spending the day swimming and tanning by the pool . :) i love summer . 
babysitting and watching spongebob with < PROPFEMALE > 
is waitin for mom to get home so she can take < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > to guitar practice . 
waiting for practice later . 
just got back from vacation !!!!!! 
stupid ipod is being annoying while trying to create new playlists . grr 
is enjoying not having to babysit today . :D 
bored and waiting for parents to come home so i can go to jasmines . 
is hangimg out with tay !!!!!! 
mad ... grrr ... 
bored and doing chores ... 
browsing facebook and being bored . 
hangin wth < PROPFEMALE > . 
bored and going to the drive in to see ice age . sams choice so hoping it wont be that bad ... 
waiting for my mom to get home so i can shirk babysitting for a week ! and so i can ask to go places . 
went school shopping . < PROPFIRST > is gone for the week so i am very happy . i will miss her sure but i am happy to be an only child again . 
ah ... is that silence i hear ? no yelling 11 year olds ? what a concept 
off to finish my chores . 
soccer practice here i come . 
just saw < PROPMALE > potter 6 . it was great ! 
reading one of my new books . :) 
listening to all the tokio hotel songs ive been ignoring ... sigh . ich liebe < PROPMALE > . i might have spell < PROPMALE > that wrong ... 
needs to wake up . i am so not a morning person . 
just got back from < PROPMALE > fair mall . ya gotta love getting money from the school for reading . haha 
i really need to get ahold of < PROPFEMALE > but thats hard to do with no phone !!! arg ! 
lovin on the sneak peak of tokio hotels new song automatic ! 
yay ! i got my phone and internet privliges back ! happy day !!!!! 
listening to the clip of automatic on repeat . too bad its only 45 sec long ... 
had an overall good day . too many schedule mishaps though . 
i survived freshman friday without getting canned ! yay ! lol 
got some hair dye today . kinda scared on how its gonna turn out . dont worry taylyr , its only on the ends . lol for now ... muahahahaha 
swimming is actually fun in pe . pleasently suprised . now if only < PROPFEMALE > would swim faster . lol jk < PROPFEMALE > . :) 
hmmmm .... i really should update my profile pic but i dont know which one to update it to ..... 
listening to black veil brides 
being bored .... nothing unusual there 
relax ..... dont you dare harsh my mellow ! lol 
i smell like chlorine hecka !!! its gross !!! stupid broken filter . 
debating ...... 
is mindlessly staring at duke devlin . ( watch yugioh th abridged series and ull see what im talking about ) 
i thought rain could make everything better ... i was wrong ... 
i knew the rain wold come through . :) going downstairs to sit by the fire . 
im writing down what i cannot see/wanna wake up in a dream/oh/theyre tellin me its beutiful/i believe them/but will i ever know- world behind my wall by tokio hotel 
i sooooo dont want to wake up tomorrow . dont u hate it when u have a game more than an hour away , have to get ther an hour early , and its hekka early anyway ? ugh . wish us luck !!! GO IMPACT !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
so hoping that this weekend will be fun . please bring on the halloween fun tomorrow ! :) 
having fun with tay . :) let the fun packed weekend begin !!!!!!! 
finally back on facebook . :) never has having a phone felt so good 
having a very insightful moment ... 
sometimes life is just waaaaay too confusing .... 
why do mondays have to suck so bad ? well at least i gett wednesday off . :) 
so glad we had today off . i needed a day to clear my mind . too bad i have a big paper that i have barely started .... 
we are young , but we have heart , born in this world as it all falls apart .... we are young , we dont belong , born in this world as it all falls apart ... 
new < PROPFEMALE > comes out tomorrow at midnight !!!!! 
being sick suuuux .... :( 
dancin around like a total idiot and not caring one bit . :) 
I come crashing to the floor , And I know there must be more like me , I've seen this all before , I can't < PROPFEMALE > this anymore , break free , Breath , and leave until the storm is over , ' Cause underneath , there's a < PROPFEMALE > passin over , So breath , let's leave until the storm is over , Because I want to take you away 
i just how busy this next week is going to be . but its also going to be awsome !!!!! 
this whole weekend was freaking awsome . i dont want it to end but at the same time i do so that christmas will come faster . 
thanks for the reality check jas , i needed that . :) 
bored out of my mind !!!!!!! arrrrg 
7 days ...... 
reading FMLs . so glad i dont have that stuff happening to me 
im feeling very loved lol 
my uncle tries deleting some stuff off our computer ... now everything on the screen is hecka < PROPFEMALE > and i cant figure out how to fix it . ugh 
just took a practice spanigh 2 midterm online ... apparently i know a lot about culture but failed everything else ...... thats a bad sign ... 
blue !!!! :) 
its friday night and i have nothing to do ...... this sucks . 
my moms on another health kick . kill me now . 
good music , no homework , baking , facebook , its a storm of < PROPFEMALE > happiness :D 
going over to jas ' !!!!! yay !!!!!! 
has so many conflicting emotions its freaking crazy . ugh 
very happy . ugh . sometimes i really hate other emotions . XP 
soccer conditioning was actually , do i dare to say ..... fun ? 
you're only as tall as your heart will let you be , and you're only as small as the world will make you seem , and when the going gets rough , and you feel like you may fall , just look on the brightside , you're roughly six feet tall . :) 
sigh ...... confusion does not help homework 
anyone know the deal with the soccer tryouts ? the schedule says that next week is conditioning but ive been hearing that its tryouts ? 
nevershoutnever = freaking awsome 
gails later !!!! :) 
does not like the new facebook . just when i get used to the old one they change it again . ugh 
stupid thing . grrrrrrr 
drawing . :) in my happy place 
making cookies ! :) yay for prevented boredom ! 
boredom is finishing a picture u already finished . ppl need to give me ideas for the background . im stumped 
got a formspring . ask me questions . :) http://www.formspring.me/complicatd 
did u say the hollywood show ? no !!! THE HILLYWOOD SHOW U DUNCE !!! 
ugh . i hate great expectations ...... 
too ...... many ...... flashcards ........ 
hanging with < PROPFEMALE > while the parents are at the crab feed 
anyone in cadenhead have the list of who we are supposed to include for the great expectations character map ? i cant find mine . what a shock . 
finally finished with my great expectatios charachter map . :) glad thats over and done with 
ugh . im gonna be so sore tomorrow .... 
why does life always go from overly tiring to completely boring ? cant there be an in between for once ? 
camping was awsome . now im sad i cant go to san < PROPFEMALE > cause of the rain . oh well , folsom outlets instead ! i sense a new pair of converse are in order . :) 
yay for minimum days !!!!!!!!! excited for tomorrow ! 
30 < PROPMALE > !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
its good to be back on facebook !!!! :) 
< PROPFEMALE > testing < PROPFEMALE > ts tomoorw .... ugh ... 
Off to chico . Wish me luck . :) 
61 < PROPMALE > ! So happy ! That was awsome ! 
well , i hope ms pefley is happy that she was gone and didnt realize that we cant get on gmail at school . goodbye 50 pts . im happy we dont have to go to school intil nine tho . :) 
Its weird being the last one home when im usually the first to leave . 
Waging war on my closet . I hope it doesnt eat me in the process . 
dontcha love it when ur project group flakes on u leaving u to do all the work on a 200 pt project due tomorrow ? those jerks are gonna die tomorrow . 
Today was cool . Played spanish ninja and mata mosca . I think thats how u spell it .... The rally was ok .... but it was ment for the seniors so it was cool . 
siick . if i wasnt i might actually be enjoying being home alone . 
I am YOUR MOTHER !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! <3 Blondie :) 
< PROPFEMALE > !!!!!!! 
listening to music , maybe seeing < PROPFIRST > later , lets hope mom says ok , its been too long . 
ask me stuff . :) \ 
http://www.formspring.me/complicatd 
Finally off to san < PROPMALE > . This is gonna be a long ride ..... If ur planning to stay up txt me . :) 
Just found the rest stop that we stopped at on the way to wonder valley . :) Good times . Good times . 
Sad that vacation is over . :( Spend most of the time with grandpa , which was interesting . Haha i dont have to go to school tomorrow . :) At least im happy abt that 
I just realized it says want twice on 3OH!3's album cover . Wow . I feel really stupid now . Lol 
i really need to learn to be more honest with myself , and more forthcoming with others . 
Off to the grand canyon :) talk to ya in ten days !! 
Hi it's Katherine :) I'm using Sarahs phone . 
Hey mom ! Guess what ! Were going through the air forces active bombing range ! Dont worry we think they only use practice bombs close to the freeway . Lol 
Well were in utah .... and its snowing .... in JUNE . 
23 < PROPMALE > in four days . had lots of Fun . Got attacked by a cactus . Got a new trail name . Awsome week . 
Of course on the day where all i want to do is stay home and sleep they want to actually go somewhere . Where ? Nascar race . But i have to go cause its fathers day 
starts ref training tonight . todays gonna be a long day . sorry now you have to watch 100 feet alone now < PROPFEMALE > . :( 
Hanging out with taylyr . Makin blood cake . Lol . Did you know that tpwhen u type in anything gay on google the searchbar goes rainbow ? 
Had an awsome time at the scuba class today . I want to go to monterey and do an open water class now . 
hopefully maybe starting drivers < PROPMALE > tomorrow . :) 
Just jumped in the pool with all my clothes on from practice . It felt awsome . I wish i had scuba gear at home so i could just stay in there for hours . :) 
http://www.formspring.me/complicatd\ 
ask me anything . ill answer everything . boredom baby . :) 
Just got out of the theatre . Best movie yet . 
Had a great time at the 3rd of july party . Swam until i was exausted and watched the fireworks(the little ppl brought . Lol ) 
Anyone ever had a nitrous monster ? 
hmmmm .... so many things i should do but i dont want to do any of them right now .... 
to sleep or not to sleep , that is the question .... 
glad to be back home . 
Going tubing down the truckee river !! 
Had a great time at the river . The whitewater park was freakin awesome . Now off to the drive ins . :) 
At home playing blokus with the fam . :) 
going to the fair with < PROPFEMALE > :) 
i love free stuff you get at the fair . :) my coloring book is in spanish . 
Stupid skunk . It just invaded my yard and tried to spray my dog . 
Had a great time in la porte today , the stars look amazing in the middle of noowhere in the middle of the night . :) Happy birthday dad . 
Why is it that the people that i never talk to are the people who text me randomly at two in the morning ? Off to a tourney . Ugh its too early . 
Going to the championships !!!!!!!!! 
Took second place . It was a great game . 1-0 
Is it sad that even the saleslady laughed at me walking in heels ? :) had a great time with < PROPFIRST > . 
Today is tomorrow and yesterday is today . :) 
Had a great time with < PROPFIRST > and jas last nigh and today . Mall was fun . :) 
1 . world history-rogers\ 
2 . hon . english 2-dixon\ 
3 . geometry-slater\ 
4 . pe 2-kelly\ 
5 . spanish 3-bates\ 
6 . chemistry-barry . \ 
\ 
comment if you have classes with me . 
Off again to another tournament . Way too early to function correctly . 
Is mad abt that scoring system . 
Saw vampires suck with taylyr . Funniest thing ever . First day was ok . I can already tell its gonna be a busy year though . 
stupid summer reading essay due ! 
Muahahahahah !!!!!! 
feelin kinda bored ...... i could do extra homework .... but i wont . :) 
packing for going caving this weekend . stoked !!! and yes , i still say stoked . :) 
Still drivin . Playing my cows with everyone . 
Anyone else have a rave/dance party in a cave ? I didnt think so . :) 
geometry , one part equasions , two parts common sense . im kinda hoping it gets harder but at the same time i like being able to do 20 problems in less than half an hour . 
well i guess i am going to homecoming , mom bought me that dress without telling me . who else is going ? 
< PROPMALE > walk was really cool . Got gelato for the first time in forever . Drunk ppl are really funny to watch . :) 
never shout never never fails to put a smile on my face . :) 
me and another geman emo pop band ..... hm .... im starting to sense a pattern here .... 
Dear u10 girls parents , please be nice to the new side ref . 
spanish flashcards should die . 
ugh . 
any of the < PROPMALE > kids going to fall festival this year ? 
Shes the man = best movie ever . :) 
Needs a rape whistle . :) 
Seriously ? Its a color !! If it was different color would it be the same thing ? No . It wouldnt . But its black . So < PROPFEMALE > me . 
Got my phone back !! Great weekend . Great game saturday and had a great time helping set a world record today . :) 
finally got the < PROPFEMALE > CD downloaded . thankk you < PROPFEMALE > for letting me copy it . :) you know what im going to be listening to all through tomorrow . 
< PROPFEMALE > just left . :( now to be bored again . 
only the english essay and spanish left . :) finally . anyone want to help me on what to put for my points made and universal generalization ? stuck on those . 
tooo .... many ..... stamps ...... thank you mr. < PROPMALE > . for coming up with the most time consuming pointless activity ever . 
Please\ 
put this on your status if you know or love someone who is gay . My wish\ 
is that people will understand that being gay is not a disease nor a \ 
choice -people who are gay are not looking for a cure but ACCEPTANCE and\ 
EQUAL RIGHTS ... 93% won't copy and paste this . Will you make it \ 
... your ...... status for at least one hour ? 
Quiche !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
anyone else going to the DC homecoming game ? 
had fun with taylyr at the mall earlier , now just hanging around home ..... txt me ? 
Maybe I would've been something you'd be good at\ 
Maybe you would've been something I'd be good at\ 
But now we'll never know\ 
I won't be sad but in case I go there every day to make myself feel bad\ 
There's a < PROPMALE > that I'll start to wonder if this was the thing to do 
Had a great time making shirts with the team . Now for all that homework ive been putting off ..... 
today is a < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > day . :) 
hm .... should i wear my tournament shirt i made or a costume tomorrow ? 
feeling a bit more sane now . :) 
i am having waaaaay too much fun listening to these ... 
well , lets see how much longer i can delay writing this act for the greek plays ...... 
its only 10 ? well that measn ive been sitting here doing nothing for about four and a half hours . < PROPMALE > accomplishment . :) 
still writing that dang essay ..... 
< PROPMALE > POTTER TONIGHT !!!!!!!!!!! 
great day today , almost no sleep , taco party at lunch , and random hysteria .... now to finish up that essay due by midnight ... 
\Might paint something I might want to < PROPFEMALE > here someday 
on the internet with the new laptop my parents got last night/ this morning . :) i missed having a working laptop . 
Freezing colddd . Lost our game but it was still a good one . Go impact !!! 
kinda bored now that soccer practice is gone . :( 
Had tons of fun last night . Now for < PROPFIRST > bake . :) 
didnt sleep last night , todays gonna be fun . :) 
Off to san < PROPMALE > ! 
Thanks to everyone who said happy birthday . Yesterday was fun but today is seaworld !! 
last chapter of drivers training ! ugh .... school tomorrow ... 
music highs are amazing . :) 
indoor starts tonight !!! :) 
Just passed my permit test !! :) 
Snowboarding , broomball , 19 mile bike ride , and mardi gras all in the same weekend ? Yes . :) 
just so i dont freak out , anyone in dixon's class , the debates start friday right ? 
First thought when i got home , why are there decorations ? Second , why are there people ? Then everyone suprise . You never expect a suprise party in febuary . 
Found the roaming gnome :) 
hm , i really wish a had a vuvuzela right now ..... 
why is it that every time i go on the computer , five minutes later my sister comes up and tells me that she needs it for homework . and you didnt do this before you did the rest of your homework why ? 
incense and fanfics . :) thank you Taylyr < PROPFEMALE > Thorne and < PROPFEMALE > Hassman for introducing me to these wonderful things . 
is loved very dearly by < PROPFIRST > Leal 
virus gone . :) now back to homework ..... ugh 
Hi < PROPFEMALE > ! Guess who this is ! Muahaha :D You've been hacked by the most awesome person in the WORLD (: Hehe , I love you ! <3 
well , I dont know how to feel about today . I got off restriction but then I found out I need braces ...... 
taylyr-\come overrrrrr\ " \ 
who's ready for speed quote and commentary ? :) 
6 Screaming 13 year olds in my house ..... so glad i didnt stay here last night . Tryouts and a bike ride later . :) 
