-sighs- finally 2009 is over ... hopes 2010 is better than 2009 

Vampires ... as normally always 
Missing all my friends :P 
:D woo ! obviously online ! 
21 days until Green day ! 
Just got home about an hour ago from band camp ... it was exhausting but I made it through ... now i must go back at around 6 to do a mini show and a lock in at 8 ! I'm pretty excited yet im tired and my feet hurt like hell . 
3 f-ing days until Green Day Concert !!!!! 
OMG ! 2 MoRe DaYs !!! It will be f-ing awesome ! :D :D 
excited for tomarrow !! 
OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG !!! TONIGHT IS GOING TO BE F-ING AWESOME !!!! I CANT WAIT AT ALL !!! GREEN DAY !!!!!! 7 HOURS 43 MINUTES !!! 
Had a blast at the Green Day ! Looking forward to seeing them again and again ! 
gah ! I cant see !!! just got back from eye appt . and had my eyes dialated . 
school tomarrow .. :-/ summer went by too fast 
TKD CAMP WAS AMAZING ! 
Weekend finally ! :P 
lots .. missing < PROPFEMALE > and texting peoples :P 
wow ... benson football seriously sucks yet the bands awesome :P 
Holy Crap ..... Wow .... Bus ride home from < PROPMALE > ... Ummmm .... was interesting .... 
:P Y can't the new house episode be sooner than tomarrow ??! 
Halloween !!! yay !!! going as < PROPFEMALE > Volturi !!! :D 
just got home from school ... i know first time in a long time im actually home right after school !! i know i should be reading my book for english but hey i have plenty of time ... ill probably read it later on tonight ... before i go to sleep ... 
cleaned the house all day today :P fun .. :P 
:D Yay !!! < PROPFEMALE>'s coming over !! :P 
SO EXCITED FOR TOMARROW !!! 
wait ... not tomarrow .... :P Today at 1:45 
Tired ... wish i could go back to bed ... but i have school :-/ that god for the short week 
still exhausted ... need something to wake me up :P Excited for tomarrow cuz its practically friday 
:P yea !!!! no more school til next monday !! 
Wide Awake for once :P Might actually feel a little spazzy ... going to see if there is anymore orange juice in the fridge ... 
Tired ... 1 act competion was a blast ... our best performance 2 ... :) 
Yay !!! 3 day snow day was amazing ... school was ok ... didn't feel like friday but i am glad it is :P Kinda angry that the opt out of finals is no longer . Feel it isn't quite fair to the people who actually earned it . Happy cuz I found my bestest friend on facebook that i hadn't added yet ^^ 
\I like to make myself believe that planet earth turns slowly . It's hard to say i'd like to stay awake when im asleep But everything is never as it seems\ " <--- My new fav . song :P " 
tired ... maybe i should go back to bed or take a shower ... 
\Now that i'm strong i have figured out how this world turns cold and it breaks through my soul and i know i'll find deep inside me i can be the one \"" 
:D i feel really animated right now ... :P perhaps because one of the hand-me-down jeans from my cousin are skinny jeans 
Good Morning !! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas < PROPFEMALE > everyone !!! 
I hope everyone is having a fantastic Christmas and got everything they dreamed of . 
plows finally came 2 days ago ... i think the drivers must be retarded because they kept hitting the curb on the island on my circle ... i guess they think its supposed to be < PROPFEMALE > ... i think they hit the tree once too ... thank god they didn't hit our new \pet\ " < PROPFEMALE >." 
Going out shopping soon ... fun 0 . o 
-sighs- Back to school today ... kinda looking forward to it ... but then again im not 
-yawns- another snow day ... lets hope we dont use the last 4 ... 
tierd ... was cleaning the house all day ... :-/ 
just woke up a few minutes ago ... well officially at least .... still tired tho .. 
also excited for next weekend ! ^^ 
:-o we are actually going to school today !! omg !!! lol ... yea listening to leave out all the rest by linkin park right now ... on facebook just to pass time before i have to get to the bus stop ... 
i am sooooo tired ... -yawns- and its another night where i wont be home until late ... taekwondo tonight ... :) 
YAY !!!! FRIDAY !!!!! 
-sighs- Life is cruel and short ... everyday should be lived like your last ... 
tired ... wishin people would treat each other right not fight ... life is an unpredictable highway ... you never know whats going to happen if you did earth would be a very boring place ... 
should be working on my paper ... just about finished ... just have to cite sources ... i just need a break from it too so figured id come online ... -sighs- then i have my biology 1 to right ... SO MUCH HOMEWORK !!! 
:D i is happy ... 
its friday yes and i kinda don't want to go to school but at the same time i want to go to school ... 
heading out soon ... hanging out with my family until band gig 
went to the car show with my family .... \I want you to want me . I need you to need me . I beg you to beg me . I'd love you to love me \"" 
home from band ... :P fell going up the stairs ... twice five seconds inbetween each other ... then decided to open my pop ... not smart ... then i noticed my hand was bleeding ... about 5 minutes after falling .. 
listenin ' to my owl city cd :D 
not much is on my mind right now ... day dreaming every so often .. texting ... listening to music ... 
tired ... finally a school free weekend ... going to borders later ... 
Home now ... :D got 3 new books .. 
my poor < PROPFEMALE > ... hes got a cone on his head :-/ 
today was a good day ... hope even better come the rest of the week 
:D another really good day 
:P listening the music .. nothing new really 
ugh ... i do not feel the best right now ... i don't think i should have eaten the school lunch today ... 
hehe sashas over ! :D spazzing out ... FUN ! 
The Who's performance at half time was amazing ! 
pretty freaked out over the past events at school ... 
just watched the time travelers wife ... that movie was amazing !!! I have a new 2nd favorite actor ! 
happy early valentines day everyone ! 
Again ... Happy Valentines Day everyone ... 
ugh i feel like crud ... 
feeling much better so dont worry everyone ... i will be at school today .... :) 
:D had sooooooooo much fun tonight !!! Wishing everyone a good night and is looking forward to another great night tomarrow ! 
:D another fun performance tonight !!! 
will be leaving for sadly the last performance of honk ! It has been soooomuch fun to perform in ! 
I am soooo happy ... seeing < PROPFEMALE > again for the first time since elementry school really made my day even better :D 
Good Morning Everyone ! I had an amazing day yesterday and am hoping for today to have the same outcome ! 
\Out there somewhere someone's gunna love yah ! \"" 
:) i is happy ... today was a good day ... 
:) today was actually pretty good 
You make me smile :) 
Good morning ! 
:) I've had I Will Follow You Into the Dark by Death Cab for Cutie stuck in my head all day 
went to the store earlier ... had a great time with my parents ... got a few new jeans and shirts :) 
How be everyone ?? Imma good :D 
Good morning ... wow a first ... actually ready about a half hour or so early ! 
just walked my dog around my neighborhood :) wonderful day today ... 
There are somethings in life you never want to here ... especially what < PROPFEMALE > said at lunch ... ah well ... you have to live with them and go with the flow .... 
thank goodness tomorrow is friday ... 
:) school tomorrow ... not sure if i should be nervous , happy . excited to work with the symphony this week :D 
got my hair done today and loves it !!! 
Went around the block and feel amazing ... today will be an excellent day 
holy crud ... today is excellente ... i now own a book that isn't supposed to come out until tuesday !!! :D 
... mom wants me to ask everyone if they have < PROPFIRST > s that are too small or arent ever worn anymore so she can make < PROPFIRST > quilts 
im going to log off for the night and watch a movie of somesort ... those of you who want to talk you know how to reach me ... 
Many good things about daylight savings ... more daylight hours for one .. but what i hate about it is that it depleats an hour of sleep ... 
:) Just made cupcakes .... yummy ones hehe they are green with pink buttercream icing 
:) another good day ... 
ouch ... my back still hurts but other than that it was a good day ... :) 
Auditions were fun :) The fact the suns still out makes me happy 
:) auditions were great fun today .. minus the whole falling part ... thanks < PROPFEMALE > ... lol jk ... but my knee is pretty badly scraped 
just got home ... got my results for what part i am in the play ... it will be fun ... i guess ... 
:) Good morning .... today feels like it will be an amazing day 
gone for a walk ... be back soon 
Good Morning everyone ... 
cleaned my room ... wasn't very fun but at least it was productive ... 
going to rehearsal soon ... :P fun ! 
back home again ... :P 
Good Morning !! Rehearsal again at noon . Yesterday was fun so today should be fun too , right ? lol 
hello hello :) 
:) Watched a movie ... tired though ... spring break went by too fast 
just got home from the lancers hockey game ... fun fun ... :P 
home ... its very nice today :) but not sure what to think about the whole being chased by a beatle ... 
:D i love acting .... :P Its the most thrilling experience in the entire world to be on stage . :) 
hello hello .. today ... was interesting to say the least ... mitosis lab in biology ... then off to drama which is were it kinda got awkward ... ah well .. just acting so its no biggy .... 
:) this play will be great fun ... Im excited for may when we perform it :) 
:) figured everyone would like to know that im home now and can't wait til school tomorrow :) 
:) today was fun lol ... be prepared ... looking forward to seeing the videos from today :D lol 
decided im falling apart ... my shoulder still hurts , my achilles tendon is sore ... 
today was alright ... play practice was alright ... all in alll it was an alright day ... 
i feel like randomly singing ... but don't know what to sing ... 
good morning buenos dias ... ugh im < PROPFEMALE > tired today ... sad that my trombone is broked ... 
just went for a walk ... its extremely nice out ... 
ugh .... I hate the smell of smoke , it makes me sick to my stomach ... no thanks to the person who was smoking in the orchestra pit ... whoever the heck that was .... 
i feel really really bad ... 
home finally from band competion ... 
... just cleaned the entire kitchen ... from the ground up .... literally .... 
according to a ton of people ... im boring today ... i guess i just have a lot of time to think about things right now being shut off from the texting world ... its kinda nice i guess ... 
fell yesterday while walking my dog ... landed on my < PROPFEMALE > so i have a scrape on my < PROPFEMALE > ... 
haha ! i love thunder and lightning storms ! 
my feet r killing me ... regret wearing heels today ... but other than that today went by fairly well ... 
todays just 1 of those days .... 
This week was a fairly good week ... :) 
had an interesting day ... went to the zoo and < PROPMALE > out with a few friends ... some odd conversations ... 
Ha ... my family is in our fireplace room and all of us have our laptops ... and guess what ... we are all online facebook .... 
any1 have a book that i can borrow ? im all out of things to read now .... 
Thank you google for making ninja.com! 
Tonight was beyond words ... most epic performance of a play ever ... 
ha cast party was a lot of fun :) 
just got new amazing headphones that you can hear the bass line without turning the bass line up from a friend of my dads :) 
Band awards were tonight ... lettered , and won 2 awards- most improved freshman as well as best freshman marcher ... tonight was ... pretty good i guess ... 
has had a fairly good day today ... went to menards with my parents and got flowers and mulch and planted flowers today ... then we went to shopko as well and i got a new awesome beatles shirt ... parents also went to a garage sale and got me some pretty cool clothes including a hippie skirt ... yes today has been a good day ... 
watching sections from mind freak on youtube ... criss angel is amazing ! 
just went for a refreshing walk with my dog ... whats sad is that im in better shape than him right now ... 
:) Im offically a sophomore ! 
Evenin ' govena ... hows everyone ? 
Just went to the zoo ... fun fun ! 
Yes ! stormed last night ... was amazing ... good way to brighten up the summer ... oh btw ... my phones broken ... the same way as all 5 of the ones before it ... 
If you like this status , I will post\ 
something on your wall that I like about you . Make this your status if\ 
you want a challenge . 
completely bored ... so i popped in the 4th dvd on the 1st season house and planning on watching the 2nd episode on that 1 ... cuz its my favorite episode on season 1 :) 
went driving with friend of my dads ... wasn't so bad and the most i hit was a curb ... 
my phones fixeded now !! :) 
ha just got a new amazing mad hatter fedora :) I love it !! 
:) 2morrow should be awesome ... ^^ 
Thank you every1 who has wished me a Happy Birthday ! :) I'm going to go test for my permit later on today ... Wish me Luck 2 ! lol ... again I thank all of you :) 
Had a pretty cool birthday- got my permit , ate some yummy chinese food , got some pretty awesome presents ... ( 2 pairs of knee high converses , 2 books ive been wanting , and the eclipse soundtrack ) :) 
\Sleep all day ... Party All Night ... Live Forever .... It's Fun the be a Vampire\ " ^^ " 
Just saw Eclipse and thought it was Fantastic ... :) Only thing I really was disappointed in was that the volvo wasn't silver 
\So many people 
The lock-in last night was pretty awesome ... Epic volleyball fail game ... >.< and a pretty awesome poker match ... 
Just went for a walk to the pond with my dog and < PROPMALE > out there for a few . This made me smile ; a little kid came up to Daryel and I and asked if he could pet Daryel . To my surprise daryel actually let the kid pet him . :) 
is very sore from marching band camp and the volleyball game on saturday . It was fun but they both took a lot out of me . School starts in 8/9 days . 
totally loosing a game of monopoly .... haha fun ... Sonjas here now which is awesome :) 
Where has my summer gone ?! It went by way to fast . Can you believe that school starts in 7/8 days ?!?! Oh well ... Lets hope that this year will become better than it has been so far . We've already have had quite a bit of band drama so far and its only the beginning . Going to the school for drama today with < PROPFEMALE > . :) 
Just got home from going to Arlington , NE with my mom , < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPFEMALE > to see a fellow nurse that my mom works with . Mexican food , and smores so it was fun . 
Went to the zoo today ... Drama tomorrow and then the day after that school starts if your not a freshman ... 
well ... school wasn't the most exciting day in the world . just more of sitting around either reviewing ( spanish ) , taking notes about a very easy concept ( Real < PROPFIRST > ) , 1 last class about going over a syllabus ( geography ) , and then working my butt off in band for being graded on our marching technique and stuff ... 
Today was made into a better day by starting to blast Green Day when I got home while starting to make dinner ... Hurray for 21st Century Breakdown ! 
Well ... today was ... okay to say the least ... 
Just got back from checking out the fair downtown at septemberfest . It was pretty fun though we only went on two rides- the tower and the ferris wheel . Other than that today was exhausting . 
I'm excited ! I just got my homecoming dress yesterday !!! 
I think the best thing about today was drama ... other than that its wasn't the best day in the world . 
Its storms like this that helps my day become better :) Thunderstorms are just awesome like that 
well ... partially okay day ... still not the best but hey ... noth much i can do about it at this point ... 
Cuddy : \Why didn't you tell me that you love me ? \ " House : \ " Because I forgot the V\ " I LoBe House ! " 
Well then ... Another game lost by the Bunnies but i guess today was pretty fun ... 
I just want to say thanks to everyone of my friends who were at the dance tonight . You really made the night awesome . 
Well ... < PROPMALE > is today ... I just hope that it goes well ... that and I have fun ... 
I think I like it on the chair :) 
Well ... Based off of how this episode of House is going ... House is in HUGE trouble . 
I think my favorite show of the night was Papio South ... just think ... And then it would be Bellevue West's ... State was a lot of fun ... I also had a blast spending the night at < PROPFIRST>'s :) 
I feel tonight went fairly well ... 
Yesterday was very overwhelming but I had a good time surrounded with my family . 
Where do we go when we just don't know And how do we relight the flame when it's cold ? Why do we dream when our thoughts mean nothing And when will we learn to control ? 
First chair ftw !! 
Thank you so much < PROPFEMALE > Hillmer and < PROPFEMALE > Hillmer ! You really made my day :) 
Have a < PROPFEMALE > jolly x-mas everyone ! 
state 
Can you tell me which way to the yellow brick road ? I'm so excited for tonight ! 
Its sooo nice outside ! 
HAH ! Red Sox may have won yesterday but Yankees beat them today ! ( Note : yesterday was the ONLY game the Sox won so far this season ) 
“Now , bring me that horizon . ” I love POTC 
One word .... Glee 
Yay ! Sunburn ! ( insert sarcasm here ) 
Best Friday the 13th ever ! Seether ... you were good but seemed upset that Stone Sour got the headliner . Hollywood Undead ... You guys rocked ! Stone Sour ... Well .. I'll just some it up as simply marvelous and superfantastical ! 
Just wanted to make a shout out to all my crazy-wonderful friends and my insane-extraordinary family ! I love you guys !! 
anyone want to go out tonight ? 
Happy Father's Day < PROPMALE > Gepson and < PROPFIRST > Malmberg !!!!! 
Thank you to all my friends that came to the party yesterday ! 
Guess who has her license !!!! 
I had an AWESOME night tonight :) 
Thank you everyone who wished me a Happy Birthday yesterday :) 
If at first you don't succeed , try , try try , again . 
There are no words to explain how I feel right now . Just smiles . 
< PROPFEMALE > . :) 
Had first job interview today at Walgreens ( 90th and Fort ) . I feel pretty darn good about it . I find out if I get the job tomorrow ! 
I don't believe that anybody feels the way I do about you now .... \ 
\ 
There are many things that I would like to say to you but I don't know how .... \ 
( I couldn't decide which one of the two I want to put up ... so I put up both ) 
Today has been interseting to say the very least . 
Soooo ... Sadface . I have found that Talk like a Pirate day is on a B day ... 
Can you imagine no love , pride , deep-fried chicken\ 
Your best friend always sticking up for you\ 
Even when I know you're wrong ? \ 
Can you imagine no first dance , freeze-dried romance\ 
Five-hour phone conversation\ 
The best soy latte that you ever had , and me ? 
I miss you ... 
