Had a very special day Monday . A very wonderful girl I went to school with but hadn't spoken to in years invited me out to lunch . Still can't believe it ... I've pinched my arm so much it's starting to bleed . Just hope it ain't another 15 years before I see her again . Where's Kristi ... she's always got great advice for these situations . 

OK , I've officially started writing chapter 1104 of my life story . Be sure to reserve your copies today ! Not only is it going to be a best-selling novel , it's also a combination paperweight , foot stool , booster seat , and add a little gasoline and you'll have the perfect fire-starter . You'll never need another book ! 
Well , I must return to \cow town\ " this afternoon . I will miss everyone and will try to stay in touch and check in whenever I can . This was a very special visit this time . I should be back in Huntington before the end of the month . " 
has been smoke-free for nearly two weeks now , thanks in part to < PROPFEMALE>'s smoking-cessation program . I can't disclose many details , but I will say that I haven't sustained any injuries or ass-whippings yet . 
just finished first full day of work at new job ! I can't remember the last time I felt this tired ... in a good kinda way . 
does not feel like going out and facing the world today . Maybe working 9-close will keep me busy enough today to get my mind off things . 
Does anyone know if there's a word for \irrational fear of ducks\ " ? Long story ... I had a very disturbing dream last night . " 
Feeling so much better about my job ! Went in today half-way hungover and marched into mgrs . office and \reminded\ " him that my 30 day evaluation is past due . He said \ " evaluation hell ... you've proven yourself ... your raise will be on this check or the next . \ " Totally made my day !!!! " 
OK first , and seriously , I apologize to the few friends , ex-girlfriend , and possible strangers I may have annoyed more than usual the past couple of nights . Secondly , and on a lighter note , I am currently rigging up a breathalizer machine to my computer's power supply ... ha ! Really ... gonna behave better , I promise ! 
hope work really flies by today . My #1 fan and love of my life is coming over to stay with her daddy this weekend . Never thought I'd be so looking forward to dolls , Spongebob , and chocolate milk , but I can't wait ! 
finally feeling better ... rhinovirus my a ** . I think they should call it \hiroshima-virus\ " ... or even \ " mad elephant flu\ " is more fitting . " 
thinks I need to find a new hobby . My friend and I nearly got fried and set fire to a small storage building with a \homemade-modified\ " Tesla coil . Maybe I should just stick with cooking \ " der goord spaghit \"!" 
I was abducted by hippies Wednesday morning . It's been a good thing ; I needed a break in the routine of work and sleep ... slowly coming back to reality now . 
really wish I had a good functioning mountain bike ... payday + 1.5 days off !! I should be pedaling to Beech Fork !! 
I'll attempt the ' ole tesla coil again today . If you're in the Highlawn/East End area and your lights flicker tomorrow afternoon you'll know I'm laughing like a mad scientist somewhere ... hahaha ! 
Day started out great . Got to spend a lot of time with my girlfriend and go out to eat , but eventually ended up getting called in to work on my day off : P but I can't complain ' bout the first half ... work couldn't take the smile off my face ! 
Enjoying my day off . Did my good deed for the day and cut my sister and bro-in-law's lawn . Mom had to go to hospital this morning over a cat bight !! I've heard of cat scratch fever , but this is crazy . They're actually keeping her there for observation right now . Don't know if she'll be staying or coming home tonight . Family can call me for any more details . Probably gonna go see her in a few . 
Thank you !! Everyone ... bestest friends & family for the birthday wishes !! I'm sure this bash will spill out into next week ... but all's good here in wavy-land !! 
First time on fb in over a month . All's good here ... working 7 days a week ... getting things accomplished though : ) 
just spent an eventful week dealing with a couple troublesome kidney stones ... hopefully it's over now . I've tried to find some humor in my situation . As my late mentor ( god rest his soul ) < PROPMALE > de < PROPFEMALE > once said \you don't know what pain is ! \"" 
