Here's hoping all my friends are ok and not freaked out from the 3.2 magnitude earthquake centered in Murphy , NC . 

< PROPFEMALE > Christmas Everyone !!!!! 
I'm so thankful for my lovely wife and kids . We have made it through another year and know there are greater things to come for us in the upcoming year . 
Here's wishing a safe and happy New Year to my family and friends . May God send special blessings upon each and every one . 
NFC South division champs & the road to the Superbowl goes through the Dirty South !!!!! Falcons #1 !!!!! 
Just when the kids are getting back into school and I have my quiet time .... they get released earlier because it's supposed to snow ! Geez , and I was so getting used to the house being quiet during the day . 
It's snowing here in Dahonega , but sad cause I had big plans to implement with the basketball team tonight . Now I get no more practices for the rest of the basketball season . :( 
Just found out that the wifey is able to leave work early to get home . That is a relief as it's going to get real bad tonight and she was supposed to leave at 9 tonight . 
Just recently went to the doctor with my wife and this just in .... we will be having a baby boy on Sept 16th !!!!!!! 
FYI EVERYONE- There's a site called spokeo.com and it's an online phone book that has a picture of your house , credit score , profession , age , how many people live in the house . Remove yourself by the Privacy button on the bottom right . ( passing along , scary stuff ! ) CUT PASTE AND REPOST !!! Verify by looking up your own name . SCARY 
Here is my gift to all my friends and family on Facebook . Since it's my birthday , take the day off . My treat !!!!! 
As requested by my FFL Chrissie's FB \ 
friend's daughter : AUDRIN < PROPMALE > . Hold the family up in prayer today . \ 
Her 2 year old daughter was just diagnosed with Stage 4 cancer . If \ 
you see this post , even though you don't know her , please post to \ 
your profile for 1 hour and say a prayer for the little girl . God \ 
bless you for do ... ing it ! ( How could any mom/dad NOT repost ? ) 
Starting to realize our baby boy will be here soon . Angel has been having contractions every 2 hours and 25 mins apart . Wait , getting anxious is more like it ... 
Contractions with Angel slowed down in intensity after she took a hot bath last night . No baby Jayden yet . We continue to wait .... 
Contactions have come down to 10 mins apart . This looks like it will be the real deal !!!! Is it about time to call the doctor ? 
Walking around making laps around the store . No baby yet , but hoping the walking will speed things up 
Angel is at the hospital getting checked out . Stay tuned ..... more to come 
Here's the update so far on the possible birth of baby Jayden : Angel is dilated to a 3 and cervix is 60% thinned . They are trying to stop the contractions , but it looks like it's not working . Any takers on a possible birth very soon ? 
Angel is being sent home , but if the contractions get strong again , we are coming back ... and we wait again 
Back at the hospital again . Strong contractions and trying to stop labor again . It looks like God is going to keep this baby coming . 
Finished at the perinatilist . Baby Jayden looks great and is fully developed , so the doc said if the contractions keep going , there is no need to stop them anymore . So , hopefully , Jayden will be here soon . 
Well , we have made it to 36 weeks and no baby yet . My original vote was for Jayden to be born within the next week . The baby has dropped quite a bit . So we still wait for our newborn son ..... 
Angel and I have been at the hospital since 1 am with contractions that she finally couldn't handle . Tried to stop contractions , yet again , and it failed . She ha thinned out some more . Stay tuned .... oh yeah , full < PROPFEMALE > is on Tuesday 
STILL trying to stop her contractions .... really irritated . Just let her have the baby already !!!! 
We are back in the hospital and this time it is time !!!! Angel is in active labor this morning !!!! Baby will be born today !!!! 
< PROPMALE > will be buying the Krispy Kreme donuts !! 
Changeyour Facebook profile picture to a \ 
cartoon from your childhood andinvite your friends to do the same . \ 
Until Monday ( Dec . 6 ) , there shouldbe no human faces on Facebook , \ 
but an invasion of memories . This is acampaign to denounce violence \ 
against children ....... 
#7 ever since you came into my life 11 years ago , I knew you were special . We have had tough times , good times and bad tines , but we have made it through it all stronger than ever . I love you very much !!! 
The Dirty Birds in the A-T-L are playoff bound !!! Next step , homefield advantage through the playoffs !!!! 
Tomorrow is our night Dirty Birds !!!! Let's \Rise Up\ " and \ " Defend the Dome \"!!!!!!" 
Thanks Atlanta Falcons for a great season . It didn't end the way we wanted , but we are headed in the right direction . We live to fight another day . We will RISE UP again ... 
Someone please explain to me how is it I'm less than an hour away from Atlanta and I can hear < PROPFEMALE > stations better than I can hear some Atlanta stations !!! 
So , my baby boy just ate his oatmeal AND half of a banana . Any takers to come and clean his dirty diaper when he poops ? 
