Well , after all the sleep I got last night , I should be more then ready for work tonight . Hope everyone had a nice time at the guild house . 

OMG , the 21st is gonna be a fun day for me . Anit nothing like having a party for a person coming back from Iraq .......... 
Damn , so wanna stay home tomorrow , but I also wanna get out the house ...... Should I even test my Luck . 
BTW , whatever weatherman is playing with him computer to give me and the crew false hope of much needed rain , I have something for you .......... Steel Toe Nut Check ! 
Bring it games of Facebook , I need more additions to my hidden list !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
! @#$%^&*() , just got done smashing my knuckle into a wall moving a table ........ at least it's not looking to bad off at the moment . 
Damn , I feel like a rock slide hit me ....... oh wait , that was < PROPFIRST > and Chip . 
List of thing to do .... \ 
1 . Get someone to take afew darn pictures of me(for some reason , I haven't been photographed well in almost 4 years)\ 
2 . Buy Beer for Saturday\ 
3 . Put money aside for the\Radiator Replacement fund \"" 
Ever have one of those moments where you just don't feel like doing anything but having a beer and forgetting the day . 
OK , let's see how much work tries to kill me today ....... Hopefully they got rid of more mulch early so that I can get some carts pushed up . 
Well , After reviewing my list from the other day ..... I've got 3 out of 4 things done , and one I still need someone to send me the pictures still . Guess I've got something going in the right direction . 
Damn , Having my Indy moment of the week , lost my Damn Black Cadet Hat !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Laundry , Warcraft , and a nice cold Guinness ................. Not a bad way to use my day off . ( Still can't find my Hat though !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ) 
This is odd , work was not too bad on the physical activities for me today , yet when I left I almost didn't make it home because of the many time my eye's closed on the way back to Cornersville .............. This doesn't look good . 
Friday , the day that most people enjoy ..... unless you work at walmart ! 
Who will I help today ........... at least I'm not thinking that for work sake for once . 
Refusing to go down , I can still fight .......... I may have only had 3 hours of sleep , and had a wet , hard day at work ........ BUT I WILL NOT GIVE IN TILL I HAVE MY DINNER AND MY WARCRAFT TONIGHT ! 
\The best way to walk into the abyss is with a smile and a laugh\ " It's gonna be a real fun day at work . " 
synced their Myspace account to Facebook http://lnk.ms/0WBg6 
OMG , I so hate Mulch !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Ain't nothing like having a relatively light day ruined in the last hour before ya leave because ya have no help and ya gotta load 50 bags of Mulch . 
Anyone got some tea , people at my house are dropping like flies . 
Ok , either something better turning around , or I may need a private suit up at Vandy . 
Ok , anyone know where to find a good drink ... 
5 days till I hit 27 and still trying to figure out what I'm gonna do all day Sunday ...... man I'm slipping . 
Darn , just when I seem to be feeling better , it all creeps back in ....... at least I'm making some progress .... Life doesn't suck as much , work is ok , and my friends are all there when I need a kinda ear ... 
Crap , I really don't like it when I plan things in advance and then I have 2 guys get canned . I really feel sorry for Wendel and Mike ...... It's gonna be a long weekend . 
ok , let's get this day over with so I can enjoy these next few days off ....... B-day on Sunday folks , so I'll be out with family eating in the afternoon . 
Why must the day before ya take 3 or more days off be so hard and/or annoying ? 
Well , if this was the day I wasn't looking forward too out of my 3 days off , it went better then I though it would ....... now to see how my Birthday tomorrow will pan out . 
< PROPMALE > everyone . To my Walmart Friends , cake will be late today . \ 
To the Guild House Gang , I hope ya like my friend from Lynchburg , Because he's on the way after I eat and drop off my cake 
Final day off , time to pull everything out of it I can . 
Before I go to work tomorrow , I would like to thank my family , my work friends , < PROPFIRST > Watts , and the Guild House crew for a great Birthday and 3 day weekend . May there be many more like this one . 
Well , starting way too early this morning , guess Insomnia is trying to tell me it's gonna be a long day . 
Family , some times ya love them , some times ya wanna kill them . 
Ok , about to hit a 9 hour shift ........ first thing on my mind ....... Where's my Tea ! 
Ok , every time I think life is getting better or can't get any worst ........ I get slammed again by life . \ 
Goodbye , < PROPFEMALE > Hall(Warlockniki)\ 
R . I . P 
LindsayLohan , \ 
24 , is all over the news because she's a celebrity drug addict . While \ 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > 23 , < PROPFIRST > Linley 29 , < PROPFIRST > Weikert 29 , Justus Bartett 27 , \ 
< PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > 21 , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 21 , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 26 , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 21 , \ 
< PROPMALE > Fisher 24 , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 23 , < PROPFIRST > Goeke 23 , ... and Sheldon\ 
Tate 27 are all Marines . that gave their lives this week , with no \ 
media mention . Honor THEM by reposting . 
Lord , Thank You for the blessed weather and the easy day at work ...... after everything that I have had to deal with , I needed that . 
Message of the week : Life tosses a left/right combo , you should counter with a right jab and a left uppercut and go take a well earned rest . 
PAYDAY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Oh boy , can't wait to get started tonight ...... I got the special Foster/Herkimer Cheese Dip started ! 
Well , after Friday night , I'm feeling abit better going into work today . Nothing like a party and some time with friends to recharge the batteries . 
Well , I thought last night was gonna be ok weather wise , I was wrong ! 
\How long do you think you can hold back some with a will like mine ? \ " \ 
Well , it's another day of slowly grinding myself into dust ........ BRING IT ! 
\Where's me Mallet ! \"" 
Sometimes I think this is the most annoying day of the week for me . don't do much more then laundry and WoW . 
Gotta love routine computer work ........... My Family always seems to keep me busy with all the stuff they track on these computers ! 
Well , guess I care abit more then I should ....... don't have to be at work till 3pm and I'm leaving soon to be at a work related meeting(which is optional ) . Yep , don't understand myself sometimes . 
Ok , it's not cool when you wake of hot and it's only 60 outside . darn room never cooled off last night . 
WoW Alert ! Patch 4.0 Dropped today , prepare for the usual patch issues , annoying complaints , and messed up changes 
It's gonna be a long evening for me today ........ better get some tea ready . 
OK , I'm gonna need about a day or 2 on WoW just to get my Toons back into the swing ........ guess it's a good thing I've got tomorrow off 
Well , I guess it's time to start my day with World of Warcraft(more like World of Workcraft at this point ) 
Man , Tomorrow can't get here fast enough ! Really wanna get started on my Halloween Costume ! 
\Out of my mind and It's Payday ! Leave a message after the beep \"" 
Getting ready for another day of work ...... First thing to do , Eat me some food . \ 
Second , shower and skip the shave(ya , it's kinda nippy this morning)\ 
Third , find that last marble I lost , because lord knows I'm gonna need it before 6pm tonight . 
Sometimes things you plan into can change up quickly , and last night proved that it's not always for the worst . I actually feel much better today physically , but more importantly , I feel less stressed and somewhat renewed . Thanks guys . 
Ok , I think I may actually be going crazy here , but today has almost gone abit too smooth ........ this is very odd indeed ! 
Do\ 
any of us really know everybody on our Facebook friend list ? Here's a \ 
task for you -I want all my FB friends to comment on this status about \ 
how you met me . After you comment , copy this to your status so I can do \ 
the same to you . You will be amazed at the responses you get . 
Well , I'm gonna enjoy being off today .... very few people can say its there sister's birthday as well as a old school mate and a friend from the hood . Happy Birthday guy and gals . 
Can someone find out where my mind went ....... it must have gotten loose when I left my window open last night with a fan in it ! 
Need to find myself some extra time to enjoy what is left of the calm time at work ........ holidays are coming ! (3 months of retail hell ) 
Well , dogs are fed , food is cooked , and my caddy is ready for some use . Time to go < PROPFEMALE > with Watts and < PROPFIRST > for a few hours . 
OK , Need to find that nice quote of the day to get myself going ...... Just can't come up with one at the moment . Hope it's not too bad of a day , because I'm really sure I wanna come home and have some fun . 
OK , after everything that went wrong at work today , I need more then a good nights rest ..... I'll catch ya'll tomorrow 
Please\ 
say a prayer for \Darkhorse\ " 3rd Battalion 5th Marines and their \ 
Well , the Armor was dented and the soul was tested almost to the breaking point , but I can say one thing about today already .................... Bring It On ! 
OK , I take yesterdays comment back , you can keep it today ....... Broken bay doors and reflaring up my back is not quite what I expected . 
Time to prepare for work , hopefully I will be able to keep myself going , but it won't be easy this time around . 
< PROPMALE > lord for the extra will and pain endurance to get though last night . I think it's a good day to just stay home and let my body recover . ( and yes , my back is starting to feel somewhat better , ice and sleep are proving the best medicine on this one . ) 
Man , laundry is going extra slow tonight(lot of cloths and not getting the stuff moving fast because I'm split 4 ways at the moment ) . On the plus side ...... still making some progress on the back . Haven't had any < PROPMALE > pain most of the day and I think that I've managed to get the one very bad spot to calm down . \ 
let's just hope it keeps going like this , Because I really don't like letting my guys down . 
Well , I think last night was lighter then I expected , but it was still memorable for everything that happened and everyone who attended(costumes were very well done ) . Thanks again guys for a nice evening . 
There's nothing more annoying then a 4 hour closing shift at walmart ......... but at least I don't have to worry about freezing tonight , the GM bay will be running hot before I leave . ( possible even before I get there if < PROPFIRST > is working ) 
Out for the evening , getting up early tomorrow to hit the polls . hope everyone take the time to vote tomorrow if you haven't already done so . 
OK . time to stop slacking everyone , get out and vote ! 
It is done ...... now off to work I shall go . Remember , vote today people . 
\Do not waste my time Lesser Creature ! \ " \ 
Well , burning that midnight oil tonight , guess I'm not tired at all(may be all the excitement yesterday ) . Oh well , Laundry .... here I come ! 
Well , I'm looking at a wonderful day for working as a Cartpusher .... not ! Guess my coveralls and steel toe rubber boots are getting used today 
Well , it wasn't as bad as I thought it would be , but it was chilly today ! 
Well , it's time to get ready for work . Everyone get ready for tonight , because it's gonna be cold ! 
OK , it's official ...... today is just to boring ! I need something to do without J.O.Y boy around . 
Alright , time for bed ..... remember to set your clocks back tonight ! 
OK , I thought part of me setting back my clock last night was so I would be able to avoid getting up too early ...... and then I wake up 5 hours after going to bed . So much for planning this one out . 
Man , tired and still trying to figure out why I'm not doing things I would normally do . \ 
It's been a strange past few weeks for me ! 
OK , time to make some progress on this ! Anyone who knows me in RL(real life ) , if you see me , Fire off a picture or 2 ..... just don't have many recent pictures of myself(work pictures would be nice ) . 
OK , I'm beginning to think a small heater would be nice around my right ankle after how things happened at work today ! 
........... my Fallout 3 disc just died ! (this would be a good time to find cover ) 
Well , the money moves fast on this end . At least I have fresh oil under the hood and some better tires on the back end . 
Anyone know any good bands I haven't listened to lately ? (any no my local friends , I am talking about big name guys at the moment ..... I still like your stuff ) 
OK , time for work . I'll try to find some nice music video's or something interesting later ! 
Fog tonight was a real issue on the way home(had a few points where I had almost zero visibility ) . Glad to be home and safe . 
OK folks , wish I could keep myself going a bit longer , but I'm actually super tired for some odd reason . Night 
Wish I could find the time and energy to play WoW , starting to thing I may be sick or something . 
\And for one last instance 
OK , I feel like someone put my head in a vice and started turning the rod ..... I hate wet weather ! 
OK , it's been awhile since I did one of these , but here we go . \ 
\ 
\The most beautiful thing anyone has in the world is whats inside them \"" 
OK , Sister and friend got harassed while headed to the local Dollar General in Corn-town ...... There be some lucky SOB's driving around at the moment , because I didn't find out till they got home with mom . 
Man , I knew last night was gonna be taxing , but wasn't expecting to sleep most of the day , feel like I got hit by a bus , and do almost nothing all day but rest . Even with all that , last night was fun(Pulaski Walmart Basketball Team won by the way ) 
Ugh , anyone get the plate off the bus that ran me over last night ! I almost feel like calling in today . ( almost ! ) 
OK , I've survived up to this point , now to rest , relax , purge the stress , and take care of some stuff over the next 2 days I'm off . ( Reminder : Thursday I will not be in direct contact \even by cell phone\ " . I will see whoever I can during the day after 8:15 am ) " 
Well , today was somewhat of a adventure .... hit P town for shampoo(because Lewisburg walmart doesn't < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE>'s ) , then shot into lewisburg to finish do some more shopping around town(ya , Xmas Presents ) , then on the way back home I almost run over a little fluff ball turning onto my street(guess I have a new cat to deal with ) ... yep , it's been a interesting day ! 
Well , I took care of my business this morning(and I feel better for it ) , Special Thank You for the Pedigo's for the meal and taking the time to let a guest in on Thanksgiving . I wish everyone else a Happy Thanksgiving and a wonderful day ! 
OK Everyone , time to hit the hay ..... Please don't forget that Walmart will be a zoo tomorrow(I'd avoid going out tomorrow if you can , not worth the trouble ... really ! ) 
Well , going to start working toward the pillow here shortly , but before I do , I want everyone to know that this upcoming month(December ) is a great time to help others . Please support The Salvation Army , The Red Cross(yes , Blood is also a great gift ) , and Toys for Tots(yeah , I have a reason to brush up on my claw machine skills ) 
OK , things that make people run like hell ..... \ 
1 . Lynch Mobs\ 
2 . Natural Disasters \ 
3 . Waking up the same time you should be leaving for work .... 
OK , nothing is quite as hard to deal with as having your pants soaked to the waistline and working outside with chilly wind most of the night . I think my legs are finally starting to look white again . 
Well , ain't this interesting , I actually slept more then 8 hours last night for once . 
Hell hath finally frozen over ! 
OK , time to do something this morning .... been up since 9am and haven't done a thing . 
Well , I feel lovely today(not ) . I'm sure the customers will come in slow and be careful , nice , respectful(not ) . Today should be much better then yesterday(who am I trying to kid here ? ) 
Well , I have to say ........ sometimes I manage to impress myself with how I manage to make it home on next to no fuel in the tank(I'm stuck at the house till Thursday morning ) 
OK , First thing on my \To Do list\ " \ 
Time to go to work and Feast ! 
Christmas : The day of presents , family , and food ....... \ 
Christmas : The day we honor the lord by remembering the meaning of giving , and what it really means to be a good person . 
OK , either my sinuses are kicking in or it's about to be a long few days of being sick on this end . Either way this doesn't look good ! 
OK , don't know whats worse ... Feeling like I'm coming down with something , trying to find people that I actually know in the sea of people in that section of my FB , or dealing with this fuzzball named < PROPFIRST > that doen't wanna let me type(pushy , persistant little kitten ) 
Well , I'm awake and can half way think today ....... Guess I'll be trying to work at least(really don't feel like it but as long as I'm hurling or running a temp , might as well try ) 
Starting to look like I'm not the only one in the family that is sick(Sister and Nephew down ) , and Corntown is looking abit white at the moment .... 
Ya know , I really find it annoying that I have to spend 10 minutes checking the\People You May Know\ " section only to find 2 or 3 people a day .. \ 
Well , sad to say this , but it's come down to this ........... Hell has finally frozen over ! 
From the looks of facebook at the moment , things outside are going polar . Please be careful my friends still at #238 , any my friends outside of work , Please stay off the roads . Just not worth it tonight . 
Well , Guess it's about time to gather up some sanity , hit the shower , and get ready for another round at work tonight . Why must people be so angry , rude , and crazy this time of year ? It's the happiest time of the year people , get into the spirit and stop going off at people who are trying to help you enjoy it . 
Well , guess it's time to get started working on this tower today(may actually be the only time I get before Christmas ) 
OK , when ya need someone to hold a cat just so you can type something on FB or a search site , it's proof that the cat is\Annoyingly Lovable \"" 
Some people try too hard to be what everyone want's them to be , others try too hard to be someone else , but only the people who to be themselves find true meaning in their lives . 
Needs a drink , a ice pack , and a vacation ! (4 more days till my last day on the lot ) 
OK , did someone get the plate number of the bus that ran over me last night ? (yep , definitely worn out today ) 
I can't explain it , but for some reason I just don't feel like myself tonight . 
OK , other then laundry I'm out of ideas for things to do . ( not playing WoW till Christmas Day , and don't feel like playing the Xbox ) I guess I'll have to find something to work on here at the house . 
Well , I have 2 options this morning ..... wait till 7pm to leave for work or take off early and try to get some shopping done before everyone in Giles County comes to Walmart . ( I think leaving early is the plan ) 
Today was not bad at all . Had some fun , retired a vest(stockman style ) , took some pictures(didn't get a good one of one guy , but had fun trying all damn day ) , and got a card . It was a fun last day on the lot . 
Time to chill and enjoy 2 of my favorite things in the world .......... Guinness and Music ! Marry Christmas Everyone ! 
Scary , it's actually snowing on Christmas in Tennessee ! Guess it took a holiday after 93 
How to stay awake for another 3+ hours .......... Warcraft ! 
OK , on hour 22 , good time to hit the sack ! Take it easy everyone 
OK , I'm up , I'm up already ! 
OK , time again to head to work . ( and yes , I'm definitely setup on sleep this time ) Have a great night everyone . 
OK , for some strange reason , I actually have been halfway successful in doing nothing today . ( if only everyone knew how hard that is for me)Now if only I could enjoy my day off while not doing anything ..... 
Time for another day on doing mostly nothing . ( Plan on feeding the dogs here in a minute , elsewise I have no plans)Guess I just like work too much ! 
Well , Guess I'm gonna have to make some time to go out before work tomorrow . Take it easy everyone . 
< PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > for the this one ! \ 
Dear 2010 , piss off you was BY FAR the worst year of my life , so here's hoping you die a slow and painful death and that 2011 will be the best to date ... muahahaha 
Man , I hate having 2 days off in a row . \What good is a day off if ya have nothing worth doing with it \"" 
I think I'm slowly starting to crack , I'm running out of things to do while not at work . ( seriously thinking about asking for my days off to be split up again ) 
............... I hate the government , too much red tape ! 
OK , starting to miss my debit card already ...... had to wait till 9am this morning to get money for tonight . 
Hmmmm , think I need to find some spare time this week for myself . 
Caddy Down ! taking cover at the game house till I can get back to my caddy on 31A or get a ride out of Pulaski . 
Well , the weather was a blast , but lord knows I really am glad to be home ! (Still have to recover my crippled Caddy , but she will be ok till we get a trailer ) 
..... Well , looks like I gotta wait another day to get my car back home ! 
OK , had someone ask me what I would take cash wise for my broken War Wagon(caddy ) , all they got for a answer was \The Evil Look \"" 
What a week ! 
......... fun night at work ! 
Someone go get me a flamethrower !!!!!!! 
OK , it's been a interesting end of my night , time for some rest ! 
BRIGHT LIGHT ! 
+3 weeks and still got it baby !!!! Can't take the cartpusher out of ya after 3 years , 8 months and 21 days 
OK , this just bugs me ............ I can't find my hat ! 
Ok , it's been one of those interesting end of work/ heading home mornings(Mom's car got a oil change and my caddy should be on the way to the shop ) . I'm gonna hate waking up later on this evening for sure ! 
holy crap I seriously slept till 7:30 this evening ....... guess I'm gonna have to force myself to sleep tonight for sure ! 
needs a drink(washer just died and I still got 3 loads to do ! ) 
Goodnight Everyone(and my tomorrow be a very nice day .... ) 
Hmmmmm , what to do today .............. 
I got a feeling I'm not gonna wait on the vacation this year(I'm gonna have a hard enough time making it to April as it is ) 
OK , I was expecting more ........... 
Day 5 of my work week(it's been too long ) . now for the really hard part of the week !!!! 2 days off ! 
WOW ! Last night went from FUBAR to Epic Rebound in less then 2 hours ...... Something tells me that I should just let this go unanswered ! 
Beware , < PROPFIRST > comes again with more winter fun ! 
Multitasking : The < PROPMALE > of doing more then one thing at a time while getting them done . \ 
Example : Worked on 2 computers , 4 loads of Laundry , cooked myself 2 meals , and managed to get done in time for a nap before I have to get up later . \ 
LONG NIGHT TONIGHT ! 
OK , hope everyone has a great night , take it easy ! 
Today was fun(with a capital FU ) 
Need to get me some spare change for tonight ...... hehehehe ! 
\All battles look hopeless if no one is willing to try and fight them . \"" 
OK , it's always a bad sign when you go out shopping and you forget the one thing someone asked you to get for them ! I think I should have just tried to get another hour of sleep today . 
Ouch , glad that pain is over ......... My haircut has been completed(and it beyond summer cut level ) 
Holding off on headed out this evening till 9pm . Will be evaluating my driving situation at 8:50 pm and make a decision at that point as to leaving Cornersville . 
Man it's gonna be a long night for me . Snowed in , can't go do anything outside the house , waiting to see if I can go to out tomorrow ....... ( anyone remember this story from somewhere ! ) 
Tomorrow there's alot going on ..... but the main thing that I'm glad about is my Caddy should be ready to roll by the time I wake up(WAR WAGON ! ) 
Caddy is Fixed ! 
Tonoght was a blessed night , special thanks to Jereimah Christian < PROPMALE > and The Man Upstairts for the salvation of one an from a slow demise ..... 
Hmmmm , not every day I wake up feeling renewed .. 
Happy Valentines Day everyone ..... now to work on getting some rest ! 
Well , I guess I'm gonna have to push the depro today . Working on rebuilding 2 towers at the moment(ya , 3 PC Towers worth of parts and the goal being 2 working PC's ) 
OK , yesterday's computer work had to be put on hold untill further notice(had the only power supply that could keep up with the extra hardware take a fall)\ 
gonna have limited computer use for at most a week(if i let it last that long ... ) 
Money : Here today , gone before the day is over ! 
........ Need my power supply soon , not having my normal computer up and running is really making it hard to do research . 
Well Murphy's law , did ya enjoy the payback last night !!! 
Awake at 6am on a Tuesday ....... this is not good(I see much sleep depro in my future tomorrow night ) 
Sleep ...... my lost pal , where have you been ! (night everyone ) 
Basketball practice was productive , I think I found those hard to work areas last night before work .... ouch ! 
OK , I think I'm losing it ....... everything right for once ! 
Slowly making progress on the PC tower ..... gotta get some stuff reinstalled and pull off afew scans , but my week long computer issue should be over soon . 
......... Why must people test me so ......... 
\Looking into the future is very hard when all you see is the past in front of you\ " \ 
I'm up and wishing for a quick end to this day ..... sadly , it looks like it will be a long one . 
Needs 4/3/11 to get here faster ! 
Well , after the way this last computer job has gone , I think my next computer project is gonna be a brand new build(less < PROPMALE > of problems and more rewarding ) 
April 3rd can't get here fast enough ! Got alot of things centered around that date , and some of those things have been put off way too long . 
Well , gout decided to pay me a visit again ..... guess tonight is gonna be a long night at work . 
Anyone know what time it is .............. it's time to get afew things out the way before bed ! 
OK up and running again , time to get some more stuff out the way(it may be a long night , but I'm off tomorrow and enjoying it with my favorite meal of the year ) 
WOW ! I been off FB and this computer for days now(Darn Fallout : New Vegas ) 
Anyone got a idea where I can find my luck , it seems to have run away again .. 
MURPHY !!!!! Leave my Caddy ALONE ! 
Well , today has had more twists and turns then a bag or Pretzels ... 
Well , Caddy should be ready to come back to the house shortly(2 new engine brackets this time ) . I really need to find my missing luck ..... 
Haven't felt like this since I left the lot ..... I think I need a new body ! 
Well , at some point I'll have some time to do something fun on this thing , but today is not the day ......... Good Night Everyone(or morning for you non 3rd shift people out there ) 
