Tryna enjoy my last day N chicago . Tomorrow i go back home . Then after tomorrow skool start . 

Life is like an endless rollercoaster . A coaster of dreams and tribulations . U never kno wut 2 expect . The only thing you may kno going into this coaster of dreams is that wut ever happens , happens for a reason . With this knowledge comes great truth . I kno this to be self-evident more than ever now . Only 1 thing 2 say and that is 2 stay true 2 urself , family and God . With this you are sure never to fail . 
Just glad to be with the fam on Thanksgiving . I hope everyone has a good Thanksgiving , eat good not too much tho , but within reason . 
Just chillin tryna enjoy dis friday , and dis weekend 
is Chillin wit the fam , enjoying his weekend 
Many wonder wut lies behind the door of dreams . Cud it be happiness , pleasure , hate or love . Hmmm .... i wonder . Truth is U will never kno until it happens , and sometimes thats the best thing to do . No need to rush it . For < PROPFEMALE > it happens , it will hit u lik a brick , and before u kno it all that will be left is a flash . A flash of memories , priceless . Both good and bad . 
I lov you with all my heart , you show me my cue , I give you the start , we both ride and abide , like mines , explosive yet like rhymes , better yet vines . We stay together strong and intertwined , yo my pony and I ride , you my < PROPFEMALE > I'm your Cliyde . Yeah we tight , we fly like a kite . All I kno is with you by my side , I hav a since of pride . Lol ... naw seriously tho , I am an arrow and U r my bow we just flow . 
Ready to take this ACT 
Stay positive do U and stop worryiN bout wut every1 else think of U . As long as U stay true 2 yourself , U r sure never 2 fail . 
ready fo this upcomiN week of finals to be over wit !!!!! 
ready for these last few days of finals to be over and done wit !!!!!!! 
Life's trials and tribulations are 2morrow's stories . These stories will forever make us . Us being U Nd I , and the future , our future . Our future generation . 
Just wanna say Happy New Years 2 everybody hope yaw have fun I kno I am shit lol .. Be safe tho .! 
FeeliN gud .. real gud right about now 
Is it really that hard 2 keep it 1hunded .. 
Show me somebody that can keep it 1hunded N I'll show U real 
Ready to start skool and take this ACT 
Goin to head out to the mills 
Ready fo skool tomorrow , not ready or happy about getting up at six tho . But its cool i guess 
GettiN ready to go work out 
Just came back from the game . Nd of course we smashed < PROPMALE > . My boi denzel was strait dropping them hammers . < PROPFIRST > 2 . 
damn it feels good to have no skool 
Just woke up , got to go shovel all that snow 
Bout to get this tat 
Pain is weakness leaviN the Body 
LHH ... Hangover is the funniest movie ever 
Now let me start by sayN I dnt lik dis beat , but I weather the storm im a lightNiN streak ugh .. weezy F baby i do it big weigh me , those crazy freakN b ... tryna surf do so lay me , got some new b ... trail got em laughN the 1 that gav me head cud suck the nail out a casket 
Bout to go to sprint N fix my phone 
Man feel this ... this pain . Can U feel it ? If so wut do U see ? Exactly my point U cnt , U cnt feel this .... nor imagine it . 
My soul purpose is to please , thats wut I do , up N down round N round im ur man , I make it right , i get it wet . the 1st course is the best , thats the tease . Ill lick it to its wet , then the man course . Lol .. 
No school , feels good . but I still got 2 go to work . But its all good . might hit up the mall , but other than that , Im gon chill wit the fam . 
New Orleans baby all the way !!!! Saints all day !!! Who dat who DAT !!!! 
Times is ruff fo ya boi !!!! But I keep my head up , mind 2 the sky , focused not on today but tomorrow . Id be kiddN if i just said tomorrow , lol .... mannn im focused on my future . I got to much to live up 2 . Word of advice man each day is a blessN dnt linger to todays worries N pains , tomorrows is always a new day , remember that . Stay focused on the task at hand . The sky is the limit , N I mean that !!!!! 
What is this , and why does it feel so right ? I just dnt kno , or maybe I do and I just cant explain it . I do kno this , and thats that im happy . I did something thats right for me ..... 
Today was good . Im happy .... all smiles !!!! 
The basketball team didnt win today , they came close but they just didnt bring it home . Keep yaw heads up bra . 
I recall < PROPFEMALE > we first met , a long time ago how cud I forget , the way i felt < PROPFEMALE > I first laid eyes on you , I remember sayN to my friends there is my future wife and then , I took the step to meet someone who wud change my life . 
Now let me start by sayN I dnt like this beat but i weather the storm im a lightN streak , ugh ... Weezy F baby i do it big weigh me , dem crazy f .... bitches tryna surf da sa lay me , got some new bitches trail got em laughN the one that gave me head cud suck a nail out a casket !!! 
She drive me crazy always on my mind ..... 
My mind is made up , i kno wut I must do . The time is now , esp now that there is no turning back 
Yeah baby like i said hell yeah !!!!! Saints All Day Baby !!!! Who Dat Nation where yaw at baby ..... Iknow this all yaw better have my money on Monday , lol .... WHO DAT < WHO DAT !!!!!!! 
Why U worried about me doin me ...? While U worried bout me , U losN track of wuts up wit U !! Bra get off my case ... 
Had a fuckN ball last night . Me , < PROPMALE > Robinson .... Derrell Wilcox ... and < PROPFIRST > Mosley . Dem niggas funny as hell .... like my boi < PROPMALE > said bra we was WILD'IN out !!!!! Big Time 
Life is what U make it , live it to the fullest . U never know when it can be cut short . Stay positive , keep yo head up high , high up N the sky . For there is no limit to the sky , the sky is endless . I like those odds . 
Man its gloomy bra , but keep yo head up 
Man im so fuckiN tired of this shit . Ridiculuos ass shit ...!!!!! Its the same every day , nothing changes . I cnt take this no more , im done ...!!!! 
Had a fuckN ball at the Ameristar , my boi Big < PROPFIRST > a fool ...!!!!! We def did it right , lol ... 
Im the pussy bandit ...!!!! Im relentless N my approach . I dnt need 2 use my hands , Id much rather use my tounge . Lmfaoooo ..... 
Man wuts up ... wer da real ones at man ... Why is that U cnt find dem ... Why is it so hard to find a true dime , Its like < PROPFEMALE > pedals she loves she loves me not , thing is I aint lookN fo love . Wer dae at ? 
Its like raindrops < PROPFEMALE > she come around ... 
My heart beat like hers , hers like mine ... she fill me up wit life as i do her , she is most def apart of me 
McCluer North Thespians yaw gone do good tonight 
Put yo trust N me , trust me as i trust you , do this N we willl go far .... believe dat ..!!!! 
Man step back , U cnt do like i can , ill take her on a rollarcoaster ride fo the ages , im tellN U mann its endless . Let me put it like this its my turn , nigga i get carpet burns . Bra lol ... she got dat structure dat jaw structure . Its like that fo me ..!! We got that lingo , she just call me MANDINGO . I tell her if her mouth was like a hand id giv her carpal tunnel . WTF ... Lhh .... O yeah 2 be cont .. 
Roses R red lemons R sour , open Ur legs N give me N hour . Kissing is a habbit . Fucking is a game . Guys get all the pleasure , girls get all the pain . 10 < PROPFEMALE > of pleasure 9 months of pain . 3 days N the hospital . A baby without a name . The baby is a bastard , the mother is a whore , this wud hav never happened if the rubber hadnt tore ...!!! lol .. T-Will 
Swagga like < PROPFEMALE > e , do not no her name , just kno her sign ... N dat shorty hella fine . She always on < PROPFEMALE > d , steady on the grind , each N ever < PROPFEMALE > she be there by my side . 
< PROPMALE > State is where its at ..!!! 
Exuse me Id like 2 buy a quarter pounder wit cheese , he looks at her . Girl R U sure U wnt that . She says exuse me . I said R U sure U wnt that , the real question is do U think U need to be eatN dat . ( A face of disgust ) U see all I wnt is a quarter pounder wit cheese never thought about the amt of calories just grabbed de keys . How bout some cream cheese while Ur at it ? No , might as well 
Club 12/12 
Im deep sea diviN but im at the top , lets just say im on a never endN kite dats about too take flight . Watch me as a zoom by , catch that paper trail 
Yesterday is Da past , 2morrow is a blessiN , N of course 2day is a gift . A gift that can be cut short . As I realize today . One of my closest friends pasted 2day . The crazy thing is that I was the last to seem him before he died . Gone 2 soon . One thing I must say is live life 2 Da fullest , cuz it cud end at any < PROPFEMALE > . 2 my boi < PROPFIRST > U N a better place man . Fly man fly do yo thing bra . I lov U N I miss U 
GettN these tattoos touched up N finished 
Man I think she want me . She strait up dig ya boi ...!!! A true rideA or Die . Yeah dats her . She got my back , thru the gud N da bad . I cnt ask fo no mo den Dat . Ya dig ...!!! 
U my < PROPFEMALE > Im yo Clide , U my pony N I ride , lolz ... ( T-Will ) 
Pain is Pleasure , or they say ... Truth yeah , there's truth to that . But if so , if pain is pleasure , cud U make me shed a tear 
Happy Easter FB ..!!! ChillN wit da fam , can not wait 2 eat . Last night was cool , hanged out wit my lil brother . Today shud be just as fun . < PROPFEMALE > des people get so we can eat . 
Man i swear I feel like beatN the shit out of people . I mean they do stupid shit ..!!! Then they wanna try me , naw fuck yaw , yaw got me fucked up . For real im gon beat yaw ass . I swear i cnt control it . No not anymore . Im gon handle shit my way 
Do or Die , man I swear Im die , but im gon die tryN . So much fo dat im livN . MInd focused hand on the trigger . Yeah dats me , Im the man wit da plan . Or at least I thought til I met her . Lol ... a women on a mission damn thats a strang transition . But I got 2 give 2 her . She on it , N she want it . Now she da one wiT Da master plaN , it just so happeN im N dat plan . 
Aey man ..!!! why yo neck look like its attached to yaw jaw , lol ... I call that neckface 
I need a dime thats top of the line , cute face slim waste lol .. with a big behind 
Oooh she bad , man I swear she is . She got it bra , strait up . Aint N the best threads N shawty still choosiN . Got it bad fo ya boi , N U kno wut ironically , I got the same feel fo her 
Ready man , so ready 2 take this ACT . It start at 8 , im gon be there by 7:15 or earlier . Im just ready to get this over with . Lets do it ..!! 
Its all gud , just got done wit that ACT . The weekend 2 myself , hmmmm ... wut shud I do ? 
Why is it that every girl think every guy , every nigga is the same . N that we all the same . Dat shit is ridicuolus ...!!! Man for real damn so stuck on the fact dat every dude the same yaw dnt see the ones thats real . U feel me . 
Tell me this Mr. Postman why is my friend tryna holla at this girl ? Yeah she bad , but im sayN it aint gon work . He come wit these same wack ass lines . He staedy tryna be somethiN he aint . Why dnt he just be himself . If N < PROPFEMALE > he do this he will find somebody that will truly like him for him . Flaus N all . I wonder is this wut fuck every other guy over that come on the real but get rejected 
Raise ur heart and soul 2 me , focus not on wut has been said , but what U see N feel . Feel wit yo heart . See me N understand me . Know that U R the one fo me , N that I dnt wnt any1 but U . Kno this aint some bullshit ass line , or the same old rhyme . Its me , I aint the same person I used to be , trust N believe . All I can say is that Im ready 2 make this plea 2 U . 
Weekend was a blast , Got it N , lol ... 2morrow ya boi B-Day , dat boy gon finally be 17 . Finally ..!!! 2morrow gon be even better , im gon really get it in . T-Will style ..!!! Ya feel me 
Today was cool , it really felt like another day forreal . But nonetheless im thankful . Thanks again , lol .. 2 evey1 that wished me a Happy B-Day . I really apprieciate it . Cud of made today way better tho , I must say that . Aey doe , Im just gon chill the rest of the day with my family . Once again thanks 2 every1 .. ( T-Will ) ...!!!! 
Bout 2 head back up 2 the skool , im tired but got 2 put that work N . N the end it will be worth it . Catch me N that 5 1acts ( Rehab ) . 
Life is so fucked up . Its amaziN how everything can change at a blink , but yet feel like a link . But even more funny 2 think there wud be light at the end of the tunnel . Well it aint fo me . I see it , N its dark . But its just like that for me . No matter what I do , its the same . ITs best we part N say our good-byes , N no they aint lies . But I will say this ill see U on the other side ..!!! 
Look N my Eyes N see my pain . Look at my face N see the shame . Its not the same . Yes this is true . But sad thing is , is that its directed towards U . U n me used to be tight , huh shit we used to fly like a kite . I was the seed U was the flower , now its look like there's an < PROPFEMALE > of the flower . You've changed N not for the better . See U later . I cnt get wit dat ...!! 
Bra U got life f-up ..!! Its more 2 life then wut U doin , or think U doin for that matter . No matter what the circumstances U got 2 keep yo head up bra . Its people out here that really got ur back . I kno I do . Aey doe on the real man , U gotta want it fo yoself . It aint me its U . Once U realize this , you'll find yoself . An once U do dat man the sky is the limit . N remember dis there is no end the sky 
Prom Night , aw yeah ...!!! 
Last night was crazy , had a ball . First prom was cool . Next year gon be even better , shit lol how we gon say class of 2011 . O well we'l figure it out . 
Ready for skool 2 be over wit ..!!! 
Tryna figure out wer my next tat shud be . Shud it be on my chest , arm , leg , stomach , back or neck . Damn can yaw help me out . Wer shud it be ? 
Ready for dis weekend 
I got love N hate on my mind , N it aint kind . I swear U used 2 shine . Now it looks like your on a mine . Yeah your explosive , yet tight N combined . Your words R like bullets . They shoot N scar . Or at least that I can see by dis far . 
Ready fo dis party . Me N my boi Jp Prettyboi-Price gon get it N ..!!! 
Man I love her 
Hella tired , ready fo skool 2 go ahead N be out . 
At the loop , after Im done here gon hit that weight room up 
Tired , put N work 2day . Im gon chill the rest of the night as well as prepare fo skool . Shit got what 2 weeks left , lets get it done 
Fuck naw my fam trippiN . Its all over stupid shit . Thats funny 2 me tho . On the real I dnt even kno . U dissed me , aint dat a laugh . If U had somethiN 2 say then how come U dnt come on out wit da shit . If U got anything 2 say bout come 2 me N say dat shit . Wtf , on the real , dnt beat around da bush . Lmfao .. U a fool boi . I lov U I do U trippiN doe 
Man I miss her . But like always its somethiN , somethiN dat come up 
Still working out almost done . Dis shit is crazy but its all worth it N the end . Faith girl I lov U , ill see U 2morrow 
Man at the end of the day life is good . I swear I couldnt imagine myself wit out < PROPFEMALE > girl . Thats funny know that I think about it . Well knowiN me N how I used 2 be . But its true I lov U , always have N always will . Im gon make sure wit do time U gon be the first thing I see when I open my eyes N the last thing I see when they close . I love U girl 
Ready 2 move on . Life is 2 short . Way 2 short for me 2 be worriN bout U . Im just gon let U be U while I just simply do me . I aint even made at U . Thats on U . But fo sure I aint gon go through dis shit again 
On me bra , she the type of gurl that if we were out on a date N the waiter asked us what we would like 2 order , Id just simply say she would like some apple sauce N a glass of water 
Tired , bout to call it a day . Cnt wait til skool is out . Look forward to gettN these finals on out the way . 
Tell me somethiN , is it right to fight for somethiN that seem so far away . To fight for somethiN that seem Oh so unreal . Or even to dream of what could be . Shit to lov another even more than yourself . I just dnt know sometimes I wonder is it worth it . But it's somethiN bout your presence , your presence N my soul . SomethiN about U that I just cnt give up on . N I aint scared to say it , I love U 
Damn my boys cryN N shit cuz its they last day . They last day of there senior year , N there years N high school . I feel for em , shit man its crazy they got my ass cryiN bra on me . I aint even a senior im a < PROPMALE > lol ... Class of 2010 do yaw thing man . 
Girl my life is beautiful because of U N only U . My mind body , N soul or at peace . Only because of U . I look into your eyes N see every1s lies , girl U is my strive . I can see our lives our future . I lov U . 
Man I fucked up 2day . I did the unthinkable 2 some1 very dear N close 2 my heart . I dnt kno how 2 tell her I dnt think I am . Not til its right . 
ClAss of 2010 im gone miss yaw , for real . Man do yaw thing like I kno yaw is . For real its all so real . Give up 2 my class , 2011 aw yeah ..!!! Lets do it we da next cream of the crop , man dats crazy . I remember my freshman year like yesterday . We got one mo year lets do it 
IT IS WHAT IT IS ...!!! I can not tell my future R wer I stand N it . Nor can I change the past . All I can do is worry about the now , the present . N from the looks its damn gud . THE FUTURE IS unknown but with U by my side we just gon glide . Glide through for real . My future is based on the present , N my present is wit U . 
I feel like sometime soon , ill be poppiN that question , that question that will forever impact both our lives . Its only a matter of time . I kno its you I love N nobody else . Im ready 
Ready 2 go ahead N get these finals out the way N this summer on the way 
Night FB , im ready 2 hit these finals N get ' em on N over wit . What three mo days left lets get it done . Lol ... Gon N get dis summer started . Aw yeah ... gon get N dis summer but yeah lets get these final out the way 1st 
Aw yeah one day down 2 mo 2 go , We almost outa here damn thats crazy . Class of 2010 im gon miss yaw for real man . Best of luck 2 all yaw man , do yaw thing like I kno yaw is . But damn on another note we bout 2 be seniors . Aw yeah class of 2011 
2day was cool 2morrow even better . Its gon < PROPFIRST > the end of a cool year N the start of a great year . But I'm gon start wit dis summer . I'm gon do it right 
Damn dis shit fill good , no school . Aw yeah ...!!! k The summer officially started . Lets get it N ..!!! 
OOh she want it , but she cnt get it . She wanna ride , but first she gotta glide . 
Man im ready 2 move on wit my life . Im tired of bullshit . Dealin wit people dat N they feeliNs . Fuck dat shit ...!!! I got enough bagage , I dnt need any more . Im done 
Gon go 2 football practice , then chill for real . N get ready for the lake of the ozarks . Memorial weekend 
Damn , dis strait wack , but nonetheless fun . She make it fun anyway 
Damn missiN U , I swear I got it bad . Its like all I do is think about U . ( Lol ) first thing N the morning , N the last thing before I close my eyes . Its lyk dat . I wish U was here but its ok , ill see U soon baby . 
It aint easy but shit , its worth it . I kno it is , cuz I feel it . What is it , huh lol .. love , yeah dats it love . Love for her is what keep me goiN . Its crazy because she got me , she do . But in a sense its the same around . Faith girl I love U . I do N U mean everything 2 me , N I miss U . Ill see U soon baby 
Damn missiN dis girl like crazy . 2 think I cud feel dis way about her . Wud have never guessed . 2 think I wud be blessed enough 2 have some1 like her , never N a million years . 2 think that there is some1 put here just for me . 2 even think I wud say these words Faith I love U . 
< PROPMALE > say I only go down if U cut yo grass . LOL ... Aw yeah ... im N the same boat 
Dis weekend aint dat wack after all . Its funny how a few people can turn a day from down 2 up . We strait gettN it crackiN . Lol .. even the whiteboy lol ... dis boi blowin his fumes lol strait clowniN . 
Smh ... just dnt understand people sometimes . Cnt even express how they feel . Smh ... instead hold shit N . As a reslut N the end there life is miserable N so R the people around them 
MissiN my baby . Cnt wait 2 see her . Its takiN 2 long , even tho I know I got just about another day before Im back home . I swear Im N longIn . Miss U every < PROPFEMALE > baby . Im almost home 
Cnt wait 2 get back home . Traffic is crazy as hell up here . 
I recall when we first met , a long time ago how cud I forget , the way I felt when I first laid eyes on U . I remember sayiN 2 my friends , there is my future wife N then , I took the step 2 meet some1 who wud change my life . It had 2 be my < PROPFEMALE > , my < PROPFEMALE > with U baby . Faith girl its crazy , but for real I hav nothiN else 2 say but that ... I love U 
Up here at the annex bustiN a sweat . Its all gud tho . Its all worth it N the end 
Wishing , hoping , sometimes just aint enough . Or it seem lyk dat . Sometimes what U thought was right , U later find it 2 be untold , as well as bold . So bold that U must have been blindfolded not 2 see . That is the case for me . I swear I thought it was right but wit everyday dat passes I start 2 truly see . But how it cud it be , I was almost sure of it . Well N life its lyk dat . I understand dat now 
Its time fo me 2 move on . Its no use N holdiN on 2 somethiN N wantiN somethin U just cnt have . Or just dnt feel the same , or have time for U . I dnt want 2 do this but Im afraid I might have 2 . Its just rough . N it aint workiN . Its bout dat time 2 call it quits . Its just over . I knew it couldnt be true , but yet I believed , lol ... a fool I was 
Man its funny how people can just simnply change the way your day is going , with nothing but a smile . A simple gesture , thats it . 
Life is funny , you dnt know what is going to be thrown at you . All you can do is prepare yourself for the worst , and face it head on . 
My baby do for me what I do for her . I mean she got me doiN things I dnt normally do , but in the end I guess its the same for her . huh ... like a < PROPFEMALE > . Its two heads , they compliment each other . Each side no greater or bigger than the other . In the end its still one cent . In the end N a relationship U both have to be on the same ( 1 ) < PROPFEMALE > . Yeah dats me and her . 
Temptation is a bitch . I swear U got 2 watch out for it . If U aint careful U find yourself not only trippiN but falliN . Even 2 the point of no return . Where U cnt even get back up . Stay positive , think of what U got N rather or not thats worth losing . 
Feel lyk Im resortiN back 2 my old ways . Im startiN 2 see things I used 2 do , occuriN N the now . Its funny tho , cuz some of it based on factors from the now . I dnt mean 2 do what I do but shit it aint lyk its any closure . She just dnt even know . 
: ) How bout dem lakers ...!!!! I told yaw boi , get < PROPFEMALE > some lol .... smh ... all day , Lakers all the way . People bought to jump back on the bandwagon . Lol ... should have never left . 
Today is kinda cool . Hella parties dis weekend . Just found out my boi got another one . Most def Im N der 
Had fun tonight . It was crazy . It was packed . Met some of my old friends , made some new ones . Thanks fa da dance , ; ) 
Man yo , its time again 2 decide where my next two tats gon be . Im already gettN one on my forearm but for the other two I just dnt kno . Chest , arms , back , stomach , wrist ? Can U help me out ? 
Lyfe sho is F-Up , Like I always say a never endiN rollercoaster ride . U make decisions , that impact yo life . They may hurt , sting , shit may even make U cry . U got 2 be strong , N make the decision that is best for U . 
Man I feel gud . I cnt complain , Im doiN me doiN it well . I mean after all who can do me better than me 
Man Im feeliN gud ..!! Sore as hell from football practice but gud nonetheless . I feel lyk chilliN , I think thats just what Im gon do . 
Man come Lakers lets get it boi ...!!!! 
2day gon be fun boi . Lol .. gon get it N for real lol .. 
Its funny how the people of your past can become your present , yet at the same time your present can become your past . I see clearly now as 2 what I want , N wut I dnt want . But for I do know what I need N thats U . 
Been thinking , N Its time for me 2 get back on track . The track of success . My life is gud I see that , real gud < PROPFEMALE > compared to others . Shit I got the keys , just need 2 drive the car . Where I go who knows , I can only go straight well N this case up . Just look 2 the sky , N kno there is no limit 2 it nor wut U can do . Yeah dats me esp wit her <3 Aw yeah ...!!! I got it 
Damn wutsup for tomorrow night ..!!! 
Bout 2 be headiN out 2 football practice soon . Tryna chill N relax while I can . On another note MissiN her <3 . See U < PROPFEMALE > I see baby . Hopefully next week I get these tats . Anybody wit some helpful hints of wer I shud get some tats at , please do share 
Ready 2 take this A.C.T tomorrow . Well almost , just a little more studyIN thats all thats needed 
Man I feel gud lets get this shit done boi ...!!! On me Im ready to get this A.C.T over N done wit . But on another note Niecy Monae , Im gon beat yo ass . Lol ... faith U can get it 2 . 
1 day Im gon make her mine . 1 day Im gon be the 1st she see < PROPFEMALE > she open her eyes , N the last she see < PROPFEMALE > she close em . She dnt kno it yet , but I do . I know I made the right decision choosIn U . I never guessed it wud come 2 me sayN these three words , I lov U ? 
Damn just got N . Had hella fun last night well N a little bit of this morning . Some things came clear to me . I N been over it before but this time Im gone stick with this decision , cuz I kno its right esp for me . I really just want to get it over wit . Tonight proved a lot of things to me . Lol ... I knew it . Thanks fo da dance ; ) . Time to get that monkey off my back . Lets do it . 
FindN lov is lyk lookN for a needle N a thorn stack . Word of advice nvr go lookN for it . Cuz U wnt fnd it . It is not meant for U 2 fnd it this way , but only for it 2 fnd U . N < PROPFEMALE > it does , U will kno . But N some cases U hav 2 not only see with Ur heart but yo eyes , N ears . Read btw the lines , N You , ll see the truth . Just play it slow . Get a feel fo wutsup . Take it from there . 
Man fuck that shit , lol .. let's do it bra . Stop tripppiN , N do it . Dnt talk about it , be about it . 
Another night under the belt . Crazy , stupid fun . If only there was a sayN similar 2 wuts done N vegas stays N vegas for tonight , but it aint lol ... it aint . But another note , its new day 2morrow . The pasts is the past . Im all about my future , nothiN more nothIn less . 
Lakers ..... lol all day boi , talk yaw shit now ...!!!! Thats what I thought bra , lol smh ... told yaw boi 
U kno I aint even mad no more . It is what it is , I mean she did it , not me . Its over N done . I need to get off dis . Lol ... its all gud . time to move on . I aint lookiN back either , only forward . N this time I wnt let the past rerect itself N my present nor future . 
Ready fo dis weekend . Gon get it N at parkway . Dis football season gon be the shit . All or nothing . Our senior year . we gots to go hard . 
Im kissiN wer the sun dnt shine after dat mommy you'll do mine 
Lakers ...!!!!!!! Hell yeah boi ...!!!! Yes sir , I told yaw boi ..!!! k pay up lol ... lmfao ...!!!! smh Lakers all day boi ...!!! Get U some 
Ready for dis football camp at Parkway North . We leave at 3 , its gon start at six . Man Im ready , although the heat aint no joke , but its cool . Lets get it . 
Last Day of camp at Parkway North . I gotta show the coaches somethiN , lol . Im sore as hell from yesterday . Got weighliftiN dis morning at 10 . Prob wnt be getting out til 12 somethiN . After dat Im just gon chill til later on today . 
ThinkiN bout gettiN a job real soon . I need some money lol ... smh . Its the truth tho . 
Man I wonder why it is that U expect people to change . U give ' em a < PROPMALE > N just when they show U just enough to trust them , they turn around N fuck up . I dnt get I mean its almost lyk giviN a nigga a rope N he turn out tryna be a cowboy . Shit be somewhat ironic . Smh .. I just dnt understand .. I feel lyk there is nop hope fo ya . None , but I aint gon give up on U not yet at least . 
Im out here makiN money , I aint worried bout it . Thats wut I used to say ... well of course until she made my day 
She said her name Ariel ... Ariel , Ariellllaaaaa ..!!!! An she be a gemeni , gemeni , gemeni ... aeeey ... Ya see shorty bad , swagger lyk mine , do not kno her name just kno her sine , N that shorty hella fine , she always on my mine , when N whenever Im out of town . Yeah ... she my type of chick ... U got it . She aint stutiN these other little girls , she got me on her mind . She kno wuts up at the end of the day ... <3 
Had fun tonight , two parties lol wud be three but I guess yaw smoked up a storm wer they had 2 shut yaw down smh . But on another note feliN her . She def on my mind Lol ... N not for wut she can do but because of who she is 
She a trip , told yo ass he was trickiN U . U just a treat smh ... but U aint wanna listen , so now U cryiN N shit of dis dude . U can do better , way better . Just move on , he aint shit ... trust me , U beautiful , smart , N U got a big heart . Word of advice just play it slow , next time . Find the flaws before puttiN all yo feeliNs into it . Do this and U can most def avoid dis . 
Need some help on some decisions . Im gettiN three more tats along wit me finishiN my other one . Wer shud I get it at . ( Chest , arms , back , forearm ) . : ) Can U help me out ? 
Hella tired , tryna figure out rather or not I want to go 2 the weightroom . The football coaches gon have some shit 2 say about it if I dnt as usually ... smh lol ... hella tired lol wut 2 do , but I guess I shud go 
Got senior pics 2morrow , shit dats crazy . Damn was just a freshmen yesterday I swear . Dis our year . ( 2011 ) Lol dis year gon be the shit . Gotta do it right fo our senior year , I mean if yaw dnt I kno I will 
Damn hell yeah ..!!! Strait got the scholarship . Hell yeah NIU baby ..!!! (northern illinois ) Yes sir , Im N there . Damn thats crazy , lol ... 
Damn niggas srtait wiliN , lmao ..!!! We crazy , lol .. these girls crazy ... strait twikiN lol ... Its all gud tho . Well fo some of us my nigga strait wasted , sleep on the floor .. smh ... all bad . Man today is crazy . 2morrow gon be even better . 
Im leaviN out of town today . I have a funeral to attend , smh ... I miss U auant < PROPFEMALE > ... man thats crazy . All I got is memories , lol ... fortanetly for me they all gud , lol .. smh .. man we all miss U , N this is gone be hard to get past . I love U N I miss U . 
Dag we aint even left yet . Lol .. we was supposed 2 be gone this morning lol .. still aint left yet . Black folks smh lol ... still waitiN on the last few 2 leave . 
I swear music is my everything , I cnt imagine myself liviN w/o it . It makes my day N ends my day . Lyk piano keys , it plays my song , the keys beiN my decisions N life , the music being the results of the decisions I make . Yep my music <3 
Hella tired , N we still aint there yet . We close well at least I wnt to believe we is .. smh . Cnt wait 2 meet the fam , just unfourtane it had 2 be on the terms of my auants funeral . R.I.P auant < PROPFEMALE > . 
Bored as hell , my fam is wack lol over here . I need 2 get wit my < PROPFIRST > fam , my hometown family , N sooner rather than later . These people trippiN lol ... 
Man smdfh ... I dnt kno if Im gon make it . Auntie I miss U . Its the day of yo funeral we on our way there its breakiN me wit every moment , the closer we get . It hurts , lyk bullet shots that can never be healed . Man my mind is lost I dnt kno wer 2 begin . Why , U , N why now ? Smh ... 
Man I hate it when U checkiN somebody dat is straut fire , turn out U find out U related . Aint dat some shit lol ... 
Wer da party at ? 
Man crazy ass night . People wild as hell boi ..!!! Lhh ... Mike U a fool , She do walk lyk a duck lol . Parties was cool , wutsup fo 2morrow . Let me kno . Next week tattoos . Yes sir lol .. 
Do I lov ' em ummm ( shakiN my hand ) kinda sorta ... I mean Im N 2 get w/e is N stor for me . But the word lov is a word thrown around 2 much . Just chill bra . I mean wut < PROPFEMALE > kno about it . This what Im gon do . Imma play it slow , learn N unserstand yo flaws . This will prevent a nigga from being hurt N the end . 
It feels Gud to be N my home town of Chicago . I must say I miss this place . Niggas is funny as hell . From soda to pop , to sofa to couch . ( I say couch , lol ) Its strait funny out . Parties R strait wild , lol .. hmm .. I miss it . Femailes srait crazy out here . They aint trippiN , its w/e . Lol .. thats wutsup . Man loviN it , N this weather aint too bad either . ( Beautiful ) 
Man I love my family , I swear besides god Im nothiN w/o my fam . We had some serious altercations 2day . Lol .. a lot of misunderstandiN betw both sides . Ill be leaviN 2 go back home 2morrow . Huh .. ( in tears ) I dnt wnt 2 but I hav 2 . Smh .. I lov it here I aint tryna go back 2 st. < PROPFIRST > , Im home . 
The day has come , as if I dnt already kno . But I never knew I wud feel lyk this . Its hurts so much 2 leave my family . I mean I kno Im goiN home 2 st. < PROPFIRST > with my fam . But here N chicago is wer I belong . This is my hometown with my fam . I cnt believe I hav 2 go , I just got here . But I guess dats lyf , well untilI get older . R.I.P aunt < PROPFEMALE > . Im gon miss U . Ill be back home soon . 
Do not feel lyk coming home 2 football practice lol .. But I guess it cnt kill me . Smh .. But on another note I do look forward 2 driviN my car . Its been stuffiN N these trucks wit the fam N the < PROPFIRST > lmao ..!!! A nigga cnt breathe 
Back in St. < PROPFIRST > , feeliN sick as hell , as well as tired . Had somewhat fun last night . Niggas N Chicago got shit fucked up , lol .. forreal , had a little car accident well my grandma did . Come correct my brother U aint kno there was mo people N the car . Lol .. daysha voo . Prob got weightliftiN around 9 , then football practice around 4 . ( Smh ) Its gon be a long day . It feel lyk another job , lol .. Well lets get it done . 
Aw ok no football 2day , parties yes lol .. lets get it 
Scratch that , headiN too the weightroom again 2day . I need the extra work , smh ... back in st. < PROPFIRST > , I miss my hometown , Chicago that roll out the red carpet literally fo ya boi . Ill be back home sooner than later . ThinkiN I need to go to Arizona N visit some of my family up there 
U what ? U say U N lov . Lmfao ..!!! Explain 2 me this lov . Let me tell U this , findiN lov is lyk looking for a needle in a thorn stack . Just chill , U think U feel dis way , but let me ask U dis if he had sex wit another women how wud U feel ? Twice ? Five times ? All the while being N a relationship wit U . SomethiN 2 ponder , Now dnt get me wrong u can find it , but U wnt looking for it , but only by it finding U . 
Where is LeBron an Bosh gon end up at ? 
People , strait fools out here , R is it that me N my boys R ? Lmao ..!! We strait goosiN out here , it crazy . My nigga said can I get a soda . Exuse me a soda , what . U kno , sprite , coke , aw pop my dude . Lol .. smh it never gets old , Chi-Town all over again . Man these parties strait crazy . We haviN a ball . They never end . Headed to another one as we speak . Shit is crazy 
Godddd ... dammnnnn ... Im phone is done , no power , I seem to have forgotten to take it out the outlet at aunt house N chicago . Smh all bad .. 
Music I swear is my everything 
In he studio right now makiN these beats . Man we bout 2 get it . Look out fo my track on FB tell me what yaw think . Airel , N studio Lov . ( La'mon ) 
Back home , finna get ready to go out , wit da boyz . Lmao .. Do I lov these girls ummm .. kinda sorta-drake voice , I told U keith .. lol .. smh . But yeah had fun N the studio today . 2morrow we back N there . Man feeliN blessed right now . Gifted wit alot a talent . The world bout to see . La'mon-T-Will lol ... lets do it . 
Lmao .. I swear I got the best head N the land , Lol .. T-Will voice , lol ... Im the shit ask about me 
What we doiN 2day , let me kno , lol .. 
Gotta put this work in . It will be all worth it N the end 
Man sho is crazy how people from yo past end up N yo future . Esp .. the ones that wernt there when U wer tryna make it . Now that U basically on yo way , U can finally see some light at the end of the tunnel , U startiN to shine , they all in yo face lyk they always been there . Lol .. people is strait crazy , crazy as hell but funny . Pitty tho , pitty ... 
Damn LeBron , lol .. smh 
Damn I hate it when it rain here in st. louis , I swear each time its a damn flood in the basement , lmao .. smh damn 
My Niggas stay ready to party I guess .. lol .. Well lets do it . Damn Im gon be tired N the morninN lol .. its all gud tho . 
Just came back from the weightroom , on my way too the barbershop . I swear I need a haircut lol .. MissiN my nephews N my fam , but its ok ill see yaw soon . 
Man I swear females crazy yaw say we crazy yaw strait wild . I cnt blame yaw tho . Esp after seeiN my nigga < PROPFIRST > get his ass literally beat by these girls , cheatiN ... woohh I cudnt do it . damn they beat dat nigga ass . TalkiN bout help me nigga , hell naw U crazy as hell . Some of em bigger than me literally , lol . Smh .. Its all lov tho man ( no homo ) . 
Aww so U mad ? Bra so what I had sex wit her ( 1yr ago)look Im tryna be cool . But U pussiN a nigga to get off on yo ass . Bra I dnt care about w/e the fuck yaw got goin on . I dnt care , that shit is dead . Move on nigga move on . U keep this up Im telliN U the end result aint gon be pretty . An I aint just talkiN bra , lol .. So now Im gon stop , all I got to say is try me bra . Just try me , I aint a nigga 2 mess wit . 
Tired from this weightliftiN , I swear lol .. it better pay off this football season . Finna grab somethiN 2 eat . Then just chill got alot planned 2day , everything gon get done , but Im gon see if I can do this 
God damn black folks , I swear . I hate it when U think U gon have a nice fire as bowl of cereal , U open that frieg , an it aint no milk , WTF , WTF ...!!! Lol .. an U kno , N U kno fo a fact that when U woke up this morniN there was a about a half a court a milk N that mug . Aint that a bitch , some shit , WTF ..!!! Lol .. smh .. 
Man people strait wild , well girls lol ... wild anyway . They show me somethiN different every day , : ) lol ... I aint complainiN lol .. ma's is strait wild boi . Yaw just dnt give a fuck , aey thats wutsup tho . < PROPFIRST > hater , lol .. I swear hater .. mad cuz it look lyk sex on the dance floor , might as well have been lol .. I swear U a hater lol .. 
Yaw niggas be on that hate type shit while I be on that growth type shit , lmao ..!!! Get it together 
We up N here at hooters dudes is funny boi , smh .. l < PROPFEMALE > o .. strait funnt . They strait N here tyna holla at these < PROPFEMALE>'s . But they aint trippiN off em . they got one number tho lol .. smh .. after 12 try's lol ... 
Man I swear from this day forth if U aint positive Im droppin U bra . I dnt need it , Im tryna succeed , n be sombody . Man forreal its time to stop BS lol .. Im on a roll man . I got one mo year N im out . Fuck all dat he say she say shit nigga its what I say . N what I say go U feel me . Esp < PROPFEMALE > its my life . I mean after all U only get one lyf , Why not take full advantage of it . 
She say damn gucci , lol I say ya < PROPFEMALE > , she say cud it be , yeah its true the best , lol the best N da land . Best H .... 
WishiN I wasnt here an wit < PROPFEMALE > <3 
Just lyk the milk incident , WTf , Ill be damn . I swear lol .. I kno I sat that orange soda N the frieg , lol .. I wake up get this meal together thinkiN I got this fire ass soda , open the frieg Ill be damned the mtf gone . Damn blacks folks got me again . Starit lol .. got me twisted . N dnt nobody kno wut happened 2 it lol .. smh all bad 
GettiN my tatts 2day , smh .. bout time 
Man I swear its lyk I got my own son , dis boi is lyk a new nephew . He always tryna be wit me , tryna be just lyk me . He say Idk what I wud do if I dnt have U here by my side uncle , sometimes I wish U was my day . I wanna be somebody special N the world , U think I will ? Boi of course ..!!! Let no1 tell U diff , but remember this we can N change the world w/o 1st changing ourselves , U remember this U will always suceed 
I feel lyk chilliN 2day , I swear . Got football practice at 4 , im on chill til then lol .. 
I swear I do not feel lyk goiN 2 football practice , smh 2 damn hot but O well it is wut it is 
Had fun today , kicked it wit my boyz out N jennings . I swear thats lyk the place to be out there wit dem dudes . Strait had us a little dance -off lol .. RAY-RAY lol ... man its crazy . Wit each new day I swear I feel lyk Im growiN , crazy , ( smh ) remember when we all was kids damn near grown now lol ... been a long road still hellas to go . But on another note , people stop Usin the wrod lov please lol ... just wait 
Just came back from club famous . It was cool , I aint even thinkiN about it lol im 2 busy eatiN dis steak N shake , one word fire . 
Look here mo , I aint trippiN U basically lyk another steppiN stone N my lyf , if that . I aint trippiN , U dnt phase me . I cud care less . Im da one that call the shots . Says who ? Says me nigga . I mean its me , cnt nobody do me better than me , nor impact my life more than me . My decisions R wut have gotten me here not < PROPFEMALE > . Think about that , then come correct bra 
Yaw strait funny mo , forreal . Why is yaw trippiN off a boi choosiN to be single . Smh .. 
Just came back from UCM , loviN it up there , its nice 
Look into my eyes , n tell me wut U see . Is it me R is it U , cuz I cnt tell . Its lyk wit each new day u become a bigger N better part of me . i dnt think the same as I used 2 , its more of U , n U only . Its funny to me , for how cud it be , that I wud find myself feelin this way , < PROPFEMALE > i most def told myself it wud never happen again . But yet U R back my life , my life N my heart 
I guess things N lyf happen for a reason , N thy R here 2 mak U better well at least dats wut every1 else say . But this shit hurts To be here so young N healthy N then the next day gone . Smh .. 2 nvr be seen again 2 only have memories N kno U wil nvr hav any mor wit U . Just simply lost for words . Fuck a stab Ive been cut right thru the heart on your absence . I cnt be the man I was supposed to be w/o U idk wut Im gon do . 
Got some plans for 2day well tonight anyways lol ... looks lyk they all gon go as planned . 
Man thats crazy , cud have swore I wudnt feel this way again , at least fo awhile . Smh .. its ok , Im glad its this way . Im really feeliN her . 
Just got N from practice , hungry as hell . MissiN her <3 . Fam seem cool , sho wish I cud have mad it 2 wrestling practice smh ... its ok tho Ill make it up . 
Im on my way 2 the top , if U aint wit dat then Im droppiN U . Im N 2 get W/e is N store , so I guess that comes wit da territory . But Im just here as a for-runner , Im N store fo nothiN but success , If U aint bout that , then idk wut 2 say 2 U but see ya 
let me lick U up N down , til U say stop , let me play wit cha body baby , make U real hot , let me do all the things U wnt me to do , lmao ..!!! < PROPFIRST > sweat my dude I kno yo feeliN lol .. 
My < PROPFEMALE > d is made up , N its u I kno I want , but the funny thing is fo the first time Idk how 2 approach U . Naw not wit no game , naw not the same , myself always of course , but this time Im gon bring more to the table . I aint used to feelin lyk this , but I kno I have N the past . So Im gon wait N see fo a < PROPFEMALE > . But if Im right , lets just say , we will both be seeiN a lot of white , along wit those rings 
Just got on the bus coming back from this webster groves football camp . McCluer North went ham , lol .. Its hot as hell on this bus wit all these niggas .. smh .. but yeah we lookiN gud N we gettiN better , cnt wait for the season 2 start . 
Finna hit up subway den 2 the crib . Quick shower den 2 the pool party . Glad as hell this webster groves camp over wit . 2day was cool cud have been better out there but its all gud 
My mind is made up as I look 2 the stars . I see me N no1 else . Im above the rest , N of the course the best . Naw wAsnt easy but I did it . Lost a few on the way , but gained many N return . I see my < PROPFEMALE > ahead of me , as if almost N reach . I kno lookiN back lyf is short . So wit dat said there is no lookiN back or dwelliN N the now . Im about my future . 
If U R who U say U R why is that I can not see it , see U . Why is it I can not see U for who U say U R . For it can not be that Im blind , but yes possible a crime . I dnt understand , wut I do kno is that you've changed N not for the better 
As I look at myself , I see the good N the bad . My hope my faith , N my lov . Its still the same as before . Then I take a step back N gaze at < PROPFEMALE > , N all I can do is simply wonder . What was it that caused u 2 be who U R , the person U R in front of me . Smh .. Idk .. I guess thats lyf . Like I always say a rollercoaster of ups N downs . Except N yo case its all downs . 
As I look at < PROPFEMALE > all I see Is a mirror of lies . 2 think , I N fact wasted my time wit < PROPFEMALE > , every < PROPFEMALE > thinkiN of U , being wit < PROPFEMALE > , smh .. all for wut ? 
See me for who I am N not fo wut < PROPFEMALE > see . Thats wut I tell ' em . Be U no matter what , N never let a nigga provide his on description of u . Basically a nigga treats U how U let ' em . Show him ow u want to be treated an if he cnt get wit the program dump his ass 2 da curb lol .. forreal , I aint gon tell U this again sis lol 
Aey bruh bruh ..!!! 
Lmao .. well my dude U see fo yoself man , I aint pull no strings R nothiN . Its just lyk that fo ya boi . They lov me , I mean I dnt do nothin special but just be me , N lyk I said before cnt nobody do me better than me . N thats why they feeliN ya boi . Idk I just got it lyk that , U shud try it , it might help instead of comiN wit dem same lines , that same game . 2010 goiN on 11 . It dnt work no mo 
Look me N my eyes N try 2a feel my pain , do U kno how it feels 2 be left out N the rain , Each N everday thers some1 judgiN me , worried bout my lyf N how I liv N these streets 
Aey mo wer dem Five-star chicks at ? 
She say she want a rider , A soilder , some1 2 giv it 2 right . Look no further Im hear 
At the mills mall wit Da boyz actiN a damn fool .. smh .. yaw wild lol .. my dude strait droppEd N the middle of floor hittiN the worm , lol .. smh .. 
At the mills right now , gettiN ready 2 see this movie , The Last Air Avenger . Hope its gud 
Glad it aint weightliftiN this morning , but et I still find myself up liftiN weights lol .. well it is what it is . Dnt kno wutsup fo tonight well 2day rather , I kno Im gon have some fun so we gone see . 
Ready 2 move on , U shud 2 . Im not worried about the past nor do I care , R feel the need 2 dwell N it . If I do as U R doiN ill never suceed . Im about it , my future beiN it of course . N if U aint wit dat then Im sorry , naw take that back O well mo . 
LoviN me N only me . Thats wut got me here . But as I look forward I can honestly say its gon take the both of us . I cnt do this alone , I need U . Ive come this far but I can not cross the finish line w/o U , I need U . 
Theres somethiN bout that sexy skin U N , yo clothes dnt do U justice so cum out of em , so baby take that off , so I can break U off , N give U lov lov loveeee ... 
I wanna tease U , I wanna please U , I wanna show U baby , that I need U , I wnt sho body 2 the very last drop , I wnt < PROPFEMALE > 2 holla when U want me 2 stop . ;) 
WishiN N hopeN fo a brighter day , when will it come , longeN 2 kno the truth about this world N yo place N it . This man we call GOD . All of it , unknown 2 U . Never N my wildest dreams wud I have ever thought I wud meet a person lyk this . LongiN 2 kno but being pushed away . N locked up N shakels . Look No further Im here 
2 bulletts 2 the chest N 2 2 the head . Another mans lyf is gon . Smh .. wrong place at the wrong time , smgdh .. I swear I dnt kno wut 2 do , they shot em , he told me 2 run , N dnt look back , well I looked back N I saw . The world dropped wit just 4 bullets . Words cannot explain this feeliN . Of these many feeliNs I have is guilt , what if , how , N why .. smh ... world dropped . 
At this pool party we wiliN LOL ... strait goosiN on me 
I dnt wanna be with U put that on everything I own , I cnt believe i stayed around that damn long , it I never see u again I wnt be mad at all , cuz I believe that U R my downfall , U did me wrong , I thought U wer true , U ran out of our lyf , N now Im so threw wit < PROPFEMALE > , I wantedU 2 be there , right here wit me . 
Live the lyk U live , he tells me U kno he right thats how it shud be , at least thats what I told him . But for him its not that simply , lyf is not at its best right now , His lyf is somewhat of a rollercoaster that has only gon down wit no highs . No lifts from his torment . Smh .. hmp .. yeah thats wer I come N , all that stops . He say Unc , I dnt kno wer I wud be if I did not have U here with me . I lov U 
Bout 2 head out 2 the loop N get this tatt 
Hold on mo ..!!! My stars shine bright , never dyiN out , they fly higher N higher never stoppiN . i mean they live the lyf they live , they got nothin 2 lose except the lost time they wud never get back not tryiN , yeah thats wut Im on , get wit mo ..!!!! 
LoviN being me right now ..!! <3 <3 <3 d -_- b 
Bout to go get this physical for the school year , I swear Im hella late on this but at least its gon get done . This our year mo , these north stars aint playN lol ... 
Man I swear the word lov is used much , I wonder if some of yaw kno the true meaning of it , R U just infested wit is feeliN at the moment , 2 the fact that it is basically unknown this feeliN , so U feel U R N lov , well think N this smh , just chill on that , I mean dnt get me wrong some of yaw do but < PROPFEMALE > compared 2 those that think they do lol .. I rest my case 
Im a man of my word I told < PROPFEMALE > it wud be gud , I got < PROPFEMALE > . Made u cum off just a kiss R 2 , R more or less . U told me U was gon take me out 2 eat , lol must say I show eat . Then after that it was time for the main course . 
A lul tired just woke up , still wishiN my dog dnt chew through my charger smh ... its iight tho never again tho never again lol .. man Im hungry . Who on FB kno how 2 cook , ya boi starvIn lol 
I swear I feel lyk I cnt be stopped , lyk Im destiN for < PROPFEMALE > R somethiN lol ... Lyk Im destiN 2 achieve the unthinkable , I mean even N my faults I end up goiN forward , no matter what the circumstances R . Im destiN 
Man me N my boyz < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Benson III , < PROPMALE > X . Swift , < PROPMALE > Jay-theplaymaker < PROPMALE > , and Jrod Dopeness < PROPMALE > strait kicked it bra . I must say did it somewhat well I wudnt even say big , but def made my girl < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > b-day right . Lol .. forreal it ws crazy , from the beginning 2 the end . Esp , at McDonalds , I swear I dnt mean 2 be rude I said why yo neck catchiN up wit cha back lol ... smh .. we was strait wiliN . Happy B-day again 2 U La'<PROPFEMALE> . 
Out here at the mills , wit da boyz . We wiliN . Tax free lol smh ... 
Just got N , fill lyk chilliN still trippiN off the fact that school start this thursday . Smh .. crazy lol came up fast , I guess N suppose thats how the year gon go 2 . Smh this gon be one crazy senior year 
Its somethin bout that sexy skin U N , yo clothes dnt do U justice so come out of em , so baby take that off , so I can break U off , N give U lov .. lovv ... love 
FeeliN really gud right about now . The night was crazy fun . < PROPFEMALE > lol .. my answer is yes , N I lov U 2 , always hav N always will <3 . I must say ya boi blessed got a lot goin for myself , this year gon be special . 
Man 2day feel hella gud , idk why tho lol .. I swear , maybe its that paycheck 
On me man Im ready for school lol .. I swear all my classes is fun as hell , A ease schedule I swear lol .. gon end the day wit office aid lol .. its all gud . I swear I cnt believe it came this fast just crazy . Strait seniors on me . Just , just a freshmen the years go bye , yeah they do . Smh .. I hope this year dnt go that fast but we all kno it is . Im gon miss it tho , tho not all of it lol .. 
Damn thats crazy school is 2day , My senior year N High school . Man it came fast , but Im gon enjoy every < PROPFEMALE > of it . N be thankful , it wasnt easy but I made it . That much closer 2 the finish line . The line 2 a new start rather be college R the military . BIG DECISION , WHOO .. lol ... But for now Im just excited , still soakiN it N tho 
Ready 2 get 2 work , I been slackiN turniN it on N off , gon keep it on . Its about dat time . 
Looks lyk Im gon chill wit the pops at this rams preseason game , smh against the vikings lol .. all bad strange thing is me N him both dnt kno we wer goiN , the moms planned this for us herself , wasnt told til this morning . smh ... its iight tho 
Hell naw people N st. louis halarious lol , non-driviN bastards funny mtf lol .. on me 2 go see a game , it aint that serious on me I had 2 get out the car hell naw l2h .. 
Relax N let me set the mood right . I do this for U , N tonight Im all yours , so wit dat said U can hav me anyway U wnt . The bed , the counter , the floors , the showers , Im all yours . Dnt worry bout a thing , just unwind N let me see that sexy skin . Im aimiN 2 kiss U wer the sun dnt shine after that mommy you'll do mine . Its lyk that , but dnt get it twisted my head game is only an appitizer , but U wil be subject 2 cum 
Crazy lt is I swear it is . I shud be dead as of right now . Had a serious car accident this morniN on lindberg . Shud have died . Car flipped over 5 times into the inner section . Head N mouth bleeding , both knees smashed down together on top of each other . Cudnt move , speak , nor open my eyes . Neckbrace , roof torn open just 2 pull me out while my car was smoking , on its side . Shud have been paralized from the waist down 
I hate liars , fuck lov Im tired of tryiN , my heart big but it beat quiet ... I dnt never fill lyk we vibiN , because ever time we alone its an akward silence .... so leave yo keys on the kitchen counter , and give me back that < PROPFEMALE > ring with the big < PROPFEMALE > , shit is over , wut < PROPFEMALE > trippiN fo , I dnt wanna have 2 let < PROPFEMALE > go , but baby I think its best that I let < PROPFEMALE > kno .... ( Deuces ) 
WishiN and hopiN for a brighter day , believe that day has N if not will be coming soon 
A wise man once told me this , Ill never forget , N I always knew I knew what it meant but as of now if I did I am certain I have no douts about it now , In order to change the world U have to first change yourself . Remember that , old sayiN hard-work pays off . Its true , live N learn thats wut Im on . N now thats what I see , it starts wi me , then U . 
I swear it feel lyk shit is fucked up ever since that accident . It just aint been the same , cnt do what I used 2 . LookiN at the cons and acting well wanting 2 act upon dem . But I dnt , Idk what it is but Im gon try and figure this out , but Idk it just feel lyk I cnt do this alone lyk I just dnt kno wer 2 start .. smh .. 
Let the past be the past , U can not dwell on it , or U will miss what is in front of U the present . N when U do this U will not be able 2 shape yo future if U can not focus on the now which in turn makes yo future what it will be-(T-Will ) 
I swear shit better start changiN R there gon be some serious consequences 
I think Im big < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > Hoover ..!!! WhippiN work , hauliegh ..!!! one nation unde god , real niggas gettiN money from the fuckin start 
Just got N , bout hit the bed , gotta be up for practice at 7 , need 2 get as much rest as possible 
Feel lyk goiN out lol .. dnt I always , nothiN 2 big this time lol .. 
Id lyk 2 take the time 2 lov yo body kiss N rub yo body 
Let me Lick U up N down , til U say stop . Let me play wit cha body baby , make U real hot . 
Just got N bout 2 hit the shower then the bed , got school 2morrow hipiN for a better day , lol shud be one 2 . FeeliN real blessed right now , got alot goiN for me , just blessed . Thanks < PROPFEMALE > , love U . Gud oops lol gud day rather FB be back up at 6 .. ( smh ) 
Hit the Daddy Stroke , Hit the Daddy Stroke lhh .. crazy ass video smh 
Look me N my eyes long enough U will see my pain , the O so shame N gulit of my pain . Look into my heart U will see my lov , listen N U will hear dat it beat quiet . 
Look me N my eyes long enough U will see my pain the O so shame N gulit of my pain . Look into my heart U will see my lov , listen N U will hear dat it beat quiet . 
WaitiN on my moms so I can head back up 2 the skool 2 try out for this play . Hope I make it shud be fun tho either way it go 
U kno I just want cha 2 just sit back N think for a sec , kno what I mean ? Now its a lot of people out there hatin on peoples relationships and stuff , dnt nobody wanna see U happy , they always tryna take yo joy , bring U down , but U gotta be the one 2 stick thru it all , say f-it Imm be wt < PROPFEMALE > no matter what , he eaiest thing is 2 leave . 
FeeliN real down right now , just dnt understand . Dnt understand how u coud work so hard for somethiN yet get nothiN N return . NothiN but a slap N the face . Just dnt understand , I mean I dnt mean for any of this 2 happen it just did . Its 2 the pt wer I cnt even say things happen for a reason I dnt even kno any more . Smh .. Lif full of regrets is how I feel . A lot of why's , N Im sure this wnt be the end of it . Smh ... 
WorkiN on this assignment for Mrs. Neeter's class 
First football game start 2day , a shame I wnt be N it . R be Ble 2 go . But for the teAm I hope yaw do yaw thing down there N < PROPMALE > City , beat dem jays lol .. The year is what we make it , do yaw thing . All the hard work pays off 2day . 
Still thinkiN bout this < PROPMALE > City game , damn I wish I cud be there smh .. hoe yaw do yathing out there and bring back dat W , that win 
Strait workiN lyk a slave over here lol wit my unk smh ... 
UCM , TSU , Florida A&M , Illinois , NIU , or Arizona . Man its gon be a tough decision but Im blessed I got options 
Man the day was cool , feel lyk I cud have done a little more this weekend . I swear sometimes these tattoos smh .. I swear addictive lol .. thats how it be smh .. lol .. ready fo football practice 2morrow , new day . Aey yeah just wanna say this no matter what the circumstance is keep yo head up , its better N brighter day . Stay focused , N never give N-(T-Will ) 
I swear she on my mind , thought it wud never happen lyk this , I wud never hav the same feeliNs , nor wud these feeliNs have the same meaning . She dnt kno it yet but I do . She wut I wnt N wut I need . Im not gon mess this up not this time . Its a wonder tho , how 2 tell her . Just do it lol .. ;) 
Time for a new look d -_- b 
No trip on 2 the next thing , always somethiN bigger N better than U , ya feel me , lol .. d -_- b 
As I look out Im pleased I like wut I sees , The world is changiN , N not because of the bees 
FeeliN real gud right about now , lyf is not at its best , but Only me N the man above can change that so lets start . After all we as a people can not change the world w/o at 1st changiN ourselves . 
U only get what < PROPFEMALE > put N , ;) remember that 
I wear my pride on my shoulders 
Focused on the process , N what it takes 2 succeed 
WishiN I cud have gone out N did what I wanted 2 do , smh 
Worry only about wut U can fix , no need 2 dwell on things that U cnt . 
Life 2 short worry not , give it 2 god , just live the life U live : well of course guided N his hands . Trust me U shud be gud 
Tried 2 fuck on me ..!!! LMFAO .. Omg this chinese dude is halarious . ( Hangover ) 
I recall when we 1st met , a long time ago , how cud I forget , the way I felt when I 1st laid eyes on U , I remember sayiN 2 my friends , there is my future wife and then I took the steps 2 meet some1 who wud change my life 
Got football practice at 9 , feeliN gud , ready for this week 
Damn bra U see O gurl ? ME : NAW WHO ? Man right over there mommy bad ? ME : Aw yeah ok , let me go see this girl .. smh .. fat lip ass girl , gurl Im telliN U mixed wit a pit and a skid < PROPFIRST > smh ... that dude aint right lol 
Time 2 start back at one 
At the movies gettiN ready 2 see lottery ticket 
Money dnt change the person it only change the people around the person 
Forgive never forget , believe never stop , keep focusesd on the process , the process 2 success . 
People is strait funny now-A-days , I swear all U need 2 do is live the lyf U live . People change , some better or for the worse . Thats just facts U cnt escape that . Thats f-up true very so , but its just that except it . Cuz its always gon be there , THEY will always be there . Stay humble stay focused . ;) 
Baby I dnt kno the words 2 say 2 U , all that I kno , baby all I kno is that Im loviN wut Im seeiN N Im feeliN U 
Dislocated my finger and shoulder all in the same day at practice , smh wtf dnt never get a break 
IciN up this shoulder , smh .. gon have 2 make a big decision soon , smh .. never wanted it 2 come down 2 this R be lyk this but Im gon have 2 . I mean after all no sense N wastiN my time for this , not lyk this 
Relax I kno its yo 1st time , a time U will most def remember , let me take control , Im here 2 please , trust me Ill take care of U , U just enjoy , enjoy the ride . 
SAINTS 
Ready for this weekend got some big plans , lol pay-day mo , yes sir ..!!! 
Show me wut U can do , let me see it , dnt be shy , take control 
Game Day , first Home game of the year 2day against Pattonville lets do this . This gon be our next test lets bring it N get dis W . 
Finna head out , bout 2 enjoy this night well weekend rather . Beat pattonville 2day , aey tho they squad nice , forreal gotta give it 2 em forreal . Close game . Smh .. got one gud arm how Im gon do this lol 
Bout 2 finish this project for Mrs. Neeter 
Bow Wow-(Regret ) 
FeeliN kinda down right now , a lot on my mind , gud and bad , mostly bad smh ... Hope 2day a better day 
R U that sodiac freak ..?? Im a capicorn I came here to get manished , ooh I kno its gud when U start speakiN spanish , very sexually , u full of energy after Im done U still telliN me that U wnt me . Met a gemini ..!! Oooh wut a sex drive , wanted it from the front , back , left and the right . Baby ... 
FeeliN gud its a new day , a new start N a sense , gon def have 2 take care of some things 2day , no more ponderiN on em 
Listen 2 my words , listen N feel ' em wit yo heart , kno N understand I kno I messed up , but that Im hear 2 fix it . 
Hey unk , yeah wutsup nephew ? Can I ask U somethiN ? Of course boi wutsup ? What is the sayiN about tall men N short women ....???? d -_- b ...???? 
This right here is a never-endiN rollercoaster ride of only highs . Relax N let me take control . I aim 2 please N thats just wut I'll do . Just enjoy the ride 
Forgive never forget ( T-Will ) 
< PROPFEMALE > the moment N those N it , for U never kno when It will be your last nor that the people N this moment will be there again ( T-Will ) 
They call me trigger cuz I make ' em cum 
Man I swear from this day forward Im gon do things my way , Im gon figure out a way for me 2 never run out of money . I got this shit . Forreal I cnt take this , if I wnt it I shud be able 2 get it no BS , money , money . They say that $ make the world go round smh .. its the truth Im gon get it , by any means 
Made the step team 
Galaxy or Evo from sprint which one shud I get , aw yeah aint had a phone for little < PROPFEMALE > , its broke . ( Smh ) But yeah which 1 
I met a scoripio , damn .... she had no limit 2 wer she'd go , O yeah , she was so damn sexual , she said Tevin ..!! r U ready for me , Ill do anything 2 fulfill yo needs tell me wut U want N i got < PROPFEMALE > baby whisper N my ear while Im driviN U crazy , Imma smack it from the side while Im grabbiN dem thighs ;) lol 
Man funny , a lot of people dnt get sec chances on past mitakes , but I did N I took advantage of it . N I must say it was one of the best decisions I have made N a long time . Never felt this way before . LoviN her .. N more . Swear shud have done it a long time ago but the past is the past , cnt change it only learn from it . This decision tho gon be my present and my future 
All smiles 2day , Idk naw I do , lol .. havent felt like this N awhile 
Man she make me smile 
Damn when U gon keep it 1hunded ..??? 
Smell lyk ass N corn chips l2h ..!!! 
Wet-(Twista ) , Nice & Slow-(Usher ) , O-(Omarion ) , Pole in my Basement-(Bow Wow ) , Ginuwine-(In Those Jeans/Pony ) , < PROPFIRST > Sweat-(Nobody ) , Pretty Ricky-(Playhouse ) 
2morrow night gon be crazy , forgot about it smh , but thats ok cuz Im gon make up for it 
Got 2 get my shit 2gether , startiN 2 slack lol ... ( LBS , smh ) but on another note glad skool over wit , ready for tonight 
Smh .. I gotta figure out a way 2 never run out of money , and its only leading me 2 options 
Although times is changiN , that dnt mean U have 2 as well 
Dnt trip off it , stay focused , U do that N U gon make it-(trust me ) 
Im done tryiN lol , if its wut U wnt then U sho got it , not gon waste my time wit it . If thats yo choice then by all means go ahead lol ... bigger N better things R wut Im doiN\ 
( Believe Dat ) 
Got 2 figure these things out , things happen for a reason people say but I do kno some things that happen , happen because U let them . Time 2 fix this N get this right , lol It aint promised , time is almost up they said naw , naw not for me I got this 
Got my cell phone 
Messed up , really did , Swear I wish I cud fix it but some things just aint that easy , but then again nothing is ever that easy . Been messed up on alot of things lately , havent really been sure on wut I wnt , N then again I hav been sure , N I let her go , why ? why I do that ? why ? smh .. lol N yeah not another lyk her lol .. there's never a 2 late its only when U make it so . Im gon fix this , at least try lol 
Dueces bruh bruh 
Lets do this , dnt worry bout nothiN else I got this I got < PROPFEMALE > , Ill take care of U , just relax N enjoy this ride 
Smh ... I swear so much 2 say about this person but I'm just gon leave it alone , not gon waste anymore of my time like last night . But on another note new day , feelin gud , feeliN really blessed . 
Smh ... I swear so much 2 say bout dis person but I'm just gon leave it alone , not gon waste anymore of my time like last night . But on another note new day , feelin gud , feeliN really blessed . 
Live N Learn 
Even tho it may hurt hear me out 
Speak not on wut < PROPFEMALE > dnt kno but on wut < PROPFEMALE > do kno 
Ready for this day 
Love yoself no matter what , forgive but never forget cuz when u make it , when U make it they will , they will forget 
Let yo emotions flow but never let them get the best of you 
Seek the knowledge seek the wonder , never stop dreaming . For in our dreams we find ourselves 
Time 2 pay up lol gotta get them homecoming tickets 
Its a lot of things I wish I cud take back , esp that night but I cnt , wut if , wut if I had just went along wit da plans , why I hav 2 let < PROPFEMALE > go . N now look smh , my heart go out 2 U . Smh ... I'm praying for U 
Back against the wall , but falling is not an option 
Got a strait 9 to 5 ( smh ) 
I can not wait til I get up outta here , this shit wack lol ... but I get dat paper so it look lyk I'm gon be here 
Computer Love , lol lil bro say he got that computer love for her smh .. 
Sometimes gud things fall apart for better things 2 occur 
Gurl U beautiful N so much more , why U put up wit dat . U cud be doing bigger N better things , N besides that he dnt kno how 2 treat < PROPFEMALE > 
Life is wut < PROPFEMALE > make it , so fix it 
Yo life is nothing more than a movie , thing is U R the director 
Dnt worry yoself about things U can not fix , worry yoself only on the things that can be fixed . By doing this U wnt get left behind dwelling on the past missing on your present 
Not stressiN over it , mind is on my future , its not about anyone else its just me . Where do I wanna go , be , see , N be remembered 
Let's try doing it my way this time 
Let's try doing things my way this time 
Change can be gud it can be bad , I kno this all 2 be true , w/e the circumstance may be I kno at the end of the day all I need 2 do is look up 2 the sky 
Its known for people 2 change that's a given , dwell not on this for u can not change it , at the end of the day all U need is God , and yo fam 
Use wut < PROPFEMALE > Kno N make a difference , a difference for the better 
Damn just got N , Homecoming was crazy fun , DJ was kinda wack tho smh , teckno really ? Smh .. but it still was the best one in the 3 yrs I been here . The real fun was afterwards of course ;) . 
Feel lyk I'm on top of da world 
Choir concert 
Need a gurl , true gurl naw not the same got her own swagg , on look , on everything , yeah I want her 
Fake it til U make it , ( smh ) try being U no matter wut the circumstance may be . Remember its only diffucult when U make It so , just be U 
Sex relieves tension - love causes it . 
When you were born , you were crying and everyone around you was smiling . Live your life so that when you die , you're smiling and everyone around you is crying . Bro U aint never lie 
Life is never f-up , its only that way 2 the people that let it stay as so instead of fixing it 
Sat detention ridicolous , this is some strait BS 3hrs of shit smh never again 
Sex is pleasure , sex is wonderful , but it aint everything 
If U just listen you'll hear everything U need hear 
Gud things come 2 those that wait 
AMDA , UCM , Illinois , TSU , Florida A&M-big decision but I wanna go 2 AMDA 
Days and days pass , still my feelings fo U stay the same . Damn boi U was lyk a brother , the realest of em all , tell me why we're U the first 2 fall . Or at least it feels so . But I kno lyf must go on , but this gon be hard . U gon be missed man , but U kno I'll see U up there someday . 
Its hard w/o < PROPFEMALE > , I love U N I miss U 
Money change people it change the world , money aint gon change me but I'm gon definetly change the world 
Swear never realized my purpose til now , destined 2 entertain , been a long long run , but I've found myself . I got my goal its time , dnt got time fo lil games bout mine N its about time . -Destined fo Greatness 
Never let anything stop U from yo goals-(DFG ) 
Dats grown man talk , baby lets just keep it real , I aint no magician but baby let me cop a feel 
Baby every time U push N pull it just go deeper , open up nice and wide gurl Im gon feed cha . ;) Trust N believe 
If U N the past its a reason U there , dnt try 2 re-enter into the present 
Its funny how did me twice N a row N I took U back lol smh , naw not again I'm done I been done . I'm over it U need 2 do the same 
Me and U used 2 be tight , shit we cud fly lyk a kite . Until that day 4.19.09 , never again , def the past . I'm not the same guy I've moved on from that , its best U do as well 
Word of advice never confuse pain with pleasure , or lov N sex lol they differ greatly 
Touch-ups on some old tatts today , as well as gettiN a few , New ones 
I swear I hate when my plans have 2 be changed over BS that aint even my fault smh ... ridiculous , lol so mad smh 
Seasons change lyk people do , lyf go on its sho sad U finally figured that out . _ finally figured out wut < PROPFEMALE > had . Aey ;) keyword had ' that's dead move on , cuz I sho have 
Smh so many questions , dnt have the answers . Just act lyk I do but truth is I dnt , and its frustrating cuz I believe I shud . Only 1 option , 1 person 2 turn 2 , the man above 
Timeless mind equals a timeless soul , never let it slip away 
FeeliN really gud right about now 
Don't it feel good when I touch on it , wouldn't it be nice if all night I was in you 
FeeliN lyk I got the right one by my side this time , think she da 1 
Wish things cud be lyk they used 2 be , but it aint that simple or at least that's wut I wanna say , truth is I kno the answer , well answers anyway , Its just a matter of if I want 2 or not 
Man its crazy feel lyk the man on the < PROPFEMALE > , swear its almost lyk I cnt be touched I swear . Im destiN for it , destiN for greatness . I just kno , its my purpose . I've come a long way shit still got hellas 2 go but things do happen for a reason , and if U do less talkiN and mo listiN U will hear all U need 2 kno . I hear it and understand it , Im destiN , Im destiN for greatness-(Believe Dat ) 
Got these thoughts , ump some thoughts . I wanna do some things 2 her , help her unwind relax , so many styles so many positions 2 choose from-(time 2 set it off ) 
Damn I swear I cnt stand lurkers 
like this status and ill write you a letter ! Dear____ , you have a cute____ . if we were in a room together I would____ . me and you should____ . if you hugged me I would____ . you are____ . I'd get your name tattooed on my____ . you have just been dared to make this yours . ( : . 
Mind is already set , I kno wut I need , N I kno wut I dnt need . I need < PROPFEMALE > but U keep dat little ass attitude , let it go , let it go its over move on , dnt let that 1 mistake be the end of yo journey , get back up N try again 
Money make the world go round or so they say , the real truth is that money change people , some better or for worse . The money aint gon change me . -(Believe Dat ) 
T-Doggs-(Yes Sir ) 
Smgdh ..!! This tattoo hurt lyk a bitch no lie smh painful 
I kno its gud , I work hard 2 make sure that dnt change . I kno its gud , cuz I always hit the spot . - kno its gud becuz I do it 2 the pt we're U think U N lov . U got it bad , N I dnt blame U cuz I put it on ya 
I look at myself N say wow , U have changed , naw not just in appearence , or voice , but more of wut is said from the voice , its there . 2 deliever a message N it does . I walk wit a purpose damn right I do , why cuz I got one for me N the world since its raistiN on my shoulders 
Time fo A change 
#FLYREBELZ HALLOWEEN HOUSE PARTY !!! THIS SAT @52 RIVERWOOD ESTATES BLVD ! START AT 8 ; \$3 FOR ERRBODY !!! \ " IISH FINNA JAMM FOR THE ONE TIME !! #SAYUKNOWDAT . " 
Love it when she call me papi 
Look < PROPFEMALE > no hands 
Tell me how U want it , tell me how fast how slow , tell me wut < PROPFEMALE > want , I'm here 2 please it aint nothiN I cnt do or touch ;) 
Work around people U strive 2 be , or be better than 
Think I lyk her , think I want her , forced 2 agree wit myself N all smiles she my boo now but I'm gon truly make her my gurl 
Lmao ..!! Hot breath ass lol smh .. 
Its ok 2 be angry and frustrated when things dnt seem 2 be going yo way . That's a given , but I will say this , only dwell on things U can fix , never on things U can not . Fix it when needed , otherwise get back up N move on 
When U find somethiN real hold on it , those thinges , those people dnt come around that often , < PROPFEMALE > em 
Is it crazy when U realize yo passion yo love yo < PROPFEMALE > . Do U get nervous at the thought of U finding it ? Man all smiles aside its beautiful when U find it , I have . N its crazy at the same time , 2 think I wud be the one well one of the many 2 change the world is crazy , but wut can I say I was born for this , so ready 
Dnt worry I got < PROPFEMALE > , let yo mind be free , unwind , I'm gon take care of U , just relax N enjoy the ride 
Feel like hittiN the gym up , bout that time 2 get started back up again 
How do U answer something U already kno the answer 2 but dnt do 
Having sex is like playing Poker . \ 
If you don't have a good partner .... you'd better have a good hand . -Words of wisdom from the little bro lol , he aint never lie 
I kno just wut < PROPFEMALE > need , I kno just wut < PROPFEMALE > like , now baby dim the lights , this time U cumN twice , ;) 
Look < PROPFEMALE > no hands , lol naw for real I dnt need em they all fun N stuff but I'd much rather use my tongue ;) 
Hope yaw do yaw thing North , get that win under yaw belt , do or die . Playoffs baby , let's get 2 that dome 
The day is almost here . Its time 2 put on a show , N I dnt disappoint . Everything I wnt is right ther withiN grasp . It all starts this Sunday . I audition for the college of my dreams , smh nervous but I'll be iight . Starts here destination N cali 
I'll get < PROPFEMALE > right 
Everybody has there time 2 shine , when U get that time , when U see it can take advantage of it ? That's the real question 
We aint got nothiN but time wrong , take advantage of the opportunity at hand U never kno if U gon get that < PROPMALE > again 
Is it wrong 2 walk into McDonalds wit $10 worth of cash in quarters , nickels and dimes :) lol cuz I did , N they thought it was a joke lol . I kid < PROPFEMALE > not my friendM 2 number 12 the meals please :) lol smh .. aint no shame N my game smh 
Time 2 learn something new 
Wish she was mine , swear she got it all , all I want N a women . All that N more ... 
Keep it 1hunded 
Money just change everything , I wonder how life without it wud go 
New day , BS was yesterday N that's wer it stays . Time 2 learn something new ... 
Let's try this out , yeah ok .... lyk my status N I'll why wassup U 
Never thought loviN U wud hurt .... ( smh ) 
Let's go central , bring this one on home . Go get that third ring ... 
Ready 2 put on another show , let's go ... 
Damn I swear I hate the dentist , shit hurt lmao ..!! Here come the real pain-(braces ) 
Smh .. swear I love my god daughter , smh I'm broke N she give me money lol ... funny thing is she 8 yrs old lol .. gave me a dollar N smiled sayiN its a start lol 
The Devil stay testiN , cuz < PROPFEMALE > you < PROPMALE > the pussy its a sin , but if it falls in your lap its a blessiN .! 
The more U push the closer it gets ... 
Ask me a question In my inbox N I'll answer it in my status , trust I'll keep it 1hunded 
I think U cute . Dnt really kno much about < PROPFEMALE > 2 be honest , U make me ponder idk 
I would laugh N say why dnt U tell me lol .. 
I did on my application I did gud it was easy thanks 2 U :) 
Ask me a question In my inbox N I'll answer it in my status , trust I'll keep it 1hunded-(ask me some mo ? ' S ) 
Q : Smash or pass .?? Do u think im cute and why dnt u txt me no more :( A : Smash :) lol ... why I dnt txt I dnt even kno 2 be honest I need 2 get it together 
Q : Do u think I'm pretty ? Do u miss me ? A : Naw not just cute beautiful , sexy , gorgeous N so much more . N yes I miss U wish I was wit U right now 
Q : Y r u so sexi . A : Idk lhh ... just am I guess 
Q : are you retarded when it comes texting lhh ?? A : 1 ass hole lol ... 2nd N etc ... lol sometimes I just forget 2 txt back lol smh 
Q : wat you think about me . A : U beautiful , funny keep it real , amazing singer , sexy :) 
Q : When we gon < PROPFEMALE > out and have drinks . A : Whenever U let me kno U free , school Work N all , let me kno N I got < PROPFEMALE > 
Q : What do you think of me ? A : U cool , young got a lot 2 learn but that all come wit growth , U cute 
These some interesting questions- Ask me some mo ... I'm gon keep it 1hunded 
Q : Do U still think about me ... A : No not lyk I used 2 anyway 
Q : WHEN ARE YOU GOING TO LET ME HAVE DD . A : Never lol .. 
Q : rate me on scale of 1-10 .? :D . A : 7 
Q : rate me 1-10 , smash or pass , would you wife me up or one night stand me . A : Lol .. I'd say a 8 , I wudnt wife anyone up not at this moment anyway def smash .. 
Q : rate my body 1-10 . A : Gurl I give U a perfect 10 _ blessed smh umumum ... 
Q : < PROPFEMALE > i saw u at tha mall did u think i was ugly ? lol . A : Naw not ugly , that never crossed my mind 
Q : R U single . A : Yeah , it say that I'm single on my < PROPFEMALE > , I'm single 
Q : Was I yo best if not one of em ? A : U wasn't my best but U wer one of the better ones 
Q : If I called U out the blue , just fo old times sake askiN if U wanted 2 f .. wud U . A : lol hell yeah its U so yeah 
Q : U miss me . A : yes N no , just wonder how U been other than that the past is the past 
Q : Smash or pass &&' rate me ;) . A : ;) Most def smash .. I'd give U a 9.5 
Wish she was mine ... 
Got the job N more 2 come all smiles .. 
One mo time ... Ask me a question In my inbox N I'll answer it in my status 
Q : U miss me ? \ 
A : Hell naw lmao .. maybe a little lol 
Q : Smash or Pass , and if U cud give a ratiN on a scale of 1-10 wut would it be ? \ 
A : Smash lol .. U already knew dat , N fo U I give U a 10 
Q : Do you still think about me ? \ 
A : From time 2 time 
Q : U eat out ? :) \ 
A : .... lol ... U already kno 
Q : What turns u on the most ? \ 
A : It vary , but a kiss can tell me a lot things lol .. def the neck , thats a sensitive spot lol 
Q : you up for makin ' new friends ? lmfao \ 
A : Of course 
Q : ever have sexual thoughts about me ? if yea , inform me (: \ 
A : Yeah :) lol .. looks lyk Im gon be doiN a lot of informiN 
Q : Rate smash or pass and im i wifey type .?? :) \ 
A : Smash ;) , Im gon have 2 say wifey 
Q : Have you ever been tempted to do something to me , if so what is it that you wanted to do ? :) \ 
A : Kiss U along wit some other things , cnt say everything :) 
Q : why are you so damn cuteeee ? ;) \ 
A : Idk , only thing I can say is God 
Q : have u ever met a kansas girl ? lol \ 
A : No lol or least not that I kno of 
Q : What ever happened 2 U N faith ? \ 
A : Some BS N so much more ... 
Q : U ever forgive me fo that ass beatiN U got on the court ? \ 
A : Lmao ..!! Lil nutts lol never boi U swooped I put my nutts on o head mo , i broke yo rim when I dunked on U . Awww dnt remeber that lol naw but Im gud I never lost lol 
Q : U still think U can make me scream yo name ? \ 
A : Lhh .. of course U did it before why stop lol 
Q : What happened between us ? \ 
A : U happened , lol .. I cnt even answer that . Its not fo me 2 ... cuz only U really kno the answer 2 that , plus Im not gon waste my time 2 even try N explain , not again anyway ... 
Q : Do U miss this ? \ 
A : :) lol .. maybe a little , I aint trippiN tho it aint nothin but a tease Im cool lol 
Q : What you think about me\ 
A : Im sorry how shud I say this ummmm ... I dnt really kno U , U R somewhat of a stranger lol .. so I cnt really answer that , smh 
Q : when < PROPFEMALE > gne txt me ? \ 
A : Idk lol ... I said I was but sort of forgot , sowwieee .... 
Q : If me N U wer in a room together wut wud be doiN ? N if U wer 2 rate me on a scale from 1 to 10 wut wud it be ? \ 
\ 
A : The answer 2 that question is anything N everything Im here 2 please , w/e u want I got < PROPFEMALE > :) , as far as a rating I give u a 10 , yeah def a 10 :) 
Q : Why dnt < PROPFEMALE > smile more often around us ? \ 
A : Well its not that simple U see when Im with yaw Its really quite frankly nothing 2 smile about lmao ... 
Q : Wud U get my name tatted on yo chest ? \ 
A : What kind of question is that ? Hell naw lmao ... in all seriousness HELL NAWWW lol 
Q : wht you think about meh' ? \ 
A : I think U beautiful , sexy , N so much more 
Q : U miss < PROPFEMALE > at all ? \ 
A : Naw not at all , U learn 2 move on kno wut I mean I still see her from time 2 time .. she still my boo tho 
Q : aree yhu relle a \rude boy\ " .?? \ 
Q : when you first met me what did you think ? \ 
A : lmao .. why does her voice sound like that lol halarious 
Q : What do you think about me ?? \ 
A : Gurl I think U are amaziN , forreal beautiful sexy , all that N more . I think well know U gon make a man very happy one day , that one man that is lookiN for somethiN real , when he find U then he gon find all he been searchiN fo 
I see her all the time , her hugs R the best . Wish she cud feel wut I feel , try 2 explain it but I cnt when I'm wit her ... 
Age aint nothiN but a number ... 
New day , glad 2 see it , hope fo many mo 2 come 
Time 2 go make this money .... $$$$$$$ 
Wish she was here wit me ... 
Must be nice 2 have it , have it all . Have it all w/o even haviN 2 work for it . The top feel a lot better lookiN back knowiN how hard U worked 2 get there 
Money aint everything ... ma ( smh ) 
Lol .. it aint nothiN but a steppiN stone partner ... 
Everybody aint gon be there at the end , only a few a very certain few . Crazy thing is that its hard 2 sort the real ones from the fakes .. ( Smh ) 
See there's this place in me where your fingerprints still rest , your kisses still linger , and your whispers softly < PROPFEMALE > . \ 
It's the place where a part of you will forever be a part of me ... 
If you don't have a good partner .... you'd better have a good hand . 
It's not enough to have a dream , unless you're willing to pursue it . \ 
It's not enough to know what's right , unless you're strong enough to do it . \ 
It's not enough to learn the truth , unless you also learn to live it . \ 
It's not enough to reach for love , unless you care enough to give it 
Don't use your eyes to look for love for it's your heart that knows it . \ 
Let yourself make mistakes and do learn from this . \ 
It is from this that you will accumulate your knowledge as to whether the person met is the one or not . 
FeeliN lyk the world against me but I aint gon give N , 2 much at stake I'm gon win this battle- Last One Standing ... 
Imma Money Maker ..!!! $$$$$$ 
Love ain't nothing but sex misspelled .. 
New day fresh start .. yesterday's the past .. 
Ready for this weekend .. this class need 2 come on N be done smh .. 
All smiles ... 
Need another Gig ... 
Crazy how she on my mind ... 
LMAO ..!! They both passed out one by one . The couch the other the florr lhh .. smh kno I shudnt be laughiN but damn lol never seen anything lyk that 
Wer R U when I need U the most ... ( smh ) 
I aint dwelliN on it .. 
Never Never Land ... 
Ready 2 get these last 2 days on N out the way 
Gud things come 2 those that wait , but a closed mouth dnt get fed .. 
( Smh ) damn .. cnt stand lurkers , such a bad look ... 
The 1 every1 come 2 .. yeah thats me .. wish I cud take my own advice . Strange 2 kno the answers but never answer them . So many why's left , so many unanswered questions . If only I cud be like nike N just do it , lol ( smh ) it aint that simple , now Im N a hole N its really gettiN deeper N deeper . Just dnt kno wut 2 do , or how 2 approach it ( smh ) 
Damn bruh when its time 2 leave its time 2 leave smh , some simple-minded fucks lol .. 
U dnt even kno yo body yet , I'm gon touch U N so many places , I'm gon get the back of yo knees wet .. I'm gonna kiss U on yo lips , have U feel this between yo hips N let yo back bone slip , baby when I dip lol .. 
Lay yo head on my pillow ! I aint casonva and me n < PROPMALE > aint < PROPFEMALE > been friends ! 
Just got N lol , crazy ass night smh .. gotta lov my life , love being me .. 
I got a short attention span .. esp 2 BS lol .. 2 the next one .. 
Hawk Show .! 
Smh .. had an interesting convo wit the bro .. I just wanna say this , never give up man , life is fucked up , it an every1 N it . Aint nobody perfect , we try , we do try , but we will never be ... Dnt try N fit in the norm that every1 else has fallen into 2 be U . Do U .. find god , then by that U find U , all that other shit follow ... do U ... 
( smh ) .. Get it together .. 
Got a full-ride 2 semo 
FeeliN lyk the one right about now , R so I thought but this shit crazy , might be haviN a lil jr smh .. how this happen ... 
People out the past can sometimes surprise U the most .. 
\did u just fall ?? \ " \ " no i attacked the floor\ " \ " backwards ? -lol .. lil bro " 
Gotta get mines no matter what ... 
So ready for college lol no lie tired of seeiN the same faces .. 
Naw I dnt < PROPMALE > em lol .. they usually come 2 me .. its best not 2 go lookiN ... lol trust me I've seen it a thousands times smh .. they become lurkers lol .. 
Time 2 break U off ... 
They say age aint nothiN but a # right .. I kno just wut < PROPFEMALE > need I kno just wut < PROPFEMALE > lyk , now baby dim the lights N get comfortable ... I got enough ... 2 fill U up lyk poppa doe .. thats grown man talk baby but let's keep it real .. an I aint no magician but baby let me cop a feel ... 
I dont < PROPMALE > .... I REPLACE ... and then ERASE !! 
This a crazy year .. same as any other but as we all kno this our year .. class of 2011 ... man we almost there .. that's crazy .. 4 yrs here at the skool .. I kno it lyk the back of my hand .. smh .. it dnt end here just the beginniN .. mDestiN for Cali .. 
Let's go Vick .. bring this one own home 
Gon try N do this w/o U .. 
Met some old friends 2day smh funny wut time do for people some better or worse ... 
Ready for cali .. 
God gave us 2 ears to hear , 2 eyes to see and 2 hands to hold . But why did God give us only one heart ? Because he wants us to find the other one 
I dream of it everyday .. each day it get closer N closer .. I can almost grasp it .. I'm almost there .. Cali used 2 seem far fetch N far away naw not no more hollywood here I come .. 
Ready for this break .. ( forreal lol it needs 2 hurry up ) 
Ready for this break .. 
This < PROPMALE > show is funny as hell smh .. 
Feel this right .. yeah this week gon be gud 
FeeliN real gud right about now .. hell yeah no worries .. Man I love being me ... 
( 69 ) .... :p 
I heard U gud wit dem soft lips ... 
Now baby I just wanna take yo freakiN clothes off .. kiss yo body while I take yo freakiN clothes off .. baby that's my body calliN yo name .. N baby that's yo body doiN the same .. 
Yeah ok let's do this .. Inbox Me < PROPFIRST > 1-200 And I Will Describe You In My Status # 
Yeah ok let's do this .. Inbox Me < PROPFIRST > And I Will Describe You In My Status # 
#18 my sis , the one wit dem sexy seductive eyes that be gettiN these dudes lol .. the gurl that stay txtiN N choir class lol . u got a kind heart kno wut < PROPFEMALE > want N life N U go get it .. liviN it 2 the fullest always rememberiN those loved ones that others seem 2 seldom forget always stayiN humble .. lov U gurl 
#13 aint seen yo ass N hellas since U graduated lol .. miss U .. we used 2 have a ball N psychology .. yeah miss them days wit < PROPFEMALE > wish U wud keep N touch 
#69 sho wish I cud meet U , prob shud have stayed N touch wit < PROPFEMALE > a lot more , U hella cool tho .. attractive N beautiful 
#68 . 2 ms. dancer lol .. naw but imu .. me N U both need 2 hit a club up again .. most def 
#44 U smell lyk corn < PROPFIRST > ps N ass LMAO .! I miss yo funny ass bra we gotta ride out next time N N the < PROPFIRST > 
#841 aw U bad ma .. beautiful forreal 
#33 U cool , dnt really kno a lot about < PROPFEMALE > lol .. but from wut I do kno U a real cool person 
#84 damn wer I start smh U beautiful .. yo smile everything .. lol .. I remember the first time I ever saw U U swear no lie everything stopped cudnt believe my eyes so beautiful .. N yeah I did try on the low lol .. but U had N still have a man N U happy N so I'm happy U deserve it 
#3 u cute 
#14410 dnt kno U lol sorry 
#21 U cute , pretty smile gon make a man real happy one day .. we need 2 < PROPFEMALE > out some mo 
#11 smh crazy beautiful love yo smile .. Plan on meeting U N person soon um um lol .. Need 2 stay N contact wit < PROPFEMALE > Ms. Beautiful 
#18 U cute 
#17 dnt kno U forreal but from wut I can U bad < PROPFEMALE > .. 
#1121 U cute young , dnt kno that much about < PROPFEMALE > lol but yeah U cool 
#4597 U hot ma .. real attractive 
#1111121 lol damn that's a lot of < PROPFIRST > naw but U always lookiN at my pics lol .. dnt really kno U personally but U cute 
#7 U cute dnt really kno U lyk that .. aint seen U around the school forreal .. but yeah U cute 
#95 damn gurl wer U been lol aint seen yo ass N hellas lol .. cnt keep N touch lol .. naw but imu-stay N touch 
#32 Mr. Taco Meat himself boi U stupid dumb for that .. need 2 start doiN yo work N 3rd hour forreal boi U swooped lol .. 
#28 got some great ass memories wit < PROPFEMALE > .. was def not disappointed wit < PROPFEMALE > ma .. all smiles txt me some time dnt have the same cell lost yo number .. Aw yeah N I made it U was right 
#1 damn gurl We're I start .. U a < PROPFEMALE > ziN I want U 2 kno that never told U this but I think now is best then later .. forreal funny beautiful sexy < PROPFEMALE > U got it all .. funny how I always wanted somethiN real N I let it pass N that was U people women lyk U dnt always come around I see that now U gon < PROPFEMALE > ke a < PROPFEMALE > n real happy one day gurl .. other than Imu .. much love 
#323 ;) beautiful .. smh wish I cud meet < PROPFEMALE > perfect 10 N month smh .. yo smile everything about < PROPFEMALE > U got it goiN on .. sexy ass lips lol .. just sayiN ;) 
#13 got much love fo U gurl , U beautiful N so much more 
#12 beautful body smile whole package .. an amazing ability 2 express yo feelings thru wut U write 
#24 wut can I say cuzo love U but U R annoyiN as hell lhh ... LBS forreal naw but U growiN into yo own gurl .. becomiN a young lady 
#360 U the straight wifey type .. sexy ass lips .. cute smile .. real down 2 earth 
#5 shit lol U already kno ;) 
#22 U amaziN forreal .. so beautiful .. yo smile so fine 
#94 lol .. aint gon even say nothiN U kno 
#1991 this dude right here shit iight boi lol .. naw U hella cool man , real down 2 earth , I can come 2 U N talk about anything .. U always there when I need < PROPFEMALE > 
#21 no matter wut U still my boo , gon always miss U , how U feel the same .. pretty smile 
#3 pretty ass smile lol .. plan on meeting U again when I return 2 the chi .. my boo til the end 
#47 this cool ass dude right here lhh .. man U funny as hell .. still trippiN off the fact that U called yo bro N class , N told mrs. rose 2 hold on U was haviN a convo smh .. funny but get it together man lol 
#15 a strait stranger N these streets lol talkiN bout me , lol naw imu , keep N touch 
#15 a strait stranger N these streets lol talkiN bout me lol naw imu , keep N touch 
#314 one of the only niggas I kno that rep stl all day everyday smh .. real talk as U say ... happy fo U tho man wit the kid N all best of luck 2 U bra be there for em he need < PROPFEMALE > , dnt be lyk < PROPFIRST > be there for yo son 
#44 hot milk ass lmao ... stupid nigga lol .. can imagine another high school day w/o yo ass .. keep yo head up bra 
#777 the real sexy calm-relaxed gurl .. always workiN hard while tryna have fun here N there .. still waitiN fo us 2 go out N have some drinks lol .. 
#17 hmp she aint seen nothiN wish I cud really show her my talents 1212 aint nothiN .. still contemplatiN on wut it is I want .. I will say this .. U R very much so real .. U strong never change that U beautiful . U my boo til the end 
This #'s game was fun but damn lol its hellas of yaw .. done for the night on them .. fun while it lasted 
GettiN that class ring 2morrow man that's crazy .. its finally here .. just another steppiN stone til that graduation .. 
Mtf .. talk 2 much .! Bout 2 have some serious problems 
|NO CHEATING !! Post this on your < PROPFEMALE > , even if you're \taken\ " && see what people want from you . INBOX ONLY ! 1 . ) Baby 2 . ) ANOTHER < PROPMALE > 3 . ) LOVE 4 . ) KISS ......... 5 . ) FRIENDSHIP 6 . ) CHILL7 . ) CUDDLE 8 . ) LONG RELATIONSHIP 9 . ) GOOD LAUGH 10 . ) AN APOLOGY 11 . ) < PROPMALE > TO BE FRIENDS 12 . ) A HUG 13 . ) SEX ;) " 
Ready for the weekend ... 
MissiN home .. got 1 mo week left .. til then I'll see U soon fam , lov yaw 
Dnt let the money change U ... 
Find a job U love N U will never have 2 work another day N your life ... 
Ready for this last week of school ... 
U can miss someone who died , you can miss someone who moved away , but the worst is having to miss someone you see everyday .. 
I tell em lyk this .. I am strong because I am weak . I'm beautiful because I know my flaws . I'm a lover because I am a fighter . I'm fearless because I have been afraid . I'm wise because I have been foolish . & I can laugh because I Have known sadness 
I didn't give up on you because I didn't care , I gave up because you didn't 
Every freakiN night and every freakiN day , I wanna freak U baby N every freakiN way .. ( Jodeci ) 
Let's get this week over wit .. forreal I'm ready for this break lol 
Smh .. fucked up a lot of things in the past smh .. its bad now .. but I kno its only as bad as I make it .. N I aint gon let it ruin my future ( Believe Dat ) 
These niggas funny as hell boi .! Nick .. How'd you fail Spanish , aint U Mexican ...? Bruno .. Nigga .! Dnt worry bout me wut U need 2 be worriN about is how N the hell failed English .. N U R american .. ( Smh ) 
When I whisper N her ear her legs hit the chandelier .. 
Idk about this french final man I swear that shit was 2 easy .. 100 problems smh easy first 1 done lol .. got a whole hour left smh 
One day I hope she feel wut I feel , N see wut I see .. N kno that all I want is her .. 
One mo day left til break let's get this done 
Miss wut we used 2 have ... before all the BS .. nothiN more .. nothiN mo than just our friendship .. used 2 be able 2 talk about anything .. now we walk around lyk we dnt kno each other . Not as much as a hi .. 
I just wanna be successful .. 
Niggas kill me sometimes , bra I dnt want her .. Nigga hot fo dat lol .. smh ... if I did I cud but I dnt 
Betta watch her she giviN me the eye on the low-key lol .. 
No school hell Yeah lol .. I'm cool wit dat break let's go 
my love is revolver , my sex is a killer ... do you wanna die happy ? ;) 
< PROPMALE > say its not rape if U lyk it lmao .. 
Shame I cnt be there wit < PROPFEMALE > on yo day , yo b-day but I kno I got < PROPFEMALE > N I'm gon make-up for it <3 <3 <3 
Mo tattoos 2day lol .. ( Smh ) swear they addictive 
They say money make the world go round , aey no lie lol N some cases yes it do but still nonetheless money aint everything ... 
AS WE GROW UP ; your best friend becomes your worst enemy . lollipops turn into blunts . the innocent ones turn into sluts . homework goes in the trash . cellphones are being used in class . time out becomes suspension . soda becomes vodka . kisses turn into sex . 
Smh .. I just wanna remember U as U wer I'm done .. 
Its amaziN the things that can happen N a Jacuzzi .. ;) 
U A hundred million dollar treasure I'll give the world 2 make U mine 
( Bored ) Lyk my status N I'll tell U wut I think about < PROPFEMALE > , send me a number N I'll rate < PROPFEMALE > N say smash R pass 
Say yes say yes say yessss gurrrlll .... 
I only go down if she cut her grass ... ;) 
Omg .. man here we go wit dis shit , people kill me on a everyday basis .. lol . Forreal yaw do , yaw say one thing then turn around N do the complete opposite N then look at me lyk I'm N the wrong fo puttiN yo dumb ass out ( smh ) 
The year goiN by fast , high almost over wit .. MissiN the old days but I cnt turn back now N dwell N the past , when I say I'm bout that I am , bout that future N I mean that-(DestiN fo Cali ) 
Everybody gets a shot .. that shot cud change the world , the only thing U need ask yoself is will U be ready when that time comes 
Never change yourself for anyone else ... Be U no matter what .. ( Be Real ) 
Believe N U and the man above when all else fails .. 
Life is what U make it .. 
2night was cool , lol .. based on this txt its bout 2 be even better .. loviN my life cudnt picture it any other way .. 
Gimmie that , gimmie that shot .! Yeah gimmie tha shot . I put it all on the line best believe I'm gon shine . I cnt fail wnt fail , U see everybody get that shot . The question is will U be ready . Will U be ready 2 take it , Never kno that shot cud change the world . ( I'm ready .. ) 
LookiN forward 2 chicago .. bout time I came back home 
I can lay U down , take yo panties off , kiss U soft lady .. Gurl .. U want it mild N sweet , satisfying .. I can give U satisfy .. I can give U gurl . She kno I kno all the places 2 kiss N turn her on , make her scream N moan . I'll do wiut she want .. I'll float my boat inside her ocaen give her this majic potion yeah ... ;) 
I can lay U down , take yo panties off , kiss U soft lady .. Gurl .. U want it mild N sweet , satisfying .. I can give U satisfy .. I can give U gurl . She kno I kno all the places 2 kiss N turn her on , make her scream N moan . I'll do wiut she want .. I'll float my boat inside her ocean give her this magic potion yeah ... ;) 
I'll take U away from all this .. trust me I'll do U right , w/e U need I got < PROPFEMALE > ... 
God works wonders ... 
LookiN forward 2 comiN back home 2 the < PROPFIRST > .. 
She lifted her palms 2 hold my face , because she want me 2 control my pace . She say she wanna feel it all .. slide thru the wrinkles of the walls , because the feeliN was 2 cold 2 wait .. 
Damn sometimes I wish life came wit a remote lol .. ( smh ) 
Time 2 hit the weight room , lol N stay N the weight room startiN 2 gain some unwanted weight lol .. 
Holiday Sex .! 
It aint nothiN lyk the 1st time tryna tell U I can blow yo mind , baby if I touch U here N kiss U there U gonna fall N love baby best beware ... 
Gurl Im gon take U somewhere that you never been , show U some things that will make U wanna show yo friends 
I think its time we take a trip 2 the bed , swear make-up sex is the best 
Let me break it down N tell U wut yo sex is like ... 
This christmas aint the same w/o the fam .. I love yaw N I wish I cud have made it 2 the < PROPFIRST > . Messed up the tradition lol .. I'll make it up tho . Gon make the most of it up here .. still thankful for everything up here , it is wut it is . Love yaw 2 
MissiN my nephews .. 
Money just change everything I wonder how life w/o it wud go from the concrete who knew that a flower wud grow 
Bout 2 hit up the weightroom .. 
Why is it so hard for people 2 keep it 1hunded .. 
Truth is ... We hide because we want to be found ... We walk away to see who follows ... We cry to see who wipes away the tears ... And we let our hearts be broken ... to see who comes ... and fixes them .. 
May the best of your 2days be the best of your 2morrows ... 
Everybody get a shot , everybody do . U never kno wut cud happen wit it cud change the world . I been ready fo my shot N I got it .. made it goiN 2 cali .. just be ready fo yaw shot , the world need yaw remember that , they act lyk they dnt but they do ... 
Direct Mail ONLY | 2010 is almost over !! Confess something u always wanted 2 tell me ( 100% PRIVATE ) put this as ur status . You might be surprised 
Dream big never stop , for when U do that will truly be the day your clock our clock stops tickiN-(Dream/ForeverYoung ) 
Be thankful for the Lyf U got , stop lookiN at wut < PROPFEMALE > aint got N start being thankful for wut < PROPFEMALE > do got .. ( Smh ) 
The price of fame is never easy .. 
Failure ain't a option , I work 2 hard for this shit .. Imma get mines .. ( Believe Dat ) 
LMAO .! Just came N thru the door gurl go flippiN over the side of the bed , cuzo lyiN on my bed necked smiliN lhh .. 
Everybody got a story .. some worse than others N some better .. we R who we choose 2 be .. life is wut < PROPFEMALE > make it . But I will say this its better lookiN back knowiN U wer the same then as now .. 2 kno yoself . -(Never change yoself for any1 else , be U no matter wut .! Be real ) 
She want it so Imma give it 2 her .. 
Direct Mail ONLY | 2010 is almost over !! Confess something u always wanted 2 tell me ( 100% PRIVATE ) put this as ur status . You might be surprised -(DestiN for Cali ) 
Just 1 of dem days .. ( Smh ) 
Anything worth having is worth fighting for .. 
Man smh this Raz B shit is crazy as hell lhh .. smh that shit is crazy .. chris brown went off mo lol 
All good things come 2 those that wait .. But a closed mouth dnt get fed lol .. ( Remember that ) 
69 any1 .. ;) only 1 condition I only go down if U cut yo grass lol .. 
VibiN- yellow light(twista ) 
Smh .. this aint how the day suppose 2 start off .. this some strait Bullshit .! Forreal .. smh 
Got that panty droppa for em .. 
Man wtf they N came far I'd like em 2 continue but damn the rams is strait sad right now help < PROPMALE > out shit lhh .. sad 
Boi I swear lhh .. some of yaw females crazy forreal .. 
Life is wut < PROPFEMALE > make it .! No regrets live it 2 he fullest .. cuz U never no when its yo time , when that clock stop tickiN .. ( Live it up everyday .. ) 
Got 2 get back on track working out everyday from here on out . Gotta hit these supplements up ( bars , shakes N wut not ) yeah its time .. 
You can't change the world without first changing yourself .. 
Look up into the sky wut < PROPFEMALE > see endless blue .. Yeah think of it as the ladder 2 success .. Aint no end 2 wut we all can do .. Strive for the best no matter wut .. ( Do yo thing .. ) 
copy this to your status and see what you get ( inboxed ) . \ 
Green : I wanna text . \ 
Black : I wanna kiss you\ 
Yellow : I think your cute\ 
... Grey : I wanna be friends\ 
Pink : I like you\ 
Orange : will you be mine\ 
Purple : I wanna chill 
I'll give her wut she want .. 
I hate when you're waiting for a text & then your phone vibrates but it's not from who you want ... ( Sigh ) lol .. 
If I give U mine can I get that other 60 , when it come 2 licky licky we can split it 50/50 , peanut butter skully < PROPMALE > have U comiN N a jippy damn skippy 
Working on a better me N a better 2morrow .. Not just for me R yaw but for the world 
It started wit a look , then a smile , covo .. Who wud have thought we wud be wer we R 2day .. 
Success always seems easy 2 those who weren't around when it was being earned .. 
Now let me find out , you'll let me blow yo spine out .. Sex game mean .. make U call a time out .. ( In my zone ) 
Gon make this 1 right , huh they say U cnt turn a hoe Into a house wife smh .. Proved em wrong lhh .. bruno a straight nigga for that applause lol .. 
She choosiN N it aint < PROPFEMALE > its me lol .. how bout that 
Where them real one's at .. Yeah that's wut I'm waitiN for 
Strait starviN over here lol .. ( Smh ) 
Its funny wut life will bring U .. Swear we used 2 be the best of friends now we walk the same halls see but at the same time dnt see each other . Its as if we aint there .. life I kno bring its differences but .. I show miss the old days .. 
Everybody dnt get 2nd chances N life if U R one of the lucky few 2 get 1 make the most of it ... ( Life is wut you make it ) 
Dnt make some1 a priority when they only make U an option .. 
Imma give em wut they want .. ( I wnt fail -Believe Dat ) 
LoviN cali ... wit each new day 
Change can only occur when U decide .. 
( Sigh ) she aint doiN it right .. 
She say 2 me he aint doiN it right babe .. I need somebody who can .. U think U cud fix that for me .. 
Smh .. lil bro down , say gurl broke his heart or at least he feel .. ( Smh ) move on 2 the next is wut I say , lyf short dnt waste your time wit somebody that makes U an option when N doubt 2 U they R a priority .. ( 2 the next ) 
Fuck that .! no aint a answer .. I work 2 damn hard for this shit ... Got 2 get mines ( Believe Dat ) 
Eagles or Packers .. 
Omg .. man lhh vick U let me down man smh .. strait gotta pay up damn strait talkiN aw head earlier .. :'( strait broke now lol ( hurt ) 
I can lay U down .. Take yo panties off .. Kiss U soft lady ... Gurl .. U want it mild N sweet satisfyiN I can give U satisfy I can give U gurl .. She kno I kno all the places 2 kiss N turn her on make her scream N moan .. I'll do wut she want .. I'll float my boat inside her ocean give her this magic potion yeah .. ;) 
I said this before , round 2- 69 any1 , only one condition I only go down if U cut yo grass .. lol 
Ready for this week .. until then listening 2 music , vibiN til I fall asleep 
It is only with the heart that one can see clearly what is essential is invisible to the eye 
Its only with the heart can 1 see clearly what is essential is invisible to the eye .. 
G spot hitter .. 
Cnt sleep .. ( Smh ) still vibiN 2 the music .. 
Tattoos 2day .. first gotta hit up thye gym .. 
Believe in you N the man above when all else fails ... 
God's < PROPMALE > .. 
Smh .. Pops gon get his fuckiN ass beat .. If he keep on .. this aint the time 2 be tryna fuck me over .. cuz it dnt work .. Never has never will .. keep on he gon find himself in a hole .. 
Bout 2 hope N the shower but damn < PROPFEMALE > good on the game :) smh .. god damn loviN this show lol 
VibiN 2 the music d -_- b 
She a keeper .. 
She say she want me .. Lol 
The light over my head is a ghost because there's no light fixture where I'm standing 
Do me right < PROPFEMALE > .. 
So many 2 choose from .. Dnt kno wut I want .. Lost for words .. 
Tattoos so addictive lol .. 
She give me thoughts ... 
Glad 2 see another day .. Glad 2 be breathing fresh air this A.M 
Ready for college N cali ... 
MissiN the old days .. But nonetheless I aint lookiN back .. Its a reason U N the past ( Life goes On ) 
Cnt nobody do it lyk I do < PROPFEMALE > .. She umm .. really now .. 6hrs pass .. ;) speechless .. 
Trust in me as I do you , N baby we will go far .. 
Crazy lol .. crazy 2 think it all started wit a smile .. U the best < PROPFEMALE > .. Forreal U the best ... 
Wish I cud get a second < PROPMALE > .. 
My legs wnt stand w/o U < PROPFEMALE > .. 
Three Day weekend let's start it off right .. 
McCluer North VS Pattonville 
Show me someone that can keep it 1hunded N I'll show U real < PROPFEMALE > .. 
Never make a promise U cnt keep .. 
LyiN can only get U so far .. ( Just Be Real ) But I guess that's hard now-a-days .. 
Make sure that the people N yo network have the same goals as U , at the very least R goiN somewhere ... 
God work wonders .. 
Dnt give N to the B's .. 
Jets vS Patriots 
She say R U a hustler ? I say well wut is the definition of a hustler ? She says I take that as a yes .. Me : well 2 me N life U R either 1 of 2 .. Your either a hustler R you'll being hustled .. N U kno there's N old sayiN amongst gamblers .. if U look around the room , N U cnt find the < PROPFIRST > lol .. your the < PROPFIRST > .. 
When I look back N see where we came 2 now I smile .. I mean who wud have ever thought we wud be where we at 2day ... The sayiN come 2 mind behind every great man there is a lovely N great women .. Might just have found that 1 .. < PROPFEMALE > U the best .. 
She on my mind .. 
Make it dnt let it make U .. 
Sprint store waitiN on this upgrade .. 
I hate pussy weak ass niggas .. but it becomes a whole new problem when they so weak they cnt handle they emotions so instead they take it out on a female .. ( wrong ) Hope I never see yo ass nigga .. for real U fucked up big time partner .. ( Shud never get 2 that point , so weak .. ) 
If U dnt stand for somethiN U will fall for anything .. ( Everything that glitter aint < PROPFEMALE > ) It may not be easy but wut is .. 
I can only dream for so long .. Its time 2 make these dreams a reality .. 
Got that panty droppa .. 
I'm done wit it ... 
Damn man .. Smh .. why , why why .. why I do it smh .. I dnt even kno wut 2 say but that I fucked up .. 
2 much snow lol .. smh 
She a one of a kind .. 
I dnt kno wut I'd do without her .. < PROPFEMALE > U the best <3 
F . A . M . E ( Forgive All My Enemies ) this will be part of my other tat 
Nothing is easy .. 
Iron Age or STL ink 
So misunderstood but wuts a world w/o enigma ? 2 b .. At the same time synchronized swimmers .. Got the girl twisted cuz she open when U twist her .. Never met the b .. But I f-ck her lyk I missed her .. Lhh .. ( 6 foot 7 foot ) go .. 
Lhh .. < PROPMALE > say fuck that shit , my money up U niggas just < PROPFEMALE > Nut . Lhh .. ( 6 foot 7 foot ) 
Kiss or hug : \ 
Smash or pass : \ 
Have I ever liked you :\ 
First impression :\ 
Can you dress : \ 
Would I ever date you : \ 
You and me should :\ 
LIke ((: 
Cali .. A dream come true 
#Truth Be Told-(Like ) 
Sometimes U have 2 glance at the past 2 keep the present strong .. 
I always fall for yo type .. ohhh ... Man this song got me strait vibiN .. 
FeeliN real blessed 2day .. Smh .. Damn God Works Wonders .. 
Packers .! 
Wtf ..!! Awww damn ... wer they do that at smh .. Jets I'm hurt I'm hurtiN awww man time 2 revy up .. smh .. time 2 pay up lol .. broke smh talkiN all head 2 aw man .. I'm hurt lol .. 
Let's start this week off right .. 1st N foremost God I wanna say thank U for waking me up this morning .. N blessiN me with the people N my life . Dnt kno where I wud be w/o U . Lol .. Its true God works wonders .. Let's start this week off right .. 
Its time fo a change .. 
Man smh ... where would I be without my music .... 
My boi < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Wiggley said it best .! U better claim wuts yours before somebody else do ... U ain't never lie lol .. 
Smh .. forgot all about this 4 < PROPFEMALE > essay smh lol .. 
Lhh .. Smh at < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > but its still funny . Teacher say < PROPMALE > omg why R U TalkiN when I'm giving instructions 2 the class , why .! Just tell me that .. < PROPMALE > Mrs. Dixon .! Why R U giving instructions during my conversation .... Lhh .. ( Step out N the hall ) U kno I'm 2 old for that , shall I call security I'm out lol smh .. 
It's hard 2 wait around for somethiN U kno might never happen .. but it's harder to give up when U kno it's everything you want ... ( Cali-Bound ) 
A Broken Heart is like a Broken Mirror its better to leave it broken than to hurt yourself trying to fix it ..... Just SayiN ( Cali-Bound ) 
Just had a talk with the marines ... ( Intersting ) 
Bro < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > said it best man .. **Life can either be accepted or changed . If it is not accepted , it must be changed . If it cannot be changed , then it must be accepted . **(IN DAT ORDER ) Real talk-(Cali-Bound ) 
Its only so much 1 can take before U push em 2 that peak .. Be careful wut < PROPFEMALE > ask for .. ( Cali-Bound ) 
Yes ... finally lol .. essay is done , all smiles 5 pages smh .. Its all worth it N the end I guess 
Glad 2 be breathing fresh air this a . m ... ( Cali-Bound ) 
Up here waiting 2 talk wit the marines .. 
I want it so bad ... I can see it , can almost touch it .. Its no longer a dream lol .. reality just set N .. I made it ( Cali-Bound ) 
I didn't give up on U because I didn't care , smh .. I gave up because U didn't ... ( Cali-Bound ) 
Dnt give N 2 the B's that U hear .. 
It's not easy but then what is .. Stick through it .. Its better 2 look back knowiN U wer the same goiN in then 2 look back N not kno who U R anymore .. ( Cali-Bound ) 
Make sure your network is filled with people that have the same mind-set as U N that R at least going somewhere N life .. ( Cali-Bound ) 
If I was yo boyfriend .. ( Like ) 
I can make it work ... 
The road to success is not straight ... \ 
There is a curve called failure , a loop called confusion , \ 
speed bumps called friends , red lights called enemies , \ 
caution lights called family , you will have flat tires called jobs , \ 
but if you have a spear called determination , a driver called God , \ 
you will make it to the place called success .!! 
All I need is one true 1 the day that happen is the day I show the true meaning of real .. 
McCluer North VS Hazelwood West 
Smh .. Shit is so ridiculous , people be on 1 .. Start droppiN some people out this network shit aint working ... 
Ready for cali .. ( Cali-Bound ) 
Lost my < PROPFEMALE > , I give up fuck all yaw ... forreal I dnt wanna hear that shit .. People gon get fucked up real quick .. 
Make it .. Dnt let it make U .. ( Cali-Bound ) 
Bout 2 roll me up a blunt wit my list of regrets .. 
The road 2 success is not straight ... \ 
caution lights called family , U will have flat tires called jobs , \ 
but if U have a spear called determination , a driver called God , \ 
U will make it 2 the place called success .!! (Cali-Bound ) 
Lhh .. like Mr. Reed say its better 2 be pissed off then pissed on ... ( Cali-Bound ) 
If U dnt stand for something U will fall for anything . The road is never easy but then again wut is ... Keep yo head focused after all .. They say the sky is the limit , :) the sky is endless .. Yo potential is endless ... ( Cali-Bound ) 
Put This As Your Status & See What U Get ! ( INBOX ONLY ! )\ 
 Red -I used to like you ;D \ 
 Grey -i wanna be friends :-p \ 
 Purple -i wanna get to know you (: \ 
 Black -i wanna kiss you : -* 
There comes a time in life , when you walk away from all the drama and people who create it . You surround yourself with people who make you laugh , forget the bad , and focus on the good . So , love the people who treat you right . Pray for the ones who don't . Life is too short to be anything but happy . Falling down is part of LIFE ... Getting back up is LIVING ........ Re-post if you agree 
 Black -i wanna kiss you : -*\ 
...  Pink -i like you ? \ 
 Yellow -you're cute ;] \ 
 Indigo -i miss you :( \ 
 White -i wanna see you more . :`] \ 
 Gold -i wanna be your valentine ? \ 
 Green -we should chill =) \ 
 Blue - i wanna be yours 
;) Make-up sex .. 
Anything worth having is worth fighting for ... ( Cali-Bound ) 
Ready fir Cali .. Its no longer just a dream its a reality .. 
We dnt need no script for this ... 
Yeah let's do this #'s game .. Hit my inbox .. 
#13 cool ass nigga .. Swear one of the funniest dudes I kno .. I remember when U used 2 crack jokes on me N cali .. slave ass nigga lhh .. my nigga since cross-keys days 
#5042 funny how we met U crazy funny .. Got yo own personality .. Not like everybody else U do U N U do U well ma .. never change that .. U specail N dnt let any1 tell U different .. 
#35 smh .. A mess my dude a mess smh .. I remember when U N < PROPMALE > both got F's < PROPMALE > in spanish N he asked hime how the hell he did that N he is spanish then he says NIGGA .! Dnt worry bout me how N the hell did U fail english N Your american lhh .. yaw still my niggas aey though get it together man .. Lol forreal 
#27 ;) um um ummm smh lil momma bad .. Aey shawty let me talk 2 U for a < PROPFEMALE > now U see I been watchiN U for a lil < PROPFEMALE > and baby U got it goiN on so ugh .. go ahead N right yo number down fo I dnt want it no mo lhh .. a mess naw but U is somethiN else gon make some1 real happy one day gon have 2 make sure I come back N see U yo senior year .. 
#4567 smh Imu forreal U N dem jeans smh lol .. I kno I plays but I'm serious naw but even the sweat pants U lol U was nice < PROPFEMALE > .. I was serious when I said that lol .. Last time I saw U , U had a < PROPFEMALE > n I'm guessiN at the movies .. Smh .. That's should have been me .. 
#1 Ms. Beautiful wer do I start .. U a < PROPFEMALE > ziN in every aspect , rather by the way U walk , talk , look U just somethiN else . Strong-willed U keep yo head up even in the toughest of times U a soilder < PROPFEMALE > .. I love everything about U , N what I said before still stands even when I < PROPFEMALE > ke it I will never change who I am .. N I hope U dnt either cuz when I do < PROPFEMALE > ke it I'm comiN back for U <3 
#unodos smh I DNT HAVE TIME .. Lhh U somethiN else ma .. U kinda funny lol .. naw U halarious N U be so serious smh .. Wud not have been fun being an office aid w/o U kept me smiliN all the time .. Even tho sometimes I annoyed U its all love lol . Ms. Twerk ;) well 2 flocka of course .. 
#12 damn its been a < PROPFEMALE > since I have talked 2 U , shit seen U after middle school I remember the old elementary days somedays I dnt have lunch N U wud give me somethiN 2 eat so serious lol .. Definitely one of the truest N best friends .. 
#314 the gurl wit that booty naw I'm jp .. the one who was gon beat my ass cuz lol I bumped into her .. Have a nice voice I be hearing U .. Well that N yo side comments on the class .. 
#45 skittle-grease pop biscuit noodle orange face < PROPMALE > face hamchawk lhh .. never forget that sayiN lhh .. Need 2 get yo ass back N school N leave them gurls alone they gon get U caught up .. 
#401 swear U right U do be N yo own little world < PROPFEMALE > .. lol its cool though . Very beautiful love yo smile , U cute . U do U N U do U well < PROPFEMALE > .. N that's wut I like about < PROPFEMALE > .. 
#1919 gon have 2 show U how 2 update yo FB status from skype lol .. Very cute , loviN yo dimples N that smile .. Gon have 2 come visit U down there at FAMU .. 
#007 dnt even see U anymore not even in the hallways .. Cute smile .. Dnt really know much about < PROPFEMALE > .. I do kno U kinda funny N U be askiN for an ass whoopiN the way U be talkiN like U hard sometimes lol .. 
#39 W's lol we represent for the W's lol .. my nigga Mr. Jerk man .. the one that first got me jiggiN after I saw him do the stanky leg at football practice N I aint never stopped danciN since then lhh .. The one that dislocated , split well carked my collarbone N partially tore my shoulder muscle lol .. smh its all gud tho .. 
#69 interesting choice of number ;) just sayiN U kno lol let me stop hmm .. somethiN sexy bout < PROPFEMALE > just how U < PROPFEMALE > yoself .. Love yo lips .. Funny 2 say this never met < PROPFEMALE > but I do kno if there was anything I needed 2 talk about I kno U wud be there 2 listen N likewise for me N I thank U for that .. 
#8694 big ass number lhh .. Bum .! Naw dnt kno a lot about but I will say U keep me smiliN even when I'm mad .. I cnt help but smile 
#24 My sis til the end .. I'll go 2 the ends of the earth for .. I love U N never forget that .. Lol .. how many years lol .. wut 4th grade was it yeah lol .. Yeah 4th grade lol N now look at us lol .. Gon have 2 keep these niggas off U well try anyway .. Lol .. Dnt U forget about me sis N college N I will make sure 2 do the same .. 
#777 ;) U somethiN else got lots of love for U , U say I went MIA lhh .. Smh .. say she been right here .. gon have 2 make up for that ;) N I will ... 
#071692 ;) smh .. wish I cud have stayed down there wit < PROPFEMALE > , from the moment I saw U I had a crsuh lol no lie .. yo smile dem lips them eyes .. ;) N everything else . Beautiful , sexy yeah < PROPFEMALE > .. U got it all .. But U kno I find there is nothing I can do about the past but I can order my future based on wut I do N my present so wit that said I will be visitiN U .. <3 do wut I shud have done a long time ago .. 
#6 hella cool be danciN but then wanna stop when a nigga look lol .. beautiful got a lot 2 learn though about some things but that will come , just keep doiN u ma .. U doiN it well .. Never change yoself for any1 else be real .. 
#18 love them eyes .. ;) lol .. Always there when I need somebody well almost but nonetheless there . We need 2 talk mo .. 
#19 1st I want < PROPFEMALE > 2 kno I love U N I cud never lose U for Idk where I wud be ... U amazing , beautiful sis U kno U got it lol .. Still recall when I first met U . D.A.R.E lol old dances .. SittiN on the wall . Wuts a beautiful gurl like U sittiN over here by yourself . U smiled .. Can I sit lol look at us now .. <3 
#3 damn its been a < PROPFEMALE > , we need 2 meet again N this time I'm gon finish wut I started in the front yard lol ;) lbs .. 
Smash or pass .. Q & A , hit my inbox .. ( Wit a #) 
IIV most definitely s < PROPFEMALE > sh .. U cute < PROPFEMALE > .. Dnt really kno U that well but hey wutsup lol .. But from yo pics yeah keep doiN wut < PROPFEMALE > doiN < PROPFEMALE > U doin it well .. 
#95 miss seeiN U , used 2 put a smile on face , AT ALL TIMES .. Need 2 talk more .. Definitely smash ;) 
#2112 ( smash or pass)- I'm gon have 2 say smash ;) 
#4 < PROPFEMALE > U beautiful .. U have a cute smile , U talk a lot of stuff when it come 2 certain subjects ;) but its cool U kno U say I do 2 but forreal I just < PROPFEMALE > ke statements lol .. ( S < PROPFEMALE > sh ) 
#35811 U cute , dnt kno much about < PROPFEMALE > , I just smile N say hi when I see U walkiN N the halls yeah lol .. ( Smash ) 
#1 <3 U already kno ;) smash 
#458 smash ;) 
#6789 ;) definitely s < PROPFEMALE > sh .. U beautiful , funny hella cool .. Ms. Twerk .. Known U for hellas since idk how long but I'm gon say at least 5th grade . U was bad then aint much changed now .. I wanted U then still do lol .. Keep doiN wut < PROPFEMALE > doiN U doiN it well < PROPFEMALE > .. ;) <3 
#11 U cute , kinda funny , although U talk big game sometimes lol U still cool 
#12j pass cuz U my friend , hella cool , still can beat my ass N basketball smh I be tryiN though lol .. 
#2011 smash ;) U somethiN else keep me smiliN .. 
#303030 d -_- b ..?? Big ass number lol .. Smash-but since U my friend I cnt do that so pass . U hella cool U kno I always gotta mess wit < PROPFEMALE > rather a shove R a stare lol .. Thanks for helpiN with my windows I kno U tired yo best lol 
#13 um um umm ;) s < PROPFEMALE > sh , dnt kno U well enough 2 give much feedback then that .. but keep doiN U < PROPFEMALE > smh U doiN it well .. 
#1992 s < PROPFEMALE > sh ;) U already kno < PROPFEMALE > .. Imu I miss the old days when I used 2 be out there N U wud have me rolliN 
#8694 d -_- b bum ... 
#5 XD lhh .. a mess I am .. Lol .. U real cool , U can sing yo ass off , N U love god 
Let go & let God .. ( Cali-Bound ) 
The price of fame is never easy .. But then again wut is ... ( Cali-Bound ) 
The dream is withiN reach .. Lol .. Its no longer a dream .. Its a reality .. ( Cali-Bound ) 
Live & Learn .. ( Cali-Bound ) 
Nothing is ever easy .. Keep your mind focused on the task at hand , lol .. U will be surprised 2 find out how much U can truly achieve . Understand that everything is a blessing good or bad . God will not put on U wut U can not bear . Live & Learn , the sky is the limit .. N another thing the sky has no limit . The limits 2 wut U can achieve or endless ... ( Cali-Bound ) 
MissiN her .. <3 ( Cali-Bound ) 
Packers .! Let's bring this one on home .. 
Green Bay .! 
Aey let's goooo ... packers on they ass .. 
Aey .! Pay up , where that money at ... Aw shit over 200 , all green my nig .! Green Bay , I told yaw ... Its 2 late 2 jump on the bandwagon Pay up .! Lol .. ( Cali-Bound ) 
Know that nothing is easy .. But with that said anything is possible , its all up to U .. God will not put on U wut U can not bear .. ( Cali-Bound ) 
Anything is possible .. It just depend on how bad U want it .! If U want it bad enough U will do wut needs 2 be done in order 2 achieve it ( Cali-Bound ) 
Sometimes I find myself missing how we used 2 be .. Used 2 be able 2 talk about anything .. Now look at us smh .. ( Cali-Bound ) 
You can never fail with God .. For he truly works wonders ... ( Cali-Bound ) 
Believe in you N God when all else fails .. ( Cali-Bound ) 
She say I'm her angel .. A gift from the heavens and the man above . She say she just knows .. She is my mother N she aint never lie .! Destined For greatness ( Cali-Bound ) 
Feel like giving up .. ( Smh ) giving up on some things .. But U kno wut even with that said I do the exact opposite .. I just dnt , that wud just be 2 easy ... ( Cali-Bound ) 
Smh .. Swear lol .. when real shit happen U see real niggas ( Cali-Bound ) 
Our thoughts create our reality - where we put our focus is the direction we tend to go ... ( Cali-Bound ) 
Our thoughts create our reality - where we put our focus is the direction we tend to go ... Believe N U and the man above when all else fails .. Through him anything is possible .. ( Cali-Bound ) 
McCluer Vs McCluer North 
You are not finished when U lose .. U are finished when U quit .. ( Cali-Bound ) 
To get something you never had , you have to do something you never did .. Its never easy but then again wut is .. U see everybody get there shot 2 make a difference , every1 do .. It cud be the smallest thing as a smile it matters .. ( Cali-Bound ) 
Everything is a gift .. Be thankful for there is always someone less fortunate .. God once again I can't say it enough thank U for everything . Its all just so unreal 2 me . U a awesome god .. ( Cali-Bound ) 
Understand that nothing is easy .. It all falls on U , how bad U want it .. If U want it bad enough U will do what is necessary 2 succeed 2 that goal N beyond .. ( Cali-Bound ) 
Life is what U make it ... Don't waste it with people that are not moving forward .. Keep yo head high enjoy who U R and wut U have for there will always be someone less fortunate . Its all a journey 2 the promise land , each day we get closer N closer .. Do U no matter what ( Cali-Bound ) 
Remember this its only as hard as U make it .. Take a step back N breath , N really breath lol .. U will be surprised 2 see how little of a deal things really R , nothing is 2 big that U can't handle . If U put yo mind 2 it anything is possible .. ( Cali-Bound ) 
Anything is possible if U want it bad enough .. The sky is the limit N there is no end to the sky .. The limits 2 wut U can achieve are endless .. It won't be easy but then again wut is .. ( Cali-Bound ) 
Only dwell on things you can change .. ( Cali-Bound ) 
She calling me .. N < PROPFEMALE > is her name .. I was made for this , born 2 do this .. Born 2 make a change ( Cali-Bound ) 
Finally got my phone back .. 
Sometimes U can be your own worst enemy .. ( Cali-Bound ) 
Flava .! 
North let's go .. Let's bring this one on home .. 
Sometimes I wish I cud start some things over in my life , take things back I did and shud have done .. wish I wud have done more ... learned more , but nonetheless its in the past I can't look back now Im about my future I want this shit 2 bad 2 give up ... when I say Im \Destined For Greatness\ " I mean it ... I was made for this\ 
Need a haircut smh .. I'm hurtiN lol ( Cali-Bound ) 
Already ready for this week 2 be over with lol .. But nonetheless I'm gon take it one day at a time . God I want 2 say thank U for everything in my life gud N bad , for I kno U will not put on me wut I can not bear .. N that everything is a learning experience . Thank U .. Let's start this week off right ( Cali-Bound ) 
Everybody need goals in life .. ( Cali-Bound ) 
Its ok 2 dream big .. But with that said U can only dream for so long .. Why not turn your dream into a reality ? I mean the sky is the limit right .. And between me N U there is no end 2 the sky . So with that said the limits 2 wut U can do wut U can achieve R endless ... ( Cali-Bound ) 
Time 2 make this money ... $$$$$ ( Cali-Bound ) 
Where there is a will there is a way .. Anything is possible it just depend on how bad U want it .. Go get it .! It won't be easy but then again wut is ? If U want it bad enough U will go get it .. ( Cali-Bound ) 
God has been 2 gud to me .. Its time for me 2 finalize my part of the relationship .. He has put me N this situation its up 2 me take full advantage of it .. I kno I can do this so let's go .. I was made for this .. It ain't a joke Destined For Greatness .. ( Cali-Bound ) 
Need advice .. ( Cali-Bound ) 
Sometimes God has 2 let life turn U upside down .. So U can learn how 2 live right side up .. ( Cali-Bound ) 
Ignorance is sometimes the most sincere form of flattery .. ( Cali-Bound ) 
A lot on my mind .. Thought I cud handle it , N the funny thing is I cud but I let my old ways take over once again smh .. Can still see the light but it ain't gon be easy , yet at the same time wut is ... \ 
( Cali-Bound ) 
This college stuff is crazy lol .. When it all comes down 2 it .. Cali is where I'm headed .. 
Got a scholarship 2 both mizzou N Illinois lol .. Kinda late on the notice , but its all gud .. 
Wish I cud get a second < PROPMALE > ... ( Cali-Bound ) 
This message has just been sent through cricket mobile lhh .. 
If U want people 2 start taking you serious start acting serious ... ( Cali-Bound ) 
Bout 2 get some breakfast from McDonald's lol .. After that need 2 start finishing these essays N getting my paper work together for AMDA 
The deadline is almost here ... Got 2 give em everything I got , the dream is a reality my reality . AMDA audition on 5th I'm ready .. Cali here I come .. \ 
To live doesn't mean your alive ... ( Cali-Bound ) 
I'M A VIRGIN . \Like\ " this if you DON'T believe me . Post this as your status & see how many people DON'T believe you . " 
Finishing these essays for college , then gon feel out my transcripts . Almost certain this is the college for me yeah lol its off 2 cali ... ( Cali-Bound ) 
Need a prom date .. ( Cali-Bound)_ 
NO CHEATING : Post this as your status and see what people want from you .... \INBOX ONLY\ " \ 
Can't let Mrs. Hubbard down .. most definitely need 2 get these lines down pack . Senior year why not end it doing something U love doing .. \ 
Sometimes I wish I cud start over from the beginning .. Wish I wud have txted back that day , or just in the fact of me wondering what cud have been .. But now I see , its quite clear , I made the right choice\ 
If U want people 2 start taking U serious start acting serious ... ( Cali-Bound ) 
God is good .. ( Cali-Bound ) 
St. Louis so wack lhh .. Miss chicago .. Ready for cali .. \ 
FB niggas kill me boi , lhh .. \ 
Stay true 2 yourself , never change for anyone ... If they can't except U for U , that being as U are then they don't deserve U\ 
Thought she was over me , or so she said . See me her heart drop , miss what she had . Miss what she felt ;) . Naw baby I'm gud .. Word of Advice : For everything U won't do some1 else will , for what U didn't appreciate some1 else will .. \ 
I got a short attention span when it come 2 ignorance .. Just sayiN ... \ 
So its a storm coming smgdh ... Just watching a movie shit get gud mf cut off ain't that a bitch lhh .. 
Saturday is the day , a new chapter N my life will start . My audition for Cali . A dream come true .. I was made for this\ 
Just as easy as U was chosen U can be replaced ... ;) just sayiN\ 
Can't stand people that think the world revolve around them .. \ 
Hold her , Kiss her , Squeeze her . Tell her you love her .. But here's the catch , U have to actually mean it this time . Play in her hair .. Just sit there and look at her when she's mad at you .. Let her mad ass fall asleep in Your arms ... \ 
Been stressing , I can't do this alone . I'm only one man . One man alone can only do so much but with guidance from the lord I can do anything . God I need U more than ever . I know I can do this , I know I want this and I know 2nd chances don't always come around , give me strength ... \ 
Let me know when he ain't doiN it right ... cuz < PROPFEMALE > I got just what U need ... ;) \ 
Open your eyes , the truth will set U free lol ... It can sometimes appear blind but its there nonetheless . Right in front of your eyes . Just take a step back , do less talking and more listening , then and only then will U see the truth ... \ 
Need a prom date ... \ 
Not stressiN over em .. Its really nothing 2 worry about , just as easy as U was chosen U can be replaced ... \ 
No one else is responsible for the position U R in ... The day U stop complaining N start owning up is the day change will come ... \ 
< PROPFEMALE > I can please U in so many ways .. From your lips down 2 yo feet . I aim 2 please N that's just wut I do . I'm gonna kiss U on yo lips put this between yo hips N let yo backbone slip .. When I dip \ 
< PROPFEMALE > I'm gon touch U in some many places ... I'm gonna get the back of yo knees wet ;) \ 
Looking forward 2 that cali weather ... \ 
I can only talk so much , I get tired of talking I'd much rather walk it lol .. U feel me\ 
Gon be a long night , N morning lol .. A lot on my mind ... Festival 2day , gotta sing in front of the judges . Can't let Mr. Baker down . Sat , off 2 the renaissance 8:30 audition . A crazy week , god give me strength .. I want it so bad , I can feel it almost touch it . That's how real it is .. No longer a dream , its a reality .. \ 
God give me strength ... \ 
Feel like giving up smh .. Would never have thought it would get 2 this ... \ 
The day is here , have uncertainty but nonetheless I must do it . 2nd chances do not come around often so when U get them make the most out of it . God give me strength .. \ 
I'm in that pursuit of happiness ... \ 
If I cud give her anything it wud be the world in the palm of my hand ... \ 
I do for my other .. W/e it is I got < PROPFEMALE > , see I know just wut U need < PROPFEMALE > .. I'm gon do it 2 U just like this : I'm gon < PROPFEMALE > ke U feel as if U don't even kno yo body yet . I'm gon get the back of yo knees wet .. I'm gonna kiss U on yo lips , put dis between yo hips N let yo backbone slip ... Baby when I dip ;) just sayiN .. \ 
Let's see yeah lol .. Nothing else 2 do lol .. Inbox me some Q & I'll answer them .. \ 
#Definitely bored\ 
Q : what do miss most about chicago ? \ 
A : that's easy < PROPFEMALE > lol .. The fam , yeah definitely the fam 
Q : Do U miss me ? \ 
A : lol .. Honestly naw not really , sowwie :D 
Q : when am i gon see my sexy stranger again ;) \ 
A : lhh .. Whenever U wud like 2 meet just let me know 
Q : If I wanted a second < PROPMALE > with us what would you say to that ? \ 
A : Well what I'd say is that I'm sorry < PROPFEMALE > .. But after U did me like that I'm gud , I won't go through that again , nor take second < PROPMALE > s wit people . I'm sure U understand , like I said before what U won't do or take care of someone else will ... 
Q : Nigga when U gon upgrade to the big weights lhh ... \ 
A : Nigga fuck U lhh .. U stupid nigga lol .. I don't have time lhh .. 
Q : When U gon get taller lol ? XD \ 
A : d -_- b ..?? Lol .. Aw I see , look man moms 4'11 lhh .. This tall for me .. N nigga U 6'6 tf lhh .. 
Q : wht Do Yuh Like About Me And Whats My Best Feature\ 
A : Well first N foremost U are really laid back N chill which is what I like , I can talk U well for the most part about anything N everything . Yo smile , them curves lol .. Best feature that's tough forreal I can't even answer that if anything its everything lol .. 
Q : Do U eat out ? \ 
A : Ugh .? Lol .. That's ugh 2 much of a question 
Q : When U make big in cali , are U gon change like uncle Rob\ 
A : Nephew of course not , no matter how much success , how much money I make I will still be the same guy , money ain'yt everything , I mean it's somethiN lol but it ain't everything . I will never change man , still yo uncle , when I make it we all make it .. Remember that .. Love U lil dude 
Q : Rate me on a scale of 1-10 , smash or pass .? \ 
A : 10 hands down lol .. N smash ;) 
Q : what would u rate me ? \ 
A : 9.5 
Q : When U gone get yo back tatted up\ 
A : When I get back 2 cali , might get one on my forearm as well 2 
Q : If I asked for another kiss cud I get it ..? \ 
A : Lol .. Of course ;) 
Q : Cud I get another massage ? :) \ 
A : I think I cud do that , yeah ;) I got < PROPFEMALE > .. 
Q : Whts yo fav position ? <3 ( sex)\ 
A : Smh .. All of em lol .. Naw but ugh damn that's tough its tied lol between a 69 , doggy style and a missionary , gon say doggy style ;) 
Q : Why R U so blessed ? \ 
A : God 
Q : What do U like the most about me , what do U miss , and if we could start over , would you ... \ 
A : U a one-of-a-kind , U keep it real no matter what . U always got my best interest , U got much love fo ya boy . I miss the days when we cud just talk about anything now we barely speak if that . Holding U N my arms N then kissing U . If I was 2 start over it wud only be 2 become friends again 
Q : So ;) U not gone answer my question lol , do U eat out ..! :) <3 \ 
A : Smh .. U persistent lol .. Smh .. Only if U cut yo grass .. 
Q : What's the longest U gone ( Sexually ) ..? <3 ;) \ 
A : Damn freaks come out at night lhh .. Idk where yaw get these Q's from but honestly gon say 4-5 hrs that's about it not 2 long lol .. 
Q : If you could give me anything what would it be ? \ 
A : If I could give U anything it would be the world in the palm of my hands .. Lol .. So true 
Q : Tevin I love yo lips\ 
A : smh .. Lol that's a statement not a question lol 
Q : What turns you on , when it comes 2 girls ? \ 
A : Someone that does them , a leader not a follower , beautiful smile , lovely lips , dimples , long hair REAL HAIR lhh .., a gurl that has goals , that don't need a man but want one , a tease , a gud kisser , I'm a man that loves hips a women wit booty is a plus lol just sayiN , aw yeah this shud have been first she gotta love GOD 
Q : If I Was Yur Girl And I Was By Yur Side Widd every Step Yuh Wanted Me To Take Widd Yuh !! Would Yuh Do The Same ? \ 
A : If U was , I wud most definitely do the same , when I'm in a relationship I'm nothiN but faithful , yes sure there are trials N tribulations that will occur but they R only there 2 make U stronger if U smart like me U know how 2 avoid them for the better 
Q : Do you use pick-up lines ? \ 
A : Naw lhh .. That's wack lol it's so much better 2 be real . That's all females want it somebody that's gon be real . N that's where men go wrong coming wit game R so they say . Aey am , grabbiN gurls by the wrist naw I don't do that if I see a gurl I like I walk over 2 her , I start convo don't care if she wit her girls call it bold if U want 2 lol .. I just be me N that's real 
I say hey lil momma ... \ 
Yo dude wild man lhh .. man walked up here in subway at my job and asked if we sell cheeseburgers tf .! lol .. sub mo sub-way lol .. \ 
( Smh ) Boi , hurt lhh .. Like a man wit no glove no love\ 
Feel like making love faces ... ;) \ 
Q : Rate me on a scale of 1-10\ 
A : 8.5 
MissiN my nephews .. \ 
She tell me tevin .. Smh he ain't doiN it right baby .. I just need somebody 2 put it on me N do it right .. Can U do that ? 
Never change yourself for anyone else be you .. Be real , N don't be scared 2 step out from the crowd . It's ok lol 2 stray from the norm , the world wouldn't be where it is now if no1 did .. \ 
Smh- Can't stand lurkers ... \ 
McCluer North I'm proud of yaw man , swear in 3 years goiN on 4 this the most school spirit I have seen . Been a long time comiN now look at us the Boyz V . Basketball team playiN for the championship . Keep yaw heads go get that win . But also enjoy this moment it doesn't always come around\ 
Just A Dream ... #Nelly \ 
Bra < PROPFEMALE > ain't right smh .. Its a problem when < PROPFEMALE > smell like 8 day old tuna fish .. Lhh .. \ 
Imma Call U Throw dat pussy back , U call me Hanq Low ... ;) aey .. #Freak Hoes\ 
Can't stand when people get around other people N start acting like them ... I mean I have had just about every kind of friend , met just about as many people as U can ... yet I remain myself ... Never let anyone force U into being somebody U not , just be U , be real ... \ 
Crazy ass weather smh .. Ready for the summer\ 
I don't mind goiN down ... Just cut yo grass ;) \ 
#I can't stand A lier ... \ 
#Frusterated - Need 2 clear my mind cuz this shit is startiN 2 feel as if it's unsolvable smh .. \ 
#If I ever needed help it's now .. ( Smh ) I'm my own worst enemy . Right now I fear for myself I mean damn never thought I wud be that statistic come my senior year but it sho look that way . I wud do anything 2 start over again from day one but I can't .... The road lookiN dim\ 
#Swear my moms the best- gotta love the moms\ 
#Feel like making love faces ... ;) \ 
< PROPFEMALE > just don't know , I cud take her away from all that , show her what real truly is ... ;) touch her like no1 else has before ... Kiss her , tell her how much I care , hold her .. < PROPFEMALE > just don't know\ 
#When all else fails , U feel your back is against the wall , just remember this- simply look up , look up 2 the skies above . From there is where U will find the answers ... \ 
Let go N let God ... \ 
Had fun wit the boyz , my nigga terell was gettiN that shit lhh .. We all was jiGGiN in there ... NeNe N jasne party strait went .. \ 
Second < PROPMALE > s do not come around much so when U do get a second < PROPMALE > make the most of it ... \ 
#Smh at people .. yaw kill me with this word love\ 
< PROPFEMALE > thought greener was on the other side-(A year passes ) turns out everything that glitter ain't < PROPFEMALE > .. Tevin .! Me : d -_- b ( It's funny how people can change , but it's sad when U have 2 lose it before U realize it's importance ... )\ 
Everyone wants something , someone real ... But wut many fail 2 realize is that sometimes we don't even realize it's right in our face\ 
It is only with the heart that one can see clearly what is essential .. Is invisible to the eye\ 
ThinkiN bout throwiN a party ... \ 
#Bored - Hit my inbox ( Q&A)\ 
Q : When U met me what was one of the fiirst U noticed about me ?? \ 
A : Yo lazy eye lhh .. Naw I'm just playiN haha , U a gud listener , U pay attention 2 details 
Q : Do U have any regrets about us ? \ 
A : No , none I've moved on from then . N everything that happened then I have learned from so no-(Learning Experience ) 
Q : When you coming back 2 da chi .!? \ 
A : Idek man lol .. Definitely won't be soon . But I will be back out there best believe 
Q : What U miss most about Chicago ? \ 
A : Lol .. Easy the fam , most def 
Q : Do you ever think about me ..?? \ 
A : Sometimes I do , but not like I used 2 
Q : Why they call you the JiGG MasTer ? \ 
A : Lhh .. Cuz I be jiggiN my ass off lol , naw aey doe I'm just a jiggster lol .. ;) 
Q : First impression of me and impression of me now ? \ 
A : Hella cool , very smart . People's person , doesn't let people get underneath his skin , well at least let them see . As of now all of this and more , U definitely vaule education , your life and those around U , U gon be somebody that we all gon look up 2 
Q : You gone teach me how to jigg like you lol .?? <3 \ 
A : lol .. Smh of course I can do that although U will never be like me lol ;) just sayiN , I got < PROPFEMALE > tho 
Q : would u ever consider going out with me ? \ 
A : maybe :) 
Q : U enjoy that dance the other day ? :) \ 
A : lol .. Yeah 
Q : Why U single ? \ 
A : Why because I choose 2 be .. N I don't just want anyone , I need a gurl that don't need me or any other man for that matter . She got her own , know wut she want in life , love God , N Wud like 2 have a man 2 cater 2 her .. A freak lol I'm just sayiN naw yeah definitely someone that got her own , now that's sexy ;) 
Q : Watcha Want For GRADUATION lol\ 
A : lol .. Dude U funny man honestly for my parents just 2 be there N see me walk across that stage just that moment alone , especially my moms 
Q : when you gone out here and make me scream like you claim you can ? lol\ 
A : ;) um um , well lol .. That time frame must be arranged lol 
Q : Wat do u think of dis caramel qal ?? :) \ 
A : ;) where do I start , when I look at U I can't help but bite my lips . U really somethiN else just by how U < PROPFEMALE > yoself U bad U fire , U sexy U beautiful . Wut turn me on about U the most is that U don't need a man for anything U do U , N U do U well . Never change that , that shit sexy lol .. Naw but it's so much about U that's just amazing . U R wut a lot of guys wish for 
Q : Why U so damn blessed .!?? \ 
<3 \ 
Q : If you cud change something about yourself wut wud it be ? \ 
A : My first response wud be nothing lol .. I'm blessed that's all I need , but I know U not gon be set wit that answer so I guess it wud be nice 2 have made 6'0 lol 
Q : Do Yuh See Us Toqetha One day\ 
A : Honestly Idk 
Q : Wud U give me a second chance ? \ 
A : I rarely do N in yo case it's definitely no exception .. No , like I told U before everything that glitter ain't < PROPFEMALE > U brushed em off N left me . Now understand never cheated nothiN U did all that the whole time . I will say this though just learn from it , make sure U don't make the same mistake again . No hard feelings I mean we cool just not in that type of mind set 
Q : What's your longest time ?? ( Sexually)\ 
A : lhh .. Here they go freaks come out at night I been here all day lol let me stop . Naw but honestly just five hrs 
Q : Do you eat .!? ( Sexually ) ;) <3 <3 \ 
A : Smh lol .. Only if U cut yo grass ... 
Q : Do U consider yourself a pleaser or do U just try 2 get yours ? \ 
A : < PROPFEMALE > I have , am , N will always be a pleaser that's wut I aim 2 do . N I do just that . Above N beyond , I'll fulfill yo ever < PROPFEMALE > ;) ( Believe Dat ) 
Q : Did you know you was hella cute ? \ 
A : lol .. I hear it all the time but I refuse 2 let it get 2 my head ;) 
Q : Would you ever talk to me ? \ 
A : Of course 
Q : n A Relationship What Are Yur Needs Tht Yuh Have ! \ 
A : 2 be honest its not even 2 be honest . I say that because no1 can truly keep it 100 in a relationship many try not 2 say some can't but majority just can't in some cases afraid 2 hurt there other . Just be real be < PROPFEMALE > N be there for me N return I will do the same 
If I cud have anything in the world it wud be the world in the palm of my hands ... \ 
Boi smh lhh .. This nigga hurt , smh came up in subway asking if they sell cheeseburgers after the fact of reading the menu , smh #hurt \ 
#Swear people be takiN compliments 2 da < PROPMALE > lhh .. I get em all the time but I refuse 2 let em get 2 my head\ 
Bra swear my nigga T-Mack ain't know the zoo was free lhh .. Aw man XD hurt\ 
Need a massage lol .. U do me I'll do U ;) \ 
I know exactly wut U need < PROPFEMALE > .. U say he ain't doiN it right , let me fix that for U . I know exactly where 2 touch , where 2 kiss . I know wut U need < PROPFEMALE > , let me fulfill your desires . I'm all yours ;) \ 
I ain't come here 2 tease I came here 2 please ... ;) \ 
#Who up .? \ 
Yeah it's almost official , lookiN for a nice space , but yeah I will be throwiN a party .! This one gon do some #'s\ 
#Friday , got that paycheck yet at the same time got nothing 2 do smh .. \ 
I swear I love my grandma , Where would I be w/o her ... \ 
#Strawberries -love 2 eat em , N wut I can do wit em ;) \ 
#Man fuck this weather lol .. ThrowiN off hella parties smh .. ( Cali-Bound ) 
#Kevlon N me strait wiliN up here at 54th Bar & Grill\ 
Q : Rate me scale of 1-10 ( s < PROPFEMALE > sh or pass)\ 
A : For you I give a perfect 10 < PROPFEMALE > U already know .. S < PROPFEMALE > sh ;) 
#I don't tease I please ;) ... \ 
# I need a break from all this ... \ 
#It's amazing the things U can do with strawberries ... ;) \ 
#I don't respond 2 ignorance ... \ 
#Headed 2 the gym ... \ 
#Workout 1 complete feeliN gud , but it's time 2 go back N finish the 2nd session ... Ab workout crazy lol .. But it always pay off\ 
#I can lay U down , take yo panties off ... Kiss U soft lady , gurl ... U want it mild N sweet , satisfying I can give U satisfy I can give U gurl .. She kno I kno all the places 2 kiss N turn her own .. make her scream and moan , I'll do wut she want .. I'll float my boat inside her ocean give her this magic potion yeah .. ;) \ 
#I know all the places 2 make her scream N moan ... \ 
#lhh .. On me , some people be lookiN a hot mess when the lights come on .. Mf's hurt out here lol .. \ 
#LiviN life wit no regrets ... U shud try it , Swear it's the best way 2 live\ 
#Love , faith N hard work overcome seemingly impossible odds ... \ 
#Carmello gettiN off lol .. \ 
#Tired of seeiN the same faces ... \ 
#Everybody want somethiN so real .. So real 2 the touch , yet wut many fail 2 realize is that it is right in front of them\ 
Thought that shit was greener on the other side , not at all < PROPFEMALE > .. Everything that glitter ain't golden .. \ 
single or not put this as your status and see what colors you get ... inbox only \ 
Black- I want a relationship\ 
Green- I'm falling for you\ 
Purple- I miss you\ 
Orange- I really like you\ 
... Pink- I Love you\ 
Yellow- You are amazing\ 
Blue- You're beautiful\ 
Grey- We need to talk more 
#Time for a change ... \ 
#When U got somethiN , someone good , Hold on 2 em ... \ 
I need somebody wit a spirit as mighty as a lion , yet still as gentle as a blue robin\ 
#My baby don't play no games she say she allergic 2 them lames ... ;) \ 
#Time 2 hit the gym .. \ 
When I whisper in her ear , her legs hit the chandelier ... \ 
I can't stand people that get in they feeliN's over little shit .. I ain't got time for that nor am I tryna hear that .! \ 
17 more days til my bday\ 
Woken up by the nephew N his nightmare lol .. Smh-(who up .? )\ 
Strait almost got into a high speed drive wit the police .. Crazy lol\ 
ThrowiN a party on the 14th or 15th\ 
1 . ) Cute , Ugly or Ok ? \ 
2 . ) Smash Or Pass ? \ 
3 . ) Truth Is ? \ 
4 . ) Like About You ? \ 
5 . ) Rate 1-10 ? \ 
6 . ) Kiss Or Hug ? \ 
7 . ) Best Feature ? \ 
8 . ) You+Me+Room = ? \ 
#Like \ 
Anything worth having is worth fighting for .. \ 
#On the 15th its goiN down .. Everybody been telliN me 2 do it , just been waitiN for the right time , N that time is now .. ThrowiN the Bday Bash .. This party gon do some #'s\ 
Butler or UCONN-(National Championship ) Who yaw goiN for ? \ 
Q&A-(hit my inbox)\ 
( Smh ) Don't want it , if it's that easy .. \ 
Sometimes I find myself wondering wut if , wut cud have been .. Then at the same time I am reminded of my accomplishments , gud N bad I wouldn't change them , they've made me into who I am 2day\ 
Smh .. Everybody say they want something real but when they get it they don't know wut 2 do wit it .. \ 
#Live your life the way you want 2 be remembered .. \ 
20 yrs from now it won't matter how popular U were , what shoes you rocked , what style of clothes you wore , or what girl was yours ... What will matter is rather or not you made it ... \ 
#We touchiN , and we rubbiN , and we freakiN , and we VibiN ... ;) \ 
When U got somebody good hold on 2 em ... \ 
Money doesn't define the man , his heart defines him .. \ 
#Never give up on god .. For he will never give up on U\ 
Ready for this summer ... \ 
I'll love U 2 your eyes roll back .. \ 
Second < PROPMALE > s don't come around often so when U do get a < PROPMALE > make the most of it .. \ 
Ready 2 leave the stl .. N head back 2 that cali weather\ 
#By finding God U will find yourself .. \ 
Bday in 4 days .. \ 
Smh .. Feel as if given a second < PROPMALE > , the things I cud do 2 take back this day wud certainly fulfill this emptiness inside me ... \ 
Got mad and broke my phone in half smh ... ( madder than I was before lol)\ 
#Bodies lookiN like soda cans , we need 2 take care of ourselves lol everything that glitter ain't gold , put them cheese burgers down .. \ 
#Can't stand the police .. I dont take well 2 threats , rest assured I'm gon get U before U get me\ 
#The choices we don't make are just as important as the ones we do make .. -make the right one , because in life there are no make-up exams\ 
Birthday 2morrow this shud be interesting .. ;) \ 
The day has almost come Fly'guy Jp you ready my dude ( April 19th ) shit gon crack lhh .. 
Thanks again 2 everybody that wished me a Happy Birthday .. N came N chilled wit ya boi .. man I appreciate it . It's a blessiN 2 see another year hope for many more 2 come\ 
#A man who stands for nothing will fall for anything ... \ 
#Feel sorry for the people that feel they need a relationship 2 be happy smh .. \ 
Aey .! Just got accepted to Missouri State , Illinois , and Arizona State-(All smiles)\ 
#Truth is-(Like)\ 
#Ready 2 make a difference .. \ 
May 29th is right around the corner .. It's been a long road , got a long one ahead . Must say still gon miss HS .. But with that said It's time , my < PROPFEMALE > is set forth in cali , that is where my mind set is . It's bigger than me , N that is why I can not shy away ... Time to change the world for we are our on future\ 
#Picking a college is harder than what I thought ... \ 
( Missouri State , SEMO , AMDA , Mizzou , TSU , UCM , UCLA , Arizona State , Webster , Illinois , NIU , Kansas , or Fresno State)- #Tough decision\ 
#(LIKE ] \ 
[] I'd Date you\ 
[ x ] You Cute (: \ 
[] You Weird\ 
[] You be Killing ' Em\ 
......... [] Your Funny\ 
[] You like ah Brother/Sister (: \ 
[] Your Annoying\ 
[] I Hate You\ 
[] I Love You\ 
[ x ] I Use to Like You (: \ 
[] We need to Chill\ 
[] We need to talk More (: \ 
[] I'm glad Your in my life\ 
[] I Don't Know You Like that\ 
[] I Miss You\ 
#Truth is .. ( Like)\ 
Q : Do youu still thiink about me .? \ 
A : No lol , only when I see U . Then I ask wtf was I thinking lhh .. ( sigh ) shud have turned the lights on smh XD , jp .. U know I had 2 , naw but every now N then .. \ 
Q : Tevin I hear youu a freak is there any truth to that .? \ 
A : O_o ..?? Gurl lol .. everybody has a little freak in them just some mo then others ... ;) \ 
Q : When you make it you gon forget about me .. \ 
A : Naw , that's one thing I won't do N that's forget where I came from . It's a blessing 2 be me , N be in the position I'm in . 2 be able 2 make change , change for the better .. I didn't get here by myself .. the crazy thing about it is the fact that I won't change just the people around me . I'm already knowiN just make sure U don't be one of them\ 
( Cali-bound ) 
Q : Where do you see yourself in 10 yrs nephew ..? \ 
A : Lol .. 10yrs from now I will be living in Cali acting , singing , just performing .. setting foundations for those who didn't get the same opportunities as me , just opening doors for others while I'm still doing the same for me\ 
Lol .. that's 2 many , I'm gon hit yaw up later on the Q&A's\ 
Inbox me #'s\ 
#24 U cool , still got a lot 2 learn .. u gotta keep up wit ya boi .! N U need 2 chill on all them tats lol\ 
#67 ;) Thanks for the present , I enjoyed it lol\ 
#88 Cute smile , talk 2 too many for me .. N from the last dude I saw U wit I'm just sayiN- O_o ( no standards ) smh\ 
#888 keep me laughiN in acting class , hella cool ... Gud friend\ 
#223 U cool , don't much about chu\ 
#277 Smh big ass freak lol .. ain't nothiN wrong wit it .. U keep a smile on my face when I need it the most\ 
#33 U be on the same shit I be on- cool pts\ 
#0725 U cool , ain't seen U in a min .. \ 
#911 ;) smh U somethiN else .. Imu , we need 2 catch up\ 
#6715 My nigga lhh , since what 7th grade lol be out here jiggiN wit yaw boi .! got made love for U man .. U gud friend man please never change bra It's hard 2 find true friends like U my dude\ 
# #1234567874655 .! <3 long ass # lol .. Got a little something for U , my gift 2 U ;) \ 
#2909 Ain't seen u since u moved , probably a gud thing , this school so lame don't make no sense but It's cool I'm graduating . We need to < PROPFEMALE > out some time\ 
#8 Very talented , need 2 explore your gifts forreal .. u tight\ 
#22 Damn man been a long road since what kindergarten lhh we up and out in college N shit crazy . Aey from me 2 U man Im proud of U man everything U have done and accomplished , U inspire me man no lie . u a leader always have been always will be . Yo future bright man . I'm just happy I can call U my big bro man \ 
#Ready for a new beginning .. \ 
New phone same # , but I lost all my contacts so hit me up .. \ 
My Top Profile Viewers : \ 
' Renzo Rodriguez - 1136 views \ 
Alexus Hughes - 983 views \ 
< PROPFEMALE > Palm - 542 views \ 
' Tht Kidd Ree - 300 views \ 
See who views your profile @ http://www.facebook.com/pages/Verify-Your-fb-Profile-II/167198506671042?sk=app_190322544333196&93859 
#So blessed ... Just got a $ 16,000 scholarship from UCLA -(All Smiles)\ 
SINGLE or NOT .. Put this as your status and see what you get ... ( INBOX ONLY ) Black : I want a relationship with you ... Green : I'm falling for you ... Purple : I miss you ... Orange : I actually really like you ... Red : I love you ... Gray : We need to speak more often ... Silver : I used to like you ... Gold : I want a one night stand .. Pink : I want your number !!!!!!!!! ( no bullshyt)\ 
#Smh lol I swear It's so hard for people 2 keep it 100\ 
#Strait out of shape smh .. Not cool strait tired .. Only did my warm-up lol ... # Back 2 goiN 2 the gym everyday\ 
NFL Draft .! \ 
#She say she can be my motivation .. Truth is she always has\ 
Might get a new car 2day ... \ 
#If U expect respect please do be the 1st to show it ... \ 
#Met a white gurl named peaches lol , that's a 1st .. She say dag that's funny ? Me : I've only met black gurls named peaches . Well I'm a true peach < PROPFEMALE > peach .! Me : O_o \ 
#Ready to get up out of St. Louis lol , and back to that Cali weather ... \ 
#If U love yourself , love will find U .. \ 
#I put her on my plate then I do the dishes .. She my motivation , I'm her transportation .. Cuz I let her ride while I drive her crazy\ 
#Tf .! All these damn profile pop-ups on my < PROPFEMALE > is ridiculous\ 
#Bullz need 2 get it together lol .. \ 
#Can not stand when things do not go as planned .. Shit been happening a lot startiN 2 irritate me\ 
# < PROPFIRST > tell Antonio-(Foreign exchange student ) he got some small hands , he responds sayiN everybody was not gifted with the ability 2 masturbate XD dude silly .. \ 
#UCLA , yeah this might be the school almost sure .. \ 
#When we done I promise U won't feel yo legs .. \ 
Me and my boi T-rell Jiggn'asz-Sox killed that shit today in acting 3 . Broski ain't mean to put out like that but shit my nigga was ready took the whole crowd .! Proud of U my dude .. N between me N U this won't be the last time we perform . When I make it we all make my dude ... ( Believe that ) God gave me a talent unlike any other ... I'm truly blessed N The world will see it it 5yrs from now\ 
#Truth be told U hella cool , I miss the old days .. Look forward 2 when U say fuck them dudes N get yo mind focused on yo goals N what it is U want 2 do wit yo life . Just when U think U got all the time in the world U really don't . Take advantage ma .. \ 
# < PROPFEMALE > ain't never had a sex session like me .. \ 
#LIKE \ 
[] Smashing Material ;) \ 
[] Girlfriend Material ? \ 
[] I've Liked You Before\ 
[] Friends Only\ 
[] I'd definitely date U\ 
[] Stop Being A Stranger D: \ 
[] We Needa Chill (: \ 
[] I Love Having You In My Life ? \ 
[] I Miss You /: \ 
[] I still think about you from time to time\ 
[] Don't Really Know You O_o \ 
[] Your Cute (: \ 
[] Number Please ? \ 
-Post 2 yo < PROPFEMALE > N see what you get .. \ 
#Love hurts , love scars , love wounds , and mars .. any heart not tough or strong enough to take a lot of pain\ 
#There's something about that sexy skin you in .. Yo clothes don't do U justice so come up out of em\ 
#Stressed .. ( smh ) Things not going as planned , people gettiN on my nerves , moms looking as if she talking out the side of her neck lol smh .. It's really starting to get to me\ 
#Can I hit it N the morning .. \ 
#Never be afraid 2 be different .. 2 step away from the crowd N be yo own U . The world wud not be where it is 2day if nobody did .. For with no risk there is no reward .. \ 
( #Just Be You Be Real)\ 
#Told < PROPFEMALE > that after we was done she wouldn't feel her legs .. ;) \ 
( #SexSessionUnlikeAnyOther )\ 
#Ily moms U the best <3 \ 
#Nothing better than seeing yo moms smile <3 \ 
#Ain't a women alive that cud take my momma's place .. \ 
#Smh I must have been on one , apologizes sis .! I want to say Happy Birthday yo my sister Martika < PROPFEMALE > .! Yes I did forget sowwie .! Love you and I miss U . Don't know when I'm coming back down 2 Chicago . Can honestly say it won't be soon ... But rest assured I will come visit , U got 2 know that . Tell the fam I love em . N once again sis sowwie .! <3 lol Ily 
#Smh mad as I have ever been before tf is wrong wit me .. At a breaking point in my life that I created .. Confused because of me , upset because of me .. Can't help but look back and ask why , what , if .. But yet I know time is of the essence .. So where do I go from here .? ( Smh)\ 
#From head 2 feet , Ya boi blessed .! God gave me everything I needed 2 make a difference N that's just wit I'm gon do .. \ 
#Bullz game .! \ 
#Truth Be Told-(Like)\ 
#It's almost time , STL I'm sorry .. -_- Naw I take that back haha It's about that time 2 get up outta here .. \ 
