Happy New Years !!! Hello 2011 :D 

Still haven't started my summer assignments and really think they're a stupid idea entirely 
Went to the Red's game yesterday and they beat the Atlanta Braves 2-1 !!! Go Reds !!!! 
We moved < PROPFIRST > into college and it feels so weird being the only teenager in the house I already miss her :( 
I miss you Linds :( 
I finally got my class ring !!!! And It's awesome :) still miss ya Linds 
Freshman Focus mañana 
Going to dinner later before my mom leaves for a few days 
I got a 27 on my practice ACT yay :) !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 1 
Went to friday night bike night at the Powder Keg and I realized how much I missed riding the motorcycle 
Remember all the men and women who died on this day nine years ago and remember that day forever 
Going to see Vampires Suck with the gang this should be interesting :) 
vampires suck was actually alot better than I expected 
Wait and , anything can happen 
Okay so I just cut my foot on my desk chair mat and am now bleeding . How sad is that ? 
Really tired 
Went and supported my BFF's at the volleyball game and of course they won . < PROPMALE > out with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > . I am hopefully going to the next game :) 
I want to be myself and find someone who likes me for me 
I want to be myself and find someone who like me for me 
started my first day of work at Iron's fruit Farm I love it work again tomorrow :) 
Going to the volleyball tonight to see my besties :) 
Challenges are what make life interesting ; overcoming them is what makes life meaningful . 
Hey < PROPMALE > class don't forget to bring in water or pop for applefest tomorrow ! 
Went to the movies with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > . Saw YOU AGAIN it was really funny :) Work tomorrow 
Going to the game tonite with the group :) this is gonna be interesting 
because the world keeps spinnin ' , the world keeps spinnin ' around 
Click ' like ' if ive ever made you smile in your life . Set this as your status to see how many people you have made 
Yay :) Florida is so awesome 75 degrees and so much fun . I miss everyone . See ya soon enough 
\Courage is sometimes mistaken for insanity \"" 
Yay for my four day weekend :) 
tequila :) 
Well maybe , < PROPFEMALE > mixed witha little sprite and whiskey :) 
Got a haircut :) took off 6 inches 
the temperature in my house is dropping right now my room is 52 !!! I am so cold 
Life's a song , you don't get to rehearse 
Looking for pictures of sophomore guys for yearbook if you have any please send them to me :) Thanks 
Finally going back to school :) 
\ruadh gu brath\ " Look it up :) " 
Why is life so confusing ? Can someone please explain it to me cause I just don't understand 
I love how colleges want you to think about attending , but they can't even spell your name right . Grrr ! 
Blueberry/strawberry :) 
