Twitter doesn't like me ! 

Sorry about the hacking guys . I never even saw it . I never clicked on anything . They're getting better . 
Who's going to College Night ? 
Roller Coaster is done and at school . We show ' em off next period ! Video after the break ! 
Taco < PROPFEMALE > . Don't say anything < PROPFIRST > . 
Tiger . The Cheetah . 
Well , there's a TAKS test tomorrow . English . I know some people that are worried , and I know some people that are going to pass without a problem . Let's all pray that they ALL do well . I'm out . Night . 
FREE SKITTLES ! 
I killed a man in Reno , just to watch him die . 
I love it when people volunteer me when I really don't want to do it . 
Why do people look away from you when you look at them ? All I want to do is wave . 
Our laptops are being taken up on May 12-13 . 
Party at my house ! 
I hate it when people stare at you and they think that you can't see them and you won't notice it . 
With @ < PROPFIRST > Garcia watching YouTube videos . < PROPFIRST > the Unicorn is getting his vengence . 
So I have a little Vietnamese Woman calling me internationaly . And she keeps calling , and I don't know what to tell her ... 
I love riding the bus in the morning . Everyone is so social . 
It's just gorgeous out . 
I hate my phone . 
Wow . I haven't even been home yet . 
Stuck in traffic on West . Painfully slow . 
Got a Blackberry Curve . 
Church . Running the camera . 
If you will excuse me , I'm off to go through one of the < PROPMALE > perks ( sarcasm ) of the Texas education system . -C . Rumscheidt 
Facebook isn't letting me sleep . My iPod keeps lighting up with notifications every time I almost fall asleep ... :D 
First post from an iPad . 
How do you deal with something that is seemingly impossible to change ? 
Just watched Avatar in HD . Wow . 
I love cell phones . Even if they do give me cancer . 
I need a pair of Apple Headphones . Anyone want to donate/trade ? 
In every job that must be done , there is an element of fun . You find the fun and SNAP !, the job's a game . - < PROPMALE > Connick Jr. 
Had dinner with El Presidente de los Estados Unidos Mexicanos . 
Dinner with the President . The Secret Service swarms like flies these days ... 
Made a Starbucks run this morning with a friend . Does this mean I'm going to have coffee breath ? 
On a 19 acre ranch in a steel home surrounded by machine guns . Yeah . I feel very safe . 
Home after driving an hour and a half . Won the contest by forty points . People congratulating you left and right feels pretty good , ya know ? 
First day back at the hangar . I'm just overjoyed . 
My phone isn't working here . I'm on my iPod and sending this through Wi-Fi . We're sitting in the exact same terminal as we did when we left two years ago . Our flight is delayed to 4:50 because they're fixing something in the plane . Boarding is starting in 10 minutes and we're all flying Business First Class ! 
We're here ! I'm in the Lobby of a OLD Soviet Hotel ( Erkel ) , and there's no AC . Anywhere . And It's HOT . The bad thing is that we don't have our airplane . We have all three of our suitcases , our toolbox , and the airplane that fits in the suitcase , but our main airplane is still somewhere in the system , and we have no idea where the heck it is . 
If anyone wants to text me , use 281-301-5713 . I can receive ONLY texts through that number . 
So the Opening Ceremony was tonight , and 36 COUNTRIES gathered at the airport and they had a FULL AIRSHOW organized . Official Practice is tomorrow . 
And we got our main airplane , finally ! But we're so deep and practiced into the backup , and because it's flying so well now , we're going to go with the backup airplane , the yellow one . 
Well , it's 12:15 in the morning here , and we've got a long day ahead tomorrow . We're going to stay in Budapest for 4 days , and go to Vienna sometime in there . Then after that , two days in pot smoking Amsterdam . I'll see ya on my birthday ! 
I'm not racist . I'd hug a black man right now if they didn't jump so high or run so fast . 
There's nothing on facebook worth liking right now . 
A tribute to Bernanke and Africa . Mostly Bernanke . How long have I been saying it now ? Here comes $8 < PROPFEMALE > ! http://twitpic.com/43fyzy 
Tis ' pirate jabber that be on me Facebook be so strong that ye can barely read thee . 
What's with all the break ups recently ? 
I think the little pop that you get out of < PROPFEMALE > iPhone speakers when it tries the bass is hilarious . 
