Oh yeah it's 40 degrees outside and me , < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPFIRST > just got outta the San < PROPMALE > River 

One typical ejaculation contains 150 mg of protein , 11 mg of \ 
carbohydrates , 6 mg fat , 3 mg cholesterol , 7% US RDA potassium and 3% US\ 
RDA copper and zinc . The protein content is roughly equivalent to that \ 
found in one egg white . \ 
\ 
Also , women physically exposed to semen are less likely to suffer from \ 
depression . Studies \ 
suggest that seminal plasma both prevents and fights cancer , \ 
particularly breast cancer . 
Packing up to head to Texas Tech , goodbye Gainesville hello World 
All moved in to my dorm room , met some friends and my roomate seems pretty cool ! 
Arghh I wish my dentist would have told me the severe headaches come like a week later . Then maybe I wouldn't have forgotten my medicine ... 
First day of classes . Went well , lots of walking though but all in all its good . 
Just got back from Habitat for Humanity , time for a hot shower and to take it easy . 
So Poly Sci is an extremely boring 8 o'clock class . 
Nothing like a comeback win in Cutthroat to brighten your day 
Yay academic physical ? Get to work my brain out after my day of classes already killed it 
Ugh cant sleep ... class is gonna suck in the morning 
Mmmmm 3 hour programming lab . 
Any suggestions for something to do tomorrow ? 
Finally back home .. Casey Donahew was awesome ... and alligator is freaking delicious 
Woooooohoooooo Go TTU 35-27 win over SMU 
8 o'clock is gonna be the death of me . 
Done with Calculus HW now to hit up the rec with some friends ! 
Man being a genius sure is a double-edged sword 
First legit triple shot in pool ! I think i may spend too much time here in between classes 
Time to hit up rec with buddies 
Been camping out at the gate to the stadium since midnight ! time to shower and head back out there 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > puts the laughter in manslaughter . 
Well it turns out Toy Story 3 is a pretty good movie ... who would have guessed 
Well Resident Evil : After Life was better then expected ! 
Well donating blood wasn't like the horror stories you hear ... actually enjoyed it ! 
Well crap ... just found out my astronomy lab is tomorrow not next week ... o the joy 
That's half the reason I mainly die sometimes . 
Well Zumba is actually pretty fun ! Glad I went 
O the joys of insomnia . 
Yeahhhh Corn Maize record time of 14 minutes !! 
The higher you build your hopes the harder it hurts when you fall 
First college all nighter dedicated to studying .... not sure whether to be excited or depressed 
So apparently programming a mock craps game takes way more logic then originally thought . After two hours finally got it done , now time to tweak it around a little 
Just had a freaking awesome night , really needed it too ! 
Mmmmm laundry at 3 in the morning .... just how i like it >.< 
How ironic , I got a speeding ticket in a town called Holliday on my way home for holiday 
Feels good to be back home , getting ready to go hunting ! 
Welp my great gma passed away yesterday , funeral saturday . 
Heading back to Tech , hope no ticket on the way back lol 
Last day of classes OVER ! Finals .... bring it on 
As we celebrate Awareness Month , please copy this status if you know anyone , or know anyone who knows anyone . 
One final down , only 4 more to go >.< 
Despicable me on the movie channel ! Been wanting to see this 
Status update loading ...... failed ! 
< PROPFIRST > Aldean was amazing ! 
Goo packers ! 21 to 3 !! 
Hell yeah Packers get it done !!! 
Schweet 44mph winds with a -16 wind chill ! 
Finally finished my program to verify credit card < PROPFIRST > ! Ahh the feeling of accomplishment . 
South Padre here < PROPFIRST > Allred and I come , hope your ready 
Hitting the roadways finally ! 
Time to change my watch to island time ! 
Ah the long road back from south padre island . But the trip was more then worth it ! 
Back in good ole gville 
Ah more driving , only 5 hours before I can drop my keys and take a break 
< PROPMALE > Turner - I wouldn't be a man . Awesome song 
One week , 1754 < PROPMALE > , and a million memories later , finally back in Lubbock 
Who woulda thought inflatable obstacle courses could still be so much fun . 
Get to the CHOPPAAAAA 
