Sooooo bored no ones up at this time ...... nothing to do , no place to go , no one to see ... 

bored ..... 
I m going to give blood today !!! 
imm soooooo bored ......... it sucks 
Happy Halloween !!!!!!!! 
basketball game !!!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > likes basketball 
We won the game !!!!!!! 
Some people need a sense of humor ! 
I hate it when people cant/wont answer as yes no question with yes or no ! 
If quitters never win , and winners never quit , than who is the fool who said , \Quit while you're ahead \"?" 
I love you . It's not an expectation of perfection . I love you . It's not my life's whole purpose ( or your's ) . I love you . It's not to make you change . I love you . It's not even to make you love me . I love you . It's as pure and simple as that . 
I love you . It's not a weight you must < PROPFEMALE > around . I love you . It's not a box that holds you in . I love you . It's not a standard you have to bear . I love you . It's not a sacrifice I make . I love you . It's not a pedestal you are frozen upon . 
I jumped on a smurf in my car because Big Bird said to and he's my leader 
Im < PROPFEMALE > bored !!!! 
:D Today is an Awesome Day !!! 
wanting something i cant have .... 
Blah Blah Blah ... 
my life this past week has been full of bad horror movie scenes ! ghosts , creeepy forests , desterted hallways , random road trips , abandoned roads , creepy sounds in the bathroom , creaky fire escapes ... it goes on ... hmm i wonder if this is a sign ? 
Is falling wayyy to hard ! 
Life is not the way it's supposed to be .. It's the way it is .. The way we cope with it , is what makes the difference 
FML ! So Bored !!! 
Busy night , now its time for a nice long hot bath ! :) 
friends before anything else ... 
Do I contradict myself ? Very well then I contradict myself , ( I am large , I contain multitudes . ) - Walt Whitman 
by the time i take my test i will have been up 4 24 hours ... hmmm ? 
Why do people who know the least know it the loudest ? 
wow ... some secrets cant seem to stay secret ... 
This is to you , From My Heart .... 
Your in pain . I know your in pain i can see it and you've said it .. but how can i help ease that pain if you can't/won't tell me how . i am here for you to talk to now and later . im patient if your not ready now but im worried that if you wait to long to tell someone , anyone else you'll hurt yourself ... 
even if your not ready to talk or spill just know that I am here .. waiting , watching and caring for you ... no matter what .. im your friend this is what i do . for you .. My Friend . I love and care for you .. i dont show it i know but if i consider you a friend , which i do , i'll do whatever i can to help you 
why does it hurt ? 
nobody tells me shit ! :( 
shouldn't be here ... lol 
Layin in the sun b4 class ! 
MY PHONE WONT WORK !!! :( 
if ur tryin to talk/txt me plz dont cuz my screen on my phone wont work ... so sry if u r n im not replyin . i do want to talk to u i just cant lol :) 
u cant stop me form falling a part because my self destruction is all your fault .. 
my bed has become a black hole ! n it wont let go of anything ! Oh ! i just found my watch that i lost last semester haha ! 
packing ... :D dont think my area has been this neat since the beginning of the year .. lol 
i've never felt this way before ... 
so tired 
iron man 2 pretty good 
cram time ! lol :D 
everyones leaving , exciting ... Safe trips home to everyone ! 
one more final ! 
bored ... 
i wanna go to sleep !!! 
