You know ... If I knew I had to do 5 chapters a week , I would have not signed up for this class . I guess I know what I will be doing for the next 5 weeks . 

In Spruce Pine ! 
proud to be an Owens . 
back in < PROPFIRST > , catching up on some homework 
I will never take another 5 week course . 
< PROPFIRST > Hart left me all alone :( 
Working on projects for school , so should I take 6 credits or 12 credits this fall ? I apparently can't take 9 hours . Really ... I want your opinions 
Ok I think I am done with homework for the night . 
Verizon : The new axis of evil . 
Yay ! I'm done with my summer courses ! 
Don't you hate it when you wake up in the middle of the night and can't go back to sleep ? 
I got A's in both of my summer classes :D 
Yay I sold my book on half.com, its my first sale :D 
One year and no one is dead yet ! 
Cake has brought me two very loud < PROPFEMALE > toys in the past 10 mins , poor < PROPFEMALE > wants to play fetch but < PROPFIRST > is sleeping .... 
Homework ... is kinda fulfilling 
Tonight is my first attempt at fried chicken ... lets see how this goes . 
Dr. Phil 45 mins , Homework 1hour 30 mins , World of Warcraft 1 hour . Dinner at 9pm and bed at 9:30 pm . Yes I do have my off evenings planned out to the tee . 
I have decided I want to open up my own cattery ! 
Well this is depressing . 
Miss Tumbs has returned . 
Facebook Experiment : If you are reading this , even if we don't speak often , post a comment of a memory of you and me . When you've finished , post this paragraph on your own status ; you'll be suprised what people remember about you . 
Time for homework again . Honestly I have put it off all week til now , that is rather unlike me . 
Today for my luch hour I will be reading a textbook and trying to get caught back up in my classes . * sigh * 
Homework ... I know I am boreing ... 
Beatings will continue until morale improves 
I have recently been a victim of awesome marketing . Yes I did have to have the Limited Edition Fancy Feast pink heart < PROPFEMALE > serving dish . It was free with the purchase of 28 cans ! 
Well that was intresting . 
We got to Spruce Pine at 1:30 this morning . Mr. Kitten has been caught and in his carrier , I haven't gotten a good look at him , kinda don't want to . 
We are back home with Mr. Kitten . He is on 3 anitbiotics for us to try . He is however most concerned about being petted . 
< PROPMALE > Sanchez will be on Attack of the Show on G4 network @ 7 . To bad I will be in class . Mr. Kitten is sleeping finaly . 
He is on to me ... 
Mr. Kitten is using his arm a little bit to walk around ! Looks like he is getting better all the time . :D 
It is kinda funny that Mr. Kitten was much more effective on three legs , its like he is learning to walk again on all fours . He is just hobbling along , but I am thankful he is improving :D 
Mr. Kitten went to the vet today , because of the extensive bone damage due to infection and loss of his joint we will be making a appointment soon to have his front left leg amputated . :( 
Its cold in the house , and i -love- it ! 
has a trio of kitties at her feet :D Now the home work . 
just completely distroyed her laptop cord with a vacum cleaner , and shocked the shit out herself trying to fix it . 
also learned that duct tape is infact not a fix all invention . 
More Bio tonight ... just 5 more classes left ... I can do this . 
Yesterday was perfect New < PROPFEMALE > , Starbucks , Dinner !? Tonight ... research paper . 
Bio paper done . Yay ! 
I am gonna work on my project/paper for my business communications class . 
Cake is covered in glitter ... 
I learned a lot of things this Black Friday morning . ( Part One ) 1 . 3:00 am is too late to get in line at Best Buy . 2 . Pants are not required to be a patron of the Waffle house at 3:30 am 3 . Them was workin ' girls . 4 . Workin ' girls do not get to have Black Friday off . 5 . < PROPFIRST > C . will not tolerate line jumpers . 
Sooo apparently my final project in Business Management was due 11/30 and I have not started on it yet . I can't believe I did something like that . I hope my instructor will let me turn it in late ! Y'all need to be praying for me please ! 
I have not gotten an e-mail back from my teacher but , I am going to start that project now just in case . If she does not accept it that if fine . I will have it for next semester . Always look on the bright side right ? 
Got my project done , got a nap , got to work early . A crash is expected to occur later this evening . 
Last night was awesome I got presents and it's not even Christmas yet ! Today on the other hand I have homework and a project to finish , a house to clean and dinner to cook . I want an extra day ! 
Wow . I think she has it out for me . 
Wow ! I have already spent a year at ECU . Incredibly enough even after this semester I still have a 4.0 :D 
I made some peanutbutter balls . Now I guess I should go clean my house . 
Bio class is over ! Last day of work , lots to do . 
Looks like I can't find my jump drive , looks like I will be visiting a photo kiosk ... 
< PROPMALE > is one of my new favorite shows . In other news , < PROPFIRST > and I will be cleaning out the spare room tomorrow . 
We had pictures made yesterday and today < PROPFIRST > and I have cleaned out the spare room ... well for the most part ... now for a shower and some dinner with the fam :D 
So in one of my classes I must participate in Second Life chats . That is all good and well but it heck trying to find a computer that it will run on . My desktop is too new and my laptop lags too much ... Now I'am at < PROPFIRST>'s parents house to see if it will work there ... 
I forgot how much I enjoyed coding HTML :D Yeah , I am a geek . 
Getting a new dishwasher installed :D oh ... and homework . 
Upgraded to Windows 7 , must learn yet another OS 
Verizon . I refuse to purchase your crappy ringtones . Instead I will make my own and e-mail them to myself . HA ! I've got your loop hole . 
At work , doing homework , listening to < PROPMALE > and showgram podcasts . 
Makin ' chicken pot pie tonight , < PROPFEMALE > style . In other news ... I gave myself my first shot . < PROPFIRST > Hart won't have to do it for me after all , well at lest not tonight . 
So I guess I should work on that web project that is due Sunday and that I have not started on .. 
During my lunch hour I am enjoying some mellow mushroom chicken cordon blue pizza . Yesterday they gave us the wrong pizza ½ BBQ and half chicken cordon blue . Because of the mistake we got a free pizza as well , and it was all delicious . 
My husband just told me that he is not going to buy any more video games until the credit cards are paid off . Who replaced my husband with a robot look alike ? 
I really like HIM's new cd SCREAMWORKS : Love in Theory and Practice . 
Kilala just rolled off the window seal and on to the floor , and contuined to lay in the same postion in which she fell . Cat : The unlimate in lazy . 
Taking a quick brake from surveys to wonder how come I always get the crazies ? 
I really enjoyed the unexpected day off ... but man am I going to be busy the rest of the week . 
I have finished my house cleaning and now its time for some WoW ! 
I was going to do some homework , but instead I'm gonna play some video games . Take that stressful day , I'm really sticking it to the man ! 
just not enough hours in the day ... 
I reached level 70 yesterday with my undead warlock ... and it only took me 4 years . 
My hubby got a promotion :D 
Three years ago today was the first time < PROPFIRST > and I went out togeather , as friends of course ... 
I just passed a Microsoft Certifcation test in word . I needed 600pts to pass and I got 800pts . Where do I pick up my cookie and gold < PROPFEMALE > ? 
Guess I should go use that treadmill I nagged hubby about for months on end . * sighs and hangs her head as she heads off ... * 
I have been on a real Sailor < PROPFEMALE > kick lately . So you can imagine my thrill when I read that as of March 1 , 2010 , a new remastered Sailor < PROPFEMALE > is back on Italian TV , which could lead to a international revival of the series . 
Catching up on my spreedsheets course , and thankful for the time off to do it . 
Working on more excel today , now I am only a month behind :D !!! Thank goodness it's a self paced class and I can turn it in whenever . I hope to be done with the class by Monday . 
Instead of contuineing to do course work in my sleep , or rather unsleep , I have decided to get up at 3 in the morning ... and you guessed it , do course work . It is more productive that way . 
For all of you that have pets inside I just got the pledge fabric sweeper for pets and it is -amazing- ! I won't have to vacum the couches every couple of days now :D 
Three years ago I made the easiest decision of my life , choosing < PROPFIRST > . Now the hard part is choosing what to make for dinner every night . 
To whom ever in the stealing all my bandwith ... QUIT IT ! I have important internet things to do . Your Call of Duty match can wait . 
Coheed concert tomorrow ! I am so excited . 
HA ! Cats do indeed have belly buttons . 
You should see the bags under my eyes . Though poor hubby had to get up at $am yesterday morning and we got home at 4am last night ... he got up at 10am and has to stay till 10pm . I suspect he is part robot by being able to function atm . 
So I thought I was bad off having not completed that website yet . I just got an e-mail from a fellow classmate asking if any one had completed projects 1 , 3 and 4 . We only had 4 projects to do ... good luck with that lady ... 
Finally getting some where on that web project ... 
Calling it a night . 
I guess I will go take a nap now . 
After going to bed at 10am then getting up after a 2 hour nap I have finished the website . Now I just have to write a paper about it ... before , oh wait the paper was due an hour ago ... humm . 
A qoute from < PROPFIRST > last night : \I would kiss you but I have been drinking\ " and I said \ " I thought you were take a test\ " his reply \ " I was It helps me concentrate \"" 
Woot ! I got all A's in my four ECU classes , and I did not neglect a thing ! Except for my husband , my house , dinner , sleep and my sanity . 
Theater 5 week course has began , and so has my gaming addiction , the two are not very compatible . 
< PROPFIRST > Hart : Forever is a long time . \ 
Myself : I'd say ... 
Started watching True Blood season 2 last night LaFayette is still alive !!!! YAY ! 
For the record , I'm a freakin ' genius . 
Stupid loud storms and rain ! 
Just as a PSA , I will not be looking my best for the next two months if I have to get up at 5ish . It is going to be pony tails headbands and wet heads . 
< PROPFIRST > Hart , Danny ... Lets play hookie tomorrow and stay at home so we can play video games ! Er ... I mean catch up course work ... Damn you 5 week courses ! 
Dinner & Get Him to the Greek with < PROPFIRST > Hart , Gabe and < PROPFEMALE > tonight . 
So , trying to catch up on my course I go to read the textbook . I fell asleep twice trying to do so , both times for two hour long stretches . Now this could because of the afternoon nap habit I have recently established or it could be a product of a boring textbook . 
It is going to be a lovely week . -_- Thank you cat , for starting it 30 mins before it had to . 
* frenzy * 
I read Oedipus < PROPMALE > for my course . I must say he is extremely dense . How many times , and in how many different ways do you have to be told you killed your father and did your mother , before in finally sinks in ? Come on < PROPMALE > ? Really ? Didn’t you solve the Sphinx riddle or something ? I got it after the first hint and I'm a blonde . 
Coheed in Asheville on 8/21 ! Looks like I will be heading back to Spruce Pine August ! 
Done with my 5 week course and < PROPFEMALE > is back . I also think it is < PROPFEMALE>'s birthday but I could be wrong on that . I am such a bad cousin . 
Cleaning house , drinking blackberry wine and listening to Pink < PROPMALE > with < PROPMALE > Owens . It's a good day . 
Can someone please install the php and wiki code manuals into my brain ? K , thanx , bi 
Also can someone please fumigate < PROPFEMALE>'s and my office ? Four spiders/one week = not cool . 
Yesterday was awesome . I like being spoiled movies , lunch , new anime and a starbuck's ceramic cup that looks like a paper cup ! I love my cup . 
Quote of the day from < PROPFIRST > Hart : \What I do without you ? I would probably shock myself and not have any waffles \"" 
Clumsy wife is clumsy when she spills hot coffee on her shirt and burns herself . Sweet and thoughtful husband is sweet and thoughtful when he provides the shirt off his back to clumsy wife . 
< PROPFIRST > Hart : They should make doughnut flavored ice cream Me : Tubbies of the world unite and rejoice ! 
* Fun from last night * < PROPFIRST > Hart : Ok name any zoo animal , Elephant , Me : Platypus , Liz : Bamboo ! 
Comma comma comma comma comma chameleon 
It would be nice if tuition reimbursement went up every time tuition did . :( 
I am devastated ! I missed The Universe season 5 premiere . :( 
Two years on 8/08/10 . Still alive , only slightly traumatized and damaged for live . Sorry no refunds or exchanges . 
In Spruce Pine :D 
On the four hour car ride to Spruce Pine\ 
< PROPMALE > Owens : You failed to mention you were crazy when we started dating . \ 
Me : No . I mentioned it . You still love me don’t you ? \ 
Thomas : A little less \ 
Me : Awww , that is going on facebook . \ 
Thomas : You know what is going on my facebook ? \ 
Thomas : Single status . \ 
Me : :( 
Coheed concert in Asheville tonight ! 
Seeing < PROPFEMALE > , Coheed concert and finding lost possessions at old house : Epic Win . \ 
First day of classes : Epic Fail . 
I'm now classified as a Senior at ECU !!! :D 
Homework , you are mine !... after kitchen biscuit ... 
It never fails in one of my online classes I always have to do a pic and a video . Normally I do this at my work place after hours to avoid distraction you can see why ... 
Don't bring you fancy logic into this house ! 
Praise Facebook ! With 15 mins to spare my video assignment is -finally- uploaded somewhere and working . Blogspot ... you let me down , and made me panic . 
Do I have to get out my crayons and color you a picture ? 
Oh and thanks to not cooking dinner on a regular basis for the last 4 months I’ve lost 12 pounds . Sorry hubby . No soup for you . 
Two to three weeks without my laptop . What will I do !? :( 
Did you know that Orange background color is a registered trademark ? My fun size pack of Reese's pieces says it is . What makes fun size fun anyway ? Who came up with that ? 
Dear Sony Vaio laptop , I miss you every moment we are apart . I am sorry baby . I should have treated you better . Please come back to me soon . 
I just had a really pleasant phone conversation from a lady at Charter Communications Tech support . We talked about my internet connection and southern pleasantries . She was such a sweet lady . 
During my lunch break I like to ponder things like Why , when I am registering for classes I can’t seem to remember how bad taking this many classes sucked last semester ? 
At what age will I stop wanting to be like the cool older kids ? 
My husband and his father just called me to google where a burgerking in VA is . I am thinking the lack of sleep is getting to them . 
I got the call that by lappy is ready to be picked up !!! ^_^ They better have a new keyboard on her or heads will roll ! Don't mess with momma's baby . 
I am going to have an aneurysm . They reformatted my hard\ 
drive ... 
Yay ! New iPod touch ! 
I don't think I am cut out for this . 
( Stolen from < PROPFEMALE > ) Post this as your status & see what people say : I love your _____ ! 
Guess what ! I got up super early to come in and sharpen penciles for exams cus well I forgot to take them home with me . No the door is not open . BUT the wireless does work outside of the building rather well . 
< PROPFIRST > Mayer's Battlefield Studies album is beautiful , but man is it depressing . 
Fuck you October . Fuck you hard . 
I apparently just hacked the coke machine , 1 Dr. Pepper , 1 Mellow Yellow and 2 Diet Cokes . Goodbye October . Hello November ! 
Hello < PROPFEMALE > Post-it notes make me happy . 
Please excuse the following rant : Dear little bastards that broke into my car , if I find out who you are , your ass is mine . 
I really should be reading that book , it's just so boring I want to cry . 60 pages in and it's still just a man ranting about the way things are designed . Which might be useful if it was still the 1970's . After all a few things have changed in 40ish years . /rant 
I think I have a spider bite . Lovely . Dexterthon Tonight with hubby . 
Haircut is not really what I wanted . Gonna try again today I think :/ 
Movies tonight with hubby . Friday's yay !!! 
Oh and key gremlins can you stop messing with my key ring ? It’s not funny anymore , put it back . 
Tomorrow is Final Exam day at ECU and at CCCC . I think the two schools get together to conspire against me , so that I get no sleep and stress way to much the night before . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas !!! 
Just one of them days ... 
My poor little Cake ... 
If you want this marriage to work you better stop talking bad about Zooey Deschanel ! - < PROPMALE > Owens 
This is not a romantic comedy . It's an action movie . YOU LIED TO ME ! 
I am considering a rubber stamp with colorful phrasing . 
< PROPMALE > Owens - The only person I know with a sense of humor as sick and twisted as my own . ? 
I need angry Coheed music to keep me awake ! 
I've been watching top shot on History all day . What is wrong with me ? 
I hacked the coke machine again . 1 Dr. pepper , 1 Diet Coke and an Orange Fanta ... 
I hate it when they give me sweet tea that is really unsweet tea * huff * 
I discovered why I was enthralled with Top Shot season one : < PROPFIRST > Bachand - Geek that knows his way around weapons . Cus you know that is not suppose to be scary at all . 
No . This is not your place , this is not playground its my heart . - This Coheed moment brought to you by ' We are Juggernaut ' . 
IPhone 4 ... March 22nd . Jenn is stepping into the land of smart phones and texting , prepare yourself . 
< PROPFEMALE > Hart Owens loves me and wants to me to be happy , thus I have a homemade chili for lunch . Noms . ^_^ 
While at work I like using Hello < PROPFEMALE > post-it notes , glitter pens and listening to bad pop music . 
< PROPFIRST > Hart had a mcgriddle this morning . My fasting self is insanely jealous . 
Live from my iphone ! Yes , my iPhone . I am cool now . 
I could be at home enjoying my online gaming . Instead i am still sitting at the pharmacy . Come on people stick the stickers on my prepackaged meds . Oh but at least I have an iPhone I can use to complain any where in the works at anytime ! I love my iPhone ! :D 
Excited about the new addition ! 
I forgot my iphone at home :( This makes me sad . 
