will be going to the Oregon Coast today !! .... if the rest of the family ever wakes up ! 

I'm tired and sore and I am going to SLEEP ! 
Why is it that when you walk by the laundry room and there is no one using them , you go back not 3 minutes later and both washers are full ? 
Hanky Panky ! 
ugh my arm hurts ! stupid immunization shots :/ 
is not excited about showering with rug burnt knees :( 
Phone has water damage . Still works . But I can't see what I'm dialing , texting , who's calling or texting , or what time it is . If you want to talk to me email me and give me your number and a time to call . Cross your fingers for me and hope it will dry out and work again . 
is excited about the room getting rearranged !! 
snow ....? in early OCTOBER ?? NOOOO !!!! 
is getting the heck out of Twin for the weekend ! 
Try the grey stuff ! It's delicious ! 
charcoal 
IT'S SISTER WEEK !!!!! If you have a sister ( s ) who makes your life interesting and fun , Is a blessing in your life and generally makes life more worth living by being around , copy & paste this to your status . 
woke up , looked out the window with my glasses off and saw a MASSIVE squirrel sitting by a tree . It started to slink across the lawn to a tree ... wait , squirrels don't slink . I put my glasses on and it was a squirrel-colored , not all that massive , cat .... 
If your Mom is your hero , your best friend or\ 
just the best mother ever , whether you are blessed to have your Mom still\ 
with you , or if she is an Angel in Heaven , copy and paste this into\ 
your status and let everyone know you are proud of your Mom and youlove\ 
her ! XOXO M ? M 
Go to Google NOW ! It has a surprise for you :) 
Mmmm butterhorns for lunch ! :) 
Arick and I are heading to Oregon to go crabbing for a week . Be back next Friday ! 
Change\ 
your facebook profile picture to acartoon character from your childhood\ 
and invite your friends to do thesame . Until Monday , December 6 , there \ 
should be no human faces onfacebook , but an invasion of memories . This \ 
is for a campaign againstviolence on children . Pass it on . \ " , 2010-12-03 20:57:16 " 
Oo.slicing.pt 
Inbox\ 
me ANY NUMBER and I will post that number and what I think of you as my\ 
status ! Go . And only you will know the number and what its about ! Copy \ 
and repost , lets see what I have to say about you ! 
#2 ... Oh number two :) the flowers we've smelled in our day ! I can't believe how much has changed since kindergarten , but I'm so so grateful you're still my bestest friend ! Hopefully one day we'll have little kiddlets of our own that will hide from us in the closet when it's time to go home and we'll know how our mommies felt . \ 
Lots of love , \ 
< PROPFEMALE > 
#27 .... You're a super talented young lady and I hope that sometime soon I can come spend a summer with you too , it's been so long since I've seen you ! I love you lots , gorgeous girl :) Hope I see you soon ! Maybe convince your mama to come visit us up here :) 
mmm . facedook . cow 
To Non-pet Owners who visit our homes . Don't complain about our pets . ( 1 ) They live here , you don't . ( 2 ) If you don't want their hair on your clothes , stay off the furniture . That's why they call it ' Fur'-niture . ( 3 ) Chances are , I love my pets more then I like you . ( 4 ) To you , they are animals . To me , they are family who are hairy , walk on all fours & don't talk back . =^.^= Re-post if you love your pets =^.^= 
