sleeps in a cave . 

Japan is conspiring to make < PROPMALE > angry this week . 
aims to misbehave . 
3:30 and it's just me , the principal , and a 4th grade teacher at school . Mottainai ... 
Today was , perhaps , the most useless day of my entire life . 
Gunma Traffic Center can go to hell and die . 
is rage incarnate . 
called off the search and made his own peanut sauce with crap he had lying around . And it was AWESOME !!!!!!!!! OMG GUYS !!! 
is ready to start a riot . 
Eighth Time's the charm . I hate you Gunma Traffic Center . I'll hate you until the day I die . My children will hate you , and their children shall hate you as well . 
had a conversation with some teachers today whose subject quickly went from Florida , to Hemingway , to the most efficient way to shoot yourself in the head . 
Needs to pee . 
is peeing . 
doesn't need to pee . 
bought a kotatsu and a blender . 
http://www.halloweenyes.com 
November ? More like OVembER , AMIRITE ? 
< PROPFIRST > a giant Trogdor on the board in class today , with the majesty and everything . 
had a nice conversation about guns in < PROPFEMALE > during lunch with the 6th graders today . 
Finals week is when I'm glad I'm not in college anymore . 
2010 in review : Almost completely worthless . \ 
Tron in review : Pretty great . \ 
Kotatsus in review : Top ten invention of all time . 
is Japan you guys . 
You guys know of any good online English-Japanese dictionaries ? EDICT-based dictionaries are great for Japanese-English , but rely on reverse lookup for E-J , and the results are horrible . If you search for the word \poem\ " at < PROPMALE > Breen's WWWJDIC the correct term for a generic poem ( ? [ Shi ]) is the 120th result ! " 
is for serious . 
This space intentionally left blank . 
ate an avocado . 
The next person to use \gate\ " as a suffix will be punched through the face . " 
What is sadder : a closed down Pachinko parlor with an empty parking lot , or a Pachinko parlor with a full parking lot ? 
is looking for foils . 
taught his last class today . 
OMG LET ME LEAVE I'M BORED AS HELL AND HAVE SHIT TO DO I'M TYPING IN CAPS PEOPLE CAN IT GET ANY WORSE ? 
is in North < PROPFEMALE > . And is sleepy . 
will be in Minneapolis this weekend . 
How is it Thursday ? Does anyone even remember Tuesday ? Did Tuesday exist ? 
It's 1:40 a.m. and the only think to eat is salad . Fine , then . 
I DID IT !!!!!!!!!! 111111111111111112gserbwel 
I have been using \-beard\ " as a suffix lately . " 
... heh :-\\ 
Just because it has been raining all day doesn't mean the Internets should be behaving like it's AOL circa 1996 . >:( ( We get wireless connection only out here in the sticks . ) 
Since when is snow allowed when it's still summer ? 
Same old bullshit story . 
When I stumbled upon some Egg Nog cartons at the store today , I lit up like I had unexpectedly ran into a friend I haven't seen years whom I secretly love , and she smiled back and said , \We need to catch up later . How about tonight ? I gotta go feed some starving children right now with all this money I make by being awesome . \"" 
2010 is almost over and we still haven't been to Europa . 
has a real problem getting to sleep at a reasonable hour . 
Roll that beautiful bean footage . 
Sometimes I click on political ads I don't agree with just to waste their money . 
Splat . 
