Maybe it's just because I'm a girl , but what the hell is < PROPFEMALE > Fox doing on the cover of EW for Transformers 2 ? What the hell did she do last movie ? ( You know , besides cause erections and wet dreams . ) 

thinks the process of going to college is way more complicated than it has to be . 
would like 6 hours of her life back , please . ( Damn you , NGE . ) 
thinks \crashing parties\ " is not in The Book of Etiquette . " 
Your back hurts ? YOUR back hurts ? Welcome to my world . 
Woah ! Another one ?! Okay , who's the one who wished for all the celebrities to start dying ? 
\Don't believe in yourself ! Believe in me -- who believes in you ! \"" 
SIGH ... 
Hmm ... What should I watch next ? 
W00t !!! PARY AT < PROPMALE>' HOUSE !!! :D EVERYONE CAN COME !!! 
can't spell or speak English good no more . 
So ... can I start working yet , or what ? 
Damn . Hanging out was a lot easier when we were in school . At least then we all had the same schedule ... 
got her housing assignment from ASU today ! Yay for roommates ! :D 
Let's see ... My family didn't get a computer until 1990 ; and even then , we didn't get the Internet until about 1992 . Which means I didn't have computer/Internet access for about 10-12 years of my life . ... Wow , what the hell did I do to entertain myself 
Let's see ... My family didn't get a computer until 2000 ; and even then , we didn't get the Internet until about 2002 . Which means I didn't have computer/Internet access for about 10-12 years of my life . ... Wow , what the hell did I do to entertain myself ? I 
\Happy < PROPMALE > Erickson Day ! Yingin-hinga-dinga ! \"" 
is finally going camping this weekend ( 7/30 -- 8/1) ! W00t ~ !!! :D So no texts and no Internet ! See everyone on Sunday ! ;] 
is getting kind of tired of this whole vampire craze . Seriously . ( Damn you , Twilight . ) 
is leaving for ASU in a little over a week and a half ! Holy shit ! Really ?! * stresses out * 
\They was upset ' cause ... ' they didn't have any friends . ' There were six of them ...! ... I didn't have six friends in high school ! I don't have six friends now ! \"" 
doesn't work at all this week ? Uh ... happy birthday ...? 
\Let's celebrate our materialism ! \ " ;) " 
Dang . Narrators for TV shows are old school now , aren't they ? 
LOL WUT ? 
What are all these \countdowns until college\ " and \ " leaving in 2-3 days\ " ?! What ?! We're college freshmen ? WHAT ?! How come no one told me this ?!?! " 
wants to bring the roof to ground on the dance floor ! 
wants to thank everyone for the birthday wishes ! :D And thanks for the party and gifts ! I miss everyone already . :( 
' s dorm doesn't have water at the moment ! WTF ?! 
Why is facebook being stupid ? >:[ 
hopes everyone has a great first day of classes ! :D 
just wants some familiarity . 
hates reading for her Human Event class ! 
lost her phone !!! D: ( Well , \misplaced\ " I guess . I think I know where it is . ) In any case : AH ! " 
wonders how STA is doing ... 
got her phone back ! YAY ! :D 
LOL @ Twilight : New < PROPFEMALE > trailer hype . 
Chocolate chip pancakes and Camp Sparky , followed by a SSBB tournament ! W00t ! Busy Friday , indeed . :D 
LOL . Calm down . 
has a Human Event paper she should be working on . Boo . 
The great thing about first drafts is that they can suck but you still get credit for it . 
What the hell is FarmVille and why should I care ? 
totally wasn't paying attention . 
needs to pick a movie to analyze for her FMS 100 midterm . Any suggestions ? 
wants Skype too ! D: 
wants to see Paranormal Activity . Why haven't I heard about his movie ? 
is going camping this weekend ! Be back Sunday ! :D 
is back ! ( And has never been so happy to have a toilet and running water . ) 
has never been so happy for a toilet and running water . 
Only one more midterm ! :D 
\Why must we meet in the shadows of Paris ? \"" 
is wondering what the heck she's gonna do for Thanksgiving . Anyone else stuck at ASU that weekend ? 
still hasn't gotten the < PROPFEMALE > of this ... 
really doesn't feel like reading the Politics of Aristotle . 
MAGIC IS SRS BSNS , YO ! 
Haha , wow . Keeping up with the plot of the Venture Bros . is getting as difficult as keeping up with LOST . 
hates reading for Human Event ! >:[ 
is just chillin ' until dinner tonight ! :D 
is getting confused my Facebook's new layout . What's the difference between \News Feed\ " and \ " Live Feed \"?" 
is taking a nap and then dinner and a movie . Long night again ! 
had an awesome weekend ! :D 
Well , fuck you too , Facebook ! 
doesn't know what to be for Halloween . I mean , the last time I dressed up , I was , like , 7 ... 
Does anyone know what happened to Mr. Kiolbassa ? 
is gonna be pissed off if it's still this cold tomorrow and Saturday . 
Crap . 
really needs to get focused . :P 
is talking to her BESTEST < PROPMALE > !!! 
is stilling talking to her BESTEST < PROPMALE > !!! 
is hungry ! Darn you , late-opening dining hall ! 
Why is there a giant monkey in the dining hall ...? You know what ; I really don't wanna know . 
shouldn't be this homesick from hearing an advertisement for ABC's freakin ' \25 Days of Christmas\ " countdown ... thing . ( Can I go home yet ? ) " 
How awesome is it that I don't have class tomorrow ? :D 
is finding it really hard to care about her Human Event essay ... 
So that Human Event essay I had to write ? The one I've been working on for the past 2 hours ? Yeah , it's not due until next week . FML . 
It's too early for HON 171 . 
So is it gonna stay cold from now on ? :( 
is not watching New < PROPFEMALE > tonight . 
wants to go to \Not So Silent Night\ " too ! " 
is glad everyone's back from Thanksgiving weekend ! :D 
hopes she does well on her final Spanish Oral Exam . \Why is it in Spanish ?! \"" 
doesn't have anything Christmas-like to wear tomorrow ... 
Why is it so cold ?! D,: 
Anyone know any good movies in which I can analyze its representation of class or gender ? Or anyone know of a good remake ? 
NOM NOM NOM . 
should probably study for her final exams instead of having breakfast at 10 at night . 
It's such a nice day outside today . Why do I have to be inside writing an essay ? ),: 
If only Starbucks was open 24/7 ... 
just has one more final and then she can go home ! :D 
' s phone is on the < PROPMALE > . Sorry ! :P 
Holy crap , did I just finish all my finals ? And I can go home ?! 
is at the airport heading home ! Goodbye for now , ASU ! And hello real Mexican food ! :D 
is back in San < PROPFIRST > and wants to < PROPFEMALE > out ! 
is going out with friends tonight ! Finally ! :D 
is Christmas shopping today ! 
is in ur Facebookz , joining ur groupz . 
is finally catching up on her shows . 
tried to explain the concept of Facebook to her mom . Status : FAIL . 
wishes she knew what the hell to do with her hair . :[ 
Yay for baby ! Jesus ! He's my favorite Jesus . ;) 
What ?! SAW < PROPFEMALE > isn't at the dollar movies anymore ?! Dammit , I missed it ! 
hasn't worked out in forever . Now that the holidays are almost over , I don't have any more excuses . 
Go , Speed Racer , Go ! 
is having lunch at < PROPMALE>'s today for the first time in months . 
is starting to miss that nice Arizona weather ... 
College Night at Cowboys ? Hell yeah , I'll be there ! 
Guess I should clean my house/room if people are coming over tomorrow , huh ? 
Good luck to everyone going back to school today ! 
Zodiac . 
Do they even have sex on \Jersey Shore\ " ? All I've seen is them fighting . At least the \ " Real World\ " had sex and fighting . " 
Packing . :( 
still needs to do a hundred of things , but is just glad to be in her dorm ... with her luggage . 
< PROPFIRST > Giacchino composes the best stuff , I swear . 
So ... much ... reading ... 
has a crappy gaydar . Sorry , but ya'll are gonna have to tell me , ' cuz I really can't tell . 
Tucker < PROPMALE > . LOL WUT ? 
is super excited for LOST tonight ! :D 
slept in and still feels tired . 
... The Super Bowl's tomorrow ? ;P 
Google Docs is confusing . 
Why am I suddenly starting to like < PROPFIRST > Lambert ? 
The new layout kind of scares me ... 
is tired of her English essay already . 
141.12 
Anyone have anything planned for Spring Break ? 
WHY ? 
didn't think LOST could get any more confusing . You'd think after six seasons I would have stopped underestimating J . J . Abrams ... 
Why are all my essays due at the same time ? 
So much to do , so little enthusiasm . 
Tumblr . Someone tell me what this is . 
hasn't played a video game in forever ! Seriously , I'm going through withdrawals . 
\Hey ! Don't call me fat you fucking Jew ! \ " \ " Eric ! Did you just say the f-word ?! \ " \ " ... Jew ? \ " BEST LINES EVER . xD " 
probably has a virus on her laptop . FML . 
' s laptop lives again ! :D This calls for LOST episodes ! 
has to take a science course next semester . Blegh . :P 
should really start figuring out how she's gonna store all her stuff for the summer . 
didn't totally bomb her Honors essay , apparently . 
Tomorrow's Friday ! :D That means no meat ! ( Haha , don't forget like I did last week . ) 
Silly viewers , deciding awards based on the quality of the movie alone is for Sundance . They do things a little differently in < PROPFIRST > town . 
Spring Break : So close ... yet so far away . 
actually heard the Kumbia Kings today on the radio . Where , you might ask ? In back of the kitchen of the Papa < PROPFIRST>'s where I was eating dinner . Haha , so yeah . 
Spring Break is finally here ?! YES !!! :D 
\Sumimasen\ " is fun to say . " 
just realized she isn't going to have a decent meal for a week . Haha , someone come feed me ! 
Poor Agave . How many fire alarms has that dorm had this year ? xD 
doesn't want to do the homework she should've done over spring break . 
This really needs to stop . 
wants to take a nap . 
\'PC Load Letter' ? What the fuck does that mean ?! \"" 
Los examenes . ): 
Miley < PROPMALE > is in \The Last Song\ " ? I didn't know she acted ! :P " 
It's Easter , yo . Can you dig it ? 
Haha , is it bad that I respond better to someone yelling at me than someone calmly getting mad at me ? I BLAME MY CHILDHOOD AND ITS LACK OF PONIES . 
Today's going pretty well so far . I'm impressed . 
really needs to get her ass in gear . 
My YouTube account got suspended . LOL WUT ? 
Foodstuffs . 
Well , that was just pathetic . 
What's with all the bugs ? They're annoying . 
is behind on LOST ! D: Must watch episodes this weekend . 
Fiesta starts tomorrow ?! Why the hell am I still in AZ ?! D,: 
is so happy that it's Thursday . 
actually feels like drinking this weekend . 
You're an immigrant ! 
should probably run or something today . You know , to at least look productive . 
just got another bad habit . Thanks , college ! 
Eat , nap , or homework ? 
Facebook is confusing me again . 
Everyone seems to be pleasantly busy today , if that makes sense . 
MPAA fuckin ' pisses me off . 
hopes all those STA seniors have fun at Prom ! :D ( For the rest of us , well ... * insert nostalgia here *) 
was first afraid , then petrified . 
What the hell's with all this work I gotta do tomorrow ? Aren't Sundays for relaxing ? :( 
The SB 1070 < PROPMALE > would pass while I'm still in AZ , haha . So if I don't come home on time , all of ya'll know why . 
had some good , intense discussions tonight . 
Even though I have a lot of work to do , I'm not really that stressed . I can't tell if this is a good thing or a bad thing ... 
Did ya'll know that Snuggies are just bathrobes turned backwards ??? ;P 
got smoke in her eye , lol . Now I'm , like , half blind . Like this : > ___o 
is so disappointed that \The Coldest Winter Ever\ " is fiction . " 
is so busy this weekend -- and not the fun kind of busy . WHY ?! 
has her first final test today ! 
knows she fails at life in general . Yeah , thanks for pointing that out ... again . 
finished her last class of the semester ! :D Now it's just finals and then home . 
Study . Write . Pack . Home . 
is hungry , but doesn't feel like eating . If that makes sense . 
Just two more finals to go ! 
Scrapbook , yo . 
Human Event paper or packing ? ... Wow , both sound so exciting . 
\Who wouldn't want to have sex with Batman ? \ " \ " But ! There'd be no emotion in it ; he wouldn't want to get attached . He'd be gone before you woke up . \ " \ " So ? It's BATMAN . I've had worse one night stands . \"" 
It's a sad , sad day . ),: 
is all alone with no roommate . Too much space ! D: 
Spanish final , here I come ! 
Oh snap ! I'm officially done with finals and my first year of college . Time to pack and head home , yo ! :D 
All I gotta do is make it through the airport and I'm home free . Don't ask me for my papers , airport security man ! 
is back home in San < PROPFIRST > . It's time for some tacos and a nap ! 
I'm only here a day , and it's already the apocalypse outside . What ? 
Haha , I love how < PROPMALE > Chappelle talks . xD 
is cutting her hair tomorrow . Like , super short . See how this works . 
can't wait until \Toy Story 3 . \ " :D " 
is going to run tomorrow . No really . ... Stop laughing . 
\I see a little silhouetto of a man ... \"" 
finally caught up with \LOST . \ " Can't wait for the series finale on Sunday ! " 
has an interview Tuesday at SeaWorld . If I'm lucky , they'll ask me to pee in a cup ! 
Ok , since I've been asked several times ( 7 ) , if I were to have another movie night , which night would be good for everyone ? I assume Friday again ? 
LOST series finale in 20 minutes . This is the highlight of my summer , yo . :D 
enjoyed the LOST finale and is sad to see it end . But the ending was great , so it'll do . (,: 
is now officially employed ! 
Wow , \Slam Dunk\ " is actually really good . Though it probably helps that basketball is a sport I understand . " 
finally saw that < PROPFIRST > Beiber clip where he doesn't know what < PROPMALE > is . I may hate the guy , but even I was embarrassed for him . 
didn't do anything this weekend . Haha , why am I so lazy ? 
feels like playing her N64 . So I will . :D 
looks like a janitor . Guess I'm ready for work ! :D 
feels like sleeping . These breaks at 4 AM are gonna be a problem , haha . 
2010 MTV Movie Awards . 
If anyone wants to text me between 4 and 5 AM , go for it . :D 
started her four straight days of work today . Will I survive until Saturday ? Haha , even I don't know . 
doesn't get paid until Tuesday . Seriously , SeaWorld ? WTF . 
You'd think someone over 50 years old wouldn't act like a whiny child . Then again , this is SeaWorld ... 
doesn't know what movies to watch for the movie night . 
literally just slept all day and now has to go to work in an hour . At least I'm off tomorrow ... 
Waffles ! :D 
can't wait to go camping ! 
What would you do : kick a puppy or punch a baby ? YOU MUST CHOOSE . ( I'd punch the baby , fyi . ) 
only has one day off this week . Darn you , Fourth of July week ... end ! 
is in pain . Can I go home now ? 
got drenched at work . It was pretty fun , haha . 
really wants to go to Fiesta Texas or something . 
is going camping and won't be back until Thursday ! :D See ya ! 
is back from camping ! Time for a shower and a nap . 
does not want to go into work tonight . ),: 
\F is for Fire that burns down the whole town . U is for Uranium ... Bombs ! N is for No Survivors when you --!\"" 
It embarrasses me to see Usher and < PROPFIRST > Bieber in the same music video . 
put her 2 weeks in today . Last Day of Work : August 1st ! :D 
hopes work doesn't suck today . 
just realized how much she gets hit on at work . I'm not sure whether to be flattered or a little creeped out . 
Anyone know where I can buy Sesame Street stuff ? Like a magnet or a plushie ? 
Yay , my book came in : \The Name Above the Title : An Autobiography\ " by < PROPFIRST > Capra . Should be really interesting ! " 
It's kind of depressing how slow i clean , even after 2 months . 
Only 5 more days of work left ! I can do this ! 
With only 3 days left of work , I would find a way to mess things up . 
It's the last day of work tonight . I'm so happy , but so sad to be leaving my coworkers . Sorry , guys ! D,: 
is finally free from SeaWorld ! 
is not used to being awake during the day . 
needs to find new shows to watch , but is too lazy to actually watch any . 
finally turned in her uniform and ID for SeaWorld . I guess I am officially without a job . :D 
ASU is messin ' up my financial aid a week before it's supposed to be disbursed . Yeah . Thanks for that . 
wonders why it takes 40 minutes to plan an evening with < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Ybarra , and < PROPMALE > Sanchez ( and maybe < PROPFEMALE > Sandoval ) . Now my head hurts . GOOD NIGHT . 
ASU fixed my financial aid ! ( Quickly , for once . ) Yay ! :D 
got her dad a new iPod Touch for his birthday . Damn those things are really nice . Now I want one . 
So apparently I look angry all the time and I'm dominating . Also , I slam car doors . ( Sorry . ) Is this true ? How come no one tells me these things ?! 
leaves in 2 days ! Ah ! 
doesn't feel like packing . 
is leaving for Arizona ! See ya , San < PROPFIRST > ! :D 
is finally at ASU ! :) 
Wow , I can literally feel myself burning under the sun . I guess I am back in Arizona . 
So who's going to that concert tonight ? 
has her first day of classes tomorrow . On a Thursday . ... What ? 
is off to her first class of the semester ! Yay ! (?) 
Having no phone reception in my dorm room is starting to piss me off . Why must you suck in AZ , AT&T ? 
Let's see how this tattoo thing works . 
Excercised this morning and now time to eat some breakfast . Today's starting off great ! Hopes everyone has a great first ( full ) week of school . :D 
You're killin ' me here . Blackboard . You're killin ' me . 
refuses to have a repeat of last semester . 
It's too early in the year for this . 
is hungry and so tired . Can't I just eat and sleep at the same time ? 
should just get Netflix and stop putting if off . 
is very much impressed and amused by the guys singing in the < PROPMALE > Courtyard . 
is completely caught up in her homework ... and it's NOT 2 AM ! 
Too bad \LOST\ " didn't win anything at the 2010 Emmys . " 
It's interesting how people notice that I'm part Native American before they notice I'm Mexican . I guess because they're more common here ...? 
It's only just now September ? School's gonna go by slow this semester , isn't it ? 
feels like going camping or hiking or something this weekend . 
They didn't close off the streets for First Friday . Weird . 
Helping at the football game all day ! Well , here we go ... 
really needs to stop it with the low self-esteem . 
should just speak Spanish all day one day and see what happens . 
Way to act like a total spazz , < PROPFEMALE > . 
Freakin ' anthropology lab . It's so confusing ! 
doesn't want to do two Honors Contracts this semester , but I really just wanna get them over with . 
\The Venture Bros . \ " returns tonight !!! So excited ! :D " 
Oh man , it was the Human Event all over again . Well , at least I wasn't trying to say Rousseau . 
Why do you hate me so , Internet ? Haven't I always been good to you ? 
So SRC is having a Badminton Singles Tournament on Friday ( 09/17 ) and I totally want to do it . :D 
Where can I buy AZ or ASU postcards ? 
The fire alarm is going off at the MU ? I guess it's burning down again . 
is going to be playing in the Badminton Singles Tournament today at 7 PM ! Come join me ! 
Depth perception : my only weakness . 
should be studying for her two tests tomorrow . But sleep is looking like a much better option ... 
Why is it that whenever you need/want/decided to do homework , that's when the computer messes up on you ?! 
Wow , today just isn't going my way . 
\I don't know ; you don't know ; nobody does . So I guess I'll give it a try . I don't know ; you don't know ; nobody does . But I feel like that's all right ! \"" 
wants to be a cheerleader for Halloween . 
loves staying up late working on homework she should've done hours ago . 
The day's finally over . Thank god . 
kind of really wants to go to < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE>'s and < PROPFIRST > Colbert's rallies . Haha , just think how awesome it would be . 
saw some pigeons mating on the < PROPMALE > lawn . I was like , \GET A ROOM . NO ONE WANTS TO SEE THAT . \"" 
needs to do her homework . Anyone wanna join me ? 
is so happy it's Friday ! 
Rain ...? What is this rain you speak of ? 
will one day not turn in her FMS 110 discussion board post 20 minutes before it's due . 
Of course it wouldn't rain the day I remember my jacket . 
has her first midterm today ! W00t ! 
is excited for CCI tomorrow ! ( But doesn't feel like packing . ) 
will be camping all weekend ! :D So I won't answer any texts/calls/Facebook stuffs until Sunday evening . Everyone have a good weekend ! 
is back from camping and had the best time ever ! xD Thanks , < PROPFEMALE > Adams ! ( Pictures will be up soon . ) 
All I wanna do is upload some pictures , Facebook . Why you gotta be like this ? 
doesn't really want to study for her midterm . 
ASM 104 was really interesting today . Fun fact : humans are more promiscuous than gorillas . 
\Community\ " is such a good series . But also makes me realize my considerable lack of ( recent ) pop culture knowledge . " 
Studying . Just two more midterms to go ! 
\But I crumble completely when you cry . It seems like once again you've had to greet me with goodbye ... \"" 
This test is gonna suck . FML . 
Yup . Just totally failed my ASM 104 test . Yay for not studying ! 
Sleep is for the weak . 
hates labs . What is their point ? 
finished \Slam Dunk . \ " On to the next anime/manga ! Which should be ...? " 
was supposed to work on some homework today . Yeah ... about that ... 
is kind of starting to stress out . Just a little . 
Rally to Restore Sanity and/or Fear , yo . 
Monday already ? Can't we just skip to Friday ? 
Oh . ... Oops . 
just declared Women and Gender Studies as her minor ! W00t ! :D 
So much to do and so little time . FACEBOOK , YOU'RE NOT HELPING . 
No fun this weekend . Got lots of stuff to do ! 
feels like dancing ! 
Ugh . You're killing me , FMS 270 . You're killing me . 
No ! It's getting cold , even during the day ! 
is gonna enjoy her day off tomorrow . :) 
Classes on Friday ... Why ...?! 
Uh oh . That homesick feeling is starting to come around again ... 
\I walked across an empty land ; I knew the pathway like the back of my hand . ... Is this the place we used to love ? Is this the place that I've been dreaming of ...? \"" 
FML . 
It's a really nice day . Good for just finding a nice spot to read or people watch , you know ? 
Who freakin ' has a test on the Wednesday before Thanksgiving ? I mean , really . Once again , you're killing me , SPA 202 ; you're killing me . 
Happy Thanksgiving ! :D 
Man , I really hate the cold weather . Can't even sit outside without freezing . 
Can I go home yet ? 
Jesus Christ , < PROPMALE > Wise . You're going to give me a heart attack . 
Crossing the road is scary . 
hates school and my computer so much right now . 
wants a new computer . 
No more classes ! Now just 5 tests and one paper stand between me and San < PROPFIRST > . 
What's with the \number statuses ? \"" 
Writing this stupid Women's Studies essay is making me want to study for my tests on Monday and Tuesday . I WANT TO STUDY . OMG FINALS WEEK I HATE YOU SO MUCH . 
had so much fun last night ! :D But now I have to study for my 3 finals tomorrow . D,: ( But thanks < PROPFEMALE > Miller for the ride last night . And thank you , < PROPMALE > Lusk , for the entertainment that is you cleaning your motherfucking house . ) 
So hungry . Darn you , SPA 202 ! 
If only it were that easy . 
is finally done with her finals ! All I gotta do now is edit this paper and I can go home ... tomorrow morning . 
Goodbye ASU ! See you in a month ! 
Why does Facebook take so long to upload photos ? 
Senate is going to repeal DADT ? FINALLY . 
I would go to college in the crazy , violent state . 
is heading back to AZ ! :D 
My film professor , in describing someone who wasn't good at writing , said , \She wasn't the brightest knife in the crayon box . \ " My film classes never fail to disappoint me . " 
We film majors fail at literature , lol . 
Why is it so < PROPFEMALE > and cold ? I thought I was in AZ ! 
doesn't know whether to live on campus or get an apartment next semester . 
< PROPFEMALE > Miller and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > are the greatest people EVER . :D 
How am I supposed to avoid the temptation that is Starbucks when they're everywhere ? Darn you , capitalism ! 
Man , no respect for TX up here . 
wants to go see a play . 
wants to do something for Spring Break . 
When people call , why does no one leave messages anymore ? 
< PROPFIRST > Savage . MU 241 . 6 PM . Be there , yo . 
I had nothing intelligent to say to < PROPFIRST > Savage . /FAIL . 
No , Netflix , I do not want to merge my Facebook account with my Netflix account . I swear , why are we still using social security < PROPFIRST > ? We might as well just make Facebook accounts for everyone when they're born . 
It would rain today . ]:< 
Philosophy ? In my film class ? It's more likely than you think . 
Film students are the nicest people ever . I'm so proud of my < PROPMALE > ! :D 
came dangerously close to being pretentious to other people about their analysis of a film . NO ! I don't want to be that kind of film student . If you ever hear me say anything , please call me out on it . Thanks . 
So tired ... 
Does anyone have a house I could use for shooting my midterm film project in ? It would be Saturday and Sunday , during the day , with about 7 -- 8 people , including me . 
There's a guy across from me in the library that's wearing a black cowboy hat . I wanna ask him where he's from and that it looks awesome . 
wants to go to Camp Sparky CCI !!! Stupid film midterm ... ),:< 
Does anyone have the movie \The Town\ " I could borrow tomorrow ? " 
films her midterm today ! I'm super excited ( even though I could've gone camping) ! But hopefully everything goes well ! 
just found in iPhone in her backpack . No joke . 
What's a fun elective to take ? 
\What do you wanna eat ? \ " \ " I don't know ; but we can't eat meat today . \ " \ " ... So does that mean we can have Taco Bell ? \ " xD " 
Has anyone taken a psychology class ? 
has lots to do before the trip to CA on Monday ! 
is off to San < PROPMALE > , CA ! See y'all when I come back on Thursday ! :D 
took over 500 photos on her trip to California . This is going to be interesting ... 
Why are you so old , my laptop ? D,: 
Y u so slow , internet ? 
probably just freakin ' failed her FMP midterm . I swear , this is just like Intro to Screenwriting . It's a good thing I'm not an FMP student or I would've been kicked out the door a long time ago . 
Hay mucho español en Facebook hoy . 
is going to the Phoenix Film Festival tonight ! w00t ! :D 
There's a fight going on in the parking lot of a liquor store . What a surprise . 
is actually not failing her film class ! This is a miracle ! 
So much reading to do ! 
Entire ASU campus blackout ? Man , there budget cuts are intense . 
Entire ASU campus blackout ? Man , these budget cuts are intense . 
Classes after 5 PM ruin everything . Especially when they're 3 hours long . 
The passing train always reminds me of home for some reason . 
Fire alarm at the < PROPMALE > library ; that's a first . 
What should a < PROPFEMALE > do when EVERY student is angry with the grade she gave them ? If you know the answer , please come to my film class , lol . 
Does anyone know where you can fax something on campus ? 
I officially have no more classes ! 
No more quiet nights at the library ... 
Wow , \Inuyasha\ " has a pretty awesome musical score . " 
hates packing . 
Anyone need boxes for packing/storage ? I got three extra . 
< PROPMALE > check out is a bitch . 
Everyone's graduating ! :D 
goes back home to San < PROPFIRST > tomorrow ! ( Or rather , today ! ) 
misses everyone from Camp Sparky already . D,: 
is finally home ! Finally . 
needs a job . 
Ugh . What is this humidity ? 
My birthday present wishlist : getting in debt with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Ybarra and < PROPFEMALE > Sandoval . :D 
How do I connect my laptop to my TV ? Or , how would I begin trying to do this ? 
has a job interview at H-E-B tomorrow . Hopefully it goes well ! 
Oh , ' 80s movies . You and your ( unconscious . ) displays of homoerotocism . 
There breaks at work are killing me . I can't even enjoy them , I'm so not used to them . 
is going camping today ! See y'all when I get back Saturday ! 
This is Walmart , NOT a bank , people . So the change I give you is the change I give you . 
\The Venture Bros . \ " marathon ? Don't mind if I do . " 
is in Tempe , AZ ! :D 
Anyone want a cool mini fridge ? It's free ! If you can get it from my apartment to wherever you are , you can have it . ( Please , someone take it off my hands . ) 
It's always cute to see guys enjoy Zumba too . 
How am I suddenly so busy already ? It's only the end of the first week ! 
What is up with the weather in Tempe ? 
Have nothing to do Sunday morning ? Want to be an extra in a web series ? Well , here's your < PROPMALE > ! The Aum's Law is going to be shooting tomorrow ( Sept . 4 ) at 9:30 AM in the Farmer Education Building ( < PROPMALE > ) in room #326 ! Come have a great time with other film extras and get experience being on a set ! 
Do fraternities and sororities rush at the same time ? 
is so , so glad it's Friday . 
If it's not one thing , it's the other . 
would make the world's worst biologist . 
My laptop does not want me to enjoy life . Or get work done . 
needs quarters for doing laundry . Where does one get change in Tempe ? D,: 
is going to type her FMS midterm essay ! :D Any essay-writing music suggestions ( besides the sound of my own boredom and frustration) ? 
< PROPFEMALE > and I are going to go karaoke this Saturday at around 10 PM at a bar on Mill Avenue ! :D Anyone's welcomed to join us ! But be forewarned : we're probably going to stay there until 2 AM cuz we like badly singing ' 90s songs that much . 
really shouldn't be eating so many nachos at 1 AM . 
Finished all my midterms ! Now to stress about if I did well on them or not for the next week . :D 
What happened to my Saturday ?! I haven't been productive at all ! D,: 
