is home 

Summer Ventures is going swimmingly 
i wish real fireworks were legal here 
Woman hold her head and cry , ' Cause her son had been shot down in the street and died 
< PROPFEMALE > was awesome 
Feels sick 
Harvard , MIT down Bowdoin left to go ... New England is lovely this time of year 
2:45 ............................... done with my paper .......................... caffeine is a demon ............................................. 
new phone 919-360-6187 
yo voy a nicaragua 
Can any < PROPMALE > tell me how < PROPMALE > wants the in text citations for the family history paper ? i was zoning out when he explained it . 
CRUNCH TIME ( roughly 36 hours 36 minutes to go ( funny aint it ? )) 
13 hours 28 minutes .... and the fun begins 
10 hours 16 minutes ... oh how time flies ... regardless of any fun you may be having 
< 10h 
9 HOURS !!!! 
7h 53m 
6 HOURS CAN YOU HERE THE CLOCK TICK ? 
nap time 
My head is not good caffeine is a hell of a drug 
Papers are so much Fun !!! :D 
LETS GO BUTLER !!!! 
So many nice cars ... LA is crazy 
Occidental was pretty awesome Cal Tech not so much 
Choke : official drink of the duke mens basketball team ( LETS GO BUTLER ! ) 
AP Bio and < PROPFEMALE > california just do not mix .... 
Cali was fun but i am glad to be home .... now time to start on that homework ... 
I missed NC 
if you were the one who put the condom on my shifter i would like you to know that if it happens again it is within my rights to take legal action against you for vandalism , breaking into a car , and sexual harassment . seeing as this is the second time it has occurred i must assume it was premeditated . if you were just joking do not do it again . i am not fucking around . 
Happy Bicycle Day everyone 
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes . 
wake up with the sun .... 
We are shaped by our thoughts ;\ 
we become what we think . When the mind is pure , joy follows like a \ 
shadow that never leaves . 
Us history paper done only took 2.5 hours from start of research to finish of paper 
is so glad he took AP's cause now he only has one normal exam and its spanish . 
NICARAGUA !!!! 
Nicaragua was the shit coming hom tomrrow 
GOV SCHOOL 2010 ! 
im going to slowly starve to death ... 
Everyone if you have never heard The Old Ceremony check them out they are an amazing band and are always able to move me with their music no matter where i am . 
7 Samurai ! 
just saw an amazing play put on by some extremely talented actors . Museum was awesome keep up the good work guys . 
GSW round 2 ... Bring it on 
THEY KILLED THAT GODDAMN SNAKE ! 
i feel lost in my own home ... why am i not at GSW right now ? 
Swarthmore today and lots of driving ... amherst and wesleyan tomorrow :) 
I am sitting here wanting memories to teach me to see the beauty in the world through my own eyes . 
Misses < PROPFEMALE > Spear an awful lot 
GSW Class of 2010 I miss all of you so much . I feel like with the school year starting we will all begin to drift apart and that is something i dread . I became closer with some of you than people i have known my entire life . I just don't want to let it all slip away ... 
Power manifests itself through games of < PROPFEMALE > 
I woke up dead again ... I could not comprehend ... you said I'd be alright ... just wait until tonight ... 
Lost my phone ... 
When we spend all of our time becoming who they want us to be we forget who we really are 
might actually go to bed at a decent hour 
The Old Ceremony had an amazing show last night to debut their awesome new album Tender Age . 
is being dragged into the past 
Oh , look what you've done ..... 
I can tell the new season of top gear is going to be excellent . 
senior seminar people if you want my notes send me and email at ewhittier@gmail.com 
Walla Walla 
back in the 919 ... had a great time at < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > 
... a fool of everyone 
Immanuel triumphs again 
Done with my paper ... i can already tell < PROPFEMALE > is going to rip me apart :/ 
rain , \ 
at midnight 
At least after a long day of work i can take solace in calculus 
and thus Frankenstein is vanquished 
What is power ? 
if only philosophy could be as simple and straightforward as math 
Your world is an illusion 
and thus it begins , the beginning of the end . 
i am so happy that i actually got a head start on this paper . Because of this fact i am almost done :D 
if everyone made it a goal to read at least one book , just for fun , every month the world would be a better place . 
We believe in nothing ... 
is going to be a member of the < PROPMALE > College class of 2015 
the little bit of sadness in me 
Studying the Case 
The little bit of sadness in me 
ill 
one hood one good 
Calcifer , move the castle sixty < PROPMALE > west . 
In ancient times the land lay covered in forests , where from ages long past dwelt the spirits of the gods . 
I have faith in the power of your faith 
Foucault is my hero 
Sometimes i think the gods are laughing at us 
I've recently decided i don't believe in you . \ 
\ 
Deal with it . 
Dear Immanuel Kant , \ 
Even though we have had our disagreements in the past , I have decided that we can be friends again . Welcome aboard . 
And at the end after all the dust has settled i find that Plato truly is the philosopher < PROPMALE > , or rather the < PROPMALE > of philosophers . 
slow but steady progress 
hot tub 
Everybody is a genius . But if you judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree , it will live its whole life believing that it is stupid . \ 
- < PROPFIRST > Einstein 
phone died and computer seems to be on its way out its well . Regardless the snow is great and this week is going to be awesome . 
had a great week of riding but i am looking forward to being back in the 919 tomorrow 
new phone text me your name and number if you want me to know who you are 
I was angry with my friend I told my wrath , my wrath did end . \ 
- < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > 
