is excited . I just got access to the site I will be navigating to complete my coursework . 

definitely thinks that she is planning an African Grey Timneh Parrot as her graduation present for next year . They usually run $800 to $1000 bucks . 
really needs to do the dishes , but probably won't . Well , okay , maybe I'll do half ... later ... 
is glad to have the opportunity for industrius toiling while others relax and go on fabulous vacations . 
I received my textbooks yesterday so now I can get started on the course assignments ! 
doesn't know why she is not the administrator account to her own computer or why she can't copy and paste from a word document into a text box on-line anymore . > ( 
is going back to \crazy \"...." 
What a dreary 4th . I love it . 
* shh * I'm studying for a very important exam now . 
Thinks its a little wet for a pet carnival , but is still headed out to a co-worker's wedding later today . 
Refluxing is often used in conjenction with percolation , such that the falling liquid passes through plant material to extract its properties . 
is hoping The Wheel of Fortune wheels some good luck her way . :P 
is 15% through her course with a score of 99.2 . 
is craving fresh sushi rolls . * drool * 
wishes she could find her castle on a cloud . 
\Thirst drove me down to the water where I drank the < PROPFEMALE>'s reflection . \ " -Rumi " 
Going to go shop for some camping stuff for our trip later this month . 
Someone let me know that creeps like to pick up black cats near Halloween for sacrifices . How comforting . 
Cosmo has been adopted ! Yay ! He was adopted by a guy in < PROPFIRST > that wanted a companion for his wife because he travels a lot on his job . He owns a shipping company so apparantly they will be picking up the cat for him . Cool . 
Off to go camping until Sunday ! It's supposed to rain the whole time too , but hopefully the storms won't be very severe . :D 
I got good news , I'm entitled to 3 years of full-time GI < PROPMALE > benefits at 60% of benefits payable . So I can go to school full-time and I only pay 40% of my own expenses . I'm still paying for my own certification as a veterinary asst , but I can go to school to be a veterinary technician and all of that education will be well within the three years of benefits that I received . 
is ready to ship out Cosmo as soon as he gets his flea bath ! :P 
got in a < PROPMALE > study session this morning ! With a few sensibly spaced breaks . :) 
can't get the sound back on the computer ! I don't know what I did ...! 
Current Grade : 97.37 55% completed with the course . 
Thinking about replacing the land line with a trac fone . 
feels accomplished . I finished studying two chapters and went grocery shopping all in the same morning . Well , it feels like an accomplishment ... seeing as all I usually want to do after work is pass out . 
realizes that poverty murders dreams . 
I saw a cop buying doughnuts last night . I'd be too embarrased to buy them in uniform . 
bought some mahogany henna creme for her hair . Too bad she doesn't have a cam or she would post results later ... :( 
The guy that was going to buy my cat sent me a bad check for $1800 saying that I had to send a money transfer to an address he gave me that was the shipping company . It seemed odd , but I did it and now I've just lost all that money with no way of getting it back . 
Can something good happen for my birthday , please ? * sad * 
Anyone know who can take in a cat ? I don't even trust Petfinder.com anymore . Even if some farmer can take in an extra barn cat that is fine . He's survived worse than being an outdoor cat ... 
feels foolish . 
The heart has a memory that records only action or inaction . 
I ate the last can of ravioli I bought for him . 
< PROPMALE > couldn't take the cat after all . 
is hungry and is going to cook teh foodz now . 
wishes she could say something profound , but has a profoundly splitting headache . 
I spend too much time on here . 
won't have regular internet access until she can get a dsl modem . 
has had to nix her Friday night Halloween plans due to shortages at work . Boohoo . ;_; 
feels Halloweeny cuz she dyed her hair black . And she WILL be going out Saturday night despite having to work Friday . 
has finally received her modem in the mail and will get it set up hopefully by Saturday , so no more updating from the friends ' house . :P 
Doing dishes , cleaning up , studying , and contemplating on rearranging . 
has an admissions appointment at < PROPMALE > College for the Veterinary Technician program . ;D 
I finally got around to cleaning the fridge that someone would continually trash in childish temper tantrums ... at least I don't have to worry about any broken glass anymore . :D 
I have that kind of cold that makes your face all itchy and you have to sneeze all the time . So I'm crashing out now ... @_@ 
Do you ever feel as though you're leading an entirely different life through your dreams ? 
maxed out her work eval and got a 60 cent raise . :D 
Using only four words , tell me what you would say to me if we woke up in a jail together . Then copy and paste this into your own Facebook status and see what responses you get . ( This is of course funnier for those of you who have never actually woken up in a cell ) 
Happy Thanksgiving to all my friends and family ! Have a great day and make sure to stuff yourself ! 
OMG wau , I love my new Virgin Mobile camera phone ! I've been taking pics of Wraith ( formerly known as Cosmo ) and I like the voice memo option b/c I have random thoughts I'd like to remember but nothing to write them down with , so now I can just record my thoughts and remember everything ! Yay ! 
is on her way to take the math and english placement test for < PROPMALE > . 
I got the results of my placement exam . I needed a score of 44 to pass the math portion and I scored a 67 ! I needed a score of 80 to pass my english portion and I scored 107 ! Whoo ! < PROPMALE > already helped me celebrate with a sushi lunch . It was delicious ! ^_^ 
A ladybug flew into my computer monitor and scared the crap out of me ! 
almost fell down a well last night . Luckily only one of my legs fell through the cover , but I sure was surprised ! 
I hate trashy Tuesdays . :: kicks Tuesday :: 
is mobile now . 317 507 4577 Don't blow up my phone though , my landline is still the best way to contact me ! 
has teh sweetest boyfriend evar ! <3 
is sipping cocoa in her cozy new pj's and slippers while she looks at the snowy landscape outside . She idly ponders the ramifications of speaking of herself in the third person , but such cares are easily dismissed in the comfort of the moment . 
So tell me something I can do other than clean , watch tv , waste time on YouTube , or play computer games ? * bored * 
Why are long term marriages so unheard of now ? I don't think the potential for people to make a firm commitment has changed so drastically in the past century , but what has ? Is it simply a reflection of more individuals leaving unhealthy codependant relationships or have people become more disposable ? 
I wonder at what age I will completely give up attempting to appear attractive to others . I'm in a curious mood . O_o 
I'm only playing cafe world and superpoke pets at the moment so all other requests/gifts/invites will be ignored for the time being . I like to keep my application addiction to a moderately manageable level . :P 
is chillin ' to some streaming drum and bass on bassdrive.com and doing a little housework . 
Wraith loves my snuggie . :P 
Copy this into your status and see what people rate you . 1 : Crazy . 2 : I'd marry you . 3 : Talkative . 4 : Sarcastic . 5 : Loveable . 6 : Clubhead . 7 : Moody . 8 : Dumb . 9 : Spoiled . 10 : Mouthy . 11 : Random . 12 : Hot . 13 : Funny . 14 : Fit . 15 : Amazing . 16 : Tough . 17 : Cute . 18 : BF/GF Type . 19 : Player . 20 : The Best . BE HONEST !!! 
MIDDLE NAME ONLY ! Everyone play this game ! You will find it interesting to know what your FB friends ' middle name is .. Copy & paste this to your profile . Before you do , tell me YOUR middle name ................. mine is [ Irene ] 
I'll be breaking from my facebook applications indefinitely whilst I polish away some much needed tasks on my \To Do\ " list . " 
Is determined to chill for the rest of the day after a busy morning of cleaning and chores ... 
is havin ' a beer before 8 am because it's cool to be an adult . 
Is it lucky if you find a ladybug with no spots ? 
I just finished filing my taxes . Thats a relief ! 
So I got Sims 3 and it's pretty kewl ! The only thing is I'm still addicted to Sims 2 ... so I have to alternate between both versions , haha ... :P 
I cooked , I cleaned , and I made an appointment with financial aid . I am complete ! 
tired .... @_@ 
Punxsutawney < PROPMALE > is a sham . I'd like to see his credentials . 
For giggles ... Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status , and put the first entry for your name under comments 
My cat threw up three times in a row . I have a devastating cold and haven't ventured out into the snow at all . Just spending some quality time with < PROPMALE > who's been nursing me through my illness . ^_^ 
My head is going to explode . 
Home-made pore cleansing strips : Egg whites and toilet paper . Make sure you open your pores with a steam bath for a few minutes . Apply egg white , layer on tp and apply more egg white to paste it to your face . Peel off after hardened . 
I think this is one of the snowiest winters yet . Lyin ' weathermen said it would be a mild winter . 
I just spent a fun time sweeping my computer twice with my anti-virusware to get rid of a persistent trojan . 
This cat is driving me crazy . He's the fursonification of annoyance . 
sick again . 
I hate car hunting in a seller's market . Everyone's got their tax checks fresh in hand ! > P 
Goodnight world . Goodnight daylight . Goodnight day-people . Hello starlight . Hello coffee . Hello quiet night . 
\Do you think that < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > has ever picked their nose in public ? Yes \ " I'll have you all know that I only pick my nose in private ! Okay ? lol " 
Yuck . I accidentally bought 1% milk instead of skim . Now I'll have to get cereal , because I can't drink it straight . 
I'm going to see < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland today . Yay ! 
I made a delicious spaghetti bake per the birthday boy's request . Yummm . 
My tonsils are swollen and it hurts to swallow . It feels like there is a big lump in my throat . :( I was researching to see what could cause that and swollen tonsils are a symptom of mono . Another symptom is fatigue and I have been much more tired lately for no apparent reason . If it doesn't go away in a day or so I think I'll head to a clinic . 
My tonsils feel fine now ! I don't know what happened the other day ... 
OMG I am SOOOOOO excited bc I've had a birdhouse on my fence for like two years and finally a pair of wrens are using it to nest in this year !!!!!!!!! Yaaaaayyyyy ! 
is eating key lime pie and about to watch World's Greatest Dad with < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . I love Friday nights ! :P 
Would any of you eat cheese made from breast milk ? Would it have to be a certain individual or not ? I don't think I could ... I'm really not a big fan of cheese to start with . 
Had to work until 8 instead of 7 bc of daylight savings . Kinda sucks to lose an hour . 
I care about specific causes that are important to me , but if you take on too many causes you can only devote perhaps 10% of your energy to all of them . I don't want to give less than 100% to the one or two things I'm passionate about . 
I just washed my MP3 player . There goes about $80 bucks . I swear I had checked the pockets too , it was stuck down in there . 
Just gave in and bought some new shisha tobacco for my hookah ; guava , mixed fruit , and plum flavors . I'm looking forward to trying them out ! 
So all of my books are ordered , my scrubs are ordered , and I start school Monday . Whoohoo ! 
I strained the tendon in my right forearm at work . It's pretty challenging to surf and type with only my left hand ! :P 
I now have a 98 Cavalier . The irony ! lol 
So my Cavalier z24 handles beautifully , but it's very responsive which took some getting used to . I think it's actually my best car as far as driving experience so far . 
Butler just had to steal the thunder away from Autism Blue Friday . But I'm still wearing blue anyway . 
I had to lay down accross the backseat and into the trunk to try and change my tail light and failed . The trunk won't open . For some reason it's like the bulbs I got don't fit even though I got the ones listed in my owners < PROPMALE > . The repair < PROPMALE > I bought wasn't much help . 
I'm taking my car in to < PROPFIRST>'s Auto Shop tomorrow , so hopefully I can take care of the most urgent issues then . 
It's interesting to feel like I barely have time to breathe let alone eat . The joys of student life .... @_@ 
It turns out the left front ball bearing was bad on the vehicle . When they took it off it just fell apart . Luckily , I shouldn't have any more problems because they took care of everything today . 
I was going to head in to school early today and study , but now my car won't start . Can you drain the battery by leaving your windshield wipers on ? I didn't figure that would make a difference . 
I missed a whole day of school because of loose battery cables and a dirty connection at the starter . At least it was a cheap repair . 
I felt like a nerd this morning because I bought plain bran cereal . 
I'll be logging at least 130 < PROPMALE > of commute every week to and from school . 
I intubated a dead turkey and learned about acupuncture for small animals today ! 
Ugh ! I hate it when I'm chewing and I bite down on my lip ! 
is about to inhale some pizza and enjoy a nice tall drink after getting through this week ! :P But I did get two 100% quizzes back in math so I'm really excited about that . I've always been terrible at math . 
Wow , I'm so excited ! I'm going to do 4 hours of job shadowing at the Indianapolis Veterinary Emergency Center ( IVEC ) . They're a state of the < PROPMALE > animal hospitol and they're only about 10 minutes away from me . 
I make awesome quesadillas . 
This car ..... grrr . I'm having it towed in to have the steering looked at because it keeps jerking and pulling me all over the place . I'm afraid it's eventually going to cause me to lose control and wreck . 
My front tires somehow became damaged and need replacing . Also one of the ball bearing joints became loose but they tightened that up for me . Damn indy roads and damn potholes . Although the outcome isn't so bad . The work they've done is under 40 bucks and I just need to replace those tires in the front . 
My car is driving much better now , like a cloud , but I still need to get my front alignment looked at because Discount Tire doesn't do that . I got new tires too which is a bit of a waste ... should've gotten used b/c I spent over 200 dollars getting those tires and having them put on . 
I'm collecting clothes and shoes for a < PROPFEMALE > drive so if anyone can help me out I'd really appreciate it ! It counts as part of my finals as community service . 
I took in a pregnant stray cat . She's a very sweet and affectionate tortoishell . I hated the idea of her queening in a dirty crawlspace . She's very bloated , but I'm not sure when she will pop . 
So bored at work , don't wanna go back . x_x 
I hate that the people in my neighborhood make me NOT want to get outside and relax on my porch . I like the twilight hours , but there's no privacy . 
I'm heading out to Goodwill to give them all the crap I don't want anymore . Cleaning house feels good . 
I'm hoping for a good rain this afternoon . I just finished cleaning off my porch . 
I < PROPFEMALE > .... chocolate milk . 
I don't have text on my cell anymore , so don't text me . Thanks ! 
I'm pretty excited . I already found a home for one kitten and they aren't even here yet . :) 
Preggo cat's temp was 99.9 degrees fahrenheit today . So she may < PROPFEMALE > in the next 24 hours ! Unless I didn't get an accurate reading . 
So far I have a black kitten and a creamsicle kitten . More to come ! :) 
What a beautiful day to fail ... I mean ace a poultry test , lol . 
I feel ill , but my kittens and my super sweet bf , < PROPMALE > , have made my day so much better ! 
Bottle feeding a kitten is like administering chinese water torture . At least from the way she complains about it ... 
My biggest kitten is 162g and the smallest is 125g . 
Newborn kittens do purr . It sounds like little bubbles popping and it's as faint as the ticking of the second hand on a wristwatch . 
Spaghettio's Beef Ravioli , Fat Tire beer and a Deep Space 9 marathon .... hell yeah ! :P 
My cat Wraith is such a sweetheart . He won't attack or fight Miss Mammy at < PROPMALE > l when she's screaming bloody murder and chasing him < PROPMALE > over the apartment . 
Happy un-parenting affiliated day . 
Haha , < PROPFIRST > could never understand how I could listen to music on the computer and have the tv on at the same time . I'm the < PROPFEMALE > of multi-tasking . lol 
I'm seriously considering cutting back my hours at work . My new schedule has me in school four days a week . I'm worried that will be too much on my plate along with working five nights a week . I don't have any days off at all ... 
Well I think Miss Mammy has mastitis and I can't really care for her in that condition . I'll have to see if there is a facility that can accept her and the kittens . 
Stop calling me Colorado . 
I have a great life . :) 
I'm going to have to figure out some alternate routes home since I'm in class so late on Wed .... got stuck in a gigantic traffic jam during rush hour traffic on 65s . 
If I have the ability to help , how can I not ? If I have the ability to do , I can't allow myself to stop . If I can clearly see the reality before me , how can I look away ? If I continue to persevere , the path's foundation I'll lay . 
I introduced solid food to the kittens today . Nixie ( the tortoishell ) actually ate a decent amount , but the others weren't too interested . 
Everyone else thought sparklers and BBQ on July 4th . I thought of the patriot lying face down in the muck and mire that mingled with his own salty blood and with his dying gasp aspirated that earthy mixture . 
If rabies had a flavor what would it be ? 
Sleepy . @_@ Read three chapters of biology and chapter three in anatomy . 
learned that tortie cats have notoriously bad attitudes . I believe it , because Miss Mammy is the only cat that has actually made me feel frightened . 
Is there any kind of allergy medicine that won't make me drowsy ? 
Just made my camping reservation for September . Can't wait ! :P 
So true ... \I\ 
I'm the root of all that's evil , but you can call me cookie . 
I'm starting to feel like my life is a seamless ribbon of drudgery . 
I think If I ever have triplet girls I'll name them Urine Nuggets , Melena Enema and Jaundice Sialorrhea . 
Two kittens and momma cat left to find homes for . 
Well I'm exhausted . At least I get to go to work now , haha . 
Ugh . Nature is taking a really REALLY hot shower . 
I made a nice juicy roast beef sandwich for lunch today , but left it in my car . I don't think roast beef and mayo are good after broiling in a hot car . :/ I think I better stick to non-perishable lunches . 
I'm in a blah mood . Not feeling biology ... 
My hair gel smells like Fruity Pebbles . Reminds me of being a kid . 
People just want you to keep smiling and act ok so that they don't have to pretend to give a shit . 
ZOMG can't wait for the next cycle of ANTM ! Hopefully these girls won't be as boring as the last batch . :/ 
skinned a dead cat today . It was actually pretty boring . 
I secretly named my dissection cat < PROPFIRST > , lol . 
is caramelizing onions right now to make home made onion soup . :D 
I got so good at wasting my time when I wasn't in school that its hard for me to effectively manage the free time I do get . :P 
My boyfriend totally rocks ! He bought me the Sims 3 World Adventures and Ambitions expansion packs and did my dishes over the weekend ! <3 
Had a blast camping out at Brown County last weekend . The trail ride was definitely my favorite part . I learned about the birds that will visit your feeder and how to attract more too ! 
I wish I knew who my Chemistry instructor is . That's still \TBA\ " on my schedule . " 
Mmm , my apartment smells like spice cake . Waiting for it to cool so I can ice it . 
I forgot to pay my phone < PROPMALE > and all my crap got disconnected . Whoops ! I swore I paid it last month , but I guess I was remembering paying my electric < PROPMALE > because I do all of that online . You can still reach me through my cell , # is on my profile < PROPFEMALE > . :D 
Trying to find a < PROPFEMALE > Boop costume that doesn't look like the costumee is about to film an adult video .... it's impossible ! 
I'm so sleepy . Why must I be forced to think of chemistry now . Wahhh . 
I like turtles . 
While you scream at your woman remember there is someone wishing they could whisper in her ear . While you humiliate , offend , and insult her there is someone flirting with her and reminding her how beautiful she is . While you hurt her there is someone wishing they could take her pain away . While she cries , there is someone stealing smiles from her . Repost if you are against domestic violence . 
If you have a wonderful man , who helps balance your whole world ... who isn't perfect , but is perfect for you .. who works hard and would do anything for you .. that makes you laugh .. who is your best friend .. who you want to grow old with .. and who you are thankful for every day , then ... post this as your status . 
Lots of little synapses deep inside my cerebral cortex have all joined hands and started dancing around and singing nursery rhymes . 
I believe the banking \ 
institutions are more dangerous than standing armies . If the American \ 
people ever allow private banks to control the issue of their currency , \ 
first by inflation , then by deflation , the banks and corporations that \ 
will grow up around ( the banks ) will deprive the people of all property \ 
until their children wake-up homeless on the continent their fathers \ 
conquered . - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
It is no measure of health to be well adjusted to a profoundly sick society - J . Krishnamurti 
feels woozy . Blah . :P 
Most people are other people . Their thoughts are someone else's opinions , their lives a mimicry , their passions a quotation . - < PROPFIRST > Wilde 
Knowing your own darkness is the best method for dealing with the darkness of other people . - < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > 
Be yourself . Everyone else is taken . 
“Beauty endures only for as long as it can be seen ; goodness , beautiful today , will remain so tomorrow . ” Sappho 
I think I found the perfect last name for myself . < PROPFEMALE > . I've never really liked < PROPFIRST > .... 
Job Shadowing today at a lab at Methodist Hospitol . Kind of nervous . 
So the job shadow today was pretty cool . I got to observe a surgery on a gigantic pig where they were implanting embryos . The girl I shadowed did her externship in Fla . so I'm thinking about scouting out a place in < PROPMALE > or Tx .... ~ planning ahead ~ 
\ ... people suffering from selective mutism do not necessarily improve with age ... \ 
Colts lost . Ha . 
I'm just calling the Colts the Paytons from now on . 
Gin ! 
A fun-filled evening of studying and housework await me . w00t 
Ugh . Chemistry headache . 
I dreamed I lost my job and got hired at a juice bar . < PROPMALE > kept saying super supportive things trying to cheer my up about how awesome my new job was . lol 
I think I can more safely study and review for finals at home tomorrow . :P Anyone having a chem study group after school tues or wed ? 
My back is killing me . It hurts to drive , < PROPFEMALE > over , bend over , sit down , stand up , push , pull , etc . This is a recurring issue , do you think it would be worth it to see a doctor ? I don't know what to do . 
I think Satan is trying to claw his way out of my lower back . No get back in there ! Baaaad Satan ! 
Man it's hard not to get gifts when you keep coming across the \perfect thing\ " for people . * sigh * " 
Awesome it only took me about 5 minutes to brush the snow off my car . Last Monday , I had to chip off all the ice on the windows and defrost the seals on my doors , so it took about 45 minutes . 
I feel like I shoulda be makina pizza pie ! 
Having a traditional day after Christmas breakfast of buffalo chicken strips and < PROPFEMALE > coke . 
I am ready for this quarter . Bring it ! 
I spaced my rent this month , but the office clerk was cool and let the late fees slide . Thank God they usually get my rent early and know me well by now ! 
PLEASE put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who has been eaten by dragons . Dragons are nearly unstoppable and , in case you didn't know , they can also breathe fire . 93% of people won't copy and paste this , because they have already been eaten by dragons . 6% of people are sitting in the shower armed with fire extinguishers and the remaining 1% are awesome and will re-post . 
headache ... :( 
Ughhh , bored waiting for class to start ..... @_@ 
I hate sinus cottonhead . :( 
Four new tires , an oil change , coolant top off , and windshield fluid pump later I'm broke ! Haha ! But at least I won't fear for my life on the interstate anymore . XD 
Hehe , my horoscope is still remarkably accurate . ^_^ \ ... you're nice to your fellow humans and people appreciate it . They like to work with you and they like to play with you . They like to talk to you and they like to walk with you . You care and they share and things work out nicely . Terrific . Just make sure that people are nice to you back . You've earned it ! \"" 
Wraith does not like the rats . He watched them for about two minutes and slunk into the bedroom like he was scared of them . 
Don't text without your helmet , protective foam padding , emergency floatation device , and first aid < PROPFEMALE > handy . Oh , wait , or you could use common sense and just be aware of your surroundings . 
I hope I get really lucky on this last exam . 
I had a dream I was eating pigs-in-a-blanket and enjoying them even though I hate pigs-in-a-blanket . So I'm making some anyway because of the strange compulsion I have to eat them ... O_o 
I wish we had just done the Nutrition lecture Tues so I could take the test Thurs and have this bs over with already . Do we need to do these questions before class or are we going to have in-class time to do them ? I'm confused . 
I've never filed taxes as a student . Would it be pretty easy to just fill out a 1040 EZ on my own or should I have someone else prepare my taxes this year ? 
Ugh . Sweating buckets and throat on fire . -_-; 
Blah . I have such a mental fog right now ... 
Well , I almost felt better but now I have a stomach flu . > ( 
I left all of my de-icer inside my ice covered car . 
I smartly ensured that I parked in a very < PROPFEMALE > , totally isolated spot today , lol . 
In answer to all of my animal medicine homework questions a resounding , \Uhhhhh ..... \ " O_o " 
Oops my plates expire Monday , haha ... I hope they mail me my stickers quick ! 
Ahhh I'm going to get a < PROPFEMALE > named < PROPFEMALE > , whee ! 
My car door won't shut now ... grr . Hopefully I can figure out how to get it closed before school . 
Midterms next week , I'm already mentally exhausted just thinking about how I want to study for each class . 
I'm probably going to spend the next couple hours rearranging furniture . I hope its an injury free event . 
Bad mood today . Yuck . 
Got an anonymous love letter left on my car .... kinda creeped out . 
I want some ice cream and a good movie . Back to my animal med homework ... 
Hmm . Almond milk is okay , but the skim milk I like has a totally different consistency . It's not really about the taste with me it's about viscosity . 
I was just thinking about how funny it is that real dudes will never wrap a gift . They'll throw it in a bag , hide it behind their back or have their mom wrap it , but they will never artfully fold paper around an object ! lol 
Spring schedules are up . Sooo excited for next quarter ! And I have Miss Kollock again ! w00t ! 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > is the most supportive caring boyfriend evar ! He cleaned my whole apartment and did the dishes just to help me have time to study and do my homework this weekend . <3 
SIBLING WAR !!! ( Copy this if you are the best and smartest of your siblings ) if this stands an hour without your brother/sister protesting its true ! 
Bleugh ! There's rabbit hair in my teacup ! X_x 
Before you talk , listen . Before you react , think . Before you criticize , wait . Before you pray , forgive . Before you quit , try . 
I'm exhausted . I've been working on a pharm drug review for hours now , but I still have to work tonight and then go to school tomorrow . 
Never thought I'd look forward to going to bed before 7 o'clock . 
PLEASE READ THIS HIJACK WARNING : If you get a posting on your < PROPFEMALE > about viewing a video of a whale crashing into a wall during Japan's tsunami , don't click on it . If you do , all your contacts will be hijacked , and will appear on all your fb friends < PROPFEMALE > s . Please repost , so the word gets out . It's a mean virus . 
Okay I wrote down times for the finals but forgot to write down the DAYS . Can anyone help me out ? I have D2 , D3 and D5 . Today kinda sucked ... 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > was totally buying milk at my store last night . 
omfug I'm almost crapping myself in anticipation of the practical portion of my parasit final . o_O ;; 
I should take kickboxing . I'd feel really good about kicking something right now . 
My eyeglass prescription changed more than I thought it would . Now I get to look forward to the week long adjustment headache . 
Signed up for some bellydance classes through IUPUI's community learning network . They have a lot of interesting classes available not just dance . :D 
Books all ordered for next quarter , whoo ! Now for a week long review of quarters 1-4 ! :D 
Wow I ended up with an 88% for animal med and pharm ! What are the odds ? 
Looks like a < PROPFEMALE > first day of classes tomorrow . I'm loving the breeze though ; my window is open . 
Well I'm taking ballet instead of bellydance because there weren't enough students enrolled . I like ballet too tho . 
I don't want to go to work . 
Bored . And I definitely don't want to apply myself to anything productive . x_x 
Despite all my rage I am still just a rat in a cage . 
Man I'm am totally sold on Ketchikan AK for my externship now ! 
I will be so happy to adjust to a normal daytime schedule again so I don't wake up at 2:45 in the morning anymore . 
Is there any way to stop a cat from bolting his food down and making himself sick ? He doesn't stop to chew his kibble and it causes him stomach upset . 
Does Osama's demise change anything in your opinion ? I feel like there's ten other guys just like him who could fill his shoes soon enough . 
Well the day started awesome , but now I'm bummed . I have three cavities , got a bad haircut , and someone backed into my car while I was at the dentist . 
So I dreamed that I was Condoleezza Rice and the number one advisor to President Obama . He was also falling in LOVE with me and I was like Oh no .... 
Carjackings are on the rise ?! Scary .... O_O 
If a random beheading is not part of my day , it will be a great day . 
I'm going to sleep soundly tonight . Love this < PROPFEMALE > weather . 
For some people race day is a lot of fun . For other people it just means its impossible to GO anywhere . 
I have so much to focus on right now in school , but my mind is on my camping trip in June . I've become decadent . 
The hayweed is awful today . They mowed the grass by the highway at school and my throat is all dry and scratchy . > P 
I had a horrible dream that I gave birth to a baby and before I knew it < PROPMALE > had gone and permanently named him Patterson before I could prevent it .... What an awful name . 
What classic old movies do you feel should be part of an essential must watch list ? Movies that are enriching or unforgettable , movies that help form the core of your personal approach to life ? 
Finally watched my first episode of < PROPFEMALE > .... the similarities are uncanny . :P 
Love the rain . Anticipating first day of classes of 6th quarter . Hoping to avoid jury selection this week . That's all . 
Woohoo ! No jury selection tomorrow . :D 
I forced an adult man to sing Spaghetti Cat on Rockband 3 last night .... awesome . 
Well my old man got a job because he's all responsible and crap . Now I'm lonely , bwaaa . ;_; 
So proud of Wraith . He was quiet and calm for all of his shots and blood draw . His dental went great too ! 
Thinking about obtaining a private pilot license for single engine land . I've always loved to fly so why not become the pilot ? 
Hmm . I've got that weird feeling I'm forgetting something really important . o_o 
Man , I love my daily allergy related headaches . /sarcasm 
If anyone wants to be my companion in Mahjong trails just reply to this . I only need two more people so I can go to Europe . I'm tired of < PROPFEMALE > . 
I assist with my first surgery today . If I get lost I'll just ask myself , \What would < PROPFIRST > Boitano do ? \"" 
My entire weekend will be consumed with studying , homework , and projects . @_@ 
