Who has seen the movie Law Abiding Citizen ?? 

He has no idea :/ 
ha i swear , guys can be so much more dramatic than girls ... GROW SOME BALLS ! lol :P 
is insanely happy :) woo ! haha 
bahaha < PROPFEMALE > ! guess who my mom said looks like a monkey ???! lmao ! 
it rained today !!!! :) 
hmm .. does anyone know how to get a music tab thingy on here ?? 
hates being sick .. and hates having second thoughts .. blah . ha 
24 days ! :) woo ! can't wait to get my new phone ! 
24 days ! woo ! ha i still dont feel my age .. normal ?? :P 
needs to face her fears ! :) i am determined . lol 
vit la vie au maximum ! :) 
sitting .. waiting .. wishing .. * sigh * 
urghhhhhh there goes all hope of having a good bday :( 
hmmm 3 weeks :) woo ! at baileyssss !!! ha ice skating was fun .. 
all we ever do is say goodbye ... 
is going to watch tv .. im actually in an amazing mood .. and i'll be even happier if ya'll would text me :) * waiting * 
wow ... facebook is being insanely lame .. so for anyone i was talking to , feel free to text me :) 
got my new phone .. excited for my bday coming up ! yay ! :) 
should i keep trying when he's making no effort and showing no interest ? nope ! lol his loss . 
varsity guys : GREAT GAME ! :) you guys put up a fight ! refs made some lame calls , but oh well . still , you guys did well :D 
in an amazing mood ! :) 
going to make my brother lunch , be back later . text me :) 
says goodnight everyone ! :) hope everyone has a great night and fantastic day tomorrow ! haha im in the BEST mood ! :D 
and i wanna wake up with the rain .. falling on a tin roof .. while im safe there in your arms :) so come away with me ... 
is in an amazing mood :) just livin ' life ... who wants to join me ?? :D 
wowww ... i think its funny how people who have NO TALENT WHAT-SO-EVER think they're the greatest creation of our time ! sorry < PROPMALE > , but ANYONE can do that ... 
is very happy :) 
im cheesier than provalone :) haha 
lovely how i always scare every guy away ... so since im so used to this , i know from experience that they need space . which means , leave him alone . anything else i need to know ?? ha 
I am in a fantastic mood :) we should talk ! 
out of high school ... its surreal .. really . i dont think it has fully hit me yet . i was at that school for 9 years and i havent cried yet ? it DEFINITELY hasnt hit me , cause i know i'll miss everyone very much :( 
I can't believe i've graduated . ha 
Life has so many twists and turns ; and this one , i was not ready for . ha but i've learned that it only teaches me to be better prepared . Expect .. the Unexpected :) 
I'm in love :) ..... with country :P lol 
i am in a fantastic mood :) which means , its a good time to talk to me :) aha 
i cant help but wonder what i did to make him not want to be my father anymore but make him more than happy to be theirs ... 
i'm glad that i have everyone i need in my life . i am thankful for those who actually love me and are there for me . thank you :) 
so , speaking of people in my life that i love .... we're going paintballing next week ... who wants to go ??! :) let me know and we'll put it all together . 
right now , life is pretty sweet . let's hope it lasts :) 
\I like it in that small chair in the corner\ " :) " 
I feel the sun creepin ' up like tick . tock . I'm trying to keep you in my head but if . not . We'll just keep running from tomorrow with our lips . locked . Yeah ... You got me begging . begging . Baby , please don't go :) 
I think i am in need of some advice ... anyone care to try ? 
I may not like my job anymore ... but other than that , life is good :) finally . 
wow , everyone's ... changed . i kinda wish it was back to the way it was . but it can't be .. we just have to move on and deal with the present . 
i really don't like it when people don't stick to their word .. especially when they're supposed to be a really good friend . oh well , i guess . time to start helping with christmas decorations . yayyy . lol :) have a great sunday everyone ! 
it's really cold .. and i really don't like it . lol 
smile :) it'll do ya some good ? 
secondhand serenade is great :) so relaxing .. i love it . 
just thinkin ' .... what if things were different ? or what if things never changed ? like the skip and pause button .. i kinda wish i had a life remote right now . like the movie Click . 
thinkin ' ... a lot . 
thinking .. really , really thinking ... a lot . 
ughh .. im a complete mess ! 
\Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength .. while loving someone deeply gives you courage .. \ " :) " 
\Love comes when manipulation stops ; when you think more about the other person than about his or her reactions to you . When you dare to reveal yourself fully . When you dare to be vulnerable ... \ " <3 " 
