Doing the Wilbury Twist 

is < PROPMALE > Raccoon 
So , so you think you can tell Heaven from Hell , blue skies from pain . 
If you should go skating on the thin ice of modern life dragging behind you the silent reproachof a million tear-stained eyes . Don't be surprised when a crack in the ice appears under your feet . 
I am a loser at the top of my game . 
is starting to think that only a few elite people are Cyclone fans ! 
Thank You Northwestern for showing the world that Iowa is worthless ! 
It is now my duty to completely drain you 
Day after day , love turns grey like the skin of a dying man . Night after night , we pretend its all right , but I have grown older and you have grown colder and nothing is very much fun any more . 
Lets go Yellow Jackets ! 
I've always been mad , I know I've been mad , like the most of us ... very hard to explain why you're mad , even if you're not mad ... 
You can get anything you want , at < PROPFEMALE>'s Restaurant 
Is going to have a date with < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Give me a choice between pleasure and pain . I choose pain 
is putting holes in happiness 
is a spider from Mars 
Toys in the attic , I am crazy . 
See me , feel me , touch me , heal me ! 
You talk about your woman , I wish you could see mine . Every time she starts to lovin ' , she brings eyesight to the blind . 
I see a man without a problem . I see a country always starved . I hear the music of a heartbeat , I walk , and people turn and laugh . 
Loving life and becoming wise in simplicity . 
Coz ' every girl's crazy ' bout a sharp dressed man . 
I can't turn my back on you when you are walking away . 
I am he as you are he as you are me and we are all together . 
Don't break my heart and I won't break your heart-shaped glasses . 
I feel I'm being followed , my head is empty . Yet every word I say turns out a sentence . 
I can't explain myself because I'm not myself , you see ? 
Space may be the final frontier , but it’s made in a Hollywood basemen . 
But through the eternal night , the twinkling of starlight . So very far away , maybe it's only yesterday 
is going to see < PROPMALE > Waters The Wall tomorrow night ! Be jealous ! 
< PROPMALE > Waters The Wall live was the most epic thing I have ever seen ! Pretty sure I will never see a better show ever ! 
is tossing the kidney ! 
Sometime I think it's a shame when I get feelin ' better when I'm feeling no pain . 
There may be a great fire in our soul , yet no one ever comes to warm himself at it , and the passers-by see only a wisp of smoke . 
Reading is becoming my drug of choice with good music as the light . 
I don't think I'm easy to talk about . I've got a very irregular head . And I'm not anything that you think I am anyway . 
A dream you dream alone is only a dream . A dream you dream together is reality . 
Expose yourself to your deepest fear ; after that , fear has no power , and the fear of freedom shrinks and vanishes . You are free . 
I used to live in a room full of mirrors ; all I could see was me . I take my spirit and I crash my mirrors , now the whole world is here for me to see . 
Science has not yet taught us if madness is or is not the sublimity of the intelligence . 
When you're taught to love everyone , to love your enemies , then what value does that place on love ? 
Running to the edge of the world 
When I get to the bottom I go back to the top of the slide where I stop and turn and I go for a ride till I get to the bottom and I see you again 
Some kind of innocence is measured out in years . You don't know what it's like to listen to you fears . 
