Cant wait to go up to the Iron Range this weekend . 

USA beat Spain ... Woot Woot 
late night tv is just crazy . Watching a < PROPMALE > movie about a killer condom !! It has teeth !! 
I found out why God made women . To make fun of you when you wear plaid shorts and a striped shirt . Who knew ! 
Only 4 more days !! 
1 year sober today !!!!!! So blessed to have made it this far ! 
WTF no Favre !! YAY !!!!! Glad that he made that decision . Finally a good one . Don't have to see him disgrace the Purple ... enough have already !! I'm taking about you Smoot !! 
Ortiz ... really ?? Does make some since cause he sucked as a Twinkie . Only Jeter and Griffey Jr would surprise me now . Everyone else is fair game 
See the movie \The Orphan\ " . It will mess you up !!! " 
Cannot wait until I go back home to Montana and breathe the mountain air . I just dont know when i am going to go :( 
If Favre ruins the Vikings season I swear im going to pick a new team . 31 teams in a hat . If its ends up the Packers , then I'll be a damn Packers Fan . And all the damn frontrunners I have seen here walkin around with their < PROPMALE > Favre jerseys when 2 years ago his name was likened with GWB and the Devil 
Sleepy 
Tootiepalooza 2009 is in full effect !! 
damn TV just died . It lived a good life 
I have never been so proud of someone in my life like i am now 
Very productive day of watching Celebrity Rehab 
OMFG i am in super bakery heaven . It is nice to live with someone who works at General Mills . Nom nom nom 
Must find a JOB !!! 
I'm done . I said at the beginning of the year if Favre did what he did near the end of regulation , he Favre'd us ( is that a verb now ?? ) I would put 29 team names in a hat , minus Viks , plus < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > cause I f'n hate their fan bases , and pick a new one . I wonder what would happen if I pulled GB out :( 
All i have to say is that I AM THE MAN . Unemployed for a total of 1 week !! Start Monday 
Be nice to ghosts , they were people once too 
Seattle starting out 1-3 isnt good . 
There is this chick where i am who is like 6´10 right next to me . I'd do her just for the story 
God damn Taquito's 
Nice view of TCF Bank Staduim from where i am at !!!! 
Got to love sittin in a water tower 
We have a new member of the Adams Clan today . < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Adams ... now I have 2 sisters ... just don't know how to spoil a girl ..... 
Great ... Damn Arizona has taken us one step closer to a facist state ... Time to emmigrate to Europe 
likes sleep and knows for the rest of the month isnt going to get much 
Is getting his work on @ 0130 
Thanks everyone for wishing me a happy birthday . Being 28 is awesome ! 
I dropped a slider at White Castle ! 
is putting in mad hours at work .. This might be my only day off until the end of the month 
At first game at Target Field . Pretty damn nice I say .. 
Don't be a fool , wrap your tool 
Day off ... Woot woot 
Sleep , i need to know you again . I miss you 
I think working 80 hours this week will be enough loot to buy a new dishwasher ! 
Getting shot in the taint playing paintball hurts like hell 
OCD Project on VH1 is awesome ... 
Sad that the only time i have to check this face place thing is when i am in a train yard in north Minneapolis at 3:30 AM 
Always get a warm and fuzzy when i show up to a Public Housing Bldg in Minneapolis and the security guard at the entrance isnt strapped . 
Great , it's Tuesday and I have already busted out 33 hrs at work . I think i will be singing the \I get no sleep\ " song by the end of the week ... " 
I admit , I like to see the sun rise . Just not when i am getting home from work .... and have to be up in a few hours to start the endless cycle all over again .. :( 
< PROPMALE > 2 , < PROPFEMALE > 0 in B&E's ... 
I am starting to get the most awesone farmers tan ever ... \ 
\ 
Plus , stay classy Lake Street 
I really want to get some new ink . What to get , what to get .... 
R . I . P Manute Bol 
How the hell did New Zealand tie the Azzurri ?? OMFG ! 
I'll give 5-1 odds that < PROPFEMALE > and i will be on Marrage Ref within 3 years 
I was looking through a website for another telecom company and saw something that rings so true when it comes to safety . Stupid Hurts ! I have seen a lot of stupid ! 
Is it time to go home from work yet ?? 
i decided that working within 5 feet of a cell monopole in the middle of a crazy awesome lightnig storm might not be the best idea ... 
What I would give to lay in a tub of Calmine lotion . The bugs are eating me alive at night . I'm going have the West Nile by the end of the month 
All I know is that when i have had a rough day at work , I look at the pics that < PROPFIRST > has posted on here and it puts me in such a better mood !! 
If I get some time off ( haha ) this weekend I might go get some ink done . Yes < PROPFEMALE > , I still will in Fargo too ! 
Thunderstorm hitting a little close to home ! 
Must try and one up Scottie ... \ 
Back when < PROPFIRST > Walburg was < PROPFIRST > ie < PROPFIRST > ; This is how we used to make the party start ; We used to mix in with Bacardi dark ; And when it kicks in you can hardly talk ; and by the fifth gin you goin to probably crawl 
Got to love being told by the doctor that you need to rest this weekend and im going to pump you full of anit-biotics cause you might have some bug born bacterial infection ... like Lymes . Not a happy camper right now . Hopefully all the blood work and other things i gave them come back negative ... 
No Lymes , thank God , but waiting on test results on the other crap you can get from them and assorted Minnesota bugs ... 
Now i know what it feels like to be a < PROPFEMALE > 
Finally .. my team is getting our first weekend off since April . Crazy wierd . Wont have to work Sat or Sun for sure , maybe Monday due to the holiday . I wont know what to do .. 
Watching a Bollywood movie .. Awesome how they go between Hindi and English in the same sentence 
Damn the feed u at Buca .. 
Why is it that I suck so much I cannot do anything right 
I wish i could get me in a hot tub time machine and create Doogle ... When the hell was the 80's cool ... 
Come on Oranje .. I gots cash money on ya ... 
Hmph !! 
Thinks < PROPFEMALE > looks way to cheerful in her profile pic 
Thinks < PROPFEMALE > did not see his comment that she looks so cheerfull in her profile pic ... maybe I shouldn't post @ 2 am 
That was a pretty rough game .. congrats Spain 
< PROPFEMALE > just caught us getting pizza . We are in trouble now !!! 
Watchin the best movie ever !! 
Think I am going to grow my hair out again so I can be the sexy beast I once was again ... 
In super < PROPMALE > y < PROPMALE > land . Surprised the police havent pulled me over from just being from Montana . My did not grow up < PROPMALE > stink did not attract them ... 
Holy smokes it is rainin out !! 
The damn watertower I was working in got hit by lightning . Still shaking a bit . Never heard anything so loud in my life !! 
Another late night for me at work !! Might get done at 5am ..... might :( 
Serious need of Chipoltaway 
That fiance of mine is pushin it ! 
I'm as cold as the cold wind blows 
Got to love that 9 to 3 shift ! 
Dougie is a cranky Dougie . Is it bad that you start coming up Eminem style rhymes about how much you get worked like a dog ... probably not 
Sometimes it sucks to be smart 
Rockin it old school in my truck ! 
Just stole my idea for Holloween from < PROPMALE > Simmons . \ 
\Take your LeBron/Cavs jersey you don't need anymore 
Rockin at a jam session ! 
Mmm mm Benihana is good stuff 
One of my best friends from high school won a < PROPMALE > at Evel Kneivel Days in Butte !! 
My sister just got more work done on her new tat . I wish i had the TIME to get mine worked on for < PROPFEMALE>'s sake . No reason to keep on scaring her in the am ! 
Just had my first good experience with a cop doing my job . SP for the Air Force . Sayin im parked 5 feet from the fence to the airfield in MPLS .... He was cool once he found out i was workin . Better then the ones when i was a kid on < PROPFIRST > AFB . They could be pricks ... But then i was probably just some punk kid to them .. 
< PROPMALE > B&E's - 3 , < PROPFEMALE > - 0 !! 
Sober 2 years today !! 
Had an awesome time last night . Back is killing me from laughing so much . Totally worth it . Since i turned my mouth filter off last night , I got all the jacked up stuff out of my mind and should be good for a good week ! 
I need to come up with a cool alias . Any suggestions ? 
Fiance just left until Sunday !! What to do , what to do , what to do where I wont get caught ! 
Since Theirry < PROPFIRST > is playing in the US now , where should I go see him . Cant stand having Beckham be the best International player I have seen . I want to go somewhere i havent been . So New York , Chicago , KC , < PROPMALE > or Philly ? 
Neighbors are having a Hindi wedding next door outside . Decided that i should maybe finish mowing when they are done .. 
I dont get these Tea Party people . 
You know what sucks .. Having something come back on ya that you thought you worked out years ago . Then dont/cant do anything about it because it will screw something else up , and you are pretty much to scared to do it anyway .. Then it hits me like this . \Remeber this MF ... Why dont you chew on this for a bit \"." 
I finally let the angry part of me back out . Has pretty much been suppressed since I was 15 . Feels good for some reason , like I am more centered 
Damn its hot out . At least its not winter time . Would rather be in the sun then freeze when i am working 
NO MORE FAVRE !!! Whoo hoo . I no longer feel dirty being a Viks fan with that fool as our QB !! 
Lunch today with my CEO and COO . Lets see how this goes ! 
Busy day today . Get to go back to twtelecom to pull out our equipment . Will be interseting , but nice to see some old coworkers . Then off to Aderdeen , SD for < PROPFIRST>'s Wedding reception . To bad I cant make it to my cousin < PROPFIRST>'s wedding in WA . Still upset i couldnt make it , but at least i can see < PROPFIRST>ie's . Then off to somewhere in Minnesota to chill at a lake and probably kill myself tubin .. 
Is there such a thing as wild ferrets . I swear we just saw a family of giant ferrets run acrosst the highway 
In Aberdeen SD . 
Just saw 5 people push a car on the freeway around in a circle . Strange night .. 
I realize my name is < PROPMALE > Adams , just like the author . You dont think that has been brought up 100's of times before . Yes , i read a book of his , didnt get it , sorry ... Just get my check dude so i can leave cause you are pissing me off .. 
State taxes paid off from 2008 . Now just waiting for home buyer's credit to get back to pay off the IRS 
Well , i just found out I'm somewhat related to < PROPFEMALE > Palin ... time to take her off the list .. 
Mmm .. Famous < PROPMALE>'s .... nom nom nom 
< PROPFIRST > Favre = I don't care . Will probably get season tix again after he is said and done . But that could be 5 years from now . :'( 
Just saw the finest damn cop ever . I would let her arrest and cuff my ass ! 
What is the \R\ " word . I saw that people are \ " up in arms\ " that < PROPFEMALE > Aniston said the \ " R\ " word . < PROPFEMALE > and I cant figure it out .. Anyone out there know ?? " 
Lady in front of me in traffic is smokin a bowl 
What a beautiful day it is today .. going to be sunning myself up on a roof for 3+ hours 
Got to love taking in the scenery in downtown Minny when it is nice out ! 
Who would have thought that after living in Butte , my job would partially revolve around f'n copper 
Just saw The Last Exorcism .. Don't know if I will be sleeping tonight . On a side note , have questions about demons and devil worship ! 
Just got a new phone for work and didnt even know it was coming !!! Will save me big time bucks ! 
At Buca !... Nom nom nom 
If i wear my Sharper Vikings jersey , will i reverse jinx the Saints ?? 
2 missed FG's , hopefully it will work out well for the Viks 
Sometimes I wish I was still in the Army .. like today .. FFF 
Am i the only one who gets the urge to stab a f'n Taliban or Al'Qaeda SOB today ... 
Something funny going on at my neighbors , whom we suspect may be in the witness protection program . Seen a moving truck creep down our road and stop there .... not a normal occurance at 0430 .... 
Feels like I'm in Washington again ... soaked through my clothes to my skin .... 
Candygram for Mongo 
I should become a vampire as I am already a child of the night 
Isnt feeling well , threw up breakfast ( may be my fault .. ) , need to get my truck worked on , need another cortisone shot in my wrist .. etc , etc , etc .. Great Day !! 
Rockin to the new Linkin Park CD .. Not bad so far ! 
Got a scheme going . Involves \Old Rough and Ready \"!" 
This weekend if we go to < PROPFEMALE > , MN , I think i am going to check out Tuna's . And yes , by the name , it is a strip club . I just want to go for the story ! 
Did your parents have any children that lived ? 
Moss in a Viks jersey again is freakin wierd ... But i will probably have one next week . :) 
Tootiepalooza was off the hook ! 
Great , now my dog is too good for tapwater ... he got some of\ 
the fridge filtered water and tapwater is now beneath him 
Getting my sushi on ! 
Why am I so damn sexy ! 
Got a new money makin scheme . Rent my brother < PROPFIRST > out to prospective parents for a week and see if they can handle him ! 
Holy crap it is < PROPFEMALE > out ! 
Wind uprooted one of my trees last night ... which saves me time cause I was going to replace it in the spring anyways 
Do I even want to be a Viks fan anymore ? WTF are they thinking ! Say hello to the new LA \insert name here\ " Football team . Did Favre not like Moss ?? " 
May go pickett at Winter Park tomorrow for the waiving of Moss , Childress sucking a$$ and the playing of Father Time's old ass at QB ! 
Way to go Giants ! Bout damn time ! Came close when i lived down there ... Lincecum is a damn freak ! 
So close to having Childress gone !! Pull the trigger .... 
Poor little Scoot is sick :-( 
Happy Veterns Day !! 
I seem to be the only one who cannot find a picture of me in uniform . Damn moving people for losing THAT box !! 
Wonder Twin powers ... Activate ! 
Hey Mr. in the Benz .. Maybe why your ass is in the ditch is cause you gunned it merging onto the freeway in a snow storm .. Dumbass ... 
Got to love workin Friday night ! 
Hmm .. gentlemens club possibilities with the fiance tonight .... 
Saw Packers WR < PROPMALE > Jennings at the MOA . I could take him .. he ain't that big . His boys with him , whom we did not recognize would have ate mew for lunch .. 
Now its time to pull Favre ! 
Chilly is gone ! 
Everyone have a fun and safe Turkey day ! If you are in the TC , escape before the weather turns to crap later today ! 
Kids w/ Special Needs aren't sick , gross or stupid . \ 
Their handicap isn't contagious . They want what we all want , to be \ 
accepted & loved . Can I make a request ? Is anyone willing to post \ 
this as their status & leave it up for 1 hour ? Its Special Education\ 
week & this is in honor of ALL children who were made in a unique \ 
way . You'll NEVER understand a situation until you are faced w/ it . :) 
Love is on FIRE ! 
Happy Thanksgiving ! I can now say I am fully acclimated to winter .. I am frozen ! The damn wind is killin me ! 
Only my dog would hurt himself by gorging on sweet potatoes ... 
Ice has been my bane today . I fell and jacked my hand up .. and was in a little car accident ... What a day , what a day ... 
Grape Ape ! 
OMG .. OMG Is that .. it is .. It's T-Jacks music . OMG here he comes .. 
When the hell did a Real World reject become the WWE Champ o_O 
Little bit of snow today ! 
Now its time to blow up the Dome ! 
Will you all be willing to donate your status for just a few minutes to HONOR a fallen < PROPFEMALE > serving us and our country ... USMC Cpl . < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > died Dec 6 serving in Afghanistan leaving his wife and a newborn , son named in his honor , born 24 hours after news of his death . Repost to honor this Hero R.I.P < PROPFEMALE > !!! To his wife and son , a respectful acknowledgement of the sacrifice of their loved one ... 
Scoot wasnt the best boy today :( 
\Technology has failed the elderly \"" 
Excuse me ! 
< PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > was a hero for a culture that had no heroes 
Showed up 2+ hrs early where I am working tonight because the road to the cell site wasn't plowed this morning and it is uphill trip in waist deep snow . 
Chillin in Fargo , ND 
< PROPFEMALE > Xmas ! 
< PROPFIRST>'s butt hurts 
Way too hot outside to be workin outside ! Had toturn the AC on to cool down 
It takes 7 seconds for food to pass from mouth to stomach . A human hair can hold 3kg . The length of a penis is 3 times the length of the thumb . The femur is as hard as concrete . A woman's heart beats faster then a man's . Women blink 2x as much as men . We use 300 muscles just to keep our balance when we stand . The woman has read this entire text . The man is still looking at his thumb . Repost if this made you smile . 
< PROPFEMALE > just got shot up with Nerf guns ! 
Feeling pretty tough with my Bugs < PROPFEMALE > Band-Aid I got from the doctor 
The NFL needs to bust out some awesome uni's like the Ducks 
I think my dog has found some crack ... he has been going 100mph for far to long for him ... 
I just read somewhere that there is a 14 year old chess master who is just learning to read and that should give everyone hope . Then i remembered i got defeated by a chicken at Tic-Tac-Toe ... 
There's a site called Spokeo.com that's a new online USA phone book w/personal information : everything from pics you've posted on FB or web , your approx credit score , home value , income , age , etc . You can remove yourself by first searching for yourself on their site to find the URL of your < PROPFEMALE > , then going to the Privacy button on the ... bottom of their < PROPFEMALE > to remove yourself . ( Copy & re-post so people are aware ! ) 
Time to get some sleep !! Woot ! 
< PROPFIRST > Favre retired ??? Hahaha .... Until he is playing for the Raiders next year 
< PROPFIRST > Singletary coaching LB's for the Viks .. YES !! We need someone to kick ass !! 
I dont believe in all this 2012 stuff ... then I see the preview for the movie \Gnomeio and Juliet\ " .. and i realized we are done .. just done " 
Why does -20 not feel as bad as i remember ?? Am i sick in the head ?? 
You and I wake up in jail together . Using only 4 words , what would you say to me ? Note : If you comment , you must copy and paste this to your status , so I may comment on yours as well Be a good sport and play along . . . . and 4 words only please . . 
when i have a boy , I am going to name him Manmeet 
Things learned so far during the Super Bowl : Fergie cannot sing rock . I havent heard Sweet Child o Mine mauled more then when < PROPFEMALE > sings it 
I put on my Moss Viks jersey to jinx the Packers .. seems to be working 
For everyone in those states where it is freakishly unnaturally cold .. stay warm ! 
You would think with all the talk about childhood obesity , the Girl Scouts wouldnt be the biggest pushers of crap that is horrible for you .. 
Yum yum . Buca ! 
February in Minnesota and I have the AC on cause its pushin 60 degrees !?? Crazy !! Then its going to snow tomorrow :( 
Bout time ! Shorts and T-shirt weather ! 
Today - not t-shirt and shorts weather ! 
Who dressed you ... the Great Depression ? 
Well , Scoot had about the best day out of the 3 of us ! 
Learned something very important today . Fishtailing , truck being picked up by the wind ( yikes , that is what the witness said ) , forced into the ditch and then rolling my truck with < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > and Scootie in it . Luckily we have sustained just neck sprains and bumps and bruises . Scootie went through one hell of a ride . If someone comes up with a roller coaster rides like this I'm going to smack them . 
Just heard a song by < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > from Staind . It was a country song . It was remarkably good . Think i will by the EP when it comes out next week . 
Learned something important today ! 
God i want to go back to Montana for at least one day . 
Happy St. Paddy's day and a belated St Urho's day ! Wish I was back home with my peeps in Butte yesterday and today ! 
Large gas fire by Crosstown and Nicollet ! If you are in the cities steer clear ! 
Tshirt and shorts , in Fargo in March ? Hell yeah ! 
Everyone in Butte having fun have a carbomb for me ! 
Ahh ... Montana ! I have missed you ! 
Ahh the sweet smell of Cow .... I must be in Montana ! 
Great .. the BOYS room at my nieces < PROPMALE > high has a baby changing station , but the girls doesn't . 
Just passed Crazy Woman Mountains between Bozeman and Billings . Will miss the miountains 
Doesn't make sense , does it ? Homeless in the US go without eating . Elderly in the US go without needed medicines . Mentally ill in the US go without treatment . American troops go without proper equipment . American veterans go without benefits that were promised . Yet we donate billions to other countries before helping our own first . 1% will re-post and 99% won't . Have the guts to re-post this . I KNOW I'M IN THE 1% . 
Fat dog went for a walk today . He was pooped after a mile ... too much for his little legs ! 
Just saw a guy you could easily type 70-80 words a < PROPFEMALE > . No biggie right , I can do it . But he was 2 finger typing without making mistakes . I was flippin amaze 
I can finally see my grass !! YAY ! But i see damn mole tracks ... Boo ! 
After living in Minnesota for 5 years damn near to the day , i finally got off my butt and got a MN drivers license ... 
Damn .. clutch 3 to end the half 
