finds that using facebook as a distraction is not working . :( 

can't wait for tomorrow . Duper excited . 
loves his new tattoo ! 
let's be pirates and growl at the curtains . 
wishes there was more to do when one is broke . 
thinks there is something wrong with facebook chat , again ! 
wonders what to do with his time . 
is hurting right now . 
Is much better . Thanks for all the support . You know who you are . 
is screwed and doesn't know what to do right now . 
is sitting at home and has been happy with the little bit of productivity he has seen . 
At < PROPFEMALE > party melting !!!!! 
had a great time last night . So great a time in fact , my body is paying for it today . 
Come see me at gladius tonight , tomorrow and Saturday . Its gonna be a blast . Block party starts tonight . 
The storms are done . Time to be prideful . Come on out and see me . I'm at gladius ! 
Come see me at gladius . I'm servimg beer . 
Gladius no cover . Block party all night long and it has been packed all day . Its so much fun !!!! 
is just chilling at the rents wondering what to do . 
Sitting at home watching Clueless ...... again . God I love that movie ! 
Hanging out at < PROPFEMALE > mullens house tonight 
Its hard to stay on your life path when bad things keep happening to you . 
Just became an uncle again ! 
is sitting at home hoping his friend is coming over . 
is meeting up with < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , how exciting :) !!!! 
just walked down memory < PROPFIRST > , and screamed a bit . 
had a great time , but ended so lonely . However , had great conversations so can't really complain . 
is counting chickens again , I think ..... 
Off to the pow wow 
is exhausted . 
sits in wonderment and confusion . 
is doing laundry :( . 
is looking for something to do . Lesbians are invading . 
is wondering how to fill his day . 
is hoping that they will call soon . 
it's official , I got the job !!! 
loves a League of their Own . 
got everything moved into the room . Now to take every extra minute organizing it , and then to move in . Thanks again < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > . 
< PROPMALE > !!!! 
is watching < PROPFIRST > je Taime . Nothing like a good foreign film about love to end the night . 
has had a fun start to the day already . 
Here's to hating < PROPMALE > Reynolds and mustaches 
And < PROPFEMALE > just had a high five and fist moment 
Chanting default 
Wonders how a faucet handle ended up in a river 
found out that a train derailed today in Hager City . Sad day when that news starts out your day . 
my fb pictures is much like my life ...... disorganized . I LOVE IT . 
? This is LOVE MY SISTER WEEK ! If you have a sister who has made you laugh , wiped your tears , hugged you tight , watched you succeed , saw you fail , cheered you on and kept you strong , copy and paste this to your status . Sisters are a promise that we will have a friend forever ! I LOVE YOU < PROPFEMALE > W and < PROPFEMALE > Reuter !!!! 
Has to take a sharp intake of hale . 
Is making stuffed manicotti . Yummmm 
thinks that it is a < PROPMALE > improvement in someone's life when you hear them laugh in a way you haven't heard in maybe 10 years , after getting through all the addictions and stuff . 
Every\ 
person has 1000 wishes ; a cancer patient only has one : to get better . I\ 
know 97% of you won't post this as your status , but my friends will be\ 
the 3% that do , in honor of someone who died of , is fighting , or has\ 
survived cancer . 
says \Tonight is the night . Ready to party ? \"" 
Just won $230 at ti . Hellz yeah 
Hey everyone ! the place where i work - DR . KROLL'S HEALTH SOLUTIONS CHIROPRACTIC AND REHAB- is doing a TURKEY FUNDRAISER for the local food shelf ! For every new patient or referral that comes in we donate 1 turkey to the Red Wing Food Shelf . When we hit 25 we double the amount ! If you know anyone that can benefit from Chiro care send them our way . 
Thanks everyone for happy birthday wishes 
is stuck at home . I love the snow :) 
Ritualistic Monday drunkenness 
At the Saloon . Finally 
Happy Holidays everyone . 
Day 3 of detox and no smoking . Hell you ask ? Not really . 
Has connected to a huge part of myself I haven't seen for a while . 
Free hotel room and no one to come < PROPFEMALE > out 
Life is a grand adventure and one makes it so by surrounding themselves with certain people . Now is my < PROPMALE > to set in motion the life I deserve 
Thank god I have fb to keep me up to date on all things culture . Pretty soon we won't need tv's or any other device that feeds us public information . ;) 
Wondering if this is what life is really like or is it a dream . I know which one I would prefer it to be . Do you ? 
I have tattoos , so I'm a trouble maker . I have curves , so I'm fat . If I wear makeup , I'm fake . If I say what I think , I'm a bitch . If I cry some times , I'm a drama < PROPFEMALE > . If I have guy friends , I'm a slut . If I stand up for myself , I'm mouthy . Seems like you can't do anything nowadays without being labeled . So what , go ahead and label me , see if I give a crap . Re-post this if you're proud of who you are ! 
I like uhh ...... do ........ da cha cha 
Officially hate my job . Hope the shoe calls back . 
Stupid bigots at bic 
Illusive sleep . How I dislike you . 
I was candoodling 
Finished watching a western where two women just happened to only enjoy dancing together . Lesbian anyone ? 
I remember the day I sat on your face and wiggled . 
It amazes me that people really believed we were going to die yesterday . Think of where that info came from . 
I'm doing irresponsible things but at least i'm doing them responsibly 
What is it with life when everything seems so right they all turn out so wrong 
Looking forward to starting school again tomorrow . It will be interesting to see how well I get things accomplished and what kind of socializing will be happening . 
The shoe is a black hole of time 
Hates my job 
Red Wing became the 10th city in Minnesota to allow domestic partnership registration , both same-sex and straight couples . Take that proposed amendment . 
My letter is U .... \ 
Something I like ... Underwear\ 
Something I hate ... Urea showers\ 
Something I love ... Understanding\ 
Something I hate ... Uglesome\ 
Like this and I will give you a letter : 0 ) 
< PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Dyke .... oxymoron anyone ? 
Got my paper in just at the < PROPMALE > of time . Phew . 
Great night with < PROPFEMALE > Young 
In Minneapolis for Pride all weekend . So excited . 
Way to go New York !!! What a great way to start MN Pride by hearing that New York has passed gay marriage . How long will it take for MN to catch up with the times . 
The first foam party ever was not all that bad . Ended up being a great time . 
How to lose a friend in a day , and also the stuff that connects you to anyone in the U.S. today : tell them to get off your lap so they can go and cut your new computer screen to hell and steal your phone charger no matter what you have done for them in the past ever . 
when life gives you lemons .... throw them at other people . 
It's really sad when people you thought you knew turn out to be people they aren't anymore . 
A 15 year old girl holds hands with her 1 year old son . People call her a slut , no one knows she was raped at 13 . People call another Guy fat . No one knows he has a serious disease causing him to be overweight . People call an old man ugly . No one knew he had serious injury to his face while fighting for our Country in the war . Repost this if you are against bullying and stereotyping . 
With all the drama and miscommunication I am happy that everything was cleared up in the end . Happy bday bean 
So at the state fair and two people are on their laptops on facebook . Ethnicity ? Asians , way to live a stereotype . 
Pull up next to a toyota avalon with a really white guy and an african american guy listen to lil < PROPMALE > . What does < PROPFEMALE > do ? Cracks up angel by < PROPFEMALE > mcglachlen 
As the American family unit loses its morality , the Christians forget what Jesus really taught us . 
JRR . We're two peas in a far out pod . 
Normally I would never post twice in an evening . It takes away from my other wise words ;) However , this is way to funny to not repost . Thanks < PROPMALE > Traynor , cause this needs to be read by as many as possible . \ 
\ 
On her radio show , Dr < PROPFEMALE > Schlesinger said that , as an observant Orthodox Jew , homosexuality is an abomination according to Leviticus 18:22 , and cannot be condoned under any circumstance . The following response is an open letter to Dr. < PROPFEMALE > , which was posted on the Internet . It's funny , as well as informative : -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Dear ... Dr. < PROPFEMALE > : Thank you for doing so much to educate people regarding God's Law . I have learned a great deal from your show , and try to share that knowledge with as many people as I can . When someone tries to defend the homosexual lifestyle , for example , I simply remind them that Leviticus 18:22 clearly states it to be an abomination .... End of debate . I do need some advice from you , however , regarding some other elements of God's Laws and how to follow them . 1 . Leviticus 25:44 states that I may possess slaves , both male and female , provided they are purchased from neighboring nations . A friend of mine claims that this applies to Mexicans , but not Canadians . Can you clarify ? Why can't I own Canadians ? 2 . I would like to sell my daughter into slavery , as sanctioned in Exodus 21:7 . In this day and age , what do you think would be a fair price for her ? 3 . I know that I am allowed no contact with a woman while she is in her period of Menstrual uncleanliness - Lev15 : 19-24 . The problem is how do I tell ? I have tried asking , but most women take offense . 4 . When I burn a bull on the altar as a sacrifice , I know it creates a pleasing odor for the Lord - Lev . 1:9 . The problem is my neighbors . They claim the odor is not pleasing to them . Should I smite them ? 5 . I have a neighbor who insists on working on the Sabbath . Exodus 35:2 clearly states he should be put to death . Am I morally obligated to kill him myself , or should I ask the police to do it ? 6 . A friend of mine feels that even though eating shellfish is an abomination , Lev . 11:10 , it is a lesser abomination than homosexuality . I don't agree . Can you settle this ? Are there ' degrees ' of abomination ? 7 . Lev . 21:20 states that I may not approach the altar of God if I have a defect in my sight . I have to admit that I wear reading glasses . Does my vision have to be 20/20 , or is there some wiggle-room here ? 8 . Most of my male friends get their hair trimmed , including the hair around their temples , even though this is expressly forbidden by Lev . 19:27 . How should they die ? 9 . I know from Lev . 11:6 -8 that touching the skin of a dead pig makes me unclean , but may I still play football if I wear gloves ? 10 . My uncle has a farm . He violates Lev . 19:19 by planting two different crops in the same field , as does his wife by wearing garments made of two different kinds of thread ( cotton/polyester blend ) . He also tends to curse and blaspheme a lot . Is it really necessary that we go to all the trouble of getting the whole town together to stone them ? Lev . 24:10 -16 . Couldn't we just burn them to death at a private family affair , like we do with people who sleep with their in-laws ? ( Lev . 20:14 ) I know you have studied these things extensively and thus enjoy considerable expertise in such matters , so I'm confident you can help . Thank you again for reminding us that God's word is eternal and unchanging . Your adoring fan , < PROPFIRST > M Kauffman , E d.D. Professor Emeritus , Dept . Of Curriculum , Instruction , and Special Education University of < PROPFEMALE > ( It would be a damn shame if we couldn't own a Canadian ) 
If a person from Africa were to immigrate to < PROPFEMALE > and had children that happened to be white , would they too be called African < PROPFEMALE > ns ? 
Had a great night with < PROPFEMALE > Dahl on her birthday . 
Reading people FB posts and some of them make me sick . Some of you Christian people are absolutely ridiculous . Someone dies and you say you could care less . Where is your compassion ? Is a life lost , no matter who , a life lost and deserve at least sympathy ? Next time you tell me a family member of yours dies , what would you do if all I said to you was , \I don't care . I never knew them . How does this affect me ? \"" 
Who ever thought to keep our freedom we would have to give some away . 
I think that for all us town folk that can't make it to an Occupy Wall Street event , we should do one here at Central Park . Who is down and what day works for everyone ? 
I am so exhausted , but the weekend made it worth it . Bed soon I do think . 
I have decided to not participate in the 25 days of Thanksgiving , and have decided that I will be thankful for 365 days . Thank you everyone for understanding . 
