Happy New Year ! 

thinks we should make weekends last three days and weeks only last four days 
Why in the name of all that is good and green on this beautiful earth isn't it friday today ? 
Wow . Its a Monday and essentially a Friday all in one . That is so wierd I cannot even begin to describe . 
Option B for Chem is HELL !!!!!!!!!!!! 
This Chem packet is rediculous . He never actually taught this to us , the book really sucks and most of the answers aren't even in the book . He didn't even give us an answer key . I hate this . 
That Chem packet was rediculous . I hated every moment of it . Thank god its over . I think I might go cry myself to sleep after that . 
Why the hell did we get a snow day ? 
Okay . Now I can see why we got the snow day . I'd rather not get stuck in school . Thanks D20 admin for your foresight . 
likes how the snow all melted once school got over . 
Time to study for the ACT . I think I'll start with the back of my eyelids then go on to more eyelids . Why do we have to take it ?? 
Is also going to miss all the seniors who are going away . 
Dear Colorado government . Thank you ever so much for paying for my ACT but come on !!!!!!!!! Couldn't you have found something meaningful to spend your money on ???? How about decent text books or a pay raise for the teachers ? 
Really hates life at times 
I really hate it when my internet crashes 
OMG !!!! Its friday . That just made my day 
My wifi really hates me . There's something to be said for just plugging your computer into a wall . 
Is anyone else as bored as I am ? 
Wow . That math exam was really easy . 
Life is playing a joke on me at my expense . The funniest part ? Its not even funny ! 
IM2 or prom ? definitely IM2 
300 more words on my TOK essay . The end is in sight . :) 
Just finished my TOK essay . Thank God . 
Really , really , really , wishes that it was summer RIGHT NOW !!!!!!! 
YES !!!! TOK paper is officially done !!!!!!!! Now to study physics so I don't die tomorrow . 
Really hated the physics options 
Yeah . Sky Sox was canceled so I got to go home early 
Ha . Colorado was like ' oh look its < PROPFEMALE>' and we were like ' its about time ' and then Colorado was like ' nope just kidding now its raining . ' 
Where'd the sun go ? It was out this morning , why not now ? 
Wow . Its really nice outside . I haven't been outside in months . I should go outside . Wait I have to do my TOK oral :( 
Tonight : study for a spanish quiz . Easy . tomorrow : Grad band practice , History IA , World Lit I , spanish homework and likely another spanish quiz to study for . May the universe have mercy on my soul . 
They want us at grad band at 4:15 right ? 
Dear IB Gods , If my computer just types up my World Lit One just out of nowhere , then I will be very happy and will get to sleep . I will take it as proof of your dominance of the universe and worship you for the rest of my life . I will start a church and make sacrafices of exemplary english papers and physics labs if only my WLI would finish itself . Please oh great IB , please . \ 
\ 
Your humble servant , Tate 
I really wish the lightning would stike my house . If it did , my computer would be fried so I would not have to work on my history IA or world lit one . Then I would be able to go to sleep . 
Likes how there are a bunch of < PROPMALE > kids on . How are your WLI's coming ? 
Dear District 20 , to be honest I never really liked you . You've always done all the horrible things to our class . But having school this late is absolutely rediculous . I'm tired , stressed , and losing my sanity . Haven't you tortured us enough ? I mean seriously , what you're doing is just inhumane . But I would be willing to forgive that if school just ended tomorow , so please , just let it end . 
I just had my last class with GC ! Salvation at last !!! 
I'm feeling it in my bones , this could definitely turn into an all nighter . 
Two days left !!!!!! Only two more days . And not even full days !!!!! 
Just went running for the first time in a few months ( Thank you IB for that I hope you go die in a hole ) and it reminded me exactly how long its been . Ouch . 
I seem to have made it a habit to go running in the hottest part of the day . 
The < PROPMALE > of flyin glies in the ability to throw yourself at the ground and miss 
God's final message to his creation : We are sorry for the inconvenience 
Oh . That's right . IB scores are out ...... I want to check them , but I don't want to know ...... 
Ok . Fine you win . Wifi gods : I am sincerely sorry for whatever I may have done to you in out past lives and if you could please just accept my apology and stop messing with me and my friends that would be excellent . 
IIIIIII'MMMMMMMMM DDDDDDDOOOOOOOONNNNNNNNNEEEEEEEEE !!!!!!!!!!!! I'M DONE I'M DONE I'M DONE . I JUST FINISHED MY FIRST EE DRAFT :D :D :D :D 
I wonder what would happen if I went all of band camp without showering ........ 
Yes !!!!! My sock tan line is officially as bad or worse than my dad's sock tan line !!!! 
With each day of band camp i am less tired and less sore afterward ........ I don't understand it 
If pain is weakness leaving the body then what's getting stronger when sunburns start hurting ? 
I just realized how bad people are at driving here . 
I'm begining to think that the roofers are trying to bring our house down . They seem to be dropping multiple heavy objects on our roof and the house shakes every time that they do . 
My trigger finger is still sore from last night 
Done with Fountainhead and first draft of extended essay . That means tomorrow gets to be my first carefree day of summer . 
Hey in twelve hours we'll all be in school . joyousness 
Why couldn't you have stabbed me in the heart with a dagger ? It would have hurt less . 
Never ending pasta bowl is the best idea anybody ever had . 
I hate my life . I found the list of possible Fountainhead essay topics that I so desperately wanted for inspiration , after I was finished writing my thesis and making it look pretty 
The check in desk had just got fundamentally fed up with being where it was 
I have no clue what to do with myself today without marching band 
I love spicy foods . But I draw the line when its so spicy that your taste buds are burned away and you can no longer taste the food . 
Gotta love procrastination 
My dog is becoming part of our sofa 
You know , I actually really like my extended essay . 
Yes I get my car back tomorrow !!!! 
I would like another kiva juice 
I'm considering growing my beard out 
I hate my life . And my family isn't helping 
Why do I hate gold days so much ? I mean I have Physics , my favorite class , and history which has Mr. E who is a beast . It makes no sense but I still hate them 
Soooooo I got accepted into mines . Things have been going well for me lately . 
Ok why do we NEVER have any good snacks ? 
I'm done with my second draft for ee ! 
It just kinda hit me now that this is my last year in high school and I have so many friends that I'm really going to miss next year 
Ah what an amazing night , of course that was too be expected 
Ok so I really don't want to write this commentary . I feel like procrastinating a bit more ...... 
The lack of anything good to eat in my house is astounding . 
So I have a sweet lucrative job now that's as good if not better than my old sweet lucrative job :) 
I'm going to start a band called Green Wetsuit device 
I hate snow . Why can't it just die . 
So today sucked and it only managed to get worse . 
I love Colorado 
lack of sleep is making me quite lightheaded right now . 
My sister is such a spoiled brat . 
Hooly Crap Towers of Midnight has been out for almost a month !!! And I haven't bought it and read it !!!! How did this happen ????????? 
So I just turned the alarm on my phone on . That was about the most painful thing ever . 
Can school be over yet ? 
Coffee number 2 of many tonight 
My calculator is MIA 
There is something seriously wrong in my life\ 
I have no coffee in front of me . This must be fixed immediately . 
Type your name : Tate Krejci\ 
With your elbow : tate krfejcji\ 
With your nose : tate krejci\ 
With your eyes closed : Tate Krejci\ 
Now post it as your status and don't erase your mistakes !!! 
Only 15 and 1/2 hours and we'll be on break 
You know you're bored when you play yourself at axis and allies .... 
Goodmorning world on the last day of 2010 
If you want to make a pie from scratch you need to create a universe first . 
So I thought the most painful moment of my life was when I had to turn my alarm back on after thanksgiving break ........ at least until I turned it on today 
Time to start counting the days until spring break 
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! FACEBOOK HAS FORCED THE NEW PROFILE ON ME AND THERE WAS A VERY GOOD REASON THAT I DIDN'T SWITCH ON MY OWN !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 1 
Lair you're killing me . Honestly I'm going to forget all of this poetry stuff as soon as the test is over tomorrow , not because I'm dissing poetry , but because the differense between an ottava < PROPFEMALE > and a spenserian stanza have no bearing on my life whatsoever and I find it impossible to make myself care even in the slightest . 
If the population of the Earth continued to increase at its present rate indefinitely , by 3530 A.D. the total mass of human flesh and blood would equal the mass of the Earth . By 6826 A.D. it would equal the mass of the known universe . 
I've sucessfully analyzed the hell out of this poem and I actually enjoyed it 
Oh that's great . What's the first thing I do after I get my teeth cleaned today ??? I drank a soda ..... :/ 
Its so cold outside that there is ice inside my house on some of the outer walls 
I can't work if I'm not under pressure . I'm trying to be a good kid and get WLII done before tuesday night but I can't conjure any motivation whatsoever since its not due until wednessday 
So far today I've applied for about seven Scholarships 
I think i'm going to pursue welding as a career . There are two pages full of scholarships for people who want to weld when they're older . Its rediculous . 
you're like the square root of 2 : irrational 
Its a decisive decision 
So the road to mines must be bad luck . When I went to mines in the summer our windshield on our half a year subaru crack . Today on the road to mines the windshield cracked again . Bad bad Juju 
oh joy I have a band rehersal to look foreward to 
I just got three crackers in one of those zesta packages that's only supposed to have two . Epic win 
Wait ............... what happened to spring break ??? 
I'm confused as to why graduation announcements require both inner and outer envelopes . 
So appearantly my seven pound dog decided to < PROPMALE > a garbage truck today .... 
ok so what happened to spring break ????? 
What has been done to this meat in this healthy choice thing so that it no longer needs refrigeration O.o 
this will be the third full week of the entire school year 
done with lair's socratic . woo . now for the other paper we have to write for her . 
