Hope < PROPFIRST > is okay . :( 

Cant wait for tommorow cause its gotta be better then today . :) 
My camera broke . :( 
Can't wait for warmer weather . 
I got a new camera to replace the old one my momma broke ! :) 
Can't wait for senior night tomorrow ! 
Still finding dirt clods all in my bathroom from soccer's mud fight . :) 
Getting a bit overwhelmed by love pain and the whole crazy thing ....... like < PROPFIRST > Urban's cd . lol 
Life is like Seseame Street . You can be living in a dumpster and wind up singing . 
Somewhere between the darkness and the light . Somewhere between who I was and who you're making me . Somewhere in the middle is where you'll find me . ~ Casting Crowns 
Between a rock and a hard place . So why not walk beside the both ? One will eventually give up or die . 
Thankful for lots of things ! 
Just wanna sit down for thirty minutes then everything would be perfect . 
His arms were stretched out as far as they'd go Nailed to the cross for the whole world to know I love you this much and I'm waiting on you To make up your mind , do you love me too ? How ever long it takes I'm never giving up No matter what I love you this much . ~ < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
Just want to thank the good Lord that this week is over and Im alive . 
Watching Australia !!!! Best movie ever . 
Christmas < PROPFEMALE > !! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas . :) 
It's a New Year but honestly how many things will change . 
Only 13 more minutes till a ultimate wish . 1/1/11 1:11 
Not much longer till graduation ...... 
Found a piece of bone or something in my meatball . :( 
Taking guitar lessons starting Friday . :) 
I love snow ...... Makes it feel warmer . Pretty too . 
Wish my knee would quit shaking . Caffiene and sugar does wierd stuff to me now . 
Got accepted to < PROPMALE > College and Maryville . :) 
I love how warm it is . 
It's snowing ! Writing more essays and listening to itunes . Hope get some money for them . 
Turns out I'm a DAR so maybe if I sign up for it then I'll get a scholarship ...... hm . 
HOSA Bowl ...... I just realized that I can't pronounce half of these words . 
The HOSA competions was great . We prayed before and could guess and recall the stuff good . Funeral wasn't so fun . Hate that smell . Then I turned 18 . Now I can vote , buy a lottery ticket , and buy cold medicine . 
Only 5 months then all this crazy stuff will be over then I'll have more . 
Life doesn't cease to be funny when people die any more than it ceases to be serious when people laugh . 
I like the prom song . It's happy . :) 
Wants to watch the Beauty and the Beast instead of writing a paper on < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . 
Today is a great day . 
Stop running from these feeling that never die . Time to face it and deal with it . Even if it doesn't want to be dealt with . 
So admitting you're scared of something is the first step to getting over it . Ok let's get this over with ...... I'm afraid of < PROPFEMALE > spiders , heights , making bad grades , having a wreck and hurting people , dating in general , wasps , hornets , gernades with the pin off , and cochroaches . Least I'm good with snakes . :) 
I wasn't driving my car I was backing out ........ lol wow . People on Judge < PROPFEMALE > . 
So this weekend was perfect . :) 
I love strawberries ! 
So I just got done cooking a huge pizzia that couldn't fit in my fridge and three double chocolate cheese cakes , but I aint hungry . 
Maybe one day everything will be calm . 
Too many emotions to figure out , but for some odd reason Saving Private < PROPFIRST > gets rid of the confusion . 
Great day ... :) 
Wonder after these two days how many people I'll never see again . 
Hey Joey/C'mon tell me bout your dreams/Tell me all the sights you're gonna see/Tell me who you're gonna be/Hey Joey/You're gonna kiss the girls goodnight/Sometimes you gotta stand and fight/ It'll be alright/ We're gonna find a better life . 
I got a huge hola hoop ! But I lost my elephant . 
Can't wait to be able to start new . 
Least I got a tan . :) 
I love running . :) 
The < PROPFEMALE > is so beautiful . Makes you realize what's really important and what isn't . Glad God made it . 
My ipod was in my hoodie , and now it's been washed . :( 
Nothing like going to a place that you played at when you were little and falling asleep . :) 
Spiders love to drop down from ceilings on my head a lot . I don't like it . 
I love air conditioning when it works . :) 
Can't get away from the past . So many things happened that it would never be the same or even worth it . Maybe that makes you want it even more . So wierd how running away from things make them crash into you harder . 
So this is what summer is suppsed to be like . :) 
I love this crazy , tragic , sometimes almost magic , awful , beautiful life .... :) 
We made 27 quarts of grape juice today . Can't wait for it to get good ! :) 
Last day of work was nice . Belly full of cake , card , and ballons . It was sweet . :) 
Since dad is getting rid of all our horses and < PROPFIRST > I talked him into letting me get a little riding horse . I got one named < PROPFEMALE > . So < PROPFEMALE > cleared a 4 foot and half corral and tore down an elctric fence . Now < PROPFEMALE>'s gone ..... 
So worried bout < PROPFEMALE > . I know she's just a dog , but I really love her . Hope she gets better . 
Can't wait for the rain . :) 
Found Alf the other day . I'm so excited to watch it ! 
I'm at college . I miss my mommie ! :( 
Staring at the trees outside my window . Little bitty fruit that looks like cherries , but they're hard ? I like them ! 
Classes , kicking a soccer ball a bit , watching Beauty and the Beast , did some yoga , finally understand Plato thanks to < PROPFIRST > , and staring at my chemistry homework . Pretty good day . :) 
Went swing dancing ... now the skin that was covering my blister is gone . It don't feel pretty . :( 
I want a pillow pet so bad right now , but twenty dollars is a bit crazy . 
Hm ...... I think college is about proving evertything you believed in before was a lie . Like a tomatoe being a vegetable . Not only is it a fruit , but it's a < PROPFIRST > . ... So wierd . ... 
Too much apple crisp and ice cream . :) 
Loves being home , but love being at college . Guess that's good so either way I'm happy ! :) 
Ladybugs are attacking my room . 
Never had a blister on the tip of my ring finger before . Keep poking it . 
Please get unsick soon . 
Has become addicted to facebook again . :( 
Hm ..... the meaning of life ? ... I don't like this paper . It's hard . 
Feels much better . Praying helps so much . 
So happy < PROPFEMALE > decieded to start . She never acted like that before . 
Can't figure out Chemistry so decieded to fool with facebook . 
Can't think about gun control at this hour . 
Yea ! Operation cupcake is complete ! 
Psalm 40 . ... Thank you for your love . :) 
So I got this phone call today from Childhood Protective Services . I apparently have a court date over my child next week . lol This has been an interesting week . 
Don't want to feel sick anymore . :( 
Found out that I like shooting guns ... a lot . 
Hm ...... After everything that has happened all I can think of is how awesome monkeys are and how llamas can rule the world . I don't have my paper finished , and I wanna dance . Then I rememeber I can't because of the law and that I just can't . 
God calm me . 
I'm home . :) 
Warning : Falling alseep while watching the Wizard of Oz will cause trippy dreams . 
Tale as old as time , song as old as rhyme , Beaty and the Beast .... 
If a tree falls in the < PROPMALE > , you'll get three stories . Yours , mine , and the tree's . 
Knows snow stops you from doing a bunch of stuff , but I really am enjoying a few do nothing days . :) 
Is starting to have feelings for Link . Must be the green hat and the sword . And he listens and never interupts . He's a good man . 
Got up super early since couldn't sleep , and the mean clouds said no pretty sunset for you . Least what little is peeping out is making the pond look beatuiful . :) 
I love you snow ! 
Hasn't been on facebook in forever ! Ok ... now bedtime ! 
Wishes sleep was as talkative and loving as real people . Then I would do it more probably . :) 
Dear Mind , \ 
Would you kindly be quiet because I'm annoyed very much with you right now . 
Going to get a big fish tank so my fishys won't kill each other . 
Wants to go swimming really bad , but it's too cold and dark . Wish I was < PROPFEMALE > enough to go swimming in a bathtub . 
I wanna run in the field of cows and look at the beautiful stars on a broken down hay wagon . But I'll just go to sleep and dream about it . 
Just found out about google books . I love real books for the feel of them better , but this is amazing ! 
Wish I could find my Lit . book . 
So happy to be home especially with puppies being born everywhere ! 
Chemistry . We meet again , but I will get you and your little moles too . 
Can't wait to go home , but then again thinks staying here and making some money before I leave is a good idea . 
I'm home ! Puppies , kitties , and homecooked food . A great day ! 
