... Welcome to 2010 ! HAPPY NEW YEAR 

Monday off ?!? This hasnt happened for a while .. what will I do with myself ?? oooh the options .. 
What a day of hiking , great views of the gorge , and BBQ everything !! such a satisfying day ! yesss 
I'm going ( going ) ... back ( back ) ... to LEAVENWORTH ! gotta love little bavaria .. 
oooooooooooooohhhhh weeeee ... R6 - I am all yours , and you , you hot thing , you're all MINE !!! This is all I've been waiting for :) 
What a beautiful day to ride ... somewhere , where to go ? so many fabulous roads .. so little time .. 
Hard work at the house today .. now it's time to reward myself ... Time to show some love for the R6 !!! :) 
Hanging out at my soon-to-be house .. checkin on < PROPFIRST > ! What should we do today ? Just me and the kids .. 
is goin on a ride ... this weather wont get me down ! 
.. what ? Backstage at Snoop ? ... AAALLLLright , sweet 
Movin camp to NE Portland .. time to get packing .. 
..... STILL moving ..... ooooh how I love moving !! 
excited for the weekend home , gonna be poolside on my birthday .. fabulous 
Breakfast from Mom is unmatched ... but now a motorcycle joyride ... which leads to poolside snacking of frozen grapes ... what a great agenda 
Thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes :) 
has too much stuff ... operation downsizing 
has officially been skydiving ! What a thrill it was to freefall and watch the plane get further and further away ... 120mph never felt < PROPFEMALE > good ! 
is online in the living room using the flatscreen as the monitor .. Nice work on the new setup < PROPFIRST > ! ...... time for pilates 
Life is short . Break some rules , forgive quickly , kiss slowly , love truly , laugh hard , and never stop smiling ; even if when it feels weird . Remember , life is about taking risks . 
Personal trainer ... first time ever ... feel the burn , I think I like 
Second visit to the personal trainer today ... legs still seem just as sore , pretty sure I'll be a complete noodle after today's session ... bring it on 
thankful ... 
Leavenworth .. here I come ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to ALL !! 
Got a date with Mom today .. Movie and pedicures ! :) 
Hello there one one one one 
is back in Portland after surviving a fierce blizzard in Central Washington on the drive back ... the snow was a nice break from the rain , I must say .. 
Chocolate 
Spending some much-needed time cleaning up the house .. now I feel a little better 
First shot at a homemade pizza using a pizza stone .. wish me luck 
Project-Rearrange-Room underway ... lookin good 
SNOWBOARDING ! 
Oooh superbowl .. how you entertain once again . Even though I'm not a huge football follower , GO SAINTS ! 
<3 
Back in the ol ' stompin grounds ... it's < PROPFEMALE > beautiful here , especially with this wonderful < PROPFEMALE > weather !! Gotta love L-town 
boxes ... boxes ... more boxes !! eek I need to consolidate . Moving is so FUN ! FUN FUN FUN !! I can barely contain myself .. 
is so excited to go to Arizona to see < PROPFIRST > ! The change of weather will be fantastic , cravin ' a vacay 
I NEED a motorcycle ... it just feels < PROPFEMALE > necessary for my well being haha 
ARIZONA ... Thursday will be the day , I'll be soakin up the sun ! WHOOT 
Great day ... slept in , got some stuff done , had a massage , SUSHI with my love < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , got my hott leather motogear ( I'm gonna look like a fierce ninja haha ) , and cut my roommate's hair ! ... now time to relax ? I think so .. 
I'm going ... going ... back , back ... to AZ , AZ ... WHOOT ! 
Hangin out with my niece watching baby signs ... i now know how to sign eat , water , milk and ball ! Anelise is so much fun .... AND SHE REMEMBERS ME ! I'm her favorite aunt , but it's a secret .. shhh 
got french-tipped mani ... flowers and gems on my toesies ... my sister and I are feeling quite fancy ! Now I get to < PROPFEMALE > out with my Aunt < PROPFEMALE > ! yay !! 
Had another awesome day with my sister ! < PROPMALE > out w Aunt < PROPFEMALE > and watched The < PROPFEMALE > and The Frog , LOVED IT . Now it's about time for dinner since it's about 10pm ... Chunky Veggie Redsauce Turkey Pasta deliciousness 
Family BBQ time !! 
Chocolate cake for breakfast !!!!!! ... well hey , I'm still on vacation for another day ! :) 
On our way towards the airport .. Meeting < PROPMALE > for a bite and to say goodbye ! I had such a fabulous weekend , I dont think I'll have any luck bringing the sunshine and warm weather back to Portland :( I'll just have to come back sooner ! :) 
missed my flight out of AZ ... shoooot . Now I have to spend the night at the Sacramento airport and depart in the early AM , good thing I brought entertainment !! eek 
in Sacramento Airport ... hungry and bored haha 
..... anyone know of someone in Sacramento ?!?!? I'm in need to get outta the airport somewhat fierce . 
getting ready to board my plane ... FINALLY 
Just dropped some cash at Local 35 on Hawthorne ... I DESERVE IT ! Got some new DENIM and some dresses .. of course dresses haha . A girl could never have enough .. 
Happy Easter ! I'm goin shoppin ! WHOOT 
Just got my skype on with the Fam for easter .. complete with hollow bunnies filled with milk !! 
doin some hair extensions on my favorite batch .. love u sjp ! 
is REALLY missing that AZ weather ... and my family down there , miss you ! 
You know you went shopping when ... they turn your debit card off for suspicious activity . That's what I'm talkin about .. 
Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate ; it is that we are powerful beyond measure . It is our Light , not our Darkness , that most frightens us . We ask , who am I to be brilliant , gorgeous , talented , fabulous ? Actually , who are you NOT to be ? Your playing small does not serve the world . It is in everyone . As we are liberated from our own fear , our presence automatically liberates others . 
Sunshine on my shoulders makes me happy ... Sunshine in my eyes can make me cry ... Sunshine on the water looks so lovely ... Sunshine almost always makes me high ! ( Theme song of the day ) 
Today .. is gonna be ... a GREAT day .. Started off fantastic , and it will follow up to be fantastic as well ;) 
is sad ... and cellphone-less :( NOT cool ... especially today 
my roommate's music mix is making me smile ... \son of a preacher man\ " changes to snoop dogg ... fantastic " 
Soy contento y muy feliz ! 
taking < PROPFIRST > to visit his alltime BFF < PROPFIRST > .. can you say PLAYDATE ! 
says YAY !!!!! I'm back to having a phone :) Thanks to Oniel Ortiz 
would like to start collecting < PROPFIRST > again .. just in case my old phone is gonzo . Text me and I'll save you , thanks ! 
really blazers ? you were sooo close ! still had fun at < PROPFIRST>'s sportsbar w friends 
< PROPFEMALE > Miller is beating me with a pretty stick , i was in NEEEEED of a trim !! Let's keep that length a-growin ' 
Got to ride a Suzuki Hayabusa last night !!! 1300cc of pure hottness ... WOWZA , I really need to get a bike !! 
Red Dress Party tonight .. hopefully I don't have to bar-back to get in ... 
had a few things to get at < PROPFIRST > meyer .. took the busa ! you know ;) 
bbq and patron .. great way to spend this fine afternoon ! 
goin to the gym ... cant sleep 
patron took me over last night .. 
I FOUND MY PHONE !!!!!!!! someone turned it into sprint !!!! YAY ! best afternoon EVER ! 
going to watch the BLAZERS at On Deck ... GET SOME ! Let's win this one , OKIE !?!?! 
massage after work .. excited to see my girl ! then possibly 80's night at the < PROPFEMALE > , wha wha ! 
I think I will drive 5 hours today .. just to visit my parents ( haircuts too , of course ) ... then come back to Portland TOMORROW and drive another 5 hours ...... she's gone crazy , so they say ..... but i have my co-pilot < PROPFIRST > to keep me company and hear me sing , all the way ! ............ It's on , love you mom and dad ! see you soon ! 
i just saw a ground hog ! i think ... almost to < PROPFEMALE>'s place ! yay ! 
I'm home ! sweet home !! 
riding in the snatch .. aka wenatchee haha call me if u wanna get together y'all! i still dont have all my < PROPFIRST > yet .. 
Getting coffee at Starbucks with my < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > and Grandpa :) 
going to lunch with my dad at the burger joint in town ... my first official job was there when I was 15 haha 
I'm goin to < PROPFEMALE > !!!!! I hope ... maybe August ?? I'm workin on it .. 
< PROPFEMALE > or twist ... I'll take a twist ! belvedere por favor ! 
< PROPFEMALE > many opportunities are arising in my life .. I feel blessed ! It's the SECRET ! and it's WORKING ! muahaha 
WOWzers 
I've got a feeling .. ( ooooh ooooh ) that tonight's gonna be a good night !! 
Rode the Busa this evening , < PROPFEMALE > much fun ! I might be in love ... now it's time for some shut-eye :) 
Cinco de Mayo !!!! And babyface Anelise's first birthday !!! YAY ! 
today ... is a good day ... I'm just sayin ' 
had a great time trying to look like < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > last night ... and trying to look like a model too hahaha , great fun !! 
Meeting Oniel Ortiz for lunch ! 
“I'm on the other side of things , you know ... and I can't be laughing when you look at me cause your operating out of jealousy .. GRAVITY is a parallel on words .. I'll listen but I wont let it in my way . Up above I'm looking at the heavy grounds , I can feel it but it wont let it drag me down . Over time you can kill me , but I'll resurrect , so ... Woahh You're bringing me down ... Pick it up ! PICK IT UP ! ” Nico Vega 
..... KISS ..... keep it simple , stupid 
< PROPFEMALE > excited to see < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , and KRISTEENA for the bonfire birthday bash !!! Love you ladies ! :) See you Saturday night ! it's on ... 
Thunder and Lightening storm ... ooh how I love ! This is a good one too , hope for no fires :/ 
I decided to inherit my sister's guitar from my parent's house ... anyone wanna teach me some skillz ??? Now , I'm Portland bound .. and a stop in Yakima to visit KP , excited to see you girlie !!! 
Back to Portland at last !!! Imma be sleepin good tonight ! :) 
just made some amazing quinoa ... with brussel sprouts , red peppers , broccoli , cauliflower , carrots , and edamame .. and if couldn't get any better , seasoned with < PROPMALE > , lemon pepper , garlic , and < PROPFEMALE > oil . My lunches for this week will not only kick ass , but be healthy at the same time !! boohyaaaahh 
Is going to the Waffle Window on Hawthorne to get breakfast ... Their yelp < PROPFEMALE > has got my mouth watering ... and stomach growling ... FOOD ! 
TODAY is a new day ... THANK goodness ! I cant go through another day like yesterday , glad that's over ! Too much in one day for this girl .. 
had my first session with < PROPFIRST > at 24hour ... oooh wee ... let's just say that my blowdryer is going to feel about 50lbs tomorrow at work !! Noodle-ification status , fosho ! 
I look like I just went somewhere tropical ... now if only i DID , that would be so much better ! GTL .. gettin to the G n L tonight lol 
hair extension day from down under ... and we're NOT talking about Australia ! 
is goin to play some volleyball ! yessss 
WEDDING HAIR !!! 
... and yet another ass-kickin by < PROPFIRST > .. and today I found my long-lost biceps , lovin it ! 
thankyou God ... i sure needed this sunshine today ! praying helps ! 
off to Seattle for the weekend ... ROADTRIP !!!! whoop 
Hittin up the soaking pool at Kennedy School McMenamins solo .. sounds good to me !!! 
I feel like ... buying a motorcycle ... I'm a-lookin !! 
I believe my abs are getting tighter , arms are becoming defined , and my legs are still shaking ... It's gonna be a \vixen\ " kind of summer !! Will it just get hot already !?!? " 
Thank goodness for the good people in my life ! I love you , and you know who you are :) 
They say that when one door closes , another door opens for better opportunities ... and I think I've found my \other door \"" 
on my way west .. Oregon Coast ... HERE I COME ! whoop 
What a beautiful day ! Got my ass kicked by a tire and < PROPFIRST > , now gonna do some hair extensions for < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > .. shoooot 
is a happy girl !! 
I just got the most beautiful flowers delivered to work .. Im < PROPFEMALE > thankful ~ happy ~ surprised ! 
excited for tonight .. Brazil Grill ! 
... new beginnings , I'm looking forward to it ! 
this Duci 996 is REALLY doin it for me ! grrr 
Just got my business phone number ... I finally have an iPhone ! WHOOP 
My new business number is 503-919-8602 ... Yes , I'm still going to be doing hair ! My career and passion is starting a new chapter , and I'll keep you all updated ! 
Leavenworth bound !!!!! Whoop 
Going to the P.O. Ooooooh how you entertain me , downtown Leavenworth ... here we go again !! 
Can't sleeeeeeeeeppppppp meh 
What a wonderful life <3 
Washington bound ... Again ! Yay for < PROPFEMALE > n < PROPFIRST > !!! <3 
Coffee with Dad and Grandpa this morning .. Now lunch at the Wok About Grill with Mom ! Family is the best <3 
busy busy busy ... go go go ... maybe one day I'll slow down ... RIGHT ... 
Goin to PIR with the Duci and the Whale ... Ala < PROPFIRST > 
I found a new home !! I'll be setting up shop this week in SE Portland on the waterfront by OMSI ! < PROPFEMALE > excited to start working again ... WHOOT ! I'll keep you all updated :) 
< PROPFIRST > is gettin ' beautified today !! YAY !!! 
... dear IKEA ... why did you give me two left sides to my rollie cart ?!? ( please take a number ) ... 
There's alot to be done with this \start my own business\ " thing ... one day at a time ... " 
Day with the pickles .. Out in the country of Mt . Hood 
Thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes ! :) 
Flight problems from PSP to LAX .. Does this mean I should just stay ?!? 
Studded tires are on the car .. getting ready for the quickly approaching trip to the snowy mountain valley , Home Sweet Home ! 
There's just something about being in my old room .. even though it's nothing like it used to be ... love being home again <3 
Time to make < PROPFIRST > pretty .. Hopefully it goes by faster this time ! 
in the snowy winter wonderland of Leavenworth with < PROPFIRST > Fennerl visiting family for the holidays :) 
Meadows for the weekend ... Skiing into 2011 ... Happy New Year !! 
I wish I was somewhere with the ability to ride motorcycles year round ... NOT a big fan of cars lately , meh 
< PROPFIRST > got his hair did , whatta hotdog 
Sun's out .. ( for the moment ) ... the Duci is calling my name .. Time to get layered up and take the first ride of the year with < PROPFIRST > Fennerll !! And it's February , I can't wait , dont judge me 
$56.23 to fill up my gas tank .. Eek , \ 
at least I got my hair did today .. Yesss :) 
Cupping is my new best friend .. I'm mellow jello 
It's time to invest in some REAL motorcycle boots .. My cowboy boots dont quite cut it in this weather lol \ 
Duci Duci ... here I come !! 
another day .. another ride ... please don't rain on me Portlandia .. 
It's a small world , after all ... 
Nutella on Ricecakes = Love\ 
\ 
Thank goodness Costco sells the jumbo size ... 
Excited for the drive up to WA to visit my DAD ! aka . < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > ... < PROPFEMALE > ready for some father-daughter bonding time .. maybe some motorcycle waxing , who knows :) 
Driving up to Leavenworth ! 
Welcome to this world < PROPFEMALE > Brielle Conover !!! I can't wait to meet you next week ! :) 
I love you right now Arizona ... PERFECT >> Sunshine = happy < PROPFIRST > 
The weather sucks here ... 
I'm moving to Europe for a year .. 
I would just love it if Anelise wanted to fall back asleep with me right now ... eeehhh \LouLou es sleepy ?? \ " she says " 
Failure is an inside job . So is success . If you want to achieve you have to win the war in your thinking first . 
