I haven't logged on in months . 

Well , my insomnia is back ... 
People are so damn weird ... 
Moving plan is back on schedule !!!!!! 
I'm so ready for winter break 
is kinda bored . 
is watching SNL on Hulu 
I love the snow ! :) 
There are too many people in my house . I'm ready to move out right now . 
is cooking pasta . 
Aww . All the snow melted outside my house . :( 
I can't stay in my house for all of break . I've got to find something to do ... 
Does anyone know if any good movies are playing ? 
is sitting in the couch with Kaya . Listening to music . We're bored as hell . 
Why is everything closed at night ? 
Insomnia can be fun :) 
So let's kick , and push , and coast ... 
There are no sweets left in my house . It all got thrown out . I want some f-ing oreos . 
Air Force !! 
is watching < PROPFEMALE > . Has anyone else never really gotten the ' < PROPFIRST > Banderas is sexy ' thing ? 
My mom is badass . :) 
Sooo ... I'm bored . 
is doing absolutely nothing . Except writing this status . 
So , I woke up at 9:30 this morning . I come downstairs and < PROPMALE > is like ' wait , < PROPFEMALE > ! We have to show her!' And they throw on these tasseled hats and start dancing . They had skateboarded to Kohl's earlier and bought matching hats . That is what life is like at my house . Gotta love it ! 
is hanging with the sibs . 
< PROPMALE>'s Inferno looks like the coolest game ever . I need to play it . 
is going bowling with the sibs and friend . 
is fucking pissed at ignorant people . 
is feeling better today . 
I-N-S-O-M-N-I-A 
is wide awake . 
is actually online . Hello peoples . 
Hello , Seattle 
Why does it have to snow again ? 
Watching Winter Olympics . I wish I was in Vancouver right now . 
is nocturnal . 
This guy on a radio show sounded just like Stewie ! It was great ! :) 
I can't even find the words ... so ... yeah ... 
watching Law Abiding Citizen . 
It annoys me how shy I am sometimes . 
Argh . Frustrating people ... 
If a man who cannot count finds a four-leaf clover , is he lucky ? ~ Stanislaw J . Lec 
I'm sick . Spent the day watching cartoons . 
I'm probably not going to school tomorrow . 
I got rid of some mental clutter today during my alone time . So it was good aside from the whole sick thing . Back at school tomorrow . 
There should really be an age limit on liking Hello < PROPFEMALE > ... 
I'm learning how to skateboard today with the help of < PROPMALE > . I am going to hurt myself ... 
I had a salami , ricotta cheese , mandarin orange , pineapple pizza . Weird combo , but good . 
I wanna go somewhere . I wish I still had a car . 
Why do these girls want to piss me off ? 
Woo , this could get ugly . I don't like drama , but someone decided to take it too far . 
is calming down now . The internet is dangerous . 
Thank you for your love song Mr. Radio Thank you for your lullaby It makes love look so easy 
14 weeks until the big move and almost everything in my house is on craigslist . Seattle !!! 
I wanna go where the mountains are high enough to < PROPFEMALE > my song . I wanna go where the rivers run deep enough to drown my shame . I wanna go where the stars shine bright enough to show me the way . And I wanna go where the wind calls my name . 
On punishment for one fucking week . Why ? For going down my DRIVEWAY at after 10pm for like 30 seconds . If someone understands this logic , please fill me in . Also , my mom is now suspicious of all of us . Its going to be a boring ass weekend . 
is writing . 
So much to pack ... 
in a really good mood . 
:) 
I'm so happy to be on break . 
I just finished packing my first box . Seattle here I come ! :) 
Why does everything have to be so freaking yellow outside ? I hope the rain washes all the pollen away . 
I <3 Music 
I should do something . I don't know what though . I'm having a vary hard time being decisive lately ... I wish my car hadn't died . :'( 
My brother bought me a Nox Arcana CD ! :) 
is watching Stepbrothers with Kaya Hortas-Brooks . 
has lost 22.8 pounds since January . :) Yayz !!! 
\YOU GOT YOUR STUPID WHORE GERMS IN MY DRINK ! \ " -Kaya " 
Gaspertonia !!! 
... how did so much useless crap end up in my room ? Packing is no fun . 
I'm wondering if I should get a formspring . 
I <3 Lolcats 
I got to catch up on my sleep . I love early release days . 
About to hit the mall ! 
I want to change my name . 
Some people ... 
Sooooo sick 
Had a yard sale today , the car was sold last night , and there is only about a month and a half left until Seattle . 
\Are you not entertained !? \ " I still love that movie . " 
54 days 
Going to see Wicked in a few hours . :) 
Wicked was AWESOME !!!!! 
\Delicious strawberry flavored death ! \ " - Fringe " 
Friday !!!!!! 
Feeling ... nature-y . New Boondocks then heading to the park . 
is wondering about random things . 
In the beginning , the universe was created . This has made many people angry and is widely considered a bad move . 
Ugh . So now that we've sold the car , the suburban decides it suddenly wants to break down . Just wonderful . :( 
Pancake Party !!! :D 
Well , I guess people never fail to piss me off . Always the same thing too . I'm tired of the south . 
Just got back from festival thing in downtown . I don't know what it was for but it was fun . 
Why does it rain , rain , rain down on Utopia ? Why does it have to kill the ideal of who we are ? 
\I know you and you know me . One thing I can tell you is you got to be free \"" 
is still sleepy ... 
Why do so many people have trouble being honest with themselves just to conform to society's ideals ? Human nature is human nature after all , why spend so much energy denying it and becoming hypocritical ? 
Life is complicated . 
So ready to be out of here . 
is chillin ' at the house . :) 
“I believe in the brotherhood of man , all men , but I don't believe in brotherhood with anybody who doesn't want brotherhood with me . I believe in treating people right , but I'm not going to waste my time trying to treat somebody right who doesn't know how to return the treatment . ” 
“We have no right to ask when a sorrow comes , ' Why did this happen to me ? ' unless we ask the same question for every joy that comes our way . ” 
This is why I will NEVER play matchmaker . 
I finally finished my last project of the year !!! 
My stepdad is irritating me ... 
Hmm ..... status .... hmm .... 
I might not go to sleep tonight . 
When any fit of gloominess , or perversion of mind , lays hold upon you , make it a rule not to publish it by complaints . - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
If i trust in you , please don't run and hide . 
Oh , look ! Infomercials are on now . It's late . 
Aww ! My brother is graduating tomorrow ! :) 
Moving date changed to July 10th ... 
Its Summer !!!!!!! :) 
My summer is ruined already . Wtf . 
There's so much left of it , what am I going to do with all this hot Kool Aid ? 
Estoy triste y entusiasmado . 
Has it really only been 5 days ? It feels like forever ... 
What is happening around here ? I'm so confused . 
Hello Facebook ! 
Boondocks time !! 
La < PROPFEMALE > sin la pasión es muerte . 
Wow ... its good to not be a petty person . Life goes on . I've still got a smile on my face . :) 
I should be there right now , but I'm not . :'( 
This keeps getting better and better ... wfrhs , I'm not moving now . That's life I guess . 
Guten Morgen ! 
I feel chilled out and I've been thinking about where my life's going . 
I want to sleep ... 
I can't believe I'm going back to wfrhs this year . 
I have my room to myself !!!! :D 
Hmm ... 
I'm really , really bored ... 
Now that I'm legally an adult , I gotta say : It's aight . Thanks for all the birthday wishes you guys !! :) 
I need to get out of this house ... 
Oh , hello facebook . It's been a while . How are you ? 
I am very bad at doing projects on time . Oh well , back to procrastinating . 
Really random , but I want to turn 21 in Ireland ... 
Spring break needs to HURRY UP ! 
