< PROPFIRST>'s in class ... :( 

is confused by facebook ads . They want me to find a gay date , gay room mate , local gay romance , and hot man . They also want me to get SWAT training and build muscle , while playing lots of computer games , buying cheap apple products , removing almost all my hair , drinking vodka , watching dumb short films , and getting a koosh tech job . What are you up to , facebook ? 
is ... break can not come fast enough . Anyone remember the days when break actually meant something , instead of 300 tests to grade and 600 or so grades in total to enter ? What we call break pales in comparision . I miss kindergarten ... just sayin ' 
is hating partial credit exams ... and blackboard ... 
is almost done with his work ... let drunksgiving begin ! 
is through one family thanksgiving ... now the boozies ' turn begins . One of these days I secretly hope our after dinner activity is a game of beer pong . 
is done with thanksgiving . I cooked 2 turkeys with fixins . I feel like < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , but less gay , and less manly ... oh and of course less crazy . 
The heat in the house is broken . Wow , 2010 ... you're going to screw me already ? Not even 4 full days ? Really ?? I'd say use lube but that'd probably freeze at this point . 
Today is a 12 hour day . It's 12 hours of broken crap , zero natural light , a basement with a cell that doesn't work , and pandora is not effectively channeling my anger . It's also hot as hell . I have gone through 80 ounces of tea and am still parched . Corporate < PROPFEMALE > owes me a stiff drink , but since that's not going to happen ... anyone in STL want to throw back shots on a Monday ? 
My entire floor now smells strongly of baby wipes . One , who arms a cleaning crew with baby wipes or the scent of baby wipes ? Two ... WTF ??? 
While I have no viable threat to levy against Singapore or its people , should anything I support break there again , there may be an international incident . 
Fake sickness annoys me . Man up . Also , if must at minimum miss 2/5 days per week you should be fired . I don't care who you are ... except if I have to pick up your slack . Then I care and I'm seriously pissed . 
Anyone not leaving ( or driving into ) Columbia , MO for the memorial day weekend ? ' Cause I might be coming in . Hit me up if you'll be in the city . 
needs sickness to clear up by cocktail party ... or perhaps just needs enough booze at cocktail party to irradicate sickness ... gosh , adult life is hard . 
It gets better ... and it took damn well long enough ... hahaha . 
I'm pretty sure I just found out the song I want to play at my wedding to my for now theoretical husband . Is that bad ? At one point down this line of thinking do I cease to be a guy ? 
Has anyone seen my shoes ??? Seriously , I need my black rockports back . They were unbelievably comfortable and breaking in shoes in this weather is not a recipe for a < PROPFEMALE > xmas . At that point it becomes whiskey xmas ... 
Will be in columbia tomorrow . Hit me up if you're also there . Excited for cookies and friends ... I-70 , less so . 
Coffee does not magically appear . If you are too busy to ever make the coffee you are also too busy to ever drink it . Just a thought . 
Just answered the door to a fully suited fireman , with rig and all . And just when I thought life was boring ... 
Dear Anyone-who-had-even-the-slightest-connection-to-the-film-\Black Swan\ " : You are of less value to this planet than that \ " art installation\ " in Mexico consisting only of starving dogs . That is all . " 
Excited that the Packers were able to win the superbowl and beat down a rapist simultaneously . Congrats , Packers and Cheeseheads everywhere . 
Dear Cobra Starship : Your \Hot Mess\ " album cover font makes your band appear to be \ " Labia Starship\ " ... I hope that was not an accident . " 
is pissed that fb chat and fb messages do not work at work , because now I can't turn anything off . So , really , I just look like an a-hole , and even though I pretty much am anyway , I should be in control of how and when I reveal that about myself . 
9 hours after it began , an SAP job is 25% through the 100ish requests I gave it . Thank God for VPNs ... this crap's gonna run all weekend . 
finally has working internet service again . Oh , internet , how I've missed you ... 
Dear Tennessee and the good people within , \ 
\ 
I have only one question : You've seen Nashville , right ? K . Just checkin ' . You have fun with that explanation after your new < PROPMALE > . 
Dear < PROPFIRST > Quint , \ 
I'm getting updates about you but cannot remove these updates or message/remove you due to a pending friend request I don't even remember doing ( it was apparently a long time ago ) . Please deny my request so that I don't get useless updates about you . \ 
K . Thanks . 
NEW My Drunk Kitchen , Ep . 7 , \Tacos\ " God bless Harto . Though I am concerned about the feelings I'm developing for a lesbian ... haha " 
So ... the complex is closing , and I've never been ... two things :\ 
1 . Is it worth going once just to have had the experience ? \ 
2 . If I go , anyone wanna come with ? When ? 
Sooo ... who's going out tonight ? My 1st pride so I could use a guide ... or several . 
So ... facebook chat is not a giant box on the right side ... thats nice . 2 questions :\ 
1 . How do I turn it off ? \ 
2 . Any way to pick what friends are listed in said box or order them ? 
Facebook messages blocked at work is annoying . That is all . 
You know , I know we're trying to take it back , but I still really don't like being called a faggot , especially when it's clear it wasn't in the spirit of reclamation . 
