last night = fucking funnest time EVER . 

really wants some you-know-what ... 
might have another crazy night for the fourth night in a row ... maybe not , I don't know ... haha , that rhymed ^^ 
is not going to have a crazy night ... fuck that , i'm not getting busted ... 
is sobering up , I suppose . Almost didn't , but the past three days have wreaked havoc on my esophagus and liver . 
hopes everyone is ready for school on Monday ... I'm definitely not . 
does not think this looks pretty ... maybe it was just a false alarm , because that's what it seems like ... 
actually made plans to socialize on Sunday ? CRAZY . 
isn't quite as social as she was yesterday ... she's more contemplative today ... damn quote browsing and their effects ... 
is going camping with < PROPFEMALE > for the night , and then I've got another driving test =/ 
would like an IM for once ... usually she hates talking to people on here .. 
- adeadenemyalwayssmellsgood =D 
needs something to do . 
needs to find her copy of Saints Row 2 before she murders someone in reality GAHHH ! 
found her copy of Saints Row 2 bishes ! 
is pissed off . Immensely pissed off . 
is alooooone . rawr . 
likes trhat pop noise whenever she gets an IM on facebook ... heh . 
feels like randomly reciting one of her stanzas , but she ain't gonnaaaaa ! 
UGH MY EYE HURTS FUCKK ! 
is at Hampton beach for the weekend ... maybe traveling to Maine Saturday ... No internet for like a week at home ... or phone service . Going to a show tonight too =D 
is at Hampton beach for the weekend ... R.I.P. < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , now that you're gone I am really sad </3 
just wants to crawl into a dirt hole and die . 
Wait that reminds me .... I CROWD SURFED FOR THE FIRST TIME AND IT WAS AWESOME THE FIRST 2 TIMES BUT THE LAST 2 TIMES I GOT DROPPED TO THE GROUND BAHA ! 
still smells like alcohol & bandages after a night out she won't soon forget in a twisted concert bar/She made mistakes , stayed out too late and fears hotels and cars . Lalala I can't sleep in this hotel room alone , no no no . Yeah . 
has a stomachache , and hates facebook even more than she did two days ago ... eh . 
REALLY , REALLY hates facebook , and is basically having a panic attack now ... 
needs to find more insomniacs like herself to talk to . =/ 
GOOD MORNIN ' JESUS ! 
is extremely lightheaded and disoriented .... Thanks Robitussin , I haven't been high off of you since November . 
is making a video ... bored as hell . * sigh * Someone care to bring some excitement into my life ( On second thought , nevermind ) 
needs to get this blue shit out of her hair because she is about ready to shave her head !! 
needs help with a tattoo-related thing ... Tree on my back or no tree ? How much would it cost ? OR , should I get a song lyric ? 
is happy she doesn't have twtter , sad because right now she needs a friend ... =/ 
is okay now because < PROPFEMALE>'s hanging with meee ! But yeah she temporarily took over my facebook and I got it back for the moment ! Yai . =] P.S. Her ex walks like the hunchback of Notre Dame . Lmao . 
wonders why her mother keeps poking her . 
wants to watch ' The Jacksons : An American Dream ' but it's basically done ! Ugh !! P.S. Yeah , I've been mucho bored today , so IM and cheer me up ? Anything except yahoo because it's being weird on Pidgin . 
;; my anaconda don't want none unless you got buns , hun ! <3 
just heard a really random noise outside .... wtf ? 
should def . do something with her hair ... but what ? < PROPFEMALE > red , blonde , or maybe pink ? 
just realized today was the official fourth ... what a dumbass . I thought it was tomorrow . 
is sad because now there is not a yard sale , and she can't get her eyebrows waxed , andddd she's going to be alone all day =[ just like every other day . 
needs to talk to someoneee . But also should be asking not to . blahblahblah . ilnt&vv&sm 
just slaughtered the shit out of an ant with a DVD case and is now going to take a shower ... eep ! If < PROPFEMALE > was here , I'd let her mock about my very weird fears , even weirder than the phobia of wingless bugs or hotel rooms . 
is in a better mood , but it certainly will not last . =/ Anyone wanna help chica out ? 
is the supreme scrooge of romance & PDA - So go get fucked by a cactus , not by your lover ! 
is so sick of all this bullshit adjkhfhjethklk . Rawr but for some reason , I'm not angry . I'm kind of calm , actually , because I burned a lot of those notes , which = lots of closure =] 
is bored and ate too many smores , anyone want to have a random conversation ? IM me and be like \SILENCE ! I KILL YOU ! \"" 
hey sexy , how YOU dooiin ?! 
is wondering if she downloads yahoo , who will talk to her ? It's not working on Pidgin for some dumb reason . 
' s mother got her a RIP MJ SHIRT !!!!!!!!!!!! YEAH !!!!!! 
WANTS TO SEE FUNNY PEOPLE OMFG A MOVIE WITH < PROPFIRST > SANDLER AND < PROPMALE > ROGEN IS BOUND TO BE PERFECT !!! 
Someone please IM me , I need advice like ASAP . Anyone ...? 
is in tears ... I think this whole \MJ is dead\ " thing finally kicked in ... " 
;; Fuck you < PROPFEMALE > ! I'm killing you tonight , in my dreams ! < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > is taking back control ! 
wants to kill Lady Gaga . 
spent the afternoon with her 2 besties Tiaunna & < PROPFEMALE > YAYS ! 
is literally bored out of her mind ... I just went and danced in front of my glass door and licked it . 
needs a smaller corset . 
just brought laziness to a whole new level . 
has already had a great day and it's only 1am ... bahahaha . <3 I love it . 
WHAT THE FUCK ? < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > wants to get MJ's KIDS into show biz ? Un-fucking-believable . 
thinks the news today is awesome , aside from that Sotomayor thing ... that's really boring . 
totally forgot why she logged-Oh , nevermind ... 
loves cookie crisp . 
is dead . right now . just dead . RAWR ! Egos , who needs ' em ? 
wants to scream . Or watch Spiderman 3 ... 
does not have orange hair ... it's cheesy blonde ! 
< PROPFEMALE>'s Snuggie blanket theory : \JESUS CHRIST GOT RAPED BY A BLANKET AND THAT IS HOW THEY WERE BORN !!! \"" 
is really getting pissed off at the fact that facebook chat keeps fucking up . If anyone tries to send me an IM , you're better off messaging me . 
wants a $5 footlooooong . xD 
is getting extremely fucking infuriated because facebook messenger is the most retarded thing ever . Everytime someone tries to IM me it fucking disconnects , and now < PROPFEMALE>'s offline , or so this thing tells me ... : @ !!! 
is mindlessly rambling in the form of a blog . Anyone want to have a mindlessly rambling conversation ? Hit me up =D 
thinks she's ready to learn a new song on keyboard ... Jack's Mannequin , or something else ? 
had a pretty rad idea . Talk to me if you're interested ... it's a good idea , I know it . 
wants MOAR SLEEP !! 
remember that girl earlier this week that fell into a manhole reading a text ? Well ... TEXT MESSAGING - YOU'RE DOING IT WRONG ! If only there was a picture ... 
has the < PROPFEMALE > to go to a wedding chapel and burn it down , with a flame thrower . =] 
haha , synthesizer ! Yes , I am home , so feel free to bother me via IM xD 
SUGARR HHIIIIIGHHHH !!!!! !!!!!! !!!!! !!!!!! gf sirj6bhidyund6fiu OMFGZ I LOVE IT . 
wrote a new song . 
will be on for a long time . 
needs a piece of paper ... 
ate YOUR FACE ! 
needs help deciding what to do with her room ... we are cleaning the shit out of it pretty soon before our appraisal ... I just need to know how to continue decorating ... Help ? IM me , don't comment . 
is apparently full of good ideas tonight ... If only some of them applied to my life . =/ 
is distressing the shit out of her pants with a screwdriver . 
is infuriated beyond words . 
is getting an orange kitten whether her mom likes it or not ... and this time I'M KEEPING IT . 
has just about fucking snapped . 
still wants the orange < PROPFEMALE > . I'm going to DIE tomorrow . ! 
is sad because there's no one online to talk to :( except myself . 
awww my sexies are both offline =( wahh . 
found a way online , muahahahah ! Yay for being a geek with an excellent memory xD Anyways , phone is shut off , and so is internet . 
has a tummy ache , among many other complaints . Heh , at least I got online . 
realized her posts look depressing , when she is really in a good mood , like , do-the-moonwalk-across-the-new-linoleum-in-the-kitchen good xD 
doesn't know , anymore . 
adores Fight Club . 
is so pissed off , this is bullshit ! 
HAS HER PHONE & INTERNET BACK !! 
loves Blades Of < PROPFEMALE > . 
by the way , i know the sentence of my last post made no sense , haha . 
is off to field days with a hoodie that says \I'llstopstabbingwhenyoustopscreaming . \"" 
needs something , she just doesn't know what . 
wants the new Eminem album as of a minute ago . 
talk to meeeee . hoe . 
is going to Field Days again , only this time with < PROPFEMALE > . 
is still watching < PROPFEMALE > play the Sims 3 ... 
wants to talk to someone , but is too afraid to strike up a conversation on Facebook Messenger ... 
is still wide awake ... surprise , surprise . That movie is making me pull an all-nighter ... because these dreams are killing me . 
needs people to text . But at this time of the night , most people have enough sanity to sleep , haha , oh well . I could find people in Europe xD . 
loves Nintendocore . 
gots new hair straighteners & sun-in , yay ! 
SUCCESS ! <3 
feels like a freakin ' wiz kid ! YAY I KNOW HOW TO GET MOVIES ON MY IPOD NOW ! 
is watching the greatest movie ever . <3 
loves ! 
wants a hug ! 
is selfish , but isn't really sorry . 
today was a good day , despite the things they say . 
is going to quietly cause chaos in the comfort of her own mind ... just the way she likes it . 
still has chaos running rampant in her mind ... but it's cheerful rebellion instead of the mindless Armageddon I had originally thought . 
isss goinnggg DRIVIN ' . Want her stop by your house ? Hahaha . 
just re-designed her LJ . Yay ! 
is feeding the drug dealer's cat . 
feels pretty , oh so pretty xD 
wants money for gas teehee . LET ME DRIVE TO YOUR HOUSEEEE . 
is homeee ... how interesting . 
has stuff to do tomorrowwww . 
feels triumphant . & is going swimming with < PROPFEMALE > later ! 
is going for a walk ... 
had a really weird dream . Orientation tonight ... I don't know what to expect . I forgot where the gym was , haha , but I know it's on the second floor of one of the buildings . Eh , I'll figure it out . 
is in shock . No , she does not want to talk about it . 
had a fun time at the orientation thingy ... no clue why . Hit me up , I'm not sleeping any time soon . 
feels guilty and immensely disappointed . 
still has school supplies to gettt . 
thinks she has an electrolyte imbalance for waking up this early for no reason . Uhh ... phones STILL aren't shut off ? 
is back . Talk to me , I'd love it . 
is getting irritated . 
The average day at my house : < PROPFEMALE > comes over , and makes scrumptious food ... after being pulled over after < PROPFIRST > walking , flipping a random person off , and rough housing at a supermarket , only to have the police people tell us we are the wrong people they're looking for . Hahahaha ! <3 
really wants someone to IM her ... she hasn't had much human interaction in the past 3 days ... especially today =/ 
Good morning , ayy baybay ! 
hates how people keep asking her the same question that doesn't give her much wiggle room to answer honestly . 
ugh multiple things are bothering me . 
is going out for a walk , and then maybe finishing my stupid essay ... TEXT ME !!! Probably going to try pulling an all nighter . 
is drinking a Dunkin Donuts latte and finished her stupid essay ... but still has other homework due for Tuesday . Rawr . 
can't drive until Wednesday . Someone talk to me . 
has so much homework ... ugh . 
likes blueberry muffins . A lot . 
is going to stop , mosh & roll ! 
this fire is building up inside of me , but i don't know where it is . My head , my heart , my back ? It's this stinging sensation ... 
needs to talk to someone .. not to vent , but for a distraction . Tomorrow afternoon might be a bit weird , too =/ 
is too tired to control this . 
needs a hug . A real one , not just a \*hug *\" comment on facebook ... " 
is hanging out with Tiaunna ... and is tired . 
I was once a tree house , I lived in a cake , but I never saw the way the orange slayed the rake ... 
never realized how much fun it was shooting soda cans with BB guns . 
;; Attention writers : Contact me if you want to collaborate , I need help with an open-ended story project I want to do . 
thinks The Crow is still the awesomest movie EVAR . 
loves those Tila < PROPFEMALE > fan losers on Twitter . Idiots . In other news , I need someone to chill with in St. Albans tomorrow after school . 
had an amazing day at school . <3 
R.I.P. Papa , we miss you <3 
is now happy she didn't take digital imaging ... and wants a hug . 
needs to talk to someoneeeee . 
is getting sick . :( 
10 bucks says you don't have it in you To conquer fear and quit believing what they tell you to You are careening shamelessly into oblivion Where you will live alone with your chemicals and gin 
is sick and hates Tila < PROPFEMALE > . 
believes there is only one person she can stand right now ... 
has a secret toot toot toot ... too tellllll ! 
you have stolen my heart . 
loves < PROPMALE>'s World ... and hates headaches and sore throats and uncontrollableness . 
feels . like . a . zombie . 
is pissed off because someone apparently hacked my BFA email and changed the password ... ugh ... I forgot to sign out in Chem last week and must've been there . 
4 cups of cappuccino and a grilled cheese sandwich !!!!! 
no longer has a badass cold , but now has severe stomach issues ... WTF ?! Ugh my new doctor better not be an idiot like my last one , we'll find out tomorrow ... 
is NOT taking tomorrow off ... I'm stressed enough because I missed today ... 
just kind of feels like ... 
wants to talk to someone who doesn't piss her off with their stupidity . 
feels she is pushing her luck ... and is using facebook in pirate mode ... 
believes she may stay up tonight ... anyone want to talkkkkk ? 
is terrified yet envious 
had a weird afternoon . 
doesn't want to wake up uber early tomorrow . Ugh . At least I have next Friday off . <3 
is so happy it's Fridayday ! <3 
it's so friggen cold in here I put on my winter coat ! 
is still kind of in shock that MVU had a crazy ass lockdown . HA ! I wasn't there ! =D 
is obsessed with Bully . 
just took a long and tiring nap . 
burn baby burn , burn , you make me hothot . 
just realized she wants Lady GaGa's hair . Eww . 
doesn't know what's going on . 
is now seeing someone :) 
is filled with wonder ... 
feels quite a bit better , now . 
wants to go to the bonfire ... 
wants to make a random youtube video . 
is happy to hear Lil < PROPFIRST > may have a new album out in Novemberr . 
is in one of her sick & demented moods today ... 
really wants a friend she can see every day at school . 
thinks Holden is sooo cute when he stares at me <3 
FISH TACO . 
made pancakes and scrambled eggs this morninggg . 
MVU is most likely getting their butts kicked tonight ... Since BFA is awesomer than them . 
doesn't want to listen to all of your crap , anymore . She's got better things to do than be annoyed by your burdens . 
hasn't gotten a hug all day . 
wants to check out the powderpuff game next week ... just because we're against MVU . It felt weird saying that * WE * were against MVU ... I'm so used to being on the other side of the fence , ha . 
is so violently annoyed . 
;; BFA kids : When are PSATs ? This Saturday or next Saturday ? 
ignorance seems to be * everyone's * new best friend , < PROPFEMALE > . 
got her free coffee ! <3 
wants to go to the powder puff thing ... Oh , I got my MVU yearbook today , and Mrs. Hakey apologized about MVU not working out for me ... lolz . 
facebook sucks at giving me suggestions . 
hates being sick . 
feels so sick still . 
thinks people should wish < PROPFEMALE > Hakey a happy birthday , because she's my mom and because she's what most of you would call a \cool mom . \"" 
sore f*cking throat . 
just actually thought of being serious for a change and bitching someone out for no apparent reason ... wow . 
LET'S BE BESTIES ! Who's going to the show on Wednesday ? We should chill =D 
needs help writing her paper ... help ? First of all , I don't understand the question , second of all , I don't know what examples to use ... 
hates ignorant people . 
wants to see life in a new perspective . 
has no preference between regular and disabled people , apparently . Taking the light-skin dark-skin IAT next . 
had fun at the show ... I suppose ... could have been better ... 
saw a status that would be PERFECT for a dislike button .. 
needs a life . 
really , really , REALLY wants to watch Fight Club . 
feels a little better because a lot of people on her friend's list are sick , too . 
wonders if Facebook has ever caught someone trying to cheat on their bf/gf because someone tried to add a relationship to their profile with more than one person ... 
feels bad ... why is it that these little things make or break my day ? =/ It's sweet , but stressful ! 
has decided to take this with a grain of salt . Tomorrow is a new day , and I'll have even more lies to deal with , better to get the current ones off of my mind . 
needs advice . Ha . 
for further reference ... boys should die =D 
anger doesn't even begin to cover it . I am so friggen stupid T_T 
doesn't know . Tomorrow is either going to be a complete bummer of stress or it will be spectacular ... which I doubt it will be spectacular . 
P.S. The fortune cookie LIED . 
hates feeling this way . 
needs a cyberhug . Lolz . 
just changed her voicemail to a recording of a love song ... baha . 
is so over it . He's not worth my time . 
is very hyper how because < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > is coming over ^_^ 
loves ya ! <3 
has so many emotions going on ... should I cry , laugh , or scream ? ugh ... 
is wondering if < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > is losing weight on the Motley Crue diet ! xD 
is a pretty lion , and < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > Miller is a pretty dinosaur ... and you-know-who is \one ugly fucking dinosaur\ " ! <3 " 
: a wise girl kisses but doesn't love , listens but doesn't believe , and leaves before she is left . -- < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > 
hates feeling like thissss ! Rawr . 
hates how people pick her brain for things that isn't any of their goddamned business ! 
is going to try leaving before she is left . 
is physically indestructable , psychologically broken and extremely emotionally vulnerable . 
has some random person texting her ... they won't tell her who they are ... 
<3 
feels like she is ruining her chances . 
had one the worst days in a long time ... hopefully going to sleep and going into a month-long coma . That'd be sweet . </3 
HAS HER NEW IPOD HELL YES ! <3<3<3 
is in a good mood ! Yay for Friday ! But boo for weekends without plans . 
has accomplished her main mission for today ! 
feels a lot better about things ... for once knowledge is power ... sort of . 
has had the greatest day in a long time . :) 
is under the impression that < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > got high on heroin cookies and caused the fire that caused BFA to be closed today ... xD 
is going to St. Albans with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > . 
is annoyed at everyone except < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > Miller at this point ... I wish the drama bull outside of school would stop ... I'm only happy when I'm in school , hanging with people like < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > Beams , < PROPFIRST > Erno , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > , and of course < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > Miller . 
Regarding my last post ... I'm adding < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , Aly Xp , < PROPFEMALE > Bilodeau , & < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > 
needs someone to talk to . 
does NOT want to play a love game . 
just doesn't know what to do . It'd be wise to let go , it'd be wise to follow the experience through and hurt myself to motivate me . 
is having one of the worst nights ever . 
realizes things could be worse- I mean , I could still be attending MVU . 
Do you collect the souls you've lost in the top of your dresser drawer ? Count the number of tears displaced on lonely bedroom floors . A machine where your heart once was slowly takes the place of you . Only hold the memories now of a love I thought I knew . 
now agrees with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > that men should die . 
smells like lady speed stick ... lawls . If you read < PROPMALE > Cobain's wikipedia stage , you'll see what I mean ... 
has so ... much ... HOMEWORK . I need help in Chemistry ... I have a test on ionic and covalent bonding and like drawing them out and I am completely lost ... eek ! 
;; you know the words , so sing along for me , baby . 
is getting off ... text meee ( 802-393-5266 ) I need someone to talk to . 
Don't try testing your limits- You may be afraid of how scarily small they may be . 
and she said , I think we're running out of alcohol . Tonight , I hate this fucking town , and all my best friends will be the death of me , but they won't ever remember , remember . So please take me far away , before I melt into the ground , and all my words get used against me ; this sad and lonely girl . 
Today , I noticed a link to Averagewizard.com, where people can post their < PROPMALE > Potter related MLIAs . I am now anxiously awaiting websites dedicated to ninjas , high fives , and dinosaurs . MLIA <--- < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > Miller , we need to make a dinosaur one . 
knows that it's for the best ... I just really need support from my friends at school .. Love you guysss . 
I've never told a lie , and that makes me a liar . I've never made a bet , but we gamble with < PROPFEMALE > . I've never lit a match , with intent to start a fire , but recently the flames are getting out of control . 
sees that this orange has a tumor on its ass ... 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > Miller - Today , my little brother threw a Pop-Tart at my grandpa , who was cooking over a stove . Without looking , he turned his oven mitt around , knocked it up into the air , and caught it in his mouth . I am now convinced my grandpa is a secret ninja . MLIA 
hahaha a little yard work goes a LONG way ... lmfao !!! ( Don't ask , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > reference ) 
wishes she could just forget . Ugh I need a certain substance right about now ... and it's not melatonin . 
thinks certain people need to butt out and stop prying into territory they needn't read ... 
Here's something I've learned in the past year : If all else fails , switch schools ! xD 
is annoyed by certain annoying people . ( Really , this is more than one person ) 
slept in until ten , and thankfully recieved a coffee to wake her up ! <3 
is going to spend a few days at < PROPFEMALE > Churchill's , it's going to be amazerful . 
is so confused about everything ... why do I put myself in these situations ?! 
can't wait till the next half day , so me , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPMALE > Madden can go to the buffet at Pizza Hut ... lol . 
is back in Swanton :( I hate it here . 
guesses he made his decision ... 
thinks people are getting really annoying today . 
had a crappy day ... I wish I had friend to < PROPFEMALE > with who weren't annoying AND don't treat me like crap .. I know I treat people like crap sometimes , but that's only because they are as annoying as all hell . 
got a really awesome zip hoodie today that has built-in headphones xD 
wishes he hadn't of treated me like that ... I wanted to be friends , but then he had to go complicate it when he already had a fucking girlfriend ... 
is wondering who is psyched about Christmas ? LIKE THIS I WANT TO SEE HOW MANY PEOPLE READ MY STUFF ON HERE . 
two more days ^_^ 
has decided that because of her so-called Northern accent , that she will claim to be from Canada . 
just wishes guys weren't such douchebags ... 
doesn't mean to sound so depressing , but just wants to say she wishes something ( or someone ) could just fly her out of this world , away from all of these people , and this horrible guilt , and this horrible feeling that nothing will ever be alright , and this horrible feeling that I will always just be alone with no one to hold me close and tell me I truly matter . 
can't wait until tonight ... going to my aunt's to get a make over , then off to meme's party , and then off to Christmas at < PROPFIRST > Hakey's , and then tomorrow 2 Christmases , and then another Christmas the next day , and then chilling until New Years , which is simply going to be a fucking blast ( Mandii < PROPFIRST > Bushey is supposed to get me ) . 
is getting more enraged by the minute ... this is bull . 
is wishing you all a < PROPFEMALE > Christmassacre . 
really really wants to just get fucked up and forget all he has done to me . 
had overall a good day other than the disturbing thoughts that asshole caused me to have ... 
CAN'T WAIT TO GET FUCKED UP ON NEW YEARS !!! W00T . 
is playing Kingdom Hearts 258/2 Days ... FUN ! 
has realized she should definitely download some more Children of Bodom ... 
thinks she knows what kind of guy she wants but will never have =P 
loves how she is good at playing Guitar Hero when she is very depressed . 
R.I.P. The Rev ! 
if you drink and drive , I shall keel youuuu . Because it's fucking stuupid . 
I wonder how I never seem to get hangovers from liquor , only from intense drinking from wine coolers . 
I really need a haircut . Bad . 
If I get the bleach , would anyone mind bleaching my roots for me ? I'd really like someone who knows what they are doing , I'm afraid to do it because I can't see the back of my head ... I want * just * my roots , as in don't get too much anywhere else ... 
just did probably the stupidest thing she's going to do all year ... 
Dude , don't ever put 2 people together who have no clue what they are thinking about ... it just doesn't work . 
is so confused and stressed and feels horrible and just BAH ! I tried venting this morning but just got shit on and guilt tripped ... why can't someone just fucking listen without preaching ? 
his scent stains my mind . 
loves you ! 
you'd die if you knew the truth ... 
R.I.P. Uncle < PROPMALE > :( 
wonders if it is possible to delete the recycling bin .. 
my love for you is bombproof . 
wants to crawl into a hole and die ... a hole that is circled with fire , and filled with < PROPMALE > nails and acid . 
is listening to As I Lay Dying on my PS3 ... feeling pathetic and alone ... why did he lead me on like that ? Feeling a little better than earlier . 
really wants a drink right now ... I can't take this loneliness . I won't drink , but only because there isn't enough alcohol here to get me fucked up . 
is not talking to him ever again . Fuck it . 
wonders why she can't be happy like she was after new years .... maybe a certain ASSHOLE ruined everything . 
show me what i'm looking for . 
is getting back into that gloom like she was yesterday morning :( I need a hug from a certain guy ... but noooo . 
really wants to party it up and take my mind off of things ... 
is getting over him ... very slowly but surely ... one day over , a million more to go ... 
is getting more nervous waiting for her interview . 
is sure she didn't get the job . Ah well , I'mma be scrap booking , I really wanna do it . 
needs to get over this . 
boys , why do the majority of you piss me off ? 
needs more friendsss . ( In real life ) 
is going to build a penis guillotine with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , boys beware ^^ 
NO SPIDERMAN 4 ? WHAT THE FUCKING FUCK ?!?!?! 
hahaha ... homemade tattoos ... 
got a 97 on her computer apps exam . 
save me from this love sick < PROPFEMALE > . 
oh wow , I guess we are best friends because you don't talk to me outside of school , or ever < PROPFEMALE > out with me . When I tell you about it , you pretend to care , but really , you don't . 
is so fucking angry right now . This is bullshit . 
is wearing her awesome < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > shirt . 
OH . BUUUUURN . Getting my hair cut tomorrow ... should I totally dye and re-style , or just a trim and bleach ? 
Wow you are so annoying . 
hey , how are you today ? 
might be going ice fishing Mondayyy ! 
thinks that baby that was trapoed for like 60 hours in Haiti was soooo cute ! I know it's weird , but I find dark skinned babies to be cuter than white ones . 
why the fuck did she just haaaave to talk to him ? It's not fucking fair .... I hate extroverted people ... they feel soooo entitled . 
ho'hhhhhh leee shit . 
is going ice fishing tomorrow , and then spending a few days at < PROPFEMALE > Churchill's . Yay for a new semester :) 
it's so much easier to run than face all this pain- you're all alone . 
FUCK YOU WORLD . 
feels so sick . 
if you've never talked to me on here before , I TRIPLE DOG DARE YA to . =D 
ain't lookin ' like a fool with her pants on the ground ! xD 
poster child party girl . miss boombox , make me swirl . 
wants to fly . 
loves how people whine and whine and whine despite how much I glare at and ignore them 
your mom isn't cool , mkay ? 
it's about time those bastards gave me a new iPod ... 
It's spelled \BORED\ " not \ " BOARD\ " idiot . " 
has a working 160 gig iPod now ! YAY ! 
now falls into the statistic of children whom have both parents as friends on Facebook ... lol . 
No change , I can't change , I can't change , I can't change , but I'm here in my mold , I am here in my mold . 
OMG THE NUTTY PROFESSOR !! 
why is the cat smelling my butt crack ? 0 . o 
should have run him the fuck over ... 
wonders if it's March 28th yet ... 
WOW ! THAT'S A LOW PRICE !!!! 
wants someone to < PROPFEMALE > out with me tomorrow in the cityyy ... 
MVU Middle School graduates : Who remembers the stink bomb incident in J-Pod ? Lmfao !! 
11 people online and no one really worth talking to ... at least not ones I dare IM , haha . 
I MUST CONFESS THAT I'M FEELING LIKE A MONSTER . 
' s daily obsession = Slipknot . 
is sick of the whole \OMG ROMANCE\ " escapade ... fucking pathetic . " 
I hope you know , that I do worry about you , just like you worry about me ... 
he called me \baby\ " as if I still mattered ... fucking asshole . " 
is already dying alone . 
really wants an IM . 
is going with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > to watch her grocery shop ... woo ! 
Sick Puppies on Saturday <3 
wishes she was in his arms ... 
is so fucking annoyed ... this is bullshit ... 
is so stressed out because of other people's bullshits being put ahead of my own .. why the fuck can't people just leave me alone ? 
feels bad . I messed things up , yet again . 
remember those days in elementary school when teachers turned off the light to get your attention ? But yeah anyways , anyone want to < PROPFEMALE > out ? I'm desperately bored . 
really wants to buy some < PROPMALE > . Anyone want to sell me some ? I really , really want some . 
wants to go pick up some red bull and < PROPFEMALE > out with someone . Who is that someone going to be ? 
stab my back , it's better when I bleed for you . 
wants to cook those black bean taco things . 
is makinggg baked beans with pineapple . I think I'm starting to LIKE cooking ... crazy ... 
just made some super awesome almond cookie dough , I don't want to make the cookies it's so yummy ^^ . AND Vegan . 
cooked the almond cookies ... DELICIOUS ! At some point this week , going to hopefully make those chocolate peanut butter pillows ... w00t . 
is apparently married now lol . 
has such a horrible mirgraine . Someone kill me before I stab a bitch . 
KILLING SPREE TIME , WHERE THE HUSBAND AT ?! 
left school and her husband due to a shitty migraine ... ugh ... 
wants some company . 
DEAD MEMORIES IN MY HEART . 
disarm me with your loneliness , just like always before . & decieve me out of my emptiness , telling me how you love me with all of your heart , no more . 
your shit is overrated . 
just heard about what would have been an AMAZING fight to watch . 
signed up for next years classes ... taking cosmo because < PROPFIRST > told me to , lol . 
has a HUGE fucking backache ... I need a massage ... I was also crying for no reason , and I couldn't control it . 
is sick and tired of being sick and tired . 
really wants some tomato soup . 
is kinda loopy from medicine ... don't mind my random typos and \WTF\ " moments ... " 
is watching Bruno ... what . the . fuck . 
how many more days until March 28th ? 
i'd like to see you have your way , come on have your way with me ... 
wants someone to come over and chee-ill . 
is watching Wrong Turn 3 and eating tomato soup with oyster crackers ... yay 
feels horrid . Anyone want to < PROPFEMALE > out and talk about how stupid this romanticized version of < PROPFIRST>'s Day is ? I can officially drive anyone legally tomorrow ^^ 
MOM GOT ME FIGHT CLUB ON DVD YAYAYAY !!!! 
what the fuck is everyone's problem lately ? 
is not letting people do this to her anymore . 
just wants to punch someone in the fucking face . Why are people naturally prying and annoying ? ( Mostly family and people I see nearly everyday ) 
dear english teacher , you piss me the fuck off . dear chemistry teacher , YOU CONFUSE ME BUT YOU'RE AWESOME . dear algebra teacher , you're a fucking bitchfaced cuuuuunt . dear guidance counselor , i hope summer classes don't eat me alive . -- < PROPFIRST > ! 
is hopefully going to CCV at some point this week to see about summer classes . 
hates when she hears things incorrectly : Today , I swear I heard someone tell me I was cute . 
is pissed because those fucking assholes that work in the Village put up a bright fucking street light next to my window ... guess who won't be able to sleep tonight ? 
rawr ? 
needs a hug from a stranger =/ . 
AIN'TNOBITCHWHOCANDOITLIKEME: J-E-F-F-R-E-E <3 
damn hippies made me sing the goddamned \Everything\ " song . x [ " 
My mom just asked me if my math teacher was smoking dope . She called my mom to tell her I got 49/51 on a quiz today ... then mom proceeded to ask me if I made a friend call to pretend she was my math teacher to say that ... what an MLIA filled day . 
loves youuu 
hates these nights where she just wishes someone could come over and < PROPFEMALE > out . 
hah , cool , now you can tell facebook if you don't know the person who adds you . 
okay , so I was up until 3 am , so you'd think mom would leave me alone , because it was her that kept me up .... NO she has to fucking text me and get on my ass at fucking nine am , and she wonders why I'm being such a bitch .... I WONDER THE FUCK WHY ! 
is no longer pissed :) . I got my bro's wii now , and I'm getting inked soon ! <3 
is deactivating her facebook . Goodbye . 
wants to kill him . 
hasn't been on here in forever ... talk to me ... if not , I'll just go smoke another cig ... not a threat . 
is going out for a walk ... text me . 
wants to go to school . 
wants some more marijuanaaaa . Hopefully gettin ' my drank on with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Bushey Friday ! 
someone talk to me . I'm bored , tired , and sober . 
Gobama or Nobama ? 
really doesn't feel like getting involved ... but goddamn it this ignorance pisses me off . 
did pretty damn good on her dance routine test today :D 
someone wanna send a message my way ? I need real friends , not the facebook ones you never talk to . 
I've never had the nerve to ask , as my moment come and passed . 
JESUS IS ON PLAYSTATION HOME I'M TALKING TO HIM NOW !! 
is leaving for NH tomorrrrrowww ! 
is in NEW HAMPSHAAA ! 
forgot her hairbrush :'( 
HAHAHAHA Shut the fuck up . Breakfast at this awesome hotel , then off to Boston to wait to see HIM ! <3<3 
You were supposed to be there , mean everything , let ME break YOUR heart ... 
HAS A DREAMSICLE 
I AM THE LORD OF THE MOTHERFUCKING UNDERWORLD . 
needs more cigs ... wanna drink it up this weekend more than you could possibly believe . 
someone talk to me , before it sets in ... 
hurt myself today , to see if I still feel ... 
actually had fun in chemistry today ... that's a new one ... 
wants someone to chill with for the weekend ... 
is going out to have a cig near the church ... just to make it dramatic .... text me 802-393-5266 . 
had a great fuckin ' night last night ... got so fucked up ... Happy Easter . 
is so . fucking . hungover . 
YOU DUMB MOTHERFUCKER . 
hates kids my age who can't spell for shit ... what the fuck , it's called ENGLISH CLASS , RETARDS ! 
is hoping Best Buy can help a bitch out with her PS3 , suffering from YLOD syndrome ... if not , I'm performing the surgery myself . 
voided the warranty which was expired anyway :) . Translation : The PS3 is torn apart all over my kitchen table . 
anyone wanna bring me a heat gun that can reach 350 degrees Celsius ? PLEASE I REALLY NEED ONE . 
oh wow I wish I was a dirtbag so I was cool enough to find someone to sell me weed . No , seriously ... I want some . 
BREAKFAST AT SUBWAY ?! FUCK IT WHEN I GET MY OWN PLACE I'M LIVING NEXT TO A SUBWAY ... 
Lady GaGa , if by some miracle you read this , take my advice : PUT SOME FUCKING CLOTHES ON !!! I DO NOT NEED TO SEE YOUR COOCH ! 
needs to fucking party . 
good morning , world ... I think I should bid you goodnight ... 
just got her beaver hunting license ... < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Bushey , you know what this means ... :D 
I feel so much better , now that you're gone forever ! 
what a good weekend , I don't remember some of it :D 
is officially passing all of her classes . 
was just told by her mom to remember to go to school , lol . 
you're the only one , i would take a shot on . keep me hangin ' on , so contagiously . 
hit me with your punch-drunk love ! 
look what you're money bought : It's all that she's got . Ooh , it keeps her company . Straight from mom and daddy . 
I agree with her , I'd do anything for a guy who didn't ditch me for some other chick , too . It hurts knowing you'll never be good enough ... 
desperately needs help . http://bit.ly/d4Yqno 
Who will I save : < PROPMALE > Cunningham or < PROPFEMALE > Hogle ? http://www.asylum626.com/ 
WHY DID NO ONE TELL ME ABOUT AUDIOSURF SOONER ? 
I really feel like I can't take much more ... if only there was a way I could just leave this place forever , maybe I could fix myself and gain back some of my sanity ... maybe even a smidgen of the happiness I haven't had in years ... 
Is tomorrow a gold day ? 
just passed in her app to D&D ... hopeful ... or as hopeful I can be with the crappy economy . 
OMFGZZZ I WANNA TALK ABOUT IT BUT CAN'T . HINT : FAVE MOVIE . 
TEXT ME 802-393-5266 <3 
HAPPY 4/20 MY STONER FRANNZ 
mmm pecans xD 
wants to go for a walk , anyone wanna join me ? 
misses her PS3 so much :'( 
is sick of feeling so unhappy . 
wants to go back and do what should have been done a long fucking time ago . 
not going to school tomorrrowwwwww ! 
AHHHHH !!!!!!!!!!!! 
I AM CORNHOLIOOOOOO 
hey there how is everyone today ? 
someone should teeeext me . 
fucking can not stand kids who whine and act out when they don't get their way ... I.E. my brother ... 
is four friends away from having 100 ! Duude ! 
takes that last status back ... 3 friends until 100 ! 
dammit you're so self-centered and annoying . 
yeah ... SURE there's global warming when it snows at the end of April . 
EAT SHIT EVIL DOER ! 
2 FRIENDS TILL 100 . 
SAINTS ROW 2 is love . 
people = shit 
is going to fail on the SATs ... and hopefully go chill with < PROPFEMALE > afterwards to get stoned and over it ... 
SAT stands for \Stealing Away Time . \ " Totally wasted my whole morning because of it ... " 
Hi < PROPFEMALE > =) 
fuck this , I don't wanna go to school tomorrow :( 
SOMEBODY JUST LIKE ME 
green day tomorrow ? 
hates those kind of people who need to make everything about themselves . 
it's a quarter after one , i'm a little drunk , and i need you now ... </3 
it sucks when you've got no one to talk to who understands ... 
loves pissing people off . (: 
ew , this creepy guy on PSN is 28 years old , really ugly , and thinks I , a 17 year old , is interested ... uhh yeah , no . 
hey , you're that kid in my ________ class ! I remember you ! 
AAHHHHH I'M GOING TO FUCKING FLIP OUT NOOOO I HATE HIM HE'S SPREADING SHIT AND SOMEONE IS SPYING ON ME FUCK YOU SPIES FUCK YOU GUY FUCK THIS !!!!! 
picture perfect memories , scattered all around the floor . reachin for the phone , because i cant fight it anymore . and i wonder if i ever cross your mind . for me it happens all the time . 
wow ... escapades much ? 
&& love don't live here , anymore . 
this world is a cruel place and we're here only to lose . So before life tears us apart let death bless me with you . 
loves ' em big and strong ( My alcoholic beverages ) 
:O I don't wanna know ... 
is watching Miss March ... LOVE IT 
A friend in need is a friend indeed , a friend with weed is better ! 
has a new favorite drug :D 
wtf this song was on when i was at my friend's houseee . 
umm ... coughskankwithadog'snamecough ... hey there , how goes it ? 
I wish tomorrow I could wake up and everything would be better ... But nothing is ever going to change . 
could listen to < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Gatto ramble on and on alllll day ... 
Me : you suck 6:19 pm Amie : u suck worse 6:19 pm Me : incorrect \ 
grammar and spelling ... it's your fault imma fail my test hahahaa 6:20 pm Amie : u suck the worstest 
kinda wants to go to prom now ... 
feels accomplished ... i just learned how to make a pipe with foil ... 
wow i wish i could be an annoying moochy slut . 
fucking hates store bought greeting cards ... So I bitch people out on my birthday when they give me them ... unless it has money ... 
it sucks i can't go to prom but whateverrrr 
is watching < PROPFEMALE > !!! The old one !! The newer one SUCKS . 
really wants to go vegan again ... 
is actually cooking something ... as in not using a microwave .... what a rare occurence . 
got up late for school ... fuck ! I had my whole day planned out , too . 
wow i guess i'm being stalked by adults i don't even know ... pathetic . 
MY TOES ARE HOPEFULLY FIXEDED ! 
is further restricting who can see my posts from now on . 
Break this bittersweet spell on me , lost in the arms of < PROPFEMALE > ... 
FUCK THIS FUCKING DRAMA . If anyone would like to provide me a place to stay tonight , please let me know . 
NECAPs today ... Greaat . 
BEER AND MONTSTER WITH DORITOS AND CHEESE WOO 
feels so fucking sick :( 
is so sick of this stupid family drama . 
alle alle jandro alle alle jandrooo . 
is so sick of her mom bitching and complaining about everything .... jesus christ GET OVER IT . 
Love songs they kill me , they kill me , now . 
is getting her schedule fixed tomorrow , hopefully ! Pissed off my dance teacher today , fucking hilarious ! 
keeps forgetting it's FRIDAY !!! 
everytime i see your face , everytime you look my way , it's like it all falls into place ; everything feels right . Ever since you walked away , you've left my life in disarray . All I want is one more day ; all I need , is one more day with you </3 
is already regretting the schedule change except for dropping AP English and Advanced Dance . 
hates the playstation network ... most of its users are middle aged perverts who endlessly flirt with any woman they can find on PS Home . So disgusting . 
Dude , my mom is so pathetic . 
I wanted us to be always , always , always you and me . 
wonders why society must be so close-minded ? 
LIFE ISN'T A GARDEN SO STOP BEING A HOE . 
I , I JUST DIED IN YOUR ARMS TONIIIIGHT ! IT MUST HAVE BEEN SOMETHING YOU SAID !!!! 
I went to the fridge to get a pepsi , and mom randomly says , \You can have that Twisted Tea if that's what you were jonesin ' for . \ " My response : \ " I am now ! \ " <3 " 
fuck AP English . Glad I'm not taking it next year . 
< PROPFEMALE > is love 
RAWRxRAWRxRAWR 
would like to give you a hug :D 
has a pulsing pinstripe on her car :D 
don't like the way i do things ? UNFRIEND ME . 
just had her first chug of southern comfort ... good shit ! 
wow I love it when I follow through with plan Bs . 
RIP < PROPFIRST > Gray . Forever you will be missed by Slipknot fans everywhere . 
I don't care if that person commented on that other person's status ... I don't even know the person who posted the orignal status . 
really really needs a haircut :( I wish they were free . 
hears THUNDAAAA 
If u wanna kiss me \like\ " this status . If \ 
is on stickam ! Anyone wanna chat ? 
i fucking hate creepy late-20s men . 
People assume I think I'm cool when I talk about me and drugs ... NEWS FLASH- I don't . 
who the hell would want to be a cholo ? 
is sooo tired . Needs a certain substance . Wow , and I'm actually going to church tomorrow . Wtf happened ? 
I think I'm dumb . 
< PROPFEMALE > mad right now ... 
Someone should call me ... 
so stressed out I wish I could stop crying long enough to do something besides chain smoke . 
really needs help writing this week overdue essay :( 
mmm okay now i feel better 
Kill me . 
really doesn't know anymore . 
is actually thinking about performing arts ... eh , nah ... 
but i'm on the outside , and i'm looking in . i can see through you ' see your true colors . ' cause inside you're ugly , ugly like me . i can see through you , see the real you . 
got her yearbook today ! Also sharpied out his fucked up mug . 
Got a water bottle full of whiskey in my handbag ; Got my drunk text on . I'll regret it in the mornin'! 
\As a condition of employment with Staples 
soyahyou'reaskank . 
now I remember why I left MVU ... the girls there are so annoying ! 
has anyone else noticed my voice getting raspier ? 
is determined to have Just Dance downloaded and burnt to play before she gets ANY fucking sleep . 
quite honestly , creeped out . For some crazy reason I chose my dignity over my ego . 
SUCCESS MOFO ! 
still can't understand why the fuck girls my age are proud to be having kids ? I mean , yeah , it's better than having them at like 14 . Just ugh another reason why I don't understand society . 
okay so whoever just tried to send me a multimedia message on my phone : I can't get any because my other phone is broke so stop sending me them ! Especially because most of the ones I get are lame anyway . 
is so confused about what to do ... 
Tie dye duct tape = new love <3 
the past 2 days = amazing <3 hopefully nothing screws up like it has so many other times . 
Weed free : 6 days . Alcohol free : 12 days . Cigarette free : 4 days . 
it was just a dream , it was just a dream ... 
is wondering if anyone has a wii and would like to add me as a friend :) send me your friend code ! <3 
i'm so happy , ' cause today , i found my friends , they're in my head ... 
okay , so now that I have homebrewed my wii , it has taken over my life ... 
i hate those situations when you really want to talk to someone about a problem , but you can't , because you're supposed to deal with it on your own ... :/ 
will be up for most of the night ... IM or call me up :) 
shh , i have a secret ... 
there is a piggy at my house ... greaat . 
okay , i am officially in love with this facebook language :) 
what are little girls aspiring to these days ? Stupid question , I know ... 
Toy story 3 rocks bitches !! 
good weekend ? I think so . 
RIP < PROPFEMALE > <3 
hates her laptop 
really needs to think right now ... 
new phone = new < PROPFIRST > ! gimme yours , especially if you want to texxt ! 
seriously ready to < PROPMALE > the laptop at the nearest child pedestrian . 
is running a fever and hurts everywhere :( 
What is the < PROPMALE > dose in Tylenol that I can take ? 
blahblahblah SHUT THE FUCK UP ! 
STILL has a fever :( fml 
really doesn't want to go to the hospital ... I'd rather stay here with the boyf ... 
They told me I have a low white blood cell count ... They also can't figure out why . 
sometimes wishes she had made the other choice ... 
pissed off . guess maybe some people can't be trusted ... 
Here we go again with the fever and the dizziness and the aching ... 
Woaah , next week is 4th of July weekend ... 
hello world , i decided to let you back in . 
YES ! I finally got weed and beer for my sims ! 
EH HEM .. There is a difference between being confident and being arrogantly narcisstic . 
< PROPFEMALE > addicted ... must ... stop ... playing Sims 2 ... 
is going to try staying up until SEVEN AM ! 
heyheyyouyou i fucking hate your girlfriend ! No way , no way , I think I'll find you a new one :D 
wow that one little thing I just saw on facebook just made me lose a lot of faith ... 
FUCK YOU FACEBOOK MESSENGER 
is not going to lie , I'm rather very annoyed . 
+ you = ? 
OMG BABY SEALS . Uhh the weekend was awesome , except for last night . My head made me keep thinking about something , and my moodswings only made it worse . 
it's not fair how everyone knows what they are going to do with their life ; I'm just stuck here , in the now , I have no clue what the hell I want to do with my life after I graduate ... 
GRR WHAT THE HELL AM I SUPPOSED TO DO WITH MY LIFE ?! >.< 
third cup of coffee in 3 hours ... OMG ! 
wants to go drive Mr. Vroom Vroom around and arouuuund . 
is watching Hard < PROPFEMALE > ... AWESOME SHE JUST CASTRATED THAT MOTHERF**KER ! 
wants a hug . 
ugh , stupid little teenaged girls . 
The moment my mind automatically tells me not to worry is the moment I refuse to let myself not worry . 
play the\ 
Color Game ! :D copy this into your status and see what people rate you . Red = I love u ?, Pink = Ur cute :) , Green = Ur funny :D , Orange = I\ 
like u ?, White = I use to like u :( , Yellow = Ur amazing :P , Black =\ 
I hate u >:/ , Blue = Best friends forever ?, Purple = I don't\ 
know you that well . 
MAKIN ' BLACK BEAN TACOSSS COME OVER IF YOU WANT SOME . 
no moar tacos azz i iz saving thems for tomorrowss . 
it sucks how i'm still awake . 
Welcomes four new kittens into the family ... Sad how their nephew is older than them . 
is goiiiing camping this weekend with < PROPFIRST > Fortin :D ! 
We are who we were when ;; could have been lovers but at least you're still my day late friend . We are who ; we are who we were when . 
closed-minded meat eaters piss me right the fuck off . 
I really want some weed right now . 
OH NOOOO , IT'S THE SUCCUBUS !! 
Phones probably going to die at the end of the day , but currently , what's on my mind is \What a fucking asshole ! \"" 
Wow , short attention span , much ? 
is so sick of the anxiety ... i had to leave camp because of it , basically :( alooone . 
I wish my mind didn't make me make such stupid decisions . 
009 Sound System <3 
so , last night I had a dream that I was suffering from a terminal lung disease , where an entire portion of my lung was pitch black , and then as soon as I woke up , I turned around and saw a guy with a huge meat mallet ready to smash up my skull . I'm getting annoyed with this hallucination shit ... 
this is poke war , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > Miller . 
has internetz on phoneeee !! 
had an awesome time going to the moviess last nightt . We went to the < PROPMALE > for one movie , and then ended up going to the Drive in after to see two other movies , lol . Good times <3 
is wondering can anyone bring me some nutmeg ? 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > , you are my fucking hero . 
hopefully getting a hair cut and perm soooon . Great escape not this weekend , but the next weekend <3 
i hope you fucking choke and die . 
dear Duggar family parents : CLOSE YOUR FUCKING LEGS AND STOP MAKING BABIES . If you really want like 20-something kids , adopt ! 
wow , i hate moocher bitches who use their friends for perks rather than enjoy their company . Who's with me ? 
ugh , no onee caresss . 
does anyone know any good prom dress sites ? 
i has a bellyache and i can't sleep :( 
about readyo to beat the living shit out of my brother . Sorry , but I don't put up with nine year olds with cocky \I'm-so-great\ " attitudes . " 
It's times like these I am reminded why I fucking hate kids . 
\I'm too drunk to taste this chicken ! \"" 
People , please stop texting me in the middle of the night/early morning ( unless it's a school day ) - chances are , I am ASLEEP . 
I fucking hate my life in this fucking house . 
< PROPMALE > motherfuckin ' < PROPMALE > . 
Hahahahaha , fuck you i am not in a happy place right now . Need to get fucked up like the old days . 
If drunken words are sober thoughts , then heregoes : All of you fuckers are the same ; you can guilt trip me , but i can't guilt trip you , EVER . Fuck this . 
I've got this ice box where my heart used to be . 
I guess this weekend isn't going to be fun . :( Even the thought of the Great Escape isn't at all appealing , anymore . Too much stress . 
is going to the Frankenstein wax museum laterrr . Hopefully my mind will clear up a little bit . 
I think I am pretty much done . I don't want to deal with you succubus bitches anymore . 
I would kill to get drunk right now 
I FUCKING HATE YOU , YOU WORTHLESS SUCCUBUS CUNT . 
Great Escaaape ! Then coming home tonightt . That hotel was a shit hole . 
Anyone wanna < PROPFEMALE > later tonight when i get home ? Around 5 or 6 is what i'm thinking 
You think i'd feel bad , but i dooooon't! :) 
Drinking tonight ! Fucking JD ! 
harharhar i beat you :D 
my boyfriend's mom keeps poking me :P 
just totally scared my grandmother taking my bro and I out for a joyride and raced down the street . 
OMG < PROPFIRST > Fortin IS HERE :O 
INDIGO PROPHECY FTW ! 
is sick of teens complaining about having to work . I would LOVE to have a job , so if you would rather not work , tell your boss to hire me . 
WHEN IT'S TIME TO PARTY WE WILL ALWAYS PARTY HARD . 
just changed all of her passwords to match her new BFA password :D watch me forget it . 
My schedule is confusing . 
sooo yeah I drank a lot last night ... three smirnoff wine coolers anddd at least three shots of < PROPFIRST > . 
just had an epiphany ... woah ... 
It's really sad when parents shit on their kids because they were too stupid to use birth control . Sorry I exist ; maybe if I kill myself you'll be happy . 
shitty . fucking . day . :/ 
oh . uhh . wow . Anyone gotta PSN account ? Add me . 
Ahhh , the wonders of TVersity and media servers ;) . Totally pumped for computers and networking . 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oHg5SJYRHA0 <-- don't think about it , just click it . 
No friends in my classes except for cosmo . Uuuuuugh . 
</3 I don't want to go tomorrow . 
I hate jocks . 
I am a senior so they should be lickin ' my imaginary ballsack ! 
Good day , shitty fucking afternoon . 
Wooow . I wished I'd had someone at the fair to go on rides with . :( 
geesh , I can even leave the room without getting yelled at because I didn't do all of the dishes ; hey , cunt : I did some of them , which is better than nothing ! 
anyone wanna < PROPFEMALE > tomorrowww ? 
oh . my . gosh . 
Fml i hate getting up early . 
Green days are the best . :D 
is trying to install windows XP SP2 on my laptop ... I FUCKING HATE YOU VISTA . 
i don't fucking trust you . 
snobby people are stupid . 
I love how nobody ever talks to me in any of my classes . 
wants to go to Friendly's . 
< PROPFIRST > Fortin just lost the game ! 
3 months <3 He won't see this today , but I love youuu ! 
Bimboooo . 
please , bear with me today . 
my mom's relationship status is NOT top news . 
i feel like i should delete my couple photos ; i just remembered how annoying it is for me to see other people's couple photos . 
As soon as I get home , I'm finishing off my bottle of < PROPFIRST > . 
I miss the days when cell phones came with free full version games already programmed into the phone . 
Does anyone wanna give me a makeover ? Seriously I need one . Even clothes suggestions . 
has had a horrible weekend . 
I just looked at my locker in cosmo and there is a picture of casper the friendly ghost on it . 
Tech center should have a dentistry class ! 
good morninggg lovely 
When a guy tells you that you're out of his league ... hit him out of your park . 
somebody teeeext me ! 393-5266 . 
No one ever has my back anymore . 
I don't play well with others . 
:/ . my life would suck if it weren't for ... well , you know ... 
TEXT ME OR I WILL SHOOT YOUR FACE ... RAAAAAWRRRRRR !!! 
Cold , outside , angry . 
has a cold :( sore throat and stuff ... 
I need advice . 
I miss the old days ... 
In the immortal words of < PROPFEMALE > , \we need more lemon pledge . \"" 
seriously ? What am I supposed to do >.< I wish I still had some girl friends , but we either stopped talking , or they became total bitches . 
just wants to move out . can't even feel welcome in this house that was supposed to be a home . 
Nights like these are weird because I don't have someone sleeping next to me . :/ 
wishes she could go to a concert soon :( I can't be myself until I do . 
Dude , octomom might go on welfare ... Dumbasses like her oughta be shot . 
wow I just got ditched I think :/ 
Rawr ! 
Will someone please text me ? 393-5266 
can't wait until Cosmo . All my other classes suck . 
druggie or sweetie ? 
ughughughugh >:( 
asgherwysmngfk jf I NEED TO VENT 
sometimes , i miss certain things . 
</3 where is the funny , laid back guy when you need him ? 
is going to a buffet toniiight . Yay I has Friday off !!! 
is thinking about the past :( bad stuff . 
really wishes she could go to prom :'( 
memories that aren't mine haunt me , like i was a ghost that night , watching your every smile , every touch , every moment . 
Ughhh sooo sick . Someone talk to meee :( 
uuuggghhh ... < PROPFEMALE > sick !! 
Is getting her hair bleached ! 
LIE DAWG ! 
Rawrrrr i wish it was friiiiday . 
Yabadabadoooooo 
I love how i can't walk to class without almost getting run over . Parents need to not go barrel assing throught the parking lot , assholes . 
If you really knew me , you'd know that I have never been happy with my appearance 
is going to Saint Albans todayyy ! With < PROPFIRST > , as always . :) 
Stuff i need hair ties , big barrettes , butterfly clips , a different foundation that lasts and doesnt clog pores , mousse , and peach/skin colored eyeliner . 
if you really knew me , you'd know that the littlest criticism can break me . 
My mom is pathetic . 
Kind of upset , honestly . I guess he forgot about me .. 
Uuugh I don't want to write that stuuuupid English paper . 
Let's get fucked up ! Gimme that alcohol ! 
I like it when you lie right next to me . 
I do it for the drugs ; I do it just to feel high . I do it for the love that I get from the bottom of a bottle . 
</3 this sucks ... 
Meow . 
I like it on the chair . 
Half and half twisted tea <3 
</3 it's great to feel unwanted 
In btown with my dad , bitchezzz ! 
Owww I burned myself :( 
Rawrr a BB gun , new clothes , new straightener , the lifeee ! Oh and CHROME duct tape ! 
It's funny how people change around other people ... Maybe out of shame , or something . I find it lame , honestly . Why be fake ? 
Sometimes I feel quite spoiled . < PROPFIRST > is taking me home and I plan on watching Uptown Girls . Maybe drink and smoke ? 
feels like absolute shit right now . 
Asleep at the wheel , a red light mistake ; take my life for what it's worth . 
don't tell me if I'm dying , ' cause I don't want to know . 
I wish bfa would fucking turn heat on ! I am getting a cold just sitting here ! And I am NOT exaggerating ! My nose has been running all enrichment !! 
I forgot to post something about this yesterday ... But ... FLANNEL BOOBIES ! 
I don't like you . 
Awww , < PROPFIRST > just told me I reminded him of < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > <3 
Oh yay for feeling uncomfortable in my own house ! 
Hey , teacher ! Leave those kids alone ! 
is fucking pissed . 
wow , what a tool . 
wants her life to change . 
I need models for my photog classssss . We are doing portraits . It's black and white film . 
WTF is this 9 inches bullshit ? 
I'm starting to fight back , and if you don't like it- tough ! 
Guess who's got a big ole bottle of jager ? ;) 
I've gone farther in life than you have , bitch :) 
FUCK YES I HAVE INTERNET !!!! 
can't get the song out of her head >.< ! School tomorrow , then to the complex for the first time everrr . Then taking pictures because I can't afford to have a professional take them :/ first I can't even get any new school clothes or shoes , and now we can't even afford a pro for my senior pics . 
hopes we actually do something in Cosmo today ... or not ... that's okay too ... 
hi people . 
ohh , \ 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > married that guy ? Sorry , I was too busy having a life and\ 
not caring about celebrities ' lives ! Geesh , it's like they're gods , or\ 
something . 
Stomach acheee and headacheee . I wish my breakfast was reduced so I could actually fucking afford it . 
burrrlington again :D 
a test for more , is what you're striving for as we sleep , we walk . 
driiiinking tonight . fuck the dance . 
gettin ' druuuunk . And doing pumpkins with the little bro . Text me . I need attentioooon :D 
rawr rawr rawr rawr rawr rawr rawr rawr rawr rawr rawr . Have a nice day ! 
My obsession with subway is over , on account of that I don't think I will ever want to show my face in the one in St Albans ever again . 
FUCKING LIAR . 
I don't know what you are waiting for , all you should know is that I am not going to start the conversation . I'd much rather punch a wall until my knuckles bleed purple . 
Half day , pointlessss 
is watching < PROPFEMALE > , wishing she could go to prom with a date ... & not get covered in pig's blood . 
did BFA win last night ? 
Saw 3D is awesomely goryyyyy . Poor < PROPFIRST > , it was his first 3D movie :P 
yay ! A wedding this < PROPFIRST>'s day ! 
Jager , vodka , even whiskey , down tha shit , don't be a PUSSY ! 
Sick again . Ugh fml . 
>.< people who nag me when I'm really sick piss me off . 
:/ someone want to < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow night ? 
--> \ 
I havent lost anything except my mind\ 
Expect a thousand confessions that you will not find\ 
I try to take off my head sometimes\ 
because I cant escape the memories\ 
You could be empty\ 
& I can be right here empty with you\ 
Or you could be hollow \ 
& I can be right here hollow with you\ 
If you wanna say goodbye to everything\ 
I could say goodbye too 
Death sheds a new light for me every single day because of what you did . 
Ugh . It doesn't feel right . 
is riding in a Hummer ! Fuck yeah ! 
light headed :( 
just sprained her foot :'( owwww . 
is a cripple today . 
watching the Breakfast Club in Cosmoooo . :) 
I am still hurting . 
I am fucking sick of wasting my time looking for a job and not getting any fucking results . 
Ughhh so sick of these migrainesss . 
OMFGZ I FIXED MY COMPUTER YAY ! 
Nobody gets it . I like to stick to my fucking plans . 
funny how facebook says I have friends and I don't hear from any of them all vacation ! 
There's more to living than being alive . 
tomorrow is a white day , in case anyone was wondering . 
misses MVU :'( 
I buried myself alive on the inside so I could shut you out . 
hey . Anybody . I MEAN ANYBODY . Text me . 393-5266 <3 
Wake up , my love , never thought you'd make me , break me . Now I'm up , from below ; such a brilliant < PROPFEMALE > you are ! 
In this sea of lonely , the taste of ink is getting old . 
EW I JUST SAW A SUCCUBUS :( 
is sitting next to a teenaged he man ... Oookay 
ohh , you should've stayed home , ya should've known better , yet I melt in your mouth like liquid sugar . You thought you were gonna throw it back in my face , but tell me : how do my leftovers taste ? 
if you feel like dying , you might want to sing . 
getting my boots and Windows phone soon :D 
I'm at the doctor's office ... And there is one baby who is NOT happy . 
Okay my day officially sucks :( 
SNOW DAY !!!! 
wishes people would stop calling and bugging her . I'm sorry but I HATE talking on the phone . I thought people knew that . 
There are no flowers , no not this time , there'll be no angels gracing the lines , just these stark words , I find . I'd show a smile , but i'm too weak , I'd share with you could I only speak , just how much this , hurts me . 
What the hell is the world coming to when they begin selling Uggs for men ? 
OHMYGOSH I GOT MY BOOTS !!!! <3 <3 ! HELLO WARM FEET AND LESS FALLING ON MY ASS THIS WINTER ! 
D-I-N-O-S-A-U-R A DINOSAUR 
\I am the most original person I know ! \ " Words from a dumb freshman who looks like everyone else . " 
can't wait until Thursday !!! :D 
I fucking hate dreams . 
OMFG I WISH IT WAS THURSDAY !!!! 
I feel like every goddamned day , I'm being compared to her . That's what hurts the most out of all of this . 
You're not sorry you did it . You're sorry I found out . 
ughh siiick . fuck this shit . wrgaerjkghjehyaet . 
I'm not getting my phone tonight :( but I did get some K cups of COFFEE ! :) 
OK I GOTS MY WINDOWS PHONEEE 
Okay so I pretty much broke my SIM card for the time being ... Still sick , wished I could have went to Cosmo today . Ugh I've missed < PROPFEMALE > much school . 
< PROPFEMALE > , please stop raping auto tune . 
Really DOES NOT want to deal with you-know-who today ... Ugh she is SOOO FUCKING ANNOYING ! 
Some fucking friends I have . 
< PROPMALE > the elf , what's your favorite color ? 
I totally just ate that whollle bag of cheetos , over 1400 calories ... just so I wouldn't have to < PROPFEMALE > it around all day ... I feel < PROPFEMALE > sick now ... and I regret it ... :'( Owwww 
Got one bottle uh jagerr ! 
Sometimes , life and people just are not fair , yet it still makes sense . 
Tonight is going to suck ass ... I have to go to the house my papa died in ... and I can't drink before I go , because that's disrespectful ... 
My tummy hurts :( kill meee . 
DJ hero 2 is my new love <3 
Soooo much fucking fooood . 
Okay , you KNOW it's pathetic when you need to install shit from a CD for a FUCKING COMPUTER MOUSE ! 
OH MY GOSH RUGrATS IS ON < PROPMALE > !! 
Plans for today : Bleaching my roots , Rock Band , DJ Hero 2 , Saints Row 2 , The Sims 2 , < PROPFIRST > shows up , then maybe drinking . Lots of sequels , woah . 
It feels so good to finally have some money ! Tonight is going to be sweet ! 
Funny how seizing the littlest opportunity can raise my entire mood ! Bubbly ;) 
recently realized she now has the ability to let people know when she really doesn't like them :) 
Sluuut . 
Duuumbass . 
Douchebaaaaag . 
All I want is a place to call my own , to mend the hearts of everyone who feels alone . Whoa , you know to keep your hopes up high and your head down low . 
In & out of < PROPMALE > in less then 45 minutes ... Ha . 
anyone got any spare glossy photo for inkjet printers ? 
Waiting to start my Cosmo exam ... 
just found an old picture of Zipper/Ginseng when he was a kitten ! :D AWW ! 
just ate a meal , getting ready to give blood ! 
is drinking coffee she got for free just by giving blood ! Ironically , the next time I can donate is MY BIRTHDAY ! 
sorry , but I am not a fucking Aquarius . I'm a diehard Pisces . 
I think I would like to collect old broken cell phones . 
Bittorrent is god . 
Second chances , they don't ever matter people never change ; once a whore , you're nothing more . I'm sorry , that'll never change . 
Fuck < PROPFIRST > Swift ... I would MUCH rather Alanis Morrssette . 
Someone , anyone , text me . 393-5266 
Like if you are a Vermonter and you dislike Canadians ( Especially when they can't drive ! ) 
wow , i hate you . 
I need people to < PROPFEMALE > out with besides < PROPFIRST > and my cat . 
ADTR Ticket came today ! 
It sucks getting bullied by the only person you have to talk to . 
Ugh FUCK MY LIFE . I have a virus that closes task manager . 
it's a quarter after one , I'm all alone and I need you now . 
* headdesk * guess I gotta recover my desktop ... AGAIN ... fifth ( or maybe seventh ) time in the six years I've had it ... 
Now to spend the day reinstalling everything on my computer . Oh joy . 
Jagr it up , bumblebee . 
Going to Baysideee 
Fuck the Winter ball , I'm at a bar ! 
I hate going to his house it's so boring ! 
Fuckin drunkkk . 
Fuckin hungoverrr . 
wow , I love snitches . I think I'm going to change up my \Trusted\ " group . " 
if you see this status , you are one of VERY few who can now see whenever i update ... 
Suicide watch . 
wants to move out . So bad . 
no school tomorrow , fuck yesssss . 
Ugh today should have been another snow day . 
oh great , Wal-Mart can now cash welfare checks ... I think this speaks for itself ... 
and < PROPFIRST > Fortin watched a Canadian go off of the interstate right into the ditch ... she said she couldn't see that she even went off the interstate . I know she's a Canadian , but I still feel horrible . 
And now it is thundering and lightning out wtf ? 
Sometimes , it's just not worth being alive . 
Why the fuck does no one ever fucking listen to me ?! 
Ugh , I need a drink . 
Dude , you seriously need to ask an attendant to buy a razor at Price Chopper ? They put locks on the racks ... 
I'm ready for the after party . 
I GOT AN INTERVIEW SOOO FREAKIN ' HAPPY !!!! 
Listening in on < PROPFIRST>'s brainwashing session ... 
I'm not allowed to have my boyfriend over , yet your lazy boyfriend can < PROPFEMALE > around all he fucking wants . Now tell me , where's the fairness in that ? 
I really hope I get this job ... been looking for months ... 
there's a difference between telling it like it is and just plain being a bitch . 
RIP < PROPMALE > Cobain <3 
INTERVIEW TODAY !!! I HOPE I GET THIS JOB SOOOO BAD . 
so , I have orientation on the 5th ... does this mean I've got the job ? 
?? uol ? q ? ????? ?? ? nd os ' ? uo ?? ? u ?? q o ? p ? sn os ?,? 
Just in case anyone is planning on getting rid of their arimores or vanity tables ( preferably with drawers ) I will happily take if off of your hands , because I would really like them ! 
hi . 
i miss the old days . 
It turns out there are over 200 digital photos of me in existence ... wow , have I changed over the years . 
This snow storm is definitely the best birthday present ever ... Seriously ! 
i just dreamt that i had a phoenix on my head . 
SOMEONE SHOULD COME OVER TO MY HOUSE AND MAKE A SNOWMAN , IGLOO , AND SNOW ANGELS WITH ME !!! 
fucking dreams ... 
why the fuck can't men pick up after themselves ? I have my own messes to pick up !!! 
You're the echoes of my everything , you're the emptiness the whole world sings at night . You're the laziness of afternoon , you're the reason why I burst and why I bloom . How will I break the news to you ? 
I never really wanted you to see the screwed up side of me that I keep locked inside of me so deep ; it always seems to get to me . 
What I really meant to say , is I'm sorry for the way I am . 
show your wounds , I'm bored with mine . 
wake up , my love , never thought you'd make me , break me . 
I only wish you weren't my friend , then I could hurt you in the end . 
No parking = No school . 
maybe i'll never see you smile again . maybe you thought that it was all pretend . 
Job Fair tomorrow , should be fun being all alone with my anxiety in a gigantic room full of people . Fun , especially when your fellow tech center classmates ignore you in class ; imagine what it would be like in public . 
burn the sun , burn the light . 
I could spin circles around you , and hopefully it will dig a hole deep enough that you will fall for eternity . 
I've been dancing on the tops of buildings , & at the top of my lungs I'm singing you a song . 
Fucking haaaaateee school . And stupid people . And gas prices . 
It's kind of rude to blow someone off and then contact them because you want something . 
I haven't had pizza in almost a month . What the hell is wrong with me ? 
Guess I got to find a new job where I don't have to put my hair up and don't lie to me about rules that don't exist . 
Bomb threat ? 
Ha spending the day in Cosmo fuck my other two classes . :) 
Everyone is changing , there's no one left that's real . 
I NEED HELP WITH MY ACCUPLACER TEST I FEEL LIKE A TARD ! 
Microsoft , your pathetic attempt at a smart phone really disappoints me . 
so pretty much almost totaled my car just trying to drive to school . I wish the idiots in St. Albans knew how to fucking drive . 
CUDDY IS LEAVING HOUSE WTF NOOOOO !!!! 
Should I get an In Love & Death tattoo or a Chadam tattoo ? 
Well , at least if the rapture happens , I won't have to work tomorrow . 
aaaah , it's the mass of ass fat coming toward us !!! Shiiiit , and I thought the scariest part were her fangs and vile stench !!! haha ! :D 
Ugh I don't want to work for the next three nights I have college work to dooo . 
Mama we all go to hell . 
< PROPFEMALE > does anyone know if I have to take my hair dye out if I work at Staples ? 
Interview tomorrow ... Nervous ! 
From the lights to the pavement , from the < PROPFIRST > to the floor , from backstage to the doctor , from the Earth to the morgue . 
I believe the interview went well :) 
Sometimes I wish I had the stomach to start shit on facebook . There are some mean-but true comments I could leave on people's statuses that would be funny as hell . 
Wow , McDonald's is making me work 3-11 Thursday night , and rehearsal is Friday morning . Thanks , assholes . 
Got my next interview !! :D 
guess who got the job ? 
Okay , so what exactly does Coldplay have to do with graduating ? 
I am getting kind of sick of strangers being in the house at this time of the night . 
If I ever decide to have kids , they aren't going to eat tubs of ice cream and other people's graduation cakes . 
SEX . AND VIOLENCE . 
my god , stupid people piss me the fuck off . 
As if all the bimbos working here wasn't enough , they go around and change tj maxx around so I can't find what I need . Sweet . 
Tomorrow is my last day at McDonald's! Fuck yeah ! 
at 2 o'clock I will FINALLY be able to PAINT MY NAILS YAY ! 
I need someone to chill with tomorrow night . 
fucking all nighter . Again . Still can't eat . 
Mayday Parade , PLEASE come back to South Burlington , VT !!! <3 I miss you . 
I like how my ex's new relationship status is on the \Top News\ " section of my feed . Even though the only attention it's got is his douchebag brother \ " liking\ " it . " 
I might just end up in Boston :) one can only hope . 
More jager ! Yeaah ! ;) 
Fuck you , fuck you , fuck you , you're cool , fuck you , I'm out . 
not gonna lie , this doesn't even feel real . 
i eat boys up , breakfast and lunch . 
Now I can breathe , turn my insides out and smother me . Warm and alive I'm all over you ; would you smother me ? <3 
If the shoe fits , lace it up and shove it up the world's ass ! 
the road i walk is paved in gold to glorify my platinum soul . 
It's times like these I miss having girl friends to talk to ... 
I feel like shooting someone in the face (: 
I just chugged a Rockstar within five minutes without realizing it . 
Totally watching the < PROPMALE > Horror Picture Show while I'm on my breaks today , because I'm cool like that . 
In less than twelve hours , I will be on my way to Boston , bitches . 
Anyone want to join me to see Skrillex in October ? Buy your own ticket , I can give you a ride . :) 
It seems to be obvious that I'm not missed back in vt . 
you're such a gorgeous nightmare . 
skype me . anyone . ashiixelainexx . 
In the words of Jeffree < PROPFEMALE > ; \Smile and stop being a cunt :) \"" 
Jager , vodka , even whiskey ; down that shit , don't be a pussy . 
I feel incredibly worthless right now . 
Every woman deserves a man who calls her baby , kisses her like he means it , holds her tight like he never wants to let her go , doesn't cheat , wipes her tears when she cries , doesn't make her jealous of other women , instead makes other women jealous of her , is not scared to let his friends know how he really feels about her , and lets her know how much he really loves her . REPOST if you agree ! 
Succubi ; they lurk everywhere . 
I love how advice I get from from adults is usually wrong . 
facebook does VIDEO CALLS ?! 
The year : 2008 // Relationship status : Single // Location : Swanton // Best thing that happened : It was my last school year at MVU . // Worst thing that happened : First break up and my grandfather's death . // Like my status and I'll give you a year 
right now , it feels like nobody would notice if i disappeared for good . 
So I kind of want to run away for a few days and not talk to anyone . 
alone , as fucking usual ... 
I just wanna get stoned and play some rock band . 
just got my ticket to see Taking Back Sunday motherfucker . 
I wish I wasn't always your last resort . 
To put it nicely , I hope you choke . 
NYC Policemen and Firefighters are not invited to the 10th Anniversary of 9/11 at Ground Zero ( due to a \lack of room \") ...... They weren't invited on that day in 2001 either . THEY JUST SHOWED UP AND DID THEIR JOB . ( AND LOST MANY BROTHERS AND SISTERS ON THAT DAY ) . Please Re-post if you think they belong more than the politicians who are invited . " 
Deactivating my Facebook soon , probably . No one cares that I'm on here , and I'm sick of wasting my time . 
Fails of owning a smartphone : If I deactivate my Facebook , I lose almost ALL of my contacts . Fuck . My . Life . 
I'm ugly , like if you disagree , if you're not scared put this as your status and see how many likes you get .? 
if anyone wants to < PROPFEMALE > out let me know . 802.393.5266 
$900 to repair my car . Sad part is , my windshield defroster and AC still will not work . 
I need someone to < PROPFEMALE > out with . 
You're at a strip club , use the first eight people on your friends list in your profile ! \ 
The pole dancer : < PROPFIRST > Dalley\ 
Bartender : < PROPFIRST > Austin\ 
Your wing man/woman : < PROPFIRST > LaClair\ 
Person who tries to get you drunk : < PROPFEMALE > Davis\ 
Person to get kicked out of the club : < PROPFIRST > Fortin\ 
Hottest person in the room : < PROPMALE > Lindsay\ 
Drunk person in the corner : < PROPFEMALE > St Denis\ 
Person that gets arrested : < PROPFIRST > Smith 
Please copy and post this as your status even if just for a few minutes , if you know someone who is alive because you can't afford a hitman . 
Can today just be over , please ? 
why are all men such jerks ? 
Give me everything you've got now ; I don't feel a single thing . Drag me out into the cold rain ; let it hover over me . 
Today is my first attempt at going completely numb . 
Just curious ... For those of you who know me ... What's my personality like ? 
can i just fall asleep and not wake up , please ? 
I guess I'll be drinking from this bottle alone tonight </3 . 
Can someone just make me feel like a fucking < PROPFEMALE > today ? I haven't had a day like that in ages . 
I miss the days when it was just me , < PROPFEMALE > Hobkirk , and < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > , hanging out in the hallway before school started . 
Idk man , I just wanna hug . 
If anyone wants to < PROPFEMALE > out let me know , as I do not have a life . 
pull the trigger and the nightmare stops . 
Four wine coolers and still barely feeling anything . 
haha , i might be homeless in the next year ! GREAT ! 
doing horrible in college , might not have a home this spring , looking for a new job , having social life issues , yeah , life ain't too fucking good right now . 
the last two days have been amaaazing . (: 
come play darts with me ! 
