RootBeeR !!!! 

Food !!! 
Wow ! Dude 4th of July most awesome holiday ever !!!! God Bless America ! Enjoy your holiday weekend or we will find you ! 
Sunday ?!! What and the heck happened to Saturday !! :( 
just came back from indoor skydiving ! man that stuff was HARD !! bt Funn as all get out !! 
Dude just get back from explorin ' < PROPMALE > the colleges here are great !! and very SHINEY !! 
Goin ' in 1 mre day(mixd feelings about coming home ) .... 
Leavin ' Colorado @ 6:40 pm !! Back in Hopeless again !! 
bout to get on the plane @ 3:46 pm !!! 
At the watermelon festival sellin ' bows :( need sum friends out here NOW !! 
Bord as < PROPMALE > get out !! 
Tird of everthing ! Dnt knw y tho . 
YOu beTter waTch OuT EvEryBody gettiN ' Sick !! Of BORdoM !! 
I like Dreamin ' its the only fun i have bt i dnt like sleepin'!! figure that 1 out !! 
Too much hmewrk !! Help me my brain just fried !! 
its gunna be a good weekend !! 
At Bethnie's party its awesome !! 
Between school , homework , weddings , and repairing and overlaying bridges for my eagle project ! I dont even have time to talk to myself !!! :<( 
hoping to get done with all this homework !!! 
A sad but proud day happened today . A boy has went to see the Lord and ALL HIS GRACE ! Troop 5 of Caddo Area Council put on a honoryable funneral for the 11 year old boyscout . An American Flag that was flown over the U.S. Capitial building was sent to the Hope , Arkansas to honor our fallen scout . Pray for the Malone family as they go through this tough time . We will miss < PROPMALE > Malone ! 
Bored !!!! 
So Bored !! 
Just got home an hour ago yecks didn't mean too be so late ! :( but I had fun lots of great pictures ! :) 
Thatz az good az itz going to get ! 
Jeff : Babba J , do you have a drinking problem ?! \ 
Babba J : No , I think I got it all figured out ! :) 
is beastin ' at the kinect for xbox :) I still hate xboxes ! Got stupid school in the morning :( 
Crap !! Can't find my phone again ?! 
Got 2 much homework help me :( @ mcdonalds 
Goin ' so fast , I hope something hits me to slow me down ! Just Hope its soft !! 
All my x's are movin ' to texas !!!! Yea , < PROPMALE > !!! 
THE POWELL FAMILY IS UP NOW !!! 
Missin ' everybody !! Last high school year can't believe its come !! 
This is my fackbook < PROPFEMALE>'s birthday !! HAPPY BIRTHDAY !! 
Help me these kids won't stop fightin ' :( 
Considerin ' goin ' 2 da movies Friday 2 c Airbender wit friend !! We will c . 
Annoyed ): / 
Ready to take my test 4rm the college hope I do good 
Can't wait ... time is killin ' me ..... I just can't wait to see a certain friend of mine :) 
I did good on my test passed the readin ' section but I'm confused on how I did that ! 
had fun with a certain friend ! Can't wait to see certain friend again ! :) 
is sore , tired , and needs sleep ! Watermelon festival is horrible for him because he did nothing but work ! He would also like to say sorry to certain friend for acting like a jerk ! Even tho he knows certain friend won't care one freakin ' bit !!! Oh Congrats Troop 5 for making it through the endweek with minor problems . GOD BLESS < PROPFEMALE > ! 
When life gives you lemos you make lemoade but , what do you do when life punches you in the face and keeps whaling ? What do you do fight back or just wait for a miracle to save you ! When you do fight back and you aint making no head what do you do ? This is a teenage life for most ! We fight so hard but , just end up right where we were before just a lot more sore and broken . GOD BLESS THE AMERICAN DREAM ! 
Life sucks and then there's PIE ! GOD BLESS < PROPFEMALE > 
Dang freakin ' school is tomorrow :( 
IS VERY MAD RIGHT NOW BECAUSE OF NEW RULES THAT AIN'T IN THE HANDBOOK !! < PROPMALE > THINKS OUR PRINCPLE IS NEEDING TO RETHINK HIS POSTION ON HATS ! Other then that I'm good with my class :) Still want my old school back ! I have many more complaints but it would take all night to list them :( 
My togue still has teeth marks in it from this morning ! 
should be feeling good and ready for school but for some reason something I hadn't felt in a long time come ! Its fear and I don't know what I'm fearful of ?! 
The fear will soon turn to Anger and then into confusion ! 
Hating my senior year already ! I dont think anyone will have a good one especially our underclassmen :( I can only hope for the best as things get worse @ Hope High School ! Just hate all the MADE UP RULES ! 
I have a plan for the reform of hope high school hahaha ha :) 
is listenin ' to tainted love ! hehe 
is listenin ' to his theme song \Sexyaback\ " :) " 
is listenin ' to \Just the way you are\ " thats good song ! " 
Little less conversation a little more Action please ! \ 
- < PROPMALE > Presley 
45 Scrappers - 9 Bobcats , I was hoping for a win , but that was no surprise to me ! :( 
Just found my phone , now who can I text ! 
Anyone need some thoughts got plenty to stare !! 
Stop buying walmart gas it is destorying your engine ! :( Save thousands later instead of pennies now ! 
Well this is for people who don't have Flexfuel engines , otherwise save some pennies ! 
Gone to clean out Truck , my baby needs a tune up ! 
is listenin ' to OneRepublic ! Its awesome and my truck is ready for the road again !!!! :D hehehehehehehehehehehehehe 
Headin to the lake tomorrow for some tan and tubing 
has learned one thing today ! Its that water can bust you in the head no matter how hard headed he Is ! :( Ouch ! Too many times will the same question be answered tomorrow :( 
baby i like it ! oh yes i like it !! I like it ! 
Im so caucasian ! 
Its so painfully how time passes you by without a care ! 
Got to get this Homework done so I can go to that party so I have no worries !! 
Face the Facts we're AWESOME and You can't do nothing about it ! :P Class of 2011 Noone can stop us now !! 
is now using Limewire im a beast !! 
YOU might be a redneck if you push the gas petal instead of the brakes when a nice < PROPMALE > runs out in front of your truck ! 
Obama : D is for Drive which is Democrats and R is for Reverse which is Republicans . Well < PROPMALE > says the democrats are going to drive us into a wall so we need to place to back to Republicans so we can reverse the damage ! \ 
-God Bless < PROPFEMALE > 
Having a hard time founding my truck key :( 
Had a calf sneeze in my face today ! and thats all I got to say about that ! 
needs more time today ! 
Life is like a big puzzle you put it together one piece at a time no one really completes the puzzle just get close to the bigger picture ! 
needing somebody to text :( bored with math homework ! 
you go to school to be smart but when you be smart to the teacher you go to the office ! They need to make up their minds if they want us to be smart or dumb ! Jezz , people its not that hard ! :) 
IS HAVING FLASHBACK ! ITS DRIVIN ' ME NUTTSS ! 
had a lot of fun this weekend to bad it had to end ! 
You might be a RedNeck if you got more people on your wheeler than you have wheels ! 
Got 2 drive mom's car tomorrow :( 
loves music that can hit and make you jump ! 
In a bad mood .... Ready to sock a certain someone in the nose ! :([ = 
is emotional sore ! 
\Say what you mean and mean what you say\ " \ 
I'm so proud , we made it to the top ! Now what ? We're Eagles now we take the next step life ! 
What is LOVE ???!!!! 
I have been in pain so long , i am becoming numb . 
Playing with my new truck speakers in my home system they sound AWESOME ! 
Had fun to night @ the drumline concert ! Awesome ! 
So twisted up ! Im getting stuck in my mess ! :/ On the other hand got friends in my life to pull me out . :) God Bless them all ! 
Just ready for everything to go back to normal ! Hope my truck gets fixed quickly so I drive with baby again . I still got Saturday to look forward to :) 
Wanting to rewind back to Saturday Night ! 
Really feeling down about my truck ! :( 
Got Some Great News About My Baby ! 
Sometimes It best just to keep your mouth shut ! 
\If you don't like the way I drive then stay off the sidewalk \"" 
\Never drive faster than your guardian angel can fly ! \ " well my guardian angel needs to buckle up then :) " 
Just Cheeze it :) 
So much Turkey ! 
Dang it ! Left overs again :( But gotta love that cake afterwards tho ! 
Thoughts filling my head of you but they are only thoughts not you ! 
Oh Yeah =) Its Christmas for < PROPFIRST > now ! HO HO HO < PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
Back in the Saddle Again ! I got my truck/my other baby :) back ! And I must say it looks awesOME ! 
What is Pogonophobia ? 
Dee-Dee get out of my Laboetary ! 
Working on this Isearch paper is so long ! 
For #1008 , the best times i spent were with you ! We never had a boring second of the day when we < PROPFEMALE > around each other . We got each other through some pretty rough times ! Its great to have you as my best friend ! 
For #15 , Great parties & great friends were all the time around you ! So great to have you as a such a Awesome friend . We have known each other for so long its a little fuzzy to think back that far . Funny moments are a constant with you ! :) 
has lost his phone AGAIN ! :( & its dead some where in my house ! 
#247 , I love you to death can't wait to see you again ! And your definitily right it does feel like we have known each other are whole lives ... We had some much fun this summer hope we can have even more soon ! :) 
#270 , Too many fights and even more fun times ! Its good having you around and I really enjoy your comebacks there harlious . You need to hurry up with that license but don't grow up to fast . A lot such at my age but its still fun ! :) 
is in depressed mood & doesn't know why ?! 
Yeah , keep talking ! Mute ........... Now where did I put my headphones ! 
Got to do DISHES !!! :( 
My favorite time of the day when I wake up and see a text from you saying , \Good Morning Babe ! ;) \"" 
Can't wait for tomorrow , its going to be like Christmas ! 
I'm so over dosed because of her right now ! This much LOVE can't be healthy !! :) 
The greatest man in History , Jesus , had no servants , yet they called Him Master , had no degree , yet they called Him Teacher , had no medicines , yet they called Him Healer , had no army , yet kings feared Him , won no military battles , yet He conquered the world , committed no crime , yet they crucified Him ... He was buried in a tomb , yet He lives today . Repost if you truly believe He is the Reason for the Season ! 
is pulling another all nighter ! :( 
The world is God's pie and your something he add to make sweet ! 
is not all that excited about Christmas for some reason ... 
is not in a good mood but < PROPFEMALE > Christmas anyway & good night everybody .... 
Yay . Christmas . wake up . get up . walk to the kitchen . make coffee . wait for dad to setup the camera . wait in the kitchen so he can get my reaction . the first thing i see is this freakin xbox . i glad my NEW tool set was sitting next to it or i would have went back to bed ! yay . Christmas . Yeah , im a party pooper right now :( ! but hey NEW tool set :) 
Had fun last Night with my babygirl and my awesome cousins ! Little Fockers was HIGH-lious ! 
For my three greatest friends that have been with me since the beginning which was bout 6th grade ! We look back as Seniors and see the time fly by and it pains us as it makes us laugh and cry ! The time we come to our Y in the road is going to hurt the most ! God Bless I love you girls for helping me through those and these times ! :) 
Day was alright I guess , I'm glad i got lunch with someone very special , now ! 
Edge of my seat & stomach in knots ! Dang it Hogz ! :( Lost by this much ! __ 
Yay !! No School for HOPE High School ! :P 
Did Any one else hear that is Facebook Shutting Down - March 15 \ 
- < PROPFIRST > Zuckerberg announced that Facebook will be shut down in March . Managing the site has become too stressful ... 
Those IDIOTS who made those tests for trucks need to drive a truck because obiviously they never drove a chevy before all they got my on is Fords and Dogdes ! I mean come on man i need a beast and something that looks Awesome ! 
needs a fill tank of gas so he can ride around & clear his head of all this crap , He is coming up with ! 
' s baby needs a bath ! She is so dirty right now stupid rain & snow ! 
ATTENTION EVERYONE : ( Mono voice ) OH MY GOSHHH !! 
You don't know what you have until you lose it ! 
Joke of the Day : Where do you find a dog with no legs ?.......... 
OH MY GOD ! My phone speakers just blew !! because of a message from a certain person ! :) 
Ugh ! Snow , snow go away come again another day ! Preferably next year ! :/ I have had enough snow ! 
What's uh Bieber ? \ 
-Ozzy Osbourne 
You can scream to the world that you love it but , I'm just going to text mine ! :) 
ACT test in the morning ! UGH !!! HOPE , I do good . I need a calculator !!!! 
, would like to thank God for a beautiful ANGEL , he sent me ! God BLESS America ! :) 
I wish I could go back in time with all of my knowledge that I have at 18 and put it in my 13 year old self ! Now , that would be one crazy joker ! :) 
So many e-mails about scholarships !!! :) 
Democrats or Republicans , they are people and they ALL make mistakes but they need to stand up and be honest ! We want < PROPFEMALE > back ! < PROPFEMALE > is NOT the land of Greed but the land of Opportunity , God bless Can we be that land ! Once we were a powerful nation that believed that you work for you get ! Not for the quickest dollar to cheat , steal , or get given to ! Its time to hold our ground , and push this evil back ! 
I want to yell I love ya to my world , but I better wait until morning because she is a sleep right now ! :) 
Lets go check on some Japs ! :) 
Awesome Night at < PROPFEMALE > with my gorgeous lady :) Wish I could have stayed longer but got some where to be in the morning ! 
Ok ... Can't sleep stupid cold or whatever this is messing up my spring break ! Anyway in Yellville , AR in an awesome cabin in the morning going fishing and then going into some cavarns ! We MIGHT be home in hope , AR by 7 maybe ? I hope sooner :) God Bless < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Words are a powerful thing so use them wisely or someone could get hurt ! 
