What the frap ! How am I supposed to be at work and school at the same time ? 

Today was a good day ! Black in July is ready to perform tomorrow at Battle of the Bands and we have an awesome new song :D And I st < PROPMALE > ed my < PROPMALE > project for AP drawing and it's coming along pretty well haha . 
Wow . I finished my oil paintings of grapes that I've been working on since summer , turned it in to get framed , practiced the violin for an hour , the piano for an hour , and worked on my painting for AP drawing ! What a productive day ! :D 
Weird . I might move into my sister's room and I'm actually excited about it . It will be like having a sleepover every single night ! 
This musical will be the death of me ! I'm so tired ! 
Hurrah for oreos ! 
Ummm .... okay ? Mood swings like crazy today . :/ haha 
had an absolutely fantastic birthday ! Thanks to everyone who made it such a great day ! :) 
Prom was totally fantastic ! :D 
Sweet . I got a music scholarship at snow ! :) 
I wish I had a puppy ! 
I do wish i were a boy sometimes . Girls have so many emotions , it's confusing ! 
Use big words . It confuses people . 
Writing stuff down makes you feel so much better ! 
senior pics tomorrow ! :) and a new laptop ! :) so happy ! 
Soooo boooooreduhh ! 
well , time to rip the bandaid off ! 
I loved < PROPFIRST > Hood ! Thanks for coming with me < PROPFEMALE > :D 
I love the song my band is working on . It's sounding better and better ! :D go Black In July ! wooh ! lol 
I am so happy ! I'm finally getting more shifts at work ! :D work = $$$$$ !!!!! 
Three days until that wretched movie comes out .... 
I think the best part of that screening of Eclipse tonight was the < PROPMALE > Potter preview for this November . :D Can't wait ! 
It a funny thing about life ; if you refuse to accept anything but the best , you very often get it . 
the last airbender was blah ! horrible acting . 
I'm having a sleepover ... on a trampoline ! Aren't you jealous ? ;) 
feeling sad . :( Pray for me ! 
You know you're bored when you start taking random quizzes on facebook .... 
Weeeeiiird ! I forgot what he looks like . 
< PROPFEMALE > Bear is definitely my favorite CareBear ! lol 
I love my friends !! You are all so awesome ! :D 
I think you know what I'm getting at . I find it so upsetting that the memories that you select , you keep the bad but the good you just forget . 
I just moved into my gone-away-brother's room ;D Lovin ' the extra space ! 
Batman ... why are you so amazingly gorgeous ??? 
Work was fun tonight ! I love holidays ' cause I get to see everyone . :D 
Hopefully he'll finally get the hint . Goodness ! 
I love the song \Heartless\ " by Kanye West . It is greatly fantastic ! \ 
? The years would go by and she'd love someone else , and I'd realize I hadn't been loved yet myself ....? 
I had a lot of fun at my family reunion ! :D Lots of good times ! 
Going college shopping today with < PROPFEMALE > ! :D 
I should go to bed ... I really should .... but I'm having so much fun with my webcam ! 
I'm putting streaks in my hair ! O.o I'm scared !! 
Jelly beans ! I love them so much ! Except for the coffee ones . They are gross . 
two weeks today people ! 
NOOOOOOO ! I just broke my guitar string !!!!!!!!!!!!! :'( 
I finally go ATVing and what happens ? I crash , of course . :P 
I really like my new apartment and my roommates . And these bananas taste fantastic ! :D 
Exciting news ! :D I made into symphony orchestra and chamber orchestra , and to top it all off I have < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > as my new violin teacher ! ( He's a member of the Utah Symphony ) 
I'm having a Relient K craving ! 
\Get your own white people ! \"" 
K , there's a reason people are never friends with their ex's . 
Last night my roommies and I made a huge fort ! I'm telling you , it's massive ! You should come over and see it . It will blow your mind away . 
Ah ! So excited for Juilliard tonight ! Their jazz band is going to play at Snow . :D :D 
I think I'm gonna get a 4.0 this semester ! The end . 
Don't you love it when half naked men jump up on your porch and scream ? That seems to happen a lot here . 
< PROPFIRST > just emailed me !!!!!! I am SOOOO excited ! :D It's been too long since I've heard from him . He comes home in six months ! :D :D :D 
? I'm bored of your love , I'm bored of your face , I'm bored of your random all over the place attitude . I'm bored of you . ? 
? I don't wanna dance , so don't you ask me , babe . I don't wanna dance . You blew your < PROPMALE > to rock my night away . I want some fun . Boy , you're so not the one . I don't wanna dance , so let it go . You'll never take me home . Take me home . \ 
? 
Every day the Snow football team blasts their music so loud that I can hear it when I'm INSIDE of my apartment . I have nothing against them , but dang ! Could you turn your music down ? 
So this really attractive guy tried to add me as a friend , so as I was looking at his info and guess what ? He's kind of a professional stripper . Can you say BARF ?? \ 
It would be really nice if there weren't so many creepers in the world . 
It's nice to be in South < PROPFIRST > again . :D I get to see my cat , Oreo , and tonight I will actually eat real food ! 
The circus was awesome ! 
I'm trying to think of some songs to learn on the guitar . What's your favorite song ? 
We are playing < PROPFEMALE > Wars in symphony !!!!!!!!!!!!!! :D Happiness abound ! 
I know these brownies aren't mine ... but they look so tempting .... if he really wanted them he would come get them , right ? 
It feels so good to not care anymore . I feel so free now ! Sometimes I just have to smile . 
does anyone own the first season of Glee ? I've heard it's amazing , and so I decided that I should give it a try . 
Don't think that you can come back into my life that easily . After all , it's you who chose to leave . Where were you for the last three years ? 
Never make brownies without measuring . They're weird . 
is looking at schools in Australia . Crickey mate ! 
My books came into today . :) I'm starting Hunger Games . 
I got my church calling as one of the FHE group leaders , which basically means I have to help plan FHE . The only problem is , Monday nights I have class . :/ 
The Hunger Games was AMAZING ! Tomorrow I'll start the second one ' cause I know if I start now I won't go to bed til 2:00 in the morning .... 
peach fresca ! 
My sonata is memorized for class piano . BAM ! I am good ! 
I love my dad ! Today we went to the Manti < PROPFEMALE > to do baptisms , then out to dinner , and he even bought my groceries . :D 
heh heh ... that was quite satisfactory to me . I hope you saw it . beh heh heh ... xD 
? You better lose yourself in the music the moment you own it , you better never let it go . You only get one shot , do not miss your < PROPMALE > to blow . This opportunity comes once in a lifetime . ? xD 
ready to go back to Ephraim . 
4 months ago today . I'm feeling stronger than ever ! While it was painful and almost unbearable to go through , thank you , because now I'm a better , happier person . No bitter feelings toward you . I hope someday you can do the same for me . :D 
What the heck ?? Are you serious ????? 
Obama likes redheads ! 
I cannot for the life of me fall asleep ! It's been two hours . Grr ! I give up . 
this has officially been the awkwardest Sunday night ever ! 
< PROPFIRST > emailed me ! That means this day is going to be good . :D 
Winners never quit ; quitters never win . 
Are you out of your Vulcan mind ?! 
Totally biffed it up the stairs this morning . Yeah , wasn't that a beautiful sight to behold . 
blah !!!!! lfjaslfasflsjdfls jflsdj fkladsjfs 
I'm sick of people who take advantage of other people . They are losers . 
I just finished my paper and will now go downstairs to hangout with the lovely B6 boys ! xD 
Tomorrow I'm going to drive my car ! :D I miss my baby . 
So someone told me today that they don't care if they offend people . Does anyone else find that a little shallow ? 
Next semester is going to be bomb ! I'm taking private guitar lessons through Snow . :D 
Today was a great Thanksgiving ! I got to see lots of people that I haven't seen in a long time . 
Next Summer will be great ! Maybe then my emotions won't be played with ... HINT HINT * sigh * 
Goodbye my almost lover ! 
So today I'm registering for classes . :) I can't decide if I want to take oceonography or forensic science ... I don't know anything about either so it would be cool to learn a little . hmm ... 
I just wanted you all to know that I have six matches on eHarmony.com! 
Cereal . 
booooreduhm . That about sums it up . 
Over 2500 left handed people a year are killed from using products made for right handed people 
I feel like a freakin ' genius ! My computer is alive again ... thanks to ME ! :D 
< PROPFIRST > called today . :) 
Today my nephew gave me a blue piggy bank for Christmas . So cool . :) 
My date was so much fun ! Thanks for taking me , < PROPFIRST > . xD 
is listening to her new screamo music . 
OH MY FREAKING HECK ! They're making a Monster's Inc 2 !!! Yeah , that is the best news I've heard since the time I heard they are making another Batman . 
OHHHH MY GOSH !!!!!! They are talking about making a < PROPFEMALE > Wars 7 and 8 , BUT they're not going to be about the Skywalkers . NOOOOOOOO !!!!!!!! 
I love twix bars , reese's pieces , and rollo's . That is all . 
LOVED my guitar lesson this morning ! I'm learning a new song called Angel's Song by Sevendust . :D Very cool . 
I hate how dating ruins perfectly good friendships . 
BEST day EVER ! hehe the unthinkable just happened and it made my life a whole lot easier ! :D 
Thanks to everyone for the Birthday wishes ! :) I love you all ! 
I LOVE LOVE LOVE institue . Also , I am excited for my forensics science class tonight . :) 
is listening to Relient K's new song . :) Best band ever . If you haven't heard of them , get a life ! ;P 
Pun of the day : My teeth aren't sensitive , but they have fillings just like everybody else . ( < PROPMALE > Thiessen ) hehehe love this guy . 
Dang . Just found some notes he gave me back in the day . What a great way to bring all the memories and the pain back ! * rolls eyes 
\Pretend I'm getting butterfly wings . Auhhh ... \ " - < PROPFEMALE > Schofield\ 
Teaching my dad how to use facebook . This is going to be a looooong night .... 
I feel very healthy . Lunch today consisted of a banana smoothie , salad , and grapes . :) 
I love new technology and things like facebook and blogs . It's great hearing how all my missionary friends are doing . :) Love you all ! \ 
P.S. < PROPFIRST > comes home in TWO months ! 
Happiest day of my life ! I just found orange juice in the fridge that i forgot i bought last saturday . 
I love new music . What are everybody's favorite songs ? 
Had SOOO much fun tonight ! Made some mini donuts with < PROPFEMALE > , who we all know , is pretty much amazing . 
Last night was amazing . I got to hangout with some pretty incredible people and play a really fun game , followed with seeing < PROPMALE>'s puppies , being asked on a date , and talking to him . Yeah , I'm a fan . 
Since it is finally February I can now say that my brother is coming home NEXT MONTH ! :) 
Pretty excited for my date tonight , yo ! 
EVERYONE READ THIS ! My brother comes home on March 23rd ! :D he he 
So excited for the game today ! Wish I could go though . Jimmer is so fun to watch . 
Bieber's haircut is aMAZING ! hahaha 
I have been waiting for Wednesday to come for sooooooo long ! Since like ... Saturday O.o \ 
BYU is going to kick New Mexi's trash . :D hehe 
When the infomercials come on you know it's time to go to bed .... 
Three reasons why today , yes Wednesday , rocks :\ 
1 ) Exactly three weeks until < PROPFIRST > comes home ! \ 
2 ) Julliard's jazz band is down here at Snow , and they're awesome . \ 
3 ) BYU plays tonight ! :D :D :D 
I still believe in you , Jimmer ! 
Last night was awesome ! I saw Collinsworth and Jimmer's girlfriend . I should go to the BYU campus more often . :) 
Sunnyside is a place of ruin and despair , ruled by an evil bear who smells of strawberries ! 
Well < PROPFEMALE>' friends , today I will not be able to smile . Wish me luck at the dentist . :/ 
Saw Bieb's movie today . Not gonna ' lie , it was pretty good . :) That kid has talent . 
JIIIIIIIIMMMMMMMMMMMEEEEEEER !!!!!!!!!!! 52 points ! Way to go ! :D :D :D :D :D 
6 days . 
Up by 7 . Let's keep it this way BYU ! :) 
Did you see that ? DID YOU SEE THAT ?! So proud of my cougs . 
What do people do when they're sick ? What makes you feel better fast ??? 
22 hours ! Feels like Christmas < PROPFEMALE > . XD 
Snow ? Wha- ????? 
Hey now , BYU first , and now Ohio St. ? Well , there goes March Madness . 
Tangled is out on DVD ! Yes , I just bought it . 
Pumpkin pie for breakfast ? Mmmm :) 
