thinks that not every day is a < PROPFEMALE > day , some days you're the pigeon and some days you're the statue . 

cant wait to go to work tomorrow !!! =/ but I get paid on friday =) but its gonna be freakin hot outside ! >=( oh well .... 
had a productive day for a change . Time to put it to an end and do it again tomorrow/today 
loves his webcam and skype . Makes long distance alot easier =) 
now understands why the computer next to that dude was open ! That negro was FunKY !!! = x 
is at the library studyin for the micro exam next tuesday . Wait ! Carlos .... studying early ??? 
is happy class was cancelled ! I wish i would have known ahead of time so i could get that extra hour of sleep ..... oh well 
Today would have been my grandma's 75th Birthday + 20 years of battling breast cancer ... you deserve some rest . Rest in peace 
just finished my paper . What can i say .. im a last minute perfectionist lol 
is in the library once again .... yeah its 2 in the morning ... and ?? 
just got a craving for some mexican food , but i dont think taco < PROPFEMALE > will do it for me this time 
... ughh ... out of all the computers available in the library why does the stinky lady have to sit right next to me ??? 
is appauled ! This dude completely violated the bathroom urinal rule , he even touched my shoe !!! Its every other one and that other urinal was definitely open ! 
.... well a 93 on the government test is cool , but i would love to see that kind of grade in micro 
made it to school in 32 < PROPFEMALE > today , thats a new personal best ! I would like to thank God for keeping me safe , the chevy pit crew , and thanks to all the cops for staying OUT MY WAY !!! 
is about to go smash this government final right quick ! 
.... government MASSACRED .... zoology SMASHED .... english DESTROYED .... who's next ?? Micro ! = 0 ... uhh please be gentle ... 
to read the stupid story or not to read the stupid story ....... ehhhh forget it , where's the summary ?! 
I keep this His word in me so i'm shinin ' all the time ! 
IS APPAULED !!! This lil old man in the locker room went by the sinks in his tighty whities , dropped his underwear and lotioned his butt and his ..... uhhh ya 
I have no idea what celebrity i look like . Suggestions anyone ?? 
You're the pilot of an airplane that travels from New York to Chicago - a distance of 800 < PROPMALE > . The plane travels at 200 MPH and makes one stop for 30 minutes . What is the pilot's name ? 
92-94-93 ....... Big woman or awesome test grades ??? 
That benedryl is kickin in hard ........ goodnight 
Stay at UT Arington or go to UH Clear Lake ??? Hmmm ....... 
I can't find my lucky pencil and my test starts in 16 < PROPFEMALE > =( 
COME ON DOWN ! You're the next contestant on the Price Is Right !! 
Public service announcement : I know its warm outside and ppl are starting to wear open toe shoes . Please make sure to WASH YOUR FEET LOTION THEM REGULARLY ! Thank you and have a nice day 
LMBO ! Dude i saw you try to \discretely\ " shake that wedgie out !! I aint mad at you though " 
By your powers combined , I am Captain Planet ! 
is in love with the new 5 Gum React !!! It sends chills down my spine , try it ! =) 
Ya , i almost tripped and fell on my face , but when i kept on walking like nothing happened i wasnt tryna play it off I JUST DONT CARE =P 
Lmbo ! That big lady fell spinning the wheel on price is right 
is going to jail ...... I just murdered another exercise science test with my 98 . See yall when i get out =P 
Wait how in the world did I end up at a workshop for mime ??? If it's GOD'S WILL i'll just say ....... YES !!! 
Laugh if you want , but IM PROUD TO BE A MAMA'S BOY !!! 
They're magically delicious ! 
Ever turn the ceiling fan on high and try to follow 1 of the blades ....... yep doin that till i fall asleep 
Not every day is a < PROPFEMALE > day , some days you're the pigeon , and some days you're the statue .... 
Well ... got a biostat final in the morning . I guess i'll start studying =/ 
So what's the difference between hashbrowns and tator tots ?? 
is waiting to take this freakin ochem lab final so i can get outta here ! Then it's goodbye to UTA forever MUAHAHAHAHAHA !!!!! 
Somebody just TRY to keep me from thanking God !!! ALL A'S this semester =O 
Why is there a baby car seat in the back of that school bus ??? 
Think ima go to the gym for a lil while ...... ya sounds like a good idea 
went in to < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > for an application and came out with 2 shirts ...... smh . I shouldnt try to work there 
Is about to go slap EVERYBODY at HEB cuz this watermelon right here is off da chain !!! 
I really feel like we ministered today through mime . With all the applause , all the encouragement , and all the love shown to us . Most of them dont even know my name but as long as they see the God in me and my love for Him that's just fine with me .... =) 
I need to make a public service announcement ! Guys ( and girls ) riding motorcycles , i know its hot out here and you dont want to wear those hot jackets and that's cool . BUT you know your shirt flies up so if your back is NASTY , HAIRY , PIMPLELY , SAGGY , or all of the above PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE TUCK YOUR SHIRT IN !!! Thank you and ride safely 
There's gonna be a HANGOVER 2 ??? YES !!!!!! 
Public service announcement : This is for parents .... If your child is able to unzip or unbuckle the diaper bag , find the package of diapers , hand one to you , and communicate that they are in need of a diaper change ..... IT MAY BE TIME TO START POTTY TRAINING !!! \ 
Thank you and good luck 
just learned how to make salmon croquettes ! Its on now =) 
Saved a life today by giving blood . All in a days work =) 
is taking intro to psychology online . It's cool not having to go in , but for someone who's never been great with time management this could be a disaster = 0 
So i go to get a new battery , thinkin its gonna be free under warranty . That thing cost $155 when i only had $120 ! BUT GOD sent a lil old lady named MRS . < PROPFEMALE > SMITH to the dealership , and she PAID IT ALL for me bc she said she could tell i was a nice young man . SOMEBODY TRY TO TELL ME GOD DONT TAKE CARE OF HIS CHILDREN !!! PRAISE HIM !!!!!!! 
I wish i had a belt to whip the PARENT of this lil girl runnin around in the bank like its a playground and they talkin loud on the phone while rockin a crying baby ! GET YOUR KID LADY ! 
just finished grillin some fajitas for my ladies =) 
It's hard sleeping with this weight on my chest night after night , and trying to lift it off will leave me weak and vulnerable . But i guess the peace of mind is worth a few potential broken ribs 
I won't be there for Sex In The City at Bible Way tomorrow night ..... but between my front row buddies Natandra McGill . < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > I EXPECT GOOD NOTES ! 
Ughh , this the kinda heat that make people just walk around lookin pissed off ! I swear i just saw the devil at Sonic gettin a Route 44 oz slushy !!! 
On my way back home from < PROPFIRST > . Buf i swear some of these ppl on the road bout to bring the \Houston\ " out of me !!! " 
enjoys remembering something funny and cracking up ! I slay me lol 
Double decker PB & J and a tall wet glass of ice cold milk with 1 ice cube after a great work out ........... =D 
Ha ! My lil sis is driving ME around ......... and she's not half bad 
got the new Trip Lee-\Between Two Worlds\ " .......... FIRE ! Cant wait for Lecrae's new one to drop at the end of the month ! " 
was just strangled by this dude's foul breath ! I couldnt breathe ! 
Did I go by school supplies ?? Uhhh no , I still have some paper left in my notebook from last semester and a binder thats not falling apart yet . I'm good ! 
just got back home from my plyo and ab workout ...... and i dont want to get out the car lol . I must have been posessed when i came up with that ! 
starting to really try to remember if i put my windows all the way up ...... i usually do ...... i hope i did ..... water is gonna rush out my door when i open it ..... i gotta pee ..... i dont want to run all the way out there durin my break just to see them up ...... ughh 
Be ye transformed , not be ye affirmed ! Truth hurts but you got to make that change 
Public service announcement : Good evening , it has come to my attention that the v-neck shirt is making a come back . However , if you ( men and hopefully not women ) choose to wear this style of shirt and YOUR CHEST OR BACK HAIR HANGS OUTSIDE OF YOUR SHIRT (!!!) PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE SHAVE or REDUCE the amount of hair in that region ! Thank you and God bless 
I work out with < PROPFIRST > A . Humphries and he is the greatest work out partner/trainer i could ever ask for . I have become stronger , a little leaner , and i owe all future results to him 
Guys ! Especially when women and children are present , we need to do a better job of being discrete when we \adjust \"" 
There should probably be a height requirement for police officers and security guards ....... some ppl just arent that intimidating without a loaded gun aimed at you 
If yall see me on the news in a high speed < PROPMALE > holding someone hostage , dont worry ...... I just want to ride the HOV ! Traffic got ya boy desperate ! 
Anatomy = further proof that only an omnipotent and omniscient God created us because this stuff is complicated ! Evolution my gluteus ! 
Sittin in class ... I feel like < PROPFIRST > Brown listening to this professor right now ... 
Come on now ppl , ima need yall to chill out with the accidents on 45 in the morning ! Im not feelin this getting up earlier to be on time #Mr . Snooze 
Its hard playing the \$ . 00 click game\ " at the gas pump when each click is $1.37 ! #all -madden " 
Too many times we suffer as we wait for our situation to change , yet it may be the situation that is waiting for US to change ! #GottaGrow ! 
