is going to see to it that this day is good :) Even after having Wal-Mart nightmares all night long ...... geesh 

trying to decide what to get < PROPMALE > for his birthday . 
is waiting for the cake to cool off then on with the frosting ! 
had another Guitar Hero arse whoopin by the eldest child . Why do I set myself up for these things ? Next time I get to pick the competition and it's going to be a scrapbooking contest !!!! HAhaha ! Take that ! 
is in love with sushi . Sushi in my belly . Mmmmmmm ! 
is enjoying a visit with the folks . 
cant ' decide how to spend this day . 
is looking forward to enjoying a delicious roast on this rainy , dreary day . 
has a pookie Lukie mini-man ! 
is enjoying a nice cup of coffee and an apple fritter , after sleeping in ..... wayyyyy in ! 
This will thicken the juices to make the sauce . 
needs to find my motivation . Anybody seen it ? It's probably stuck to the bottom of a shoe . 
Yay for Hiawatha ! I met some very cool people this weekend at the hippie-fest . Fun :) 
is pretty sure that dirty Hiawatha stained feet don't ever actually become clean again . Wait .... I haven't tried boiling them or bleaching them yet ! 
Thanks for all of the birthday wishes ! I feel so loved ! 
wishes my little vacation didn't have to come to an end ! 
needs to relax with some wine and laugh a little ;) 
fell in love with a < PROPFEMALE > today . 
I believe so and I'll be ready to kick some ass too ! Actually we both know that's not true . I go for the social part and just end up talking and missing the questions anyway ! HA ! But that still doesn't change the fact that I'll be there , unless I\m sno " 
OOPS . Yep , I had some wine . And it was good . Yum . Wine . Oh ..... and < PROPFEMALE > , that last status was actually my reply to you . Yum . Wine . Mmmmm ..... hehehe 
enjoyed an evening with the folks . Made indian curry food for dinner and it was delicious ! Too bad I can't make naan to go with it . I've tried , and it wasn't pretty . 
would rather do just about anything other than go grocery shopping ! 
is enjoying a lazy day . 
is hoping that the kids sleep in ! 
it's time to get crackin'! 
woke to the soothing sounds of a jackhammer this beautiful morn . 
wonders if a bloody < PROPFIRST > counts as a meal , and if so , can a lemon drop be dessert ? 
wants to crawl back in bed and just not do Wednesday . 
is looking forward to new experiences :) 
drove a semi truck off a mountain < PROPMALE > in my dream last night . Very eerie , but don't get to excited because it was JUST a dream ! 
is still marveling at all of the amazing experiences from this weekend . 
wishes that the cleaning fairies would drop by ;) 
has all the time in the world to do housework today , but for some strange reason that's the last thing on my mind !! 
< PROPFEMALE > has been asking how babies are made lately , and since I've been avoiding the subject she found a new way to ask .... \What are babies made out of ? \ " .... AAAAAHHH !!! " 
added a furry little beast to the family today :) 
wishes all of the first day of school goers a great start to a new school year ! 
can't believe how much paperwork the kids bring home from school ! 
my baby is 7 years old today !! I can't believe it . If I could just pause time for awhile .... and then maybe fast forward thru the teenage years ;) 
is bored and lonely with the kids gone to their Dad's . :( 
ready ....... set ....... motivate !! Darn , it didn't work . 
turning negative into positive isn't always easy , but is definitely always worth trying . 
needs tried and true tips for house training a puppy . Please ! Help me ! 
is so proud of < PROPMALE > for scoring his first goal in a soccer tournament !! And he turns 12 tomorrow , holy cow . 
believes in leprechauns . There is no other explanation for the various little items that have been disappearing around here ! 
does not think it's fair to be getting zits at age 31 !! Puberty was bad enough . 
is not a fan of drastic weather changes . Can't we have a gradual change of seasons ?? 
needs to be lifted up . Not physically , duh ! 
found out tonight that puppies like tootsie pops ! 
is headed in to 45 degrees with rain , and a coughing boy who has two soccer games in this crappppp ! 
is gearing up for a long drive , and a very educational weekend in Bay City . 
Anybody know any awesome tricks that will get rid of woodpeckers ?? 
is a stupid head . 
Can't believe it's December already ! Man time flies when you get old :) 
all I want for Christmas is gold front teeth :) 
is enjoying the Wii Fit . It's fun ! I wonder if there is a Wii Kung Fu ? 
just realized I've been hibernating and missing out on all kinds of interesting developments with friends , and such . 
is putting on my rubber gloves ...... to go return bottles ! Gross . 
PLEASE DON'T OPEN ANY LINKS FROM ME SENT AS A MESSAGE !! Several people have brought it to my attention . I did NOT send this message and it contains a virus ! Please don't open it !!!! How can this happen ? And what do I do about it ?? Help !!? 
.... think I've done everything I can to stop this dang phishing or hacking bull pucky !!! How annoying , and I feel so bad that some jerk used my account to send viruses to MY friends . I am so sorry to anyone who may have opened this link and expreienced problems :( 
This is such a bunch of crap !!! I'm deleting my account , because after changing my password and doing everything facebook says I need to do ...... messages are still being sent from my account but NOT by me . So , that's that . I'm out . I\m pissed . grrrrrrr :( Pick on someone else !!!!! " 
wish I could justify not doing all of this housework so that I could play outside in the sun . Stuff just has to get done . 
Everyone has pooped in a bucket at least once . 
is just plain overwhelmed by it all . 
...... let the packing begin . 
hath returned . 
is chillin ' with some rice paddy , and I realize that posting this is likely to cause much jealousy , but I don't care because I'M EATING RICE PADDY !!!! hehe love you all :) 
should probably go to bed sometime , eh ? 
is exhausted , frustrated , achy , and maybe a little pinch of resentful . 
happy Sunday everyone ! 
had to copy and paste this one ! So lemme get this straight , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is getting his 8th divorce , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > is possibly getting married for a 9th time , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and Tiger Woods are screwing EVERYTHING , yet the idea of same-sex marriage is what is going to destroy the institution of marriage ?? REALLY ??... Feel free to copy and paste if you agree ! 
hangin ' out with Pookie :) 
is not very good at supressing frustration . Somethings about to hit the fan ...... 
jsut can't seem to get warm this evening . No fever , but chillllls ........ 
it's a beautiful day ! But very W I N D Y ..... I could fly my dog like a < PROPFEMALE > in this wind ! 
it's a beautiful day ! But very W I N D Y ..... I could fly my dog like a kite in this wind ! 
it's a beautiful day ! Then why am I so dang grumpy ?? 
worried about my Nashville peeps ...... 
is hoping for some sweet a$$ zombie dreams tonight ! 
Being a NURSE means you < PROPFEMALE > immense responsibility & very little authority ... you step into people's lives & make a difference ... some bless you , others curse you ... you see people at their worst & best ... you see life begin & end ... you see people's capacity for love , courage , & endurance . ? IT'S NURSES APPRECIATION WEEK ? REPOST IF YOU ARE A NURSE , LOVE A NURSE , AND/OR APPRECIATE A NURSE 
does it mean I'm getting old if I get excited about buying new kitchen towels and a new tea kettle ?? 
enjoyed the sunshine and warmth today ! I know there's more where that came from :) 
is hunting for the perfect outdoor swing for the deck :) 
is it really time to step back into the real world ?? Camping was fun , and all of the adventures that went with it ! Now do we HAVE to go back to school and work ?? Ugh ! 
grrrrr ...... seriously ?? I think I'll go punch myself in the face now . 
TGIF !!!.... oh crap .... I'm on call this weekend . Well , let's hope for quiet :) 
Girls Only ! PR party at my house tonight . Come on all you fabulous girls ! ( Did I mention there will be wine ? ) 
loves that < PROPMALE > has skills with the grill . And he grills for ME ! Yum ! Thanks < PROPMALE > :) I'll have steak tonight .... hehe 
has some little people with NO volume control ! Holy cow , take it down a notch ! Seriously . 
has to admit that exercise feels good . There I said it ! Then again , eating a whole tub of < PROPMALE > & < PROPFIRST>'s feels good too ...... hmmmmm . :) 
Thanks to the Bowers ' for hosting a super fun shin-diggiddy ! 
had a grand day of fun in the sun with < PROPMALE > and the boys :) Why do I always get sunburn on only HALF of my body ? Gosh ! 
wish I could go to Hiawatha this year ! I'm super bummed , but alas , responsibility wins again . Damn it . 
sushi for dinner makes me happy :) 
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes ! It's been a great bday weekend so far , and it's not quite over yet :) 
got a super nifty set of pots and pans for cheap ! And they're yellow :) 
I can actually swim in Lake Superior this year without getting frostbite ! It's pretty amazing :) Thank you global warming !! hahahaha 
does not embrace the feeling of being chopped liver ...... in case you were wondering ! 
...... one step forward ...... two steps back . 
Back to school tomorrow ! I'm currently having a cocktail of different feelings about it . Scared , excited , nervous , intimidated , confident ...... yeah :) 
does NOT know how to study ! I probably should have tried it before this point in my life , but here I am ...... 32 and learning how to be a good student . Please , give me advice if you have it ! 
sending a reminder to all of my facebook friends . Tonight is my purse party ! 6:30 at my house . I hope to see lots of beautiful smiling faces . Yay Friday ! 
thank you to all of the lovely ladies who came to my party tonight ! I enjoyed myself and hope you all did too :) Good night ! 
' s mind is boggled . \ 
\ 
Boggle : to start with fright or amazement : be overwhelmed < the mind boggles at the research needed > 2\ 
: to hesitate because of doubt , fear , or scruples transitive verb1\ 
: mishandle , bungle 2\ 
: to overwhelm with wonder or bewilderment < boggle the mind 
Poop on Monday ! Poop on it ! 
TGIF folks ! 
... bored ........ 
what to do ? 
is this a bad joke ? OR is it really Monday already ? 
worried about this test today ...... I have been studying and I STILL feel so unprepared ! Oh , please let it be easy :) 
just picked up some Hot ' n ' Sour soup from Dr. Aoy at the Rice Paddy clinic . How do you like me now , sinus congestion ??... Huh ?? 
is having a < PROPMALE > chocolate attack ! 
is so excited about my evening plans ! It's going to be zombie-licious and I can't wait !! 
hello day ! * stumbles towards coffee pot * 
just doesn't get it sometimes . 
isn't very good at this homework thing ! 
is amused by facebook . 
needs some new and delicious recipes ! 
.... what a crappy day of disappointment ...... 
dishes , laundry ... then banana bread ! 
Good night y'all! Headed to Bay City in the morn :) 
.... strange ...... 
mmmmm .... the sweet smell of fresh baked banana bread ! 
is SO tired ..... I am sleeping in tomorrow morning no matter what !! Kids , don't break a bone or anything because Mommy will not get up ... please ?! 
is going to see Cheap Trick ! 
is not a fan of pettiness . Especially first thing in the GD morning !!!! 
New York Deli rocked my world tonight !!! Oh - my - YUM !! 
helllllooooooo Friday ;) 
loves cheese ! 
discouraged . 
Monday , you are stupid . 
enjoyed the show at < PROPMALE > Roberts Theatre tonight . Way to go guys ! 
Excited to see the whole fam-damily ! Not looking forward to the drive though . Turkey traffic sucks ! 
trying to get back into the swing of things after a whirlwind trip of worry , tears , reminiscing , and heavy hearts . We laughed , we cried . Rest In Peace Grandma O'connor . 
hoping to get some good news today !!! I made an offer on an amazing house !! Just waiting to get a response now . Oh , and I need to sell my house too ..... details details ... 
wondering what new years resolutions people will be making this year . Anyone wanna share ? 
get me out of this funk !!! 
Today is a REALLY big day !! Signing for my new house !! Just signing an acceptance , but it's still super exciting . Anyone wanna buy my house now so I can make this happen quick ?? Come on ! You know you want it ;) 
I have 3 days to sell my house ! Aaaaaaahhh !!!! 
says \Miracles DO happen \"" 
anyone know where I can get a good deal on a time machine ? I'd love to fast forward to the time where my stuff is already in the new house and unpacked ! 
