Ravens Win ! 

Snow day . Goin fourwheeling 
I just survived driving home . I counted 12 accidents on the way 
Ravens Win ! 21-13 
Ravens run over Patriots 33-14 ! 
Gym , shower , work .. 
In Deep Creek for a ski trip . Be back Monday 
Back home from Deep Creek . Great weekend . 
“The only time you run out of chances is when you stop taking them” 
Where < PROPFIRST > Lynch goes , controversy follows . 
Bye-byes are not for legends . I'm forever young . My name shall survive . 
Gym , work , then maybe Bourbon later . Get at the cell 
Relaxing today . It's been a long weekend . 
General Tso's chicken . 
Breakin necks , cashin checks .. 
Now I'm feeling how I should .. never knew single could feel this good . 
Gym , CPR training , work . 
is learning Kenpo . 
\To be a great champion you must believe you are the best . If you're not 
is ready for the weekend . 
Can't send or receive texts until tommorow . Call if you need me . 
Cruise to the Bahamas ! Be back next week . 
is back ! The cruise was great . Cells back on . 
Thanks for the birthday wishes everybody 
just found a snake in his house and is now trying to get it out . This should be fun . 
Btiches need to stay off my facebook aka < PROPMALE > Daly 
Ravens win ! 17-14 
is in the process of switching phones companies . Hit me up on here if you need me . 
Cells back on . Same number . 
13 : You've been like a brother to me . We've had a lot of good times but more recently bad times . Let's just hope it doesn't continue that way . 
422 : The little sister I never had . No matter how much we change or how many years go by you will always be one of my favorite people 
18 : I'm glad my family met your family . And even though you hate me most of the time , if you ever need anything , I'll always be there for you . 
1169 : I trust very few people in my life and your one of them . You're also one of the funniest people I know . Oh and by the way .. Hello < PROPFEMALE > sucks . 
556 : You are one the best pirates I've ever seen lol and also a pretty cool guy . Don't change anything . 
628 : So much history between me and you . I enjoyed what we had for the most part . You are a great person though and I'm glad your doing good . We have a lot to catch up on . 
456 : I haven't really got the < PROPMALE > to get to know you yet . Bowling was fun . I'm looking forward to hanging out again in the near future . 
696969 : Damn it's been too long . You still have my number right ? Hit me up sometime . 
102590 : We used to get yelled at every day in high school lol . It sucks that we don't talk as much . I miss you kid . 
707 : The other day I found a picture of us back in middle school , haha . I haven't really seen you that much recently besides a party here and there . That needs to change . Tell your mom I said hey . 
5 : So we started off a little shakey but over the years I've come to realize you are a generous person and I appreciate everything you do for me . 
3333 : You are by far the biggest douche that I've ever had the unfortunate pleasure of meeting . That being said .. give me a call soon so we can set up a meeting with some shots .. even though your drinking overall is only a 75 . 
5432 : Working together was fun and you're really cool to talk to . Expect an info call soon . 
6969 or 1991 : Rite Aid was definitely more entertaining with you there . Your hair looks good that way too . 
1219 : \Ghost hunting\ " was fun lol even though you stayed in the car pretty much the whole time . " 
9494 : I can't say much since I don't know you yet . You are pretty cute though :) 
3456 : Most of our conversations in high school consisted of us dropping sarcastic comments back and forth . I guess I can say you were a pretty good soccer player .. on JV of course . 
7654 : So I've been looking out for you since you were born and even though you're not a baby anymore , I still will . I told your brother before that if you all wanted to come down one weekend , you could . Just let me know . 
702 : The only time we've met was at the bar . Your eyes look even better in person . 
11 : Seeing you drunk at < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE>'s was amusing . It would be nice to see you more though . 
1234 : I let very few people sleep in my bed and you were one of them . I'm glad we had the < PROPMALE > to meet . We should hangout again sometime . 
3 : You seem like a real sweetheart and I like your lip ring . 
Okay , no more of the number game . It's too much writing . 
23983 : I'm only writing this because a certain person insisted on it so please nobody else send < PROPFIRST > . Anyway , It's always nice seeing you at the gym even though you only come in like once a month . We need to make plans to hangout sometime and those plans will not include horseback riding on your farm lol . 
Though no one can go back and make a new beginning , anyone can start now and make a brand new ending . 
Green Bay wins ! Wave your yellow towels now faggets . 
Fuck you < PROPFIRST > lol . 
