Jem's dress 

Jem's dress is on the mind . 
is thankful for a day set aside to celebrate Dads . < PROPMALE > , you're the very best !!! Thanks for being Zeke's Daddy . :) 
Is wishing < PROPMALE > a happy first birthday !!!!!!! 
Congratulations < PROPMALE > and Jemuelle Frazier !!! 
is not really feeling it today ... nope , not at all . 
is having a great morning with Zeke . 
is in love with the most wonderful man in the world ! 
Loves the weather !!! 
I really really want a Chariot Cougar 2 !! I found one on craigslist yesterday for super cheap , but I haven't heard back from them !!! I'm checking my email and my phone every 2 seconds ... I need a different hobby I think . Maybe a good distraction . baa 
So , I totally could have had the chariot ... I didn't check my spam and she sold it to someone else . I'm the most stupid person I know . Why didn't I check my spam ? 
We got a chariot . It should be here Friday . This makes me so happy ! 
Returned that chariot because I found one for a 1/4 the price in almost new condition !!! I love CRAIGSLIST !!!!!! 
Does anyone want to go bike riding with me sometime ? I feel so free now that I can go with Zeke , but freedom loves company . :) 
Tour de Whatcom here we come !!! 
is trying to focus . 
already accomplished a lot this morning , but there is much more to do ... trying to focus yet again . 
is listening to Zeke crack himself up in his room . :) 
is having a date night with my Mr. :) 
Mechanical Bulls are meaner than they look ... 
HAWAII IN 2.5 WEEKS !!!!! 
Good bye Grandma T . I wish I could have seen Grandpa's face when he saw you ! I bet he's grinning ear to ear and squeezing your hand tight with both of his ! 
We just got a boat load of cloth diapers ... Tomorrow we make the switch . 
4 days till Hawaii !!! 
Hawaii tomorrow . 
We just got back to Waikiki from the North Shore . It's < PROPFEMALE > , rainy and about 80 degrees . Who could ask for anything more ? 
We're back ! Thanks everyone for the birthday wishes !! I had a great birthday ! 
is making BAT's for lunch ... That's BLTA's with not lettuce ... so sad . 
Sleep is on the mind . 
I'm so proud of facebook for talking like a pirate ! 
Zeke and I made the online front < PROPFEMALE > on the Bellingham Herald website ! It's just because he's so stinking cute !!! 
This is the second night without Zeke ... He's having a wonderful time with his Grandma , but I can't stop imagining what he would be doing if he were with us . One things for sure , as much as I love spending time with < PROPMALE > alone , I really enjoy our life with Zeke . He is such a wonderful kid ! 
Do any of you Moms out there have any tips on when to start potty training and how to go about doing it ? 
I'm trying to focus on homework while Zeke is asleep . So far , I'm unsuccessful ... Time to log out of facebook . 
Enjoying a relaxing evening with my husband and ice cream . 
Looking forward to a really great day with great friends and lots of decisions to make ... the little kind like \what should we do ? \ " and \ " where should we go ? \"" 
is thinking about going to the library for story time today ... 
Headed to the grocery store . 
Time for homework and a snack . 
Right ... I'm done with the quizzes now . 
Zeke gets to < PROPFEMALE > out with all his cousins today ! 
We went to the farmers market in the rain today ! Zeke broke in his cool rain boots !!! 
I made pumpkin scones today and they're amazing . How do I avoid eating all of them while I'm doing homework ? They're so tempting ! 
mmm ... scrambled eggs with lots of veggies ! 
getting ready to do whatever I can to help Nate fix our broken sewer before the day is over . YUCK !! 
The sewer is fixed thanks to Nate , < PROPFIRST > , Cilica and my Dad . Thank you to everyone for your help and thanks to everyone who offered the use of their water . We really appreciate it ! 
I could really go for a Grande no Whip half the Cinnamon Dolce Caramel Apple Spice ! 
I didn't sleep much last night , instead I dreamed about creating oil paintings that actually danced on the canvas , then I would lay awake thinking about how terrible the paintings actually looked and tried to convince myself to stay away from < PROPMALE > . 
Rain , snow , hail , sun and now thunder and lightning ? What's next ? 
Does anyone in Bellingham have a clothing steamer that I can borrow tomorrow ( Friday) ? 
Everyone is right ! The second time around is no where near the same as the first time . Emotions are off the charts , but sickness in the morning isn't nearly as strong . 
is trying to do homework while listening to christmas music ... instead , I'm dreaming of all the wonderful festive food I can cook when I'm done with this blasted homework ! 
Has anyone been to the new Light Catcher Children's Museum yet ? If you have , is it any good ? 
Finals are done for me !!!! I think I did ok too ! On to Hanukkah preparations , and getting ready for our trip to American Samoa ! 
Any one with a Costco card want to go to Costco with me tomorrow morning so I can make some purchases ? 
Well , it's off to American Samoa for us . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Happy New Year friends ! 
We're back from American Samoa ! We had a great time with family and we can't wait to see Tino and < PROPFEMALE > again in 5 months ! 
I think today is an I-need-chocolate sort of day . 
Pink 
Zeke woke up early today and caught me off guard . I guess I'll have to fit my shower in later . 
Please pray for Haiti ! 
looking forward to < PROPFIRST>'s pizza tonight ! 
Does anyone have any suggestions on where to go for Prenatal Yoga classes ? I've only found a couple places in town that offer it so I'm curious about people experiences . I'm leaning toward Yoga Northwest . Any thoughts ? Do any of you pregnant friends out there want to join me ? 
We BBQ'd burgers for lunch ! I'm loving this weather ! 
I really love Saturdays . 
is really hungry ! 
I just won two free tickets to the upfront theatre this weekend !!! Who wants to babysit ??? 
Heading out on a walk with Zeke . =) 
researching dishwashers online . 
just purchased a dishwasher !! =) 
never let a crazy person install your dishwasher ... the person who installed the one that came with our house added about 2 feet too much drain pipe and the result is mold , mold , and more mold . 
The first load is in the new dishwasher . Yay !!! Hopefully it does the job ! 
We had an awesome Friday ! Lunch downtown with Nate and Zeke then some window shopping , a trip to the park where we ran into some friends and then we ended it all with a BBQ in the back yard . The perfect Friday . =) 
Zeke woke up extra early this morning . I guess , I should be thankful for an early start to the day . =) 
If you ever think it's going to take time to transition a kid from his crib to his toddler bed , think again . I'm pretty sure I introduced it too soon ! He wants nothing to do with his crib and we only just put the bed together this morning ! This was supposed to be a couple months worth of transition time ... Hopefully he stays in bed all night . 
Do any of my girl friends out there want to go for a hike some Saturday morning in the near future ? This will be a kid and maybe husband free event ... I know it sounds strange , but I need to get out for a few hours ! 
I would like to report that 2 weeks after getting a new dishwasher ... My kitchen and my dishes are still clean . The hype is not over yet ! 
I would like to announce that < PROPFEMALE > Itter is a genius ! 
Zeke and I had a fun morning . Mom came over and then we all went for a walk to Starbucks downtown , then dropped Mom off at the bus and headed to meet Nate for lunch . Now Zeke is napping and I'm thinking of sitting on my front cement slab ( porch ) to read a book . I love , love , love < PROPFEMALE > days ! 
I just made yummy apple spice muffins ! 
For the first time ever , Zeke woke up at for am , came in our room and crawled into bed with us . He fell asleep right away ! So CUTE !!! We put him back in his bed and he still woke up at 6:30 . Crazy kid ! 
Does anyone have any tips on where to go or what to do when going up to Vancouver for the Olympics ? We're not going to any events , but we're thinking of going up Friday and I always get lost in Canada so tips would be awesome ! 
Feels pretty good after prenatal yoga . 
Finished a 7+ mile walk with Zeke , < PROPFEMALE > and Kaden today . Zeke walked all the way home from Woburn St. on the trail ! What a trooper ! That's over a mile for those little legs ! 
Had baked potatoes , asparagus and steak for dinner . mmm . 
Events of today : Walked to Starbucks , Zeke put a raisin up is nose ( and sneezed it out ) , brought Nate coffee , while Zeke napped I dug out behind the shed then we biked to Haggen , played with < PROPMALE > our cute little neighbor , Zeke had an emotional breakdown , calmed down and was sweet as ever . Now he's fighting sleep . Nate is out using up the rest of the fence boards . Today's mission : Enjoy the sun . Mission accomplished . 
Does anyone want some free dirt ? It has rocks and weeds mixed in , but it would be great for a filler . 
I locked my keys in the car today ... With Zeke in his car seat . I felt like such a dufus ! Thankfully , my wonderful neighbor < PROPFEMALE > was home and let me use her phone to call Nate who called my brother < PROPFIRST > who came over and after 45 < PROPFEMALE > , Zeke was free . He was such a trooper !!!! Thank you to my new hero's < PROPFEMALE > , Nate and especially < PROPFIRST > !!! 
We had an awesome Easter dinner with < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > . Thanks guys , we had a great time ! 
I got some color !!! Unfortunately , the color is red , but maybe it will turn tan !!! yay for sun and wonderful weather ! 
No nap for Zeke today , but we are out enjoying the sun . Thank God for this weather ! 
I sprained my ankle . I'm such a goon !!!! 
9ish weeks to go !!!!! 
Roasted potatoes , chicken and steamed broccoli for dinner ? Yes please ! 
Just got back from Woodland Park Zoo . Sometimes things are 2000x better with a kid . We're diffinitely going again soon ! 
We just got home from BBQing at < PROPFEMALE > Park . What a beautiful evening ! Zeke had his very first corn-on-the-cob and he loved it !!! 
Happy Mothers Day to all my Mommy friends !!! 
We're back online !! 
We had an awesome BBQ with family today and got tons of stuff done in our yard . Thank you all so much for your help ! We are extremely blessed . 
We got through the entire parade in the rain and cold . Now we're home and slowly warming up . :) 
Up since 4:30 with Zeke . I think a nap is extremely necessary today . 
Our little guy is in position ! He's head down ! Yay !!!! He is also extremely adorable ... Nice chubby cheeks and big lips like his brother . Unfortunately he also has a big head like his brother ... 
headed to the farmers market to watch Jem dance ! 
Does anyone want to come with me to Jem's belly dance performance Saturday night ? 
Just finished ferociously cleaning the kitchen while my guys are asleep . Now it's my turn . .... zzzZZZZ 
Happy Fathers Day ! 
YES ! 39 weeks ! Had a pineapple smoothie for breakfast , walked 6 < PROPMALE > to Boulevard Park and back with < PROPFEMALE > then took a nap . :) Any suggestions on stuff to get this baby interested in exiting my body ? 
Just went for a bike ride with the family . I really , really love bike rides . 
< PROPMALE > Manuia is 2 !!! He had a wonderful birthday party ! I can't believe he's so big ! 
Just went for a 6 or 7 mile walk ... Still no signs of baby . I think he's going to < PROPFEMALE > out inside for a while longer . At least he seems pretty comfortable in there . 
Husband for Shaloma speaking : Been laboring since 4pm ish . Light for the first while , and has gotten stronger . Hopefully we're headed to the Birthing Center tonight . 
He's here and he's perfect !!! < PROPMALE > Tumau < PROPFIRST > born at 3:40 am , 8lbs 2oz , 20 1/4 inches long . Thanks for all your thoughts and prayers ! 
Heading to Jem's belly dance show pretty soon ! 
Rain for 3 straight days is great in a not-so-great sort of way . 
went on a date with < PROPMALE > last night for the first time since < PROPMALE > was born . I'm going to go ahead and rate it in the top 3 best dates ever ! \ 
Thanks for a really awesome time Nate ! You are the best ! 
Jem danced like a pro last night . =) 
Both boys are napping at the same time !!! 
Day 2 of Callanetics here I come ! 
went for a nice walk with the boys this afternoon . Now I'm impatiently waiting to see the love of my life walk through the door . =) 
Avenue Bread Turkey Pesto Sandwich . There is nothing better ! 
Wow ! Thank you all so much for your birthday wishes ! I'm feeling very loved and this has been a very special day . =) 
< PROPMALE > rolled over !!! 
How do you tag a person in a comment ? 
Happy Anniversary Amit Katyal & < PROPFEMALE > Katyal !!! You guys are great ! Congrats on 84 months of togetherness . =) 
Next question ... how do you make a heart on your status or a comment ? 
Is anyone else having issues with their Verizon phone service ? We can't call or text anyone right now ... 
Zeke picked a fight with the vaseline ... can you guess who won ? I've never thought of using it as a hair product before . My son is so inventive ! 
5 Amazing years later we are more in love than ever before ! Thanks < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > for being so awesome ! 
Today was the perfect day for the pumpkin patch ! 
Anyone want to go play at a park with me and my little guys ? We're thinking of going around 3 . 
< PROPMALE > gets off early today !!! I'm so excited to spend time with him this weekend !! 
Does anyone have a grain mill and/or a food dehydrator they don't want ? I can take it off your hands if you'd like !!! 
Sitting at home in peace and quiet missing my little Zeke who is having the time of his life at Grandma and Grandpa Allens house ! < PROPMALE > is napping so now I get to do housework . 
I'm still looking for a food dehydrator and a grain mill . If anyone has one that I can buy from you or borrow today or tomorrow , that would be awesome ! 
< PROPMALE > rolled from back to front for the first time last night ! He didn't like it very much ... I think it scared him a little . 
Just put a pumpkin cheesecake in the oven for T-day !!! YUM ! 
just finished making : Pumpkin Cheesecake , Cinnamon Rolls , Pumpkin Roulade and Gingerbread !!! Yay for baking and yay for sharing yummy baked goods with family on Thanksgiving ! 
Gingerbread house made , cookies decorated . Now how am I going to keep this house away from a 2 year old for 2 weeks ?! Should have thought of that before we made it ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas friends ! 
My baby is 6 months old today !!! 
Reconnecting with long lost friends makes my heart feel happy . :) 
I'm pretty excited about going to see < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > with a couple of great friends at the Mt . Baker Theater in a few weeks . I need to get my abs ready for some laughter ! 
HOLY COW !!!! The Seahawks are surprising me !!! I haven't screamed so much during a game in a long time ! GO HAWKS !! 
