OK , so I'm up on Facebook , OK ??? There's not a single photo here newer than 2 years ago , but at least you can tell which < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > I am . OMG , there's like 10 of us ! Great name , tho ... ;) 

Well , < PROPFEMALE > and I had a GREAT week in Kauai ( OK , I admit , timeshares are NOT stupid ) , shopping and sightseeing and snorkeling ... even had Coming Out Day with the Kauainians at Poipu Beach ! But , wouldn't you know it , you can wipe out a great week in 1 day at work ? 
Why do we always have to suffer for taking a holiday or vacation ? I Am punished with overwork before I go and after I return . Anybody relate ? 
Glad to have a job ... but REALLY don't want to start the new year there tomorrow ... sigh ... 
Led an Oldtimers ' Meeting last nt w/an < PROPMALE > project , and it was a rousing success ! No drunkalogs or Al-Anonandon here ! 
Spent the day snorkeling south of Kona . Our hawaiian dyke friends towed us by kayak farther than we could comfortably swim . Great < PROPFEMALE > , beautiful fish . Wow , what a life . Fresh mango and avocado for lunch . 
Today went to see the volcano and the steam vents . The volcano has been erupting for hundreds of centuries . Only the plates move , creating new islands . Anyone wanna buy some land in Loihi ? Gathering investors for land Coming out in around 10,000 years . 
What the HELL is going on w/my clients this week ??! They're all acting like they're on crack or raised in Appalachia . Is Mars in retrograde ? Is it the A.V. Wind ? What ? 
So , that week they were nuts . This week , I'm doing the math , and I think this month it was me . Here I am , almost 52 , and this morning I get up and , hmmm , a period . PMS ? Are you KIDDING me ?? And no one on crack to blame ? Damn ! 
Ummm , I mean this WEEK , not this month . No way , not taking responsibility for the whole MONTH . LOL ! 
Amazing what I can accomplish in the office if I get to actually BE in the office , and not running around interviewing or waiting in the courtroom for hearings . YEA ! 
< PROPFEMALE > McClintock is MY representative to the Democratic Party !! Go < PROPFEMALE > !! xo 
I LOVE time in the office ! I found my desk top under all the aper . It's sort of a grey-tan . Not beautiful , but a lot less stressful ... 
Pitched 3 innings , made 4 outs , had a double-play , 2 hits , and turning 52 in 3 weeks . wow . I need a chiropractor ! 
Taking a cake at Colfax on Saturday night for 24 years ! Our friend < PROPFIRST > is the 10-minute speaker as well . See you there ? 
So , ummm , good thing my career isn't in mathematics , or even history , because I'm not turning 24 , I'm turning 23 . Thanks , < PROPFEMALE > , for that trip down memory < PROPFIRST > ! Oh well , one less candle to blow out . At least it's a prime number ! ' Cuz I am in my prime ! LOL ! See you at Colfax ! 
Kinda worried about my friends and distant neighbors ( 5 < PROPMALE > ) and their pets and all the wild animals and birds with all these nearby wildfires ... Keeping an eye on things and turning it all over , over and over again ... 
So , this afternoon we learn whether or not 52% of voting Californians had the right to vote against my marriage . Isn't that just silly ? NO ON PROP 8 ! 
WE WIN !! Prop 8 is unconstitutional , then , we knew that ... ;) 
Thank u all for the wonderful b'day wishes ! I love celebrating here on Hawaii , but now it feels like we have 40 friends here w/us ! And the dogs r at home w/company too ! 52 feels great ! 
So , I'm home working by the pool b/c I think I broke my baby toe . That must be what all those sick days are for ... 
Out to breakfast on a Monday a.m. So this is what it's like to have free time ! Lot's o'Queers! Happy Coming Out Day ! 
Gawd I love days off !! The tree is up with lights , got a haircut and pedi , time to shop , saw a movie , AND slept in !! 
I LOVE THIS ! : \Walking around drunk is like walking around with your fly open . Everyone sees it except you . \"" 
Yea , the sun is out ! Oops , it's gone now . sigh ... When is summer again ? Can I just move to Hawaii ? 
How can a day off be so full and ladled over with pressure ? < PROPFEMALE > Ho-Ho ! 
Driving up and down < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > in Long Beach to see the holiday lights and decorations ... I think I'm 8 all over again ! 
Chessy died tonight of a massive heart attack and my heart is breaking too ... she was only 7 1/2 and everyone loved her . I loved her every single day . 
No comfort food quite like freshly baked , crispy chocolate chip cookies made for you by your wife . Thank you , < PROPFEMALE > ! 
OMG , what the hell ??!? Just had to put Bomber ( aka Black < PROPFEMALE > ) to sleep !! This just keeps getting worse ! 
It's DOG WEEK ! If you have fabulous DOGS that you love more than you can describe , copy and paste this to your status for a little while , but hold them in your heart for a lifetime ! My pets have brought me immeasurably joy , love , and happiness :) 
