I will bless you Lord , for you are light and I'll praise your name always !!!!! 

Learning a lot , Growing a lot , and forming plot ..... 
You are no longer my ( g)od .... My Father is Sovereign and HE IS WORTHY ! [ Breaking ~ thru ~ Bondage ] 
CHARACTER .... something that can never be lost only sharpened or compromised and it will always tell who you really are . Don't compromise your character , build on it ! Thank you for Personal Development Time . 
Is it possible that we've made commandments just suggestions , reduced real meanings to more suitable verbs to allow compromise , diluted solid truth to create gradient subjectiveness , and allowed individual \freedoms\ " to become true points of bondage ? Could it be so ....... < sigh > " 
Keep a close watch on how you live and on your teaching . Stay true to what is right for the sake of your own salvation and the salvation of those who hear you ( 1 < PROPFIRST > 4:16 ) 
Home !.... feeling slightly different 
Just come off of it already ! 
Starting to like my new life , feel smooth like a tot again .... in a grown up kinda way :) 
Determined to be the one . 
Lord if you're presence ain't going with me I don't wanna go , because Its not distinction .... { On my < PROPMALE > jawn } 
Shh ... Stop Talking ! 
You ever meet someone trying their hardest to impress you with the length of their branches and the colors of their leaves ? That's because they lack fruit ...... 
Still confused .... why are you still the same ? I'm standing on the rock . You a lame 
I NEED A RUSH FLIER DESIGN , IF YOU CAN DO IT FOR UNDER $50 HIT ME UP ! 
the real me is relative 
I have a facebook question : Are you considered a minister if you can only do whatever it is that you do on a stage or to a crowd ?.... < Perplexed and Disgusted with Modern Day \Ministers \">" 
Ever think about going back to school ? Do you hate going from job to job without a career ? Feel like all your friends are ahead of you ? Or do you know someone like that ? .... If you answered YES to any of these questions you NEED to text me 267.602.0580 . or FB message me . I want to talk to you about something :) 
What kind of fishermen hate the water , don't own rods , and refuse to go the middle of the sea where the big fish are ? I'm confused .... oh yea that's right your a FISHER of MEN but you could care less about the last 5 people you saw and if they die and go to hell .... maybe you should find a new occupation ..... ( by the way @ < PROPMALE > Moore this is your spirit talking ) 
Faith Note #1 : Men would rather have faith in a religion of works than have faith in the God of the bible who extends grace and gives freely . Why you ask ? Simple , through works men can create a measuring system . MAN ALWAYS WANTED TO BE GOD and if they can trick themselves into believing God is obligated to give them rewards based off their works they are one step closer to their goals ... ( of being exactly like satan ) 
What are you doing tonight ? I want you to come < PROPFEMALE > with us at Family Fellowship , I guarantee you'll like it .... beats spending money and wasting time right ? lol [ Check out my events ] 
Man ! God you are doing your thing and I love you for it ! Thank you for the awesome servants you have placed around me and the family you adopted me into ... 
Why do we witness ? Why do/don't you witness the gospel ?..... Friday 7:00 - 9:30 pm Project ( 215 ) Evangelism 101 Classes , Come out ! 
Now place a minister before your own mind , and ask , Do you judge yourself as you judge him ? Do you say of yourself , I ought to do for others gratuitously all and whatever I require him to do gratuitously ? Do you judge yourself by the same rule by which you judge him ? - < PROPFIRST > G . Finney , March 29 , 1854 
Believers are just content believing and KEEPING the faith ... Disciples < PROPFEMALE > to be like Jesus and SHARE the faith ..... Which are you ?? 
ATT : Anybody in the Philadelphia area , I just got word that people are dying without Christ and going to Hell for eternity without repentance . They are traveling to and through the BROAD & OLNEY station and we have a < PROPMALE > to get them the truth from 12-4pm . PLEASE JOIN US IN BRINGING THE IMMEDIATE RESOURCES TO HELP SAVE SOMEONES LIFE TODAY ! CHRISTIANS EVERYWHERE WE ARE CALLING YOU TO ACTIVATE YOUR FAITH ! 
Faith is your belief in action- Pastor Smith ! 
If they say [ QUOTE ] jokes [ UNQUOTE ] around me I wonder what they say when I'm not around ( smh @ \friends \")" 
P215 Prayer Line ya'll might wanna get in on this one .... join the group , call the line . Let's pray ya'll! ( 218 ) 486-1600 code : 422289 
If you haven't joined this group P215 Prayer Line you should and definitely keep your requests coming . We will be praying ~ 
The best thing you can do now is live for Him . 
Just realized we can/will take Philly over . UNITY ... Project ( 215 ) , TRI-URBAN WORSHIP CAMPAIGN , UTURN , F.O.C.U.S. ( Followers of Christ United Spiritually ) , House of Chayah Ministries , Heaven's Mentality Ministries , Fire Escape , GOERS , T . W . A ..... expect a call from me soon . Standing for Unity in 2011 ! 
Prayer line is tonight and I am excited because last week was amazing ! Please call in and be ready to speak about what the Lord has done ! 9PM SHARP ! ( 218 ) 486-1600 code : 422289 and bring/tell a friend :) ---- Can't make it ? Submit your prayers to our FB group P215 Prayer Line and we'll pray for you ! 
Each day we have the option to choose the Spirit of God and following His way over ours . How will you honor God today ? I'll start . \Today I will honor God by taming my tongue to not say any idle word that does not bring < PROPFEMALE > to Him . In all things I will make me speech reflective and seasoned with salt as opposed to just reflexive and fleshly . \ " How about you ....? Write yours below . " 
I'm looking for Christian artists that want the opportunity to minister this month at two different venues . Neither are a church , and at both you would be a blessing . Just inbox me if you're interested . 
Another concert , Another song , Another event , Another album , ... yet the world still dying , while we are keeping ourselves entertained on Christ and the truth of his word to fill our emotional and spiritual highs . Now that's what a simply unbelieving world finds unbelievable . < 4me2 > 
P215 Prayer Line goes in hard this and every Monday at 9pm . You'd be surprised all the people you can meet and the encouragement you leave with through testimonies , devotion and prayer . I challenge you to join in on it tonight ! You won't be disappointed . ( 218 ) 486-1600 code : 422289 
If you watch porn and/or masturbate on the regular you are not being faithful to your husband/wife ( in the present or in the future ) and you are no better than the adulterer . Let's change the hearts folks . 
I feel good ! Life is good . God is great . By the worlds standards I'm completely unqualified for about 82% of the stuff I have .... but I'm purposed through the Perfect < PROPMALE > of Peace my High Priest --- JESUS ! 
Thanks to < PROPFIRST > Taj and the brothers and sisters that joined in this morning on the P215 Prayer Line to open our fast with prayer ! Remember that we will be back on at 6pm to pray before we break our fast ! Pray not only for your specific needs , but remember to pray for the Country , that it returns to it's Christian roots and make Christ Lord over all things , as He should be ! 
Call into P215 Prayer Line tonight ! We are taking requests now ! ( 218 ) 486-1600 code : 422289 
It's so interesting how all these people that believe the world is ending May 21st haven't devoted more time to selling all their assets , sponsoring homeless kids , feeding those in need , blessing multitudes of people with things they never had since it's all over on Saturday right ??? ---- They don't even buy what they're selling . Get real , I'll seeya on the 22nd . NO MAN KNOWS THE DAY OR THE HOUR ! 
Today , let's love those to Christ who were deceived by the false prophet . The world's wisdom is cunning but is now our job people of God to win them to Jesus with the TRUTH in LOVE . Make that choice today . It's May 22nd ... 
Gotta keep reminding myself ... I am not my environment . 
I want to say thank you to all those who serve and have served our country for our safety . Today is for you . Now onto the que --- bbq flow all day ( my dad's a chef ) 
In my life I've learned a lot , and what I have seen is we are fragile people but we have such a strong and mighty God . Continue to bare much fruit Christians ! Daddy's proud ! 
People are fragile . I must continue to remind myself so I don't break them when handling . ( smh ) Good thing I'm in the potter's hand cause I would be broke up and smashed in the hands of this treacherous society . 
I'm working on a healhy median between responding positively to all things and with love ( that includes silence ) and being frustrated with incompetence and throwing verbal jabs to make people feel inferior . This is my weakness --- if you care hold me accountable to it . Love ya ! 
I'm extremely overjoyed I just linked back up with my lil brother after God knows how long . Shout out to < PROPFIRST > Sweatheart Lovee Frazier one of my first mentees . 
Lord , I'm available to you . My will I give to you , I'll do what you say do , use me Lord . To show someone the way , and enable me to say ..... my storage is empty and I am available to you ! 
I just had a great meeting with a new church for Project ( 215 ) . Now I'm in the house on my chill , just ordered some take out and I'm gonna go to bed early after I spend some time reading . I walked around the neighborhood tonight ... it's a good night . Thank you for saving me Jesus . 
Today I ran a 10K ( 6miled ) run in the mud with obstacle courses through nature for those diagnosed with Multiple Scelerosis and I raised a total of $115.00 . I ran for those who cannot ... 
The P215 Prayer Line is open tonight at 9pm . Please post your prayer requests on the group < PROPFEMALE > now and call in at ( 218 ) 486-1600 code : 422289 for prayer , testimonies , discussion , and fellowship . Again post your requests now ! Thanks :) 
Can someone tell me the fascination with all these dumb reality shows , celebrity shows , and black tv shows . No wonder the child dresses like a whore , thinks its ok to curse teachers out and fight any and everyone . You raise them on basketball wives , braxton family values , the kardashians , and bad girls club . I hate television , the biggest brainwashing machine of our time . CHRISTIANS WAKE UP or stay blind ... smh 
I'm content with standing for truth , even if that means that some fall off . 
I want to be like Jesus from his age of 7 to the age of 29 . Best years of His physical life . { Silent Growth } 
I really started living , when I stopped living for men . Before , I was a slave to their ( your ) minds , opinions , and perceptions . I was your servant you were my gods . { The < PROPMALE > is over } Dear friends don't assume that was long ago either and that I've got it all together ..... -BUT- I'm so glad I am owned by the one who bought me by His Blood and calls me Righteous !!!! 
I find it so interesting how no one will miss the bet awards but ..... ( NOTW ) 
Do not be bound together with unbelievers ; for what partnership have righteousness and lawlessness , or what fellowship has light with darkness ? \ 
2 Corinthians 6:14 ( NASB ) ..... Everyone that knows about Christ is not a believer ! Check the fruit and then DO THE WORD :) 
I am officially declaring the KSG lifestyle over my life and those I have influence of or are accountable to me and for me . What does KSG mean ? According to the word of God if you KNOW , than you should SHOW , so that you GROW . ( KNOW , SHOW , GROW ) = KSG lifestyle ! Tag your it ! 
You know what I've found out about deception ... you don't know that you're being deceived until you are no longer in deception . < KSG > |Know|Show|Grow| 
I love you from afar not because I'm condemning you but because the wisdom of God has given me the ability to still love you with God's love but not allow you close enough to hurt me again . Hurt people just hurt people , but loved people will love people ! I love you now you go love ! |KNOW|SHOW|GROW| - KSG Lifestyle 
I wonder how many people talk about taking a stand for something from all the while from a sitting position . < scratches head > Oxymoron . |KNOW|SHOW|GROW| - KSG Lifestyle 
I've always found it peculiar how some people suck you dry and then leave your life but then somehow convince you it was your fault for not doing enough . I have deduced in relationships some folks are here for a season , others for a reason , some just for self pleasing , and others to committ domestic treason . All in All .... they are flawed and Christ is my sufficiency . { 4ME2 } 
The truth won't change just because you got offended . Get used to it . |KNOW|SHOW|GROW| - KSG Lifestyle 
Wondering what happened to all the men in Project ( 215 ) . Brothas gotta step up ! S/O to all my brothas holding it down : Handell , < PROPFIRST > , Saleem , < PROPFIRST > , Will , Mainemizz , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , Angel < PROPFIRST > , < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , Kashif , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPMALE > , and < PROPFIRST > ! #WeNeedYou ! 
I've met A LOT of people that are kingdom centric , only problem is it's THEIR kingdom they want you to build up in the name of God ofcourse that's the only way you would be convinced to help out . Naaaa I'm good . I work for the < PROPMALE > of < PROPMALE > s for no recognition . #Thanks 
I'm guilty yet I'm justified at the same time . Fathom that ! So now I walk like I'm innocent - Jesus Christ did it . |KNOW|SHOW|GROW| - KSG Lifestyle 
Sidebar : Don't mistake pride and arrogance with boldness in my new identity . I wasn't born \churched\ " I'm excited he saved me and I will die bearing the fruit that he continues to birth within this cursed flesh that HE redeemed !!!!! < WOW LORD > " 
We are a body and a bride . Once you settle that in your heart you'll walk in full assurance that you are united with something/someone so much greater than yourself and love will be the only result . |KNOW|SHOW|GROW| - KSG Lifestyle 
If I wasn't me I wonder if I would like me .... prolly not :) 
I'm headed to Want to know about us ?? July Project ( 215 ) Info Session come on out if you'd like :) 
P215 Prayer Line tonight !.. 9pm ... Call in to request prayer , share and hear testimonies , and also for great encouraging words and fellowship , with your brothers and sisters in Christ !.... 218-486-1600 ... Access #422289 ... call in and be blessed and be a blessing !... 
Just when I was about to get discouraged and get off my grind I thank God that he sent my cuz < PROPFIRST > Juice < PROPMALE > to encourage me . I can't stop pushing this ministry work , it is who I am and what I do . I am MR . ( 215) !...... until I walk into the next chapter of my life I'm loving this one . 
You will see a person's true character when folks leave their ministry/church or don't show as much support as they once did . Are those people treated differently , disowned , maybe even slandered ? You were doing Kingdom Building unfortunately it was your own kingdom . Who do you really serve ? Self or Christ ? Last time I checked slaves weren't masters . Serve Christ ! |KNOW|SHOW|GROW| - KSG Lifestyle 
I love the fact that I have my own organization Project ( 215 ) Inc . at the age of 24 and the crazy part is it wasn't even in my plans . God chose to give me a vision and whoop there it is ! So what's next Lord ? 
The most dangerous people to be around are people without vision . A person without a vision for tomorrow can't see that they can use their skills of being an entrepreneur and create their own business instead of being a drug dealer and living each day risking their life and their freedom . VISION ! - Pastor < PROPMALE > Roberston from Youth Revival- Jesus Is The Cure ! 
Just incase you didn't know today is an awesome event HEART OF THE CITY : SUMMER SESSIONS ft . Concepts & < PROPFEMALE > Smith . Please show some loves to my boy Concepts and my sis < PROPFEMALE > Smith 
Help us get our LIKES up on our new organization < PROPFEMALE > if u support us : Check out this < PROPFEMALE > and like it please Project ( 215 ) Inc . 
Maybe if more kids were involved with great organizations like Project ( 215 ) Inc . there would be less idle time to congregate for flash mobs to terrorize the city . #justathought 
1 Universe . 8 planets , 204 countries , 809 islands , 7 seas , 6 billion people and I had the privilege of meeting you ! 
Big Shouts out to < PROPFEMALE > Smith , Concepts , Char Tel , < PROPFEMALE > T and < PROPFIRST > Dixon for last nights HEART OF THE CITY : SUMMER SESSIONS ft . Concepts & < PROPFEMALE > Smith Ya'll did that thang riiiiiiiite ! All the band and background singers were amazing as well . I can't tag ya'll but I was blessed :) 
I just got a NEVER RELEASED track from Dail Iyso Smith and it's going to be heard only at tonight's Project ( 215 ) Skating Party Fundraiser !!!!!!! ...... yea you'd be silly to miss this one ! 
You want to hear an artist of yours at Project ( 215 ) Skating Party Fundraiser !!!!!!! send me an audio track to project215@gmail.com now and we will play it ! If it's slow , then it may not go . LET'S GOOOOOOO ! 
We will sing songs , to the < PROPFEMALE > of the Lamb ..... HALLELUJAH , < PROPFEMALE > to the Lamb ! 
You need prayer ? Do you know someone that does ? Have you been praying for someone to receive the Lord ? Join us tonight on P215 Prayer Line at 9PM . We are taking requests and lifting them up in unity . Call ( 218 ) 486-1600 access code : 422289 . After we pray we share testimonies and engage in discussion through our facilitator of Project ( 215 ) Inc . , < PROPFIRST > Day ! JOIN IN ! 
Shout out to some of my closest friends whether they know it or not , < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > , Siby Varghese , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > Gomez , < PROPFIRST > J , < PROPFIRST > Smith , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > I hold ya'll real close to my heart ! Thanks for being just you . 
Pop Pop you are and always will be one of the greatest examples of a awesome father and a true gentleman . Rest easy , your pain is over . Lord be with my family in this time . 
Is Jesus only your hope when things hit you that are outside of your control ? Is he only Lord when you have no other options so you use His power as a means to free up some things ? Is he only Savior when you're stuck in a rut or still doing the same old stuff and you need a helping hand ? Because if he's just the big man upstairs when things are going good , chances are ... you probably never met Him . 
Shout out to Project ( 215 ) Inc . this morning doing bucket fundraiser on City Ave and Monument Rd . If you drive pass them honk your horn and give a donation ! Thanks family :) 
FYI : Sin entered through the same man and we all inherited the same curse , but not all of us have inherited the same life that grants us freedom . For those who have , quit complaining about your situations . < PROPMALE > UP and SHUT UP ! Becoming a Christian didn't come with a complimentary complaint card it came with a count the cost cross . Now wear it and walk it out , there's others who are still in our original condition ! 
You don't have to wait until the dark to sneak and watch a man in the night to see who he really is , when the light is out he reveals his true character if you watch close enough . - Dr. Moore 
How long are you going to look at porn , it's played out , that's not you and now you've wasted your time , money , and you feel guilty . When will that drink be enough ? Your broke , < PROPMALE > over , and you made a fool of yourself again . Is there ever a high you can't handle ?? You've snorted the nerves out of your nose nearly . All this looking for satisfaction . This flesh is corrupt and it will die . This cycle repeats to the tune of that same old lie , that he told us in the garden . 
I know you've heard it said you are : worthless , a screw up , disappointment , and embarrassment , a bad spouse , a terrible parent , the black sheep , a sinner , a hypocrite . You know the interesting thing about satan even as the father of lies ? He tells the truth . All these things you once were .... but how he forgets to mention that majestic ending to those indictments is that JESUS SAVES ! HALLELUJAH !!!!!! 
Here's a harsh one : If the bridegroom told you he wants to marry you ( even after you have been all around the town ) and all you had to do is be ready when he comes back ; sober , vigilant , with your lamp lit . Why don't you have your white dress on ? Furthermore why would you be out sleeping with the one ( the world ) who tried to kill him previously and failed ?? Don't be mistaken you will be left to your own desires . He's jealous for you ... 
An advocate does not excuse your condemnation or your just punishment for sin by rationalizing and reasoning with your actions that opposed the law . Rather , if that advocate is a good one , he approaches the accuser knowing you are guilty but pleads such a convincing case that the judge grants you mercy because how good the advocate was who represented the guilty defendant . That is the nature of my Jesus ! It has nothing to do with me . - Dr. Moore 
If you're an author/speaker and I thought that the way you conveyed the gospel was unique and I introduced you to a few people I knew who were non-believers to share the gospel , would it be appropriate for you to charge me a fee to speak to them ? And as sure as you just answered that question with impulse in your head , this happens every day with \ministers\ " \ " artists\ " \ " speakers\ " even in casual settings as the glorious gospel is abandoned and halted by the hearts of men who yearn for the dollar . " 
Don't credit yourself with being a servant just because you do it through obligation of a ministry and then on your personal time when you do engage in service its accompanied by murmurings and complaints . Genuine Servants serve selfless with gladness . I'm not speaking from experience , I'm speaking from the example - JESUS THE CHRIST 
Our generation is so desperate for companionship and attention we'll take it in any form : long distance relationships , social networking relationships , homosexual relationships , domestically abusive relationships , statutory relationships , dysfunctional relationships .... Lord be the healer of the hearts of this generation . We need the Holy Spirit to fill us ! 
Good morning Lord . I woke up and found there were new mercies awaiting me at my very feet . You are GREAT ! 
Tonight is an awesome opportunity to meet and agree with people in the body of Christ . Lift someone up in prayer and get prayer . P215 Prayer Line tonight at 9pm . Call ( 218 ) 486-1600 code : 422289 . Join us for discussion , testimonies , and encouragement as well :) 
GO LIKE THIS < PROPFEMALE > WE'RE RACING TO 100 LIKES !! >>> Project ( 215 ) Inc . 
It's real on the P215 Prayer Line right now . The discussion topic : In your Christian walk have you ever tried to go further in God but you can't seem to because you have someone that's not aligned with you in your walk holding you back . You want to hold onto them but you need to let go of them . What do you do ? CALL 218-486-1600 code : 422289 
<--------- Check out my AVI pic . 
So now you're fancy cause you got a talkbox ? We making all these different methods to communicate with each other and ain't nobody saying nothing . I like God , His is consistent , it's called PRAYER ! Try that on your talkbox smh lol . 
Relax , it's just water ! Seeya Saturday ! Project ( 215 ) 3rd Annual Community Day 
Things we take for granted : That man/woman that you ALWAYS see on your lunch break asking for money . Imagine them right now and over the next 24 hours . Maybe if we didn't judge their motives saying it would be used for drugs , perhaps a gift out of our love would allow them to rent a room or get safe shelter . Pray for the homeless in times like this . WE NEED MORE SHELTERS ! 
Righteous and Sovereign God we need you , more than we ever know . This life is hard . P215 Prayer Line is open tonight , Call in tonight ! ( 218 ) 486-1600 code : 422289 
The tenacity and sincerity of the word of God delivered by Rev . Dr. Alyn E . Waller is remarkable and truly holy spirit filled EVERY SINGLE TIME I HEAR IT ! This is truly a man of God I am proud to say I know and can continue to learn from and look up to . God still has a remnant of good men left ... Check out Enon Tabernacle Baptist Church or www.enontab.org 
My friends there is a difference between trying to win the lost for the cause of Christ by dwelling in a secular environment , and then blending in with the lost all while allowing your own flesh to be comfortable and still thinking you're in ministry . There is a grave mistake being made pertaining to agenda here , do not be deceived . You are not changing your environment if this is the case , it is changing you ! 
Very proud of my brother , Pastor G < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > and the work He has accomplished within a year at < PROPFIRST > Memorial . I have had the privilege of growing with and being around some of the most dynamic young men on fire for the Lord such as the late great , my brother and mentor Reverend Tariq < PROPMALE > , my brother Minister Saleem Wright , my brother Minister < PROPFIRST > Finch , and of course my brother Love da Poet . 
I guess I should say thank you in advance :) 
Soooooo I feel like someone would be super dope to bless my life with the Da ' T.R.U.T.H. new album \The Whole Truth\ " for my birthday .... lol . #imjustsaying " 
For those that would like to know , word on the street is we at Cheesecake Factory tonight at 8pm in < PROPFEMALE > Grove Mall to celebrate the 25th . Hit up D'ani < PROPMALE > to let her know if you coming . Peace :) 
Grateful to be alive today . I am so thankful for all the birthday cards , wishes , and celebrations . Thank you all . In the midst of it all I am overjoyed and excited for the 6 friends whom I was able to \pay it forward\ " to and recommend them to an amazing par t-t ime job I work at . All 6 of them had training last night . Remember : We were blessed to be a blessing ! Love you guys :) " 
Everytime I wanna trip , the Holy Spirit is there ordering my steps not making any provisions for the flesh . Maturity is working within my members ( 363 days ) 
God can do the impossible ! Thanks for the reminder < PROPMALE > Lambert ! Cop the album ya'll \THE WHOLE TRUTH \"!" 
Unlimit your thinking of who God is today and you will see a new side of how glorious He really is . Think about just thanking Him all day instead of asking Him for anything . Watch Him reveal Himself . Be blessed ! 
My imperfections keep me low , best believe ! NONE OF US got it all together , know matter how much we know . But I thank God that we don't live in the past nor are we bound by the confines of our physical limitations , habits , inabilities , or addictions ! Through Christ Jesus we are MORE THAN CONQUERORS ! 
I just checked in at Information Session for Project ( 215 ) Inc . 
Your deliverance is not in the information , its in the application ! 
We sit on these social networks continually updated on each others fabricated lives . ( me included ) Here's the insane part ... a ton of us all going through , thinking about , struggling with , or have been through THE SAME things . Let me make it clear , that thing is UGLY ! So much so to where we've even questioned our salvation over it . But , why are we content with continuing as if we're in it alone . I guess it takes one person to be the first . Fear has got us so scared because the only options are , you will either become a black sheep or you will set many people free . However in both Christ still gets the < PROPFEMALE > ! Let me be the first to say ---- you and me , we're the same . But the shackles of shame and guilt are free , so which one of us is getting outta here first ? 
Today is a cold one ... 
Tonight is a good night to pray with the saints of God and get encouragement and even share your testimony ! Join us on P215 Prayer Line tonight at 9pm . Just call ( 218 ) 486-1600 code : 422289 and you're in ! We hope to hear you tonight :) 
I always thought that I want to pre-record a message of salvation so when I die I can preach my own eulogy at the . funeral . I'm putting it in my will too so my wife can't change it ;) 
LOST yo ... straight lost 
Your biggest mistake was thinking I needed you . Just because you knew me for a long time doesn't make us friends . I hope you understand , I will kill you . [ This message is to the flesh of < PROPMALE > Moore from the Spirit of < PROPMALE > Moore ] 
Before you can change the world , you have to change your world . If your surroundings are always the same how can you measure your impact ? 
Embrace the impossible ! 
So at my job we have movie day with popcorn , < PROPFEMALE > , and drinks . NW : Unstoppable and getting paid for it :) 
I am < PROPMALE > Moore and I will be successful . #thatisall 
Walking alone . 
Just LIVE ! 
Men we need to pray ! I mean where do we get off thinking we're qualified enough to lead homes , jobs , and nations but not man enough to pray ? Be encouraged , share your testimony , tonight at 9pm . Don't just \like\ " the status . Call the P215 Prayer Line . ( 218 ) 486-1600 code : 422289 " 
The simple things in life make it worth living . Remember your beginnings ! 
I'm well rested and loving it :) 
I have a pretty decent job . Don't be content though the goal is to be the Employer not the Employee . It's a journey ladies and gentleman . 
You know what you do with . someone who you call a best/close friend ... cherish them and keep them even thru . the bad , it strengthens your relationship 
Shout out to 2 of the coolest brothers I know . Darrow Moore and < PROPMALE > Moore I love ya'll dudes ! 
So , today at my job we are out of the office headed to Philabundance . We are going to do some volunteer work . Still on the clock ;) I love getting paid to do what I do anyway < shrugs > 
Off work early .... ehhh what to do ??? 
Is it worth it ?... 
So annoyed right now . Lady if you try to give me a guily trip , make me feel responsible , and tell me im not a hero if I don't sponsor a child today because you know I have it , you have officially been coined as idiot of the day . This woman straight up and down told me I have the money after . profiling me off my business work attire then as she let me go she told me . to . hurry to my second job while she tries to save a life . Super irked ! If you only knew ..... 
Another day , another dollar .... bout to grab some breakfast with my son first . Solid , Solid lol 
I live for myself but say I serve Jesus . I'm like a philly gas staton always on empty so I'm coming to self-serve :: Random thoughts of my inadequacies :: 
What are you doing right now ? Call the P215 Prayerline now at 218-486-1600 code : 422289 and get the encouragement and prayer you need ! 
The You know what's utterly perplexing , is that african americans around the world all know the name Lebron < PROPFIRST > and will hace intense debates concerning his life and talent . However when the names < PROPMALE > Till , Thurgood < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > Washington Carver , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , and lastly President Obama many folks scratch . their heads .... 
I am extremely disturbed about this < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > situation . Not that the girl made a foolish mistake with a boy but that she was cyber bullied thereafter and in less than 24 hours she is the top name on google , has over 22,000 followers on twitter , and an embarrassing video of a 14 year old giving oral sex is floating on every social network . Keep in mind since she's 14 this is considered child pornography . The audacity of our society to judge her though as if we don't feed our kids this stuff through the media , they are obese with lewdness and sexual immorality , they have only become a product of their controlled environment . I pray for all my sisters today ... 
Just a heads up I hate when people post or cross promote on my < PROPFEMALE > without asking me first . Even if I support you or the event I would appreciate if you asked me first instead of trying to plug into my network automatically . #justsaying 
Nothing is what it seems ... 
People are with you for a reason , if that reason is superficial and should change , grow , or diminish then those people will change , grow , and diminish right with it . Don't hold them to close , they'll never love you to a cross . Never ! 
Follow Da Union on Twitter ! @UNboys they just ministered at Christian Compassion in Chester , Pa . 
I was just reminded how much I love < PROPFEMALE > Smith . She is sooooo blessed ! Her music just puts me right there . 
\Becoming a Christian isn't about acting right . It's confessing we're wrong . \ " - Lecrae " 
These lil girls out here wild , and us dudes is just as much out of control ( not just sexually but textually ) . No wonder they dont want our Jesus .... < frustrated reflective sigh > #4me2 
Help us get past 100 Likes :) Go to -------------> Project ( 215 ) Inc . and \like\ " our < PROPFEMALE >." 
