wonders ... how long is it acceptable to leave up Christmas decorations ? I mean , when do people start giving you odd looks when they see the Christmas tree ? :) 

has to drive today . :( Within the next hour , actually . 
will be spilling ketchup on her shirt in 5 ... 4 ... 3 ... 2 ... oh , there we go . 
has probably gotten 13 hours of sleep total since last Thursday night . And no , she doesn't have a good excuse as to why . 
thinks it's hot outside . Just in case no one got that little memo . Yay , second day of summer ! 
wonders why they ruin perfectly good raviolli by putting this weird stuff in the middle . Wait ... it's because then it'd just be pasta . 
is still eating a chocolate < PROPFEMALE > she got for her birthday ... in April . It's a good < PROPFEMALE > , though ... I think it was from < PROPFEMALE > ? Yes . Thanks , < PROPFEMALE > , for the yummy chocolate < PROPFEMALE > . The closest thing to a friend I've spent time with this week . 
is loving VBS so far ! The music is great , as always . :) 
is baking cookies ! 
Happy 40th man-on-the-moon-iversary ! :) 
wants waffles . Or maybe pizza rolls ? Ooh , or sweet tea ! ... Ok , actually she just wanted to update her status , but she couldn't think of anything better to say . :) 
thought of all her dear Texas friends today as she took a stroll in the rain . And she laughed . 
has blisters on her feet . Ow ... 
had fun today ! Happy almost birthday , < PROPFEMALE > ! 
has six misquito bites and one unidentified bite from camp . My mom says it looks like a fire ant bite . But there are no fire ants in Kansas , are there ??? 
is frustrated . It seems like everyone is assuming I'm falling away from God just because I'm about to start college . And what am I supposed to do on Wednesday nights now that I'm no longer in the youth group ? 
Thinks she should buy post-it notes for college . I looks like they'd come in handy , don't you think ? That's what I need to buy by Saturday- post-it notes and a hand-towel . ... And a bag of jolly ranchers ! :) 
is thinking ... is it really only 2 days from now ? Wow , time flies . 
is at Baker . Yay . But I can't get my internet to work ! :( 
STILL can't get her computer to work ! AGH ! 
should have eaten dinner tonight . I'm hungry ! But it's ok- I have jolly ranchers . :) 
woke up at 6:20 on her last day of summer . Why , you ask ? Well , she doesn't know , either . She also just found out the has a 300+ < PROPFEMALE > book to read by class Friday . How ... lovely . :/ 
paid WAY too much for books today . People are always talking about how expensive the nursing program is , but I've never heard anything so bad about music ! 
HATES TRIG ! She's not even in trig ! Why is she studying trig ? ARGH !!! ... Welcome to college , yes ? 
HAS INTERNET ON HER COMPUTER !!! * sings * I'm so happy ! No more midnight library runs ! * does a jig * Did I mention I was REALLY happy ? 
loves my zeta roomies ! 
feels a general feeling of comraderie with her rommates , who have both recently become affiliated with a sorority by the name of \Zeta Tau Alpha . \"" 
thinks she had a dream earlier about doing her math . And now she wishes it was true . :( 
can't help but get the feeling that she forgot to go to something today . Like go to a class ? Maybe a meeting ? Hmm ... 
' s dog died today . Very sad . 9:34 am . RIP < PROPFEMALE > . :) 
could really use a big bottle of sprite and a nap . 
wonders how long it's going to be before her next free weekend . I mean , seriously ! Is one free day too much to ask ??? 
Hates the feeling at 2 o'clock when everyone else is done with classes but her . 3 classes left today , what's wrong with this picture ? 
is TOTALLY going to make s'mores in the microwave . Not right now ... but when she buys some marshmellows . :) Speaking of mircowaves , does anyone have any good ideas for mircowavable meals ? 
keeps telling herself to start her Calculus homework , but she just won't listen . 
wonders if getting 8 hours is the same as sleeping 4 , 2 and 2 hours in one night . If so , she got a full night's rest . If not , it explains why she's so tired . :) 
isn't sure where to go from HERE ....... This isn't where I intended to BE ...... <3 <3 My heart is black from the pain I must ENDURE ...... But God is my refuge and my strength . In Him alone I will trust . NOT in the forces of darkness that plague this world in which I LIVE ......... AMEN ! 
Today is my granny's birthday . It's also the anniversary of the founding of the first birth control clinic , as well as the anniversary of the execution of < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > . So on that note , happy birthday , Granny ! :) 
really , really dislikes music theory . Who CARES if it's a diminished seventh chord or only a half-diminished seventh chord ? I don't! 
Needs to develop healthy sleeping habits . And eating habits . And study habits . 
just noticed that she has the same number of freinds and photos of herself on facebook ! How awesome is that ? Maybe 219 is her lucky number ? 
wonders ... is it sad that I don't want to make any new friends on facebook , just so I can keep my number of photos and friends the same ? 
just FINALLY finished her paper , and is now heading back to her dorm from the library . Just in case I go missing , someone will read this and know where I was supposed to be . See , Mom ? And you thought I had no sense of self-preservation . :) 
is appearently worth $36 when combined with a < PROPFEMALE > pie . Is that a good or bad thing ? 
is awake at 2:30 am . And doesn't know why . 
' s wall is no longer domintated by a single conversation ! Now it almost looks like she has friends ! :D 
needs to go to Walmart sometime beteen now and Friday at noon . She's half-tempted to go tonigt at 11:00 just to avoid the crazy Thankgiving/Black Friday lines . 
doesn't think she remembers anything she learrned before Thanksgiving Break . And doesn't really care to remember . 
Is done with her first ( and arguably worst ) final ! Done with essays for this semester , at least . :) 
just had the worst piano jury EVER . Then again , it's the only piano jury she's ever had ... 
hates technology . Or maybe it's technology that hates her . Seriously . 
has decided she want her hair to grow back out to the length it was in her profile picture . If only that could happen overnight ... 
has suddenly come down with a lovely bit of allergies . How ... irritatingly unpleasant . 
still can't leave the house . Not just because our streets aren't cleared , but because my mom panics at the the thought of her children in the snow ( just on foot ) for more than 5 minutes at a time . Grr . 
is going to finally leave the house tomorrow , for the first time since Thursday ! Thank goodness ! 
This is a request to everyone who lives anywhere near me ... if you haven't thrown out your cardboard boxes from Cristmas yet , can I please have them ? I need them for a \little\ " < PROPMALE > project I'm working on . :) \ 
is SICK OF THE SNOW DAYS !!! One was fun , two was ok ... but three is too much . Grr . 
is fighting the urge to write a really melodramaitc status . Maybe it's due to the sleep deprivation . 
will probably be spending less than $50 on books this semster , due to a combination of thrifty-ness and pure dumb luck . :) 
How common is it to be able to put in contacts , but not put in eye drops ? Because I freak out every time that stupid bottle comes near my eye . :/ 
I have 7 classes on Wednesdays ! Calculus , Piano Lessons , Voice Lessons , Psychology , LA112 , Choir , and Intro to Education . ... I think I can safely say I will hate Wednesdays this semester . 
Just came across the name \Laurel Orrell . \ " Poor girl . " 
Someday , I will have my own house . And in that house , I will have a tv . That tv will have a remote . And I will be in control of that remote . Oh , how I long for for that day ... 
I AM SO BORED !!!! I've been sitting in front of this computer for 4 hours now . And I have 1 more hour to go . And then I'll do it again for 2 more hours . And yet , my homework is not getting done , for some reason . 
Word for the wise- When the orthodontist gives you a retainer , wear it . Because putting it in after not wearing it for 4 months hurts like the Dickens . Seriously . :/ 
I'm losing my voice ! Im singing notes I've never been able to sing before . Seriously , how often can a soprano hit notes below low C ? :) 
Don't you hate those 5 minutes before you go to class , where you can't really start anything , but you can't really leave yet , either ? And then you're just stuck making a quick complaint about it on facebook . :) 
You know you're in college when you look at the clock , see it's almost 12:30 in the morning , and think to yourself , \Hmm ... maybe I'll go to bed early tonight . \"" 
I've been practicing a song for the last couple days , wondering why the chords sounded wrong . Then I realized what the funny little \x\ " s next to the notes mean . How did I ever pass music theory ?? " 
Just had the rudest girl at Fantastic Sams cut my hair in under 4 minutes . Then , after being a total snot , she offered me a lollipop . She couldn't have been over 24 years old . I do not like that woman . Or my haircut . Or the fact that I look like a child , appearently . 
Just listened to the entire soundtrack for The Last 5 Years . Thank you , < PROPMALE > Rector , for giving me a copy of one of the most depressing collection of songs I've ever heard . What's worse is that I can't get the songs out of my head . :/ 
It's 5:16 am , and I'm still trying to figure out a single Calculus problem . I finally gave up , so now it's onto LA , Honors Salon reading , and Psychology . And yet I still find time to make this my facebook status ? What is wrong with me ? 
I cannot believe I'm stupid enough to forget about homework until 6 hours after it's due . I'm guessing my professor won't be taking it late , huh ? :/ 
This week before Spring Break already feels like an eternity . They really are making us earn our vacation , aren't they ? 
I just spent 2 hours at Baker scanning pages out of a textbook . Hello , Spring Break . :/ 
My work ethic is so strange ... I've been spending weeks trying to clean my room , and I always end up doing something else . Then , I randomly decide to play my old gameboy , and next thing I know , I'm vacuuming . How did that happen ? :/ 
is an idiot and forgot to put her sheet in the dryer . Now it is 1am , and she's doing laundry instead of sleeping . Since there's nowhere to sleep . :P 
Some guy is in our house looking at < PROPMALE > our tvs and writing down their model < PROPFIRST > and such . Should I be concerned ? Is my dad that naive ? Are we about to get our house broken into and < PROPMALE > l our tvs stolen ? He said something about tv ratings . :/ 
My birthday is in a week ! Is it sad that I hadn't even been paying attention ? 
Ok ... now that it's 3am , I really need to stop watching youtube and start on my paper . Shame on me . 
I have Jubilant Song stuck in my head . It's annoying . Especially because it's just the part where we sing one obnoxiously high note for 20,000 measures . 
just wants to go home and sleep . But there's no rest for the weary , I guess . Or the lazy people who like to put off every assignment until the day before ( AKA me ) . :) 
Just found out that her history teachers weren't giving conflicting stories of the Boston Massacre , after all . Yes , it was winter- March 5 . And they were throwing snowballs , but they were appearently also throwing rocks and insults ? It's sad that the only version I remember learning in school was the one that made it seem like a Christmastime snowball fight gone wrong . :/ 
just found The BFG at a garage sale ! Totally made my day . What a great book . :) 
just realized that the latest Microsoft Word has a little word count at the bottom , so you don't have to click the button anymore . How nifty is that ? 
3 more days of class ! :D ( Please tell me I counted that right ! ) 
The foot just fell off my penguin earring ! How sad . I like these earrings . Maybe they would look better footless ? 
Just got in my first car wreck . I never struck myself as the kind of person who would start crying from a fender bender . But whatev . Piano juries in less than 2 hours ! :/ 
just finished a 1000 piece puzzle in 6 hours ! That can be interpreted either as really impressive , or really pathetic . 
to any of my friends who know history ( especially APUSH peeps ) ... I was told recently that the separation of church and state falls under our 1st Ammendment rights . How accurate is that ? 
just realized that in the pilot episode of Glee , the little background \doos\ " are doing Moonlight Sonata ! Totally made my day . Are they usually \ " doo-ing\ " classical music ? I've never paid much attention . " 
This dumb cough has kept me up all night . It woke me up last night , too . This is getting ridiculous . :/ 
the cough didn't wake me up at 4am this morning ! What an improvement . It woke me up at 6am instead . This it now 4 nights in a row that I've been awake at odd hours ! Tomorrow : California ! 
I don't care if running around in the rain didn't help my cough- it was totally worth it . :) 
At An iPod store in California ! The original one ! 
found out today that my knee is actually injured ! If I was an athlete , I'd have to miss a few games . But instead , I'll just have to take it easy on the VBS motions . :) 
Oh , how I love Doctor Who . I will never insult British television again ! :) 
Thank you , South Korea , for putting up illegal copies of TV shows for the world to see . I am forever in your debt . I just hope I'm not paying in computer viruses . 
I have now officially attempted to apply to 14 different places in Gardner . Still no job . Grr . 
I probably just got more of a tan in one day in Kansas than I did in a whole week in California . SO not fair . ( Granted , that's not really saying much . ) 
I got a job ! I got a job ! I haven't been this excited since I got my ACT scores back ! :D 
AHHHHH !!!! I am so freaking happy !!!!!! 
I just got the pilot episode of Hot in < PROPMALE > for free on itunes ! 
I really need to make more friends . Especially around Gardner . It's kinda borderline pathetic . 
I need more that 5 hours of sleep a night . And yet it never happens . Why ? 
Anyone need somewhere to go July 4th ? Come to my house ! My church is having a party , so there will be lots of free food , plus a perfect view of the fireworks ! 7pm ! ( Come on , you know you want to ! ) 
Not even 2 more days ! ( Yes , this is one of those cryptic countdowns , where no one knows what I'm talking about . ) 
It's so funny when my Texas friends gets nervous about the tornado sirens . :) 
Does anyone have an ice cream maker they would like to share ? I'm willing to share the ice cream ! It's just that no one is selling any right now . :/ 
Makin ' homemade ice cream ! My life feels just a little happier than it did 4 hours ago ! :) 
Root beer floats- do you put in the ice cream or the root beer first ? 
You can tell we don't have a mom in the house right now- our freezer has 3 different kinds of popsicles , plus a box of ice cream . I love it . :) 
Turned away from yet another job . You know , if they'd just looked at my application a month ago , instead of assuming I was 13 and telling me they're not hiring ( there's a hiring sign on the door ! ) , then maybe we wouldn't be here . I'm not happy . I'm going to go drown my sorrows in a root beer float . 
VBS is awesome ! Exhausting , but awesome . Just sayin ' . Can't wat until tomorrow ! 
foud Bible Drill cards online last night- I was reading verses I didn't know I knew ! It's pretty cool how our memory works . :) 
I'm up at 2am looking up next year's vbs already ! Big Apple Adventure- New York theme ! And the theme song is catchy . :) 
Is it sad that I nearly went to Walmart today to get a \Happy Birthday Harry\ " cake ? " 
I can't believe Im going to England in 24 days ! That's so surreal . 
about to drive to Arkansas ! Wish me luck- I'm not sure my attention span will hold out for that long ! 
Note to self : 7-hour road trips suck when you're going by yourself . Especially when traffic in the middle of nowhere turns it into 8 . 
Quick question to my Baker friends in Honors Salon- which section are you in , Tuesday or Friday ? I asked about staying involved in the Honor's Salon , and now he's making me pick which section to be a part of . :/ 
Seven days . I'll be on a plane to England in 7 days . Holy cow . Should I maybe start packing ? 
So , looking up England weather .... Didn't realize that I probably wont see 70 degrees again until next summer . :( 
Attempting to fill the house with exactly 52 balloons for my mom's birthday . ( No she's not 52 ) . I've got the balloons , but I'm not sure I've got the lungs . Anyone wanna come over and help out ? :) 
About to pack the laptop . This will probably be my last facebook update from Gardner until December . I'll miss you guys ! :) 
Safe and in England . Wow , I'm in another country . :) 
Went to a baptist church this morning . Funny , even Baptists in England provide food after the service ! Granted , here , it was just tea , coffee , and biscuits- no fried chicken . :) 
Falling asleep in class while wearing a shirt that boldly proclaims \Wake up ! \ " Now that's irony . " 
So hungry .... I need to get some snacks next week to soothe these late-night hunger pains . 
Locked myself out of my room when I only have 2 more hours to finish a homework assignment . Brilliant . Also brilliant : the first thing I do when I get back in is update my status . 
So ... I'm starting to think that maybe my Meet-A-Family's thank you card wasn't the best place to practice my cursive ... well , too late now . :) 
I hate my < PROPMALE > class . For being a 105 level , it is way too much work . It kinda makes me want to yell and throw something . But since my roommate is sleeping , I'll just settle with a frustrated , late-night status . UGH ! < Insert throwing pen across the room here > . 
Every time I go get food in Grantham , it always seems to dissapear by the next day . Hum . You know what that means ? It means I should buy more food . Piles of food , glorious food . :) 
Me to Roommate : \Do you know who Doctor Who is ? \ " \ 
So , it's 12:30 am , and my clothes just came out of the dryer , still just as wet as when they went in . I guess I'll have to hang-dry them . Just hope I don't have to wear wet jeans to British Studies tomorrow . 
I still have some salsa left , but I ran out of chips . Sad day . Now I have to throw out perfectly good food ! 
Sad that I'm going to miss the fall colors in Gardner this year . Someone take lots of pictures for me ! 
Too many tests in too little time ... can it be Wednesday night now ? 
Just got my first letter at Harlaxton !!!! < PROPFEMALE > Bales , you are currently my favorite person . :) :) :) 
Really wishing I'd taken AP Euro in high school . It would have been SO helpful . :/ 
Nearly got eaten by a swan today . But not before drinking out of a 3-foot straw . :) 
My mommy ( < PROPFEMALE > Munnerlyn Townsend ) loves me . You know how I know ? Becuse she sent me < PROPFEMALE > . < PROPFEMALE > corn and jolly ranchers and gum ... and fuzzy socks . That's right , be jealous . :) 
For some reason , I can't get on the Baker website from Harlaxton- I haven't been able to all semster . So , I can't check my classes at all , and I really need to start planning my enrollment for next semester . Grr . 
Just saw a spider crawl over my toothbrush . It is going to be very difficult to brush my teeth tomorrow . ... Someone please come squish the spider . Now I can't sleep . O.o 
I now know how my foot became injured . It must have been some sort of karma-like retribution for forgetting my dear cousin , < PROPFIRST > Romack , in the postcard to his family . And I totally deserve it . Sorry ! 
Eating an apple that came off of THE < PROPMALE > tree in Woolsthorpe . Maybe I'll understand my calc now . :) 
Just heard blood-curtling screams from outside my dorm . A bit concerning , to say the least . 
I have to admit , I love the random bits of hail we get around here . It's so weird ! 
It . Is . COLD !!! 
< PROPMALE > Prof : \What does this shape mean ? \ " \ 
just realized that I haven't seen the latest Glee yet , but only because I've been wtching a 5-hour version of < PROPFEMALE > Eyre . After a 90 minute Animal Farm , after a 4-hour Hamlet ( with Divid Tennant ! ) . Ah , BBC ... my new procrastination technique ! I already have North and South ( 4 hours ) and Pride and Prejudice ( 6.5 hours ) lined up . :) 
Mr C . is 2-for-2 on spelling Texas as \Texes . \ " Haha . " 
Playing \Ghost in the Graveyard\ " + 1:30 am + England + being found last every time = awesome . " 
RIP , < PROPMALE > . Even though I was slighly afraid of you , and you tried to eat my foot , I was also very fond of you . You shall be missed . <3 
Rocking out to 5-year-old VBS music . I already can't wait until next year ! :) 
Looking forward to burning Guy Fawkes tonight ! Yeah , that's what you get for trying to blow up Parliament ! .... Your own holiday ...? :P 
I've found the only reason I'd want to leave Harlaxton ... the spiders . Too many spiders . 
So , I lost my ticket during Cadbury world , and almost didn't get to go into our last exhibition thing . Then I got a picture at Cadbury world , but left it on the bus . Then , I got my mom a gift and accidentally dropped it , smashing it to bits . That's what kind of day I've had . :( 
Wrestle-a-thon = epic . Totally epic . 
Writing a term paper on < PROPFIRST > Whitacre . Seriously best paper topic ever . :) 
So ... < PROPFIRST > is fun , but I'm totally kicking myself for speaking in Spanish on more than one occasion , and occasionally even mashing the 2 together . Jambon ... Not a word . Especially when pronounced \ham-bone . \ " And the guy at the desk thinks it's funny to make me speak French . This will be a long weekend . Lol " 
In order to further worsen my Fench/Spanish confusion , a man got on the metro today and started singing \La Bamba . \ " Darn him !!! " 
Put this as your status if you know or are related to someone who was \ 
killed at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry when it was under \ 
siege by Death Eaters in the Second Wizarding War . Over 50 citizens died\ 
in this terrorist attack . 93% of people won't repost this ; will you be part of the 7% that will ? Repost to show your support of Dumbledore's \ 
Army 
Bored to pieces . Does someone want to do my 2,000 word essay for me tonight ? Come on , I've already done almost 150 words of it!That's over 5% ! :) 
It is currently 5am . I am at 900 out of 2000 words . I have my info , I have my outline ... more or less . And ... I have my calculator , which tells me that if I type 6 words per minute , I can be done before British studies at 8:30 this morning . :) 
Paper Update : 2:23 pm . Word count : 1,729 . I need 271 words in the next 2 hours and 37 minutes . Perfectly achievable . If only I had 271 words to say . 
I'm looking for shoes to go with my faerie < PROPFEMALE > comstume for the costume ball Saturday ... does anybody have anything they'd be willing to let me borrow ? I'm a size 6-7 . I would be eternally grateful . :) 
So ... the sun is already completely down . It's 4:45 pm . This is wrong in so many ways . 
I was singing today with the small group choir , and it reminded me of how much I miss < PROPFEMALE > Vargo and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > and our high school soprano-ness . And our 3-part harmony-ness . :) 
So , the < PROPFIRST > Whitacre presentation went really well . So , I'll probably get a C . Maybe a B ... It was A-level work for a 100-level class , but that doesn't seem to matter much to ... a certain professor . 
So ... I didn't even realize that tomorrow was Thanksgiving until yesterday . Kinda sad . :P 
So ... very ... cold ... 
I just got a huge craving for a Sonic burger . 2 more weeks ... Mom ( < PROPFEMALE > Munnerlyn Townsend ) , we are stopping at Sonic on our way back from the airport , fyi . You don't really have a choice . :) 
Snow on the first day of the Christmas season . Heck yes ! ... Though I do wish snow didn't have to mean cold .... :/ 
I just taught myself to almost-whistle ! This is so exciting ! :D 
This place is honestly too beautiful for words right now . I feel like I just stepped into Narnia or a snowglobe or a Christmas scene from < PROPMALE > Potter . It's just ... magical ! 
Went sledding for the first time ever today ! :D 
Next Sunday , I'll be with my church again ! I am SO VERY EXCITED !!!!!! :D :D :D 
Had a dream about going home last night ... The most exciting bit was when I pulled out my cell phone , turned it on , and was able to send a text . :) 
Leaving Harlaxton in 5 hours , 50 minutes .... 
Leaving Harlaxton in 3 hours , 45 minutes ... ish ... 
Home and rested . So happy to be home , but so sad to leave Harlaxton ! 
My dog is rolling in my clothes . I think she missed me . :) 
So , I found out all my stuff has been distributed while I was gone ... My mom took my towel , Jerod is wearing one of my t-shirts , and they used my snowman decoration as a white elephant gift . Love you too , guys . 
three words : AMERICAN PEANUT BUTTER !!!! :D :D :D 
To all my Harlaxton friends stuck in Heathrow , I have two things to say :\ 
1 . Schadenfreude . \ 
2 . I'm praying for you guys , that you all get back home safely and by Christmas morning . :) \ 
I know these are conflicting feelings , but what can I say ? I'm a complex individual , full of contradictions . Like the Victorian < PROPFEMALE > . :) 
Just set the Doctor Who theme as my new ring tone . Heck yeah ! :D 
learning how to set my status from my phone ! :) 
Happy Christmas , everyone ! 
So ... anyone have any great New Year's parties they want to invite me to ? I have sparkling grape juice ! :) 
is about to die a slow , painful death caused by her brain short-circuiting . Darn you , Intro to Modern Hebrew !! 
Coffee-flavored ice cream = best invention EVER !!!! 
I think I've just invented the best hot chocolate recipe in the world . It probably contains enough calories to last you a week , but it is SO GOOD . :) 
First time I'm sick in 2 years , and it has to be the day before spring semester starts . Hopefully , I'll be better by tomorrow . 
Prayed last night that God would make me well , and He did ! No fever ! Isn't He great ? :D :D :D 
I want to be in England !!! :( 
First snow day of the year , and it's on a day that I didn't have class in the first place . I'm hoping for a second one tomorrow , so I can actually benefit from it . :) 
Who came this close to passing out on stage today ? Yup . This has not been a great start to the semester in choir . Lost voice , passing out , all in only 2 weeks ? What's next ? 
Hoping I'll be better by tomorrow ... I asked on Monday if it could get any worse , and I ended up with a fever for THREE DAYS . This is seriously the sickest I've been since elementary school . But I can't miss class , so I've just completely worn myself out . ... Woo hoo . :/ 
Me : I want chalk hearts , but I'm not going to get any , because I don't have a < PROPFIRST > ! :( \ 
< PROPFEMALE > Munnerlyn Townsend : Well , I respect you . \ 
Jerod Townsend : ... I tolerate you . 
Completed another slice of my pie in ALEKS today ! I feel almost comically proud of myself . :) 
According to just about every statistic I've found online , I have a below-average reading speed . I don't want to come across as presumptuous , but this CANNOT be right . What am I doing wrong ? 
Remembered today why I hate going to the dentist . I have to get 5 fillings now . FIVE ! And one of them might turn into a root canal . :/ I dislike my teeth , too . 
I hate that moment when you get out of your car and then suddenly realize you left your phone at home . :/ 
Just got my first birthday card . Nice try , State Farm Insurance , but my birthday is APRIL 9th . :) 
Got a summer job ! :D :D :D And it's gonna be great . :) <-- Note the extreme happiness 
Just tried to look up < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > on my phone to find prom pictures , and typed her name as a status instead . Oops . Hi , < PROPFEMALE > ! :) 
I'm now at the point where I have to decide whether to get 2 hours of sleep , not finish my paper , and be sorta loony all day or stay awake , finish the paper with tons of typos and weird bloopers only made when a person is half-asleep , and learn nothing tomorrow . I choose spending 5 minutes making this my facebook status . 
My summer enrichment project this year- learn to sew . Maybe . :) 
I'm STILL getting emails from Disney for the \Townsend family\ " from the California trip last summer ! It makes me both nostalgic and annoyed . " 
Does anyone on facebook at 1am understand C++ enough to help me with an assignment that was due over an hour ago ? I don't understand functions . :( \ 
\ 
( side note : Never thought I would say this about a class , but WHEN ON EARTH will I ever need computer programming ? Really ? ) 
Public pole : Which is more ghetto- still having your christmas lights up ( and lit ) in March , or using said lights in place of a fence ? 
