Started College on Monday . Everyone who knows my about crapped a brick because I never talked about it with them . Businesses Administration , with a concentration in Visual Communication . :D 

I FINALLY got my copy of \and another thing ... \ " I am overjoyed and can't waiti to finish my essay to start reading it " 
My Business Ethics class started today . The teach is Prof . < PROPFIRST > , but just lets us call him < PROPFIRST > . :] I think I made a good first impression on him with my \evil overlord\ " speech . " 
Today is a schoolwork day . I have a cold or something and no amount of greentea can halt the sinusdrainage . Thats how I got over the swineflu back in Aug . It was like 10cups of tea for 3days . I still felt ill on the 4th day , but not has bad as my family who don't drink green tea . Now before someone goes\Oh you must have allergies\ " allow me to to inform you that you do not see the abominations that shoot out of my nose " 
They say sleep is for the weak , so I must be pretty strong if I don't get any sleep . 
I hope BSU slaughters Idaho State . 
For my BUS207 class , I keep bringing up evil overlords ... oh this will be an interesting paper . XD 
Must ... play .... fable ..... x_X I always apply the egoism theory when I play . =P I usually turn out evil 
My math class is going to get me kicked off the < PROPFIRST>'s List ... I could cry .... 
The family and I got new kittens today . They are a male sibling pair , and are cute as the dickens . Already they have knocked over 1 water bottle , put my computer to sleep , typed 50 characters on my kepbord , opened up Windows help , watched TV , bit me once , and took a nap . It's only been eight hours since we brought them home . 
I'm a little pissed about these comments I read on an editorial that a friend linked me too . I should have listened to him when he told me to not read the comments . Stupid-know-it-all-know-nothing-fliptards , the entire lot of them . 
I had a cat nap with my kittens . Reaper was poking me with his paw , while Rapture was sleeping at my feet . It was so precious . Now they are all awake , and I guess that means I need to too . 
MSN and Hotmail have deicded to stop working for me . I can't access my emails , nor can I log onto MSN . 
Working on maths homework . This is the last assignment for this class , and then I get the week of my birthday off . 
Yippee ! I finished all my class work for this quarter . :3 Spring break is next week , starts on my birthday of all days . The powers that be are making up for all of those years in school that they put standardized testing on my birthday week ... I'm picking up a copy of Atlas Shrugged for my b-day this weekend . 
Another sleepless night ... 
Something happened today that was so heart-wrenching horrible I am never putting off anything as small as saying hello to someone ever again . Now this person is gone , and I will never have that < PROPMALE > again . 
I turn old tomorrow ... 
As of 15 minutes ago ... I am officially OLD . 20 Is so the new gazillion . 
Rapture has claimed me as his , and when he is sleepy , no matter what I am doing , he'll follow me until I sit down , and then climb up on me and go to sleep . He is a most perfect kitten . 
My face .. it feels like someone is punching it from the inside . Stupid sinuses . 
Spring break ends tomorrow ... however i got my assignment list for my new classes early . Sign I should get a head start ? I should think so . 
Got kind of lonely working on class work , I decided to see who all lives out in the local area who wouldn't mind making friends . Since I might be staying here for a while , why not . I do love the local area . 
Reading my Management & Administration textbook , it asked a question that I can't answer : \What is it like to be a manager today ? \ " Anyone know anyone who can answear that for me ? " 
Reaper is discovering sunbeams . He is fighting the < PROPFEMALE > to curl up in them and take a nap . Silly kitten , he wont be able to fight the < PROPFEMALE > for long . 
Why is MSN so quiet today ? 
If you don't see yourself in your enemies , then you don't have real enemies . 
I am < PROPFEMALE > Tired .... time for some caffeine ? I think so ... and then fire zie missiles . 
zomg , yes ... so I made a < PROPFEMALE > yesterday with the ads on my hubpages . I probably wont make one today , Mondays online are usually pretty slow . Slow like MSN , and my University webpage . 
This business-management textbook is killing me . Someone come read it aloud for me , I'll pay you in < PROPFEMALE > ... and snores . 
\Individual rights are not subject to a public vote ; a majority has no right to vote away the rights of a minority . \ " -- Ayn Rand How can you not agree with this ? " 
Alright ... paper time . 
Taking a quick break from homework , 1 paper down 3 to go .... 2 cans of mountain dew .... >_< 
2 assignments down , 2 more to go . 
Those rare times I think I know someone enough to make expectations about them ... they never pull through . 
Alright , working on my Biology essay ... about Whistle Pigs . Haha . 
I really don't get it why the liberals on Facebook have to sent me messages , insulting degrading messages when I have a)not said anything like they are saying to me , b ) I have not addressed any of them , or any person in particular in an insult , and c)just like them talking about the issues at hand . However , somepeople need to come and prove how much ofan asshole they are . All I asked was how is HealthCare Bush's fault . 
The guy who emailed me last night , attacking me , must have thought the insults I returned to him where too much and had to delete his account . Am I a bad person for kicking someone in the shins when they take a lead pipe to my face ? 
Going to do a hub on what my mind goes over when I play TheSims3 
Today my heart , but never my soul . It can only be broken once , but you my love were not ever close . Leave me today , forget me tomorrow . I can run too , to the arms of another . 
Sucks that the jackalopes in farmvil cost money ... reminds me of the chocolate one I made 
Hahaha YES ! Blazing Saddles on AMC , best western comedy ... actually , isn't it the only western comedy ? 
Learning about management is actually pretty enjoyable . 
>_< What lecture of < PROPFIRST > Feynman's was it where he talked about saving time with telling the employess at a company he worked for what they were doing , and they worked faster ... I need to cite the quote for my college class . 
I finally found that quite for my PowerPoint , if I was presenting this project it would have blown . your . minds ! 
Writing about the 5 steps of decision making is hard ... mostly because I never use them . ;P 
I really hate it when an ex boyfriend emails me out of the blue , and then ends a 4 email conversation with ' idk . ' Sorry , but you email me you < PROPFEMALE > on the conversation . There is a reason I broke up with you . 
Celebrating my birthday tonight ... and my new job ! I'm an Avon Lady now ~ The coolest thing about it : I'll be getting my own website with it ! Let me know if you're interested , I'll be sure to get you a link after I set it up . 
In hospital , been in since the 20th . Don't know when they'll let me leave . 
