is officially on facebook now ... 

Waiting for class to start . It's almost freakin Friday ... YES !!!!!! 
It's finally Saturday ... 
Wondering what my mother would do if I went ahead and got the other side of my lip piereced ... XD 
Oh how I love winter ... everything's cold and dead and colorless . It totally rocks . 
I like Tuesdays ... Tuesdays are good . 
I hate being sick . Why do colds have to exist ? 
If electricity comes from electrons , then where does morality come from ? Twenty kudos in my book if you get this right . Haha . 
Ok , so I know most days I really end up liking , but Fridays just rock . So much time and so little to do ... 
I can't believe I'm 21 and still watch \The Neverending Story\ " from time to time . I think the whole concept of the film keeps me sane . " 
It's amazing how much one trip to the doctor can cost . Who wants to spend $295 in one day on their health ? I mean come on ... 
So much to do so little time . I feel like < PROPMALE > Wonka sometimes ... 
It's times like these I just wanna lock myself in my room for a few days and chill . 
Life definitely has some more curve balls to throw at me . But apparently I'm still striking out . 
Who knew only four hours of sleep could make me so sleepy ? 
Today is a good day ... 
Went to the lake , got a farmer's tan , tore down a tree and chunked it into the water , tried to catch this big ass lizard but he was definitely smarter than me . I love this weather ... 
Only have to work two days this week . And then after this week it's spring break !!!!!!! Come on nice weather , you can do it ! 
* sigh * 
I hate not being able to sleep . Sometimes I really wish my brain had an off switch . 
If I can make it through today , then I must be classified as a real trooper . 
Holy crap , it's spring break ... 
My little man is spending the night with me . I haven't seen him since Christmas . Definitely pictures to come ! 
Does anyone really know the true purpose of St. < PROPFIRST>'s Day ? And getting drunk off your ass does not count . 
I don't understand why Oklahoma's weather has to be so damned bipolar . 
So I tried to build this magnificent snow man today , but my dog would not stop attacking it . Instead , I threw snow balls at her for two hours . 
Ah ... back to the school and work life . Dunno if I'm ready yet , but I guess I'd better be , huh ? 
My brain has definitely not caught up from spring break ... Ugh !!!!!! 
It's too early !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I'm sooo tired ... and the sad thing is I was asleep by 1:30 . 
Horoscopes are definitely weird things ... and yes , I am in an aggressive mood today . 
Sometimes I really don't know why I'm here , but other times , I'm glad to still be around . 
Why do girls gotta be so difficult ? What's with the drama and the bullshit ? I just wanna go to bed . 
For some insane reason , I wish it would rain so I could go play in it . 
Played red rover with all my 4th graders today . And , the girls won . That's right . May have taken an hour , but us girls kicked butt ! 
It's Friday ! Tomorrow I getta < PROPFEMALE > with my bestie all day . Murrell Home here we come ! 
We all live in a yellow submarine . 
Let me take you down ' cause I'm goin ' to strawberry fields , nothing is real . And nothing to get < PROPMALE > about . Strawberry fields forever . 
Hospitals really bring me down ... 
I really , really , really hate Mondays . :( 
I really , really hope I can move tomorrow . 
Today's the day ... do or die . 
I have many skills . 
Picture yourself in a boat on a river , with tangerine trees and marmalade skies . 
Had an awesome non-alcoholic birthday XD 
This Monday is just plain rotten , folks . 
My dog is eating her pig's hoof on my bed . I dunno whether to laugh or be completely disgusted . But she seems to be enjoying herself . 
I absolutely HATE the end of semesters ... stress , stress , stress , and more stress . Grrrrrrrr .... 
Does it make you sad to know that life , is more than who we are ? 
Yellow matter custard , dripping from a dead dog's eye . Crabalocker fishwife , pornographic priestess . Boy , you've been a naughty girl you let your knickers down . 
The beauty of life is that you never know what the hell you're gonna get :) 
I'm waking up at the start of the end of the world , but it's feeling just like every other morning before . Now I wonder what my life is gonna mean if it's gone . 
I'll take you down the only road I've ever been down ; you know that one that takes you to the places where all things meet . 
Sometimes , I seriously wish I could fly . 
Oh man . Finals are next week . * sigh * 
It's a beautiful day ! 
Love the hard way . 
Fear is the mind-killer . Fear is the little death that brings total obliteration . I will face my fear . I will permit it to pass over me and through me . And when it has gone past me , I will turn to see fear's path . Where the fear has gone there will be nothing . Only I will remain . 
I missed the sound of thunder :^) 
Why do two people put themselves through hell when they both want the exact same thing ? 
I can change , but I'm here in my mold . And I'm a million different people from one day to the next . I can't change my mold . 
I don't believe that anybody feels the way I do about you now . 
As wicked as you are , you're beautiful to me . 
There ain't nothin like bein in the woods while its raining . 
The remedy is worse than the disease . 
This black sheep's goin out with a bang ! 
Gettin ready to get in a jupiter jump . Haven't been in one in forever !!! 
I quit . 
I am definitely not a morning person ... 
Another sleepless night . This is getting old . 
They call me the \Ant Killer\ " !!!! :-D " 
I have never felt more at peace in my life than I do right at this moment . 
Working in the garden today . It's a beautiful day , but it's hot as hell ! 
And every time I find you , it's your eyes I know for sure ... 
I want sleep !!!!!! 
I hate going to the doctor ... especially when there's blood drawing involved . :-[ 
Hmmm . Feel another sleepless night comin ' on . : | 
When nothing is left , everything is gained . 
Goin to the river with my homie . Gonna be a blast . 
It's funny when you think you've got a person figured out , but then you find you were completely wrong the entire time . I really messed up this time . 
I may be the worst friend in the world , but I'm not leaving her here . 
\My first act of treason was picking up a pen . My first act of love was finding myself again . \"" 
I think this is my sixth viewing of 2 in the morning in a row . Oh how I loathe insomnia ... 
I can't believe it . I'm watching the musical \Cats\ " and I'm enjoying it . :-O " 
It'll never , ever happen . :'( 
There is truly nothing better than taking a long walk in the pouring rain ... 
I love it when it storms at night !!! XD 
Sometimes I wish I had a guy around ... 
She took her clothes off and she said , \Is it alright if I stay the night ? \ " I don't remember what I said . Is it alright ? " 
I think I'm actually gonna sleep tonight . I feel like a weight has been lifted ... 
To be free ... 
It's been freakin ' forever ! 
It's been forever since me and my girl have played guitar hero . And I've never been happier ! 
Oh no , not again . I don't know if I can do it again . : / 
Four more weeks of summer classes ... I can soooo do this . :) 
Is a cuddle too much to ask for ? 
A compassionate hour is never a wasted one . 
You speak of my love like you have experienced love like mine before . 
Flash flood in July , any one ? 
I love the smell of rain at night . Wish I could bottle it up . 
My thoughts are all I have to do ... 
I'm going off the rails of a crazy train ! 
I go to find her in her time of need . Why won't she come find me ? 
What is life if you don't live ? 
There's nothing like driving around , all the windows rolled down , and the radio blasting . 
I'm moving into my new place this weekend ! Go me ! 
It's never really over . Wake the fuck up . 
Screw you , head colds ... screw you . 
I am sleeping in tomorrow , folks . XD 
They still play the old Power Rangers on tv ?! 
Holy crap . School starts tomorrow . 
Huh ? 
Really ? 
Finally starting to get rid of this damn cold . 
Now that I have my own place , I don't have to participate in Black Friday anymore ! Go me !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I have no idea where I'm going , but ya'll are coming with me ! 
I've been waiting months for today . Finally get to bust out The Grinch and share the joy ! 
New Year's < PROPFEMALE > was spent with my boys and < PROPMALE > Marley . Couldn't ask for a better way to ring in the new year . XD 
It is waaaay too freaking cold outside . 
\It is difficult to be born as a human being ; difficult is the life of mortals ; difficult is the hearing of the true path ; difficult is the awakening of enlightenment . \ " ~ Buddha " 
I'm so tired of the cold : my feet are freezing all the time , my hands feel like sand paper and my lips are cracked in several places . Spring , where the hell are you ?! 
Last night was a trip . < PROPFIRST > Kinderknecht , you sir , are a bad influence . 
\I have decided to start things from here . Thunder and lightning won't change what I'm feeling . And the daffodils look lovely today . \ " Cranberries " 
Dear nine inches of snow we're suppose to get , please stay away . I don't want to walk to work in the morning . 
Ok , so I decided not to walk to work simply because I'm pretty sure I would have gotten lost a few feet down the road because of the blizzard that decided to shit upon us . Snow in the eyes and down the shirt , not a good deal , yo . 
So , I hada wait five minutes , in front of the police station , stuck on a hill before this nice old man came along in his big ass truck and helped me push my car up the hill so I could make it to work , even if it was ten minutes late . I think the old man was more prepared than the police were ... obviously . 
Really ? More snow ? I'm going to be covered in bruises by the time this is all over with . I've lost count as to how many times I have busted my ass in this crap . 
Really ? The streets were so clear yesterday . What the hell happened ? 
No snow , no snow , lalalala ! 
I just wanna go to bed . 
She put the seeds in me ; plant this dying tree . She's a burning string and I am just the ashes . 
It's about freaking time . I didn't know the waiting and hurting was going to be worth it , but she most definitely is . Love is a mysterious mystery that I happen to find frustrating at times , but , damn , she is sooo worth it . XD 
Today's a good day . 
Gettin ' away for the day/night . It's gonna be sweet ! 
FREEDOM !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
\What did they aim for when they missed your heart ? \ " ~ WT " 
