Well , today was really weird ... 

is back from camping ... good timess 
whats on my mind ? u decide .... :P 
has M.I.A. stuck in her head .... 
just finished reading the bestest book EVER that she was reading for 3 HOURS strait ! she is sorta sad that the book is over now :( 
Only 2 more days till Mexico !!!!!!! Cant wait !! 
is stuck at the san < PROPMALE > airport .... hopefully not till 9 tho ..... 
is missin ' mexico and hope all of ya guys going to creationfest have a big bunch of FUNN ! 
its a lovely day to go skimboarding !! :) 
computers are reallly hurtful sometimes .... 
oww still has that cut from the computer ...... oww 
is LUVIN ' the weather !! And hopes it stays like this for awhile ! <3 
is having a hard time thinking right now ... BUT its summer so i dont have to ! :] 
is going to see a movie and going shopping with her cousin !! 
tucker turned 11 TODAY !!!!! WOOP WOOP ! :D 
is surounded by blankes and in her favorite pajama bottoms on her big cofty couch ... life is good ! 
issss chillin ' at BCF 
tucker is a DORK !!! 
uggg brothers ....... 
i declare that i officially despise BRACES !!! 
is listening to her brother talk to himself about some dumb video game ... He's saying ; \KILL THE BAD GUYS ! \ " Or \ " He's loaded with bombs ! \ " and \ " whoa awesome\ " tucker is defiently a 11 year old boy .. " 
is whatching My Fair Lady . its a great movie ! 
stuuuuuuupppppiiiidddd computer being slow ! 
MAGICAL . 
doesnt know what to write .... and is still contiplating if that is a good answer for \ what is on your mind\ " .... ugg " 
ha . mom is in a frantic trying to find the remote .. haha mom ... 
is going to spend tuck's last day before school walking around , finally finding who his teacher is , and getting his hair trimmed .. 
tucker had his first day of school today ! 
want to be in her creative zen but sadly isnt feeling it .. :( 
really didnt want to be up this early .... ohh well .... :) 
got back from church ! :D 
is tired .... goodnight peeps .. ugg first day of school tomorrow ! funtabulous .. 
is finished with todays school work , done with chores , and is listening to the radio ... life is good .. :) 
just finished jogging in semiahmoo and feels good .. once she got home she had cookies and milk ... funny how that works . :D 
is feeling languorous today .. 
if i were good i wear a cape too ... ;P 
is tired ... ( sigh ) ... :/ 
really wants a big huge cookie !!! 
:| 
ha , tucker ran into the wall , not on purpose .. ahh that was < PROPFEMALE > funny . 
guess what ? its mah birthday ! =D 
is happy that it is < PROPFEMALE > now :) 
Whats on your mind ? Let me know .. :) 
Youth group thingy today ! :) 
is spacey .... :P blahh 
is gunna read her book ... =D 
i really do love < PROPFEMALE > .. :) 
has weezer stuck in her head :) 
can't wait for the office tonight ! :) 
is done babysitting .. the little girl wanted me to go to the Wiggles concert with her and her dad .. But i declined .. it was sooo depressing ! she looked like she was going to cry ! then i told her i would go next time .. lol 
< PROPFEMALE > is coming soon !! she is the most coolest 4 year old < PROPFEMALE > !! she has pink hair and calls me Tootie .. ( when i first met her she saw me run and she told tucker \i didnt know Tootie could run ! \ " thats how i got my name ) lalalala ! cant wait ! " 
< PROPFEMALE > IS HERE !! :D 
thinks she going to read and THEN do school in awhile ... Ugh school SUCKS !! :/ 
is listening to music !! <3 happy time ! 
isnt feeling so well :/ 
Bye Bye < PROPMALE > ! I'll miss ya < PROPFEMALE > much ! :,( 
I sorta feel bad for muffins cuz everyone says that muffins are ugly cupcakes , im pretty sure that makes muffins have low self esteem or a lil ' sad .. don't be sad muffins !! i dont think ur ugly !!! :P 
done with school .. now going to fold the laundry . :/ 
ohh jeez why am i < PROPFEMALE > mad at everyone ?! i just want to hit someone with a big huge book ! ha ! and the book will say , \How To Control Your Anger\ " ha ! thats very ironic ! ARG ! ahhhh ! I hate mood swings !!! AHH ARG ! " 
mah room is clean !! Oh ! Guess what ? i decorated my room some more too ! =D 
is listening to some more weird music ! :P 
its pouring down rain ! i just want to go outside and splash around in the puddles !! i love the rain ! 
its < PROPFEMALE > now ! 
ehhhh its not < PROPFEMALE > anymore .. 
hahaha !! i found the saftey glasses !!!! 
youth group soon ! :) 
ugh ... why this morning ? why couldn't tucker be annoying and obnoxious tomorrow ? 
YAWN ! im tired .. going to go to bed .. goodnight everybody .. ugh big day tommorrow .. 
sorta understand live feed and news feed but its still sudden .. why does facebook always change things randomly ? 
going to go to the dance tonight ! :) 
< PROPFEMALE > juice .. <3 
Be who you are and say what you feel , because those who mind don't matter , and those who matter don't mind . - Dr. Suess . <3 
I dream of a better place where chickens can cross the road without their motives questioned .. 
going to eat oatmeal :) then i have to do homework and then babysitting .. :/ 
tucker is super stressed about his friends Halloween partay tonight . its really funny ! he gets ooper nervous and asks < PROPFEMALE > many questions and when u dont answer fast enough he freaks out even more ! 
went outside a few minutes ago ! i love this weather !! :D 
Guess what ?! its HALLOWEEN !! :D 
im bored .. super duper bored .. i dont know what to dooooo .... ughhh today has been really realllyyyy slow .. ugh :( 
ahhhhh when i answered the phone a lady said hi < PROPFEMALE > and kept on talking i had to tell her it was < PROPFEMALE>'s daughter and i gave the phone to my mom ... this happend before ! do i really sound like my mother ? 
i got vanilla twilight by owl city stuck in my head :) 
i gots some skittles and mulah !! :D 
When you fall into a bottomless pit you die of starvation .. 
dang ... i wish it was friday already ... this week has been super slow ... :( 
its < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > outside ! i love this type of weather ! its so fun to run in ! :D 
has Jem and the Holograms theme song stuck in my head .. i love that show ! 
is eatin ' ramen and is listening to my weird music ! <3 :) 
which is better , apple jacks or fruit loops ? 
Ok .. new question .. What's your favorite Dum Dum flavor ? 
Today was so off . It was really weird . :/ Oh ! One more check-up and I won't need braces anymore ! :D 
really wants to watch the nightmare before christmas .. i love that movie ! 
Forget and not slow down by Relient K , is a really good song :) 
sang for worship practice again ! :D A few more practices and I'm going to be singing for church service ! :D 
lock-in tonight ! :D cant wait ! 
God is awesome ! The way He controls the weather is so incredible ! 
had < PROPFEMALE > much fun at the lock in but is really really tired .. 
it's freezing ... burrr .. why does it have to be sooo < PROPFEMALE > .. :( 
is in love with M& Ms. . 
THE FACEBOOK TRICK : press up , up , down , down , left , right , left , right , b , a , Enter key , then left click and magic circles will appear . the only way to get rid of them are to log off or refresh the page ... IT WILL WORK ! put this as your status if it works 
ahaha school is done , chores done , room clean , and done babysitting .. yusss .... :D 
today is friday ! :D 
just got done making erasers and shrinky dinks with tucker for his class trade fair ... 
I love The Sound Of Music ! :D 
ehhhh i hate mondays ... 
has nothing to say ... 
HAPPY , HAPPY , HAPPY THANKSGIVING !! May your tummy's be full by the end of the night ! :D 
ahhh .. Delicious dinner topped off with pumpkin pie and peppermint ice cream .. ohhh im < PROPFEMALE > stuffed ! :D 
Room is clean again .. yus ! Now going to read A Wrinkle In Time in my comfy chair .. :D 
blahhh .. :P 
I really want it snow . 
HOW many seashells DID < PROPFEMALE > sell by the seashore ? 
listening to hawk < PROPMALE > , relient k , switchfoot , ect . on pandora ! :D 
ugh .. Tucker gives me a headache .. 
Ahh , it's < PROPFEMALE > outside ! :D 
\Like oh my grawsh gals ! \ " Ahhhh . It's < PROPFEMALE > fun to say ! ahhaaha " 
When < PROPFIRST > Swift sang a song about < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > did she know how the story ended ? It wasn't a great ending . People died in the process . 
Google is pretty amazing ... 
Oh wow . Tomorrow is going to be a long day . Waking up early to drive to Portland . Fun fun . 
snow :D 
Ugh I hate the slushy snow on the road . It makes me feel depressed that the snow is slowly going away . :( 
Arg ! Went to the orthodontist to see when I'll get my braces off , but instead they decided that I need to have another brace somewhere and I'm going to have to wear rubber-bands again but somewhere totally different in my mouth ! I seriously think that I'm going to my grave with braces on my teeth ! I hate it ! 
Got bored so I'm going to have purple hair again ... >:P 
Ahh ! I'm so happy ! I won't be bored ' cause I get books to read ! :D .... I feel like such a nerd . 8 ) 
babysitting .. Kids watching veggietales .. 
Tomorrow is christmas < PROPFEMALE > and then after that is ... Guess what ? CHRISTMAS DAY !! :D 
You know when its almost Christmas when you wake up to Christmas songs in your head , wondering if your brother will like the thing you got him , how are you going to make it through your crazy family Christmas party , and you start singing O Holy Night , and Joy to the word randomly . :D 
Now listening to Christmas music on pandora ! :D 
Church Candlelight service soon .. :) 
Hopes everyone has a great Christmas !! 
Got a bunch of books , New relient k and stellar kart music , and a new camera ! :D 
Listening to Relient K's forget and not slow down album . It's super good . :) 
Hangin ' with my cuz < PROPFEMALE > . Curses < PROPFEMALE > !! Theres an x on the door and it hit my head ! haha :P 
you have been hacked by < PROPFEMALE > Eastwood !! watcha got to say about that ??? 
After I'm done doing to dishes I'm going to change into comfy clothes and eat something good and read .. 
Reading all day and then listen to music the best . 
Relaxing .. Finished my book . It was really really good . Hopefully I'll be able to buy the third , fourth , and fifth books of the series with the gift card I got from Barnes and < PROPMALE > today . Oh how I love books ! 8 ) 
I like the Whatever you like by < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > wayyy better than the other version . 
Goodbye 2009 . This year had a lot of ups and downs . I bet all of us had some weird experiences , happy days , a horrible week , but all in all this year made us all learn something . Whatever that something might be , I hope we have a awesome new year ! Hello 2010 ! :) 
Listening to my Cds Coco made . I'm now addicted to it ! 
YAWN ..... 
Making cupcakes ! :D 
¡u ? op ? p ? sdn bu ????? ?,? ¿ ???? ss ? nb <- 
Oh the irony ! Ahhh .. :) 
Last night I lay in bed looking up in the stars and the sky and I thought to myself , where the heck is the ceiling . 
So think real slow don't forget that yes is yes and no is no . About the way you want to go . Cause I may forget the way to get back home . This is the end if you want it . 
Before criticizing someone , walk a mile in their shoes . So , when you do criticize them , you're a mile away and have their shoes . 
I love it when you wake up feeling refreshed and notice that you got out of bed around 11 . Best feeling ever ! 
Muhahaha ! Finally got the Welcome To The Black Parade album by My Chemical Romance on my computer so I can listen to it . Yush .. 
Decided to save up money now .. Ahh I feel so frugal ! 
Keep on having songs from the 70s and 80s in my head . :D 
Yay ! It's friday !! :D 
So Tucker doesn't have school , that means I get to watch him . Oh joy . :P 
I love how I wake up and my room is this pretty shade of blue because of my curtains . Then I pull the curtains back , and my room brighter than before . :) Ahh . I love it .. 
Dang .. My facebook changed . It's so weird ! :/ 
Today was a really weird day . Not as in haha funny weird . More like when you get the feeling that you've been abducted by aliens and put you on a alternate universe weird . I don't know if any of you people that are reading this ever had that feeling , but still it's a pretty WEIRD feeling . 
Babysitting Tucker . He's such a nerd . He's watching < PROPFEMALE > Wars episode 3 . He watch episode 2 yestuday and the day before that episode 1 . < PROPFEMALE > Wars is good , but the first three episode aren't as great as episodes 4 , 5 and 6 . Episode 5 is the best out of them all . Ha , did you know that on WikiAnswers.com there is a < PROPFEMALE > Wars movies catagory ? I'm glad that there are nerds like me out there .. 8 ) 
Why does coffee smell sooo good , but taste sooo bad ? 
Is it just enough for you to breathe ? I'm begging . Is it not enough to just have me ? Is it just enough for you to be ? I'm trying . And where I go you will follow ... 
Aggg .. < PROPFEMALE > irritated .. >:[ 
Little kids were playing outside this morning .. They were yelling and shrieking and making a bunch of noise . Somehow I thought it was summer because in the summer , all the kids play outside early in the morning . Then , I went back to reality and remembered that it's still february . Sigh .. :( 
wants to know what is on facebook's mind ... 
Do you have a rocket ship Potter ? You know , not all of us inherited enough money to buy out NASA when our parents died ! 
Just wrote a really awesome satus , and was about to post it and bask in eternal < PROPFEMALE > and such only to find out that it was too long . I am now very dissapointed and quite depressed . No eternal < PROPFEMALE > today I guess . :( 
You're so careless , why can't you smile . That's behind us . I've walked that mile . These dark moments can take a tole on me , please don't think I'll act so cowardly . 
Today I was doing schoolwork ( how joyous right ? ) . While doing my homework ( thats funny because I'm homeschooled :P ) , I was listening to some music . Feeling somewhat distracted ( I would stop for a second to listen to the lyrics ) I turned off my music and started working on social studies . While doing so , I felt sooo bored and kept on stoping to do something else . It turns out I work so much better with music . :D 
Ladedadeda ! Ladedadeda ! Whats the name of that song !? 
Chewing gum . Chewing gum is so gross , chewing gum I hate the most . 
Oh , what if all the raindrops were lollipops and gumdrops , oh what a rain it would be ! Standing outside with my tounge open wide Nah Nah Nah Nah Nah Nah Nah ! Oh what a rain it would be ! 
Which is better , pears or peaches ? 
No more braces for me !! They are finally off ! I think it has been almost three years since I've had them .. wow .. :D 
Oooooh ! I hear thunder ! I love this weather ! :D 
It's not really smart to run into walls all the time . Ow . My head hurts . :/ 
May the 4th be with you .. 
Has a mix of The Shins and My Chemical Romance stuck in my head . Put them together and it sounds really cool ... 
Ha , just remembered that my 88 year old grandma called me a sexy babe yesturday ... That doesn't happen often .. :P 
I have < PROPFEMALE > little craters all over my legs . It's gross and cool at the same time . If you're super duper white and burn , I suggest sunblock .. :P 
< PROPMALE > GO MAKE SOME POPCORN !! >:P 
Got my sketch pad and new pencils today ! :D :D 
Happy birthday Tucker !! Stop getting older !!! :P 
Cried sooo much watching a Korean movie ! It was so depressing and so good at the same time ! Ah ! I'm still snotty and teary eyed after the movie . 
Parents ... Their dorks . tch ... ( shakes head back and fourth ) 
Oh the power of words .. >:D Muahahaha .... 
Huzah ! I finally changed my profile picture ! >:D 
Guess who got Advance proficiency on her MSP test ? ME !!! :D 
Got a new cell ! :D 
Aww shucks guys .. I feel so loved ! tehe Thanks for all the birthday wishes ! :) <3 
I think I'm addicted to music .... 
RIP < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ... Definitely pray for his family .. It's so sad .. :'( :'( :'( 
Ugh ... Youngsters these days ... ( shaking head in disapproval ) Sigh . 
\Because words hurt more than physical violence ... \ " >:) " 
I was on a website and I was looking a something someone typed out , and I thought it was in another language . I was somewhat confused and had to put my eyes closer to screen to see if it was actually in < PROPMALE > ( like I thought ) . Turns out someone was typing in text . Ooooh silly me .... 
Blue ocean , blue ocean , blue ocean . Just breathe in , aaaaand out . Blue ocean .... 
Oh the irony ... 
I have no idea what to say to my fellow facebookers .. I guess I could say I have veggitale songs stuck in my head , or the fact that I have a weird obession of wearing big huge headphones even though I'm not listening to music , buuuuuuuut , I have no clue ... Goodness I'm weird ... 
Sometimes I pretend to have the force .... If only I had stronger midi-chlorians and jedi prowess . That would be freaking uh-mazing ! 
What's on my mind at the moment ? Bleeeehhh ... Just bleeeeehh . :P 
I told myself I would never do this .. Sigh .. okay , If you \like\ " my status I will tell you : 1 ) Something I've learned about you from looking at your wall for 13 \ 
Once again , I have nothing better to say then bleeehhhh . It has now become a frequent word I say . I'm not sure if this is good , bad , or just ...... blehhhhh .. :P 
Oooh ! I feel so much better talking to Shaunea and < PROPFEMALE > ! I also had a blast with < PROPFEMALE > ! Don't you love it when you feel totally uplifted ? I know I sure do ! I just wanna praise The Lord Almightly ya know ? :D 
Just fell in love with the song \Sink or Swim\ " by The Fold . It's so good ! :D " 
ROAR !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! >:O 
It smells like teen spirit ... 
Writing . Thats what I be doing ... :P 
Happy Veteran's Day ! Thanks to those who served for our country ! :D 
I just can't think of anything to say ... This seems to be happening a lot . Hmmm ... 
The weather is acting bipolar , why can't it just make up its mind and snow already ?! 
PLEASE\ 
put this on your status if you know someone who has been eaten by \ 
Dragons . Dragons are nearly unstoppable and in case you didn't know , \ 
they breathe fire . 93% of people won't copy and paste this , because they\ 
have already been eaten by dragons , 6% of people are sitting in the \ 
shower armed with fire extinguishers and the remaining 1% are awesome \ 
and will repost this ... :D 
Listening to Led Zeppelin while ripping Pink < PROPMALE > , Fleetwood < PROPMALE > , Skid Row , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > , and the older < PROPFEMALE > songs to my computer . Oh yeah , I'm totally in love with this music . :D 
My mom knitted me some home < PROPFEMALE > de fingerless gloves today . That's cool and all , except the part where there was a right handed gloves instead of a left handed glove . Thanks < PROPFEMALE > , but I'm not some weirdo with two right hands .. >:P hehe 
Happy Thanksgiving EVERBODY !! :D 
A lot of weird indie songs keep crawling up in my mind . Those little songs keep on controlling me to hum along with their tune . It's like a musical brainwash ... (-_-) 
Whaaaaaaaat ? I mean , like really ? It's just ... Egad .... Ehhhggg ... I just can't seem to understand < PROPFIRST > Bieber lovers and haters ... It's just , ehhhh , I can't twist my mind around that topic .. This is seriously damaging my brain .. ha ha 
Changeyour FB profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To not see a human face on FB till Monday , December 6th . Join the fight against child abuse , copy & paste to your status and invite your friends to do the same . 
Don't you love it when you listen to one of your favorite songs that you haven't listened to in awhile ? The song gets more amazing , and I get all happy and excited !! :D 
Oh my goodness ! Oh my goodness ! :D It's here its here its here !!!!! Oh , and the new facebook profile is weird ... haha 
A sudden rush of tiredness just hit me .. Noooooooooo ... :\\ 
I throw my skittles in the air sometimes , saying ayo , taste the rainbow ... :P 
Thank goodness for google , mapquest , and pandora ... haha 
It's funny how I know most of the lyrics to the songs playing on the 80's playlist on Pandora . I'm just special like that . XD 
I keep on having really weird dreams lately ... Today's dream involved a girl I haven't talked to in years asking me to go to a LIGHTS concert with her , but this boy who I barely knew told me she was crazy so I turned her down . This all happened in a car at a Walmart parking lot at night . Weird huh ? haha 
Mom , I'm quite sorry that you never thought of putting me into a beauty pageant when I was younger , but that does NOT mean that you can throw me into one of those things now ! I don't want you to start acting like a stage mom , and seriously ? Me , the slightly awkward girl posing in front of weirdos ? No thank you . You can fantasize all you want , but please keep it to yourself . You're scaring me a bit ... 
We got our puppy today ! She is so adorable and cute ! :D 
Sometimes I wish I was a bear , because I would be able to eat a bunch and then sleep it off for the whole winter . No one would judge for the excess amount of food and sleep , because dude ! I'm a huge ferocious bear ... Roar ... haha 
Singing HEY NONNY NA NA NA NA ... 
Ob-La-Di Ob-La-Da 
I'm polymerized tree sap and you're an inorganic adhesive , so whatever verbal projectile you launch in my direction is reflected off of me , returns to its original trajectory and adheres to you . :D 
Copy this and paste it in your status if you know someone , or have heard of someone who knows someone . If you don't know anyone , or even if you've heard of someone who doesn't know anyone , then still copy this . It's important to spread the message . Oh and the hearts ? ? ? for cryin ' out loud , don't forget the hearts ! 
Brrr ... 
Eating large amounts of slimy noodles with my hands makes me feel rebelious ... Muahaha ... 
