watching best damn hooters !!!!!! YAY !!!!!! 

i won $100 on a lottery ticket WOOOO !!!!! 
man .... im awesome !!! 
i was just thinking ...... i think im the most awesome person ever ! dont you guys agree ? lol , no but seriously ... im awesome :) 
i got my temps today woo !!!! 
yay lions finally won a game after 19 straight losses lol 
im sore from the work out yesterday lol 
poor tigers , that blows 
got my phone yay text me 419 407 0494 
hippocrits !!!!!! 
facebooks kinda lame dont you guys think ? 
< PROPMALE > sharry or < PROPFIRST > delete me from vertical toledo because i dont wanna get stuff im not a part of anymore 
happy new year 
messed up my toe last night .......... 
i hate people 
Did slides for vertical at cedar creek , i have to say , i havent seen slides done more beautifully than i did , I AM AWESOME !! 
The Toxic Avenger is one of the best movies i have ever seen 
People , i need some poker chips for texas holdem , i seem to get in rooms where a lot of fags get lucky 
people i need some chips help me out 
my peeps , give me some poker chips ..... please .... 
up to 3400 chips in texas holdem .... no thanks to you guys 
i have 11,996 chips , thanks no one , except for someone i dont even know for 4000 , you guys are not my friends 
WPP 4-Life 
I hate the summer heat ........ summer sucks 
what is with these severe thunderstorms in the night ? 
i did the cameras at cedarcreek saturday services , it was fun ..... im amazing lol 
i love the movie breakfast club , best movie ever 
Going to go poop on my bro's drumset , WHATS UP !?!?!? 
The Armastus band did awesome in the show , better than the headliner and majority of the other bands 
check out the armastus debut video on youtube and on their myspace 
i love how the majority of the time i eat pizza i burn the top part of my mouth 
5657654321654332154654654654654654.88.321654987654687645564 ... 98798.7.6.4.6.5.4.7.8321931283173219321823171239321832173129879878979879876846545631 
i am part of the Kool Kids Klub 
thanks for all the bday wishes everyone 
hey peeps check out the cod vid i put up , hard to find but put in the youtube search\ 
\cod modern warfare 2 throwing knives ricochet secret snipes\ " check out the game me and my friend made up and some sweet throwing knife kills " 
on youtube on the search type in \cod modern warfare 2 throwing knife ricochet secret snipes\ " and click on the link that pops up as \ " cod modern warfare 2 throwing knife ricochet\ " its a cool vid with cool throwing knife kills " 
i dont like you 
you suck ! 
man im stuck in this chimney , im feeling powerless , hopes no one takes advantage of < PROPFEMALE > claus , im feeling very vulnerable right now , someones thinking of something naughty right now 
i hate being up early 
bowling was awesome and so was billiards 
On and on reckless abandon somethings wrong this is gonna shock them nothing to hold on to we'll use this song to lead you on 
to all of you going to school , goodnight ! 
I really need to change my ways 
My mom wants to fight with me ....... 
the beatles rock 
when i try to let a fire burn out , it seems like more wood is placed into it 
I eat farts like chocalate :) 
i realized .... that i have no friends ..... lol 
The band Armastus is playing at Frankies this thursday and at the speedway this saturday , if you wanna come let me know and ill give you more information about it 
hey peeps my bros band is playing this thursday and saturday , thursday at frankies and saturday at the speedway hit me up if you wanna come we got tickets 
< PROPFIRST > Got Owned 
my phone is off if you try to call or text me thats why im not answering , and ill tell you when i get it turned on again 
To the Omni to see Armastus 
im down with a sickness ........ and it sucks 
you are really dumb ... for real ... 
doing the production stuff at the creek is cool 
i am bored .... 
i got boo'd last night 
going to see jackass 3d today , WOO !!! 
jackass 3d was awesome ! 
I like watching Mile < PROPMALE > and leaving my facebook logged on !!! 
watched paranormal activity 2 today , it would of been better if there would of been better behaved people in the theatre , but its was still ok 
Fable 3 tomarrow at midnight 
Fable 3 is awesome !!!! 
got back from taking < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > trick or treating 
does anyone have a flash drive that they dont use anymore ? 
like this if you my friend and wanna stay on my friends list , if not liked i will delete you from the list\ 
\ 
love , < PROPMALE > 
if you havent already yet , check out bust-a-cap on my videos , its funny 
hey everyone i want to say my phones off again , so if you tried to contact me and i didnt answer or reply back .... you know why 
i have streptococcus ...... i hate my life 
i dont like majority of the people on my friends list :) 
im a banana look at me moooooove ! 
I love < PROPFIRST > Howze more than anyone , he turns me on . 
BANANA POWER ! 
im so dark ........ im so emo ..... 
Check out the new vid its very sad :( 
new vid up watch it ! 
hey peeps the video easter egging is up check it out 
2 cavities for me :) 5 for tyler >:) 
its snowing outside yay !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
removal begins now ? 
i noticed a lot of my friend on fbook are family lol ? 
my dad got < PROPMALE > rolled lol 
if you have a problem signing into youtube , use your email address ? 
out of 70 people on my friends list , i only have 7 subscribers on youtube ..... whats up with that guys ? 
its SNOWING !!!!! YAY !!! 
9 countries watched my video farts !! 
shoveled the snow from the driveway and had a small snowball fight with < PROPFIRST > , it was awesome ! 
if i was to make a band who would wanna join it ? 
new video should be up by midnight , check my status to see if its up yet , ill put it up once its edited , rendered , and uploaded to youtube , but in the meantime check out my other videos , and maybe if your cool enough you'll subscribe :) 
watch the new video its up !!!!!!! 
people !!! Why arnt you watching my VIDEOS ! what kind of friends are you ?!?! 
yay another subscriber on youtube !! and i dont think its any of you my friends 
back from the dentist ..... im < PROPFEMALE > numb 
if you have any video ideas and wanna shoot them with me , aaaand post them on youtube hit me up :) you'll be famous 
if your my friend say hi to this post :) 
SUBSCRIBE TO ME ON YOUTUBE WHAT ARE YOU PEOPLE WAITING FOR DONT MAKE ME DO ANOTHER FRIEND DELETION PROCESS 
armastus ' new song will be uploaded by tomarrow morning and maybe dead end turn by thursday 
ARMASTUS ' NEW SONG WILL BE UP IN AROUND 135 MINUTES\ 
youtube takes forever on some videos .... 
i love how christmas is full of secrets and wonder 
everyone have a good christmas mornings 
100 more views to 1000 on the youtube account ! keep watching them if you do , and watch them if you don't 
sooo ..... whats up ? 
i broke my wall during one of the videos i made :( ....... but i did two vids that will be edited and at least one to be put up by tomarrow night 
new vid up on youtube check it out !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
1111 views on youtube its good luck 
dinner for schmucks ruined my night of watching snl on the internet 
< PROPFEMALE > Koenig Bensch is my mom 
what a bad day , my brother < PROPFIRST > leaves for washington and my sister < PROPFIRST > breaks her ankle .... Friday sucks 
playing the ocarina of time again YES !!!!! thanks < PROPFIRST > for the nintendo 64 :) 
so who here actually watches my videos ? 
if you guys wanna see a cod fight , go to my < PROPFEMALE > i put it up , 4 parts\ 
and i have another video scheduled to be put up on wednesday , its a good one , so stay tuned 
watch the new youtube video i posted , its a song , you'll like it ! :) 
i love this weather , and for all you haters , shut up and put on extra layers 
assassins creed brotherhood multiplayer is fun ! 
well guys just finished editing another video , it should be put up by tomarrow or friday 
new vid up watch it 
bout to upload another vid 
My Mom is amazing !!!! 
lookin for peeps to do vids with me , if you have ideas and wanna put them on youtube , hit me up , i can edit :) 
video being uploaded be up in 3 mins 
thinkin about putting a vid tomarrow , maybe even two if your lucky 
well guys heres my youtube update\ 
Videos Uploaded : 34\ 
Video Views : 1,750 \ 
Subscribers : 24\ 
Channel Views : 758\ 
Thats for if you care , and i still have a low amount of subs for the 60 something friends i have .... come on guys what are you waiting for ?? 
a vid is being uploaded right now , about 4 more mins 
200 VIEWS ON MY RAP !!!! WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO 
finished a vid , still in editing 
leave a hate comment on my status :) 
can all of the people who watch my vids share them with others , and put them up as a facebook post ? id appreciate it :) 
Videos Uploaded : 43\ 
Video Views : 3,251 \ 
Channel Views : 1,008 \ 
Subscribers : 27\ 
youtube update ! 
so whats up guys how have you been ? if you don't answer this question you will all recieve hate comments until you do 
GUYS I GOT MY FIRST TROLL ON YOUTUBE !!!! WOOOOO 
so who elses power went out yesterday ? 
Manhunt AC Brotherhood is the funnest game ever , seeya call of duty 
facebook chat can go < PROPFEMALE > itself today ..... 
i reject you !! 
hi , how are you doing tonight ? 
i got called a fag tonight ...... :( 
we were told to love but what i get is hate 
to all who care , i am gunna put up another stick animation tomorrow , so get excited and check out the other vids i have , if you havnt yet 
30 subscribers ! yay 
just got done editing one of the three vids we made and almost done with the another one .... so yeah ..... long night 
new stick animation to be put up by tomorrow night stay tuned and watch my stuff lol 
watch the new vid 
im sick of this suicide girl ....... 
< PROPFEMALE > Koenig Bensch is a mean person who likes booting me off the computer .... 
< PROPFIRST > Bensch sucks 
listening to this is my rap by < PROPMALE > Bensch , man this guy has talent !! 
I love my Mommy !! 
hi , how are you doing ? 
< PROPFEMALE > Twigg is a butt nugget 
< PROPFIRST > Bensch is not my friend 
over 6,000 views on youtube woot ! 
got < PROPFEMALE > twilight < PROPFEMALE > and resident evil outbreak today ! yay ! 
