is wondering why his friends are on when he should be sleeping . w00t for waking up at 5 on a regular basis ! 

nyurg ... lacquer thinner fumes ... 
has the urge to call up < PROPFIRST > and say , \Great funeral ! Lots of people showed up . Hey ! ' You wanna go to Taco Bell ? \ " But can't . " 
still doesn't have his computer back from the Gateway Warranty Repair Center AAAAARRGGHGHGH . Video card on back order . 
Es regnet . 
sleep , so i don't pass out at work again tomorrow 
is not an englishly adepted person . 
swing the banana !!! 
HAXED <3 
is a buttface ! 
<3 
hard drive platters are not good prying tools ... 
Tried to help the internet by submitting a correct answer to yahoo answers to no avail , I can't figure out how to submit an answer ... GAR 
Is getting better at LCD repair 
facebook bugs suck 
Goodnight from deltona ! 
a rat just died in my ceiling . 
I forgot Tonight the Stars Revolt had such an odd last track . 
i brane awften . 
I <3 Windows 7 bugs ! 
is exceedingly happy , perhaps enough to last eternity . 
A blinking green bar doesn't count as a status bar ... 
Really needs to look through his emails 
hmmm ..... put suicidal tendencies , puff daddy , the grateful dead , and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > in a playlist together to make people spontaneously combust . 
Just had pizza while sitting on his driveway like a hobo :) 
I've stayed up too late . * spoken like caboose from RVB * 
Having Children of the Anachronistic Dynasty in my music library confused me till I realized who it was that was singing . 
Why am I still awake ? 
should update his status . 
is waiting for soup to do that whole thing where flavors mix , then see if something needs to be added 
<3 :D 
was just approached by a drunk drug dealer who spilled beer on my shores , asked me for a ride , offering a wad of cash and some joints for a ride into town . Thank you , < PROPMALE > , for adding some additional perspective to my life . 
Herro , world . :) <3 
pop tarts + cool whip = tasty 
Facebook is being broken . I now have 5 eternal notifications . 
wants to make an instrument now . 
is compiling chrome from the latest trunk . 
who changed my pic ? lol 
has a job interview at 10 tomorrow :) 
The facebook trick : Press Up , Up , Down , Down , Left , Right , Left , Right , B , A , Enter key then Right Click Then press Up & Down & Magic circles will appear ! The only way to stop it is to log off or reload the < PROPFEMALE > ... IT WILL WORK ! Put this as your status if it worked for you ! ( No really , I don't post stupid stuff as my status . IT WORKS . ) 
I have google wave invites 
There's no meat in my potatoes , why is there no meat in my potatoes ? 
thinks he should look for genetic markers for negative response to nails on a chalkboard , similar to apes and snakes , or mice and predator scents . 
So ... facebook ads think I should do grad school in Saudi Arabia , which sounds pretty cool . 
I can has interwebs !!! 
I should sleep , i really really should .... 
Ooh ... Crazy sinuses = sudden lightheaded vertigo feelings , yay 
Facebook Ad : \Age 21 : Like Pictures ? We are looking for 21 year old men to become professional photographers . Earn your photography degree in less than 2 Years . \ " Apparently the porn industry needs more skilled photographers ... " 
flapping tacos ! 
is confused by the new layout . 
Anyone ever have the feeling of getting happier the worse things get ? 
Just realized that I should state the following : Looking for work , anything would help . 
I now have a stigmata like injury on the palm of my hand . Luckily , the key didn't pierce all the way through my hand . 
has an important message to share with you through this YouTube video : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oHg5SJYRHA0 
can't find his pants ... 
still can't find his pants ... 
is not sitting in the cs lab , where he is currently logged into facebook and can easily be changed by others .... 
Support ZFS for native Linux kernel inclusion ! 
So if I understood French then I would understand the song that Pandora had just decided to play to me . I guess it's what I get for seeding stations with obscure artists . 
1859 McClellan riding saddles make my bum sad .... But apparently I have good form :) 
So much to do , so few resources ... 
GAH !! Next semester better be more intellectually productive ... 
Doing physics homework is much more fun while inebriated ! 
I feel like a real IT administrator now . I've just drafted my first proposal . 
I really need sleep . I am currently a zombie running a physics program . 
Doing Organic while inebriated is a very sillying task :) 
Hey everyone ! I'm < PROPFIRST > , and I'm an idiot who needs to learn how to drive correctly and needs a sense of propriety and timing . 
has once again discovered that life can still be enjoyed while sleep deprived , if you can ignore the headaches :) 
never look down ... 
So , the designers of my phone apparently had less usability in mind than being able to talk about their favorite movies/books . Slartibartfast is a word in my phone's dictionary and not random other words that I have tried to use in the past . ( This is a fairly dumb phone , and only remembers new words so long as you haven't deleted the message it pertains to . ) 
Note to self : running sudo bash while imbibing may have curious results , especially when it comes to typos ... < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > 
