is going shooting , God I love shooting ! 

can't believe it's been seven years already . Happy anniversary darlin ' 
I love three day weekends already got two hours of golf in and it isn't even 11:30 ... yep it's gonna be a great day ! 
hates football ! < PROPMALE > needs to go and the old man what the fuck ????!!!!! 
shooting ... then probably another bills loss 
... Why is it when < PROPFEMALE > pours cold water on me while I'm in the shower I am supposed find the humor in it and when I do it to her she gets to through a temper tantrum ? 
i quit 
Face the Nation today : Announcer-whats your take on the financial reform < PROPMALE > ? Guy-I think its necessary and if it were in place under the former administration the entire financial crisis could have been adverted ! Announcer-Correct me if I'm wrong but didn't you help President < PROPMALE > deregulate the financial system ? Guy-You know it's not important to assign blame , just to get this passed ! -WOW 
41 minutes until I can zero my new M-4 
Thinks i wanna go shooting tomorrow 
Going shooting , give me a call if you wanna go . 
FYI : Apparently shower practical jokes are no longer acceptable or funny when your spouse is pregnant ... 
is seriously thinking about going back to the military 
OP3a guard tower looking at the Egyptian and Israeli border , shift was almost over when the announcement came that NYC and DC were under attack . It took almost a week before I could get my hands on an SAT phone to call and check on my pappy who was suposed to be in the WTC that day . Never forget . 
I am a Veteran , and a Veteran is someone who wrote a blank check payableto the United States of < PROPFEMALE > for an amount up to and including their life ; Regardless of all personal political views ; that's an honor ! There are way too many people in this country who no longer remember that fact , but I know many of you still do . Copy and paste this as your status if you are a Veteran . 
If I went through my friends list to fast and missed you I'm sorry and happy veterans day . 
Thanks to everyone for the Birthday wishes , for some reason I see some posts and not others at different times . So , if I did respond to you thats why . 
I hate Canada , and where the fuck are all the American fans ? 
At the hospital with < PROPFEMALE > ! Lets get this show on the road ... where is my son ! 
Thanks everyone ! I'm just stopping home ; < PROPFEMALE > is sleeping comfortably at the hospital right now ... We are really excited to start this new chapter of our lives and look forward to catching up with everyone as soon as < PROPFEMALE > feels up to it ! Thanks again ! 
So , while this professor is explaining to me why him being a social liberal is morally superior to me being a conservative libertarian , he said that conservatives like Palin ( even though she is a different type of conservative than I am ) claim the “moral high ground” but “she was knocked up with a retard the same time her daughter was pregnant” Wow , thank God he is shaping the minds of our youth ! 
Best wife ever , thanks for letting me sleep last night babe ! 
