Angry and annoyed that is my life 

i think I found family on here cool beans 
playing with shit 
having a bomb ass new yr at samuri listening to bands and drinking loving on my < PROPFIRST > 
I just found an old friend cool beans 
stupid people suck 
everyone has a damn face book and I hate it on here damn 
Had a blast it was great to see old friends and make new ones . you go through a lot < PROPFEMALE > I had fun 
cemeteries are so quiet I love walking through them . 
who knew hoeing was so hard hahahah in the garden 
I'm so nerdy I'm nerdolisous yay 
mom got me a post card confessions book there are 4 more . I got life death and god this go round I want the other 4 
listening to lenka having a home day before I run myself ragged tomorrow 
searching through past friends names I remember 
faith laughs at impossiblities 
most of my life is a wtf moment 
had a blast with friends last night I need to do that more often 
bored off my ass hate late night with nothing to do 
wish I could actually sleep when it's time to sleep 
wow for those of the species with penises half of you have no clue 
What would you do if your Ex is limping around and bleeding in you're back yard ??? \ 
Take a deep breath , focus , reload , and shoot again . nice joke I love it 
I loved the rain yay had stayed up all night hanging in the park and then enjoyed the rain took a nap when it stopped best night of my week and nothing even happened to make it that way . good company makes for a good time huh 
hahah face book has layouts and I figured it out still not as cool as my other favorite site 
for the there are no stupid questions just stupid people I know a whole slew of stupid people hahahahaha 
just got back from hanging out with my bestie now on to online applications 
WARNING ! \ 
Facebook now automatically scans your brain through your monitor . To \ 
BLOCK , go to your kitchen cabinet and remove the box of aluminum foil . \ 
Wrap foil around your head , stay calm & breathe through your left \ 
nostril . This is a serious problem and has been confirmed by my cousin's\ 
... girlfriend's neighbor's son's baby's mama and ... her pet chihuahua . Copy\ 
and paste as your status & SAVE YOUR FRIENDS !!! 
loving the rain with all my open windows and music 
today seems to not be the day for a short fuse people are pissing me off in bounds and leaps 
I'd rather hate you for everything you are than ever love you for something you are not lyrics from my new favorite song don't worry it'll change in ten minutes hahahahah 
If you're gonna be two faced at least make one pretty damn really to everyone but my true blue friends fuck off leave me be 
watching late night movies by myself is not as fun as having that one bestie that watches them with me .... 
I just watched Remember Me ... Epic movie why did no one tell me how good that was ? The ending was a shock I did not expect . I have a new favorite movie . 
never can sleep at night when it's time no matter how early I wake up so lalalallal 
smallville in 5 and a half hours .... hahahah smallville and I'm caught up on seasons I had missed but realized last night < PROPFIRST > must get back season one so I can watch them all together because I found 2 earliy episodes I had no memory of watching 
smallville 1 hour 
wish the side of my face would stop hurting damn ear ache is speading to the whole side of my face 
for a sunday it's been a damned buzy day but hey I gotta love it for once I may go to bed before 4am 
hahah I got sent bible verses in my fb mail because of a feed on fox25 I wrote to . I'll I got to say is wow for a ' christian ' world people sure do judge others unmercifully . Let God do it and your day will be easier than ever 
I just got in and went straight for the tv ... 21 to 7 hell yeah 
OU won 28-20 hahahaha we rock 
buzy day , Plasma , cleaning , rearanging , making a damned good stew for me , Mom , Garrick , < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > , moved on to dinner dishes and a kitchen scrub down . Good day yep yep 
time to veg alone in my room people agitate me lately 
loving the alone aspects of mom having a boyfriend . She's at his place for the night and I'm home alone . After the week or so of having someone near me everyday almost at all times , I'm happy with a night of quiet me time . 
Please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone or have been \ 
affected by someone who needs a foot up the ass . People who need a foot \ 
up the ass affect the lives of many . There is still no cure for someone \ 
who needs a foot up the ass , except for a foot up the ass . We can raise awareness , but 93% of people won't repost this . They need a foot up the ass too 
peanut butter cookies YAY 
I have blue hair hahahaha yay 
if you are a computer whiz come to me fix this crap pile into playing better with my camera . My camera is full of pics and no damned way to put them on my computer so I can take more at some point 
Slow and steady run the race huh ? then why in the hell am I on the verge of pulling my damned hair out over uploading pictures something that should take minutes has taken 3 hours so far and I'm like 10% done . I hate electronics 
I'm done for the night I'm agitated and am no where near the blue hair day yet in these damned pics A break will be good and before it''s the computer or my fist in a wall I'm going to bed and will try again tomorrow . 
really earthquakes in okc ? I was sleeping but with foot on ground it woke me up . Mom said it felt like someone was running in the halls here 
Yay pics are up . Fliping finally .... hey you yeah you go look I'm a flake after doing this wait what I was a flake anyway but I was coaxing the computer with promises of not throwing it into a wall 
Fat bottom girls ... you make the rockin world go round !!!!!! hahah yeah guess what song I'm blaring right now hahaha 
Dear Migrane , thank you for waiting until smallville was over before you caused my head to feel you pounding footsteps but in a total of 7 minutes you have worn out your welcome . Please go away I can't even take a tramidol it reacts strange with a new medication so please stomp your way out of between my ears . 
not liking the surveys they aren't coming up for me right now 
I actually got girly today . Now , what to do about it ???? 
listening to old school country and rock what a mix hahaha 
Antsy today need something to do . It's past 5pm and I've gone on 3 walks around the neiborhood ... 
Making enchiladas for dinner yummy yum . 
life looks up when you look from the ground you stumble across to the sky and it's infanite amount of stars and vastness .... 
off to do ... crap I gotta do . 
A big spring cleaning is going down out the house , me at the core of it blaring music , feeling loved , and the only thing to make the day better would be a doctor pepper 
It's a damn good day to be me . With the guy I love again , going slow and easy , getting a car that will be in my name to learn to drive in ( YAY ) and an upgrade on my phone . And I cleaned the house . God is good . 
got a car a new phone spendig the night with my love gotta check insurance rate hahahah later my buddies ... 
had a marvolous day painting running mom where she had to go had a good day with , y < PROPFIRST > bear 
Car , insurance , tag , and running around doing stuff in my car . And driving lessons from my < PROPFIRST > bear love my life 
Having a great time . Life is good . Love is grand and things can only get better right now . Blessed be God is good . 
loving life and all the newness of < PROPFIRST > and I he is my heart and I am his armor together anything is possible . It has been proven . 
I broke < PROPFIRST>'s thumb on an accident . I feel horrible . But I drove home from CVS so yay me but I flipping broke his thumb holy crap 
Loving life and all it offers in 24 hour intervals , waking with < PROPFIRST > next to me , wraped in his arms , working next to him when I do , and knowing the day has been good . Life is great 
Life has turned into something wonderful . < PROPFIRST > and I are doing wonderful . Kinks happen I know but so far all have been little and easily straightened out . And mostly just a part of everyday life . 
LOving the fuzzy poster mom got me yesterday hahahaha 
Been up a while . Had a marvelous last night and early morning 
Happiness makes my life gleam 
Getting ready for a job < PROPFEMALE > sat me up with . Wish me well 
first day was yesterday . Today we're off and tomorrow I go in at 4:30 pm yay me thanks < PROPFEMALE > ... It came at a very good time 
day 2 at work . I love working again . though I miss < PROPFIRST > during my work hours it's great to work again . once more < PROPFEMALE > thanks 
though I miss < PROPFEMALE > yduring work hours I like having a job again . It's been a long time since I felt useful 
Drama surrounds my facebook mah . mostly funny seeing it because I am not a part of it . Just realizing how crazy people are makes my day go better because it's not me that's nuts hahahah . well maybe I am 
waiting on < PROPFIRST > to get off work because I didn't go with him today . I was sleepy . And I have to go in at 3 today . 
cut the pad of my hand on a glass table last night it's good but owhhhhhh 
offf to work mah 
To all my friends do not befriend < PROPFEMALE > smith/walker what ever name she uses she is nothing but DRAMa 
love work LOVE LOVE LOVE and I love my day off . all about turkey day cooking later tonight and making fudge yum . < PROPFIRST > is amazing , I'm in love so far gone in it because we are happy and giggly and he dyed my hair pink at 4 this morning and my oh my is it pink . I love it pics to come when I can download my stinkin pics 
It's Turkey day and everything here is done but the mashed tatoes , and it smells damned good 
had a great thanksgiving . Met Jays family < PROPMALE > out with mine and went and seen some much missed friends . And now I'm on fudge overload 
Ou won lastnight and the glow of the win has been my day . Always a good day for me lately I love < PROPFIRST > 
watching the spirit and wanting to crawl into jays warm arms . I worked with him til noon then went to my job and missed him every minute 
I felt like so much shit I had to call in this is shitty I wanna be at work blah 
Change your FB pic to a cartoon from your childhood . Why ? Because we don't \ 
want to see your face till dec 6th . Join the fight against child abuse ! ? \ 
Cut and paste this as ur status and COME AND JOIN US ! 
Still feel like poo but I will make it to work . I hate being sick . My head is pounding and I couldn't keep anything down last night and hadn't even tried yet today 
I'm in love with one of the best men alive . My days have been amazing I feel like I'm me again punkered pink hair and loving all I was worried about for a long time . I love < PROPFIRST > so very very much 
going to cuddle the love of my life and snore just like he is on the living room floor 
Life is going wonderful . Changes are happening and they are good , very very good 
I hate head colds . My head feels like it's about to pop like a pus infected pimple . you know the ozzey ones that explode when touched . lol have that image in your head ? Good think of it all day because I'll be feeling it all day 
still sick . had to call in so I didn't get any one else sick going to bed been up just a bit for mars but tired again 
night FB world I'm gonna go snuggle the best guy alive and dream of nothing but breathing right 
all my pics have been up loaded and put in albums . Started taking more . yeah I know I am a picture whore 
< PROPFIRST > turns forty tomorrow and today he was screamed at by a crack head or drunk wanting his autograph being kid rock and all lol things are always looking up in my life 
all I got to say is MAH !!!!!! 
a day early but bahumbug < PROPFEMALE > christmas hahahaha 
< PROPFEMALE > christmas 
christmas was amazing yhe whole weekend actually . I've gotten to spend lots of time with my < PROPFIRST > bear 
long days of boredom , when < PROPFIRST > works on jobs I can't go with him on 
So some one tell me how ( with out links to ) and without doing it SLOWLY one by stinking one how do I move the older pics I have on myspace on to facebook ? I think I'm done with myspace but I want the pics there and my blogs ( which I will figure out the blog thing later 
crappy day and the snow starting is making me depressed 
it's been a good day tobad it's been a bad day in the past but today this yr is one to remember and love . < PROPFIRST > is an amazing man and I love that I love him and he loves me back 
was going to down load more photos from myspace to here but for some reason myspace won't let me log in so mah . Having a damn good life going on right now hoping and praying it continues 
living life and enjoying all I have with < PROPFIRST > . missing my computer time and uploading pics because I never have the time anymore 
life is great I love < PROPFIRST > My car is running shitty but yeah running loving life and him so enjoy I am 
loving the snow hid inside yesterday but got out today to play in it 
life is pretty cold hahahaha talking about the weather but I'm enjoying that 
At work with < PROPFIRST > loving it having fun with the renters that are painting while we fix a floor 
Home from icu < PROPFIRST > smasheaded his face 
Life blows but at least i learned something 
Single again YEA ! lets just say I got smarter last time . Will not deal with shit for long periods of time . there is no coming back from this one no fixing it no nothing and I hope he gets his 
So bored bored bored bored BORED !!!!!! help me 
Way past time for bed . Stupid pic upload takes to long and annoys me . As does apps and other crap I've tryed doing in the past 4 hours on this computer . time for pain meds and sleep 
actually enjoying my day for once just wish my head ache would go away . 
hahaha check out the ahhhh albulm you'll see JAys face after his bike crash I love those shots . Mostly because he's hurt okay vindictive mood out of the way 
what's with the juck crap on my facebook ? like spam all over the fucking place what the hell 
what's with the junk crap on my facebook ? like spam all over the fucking place what the hell 
time for bed . had enough of the day and have a busy one coming up so mah 
applying for school online is giving me a headache . But I know what I want to go for . Now just to get enrolled for summer classes . they start in june but have to sign up before march 26th . and apply for fasfa before april 1st 
I need my shot record and transcripts and act score ? what the hell man . I lost that crap yrs ago 
okay think I'm done for the day . did the fasfa thing too not much for me to fill out on that haha . Anywho onward to help < PROPFIRST > 
So my late night was call after call after call from a phycho that said he wants to fix everything , that he didn't touch me , the money was owed to him , that I needed to grow up because he loved me bahahahahaha yeah idiot 
off to do the crap I got to do since I started out late by oversleeping becaue of an idiot 
early morning appointments and I can't sleep . hooked < PROPFIRST > on facebook , out of my night meds , the late night calls how ever have not been an issue tonight thank god , gonna try to lay down now so night 
knew I had an early morning and since my sleep is all wack again never went to been I'm slap happy and tired as hell ZZZZZZZZ 
loving the rain , hated getting soaked when caught in it and got an odd call this am because < PROPFIRST > has me listed as spouce I was called by saints because he was found wandering the highway in the wee am morning and asked hospital staff to call me 
up in a new place would enjoy it if I wasn't so weirded out 
Actually enjoying where i am right now with some friends just hanging out 
Thinking about getting a tattoo of a < PROPFEMALE > for my birthday 
Bored that is all 
Don't you hate facebook tramps and cyberbullying like it bothers anyone anymore 
Love days like today 
Hate being ignored 
It's my birthday I'm getting a tat tonight yay 
It's been great but the tat comes tomorrow . Our tat guy had to work 
I've got my tat yay . i was a trooper . 
I want to show off my tattoo . i love it even if it stings haha right now 
Is it strange that my sanity on days like today are linked to my cat on my chest purring and giving me little kisses 
Almost 
