My last day in Florida : I'm going to pack , see Tangled with my family , barrel race my horse Keeper ( at a snail's pace :P ) , and maybe sleep some before I leave for the airport :) 

Wow what a terrible travel day O.O Glad to be back at MHC :) 
Yes ! I have finally made a facebook . This is only the second time I've been on facebook . 
And I just finished all of my college stuff ! Hurrah ! P.S. I bought the most beautiful prom dress in the solar system . 
I am currently doing American Government homework . I have a essay about the State-of-the-Union speech due soon ... Needless to say I'm procrasting . 
I'm glad my facebook has made < PROPFEMALE > happy . 
My sister rejected my friend-request . Twice ! 
I just got accepted into UF ! 
I'm just getting off work and planning to do homework . Yay .... 
If any one saw my dad's ridiculus post , please wipe it from your memory . 
I am now panicking over my financial aid applications . I hope to be sane again in about two weeks . 
Just got home from horse riding and now I am going to watch a new episode of Bones . Yay ! 
I just got home from an awesome sleep over at < PROPFEMALE>'s house and now , I'm getting ready for arena . I hope everyone does well at Lake Butler tonight . 
Spring Break is only one week away ! I can't wait for midterms to be over . 
Last night , Radha and I saw a raccoon get hit by a car . We tried calling the local wildlife rehabilitation center , but no one answered . We even had a policeman out , but ( no surprise ) he got out of the car , said his piece , and drove off . My mum helped us catch him later . We ended up missing most of the Oscars . This morning , I took him to the vet , but when they opened the box , he was already dead . 
I am going bonkers from financial applications again . I thought I was finished but I keep getting irate emails from my colleges . 
I just got accepted into Mount Holyoke College . It's in Massachusetts and has one of the best equestrian teams in the country . On the down side , it is an all girls school .... 
News flash : I am leaving Florida ( in August ) . I know some of my friends are having trouble with this . However , I am resolute . Also , I just got accpeted by Wheaton College of Norton Middle-of-Nowhere Massachusettes . 
I'm going to begin work on a very awesome wood burning soon . It's going to be one of best works . I haven't woodburned in a while . I'm uber excited . 
I'm feeling very melancholy . My horse Keeper has to take a break from barrel racing for 6-8 weeks . I know that it's what is best for him , but I still feel a little ... empty . 
Congrats to me ! I got wait listed by Harvard University ! 
I'm going to visit < PROPFIRST > College Monday through Wednesday . I may get to spend two nights on campus ( normally you can only spend one ) and they provide me with alumni driver . Plus they will re-imburse most if not all of my travel expenses . I feel very honored by their generous assistance . I'm really hoping I'll get enough financial aid to be able to enroll there . 
I have not recieved enough financial aid to attend < PROPFIRST > . I'm now looking into other college options . On an even darker note , finals week is rapidly encroaching on my free time :( 
Had a great time at the arena -- despite the drama . My horse , the fro-tastic < PROPFEMALE > , did awesome . 
I have been ridiculusly sick . I don't want to gross you out too much but let's just say that I vomitted in Radha's car . Fortunately , I'm feeling much better and I hope be back to riding soon . Haven't seen my horse for so long .... about a week ! 
I'm excited for prom ( mostly because I LOVE my dress ) , but also very bored because I have nothing to do at home lol 
Obviously , I haven't been on facebook for a long time . But now I'm back ! Mostly because Radha moved to < PROPFEMALE > today and we have to keep in touch . 
I just got back from the best trail ride in history ! I went swimming on my horse . Unfortunately , I am now sun-burnt and little sore . It was worth it , though ! 
Once again , I am disgustingly ill . Nevertheless , I am going to riding tomorrow and tubing down the river on Thurs . I can't wait ! 
Another long , tedious Saturday morning at work ... Fortunately , I'm going barrel racing tonight ! 
I stayed up late last night to finish reading < PROPMALE > Potter 7 ! After I went to Univerisal , I just had to re-read the series . Next : I'll finish wading through my pile of medical narratives . 
I just had the greatest cream soda floot at < PROPFEMALE>'s party ! In the words of Will , it was mouthgasmic . lol . 
I may have added too many pictures of me and Pony , but oh well ! It was so hard to choose . 
Somehow lost some skin under my knees at riding . Is currently burning insanely . Alas ! \ 
I'll probably live though ;) 
I've been talking to my Financial Aid Office again . I can officially recognize the voice of my financial aid guy . He's called TJ and he knows my name and voice as well . Not sure what this says about me .... 
I just ate bread today ! First time in almost a week ( in case you don't know , I'm allergic to wheat gluten ) . 
I cleaned my car ! Finally . But the vacuum broke so I couldn't get rid of all the dirt and stuff . Woe is me lol . 
Randomly changed my profile picture to my anime self ( according to < PROPFEMALE > ) . Don't worry people this is not indicative of a sex change .... 
Arena tonight ! I'm taking my Keepiebaby . YAY ! 
I had a fantastic time at St. < PROPFIRST > ! I admit I haven't expected it to be that fun lol . Only just woke up . 
Grrrr I can't seem to get my profile picture right . I've changed it three times today lol . 
Missing my best friend . 
Slowly loosing my mind .... 
I had a really interesting night last night lol . Whenever I < PROPFEMALE > out with < PROPFIRST > I remember how much I love him lol ( he's practically my brother ! ) . 
What the ...? Will ?! 
Beginning to regain my sanity ... 
Uber excited to < PROPFEMALE > out with < PROPFIRST > today . It's been way too long lol . 
I had an astonishingly awesome time Saturday ! 
I am about to enjoy gluten free bread for the first time in ... forever . 
Have I ever been this bored before ... 
Going to the beach xD ! 
I accidentally ate a couple molecules of wheat ( which was disguised as cheese ) and am now suffering considerable ... discomfort 
I had loads of fun with the lovely < PROPFEMALE > today . Happy Birthday to you sweetie . Side note : I was devoured by mosquitoes . 
Spending yet another night at < PROPFIRST > and Big < PROPFEMALE>'s house lol 
Had to miss riding AGAIN !!! I'm going through withdrawal . 
Lately , I feel like I have poetry trapped inside me . 
I just spammed a bunch of people lol 
I finally reached a 100 friends !!! 
Missing my best friend ! 
I love < PROPFEMALE > Lawson . I'm so sad she has to go back to Utah . Es muy divertida . 
Uber bored .... 
Drinking coffee . 
I love all my riding girls ! I had an awesome going-away party with them at Moe's and I got great gifts , such as cotton < PROPFEMALE > ice cream , a cute arts-and-crafts gift , a Kindle , and loads of hugs and well wishes . 
Just got back from a great night at Neon Liger and Silver Q with Will Sands , < PROPFEMALE > Bean , and Katey Sands . I discovered that I suck at pool XD 
I am one of the few , the proud , the out-of-state-students not in class today . 
Praise Jebsus ! I have finally gotten into the MHC Chem course I wanted . The significance of this : I don't have to wake up at 5am to catch a bus to Smith College to take the Chem course over there . I am ecstatic XD !!!!!!! 
Uber tired . 
Once again : I'm sick . 
Had loads of fun with < PROPFEMALE > Bean tonight . I will miss her so much ! 
Just woke up ! 
Bugger ! I can't sleep -- so I just liked a bazillion different things :P 
Very recently , a traumatic event occurred in my life : my mum butchered my fringe . It looks horrible now :( ! 
I tripped over the same 35lb dumbbell twice at < PROPFIRST > Lake's house and now I have some new bruises lol . 
Janmastami today ! I'm heading to the < PROPFEMALE > after work to indulge in the feast :P 
My roommate , the awesome Jyoti Siegell , just told me about our dorm and now I'm so excited for MHC !!! I can't wait to be in my new dorm ! 
Today I am a walking exclamation < PROPFIRST > XD 
I'm leavin ' on a jet plane\ 
Don't know when I'll be back again 
I've been up since 2am packing , traveling , and unpacking . Now I am so tired I don't even feel like making my bed so I can take a nap . MHC is awesome though :D 
My classes start tomorrow !!! I'm insanely excited XD !!! 
Learning Japanese is definitely most of the most intense of untaking thus far in my life . I will probably be up until 1am studying and it's only the second day of class ! 
I didn't make it onto the Dressage Team . Despite my melancholy , I'm going to plunge into a foam pit , climb a rock wall , and twirl elegantly in a bouncy castle tonight . Oh , and drown myself in my homework . 
I spent this whole weekend studying with my friends . The episodes of procrastination inbetween studying were fun , the studying not so much . 
Drinking Coffee . Again . And Again . 
I'm convinced that wheat is sneaking into my food somehow ... 
Had fun at Amherst last night ! Now I'm procrastinating before doing my calc homework :P 
I love my horse ! 
My phone has been dead for about a week now . So today , I was just about to walk ( an hour each way ) to the Verzion store and my phone spontaneously resurrected itself ! XDDD ! 
Phone just committed suicide . Again . GRRRR ! 
I had an awesome ride today ! The adrenaline rush carried me through my next four classes . Now time for a nap . 
Wahoo Mountain Day ! Instead of classes , I hiked up a mountain ( using the loosest definition of the word hike ) , climbed a giant boulder , bought Starbucks at Amherst , and traversed a corn field at Hampshire . 
My new phone just came in the mail ! Finally , liberation ! 
\I could not tell I \ 
Midterms are crushing my soul . And the Wilder printer has failed me once again . 
So glad to have internet access again ! 
\But I can't get a hug through a text . \ " - Anonymous Awesome Friend . " 
Today was one of those days where tons of hard work finally came to fruition . Woot ! 
Listening to Eminem and < PROPMALE > Cook while doing Japanese homework . 
Feeling uber productive : I cleaned my room while singing obnoxiously ! There's something liberating about being able to see your floor :P 
\I gotta find my place 
I'm so tired I can't see straight . 
Had an awesome night with < PROPFEMALE > Caban and < PROPFIRST > Rainbow :P 
\I do not love you -- except because I love you ; and from not loving you to loving you 
I lost my dang OneCard again ! How ... 
Beyond excited to see Radha Zanzal again !!! 
Having the best Thanksgiving ever ! 
Last night , I experienced my first snow fall XD !!! To complete the moment : a group hug with Radha Zanzal and < PROPFIRST > Trost . 
I love my friends . 
A day of epic procrastination . 
Woot ! Nineteen years of breathing oxygen ! Thanks to everyone for wishing a happy birthday XD !!! 
Recently experienced the greatest blue poster on the face of the earth ! 
Chemistry : An Epic Fail in Progress . 
I have FINALLY changed my profile picture . 
I am being mocked incessantly about my singing . I feel inferior ... 
I just had my hair cut ! It's about six to seven inches shorter with a fringe ( aka bangs ) . 
All night long -- studying for Japanese . 
Epic fail on my chem final . I'm still in shock . 
Grrrr . Sooo much stuff to do today : last exam , pack , dinner shift .... 
Missed my flight . Left my cellphone at MoHo . Trapped at airport . 
I rode my horse today ! Yay !!! 
Currently scrapbooking . I've done one < PROPFEMALE > so far ... 
Christmas < PROPFEMALE > cleaning 
Christmas treasure hunt ! < PROPFEMALE > Christmas !!! 
It's official : I miss my phone ! I wanna text my friends !!! 
Ugh ... not feeling well . Supposed go riding then skating . 
My hair is now red XD !! 
J-term of intensive yoga :P 
Just booked my ticket to see Radha Zanzal . Woot ! 
Somehow ... I'm already fantisizing about brunch 
Listening to < PROPFIRST > Gibson . Made me smile . Made me cry . 
Considering doing some laundry .... 
It's like the universe is mooning me . 
BEST DAY EVER !!! Go Snow XD !! 
In a cataslymic fail , I did not make it to VA and am now currently homeless . Props to < PROPFIRST > Trost for putting me up with me . \ 
\ 
P.S. If you want to get somewhere , NEVER use Gottago Taxi because who knows , they might just NOT SHOW UP and make you miss your train . 
Yay ! Finally made it to University of Richmond ! 
Nutella gelato . Does life get better than that ? 
Shout out to < PROPFEMALE > Vasquez-Crede : I've been vegan for two days ! ( a serious sacrifice considering there's free gelato at UR ) 
Countdown to Mohome : approximately 26 hours . 
Finally fixed my schedule . I'm sane again . 
Soooo much homework . 
\The dog days are over . The dog days are done . The horses are comin ' so you better run . \ " < PROPFEMALE > and the Machine " 
I am terrified for tomorrow : I have two quizzes , tryouts , and there might be more < PROPFIRST > Bieber in my room . 
My knee hurts . 
If you want to be happy , be . ~ Leo Tolstoy 
Blanchard hummus tastes like turd . 
Science sucks . These lab reports are ruining my life . 
\Tragedy is when I cut my finger . Comedy is when you fall into an open sewer and die . \ " - < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > " 
I taught my computer to write in Japanese . SCORE !! 
@ < PROPFEMALE > Wexler : You are the Sexiest Roommate Ever . 
Chemistry has sucked out my soul . And crumpled its shriveled remains into a small ball and left it to rot beside the dust bunnies under my bed . 
I am a beautiful , broken shell . 
Just talked to < PROPFEMALE > Bean for hours ! Best supposed-to-be-studying session EVER . 
How can one day have so much STRESS ? I need a cupcake . 
Somehow , I've managed to get even sicker . 
\There is a fine line between genius and insanity . I have erased this line . \"" 
Alpaca obsession has reached unhealthy levels . 
If < PROPFIRST > Donne wasn't dead , I'd kill him . 
Freedom is so close , I can taste it !!! 
Sometimes , life is just beautiful . 
Sort of did homework , but mostly , I watched Juno . <3 
Insomnia bites . 
I began the day with flipflops . MISTAKE . 
Blueberry . 
I'm thinking about cutting my hair . Any suggestions ? 
Just realized there is no lab today . Hallelujah ! 
Looking forward to SLEEP . 
I lent my luck to < PROPFEMALE > Phelps , but I gloriously reclaimed it today . 
Recovering from the bio exam with < PROPFEMALE > and the Machine . 
Epic Housing Win . 
