\Just because you can doesn't mean you should . \"" 

It's about time . I miss the thunderstorms of spring ... 
TAX THE STUPID PEOPLE !!! there would be no debt 
The lightning is beautiful tonight no city street lights to block it out . 
Summer colds suck so much more than winter colds !!!! 
Working on my Metal Working merit badge , anyone with a slide hammer ? }: -) 
Thank You everyone for your birthday wishes . You guys rock ! 
feeling the british pop bug 
99 bottles of So . Co . on the wall 99 bottles of So . Co ... and only one glass . Eh , could be worse 
Ok , enough of a warm up . I need social interaction 
Pneumonia ? In the middle of the summer ? Really ? UGHH !!! 
Enneagram Personality Style -- My Result : Type 8 . http://quizme.heroku.com/quizzes/592118/referrals/status?aid=523573577 
UGHH !!!! 6 days laying around being sick and 15000 songs later I may have to resort to watching TV ...... dammit ! 
I don't understand how so many can sit on their A@#% on unemployment , hell , even not on unemployment . I'm going stir crazy . My Dr. will kill me but I've got to get out and do some work today . Let's see how good these antibiotics really are !! 
Heat , Penonia Pneumonia ...... it's just been a rough week .... damn . 
YEA !!! the lawn is all purdy again . Now to water , wait , and repeat . 
Yeah !!!! Rents are home . 5 wks in italy and they survived !!! 
It's amazing that as much as we learn about ourselves , just leaves us with the knowledge of how little we know about ourselves . 
Why is it that when one Ex is created all the other ex's seem to come out of the wood work ? 
If my memory fails is there a way to reboot my brain ? 
Smokin ' cigarettes and watchin ' Captain Kangaroo , now don't tell me , there's nothin ' to do ... 
Limitations ? No one ever said I'd have to accept limitations . I don't wanna !!! 
Hi Ho , Hi Ho .... well that's all ya get ... 
What do you have , when you get all you can , but not all you're worth ? 
Google Sky is cool , but seeing the actual stars is so much better ... 
After sorting through THOUSANDS of sockets , wrenches , screwdrivers , drills , etc ... I now have a complete set of tools in one place ! YAY 
If you ask someone to tell someone to be other than they are you are wrong . If you can't deal with someone or someone's \gayness\ " then fuck you and what you are about . If you can dance and sing with the faggot at the party then don't bitch because they made you feel uncofortable ... str8 wench . " 
who would change your life for one person , would you accept someone placing you outside of what youve built to be something that makes someone feel better ??? 
Moving day SUCKS ! but I'm 78% packed up ... It's annoying when people ask you to help move and they haven't packed everything . 
Just moved out of choctaw and wouldn't you know , I'm back and dealing with fires AGAIN !!!! After Blizzards , fires , tornadoes , and earthquakes I'm glad my < PROPFEMALE > is paid up ... well mostly . 
