And i hope this makes you happy now That the flame we had is burning out And i hope you like your pictures facing down As even broken hearts may have their doubts And i'm taking all your memories off the shelf And i don't need you or anybody else So take a look at me See what you want to see When you get home 

< PROPFEMALE > christmas everyone 
feeling horrible still . Game at 7 against teays valley 
ughh , i hate being sick :( 
< PROPFIRST>'s stayin the night with me :) 
Why the hell am i up this early ??? 
sittin at jays house , boredom sucks ass . text me 
i cannot believe kanawah county has a stupid delay and fayette doesnt . fxck kanawah county . laundry , then bed . iloveyou :) 
< PROPFIRST > just left . Chillin at home abt to play some call of duty 
2hour delay tomorrow , goin to bed then school 
no school again 
been up all night , couldnt sleep . gettin ready for school htc 640-6890 
ive had a horrible day , i feel like crap again ): taking a lil nap to see if that'll help . htc 640-6890 
chillin with < PROPFIRST > til mom comes to pick me up . 
goin to moms new house htc 640-6890 
omg i really fxcking hate this . / htc 640-6890 
goin to bed , vhs in the am . htc 640-6890 
school htc 640-6890 
we're goin to states !!!! 
just got in the door htc 
I had a wonderful day , and im pretty sure tomorrow is gonna be bangin ' too . goin to bed . hopefully no school tomorrow . 
you just need to get over yourself and realize that he never wanted you at all . He has < PROPFIRST > and i now , and he's actaully happy . leave us the fuck alone you obsessed crackhead skinny lookin bitch . 
fml 
Im happier than i have ever been :) no phone so mesg me on this 
had possibly the most shitty day of my life and now WWIII is abt to go down i think . tryin to chill a lil and relax before shit goes down . 
Sittin here at the house with jordan :) 
gettin ready to watch my cousins motorcross race on tv 
wtf happened ....? 
finally got a phone , its old and shitty but it works . i dnt have ne of the < PROPFIRST > off my old phone so just text me . 640-6890 
lmao i guess i spoke waaay to soon 
CoD mw2 :) 
watchin the Ultimate fighter 
alotta shit goin on in my head right now . im abt to crash . Gon to the dmv tomorrow then tryin to find somethin to get into later . 
Let me help you tie the rope around your neck , Let me help to talk you the wrong way off the ledge , Let me help you hold the glock against your head 
I hate my life and possibly everyone in it . 
its amazing how much family guy , < PROPMALE > of the hill , and pizza make everything better :) 
just got back , tryin to get into somethin now . 
Clash of the titans was amazing . Goin to bed , then idk what im gonna do til track 
Track then who knows 
showerrrrrr :) 
It hurts but I never show , this pain you'll never know If only you could see just how lonely and how cold And frostbit I've become , my backs against the wall When push come to shove I just stand up and scream Fuck them all 
food then 16&prego :) 
kinda had a realization from 16&prego lol . I learned that WV girls can never make up their mind and that we take really good guys from granted :( 
abt to go to bed , too much shit on the mind :( 
fuck it 
im sooo tried of your bullshit . Cant you just fuckin be an honest person for like 2.5 seconds ?? I really hate you sometimes . Goin outside to walk in the rain . 
going to go walk in the rain , hopefully ill get struck by lightening . 
taking a break from homeowrk . Theses stupid Diet plans are killin me 
shower then outside :( 
you hurt me over and over again , why do i still put up with it . 
Goin to bed . ACT at Tech tomorrow , then to Kanawah City to chill with my loves :) 
Can't you help me as I'm startin ' to burn , Too many doses and I'm starting to get an attraction , My confidence is leaving me on my own . No one can save me and you know I don't want the attention 
gettin reday to go to bed 
reallllly bored bout to play some MW2 :) 
i feeel supa crappy all of a sudden . Bed , school , then track meet in oakhill tomorrow . Hopefully i'll feel better by then :( 
Sitting um oakhill at the track meet . I still have one event to do and I hurt my knee and it's swollen :( 
Just got bacl from the track meet . my leg still hurts :( goin to bed , school and then practice at 5 . 
bed , school , track at 5 
i think im finally ready to move on for good :) 
You had your turn And now you gonna learn What it really feels like to miss me 
schoool text me :) 
goin to moms for the weekend (: text me 640*6890 
And I'm on to the next one :) 
the trash is finlly outta my life . No mutherfucker is gonna call me a fuckin whore , when i didnt do shit . Dumbass we aint even togthe nemore , so why the hell do you care what i do ?? And you said you wanted me to come home cause < PROPFEMALE > was gonna get back with me , get this through your head , I DONT WANT YOU ANYMORE . thats why i called whatever the hell we had quits . So good luck wth your 15year old pussy :) 
fuck < PROPFIRST > pennington , i hate you :) 
feeding my face phone in a lil then bed . 
doin chemistry :) 
in kanawah city . Walkin with court to go get a pizza :) 
sleeep (: 
why am i up this early on a saturday ? 
babyshower . 
i've come to the conclusion that there are no good guys in WV worth giving my time too . :/ 
sittin at my daddy house . text me <3 
goin to bed . text me in the mornng <3 
If you wanna get a piece of this heart of mine boy stop ; get in line <3 (: 
i got my ACT scores today :) . i made an 18 . i did better the first time i took it , i made a 20 the first time . 
playing some ps3 :) 
text mee <3 640-6890 
This time baby , ill be bulletproof (: 
gettin ready then mall :) text me <3 640-6890 
doin the dishes , then cooking < PROPMALE > n ' cheese 
is anyone elses faebook screwin up ? 
People who don't Think probably don't have Brains ; rather , they have grey fluff that's blown into their heads by mistake . -Winnie the Pooh :) 
Gettin ready for gay ass prom (: 
waiting for < PROPMALE > to come and get me , then chillin with him for a while <3 text me 640.6890 
Baby you the whole package , plus you pay your taxes And you keep it real while them other stay plastic :) 
A girl like me will bring you to your knees , ‘Cause that’s what bad girls do (: 
cooking dinner then eating :) text me 640-6890 
If I lay here , If I just lay here . Would you lie with me and just forget the world ? 
I get so high that my name should be sky ; aye look it's a bird , it's a plane , no it's I . - Jams Estep lmao 
I pray your brakes go out runnin’ down a hill , \ 
I pray a flowerpot falls from a window sill and knocks you in the head like I’d like to . \ 
I pray your birthday comes and nobody calls , \ 
I pray you’re flyin’ high when your engine stalls . \ 
I pray all your dreams never come true . \ 
Just know whereever you are < PROPFEMALE > , I pray for you :) 
goin to dads house :) text me <3 640-6890 
Waiting on < PROPMALE > , then to quaker for the ufc fight :) text me 640-6890 
Dont fight that bullshit in ya ear , now let me blow your mind :) 
bed then school in the AM . I miss you :) 
taking a much needed nap :) 
MW2 is callin my name :) 
dishes , the bed , school in the am . only 18 more days til graduation :) 
the boyfriend is comin to see me :) 
depressed :( 
I'm becoming a monster , just like you\ 
After it all you'll try to break me too\ 
Falling forever , chasing dreams\ 
I brought you to life so I can hear you scream\ 
<3 in a Breaking < PROPMALE > mood today :) 
tryin to go fishin <3 
boredom sucks balls :( 
I ain't happy , I'm feeling glad \ 
I got sunshine , in a bag \ 
I'm useless , but not for long \ 
The future is coming on :) 
Relax while you're closing your eyes to me\ 
So warm as I'm setting you free\ 
With your arms by your side there's no struggling\ 
Pleasure's all mine this time <3 
my boyfriend is absolutely freakin ' amazing :) 
going to bed <3 i miss the hell outta you . 
walkin to arbys to get a milk shake :) text me 640-6890 
i just had the best milkshake ever <3 
a7x is god <3 
taking a much needed nap <3 
Your tragic fate is looking so clear , oh it's your fuckin ' nightmare <3 
literally starving to death 
goion to my mommas house :) 
sittin in Kanawah City :) text me 640-6890 <3 ily 
Im Doin ' it , and doin ' it , and doin ' it well <3 
5 hours and 30 minutes til im 18 :) 
3hours 10minutes :) til im legal :) 
legal in 20minutes :) 
Happy Bithday to me :) 
thanks everyonne that told me happy birthday :) 
I cant sleep , and im missin you terribly . :( 
just got back from babe's house :) 
Once you kill a cow , you gotta make a burger :) 
Darling , You are the only exception <3 
strep thoat , PMS , and a killer head ache , isnt my life grand ? :( 
playin uno :) 
At dads house . 
goodnight <3 
sittin at moms house 
im really thinkin abt puttin WoW back on my comp . 
just applied for a shi t-t on of jobs . 
< PROPMALE > is on his way :) 
I have an interview with aeropostal Wednesday , gosh i hope i get it . 
finally got my nipples pierced lol :) 
dmv early tomorrow then interview with aeropostal at 4 :) 
my keyboard only seems to act gay when im on facebook or myspace wtf ? 
Godddddd , FB is actin < PROPFEMALE > friggin ' gay tonight 
textsfromlastnight.com= the freaking greatest 
autocompleteme.com is greatnss too :) 
finally attempting to catch some Zzz's :) text it bitch <3 640-6890 
failure :( 
You look like a fool with those buns :) 
not feelin my best . 
worst day i have had in a while . feelin worthless 
There are seven girls , and each girl has seven back packs . And in these back packs there are seven cats , and each of the seven cats has seven kittens . How many legs all together ? :) 
fuck fuckk fuck 
sisters birthday party . 
I never let you down , I'ma shine on sight (: 
it sucks not having a car , i cant go home :( 
i am officially a Journey fan :) 
crappy mood :( 
stayin with < PROPMALE > tonight :) 
gettin dressed the out 
mall , longhorn , then krogers ;; texts please 
In the back of the car , On the way to the bar , I got you on my lips . At the foot of the stairs , with my fingers in your hair , baby this is it :) 
the DMV can just kiss my ass . 
Waiting on < PROPMALE > . 
going to bed :) i love you < PROPMALE > <3 
:( 
Goodnight :) 
At < PROPMALE>'s house :) 
It's feelin like a Metallica day to me :) 
Headin to Queaker 
i swear lightening just struck my house lol . Watchin the thunderstorm <3 
cookin tater tots :) i cant wait til tomorrow night and this weekend <3 
i think ranch dressing is gods gift to earth :) 
I cant wait til tomorrow night and this weekend :) ily Nicholas <3 
some days i just dnt feel that smart ): failed again 
eatin the dinner i made :) 
i want to read < PROPMALE>'s Inferno < PROPFEMALE > badd , but idk where to begin to look for it so i can buy it and read it . 
Spent basically the whole weekend with my love < PROPMALE > :) He's spending the night with me here at moms then goin to the dr. office with me tomorrow . i love my boyfriend <3 
Waiting for < PROPMALE > to get of work , hopefully here he gets here soon . ily <3 
tired of waiting . bed 
sittin on the porch with babe , then gettin ready for the drs . 
had a wonderful day with babe , now watchin a movie then goin to bed . ily <3 
havent even attempted to try and go to sleep yet :( 
soooo i was thinkin , does anyone wanna go to quaker with me saturday to watch < PROPMALE > Lesnar get his ass handed to him ??? 
babe is on his waaay <3 
Bitch you get no love <3 
getting ready here in a little bit , then dinner with < PROPMALE > and his daddy :) 
Sittin at < PROPMALE>'s house 
extremely bored . text me 640-6890 
i like turtles (: 
passed my learners and got my hair done , today has been a good day (: 
< PROPMALE > just left . leaving sometime tomorrow to go camping and going on an adventure with him and his dad saturday by the new river gorge . 
Going on an adventure with < PROPMALE > and his daddy up by the gorge :) 
The adventure is finally over , it was so much fun . We ended up walkin 4miles all together and walking a total of 1600 steps . Staying with < PROPMALE > tonight . 
Attempting to go to bed . Gotta get up early to go to State then < PROPMALE>'s house . Then possibly to a dr. s appointment then to my daddys house . ily < PROPMALE > with all my insides :) 
Sittin at nicks house . I haven't felt good all damn day . Ily <3 
Waiting on < PROPMALE > to get off work and come get my ass . 
In the hospital gonna be here for prolly 3-4 days . Never been in so much pain before in my life . :( 
Doctors say im doing a hell of a lot better . But they aretill gonna keep me for 1-2 more days . My cell phone is charged so text me if you want 
Doctors said that i should be outta the hospital by tomorrow . So wish me luck . I wanna get outta here , i feel trapt in this hospital room . 
Hopefully I get discharged from the hospital today :/ 
Finally I can go home :) But the sucky part is i'm gonna be on antibiotics out the ass . Thank to everyone that told me to get well and was worried abt me . :) 
Officially a WVSU freshman :) ily 
Waiting on < PROPMALE > (: 
Sitting at nicks house . I feel like poo :( 
Book store here in a little bit . Then to oakhill to get my little cousin to babysit til tuesday . 
Change of plans , no babysittin til sunday . Stuck at home with mom and no car to go anywhere in ): 
shower then takin my mother to get her hair cut . 
Got my nails done :) 
Darlin you are the only exception <3 
Waiting on the pizza , and missing my wonderful boyfriend . i love you 
Paaaaaaaarty :) 
loving my life :) . I have an amazing boyfriend that loves me , I start school August 23rd . It seems like my life is coming together !!. All i need now is a job . 
This weekend and next weekend are going to kick some < PROPMALE > ass . Goin to see KISS in cincinnati with my love this Friday , and going to Mayhem Fest next weekend in Pitsburg with < PROPMALE > , Jeebus , and maybe someone else :) 
You and me baby ain't nothin ' but mammals , So let's do it like they do on the Discovery Channel (; 
Today has just been wonderful . Finally i got a job , i have my wonderful boyfriend to thank for that :) . And i bought A7X's new CD which by the way is AMMMMAZING :) . Plus , I'm with my love for the next three days . Today couldn't get any better :) 
< PROPFEMALE > , fuck yeah !! 
On my way to go see kiss with < PROPMALE > 
Kiss was amazing . On our way back home . 
First day off work wnt great , i already love it . ily < PROPMALE > :) 
well i thought everything was going grand . I guess not :( 
Today was a good day :) ily <3 
waiting on my < PROPMALE > to get here . :) 
i feel like shit , and im in a pissy mood . i wish < PROPMALE > was here to make me feel better :( 
A final song , a last request , A perfect chapter laid to rest . I have so much to say but you're so far away <3 
Prep for a colonoscopy freaking sucks :( 
Ughhh I can't sleep and I have to get up at 5 for this stupid colonoscopy 
Colonoscopy went well , my tummy just hurts a little . No getting ready to go to the mall to get new pants for work . 
Staying at Nicks house tonight , work tomorrow at 4 
Staying at nicks house again . Work tomorrow 4 to close . :) 
Work til close then to hooters with < PROPMALE > and some friends 
I hate it when I can't sleep . 
going to sell shoes :) 
Going to < PROPMALE>'s and Ms. < PROPFEMALE>'s house . 
Woke up and my sinuses are killing me . Wtf ? 
i feel so yucky right now :( 
my right sinus hurts so bad it feels like i have been elbowed in the face . my right nostral is stuffed up , i cant breathe , and my right glad is swollen to almost the size of a baseball . HOW DID THIS HAPPEN ?? 
Better to die quick , fighting on your feet , \ 
Then to live forever , begging on your knees . 
i like doing hood rat stuff with my friends 
In the past month i have been in the hospital 3 freaking times . Not 1 , not 2 , but THREE !! Wtf is my deal ??? 
sleep , get ready , catch bus , work , fish fry , nicks house alone for a while , then party . My day is gonna be eventful . 
i dont think im gonna start school until the spring . 
cassies gay :D 
getting ready to go to bed , work tomorrow 2-6 
i wonder what would happen if all 8 babies the octomom had were identical ?? 
beddd , work 2-6 tomorrw , then to < PROPMALE>'s house . 
Does it kill , Does it burn , Is it painful to learn , That it's me that has all the control ? Does it thrill , Does it sting , When you feel what I bring , And you wish that you had me to hold ? 
You are my sunshine , my only sunshine :) 
just got home . sleep then to moms surgery in the morning . 
in a pissy mood :( 
just got home from the hospital with mom . 
maybe sleping all day was a bad idea ... 
having a mental breakdown :( This day has started out so shitty already , and it's prolly not gonna get any better . 
just deleted the myspace 
sleep . then to state tomorrow to get shit set up for spring , sister gets braces , then to the doctors office with mom . kinda busy day tomorrow . 
mmm fried apples at 2:38 am yummy 
i actually wish i had to work today :/ 
What I need is a good defense , cause I'm feelin like a criminal 
going to valley to see my sister playy , ily 
When you look you see right through me . Cut the rope , fell to my knees . Born and broken every single time . 
I'm moving to the country , I'm gonna eat me a lot of peaches . 
insomnia sucks balls 
ive had a headache now for four days , wtf is the deal . 
i might be selling shoes at two different places now . 
washing clothes 
I'm gonna atempt to go to sleep , even thought it prolly won't happen . 
lemon cream pie icecream = Mmmmm :) 
FBGM 
aggervated 
cuddling with < PROPMALE > Curnutte :) 
UTI's freakin suck 
some days ( especially days like today ) I really just dont like myself . 
i kissed a girl , and i liked it . 
I cant sleep and i miss < PROPMALE > Curnutte wayyy to much !! 
finally getting ready then home i guess . 
i just dyed the white fur on my dog Demon purple :) 
going to bed with < PROPMALE > Curnutte 
Apparently i am as unimportant to people as i thought i was :/ 
watchin Sons of anarchy 
tired of people making me feel guilty . 
sometimes i think i get off on the pain 
6:26 am and im finally getting in bed , today is gonna be a fantastic day :/ 
Horoscopes are such full of shit , idk why anyone including myself , even checks it . 
is tired of waiting on < PROPMALE > Curnutte 
going to bed here soon gotta be up at like 7am . ily < PROPMALE > Curnutte <3 
peopleofwalmart.com has to be the greatest website ever lol (: 
nighty night fb :) 
Doing coke drinking beer , drinking beers beers beers . Rolling fatties smoking blunts , who smoke the blunts ? We smoke the blunts :) 
i'm a spacebound rocketship and your hearts the < PROPFEMALE > , And I'm aimin ' right at you 
goodnight facebook 
< PROPFIRST > Evans , < PROPFIRST > Burke , and < PROPFIRST > Woody I absolutely love how you drunk dial me all the time at 3:30 am , It's literally my favorite thing in the whole world :) 
getting ready to go back home , then more than likely going to see resident evil after life with < PROPFIRST > Branham 
Yaaay :) finally getting my tattoo today that I have been waitin to long for 
I just busted nicks lip lol 
Oh lordy lordy , I done see me a dead body 
<3 
Bored outta my mind 
Ugh silly boyfriend woke me up and now I can't get back to sleep , while he is snoring his ass off 
i think im going as < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > for Halloween 
shower then getting shit all together . Leaving for Duke tonight . 
leaving for NC at 1 :( i havent even left yet and i miss my boyfriend so much already !! I dont even wanna go to stupid Duke . 
Sitting at the < PROPFIRST > Mcdonald house , seeing all the reall sick kids with cancer here just breaks my heart :( 
Dont you love it when people you really wanna talk to wont answer their phone ? Cause i sure as hell do . :/ 
i'm pretty sure im coming home tonight or very earlier tomorrow morning . 
i ask you please just give us .. 5 minutes alone . 
Coming home today !!! i think im leaving around noon ? 
finally back in Wv !! :) 
When I see your face , there's not a thing that I would change . ' Cause you're amazing\ 
, Just the way you are :) 
Sitting at < PROPMALE>' house . 
in Meadow bridge watching my cousins little girls . Be back sunday 
i miss you :( 
hopefully this advil PM kicks in soon , so i can maybe get some actual decent sleep tonight . only one more day til i come home :) i love you <3 
fixing these kiddos dinner , i cant wait to go home tomorrow :) 
Watching Scooby-Doo 2 , wishing i was at hooters watching UFC 119 :/ 
im glad wvu lost , silly overrated team . i hate football 
i think i found my halloween costume !!!! :) 
Going home today :) 
i love my boyfriend sooo much :) 
I just saw the movie Devil with < PROPMALE > . It was actuallt are really good creepy movie . 
Gamestop literally just shitted all over my life just now 
Head hurts reallly bad going to bed in a few 
I realllly hate the game halo especially halo reach . Cause my boyfriend literally doesn't know I exist when he plays 
looking at stuff for my boyfriends birthday :) 
i think i have finally decided on stupid college 
is BEYOND pissed 
Heading to north < PROPFEMALE > with mom and the boyfriend 
This shit is bananas 
At the < PROPFIRST > mcdonald house 
back in wv . shower then outside 
well i guess im not going outside cause no one is freaking home :/ 
Mmmmm shards O'glass!! 
attepmting to go back to bed . 
so apparently no one i ever like or love is good enough for my mother 
i just saw the track list fo the new guitar hero and it looks really really good . 
thinking about alot of things :/ 
:/ 
going to bed soon , interview with best buy tomorrow at 1 :) 
I'm sorry Ms. < PROPMALE > , I am forreal . 
Bed 
Yayyy I got the job at Best Buy :) 
Fuck'em they don't know shit 
I really didn't realize how complicated peeing in a cup for a drug test would be . This is silly 
This sucks I'm wide awake and < PROPMALE > is snoring hiss ass off :/ 
omg worst tummy ache of my life :( 
trying to install a stupid printer 
bored as shit 
not to happy right now . 
i go to buy my halloween costume off the internet and the stupid website is down ,, Gaaaaay ! 
just bought my costume :) 
Today has been a good day already , i ordered my halloween costume , got babes birthday stuff , and got called in for training for Best Buy :) 
finally after 7billion years i actually have new pictures 
So glad im outta high school , i dont have to deal with all the drama BS my good friends are going through ( < PROPMALE > Casto , < PROPMALE > Wills , and < PROPMALE > Sayre ) But on a good note , it was very nice to see everyone tonight even though Valley lost . 
work . 
just got home from work . Now im waiting for < PROPMALE > Curnutte to pick me up <3 
Bang bang , shoot shoot 
not feeling that great :/ 
uugh :/ feels like all my insides are gonna come out . 
Sitting at nicks house really bored and really hungery 
Sleeeeep 
my boyfriend is verry drunk 
finally going to bed . 
Still havent been to bed yet :/ 
Not in a good mood at all . 
i need a vacation . 
Happy 23rd birthday to my wonderful boyfriend !!!!! I love you <3 
not happy at all 
going to bed , i have to be in Barbersville by 9:45 for training at Best Buy . 
God waiting sucks 
Im Soooo sleepy 
Going to my dads trying to find something to do tonight so hmu message me for my number 
sooo bored . 
playing Odd World . 
ugh stupid ipod touch apps wont work :( 
Im really starting to lose faith in everyone . So tired of everyones BS . Life just really sucks at the moment . 
making pizza :) 
still awake :/ 
nothing to do :/ 
I've got another confession to make , I'm your fool . 
It's pretty sad when your boyfriend comes over to \spend time\ " with you and he doesn't even act like you exists . God do I feel special . Fml " 
Sick to my stomach :( 
i wish this stupid sleeping pill would kick in :/ 
Getting ready to go home . 
FINALLY got my halloween costume , it's pretty freakin sweet if i do say so myself :) 
shower then getting all doll'd up :) 
Going to go see paranormal activity 2 and i have a feeling its gonna be really gay like the first one 
My halloween costume pictures are up :) 
Paranormal activity 2 was alright better than the 1st one but still kinda silly 
Tryin to go to sleep . I don't think its happening though 
Still haven't went to sleep yet . My head and legs hurt :( 
Tryin to sleep I gotta be up at 7 today 
Im literally abt to scratch my eyes out 
Is abt to fall asleep at quaker , god im so tired i guess thats what 6 hours of sleep in two days will do to you :( 
< PROPMALE > lesnar just got his ass beat today is a good freakin day lol . Its abt time he got his ass handed to him :) 
First day at work went really good :) . Even though my feet hurt like hell lol 
Second day of work went good . Verry tired going to the DMV to take my drivers test then I have work at 5-9 text < PROPFEMALE > :) 
Taking a nap then work 5-9 
Woooooork 
< PROPFEMALE > tired going to bed here in a little , work tomorrow from 12-9 
ughhh , so tired and my feet feel like they are getting ready to fall off :( . Taking a nap to see if that will help . 
You and me baby aint nothin but mammals , so let's do it like they do on the Discovery Channel (: 
Im semi drunk right now 
My life is a flaming shit hole right now :/ 
so freaking bored 
bed work tomorrow 8-5 :/ 
Pissed off 
feeling like the most worthless , stupid , and hurtful person in the freakin world . <--- i guess it's cause i am :/ 
I'm the root of all that's evil , yeah but you can call me cookie (: 
hittin the sheets work tomorrow 8-5 
Today is gonne be a horrible long day . Work 8 to 6 
Im so bored :( 
making fried potatos and fried eggs lol . im suprised im not 54654165485945649687lbs lmao :) 
sleepy town , work tomorrow 9-5 (: 
tired and upset , please disreguard anything i have posted in the last 5min :( 
well i did have plans tonight , until they all went to shit :/ 
bed :/ 
Send that Bitch a smiley face , Bitches love smiley faces :) 
Soooo glad I got to see my bffffffffff < PROPFEMALE > today !!! :) 
guess who has two thumbs and has their license :) 
work :( 
Off work going to go move more shit now :/ 
soaking in the tub before bed then work , shit is gonna hit the fan tomorrow . 
Some people are just so fucking inconsiderate . God I can't wait til all this shit is over and I can live on my own . 
My feet are killing me :/ 
soaking in the tub then bed and work in the morning from 10 to 5 
Bed then work tomorrow 10 to 5 
30min lunches at work suck 
i absolutely can not stand it when someone talks to me like im stupid and sits there and says im doin stuff wrong when its you that has no freaking clue wtf is going on 
Everyone is shitting on my life today . Im going to bed :/ 
Am I a good person ? 
uggh headache from hell right now :( 
screw today 
i guess ill play this Q&A game too lol . Ask me a question in my inbox and ill answer it in my status . Dont worry no names will be mentioned :) 
Q : how have you been ? \ 
A : horrible at the moment life is kcking me in the ass . 
bedd , work in the morning from 9:45 til 6:15 
Q : are you aware that you have a \ba donk a donk\ " ? \ 
bed :/ 
How can I believe when this cloud hangs over me . You're the part of me that I don't wanna see . 
i give up 
going to bed :) work tomorrow 3- 10:30 
bed work tomorrow 9- 5:30 
urrg I cant sleep and i have to be at work at 9 ): 
Im not a happy camper today 
< PROPFIRST > Beiber needs to jump off a damn < PROPMALE > , no one but 13 year olds like your music . YOU SUCK !!! 
bedd , pasting a fake smile on my face then selling shit at good ole best buy Tomorrow 945-530 
Ugh im eating kfc and i can feel it clogging my arteries 
probably deleting my face book 
just gettin off work :/ 
i just want to sleep forever :/ 
goin to pick up dad from the airport 
i have Holy Diver stuck in my head lol 
people are dumb . PERIOD ! 
Black , black , black and blue , Beat me ' til I'm numb . Tell the devil I said \Hey\ " when you get back to where you're from <3 " 
tryin to get a little bit of sleep before i have to go to work 
getting ready for work :/ 4:30 - 3:15 stupid damn black friday . 
Headin to work . I hope everyone shoppin at best buy this morning gets rained on . Whoever invented black friday-i hate you 
You've been hacked bitch . :D 
enjoying my day off :) 
i have raining blood stuck in my head :) 
i went from a Slayer mood to a Json Aldean mood , wtf is wrong with me lol 
Good morning Mr. breakfast (: work 845-400 
In a pissy mood 
happy :) 
sleeeeeep , no work tomorrow 
doing laundry 
work 930 to 5 
it would be really nice to have some girl time or \girl talk\ " right about now :/ " 
i feel like death :( 
just took a big swig of nightquil now time to lay down . 
im really about to delet a bunch of people on here just because of the dumb unnessary shit they post 
ok deleted a bunch of people , now i feel better :) 
i neeed everyones phone number again , i switched my dad pahones and lost all my < PROPFIRST > . so text me your number 6406890 
boooo , im still sick :( 
dear nose , i would really appreciate it if you would stop the snot soming out of you and open up so i can breath . 
went to the ER earlier and they said i have a really bad upper respiratory infection ad a urinary tract infection . just freakin great :/ 
tired of this number shit 
soup , shower , bed , work tomorrow for the first time since saturday . Hopefully i feel better by tomorrow 
headed to work :/ 
work 8:45 to 4 
oh god isnt throwing up just wonderful :/ 
headed to bed work tomorrow 830 to 5 . then to quaker to watch my husband ( GSP ) keep his title :) 
this christmas music at work is gonna be the death of me today , gag me now :/ 
Pill heads disgust me more than anything , especially when they do them in public places in front of everyone . 
sleep , then work . It seems like i live at Best Buy anymore :/ 
got my days switched i was supposed to be at work at 9 :( haulin ass to get to work 
since im outta highschool , I hope it never snows again . 
pissed beyond belief 
work 4 to 11:15 :/ 
finally off work :/ 
headed to work , 3 to 11:15 today :/ 
Can I get a hot tub ? 
Finally got alll my christmas shoppin done and then some . :) 
i hate this time of year :/ 
woooork suckks im her til 730 :( 
off work for the night and im off work tomorrow :) 
i wanna do bad things with you ;) 
bedd . :) 
worl in the morning 11:30 to 7:30 , then with my love for the next few days :) 
i think dying my hair the color i did yesterday was one of the best i deas i have had 
thank god , only an hour and a half left of work . Today has gone by sooo slooow . 
Going to tech to sign up for classed 
Cassies Gay . 
mmm throw up :( 
first day of classes went well , now im at work til 9 :/ 
waiting for < PROPMALE > to get here and for my class at 6 
rough n rowdy 
hurtin more today than yesterday , shits just not going right :/ 
yes < PROPMALE > Mars we know you like us just the we are , we heard you the first 1455986525 times . 
work 3- 9:15 today , then off for the next three days . 
doing this silly history paper 
yaaay my evening class just got canceled :) 
working on the boyfriends Vday gift :) 
Always keep me under finger\ 
That's the spot where you might linger\ 
But I see some type of pleasure in my mind 
going to see my wonderful cousin < PROPFEMALE > Whitt and her beautiful kids (: 
bed , class , work til 9:15 , then on a date with Nicholas <3 
Don't wanna wait ' til you know me better 
my head is hurtin so i guess im going to bed . School then work 
sleep :/ 
parents are making me get rid of my dog , msg me if you would be interested in giving him a home :( 
bed , class tomorrow at 11 , 12 , and 6 
Soooo , I'm thinkin of doing my English paper on Batman . lol 
Bed with nicholas :) class at 11 , then meeting at work 1-3 
pissed , i lost my freakin bank card , and now it will take 7-10 days to get another one . fml 
your ass was hacked ! 
mmmm pickles 
bed , school , work at 2 , then with my love <3 
you been hacked 
Well I worked 12hours today at work , this check coming up should be pretty impressive 
Fergie royally screwed up Sweet Child of Mine , someone shoot her in the face please ! 
think im going to bed early 
these douche bags at quaker are hilarious , i really think they think the punch machine is an accurate measure of their strength . lol 
dumping out my computer , cause its not wanting to work right 
you know what really makes me mad , when i work full time and i go to school full time and im bustin my ass to try and make something of myself and i can barely do it , but when people dont have a job , they dont go to school , they go out everynight drink and are on drugs , and they dont have to work for anything they have , they do just fine , they dont have any problem . :/ wtf ? 
wish i had 10grand just laying around my house somewhere 
i honestly dont see how someone can just sit and play madden for hours upon hours , idk why you would even want to . No one should like football games that much 
once again im freaking waiting , nothing never goes my way ever 
Happy birthday mamaw I love and miss you <3 
today was a good day , gotta new phone and got my nails done :) 
oh godd , the perks of not having a car are so wonderful .... not ! 
I need to get the hell outta deepwater , ain't nothin here but drug dealers and pill heads anymore . Where the hell did all the actual good people go in this town 
bed , school , work then hanging out with < PROPFIRST > annd cass , then believe it or not i actually have a saturday off 
This stupid shit is getting ridiculous , I'm pissed 
already got my bikini picked out for summer , now i just have to wait til next payday to get it :) 
Let's take a blast to the < PROPFEMALE > baby . 
Bed , then off to work 12-715 
Lol @ the channel 8 news for talking bad abt best buy 
Today had started off < PROPFEMALE > wonderful :/ 
Putting my two weeks notice at beat buy today :) 
is unhappy with life at the moment 
My life feels like a never ending thunder storm :/ 
Rest in peace mikey :( 
At work :/ 
Tired 
Going to bed :/ 
Work til 430 
Aggravated 
Neck hurts 
I am now no longer a best buy employee !!! 
watching Rockstar on tv . text me . 
bed then class 
I would love someone to mess with me today . Not in the mood . \ 
\ 
Screw . this . day 
I never realized how out of shape I actually was until today , I worked out a little to much yesterday , more than I should have 
Winning .. 
new mortal kombat demo FTW 
I feel like I got hit by a truck 
rip demon , i love you and miss you </3 :'( 
It's really hard when everyday you have someone or something to come home to every single day and then somethin happens and you come home and their not there :( 
bed , school , then meetin with a navy recruiter :) 
Scored a 55 on the practice asvab test . I go back next Wednesday to take the actual asvab 
bed , pft test tomorrow at 930am 
IIrritated 
Bed , class , then work 3-930 
Wooork 
I wanna go to the movies 
Going for a walk .. 
Work 2-9 then staying with my love for the night <3 
Beyond aggravated 
Bed school , then I have the whoooole day off (: 
Great the freakin water is off 
Bed , class , then off the rest of the day 
I wanna go fishing 
Going to take my asvab , wish me luck (: 
Bed , then class 
Yeah toast 
I'm freakin ' pumped , I've been drinking green tea all damn day 
I honestly feel like I'm abt to die 
I take my physical and sign all my papers wednesday . After wednesday I will be property of the united states navy :) 
Today is not my day 
bed , school , then work 4:30 - 10:30 
I have a headache from hell right now :/ 
Booo getting ready for work 
Finally off work !! 
Sun tan lotion is good for me , you protect me tehehe . 
Headed to beckley in a little bit 
I am now property of the united states navy ... 
At work 
Sometimes there's just not enough rocks ... 
Watching < PROPFEMALE > on netflix . Waiting on < PROPMALE > to get home 
I feel like I'm abt to fall over and die 
Waiting for my < PROPMALE > to get here :) 
Waffle fires and a tv dinner , that's my easter dinner before work . 
Finally off work those four hours couldn't have gone any slower 
Beddy bye with my < PROPMALE > , class in the morning 
Really bored , someone play words with friends with me Crjenkins00 
Flaming hot cheetos ftw (: 
I'm abt to throw this junkie POS laptop out the Freaking window 
I wish playstation network would get fixed :/ 
Walmart 
In a bad mood 
I can't even watch freakin netflix Wtf !!!!! 
My mind is set on overdrive , the clock is laughing in my face . 
Bed with babe , then class in the morning 
Playstation network might be back up may 3rd . Yaaaay (: 
I hope Mr. Paws is okay :/ 
Thinking ... :/ 
Some people are only alive today , just for the simple fact that it is illegalto kill them . 
Why ? 
thinking abt a lot if stuff again today :/ 
Waiting for my < PROPMALE > to get off work 
Nothing says your wild and crazy than getting piss drunk and singing baby got back at Quaker . 
Bed , work in the morning 11-6 then Quaker to watch ufc 
So glad I'm not in highschool anymore so I don't have to go through prom bs 
I hate waiting 
Aggravated beyond belief 
My husband Gsp won , once again (: 
Damn osmas dead now ha lol 
Ok bin laden is dead I'm over it , time to get back to regular news 
Dead I am the dog , hound of hell you cry , devil on your your back , I can never die . 
Boooored 
Headed to morgantown 
Well I got pulled over by a cop for the first time just now lol 
Going to bed , I don't feel all that great . 
Getting my navy hair cut today eeek . Hopefully I don't look bad with it 
I don't think I will ever be able to fully express my hatred for NASCAR 
HHappy mothers day mom 
I absolutely hate hate hate it when someone say bruh , or bra . Please speak like you have some sense . 
On my way home from morgantown . Love you . < PROPMALE > 
1hour and 10minutes (: 
Happy anniversary < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Curnutte (: I love you more than anything <3 
Sooo hungery 
Waiting for my recruiter to get here so he can take me to beckley 
How can someone eat an entire box of 12 bomb pops in one sitting ? 
Sooo bored 
Watching the end of bring it on (: 
I wanna know you the jackass is that invented bluejean diapers . Such a dumb idea but people are dumb enough to buy them 
Going to bed finally 
Give me some rope I'm coming loose , I'm pulling for you now 
I think I figured out what my next tattoo will be 
Is play station network even gonna be up by this years E3 ?? I sure hope so 
Bed , too aggravated to stay awake 
Well playstation network is back up now . Finally lol 
whats with all the spam on Facebook here recently ? 
I love playing with fire 
I wish it would stop raining 
Think I'm finally gonna go to bed 
Jesus camp , the most BS documentary I have ever watched . 
Watching full metal jacket 
Does anyone know hoe much a day pass for tech pool is ? 
I love my < PROPMALE > 
By this time next week I will be 19 
You can make it rain ? Pffft I can make it hail , that's when you throw change on sluts . 
New tosh . 0 and new chopped ?? Why do u have to be at the same time :/ 
Hey kool-aid !! 
is anyone elses At&T phone messing up ? 
Anyone okay LA Noire yet , I'm torn between getting that or mortal kombat 
Finally got mortal kombat , earlier bday present from my dad . Thanks dad I love you 
Great its 4days til my birthday and I think I'm getting sick :/ 
Fixing the vaccum 
My Boyfriend is a flippin queer . 
I now know everything I had to learn before I leave for basic , go me ! 
you look like a beach angel ! 
End of the world bbq at my aunt < PROPFEMALE>'s lol 
I literally just realizes that I'm some much better than everyone that I thought was my friend a year ago near my house . 
Don't tread on me 
Playing some San < PROPMALE > lol 
Workin with dad and < PROPMALE > today , cedar point bound with < PROPMALE > tomorrow , my birthday is Tuesday , staying with my favorite cousin Thurs , going away party Fri . 
Caaannnt sleeeeeep 
No place for hiding baby , no place to run 
Cedar point is kicking some < PROPMALE > ass (: 
Thanks everyone for the birthday wishes 
Just rode the the millennium force and came very close to peeing my pants 
Had an amazing birthday today , thanks for all the bday wishes (: 
The jig is up . The news is out . They finally found me 
Ooohh we are gonna have ants !!! 
< PROPMALE > just got popped on Lmao 
I have so much to say , but your so far away </3 
I hate to buurst the class of 2011's bubble . Idk why you guys are so excited to graduate , nothing changes , actually shit gets worse . People who you think are your friends wiill slowly fade away and more than likely you won't talk to them but once in a blue < PROPFEMALE > . You actually have to work . and oh god college is < PROPFEMALE > fun , not ! It's hard and I think its way overrated . Welcome to the real world , it sucks 
It just took me 2hours to clean my boyfriend and his roommates kitchen . God it was awful 
Party party party (: 
< PROPMALE > - he's drunk , Idk if hes literally pooping or not 
Thank you to everyone that came to my going away party . It really means a lot to me . Thank you and I love you all ( , 
Oh goodness , what I would do for some girl scout cookies 
Dear < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , please stop tryin to mess with my sister . This will not end well for you :) 
Headed up < PROPFEMALE > to see my mawmaw 
I am the bad one , distant and cruel one . I am the dream that , keeps you running down 
Is really just love to back hand some of the people on facebook . 
Hotdog with ketchup , Texas < PROPMALE > hot sauce and green onions = best Hotdog ever !!! 
Despite all my rage , I am still just a rat in a cage . 
Birthday/going away party at tech pool has been moved to Sunday June 6th from 2-4 
thinking abt shutting everyone out of my life , seems like the only people who actually care is my family and < PROPMALE>'s . 
San < PROPMALE > 
Enjoying my last few days in wv (: 
Disappointed 
I would do anything to be able to attended E3 at least once in my life 
Today has already started off shitty , it this day is probably not salvagable 
4 more days and I'm outta here 
walmart is . literally the root of all evil . I'm never coming here again near the first of the month 
Writing down peoples addresses so I can write them while I'm away . Put yours on here if you want me to write you 
thanks to @ < PROPMALE > nickoson , talking to him got rid of all my worries abt going into the navy ( even though he is in the marines ) . Thanks < PROPMALE > I really appreciate it :) 
i love my < PROPMALE > 
I need something to do 
I've come to the conclusion that with my new hair cut , I look like a cross between < PROPFEMALE > Jenkins and peppermint < PROPFEMALE > . <---- not good 
You can dance if you want to 
well tonight is the last night at my house :/ . Im glad i got to see everyone that i got to see before i left . I just wanted to thank all my friends and family for the support they have givven me . i love you guys and i will see you all sometime in 18wks . 
you been hacked , lol i love you and really going to miss you while your gone ! From your Dad ! 
Well , shipping out tomorrow . Thanks for everyone's support , it means so much to me . Thank you everyone :) 
Leaving today . I'm gonna miss you guys :) 
Heeeellllll yeaaah graduated basic training today !!!!! 
Last night was the first night since June 7th that i actually got a good nights sleep . 
I have a new cell number , message me for the number if ya want it :) 
Bed then whole day with < PROPMALE > before he leaves 
Taking a nap while < PROPMALE > gets his brakes fixed then to the zoo and six :) 
Oh god this day is < PROPFEMALE > wonderful , not 
Day is finally getting better 
Standing in line for the Batman roller coaster with my < PROPMALE > 
So happy that my family got to come and see me this weekend . I love you boys so much and I already miss you all 
I finally got my address for A school so if yoi want to send me mail or packages it is :\ 
FR Jenkins , Cassie\ 
BEQ-631 Room# B206\ 
320A < PROPMALE > Avenue\ 
Great Lakes , IL 60088 
I was sick the first week of bootcamp , I guess I'm gonna be sick for the first week of school , wth ?? 
Snipes run the navy ! 
Shower time :) 
Financing brief tomorrow , oh joy :/ please let me stay awake 
Officially bored 
Phase two can not come soon enough . I need to be wear civilian clothes :/ 
Gonna attempt to shine my boots 
Going to bed , financing test tomorrow . 
Good morning Mr. Breakfast . 
Just got paid to take a personal financing management class for 16 hours which was equivalent to a full semester class in college . Go me :) 
Mall with , talavera , Jones , and maugh 
Just made it , I'm probably never doing that again . Oh and FYI cab drivers from great lakes blow ass , just sayin 
Goooooood nigggght faaaacebook 
I love sleeping in :) 
At the beach :) 
Back from the beach , it was ok . Would have been better if my friends and family were with me to enjoy it . with 
Sooooooo glad I left the beach when I did , cause it is like tornado weather now lol 
Oh goodness 7wks without tanning = 1hour at the beach getting burnt to a crisp :/ 
I wish I had my < PROPFEMALE > hair so I could feel pretty again :/ 
Actually had a pretty good day today :) 
Nevermind , my week has been blown to hell now 
Insert a sentence full of bad words here :/ 
Shower , bed , school 
Today is not my day lol 
Yaay me for having a 4hour watch ... not 
Beddddd the those god awful cbt's lol 
Beeeeeeach :) 
Had a pretty kickass day today :) going to bed then to school :) 
Chow :) 
I would kill for a calzone from < PROPFIRST > right now 
If I fall , can you let me down east 
Bed :/ 
Finally up out . of . bed 
Today has already started off shitty 
Watch from 8-2am 
Finally off watch , thank god 
School , no phone til like 4 
Rest in peace < PROPMALE > , we all love and miss you 
Beach 
Stupid headache I wish you would just go away 
Actually slept good last night for once , school til 4 
I hate ot when I go down to wash clothes there are no washer open . But there is a girl that has five Freaking washers full of her shit , I mean Wtf do u do wait two weeks and then wash your shit ? 
Fooood :) 
Phase 2 PI tonight . Civi's here I come :) 
bed 
Finally off watch , school at 630 
So tired , running on Empty today 
Oh god it feels so good to be back in civilian clothes . again :) 
Bowling with < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > , mittenz , < PROPFEMALE > , shoemaker , and who ever else shows up :) 
Bed then mall tomorrow 
Hmmmm :/ 
Going to the mall with < PROPMALE > and foulke 
Today is just not my day 
Taps my favorite part of the day . I get to watch all the drunk people come in 
Finally headed to bed , school in the mornin 
Schoooool :) 
Fuxk some flange shields , that lab sucked 
Chow time :) 
Finally off watch , now back to bed til five 
Pretty good day today :) sleeping and then school in the morning :) 
I miss how I kinda had a choice in whether I wanted to go to school or not , no I have no choice at all , I gotta go 
Out of school early :) 
Females here are beyond disgusting 
Give me some rope I'm coming loose 
So sleepy 
What I need is a good defense , cause I'm feeling like a criminal 
I love seeing boys.in their dress blues (: 
Imma spacebound rocket ship and your hearts the < PROPFEMALE > 
School , room re-inspection , and then watch at 0200 
Duty day :/ 
Today just keeps getting better and better :/ 
So excited for tomorrow :) 
So tired only two more hours of each and then I'm going back to bed 
Sweet like a kiss , Sharp like a razor blade . I find you when I'm close to the bottom 
Chicago with < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > and misty :) 
Please shoot me , my west < PROPFEMALE > accent is coming out lol 
I've never seen so many buildings this big in my life 
Stuff on my mind :/ 
Just got a tattoo lol 
Never thought I would be this happy to actually go back in a walmart lol 
Bed time in a minute 
Wednesday needs to hurry the hell up 
Shower , bed , school , then watch tomorrow from 2 0-0 2 
Give me something that'll haunt me When you're not around (: 
I just wanna get your attention , I really wanna be all up in your head (: 
I feel like a bag of ass today :/ 
Watch at 20 
Worst headache I have ever had :( 
School in a minute 
I'm beginning to hate this place a little more each day 
So apparently there is a guy on base that's wanted for rape , oh that's lovely 
I need to quit eating so much or I'm gonna turn Into a fat cow 
I swear the . lothing regulations here are just as bad if not worse than valley highs 
Going to the mall in a limo lol 
I have somehow managed to lose my cell charger :( have to go buy a new one . from the nex tomorrow 
I guess no one here knows what any of the states look like , cause I can't count home many people have asked me what state is on my arm . I've had two people tell me that its Alaska 
Watch from 08-14 
Annoyed :/ 
:) 
Going to a cubs game with < PROPMALE > and Johnson (: 
Change in plans now I'm just going to Chicago 
It's damn cold here I miss back home :/ 
60 degrees and its not even fall yet wth ? 
Watching sons of anarchy , and I just realized 95% of the people in that are in the show are realllly attractive ? 
Bed back to becc tomorrow :/ 
So disappointed in myself , I just barely passed mod 3 :/ 
Despite all my rage , I am still just a rat in a cage 
Not having a good morning 
Horrible end to a horrible . day , after everything that has happened to best it all its 57degrees outside and my shop has no hot water , just great 
Today has been a really good day :) 
Finally going to bed , so excited I get to sleep in , in the mornin :) 
Going to a strip club lol 
Hooyah lapdance !! 
Night at the strip club = success 
I need these four days to go by super fast ;) 
Aggarvated 
This is probably gonna be the last pretty day I have here in great lakes , and guess what I have duty :( 
Your looking at the new duty section 3 female master at arms (: 
It's funny how one little thing can effect your whole mood :/ 
Well I got over that bad mood really quick :) 
They should . ot have a us stand watch at these ungodly hours 
I need a beer 
This the first time since I've been here that I've actually gotten for breakfast 
Night and sweeetdreams :) only 1 more day (: 
Only a few more hours (: 
Today was ammaaaaaazing :) 
I feel like I got ran over by a truck 
Not in the best of moods right now :( 
I have absolutely no hope for today getting any better 
I'm so glad I have to go to a female wellness brief , I'm so excited I can't even contain myself 
Thank god this day is over 
I think I want some treats 
Yeah you can tell me , All your thoughts about the stars , That fill polluted skies , And show me where you run to , When no one's left to take your side But don't tell me where the road ends , Cause I just don't wanna know , No , I don't wanna know . 
Time to start another day at BECC :/ 
Got my orders today . I'm gonna be stationed in Norfolk , va and I'm gonna be on CVN-75 the uss < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
These next few weeks are gonna be really hard for me :/ 
I should be studying for my test , buut I have to much on my mind right now to even focus right 
Sometimes there's just not enough rocks 
Passed MOD 7 and graduated BECC today (: only one more school to go then I'm outta here 
Sugar sugar howd you get so fly ? 
I'm watching ESPN and they are covering wvu , and it makes me so happy and I miss home so much 
Striiiiiip cluuuuuub 
I'm totally outta my comfort zone with this . one 
Well I feel like an Asshole 
I've never been more ready to go back to deepwater 
First day of MM Strand 
My whole body hurts and this damn cold weather isn't helping at all :( 
I don't want to see you or feel you I don't want to look into your eyes I don't want to touch you or miss you I just want to love your memory tonight 
Wish I could just sleep forever 
It's cold , raining , the wind is blowing , and I'm wet . Great freakin day 
1800 and < PROPFEMALE > still hasn't been called . Wth ? 
Well today is already gonna be a bad day 
This cold and cough medicine is knocking my ass out 
Nothing could possibly ruin my day today :) 
604800sec :) 
Educating one of my roommates in some good music (: 
So apparently in my ID picture I look like an old lady that's been on method for thirty years lol 
Bed time 
I really wanted to keep this a secret , but I can't anymore . I'll be back home in wv the night of October 7th (: 
I should be used to feeling this way by now . 
Long- I'm abt to give this squirrel some dip . Have you ever seen a squirrel throw up ? Lol 
Playin pool with gizmo 
These next few days are gonna be hard :/ 
Heritage blooooows 
Shower the . Bed time 
Taking my last test for school , wish me luck 
Passed MM strand with an 86 (: 
Well I'm broke . now 
Sayin goodbye is the hardest part of this job :( 
I'm leaving tomorrow , I'm going back home to west by god < PROPFEMALE > for a little while . And believe it or not I'm actually gonna miss this place and ill the amazing people I've met here in great mistakes , Illinois . Yall know . who you are (: 
Country roads , take me home . To the place I belong <3 
< PROPFIRST > dickle is my new friend :) 
Bed time , it feels so nice to fall asleep in MY bed :) 
Uddtjffdegfgrhivfttwwtgvu 
Nothing to do 
I love being able to go anywhere and get actual sweet tea , not that nasty rasberry tea they had.in Chicago 
going to bed , a little aggervated when i shouldnt be 
damn im a good cook :) 
i need someone to punch in the throat . Any volunteers ? 
i wish AT&T would make up their mind on whether or not they want my area to have cell phone service , cause this service going in aand out is gettin on my last nerve 
Id rather be punched in the face or sprayed with some mace , than be head over heels 
Hey if your navy fed you got paid today (: 
Wtf is up with this new fb 
Takin sissy to school 
Back to sleep for me :) 
Welp , I've been up for 24 hours , and the sad thing is , is that I'm still not a bit tired 
< PROPFEMALE > was here ; i love you sissy :D 
Baby , you don’t have to try to read my mind Cause you know I wanna get it in (: 
I can take a hint juuuuuussst fine 
Ughh i think < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > are crashing on me and im still wiiiide awake :/ 
< PROPMALE > had just finished a bowl of coco puffs\ 
< PROPMALE > - best thing abt coco puffs is after your done eating you get chocolate milk\ 
Me- Eww that's gross I hate chocolate milk , I hate milk period\ 
< PROPMALE > - well do u eat cereal ? \ 
Me- i do but I don't drink the milk I'm lactose and tolerent\ 
< PROPMALE > - does that mean you fuck cats ? Lol 
Wow only 6 days left until I'm Norfolk bound 
I've always been a big believer in < PROPFEMALE > , ya know the whole what comes around goes around ordeal . Well I believe that I'm a genuinely good person . Now where's mine at < PROPFEMALE > , where the hell are you ?? 
Finally headed back home from motown (: 
Change in plans staying in motown another night :) 
Hey dad I just wanted to tag you in this status just because you hate it when me and court tag you in them . Love you dad :) 
..... 
Stand the fuck by ... 
Need to be asleep right now , buuuuutt I'm not someone text me 
Last day in wv 
Sooo I have a 6hour lay over in Chicago , oh joy 
Gettin tattoos 
It's about that time 
Peace out wv , catch ya on the flipside :) 
This lay over is gonna kill me 
I need to vent to someone , or something :/ 
Today is a great day , a wonderful day . Best Saturday of my life . Hooyah fucking Saturday . :/ 
I wish i could travel in my camis like the marines and the army do 
Oh joy , a two hour flight with a crying baby 
So its pretty freakin cool that I'm sitting next to a master chief just shooting the shit on the way to Norfolk :) 
Finally , I made it to Norfolk (: 
Idk how but I managed to delete people on here by accident stupid phone 
Why am I even here ? 
I can already tell I'm gonna stay broke the whole time I'm here , just great :/ 
I cant believe.im actually abt to eat sushi ekk lol 
Does it kill , Does it burn ? Is it painful to learn , That it's me that has all the control ? Does it thrill , Does it sting ? When you feel what I bring , And you wish that you had me to hold ? 
This isn't good , I'm wide awake and have to get up at 0430 lol 
It's always nice to find pictures . on your . phone you didn't know you had . Brings back good memories (: 
First day as an actual machinists mate in the US Navy !! ( : wish me luck 
Second day at work ill be til probably two with no phone .. 
Today was pretty good day , it was very productive (: 
Why are you wearing that stupid man suit ? 
I need an idea for a Halloween costume . I'm going to bush gardens with a bunch of friends in Halloween costumes (: 
I've been spending way too long checking my tongue in the mirror And bending over backwards just to try to see it clearer But my breath fogged up the glass And so I < PROPFIRST > a new face and I laughed :) 
Today was a good day , even though I did fall down the steps at the barge lol ( , 
Don't tell me if I'm dyin , cause I don't wanna know 
My daddy is the only man that I will ever legitimately care abt 
Today is gonna me a long day ): 
My weekend starts riiight meow (: 
Gettin ready , then costume party at the Banque :) 
I love my life right now (: 
I ain't nothin but trouble ;) 
Getting ready and then bush gardens :)) 
Wiggle wiggle wiggle wiggle wiggle , yeah 
I wish I could burn every single memory I ever had of you , just so I could get you outta my head . 
So why don't you come over my place , and put a smile on my face (; 
Oh goodness I just saw a coyote lookin fox thing lol 
All that bullshit's for the birds , you ain't nothin but a vulture . 
I need to invest in either a playstation or an xbox , cause I need something to make this boredom go by 
I'm sorry if I offend some of the nukes I met in bootcamp , but the nukes I met today have confirmed my views of nukes . They are the most awkward socially retarded people ever . 
The navy is . ust like highschool smh 
Greaaaat , today has already started out shitty 
I swear , as soon as I step on my ship , the life just gets sucked right outta me . I'm so freakin tires right now 
Really need to go to walmart :/ but I have no car 
I wish my best friend < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > was here with me :/ 
Going to walmart 
I wish I had food stamps lol 
i be bangin on your body , they be bangin on our wall (; 
So ready for this week to be over 
It's so uncomfortably hot.in my room ): I have the fan on high and the window open , I def do not see sleep in my near future 
What happens if a car comes ? 
So I pulled a muscle in my forearm < PROPFEMALE > bags of shit for drills all the way up to the flight deck , fell down the stairs , and then gashed my shine coming through the one of the doorways . So today was a rough day , but luckily its Friday (: 
You and me baby ain't nothin but mammals , so let's do it like they do on the discovery channel :) 
Dear shit bag marines that just hit . on me , I really appreciate the nice comments . But your not worth my time , especially when your drunk off your ass at a club in your dress uniforms . So please refrain from talking to me , please and thanks (: 
I know you mad , but so what . I wish you best of luck . Now I'm feelinn to throw them deuces up . 
Gettin ready then going to play pool 
I wanna go muddin < PROPFEMALE > bad lol 
< PROPMALE > bergner sucks at beer pong 
Recovery mode lol 
This weekend went by to damn fast , thank goodness that this week is only four days long 
Well I finally brokedown and bought a ps3 lol 
Batman arkham city is gonna own my life for a few days 
Eatin then Going to bed . Work tomorrow then going to look at cars with gutierrez 
