My birthday is tomorrow . Just thought I'd remind everyone . wink wink . 

Make Christmas go away 
Had to see both my doctor and dentist today . Bad news from both . Looks like the doctor won't sign a release for me to go back to work ... which makes it damn hard to pay for the dentist . I have a toothache , no job , no money , no life ... but at least I got some pain pills out of the deal , right ? 
My anxiety is through the roof . There's not enough alcohol for this ... 
Hearts will never be practical until they are made unbreakable . 
I hate being an adult . Fortunately , I'm not mentally stable enough to qualify as a functioning adult . Too bad these insurance people haven't figured that out yet . 
If I could close my eyes and make it end\ 
I'd never open my eyes again 
Tomorrow . Get together . My house . Wanna come ? Come ! 
Wanna < PROPFEMALE > out ? 
I'm sorry . 
RIP\ 
Three of the bunnies died today . 
the way I look is never going to change . \ 
so quit fucking staring and saying shit like you mean anything . \ 
teach your kids fucking respect . \ 
it's 2011 , not 1950 ... as my mom shared today . \ 
this is how I look . \ 
deal with it . 
Just when I don't think things could get any worse ... they always do ... \ 
Someone stole my identity . \ 
As if I wasn't screwed enough without having some cunt use my information to not just destroy my life , but to make hers better . \ 
Playing on the railroad tracks sounds more appealing everyday . 
Please . Make . It . Stop . 
I feel very alone right now ... 
It's like I don't even exist . 
what's up tonight ? 
Playing dress up today . Who wants to play with me ? 
Going on a picnic today . 
I know I've been bad with responding or even talking to anyone really . It's nothing personal ... it's just me . I'm pretty much avoiding everyone at the moment . I have over 15 messages in my inbox , all of them unread . As I said , don't take it personal ... it's my problem , not yours ... 
The only reason I am sitting here watching Celebrity Apprentice because my childhood crush on Meatloaf has never died . 
< PROPFEMALE>'s Next Top Model ... I love the way it makes me hate myself . 
Random Fact Of The Day -- I undress with my window open everyday . Even at night with my lights on , when everyone can clearly see me . I figure ... if you don't want to see it , then don't look . ... at least I'm making some teenage boys dream come true ... 
I'm all dressed up with nowhere to go ... 
If anyone else wants to be lame with me , feel free to come over . 
I'm so green today , I should change my name to < PROPMALE > the Frog . 
I need someone to take me to club tattoo as soon as possible . It's very important to me and I'd really appreciate it . Please . 
I don't know what's going on with my job and I need some cash . If you know a way to get some quick , let me know . 
Asshole of the Year award goes to ---- me . 
Don't worry ... soon enough , you won't have to deal with me ... sooner than you think ... 
Well , I guess it's time to play dirty . Fortunately , I've always been good at being vindictive . 
I'm sorry I've been crazier than usual . 
anyone wanna come over tonight ? 
I really , really , REALLY hate myself right now . More than usual . 
Has anybody taken neurontin ? I took it a few years ago and had no side effects ... but this time theyre really bad . I take it at night but when I wake up the side effects are intense and they last all day . 
Going to discovery park today ... who wants to go ? 
Someone take me to pride day tomorrow . Please . 
