Haha im high fly sailing through a minefield of synical ppl . 

Wow just got off the phone with you and now i wana call you back :/ gotta go to work tho 
This is my new facebook and everyone should love the pix of my adorable lab 
Im adding photos soon so dont feem over not seeing me okay ? Besides my < PROPFIRST > is Adorable ! 
Another hot day ..... okay guess its time to go outside ! 
Gonna chill today 
Got a brand spanking new copy of MW today ... been playing ever since i got home . Hopeing to do something sometime this week . 
boring 
Got done swimming and im tired . I didnt get red at all ??? 
Bout to go to hooters in a while with DJ and his boss . 
hooters was fun 
i have been bored the past few days anyone wanna < PROPFEMALE > out or sumthing . i dont think i can play anymore call of booty if u know what i mean ... 
God it is hot as hell outside !!! 
I need to make some cash real quick >_< ohh i cant think of anything !! 
y do i only get on facebook at like 1 at night ? 
I hate the dentist .... 
Happy 4th of July Eveybody !!! Time to blow things up with fireworks . 
Basketball is for champs 
I dont have much of a Facebook do I ? 
I just took the asvab just now and half assing at it . Its easy stuff and i missed just a few questions . My plan is to talk to there offices and go take the real asvab . Yay for me !!! 
Yay ... Thunderstorms ... I LOVE THUNDERSTORMS !!!!! 
Yo Yo Yo I came back from hibernation . School starts next week and I aint got no clothes ... =/ 
i still can find anything to do . I guess il just read other ppls posts to laugh at there problems . 
Time to start posting pictures . I just found my camera 
hello facebook ppl ! How am i on facebook with no internet ? I ask myself that question everytime i log on with my neighbors internet . ;D 
Today was alright i guess . Got up , went to school , hanged out with friend after school . Good day and it feels good to be < PROPMALE > president when your not in < PROPMALE > class . 
Im finally turning 18 friday . its Gonna be sWeeeeet 
Bored , bored , booooored ... 
Thx guys really appreciate this . 
Life only sucks if you have one , right ? =D 
Lol what dous NIEAU mean again ? 
Set up my basketball hoop and got on some shorts and THEN i realize i have no ball . =( 
HIt in a fish fry today . Might do sumthing later . 
I still want to do something tonight =( 
Finally got the dang permit now the full license is up next . Hope this weekend will be eventful . 
I wonder if its bad to shave a short haired dog like a lab . Time to find out in a bit 
There is alot of stuff going on after school you know ? 
Any idea the name of all the bands at the concert this saturday ? whose all playing ? 
This saturday going to be funnnnn , if i can find ppl to go with . =\\ 
yay !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 1 
Omg its supa hot outside . Thinking if i want to go to the concert anyway ... hmmmm ? 
The concert was amazing . I think theres another one on october 9 right ? I know what im doing ... 
Scnucks is still hiring right everone ? 
Doo doo ass horn lake 
Halo reach is tooooooo amazeing . Im already pro and i dont even have it lol 
foot ball game was okay . Full of freshmen and loud ass people so i didnt like it that much lol 
I Hate having a car and still doing nothing lol . just need dough 
I hate bad news or old news that was bad news but is worse news now .... 
I never knew you could feel this way . Why is it so hard to stop thinking about 
I hate to feel this way 
Pretty beast start to my vacation =) 
LOL i had a fat head as a kid but damn i was adorable 
kinda hate being home ever now . HOPE a certain someone is thinking about me :) 
Yet another night where i stay up thinking 
Oh its morning . Time for school 
yay im home ..... :( 
GOD im bored . I rather be at school jeez 
Well im gona try it out and hope it works the same as in my head :) 
HOooo ! I hate being stuck home :) 
im so tired . I hope she likes it tommorrow :) i cant wait to show her :) 
Got my report card today . 1 A 3 Bs . kinda bumd but what ever :) 
NEED a job lol 
I wish she would understand 
well i told what i felt and i feel supa better now :) 
time for another great day of school ... NOT ! 
WE WON . WE WON . WE WON . WE WON . supa happy face :) 
Ugh lol i hate losing sleep over some one im thinking about :) 
I Hate when milk duds get stuck on your teath . =/ 
I hate laundery ... 
I had a great time with < PROPFIRST > XD 
Ahhh im so bored when i get home =/ 
god lame ass person 
GOodMOrnINg eveyOne 
I actually like green bean casserole :) thx < PROPFIRST > 
Hanging out with < PROPFIRST > :) 
Hanging out with the family :) 
Lol redneck family members are the best :) 
Bout to enjoy church with < PROPFIRST > :) 
No one should laugh at ppl trying to look the look for halloween 
Great nite with < PROPFIRST > but we both are tired :P 
Another amazing day with < PROPFIRST > . God shes amazing =) 
Great Googly Moogly ! 
I hate googly Moogly >=( 
Even though the time we share may be short its always feels right to think of you the way i always feel when im with you . 
Got a hair cut . Kinda digging it more or less 
YAY . MAKIN bacon . 
Wow . Feel like shit all day then i get a call that im mostly likely am MOVING OUT . WTF ! 
BAd day made better by someone special 
I got thru today with alittle help . :) I just want you to know < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > that you make my world go around 
Hoping today will be excellent . Have a feeling it will . 
Anybody know anything interesting HIT ME up . 
END of the day syndrome :( 
Oh shit ! Good day ! Just got back from the civic center with a job XD . Came home and ate a sandwhich . 
It might fall all the way backwards if its alittle backwards . Well duh !!! =P =) 
I wish my girlfriend was UGLY !!!! 
Ever wana punch a wall made of adorable babies and watch it explode dragon ball z style ? WELL I CANT DO THAT ! so the dry wall will have to do . 
Argh ! i waited to long ! NO !!!!!!! lol 
Life gives you sadness but it also gives you the means to get thru IT . Now you getting by without a scratch depends on you but it doesnt hurt to have alittle help from someone . :) 
hopes today is A good day :) 
I hate most everyone . :) 
Just got home from the improv show amd it was amazing ! It was good but i left feeling sad :( . Maybe my baby can help me with that 
I fucking hate my life . I HATE it . I hate it . Im so stupid ! 
Today aint half bad . BETTER than i thought it would be lol . :) 
SOooo cold ! 
Im just tired . Not physicaly just mentally 
Yea bad monday turned worse ... 
Now she hates me .... 
If i really could have a sibling ... it would be DJ SCRIBBLES . my unlegit brother =) 
Yea i dont mind listening ... 
I hate it when your texing someone and they tex you like one word everytime . ITS so lame >:( 
I love pot roast :) 
Okay hit me up with thoses questions ? 
Just a cold day with cold people 
ITs mope not mop . Silly flaming tard lol 
Great news ! I mean it took some tears shed but i Got something ive been waiting for for a long time or actually like a week but still its great ! Happytimes Happy times =D 
Had to come home from school ... I HATE being sick 
Finally got my hours AT the civic center :D 
wishes the day would just be over already ... 
I just shaved my entire leg LOL 
Still sick :( 
Finally getting over this cold . About time 
I hate bullshit =/ 
I wonder what it would be like if ppl actual understood others just saying 
Bout to go to sleep . Hope someone calls me or atleast tex me . Goodnight fb 
Still sick . Most likely notgoing to school 
Hall & Oates are great lol 
So whatca want <- great song 
Gotta love < PROPFIRST > mcCartney 
Man some people live ON facebook know what im saying ? lol 
AHH got go to the doctor at nine . 
Doctor told me i have the flu and strep throat 
I just made 20 dollars :D 
Lol I just copied this from someones status but it was to funny so idc .. \I would have more money if i had more pockets \"" 
Got that box on my mind 
Black ops is amazing . 
Ohh damn its hot lol jk .... 
Just got home from work argh now to chomp on mcdonalds and contemplating being phyisically fit ... lol its so boring sometimes tho 
Why call me mister , i aint ya daddy ... 
ehh is all i have to say lol 
You so lame with you little shoes and that helmet for a head and that raggedy personality you call yourself . God some ppl are just ugly all over inside and out ... 
reality can come up and bite you in the ass one day just remember that kids ... 
Im a dude playin a dude disguised as another dude . Your a dude who dont know what dude he is ! 
Well i need a new battery . ANY help ppl . 
Omg lol how are you gonna think anyone cares that much for you . shut up gurl ! OH yea and why do some ppl live so far away ? lame ... 
Damn i hate kids X ) . Great with them , hate them ... lol Kinda kidding 
Okay im tired 
Just Woke up . Gonna eat then see what ppl are doing today . Anybody wanna < PROPFEMALE > out ? 
AT Tylers messing with the babies :D 
Found out my hours where in the morning .... thats so gay . next time < PROPMALE > put fucking am up there instead of just * 8 * 
Been playing ball all day now that sounds like a good time =) better time tonight 
Phone Ran out of minutes =/ 
it needs to be two weeks later already 
Haha your life sucks doesnt it ? Welcome to facebook . =) 
goodnight fb 
Haha me and Dj at the store and this women just randomly walks up to Dj and ask for his number and playfully puts it in his phone . He asked me like a < PROPFEMALE > later\ hey do you know that chick ? ' No i thought you did . I was like HAHA WTF . " 
She want it i can tell she want it want me to push up on it ... 
Oh no i lost all my nuts and bolts !!! =/ 
How you gonna tell that man you gay for goths ? haha 
Dont ever put you finger anywhere near a wall grinder . Its seems to suck .... 
You act like a child , not even joking ... 
Haha i knew your where lieing , but it still sucks cause i like try stuff thats new . 
Success !!!! 
UHHHH 
Ive stayd up to the point where im not tired which is rediculise 
Great day ahead of me . BOo ya !! 
I love gift cards =) specially the ones with oodles of money on them lol 
Kinect for xbox is actually fun . Whos gonna say river rafting aint fun when you at home doing it ya know ? 
Well got a hair cut . got it cut short , choped off !! 
Is it okay to get nervous about someone elses parents ? LIKE TELL ME 
I Had a great time at < PROPFEMALE > Garden Tonight with < PROPFEMALE>'s parents =) 
holy crap time for bed .... 
IM your Fuckin Nightmare !!!!! gotta love them 
Amazing ... 
Perfect .. 
Not cool , just mentally pictured something and now i want to freaking choke a baby .... Dammit i was in a good mood >=/ 
I love being your favorite person ... 
Heck no thats bullshit .... 
Turn me on so i can turn off the lights . lol wow thats great 
< PROPFEMALE > tex meee 
I can't erase it any more\ 
It follows me everywhere I go\ 
Like a mask that I don't\ 
Want to wear anymore\ 
= 1 
Miss you ... 
Guess who im hanging out with ?? :D her . 
I love my family 
Had a fun night with < PROPFEMALE > , dont really get to see her as much but when i do i love it . And i hope that shes happy right now 
Hurry up and tell me 
I love her .... 
* Lifes unfair then you die * :/ Ohh why does it have to be that way ... 
HoHooo ! Great time , really happy now bc of you 
Yay today ! 
I hate the past ... 
:/ 
Only you can truly make me smile and i dont even realize it =] 
Girl you know you got me gone gone gone 
Some ppl can make you so happy but those same ppl can make you feel just as bad-Taylor Green 
bout to throw up 
Seems cold in here hmm wonder why ? 
Wow just getting tired of that .... 
Gaah . Hate doctors ... not fast enough 
Wow ... got rearended like 15 mins ago . > < ohhh i mean insurance will cover it but still its so lame 
Date night :) 
Doctors office ... again for the 3rd time ! 
Ahh finally about to leave ! 
Oh noes .... 
Come oooon good news ! 
Yay happy news ! 
ITs 7.1 < PROPMALE > to work . ewwwwwww that just feels disgusting . means i waste around a gallon a day on school and work . 
Omg ! driving school is terrible . So slow Haha . Here till 1O 
Oh dear .. 
Man i just hate weekends now 
>;( 
Well least this person is texing meCORRECTION at least this person is able to :/ 
Yep i still love her . Shocker right ? :) 
:/ Raaa got off work early . Wish kept working , would of solved everything but i had to go home ... 
< PROPFEMALE > questions . What is everyones view on interracial couples or interracial dating ? Come on ppl , discuss it . 
Going home ! 
