I've been in Ohio with < PROPFIRST > since about 11 AM Tuesday . This is awesome . :D 

I'm new to facebook , so this should be interesting .... Welcome to the internets ! 
found out about the Rock N < PROPFEMALE > festival at the OKC Zoo Amphitheater .... I must find a way to get into this as a photographer !! 
might just be able to get into the OKC Rock N < PROPFEMALE > festival as a photographer , and you'll never guess how !!! 
is < PROPFEMALE > stoked for Rock n < PROPFEMALE > in July .... I'm practically in !!! Whoooo !!!! 
is just generally amazed at life . 
Before I call them in the morning , does anyone know if Vampires Suck will be playing in Chickasha tomorrow ? 
Well ... I'm officially moved in at UCO . Orientation is tomorrow . Fun ! 
Is anyone driving to Wake up in Wantland tonight and can I get a ride ? 
Well ... Wake Up in Wantland was pretty fun . It appears that a posse has been made , so that's pretty awesome . We'll see . Now to grab a snack and head to bed . Woo ! 
How was my first day of classes ? Let's see ... Out of the 5 I had today , bench aerobics looks like it will be the most difficult ( competing with English Comp . I , Basic Photography , College Algebra , and Success Central ) . Fail . -_- 
Def Leppard's Songs from the < PROPFEMALE > Lounge FTW . If you love old school ( or any phase ) Def Leppard , this is such an awesome album . Get it . Now . 
To all you extroverts : Just because we're sitting quietly by ourselves , it doesn't mean that we're lonely with no friends . We just simply have no need to be social at that time . If we don't acknowledge you and go talk to you ourselves , don't try to do us a favor by inviting us to sit with your group . That's just awkward . 
Well ... I tried to make it all the way through a football game for once . I made to half-time . Oh well , I know I'll hear how the game went later . 
For my first big English Composition I assignment we have to take some media , turn it into some different media , then write a reflective essay over it ... I'm thinking of using a W.A.S.P. song ( maybe album ) . :D 
Okay ... I have my media-type project narrowed down to two possible songs that I think would make awesomely weird short stories : \Sometimes\ " by And One and \ " Buried Alive\ " by Creature Feature . I'll post the videos for both via a new feed in a minute . Like and/or comment the song you think I should use . " 
Okay , voting is over ! I'm a little disappointed that nobody gave me any opinions as to which song they thought would make a better story , but I forgive you . :P My final choice is ... * drum roll * ... \Buried Alive\ " by the fantastically crazy Creature Feature ! Yay !! " 
I only have 3 classes tomorrow ! Wooo !! Today keeps getting better . :D 
Is it sad that I somewhat miss the higher math I was using in high school ? Because I do miss it , the trig and whatnot ... What I'm doing now is waaayyy too basic . :P 
I just LOVE UCO's wifi ... Sometimes it wants to be super slow , sometimes it wants to log me off every 20 minutes , and sometimes it just doesn't want to connect at all ... Right now it's doing the \logging me off\ " bit . Oh well ... At least it's availiable and works properly most of the time . " 
Oh , this is fun ... After making a good Halloween playlist , I wanted to make a screwed-up < PROPFIRST>'s Day playlist . So I am . Bahahaha 
Tonight has officially been declared as a \Stay in My Dorm\ " evening . Starting ... Now ! " 
The first draft for my English Comp . I commentary is almost done ! Hooray ! 
Okay , I need help . I have a couple of photography projects due the 29th that I need models for . If any of you lovely UCO peoples can help me , please find me ( probably in my room E316 ) or send me a message here . Please !! 
Okay ... I was just in Thatcher Hall . Does it feel as bad in there to anyone else as it does to me ? I was only there for a few minutes , and the vibe was horrendous . I couldn't leave fast enough . 
I participated in the OKC AIDS Walk earlier today and < PROPMALE > out with GATE afterwards : very fun . I bought a cute top on sale of my own will AND by myself : also good . Right now I'm writing a research report over the history of bench aerobics : ugh ... Why ? 
Oh , boy ... I need to be really productive this morning and afternoon if I'm going to not feel guilty about going to the State Fair this evening with GATE . Woo ! 
Uggghhhh ..... Bank touble is so annoying . :P 
Hey , is anyone free to help me with a couple of photography projects at about 4:30 PM today ? If you are , please message me your phone number so that we can text out the details . Also , please message me either before 12:30 or 4 PM . That's when I'll be in my room and able to check facebook . My room is West Hall E-316 . 
Well I feel a little better .... It appears that I have half-decent photos to turn in for one of my three photography projects that are due on Wednesday . Woo !! 
Hey , is anyone still at UCO for the weekend ? And can you help me with an action shots project for photography ? I need a model with some way to go past me relatively fast multiple times . 
Wooo !!! I just shot the last of my photography projects that are due Wednesday !!! Now to pick out which photos I want to use and have them printed . :) 
Well , I've confirmed that the scooter I bought yesterday is indeed faster than walking . Even though I have terrible balance . Now I'm off to the library to research for a project . Yay ! -_- 
Okay ... I've had some protein and sugar ... Maybe I can concentrate long enough to get a good start on that Success Central presentation that's due in a couple of days . 
Tomorrow is going to be immensely busy ... I'm already looking forward to roughly 4 PM when the bulk of it is over . Wish me luck . I'm going to need it . :P 
All of my classes for today are over ! Woo ! My day went much smoother than I thought it would ! Wooo !!! 
Snickers Dark : Because sometimes your relatively healthy diet just isn't cutting it that day . :P 
Fresh laundry and warm house shoes . I win . ^_^ 
Fun fact of the day : Last night < PROPFIRST > and his musical prowess determined that I'm a tenor . :P 
Wooo !! Photo Project #3 has officially been re-shot ! Now all I need to do is re-do one photo from Project #1 , print those three photos , and I'm done ! :D 
Heh . Near-ultimate nerdiness achieved . I just downloaded a binary clock gadget for my laptop . And I can read it . 
There's sooo much noise outside today . What's going on ? There's a ton of marching bands from other places and they're all practicing right outside West Hall . And it's loud , so my laptop has to be louder . :P 
Aarrrggghhhh .... Stupid drummers with their big drums and junk . It's dark out ! Why do you need to keep practicing ? I know Homecoming is this week , but come on ! I can feel my windows vibrate ! 
I loooovvvee Lizzy Borden ........ 
Dear Math : \ 
Don't pay attention to what the others say . I still love you . \ 
~ < PROPFEMALE > B . 
Yup , still on a Lizzy Borden kick . Those guys are brilliant ! And quite awesome as well . :D 
Ech ... This Psychology paper is due tomorrow afternoon , and I'm nearly a < PROPFEMALE > short ... At least I think I have enough other relevant information to stretch it out an acceptable amount . 
Okay , that's it ... I'm going to start taking iron supplements ... I'm tired of not being able to give blood due to a low ( well , overly average ) iron count . 
Thanks to Natascha < PROPFIRST > Koutrik for sending me 500 petville cash . I really like it ! http://bit.ly/bm068I 
Holy cow ... How can one week be so long yet simultaneously extremely short ? I don't know , but I'm glad it's over . This week was crazy . O_o TGIF 
Ughh .... That was the most unsatisfying lunch EVER . I'm never getting an omlette if that guy is at the wok again . 
IAMX !!!! ' Nuff said . :D 
Have a fantastic Fall Break , everyone ! I'm about to pack up and head home for mine . :) 
Wow . I'm tired . But I made it back to UCO without incident . Yay me ! :) 
I intend to go to Club LT at the Commons Clubhouse tonight at 9PM ( if I'm not too busy ) . Anyone care to join me ? We can walk together . :) 
Oh , boy ... My Service Learning Project time is tomorrow morning . Yay ! In order to make sure I get to my destination on time , I'm going to have to leave at about 7 AM . I need to be there at 8 , and it's a 20 minute trip . Yes , that's really how little faith I have in my ability to follow driving directions . 
I drove to my proper location in OKC and back this morning without getting lost once , and each trip only took about 30 minutes ! Woo !! 
Psychology test tomorrow afternoon : Boo . Kids trick-or-treating in West Hall and a Halloween party at Murdaugh tomorrow night : Wooo !!! I'd say tomorrow will be overall very positive . :D 
Well , psychology is over now ... I can't wait for the rest of this afternoon and evening ! 
To everyone in West Hall : Safe Trick-or-Treat < PROPFEMALE > pickup starts in the lobby NOW !!! The kids will be coming at 6 PM . If you're going to be here , why not see the adorable costumes ? 
Dramatic gypsy look : Achieved ! :D 
Well the Murdaugh party was pretty fun tonight . Not much actually went on , but it was enjoyable . :) 
One of my two classes today got cancelled . Ha ! I love Halloween . Or rather , the Friday before it . :D 
I just got back to my room after being at the GATE Halloween Ball with < PROPMALE > Pearson . It was so much fun !!! 
Happy Halloween , everyone !!! I know it's on a Sunday this year , but find some way to make today awesome . 
Two months ! I can't wait . This will be awesome . :D 
Copy and paste this status if you know someone , or have been affected by someone , who needs a punch in the face . People who need a punch in the face affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for someone who deserves a punch in the face , except a punch in the face , but we can raise awareness . 93% of people won't repost this and that's because they themselves need a punch in the face .... 
I'm currently in my dorm taking photos of various setups starring my small stuffed owl in the dark with a flashlight as my light source ... I'm just waiting for my roommate to come back . xD 
Okay ... My most immediate photography project is done ... Now to work on Success Central and Algebra . So close ! 
I llloooovvvvveeee IAMX . ( Note the link . Go check them out . ) 
I'm watching Dracula : Dead and Loving it with < PROPFIRST > via webcam after a long week . Awesome . :) 
Sorry , guys , but I'm going over to the darkside . Starbucks has good iced tea . 
Pomplamoose . :3 
Please put this on your status if you know someone or are related to someone who has been eaten by dragons . Dragons are nearly unstoppable and they can breathe fire . 93% of people wont copy and paste this , because they have been eaten by dragons or don't believein dragons . 6% of people are sitting in the shower armed with fire extinguishers , whilst the remaining 1% are awesome and will repost this 
Transition to the Dark Side : Complete ! I have my own Starbucks cup now . I no longer need to worry about recycling their default cups at the end of the day after it's too late to get tea refills . 
If I had to give an award to my best friend of the day , I would either give it to my scarf or umbrella . I'm not sure which , though . 
Today is so cold , dark , and rainy ... I wouldn't want to be out in it for long , but it makes for great stay-in weather . Conclusion : today's \band of the day\ " is Train . Their warm songs balance out the nasty outside conditions . :) " 
Yay for getting 12.5 hours of sleep in one night for the first time in I can't even remember how long ! 
Aaarrrrgggghhhhhrrrrraaarrrrrr ....... That is all . 
And now I get to re-work my schedule . Awesome . -_- 
Well ... At least now I'm set up for 15 hours next semester . Hopefully someone will drop Basic Darkroom before January , though . I need that class . :P 
I just got back from lunch with < PROPMALE > Pearson , and we we called a cute couple by the people raising money for St. < PROPFIRST>'s . Twice . 
So I love how every outing with < PROPMALE > Pearson turns into an awesome 5-hour adventure . :) 
Wooo !!! Yes ! I am officially enrolled in Basic Darkroom Procedures for next semester . Thank you to whoever dropped that course and allowed me to get a spot . 
Random funny thing : Yesterday when < PROPMALE > and I were at a store in the mall , we saw a \life-size\ " cardboard cutout of < PROPFIRST > Bieber . It was bigger than s/he really is . " 
I feel dirty .... Forgive me , friends , for I have ... I bought a Bluetooth headset . I'm sorry , but it was necessary ! Don't judge me ! 
Ech ... < PROPMALE > labs are the worst if you're used to working on a Windows pc . So disorientating . :P 
I can't wait for Tuesday afternoon . I'm ready for another break . :P 
Okay ... Now I get to start packing to go home . Yay ! Hopefully I won't get lost again . :P 
I just can't get a break ... True , I didn't get lost going home today , but that's because I didn't get the < PROPMALE > . I managed to screw up my front end alignment bad enough to prevent me from safely making the drive before I even left town ! 
Back at UCO once again . Very fun . 
Imagine a platform . Now imagine that platform is about 9 inches tall . Now imagine that you must step on said platform in various ways over and over and over again with few breaks , part of the time with hand weights . That was bench aerobics today . Not . Fun . -_- 
Does anyone know of an event of some sort that wouldn't be too much of a pain to get to this week/weekend where I could shoot my photo story project ? 
I have my car back !! Yay !!! :D 
Okay , I'm curious .... Where exactly is Downtown < PROPMALE > ? I was going to go to there to shoot my photo story tomorrow evening . 
Okay . I now know where downtown < PROPMALE > is . Here's question number two : Would anyone care to go to the parade with me ? It should be fun enough , and I don't really want to go by myself . :P By the way , since the streets start to close at 5 PM , that's about the time I'd want to be there for the sake of my story . 
So , the Christmas parade will be tonight in downtown < PROPMALE > at 6:45 PM . I would like to be there around 5- 5:30 to get photos of the event being set up . Would anyone like to join me ? I'll drive . 
And I'm off to the parade downtown ! If anyone would like to join me later , that's where I'll be . Somewhere in the downtown ( Northern half of Broadway ) area . 
Parade photo story update : Okay , that was 85% fail . It would be 100% fail , but I met and talked to a portrait photographer whose studio is on Broadway , and I may get to have some sort of job or internship there later . :P 
Hmmm ... No new photo story or idea for one yet , but at least I have foam core board now ... Would anyone be willing to let me follow you around for a day tomorrow ? :P 
I hope Zimmerman has a good sense of humor .... 
... I just realized that it's rather unlikely that I'll be able to top the latest of my increasingly awesome rock < PROPFEMALE > stories for a while ... Oh well . I can wait . xD 
For the sake of saying it again , I hope Zimmerman has a good sense of humor . :P At least my project won't be sloppy . He has to give me that much credit . 
Final photo project status : Done ! Hey , if the project itself isn't exactly what he was wanting , at least I should get credit for my presentation of it . 
Oh , another thing . I have all the skill , accuracy , and determination of an OCD person . Watch out ! ;) 
College has to be bad for my iron count . That's my only explanation for this . Today I tried to give blood for the 3rd time this semester , only to be rejected for a low iron-count . This time I've been taking iron pills since Monday ! What the heck ??!! -_- 
The end of this semester is really taking its time about getting here .... 
There's nothing like sitting out in the hallway with your laptop . Oh well . I'm about to go to bed anyway . :P 
My semester is DONE ! Now to prepare to go home . :D 
I'm finally 1-for-3 . I made it home without problems for once . :P 
Snowmeiser FTW . 
Could Tuesday come any slower ? Gah ! -_- :P 
Today I prepare for my flight to Ohio ... This will be a very long day , with an even longer night . So worth it , though ! :D 
Hey , I'm still in Ohio with < PROPFIRST > ! And my 19th birthday is tomorrow ! And I don't go back to Oklahoma until Wednesday ! Yay . :D 
Well ... I've been back in Oklahoma since about 9 tonight . Yeah . I think I'm about to go to bed and sleep for some amount of time that's longer than 9 hours . 
Oh , I forgot to do this yesterday : Thank you all for the happy birthday wishes I got here on Tuesday . I had a wonderful birthday , thanks . :) 
LUDO . :3 
According to the Weather Channel and a few other sources , it's 10 degrees here in < PROPMALE > right now . -_- This sucks . 
Well , it's mid-January . This is a good time to start getting back into the Halloween Spirit , isn't it ? 
Well , my classes are done for the week . Now I get to pack up so that I can go home for the weekend . With luck , I may even make it home without incident a SECOND time ! 
Watch my status for random definitions from < PROPMALE > Adams ' ' The Meaning of Liff , ' which is a dictionary for things there aren't words for , but there ought to be . 
Amersham ( AM-a-sham ) - The sneeze which tickles but never comes . 
Imber ( IM-ber ) - verb . To < PROPFEMALE > from side to side while watching a car < PROPMALE > in the cinema . 
Dipple ( DIP-pul ) - verb . To try to remove a sticky something from one hand with the other , thus causing it to get stuck to the other hand and eventually to anything else you try to remove it with . 
Fremantle ( FREE-man-tul ) - verb . To steal things not worth stealing . One steals cars , money , and silver . Book matches , airline eye patches and individual pots of apricot jam are merely fremantled . 
Well , I get to go back to UCO here in a little while . I just need to put all my junk back in my car first . 
And I'm officially back at UCO ! 
Maaruig ( Maa-aa-aa-aa-aaaaaaaaaargh-arrrgh-RUOOUOUOU-ighkh *) - noun . The inexpressible horror experienced on waking up in the morning and remembering that you are still < PROPMALE > in < PROPFEMALE > Trek . \ 
* Loudly , as if in pain . 
Holy cow ... Did anyone else see this on the bulletin boards ? There's a meeting at 1 PM this Friday the 21st at the Starbucks in the NUC to try to start a Quidditch team here at UCO ! 
Polyphant ( POL-i-fant ) - noun . The mythical beast -- part bird , part snake , part jam stain -- which invariably wins childrens ' painting competitions in the five-to-seven age group . 
I love LUDO . :3 
Goosecruives ( GOOS-crives ) - plural noun . ( Archaic ) A pair of wooden trousers worn by poultry keepers in the Middle Ages . 
Aboyne ( a-BOYN ) - verb . To beat an expert at a game of skill by playing so appallingly that none of his clever tactics or strategies are of any use to him . 
Jurby ( JUR-bi ) - noun . A loose woolen garment reaching to the knees and with three or more armholes , knitted by the wearer's well-meaning but incompetent aunt . 
Hassop ( HAS-sup ) - noun . The pocket down the back of an armchair used for storing pennies and bits of Lego . 
Greely ( GREE-lee ) - noun . Someone who continually annoys you by continually apologizing for annoying you . 
Golant ( GOL-unt ) - adjective . Blank , sly and faintly embarrassed . Pertaining to the expression seen on the face of someone who has clearly forgotten your name . 
It doesn't matter what's wrong with your computer . If you walk all the way across campus to IT to fix something , there will be nothing to fix once they look at what was wrong . -_- 
Getting into the wifi here is such a pain .. I hate it . Why can't the regular dorms have regular wired internet ??? 
And I have wifi again !!!! Yay !!!!!! I thought I was going to have to give up for the night . 
Grimbister ( GRIM-bis-ter ) - noun . Large body of cars on a highway all traveling at exactly the speed limit because one of them is a police car . 
Gotta love those random fire safety drills . -_- :P 
Stibbard ( STIB-ard ) - noun . The invisible brake pedal on the passenger's side of the car . 
I will lift you off the ground \ 
And release you 
Well , I went out and did my social thing for the week , possibly month . :P 
Okay ... I just shot my first roll of film for my Darkroom class ... I really hope I shot everything correctly and that I don't screw up my film when I develop it later . 
Holy cow ... The weather has been so incredibly nice this past two days ... Why does the threat of snow for Monday have to ruin it ??!!! 
Whoo !! I feel accomplished . I just developed my first roll of film , and it turned out better than I feared it might . :D 
I got woken up this morning by a very painful cramp in my calf ... Ouch . >.< 
Aahhh ... This is the weather for jeans , short sleeves , and flip-flops . Enjoy it while you can , because it's supposed to come to an abrupt halt by Monday . 
Why does it have to be so difficult to find enough information on phenylisothiocyanate to write a 1 or 2 < PROPFEMALE > paper ? Honestly ! :P 
Heck yes ! I just finished making my first print in the darkroom . It was awesome . :D 
So ... Where is all this horrible blizzardry we're supposed to be getting ? 
Okay , I can't tell ... Is it still snowing , or is the wind just blowing a lot of the already-fallen snow around ? 
Uuggghhhh ... This is getting old . After a while , not even random Comedy Central and Cartoon Network programming loses its charm . 
Oh , how I love that this is the 2nd night in a row where the wifi isn't fast enough to support half-decent videochatting . I really do . 
Ahh , the < PROPFEMALE > days of Nickelodeon . I'm watching Good Burger on ABC Family . xD 
Oh , joy ! This looks like it will be a day when I have to re-sign in to access the internet every half hour . Woo ! 
Football . Boo . 
And wifi hates me tonight too . Awesome . No webcam for me . Nope . -_- 
Arrrgrrarrr ...... Why does school have to be canceled tomorrow ? Sitting in the dorm is no fun at all . I'd rather go to class . -_- 
Well that was fun . I spent an entire evening geeking-out with < PROPFIRST > Jinkies Pearson and < PROPMALE > Potter stuff . xD 
Internet . Seriously . What do you have against me ? I haven't been able to cam with my boyfriend since before the first round of snow , with maybe one or two days in between . This is getting very aggravating . 
I hate this weather so much ... It's been killing my hands for weeks . 
Why does it smell like dry dog food outside ? Holy crap . 
Aaaaahhhhh !!! This isn't fair ... Maybe ... The new Rocklahoma lineup has just been released . As much as I dislike ROK for the turn they took , they have one band this year that I'd kill to see . Whitesnake . 
My mom is awesome . I just received a < PROPFIRST > Stover chocolate box filled with a few chocolate hearts , a Hershey's Special Dark bar , and a DVD of < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE>'s \9 . \"" 
Wow . Today was definitely interesting . I spent from about 2:40 til 11:40 with < PROPFIRST > Jinkies Pearson and < PROPFIRST > Tomlinson . Comics and books and ice cream . Oh , my ! 
Okay ... It's time to start finding strings and pull them . If I go to Rocklahoma this year , I want it to be the right way : with one of the bands playing there . 
... Why is my internet deciding that it wants to be slow again ? -_- 
Is June here yet ? No ? Dang . 
I feel like a stalker . :P 
And I'm off to the darkroom once more ! I have some film to develop . My first roll came out fine , so hopefully I'll have the same luck for this project too . :P 
Yay ! I got SUPER lucky when developing my film ... I forgot to do the different ones separately , so I had to just develop for one of them . They both turned out okay . Whew ! Also , Ravenclaw for the win !!! I can't wait for the Quidditch stuff to start rolling . :D 
Do you know what an amazing invention would be ? Transition lens technology for your car windows . That would be awesome , because I have to roll down all of my windows if I'm driving on anything other than a relatively empty highway at night . 
I'm watching a bunch of guys LARP in Hafer Park with < PROPMALE > . This is great . xD 
Okay . Well , I found out that I don't have strep throat , so I should be back to normal within a few days . Awesome . Now I think I'm going to go make a few hours magically disappear by working in the darkroom . 
Kamelot : Poetry for the Poisoned . Look it up . It is fantastic ! 
Well , you can't have a sore throat if you can barely feel it to begin with . Doctors don't fool around . That stuff is strong . xD 
Oh my gosh ... < PROPMALE>'s today at lunch ... It took so much effort to not laugh . xD 
Ow ... My eyes hurt . -_- 
Well , I feel accomplished . I spent 3.5 hours working on ( and finishing ) my darkroom assignment , then I immediately went and spent around an hour working out with < PROPMALE > . :) 
I get to go to the Friends of the Library book sale with < PROPFIRST > Jinkies Pearson in a little while . Yay ! :D 
It's time . This will be brutal . >:D 
That was the most epic bookhunt i've ever been on . xD 
I'm 43 ( so close ! ) books richer now . Awesome . :D 
I recently got back from the Penn Square Mall with < PROPFIRST > Jinkies Pearson , and we shared a weird experience while there . We went into an Apple store for the first time , and we immediately felt crazy , psychic-like effects on our bodies that went away when we left the store . We're on to you , Apple . 
I just shot 3 rolls of film in 2- 2.5 hours . Awesome . :D 
Holy cow ... Developing film takes forever . I just spent nearly 3 hours developing and drying 3 rolls . On the bright side , it looks like every single photo turned out very well . :) 
So , I'm happy . One ( of two ) of my projects is done , and the due date isn't until early April ! Am I on the ball , or what ? :P 
Dear internet : Why do you hate me so much ? What did I do to deserve you completely crapping out on me like that ? It's not right . Sincerely , < PROPFEMALE > . 
I'm serious , internet . What the heck did I do to you ??? 
I'm looking forward to Spring Break ... I intend to spend a very large chunk of it reading the books I recently bought . :D 
So very , very close ... I only have one class left until I get to finish packing and go home . If chemistry bores me half ( more like 80%) to sleep again , I'm going to be mad , because I'm finally awake now and I have a 2 hour drive to look forward to . :P 
And whoo ! Time to start packing the rest of my stuff . I'm done for the day , and my break has started . :D 
I think all of this fluorescent light I'm absorbing is unhealthy .... 
June . -_- 
It doesn't matter if you took naps as a kid or not . You'll take them in college . :P 
The Masquerade has started , and I'm about to head over there . :D 
Well , tonight was fun . I danced for multiple hours with < PROPFIRST > Pearson at the Masquerade . However , now it's time for bed . Goodnight , all . 
I don't care that it's beyond cheesy . I love Mama Mia ! xD 
Internet , \ 
Apparently I keep doing something to make you mad at me , thus causing you to prevent me from camming with < PROPFIRST > . What the heck did I do ?!?!? 
Well ... Crap . I got some malware last night and had to drop my laptop off at a computer place to clean it up . I doubt I'll get it back before Friday . =\\ 
Today may not have been my best by any means , but there is a merciful God ... All of my film turned out okay . :P 
Jersey Shore is on a TV at Coyote < PROPFIRST>'s ... I still fail to see the appeal and/or point . Well , there is no point , but you get what I mean . :P 
Yay for library computers with internet access ! I'll be here until I get done with an English assignment . :P 
Grr .... Just slightly over half a < PROPFEMALE > left , then my paper draft will be done . Why is this taking so long ?? 
And done ! Whoo !! Now to go back to my dorm ... I think I'll continue reading Wicked for a while . 
I just skipped chem and stood in the cold for two hours to listen to a radical Methodist and his wife rant . It was awesome . I have pics and video . 
I feel accomplished ! After nearly 4 hours in the darkroom , the rest of my photos are on the racks drying . All that's left is flattening and touch-ups . :D 
Yay ! I'm done with two photo projects that won't be due til Monday ! 
Haha , aww .. I think a group of high schoolers are on campus tonight for whatever reason . They're so cute . xP 
FW : RobDenBleyker : Haha , the Onion articles are all fake today ! Well played ! 
My laptop is fixed !!! I can pick it up Monday ! Whooo !! 
Awesome day with < PROPMALE > and Emily : < PROPFEMALE>'s , Medieval Fair , a bit of shopping , and dinner . My feet hurt . :P 
Oh , < PROPMALE > tripped over stuff and ( accidentally , of course ) almost kicked a baby stroller , and I got hit on by a wizard . Also , apparently I have legs . xD 
Well , tomorrow should be a nice mix : no English Comp . II ( good ) , Chemistry test ( meh ) , Darkroom project presentations ( good ) , and I get my laptop back . Not too shabby . 
Dear Oklahoma Weather , \ 
What the hell ? I was comfortably wearing shorts yesterday ! What happened , are you prone to menopausal mood swings or something ? Geeze ... 
Okay , my laptop is back , but I still need to have IT install Java for me . Then I'll be good to go . :) 
And we're back online !!! After a full week , I finally have my laptop with internet again . :D 
Heheh , yes . Expect lots of photos to be uploaded very , very soon . Within the next few hours for sure , but many in the immediate future . 
Okay , my Darkroom scans are up , as are my photos from that awesome rant by \Brother Jed\ " and his crazy wife . I'm uploading a particularly good video from the latter on YouTube as I type . The URL will be posted . " 
Okay , the 9-minute Brother < PROPMALE > and Wife video may not be up for a while ... It took too long to attempt to upload . I'm trying a shorter one instead . :P 
I don't know how , but I win ! I got to give at today's blood drive . :) 
Random thing of the day : I took an abandoned ( and obviously free ) yardstick from a campus bathroom . 
I just finished reading BloodSucking Fiends by < PROPFIRST > Moore . It was excellent . 
