Heading to the kitchen to make some yummies , and then sitting down to watch a whole lot of < PROPFEMALE > Bergman movies , with a few < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ones stuck in for good measure . ( Nothing like good old movies to start out the New Year , eh ? ) :D Happy New Year everyone !!! Many , many blessings ! 

Just got home from dinner out with some friends --- before that , brunch with some other friends ... I'm SOOO tired of laughing- I think I spent just about six hours in laughter , and besides that , just endless giggles . Happy New Year everyone , from one * very * tired nut . How was your first day of 2010 ? 
Company over for dinner tonight ... my social calender has been non-stop for the past week- no rest for the wicked I guess . LOL 
I made bread , did the laundry , and cleaned the floors . Aren't I just the perfect little housewife . :P Only the ' wife ' part is missing . Ah well . Good day so far ! :) 
Making our old family recipe of Borscht for dinner , made another batch of bread , and have to start on the iced dessert ... :P Then I have to clean the house up , and iron a tablecloth ! Company coming for dinner ! VERY good day so far . :D Hope everyone else is having a good one ! :) 
I haven't been here in a while . LOL I need to be more regular in getting on ! Today my computer crashed , and I lost a whole host of e-mails ready to send . :( * rips hair out * Prayers needed for a friend of mine on another note . 
Cleaning house today , and planning for the Feast of Trumpets ! :D Fun , fun , fun ! 
Slept in way too late , and worked far too hard yesterday writing . Yo ho ho , a writers life for me . < PROPFEMALE>'s doing a little better now , by the way , her fever's down ! Let's all pray her into impeccable health . 
Beating her brain for a reason to sit down and work on her book again ... Chapter 14 isn't moving . Nuada Baldur is a pain . Too arrogant of a character for his own good . Aidan Moore isn't helping the situation either . Men . * rolls eyes * 
is singing songs from Fiddler on The Roof as she goes about her morning work . Working with Eben this afternoon . Finally got lil Stallion-in-training , Javelin , to lead . Whoot ! My ribs still hurt where he kicked last training session . :P 
Heading out . 
Reading , writing and vegetating in the warm house , on the comfy couch for the WHOLE weekend . ( No work this weekend ! Yay ! ) I'm sorry I wasn't on IM last night , Jem . It was too late after we finished dinner and the movie to get on . :( * Hugs * 
Writing on TR V . 2 today ... Very behind . Ribs still hurt like heck . Dratted Stallion-wanna-be . * Contemplates the ingredients of glue * 
Moving my bedroom today ( had been most of yesterday into the late night . ) -- This move is a late ' hafty-birthday ' gift from Mum and Dad ! Maybe I will post a few pictures when it's done . :D 
Gonna get those pictures of my awesome new ' apartment ' as everyone asked , but I haven't finished the move yet , so maybe tomorrow . :P Almost there though ! Oh and obviously much against the flow- I'm NOT sick ( I've been a good girl though , and taken all my herbal medicines * smirks *) . I am praying for everyone who is though . :/ 
Must work on my book today- V . 2 just isn't going as well as I had hoped- but it's all my lack of perseverance . I shall reform . I need some cheerleaders though , * hands out the pom-poms *;) 
Went shopping yesterday- I was gone till after 11 o'clock , almost turned into a pumpkin . :P Will work on V . 2 today through drowsy haze . Finishing chapter four , here I come !!! 
We had one of the oddest ' Internet blackouts ' ever . We couldn't access any of our online accounts , all at the same time no less . Lasted for about nine and a half hours . Anyone else notice anything ? I'm wondering if it was just this part of the country , or perhaps it was national ? 
is almost finished with the New Years newsletter for Mum and Dad to mail out to all their friends . :P I'm tired of using my touch-pad on my laptop instead of a mouse ! I am all thumbs ( haha ) with it ! Its really hard to do graphic design without a mouse , believe me . :P 
Let's see how forthcoming my facebook friends are . Leave a one word comment that you think best describes me . It can only be 1 word . No more than one word . Then copy & paste this post on your wall so I can leave a word about you . This should be interesting ... :) 
Heading into town for our monthly grocery shopping ... :P I need some wake-up juice . Hmm ... and why has Lambchop's theme song been playing in my head all morning ? 
Everyone play the game by answering this question : What color are my eyes ? ( No fair peeking at the profile picture ) :) Now copy and paste this to your status . You'll be surprised at how difficult it is for people to remember eye color ! 
I'm writing on Vol . 2 again- after a LONG time of Writers Block . I've got a paragraph in three hours ... I'm thinking that isn't all that great , but compared to none in months ... well ... :P 
Working on house work , and then writing tonight . :D Happy me ! 
Will be away at a retreat over the weekend ( leaving tomorrow , must pack and get ready tonight ) --- <3 Love you all , and I will be back soon . :D * hugs * to you all ! 
came home a day early from the retreat , and immediately got the worst flu ever . * cries * Anyone else ever feel like their brain was melting ? 
Movie night with Mommy and me . Dad will probably come in too , but later . < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > line up , and then ' The Mummy ' :D :D :D Any like-minded peeps ? 
I finished sewing my first corset .... * WHEW * I am ALIVE . I lived to tell about it . It turned out well , just a bit too big . I'll get a picture ( of the corset ) later . :D Not bad for my second clothing project ever . 
has that depressed feeling one gets when they get their bank statement and their account has less in it at the end of the month , than at the beginning . Kind of like being out of Nutella . 
Getting ready for a visit from some old friends of my Dad's ... first time I'll meet them ! First visit with us in 28-29 years ! Must dust the living room , and clean up the house . :) Thinking of everyone while I work though ! 
Has a HORRIBLE flu - is miserable - will no doubt soon die of boredom and self pity . ( I know , I need to go off those drama pills . But they are SO addictive . ) Is going to bed now . Goodnight , peeps . 
thinks there should a ' dislike ' button for we contrary ( or better-informed ) peeps . Barack Obama's < PROPFEMALE > keeps coming up as a suggestion . * smirks evilly * 
Hasn't been keeping up on FB enough- and seriously doubts that will change very much in the next few weeks ... but then , who knows , right ? Remembering to sign in would be a step in the right direction , though . 
Unloading hay ... * yo , ho , ho ... a rancher's life for me * 
Going to load MORE hay ... then unload it . Again . Hay scratches . Life is beautiful . 
Was sick ... iz better . Now I need to catch up on everything that's been happening for the past week and a half . 
I have come down with a case of Mono . :/ That's what I get for kissing all those sailors , right ? It's not called the ' kissing disease ' for nothing . * snickers * ( And , apparently I only post here when I'm sick . ) \ 
* DISCLAIMER * I haven't * actually * kissed any sailors . ;P (' cept my Gramps . ) 
Thank you all SOOOOO much for the loving birthday wishes . :D I had a great day ... one I shall not soon forget . <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 * hugs everyone * 
