is having difficult with the layout of the new newsletter . I really do not like Publisher !! 

is wondering if I will ever get the help that I need . 
is wondering if I will get the help that I need . 
is getting sick by the smell in this office . 
is at home relaxing while her love is at the river with friends . 
is up and at'em this morning . Trying to get donations and participants for the Dodgeball Tournament . 
wants to thank everyone for the birthday wishes . Love you all !! 
received a Garmin GPS for her birthday from her love . I think he bought it more for him than for me :) 
has been working on Boy Scout work since 4:00 a.m. this morning . Can we say insomnia really bad ??? 
is hoping to get more than the usual 2 hours of sleep she has been receiving nightly for the past two weeks . 
is at the office . Only one other person is here . 
will spend the day with her sister while < PROPFIRST > is at the fire station . Life of a fire fighter . Happy 4th to everyone ! 
has realized that \the critter\ " did not like the loud fireworks last night . Did not let me sleep any last night . " 
just saw a commercial for the \Potty Spot\ " for dogs . It is another marketing gimmick for people who are to lazy to let their dogs outdoors to use the bathroom . " 
has a full day ahead : units , newsletter , money , charters , popcorn , money , membership , school nights , oh ... and did I mention money . 
is so sleep deprived that I have no idea what is happening . Ready to have this child . 
is working at home while < PROPFIRST > is at the Fire Department . So much to organize and do . 
spent the day with < PROPFIRST > . Been a while since we actually spent a whole day together . 
went to ER last night . Have to go to Dr today . hopefully , things will be good . 
had a busy day trying to organize School Nights and solve problems . Wonder what tomorrow has in store for me ? 
is wondering if five months is too early for the nesting period ? I spent all weekend and 5 hours last night cleaning , and I feel the house is still not cleaned . UGGHHH ..... 
is having a girl . A sweet , baby girl . What am I going to do with a girl ? 
has come to the conclusion that sleep is overrated , especially to my little < PROPFEMALE > . She is so active during the night . 
does not know where to begin . 
is enjoying some peace and quiet . Now , if I could only sleep . 
is thinking that this pregnancy is not a good idea . 
has many decisions to make . Some are not looking so good . 
is wondering why men have to make everything complicated . And they say WE are the complicated ones . 
is taking things day by day . 
is going to enjoy a good weekend with Tennessee football . 
has come to the conclusion that gravity is not her friend . Painful swelling . 
has 7 more weeks but wants it over now . 
no longer has ankles by CANKLES . This is too funny ! 
no longer has ankles but CANKLES . Have to see the humor in it . 
completely understands why her friend < PROPFEMALE > asked her for help many times during the most month of her pregnancy . < PROPFEMALE > , I am SOOO sorry if I complained to you about helping you . Love Ya !!! 
is wondering what to do . 
has the doctors baffled . Not sure if I have toxemia or not . Blood pressure is good , but lab results indiciate something different . 
wants to wish everyone a very Happy Thanksgiving ! 
had < PROPFEMALE>'s ultrasound this morning on her kidneys . Everything looked normal . I am so glad ! Now , to get her days and nights on track . 
is only wanting one thing for Christmas this year . 
is wishing everybody a < PROPFEMALE > Christams and a safe New Year . 
is wondering what the new year has in store for her . HMM ... 
side by side all day and night long . 
is thinking that today is Monday and too cold for my brain to be operating at the pace it should be . 
is pondering the deep meaning of life .... 
has a sick baby and running on 0 hours of sleep . Ahhh , the joys of parenthood . Would not trade it for the world though . 
is so glad that < PROPFEMALE > slept through the night for 9 hours . I actually slept well but had too much sleep . Now I am a walking zombie . 
I smell my sister sliding down a hill because that is how I roll . 
has a busy day ahead : meeting , another meeting , meeting , and camp . Did I mention I had meetings ? 
had a great time at camp . I love getting to know the awsome individuals that volunteer for our organization . 
is going home to cook red beans and rice then visit my parents with Little Bit . 
has a meeting tonight in Tifton . 
has worked every night this week and is working all weekend . So much to do , so little time . 
I love my sister more than words can say . If you have a sister who is your best friend and has shared life's precious blessings with you and has also been there for you through thick and thin copy and paste this to your status . The world would not be the same without our sisters . 
has a busy but hopefully successful day today . 
is going to have to break down and purchase a Crackberry . Thanks < PROPMALE > ! 
is getting Little Bit ready to go see her Grammy . 
has a very fussy Little Bit . 
IT'S BROTHER/SISTER WEEK !!!!!! Everyone change your profile pic to a pciture of you with your brother or sister or both ! Picture can be from when you were young or a current one ! Copy and paste this , and lets see how many people love their siblings !!!!! 
2 
has come to many realizations , and they are not good . 
It's < PROPFIRST>'s Week on Facebook . Change your profile picture to a picture of you with your significant other and tell us how long you've been together ..... 
is listening to Miss You Much by < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > . Some old school music tonight . < PROPFIRST > , thinking about you hun . I know you love < PROPFEMALE > ! 
loves when my Little Bit looks up at me with those big , blue eyes and gives me the biggest smile . Melts my heart . 
is watching her sweet Little Bit sleep . She is so peaceful and sweet . 
is nursing my sweet , sick , baby girl . She has the glorious virus that seems to be hitting everyone . 
has one fussy baby girl . Have not been able to lie her down all day . Had her shots today , plus the virus . Poor baby is so sick . 
is enjoying watching my little girl grow before my eyes . She has accomplished so much in the past month . 
has moved . So quiet and refreshing . AHHH .... 
has moves but now is sick and so is Little Bit . She is not a pleasant baby when she does not feel well . 
reconnected with an old flame . Interesting what turn of events can transpire . 
is on a roll today . Life is good ! 
is watching her Little Bit sleep in her lap and listening to her snore . She can rattle the windows . Do not know where she acquired that ! 
wants to thank everyone for their prayers and thoughts for my mom . There is not much of a change . Vitals are stable due to medications , and organ systems are failing . 
is having to say good bye to the woman that raised me to be the woman that I am today . I love you Mama . 
wants to think everyone for the prayers and thoughts . My mother is being released tomorrow and will be admitted to a hospice nursing home for the remainder of her days . 
wants to thank everybody for their thoughts and prayers . My mother's journey ended tonight . She was 56 . 
was with my sister and Little Bit at Wal-Mart when a woman approached us and asked if Little Bit was my granddaughter . HELLO !!! Do I look that old ? 
is going to live my life to the fullest . Eyes forward on the future . No looking back . 
has a sick Little Bit . She has a touch of pneumonia . Poor thing . I cannot keep her well . 
is enjoying the good and having the time of my life . There are some things that need to be said , and they will be said soon enough . 
has a 5 month old that loves the song Bad Romance by Lady GaGa . She cries everytime the song ends . UGGGHHHHH ..... tired of Lady GaGa . Thanks Aunt < PROPFIRST > for introducing her to it . 
IF YOU ARE BRAVE .... Copy this into your status and see what people rate you . 1 : Crazy . 2 : I'd marry you . 3 Talkative . 4 : Sassy . 5 : Loveable . 6 : Too nice . 7 : Moody . 8 : Sexy . 9 : Spoiled . 10 : Mouthy . 11 : Random . 12 : Hot . 13 : Funny . 14 : Fit . 15 : Amazing . 16 : Beautiful . 17 : Cute . 18 : Smart ass . 19 : bubbly . 20 : loyal . ~ Be Honest ~ . 
Always have . Always will ! 
If you always do what you've always done , you'll always get what you always got .... 
has a sick baby again . Her poor ears . I feel so sorry for her . 
is needing a mjor change ..... 
will be celebrating my first Mother's Day as a mom and celebrating my first Mother's Day without my mom . 
is so excited about Tuesday ;) 
only one more day to Tuesday . I cannot wait :) 
is wondering what has her allergies in an fizzy this morning . Talk about pain and pressure . UGHH .... 
It is official . I am sick . I feel it in my lungs . Going to doctor to get drugs . 
has only 15 more pounds to loose to reach my pre pregnancy weight . I think I can , I think I can .... 
is sitting outside on her screened in porch , listening to < PROPMALE > Redding , < PROPFEMALE > Jones , and Ludacris ' new CD ( odd combination ) , and burning insencense . AHHH ..... Life is sooo good . I am sooo happy ! 
< PROPFEMALE > is beginning to develop her own little personality . Some of the things she is doing is freaking hilarious . 
is heading to Hotlanta ! Going to be a FUN and eventful weekend . Will post pics later . Hope everyone has a happy and safe Memorial Day Weekend . 
is back from a GREAT weekend in Atlanta . We went to the < PROPFEMALE > Aquarium , Medieval Times to eat , Braves game last night , and ended today at Six Flags ALL DAY . I am exhausted , but I enjoyed it SOOOO much . 
is wondering if anybody else has had problems with their facebook account being hacked into ? And I change my password all the time . 
has a Little One with measles . She is not a happy camper . Never had the measles , but they appear to be painful . Well , at least to her it seems painful . 
LA bound tomorrow . Actually , Atlanta bound tomorrow , then LA bound Saturday morning . Please shoot me for arranging a flight at 8:00 in the morning . 
Ahhh .... LA , my second home . Love it here ! 
UGGGHHHH ..... this three hour time difference is for the birds . 
will be out of touch for the next two days . Going to the desert . To camp . And to catch \Little Green Men\ " lol . " 
returned from camping and is fighting mad because people cannot post payments correctly in a computer system causing a < PROPMALE > headache while I am thousands of < PROPMALE > away on vacation . Thank goodness for my neighbors in GA . All in all , everything is good there , and I am having fun here . Washing clothes and getting ready for Disneyland on Saturday . 
is wishing my best friend a happy 32nd birthday today . He is my rock , and I appreciate everything that he does for me . 
OMG !! The shower . I just love that shower . I want to live in the shower and have little shower babies . AWESOME !!! 
is going to chill by the pool today . Been going ninety to nothing since we arrived . Need a break and relax . 
tried surfing again today . Nope , not my sport . I believe I inhaled the whole Pacific Ocean into my lungs during my many wipeouts . I will stick to land sports . 
has many decisions to make . Love being in LA . Always puts things into perspective . 
And we are off ... to San < PROPFIRST > . I may not want to return . 
Did I hear Vegas for my birthday ??? Hot diggity dog !! Going to The Vegas !!! 
knows what her birthday surprise is , and I am so excited . 
loves Cedars-Siani hospital . They were so good with Little Bit . 
When in Rome .... 
wants to thank everybody for the birthday wishes . They mean a lot to me . 
What a weekend ! Had a blast , but fun is over . Time to make some tough decisions in a short amount of time . 
has only two more days here in Never Neverland . Then it is off to Mississippi to visit the fam for a few days . Hopefully , they can give me some direction with the big decision I am having to make . 
has made it to Mississippi . Missing LA already :( Has made the biggest decision of my life . Hopefully , I will not regret it in the long run . 
is so happy . Little Bit just said I Love You to me . Made my morning . 
saw this on another friend's status : Honk if you love Jesus . Text while driving if you want to meet him . 
< PROPFEMALE > experienced her first firework show on the Mississippi River . She was in complete awe until the middle . Then she ... FELL ASLEEP . 
is back in GA at least for now . Have so much to do in such a short time . 
is enjoying watching my little one grow before my eyes . 
is neither here nor there . 
is in the \Don't f@ #k with me\ " mood . I am out for blood today . " 
is exhausted and wishes she could wiggle her nose and make everything better . Only in the movies , huh ? 
is so exhausted . What time zone am I in now ? 
To the driver in the green 2007 Toyota Camary : I am the driver of the 2010 black Land Rover whose front end you clipped earlier this morning on the 405 in your 100mph mad dash to Starbucks for your Frappe Mocha Cappo Chocolate Latte thingy . Yeah .... I have your tag number . I will use it ! 
did not realize that Twinkle Twinkle Little < PROPFEMALE > and the Alphabet Song have the same tune . Okay .... I need to get a life . 
is getting another tattoo . This will be my third one . But this one is so worth it . 
has just spent the past two hours watching the movie , \Jennifer's Body . \ " Please kill me now . Those are two hours that I will never get back . I would rather have my teeth drilled . At least the drill would be more exciting than the stupid movie . Thanks < PROPMALE >!" 
has a few tricks up her sleeve ! Never underestimate the workings of a Coon-A#@ woman . 
is getting the virus that the little one had yesterday . Somebody come and kill me now . 
does not understand why < PROPFEMALE > thinks it is < PROPFEMALE > funny to squeal as loud as she can . 
is thinking that it is a little strange that her 8 month old daughter likes < PROPFEMALE > Manson . 
is hoping that the drs will be able to diagnose what is happening to Little Bit . 
has accomplished something I bet nobody else has before . I have locked my one car key in my car . Here is the clincher : I have my key ring with all my other keys sitting on the table . Some how my car key fell off my key ring while I was getting Little Bit out of the back seat . Not good . 
just heard about a shooting at Bayous . Thanks for letting me know Ashley :) I will not be eating there anymore . 
< PROPFEMALE > took her first steps last night . I am a very proud Mommy . 
is tired of all the drama and BS . I just want all of it to end . If it does not end soon , I will have to result to pulling out my hair strand by strand . 
is wondering if I am being a total blonde because I do not understand the meaning of the new Boost Mobile commerical . Does anybody know what it means ? 
is a little sad today . Today would have been my mom's 58th birthday . Still hard to believe that she is not here anymore . 
always has the upper hand . 
is wondering .... 
wants to strangle herself for getting back in school . The thesis paper is kicking me in my butt . December will all . Get my graduate degree . Only four more months ... 
is watching the agonizing look on her pit bulls face because < PROPFEMALE > has found the tail . Jas now realizes that her tail is attached . However , it may not be for long . 
\All good things must come to an end . \ " ~ Chaucer " 
is wondering if this day could get any worse . 
is trying to keep positive about things . 
made an effort . Cannot ask for anything more . 
The Goonies ! One of my favorite movies . Guess what I am watching ? 
If the Goo Goo Dolls and Lady GaGa were to embark on a tour together , would it be called the Goo Goo GaGa Tour . LOL ! I crack myself up . 
has to do what she has to do . Tired of being taken advantage of when I try to do the right thing . Hope God will be able to forgive me for what I am having to do . 
has done what she had to do . It is now in the hands of the authorities and judge . Have to protect my child . 
is enjoying watching my little one stumbling around trying to learn to walk . Such a sweet face when she falls back on her bottom and looks up at me with the big , blue eyes of hers and smiles at me . Steals my heart . 
hopes that things keep going in her favor . Just wish I could be a fly on the wall . 
loves to give Little Bit a bath . She tries to grab the water as it comes out of the faucet . When she cannot catch the water , she screams and hits the faucet . Boy oh boy . She has the Long temper . 
is getting ready to take Little Bit to visit her PaPa and Aunt < PROPFIRST > . They have not seen her in over a week . Little Bit loves her Aunt < PROPFIRST > ! 
is feeling sorry for my puppy . She is going to be tailess , earless , bald , and crippled by the time Little Bit is a year old . 
is waiting for the action to begin . Tired of waiting 
Dear mother of the sick little girl at the doctors ' office on Thursday : Thank you for not stopping your sick child from touching my daughter . Now , she has a funky rash on her torso . I am still for a good butt whipping when the child needs it , and that child needed it on Thursday . Too bad I could not have done it . 
Okay , the new Axe commerical . It cleans your balls . Has anybody else seen this ? Too freaking funny . 
thinks that it is precious that my 20 year old sister despises children and has repeatedly stated that she will NEVER have children ; however , she will fight and die for Little Bit . And Little Bit LOVES her Aunt < PROPFIRST > . 
does not understand why my neighbor , who lives alone , feels that she has to wash 4 loads of clothes at 2 o'clock in the morning EVERY morning . I believe she is the female version of < PROPFIRST > Dohmer . What single person living alone washes loads of clothes everyday ? 
is seeing the features of the < PROPFIRST > side on Little Bits face more and more . My grandfather would be proud . 
is wondering why Little Bit has slept for 2 hours in the past two days . I have not slept ANY ! 
is waiting for < PROPFEMALE > to begin . 
has been feeding my little one watermelon and boiled peanuts . She loves the peanuts the most . She is a true Georgian and a true Long . 
is so happy ! Little Bit has walked more than two steps today . She walked four steps before falling . We are getting there ! 
has a sick little one . She has bronchitis with a touch of pneumonia and really bad ear infections . Wish she could talk to me and tell me where she hurts :( I feel so helpless . 
I like it on the hook by the door . 
is so glad that my little one is feeling so much better . She is not herself when she is sick . Now , we have to go visit Aunt < PROPFIRST > and PaPa . It has been almost 3 weeks since they have seen her :( 
has decided that today is going to be a lazy day . Now , if only Little Bit could pick up on that memo . 
When it rains , it pours . What to do ? What to do ? 
My car does not crank . My sister's car has alternator problems . My father's truck broke down on my sister in the worst part of Albany . What else is going to happen ? 
is praying that things will get better . 
is livid . < PROPFIRST > Smith Autoland has had my car now for 5 days leaving me stranded . My sweet puppy is so sick that she cannot move . I cannot take her to receive medical treatment because the a* @holes have my car . Plus , I am stranded without a car and have an eleven month old . I feel sorry for whoever receives my wrath tomorrow ! 
is thinking only good thoughts . Cannot allow the bad thoughts to take over . 
is watching The Goonies and Friday the 13th Part III . When < PROPFIRST > appears on the screen , I quickly change to the loveable Goonies . I am such a wuss when it comes to horror movies , but I love them . Go figure ! 
my child has too much of her Aunt < PROPFIRST > in her . She grabbed a candle on the table . I lightly spatted her hand and told her NO . She turned to me , looked at me , and motor boated her mouth to me . Seriously ? Too young to be popping back at me . 
Day 3 of no pacifier . Being doing well . First night without it was hard , but last night was good . Lets see how we do tonight . 
is lucky to have great friends and family , even my Mississippi family . I know I can turn to them for anything . 
Irony : no sleep for the past two nights due to Little Bit's inability to sleep more than 20 minutes while I only wanted to sleep . Now , I cannot sleep and Little Bit is zonked out . 
has so much to do today , but is dragging . I do not know why . Can my sweet little sister just do everything for me today ? I love you < PROPFIRST > :) 
cannot describe what I am feeling , but I do know that worrying is at the top do the list . I hope things happen in my favor . 
is just here ... 
Okay Mommys , I have a dilema . < PROPFEMALE > has begun to SQUEAL when she is crying . I am talking blood curling squeal . She is doing it everytime she cries . I put her to bed last night and she squealed for 30 minutes straight . My neighbor called the police thinking I was abusing my child . Nothing works , and it gets louder when ignored . It has to stop . Cannot afford the police to come to my house again . Help ! 
And she is off .... And she is off again ... Dani is walking around like it is nobody's business . Man , I love this kid ! < PROPFIRST > , get your tennis shoes ready to start running after her . < PROPFEMALE > on you . HA ! 
needs to remember to breathe . 
is feeling that things will be just fine :) 
wants to thank all of our service men and women , especially my dad , who give their time and lives so we can enjoy ours . 
Is it sad that I think the Decon rat poison commerical with the man dressed in a huge rat suit is funny ? Yeah , what I thought . I need a life :) 
Just finished watching Nature's Deadliest on Discovery . Remind me to NEVER go to Brazil . All the most poisonous creatures on the Earth live in Brazil . I am feeling that the North Pole is a safe vacation spot now . 
is really missing my mom . My little one is doing things that I am not understanding , and my dad cannot remember if I had similar actions . If I could only see her one last time . 
Okay . Just saw the preview for The Tourist with < PROPFIRST > Depp and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > . That is an odd match . Right ? Just not feeling that movie with the two of them together . 
On this day one year ago , God blessed me with the sweetest little girl . I am lucky to be her Mom . Happy first birthday to my sweet angel who right now has her devil horns holding up the halo :) 
is wondering what else is going to go wrong . It is just not in the cards for luck to be on our side . 
had an eventful morning . My dad had to put a poor < PROPMALE > out of his misery due to both back legs being broken and nothing but bone showing . Then come to find out , the neighbor hit a deer in the back legs last night driving on Philema . Wonder if the same deer ? To coincidental to not be . But Little Bit got to pet it before the end . That is a close to a live deer I have ever been . Poor thing was suffering majorly . 
wants to wish everyone a very Happy Thanksgiving . Even though this is the first Thanksgiving without my mom , I have taken the reigns and cooked an awesome meal for my family . Good day ! 
has realized that it is too quiet in this house . I can hear myself think which is very dangerous . 
is so lucky to have a beautiful little girl , a great family , and awesome friends that all love unconditionally . Thank you to my sister and < PROPFIRST > . Love you guys very much . 
is doing what she has to do . If it messes up somebody's world , oh well . Should have thought about the consequences . < PROPFEMALE > always comes back to bite you in the butt . 
is torn between Grinch and < PROPMALE > . < PROPMALE > won . < PROPFEMALE > and I are watching it . She loves < PROPMALE > Ives singing the song . She is clapping her hands to the music . Her TRUE first Christmas . Loving it . 
GREAT ! TV just went out . There is a thin white line across the middle of the screen . Audio still works well . Poor < PROPFEMALE > has to listen to her cartoons now instead of watching them . What else is going to happen ? 
Okay . My dumb blonde may be showing greatly when I ask this , but I thought Circuit City filed bankruptcy and closed . If that is so , then why am I receiving emails from Circuit City ? Did the company close completely or only downsized ? 
is remembering an inside joke between my sister and me : YOGALATES . PUDDING . 
Boy oh boy , I am in T-R-O-U-B-L-E . 
has received some heart breaking news this weekend . Hope everything works out for the best . 
< PROPFEMALE > 
< PROPFEMALE > is now in the stage of throwing temper tantrums . She will throw her toys , kick her toys away , and scratch me . She is only a year old and already has the Long family's temper . Save me ! 
is not understanding the whole number game that is spreading like wildfire on Facebook . To each their own , I guess . 
Okay , I will give in and try this number game . Send me your number , and I may have some good words for you , lol :) 
is upset . It snowed flurries in Albany . Did not do squat in Ellaville . I want to see snow again . 
had a awesome day with her sister and is watching < PROPFEMALE > Clause Is Coming To Town with Little Bit on my new TV thanks to Angel . Thank you so much for the TV . It works great ! 
is watching Conspiracy Theory about the gulf oil spill . Reality TV has to be taken with a grain of salt ; however , we all knew something was wrong when it was stated that the oil spill could not be stopped . For < PROPMALE>'s sake , we put a man on the < PROPFEMALE > . The spill could have been stopped . All I know is that I have family that live on the gulf whose lives could be in danger due to the government greed . That boils my blood ! 
is not suprised . So tired of being on a freaking string . 
is not feeling well today . However , the little one is feeling just fine after a week of being sick . I would rather be sick then to see my little one ill :) 
is so angry right now that I can spit nails . 
needs to learn to take things as they come and stop stressing about things that I cannot control now . Everything will work out to my advantage if I remain calm and persistent to the matter at hand . 
saw the darnest thing today on Philema Road . It was an inflateable woman's leg with a black high heel inside of a lantern . The crazy thing is that this inflateable leg was in the middle of inflateable Christmas decorations . Now , I am blonde ; however , I believe that I am not the only one that wonders what a woman's leg has to do with Christmas . Can we say WTH ? 
Okay Angel and < PROPMALE > , I am currently watching A Christmas Story . I am waiting to see if the present the father receives resembles the inflateable decoration in the my previous status :) 
is watching The Wizard Of Oz . < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > just finished singing Somewhere Over The Rainbow . Everytime I hear that song , it reminds me of Paw Paw < PROPFIRST > . He loved < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE>'s voice when she < PROPFIRST > . Makes me nostalgic for the good ole days in Greenville . 
is wanting < PROPFEMALE > the Robot from The Jetsons for Christmas to do all the household chores . Is that too much to ask ? 
is wishing that whoever has been calling me at 1:30 a.m. for the past two nights from a PRIVATE number would take the PRIVATE number and shove it where the sun does not shine . This individual obviously does not have respect for time and for my SLEEP . 
is not believing that < PROPFEMALE > has bought Palmyra . And here I thought monopolies where illegal ? I guess they are illegal in the \real world . \"" 
is watching Decoded on History Channel . I wonder why every infamous , unsolved mystery has to be a conspiracy . Come on people ! Booth shot < PROPMALE > ; Oswald shot Kennedy ; < PROPMALE > is dead ; and the Bermuda Triangle is not extraterrestrial . I think that about covers the greatest conspiracy stories . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to each and every one of you . Hope your day is filled with all the love and joy . 
enjoyed Christmas with my family . We do not have much , but we have each other , and that is what Christmas is all about . 
is hoping to find information that can make or break a situation . So tired of the deception , manipulation , and all out lies . Is it almost over ? 
OMG ! The nerve of some people ... 
Happy New Year everybody . Hoping that 2011 is better than 2010 was . Anything is better than the last year my family and I had . 
Is it odd that Dr. < PROPFIRST > Pinskey is a good looking , sexy man to me ? 
I gave < PROPFEMALE > some Fruit Loops and marshmellows for a snack . She is eating the marshmellows and giving the Fruit Loops to Jas , the dog . Jas does not want the freaking Fruit Loops . She wants the marshmellows . They are too cute together . 
\Get in the bowl . \ " \ " You get in the bowl . \ " Love that commerical . " 
is worried about some special people in Albany that has no means of being contacted at this time , and electricity is out where they live . Hope they are okay . 
\I got some ice cream . Got some ice cream . And you don't . Cause you are on the welfare . \ " Love < PROPFIRST > Murphy's Delirious " 
HMMM .... Chupacabra . Myth , true , or proof that LSD is really a hallucinogen ? 
has not slept in two nights . The little one has been waking up and staying awake all night . Do not know what is going on with her . 
agrees with everybody else : the new horoscopes are stupid . For those of you that truly know me , do I seem to have Gemini traits ? Don't think so . I am family oriented and moody . Cancer , I am . 
is learning rather quickly that having a calm and rational manner will always win out . 
is finding it difficult to take care of a sick Little Bit when I am sick and have larnygitis . I do not like being sick :( 
Okay . Jennelle from Teen Mom 2 needs to be taken behind the shed and beaten . And I would love to have the first swing . Can we say \spoiled brat ? \ " The sad thing is that there are MANY moms out there that act the same way . " 
is hoping the best for my little one .... 
Okay , I may be showing my blonde traits , but was < PROPFIRST > Hood a true mortal or a myth ? And if he was a mortal , was he the hero as he is protrayed ? 
Okay . Another question for you all . < PROPMALE > Cobain : suicide or murder ? 
is not sure what she is feeling right now , but whatever it is , I do not like it . 
is dealing with a tired , sick little one that wants to throw temper tantrums at EVERYTHING . Oh boy . Do not think I can handle the Terrible Twos if they are any worse . 
is loving me some 7-Up Jelly Belly jelly beans . Taste just like 7-Up but without the carbonation . So , that means that it taste like lemon-lime . UGH ... why don't they just say Lemon-Lime Jelly Belly ? 
is in one of her \don't screw with me\ " moods . " 
is having difficulties getting < PROPFEMALE > to bed . Simple tasks with her were easy , but it becoming more and more difficult . 
has been having many < PROPFEMALE > Vu experiences within the past few days . Wonder if that is a good sign or bad . 
Just saw on The Doctors , the television program , that you can purchase a phone app to control your vibrator . WTF ? What else are they going to come up with ? 
\I'm not your Daddy . I'm your Grandpa . \ " That commerical cracks me up . " 
My day : mopping the floor four times , giving < PROPFEMALE > a bath three times , washing blankets two times , and giving the dog a bath one time . All of that washing is due to the little one vomiting . Cannot wait to see what tomorrow has to bring . 
Well , Little Bit is feeling a lot better , but the Mommy is sick as a dog now . Is there any end in sight ? With this freaky weather , I am surprised that I did not get sick sooner :( 
is loving the sound of the rain hitting on the roof of my porch . However , the loud thunder has woken up a sweet , little girl and scared a pit bull . I now have < PROPFEMALE > cuddled up beside me on the couch with a 50 lbs pit lying on my chest . So funny that a pit is afraid of thunder . Joys of having \kids . \"" 
is really missing the old days of my childhood . Only problem I had then was when my aunt lined my cousins and me up for punishment for playing in the paint . We tortured the mess out of my aunt . Wish I could go back . 
is watching Ghost with my little one . She is so mesmorized by Whoopi Goldberg . 
is wondering when life became so complicated . Wish I could run and hide until things calm down . 
Ah ..... home sweet home . Good to be back with my family :) 
has a suspicion that things are not going well anymore . I feel it is only a matter of time before it comes down . HMM .... 
Finally has the mischevious toddler asleep . She has been an ill pill all day . Lack of sleep will do that to a toddler . 
The little one did not fall to sleep until 4 this morning . Thought many times she was asleep , but I was fooled . She has been so clingy to me . 
is wondering what in the world is going on with my little one . She is super clingy to me . If I put her down after holding her , she cries . If I am out of her line of sight , she cries . Is this a stage or could there be something more going on ? 
is in desperate need of blowing off some steam . Maybe I need to invest in some martial arts lessons or just kick the mess out of somebody's butt . 
is fed up with it . Going tomorrow to file a complaint with DFACS . Will NEVER hurt my child again ! 
is enjoying the last part of < PROPFIRST>'s Day with my special girl outside in the yard . Today was so awful for her and me having to deal with DFACS and the court that she and I need this little piece of heaven . 
Does anybody remember < PROPFEMALE>'s Bakery in the Albany Mall at the front entrance ? OMG , they had the best eclaires . Remember those cupcakes that had like a foot of icing staked on top of the cupcake with a plastic clowns head as decoration . YUM . The clowns freaked me out a lot , but it never stopped me from getting sick from eating all that icing . 
Okay everybody . The new issue of Cosmopolitan has an article regarding fun ways to go naked . One suggestion states to take a naked yoga class with your friends . Okay , I am a south GA girl , and um .... I don't think so . To OPEN for me if everybody knows what I mean . 
Not a good week : filed a child neglect report , filed a lawsuit , < PROPFEMALE > is sick , and Lowes delivered the wrong stove causing me to show my wonderful Long side . Things have to get better now because they sure cannot get any worse . 
is sick and is taking care of a sick baby . I feel more sorry for her . Do not like to see her sick :( 
Everything happens for a reason .... 
One must give love to get love . 
I am loving this weather . Not too hot and not too cold . 
must keep a positive attitude . God makes each and every child special and unique . And he never gives you more than you can handle . 
So yucky outside today . But it is Friday . Have a great rainy Friday . 
When you prepare spaghetti sauce at 12:30 in the morning , you know that you do not have a life . 
is testing a certain individual , and I bet that person is going to flunk . Oh well ! More ammunition for me to use against them . 
The past is history . The future is a mystery . Now is a gift . That is why it is called the PRESENT . 
Is it still winter ? Gosh , it feels like May instead of February . Trying to resist the urge to turn the AC on at this point . 
needs to be searching for a new car , but really does not know what she wants . 
WTF ??? Paid $169.00 for a ticket in Albany . The ticket was for window tint being too dark . Yeah , not cool . 
got her a new car today , an 05 Trail Blazer . It is pretty . Better than my Focus that had to be started by lifting the hood and hitting a button . Now , all I have to do is put the key into the ignition and crank . I am moving up in the world . 
has a big day tomorrow . We should know more about the little one's issues . < PROPFEMALE > Jones , I may be calling you and crying . 
is in a \Don't mess with me\ " mood . My strong-will and independent state is really starting to shine through . " 
is seriously thinking that < PROPFIRST > Sheen has escaped from the circus . What is his deal ? Hard to believe he was \normal\ " once upon a time . " 
is so behind time . Learned of the Japanese earthquake at 6:00 p.m. when my sister told me . I surely did not hear it on the radio in the car while I was out and about . Seems like a natural diseaster is occuring on a monthly basis . Wonder what will happen next month ? 
is very proud of herself . I battled Wal-Mart and the mall today . Never again on the same day . 
Some people are just not willing to realize that when you loose , you loose . No need to hire attorneys to fight your loosing case . Proof is present , and that proof will be shown . Nothing you can do to stop the proof from being known . 
does not like what I have to do to my little one every weekend . She hates me for a day and half when she returns . 
will be having BBQ ribs , potato salad , peas , and biscuits for dinner tonight . Happy Sunday everybody :) 
had a great dinner , gave the little one her bath , and now waiting for Celebrity Apprentice . < PROPFIRST > is the Project Manager tonight . That should be interesting . 
Well , < PROPFIRST > won his project on Celebrity Apprentice , but he has angered some of the teammates . Gosh , I need a life if the highlight of my day is watching Celebrity Apprentice to see what stupid things < PROPFIRST > Busey performs . 
Is wondering if I should be concerned with the fact that my 16 month toddler really likes < PROPFEMALE > Manson's music ? HMMM .. 
is wanting to get into some trouble . Who is with me ? 
wishes this day would hurry up and end . Tomorrow will be a better day . 
has broken her child's finger . GREAT !!! 
really should go to sleep , but is really worried about her little one's finger . She is sleeping right now , and the swelling is going down . Good sign . 
is not sure about a lot of things right now . 
The stupid idiot violated the court order . Oh well ! Contempt of Court charges will be filed . 
