Boooooooooo 

is finally getting into this whole Facebook thing . I guess . About as much as I was into myspace . 
Just found what may be the best occupation EVER . I want this job ... I crave this job . 
is in a funk . Not bueno . 
Jeeze , what a stroke of horrible luck . Too much stress , too sick ... blah , blah , blah . At least the pie was good . 
Why can't zombie stories ever work out like < PROPFEMALE > Zombies ? Everyone in the universe DIES . That's what zombies do , they kill everything . God coming down to stop them ? Nope , he geats eaten too and now you've got demi-god zombies . But what ends up happening ? Damn zombies get a conscience and stop their warpath . I just want zombies who lay waste to everything . 
I miss my Kiki ! Waaaah ! 
I'm surrounded by idiots , what do I do ?! 
Just submitted my first story to a magazine . Hope it goes well . 
Woo , a day without sleep ! RUMSPRINGA !! WOOOOOO !! 
Whether a man lives or dies in vain can be measured only by the way he faces his own problems , by the success or failure of the inner conflict within his own soul . 
is a manly man for comforting his woman in her time of need ! 
Boku wa keizan desu . 
I eat the Uncertainty Principle for breakfast . I was born the original Loose Cannon . And I am ONE feather-pluckin ' walrus ! KOO KOO KA-FREAKIN ' CHOO ! 
Why are social networking sites so hard to keep up with ? I gotta finish Ultimate Alliance 2 , but its suckery is keeping e from my goal . Boo on downgrading the last-gen version ! Where are my costumes ? Where is the voice acting ? Why is Deadpool full of fail ? I'm convinced it ain't Deadpool , it's some lame version ... like Dead man < PROPMALE > from Age of Apocalypse , god he sucked . 
It's business time ! When I'm down to my socks you know it's business time , that's why they're called business socks , baby ! 
I was trying to find something quirky and myserious about my feelings . Then I realized what a crock of shit that it is . < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Poe , < PROPMALE > Gable , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and all those guys can eat their artsy , creative meanderings with a heaping pile of anal evacuation . I'm gonna say what they couldn't . My life is shit . People make my life shit . Everyone sucks and you're all going to die one day . 
Is this the real life ? Or is this just fantasy ? 
Eff Facebook's limit , bottom line is : I'm tempted to bash my head open because this thing is drivin ' me crazy . 
Things Shinichi does not like ( A brief rant ): People covering my favorite bands , AKA Keane , HIM , Lacuna Coil , Breaking < PROPMALE > , Evanescence and In Flames ( And oh man In Flames , you did two bands of mine , you twats ) trying to sing < PROPFEMALE > , Depeche Mode and Nirvana and CHOKING on it like a hardcore cock-gagging porno . 
I'm not hearin ' the same old music in the air . Everything's a different tune now . 
Well , for better or for worse , Colorado here I come . 
I gave her the D . Uh ! 
Eff yeah , second day of working out . Stretching , too , getting back my flexibility . 
I'm prayin ' for tidal waves . I wanna see the ground give way . I wanna watch it all go down . 
Dropped my damn phone , now the damn thing is acting all schizo . 
< PROPFIRST > Rollins is my hero !! 
Dropped my freakin ' phone and now it's busted and it looks like I just have to shell out money for a new one . There will be shouting and stomping in the angry dome ! 
Who wants in on my new top secret Operation ? It shall be called Operation < PROPMALE > Bateman . 
I just want to say that I have nothing to say . 
Zombieland <3 An American Werewolf in London <3 Silent Hill <3 
Misses his person 
I might die of laughter , I just saw Drag Me To Hell . 
Venti is NOT large . Venti means 20 , Tall is technically a large and GRANDE is Spanish for large . Congratulations , you're now stupid in three different languages . 
And he doesn't afraid of anything . 
It just keeps gettin ' worse and worse , don't it ? LIke a snowball of doom . 
I've given you sunlight ! I've given you rain ! Looks like you're not happy unless I open a vein ! 
Momentarily out of action , temporarily outta gas . 
< PROPFIRST > Clooney was best before he hit big ( I.E. Clooney in From Dusk ' Til < PROPFEMALE > ) 
Tired of gettin ' fucked , fucked over , fucked up , bitched out , bitched at , bitched about and shit on . Someone is gonna get their ass pulverized in a minute . 
But now you can kiss my ass goodbye , feel good are you satisfied ? Do you feel like suicide ? Is your conscience all right , does it plague you at night ? Do you feel good , feel good ? Oh < PROPFEMALE > , you resonate . Resonate deeply . 
I have ataraxia . 
It's mah birthday and I'll cry if I want to ! 
Here's a summary of events : I've had a migraine for a week and counting , Cujo is a messed up book , The Cell is awesome , Dragonball < PROPFEMALE > kicks butt , I'm watching the entire Batman series from TAS to Beyond , I've started on Needful Things and I'm lonely ! 
Wedding Singer about sums it up . 
You shouldn't shoot me , < PROPFIRST > . My grandmother shot me once . Once . 
Bartender is such a classy anime . Makes ya ' feel all dapper . 
Dear friend ! Goodbye . No tears , in my eyes ! So sad . It ends . As it began . 
Ninja Assassin was awesome . Love seeing Sho Kosugi work his magic and of course Korean Pop Sensation Rain is always a treat . 
I'm not evil , I'm just good lookin ' . 
I have a jar with spiders . I just had a Jumping Spider until today when I added in a Yellow Sack Spider . Now I just have a Jumping Spider again . Because he ate the Yellow Sack's face . 
Tell my tale to those who ask ... tell it truthfully , the evil deeds along with the good , and let me be judged accordingly . The rest ... is silence ... 
Got a guitar for my birthday . Now I'm finally learnin ' to play . 
Finally deciding to go through with this crazy college business . Hopefully by next year I will be out of Idaho ! Wish me luck ! 
Every girl has a sleep button . I speak the truth . 
The Gods of music frown upon me today . 
I take it back . God just frowned on me in general today . 
Just saw a fight better the Wrestling and UFC combined . 
I met the local chief meteorologist for the news today , then I'm gonna go bowling and when I get back , I'm gonna settle back down and start up on a book . Shaping up to be a good day . 
I'm a fraid I can't let you do that , < PROPFEMALE > Fox ! 
I watched the new Arkham Asylum 2 trailer three times . Then I came . 
Is this a religion disguised as a joke ? Or is this a joke disguised as a religion in sensible shoes ? 
I love Orgy . 
I have made my deadline . Tremble in fear to all you naysayers for I have written the first chapter to my book . Faster Than The Speed of Love . 
An inversion has fallen over my neighborhood and it's the third day we've had with non-stop fog . It almost makes me think this poor little town is worth staying at , but I know I gotta leave and roll out with the mist . 
Insomnia , you bitch . 
I finally won at Scrabble . Over 180 points in the end . The english language was my whore tonight . 
Years ago when I was younger , I kinda like a girl I knew . She was mine and we were sweethearts . That was then , but then it's true . 
I don't understand all this bullshit love for most love songs . Does anyone listen to the lyrics or do they just hear the soft voice and the words \I love her\ " sprikled throughout ? Most of it's depressing as hell with abusive chicks who step on ya ' balls ! " 
A pondersome thing , is it worse to have the person you love die and live with the memory of them ? Or to have the person you love just walk out on you and you get to live alongside that person's life as they share it with someone else ? One's a shock value that hurts immensely at first and then wanes and the other's a constant reminder that you have to hurtle every time you see that person . 
Shitty end to a shitty day . Oh < PROPFEMALE > , if only I shared your optimism of tomorrows . 
What's all this I hear about snow in Colorado ?! It's a slap in the face that makes me go , \Wait ... I want to go back there WHY ?! \"" 
Learning to play < PROPMALE > Petty's Learning To Fly . Wish me luck ' cause god knows I ain't got the skill . 
I suspiciously had a good night's rest and a good dream to go with it . What's goin ' on here ? 
See , they don't give a fuck about you , like I do . 
Ah , a nice hot cup of green tea and a big bowl of udon with a day of novel writing ahead . It's a good afternoon . 
Just got a haircut . Boo yah . 
I feel like a hermit of hermits . Never leaving my room and staying up all hours of the night with only my computer screen lighting my keyboard so I can type away . Next thing I know , I'll grow a hump and a scraggly beard . 
Jeeze Peep Show is hilarious . 
What ? So now just because we're working I can't smoke my crack ? 
I have sat through all five seasons of Peep Show . I feel strangely British and hate < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > ... 
I just gave a talk for the first time in over a year tonight . I think I've earned this beer . 
I've decided that I am going to learn to play Country and start MY OWN famous Country band ! And we're going to call ourselves the Rinky Chinks and our country won't be about American country ! Oh no ! It's going to be about the rice patties of Japan ! 
I laughed at domestic abuse . And I'm not sorry . 
I just watched IT and it makes me wish I had some supernatural wicked beast in my childhood that haunted me for the rest of my life . Man , I never have the good stuff happen to me . No kaiju attacks , no serial killers , no Elder Gods , no nothin ' . 
Man , I freakin ' miss The X-Files . < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > Duchovny , come back you guys ! 
It has come to my attention that I should make a Deadpool mask so that I don't just have a picture of him . I must do this soon . 
Apparently I'm a cowboy now . And now I must dance to Wild West . 
I have seen Something , Something , Something Dark Side . Now < PROPMALE > can get off my back . 
Annoying people are annoying . * Insert mildly irritated face here * 
I never thought the sentence \She does this thing with a horse that you just have to see to understand ... \ " would come from my mouth . Then I saw Bayonetta . " 
[ Insert totally useless , douchebaggy information so everyone on my friendlist can see that I'm busy doing something I may or may not enjoy and want to insight conversation because things like \Hi\ " or \ " How's it goin ? \ " have become totally obsolete ] " 
I wish Cheaters could have been how I broke up ... I would have been able to meet < PROPFIRST > Greco . I just wanted to be on Cheaters , man ! 
Colorado , here I come . 
I AM THE LORD OF THE HARVEST ! BRING IT DOWN ! BRING IT DOWN ! I JUST STOLE THE SOULS OF PIKACHU USING THE < PROPFE < PROPFEMALE > LE > < PROPFEMALE > TECHNIQUE FROM < PROPFEMALE > OF DOOM AND I AM FILLED WITH RIGHTEOUSNESS ! 
I got a thing about girls that say \aboot \"." 
What else could I say ? Everyone is gay . 
Ex-Treme Dating is brutal . You have your exes trying to drive your date to leave you after meeting ? I mean c'mon! Harsh . 
So much for < PROPFEMALE > Wars day , my freakin ' Empire Strikes Back tape is warped or something . At least I have all of < PROPMALE > vs . Spenny . 
You do not understand the power of the Yarb Yarb ! Fear the Yarb Yarb's hunger ! For he only eats used tampons ! 
PacMan comin ' through , straight huntin ' for fruit , eatin ' pills like a WAKAWAKA comin ' for you ! 
Late last night and the night before , Tommyknockers , Tommyknockers knocking at the door . I want to go out , don't know if I can , ' cause I'm so afraid of the Tommyknocker man . 
Today I have beaten Sonic the Hedgehog 2 . I am putting this game on my list of games I will never touch again . Along with Ninja Gaiden . No one should ever have to say the words I did . 
Dr. Farthing finally got his gambling addiction , but the bookies beat him to death anyway . So he's dead ... that's it ! 
I am going to have my name officially changed to Buddha McZen . 
Hey kids ! If you're gonna do crack , do the one on your girlfriend's back ! 
Turtles Forever is the freakin ' best Turtles movie ever . 
Nunchaku fuck ! 
I just shaved and I will tell you this : It looks like a trident . 
I have only two words : Watchmen sequel . 
I look just like him . 
I have seen Repo ! The Genetic Opera . I now wish to be a Repo Man . And bone < PROPFEMALE > Brightman with her huge robotic eyes . 
I'm reliving my Angry Beaver days . God I love this show . 
Buying my ticket today or tomorrow . March 15th , Colorado is getting its number one Asian back ! 3:15 PM will be the end of the world ! 
Sleep is betraying me again ! 
My beer looked about as lonely as I did , sitting all alone in the fridge . Now we're beeeeeest friends . 
Finally goin ' to bed . But not to sleep , oh no . Time now to sit and play Final Fantasy IV until the sun comes up . Not only do I need to level up , but I also need 100,000 < PROPMALE > and I've only got 34,000 . FML . 
I like to come up with time travel plots not for adventure , but for monetary gain . Sorta like Biff , but I'd much rather take the Dreamcast back to Sega when it first came out and sell them their own idea and ensure Sega's dominance in the gaming industry . Then when aliens finally come to earth , I take their technology back to Sega in the beginning yet again and make them like Sony and Microsoft . Who's with me ? 
Oh shit , I sat on my balls ! 
Snake ? I thought you would be a little taller ... 
Finally some progress on Final Fantasy IV ! And all that money grubbing put me about 10 levels ahead of the game's curve . 
I will get her in a Zero Suit Samus outfit if it's the last thing I do . 
Cheaters marathon on < PROPFIRST>'s Day ?! Yes , sir and may I please have some more ? I feel bad for the losers some of these guys are with , glad I'm not in a relationshit anymore . 
Sentimental moment approaching , initiating preemptive wedgie . Doink ! 
Sometimes , just sometimes I get tired of hearing myself talk . And I wanna slug me in the face , too . I just drone on and on , sometimes I just don't know when to shut up ! And that's why I have to kill you ... so I can pay my freaking phone < PROPMALE > ! 
I just heard the Wonderland song they play for the new < PROPFEMALE > movie . I think the singer shattered the Looking Glass . Painful . 
I'm fairly , almost certain for sure that every phase of my life is leading me in the direction of opening a mercenary business . I'm going to get business cards just to be safe . 
She is the most badass girl I know . Officially . 
You know you're loved when you get a box of cookies in the mail with a sweet letter . 
Old school Red Hot Chili Peppers makes me want to dirty things . 
What's in the box ? Jesus Christ , what's in the box ?! 
You know auto tune has become a plague when even Batman uses it . 
I hate how I can't tell when a girl is underage , I tell ' em ' You know you're a nice piece of ass ' and their daddy punches me in the face . 
Lying to yourself again , suicidal imbecile , think about and put it on the faultline . What will it take to get through to you , precious ? 
BWWAAAAAAAHHHH ! NO PICKLES ?! 
Tonight . You . 
Epic Beard Man , wherever you are , you are a hero . 
It's terrifying when the McDuffee brothers are on at the same time . 
February 26th sucks . It's two hours into the day and it already sucks . Balls , balls , balls , balls . Fuck . 
My day was just made perfect by some sweet words and a song . 
And with the passing of the 25th and 26th , I am at peace with everything . 
I just wanted to see some free titties ... but there just ain't no such thing as free titties , is there ? 
Three more weeks , Colorado . I may never leave you again , my sweet . 
Ah , son ! I got paid , son ! I'm riiiiiich , biatch ! 
Hell yeah , they got some cheap apartments . This trip is looking more and more permanent . 
Man , < PROPMALE > and Carloz , you guys are Darth Vader posers . You're both lucky I don't Force Choke the two of you . 
My back hurts as bad as zombie Nazi pirates raping my daughter while they point and make fun of me using a bad Japanese accent . I take that back , it hurts worse than that . It hurts like my daughter just found out she was pregnant and told me she was keeping the baby . My daughter is keeping her zombie Nazi pirate baby , that's how bad my back hurts . 
I hate dumbing myself down for retards . 
Sometimes I really wish I could write for the Deadpool comics ... 
God , that Wonderland movie is so horrible looking ... freaking < PROPFIRST > Depp . 
Last night my computer died in the middle of a project I was doing . I wasn't half as mad as I thought I would be and it made me realize that it's probably because it wasn't that important to begin with . Not as important as some unfinished business I have . Writer's block , I banish you ! 
My spider jar is a graveyard of exoskeletons and crushed dreams of escape and survival . Until next spider season ... until next spider season . 
It's boring , but Eurotrip's whole plot could have been avoided if < PROPMALE > had just made a new email address and emailed < PROPFEMALE > . Kids these days . 
I used to have a sister in this world , the only one out of all those closest to me . Now I just see a stranger parading around in her skin ; tricking me , manipulating me . That's not my sister . Not anymore . 
You guys don't hate 10,000 Orcs in your way to Mt . Doom NEARLY as much as I do . Trust me on this one . 
Less than a hundred hours until I'm in Colorado . 
And now I , the wonderful < PROPFIRST > , presents : Things I wish I could become a fan of , but can't because the < PROPFEMALE > doesn't exist : Moshing while brushing my teeth . 
Today is bullshit . Forecast is predicting more bullshit . Don't expect any sunshine ' cause it's covered by all the bullshit . 
Even everclear doesn't tank me . I wish it didn't take me going solo on hard liquor to get drunk . 
Apparently being smart doesn't really work out for a lot of people , huh ? Dumbasses . 
GIMME THAT CHRISTIAN SIDE HUG ! 
I love it when a plan comes together . 
It's time for another things I wish I could become a fan of , but can't because the < PROPFEMALE > doesn't exist , with your wonderful host , me , Cody : Waking up under the covers and guessing what direction I'm facing . 
You guys are fucking boring . I'm gonna go find some new friends . 
For some reason , I just really wish I had stayed buzzed the rest of the day . Being sober is balls . 
Today is a day for Seven Samurai . I'm gonna rock out with my koku out . 
Watch in stark horror as you travel across planes and dimensions to behold the new threat of our < PROPFEMALE > ! < PROPFEMALE > at the sheer insanity as one of our greatest musical artists is replaced by another ! Terrify your minds with the uprising of ... FRANK SINISTRA ! The evil clone dopple ganger from another dimension of < PROPFIRST > Sinatra ! He's coming for you STARFEST ! 
< PROPFIRST > now presents \Things I Wish I Could Become a Fan of but Can't because the < PROPFEMALE > Doesn't Exist\ " : Hating When People Bring Personal Drama to the Internets for All to See . " 
For once there actually was a < PROPFEMALE > I could become a fan of . Or like at least . Oh ladies , you have no idea . 
God damn , I need to get laid . Hanging out with girls is just about the worst punishment a man can put himself through . 
I was made for lovin ' you , baby , you were made for lovin ' me ! 
Phones are so dumb , splash a little water on them and they freak out and die . 
Feed me , < PROPMALE > , feed me now . 
I got in touch with my roots last night and performed one of my country's famed past times : Karaoke . I rocked the shit out of < PROPFIRST>'s Mom and Freddie'd it up with Crazy Little Thing Called Love . I made girls dance , bitches . I made them dance . 
Oh god , stop ! Just stop getting closer to saturday ! Someone get me a freeze < PROPFIRST > ! 
I've said it once and I'll say it again , you guys are fucking boring . Except < PROPMALE > . He was in a car accident . That's exciting news . Rest of ya ' just suck man balls . 
This man knows how to dance the dance of lust . 
Today is a day for silence . Let my actions speak loud and clear . 
I've seen ... blue skies ! Through the tears in my eyes ... and I realize , I'm going home . 
Today's the day . The operations I was running during this little vacation were Operations Spider on the Wall and Free Love . Spider on the Wall worked brilliantly , however my ability to pull Free Love out of my hat crashed and burned . Failure is a bittersweet pill when success runs the risk of death . 
Everything considered , today was pretty decent . Found out I'm loved . 
If you've suffered enough I can understand what you're thinking of , I can see the pain that you're frightened of . And I'm only here to bring you free love . 
I need a new obsession . 
Well , I'm all enrolled . It's an all or nothing gamble and I'm an all or nothing kind of guy . 
Hi , I'm Dorkus McDingle Douche . 
And now < PROPFIRST > presents \Things I Wish I could become a Fan of but can't because it doesn't Exist ! \ " : Hating when friends lose all their mystery and you can predict their actions and words . Way to be douches . " 
I Don't Wanna Miss a Thing and Come Down can blend seamlessly together ... it's almost terrifying . 
You know what gets me hot and bothered ? What really gets my engine revved up and ready to go ? What makes me crave some decadent sin ? Do you want to know ? Me . That's right . Me . In new work out clothes . If there ever was a man so effable ... 
You know what I just did ? I bought two CDs . Two . I don't even remember the last CD I actually bought . I love the music that much that I threw money at the artist . 
Hellfag ? Only if you count that one blowjob I got from your mom after her sex change , which , by the way , ended my stupid fat girl fetish . 
And now < PROPFIRST > presents another chapter of \Things I Wish I could Become A Fan of but can't because the < PROPFEMALE > doesn't Exist\ " : That fiery rage you get when a girl's abused by her father/boyfriend/husband . " 
Like the dog returns to its vomit , so does the fool to his folly . 
Among my regrets while in Colorado , was that I never showed anyone The Sure Thing . 
Dear god ... when did girls get boring ? Am I losing it ? 
Blindsided . Completely . 
What a fucking horrible night . Glad it's over , god damnit . 
I think I tore a tit muscle ... 
What do you mean you cannot understand me ? I am French , I speak the language of love ! Why , if you cannot understand me , then you do not understand love ! 
You want an explanation ? I got one for you , it's like my right hand on a saturday night , \It beats the hell out of me ! \"" 
The internet is like that bully who holds you down and talks about how he did your mom . Only instead of me , it's my childhood . And instead of my mom , it's < PROPFIRST > Bravo . Or Rugrats . Or TMNT . I'm going to go cry now . 
I think I will get a picture of one of you guys ' face on my butt . To show that we are great friends . Maybe I'll pick at random or hold some twisted contest where you all fight to have a spot on my ass ... but either way , someone's face is goin ' on there . 
And so I have completed the first unit of my training . Cower , little fools ! 
Ha . Lesbians . 
I have opened up my own business and so the game begins . All I need now are my work clothes and clients . 
I just now realized that I have some of the weirdest dreams when I take Tylenol PM . 
I don't have time to pay attention to any of you , I'm far too busy bein ' ... delicious . 
< PROPFEMALE > dressed you this morning , my friend ! And now fear is trying to tug your pants off and if you let it , then you'll be standing there cold and naked with fear laughing at your dangling unmentionables ! 
I would just like to remind everyone that about this time last year I was given an email asking me to participate in an audition to be featured as a Foot Ninja in the next Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles movie . I still cry about that dream never being realized ... 
There , I have liked God on Facebook . I want my bigger < PROPMALE > and Guinness now , please . 
I now have the entire Oingo Boingo discography . If < PROPMALE > Elfman's band did it , I have it . I can die happy . 
And now < PROPFIRST > presents another installment of \Things I Wish I could Become A Fan of but can't because the < PROPFEMALE > doesn't Exist\ " : Real Martial Arts . FFS . " 
Pineapples ! 
So does not want to move to Pueblo ... 
What a horrible night to have a curse . 
Let it be known that today was truly the day Rule 34 ruined my life and destroyed my entire perception of sex , sanctity of childhood and future mental health regarding both . June 21st was a dark , dark day . 
Today is definitely one of those days . 
And now tonight is definitely one of those nights . 
I am determined to get an animal and name it Science ! And I will say it with a great rising voice ! As if I were saying \Welcome ! To the world of tomorroooooow ! \"" 
Oh , you know what you did . You fuckin ' know what you did . 
It was so beautiful . 
Man , all this constant exposure to radiation is making me thirsty ... 
I wish I had a Cait Sith ... 
Ah , I love when a plan comes together . 
Man , some days I really wish the zombie apocalypse would happen and all the people I don't like get eaten . 
I don't have natural talent , there's nothing I've ever been good at the first time I did it . All these people getting celled prodigies and genius for putting no effort into things , keh ! I'm a genius , too ! I'm a genius of hard work ! 
She's a lady , whoa , whoa-whoa , she's a lady ! Talkin ' ' bout that little lady ! And the lady is mine ! 
Today I'm feeling rather pensive and nostalgic . For once I can't be assed to be an ass . 
I am beating down sections and units and quizzes in my school left and right . I will be certified in no time ! 
I hate tacos . I really , really hate tacos . 
Through sheer willpower , a bad night became awesome . Fear my mental abilities to turn the tide of whatever mood befalls my mortal frame ! 
I find it hilarious that I'm studying fitness while eating a poor man's cinnabon . 
One thing I have always enjoyed about Fourth of July is looking down the street at sunset and seeing explosions go off , smoke illuminating under street lights and people running up and down the block as yards set ablaze with explosions going off in the sky . It's a very soothing Apocalyptic atmosphere . 
Today ? One of the best days I've ever had . 
I should create a workout based on Training Like the Saiyans are Coming . 
Bang ! Dead kid ! Mama's cryin ' while she takes your drawings off the fridge ! 
Normally I scoff and then brutally insult people when they say I'm not manly enough , especially when the people they tell me I should be more like are hardly any more manly than myself , often times even less so because they assume to know everything about me , but after today I have found that I can indeed be more manly and have begun taking lessons from < PROPMALE > Mustafa himself . My top hat off to you , sir . 
After a very heated shouting match/argument that took place entirely in my head , I feel much better about things ! 
Nostalgia , it's not always a good thing . 
It's the internet ! I can say bitch ! 
I want to destroy something beautiful . 
Today is the beginning of Russian Bear 5000's overtake of my soul . I'f I'm not ripping phone booths out of the ground and able to < PROPMALE > them for blocks then I want my money back , Russia . 
Why don't you have anything to drink ? Choose one to making you better feeling ! Oh you Japan , you're so intentionally innocent . 
What's up for today ? Evil Dead , Evil Dead 2 , Army of Darkness , Drag Me to Hell , My Name is < PROPMALE > and Zombieland . Today is a day for Deadites . 
This is uncomfortable and semi-sexual . 
Mmm , what's that delicious smell ? It smells like bullshit . 
Who's a good , clean boy ? I am , oh yes , I am . 
There is a new kitten in this house and I had three names I was deciding on . Project Manhattan ( Seems so appropriate since my family is Japanese ) , Something Racist ( Because it's a black cat ) and A Cat Named SCIENCE ! ( What isn't cool about that ? ) Guess which I picked . 
This is a quest for knowledge ! And ... semi-sexual deeds ! 
It took me over a week , but I finished the longest part of my course . Sleep time will be yummy time . 
All right , who wants to touch my mighty clogmonger ? 
I realize I have not said many witty things as of late . I will now substitute my humor for humor from urbandictionary . Prepare yourselves for the most insensitive and offensive definitions to ever grace your presence . 
I love all my friends . Especially that sexy one I talk to every morning . But I don't love you . You know who you are . Bastard . 
I hear they've started calling me sexy now . 
I have the biggest urge to watch all of The X-Files again ... how I miss you < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > . 
Well , I've got this real moron thing I do , it's called thinking . 
I'm waitin ' for my invitation to arrive , I'm goin ' to a party where no one's still alive . 
The ladies come for the entertainment , but they stay for < PROPFIRST>'s clogmonger . 
Nokia : A company with a wide range of phones . Some you can drop in the toilet twenty times and get a decades use out of them , while others break the moment you push the on button . \ 
\ 
\My phone fell into the latter category . I sweated on my phone and it broke . It slipped out of my hand and onto my desk and it broke . I licked the battery and it got fried ... wait what ? \"" 
I'm famous for being famous . 
He's a swindler and a chizzler , he's a liar , a crier , a grump , a frump , a user a boozer and ... I hate him . 
\Oh Batman ! I have like ... 100 lady boners for you ! \"" 
Jeeze , you guys have been real boring lately . 
Ah , the < PROPFEMALE > of travel . Tomorrow is the big trip . 
I live ! Again ! 
Bad Medicine has been stuck in my head all day ... thanks . You know who you are . 
I see how it is , it's going to be one of THOSE days today , huh ? Well played , < PROPFEMALE > , well played . 
What a personals ad from me looks like : \Single Asian guy seeks single girl for preparation for impending Zombie apocalypse . Must have emotional detachment to bite victims 
* Whistles * That was a bachelor weekend if I ever had one . And I've had quite a few . Good times , just wish it was , you know ... on the weekend . 
I need another dream that had the perfect soundtrack . That mashup of Don't Wanna Miss A Thing and Come Down was an awesome dream , but there's gotta be another one floating in my head . 
I am on a computer without a certain key that begins words < PROPMALE > and ove . The perfect time to substitute them with r's . Unfortunatery my passwords have r's in them ... 
I can't be in a rerationship with myserf ... but I rove myserf so much ... 
I know what you're thinking , but it's not what you think it is . I'm running on a treadmill after you , I'm running on a treadmill now ! 
Forget your singalongs and your lullabies , surrender to the city of the fireflies , dance with the devil in beat with the band to hell with all of you hand-in-hand ! But now it's time to be gone forever ! 
< PROPFEMALE > , the < PROPFEMALE > tale's over , you should know , you got the scars to prove it . And your skin isn't as soft as it used to , but I don't care , come on you said it , baby . 
I see the bad and I see the good , this is no mere dichotomy because both are in perfect < PROPFEMALE > , it all just depends on my mood . 
Love , gimme love , gimme love ! I don't need it , but I'll take what I want from your heart and I'll keep it in a bag , in a box , with an X on the floor . 
You bastards ! Give me back my hand ! Give me back my HAND ! 
I don't necessarily fight crime so much as I ... take care of problems that need to be solved with violence . 
This temptation , it gets-ah outrageous , it's such a sensation , a little bit contagious ! 
I don't know what I love more , creating the operation or successfully pulling it off . Oh drawing board , how I love thee . 
Ah , the < PROPFEMALE > of October is upon me . The season of Autumn is shown in , the animals retreat for winter , the landscape changes < PROPFEMALE > ryday and that bone-deep chill settles in . It's MY favorite time of the year and October is the usher . And like < PROPFEMALE > ry year , I have high hopes for me and my favorite month . Very high hopes ... 
Well I ain't evil , I'm just good lookin ' , start a little fire and baby , start cookin'! 
I hate when I start a trend and only losers follow it , abuse it and then pass it off as their own thing . Do you know how that makes ME look ? Cryin ' shame , I tell you . 
I generally like everybody I meet . Then I get to know them . I generally hate everyone I know . 
Y'know what ? I ain't gonna slap ya ' around . I'm bored slappin ' ya ' around . I'm BORED with it . 
Tonight felt like one of those scenes in an 80's movie . Yeah , that justly describes it . 
Baby , you must be crazy foolin ' with a man like me , ' cause I roll my dice with a heart of ice ! 
Right until the ends of the earth , I will get no sleep until I've found you to tell you ... 
Today ? Yeah , today was all about me kicking ass at everything . October 19th shall hereby be known as The Day of Victory . 
Oh life , you have a funny , funny way of turning a terrible night into a wonderful morning all because of one little thing . Now to some time reading before passing out . 
My new favorite hobby ? Reading Lovecraft in one hand and doing hammer curls with the other . 
In the sky with paisley llamas ! 
Things that make me happy : Coming home on time . \ 
Things that make me fail to express my disdain in human words : Manager tells me she doesn't allow shift switching . Thanks daughter of < PROPMALE > Kelso , thanks . 
You know what's a great system ? School makes me work out and working out makes me want to do school . 
Chocolate cake and egg nog , you do the soul good . 
Oh the grand irony . I do four aisles and take two and a half hours on my last one and get chewed out for being slow . Then I'm the first to leave work . You , madam , are a psychotic biddy . 
Operation Crank a success . Survived bowling , work and now morning activities . Thank you , Spike , you nasty , nasty tasting concoction . Heart rate still comparable to sexual tension , though ... may need to look into that ... woops , here comes 5-Hour Energy ! 
' Tis the night women dress like whores ! Whores will be whores and I will smite them with my jolly cane and they can rot in jolly hell ! 
I can get used to watching a Zombie apocalypse every week . Thank you , The Walking Dead . 
Forget < PROPFIRST > Evans as Captain < PROPFEMALE > , you know who I would cast ? < PROPFIRST > McDuffee . 
Son of a gum chewing , funk monster ! Why the fruit does all this funny stuff happen to me !? Forget my life ! Always surrounded by miserable failing clods . Like this whole world just likes to bend me over and find me in the Alps , like I'm some ? sort of shlock receptacle . Well as far as I care , these miserable cows can have a fancy barbecue , with a god damn pig ! 
So long October , you month of wonder and perfection . Hello November ... back in the swing of making my life suck , I see . 
The darkness must go down the river of ? night's dreaming , flow Morpheus slow , let the sun and light come streaming into my life ! 
Tried using snow to make me late to work , huh ? Well played , November , well played . It's on now , Winter ! 
It's official . My old Batman shirt is my lucky shirt . 
This is how I shall always remember you , surrounded by winter , forever young , forever beautiful . 
Encyclopedia Dramatica ruined my whole day . 
Today was a day of rock ' n ' roll jammin ' . 
Honestly , I'm mostly disappointed . It shows ZERO character . You're a < PROPMALE > . You're a < PROPMALE > . And you , madam , are a < PROPMALE > . 
Today marks the day I officially had full cause and justification of using Bender's voice and shouting \Cheese it ! \ " at work . It felt great . " 
Lame ... 
Hmm , 70's or 80's ? Which do I want to listen to today ? 
I have just bought something I have always meant to buy ... 
Quote of the day from work : What were you two doing in the freezer ? Touching weiners together ? 
Work Quote of the Day : \You got any naked pictures of your girlfriend ? \ " \ " No ... why ? \ " \ " You wanna buy some ? \"" 
Work Quote of the Day : If you're serious for the girl then you need to stop playin ' games and grab her , lay a kiss on her and tell her how you really feel - I want to penetrate you . And then you let me know ahead of time so I can get a camera and watch her slap you and take a picture . 
