I REALLY don't want to go to school tomorrow . Maybe if I ignore the impending doom , it'll just go away :) 

Finally got a facebook + twin is putting every embarrasing thing of me up here . 
Had fun in the \foreign land of DC ! \"" 
Tornado in CT ?????? What is going on with the world ?????? 
Getting sick of that new < PROPFEMALE > Montana song . SAVE ME PLEASE !!!!!!!!!!!! 
Golf can be so boring . BUT I WAS ON TV !!!! Did you see me ? 
Brownies : the BEST breakfast ever created ! 
Ok , SUMMER ROCKS !!!!!! Nothing more to say . 
In the words of my sister : Math Packets - the new child abuse 
Watching the news . Big surprise . The stimulus < PROPMALE > has done it's job ? Wasn't it only supposed to come into full effect in August ??? 
Twin is coming over . Going to cut hair and talk about stuff . AWESOME ! :) 
Straight shots of whipped cream right in your mouth is the BEST thing ever ! 
Nothing good on TV . Arg . 
Ok , so there's something rumbling outside my window that sounds sorta like a plane is heading toward my house , so if I die , nobody let < PROPFEMALE > near my funeral . ;) 
Happy July 6th !!!! For all you history buffs out there , you'll know that the 6th is when < PROPFIRST > Washington first got word of the Declaration and it finally served it's main purpose of boosting the morale of the army !!!! 
Just heard the best quote ever while watching Annie : \I wonder what democrats eat ! \ " You have to see the movie to understand why it's so funny !! " 
Happy 9th of July !!!! For all of you that don't know , the ninth was when < PROPFIRST > Washington read the Declaration to the Continental Army and they tore down the statue of < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > lll 
Coffee . Nothing more to say really . 
The black keys never looked so beautiful <3 
thinking of ways to earn about $ 2,000 without an actual job . Not lookin ' very possible * sigh * 
Why pay for entertainment ? I have a little brother that might as well be a clown ! 
finally decided to make that wish on the origami cranes . 
So , I was randomly flipping through channels thinking that there was nothing on TV , and then I found A Walk To Remember on ABC Family !!! Very happy right now :D 
Missing my twin . Maybe we should go Siamese or something :D 
I found the elusive purple cow ! And a magical tide pool ! I have lifted the curse !! Yess :D 
Hercules is on the Disney Channel . I feel sorta like a 10 year old watching it , but IT'S SO DANG GOOD ! :D 
Chocolate goes with everything . Not much more to say . 
Listening to music just makes you love life :D 
Smile ! Life's not THAT bad ! :D 
I feel smart . I drank hot chocolate that expired in 2006 and had food poisoning all last night . Yeah , very smart . 
My aunt met < PROPMALE > Bloom yesterday at < PROPFEMALE > Beach . Just felt like sharing that :) 
Watching Aladdin : Arguably the best movie ever created by Disney . 
Arg . Sickness needs to go die :( 
Chocolate makes me smile :D 
My rabbit thinks she's human . That's ok , though , cause that means she sits and watches TV with me :D 
I had to have powdered sugar in my coffee this morning , so now I miss my twin :( 
Loving the fact that my schedule for the night revolves around what's on TV :D 
i spent 5 HOURS in the ER with my brother last night cuz he sprained/broke his ankle . Yeah , that's exactly what I wanted to do until 1:30 in the morning . 
Getting ready to watch Gettysburg with the family ! Eek ! 
I've recently learned that doritos are good even if they're stale :) 
Going to Gettysburg ( EEP !! ) and then SC . I LOVE vacation !!! 
In SC . My dad is shaving his head tonight cuz his brother is loosing his hair from chemo . 
Finally home . The only way they dragged me out of Gettysburg was telling me SC had palm trees . The only way they dragged me out of SC was leaving at 5:30 AM . 
Contemplating the meaning of life ... Haha , no , i'm really watching iCarly and eating chocolate chip cookies :D 
* sigh * there's nothing good on tv :( 
My grandmother just died . So a couple extra prayers would be most appreciated 
My mental health isn't doing so great right now . I'll get back to you later . 
Let the mental rest begin :) 
Smile ! what's there to frown about ? 
RANDOM DANCE PARTYYY !!!!!!!!!!!! :D 
Contemplating what my twin and i can do tonight . I'm thinking chocolate and strange movies <3 
* sigh * so little to do , so much time 
Getting ready to stip wallpaper with some friends and then my twin's coming over ! 
The flu sucks . just getting that out there . 
So little to do , so much time 
Ugh . Hockey tonight . I'm already sick of it . 
Just having one of those days . Well , actually , one of those weeks . CFS really sucks . 
watching Beauty and the Beast . Who says only kids can love disney ? :D 
... and then exhaustion set in . :P 
Not much to say , just felt like changing this . :) 
So does getting hit with a sandwich during lunch count as a food fight ? :D 
is extremely confuzzled . 
I'm liking the idea of only muddling through tomorrow and then getting a day off . Can we do this every week ? 
Today was the mother of all Mondays . Thank God we have no school tomorrow <3 <3 
Ahhhh . Relaxation . :D 
6th anniversary of when NCIS premiered . The only day that I would wear that much black for :) 
\The Men who Stare at Goats\ " is inspired by a true story ??? I'm a little concerned about what is going on in the pentigon ! " 
Contemplating the meaning of life .... haha , actually I'm watching NCIS and eating spaghetti Os 
Sickness is not fun at all ... 
My prayers go out to all the soldiers in Iraq and Afghanistan this veteran's day <3 
I am confined to a very small part of my house because all of our carpets are wet :P 
Had some CRAZY dreams last night !!! 
MARK'S PLANE LANDS TONIGHT !!!!!!!! 
Only one week until the rest of the country FINALLY admits that it's the Christmas season :D 
I made room for the cupcake ! I miss you cupcake ! 
Family window washing day ? Whatever happened to Sunday being a day of REST ? 
Watching a commercial for Prep and Landing . This is sooo tinsel ! :D 
IT'S OFFICIALLY THE CHRISTMAS SEASON !! < PROPFEMALE > has shown up at the < PROPFEMALE>'s Day Parade !! I have to admit , I cried a little :D 
Ok , so I was listening to my favorite Christmas song and I looked outside and saw a cloud in the shape of an angel with sun beams all around it ! I LOVE CHRISTMAS !!! 
Just put the lights up on the tree !!!!!!!!!! 
Snow day please !!!!!!! I hope those little elves who cut the snowflakes are listening !!!!!! 
My heart goes out to the < PROPFEMALE > family today . The green tractor is outside the church and I think every cop in Connecticut has come out to pay their respects . <3 
I think my immune system's just given up :P 
SNOW !!!!!!! 6 DAYS TILL CHRISTMAS AND WE'RE GETTING A BLIZZARD !!!! I LOVE THIS TIME OF YEAR !!!!!!!! <3 <3 <3 
I FINALLY finished < PROPFEMALE>'s Christmas gift !!! I'm so excited !!! :D 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS EVERYONE !!!!!!! 
NCIS on USA from 9AM to 2AM tomorrow . Best Christmas present EVER !!!!!!!!!! 
Going to be spending New Year's < PROPFEMALE > with my twin ! That's how you bring in the new decade ! 
ARGG ! I hate taking history notes on stuff that I already know . 
Is it just me , or are all these commercials about depression ... well ... depressing ? 
boredom strikes again :P 
Watching an hour long video of me and < PROPFEMALE > trying to choose a song to have a montage to . I seriously think we need to be on TV :D <3 
Sickness sucks . Sickness that just won't go way no matter WHAT THE HELL YOU DO should just go die . I'd be so much happier if it did . 
Why can't the weekend be three days long ? 
* sigh * life is confusing . 
Posh is judging American Idol !! I feel like such a nineties girl right now !! :) 
I just realized what a jerk I've been lately . I'm really sorry , guys . I'll beg for forgiveness tomorrow :( 
NO MORE HOMEWORK !!! CAN'T GO ON !!!! Why can't they invent a homework bot already ????? 
OH MY GOSH !!!! I'm watching NCIS and I JUST realized that < PROPFIRST > backwards is Y Not !!! That explains so much !!!! :D 
Need to study . REALLY need to study . REALLY , REALLY need to study . So why am I still on fb ? The world will never know ... 
I just ordered pizza and was called \ma'am\ " by the lady on the phone . It made me feel very important :D " 
Extremely bored . I need to get a more interesting life . 
COME ON , BROWN !!!!!!! YOU HAVE TO WIN !!!!!!!! 
Studying my brains out . When will I ever need chem ? Seriously ? 
Live is very confuzzling at the moment ... 
Such a beautiful sunset !!! the entire field is pink !! It's just breathtaking !!! <3 
Homework for Ford and Trinkaus . It seems like such a waste of a good day off :P 
Ok , so I admit it . If you run away far enough west , you're gonna end up in the east . There's no use fighting it ; it's inevitable . 
I always admitted that I made mistakes in the past , but I really thought they were in the past . I guess I've been slowly self distructing for the past 3 years . But that's over now <3 
Great . So , the snow's stopped and we're probably gonna have rehearsal Saturday to make up for today , and I still have to do stuff around the house now . Grrr . 
TONIGHT AT 8 THE NOTEBOOK IS ON ABC FAMILY !!!! MY DAY INSTANTLY GOT 100% BETTER !!!!! 
After the insane boringness of yesterday , I had an EXTREMELY good afternoon !!! Thanks for the entertainment , guys !! :D <3 
Watching < PROPMALE > Dunham and remembering my 16th birthday <3 
Ummm ..... total surrealness . But in a good way :) 
You'd think after a day like today , I wouldn't be this happy :) 
My entire house smells like windex . Why do we always have Superbowl Sunday here ? 
Starting to feel like crap . I knew my good luck would run out eventually . 
I LOVE watching the Olympics !!! I feel like such a dork for knowing who all these people are , but I love it <3 
I just realized that tomorrow is Ash Wednesday . Where did all the time go ??? If anyone has an answer for this , I would be very glad to hear it . 
I finally figured out what I'm giving up for Lent . Dishonesty . I know it sounds cheesy , but I've had issues with that lately . So I promise , for the next few weeks , I will be 100% honest about EVERYTHING , or at least tell you if I'd rather not answer :) 
Who knew there were so many kinds of skiing ?? 
THE NOTEBOOK IS ON ABC FAMILY AGAIN !!!!!! THIS INSTANTLY MADE MY DAY !!!!!!! 
\This is my temporary home . It's not where I belong . Windows and rooms that I'm passing through . This was just a stop on the way to where I'm going . I'm not afraid because I know this was my temporary home\ " <3 Perfect for today " 
We seriously need like 4 more hours in a day . I think I'll have a serious talk with the universe tomorrow :P 
There's something poetic about the snow today , but I can't exactly put my finger on it . I'm going for a walk to try to figure it out . 
Everyone did amazingly well last night !! No < PROPMALE > incidents or injuries !! Hopefully it'll go as well tonight :) 
Grrr . Homework . Why does it have to exist again ???? 
Secret Life always makes me feel like I have an incredibly normal life . And that's saying something :) 
WHY oh WHY would ANYONE ruin a story written by < PROPMALE > Sparks by casting Miley < PROPMALE > in the movie ?????? Seriously ???????? 
Such a strange day . I don't think i will EVER fully understand what happened today . 
Getting ready for another show tonight . I still can't believe the incredible amount of time it takes to curl my hair :P 
So , I think almost everyone in the show cried their eyes out at some point tonight . I'm not sure how we're supposed to go back to \normal\ " life . I'm gonna miss seeing everyone so much !!!!! " 
It's so weird being home and knowing that I don't have to go anywhere tonight ..... 
It is SO INCREDIBLY NICE OUT !!!! Hopefully it stays like this !!! :) 
I think I've had enough relaxation to last 2 or 3 lifetimes . I need an energy < PROPFEMALE > or something :P 
Somehow , I ended up spending the entire day cleaning my room . I'm not really sure how exactly that happened .... 
Registering for the SATs . If anyone finds a time machine , could I please borrow it ? I kinda miss being young and carefree :P 
' Tis a very blustery day . I might have to hide my < PROPFEMALE > pots :D 
Why does California have a commercial ?????? Seriously ?????? It's a state , not a snuggie !!!! :P 
Dear SATs , I do not care if affable means friendly or kind . I'm not particularly sure why I need to know what x equals . And I don't recall a single instance when I had to edit a piece of writing with five choices in front of me . So , remind me again why you exist ? Because I can't think of a single reason . Sincerely , < PROPFEMALE > 
I think I've finally heard what I've been listening for . So if I seem happier tomorrow , you'll know why :D 
I think I'm starting to understand how < PROPMALE > felt when he built the arc :P 
This is Holy Week ... I am out to prove that my friends will repost this , I hope I am right !! Let's lift up HIS name and make a statement !! When JESUS died on the cross , He died for YOU and ME . If you are not ashamed of the gospel of Jesus Christ , copy and repost . I am not ashamed !! Happy Easter everyone ! 
Can the weather just stay like this ?? Please ???? 
HAPPY EASTER , EVERYONE !!!!!!! And what a gorgeous Easter it is !! It's so warm out , we're watching Gettysburg !! :D 
It's impossible to say \mud fudge\ " 10 times fast . Trust me . :) " 
It is SO INCREDIBLY BEAUTIFUL outside !!! I plan on spending the reainder of the afternoon on my deck reading Gods and Generals <3 
Grrrrr . It's cold again . Can't we go back to the warmth ?????? 
My dad finally said I could have a vegetable garden !!!!!!!!!!!! Well , in pots on our deck , but still .... this is a victory that's been 3 years in the making !!!!!!!!! :D 
So , I'm not really sure how exactly , but towards the end of the day , it really started feeling like Wednesday , so of course , I forgot about like 3 things i was supposed to do after school today . Well , i'm only really upset about one of them , but still :P 
The butterfly garden at Incarnation is looking really beautiful .... <3 
Mr Stratton is officially incredibly creepy !!!! It's the return of < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > !!!!! :P 
So , I still feel like crap , but the Notebook is on tonight , so it's all good !!! :D 
That's it ! I give up ! I CAN'T WRITE POETRY FOR MY LIFE !!!!! Stupid musical brain :P 
I am extremely irritated at my voice . I hate being deprived of the ability to sing :( 
Eating pop rocks in my pajamas .... wow , I'm pathetic :P 
Apparently , I screw up everything and the world is pissed off at me . So if anyone else is mad at me , you can join the club :P 
< PROPFIRST > just fb chatted me that she found the greatest video ever . It was two angry camels in a car . I have officially decided that I have the best friends in the world <3 
Jam session to Hey < PROPFIRST > with my brother and sister .... that just made my day :D <3 
I had a dream about sentence completion questions .... I think I've officially been studying WAYYY to much :P 
I spent the entire afternoon carrying around a baby ... I think it's safe to say i don't mind spending the weekend at my aunt and uncle's :D 
My parents are back , and life is back to normal ... somewhat :) 
40 1/2 school days left before summer vacation .... does anyone have a time machine ??? 
New social experiment .... I have 20 bucks riding on the outcome . So help me out a little : http://www.formspring.me/nicolegaudet 
Ok , who is on friends exposed saying they have a crush on me ? I think fb just randomly answers questions and says it's from people :P 
I just realized that you can't comment on the little activity post thing that says what pages a person became a fan of . Well , now it's pages people \like\ " . Grrr ... this is irking me :P " 
SAT in 3 days ... I'm starting to panic just a little bit .... 
38 hours ... and the countdown begins .... 
< PROPFEMALE > just handed me a coke slushie with \Caf-Pow\ " written on the side and told me I looked like I needed the caffeine ... I've never truly appreciated before how much I love her ..... :D <3 " 
I'm SERIOUSLY TRYING to not study ... needless to say , it's not going so well :P 
My brain feels dead , but i'm FINALLY DONE !! YAY !!! 
The moral of today is that if you try to make me write , then I will end up standing behind a podium singing in the middle of english :P 
I just spent 2 hours up to my elbows in dirt planting veggies , taunting the animals in the field , and just staring at the stars ... I truly feel sorry for people who live in the city and never get to experience this <3 
Ice cream is very therapeutic ... I've never fully appreciated that until tonight :) 
Fresh cut grass smells AMAZING , but it's killing my allergies :P 
ok , so I usually hate when people update their statuses like once every 30 seconds , but I have to tell the general population : SWITCH FB TO ENGLISH(PIRATE) !!!! It is seriously the COOLEST THING EVER and I seriously can't stop laughing !! :D 
The rain made everything smell all nice ... <3 
You can spell things with smiley faces in fb chat ... < PROPFEMALE > and i are now amusing ourselves with that discovery :D 
So , halfway through the tour of Central , I get this text from fb . < PROPFIRST > sent me a message . the first line was \so < PROPMALE > the gay painter\ " and i proceeded to laugh hysterically at her timing . I love my friends :D <3 " 
So , my knee still hurts like hell and is all swollen and purple , but I don't think it's broken , so I plan on just toughing it through tomorrow 
So , everyone's telling me that they're seeing different stuff in my profile pic , from a vampire with a glass of blood , to two drunk girls and one with a cocktail ... so if you would like to leave your interpretation , please do , I'm actually kinda interested now :D 
I just realized that today is Armed Forces Day , so .... HAPPY ARMED FORCES DAY , EVERYONE !!! :D 
So , i really love the new song on my profile ... and i know most people will HATE it cuz it's country , but it really does describe me pretty well ... :) 
Well , I had a lot of fun acting like an overly proud mother today :D 
Rain is very wet :P 
I got a 1900 on my SAT . And it still doesn't seem real .... 
I didn't realize how out of shape I was until I went to do a handstand and there weren't any ab muscles to tighten ... so I kinda did a face plant . Yeah , I'm so coordinated :P 
Forget windex , CHOCOLATE fixes everything !!! 
My brother is watching info-mercials . I really don't care about vacuum cleaners :P 
I love thunderstorms <3 
Tomorrow , I will have no head . Trinkaus will have bitten it off :P 
What the HELL is a hufflepuff ??????????????????????? 
THERE ARE NOT ENOUGH HOURS IN THE DAY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I watching a show where they're building replicas roller coasters from Hershey , Pennsylvania out of chocolate while eating chocolate covered pomegranate ... I'm enjoying this chocolate filled night :) 
Officially a senior .... this is gonna take some getting used to :P 
' Cause you know I'd walk a thousand < PROPMALE > if I could just see you tonight 
I have NEVER seen so many Christmas decorations in my entire life !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I'm really pretty bored at this moment in time ... so if you like this status , I'll write on your wall and say 1 . What my first impression was of you 2 . One supercalifragilisticexpialidocious thing about you 3 . In my opinion , which House you'd be in if you went to Hogwarts and 4 . Something random i have the vague feeling you'd find funny or whatever . So yeah ... entertain me please ? 
I'm gonna sing the doom song now . * Doom doom doom-doom doom doom * .... 
I'm eating a hunk of dibs with a fork ... this is most definitely a new one :) 
My father is a perpetual teenager . 
Happy anniversary of the Declaration of Independence being ratified and 147th anniversary of the Battle of Little Round Top in Gettysburg !!!!!!!! :) 
Happy 147th anniversary of Pickett's Charge everyone ! :) 
HAPPY FOURTH OF JULY !! We're on the esplanande right now listening to pre-pops music and loving today :D 
I've forgotten how disgusting yogurt is :P 
This is why history shouldn't repeat itself :P 
\He can move faster than Severus Snape confronted with shampoo\ " ... I've forgotten how much i LOVE the < PROPMALE > Potter books :D " 
Facebook keeps telling me that i should like CSI because \many people who like NCIS like this\ " NO . JUST NO . Does anyone else see the horribleness in this situation ???? " 
MASTERCARD STARTED DOING THE PRICELESS COMMERCIALS AGAIN !! Don't ask me why i'm so excited about this , but i find it pretty darn awesome :) 
I feel so incredibly lucky at the moment , the past 4 NIGHTS IN A ROW i've looked at the clock randomly just as it was turning to 11:11 . I think the universe is telling me something :D 
So ... apparently today is national milk chocolate day ... and i am thoroughly enjoying myself :D 
I need to quit being so proud , humans were not designed to encase this much pride :) 
What is it about today that's made me so darn emotional ?? 
Extreme music therapy . Gotta love it :) 
Chocolate is the most amazing thing ever created . End of story . 
So ... I'm kinda loving my life right now :D 
Baking with chocolate . The best way to pass time imaginable :) 
I like days that give me an awesome 11:11 wish :) 
Thumbs are way too easy to hurt :P 
Just when you think that's enough ... 
Playing piano after twirling a flag all day is nearly impossible . I think we have a problem here :P 
Tomorrow is the last day of summer . Where the heck did summer go ?? 
I already have senioritis . This could be an issue :P 
It is the second day of school and i'm already exhausted to the point of insanity . What is this ?????? 
So , what did i do for a half an hour instead of doing my homework ? I played with the google logo :) 
Why can't it be friday already ?? 
You know you've become obsessed when you can play piano in midair and hear the mistakes you make :P 
should probably learn to sign out when she checks facebook at < PROPFEMALE > Santhouse's house . Just saying . 
My family is annoyingly clingy today :P 
The weekend needs to be longer :P 
I like warmth . Warmth is my friend :) 
Whoever invented hot chocolate should have a holiday all to him/herself . Why do we not commemorate this amazing invention ?? :) 
< PROPFEMALE > lost her bag , with both of our cells in it , at band , so if you try to text me and i don't answer , assume it's still lost :P 
So much to do , so little time :P 
Why can't we have every tuesday off ? :) 
One of the only kinds of predictable I like : knowing that by the time I get home tonight , I'm gonna be bursting with pride :) 
I carried a watermelon :D 
Life is good when it's almost Christmas :) 
Finally . I'm done with the application process . Now I can breathe :P 
Spicy sweet chili doritos actually taste pretty good ... 
This has been an unnaturally long week . Can it just be over already ? 
What is with all the sad songs being the pretty ones ? I need to stop this :P 
HA ! I HAS INTERNET ! I WINNNNN !!!! :D 
I've forgotten how much i love winny the pooh :D 
Life is good . I have a new box of crayons and a < PROPFIRST > Brown coloring book :D 
Mr Moore is crazy . I'm NOT going to school tomorrow . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone , and God bless !! :) 
School makes me tired . Enough said :P 
Every person has 1000 wishes . A cancer patient only has one : to get better . I know that 97% will not post this as their status , but I know that my friends will be one of the 3% and put this as their status , at least for an hour , in honor of those who died because of cancer or are still fighting for all those in the struggle ..... we are with you !! 
I'm watching food network with my brother and sister . Well , that's one way to spend saturday night :) 
I think sometimes life just likes punching you in the gut and laughing at the funny face you make :P 
Ok , does anyone else agree with me that Mean Girls 2 is a fail and they should just quit playing it ??? :P 
NCIS is EXACTLY what I need right now . Thank you , universe ! :D 
I'm sure he's happier up there playing Monopoly with his daughter and the love of his life . We'll miss him here , but he has a game to finish :) \ 
God Bless you , Grandpa . You're always going to be loved . 
Can we bump vacation up a week ? Please ? Because I really don't want to have to wake up early tomorrow :P 
I am now a huge fan of ABC Family . Legally Blonde now and Titanic tonight . All I need is chocolate and really salty popcorn and this is perfect !!! :D 
Thanks everyone for the happy birthdays !! :D and also , HAPPY BIRTHDAY , < PROPMALE > WEASLEY !!! ( it had to be said ) 
I just spent the entire day with nothing really to do . I'm liking this whole \free time\ " concept :D " 
