Just finished my math placement exam ... you mean I was supposed to REMEMBER calculus ? 

In 8th grade I started a video documentary project for tech class ... today I finished it . 
I guess the AP Gov Exam graders weren't too impressed by my political doodles ( but we finally get to see our scores yes ! ) 
Camping for the weekend . Birds make a great alarm clock ... if you like getting up at 5 in the morning . 
Got my college rooming assignment and I think it made my day ... week ... next school year ! 
It took two years to go out , find , and buy a copy of the sequel to Tales of Symphonia , and seven days to finish it . Hm . 
Two days until I leave for Tacoma . That's enough time to pack everything ... right ? 
Orientation = camping , camping = no computer , phone , or music , so don't expect me around until Thursday ! 
Four classes , NO finals this semester ( scooore ) , no classes on Thursdays and only one on Tuesdays , and two entire bags of books . Welcome to college . Let's have a hoedown . 
needs a screwdriver . And a Time Turner , while I'm at it . 
Why am I always hungry after midnight ? ( for that matter , why am I always awake after midnight ? ) 
I hate it when I come home to my cave and find out puny humans have broken in and eaten my cheese . 
is living If You Give a Mouse a Cookie . You know what goes well with chocolate frosting ? < PROPMALE > crackers ... 
is joining the half of campus that's sick . Thank < PROPFEMALE > for bookstores that sell cough drops . 
Permissum nos pungo is . 
You tell those Trojans , if they say they won't fall , that I'm a godlike warrior and I'mma get some < PROPFEMALE > here ! Don't trust a Greek , never trust a Greek ... 
First college golf tournament ! hopefully I actually know the rules of this game ... 
UPS Symphony Orchestra concert tomorrow ! 7:30 PM , Schneebeck Concert Hall . It's free and fairly short , so everyone should come ! 
going to Spokane for Whitworth Invitational , brb 
Anybody else need some last-minute peer editing on this gods-forsaken ( oh the irony ) Aeneid essay ? I think I need someone to help make sense of whatever it is I just wrote . 
hello , Port < PROPFEMALE > ! 
will be in Oregon until Sunday night . Last golf tournament of the season ! 
Loggers ! Ever been to a laser tag all-night event ? \ 
... Want to ? 
Sorry , NaNoWriMo , you can't devour my soul/time this year ... college beat you to it . 
can't read < PROPMALE > without thinking of the Franz < PROPMALE > song ... 
had four potential schedules for spring semester , and I got ... the fourth one . Oh , being a freshman . 
\You can’t learn to be real . It’s like learning to be a midget . It’s not a thing you can learn . \"" 
2 inches of snow in Tacoma ... almost a foot in Port < PROPFEMALE > . There is no escape ... 
has now seen HP7 twice . ( maybe at some point I'll start to remember the book -- ) 
10:15 PM , November 30th , 2010 . 50,400 words . WHAT NOW , NANOWRIMO !? 
So . Two school weeks left and 20,000 meal points left . I sense a problem . \ 
\ 
... Who wants to have a pizza party ?! 
1 stats project + 2 essays + 1 test = HOME . Yesplz . 
Staying up until 2 AM writing essays was EXACTLY the way I wanted to spend my last night of the semester here . Oh well , it's worth it to go home tomor -- today ... 
Good news : Asian < PROPMALE > final went really well . Bad news : Honors211 essay was totally unfocused and had no point to argue . Good news : stopped caring because I'll be home in two hours ! 
Walked by the computer and it restarted itself . Opened the fridge and the bulb burned out . Sat down by the window and the Christmas lights fell down . \ 
... Where's my letter from Hogwarts !? 
Last day of classes was 26 days ago . One and only final was 19 days ago . Semester ended 17 days ago . Just got my grades 5 minutes ago . Oi ... at least I predicted them almost-correctly ! 
Forget trying to distinguish between Plato and Socrates . I'm crediting Plocrates . 
somehow managed to write \hipstery\ " instead of \ " history . \ " The new Honors150 : Hipsters and the Construction of the Other . Ancient Rome style . " 
Can we pretend that golf balls off the fairway are like ... mulligans ? I could really use a par right now , par right now , par right now ... 
Within an hour of being back at school , I've found three spiders in my room . \ 
... Is it summer yet ? 
High school orchestra : conductor frustrated by playing over the fingerboard\ 
College orchestra : conductor frustrated by inability to play over the fingerboard\ 
I JUST CAN'T WIN 
