is sitting at home bored out of his mind . 

has had the worst weekend ever in my life , absolutely the worst . I'm glad to be alive . 
got a new phone and lost all my < PROPFIRST > so i need < PROPFIRST > . Give me ur number or texted it . 
is sitting at home all day with a broken leg . Which is not fun at all by the way . 
is going to church cause its easter Sunday but I really feel like going . 
is about to get ready for work for the first time since my injury . Should be exciting . 
Im about sick and tired of having a broken leg . I can\t do a lot stuff when I got a broken leg . " 
is at the doctor's office ... once again . Hopefully some really good news like no more crutches . 
Got two more weeks with these crutches and another two weeks til I go back to the doctor to see if I'm healed up . Damn crutches ... I hate them !!! 
sittin at work , listening to music , and is ready to get off . 
NO MORE CRUTCHES , FINALLY !!!!! 
is wanting to get off of as soon as possible . 
is wanting to get off of work as soon as possible . 
is heading off to work . 
had an awesome night at the casinos and now bout to go fishing with my brother and cousin . 
is going to my brother's wedding . 
is finally getting my life back on track the way i want it . And can't wait til pay day rolls around again . 
is getting fucking wasted tonight . 
bout to go play volleyball . Anyone want to play text me . 
is trying to find something to do tonight . Holla at me . 
is about to go play volleyball . If anyone is interested hit me up . 
Man , tomorrow night isn't coming fast enough . It needs to hurry up and get here . 
had a great time at spring river . Now got to start the week up again . 
is about to go play some football . We need a few more players so anyone that wants to play hit me up . 
Happy Thanksgiving , everyone !!! 
Colts Win !!! We are still in it . 
It's snowing in Byhalia ! < PROPFEMALE > Christmas , everyone !!! 
played basketball two days in a row . I need to this every weekend . 
is just chillin in his new apartment . 
