poker tonight , let me know if you want to play 

POKER tournament , 10 dollar buy in . 4:00 Saturday . Let me know if you want in . 
Poker this weekend let me know if you want to play 
POKER TOMORROW . ANYONE WHO CAN PLAY IS INVITED . LET ME KNOW IF YOU WANT IN AND I'LL GIVE YOU THE DETAILS 
< PROPMALE > is a bitch 
im gay ya butt sex !!! 
saw Amare Stoudemire walking down the street 
My Company CIM Group in Hollywood ( Real Estate Accounting ) is looking to hire young people for an Internship position . They will be paying 10 dollars an hour with a flexible work schedule , as long as you are available for 30 hours a week or more . The internship would go until sometime in November , and it is a good opportunity to add something to your resume ' . Message and I'll see if I can get you an interview . 
My Company CIM Group in Hollywood ( Real Estate Accounting ) is looking to hire young people for an Internship position . They will be paying 10 dollars an hour with a flexible work schedule , as long as you are available for 30 hours a week or more . The internship would go until sometime in November , and it is a good opportunity to add something to your resume ' . Message and I'll see if I can get you an interview 
lets play poker this weekend 
Support < PROPFEMALE > Gazing , find it before Facebook shuts it down 
< PROPFEMALE > is hawt 
Vikings are superbowl bound 
fuck < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > and facebook for not signing off when i tell it to 
Fag ( fa'g ) n . 1 . An extremely annoying , inconsiderate person most commonly associated with < PROPMALE > riders . 2 . A person who owns or frequently rides a < PROPMALE > . 
Do not send me anything that has to do with Facebook games , I am done with them . 
Vikings ' year 
No . 1 Florida vs . No . 2 Alabama . 
Avatar : one of the best movies of all time . 
Avatar is my new favorite movie 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas , and since everything is closed you should go see Avatar , you won't be disappointed 
Thanks to everyone who wished me a happy birthday 
woke up and shit a chocolate squirrel . 
Avatar Just passed 1 Billion 
Today in class we had introductions , the kid next to me stood up and introduced himself and said he was a recovering kleptomaniac , not a great place to sit i guess 
Avatar wins Best Picture . 
My cousin just had his book signing . It's a biography about his journey toward winning a gold medal in the most recent olympic games . Its in stores now . Look for \American Victory\ " by < PROPFIRST > Cejudo . " 
Does anyone know of a job openning ? My school schedule makes me only available 1pm-5pm mon-thurs , and all day fri sat sun 
Don't go to the IMAX in Simi , you're getting ripped off . The screen is only a little bigger then the standard 30 foot screen . Go to the Bridge off the 405 where the screen is 62 feet tall and 80 feet wide and is less for a ticket then Simi's lie-max 
Touchdown , first blood 
I hate it !!!! But , I love it ! 
oh wait , he's pulling out his penis . Alright next person 
\April is the cruelest month . \ " - T.S Eliot " 
poker ? 
I got Spain for the World Cup 
Ethier .... 
I just fucking hate the Boston Celtics . 
USA ! 
Spain vs . Brazil final ? 
Lesnar or Carwin ? 
Jesus < PROPFEMALE > really ? 
Anyone doing fantasy 
Marcel : \Spain wins . Margi time .... \"" 
Picked that shit from the start . < PROPFEMALE > espana 
If/when < PROPFIRST > Favre returns to the Vikes for one last season , I will go out to the store and buy a pair of Wranglers 
God , thank you for inventing porn . 
Inception . Outstanding 
Do your homework while listening to the inception soundtrack . Trust me . 
Message me if you want to play poker this weekend 
Fantasy Football , if anyone needs a spot filled in their league , or wants to start up a league with me , get at me quick . 
Just found a black widow nest in my gym 
Guess I'm buying a pair of wranglers now 
Poker tomorrow at 3 message me 
If you came or missed out on playing today , most likely Friday will be the next one . Message me 
< PROPFEMALE > just informed me that there are FDA approved male birth control pills around the corner . And the arguments begin .. 
The Bird is the Word 
Poker Saturday anyones invited 
Last reminder if you want to play Poker tomorrow message me . Everyone is welcome 
Sdsu 0 csun 0 
need to fill a few spots in my fantasy league 
Do I want to do it ? Does the Pope help pedophiles get away with their crimes ? Excellent . 
I felt the hate rise up in me 
To all the cowboy fans , I'm sorry . 
Ultimate Fighter St. < PROPMALE > vs . Koscheck Premiers Wednesday 
Sometimes 1 am is the only time to train 
No one ever drowned in sweat . 
1 AM training . Then 6 AM training tomorrow . 
Last time I listen to NFL.com . Sat Jahvid Best for < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > . Best 42 points > < PROPMALE > 7 points 
My lab pup snores 
Signed my papers . Newport in 10 days , come visit 
Moss is back home 
IKEA ftw 
First dinner in newport : Hooters all you can eat wings ! 
Fuck the 405 
free UFC card in 1 hour 
Theres nothing better then when your favorite team beats your most hated team . 
is NFL sunday ticket worth it ? 
Chargers have a madden \clutch\ " rating of 0 . " 
Ronaldo with 4 goals 
Shanes my boy 
Once again , fuck the 405 
My girlfriend keeps beating me at waterpong . It makes me want to cry . Really really hard . 
Zenyatta : wow 
Traffic never fail to disappoint 
hahaha ... < PROPFIRST > . you should remember to log out of your fb . 
1 month away 
Got my new phone . Send me your number 
Some serious snow is on its way 
10 days 
Happy birthday to the most beautiful girl in the world 
First golf in 6 months , sushi , chargers , massage , big bear for 3 days , boarding and things that happen when u turn 21 
Just got back from Big Bear , wanted to thank everyone for the birthday wishes . I know its a little late ;) 
I don't even know why I bother with the 405 
Official San < PROPMALE > appartment move in date : < PROPFIRST > 17 . Possible housewarming party the weekend of the 23 . Get ready 
