trying to re-build my facebook .. hasn't been updated in years 

trying to update my facebook .. hasn't been updated in yearssss ! myspace is better ! 
b o r e d d d 
La cage tonighttt ! 
work work work ! at least its almost fridayyy ! 
Whats everyone doing tonight ? I wanna go out !!.. 
gunna be at Monas in a minute !! 
Relaxing !! 
Waiting for laundry .. ugh 
not looking forward to driving 13 hours tomorrow to canada just because < PROPFEMALE > can't learn how to drive a stick ! ughh 
had a good trip w . dawn !.. now its pridefest today !!! :) 
Pride was great yesterday ... think we're gunna go again today ! :) 
Getting ready for the move tomorrow .. the house is such a mess right now !! 
Ughhh i don't want to go back to work tomorrow after my week n a half vacation 
anyone know of any good places to go out on a Monday night ??? 
im soooo excited to see twilight eclipse tomorrow !!! 
HAPPY 28th BIRTHDAY to my beautiful , wonderful girl .. LOVE YOU ! andddd , twilight eclipse tonight !!! :) 
OMG ... totally just forgot about the smoking-ban ... going out tonight is going to be a lot different ! ughhh 
ughh a half hour left ... almost done !! this day has been dragginggg 
soooo hungry ! where to eat for lunch ??! prolly the dollar menu .. haha 
going swimming at a superrr nice beach in caledonia .. omg so nice over here ! Fuck the polluted milw beaches 
Whats everyone doing tonight ?? I wanna go outtt ! 
Had a bad day from the second I woke up .. just one of those days ! 
No power at work ... making us stay here n do nothing .. nice 
Had to drive my baby to the airport this morning ... she'll be away for army stuff for 2 weeks :( ughhh 
anyone know of any good hair salons and stylists to get hair cut at ?? a more edgy type of salon/stylist is preferred .... please and thanks !! 
State fair later on ! 
can't wait for this long weekend ... just 3 more hours & the weekend begins . AND i can get out of this hellhole called work . 
Thanks everyone for the birthday wishes !!!! :) :) 
anyone know how to color hair professionally ? I mean like licensed or close to it ?? Let me know , and I can message pics of what I would like done , and how much you would charge . I don't really wanna pay 100+ at a salon !! 
why am i up so early on a saturday morning ??! 
happy NCOD !! :) 
bacardi dragon < PROPFIRST > is gooood ... a bit to sweet tho 
wooo .. mad planet this Friday for Halloween !! 
feeling a little sick .... but still going to Mad Planet tonight !!!! excited !!!! 
anyone know anyone who does tattoos ( sleeves ) for decent price ? and is a professional , who works at a shop with really good work ??? let me know !! 
i think its the dumbest thing that I have to be at work today ..... after work maybe doing some shopping , if theres anything left ! ha 
OK , I am definately done buying stuff for now !!.. cyber Monday .. I hate you !! 
RIP < PROPFIRST > McCambridge ... 
FREEZING at work .... its not normal for all of customer service to be wearing jackets ontop of sweatshirts . can't wait to leave . 
alright people , send me the < PROPFIRST > ! i gave in .. bored ! 
220 when are we going out again ??! ha i'm such a bad influence :) remember that one time we got lost n were driving around for hours ? lmao . friends for life ! :) 
88 wow , I haven't seen you in a looongg time ! from what I remember , you were a kick ass chick , and we shared a couple of classes together in highschool . I <3 your hair and style 
Really done buying stuff for a while ... but I can't pass up good deals .... i think i may have a problem ! 
my fortune cookie said \you will travel to many exotic places in your lifetime\ " . haha ... I HOPE/WISH !! " 
? We are young , heartache to heartache we stand-no promises no demands-love is a battlefield . we are strong , no one can tell us we're wrong-searchin our hearts for so long-both of us knowing-love is a battlefield ? 
Take your baby by the hand and make her do a high hand stand-and take your baby by the heel and do the next thing that you feel . We were so in phase-in our dance hall days-we were cool on craze . When I-you-and everyone knew-could believe , do , and share in what was true . I said dance hall days love . <3 
Happy NYE everyone !! 
going to romine's for the packer game with < PROPFIRST > Sosa later !!! 
packer kicked ass !!! time to go to la cage now !! 
don't want to go back to work tomorrow ! 
so ... yeserday my car was hit while parked outside of work .. and the b **** took off . the damage is bad . waiting my insurance company to call me with estimates . hopefully its not a total loss . oh , and if anyone sees a silver car , black driver , ( hyundai accent 2001 or something similar with a lot of right front end damage get the license plate and inbox me ) . 
superbowllllll !!!!! 
$188 dollars to take Rio to the vet for his annual shots and stuff . wait , what ?! $188 dollars !!? seriously , thats a bit much ..... 
!!!!!! f *** yeah packers !! 
freeezinggg 
attempting to quit smoking .. had my last cigarette this morning . man , this is going to be one of the hardest things i've ever done ... 
attempt to quit smoking = failed :( now , trying to cut back , and then hopefully quit within a month ... we'll see .... 
B O R E D ! whats everyone doin tonight ?? 
3.1.08 Happy 3 Year Anniversary to me and my girl !! <3 
people DO NOT know how to drive in the snow !!!!! took me 40 mins to go 20 blocks stop n go , stop n go !!!!! on the up side , i will be a piece of < PROPMALE > later .. st < PROPMALE > in my sleeve today ! yay 
