< PROPFIRST > is getting tubes in his ears tomorrow and today he is running a fever ! Poor kid can't catch a break . 

i need some happy pills today ... at least I am getting a lot of work done 
had the best weekend !!!!! 
When i turn 30 something great is going to happen !!!!!! 
would love a vacation ! 
Just realized that all my pre-pregnancy jeans fit .... I love shopping in my closet !!!! 
Facebook friends ..... my phone got run over and I have no phone < PROPFIRST > !!! If you want me to have your number please text or message me ...... 
Always forgive your enemies - nothing annoys them so much . 
I can't take this heat !!!! 
< PROPFIRST > is turning 2 on Sunday !!!! My little boy is growing up too fast ! 
Ready to go home ! I really dont like being in the hospital . 
Out of the hospital !! Now to get ready for Averys 2nd birthday ! 
This week is going to be a good one ! 
Thank you all for the birthday wishes ! 
I have to say it is one of the strangest birthdays I have ever had ... I found a snake in my bathroom this morning !!!! 
Survived another 5k this morning ! 
I really don't want to go to drill this weekend ! 
Taking myself to the movies ... 
What are the odds ? Came to the movies so I wouldnt sit at home alone . And I am the ONLY one in the theater !!! 
I'm ready to start dating . Any suggestions ??? 
Completed my 3rd 5k .... Can't wait till the one for Y ! < PROPFEMALE > and I already have our costumes . 
It's time for life changes and I know right where to start ! 
7 1/2 inches :( 
Best 5k time so far !!!!! It must have been the costume ! 
Eventually all the pieces will fall into place .... until then laugh at the confusion , live for the moment , and just know everything happens for a reason ... 
Do not spoil what you have by desiring what you have not ; remember that what you now have was once among the things you only hoped for . 
Those who can laugh without cause have either found the true meaning of happiness or have gone stark raving mad . 
INBOX ONLY ! tell me somthin u always wanted to tell me ( stays between us ) put this in ur status and see what all u get ! 
Happy Thanksgiving Everyone ! 
People are like stained-glass windows . They < PROPFEMALE > and shine when the sun is out , but when the darkness sets in , their true beauty is revealed only if there is light from within . 
A large heart can be filled with very little . 
The world is round and the place which may seem like the end may also be only the beginning . 
I am only one , but I am one . I cannot do everything , but I can do something . And I will not let what I cannot do interfere with what I can do . 
What you need to know about the past is that no matter what has happened , it has all worked together to bring you to this very moment . And this is the moment you can choose to make everything new . Right now 
It is just a blah day ... 
Feeling gratitude and not expressing it is like wrapping a present and not giving it . 
Why not learn to enjoy the little things - there are so many of them . 
I love my new 4 wheeler !!!!! 
The after the holidays diet starts tommorrow !!!!! 
I AM A HANDFUL - unfortunately most women WON'T re-post this . I'm strong , wild , independent , a bit outspoken , and I tell it like it is . I make mistakes , I am sometimes out of control and at times hard to handle but I love and give with all my heart . If you can't handle me at my worst then you sure don't deserve me at my best . If you are a HANDFUL , re-post ! I dare you .. I'll be looking for the ladies who re-post 
A mother thinks about her child day and night , even when they are grown . A mother loves her children in a way that they will never understand . A mom will be there for her children when no one else will . A mom would take a bullet , stand in front of a train & ask God to take her instead of her child . If you have a child that you love as much as I love mine , post this as your status . 
< PROPFIRST > actually asked to use the potty tonight !!! Yay ! I didn't think he was ever going to do it . 
We tend to forget that happiness doesn't come as a result of getting something we don't have , but rather of recognizing and appreciating what we do have . 
Passed my PT test !!!!!!! 
