ughh . All these people ... 

finally got a facebook 
Gotta take an ap world history final ... which is nothing but a movie ... 
I have been watching the show , LOST , for about 5 years now , and Lost is a show with a lot of mysteries and twists , so the epic finale was supposed to be epic and they would finally explain everything ! ... but it was not . You wanna know what happened to the past 5 or 6 years of my life ?... LOST 
Nobody's home and I am singin along to \Stayin Alive\ " in a crazy falsetto voice !! " 
Hey Important Discovery !!! If ur volume is really loud on the pc , and u drag ur mouse , there is a low almost inaudible buzzing ! 
Dont u hate when u put sunscreen on and u still get burned ? in addition to mowing for about 6 hrs ...? 
Saw < PROPFIRST > Hood . Great movie , but wasn't really a < PROPFIRST > hood feeling movie . 
Hey u know in ur little chat box , there's a green cirle that indicates people r online . Well what does the gray crescent < PROPFEMALE > mean ? 
I am sooooooooooooooo lonely 
GOIN TO < PROPFIRST > 2MORROW !!!!!!!!! 
BACK FROM < PROPFIRST > !!!!!!!!!!!! was great except the first day i lost my passport and was detained for about two hrs on a french police bench , until they finally came and said they found it on the plane ... but other than that was great ... 
bout to start driving school ...... mmmmm 
Saw Inception last nite . One of the best and most imaginative movies i have ever seen :) 
Finally got a twitter account ! Im following 4 actors from house ! 
First day of school was very similar to last year .... so not very exciting :( 
Well gang , it looks like we have another mystery on our hands ! CASE : The Secret Admirer ......... any guesses or confessions ? well it's up to scooby to save the day ..... 
takin my liscence test 2morrow !!!! 
jammin to \eye of the tiger\ " b4 my drivers test ! " 
The end of 1984 ? Made the entire rest of the book ....... disappointing . 
2 DAYS til House season 6 comes to dvd !!!! GONNA BUY IT !!!!!! and add it to the every other seasons I have(which is all of them ) 
1 DAY til House season 6 comes to dvd !!!! GONNA BUY IT !!!!!! and add it to the every other seasons I have(which is all of them ) 
KABLOOSHHHHHHHHH !!!!!!!! IT'S THE DAY IVE WAITED A YEAR FOR !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! WOOOOOOOOOOO !!!!! 
Well I gotta go and watch my brother do a tae kwon do belt test . It it so exciting ...... but not really . 
So i saw Deric Doan at my bro's karate test and my eyes exploded from his sheer awesomeness ! 
I hate when people put \i love u\ " as there status . Surely they dont love everybody . " 
So how bout i fired up my space engines , and i figured out my hyperdrive was damaged . So then the empire starts bombing me ! Sure , pick on the little broken ship with me and a wookie in it . Why are we even important to them ? i dont get it ... 
Going to homecoming with < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Who is ready for the ULTIMATE SHOWDOWN !?!?!? Head versus the heart ! How will it play out ? Stay tuned to find out ! 
I really dislike Grendel . Wats up it ? 
Life is truckin along pretty well . Assuming that you humans consider me \alive . \ " Assuming my simulated emotions were not \ " artificial . \"" 
Goin to the fair tomorrow !!! 
I won 2 first places and one third on some < PROPMALE > pieces i submitted to the fair . Do i hear 120 dollars ??? 
Anyone ever heard of the 80s metal band ' Riot' ? Heard em a day ago and now theyre practically my favorite band haha 
ughhhhh my heart feels like it weighs a thousand pounds :( 
WOOOOOOO ! Just got Starwars the clone wars season 2 on dvd ! How cool am I right ? 
I just finished a new version of the first chapter of Grendel . Man , I hated that book ! But my version is freaking awesome ! and I finished a week early cos im turning it in as a personnal essay for Mr < PROPFIRST > . 
Watched prom night ......... huge disappointment 
Liebe Ist Fur Alle Da ! Gott helfe Ihnen alle . 
just watched inception . I mean , i think i did , but it might have been a dream . And typing this on fb could be a dream . And you reading all of this could be a dream too ... 
so i didnt know today was daylight savings time until my stepmom woke me up for church this morning ... 
is it a little trippy that im on fb while watching \the social network ? \"" 
its always wierd when a worker is working right outside your window when you're chillin inside ... 
sigh .... apparently i didnt set my alarm right and imagine my surprise when i was walking out the door , that i had a whole hour before i needed to leave :( 
i had a dream that i actually got to go to the line with the chicken sandwiches and fries :O And i paid the guy with a 5 , which is extra , so he paid me back with a 50 . Random Acts of Kindness ? And then i woke up ......... 
I just saw < PROPMALE > potter and Voldemort have a rap off on utube . Twas quite funny :) 
getting on facebook and not getting a notification is like opening a present and getting socks . -- words of wisdom by < PROPFIRST > 
pajamas and nothing to do . -I love saturdays 
-\Wow 
\ ... the fact that the sexual pleasure center of your cerebral cortex has been over-stimulated by spirochetes is a poor basis for a relationship . Learned that one the hard way . \ " -House " 
hmmm . < PROPMALE > Potter ? A solid good film .... but there was something odd about the whole thing and i'm not sure what . Maybe it will resolve itself in part two , but still , this was one of the best 
shawshank redemption = great movie 
Hmmmm , maybe for thanksgiving , ill eat a census taker's liver with a side of fava beans and a nice chianti . fufufufufufuh ! -hannibal the cannibal- 
im thankful for ........... everything 
Just watched memento for the first time ...... i mean , i think i did . -if uve seen it , u'll know wat that means- 
Awake . Where am I ? 
Just finished Grendel part two for my < PROPFEMALE > essay . happy , happy , happy .... 
Numa Numa iei ! 
Stop with the < PROPFIRST > people ! It's rotting my brain . Into mesh . 
Woa ! today is 12-11-10 
Who dislikes this new fb change they have going on ? it's impractical :( 
Team Blade 
Have u noticed how many cell phone commercials there are now ? It makes u wonder what we were advetised before their invention ........ 
$65 recieved . Too bad money isnt the secret to happiness . -words of wisdom by < PROPFIRST > - 
Just saw Narnia 3 . It was pretty good i may say . 
in the words of aerosmith ...... IM BACK in the saddle again ! 
Double Rainbow ! oh , this intense ! all the way across the sky ! 
well i had the bright idea of wearing pj's to school , and OF COURSE , i was made to go all the way back home and get \REAL\ " pants ! Stupid @#%@ ! *&% school ! " 
Marry Poppins is my perfect woman 
i saw an indian boy with an extra pair of legs , arms , and testacles growing out of his stomach . yum . :p 
TRON : Legacy -the review- This movie sucked . Badly . It may be passable for those who havnt seen the original , but since i checked out the old one on youtube right before i saw the new one , i was deeply disappointed 
It's always a shame when you're picking out < PROPFEMALE>'s secret models to be in your next < PROPMALE > piece :) 
Bah Humbug ! jk lol . < PROPFEMALE > Christmasssssss ! 
I am Vengence . I am the Knight ! I ... AM ... BATMAN !!! 
Had a dream , that everybody had swapped bodies . Would make for an excellent movie , if a man had visual agnosia that hindered his plight to do ... something ... havent figured that part out 
It feels like its been 2011 for forever . Here goes round two of ' 11 i suppose ... 
It's A Trap !!! 
No the journey doesn´t end here ... Death is just another path ... One that we always take . The gray rain-curtain of this world rolls back , and all turns to silver glass ... And then you see it ... White shores , and beyond ... A far green country , and a swift sun rise ... -\Gandalf \"" 
Slumdog Millionaire = Undeserving of Best Picture ....... but it was ok though 
If you hear a howling tonight , that's just me because the < PROPFEMALE > is full . You know us werewolves ... 
just bought the office season 6 :) 
finally finished with my mermaid drawing ...... thats a week late ... 
Nice guys finish last ! 
I'm going to tackle the day one step at a time , like a carpenter building stairs ;) 
... are you ready ? 
I just saw my Uncle < PROPFIRST > on a commercial , who is the creator of < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE>'s :) 
I love giving cats baths ... 
Trailer for \X-Men First Class\ " seems ... a little ' iffy ' to me . Looks very corny and a little unrealistic .......... I just dont know ... but it may be good . " 
Trust me , I'm a doctor . They call me DR LOVE ! 
Such a sad , somber , dreary < PROPFIRST>'s day 
Wow , just signed up on starwars.com . I think that's the nerdiest ive gotten ... 
That new asian Journey singer sounds just like < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > 
It's amazing how much of your day goes by when watching Hitler parodies with changed subtitles 
Call me spongebob , but I just ripped my pants 
Top 5 Movies : Memento , Shutter Island , The Dark Knight , Superman (' 79 ) , and < PROPFEMALE > Wars : Empire Strikes Back 
Oscars ! 
Blaring music from Inception makes finding research topic sources all the more adventursome 
THE WORST THING IN THE WORLD is when you hear a cool song in a movie trailer and you spend hours trying to google what it is , but NOBODY on the planet knows what it is ! Aghh ! and it gets under your skin cos its such a great tune and you dont have the rest of it . 
Woo ! I just won a weekly caption contest for a photo on Starwars.com! Which means : they have a pic on the site and we have to write something witty or funny and they'll select their favs . And I was one of them :) 
I Hate when you put your hotdogs in the microvave and then after theyre done , you realize you're out of buns ... 
I love to < PROPMALE > a black costume cape , eat some snacks , and turn on the Dark Knight full volume :) 
Saw the Harlem Globetrotters last night :) 
Just watched a girl get proposed to by a giant singing mob on the show \Mobbed . \ " She bawled like a baby . Aint that sweet ? :) " 
I should ask every girl out today . That way , if they say no , I can say , \April Fool's!\ "" 
Well , My mom got one of those powerband things that help with balance . So , I tried it out with a handstand , and it worked for a while ....... until I got offbalance and face-planted the hard floor ...... 
