is bored already .... this is going to be a fun summer .... 

is thinking that life sucks balls . Total BIG balls . Lame . 
hates it when creepy people stare at you as you walk through town ... 
just got Questamation . It is AMAZAZAZAZING !!!!! 
finished her book yesterday .... is now incredibly bored and can't decide what to do .... 
loves the thunder and lightening . :) 
totally got to go see < PROPMALE > Potter last night ..... 
is most definitely sunburned ..... 
is a horrible , horrible person . please excuse me while i go punch myself in the face . repeatedly . 
says : fml . 
ow . 
doesn't know what to do with the day .... 
is finally almost starting to look normal again .... 
There was totally a fire at my apartment complex tonight ... no joke . 
is going to go take a nap . 
fml . 
just recently discovered < PROPFIRST > . Great album . 
loves listening to \Low\ " being screamed .... an interesting experience .... " 
is going to go play Spore . 
made cake last night . yum . :P 
made cookies last night and they're already all gone .... :P 
is going to go check the mail ..... 
' s cat is high out of his mind right now .... 
is listening to the Glee Soundtrack right now since I can't watch the show .... :( 
has a big big BIG secret that she can't tell anyone yet ! 
is determined to grow her hair out .... 
BLEH ! :) 
is wondering : \why the hell am I up this early ?! \"" 
OHMYGOD !!!! Avatar was uh-mazing ! 
Black ! ;D 
is getting ready to go to auditions ..... thank god . it's been far too long since I've audtitioned and/or been in anything .... 
thinks this whole living alone thing is bullshit .... 
stop right now , thank you very much , i need someone with the human touch ..... hahaha . 
has really gotta stop staying up so late ... 
should prolly start packing her shit up .... 
ah jesus ..... 
finally got the internet to work on her computer at her new house !!! Yay ! 
dun dun DUN !!! 
hates it when things take forever to download .... 
everyone should come see < PROPMALE > on Thursday and Saturday at 7:30 , Friday and Sunday at 2:00 at PC ! 
is going to be doing something incredibly nerdy/embarrassing tonight ... 
is excited ! :D 
oh rabbits ..... 
has awesome new hair ! 
is adding more purple to her hair . :D 
fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck . 
I wish that you were my lollipop . Sweet things , I will never get enough . 
is SO EXCITED ABOUT GLEE TONIGHT !!!!!! 
really , REALLY wants to be < PROPFEMALE > in < PROPFEMALE>'s play .... 
is < PROPFEMALE > ! Fricken stoked ! 
is terrible at painting her own nails .... 
just watched The Lovely Bones ..... 
Sing off . Parking lot . 5 o'clock . Be there . 
just loves babysitting on a Friday night . Favorite way to start the weekend . 
was on the ferry today , saw one of the captains who looked a lot like < PROPFIRST > , but spoke like an asian ! Crazy ! 
+wine+by herself = not a very good combination ..... 
THAT BOY IS A MONSTER !!!!! 
loves feeling nauseated all day ..... 
Time to go watch the new episode of GLEE ! Missed the episode last night . Thank god for Hulu ! 
is working on her resume .... lame sauce . 
has come to the conclusion that she wants a polar bear cub for her birthday ..... 
thinks that life occasionally blows ... 
loves the random things that pop up on her ipod . This time : Sk8er Boi ... 
is very confused and completely baffled as to what she should do ..... 
is < PROPFEMALE > excited for Glee tonight !!! Yeah , GaGa ! 
needs to get outta this town ! 
is wondering why the hell this is the third or fourth morning in a row in which she has woken up before 7:00 AM .... without an alarm . 
is . 
really wants to go to the Game Farm right now for some reason ..... 
is mildly sunburned right now . Lame ! 
has a much better outlook on life in general now this afternoon , compared to this morning ..... 
it's official ! I am moving to England in the beginning of August ! 
is trying to decide if she made a mistake today or not .... 
doesn't know what to do tonight . More than likely it will consist of nothing .... 
spends wayyy more time on facebook drunk than sober .... 
holy shit . 
just bought her plane ticket ! Woot ! 
11 days people , 11 days !! 
has three pretty important things to announce : 1 . I got my lip pierced yesterday . 2 . I got my first tattoo today . 3 . I am leaving in less than a week ! 
thinks that < PROPFEMALE > Bohac , < PROPFEMALE > Barnett , and < PROPFEMALE > Barnett are AMAZING !!!! 
should be packing instead of facebooking .... 
is back from England already . If you wanna know why , read my note . Everything is explained in there so I don't have to explain it anymore .... 
is in Pullman after four days in Hood River ... then a day or two after she gets back is going to Vegas for a week .... soooooooo much fucking traveling .... 
is in Vegas finally ! 
just happened to be laughing really hard and managed to throw her head back and slam it into the wall ..... this proves that I am in fact a winner . 
is going stargazing tonight ! 
can only stay on facebook and stalk people for so long ..... 
hates it when you make semi-plans with someone the day before , and then when you text them to see if it's still even happening , and they never respond . Especially when you decide to look cute that day . 
looked super cute today and the only people who got to enjoy it was my mom and Ginger ..... it felt incredibly pointless . 
It's friday night , and I'm on facebook . This is how winners spend their Friday nights . 
fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck . 
loves looking at old pictures on here and reading all the comments . It's very entertaining ... 
is determined to finish watching the rest of Glee with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > before the premier on Tuesday night . 
can't think of what to put here at the moment ..... 
just woke up from a three and a half hour nap ... apparently I was more tired than I thought I was .... 
is SOOOOO excited for the Britany/Brittney episode of GLEE next week !!!! Ohmygod ! 
has an interview tomorrow at 11 !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
got the job . Now she just needs to go and take the UA tomorrow morning . 
wants your mom . 
don't be a little bitch with your chit chat , just show me where your dicks at . 
finally has internet at the house !!!!! 
shiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiit . 
What do you call a gay dinosaur ? \ 
Mega-saur-ass ! 
is trying to figure out why my mother's computer is being so retarded . 
was contemplating being a vindictive bitch , but has decided it would be better if she just didn't .... 
confusing confusion . Tryin to get shit figured out .................... 
fuck fuck fuck fuck fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck . 
loves her little wifey soooooo much !!!! She spoils like you wouldn't believe ! 
why does the internet have to be running so slow today ? 
mmmmmmmm . I love me some nog . :) 
is feeling mildly depressed for some reason ... 
snoooooooowwwwwww ! 
Okay , so I'm not a girl not yet a woman popped up on my iPod . Gotta admit , I really couldn't resist power fisting throughout the whole thing .... awesome , I know . 
more snooooooooooowwwwwwwwwww !!!!!! 
Is trying to figure out where all of this snow is coming from ... 
finally got her computer back !!!! I forgot how much I missed this thing .... 
stupid stupid stupidness . 
is pretty sure that The Land Before Time has some very racist connotations in the beginning of it . 
is starting to get a little pissed off . 
is at the new house . Just gotta move my bed and the rest of my clothes . 
is finally getting to really check her facebook . It's been a while . 
is listening to music rather loudly so she doesn't have to deal with listening to her roomates . Gross ! 
Is pretty excited about tomorrow . Possibly the reason that sleep just isn't happening ? I think so . 
didn't get much sleep last night . He might actually be perfect ... 
Gush gush gush gush guuuuuush !!!!! 
Finally everything is just starting to feel ... right . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas !!!!!! 
Lets see how creative my Facebook friends are ... Leave me a 1-word comment that best describes me using the THIRD letter of your FIRST name ... It can only be 1 word ... Then copy and paste this to your wall so I can leave a word about you ... Don't just post a word and not copy ... That's no fun . 
has discovered that she loves 30 Rock . 
is pretty sure that Captain Planet is the reason for her inner hippie . 
SNOOOOOOOWWWWW !!!! 
Has anyone's \Memorable Stories\ " popped up on the sidebar ? I'm only now beginning to realize how lame I am .... sad day ... " 
has an interview tomorrow !!! 
Wine headache . yaaaay . :( 
One more year . Only one ! 
got the job !!!! 
has the house all to herself tonight ..... 
thinks that everyone should come to Through the Woods tonight at 7:30 at the College . 
thinks it may be time for some more Assassins Creed ... 
Is sick of the goddamn fucking bullshit . Sick of the lies . 
Is wondering what happened to platonic friendships . Seriously , why is it that , if you're single and a friend of the opposite sex wants to < PROPFEMALE > out , they try to have sex with you ? Can't you just < PROPFEMALE > out , to < PROPFEMALE > out ? 
is wondering how it's possible to spend so much time on reddit ..... ridiculous ... 
