hey anyone volunteer to keep me busy till school starts im gonna go insane ... oh well there's always the imaginary world of fiction 

can now oficially drive solo finaly 
have you ever tried to laugh without smiling it is really amusing LOL 
has not only got her licence she has now officialy recked her first car , no work for a couple of days ... ( sigh ) 
phone is competly dead i feel so disconnected i hope to see alot of people at the youth mass 
it is a pretty bad reflection on the hospital you went to when you find a peice of glass in your hand 4 weeks after the accident 
who else is just wishing we had a cuple more weeks i want to go back but i dont want it to be the begining of the end im not ready 
have been having decent days but i just can't be happy i need someone to take me away and make me smile just because he wants to ... he's good like that 
life is like a rulett wheel but as log as ther is more good than bad on your wheel then the odds are in your favor 
is lovin the break , I think I was starting to lose my self but now that I have my first application in I'm not that scared any more I can go back to being happy and singing all the time =-O ? 
why do all the small tragedies in a life seem to happen at once . even I can't be happy with the wieght of the world on my shoulders . but i know there is love around me and Ill make it through ... eventually 
so I am left alone here in this house with my grandmas empty room and when I went to say good bye to my friends I got locked out of my own house so .. I had to break down the door but while I was outside looking for an alternative in my bare feet , I sliced open my toe but because it was so COLD ! I didnt notice until I was all the way across my house and had bled every where . to top it all off I miss David ... bad day 
why is he always right even when he dosn't want to be . 
why is life hard ? why are people confusing ? why do I have no power ? why don't they trust me ? why do I ache ? why can't things just go back to the way they were before my world turned upside down ? why can't I be normal ? for a moment I would love to be normal . being me just dosn't seem good enough anymore 
back home finaly not much to do though some one save me please 
is anyone else sick from eating the food at last knights youthmass ? I'm trying to find the cause of my sudden sickness . 
I wish people would stop asking for a snow day . we just got back don't you want to get started . if you ALL hate school so much don't you just want to get it over with . I love school so much I never want to grow up . 
=-) 
white 
if you are there , I want you too know everything is going to be ok . 
nothing in life is for certain until you are dead , and even then i'm sure God makes exceptions ... why can't it all stay in one place for more than a minute . even when we are sitting still we are hurtling forward and there is nothing we can do to stop it . 
you know I love school but i hate homework can anyone just give me school with out the homework ? 
i have been on facebook way too many times , I need a life ... anyone got a spare ? 
is me 
it's like trying to < PROPFEMALE > ice when your hands are on fire it dosen't work . at least I know that now before all the ice is gone . all I can say is I tried . 
I keep telling my self it will get bettter , easier , but what if I'm wrong . :-) ce la vie or so I have heard . 
homecoming was amazing i could have dance all night even those wierdos were amusing , very flattering if they hadden't been so immature LOL 
go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , and paste this as your status and the FIRST entry for your name under comments . 
this week is like a kick in the buttt and a punch in the face after a trip in the hall . If the weekend isn't better I promise I will scream and it will be scary . 
well I havn't screamed yet but to day has to basically be amazing to turn around this week . my new week dosn't start till tomarro with a fun day at school and leaving 4 retreat :-) 
im back from retreat and everyone will be happy to hear I am happy again loving life and laughing the whole way I am ready to live again and be the optimist you met me as . 
you know , 1 foot of snow isn't so pretty when you are trampled by your 150 lb dog ... repeatedly 
is wonderin about alot of things and it looks like I'll just have to keep wonderin cause I have no right to ASK for clarification . 
two months since that , and one month since this , not that I'm counting , not at all . Just merely observing because thats what I do . 
daddy daughter dance TONIGHT we are going to have so much fun everyone should be jealouscause I've got the best daddy in the world . 
just finished my 7 < PROPFEMALE > research paper first draft and it only took me 5 hous plus distractions . I am so happy I could dance . 
I'm starting to get mad at Mrs schaffer first I almost can't get on the team cause i don't have the money for the uniform now that I have all of the money in and am set there is a MANDATORY meeting after school wednessday when I am going to be on a bus on my way to DISNEY WORLD . I got this e-mail today . 
is happy to be a part of this wonderful thing called life . 
now everyone who wittnessed the day knows that Assumption choir rules ALL . heres to an amazing time and best in show and gold and silver Mickeys . we are just that good . 
\just when I'm about to hit my highest something pulls me back to the ground but no need to worry it dosn't mean I forgot how to fly \"-- some quote person " 
once again I cannot make it to football because of homework . I have lost hope in being able to tryout so I'll just let it go . at least I'll be able to stand on the field . it's not worth the trouble and the tears life goes on . 
lifes not fair and thats a fact but it sure must one intense game to keep me coming back for more any way . 
goin to hanover tomarro over night and then the next day my audition I'm so nervous . plus I promised myself I would decide after this visit . hanover or bellarmine why can't the decision be easy . this is harder than finding a prom dress . 
Hanover was absolutly amazing I really think it will be a good choice to go there . I will wait for my results and then see . 
Opportunity dances with those who are already on the dance floor . H . < PROPMALE > Brown Jr. 
lonliness is almost tangible when it's only you in a house built for ten or more . 
just got a letter :-) and I am going to get paid 1,300 dollars A Year by hanover to .......... SING . 
Psych with Wilkins is the only reason I will be happy to graduate AHS ... so close but I don't want it to end either . 
happy spring break every one !!!! please be safe where ever you are and If you need me you know where to find me :-) 
gettin ready for a week of work . every day but tuseday day 2-10 . My friends are elsewhere for a while ... oh well at least I have my fictional friends . 
FRIENDS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I believe this is the first break that I will not be absolutly extatic to get back to school I am still excited but I could have used a little more break in my spring break 
I'll see ya'll tomarow it's goin to be a lovely day :-D 
pain , pain go away , never come again to stay . I just want to have my say . pain , pain go away ... is there anyone who would particularly enjoy punching me in the gut because that might be an improvement ... not even kidding . 
eyes are a key point in revieling a personality , pay attention next time see what you come up with . not just the color but the shape , activity , depth , lighting , variety , solidity , shadows . see what you can find . 
\if you expect nothing from the world and those in it then you will never be disappointed . \ " I know this sounds bad but just try and prove it wrong and see how depressing that is . " 
i noticed that no one knows how to handle me when I am angry , they just say < PROPFEMALE > cool it and expect every thing to be alright , and it will be eventually but thats not the point . I don't get mad for my benifit . if my reason seems not good enough , look again because you are wrong . 
STOP I'm not ready !!!!!!!!! 
IF your brave !... copy this into your status and see what people rate you . 1 : Crazy . 2 : I'd marry you . 3 Talkative . 4 : Sarcastic . 5 : Loveable . 6 : Clubhead . 7 : Moody . 8 Dumb . 9 : Spoiled . 10 : Mouthy . 11 : Random . 12 : Hot . 13 : Funny 14 : fit . 15 : Amazing . 16 : Beautiful . 17 : Cute . 18 : Rude ... Rate me :) 
extreme weather makes me smile . getting soaked one day sun bathing the next . retreat was great and just what I needed to get through the next two weeks . 
... or so I thought . 
I view the summer with increacing dread . i will be working 40 hours a week after only working 16 a week all school year . I just don't seem to have the stamina I used to have . I guess I traded my some of my optimism for the ability to be jelous because i am feeling that intensly for the first time . 
alright class of 2010 start saying those goodbyes because you never know when the last time is really the last time . the big 10 is gonna go out with a bang . 
I'M NOT READY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
close your eyes and all problems will disappear . Prom is tomorro and I have the directions so I wont get lost , all day to relax on my hammock , the hair appointment so I will be gorgeous , the boutinear 4 my date , and the most amazin dress and shoes made by God especially 4 me . LIFE IS GOOD . 
happy mothersday to all you mothers out there . take advantage of this day because this is even more important that your birthday . this sets you apart from Men , children , nuns , and all those other people who aren't mothers . you are a mother and you are speciall . 
\you may be right ... I may be crazy . but it just might be a LUNATIC you're lookin for . \"" 
i wrestled with my 5 ft tall dog today and he got a blody nose i guess that means I win . 
none of us are completly sane . think about it have you ever truly met a fully \normal\ " person . the world tries to separate us in to sane and crazy but truly there is only those who love themselves as is and those striving for the perceived perfection . " 
well we are so close I can see the end one event down 2 to go . letters ( and checks ) in the mail and every one so proud . and all I can think is am I really ready for this ? 
is graduation . the third time in the same dress that I have never worn before . third time in a line that that never really works . third program to keep forever . third location MY class will be saying good bye to eachother and to highschool forever for the last time . 
is in nomans land between ahs rocket and a hanovarian . time to just keep swimming . 
I'm thinking about dying my hair auburn again . any opinions on a yes , no , or shade ? 
is amused 
not nearly long enough but the begining of the healing process . finaly I have goten my greatest wish and fear resolved . 
is now temporarily a red head . 
no rain tomorwo please i have a date with the sun , my hammok , and a great book . 
I just realised that tomorrow is national hug day and I don't even have work . If someone does not get me out of this house I will spend the entire day huging my dog ! 
well national hug day is almost over and I have not phisically huged anyone out side my family and < PROPMALE > . but thank you for the few electronic hugs I got today the sentiment was truly apriciated . :-) 
well I was going to pick up another book from the library but no dad I would rather be trapt here with no way to the outside world ... thanks 
finnaly I get out of the house , YAY 9-5 , its gonna b a long day . 
as soon as I got home from work the boys insisted I take them down to creek . I am glad they did . I frogot how beautiful it was down there , very soothing with my feet in the water reminds me of happier , simpler times . 
how does the world expect us to express ourselves with these plain black letters lined up left to right jumbled together to form meaning . even hanwriting is more expressive than this electronic world . sometimes you might not even know I am exclaiming this till the end when I ! 
feeling invisible and unheard . people just keep talking like I am not saying anything . it's not the first time . 
since it is positive status day I would just like to say how HAPPY I am that I sprained my ankle once again while doing a completly meaningless task . i love you cruches ! 
today has been one of those days I just wanted to sit down and cry in the middle of McDonald's . I need a hug . BAD ! 
my fiction is getting jealous of the fantasy fiction and romance books I have been checking out at the library , but I told it not to worry . they will only be around for a while but it will be on my shelf forever . 
just came from hanover orientation . we got our ID pictures taken and my hair looks auburn and blond striped and that would be great if it weren't HORIZONTALY STRIPED . stupid lighting 
well my left eye is almost completly swolen shut with no visible reason as to why . no alergies , no bugbites , no bruising , just randomness like every other pain in my body , this is the second time this has happened , anyone got any ideas . 
thank you to everyone for the birthday wishes . it was a perty good day . 
did my birthday wish come true ?... if so that was a rip off . I demand a redo . 
if anyone wants to contact me try my phone . I will be in the mountains all week so I don't know if you can contact me . I will get back to you when I can . 
I'm back , I work , I play , then I am off again . 
ILL BE COMPLETELY HONEST FOR 24 HOURS , you can ask me one question ( only in my inbox ) Any question no matter how random or weird it is , & I will answer no matter what . You have my FULL honesty , but I DARE you to put this as your status & see what questions you get . 
I have gotta stop telling people the whole sob story after the complicated answer all they really want to hear is \I am fine how are you ? \ " so if any one wants to know . I am just super fine and dandy ! :-D " 
finaly took the time to go and get my licence . fill out the < PROPFEMALE > piece of paper , pay 7 bucks , sit . I am not happy about my picture I din't think about getting a new picture so I look horrible . 
hello 
giggle . 
just got home from an independence day party . watching the fireworks made me think that I like watching the stars better . they are much quieter and you never know when you are going to see one shoot across the sky . 
well that was two fireworks shows one at home another on the fourth at markland park niether succeded in being more beautiful than a clear night sky . 
poetry is nothing with out the emotion behind it . like a person it screams to be heard in the tiniests of wispers . listen to the poetry of actions and expressions they will lead you to the truth , even when hiden . 
just can't wait for school to start so I can be part of somthing again , because right now I am just waiting for life to happen . 
siting at work on my new lap top wasting time cause the sent me home 3 1/2 hours early and I don't feel like going home and wasting time there . i'l probly be here another hour just cause 
look at me . what you see is what you get but what you get depends on how good your eyes are . so look again . are you sure of what you see ? 
WANTED : A really big hug , strong enough to make me forget all pain , tender enough to heal , big enough to block out all emotinal attack , and long enough to feel like it could last forever . ( as soon as possible please ) 
well I couldn't miss positive status day . which always seems to fall on days and weeks that arent so good but , My positive thought is I get to meet my room mate < PROPFIRST > Schmitz and that is going to be amazing 
God does wonderful things for those who are in need of of his help . 
Children with special needs don't have an illness , so there is no cure and it's not contagious . They want what we all want - to be accepted . \ 
Most of you probably won't copy and paste this , but will you do it and leave it on your status for at least an hour ? It's special education\ 
week , and this is in honor of all the kids who need a little extra help and understanding . Thank you 
How many of us really know everybody on our facebook friend list ?? Here's a task for you ... I want all my facebook friends to post how you met me . After your comment , copy this to your status . You'll be amazed at the responses you get . ~ This could be fun ! ~ 
I owe so many people hugs that after i am gone You will find your self floating and a overwhelming feeling of peace will overcome you and you will know . it's a < PROPFEMALE > hug . I will be your gaurdian Angel forever . 
I just want to rest and let time pass me bye but then who knows how much I will miss . 
I like it on the floor . 
\giggle\ " ......... What ? I didn't say anything . 0 =-) " 
don't question life . the only answer it will give you is to turn around and give you a hug and then smack you in the face . 
goin to see a movie with my little sis . just me and < PROPFEMALE > no boys !!!!!!!! not much time left ... they are really going to miss me(sigh ) . 
\thats right just go on and laugh . try laughing when you don't have a nose . \"" 
I can't wait to leave but I don't want to go . I don't feel like an adult but I am older than you . Why can't I just enjoy this week for what it is , my last week at home . 
Alright I am ready , to jump forward , to stand . the question is . Is anyone ready for me ? 
helllo HANOVER . I think we are going to get along just fine :-) 
Well I know this is where I belong . Now I just have to figure out where I fit . 
synced their Myspace account to Facebook http://lnk.ms/0WBg6 
I don't think people quite know what to think when they look at me . oh well they'll get used to it . 
sometimes I wish I weren't the way I am but then I probly wouldnt be able to live with myself so then I am content again and go on living my life . 
well now that I am signed up for rugby club , service organisations , and extream choir I think everything is just going to fall into place . 
I am running blindly down a hallway how many times will I fall before my sight returns , and who will sing with me to ease my mind . 
You may be right . I may be crazy , but it just might be a lunatic you're looking for . 
I LOVE PHILOSOPHY . since phiosphy is the love of wisdom I love loving wisdom . keep asking questions for inquisitive sake . 
\I will be your light in the darkness but when the world is bright will you still remember me ? \"" 
SEPTEMEBER\ 
IS CANCER MONTH : In memory of every cancer patient , family member , and \ 
friend who has lost their battle with cancer , and in honor of those who \ 
continue to conquer it ! Put this up for 1 hour if you love someone who \ 
has or had cancer . Many won't copy and paste , I did . Will you ? 
well I would play rugby if they were ever still practicing by the time I got away from choir . better luck next week I guess . oh well at least I get to see my mom and < PROPFEMALE > tomorro 
well I had an amazing day , could have ended better but then benedryl is not usualy conductive to a fun filled evening . I am going to sleep now before I pass out . 
the more i run around like a chicken with my head cut off the less i get done but if I sit around thinking about how I am going to get it done that wastes the time I have to do it . I really need to calm down and embrace the optimist I used to be . 
' Cause everyone wants to feel like someone cares . Someone to love with my life in their hands . There`s gotta be somebody for me like that . `Cause nobody wants to do it on their own And everyone wants to know they´re not alone . 
Yay I get to go home tomorro and my dad is taking me to a truck pull !!!!! I have missed everyone sooo much . 
yay hanging with my best friends doing nothing life is smooth 
hey any one who tries to contact my phone before wednessday . It is for all functional purposes dead . so no one freak out Thanks alot :-) 
I love my mom ! she came all the way to hanover to bring me my phone charger a day early . life is good . 
what is wrong with me I can't get anything done and no matter how much sleep I get I fall asleep while doing homework . 
well it is the weekend and all I can think about is how unprepared I am for monday . it is seriously stressin me out !!!! 
alright I just found whos line is it anyway and life is AMAZING . now I just have to find someone to watch it with me at midnight whenever it comes on . 
it is now time for me to get out of my room for the first time today . if anyone wishes to find me I shall be wandering aimlessly around campus . 
my face ... is holding a revolution against me . 
Hello ! Hope your day was heavenly . 
was angry at her self all morning over french like punch the wall and throw things mad . some advice from me if you ever make me mad ( witch is unlikely ) stay away , far away . I can't get away from myself and being angry hurts double time . 
In memory of every cancer patient , family member , and friend who has lost their battle with cancer and in honor of those who CONTINUE to CONQUER it . Put this up for 1-hour if you know someone who has or had cancer . Many won't copy and paste .... I did . Will you ? Show love to those who are in the fight . 
\Life's a dance you learn as you go . Sometimes you lead some times you follow . don't worry bout ' what you don't know . Life's a dance you learn as you go . \"" 
there is always more than I thought there was by the end of the day . it is very frustrating . 
Hi I am < PROPFEMALE > . i am in my own world would you like to join me ? 
I love your _____ ????? Post this as your status and see what people love about you !!!!! 
All I want is for my head to stop hurting ! is that so much to ask ? I can handle the hot flashes of the fever and the sore throat I just want my head to stop hurting . 
can't wait till friday ! I want to be better so I can enjoy my fall break at home with my family and all my friends and just not worry about anything . two days , 4 classes , lots of medicen and 2 tests . 
why can't everythings be easy , things just falll into place . then I could see all my friends and relax the way I am supposed to on a break . I am glad to be home but I wish everything else were that simple . 
does anyone want to < PROPFEMALE > out with me ? I go back to hanover tonight and I just don't like entertaining my self . 
well I am back at hanover . I hope my friends feel free to visit when they want . I will be here . 
must share the wonderful news I am not failing french I have a C+ how great is that !!!!!!!! 
Put this as your status if you know or are related to someone killed on\ 
Alderaan when it was obliterated by the Death < PROPFEMALE > . Our wish is that \ 
people will understand that the Empire is a band of murdering scum . The \ 
Rebel Alliance wants to bring peace to the galaxy , but the Galactic \ 
Empire continues to kill innocent civilians . 93% won't ... copy/paste \ 
this . Will YOU make this your status for at least an hour ? 
why are people more willing to tolerate your faults when they know you are aware of them ? just wonderin . 
Today , as I was looking out over the river , I realised I need to stop living my life waiting for people to come tell me what to do next . I need to accept that I will probably be alone for a while and I just have to be content living for myself because for now that is all I have . 
Every person has 1000 wishes . A cancer patient only\ 
has one : to get better . I know that 97% will not post this as their \ 
status , but I know that my friends will be one of the 3% and put this as\ 
their status , at least for an hour , in honor of those who died because \ 
of cancer or are still fighting it . 
time moves differently at hanover . A day can feel like three in one but then at the end of the week you look back and ask where the time has gone . I barely have time to feel bad about something gone wrong before something pleasent interrupts me , and no matter how much I stress I know that some how it will all be ok . 
I love torential rain and winds that blow everything everywhere . it is one of my favorite favorite kinds of good weather . If I hadn't been so hungry I would have danced in it . 
DANCE PARTY IN DONNER BASEMENT !!!! yeah we are cool . 
hello I need some help could you please tell me right left or middle thank you it would be ever so helpful . ( no negative or other wise connotations I just need suggestions for directions ) 
Like\ 
my status and I'll tell you - 1 : Something I've learned about you by \ 
looking at your wall for 13 seconds . 2 : The color you remind me of . 3 : My \ 
memory of you . 4 : The animal you remind me of . 5 : Ask something I've \ 
always wondered about you . 6 : My favorite thing about you 7 : Give you a \ 
... nickname of sorts . 8 : Challenge you to post this ! 
ok so now instead of looking at your wall to wall you can look at a < PROPFEMALE > that completly compiles all the interactiion you have had with this person and it even picks a picture that you are both taged in , and all the events you have both attended and all the likes you both like . this is .... undescribable . 
DANCE like no one is watching , SING like no one is listening , LOVE like you've never been hurt , LIVE like heaven comes tomorrow . 
On this day , in 1981 , < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > Potter tragically lost their lives in one of the most infamous ' Voldemort ' killings . Re-post this status if you , or someone you know , lost someone to Voldemort . 
I want to make you smile everyday . like it is my job . and I want to be paid in hugs and laughter . just because your smile fills the room and makes everyone else smile . If you are not smileing yet you know how to reach me and I know how to make you smile ;-) 
\if all the snow flakes were < PROPFEMALE > bars and milkshakes oh what a snow that would be !! standing outside with my mouth open wide sayin AH AHAH AH AHAH AHAHAH . OH if all the snowflakes were < PROPFEMALE > bars and milkshakes ah what a snow that would be ! " 
said I would an now I have ! look at my hair !!! 
I smell gummybears and now I want some .... does anyone have gummybears ? 
i have been seeing some pretty interesting question and answer sessions going on . so why don't you ask me a question in my inbox and I will answer it as a status . sounds like fun ! 
Q : okay , what was the biggest lie you ever told to get out of trouble ??? \ 
A : I fell asleep . 
Normaly I love rain but on a freezing day that I woke up late , I am late for every class , have a spliting headache , and know I failed a french test that I studied well for , it just dosn't work for me . hopefuly choir will turn my day around ... but thats later . I promise I will be an optimist later just not right now . 
I am so glad to be home even if it's just for two days . My mom says they just don't laugh as much when I am not here . I love my crazy family !! 
after returning to college I have realised why I always cry after a visit home or from family . I am suffering from hug defficiency it is a very serious physiological disease with only one cure . 
I love to sit at the point and just litteraly be blown away by the beauty of a cloudy day . 
one more class and a conference and then i get to see my bestest friend in the whole wide world . 
I just had the sudden urge to watch veggietales any one know if they are on youtube or something ? 
I am so thankful for everyone in my life . I wouldn't be the same with out any of you and I like who I am becoming with your help . 
being a homebody isn't about never leaving home it is about taking where ever you are and making it home . 
I just hope I survive this crazy game of humans vs . zombies . I feel like I am always looking over my shoulder it is kinda exhilerating . havent been out of my room since 11:30 though , just cause I had no reason to . you zombies better watch out I am ready for you ! 
Change your FB profile to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To not see a human face on FB til Monday , Dec . 6th . Join the fight against child abuse . Copy and paste to your status to invite friends to do the same . 
< PROPFEMALE > 
does any one want to come and force me to do my french project because I really don't want to and I don't have that option . 
22 . I miss your dazzling smile that preceeds your no nonscense stances on everything . you are a girl who will not be pushed over and I know I can < PROPFEMALE > on you just as you can < PROPFEMALE > on me . ( even if it is just to get in to your rediculas prom dress LOL ) I miss you < PROPFEMALE > much and I am glad you are part of my life . 
007 . Cute is the word for you girl . I miss working with you because you make me smile that smile that is my trade < PROPFIRST > . I promis to visit md's soon so I can give you a big hug . 
it is a good thing that monday is hug a stressed college student day becase I will deffinatly need it . 
christmas concert !!! come and watch us make beautiful music . 5 pm at the cfa . if you are on campus it is just a short walk . 
1928 you are one of the smartest people I know . while also being the happiest pessimist I know . you are hard working and hate to let people down . you have the purest soul and you are sooo beautiful through and through . thankyou for putting up with me and my goofyness . 
no stress . I will just take it one day at a time . I don't want it to be over because I can never get this day back again . 
The night after classes end and I can think of nothing better to do than call it an early night and consult my personal library . 
I am sorry it's not you it is me . I really do love you rain but this is just not going to work out . I am in love snow now . 
Over the ground lies a mantle of white , A heaven of diamonds shine down through the night , Two hearts are thrillin ' In spite of the chill in the weather . 
it is national hug a stressed college student day ! so get ready to make every one feel just a little bit better with a HUG ! 
this day has not started out the best so because my next final is not till 7 I am going back to bed and starting over . I will see everyone on second tuseday ! :-) 
putting together my teaching portfolio makes me feel like I am headed in the right direction with my life :-) ... and I like that feeling . 
it is nice to be home and I can actually settle in and feel like I live here ... it feels nice :-) 
What makes me feel like christmas is seeing the snow outside and making all the christmas cookies and bars that babu would make every year and send to us . cookies are < PROPFEMALE > good . 
< PROPFEMALE > christmas to you and yours . the new year is almost upon us . 
I have been inspired by < PROPFEMALE > I am going to go to the very begining of my news feed and see what my first status was . 
4 more days at home then back to school . I will be happy to be there , but i feel like I need some more lazy time ; because I am going to attempt to do even better this symester with grades taking care of myself and earning money . all that means I just won't have time to be lazy . 
