does not like waiting . 

is a little tired today . 
may be a little bit over all of the rain . 
just paid all of his bills ; dislikes the depletion of his discretionary income as a result . 
thinks that today may be a good day to stay in the office rather than go out in the field ... damn . 
has one small detail holding up finalizing a big project ; is miffed said detail is still forthcoming . 
is sore from carrying 5 gallon buckets yesterday . 
is feeling a little bit drained after being incredibly productive all morning . 
is dehydrated . 
is astonished how quickly today has gone by . 
is glad that he has his PC back up and working , $300 later . GiffTor also recommends the BestBuy on N . Michigan Road since the GeekSquad guy worked on his computer for 45 minutes and didn't charge him . 
is cooking dinner ; says LG can SUCKIT . 
is transitioning from being in the field to examining a confidentiality and invention assignment agreement . 
is exhausted . 
is going to bed early tonight . 
spilled coffee on his shirt before he even got into work this morning ... and no one has a Tide pen . 
can figure maths out on his own for the price of a headache ; feels vindicated regarding his high-school < PROPMALE > year assertion that math homework was pointless if he understood the concept . 
feels a little bit on the crappy side . 
does not like cuffed trousers . Period . 
is going to b-town and working outside instead of staying in the office all FRIDAY . 
is digging through a rather large stack of documents . 
isn't sure how he feels about this July , weather-wise . 
has a { > } caffeine headache but is not leaving work until this year-long project is DONE . 
bought a new , black belt today ; was unaware new , black belt imbued with +5 sneak/-5 strength . 
is going cross-eyed reading a conference committee report . 
thinks that the City of Indianapolis needs more detailed mapping software . 
seems to be incapable of keeping his desk neat ; thinks that a clean desk may be a sign of a deranged mind or not enough billable work . 
is off balance . 
is having a slow day . 
is working from home and surprisingly , is being productive . 
is a little bit sore . 
is going to get some sleep . 
forgot his cell phone ( at home ) this morning . 
is looking forward to seeing Much Ado About Nothing and ( potentially ) DMB on Saturday . 
says congrats to SB on finishing the Bar . 
had a very disturbing ( odd ) dream last night ; is glad work is absorbing today . 
is thinking about how odd it is that when you're learning a new skill by doing it yourself the first time , it seems complicated and overwhelming and then , a year later , it's routine and a breeze . ( I'm waiting for a year from now . ) 
is going to bed . 
feels like he got hit by a truck ; is going back for more Krav tonight . 
is in to work early only to find out that everyone on the list of calls he has to make this morning is on Central time . 
is doing Krav + Kickball tonight . 
is doing Krav + Kickball tonight ( addendum : after studying for the MPRE ) . 
is exhausted , happy . 
is sore , looking forward to District 9 . 
laid out by the pool with a gorgeous woman ; has two parties to go to tonight . 
is going to get lunch with a friend . 
is going to bed ; had a long day , has an early morning , long drive , and probably a long 3 or 4 days ahead of him . Hooray for the Region . 
smiles . 
slept with his contacts in , is debating going to the doctor about his arm , has a clean car . 
is at the office briefly on a Sunday ; had a great day with his lady . 
is sad about Marley Dogg , going to the Dr. to have his arm looked at . 
sprained his wrist ; is typing with one hand and a pseudopod . 
just got his first ASTM Phase I Assessment as his own project ! 
is learning about Wisconsin's Dry Cleaner Environmental Response Fund ; thinks WDNR is full of it in its current position . 
had a VERY interesting lunch hour + 
LIKELY has 2 extra 50 yard line suite seats for tonight's colts/eagles preseason if anyone is interested 
is scouring a letter to eliminate any language that COULD be construed to modify/create contractual obligations . 
is going to split early if he doesn't find some more work to do . 
just took a broken Dremel apart , thinks he can fix it with judicious application of a hammer , super-hard resin . 
is reading a little before bed . 
is going to the ' nati on Thursday/Friday for work . 
is going to Hooters . 
is prepping for Cincinnati 
wonders : What if Sen. Kennedy DOESN'T rest in peace and comes back as a zombie ? Will he be looking for BRAAAAINS since he had a brain tumor ? Or does dying of brain cancer preclude zombification since , you know , you kill zombies by destroying their brains ? 
is going to be a little bit irritated if his rental car ( blech ) isn't a 275 hp turbocharged six speed that gets 28 mpg . Just saying . 
is home , thinking about taking a shower until the hot water runs out . 
took his long shower , now he's going to bed early on a Friday . Tomorrow might involve looking for grey hair . 
thinks that his study should magically clean itself . 
had a marathon day yesterday . 
is at work , using his powers for good , figuring out how to defeat a tight-fisted insurance carrier . 
triumphed over the forces of evil today ; has to make a last-minute trip to Cincinnati tomorrow , is unhappy about new rental-car-for-out-of-town-trips-instead-of-billable-miles bullshit . 
drove 315 < PROPMALE > today for work ; thinks summer being more-or-less over sucks . 
is bleary today , thinks pollen may have something to do with it . 
has soccer practice tonight , is glad tomorrow is Friday , is looking forward to seeing his girl . 
wonders what the productivity drop is before a 3 day weekend is , in billions of dollars ; is continuing his search through a 0000 sea of digital files for a bloody glove , smoking gun , and male models on the grassy knoll . 
is testing tomorrow . 
just got done doing level one testing for Krav Maga , feels like a train hit him . Is going to soak in bathtub with epsom salt , < PROPMALE > out ibuprofein , drink a beer . 
feels like he got hit by a truck . 
family , laundry and ironing , church , finally cooking dinner ; all brought to you by Advil . 
has his very own project ; is excited about being the lead . 
is going to watch the first Monday game of the season ; < PROPMALE > is my QB , don't judge me . 
watched Once Upon A Time In the West late last night ; had his socks blown off . 
felt like pinstripes today . 
is looking forward to soccer practice tonight ; likes Sahm park better than < PROPFIRST > . 
was looking forward to soccer practice tonight ; found out it was rescheduled to tomorrow , may go to Krav , may finish laundry . 
watched Coraline , likes texting . 
is going to see the Fuglees tonight ! 
soccer practice THEN Fuglees . 
is coughing quite a bit , enjoyed the Fuglees show immensely , thinks today is going to be pretty decent . 
is getting a substantial raise , benefits . 
is getting a substantial raise , benefits , a new title ( tbd ) 
thinks sometimes his dad is pretty smart . 
cleaned his car , did some writing , picked up his garage , ignored an obnoxious dog , and is getting ready for tonight . 
fun party at < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE>'s; I ate the hottest pepper on the planet ; did not die . Reading , going to bed . 
thinks no more morning services ; is irritated he can't wash his car ; had strange dreams and is not blaming all of them on the Ghost pepper . 
has a soccer game in < PROPFIRST > at 3 , then NFL . 
2-1 good guys + rain + landing on bruised rib but drawing the foul = AWESOME Sunday . Going to top it off with NFL + Beer . 
Best . Weekend . Ever . 
wants to know if anyone knows ( and will share the arcane knowledge ) how to diagram a sentence with parenthetical phrase attached to the subject ? 
Facebook-survey-based bet : Is it fasionably appropriate to wear a striped tie and tattersal ( grid ) pattern shirt ( as in the profile picture I just posted) ? 
[ Repost ]: Facebook-survey-based bet : Is it fasionably appropriate to wear a striped tie and tattersal ( grid ) pattern shirt ( as in the profile picture I just posted) ? 
[ Repost for the after-lunch crowd ]: Facebook-survey-based bet : Is it fasionably appropriate to wear a striped tie and tattersal ( grid ) pattern shirt ( as in the profile picture I just posted) ? ( Note : you may want to get a closer look at the subtle blue-on-white pattern if you're unsure ) . 
[ Repost for sample size :] Facebook-survey-based bet : Is it fasionably appropriate to wear a striped tie and tattersal ( grid ) pattern shirt ( as in the profile picture I just posted) ? ( Note : you may want to get a closer look at the subtle blue-on-white pattern if you're unsure ) . 
has a really busy week this week ! 
has a sore throat ; is looking at 6 projects sitting on his desk , does not know where to start . Looking forward to hitting things tonight . 
ate red meat at lunch with < PROPFIRST > , talked about nuclear power . Feeling sleepy ; still looking forward to hitting things tonight . 
would like to get home early enough this week at least once to go to the gym . 
is coughing pretty much constantly . 
is drinking boullion . 
sick 
overslept . 
is going to have a very busy ( and hopefully productive ) day today . 
gets to go out of town to the Region later this week 
has on-site portion of the first project he designed , bid and got accepted tomorrow - this is exciting to him . 
completed his on-site project ; saw a brand new baby ; is mentally preparing himself for the Region . 
just got home ; is waiting for his tires to get aligned . 
says a score of good guys - 1 ; bad guys - 0 ; officials - 1 sucks , but that score + playing with class ( aka , not diving , begging for a close call or yelling at the officials ) beats the crap out of winning and having to request a team-name change to Team DB . 
LOVES it when a client just kinda ' forgets to mention a long and varied history of environmental spills and investigations , evidence of which only arises when he's being thorough and making sure he covers all of the bases for said client . 
found out that A : Spenser loves brown sugar ; B : Sugar + dog saliva = syrup ; and C : no matter how enthusiastically you scrub and regardless of the volume of chlorox cleanup you dispense , Aunt Jemima's Dog Slobber Syrup really doesn't come out of the grout between tiles . 
currently hates computers . All of them . My car runs regardless of what kind of packaging the groceries in the trunk have , the lights turn on whether I have the CD player or A/C running and it never makes me look incompetent when I'm driving it - it'd be nice if portable hard drives and computers could measure up . 
watched \Unforgiven\ " last night ; has to restrain from answering all questions with a monosyllabic snarl . " 
Hey San < PROPMALE > , want to put an environmental monitoring well on property you own ? Just fill out this 8 < PROPFEMALE > form , pay the county $250 ( plus an extra $90/3 years ) and follow the 30 < PROPFEMALE > s of regulations we've included in telling you how you have to use your own property . What's that ? Oh , ha ha , no , this doesn't include any of the State or federal regulations or procedures . 
: You know the best thing about baseball post-season ( you know , playoffs , world series , that stuff) ? It means it's football season . 
is trying to wrap things up so he can go get his hair cut , pack his bags ... and leave for his Carribean cruise . Work is not being cooperative . 
may , from time to time , act like an expert on everything ; is somewhat astonished at work when he's EXPECTED to be ( or quickly become ) an expert on things like environmental liabilities ( current and future ) affecting a multi-billion-dollar coal company ; needs 3 aspirin or 1 cocktail . 
is trying to figure out what he's doing for a halloween costume . 
is extraordinarily tired ; has no particularly good reason to be ; thinks the government-sponsored-aliens have found a way around his tin-foil hat to drain his life force . 
has plenty to do but is having a heck of a time concentrating on it ; thinks it may have something to do with a curse put on an ancestor by a disgruntled leprechaun , but can't back that up . 
is not feeling particularly ethical today , although he did have his ethics exam this morning . Perhaps that's beacuse legal rules of ethics have about as much relation to \normal\ " ethics as the Teabagging protests have to do with improving the health care system . " 
is moderately annoyed at the sun for failing to burn off the clouds , will be filing a complaint with the proper authorities . 
' s favorite word of the day is callipygian . It may be one of my favorite words , ever . Also , happy brithday to Uncle < PROPFIRST>'s Misguided Children - so badass , their continued existence is guaranteed by the Constitution . 
thinks that while beer is proof that God loves us and wants us to be happy , beer paired with beef at lunch on Friday is proof that for a brief moment , all is right with the world . 
may need to develop two or three additional personalities to deal with the various ( and only connected via his involvement ) subjects his job requires him to deal with ; wonders if he could draw multiple pay checks and count the personalities as dependents . 
has 20 minutes until he gets to [ professionally ] kick someone's ass for not doing their job ( and making him look bad ); is REALLY hoping they don't call in time . 
is utilizing legitmate puffery for fun and profit . 
Dear Baltimore Professional Football Team , The Colts left 25 years ago . You really need to get over it , especially since you pulled the same stunt on < PROPMALE > . Also - nyah ! Love , the Indianapolis COLTS . 
is now officially involved in round two of one of the largest toxic tort cases ever ; thinks that elementary school + soil heavily contaminated with lead , dioxin = bankers boxes full of dox in my trunk . 
is going to Portland , OR for work next week - woohoo , City of Roses ! 
is covertly watching the World Cup draw @ work and praying we don't end up in the Group of Death ( Brazil , < PROPFIRST > Coast , Federation ' Henri's Hand ( AKA : < PROPFEMALE > ) 
is officially ethical , according to a multiple-choice , 2-hour examination . 
is about to leave on a jet plane for Portland , Oregon ; hopes the weather is less crappy there . 
thought going on his first business trip was cool but could do without the scramble to get everything in order back in the office ; though it's nice to be busy and integral to things getting done ... I am not a mom and thus , not equipped to truly do 7 things at once . 
-> boys night . 
= Compliance Manager . 
got a new title ( Environmental Compliance Manager for EnviroForensics [ with General Counsel to come ]; Insurance Archaeologist for PolicyFind ) , full benefits , and a salary for an early Christmas bonus . 
got bored tonight , tried unsuccessfully to amputate the end of his left eff-you finger whilst making dinner , despite meticulously maintained cutlery ; is impressed with Band-Aid brand bandages adsorbtive ability . 
is not a unique and special snowflake . 
is saving the earth . You're welcome . 
is going out to buy an organic filter for his half-mask respirator . 
has been a Hoosier all of his life ; still finds 58°F with sunshine --> 30°F with snow in < 18 hours a head-spinning experience . WAY TO GO BLUE ! 
just finished listening to a 2-hour telephone seminar on insurance ; thinks probability of beer after work just climbed to near 1 ; likes being smarter than people at BigLaw , LLC . 
' s record of successfully meeting difficult deadlines under insane time constraints is still perfect ; is now collapsed bonelessly in his office chair . 
is vacillating between buying a gun and wasting some rabbits ( I can practice on Punxatawney < PROPMALE > ) and killing his dog for the 20 minute < PROPMALE > this morning ; is a little baffled by the fact that he's busy enough that he's having to delegate work to other people . 
is not convinced that property developers understand that they're supposed to conduct environmental due diligence BEFORE they purchase the property ; may/may not have magical powers in convincing the state to agree to limit its enforcement regarding said properties ; is pretty sure the state does not have its environmental priorities straight . 
has 6 more days of alcohol in the next 46 , excepting St. < PROPFIRST>'s Day . What ? It's a religious holiday . 
Some days I learn so much cool shit so fast that my head spins a little bit . I.e. : You can determine the age and source of petroleum spills using a either/or isotopic analysis and chromatographic analysis that looks not only at country of production , but REGION of the country in which the oil was produced , e.g. you can tell Shell from Exxon in the dirt 40 years after the spill . Science is awesome . 
Is getting ready to call it a day for the three day weekend ( which will most undoubtedly turn into a 1.5 day weekend and work conducted in track pants and unshowered < PROPFEMALE > . 
has a headache , is having a day where the clock isn't moving , is going to take it out on an intransigent insurance claim representative . 
put on his game face this morning , doesn't understand how AT&T can take 4 hours to send a text within its own network , will be acting as arm < PROPFEMALE > this evening . 
felt a little crappy today ; went to the gym , feels 1000% better . Feels ... assertive and confident for the first time in months . 
stayed out later than he wanted to last night , thankfully feels fine today ; is seemingly incapable of putting away his clean socks with the rest of his laundry even though it probably costs him 5 minutes in the morning trying to find a matching pair of the right color . 
wonders why new running shoes always put him in a good mood . Is it the shiny , clean surface ? The little nubs still attached to the rubber ? Or is it nothing more than the fact that I don't have to worry that when I smell something a little funky , I don't have to be paranoid that it might be my old , well-used sneakers ? 
revamped a bunch of his company's contract templates line-by-line ; is thinking about sorting out other minutia when he gets home ; is concerned there is some sort of connection between the two . 
- more contracts ? Really ? I got two B-'s in that class . 
got his Banana Republic < PROPMALE > today . Ouch . 
first springlike day , sunshine , e.e. cummings . 
Friday , I love you , especially when you're supposed to be followed by a warm saturday . 
paid bills , hit Costco ( ie : paper towell , toilet bowl cleaner and TP for the next 6 mos . ) ... now < PROPMALE > & < PROPMALE > ; loves sunshine . 
is astonished/annoyed by the fact that there are people with decision-making authority who appear to be only semi-literate ; is thinking Vegas may be on his agenda for April or May . 
2 hours on 465 between 421 and 31 . In the rain . Driving a stick . ( Goo ! ) Thank god for treadmills and beer . 
Gym . 
Sore . Glad tomorrow's friday . Was informed at work today that next Wednesday is a holy day . 
has been partially put to sleep from sorting files in order to respond to discovery and the cloudy weather ; is going to TRY and remember to set his clock ahead on Sunday so he shows up to work on time ; thinks that Friday afternoon Indians games with sunshine , hotdogs & beer can't start too soon . 
don't sound so surprised , of course I have a plan B ! ... it's when plan B doesn't work that you you know I'm probably in deep shit . 
Oh , right . Now I remember . 
Ugh . Vegas in late April , anyone ? 
is pretty pleased with being the point-man with a big , new , long-term client at work that is going to be doing business all over the country and internationally . 
the reason God invented whisky - to prevent the < PROPFEMALE > from taking over the world . 
St. < PROPFIRST>'s Day = Awesome . Day After St. < PROPFIRST>'s Day = Less Awesome . 
: sunshine , rock & roll , windows open , good friends , driving the car . It's a good day . 
' s inner cowboy ( in the form of < PROPMALE > Armstrong , strangely ) told him to ( metaphorically ) sack up . Aye aye . 
should probably check the weather report before dressing in the morning ... polo shirt & no jacket + cold rain turning to snow = no bueno . 
< PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > are cracking me up ( even if it's weird to think of my friends from elementary school as moms . ) ; feel bad being amused slightly at their expense . 
Sunshine . Dog . Looks like springtime and everything's good ... except for the goddamn squirrels . Best thing about the < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Wonka & The Chocolate Factory ? He nailed those effing tree rats for the nasty , plotting little bastards they are . 
loves dry erase boards , oranges , sunshine . 
Why does drafting contracts seem to encourage the overconsumption of coffee , aspirin and visine and make the gym followed by beer look really , really good ? 
hates facebook's little suggestions box , especially when it suggests someone with whom I share 30 friends ... and don't recognize . Wait , is that someone I knew who got marrried ? Is that someone I used to be really good friends with and forgot about ?! [ looks at picture ] Oh . Nope . No idea who that person is . Shut up , facebook . 
really tried to work up some excitement for the final four last night but ultimately just doesn't like basketball that much ; is staying in with the dog and season 2 of < PROPMALE > today . 
is feeling a little off balance today and , no , I'm not drunk . Going for a run , see if I can sort it out . 
needs to buy a pair of bicycle shorts if he's going to make riding a habit - ouch ! 
awesomely romantic/geeky thing heard today : \So I told her she was my 42 . \"" 
has been in hurry up and wait mode for two days ; suddenly has 5 days worth of work to get done in 2.25 . 
thinks that lack of sleep and a stubborn subconscious are worth integrity . 
is bummed and pleased at once - his boss wants him available to go with him to meetings at any and all times ... which means casual friday has just gone the way of the dodo . D'oh . 
Nicely done , friends . Nicely done . 
is looking forward to kicking Monday's ass and asking if Tuesday wants some , too . 
is excited to be wearing his favorite clothes : soccer shorts and a ballcap . 
30 hours and 45 minutes until the Indians ' home season opener ... I'd be even more excited if it weren't supposed to go from summer-weather to crappy spring storms and cool weather . 
Green grass on bare feet/Warm weather and frustration/Spring : soul confliction . 
just got his first real , professional article published with a distribution of something to the tune of 22,000 eyeballs . 
headed to c-bus for Chief/GP's birthdays . Looking forward to seeing the guys and the mood-enhancing drive . For the next hour , I will be an iTunes machine making drive-cds . 
just bought a new , navy blue , linnen suit . 
Just got forwarded a feedback email sent to his boss from a partner at one of the big Indy firms praising his article . Is pleasantly shocked . 
had a day ; is considering the ( hypothetical ) effects of a dry-ice bomb on the state-and-federally protected migratory songbirds who have nested directly outside of his bedroom window and feel compelled start singing as soon as the first HINT of sunlight appears over the horizon . 
just about lost it on the drive home when NPR was nothing but the pledge drive . Goddammit , I already pledged , now let me listen to my news ! 
It's friday . What do you think's on my mind , Facebook ? Beer . 
downloaded Lady Antebellum from iTunes unheard based on a recommendation . Said recommendation was unbelievably solid ; best country album ... strike that , album , period I've bought in a long time . 
Not only is < PROPMALE > the best show on television , period , < PROPFIRST > Bartowski ( Carmichael ) is a DC comics fan who won't leave < PROPFIRST > without his copy of Justice League of < PROPFEMALE > . Bad . Ass . 
is checking out for a few days . 
the ' bus for the pup . Then early bedtime upon return . 
Uncle < PROPFIRST > is on my mind , actually . Smooth sailing and calm waters , pal . 
Vote tomorrow , folks . You get to drive cars with V8 engines , eat at McDonalds , shop at Wal-Mart , and enjoy a degree of wealth unknown to any other civilization in history , so suck it up and do your goddamn duty - read about your candidates , make a decision ( I know it's hard without a value-menu ) and go vote . If you ain't bein ' shot at , it's the only voluntary job you owe your contrymen , so go do it . 
Voted . 
has had an interesting day . 
Sick day . 
is looking forward to a < PROPMALE > weekend with the family and doing some gardening for Mother's Day . 
may not be on A Mission From God , have a full tank of gas , a half a pack of cigarettes with it dark while wearing sunglasses , but does feel like that big beam of light hit him earlier today . 
< PROPFEMALE > White on SNL ... yeah , I'm staying in tonight . 
Sunshine , patio , book , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . May is great . 
Slept for 11 hours last night for some odd reason . 
has decided that today has pretty much called out for the gym since he woke up and is therefore headed in that direction . 
oh , < PROPMALE > . 
Windborne lions teeth drift , \ 
Ship gray broadsides crashing down ;\ 
Seeds , thunderstorms , spring . 
What makes a long Tuesday at work better ? Yes , that's right . The Distillery . 
\Don't do that . Ah shot people I lahk more fo ' less . \ " U.S. < PROPFIRST > Raylon Gibbons " 
wishes weekends were this time to < PROPFEMALE > out , relax , and get things done around the house instead of being busier than the work week , requiring more planning and resulting in less sleep . While he's at it , also wishes for a peace on earth , good will towards mankind , calorie free beer that tastes great , and a pony . 
You're about to go do somethin ' stupid . I can tell . You got that look . 
thinks summer needs to hurry up and get here NOW ... and none of that sissy lukewarm crap like last year , either . 
\\Attorneys : just because you're opposing counsel does not function as a good reason to be a jerk ... especially during your first communication ( and particu 
\\larly if you're covering your lack of preparation with shittyness ) 
You gotta know when to hold ' em , you gotta ' know when to fold ' em , you gotta ' know when to walk away , and when to run . 
is hanging up his hammock this weekend . Even if that requires taking it to < PROPMALE > , since he's been drafted to open the pool this weekend . Dammit . 
' s mechanic didn't tell him his brakes were about dead , so at lunch , he dropped in about a grinding noise . One of the pads is gone ; it's metal-on-metal . Set up a rental car at work , after work , drop it off , get a ride to Enterprise ( closed ) and head BACK to the shop for the car ( dropping it off in the a . m . ) . Tho ' they're eating the cost of the rotors , which is nice ... what a WONDERFUL frickin ' day . 
: Does a funeral Mass have a no-shirt , no-shoes , no Service policy , because I forgot my wing tips . 
thinks that if you're going to send out a letter on behalf of your client , on professional letterhead , for which you billed , the least you can do is some basic proof-reading , even if you don't go the extra mile to ensure that the words-strung-together-in-groups-to-make-sentences actually make SENSE . Just sayin ' . 
has been wanting to take a certain drive for years since he heard about it ; is going to do it on Saturday AFTER recovering from < PROPFIRST>'s Last Night of Freedom . Let's hear it for sunroofs and loud music drives through the country ! 
may be using the \back of the head slap\ " as a greeting this evening for one deserving individual ... and I mean a full-arm-extension-with-energy-imparting-torso-rotation back of the head slap . " 
Oooh . Blackout of the race in Indianapolis . How horrible . Izod IndyCar Series , may I introduce you to the Internet and something called \streaming video ? \"" 
may need to get rid of a body after work today . 
Shigoga ? Means big dog . No word in Sioux for horse . When the Indians saw the first ones the Spanish brought over ... they saw how it could run , < PROPFEMALE > a man through battle , become his friend for life ; they figured it had to be sacred animal\ Hidalgo . More evidence that God actually kind of likes us and dogs are the proof . " 
May have found wealthy-douchebag-a-palooza's Indy location . 
got an arm-chair-quarterback review of some work he had done that was so nit-picky that even the nits were complaining ; has decided that drafting a response and dealing with it can wait until office-time on Sunday when he's in athletic shorts and a t-shirt . 
my alarm clock is now officially dead . 
is going to watch USA v . England on Saturday come hell or high water - who's coming ? 
is considering twin hood-mounted , belt-fed , air-cooled . 30 caliber machine guns after the left-lane , right-lane idiocy this morning . 
: Just like our rebellion against the Crown , we came out with a tie caused by some English mistakes , we feel like we won , and the English feel like they lost . Well played , Team USA ! 
seen on someecards : The only thing that excites me more than watching the World Cup is getting blind drunk at 7:30 am to watch it . 
loves the weather the morning after a big storm . 
fellow soccer fans who are capable of screwing with the sound on their tvs/receivers : the god-awful vuvuzela trumpets in b-flat , which is 446.164 hertz ; drop out the 300 hertz band or , if you've got it on your receiver , the 466 and 235 hertz bands and ... viola . No more bee-hive soccer stadium . 
shortly after making fun of his dog for slipping and biting it on his way to the patio proceeded to draw blood on his forehead by bending over into a patio chair . < PROPFEMALE > is a bitch . 
I'm supposed to get work done when we have USA-Slovenia on every tv in the office ? 
Worst . Call . Ever . 
- great weekend . 
blames Taco < PROPFEMALE > , but it could have been animacules . Since I cannot see the little beasties with the naked eye , however ... damn you , Taco < PROPFEMALE > . 
can't juggle things like balls , chainsaws , or puppies , but apparently can juggle five different tasks at work simultaneously as long as there is an ample supply of aspirin . 
\Who got high and came up with THIS idea ? \"" 
: environmental lawyer working on new business formation and tax structure election = 1st year med student trying to perform open heart surgery . Hellooooo aspirin . 
Congratulations , Black Stars . You earned it . 
sometimes forgets , when he spend two days in the sun , that , in the last millennium , the 48th parallel N was the furthest south his ancestors came from until they immigrated to the US and therefore , sunscreen is a necessity . 
How many people have to die before everyone realizes that God hates mobile homes ? 
now has a flight booked to our nations capitol on July 15 , a date which re-emphasizes our commonalities with Mexico . Namely : both of our capitol cities are built upon parasite infested swamps . No offense to the Diptera family . 
Is bulemia for anorexics with comittment problems ? 
hates comma splices , lame vampire-werewolf movies , light mayonnaise , Nazis . 
\Chickens can't fly . \ " \ 
is off to blow shit up , eat red meat , and drink making-love-in-a-canoe beer all weekend as is my God-given right as a U.S. citizen . 
since we didn't get caught ... a big , bit thanks to someone who shall remain unidentified for providing the thing I needed to make this one of the best 4th of Julys ever . 
< PROPFEMALE > Kilmartin : Boys are easier than girls - girls have like 4,000 emotions . Boys have like 3 and two of them are erection related . 
\God forgives . \ " He shrugged . \ " Who am I to hold grudges ? \"" 
doesn't understand the guys dressing like thugs but carrying golf towels on their shoulders . Are they coming straight from their jobs as bathroom attendants ? Are they trying out for a semi-pro team and can't afford a sweatband ? Do they feel an undeniable need to snap their towels at people who wear belts ? 
is heading to the Shire to see < PROPMALE > and Joany off . 
Effing Spaniards . 
Amber : Okay , I have a dilemma\ 
Me : Unless it involves prison time , the answer is probably , \Yes . \ " \ 
is of the opinion that 4 hours sleep is not enough to deal with Indianapolis Municipal Code . 
24 hours until Washington , D.C. , champagne toast ( from the bottle ) to absent friends at the < PROPMALE > Memorial at < PROPFEMALE > , Yoda , Wags , < PROPFEMALE > , Wook and poor scheduling when visiting a swamp . 
Said to hell with it and paid the extra $25 for business class . TOTALLY worth it 
Miklosh : I love K street . Prostitutes sell their bodies and lobbyists sell their souls . My favorite street in DC 
Seriously loves Washington , D.C. 
Although < PROPFIRST > sucks , is no less turned off by the nation's capitol . 
has been pondering the story from the space-race days when they discovered pens wouldn't work in freefall . The U.S. developed a pen that WOULD work in freefall , the USSR used pencils . This seems like one of those existential questions that separates humanity into two camps and I'm not sure which one I'm in . Which may be an allegory for a larger debate as well . 
Has had his tent out on his patio to air out for going on two weeks now . Damn . 
Broke in to the old apartment 
is sometimes shocked at the racist BS that comes out of the mouths of people who would classify themselves as liberals - maybe they think it's different because they're not talking about African Americans ? 
ran into an old friend that he had been thinking about ; has no clue how to get a hold of them . 
Bike ride to go get the car after a night of drinking is always rough , but a flat tire . 7 < PROPMALE > from the destination sucks . Bedtime in the foreseeable future 
damn you , work-hydra . 
I'm sorry . You appear to have mistaken me for someone who gives a shit . 
dropped his wallet at the gas station this morning . Discovered that when he got a call at the office from one of the gas station clerks who had received my wallet from someone who found it in the parking lot . Said clerk then somehow tracked down my work number and called to let me know what had happened and that my wallet was safe . And THAT'S why I fall on the people are inherently good side of the argument . 
just negotiated two insurers into defending and indemnifying a client and paying us the $65K they owe us plus future costs . Game . Set . Match . 
read an old love-letter today 
pursued by a tiger , a man dives off of a < PROPMALE > , catching himself on a poorly rooted < PROPFIRST > bush . Climbing equals death-by-tiger , staying means death-by-fall . Calling out in frustration , he screams , \What do I do ? \ " and hears a response from the air : EAT THE BERRIES . * Discuss . " 
To parphrase my friend < PROPFIRST > Gill , I will fight anyone who says The Fifth Element isn't an awesome movie . 
There is no such thing as a vegan zombie . 
just returned a baby bird to its nest . Feel free to go , \Aww\ " after looking up how wrong the old wives tale is about mother birds rejecting chicks touched by humans . " 
super balls . You know , the kind you get from the non-candy coin-operated machines at the grocery store ? That's what's on my mind . 
Feels like quoting one of his Last Comic Standing champs , < PROPFIRST > Wood Jr. : We need failures in < PROPFEMALE > . They provide chicken nuggets and lap dances . 
would like to shake Chief Judge < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE>'s hand . 
Might be uncomfortable with how awesome he thinks Bear Grylls is if he and Bear Grylls weren't so secure in their collective and individual masculinities 
is actively controlling impulsive behaviour today . 
Friday the 13th this week - scary movies on Friday ? Yes , please . 
Apparently hell ( ok , ok , it could have been heaven ) was in need of a series of tubes to < PROPFEMALE > the internets and , possibly , some misappropriated funds to build a bridge from Tartarus to Oblivion . So long , Senator Stevens . 
is downloading Froyo for his Droid so he can have tethering without Verizon screwing with it ; forgot about food kept in the microwave to stay warm after serving at dinner for the second night in a row ( two separate dishes , not two days , same food - that's just gross ) . 
Misses the advice of some older men in his life who are no longer around to give it ; is thankful for the ones who are . 
Headbanging to Bohemian Rhapsody never gets old ; loves < PROPFIRST > Mayer's song \Who Says ? \"" 
Its not a mood if he's like that all the time , its called his personality ! 
just saw a rooster walking down 79th street . And no , that's not a metaphor for something . It was black and red and may have been looking to start some shit . 
Must have had some interesting dreams because apparently I gritted my teeth all night ; Sunday a.m. destress by biking ? Solid . 
Exhausted . 
Distillery after work . Thank God . 
aardvarks are on my mind . First word in the dictionary and I know nothing about them - hello National Geographic.com 
is pretty psyched to do something for his old man . Thanks , < PROPMALE > . 
Has been banging his head against a Brick Wall Issue for three days . Result : < PROPFIRST > 1 , Brick Wall Issue 0 . FTW ! 
It's 106 < PROPMALE > to Chicago , we got a full tank of gas , half a pack of cigarettes , it's dark , and we're wearing sunglasses . 
They took the bar ! They took the WHOLE DAMN BAR ! 
just realized , after 2 hours in the office on Sunday and < PROPFIRST>'s 30th birthday , that adulthood may have snuck up on him whilst he was unaware . Dammit . 
Loves playing soccer . Thanks for recruiting me , < PROPFEMALE > . 
Needs a goalie for Monday nights on the west side . Any takers ? 
- apparently , Saturday is now a work day . So much for visiting family . Thanks , unnamed client . 
Third time's supposed to be the charm , dammit . 
Fantasy draft spread out over 6 time zones . 
Annnnd ... the air conditioning at my office ( which happens to be located above a dry-cleaner ) is broken . Awesome . 
is on day 2 of the office AC being broken ( We'll have it fixed FIRST THING tomorrow morning , we promise ! ) and just found out that he got a type of black char on his face while picking up some samples that apparently is impervious to soap . Is it Vegas yet ? 
turning off the telephone and tv ; debating pulling the CAT-5 out of the back of the CPU , too . 
58 hours ' til wheels down in Sin City and it can't come fast enough . 
Tonight , < PROPFIRST > Bourdain , my culinary hero , referred to his friend , < PROPFIRST > Ripert , as \the Ripper . \ " Going to sleep giggling in a manly way . " 
Dear Subconscious , \ 
I recognize that I internalize a great deal of my stress . However , when I AM stressed , a headache from gritting/grinding my teeth while I sleep does not make things better . So , knock it off . \ 
Love , \ 
< PROPFIRST > 
Is going to Vegas for a bachelor party . I accept no responsibility for communications or postings that may occur between now and Monday . 
Mon < PROPFEMALE > Gabi , friends , wine ... and < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > are getting married in a couple of hours . Not a bad way to end Vegas ! 
Overbooked flight . No sleep . McCarran airport . Should have packed a sleeping bag . 
Needs a couple of girls to play indoor tonight on the West side - we have no subs . Any takers ? 
may very well be visiting the Prompt Med in the morning . You'd figure after 25 years of soccer , something would have happened to my knees/ankles before now . Keeping my fingers crossed that the magic of aspirin , ice and an ACE bandage does the trick , instead . 
Would like to buy Energy Secretary < PROPFEMALE > a beer or seven due to his all-round awesomeness . 
Wastin away , we're hittin ' rock bottom here ; goin down in flames it turns our it's not that bad ! 
It's starting to feel like fall . Aside from Colts games ... you can keep it . 
just got a bigger office . 
Little bit of soul searching , putting things in boxes . 
Couple of beers with The Lizzard always makes the week better ! 
< PROPMALE > , you have a problem - the Indianapolis Colts . GO HORSE ! 
\No tests on species with members capable of calculus . Simple rule . \"" 
loves the movie Mr. & Mrs. Smith . May base future relationship criteria upon potential significant other's like/dislike of this film . 
Refresher course on OSHA on Monday and driving to New Albany and back on Tuesday ? I'm trying not to jinx myself too much by asking in what other ways my week can start off with suckage . 
to hell with TGIF , I'm TJJASIFEECGTH ( thanking < PROPFIRST > Jameson & Son It's Friday , Everyone Else Can Go To Hell ) . 
Lucy : Hell no . < PROPFIRST > is his own wingman . He's fine . 
Congrats to Crider and SB and thanks for the awesome reception ! Now ... if I can only find my left shoe and tie . 
Good lord , Faith Hill is gorgeous . 
... and the word was < PROPMALE > , and the word was good . 
strong solar weather when you've got six hours of driving and want to listen to the radio SUCKS ! 
Is pretty sure that Diablo 2's item/weapon Name Generator source-code has been stolen by certain protestant churches for their naming conventions ( i.e. : Free Pentecostal Victory Tabernacle Church [ no , I didn't make that up ] , c.f. : Horrible Burning One-Handed Blade of Freezing ) . 
I'm Batman . But you can call me < PROPMALE > . - the < PROPMALE > Schneider show was outstanding tonight . 
October 6 between 9 and 10 , don't bother trying to get a hold of me . The phone will be off and the door will be locked . MYTHBUSTERS is back . 
out of the office on Monday & Tuesday and sick yesterday + half of today = working late on Friday night . FML . 
Going out with Kel and JDevl and the rest of that crew for beers and being reminded that I'm going to hit 30 before the whole lot of them . Damn whippersnappers . 
is occasionally of the opinion that his subconscious mind can feel free to go eff itself . Good time out with JDevl & Kel and the rest of the gang tonight , though ! 
is doing awesome in this ass-kicking contest despite having only one leg . 
Would love to be able to remember all of his billable activities from yesterday when the server wasn't working ; will settle for the fact that it's Friday and nearing beer-thirty . 
Confessions of Zeno and a literature conversation at the mechanic's ? Maybe it's the weather ... but good morning ! 
Embrace the life you're given . Then ... make it better . 
is well aware of the fact that it's fall but doesn't think it's necessary to rub it in with the calls for frost tonight . 
it's easy to keep a bad day in perspective when running was actually enjoyable . On the other hand , tomorrow will be awesome . Also : a big thank you to Miss Shields for the taxi service/letting me vent frustration . 
Studies show that there’s a 93 percent < PROPMALE > you’re reading this while you should be doing something else . That’s OK : The internet runs on pure , refined procrastination and you’re just doing your part to keep the packets moving . 
stayed in after the car key incident and the office . Had a good night ... and a fantastic steak . Damn , I'm good . 
Annnnnd ... I'm concussed . 
thinks that if he wears a suit and tie to work , something awesome should happen . Preferably involving international intrigue and sports cars , but will settle for ninjas or < PROPFEMALE > Fox . 
is ready for Ghost Peppers in Mr. < PROPMALE>'s Neighborhood Part II . 
just saw protestors standing ( in the rain ) outside of Planned Parenthood on his way home . [ Acerbically ]: I wonder how many of them spend that much time and effort fostering crack babies , working in battered women & children's shelters or volunteering for after-school programs designed to help underprivileged kids have a stable environment/access to tutoring . Just curious . 
Lexington tomorrow . Looking forward to my first horse races . 
Keeneland was awesome ; sunburned and Indianapolis ( the horse ) lost . But an excuse to get suited up AND tailgate ? Lexington rocks . 
is drafting independent contractor agreements today . In other news : a giant cylinder , which may have fallen from the sky , was found in the New Jersey town of < PROPMALE>'s Mill . 
Despite : A ) getting approval from the relevant municipality's sewer and street department ; B ) Ground penetrating radar ; C ) the IUPPS Call-before-you-dig hotline clearance ; and D ) no evidence on the municipality's various maps that any water line existed that : we just drilled into a water line of some sort . Dammit . I hate [ unnamed ] municipality . I really do . 
A balloo is a bear . < PROPFEMALE > shot first . 
Morning , Monday . Bring it on , I'm feeling bulletproof . 
Remembered a Far Side where the crocs have eaten some explorers & decided they're Nature's Spam . Thought about suburbia as the penultimate example of control of the environment . Thought he would not bodyboard ( ESPECIALLY after shark week ) in the Pacific during Great White Migration ( beCAUSE : you look like a frickin ' seal . ) Thought about humans ' big , big brains versus the rest of Animalia . Laughed sardonically . 
Be EXCELLENT to one another . Party on , dudes . 
Is on the Regional Steering Committe for the Annual Meeting Environmental Energy & Resources section of the ABA . Is excited . Thanks , L . 
' s mom apparently learned how to send text messages . 
I love < PROPMALE > Adams . And Halloween . 
Network's down @ work & a 178 < PROPFEMALE > environmental data summary to read on-screen since no network = no printing . Oh ! Hello , Monday ! I didn't see you there . < PROPMALE > . 
I voted today . I count . According to my sticker , anyway . Sidenote : if you're faced with no good options , like in Pike District 4 for State Representative , you can throw your vote away by not voting for anyone , voting for the Green Party candidate , like I did , or write in Big < PROPMALE > Crider . Either one works . 
58 of my friends voted and clicked the button or , like < PROPFIRST > , posted . I'm pretty sure all but 3 or 4 of them are eligible . That's about 12.5 percent . Now ... soup ! 
How serious is Hanta virus ? 
Oooh , Oooh ! An ALJ who doesn't know what the hell she's talking about ! Lawyer hat ? Check . 
Favorite animal of the day : The Inaccessible Island Rail . It lives on Inaccessible Island . It is a bird . It cannot fly . 
is , \Are you high ? \ " an appropriate response to a counter offer in contract negotiation ? " 
had the front desk guy at the gym ask him \How do you swim so fast ? \ " It took me a minute to realize he was being serious . " 
has \hey mambo\ " stuck in his head . Which would be annoying . If it weren't Friday . " 
After the SCt decision about corporate purchase of elections , should DC change its motto back to \A Capitol City\ " except swapping the \ " o\ " for an \ " a \"?" 
Shooting = Catharsis . Heading back to indy aaaand ... the pool . Shoild be stress free by Monday . 
is replanting the pots on his windowsill at work with plants that actually have a purpose in life - < PROPMALE > , oregano and possibly < PROPFEMALE > . 
spin cycle at the drycleaner downstairs at work . 
The U.S. version of Top Gear , ep . 1 : Dodge Viper SRT10 vs the AH1 Cobra attack chopper . Buzz Aldrin . It should be July 4 . < manly grunt ! > Yesssss ! 
cosmology , eschatology , string theory , singularity events and cheese . 
Had a dream last night about Australians , pork barbeque , facebook and a giant couch . No more cyber-punk novels before bed . 
is pretty sure that Samus Aran should be a feminist icon . 
\You can't judge a neighborhood based on a few bad neighbors . \ " \ " Are you kidding me ?! That's exactly how you judge a neighborhood ! \"" 
Spenser's gass . Colts ' game is DVR'ed . Aside from employing sentence fragments , finding a way to eff over the insurer who is my biggest pain in the ass at work . 
Not a bad way to start the week . Not bad at all . 
has a girl who makes him happy 
has his days :) 
Has a girl . She is awesome . That is all . 
do you know what I love ? I mean , aside from using my handbrake to drif t-t urn ? Hearing one of the guys I work with from upstate New York basically calling everyone a big < PROPFEMALE > for being late to work because of the snow . 
Last night , I dreamt that I was < PROPMALE > Belmont . That old wive's tale about dying in real life if you die in your sleep ? Not true . Even if you try it 400 times . 
Don't ask , don't tell is done . Because who cares if you're gay or straight as long as you can shoot straight ? Also , nicely done , Senator Lugar . 
< PROPFIRST > Geiger and < PROPMALE > Gamroth . I just found out that both of them have dysentary . 
I am pretty sure that no matter how old I get , dry ice is still going to be awesome . 
Just had my annual review . Was told , \We wish we had two of you . \ " Holla ! " 
Day 3 of vacation : sick . 
Way to go Horse . Message to Tennesee : ditch < PROPMALE > . Keep < PROPMALE > Fisher . He's a great coach and a class act ... and that's coming from a dedicated rival fan . 
now THAT was how lunch is supposed to be DONE . 
new tires in the morning ... right before driving in the snow to Lafayette to get private property access . What the hell kind of municipality doesn't allow the installation of monitoring wells in the public right of way ? Seriously . Do they WANT people to drink POISON ? 
the liberation of < PROPFIRST > , the molecular structure of caffeine , Tanzania , whether my coat is red or if there is a bit of orange in it and when my new keyboard gets here . I might be feeling a little ADD this morning . 
got a sweet , new keyboard and got rid of my crappy wireless one . Note to all office-supply ordering people : ordering a new keyboard for someone without consulting with them for their preference is intolerable . 
conceding defeat on wrapping something up at the end of the day on Friday . Next time - skip lunch . There is no productivity after 5:00 on Friday . 
watching @ < PROPFEMALE > Pitman get angrier and angrier at her Patriots at Wolfy's in Fishers w/ < PROPFEMALE > . 
Spent 30 minutes breaking in my new clutch ... AKA driving around the code enforcement parking lot tring to find a spot . 
just finished his first podcast . 
Is it worse if Jesus loves you but thinks you're kind of a < PROPMALE > , or if your mom loves you and thinks you're an asshole ? St. < PROPFIRST > of Hippo didn't really cover that one and I'm not sure that Freud did , either , but it's bothering me . 
Reason #12 I love Amazon.com: Me - I sent this to my cousin for her birthday and Christmas and she never got it although the USPS says they delivered it . Amazon.com CS Rep - I'm sorry to hear that . I'm shipping her a replacement right now . 
I say we bring back legalized dueling . I'm pretty sure political discourse would get a LOT more civilized in a hurry when there's the possibility that your honored colleague from the state of X might challenge you to a duel for calling him a socialist/fascist ( hey , I'm being fair and balanced here ) . 
Eff this weather ; I'm over it . 
will be in Las Vegas , < PROPFEMALE > in approximately 23 hours . 
@Frontier Airlines lack of first class ... I'd gotten spoiled w/AirTran's $60 to upgrade/no bag check fee . Fail , @Frontier Airlines , fail . 
Downloaded a craps app , listened to the Hangover soundtrack and the boys just got here . Cry , \Havok ! \"" 
Oh , my God . 
\First we're going to class it up at the Bellagio . Then we have a plan to class it way the hell down\ " - < PROPMALE >." 
McCarran Airport is the biggest piece of shit on the planet . Excepting maybe < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > . It depends on how much sleep I've had . 
This weather sucks ; I want to see my girlfriend before she leaves for DC . 
My desk is a disaster . Being the proactive individual that I am , I am going to leave it until tomorrow and go swim , instead . 
You know what Spenser ( the detective , not the dog ) did when he had a long week ? He cooked gourmet . Me too . 
And Sallah ... no camels ! 
So , the 1983 < PROPMALE > Cavaliers just had their record for longest losing streak broken ... by the 2010/2011 < PROPMALE > Cavaliers . 
Podcasting . 
Podcast last night and early morning this morning are kicking my butt . 
The flying monkeys have started early today . Happily , I brought my boomstick . ( Shop smart . Shop S mart ! ) 
Note to self : if you're cranking the oven to 550 , take the broiler pan out first , moron . 
Bought 6 longstemmed red roses w/baby's breath for < PROPFEMALE > . We went to go eat . Came back . Found 3.5 longstemmed red roses , 2 corsages . Thanks , Spenser ... you < PROPMALE > 
So , I have a bruised rib from biting it while walking the dog on Sunday , which means it's hard to take deep breaths . This wouldn't be too big of a problem , but every time I breathe into/out of a wall , I keep hearing my high-school coach < PROPMALE > yelling at me in my head . 
I love fresh carrots . They are delicious . 
talking to my favorite attorney we work with on a regular basis who is so funny that he makes talking about insurance amusing . 
Yes , we are discussing free speech and what constitutes < PROPMALE > on my podcast on Horrible Night 
I had some very bizarre dreams last night . 
Is disproportionately excited by his new trackball . 
Quote of the Day : Listen , I need you to read ... no , screw that , it'll take to long ; scan this email I just sent you and then come in my office and keep my head from exploding like a watermelon with dynamite inside of it . 
Had the entire pool to myself this morning . 
Recording The Horrible Show for Horrible Night 
Dropped 2K in the pool like I'm 20 again and it felt pretty good . Except for diving in before I'm entirely awake . That STILL sucks . 
Bear Grylls and cooking and beer and the dog . And a masculine-scented candle from @ < PROPFEMALE > Rowe 
Grandma [ w]as not the sort of person you would go to for information about her late husband's war record . Defeating the Nazis was in the same category as changing a flat tire : an untidy business that men were expected to know how to do . And not just the men of yore , the supermen of her generation ; < PROPFIRST > was expected to know about these things , too . 
If the Axis reconstituted itself tomorrow , Grandma would expect < PROPFIRST > to be suited up behind the controls of a supersonic fighter plane the day after that . And < PROPFIRST > would sooner spiral into the ground at Mach 2 than bear her tidings that he wasn't up to the job\ thinking about Gramma < PROPFEMALE > ; quoting < PROPMALE > Stephenson " 
Re-synching 4,000 songs on my phone ; fyi in case you were trying to get a hold of me 
Rapidly making notes and getting ready to record @TheHorribleShow for Horrible Night . Eating our unofficial food , @JimmyJohns . 
Got my first greenbeandelivery.com bin . Like putting my money where my mouth is . Eat it , DowAgroSciences . Er . Don't . Because it's mine . And you can't have it . 
If anyone wants to by 4GB of DDR 2 , 240 pin RAM ( across 4 sticks ) , let me know - I just swapped for 8GB . 
The headline you won't be reading : \Millions saved in Japan by good engineering and government building codes\ " . Buts it's the truth . ( from < PROPMALE > Ewing via < PROPFIRST > Gill ) " 
Psychotic sign makes compelling case against use of paper in rock-paper-scissors . : http://some.ly/hL13OK 
Anyone else get a \phone call\ " from < PROPFIRST > Ahern telling you about The 60's In Indiana ! Tonight ! On PBS ! ? " 
Disco Stuuuuu ! 
I just realized that it's the Ides of March . So much about today has suddenly been explained . 
Recording The Horrible Show for Horrible Night . Guest < PROPFEMALE > this week as we talk about game story lines important for parents who don't game to know when they've got gamer kids . 
Going to watch < PROPFIRST > Fishburne be awesome as Thurgood < PROPFIRST > . 
Office T3 line and oh-so-fancy VoIP phones are totally down . Would use Droid's tethering ; Windows requires a driver DL . D'oh! 
Is always disturbed when he crosses the Tippacanoe County line and the existence of geological features above the horizon completely ceases . 
Monday and Tuesday with no network/email + out of the office all day yesterday = OH MY GAWD ! 
recording The Horrible Show with Horrible Night ; talking about Fat , Ugly or Slutty and poor online behavior ... and how to fix it ? 
Eye is bothering me . Not liking it . Or wearing glasses . 
Sir < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > is the deadliest sonovabitch in space . 
Love the thunderstorms and being able to wear linen . Less excited about the whole \Monday\ " thing . " 
