Why isn't it warm and < PROPFEMALE > ? 

Waiting for tonight 
I have fallen down to my knee's , for I have been conquered , but the only thing for the conquered to do is to get up and keep fighting , and I shall keep fighting . 
You know what , I'm going with what I said yesterday and by the way I actually made that up , it suprised even me , but oh well I am better now , it will still be there but I'm better . ; ) Thanks 
Empty 
Songs discribe life , thats why I like music . 
Woohoo , I'll be in Sturgis this time next week . Can't wait . : ) 
I'm sick , I don't eat , I don't sleep , but I'm trying to get better but I'm not sure if I ever will . 
Woo , I ran 3 < PROPMALE > yesterday and did 100 push-ups after , damn I feel good . 
Well everyone college starts for me this Monday and I am a little excited , woo ! ; ) 
Thank you ! 
Is happy he now has a laptop and school is also great . 
For once in my life i have freakin fast internet and it fuckin rocks 
Good day at school 
Green Grass and High Tides Forever ! 
Done for the day 
Tired its been a long day : / 
I beat some kid at pool and he plays in a league 
FML , I've got nothing . 
Trying is the first step to failure , but if you never try you will never know what was possible . 
Roll the dice , every soul's gotta price 
I'm in a very good mood today 
learning to play some music on the guitar 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > by < PROPFIRST > Avalon is a good song 
Another day and another good mood I'm on a roll 
Long day but can't complain I'm still alive . 
Sadness strikes everyone sometime , but the time its with you varies , I thought that I was ok but I'm not that sure anymore . 
Songs by Journey help though 
Another day of nothingness 
I don't know what I'm doing 
I fall down , I get up again , I fall down , and the only thing to do is get up again and keep on rollin on . 
I now work at Walmart 
I now work at a larger Maynards , called Walmart 
Ok scratch those last remarks I'm fine . 
Fun day school was good 
I think I'm Paranoid 
It is a good day ! ; ) 
Feelin good waitin for the weekend 
It's been a very good day at school classes done and I'm looking at a three day weekend , I should be home by one o'clock tomorrow and I'm expecting a good game cause nothings better than a school rivalry game . 
Good Day ! 
I miss life cause I don't have one anymore in fact I got nothin . : / 
I think somethings missing but I'm not quite sure 
Missing .......... unknown . 
Almost time for work 
I only hope . 
Waiting on the sun 
Waitng for something ........................................ not sure when , where , or what though . So I'll keep on waiting . 
Tired of fighting with myself 
Looking for something thats not there ............... not sure if its my soul or my heart . 
Waiting for something , anything really . 
I just need to live 
My soul's inside out 
Counting days till I find myself again ............. there are fewer now and thats a good thing . : ) 
Awesome easy day at school don't got anything to do for the rest of it , so I'm going to listen to some Nickleback , work out , and If you want to talk to me text , call , or I'll be online all day so , its chill time . 
Wow , what I did didn't even dent the time 
good day 
puzzled ? yes puzzled 
Upset but don't worry about it I'll work it out myself 
There are two wolves fighting in every mans heart : Their names , Love and Hate . 
I was blindfolded , but now I'm seeing My mind was closing , now I'm believing I finally know what just what it means to let someone in To see the side of me that no one does or ever will So if your ever lost and find yourself all alone I'd search forever just to bring you home , Here and now this I vow I'd Come For You-Nickleback 
Hell Yea ! 
Yet again I break another shock and must fix the piece although i'm sure it will break again . Also i am ....? whats the phrase ..... pissed off , yes thats it , pissed off at whats happening in my life when God Almighty knows that I did nothing wrong , nothing at all but it still feels like I'm being punished . All in all this is the third worst day in my life . Count them , think about it . 
Well , I'm working out the kinks in my life and I'm moving on to bigger and better things . 
It's something unpredictable , but in the end it's right . I hope you had the time of your life . : ) hears to life . 
Live life to the fullest , because if you don't you never know what will happen or what could have happened . So I've decided to change for the good of myself and I'm liking it so far . ; ) 
what a shitty monday i've seen turtles go by faster than today 
The Beast & The Harlot ........... HELL YEA ! 
It been a long day . : | 
Another day ..................................... another mood ................................... wonder what today will be like ? Can't wait to see how this will play out . 
work at 5 sweet working at walmart rocks 
I'm staring down the barrel of a . 45 , I'm swimming through the ashes of another life , There's no real reason to accept the way things have changed , Staring down the barrel of a . 45 
I'm staring down the barrel of a . 45 , I'm swimming through the ashes of another life , There's no real reason to accept the way things have changed , Staring down the barrel of a . 45 ; this song is my new favorite 
Well work was great but the rest of the day sucked . Walmart has the coolest people working for it , they made today better for me . 
comin home 
What an awesome day 
Woo , Shinedown ! 
The Beast is on the road once again . 
Well its been a crazy day the worst thing was losing a tire going 15 MPH and having to direct traffic through an intersection while i < PROPFIRST > the car up and < PROPMALE > goes to buy me some lug nuts and < PROPMALE > helps me get the car up , so one hell of a crazy day . 
lol and i still have to go to work later 
another good day at walmart 
The ' 79 Z28 lives and roars like its brand new , HELL YEA ! 
Well going to see the security officer to see if anyone f**ked with my car while it was in the parking lot up here because there is no way all 5 lug nuts can fall off at the same time , right ? 
There is nothing they can do to help me 
Tired and have nothing to do , damn college is great ? (in a sarcarstic tone ) 
I feel like there is no need for conversation , Some questions are better left without a reason , And I would rather reveal myself than my situation , Now and then I consider , my hesitation , The more the light shines through me , I pretend to close my eyes , The more the dark consumes me , I pretend I'm burning , burning bright 
Have you ever had one of those days where things seem fine but everything is actually going wrong , well for me today is one of those days and it doesn't want to end . : | 
First i get a power steering leak then antifreeze starts coming from no where what is happening top my poor car , WTF ? Oye , today sucks . 
It's one of those shoot yourself days ............. but don't worry I choose LIFE ! :D 
I'm gonna go get in a fight now I just have the need to kick the shit out of someone .......... or maybe find something better to do with my time . 
Another day ............................................................................................ 
Work tonight so I guess I'll miss one game this year , but hey , you gotta have money to live and I think I'll live on , anyway I love working at Wal*Mart . LOL : P 
Well workin till 11 ain't bad cause you get to talk to all the cool employees , lol oh yea 
Well , I gotta get up in the morning be at work by 9 get off at 3 then i'm coming home for a night then gotta work sunday at 3pm what a weekend wasted by the constrictions of employment , lol oh well I got stuff to pay for and a life to live 
INSANITY is brilliance , step up , stand out , rise above or fall down . You chose . 
Crazy day ....................... I'm not sure why , but it feels that way . 
I'm not blind , For my eyes are wide open and nothing gets past their gaze , I can see right through you . 
Pumped ............................. for work night shift rocks . : P WOOOOO ! 
its already tuesday 
Ripped ...................... like an old paper sack . Muahahaha . : P Good Day indeed ! 
Happy to pissed off in under a minute 
A day full of speeeding !! : ) 
Gettin ready to go to work ....... YES , I enjoy my job greatly . 
I just learned that music that makes people depressed and suicidal is country music because of the lyrics , wow did not see that one coming . 
What a day to tired to think , I'll just wait for the next day to move on with it . 
Hell is easy to make it through when your stronger than the devil . but if you let him beat you , you will never make it out with your soul . 
Feeling better , I've been saved 
Just a quick message to everyone out there don't buy a Blazer , I watched the crash test and it isn't that great , if you don't belive my look it up on youtube . 
It had better not snow tonight ... 
Woooooo , Go Vikings !!!! 
Tonight at work when i was folding mens dress pants I came across this pair that were unmarked or so I thought , and when I picked them up they were so incredibly soft that I was amazed , I was like I need these pants , then a little tag falls out of the pocket and guess what they were my exact size , its just like God wanted me to buy these pants . True story -- Kade Kjose , Walmart sales associate lol 
Well the camaro will soon be packing posi-traction . woo 
hates the way things are going , it rips open scar tissue . 
Fuck this , life is bullshit , you fall down you get up , you fall down you get up , if all I'm going to do for the rest of my life is fall down and get up again whats the point to it , I mean honestly why can't we just stay up . But I guess that would be to freakin easy , huh . 
What a boring day theres nothing to do that doesn't cost money man oh man what a world we live in . 
Oh I miss driving my camaro now I'm stuck with big ugly and thats no fun : ( 
I don't know what makes me who I am but I'm sure it has something to do with what i believe is right , wrong , and ok . So none of us will ever know what is actually right , wrong , and ok , if this world we live in is just made of opinions . So why hate and why fight about it ? 
Wow , what a great day it mybe a little cold and a little rainy but otherwise the day is perfect . : ) 
Good mood today and hey everyone who reads this needs to listen to I'm on a boat by the lonley island song is hillarious 
Hey everyone what should i be for halloween ? 
LOL , I got to drive My ' 79 today and was in the school parking lot doing cookies and it was awesome !!!! 
Woo camaro i hope i get to drive it again tomorrow it was freakin fun , burnouts and cookies all day in an open lot . Now I'm watching the Matrix . 
Can't wait for tomorrow i need a break : P 
Can't wait to get going on building a 383 stroker , hahaha 
I'm on a boat 
Man what a boring day nothing to do and I'm not going back to Sioux Falls yet 
I think that today was one of the best days in the year the weather was amazing 
Just another day welding , sanding , and speeding but man its a blast . : P 
Word to the Wise : Live life to the fullest because you never know when your last day will come . 
Trying to fnd my way back home , The old me's dead and gone , Dead and gone . 
You know there ain't no rest for the wicked ; ) 
From what I hear , Is Akron dying ? 
I get knocked down , I get up again , your never gonna keep me down , I get knocked down 
Music Saves ! 
What a kickass weekend 
May the brown camaro rest in peace for now it has no heart . 
waiting to get pulled back to reality and to get out of this land of make-believe 
In the end I'll pick myself up wipe the dust off and get back in the game of life 
Orange Crush !!! 
' Cause everything is never as it seems 
I might get a Geo Storm : P 
What kind of crazy world is this ? 
Music drives life : ) 
Back in Sioux Falls what a ride up i passed two tow trucks and the bigger one was hauling an RV , it was massive , : | 
What a day , What a day . 
stupid freakin work tomorrow : ( 
what a boring day 
FML people ..................................................... FML . 
I can't wait for tomorrow , I figure its easier to get it over with and I might as well be happy while I check people out and the day should go by fast . Woohoo ! 
Suprisingly enough i actualy like checking at Walmart i mean the time flies by so fast its bitchin ' lol 
Awesome day I wish ever day was as nice as today , perfect weather for ridin ' . 
Ha I almost got a speeding ticket yesterday 74 in a 55 and he let me off with a verbal warning , I'm one of the luckiest people I know . : P 
Camaro is going in the shop this week and i'm making sure of that 
Watchin Batman on amc and its pretty awesome 
Let it < PROPMALE > , just let it < PROPMALE > ! ( : 
The irony of life and the mystery of < PROPFIRST > 
Woo gonna go find me some tires 
......... I don't care if it hurts , I want to have control , I want a perfect body , I want a perfect soul ...... -- Radiohead 
Why do people hate me ? 
is now Fuckin ' Amazing ! : ) 
The band that makes me happy is Murder by Death there songs are simple yet amazing . : ) 
CHILLIN ! Kickin ' back eatin ice cream . : ) 
..... Cause I've got a < PROPFEMALE > ticket , I've got a < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > to make my way , And with the < PROPFEMALE > ticket it's a < PROPFEMALE > day . What a catchy tune . 
I got to ride in a brand new chevy Camaro SS and it was bitchin so I'm going to buy one 
I will within 4 years own a 2010 Camaro SS that is white with dual flat black stripes with the 6.2 Lt . V8 I promise you all . 
Wishes he didn't have to work tonight ....................... uhhh . But I need money for new Camaro so work I must . 
God my life is awesome ! 
Hoping for a great day , workin this morning . 
Rollin ' in the dough for the Camaro SS F****n ' right 
I now know how to drive a stick thanks to Mr. < PROPMALE > Morehead . : P 
Well time for work , i get to cashier today , woooo . 
When times are hard fight through the pain , Live on to see a greater day , Don't give up and live in despair , For then all hope is lost . But the good thing about losing something ....... is that you will Always find something better . 
likes music alot : ) 
Let it Be 
crankin ' tunes ! 
You say yes , I say no , You say stop , and I say go , go , go . Oh no . You say goodbye and I say hello , hello , hello . I don't know why you say goodbye when I say hello , hello , hello . I don't why you say goodbye when I say hello . 
Is it possible to run out of Beatles music ? 
everyone needs to come to the east side walmart in sioux falls on black friday to visit me at 4:30 A.M : ) WooHoo can't wait 
Living off music of the past generations . 
I'm the Wal-Mart bouncer 
I declare everyone to have a Happy Thanksgiving ! 
Got off work at 11pm last night and I just decided to stay up to go back to work at 4:30 am so bring it I can sleep later today after I get off work at 8:00 am hahaha : ) 
Wants to fuck some people up past the point of recognizability 
Sick and dying : ( 
needs a doctor or alot of drugs 
being sick is crap 
Wooooo ! Kade defeats sickness once again and only in one day , oh the wonders of orange juice and drugs . :) 
Apparently I was only temporary help for Walmart so I will no longer work there after the 11 of Dec . Oh what a shitty life I have , one thing after another . 
Walmart laid me off that sucks so hopefully I can get the job at Sears or Target 
Just guess who was an hour late to work this morning ? Lol 
This week is going to suck no time for sleep 
Well I'll be home for christmas cause I got a month long break . SWEET !!! : P 
Likes and hates snow , I want summer yet winter is fine , joining the midnight club . 
Crazy drivers up here , it makes me glad I got a new set of meats on 
Welcome to the Hotel California ........ 
Hey , If I had a nickel for every time I've ever had someone complain to me I would have somewhere around $ 3,017,983 . 45 . 
oh man 6 hours to do whatever 
I'm on a Boat 
lol only a few more days 
last actual work day for school finally 
Sleep amd before 4 a.m. haha new record for the book of Kade 
holy crap i can't believe i made it for 3 1/2 weeks no facebook or internet , getting back to the life known as school . 
Dethklok- Coffee jingle all-time favorite , I would buy that Coffee 
I belive I'm partially an insomniac 
I want to live on a yellow submarine 
Life is a journey , We need not to look back , but forward , For tomorrow is always on the horizon . 
“Laugh as much as you breathe and love as long as you live . ” -- Unknown 
I need to learn how to sleep over again cause it just doesn't work like it used to .......... 
It's something unpredictable but in the end it's right . I hope you had the time of your life . 
needs some beatles music 
now i have to wait until next year to win the super bowl : ( 
Camaro's body work is around half done and I can't wait to finish it :) 
Yea , thou I walk through the valley of the shadow of death , I will fear no evil ; for thou < PROPMALE > with me ; Thy < PROPMALE > and thy staff , they comfort me . -- Psalm 23:4 Favorite verse in the Bible 
sometimes nothin taste better than a p . b'n'j 
Im just sittin ' out here watching airplanes take off and fly 
I hate myself ...... 
Actually a fair Monday , thats awesome 
I just found out i can't even make cookies ................................. uhh , sadness :( 
Listening to my favorite country tunes 
Oh the Irony in life ! : ) lol 
.... And we're the three best friends that anybody could have .. 
The life , the love , and the < PROPFEMALE > that we all have , we need to share it with everyone , but instead we keep it to ourselves and hope that the others will make the first move in this game known as life ........ But by doing so we ruin our < PROPMALE > for < PROPFEMALE > , we ruin life , and we ruin a < PROPMALE > at something everyone needs ..... Love 
Taking the mixer back to its home for I need it no longer , thy cookies are done . :) 
I just wanna fly 
The sun is up , the sky is blue It's beautiful and so are you Dear < PROPFEMALE > won't you come out to play 
Baby its cold outside .... 
UH ! Flash burn equals pain ! 
I need halo again 
Goodnight < PROPFEMALE > , goodnight room , goodnight cow jumping over the < PROPFEMALE > ....... 
One car , Two car , Red car , Blue car 
Missin the good ol'days :( 
I have a problem what should I drive when it gets warm ? My totally bitchin ' Camaro or my equally kickass motorcycle ? help me out people tell me what you think . 
Dear Blazer R.I.P : ( 
Click , Click , Boom .............. went the Blazer 
Just another day in paradise 
Two weeks till my baby gets out of the garage and then its time to lay the rubber on the ground and go flyin 
Ha i drove a Datsun 280Z today 
OOHH MAN ! 
Every < PROPFEMALE > has it's thorn Just like every night has it's < PROPFEMALE > Just like every cowboy sings his sad , sad song Every < PROPFEMALE > has it's thorn 
Listen to the fire inside that keeps on driving you . 
Just figured out that the crate motor in my camaro is pushing out around 250 horsepower and thats ... well thats awesome 
I was blindfolded , but now I'm seeing , My mind was closing , now I'm believing , I finally know just what it means to let someone in , To see the side of me that no one does or ever will , So if your ever lost and find yourself all alone , I'd search forever just to bring you home , Here and now this I vow 
Setting up for a Modern warfare 2 battle night 
You know the days that are just before the weekend but not close enough to count ........ this is one of those days . : ( 
I now work at Walmart again except this time i'm in TLE . WOOOOOOOO ! 
Cause I've got a < PROPFEMALE > ticket .... 
If I was a flower growing wild and free All I'd want is you to be my sweet < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > . And if I was a tree growing tall and green All I'd want is you to shade me and be my leaves 
Does a 10lb . bag of flower make a really big biscut ? 
Its like trying to look badass while winking ! 
Second first day at Walmart , Oh Yeah ! 
Two weeks , two short weeks 
no workin today i wish i had my bike 
There's a lady who's sure all that glitters is gold And she's buying a stairway to heaven . 
Rockin the swat boots 
tire & lube express technician , hell yeah 
i'm gonna draw more tattoos if you want one tell me i draw them for free 
Tik Tok 
Spring break sucks ass i gotta work all weekend : ( 
I feel like I'm dead inside . : ( 
What a day at work i got to be a greeter and the least i can say is that there are some different people out there . LOL 
wow i have nothing to do , the boredom is killing me 
Hey everybody I got a question for ya'll , should I put exhaust on my car within the first week of driving it or should i just leave it open headers ? 
FAIL !!! 
Miss warm weather and my camaro i need to get the other one on the road in 2 weeks 
Putting the epoxy on the camaro so close to success 
Almost half a car finished 
The Bike Is Out . Vroom Vroom 
JUSTIFIED ............................... on FX 
rode the bike all weekend 
What an awesome day to have off I only wish I had my bike up here to cruise around on . 
It's a beautiful ride ... 
Waiting to hit the open road today 
Today sucks , I really don't want to sit at school anymore i quit 
Its down to the wire now ... 
Rockin ' out !!!!!!!! ; ) 
tired of bullshit , tired of everything ........ 
gotta blow off some steam working out till the sun comes up 
When you grow tired of life does life grow tired of you ? 
oh the weather outside is nothing short of perfect 
Hott Damn ! What a day ! 
Open road and nothin but ... ; ) 
Let it Rock .. 
Burn it to the Ground -- Avenged Sevenfold 
Isn't sure if this is what I want to do anymore 
Feels much better and is very happy for life even though i haven't slept in a day ;) 
Thats why they call me ,....... they call me the workin ' man .... 
Anyone else think today kinda sucks ? 
Sleeping off the tiredness tonight .......... hopefully ! : ) 
What a great day to get my tires rotated and balanced 
I walk the line is a great movie , I love < PROPFIRST > Cash 
I fought the Law and I Won ! : ) Hell Yeah !!!!!! 
not sure if i'll ever eat a hamburger or hotdog again 
I'm pretty sure that my car will be done sometime next week and that will make me so happy because I can't stand to drive a vohicle with hubcaps any longer , its almost ............................. muhrduhr ..... 
Case dismissed ................... Before court started ? Thats right , I'm that good . 
6 days till its back on the street 
8 and a half hours of work .............. not too happy right now\\n *F.H.L * 
................... almost road ready . : ) oh yeah ! 
Say it ain't so a-woah-a-woah . Your drug is a heartbreaker . Say it ain't so a-woah-a-woah . My love is a life-taker . 
Woohoo ! today was Freakin Great ! 
Lost in the puzzle of life ..... 
I don't need antifreeze just coolant ........ you know what I mean ?........ Anti-Freeze is the coolant ................. Oh ? 
WOW ! THATS A LOW PRICE ! 
WHAT ! 
Blast ! Foiled Again !!!!! 
needs something to do and somewhere to go 
\Shit \".....\" Shoot \"......\" God Dammit \".....\" Gosh Darnit \"......----- The Hangover " 
Beauty < PROPFEMALE > of only eighteen , \ 
She had some trouble with herself , \ 
He was always there to help her , \ 
She always belonged to someone else\ 
\ 
I drove for < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > , \ 
And wound up at your door , \ 
I've had you so many times but somehow , \ 
I want more 
New favorite band : Maroon 5 
oh 7 days left .... 
When pain subsides and goes away , what is left to stay ? \ 
Are we all alone in this world , and are we living just day to day ? \ 
I remember everything , and I do have one regret , \ 
Not following my heart and not saying what I felt , \ 
I now have nothing left to do and nothing left to say , \ 
So I forgive and go on trying to live from day to day . \ 
-- Anonyamous 
When your in trouble will your friends be there ? 
< PROPFEMALE > hills cop theme song best theme song on earth 
So what happened in Alcester last night I was driving through and saw a buch of people and cops ? I was like WTF ! so anyone know ? 
Where did the sun go ? 
Whoooooop , whoooop , whooop , whooop , whoop , whoop , whoop ....................... the end is near ............ of college this year YEEEEEEEEHAAAWWWWW ! 
is tired of not being able to be hypnotized ............. failure again today . : ( 
2hrs until I'm officially checked out of my room and then back home for the summer . : ) 
Hell yeah I got Halo's 
Using a droid 
I'm severly sunburned and am in need of shade and possible night to feel good : )\ 
but it was a good ride ........ 7 hrs 
Damn near professional 
Freestyle fighting games are back -- Aaron < PROPMALE > 
That car wash today was kind of crappy some good help others not so much 
Can't touch this ............ 
< PROPMALE > of Persia is a damn good movie -- recommend for all 
Looking for a 69 camaro anyone ? 
Ha sorry I meant I'm looking for a 69 camaro sorry for the confusion . 
Uh , I think work is trying to kill me by making me wake up too early ................ 
I got pulled over yesterday by the highway patrol ........... sucks 
God I love a good storm 
Well at least today won't be completely wasted 
Partying it up 
Day for cruisin 
Hey potato ........... Death trap ! 
Kade vs alcester police = kade wins 
Butterfly -- Crazytown 
Fucking shitheads that can't drive piss me off so much 
Today is shit 
What I would do for a double bacon cheese burger and a cold root beer right now 
I need a change of pace .................. so I slowly press down on my accelerator until I reach somewhere around 95 to 100 
Why do cops find it necessary to follow me around I'm not doing anything illegal 
Burned ! 
Is having an amazingly smashing day ! 
Has noticed an overage of cavaliers and impalas in akron 
Does anyone have a cheap car I need one for winter 
Says hey how is everyone today ? 
The sun is up the sky is blue , It's beautiful and so are you , dear < PROPFEMALE > won't you come out to play ... 
Gigantic Pants 
Every < PROPFEMALE > has its thorns , just like every night has its < PROPFEMALE > , just like every cowboy sings a sad , sad song , every < PROPFEMALE > has its thorns ..... 
And maybe for fun I'll jump off a damn bridge too FML 
Holy crazy storm !!! Wooohooo : ) 
Needs to find something to live for , to fight for , to die for ..... 
I am finding out that maybe I was wrong , that I've fallen down and I can't do this alone .... 
Today is gonna be the day that they're gonna throw it back to you ..... 
Yeah !.......... wait what ? 
Don't confirm him ... why .... because he's bad friend stock .... -- South park 
Ahhh ! Why the hell am I up this early ? 
I love the days when I can just get on my bike and ride ............... too bad today isn't one if those days : ( 
Take me down to a paradise city where the grass is green and the girls are pretty , oh won't you please take me home ..... 
I thought he looked like a < PROPFIRST > too ....... 
On top of the world -- T.I 
...... I'm a little unraveled but I'm still in the saddle cryin your name out to the clouds ...... 
Looking for a new car ! 
El Tango De < PROPFEMALE > .... 
Ummmm ...... 4 ... 
Just dance champion ! That's right Haha 
God , I don't know what I want to do anymore ..... : ( 
If work wasn't work it wouldn't be work ! 
Always the loser .................. 
It's times like these that make me say\ 
Lord if you see me please come my way 
Think I'm going to buy a pair of bowling shoes just to wear around ........ 
What is going on I haven't got a text all day ........ lol :) 
Omg people drive the damn speed limit or above but please don't go slower , thanks ! 
You have the right to remain horny ................ anything I have will be held against you in the court of law . -- Late Night with < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > 
I'm awesome :) 
Whatever happened to our inner glow ?......... 
What a fucking bad day worst day of my fucking life ....... 
Work = death , school = death , so far judging from these calculations everything kills us .... lol :) 
Shark pros and cons : pro : sharks don't like the taste of humans ... con : except the ones the eat to death ..... \ 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > 
In my head .... 
Invented the most magical subway sandwich on the planet ! :) 
Saturdays are supposed to be fun ........................... This isn't fun ...... 
Rockin out to jet ;) 
Step up 3D is an awesome movie people should see it 
When you were young -- The Killers 
Corona and lime ;) 
Stupid fuckin shit keeps breaking 
Tired ....... to the MAXX !!! 
This just in the pontiac is mobil :) 
This used to be a funhouse .............. but now its filled with evil clowns , and i hate clowns ..... especially the evil ones :/ 
Uhh ...... 
Another awesome storm 
I got oil dumped all over me at work .......... not the best feeling . 
What's your favorite dish , I'm not going to cook it but I'll order it from Zanzibar ..... 
I need to get my car fixed there's a lot of punk ass kids up here that need to know what a real car looks and performs like 
Because your mine I walk the line .... :) 
I just bought 454 hell yeah 
Nothings more fun than rockin to some Ozzy in the morning :) 
Well computers is good for something .... 
Yeah the camaro is going to get painted bright orange and after that I'm dropping in a 454 
Love gun -- Kiss 
Each day is a gift and not a given right 
School is 3hrs long tomorrow Wtf am o supposed to do for 5 hrs while waiting for work ........ this effin sucks 
The beast and the harlot -- Avenged Sevenfold 
Wild west show ......... 
Misses the good old days ..... 
So who claimed the broken down taco truck lol 
It's like seagulls to a piece of bread ..... 
I'm not afraid ..... -- eminem 
bored and feel like \uhhhh\ " sounds " 
I know what I was feeling but what was I thinking 
Painting hoods ........ rose 
I saw where you came from I call out your name but there's no answer .... 
Whatever happened to the young man's heart swallowed by pain as he slowly fell apart ..... -- 45 -- Shinedown 
Effin tired ... wtf 
Ohhhh DAMNNN ! 
i gotta little change in my pocket goin jinga jingaling ......... 
Goodbye -- Bobaflex ............. suggest listening too 
Ha coming back to akron for one night , and one night only so hit me up cause I ain't got any plans 
1 set of 4 takes an hour I have now done it on half an hour 
Attention Facebook friends the first person to guess what 62 UM 15 stands for will receive 5 dollars from me so start guessing 
Sorry I can't hear you over the sound of my awesomeness ! 
MW2 xbox live yeah 
I gots some brand new shoes :) 
almost perfect riding weather and nothing is more relaxing than that 
........... Oh yeah , all right , take it easy baby , make it last all night , she was an american girl .......... 
I am watching smallville but i think i should start at the beginning although its pretty easy to pick up on :) 
Pissed off at the world .... > : l 
Why are things expensive ? :( 
You don't know how it feels to be me ..... 
Sometimes I feel I've got to , run away , I've got to , get away , from the pain you drive into the heart of me ........ 
My real car is in pieces : / 
The lost and lonely road ...... 
I ate about 3lbs of a 4lb watermelon and it was delicious 
Building stuff 
Don't tell me if I'm dying cause I don't wanna know . 
Hey I need a haircut anyone wanna help out ? 
Could really use a wish right now ....... 
Hates waking up early in the morning 
Bought an awesome cd 
Effin tired if working with an idiot 
Feeling down I need like a week off :( 
I wanna be a billionaire so freakin bad ..... 
Uh ohh I want some more uh ohh what are you waiting for take a bite of my heart tonight .... 
Got a hair cut finally it was long overdue ;) 
I only try to be superman 
I throw my hands up in the air sometimes sayin ehh ohh 
I am tired 
Rain , rain go away , come again some other day ............. : ....... but not as snow because I hate snow more :) 
Throw your hands in the air your on the rollercoaster called LIFE ! 
Why do police always follow me even when I drive perfectly fine its ridiculous even the pontiac are there stickers on my vehicles that say \HEY follow me I'm a " 
My cars got some brand new shoes 
The pain inside keeps me going and my fate is undecided , what is one person to do when they're broken and alone 
It was only just a dream 
Why is love the best and worst thing to happen to people 
Look inside your heart and ask yourself did I make the right decision ? 
Nothing is more fun then driving an hour to school in the morning :) 
One day you'll wake up and find your missin me 
Needs season 4 of smallville 
Running on empty .... 
Look at the < PROPFEMALE > 
Feelin ' like a < PROPFEMALE > you can't stop my shine .... 
Well the camaro will be tangier orange 
My car parts got shipped to California ................... Wtf ...... 
Some people should learn what yield means 
Dislikes computer class we do things ill never need to know and its tiring 
I close my eyes , only for a moment and the moments gone ....... 
I know the truth ..... and I'll gladly watch you burn 
ATTN:I'm looking for an older car to work on any condition only restrictions are 70 and older or very low price thanks 
Now I'm feelin so fly like G6 
Needs to get outside if his box 
Look out here I come ... 
Weeks before I get my carmaro done and rolling 
I fixed the bike so guess what I'm doing Friday 
Ha ......... today is boring who woulda thought that 
The guy in this picture is like \WHOA ELECTRIC MONSTER BRO \"" 
Listening to sandstorm :) 
Tired and want to play halo reach 
Boo boo do da do loo I can sing techno 
sprayed clear over the parts we painted the jams on yesterday and my paint color is awesome 
Ain't no rest for the wicked , money don't grow on trees ..... 
Can't wait for 29 , 30 , & 31 of October cause I don't work :) 
Old school equals awesome :) 
Played halo reach too long now I can't sleep ..................... but I think it was worth it :) 
Wet sanding is done its to the booth from here on :) 
I don't want work tomorrow 
Feels like giving up and leaving for somewhere no one knows me so I can be someone I'm not for a change ............. 
What the crap why did I wake up at 5:24 :( 
We can dance if we want to , we can leave your friends behind , cause your friends don't dance and if they don't dance they are no friends if mine ........ 
Have you heard ....... 
I hate that I have to drive an hour just to get to work 
I don't know what movie I'm watching but its fricken good 
Frick I got an awesome idea for Halloween haha 
Is debating he wants a pretzel or not ............ decisions , decisions :) 
I would have to paint my car when it's snowing 
I can't sleep ............ :( 
Ode to another crappy day ................ 
enjoying life just a little more everyday :) 
I started my car today and drove it :) I can't wait till its done hopefully next week !!!! 
Time for Forza ;) 
Living on a high :) 
Work all day totally ruins a Saturday :( 
I am full of freakin energy today =D 
Misses someone and doesn't want to wait until next week to see her :( 
think i should go back to the doctor 
Needs some Aerosmith right now to calm down and focus 
.............. lost ................ 
I feel like I'm drowning in ice water , \ 
My lips have turned a shade of blue , \ 
I'm frozen with this fear , \ 
That you may disappear , \ 
Before I've given you the truth 
I think this summer I'm going on a week trip somewhere in the world because space travel is slightly out of my price range ;) 
Hooking up my stereo system Wednesday so then I can finally pump up the jam :D 
Not to point any fingers , but who broke the good toaster ? 
I've found a baby before ..... 
Good board game suggestions anyone 
I need rims and tires 
My new career path is to become Superman 
It is so cold and I'm so tired and my voice hurts from singing :) 
Is going to get some sleep tonight lol :P 
Dear work , \ 
Today you are making me wake up too early therefore I have no choice but to hate you , yes I'm sorry it came down to this . \ 
Hate you , \ 
Sincerely , \ 
Kade 
I am not superman but I am Kade Kjose and that's a hell of a lot cooler :) \ 
Plus I'm invulnerable to kryptonite ;) 
I bleed my heart out on this paper for you . So you can see what I can say . I'm dyin ' here , Cuz i can't say what I want to . I bleed my heart out just for you . :) 
I'm quitting car town its official 
Something in the way she moves , \ 
Attracts me like no other lover . \ 
Something in the way she woos me 
Who lives in a pineapple under the sea ... 
I'll Be your cryin ' shoulder \ 
I'll Be loves suicide \ 
I'll Be better when I'm older\ 
I'll Be the greatest fan of your life 
I wanna make a fire burn within soul , I wanna make you feel alive again , I wanna make you whole ..... :) 
So happy tomorrow is Friday :) 
Emergency call 911\ 
She's pissed off at everyone\ 
Police rescue , FBI\ 
She wants a riot , she wants a riot 
Subs + stereo + car = my day tomorrow 
I left my phone charger in Akron what a sad way to start a depressing week ;) 
I need a vacation 
Omg why are the squeegees breaking 
Thank the lord I saw red and blue flashing lights and I wasn't the one getting pulled over Yay ! =D 
I'm going to buy a Dodge Ram 2500 or 3500 with a cummins cause I want a pickup 
Only the crazy are really crazy except for those who are a different kind of crazy they are crazy like normal ;) 
FMLYHM by Seether = good song 
OMG ! PEOPLE STOP PLAYING THE NUMBER GAME ItS THE ONLY THING ON MY WALL AND ITS ANNOYING !!! 
7177 ... Your sweet , funny , and care about everyone like they are your own family I'll help you whenever you need me and I will always have your back and I always like to < PROPFEMALE > out with you and play video games/board games ;) 
I wish I was tied to the board underneath the pendulum right now just waiting for it to inch its why closer to my end ..... 
Well that was a fucked up dream ... 
Ugh I need direct deposit it would make me save way more gas 
I killed a possum with my car on highway 12 by mikes .......... or at least I think I did lol 
I wanna be an American Picker that'd be like dream job lol 
I hate broasted chicken 
Woo I got a haircut =D 
The bad touch 
Hate me today , \ 
Hate me tomorrow , \ 
Hate me for all the things i didnt do for you , \ 
Hate me in ways , yeah ways hard to swallow , \ 
Hate me so you can finally see whats good for you . 
When life throws you a < PROPFIRST > just stroke the furry walls ..... 
Fuck snow that means its cold and I HATE BEING COLD ! 
Never gonna change -- Saliva awesome song 
Fury walls haha 
You should let me love you , \ 
Let me be the one to give you everything you want and need , \ 
Baby good love and protection , \ 
Make me your selection , \ 
Show you the way love's supposed to be , \ 
Baby you should let me love you , love you , love you 
I'm going to kill the world ........ FOR REAL ! 
< PROPFIRST > cash equals awesome 
Dazed and confused 
You took a white orchid and turned it blue 
If I didn't have music I would have nothing 
The more the light shines through me I pretend to close my eyes , the more the dark consumes mei pretend I'm burning bright ........... 
I can only see a car length in front of me yay ! 
I'm a banana ! 
Don't mess with the Kaptain :) 
I want summer back I hate this thing called coldness/snow 
I really want to light something on fire ............... like now ! 
I think I should start sleeping more 
NO LOVE ........... \ 
Eminem ft . Lil < PROPMALE > 
I am Superman ............... 
As of tonight my ipod is MIA hopefully it shows up :( 
Io non ho paura 
chiropractor wednesday my back is shot 
Nacho flavored Doritos its a party in a bag ! =D 
Reptillia by the Strokes Wooohooo 
Yea , Though I Walk Through the Valley of the Shadow of Death I Will Fear No Evil ...... 
Halo : Reach on Live -- Trample the Weak , Hurdle the Dead ... 
Is Superman ! :) 
Halo reach Xbox live tonight woo at 10 
Well I had a good weekend :) 
Need names of good songs and artists I got shit to download 
Wants pizza and frosted mini wheats ................ but not together that's just insanity 
Snow I hate you , I would feel much better with no wind , clear skies , and 80 degrees that would be pristine :) 
Lives an empty life ......... 
is today only tuesday ... ugh 
Really wants to kick someone's ass 
I'm cooled off now ;) 
damn you new profile it automatically changed 
You know I went through all my pictures just a bit ago and I realize that I have met some of the worlds most amazing people so thank you everyone for making my life a lot brighter :) 
I'm gonna fight'em off , a 7 nation army couldn't hold me back ......... 
We got the clap ! 
Sometimes it feels like the worlds on my shoulders , everyone's leanin ' on me ..... 
Naughty , naughty Kool-Aid 
FURRY WALLS !!!! :) 
Is tired of snow now it can leave I need clear skies warm weather and my beautiful motorcycle :) 
\you know whats dumb ................. climbing mountains .... " 
And that's what happened to < PROPMALE > 7 , hood times :) 
Mooooon .......... 
Get outta here ! 
Paralyzer 
I hate the way you laughed , I hate the way you cried , but most of all I hate the way you lied ..... 
25 to life 
Can't wait for Thursday custom paint class 
Woke up at 530 haha and I feel great I drank half a gallon of Arizona sweet tea mmmmmm :) good day so far 
Wants to get out on the bike 
It's hip hop abs with < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > - < PROPFIRST > 
Is there a point to buy a prius and then drive 90 plus < PROPMALE > per hour 
Beetles :) 
Assassino ' 
I'm a Freebird :P 
Had a wonderful day today :) 
Damn headaches :/ 
Oh what a crazy life I have :P 
Just finished Assassins Creed Brotherhood ......... mind = blown ........ 
No contacts no glasses looks like I'm just gonna go blind for the day :) woo 
My day has went from bad to better to ok to worst this blows 
Congratulations packers ! 
Needs to buy some VTX parts :P 
Why do people with cavaliers think they are race cars ? Seriously , come on . lol 
Wants the new Camaro ZL1 
Don't you wanna stay here a little while ...... 
God I love country music :) 
10% luck , 20% skill , 15% concentrated power of will , 5% pleasure , 50% pain ...... 
I'm just itching to hop on my VTX and ride :P 
Nothings funnier than an 80's escort pulling a festiva of the same < PROPFEMALE > lol 
I will always want what I can't have ........ 
Racing cars wish i had some zeppelin to play right now :) 
I want to drive my car ..... and my my bike .... but will it be nice enough to this weekend no , thats what I call bullcrap ... :( 
Fuck the world ......... 
God shows mercy , I don't 
I can't say how I really feel ........ 
Hit'em up ... 
I gotta fever ........... and the only cure is more cowbell ! :P 
I want to blow shit up with my mind ...... 
Beetles :) make everything better 
I make fire ........ with sticks ... 
I can't wait for bonfires and barbecues :) 
Blueberry bagels and strawberry cream cheese MMMmmm :) 
I can't wait to get my bike out the weather is slowly getting better :) so I gotta finish up my new mods :P 
Names Stone , < PROPFIRST > Stone ... :) 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > how did you learn how to play the guitar that way 
I'm here without you baby , but your still on my lonely mind , I think about you baby and I dream about you all the time ... 
I don't hate snow , I hate cold ......... snow just gets caught in the cross fire :) 
Just got accepted to USD business school lol 
Finally got the right tools to pull the flexplate off the camaro and replace it so I can drive it more lol 
My old flexplate was practically shattered lol hopefully I will be driving the camaro again soon :) 
5 card poker on Saturday night , church on Sunday morning ... :) 
Camaro now tic free thanks to new unshattered flex plate :) 
Wants to get the camaro out but has to work instead :( 
I just want to get on the bike , drive away and never look back ... 
.......... I gotta get out of here .. 
Saliva-Broken Sunday I love it 
Needs tires for the camaro and Pontiac . lol 
Well the radar detector works :) 
What is it with kids with Honda fits that think they are race cars ? 
OWNED !!! 
Sarcasm makes the world a better place :) 
This summer I'm going on a trip for at least 2 weeks on my bike I need to get away and relax 
Work sucks :/ 
Drop it low ;) 
I pretend I'm burning ,.. burning bright ... 
I need to work on my motorcycle and Camaro tomorrow 
Turning into a nice warm day :) 
Holy shit I just saw a hawk dive out of the sky and pickup a < PROPFEMALE > ... 
It's a Gremice :) 
Open headers :) 
I'm a space bound rocket ship and your hearts the < PROPFEMALE > ...... 
