getting ready to go to < PROPMALE>'s for New Year's < PROPFEMALE > . 

: I overall had fun at < PROPMALE>'s . 
laughs haha . I just read a piece of flair that read \My Sexual Preference is Often \"." 
had moments of fun at the club tonight . 
went to Oasis nightclub for 4th of July . I wish I was in love . 
has a truck that won't start . My parents said they would have it fixed . Hopefully I can still get around soon . 
sings along \Hate . Hate ... Hate-Hate-Hate I don't care what these chicks say . I don't even look that way . \ " song : Took The Night " 
is going to < PROPMALE>'s and possibly Oasis too tonight . 
is going out to < PROPMALE>'s or Oasis tonight . Probably < PROPMALE>'s . Is anyone else on imeem ? Just < PROPFEMALE > and me for now on imeem.com 
updated his imeem playlist displayed on his profile under Boxes . 
just got Kristinia DeBarge's debut single \Goodbye\ " for free on imeem.com " 
is considering a Math < PROPMALE > with an concentration in Computer Science . :: excited :: 
has a aching/sore throat . School starts tomorrow . Sucks there'll be less nightclubbing . But , school is good . :: blessed :: 
wants to go to < PROPMALE>'s to dance a lot . We'll see if I go :) or not :( . 
is excited about the rumors of a new < PROPFEMALE > Lo album . 
I think I did good on my midterm ! :D 
: < PROPFIRST > talked to me tonight . 
is ( guess what ? ) going out dancing again at < PROPMALE>'s tonight . :: dancing addict :: 
is safe at home . I had to get my truck towed from < PROPMALE>'s . I think I hit the puddles too hard . 
I had a long school day today as usual . I can't wait for the weekend so that I can unwind . I still have a sore throat . 
I went to < PROPMALE>'s tonight . I had some fun there . I danced like crazy . I got 1 compliment on it . OMG , I saw < PROPFIRST > there . And I saw < PROPMALE > . The end . 
I'm working on a term paper . I've got to make some progress . 
I need to get the stress out . I'm going dancing ;) Hurrah ! 
does anyone have experience with Metro PCS ? I'm considering getting a mobile phone with them later this year . 
Yay , my clubbing friends gave me a nickname : DDR . 
Please consider voting for < PROPFIRST > Zamora for Mayor of < PROPMALE > this November if you live there . He's my cousin and facebook friend . Thanks ! 
I got all three A's this past winter quarter . I start spring quarter on Monday . I'm excited to be taking two computer science courses . 
I had a very discouraging lab experience today . I can't make myself study since then . Introverted Sadness . 
It was nice to see my extended Ramos family today . The occasion was my < PROPFEMALE > cousins ' visit to California . 
The weather is perfect right now at school . 
I had so much fun tonight with the family at the Mother's Day dance . 
finally ! I got my lab work for class working . I have so much more to do ! 
I'm having fun at my cousin's Sweet Sixteen party . Dancing with the fam and more . 
I watched a small part of Cruel Intentions on TV and it gave me a tingly feeling of attraction and sadness . I missed that feeling . 
Spring 2010 Grades : C- , A- , A . I needed to study more . I'm taking a break from studying for my summer school history class right now . 
I went out dancing for the first time in two weeks at < PROPMALE>'s . The experience was fun , confusing , sad , funny , beautiful , and \ho \"- ly . " 
is studying now for American History about the Roaring Twenties . 
went on a walk around the block an hour or so ago . I enjoyed the breezy dusk weather . 
feeling trapped , because I'm spoiled and lazy , yet want an income and bigger and better things . 
I finished reading the graphic novel for class , up next , a chapter on World War II in the textbook . :: accomplished :D :: 
I had fun at < PROPMALE>'s . Going to hit the shower and then go online probably . 
Ahh ! 
i'm starting to be less insecure at Oasis . 
It's semi-fun having heartache ( romantically ) . Because , before that is a natural high . I miss my suitor at Oasis . Maybe the term suitor is a bit of a stretch in reality . 
I earned a 89% in my summer history class . I'm pleased about it . Next class starts on Wednesday . It's the second part of summer term . 
is out running errands in Victorville with my mother . Almost done . At Baker's Drive Thru now . 
is being productive today . Using the washing machine and washing dishes . Still no progress on my weekend goals though . 
Thanks for coming and visiting with us Gonzales family . I'm excited for Lil Frisco's upcoming experience away from home . I remember my first year of college , it was splendid . Haven't had an experience like it since . 
studying . 
Let us remember every cancer patient , family member , and friend who has lost their battle with cancer and those who continue to conquer it . 
My horoscope : You've got to open yourself up a bit -- the people in your life need you to be open-minded ( more so than usual , that is ) . It's a good time to explore notions you are sure are wrong just to see where they lead . 
Okay , this is rated PG-13 . I enjoyed a cool new type of kiss today . It was like a simple platonic-like kiss on the lips repeated , mouths shut . It was so new to me for romantic purposes . I learn something new with every love interest . 
My horoscope : You're getting some weird , dreamy -- but powerful -- energy today , and you might just need to let it have its way with you rather than trying to control it . Things may get a lot weirder soon ! 
I got a 94% on my midterm for my summer class . :: pleased :: 
This lady at < PROPMALE>'s told me on Wednesday that I try too hard . I got mildly defensive . 
yuck . I'm ill . 
eating Ravioli . Microwaving : it's easy . It'd be nice to really cook for myself . I remember when I had to cook dinner certain nights of the week for the whole family . My sister and I had so many chores then . It can be done . 
still sick with a cold . Drinking lots of water and juice helped with the congestion . 
I have a cough . It's not nice to spread germs . Yet , I tire of being home . So , I desperately went to < PROPMALE>'s for 10 minutes before closing just now . 
Yay ! I got over my cold and cough . I just tested it with some exercise , and I didn't cough . I'm going out dancing tonight ! 
I had fun tonight at Oasis . I danced with a beautiful lady . We were trying to dance sexy . I don't know if I pulled it off , but she did . I met cool-looking guys , and texted with one . Happy Birthday < PROPFIRST > F .! Thanks for the invite to Oasis . 
thanks for the laughs < PROPFIRST > Payne & Company . I'm supposed to go to bed early tonight for a birthday breakfast tomorrow for my dad . 
yay , today I get to spend the day with three special ladies : my dear Grandma < PROPFEMALE > , my fun Aunt < PROPFEMALE > , my cool cousin < PROPFEMALE > . 
\Maybe my biggest problem is thinking I'm not supposed to have problems . \ " Taken and edited from C . Ortega's facebook bio . " 
My horoscope for today : Your easygoing energy is just right for hanging with friends -- though at least one of them has turned into a workaholic overnight . See if you can cajole them away from their rigid attitudes . 
Yay . I'm on a little break from school . Summer school ended . My first day of the Fall Quarter is on Sept 23rd . I feel like dancing , and kissing . But , I'm single , so the latter will be difficult without a stroke of luck . 
karaoke at < PROPMALE>'s in a while . 
I lost my iPod Classic . Sometimes , it bothers me , but I'm mostly calm about it . 
Wow . I'm surprised . The karaoke night included Teenage Dream by < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > in the lineup . I remember a year or two ago , all they had were old songs . 
I've been having family time today for my dad's 54th birthday . Staying home tonight . ( Broke ) 
Joy ! I have some spending money again . Time for my aerobic physical activity : dancing . Gonna shower . Going to < PROPMALE>'s tonight . 
My horoscope : You can feel an old wound healing up as if it had never happened -- in fact , you may feel somewhat stronger than before ! Your energy today could not be better suited to your needs . 
I had much energy tonight with dancing . My fitness improves . 
My horoscope : Everyone jokes about how intense you are -- though rarely to your face ! Today , your energy helps you focus intensely on whatever person or situation deserves it , even if you didn't know until now . 
It was nice seeing almost everyone at the family reunion yesterday . I talked to more people this time , because I saw the people at last year's reunion . I'm getting comfortable with my extended family . 
I'm trying on Sunday's at < PROPMALE>'s tonight . Almost ready to go . 
I'm likely to visit < PROPMALE>'s Bar tonight . :: addict :: I hope there will be 30-somethings there . Maybe when I turn 30 I'll magically become more of an entertaining conversation holder . It's Flashback 80's night . 
Wow . There were these two male newcomers ( as far as I know ) to the bar tonight who made me feel insecure , due to their beauty . It was a pleasant surprise . 
Yay ! I get to go to karaoke at < PROPMALE>'s tonight . 
is staying home tonight ( my body could use rest ) . Tomorrow's schedule : yard work tomorrow with my family at home . Other news : A student job listing found its way into my email . I'm going to pick up an application from CSU soon . 
:: pleased :: to be going out dancing tonight at < PROPMALE>'s . 
ahh . I'm hitting on too many guys . ( Online of course , because I'm so risk-averse in person ) . I just want get a taste of what's out there . :: taking a risk :: 
is reading for one of my classes as assigned . Classes begin tomorrow . I hope I have fun with learning this fall quarter . 
goodnight everyone . Remind me to leave you love on your FaceBook(fb ) wall tomorrow . It would be cool if I could write on each one of my fb friends ' walls including yours . First day of classes tomorrow 12pm . 
is not eating to avoid nausea . Slowly rehydrating . Missed first day of class . Professors are understanding via email . 
is visiting < PROPMALE>'s Bar and Nightclub tonight later . still studying . 
I'm not ill anymore as of yesterday . :: discontent nonetheless :: 
last night at < PROPMALE>'s was fun at the end and the beginning , because of the music played and dancing I did . 
I want to participate in a \Hip Hop X\ " dance class at my college . Mondays & Wednesdays at 6:30 pm . We'll see if I muster up the will to do something different . " 
partly saw TV movie : The Brave One ; victim and widow by murder turns vigilante on neighborhood criminals . Depictions of violent crime make me feel uneasy and angst . 
I had a dream that I was playing games with < PROPFIRST > Ramos , my first cousin , like we were kids again . 
I want to go to Hip Hop X informal class , but I have studying to do for tomorrow . Maybe Wednesday I could go . Maybe I could just go once a week on Wednesdays . 
is having fun at school with what I'm learning . I held like three conversations today . Yay . \Big Cat\ " is changing ! hehe . ( Big Cat indirectly means I'm awkward ) " 
:: restless :: 
class ends . Oasis nightclub begins . 
finished some homework . done with homework for the night . 
I'm on top of my homework and reading for one class . Other two classes , I'm behind in reading . 
taking a break from reading for class . 
I'm going to my local spot in the high desert to break a sweat . I'll be dancing for fun at < PROPMALE>'s nightclub . 
:: tired :: 
el amor no hace promesas . do you know if it's true that real love lasts a lifetime ?. Does it shine like the stars up in the sky ? And do you know if you could fall for just a moment is a moment for all time ? (\Could This Be Love\ " by < PROPFEMALE > Lopez on album \ " On The 6 \") . " 
Yay , it's on my side : My horoscope : You are wreaking havoc in your workplace or home situation -- but it's all good in the long run ! Discomfort may be an important symptom for people who need to undergo < PROPMALE > change . 
My horoscope : One < PROPFEMALE > detail is all it could take to ruin your day -- or to make it ten times brighter ! Keep your eyes open and make sure that you watch for anything that seems odd or somewhat out of place . 
I am proud of myself . I woke up at 9:00 am and stayed awake . I ran errands , and did chores at home . 
listening to Soft Pop songs about love . I've been feeling very emotionally vulnerable , ready to try to love someone again . 
So true ! My horoscope : Planning isn't always your strong suit -- but you don't have a weak suit ! Today , you need to work things out in advance if you want to make the most of your mental energy . It's not that hard ! 
I didn't know Walmart wasn't open 24 hours a day anymore . Time to work on my group project for school . This may be my last one EVER . How ... nice . 
My horoscope : You can see what needs to be done , though others may not . It's a good thing you're so filled with good energy that you can easily convince them that your P.O.V. is the way to go . 
My horoscope on Zigi's app that he has a post for : Be yourself -- it's only fair . You deserve to pursue any available connection . Superficial relationships take on a greater depth . A brilliant idea meets with instant approval . 
Sounds exciting . My horoscope from my app : You are quite likely to get all caught up in the excitement today -- so much so that you might find yourself doing or saying things that you'd never otherwise think up . Live a little ! 
yay ! I'm going to Oasis in the city of Upland tonight . I'm looking for some hugs and kisses . 
I thought I saw The < PROPFEMALE>'s here at Oasis . You know the music artist that sang Untouched . 
Oh my . the nesquick bottle so did not have a metal cover . that stuff flew all over in my truck . 
My local celebrity crush < PROPFIRST > Ortega waved hello with a smile as he stood next to me at the bar waiting for his drink orders to be filled . It's so cool that he acknowledged me . I'm starstruck . 
I had a lot of fun at Oasis . Danced like crazy as usual . It's nice to just talk to people . I wish I weren't intimidated by the hotter part of the crowd . 
How amusing and true . My daily slam ( on the horoscope app ): Something will ruin your usual and tediously boring routine today . Sure , it'll throw you for a loop , but you have to break out of this monotonous cycle once in a while , even if life has to beat you with a plywood board to loosen you up . 
I'm going to try Oasis again tonight . The last time I went was on Wednesday . A nice gentleman asked me to dance then . Haven't had that happen in a while . The attention was nice . 
oh no , my dad wants to remove me from living in his house . and sell the truck he has let me use until soon . I haven't been studying . 
i just bought some songs from iTunes yesterday . I like ' em . Music is addicting . 
haha . I laughed when I read my Daily Slam on the horoscope app : Bust out the boxing gloves because nothing is holding your combative ass back today . Your coworkers had better steer clear of you , or you might throw a punch . Lucky for them your aim sucks and you hit like a girl . 
My family's population is increasing . My first-cousin < PROPFIRST > Ramos just recently ( within the hour ) became a father to a baby girl . Congrats < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > ( the mom) ! 
Chinese horoscope ( rat ): If you are single , someone you know is planning to set you up with someone that they recently met , someone who could be extremely lucky for everyone concerned . Keep an open mind about that blind date , they may have had bad luck before but they may have picked a winner this time . 
is enjoying some dancing at < PROPMALE>'s nightclub . 
oh how rude , my daily slam horoscope : Something doesn't seem exactly right , so you'll try to do some soul searching today . Unfortunately , you'll come up pretty empty-handed . That shouldn't surprise you ; you sold yours to the devil a while ago , remember ? 
I like this horoscope : If others offer you a free ride today , take it . It's just < PROPFEMALE > coming back to you . 
Oh how sad , other horoscope : The people you live with are starting to get feisty . They know you're exhausted , so they haven't counted on you rising to their challenge . You can easily give as good as you get ( and then some ) . Don't be surprised if they leave you alone before long . 
\You had me at get lost . \ " Hehe . I read that on someone's personals < PROPFEMALE > . It's so me . I'm a creepy romantic by nature . I've been successful in restraining myself . It sucks though . " 
I am a cold and exhausted from nightclub dancing at < PROPMALE>'s . I think I'll shower now . 
so much to learn in life . it's too much . 
I think I'm going to shave my face and go to < PROPMALE>'s bar . It'd be cool to see all of my facebook friends at karaoke tonight . Of course , I won't be expecting you all . 
I met , shot pool , and dined with a charismatic fellow . My mind digs it . My heart is hesitant and restrained . My guard is up . 
Singles horoscope : You're pretty much just along for the ride right now , instead of in the driver's seat , and when it comes to your love life , you're unsure about which direction to go . Don't feel too rushed to choose . 
I have a new cell now : Sharp Kin TWOm for Verizon . I transferred about half of the < PROPFIRST > over from the old one by hand , no backup assistant . It's cute . I have a camera now with flash ! ( in the phone ) yay . 
I'm at Oasis . 
I had some caffeine tonight . Can't sleep . 
does anyone need help with web design ? I know some basic stuff about it . I just don't have any content to make a website useful . 
Starting the night early at < PROPMALE>'s . 
my Daily Flirt horoscope , I think it sounds like something I would do : Every now and then you need to provoke an earthquake in your life just so you know you're still alive . Now is one of those times , so make a big , dramatic gesture for your sweetie or the world . 
arrived at a gay nightclub called Oasis located in Upland . 
started the another night at Oasis . It's my upteenth < PROPMALE > at romance . 
finished a talk with Grandma < PROPFEMALE > who piqued my interest in God . 
switched it up ; now at < PROPMALE>'s . 
working on my Résumé . Soon to be at < PROPMALE>'s bar for a night of dancing . 
working on my resume again . 
I hope I get a job soon . My work and school experience section of my résumé is complete . Now I just need the rest of it . 
had a fun night . My fellow clubber \Ghost\ " is an awesome dancer . He rocks ! I think I want to go to Oasis for Sunday night . " 
I want to drink , just to fit in . I won't drink though . It was fun , but I need my sanity . 
I just feeling like staying home all day . School's over anyway . I'm a little tired still . 
hurrah . I finished my résumé draft of skills , education , work experience , contact info . 
showering for a karaoke night at < PROPMALE>'s . 
be back . going to the kitchen for something to ... eat , of course ! 
ok I'm back . What are some good gems of songs that I can sing tonight at karaoke ? 
going to Oasis tonight a little later . I'll be talking to my pen pal for a while then shower and so on . 
ooh . I saw on Turner Classic Movies that a sophisticated male character implied that the adverse effects of alcohol are a myth . I just can't handle alcohol . I guess the negative effects aren't a myth , they're valid . 
k gonna hop in the shower . 
getting ready for the night . 
I'm hopeful for this weekend's parties at < PROPMALE>'s . I saw a good dancer who had an appearance that was just my type at Oasis tonight . We were dancing like \Me Against The Music\ " . I hope to see someone like him again . " 
going to go dance for the exercise and solo fun at < PROPMALE>'s . 
I bought < PROPFEMALE > Braxton's new album \Pulse\ " . Her singing is so smooth . I like her heart-wrenching ballads and fun songs too . " 
Grades for Fall 2010 : C- , B+ , WU ( means maybe withdrawal ) . I plan to skip Winter Quarter 2010 . 
Taking an assessment quiz for a online job application to gauge my personality is hard . I guess my next resort is to pray . But , that doesn't come naturally to me anymore . 
getting tired of clubbing . I'll still be going until I run out of money though . :: addicted :: I applied for a nice job today . 
I'm so far behind I think I'm first ! 
Yay . Time to dance at the Victorville nightclub of choice . 
yay ! I ran some errands today . I was moderately productive . 
\Moderation would be a hypocrite if it isn't practiced in moderation itself . Yay for excesses ! \ " - < PROPFIRST > Ramos . I think I'm going to go mope at < PROPMALE>'s some more and try to catch a man with pity . " 
today I produced a clean closet ( literally — what does the figure of speech mean anyway ? ) , and clean laundry . I enjoyed some dinnertime with my extended Ramos family . 
This sounds difficult , but worth it for the liberating feeling : \Forget the place your trying to get to and see the beauty in right now . \ " -Tweet by @evanescence " 
I am showered and get some fast food after celebrating a hell of a party for one of the best divas < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . 
I've begun going to sleep before 11pm and waking up before 10am . I'm happy with myself for that . It's a step towards a typical job and school schedule . I worked on a volunteer position application today in Information Technology . Maybe I should start smaller . 
I looking forward to Monday when I plan to see my OkCupid.com crush in person . I'm getting restless . 
I hope I can tame myself to responsibility again . I had a lot of fun last quarter to the detriment of my studies . I plan to return to studying in the Spring Qtr . But is that the best thing , considering maybe I can't be tamed ? 
is groggy . 
is playing doctor and play-fight with my nephew . 
the little boy fell asleep ( my nephew ) . Now I can have some time for myself . 
I feel angst . I'm losing priveleges . 
I sense that my crush lost interest in me . Our daily day-long phone txt conversations were nice . I was missing that last night . 
well I wanted to sell my circa 2003 movie DVDs and my unused snowboard bought sometimes in the 21st Century . I looked to sell the DVDs and it said I could get less than a dollar for my Moulin Rouge DVD . Hehe . I guess I'll just keep them . 
is about to get in the shower . I finished vacuuming the pool . Yay ! That plus last time is fifteen dollars earned . I'm starting small , okay ! Yay me ! 
arrived at < PROPMALE>'s . 
was feeling invincible tonight . Now I'm just confused about not being an adult financially . Staying up late seems to sometimes bring out a grandiosity in me that I like to experience . Maybe it's just a \high\ " that's unhealthy for me . " 
I read a CNET.com article that demanded that myspace die already . How sad . I like myspace still for music . 
I woke at 1pm today . yikes ! 
had a blast at < PROPMALE>'s last night . It's so fun to dance . 
does anyone use twitter ? I basicaly haven't tweeted yet and I've had it for like 5 weeks . I want my tweets to be perfect ! How do you know what to write ? 
I'm realizing that I'm at the mercy of my family financially . I want them to decide whether I go to school full-time next quarter , school par t-t ime with work , or work full-time . I don't see me succeeding in any of those avenues . All I care about is feeling good by dancing . 
I know if I want to do well next quarter , I have to stop facebook , and nightclubbing . My addictive personality will indulge in each to the detriment of my grad 
today my Uncle < PROPFIRST > Ramos passed away this morning . The emergency services came to my grandparents ' in Victorville . 
enrolled at CSU San Bernardino again for Spring 2011 . 
feels a change . I stayed home tonight . 
I earned some compliments today , but I feel a little uneasy as I reflect about my hyper and eccentric nature . 
< PROPMALE>'s Nightclub & Bar , I miss you ! My dream is to maintain a steady nighttime schedule for both responsibilities and fun with you guys and gals . 
is remorseful of my eccentric behaviors . I bet I make people feel uncomfortable . 
I have some money . I want to go out dancing at Oasis so much (<PROPMALE>'s is karaoke tonight ) . The money could be used towards more responsible expenses though . 
I've been at Oasis for tonight . 
Ok I'm awake the second time today and finally showered and ready for the day . 
I miss the days of listening to R&B music with my UCR best friend . Friendship was easy back then when my sexuality known to me only . 
It feels wrong to believe that moods are based on chemistry alone , but it also seems true . Like if I eat a certain food it will make me depressed or happy or mad . Like there is no soul nor spirit that governs mood . 
Yay ! My bar order was misunderstood and I was served a mixed drink . I consumed it , since I paid for it . Then , I didn't get addicted and I switched back to soda and juice ( virgin drink ) . I'm proud of my success over alcoholism . Now I just need to succeed in other realms of life . 
is at home . Chores done : laundry , de-clutter room , thin out iTunes/iPod playlist , failed search for temp work . Still hoping for a dream temp job that will last no later than 3/31/2011 , which is before I go back to college . 
started laundry . I arrived home within a half hour from my Ramos grandparents ' place . I played card games \Spoons\ " and \ " Blackjack\ " with my cousins < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > Ramos . It's so hard to add < PROPFIRST > for me ! My mind is not as sharp as it was . I liked Spoons better . It was simple and had action . " 
arrived at home from a brief , cheap visit at < PROPMALE>'s . Now I'll be showering . 
I saw some lively performances tonight at a school fundraiser . Oh , I want to look up some songs . I liked them so much . 
aw . I miss nightclubbing . When I do earn money , I want to try a new moderation technique : bring only $12 or so for my soda-juice mixtures and cover-charge . I'll run out of money and have to come home earlier in the night . I'll have to convince my father to let me try that moderation technique when classes are in session . :: addicted to fun :: 
I went to < PROPMALE>'s karaoke tonight and had SO much fun . I don't know how I could live without that fun . My budget worked for spending less money , but didn't work for leaving early . It just feels wrong to leave early sometimes . I'd be more of a wreck if I lived in Vegas where places close later in the morning . 
yay ! I bought hairgel today and got 2 free MP3's . I got \Killa\ " by < PROPFEMALE > ( R&B/Pop ) and \ " You Belong With Me\ " by < PROPFIRST > Swift ( Country ) . " 
Today- 1 : CSUSB Errands for Spring Quarter . 2 : Chat with Grandparents Gonzales , Dad , and Uncle Frisco . 3 : Clothes shopping where I saw a dream lady . 4 : Fried Fish dinner out with Grandma Fina and many other family and family friends . 
Plans for tomorrow ( Saturday ) 1 : Babysit my nephew . 2 : Attend spaghetti Dinner fundraiser . 3 : Visit \Ricky's\ " nightclub for dancing . " 
I visited with my Gonzales grandparents today . 
I bought my textbooks for upcoming classes . I started reading my computer science book . 
yay I'm reading my book for the upcoming computer class . I feel like a good guy when I study hard . I hope I don't get sick of studying until summer vacation . 
I love falling in love . It's a shame I don't support myself . That sounds like an oxymoron . How can I support myself . I can support someone and they can support me , but I can't support myself . That sounds right . 
For my English class , I find it hard to write ( type ) without editing it right away . 
my dad took my truck ( his truck ) back . And I'm dropping out of college again . 
I wish to go out dancing for fun every night . 
oh yay , I'm excited I can read my new day's horoscope . 
goodnight ! 
I feel so confused and spacey . 
IF YOU HAVE A SISTER WHO HAS MADE YOU LAUGH , PUNCHED YOU , STUCK UP FOR YOU , HUGGED YOU , WATCHED YOU SUCCEED , SAW YOU FAIL , PICKED YOU BACK UP , CHEERED YOU ON , MADE YOU STRONG , AND IS SOMEONE YOU CAN'T LIVE WITHOUT ; SOMEONE YOU CAN ALWAYS COUNT ON ...... RE-POST THIS IF YOU HAVE A SISTER YOU LOVE 
I saw this quote on another person's facebook and enjoyed it . \Interpretation not understanding . \"" 
I had made my mind up that I wanted to try to be a dancer at a gay nightclub . But , I discovered I can't live with my parents if I have that position . 
yay , my withdrawal from the university caused my finances to break even upon return of < PROPMALE > money . I got to keep my $40 from a recent lawn mow . 
I did chores today ( I'm usually unproductive ) . I vacuumed half the pool and mowed my lawn . 
Complaint : I don't like being dependent on my dad and mom . I won't like being dependent on my future employer . Mood : selfish 
continuing online job search now . 
time for sleep . 
There's so much that can go wrong in a romance . I don't want to waste any effort . I expect Prince/Princess Charming to pursue me , because I don't want to experience rejection again . I'm going to have to put some effort in to start a romance and to get a job . Gah . I hope it doesn't take homelessness to cure me of my laziness . 
yay I went out dancing finally ! I saw the < PROPFEMALE > of the club Miss < PROPFIRST > . Cheoww ! And < PROPFEMALE > (nifer ) , I love that you thought of me for < PROPFIRST>'s . Your sexy gaze rocks < PROPFEMALE > . I saw < PROPMALE > M . : a piece of heaven . I miss one of my girl crushes < PROPFEMALE > P . It feels like a movie when I have lofty adoration for her beauty . Everyone looks better and the bar < PROPMALE>'s itself looks better . Yay for improvement . 
I want some < PROPFEMALE>'s fries . I keep seeing ads for them on myspace . 
My dad plans to kick me out of his house tomorrow . 
well Dad seems to be in a better mood today from a call to me from his work . I guess that means I can stay living here . Even though he didn't explicitly say that I could stay , he apologized for his angry tone from last night . 
I'm staying awake to rebel quietly . 
I bought sunscreen within two days ago . I'm happy for that . Sunburn sucks . 
I like that I don't have to worry about studying anymore . 
I miss driving to class . I miss eating out . 
I'm happy I have music to listen to and internet to read about my family's and acquaintances ' lives . 
My dancing spirit is suffering . There's pressure to sleep early everyday . 
I understand how an adult knows the world better than a child from my experience with my nephew . But , I still resent my parents anyway . 
Though I felt a terrible grogginess this morning from missing my evening psychiatric medication yesterday , I feel more lively right now than in a long time . I did take my morning medication today though . 
I am almost ready to start my drive to < PROPMALE>'s bar in Victorville . 
I feel rested . I started sleep at 11pm yesterday . My insecurities and sleepiness crept into my night at < PROPMALE>'s so I came home . The dance exercise was great . 
I get stressed when a cute guy gives me some attention . I'm dancing in my room to let the energy out . 
I've had a mellow day today at home . What would you like find on my website that is in development ? I'm using Apple iWeb to design it . How was your day ? 
