got his Warped Tour ticket in the mail today : ) such an amazing line up this year . 

wow shitty week to be famous . 
blew up his circuit :( 
is an idiot and got his ear < PROPMALE > stuck in his ear at the gym . but trying to fish it out with finger only made it go in further ! :( 
Warped Tour : ) 
bought 4 Pink < PROPMALE > albums on vinyl 
poker . no < PROPFIRST > + no < PROPFIRST > + \the bank\ " < PROPFIRST > = Fair " 
is sick of cashiers that can't follow math a 2nd grader could do . 
MLIA has stolen hours from my life . 
I was watching a show last night on the science channel called \Superhuman\ " and it was on giants . I'm glad to know I could join up with the Justice League . " 
just heard what sounds like a < PROPMALE > cat killing a possum like 40 feet outside my window 
is it December yet ??? 
fml 
how did i get sick ?? 
Bills . LOL 
hates Physics labs 
looks forward to the day when , like the Matrix , knowledge is not learned , but downloaded . 
happy blasphemy day ! 
hates lab reports . 
thank you all for the birthday wishes . 
I should have been like < PROPMALE > and drop statics , rather than Dif EQ 
has been at school for over 12 hours :( 
' s car quit at a stop light and won't start . 
can someone give me a ride into school tomorrow ? 
wish's < PROPFEMALE > would leave him alone 
I better get a good grade on my physic's test after the < PROPFEMALE > points i earned on the way home . old people shouldn't drive . 
I wish I knew more about PSPICE because these circuits are killing me . 
loves watching these shows on the supernatural . where do they find these idiots ? 
lots of snow and no ABS . I'm going to die tomorrow . 
longest yet most eventful 4 hour shift i've ever worked 
last day of classes :) 
hates finals week 
holy shit .... what is going on in this town , kids keep dying ... 
bought a snuggie . 
3.22 gpa this semester :) 
cannot figure out how to do the < PROPFIRST > series in c++ using only a do {} while loop ! 
Procrastination makes it so hard to study for calc . 
Lock me up for not taking your orders , but don't lock me up for not leaving my home . -State Radio 
Seriously UB ? Either there is a gun or there isn't , pick one ! 
you ain't no weeble wobble ! 
apparently asking you to leave because the building is now closed is too much to ask for , so they just turn the lights off and expect you to leave . 
stop turning the lights off on me ! is it really too much to ask to be notified when the building is closed for the night ? 
Happy PI day 
is going to Philly . 
hates physics 
How can science majors not believe in evolution ? 
Damn you IEEE radio . work or don't work . pick one so fixing you will be easier ! 
need to get this programming assignment done . then enjoying a wonderful 7-8 hour drive to Philly for the weekend 
glad to be home where all the homeless people leave me alone . 
all-nighters are the worst . 
Dear Boston , suck it . 
Are finals over yet ?? 
Iron Man II in the IMAX tonight :) 
why won't Murphy leave me alone ? car broke down again :( 
\This is NOT my car !!!!! \"" 
dear IEEE people , can we please figure out what we're doing with the crap we salvaged before we hoard on to more shit ? 
This is < PROPFEMALE > , no one cares about the world cup . 
hey < PROPFEMALE > , look what they're doing to me . Trying to trip me up , trying to wear me down . 
i know i've done a good job scarring my mother when she screams so loud her voice cracks 
school for 4 straight hours of Dif EQ 
Gotta love AC 
Dr. Mahmood , stop adding hw problems whenever you get bored , this thing is already 10 pages long ! 
I have been parking in the furnas lot almost every day since the end of the semester , and now i get a ticket , wth !?! 
off to school to study . hopefully i'll be home before 1am for a change . -_- 
I've found the reason why all you can eat pancakes at < PROPFIRST>'s is only $4 , the waitress disappears as soon as she give you your plate ! Damn you < PROPFEMALE > , this is twice now ! 
Dr. Mahmood , I think it's only fair that you post our first exam scores before we take the second ... just sayin ' . 
7 hours watching the Dr. Who marathon was time well spent . 
pulled over twice , still no ticket :) 
shark week is overrated 
Last day of differential equations . :) 
B+ in Diff EQ :) 
There's not much more terrifying than designing a circuit that's pulling 20A of current as you stand inches away hoping it doesn't explode ... 
fixing an xbox wasn't as bad as i thought . now if apple made it , it'd take me days to fix ... I really hate < PROPMALE > Jobs . 
If Monday ever had a look and feel to it , this is it . 
dear UB , instead of building an EE building , maybe you should make some more parking spaces first . it took my 15 minutes just to find a spot today !!! 
idk what i'm doing at night to give me these weird dreams , but after 5 nights straight I wish they'd go away ! 
just spent $150 on circuit frabritation tools , thus the reason why I have to work durring semesters . 
How is it possible that a light push ( only hard enough to overcome the static friction ) is enough to shatter a beer bottle in my face ? but naturally as soon as i wipe off the foam from my mouth everyone needs to make a stop at the store . fml 
leave it to my group of friends and I to take a joking idea and turn it into a visible project that we're actually going to build . 
working til 2 then getting a suit and either going to school or grand island to study with < PROPFIRST > 
i find it weird that a plumber told me i could pee in the office's sink .... i think i'll walk to a different building first .... 
Shartopus party at < PROPFEMALE > Hall's apartment was well worth the drive and loss in studying time . 
TF2 is consuming my life 
I really need new tires . 1 flat and 1 on the way 
studying at UB , and trying my best NOT to play TF2 
... this is going to be a long night . 
just hit a deer ... where are all the hunters when you need them ? 
sister's wedding with my parents to basically be their \retarded son that they bring everywhere with them\ " .... maybe i'll wear a helmet too . ps sorry < PROPFEMALE > i meant \ " special\ " son . " 
Thank you apple for accepting apps that ruin my gpa 
thank you daylight savings time for giving me an extra hour to study 
why can I not find an effing quiet place to study on this campus !? 
helping to set up , then 12 nonstop hours of gaming . 
a < PROPFEMALE > party and a WoW party are NOT the same thing ! 
http://blog.makezine.com/ledColorOrgan-schem_r2.gif probably the simplist circuit I've ever seen , but yet the voltage follower , inverter , and band pass filters are ALL giving me problems . wtf 
I hate snow . I hate not having ABS more .... 
why do the ceilings have to be so thin in Fronczak . Every ten seconds I hear a marble hit the floor , it's like Chinese water torture ! 
I'm so glad I drove all the way up to school to teach this PSPICE workshop , only to have no one show up .... is this was professors feel like with their office hours ? 
Sometimes the UB list serves get hacked and result in awsomeness , this is one of those nights .... good luck finding diablo . 
I sent a text message to < PROPFIRST > Apholz saying that i was dying , but i put his number in wrong . I then get a text , followed by 3 calls from that number . I should probably reply before she calls the cops to have them search for me .... Cecilia < PROPMALE > would never do that . 
why do seasons of < PROPMALE > have to be so short ? 
the bible's wrong . Hell isn't fire , it's freezing cold ! 
all I can hope for is a massive curve on this final ..... all I need is a B in microelectronic circuits 
UB for the day 
with a nose bleed this aggressive , surely it must be a brain tumor . 
B in microelectronic circuits and devices , which means my GPA is FINALLY over a 3.0 ! 
after 13 stores down main and then transit , every one has altoids , altoid minis , and gum but not effing altoids gum ! 
thanks for changing the locks on the door to the office to a keypad ... sure would have been nice to give someone the code to get in though . 
I hate resumes 
why does my car ALWAYS break down ? 
Dear Sparkfun , can you please get servers that can handle all of this traffic for Free Day ? 
