watching some < PROPFEMALE > 

@ < PROPFEMALE > is a cunt !!! 
i just feel like a pile of shit today . i want to go back to bed forthe rest of my life . 
some people need to get hit . and fuck i know who is just asking for it . haha 
stupid bitches need to get over thier fucking problems . fuck fuck fuck . stop being a bitch and get over it !!!!!!!! 
drunk zombies are the best holla 
no math class today . im so glad !!! i wish i didn't come all the way out here though . but now i'll just use pcc's wifi holla 
life sucks then you die ! 
Sleeping like a lazy ass . haahhaahha 
math mid-term in an hour ! fuck !!!!!!! 
sitting at the square with steph < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > ! woot woot . haha 
ug i have no phone till i can find 15 bucks ! fuck fuck fuck 
life sucks right now . i wish i had money so i could get dunk ! 
tonight is so fucking shitty ! fuck 
im not even drunk fuck ! ooooo weed yes 
Wow I have more family on here now than friends . Now I feel like I have to sensor myself because of my little cousin’s hahaha . 
math is really pissing me off right now ! 
i want this week to be over already 
Right from their site : west baptist church will picket the rebellious brats and lying teachers at Heritage High School . You raised your children on a steady diet of lies -- it's okay to be gay , it's okay to fornicate whenever and with whomever you choose , and it's okay to murder any unborn child that results from your fornication 
getting drunk with the coolest people i know . arryal and steph !!!! fuck yeah . 
school , school , school . ug a cant wait for the summer 
not really looking forward to going home ; but alas , i must . 
this class is going to be fun . reserching why god doesnt exsist . haha 
pondering why so many people suck 
i wish i would stop going to dances . i hate dancing i need to embrace that . 
i want more sleep . what the fuck < PROPFIRST > 
what the hell people ! 
blah blah blah 
damn now i have to go write an essay . 
at meagans holla 
ug i can't sleep ! what the hell is wrong with me ? 
douche 
saying up all night to study ( and watch charmed ) the night before my final was NOT a good idea . i feel like i may just pass out during this damn test . 
gerr no more charmed . what am i going to do with myself ? 
bored bored bored 
at the < PROPFEMALE > with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > . holla 
pride was actually fun this year . im shocked . i have some blisters on my feet though damn it 
so many tough decisions . Shall i watch charmed or doctor who ?? 
at robbys new apartment . holla . i missed this bitch 
playing the settlers with < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > 
hanging out with my second family . i love me mexicans . lol 
just had a heated game of settlers with < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > . haha . 
watched the last episode of doctor who . holla ! now i want it to be december for the x-mas special 
i think im going to go see eclipse in imax tomorrow . anyone down ? 
my eternal clock is completly fucked ! 
life is quite boring at the moment . went to rommies wedding ! 
i just got done reading the girl with the dragon tattoo . i loved it . it was a bit slow in the begginning but i really injoyed reading it . now im hanging out with < PROPFEMALE > ! woot 
happy birthday to my sister < PROPFIRST > . rip 8/6/86- 2/17/06 
going swimming with < PROPFEMALE > today . woot ! 
partied hardy today ! woot 
Going on a midnight trip to seattle with < PROPFIRST > and taras 
And the trip begins . I just left vancouver !!!!!!! 
i am fucked ! ( metaphorically not literally ) 
outside the woonderball room . i have two hours left and then hanson 
in the venue waiting for the opening band to start . gerr i wish hanson could just play the whole time . 
first band is over now im waiting for the second band than hanson !!! 
now the real show begins ! hanson holla 
the waiting is aganizing 
today better blow my mind ! 
today was quite a good day . first i found 12 bucks . then i traded someone 3 ciggerettes for a bowl . it was pretty terrific . 
dammit i hate this weather ! 
i have a feeling today is going to suck ! 
its my brithday sunday ! im going to someones party at a manssion . im pretty stoked ! 
i think i might kill someone if i dont get a ciggerette soon . 
i kinda love mozzilla firefox . it makes sure i dont speel shit wrong . i tned to do that a lot . 
today better be epic ! 
i feel so lame right now . 
i wish i could skip the next 5 years of my life and just wake up and have my shit together . 
some people just blow my fucking mind sometimes . 
i really hate it when people have nothing but < PROPFEMALE > ass pictures , especially when its a photo of a large group . i mean what is the damn point of the picture if you cant see who or whats in it casue its so small ?...... idiots 
homophobia should be illegal ! 
I think I'm going insane . 
why do people feel the need to act like they are still in middle school . if you want to kick my ass stop talking shit and do it . then i can move on with life and you can get kicked out and be on the streets . 
went to a maze and pumpkin patch today . pretty awesome . 
going to sleep . holla ! 
today has been extremely boring ! fucksters 
“Of puns it has been said that those who most dislike them are those who are least able to utter them . ” - Edger < PROPFIRST > Poe . Pretty much my favorite . 
i had a mind blowing experience with one the raddest guys i know . holla < PROPFIRST > . 
that stupid d bag . always so unreliable . 
called into work today . i feel like total shit . 
there are three girls outside my window practicing thriller . haha . holla 
i sometimes wish i was as unemotional as i seem . 
im about to go < PROPFEMALE > out with my moms 
so spending time with my mom was actually fun . i was pleasantly surprised . 
Zombie walk today ! Holla 
I'm so irritated . I'm not going to zombie walk anymore . fuck it . 
\Of all the\ 
\The most authentic\ 
I went to an interview for food stamps today and the guy that interviewed me was such a < PROPMALE > . I swear he has such horrible assumptions of homelessness . 
for those doctor who fans . this is real name d³ ? x² 
my bed sounds very good right now . 
im going to kill someone my i pod is all sorts of fucked up ! 
what am i going to do for 8 hours ? 
just got done enjoying some < PROPFEMALE > from abroad with my cousin < PROPFIRST > . holla 
i got all dressed up for nothing . fucksters 
I love this time of year ! 
watching brick with < PROPFIRST > holla 
\Of all the animals 
< PROPFEMALE > Shepard needs to wake up . i want to watch glee . holla 
Blowing kisses to disinterested bitches 
i hate how myspace is trying to be more like facebook . its a bit pathetic . i think people would like myspace again if they went back to the old layouts . that seemed to be the turning point for myspace . and the fact that most of the people on there are under 16 . 
So < PROPMALE > pugs are pretty much adorable ! 
Funyuns and pumpkins seeds . The breakfast of champions . 
My computer chair is so fucked . fml 
Watching Pineapple Express with < PROPFIRST > holla . 
I really wish face-book would make a dislike option as well as a like . 
So I can feel my life spiraling downward . this is the calm before the storm . 
When the only thing on TV is poker after dark Its time to go the sleep . 
From November 15 to 20 , change your profile picture\ 
to your favorite cartoon from when you were a kid and invite your \ 
friends to do the same . The goal of this game is to not see a human \ 
picture on Facebook but an invasion of childhood memories until \ 
Monday ... 
When the only thing on TV is a religious infomercial/news cast its time to go to bed . 
< PROPFEMALE > shit people do you see this snow ? fuck my life ! 
I dont like that the snow has stoped 
going to go see < PROPMALE > potter tonight ! ooo and welcome to the rileys . im pretty stoked ! 
Fuck 
I hope it snows . kinda 
I'm pretty stoked about deviled eggs ! holla 
So this was my first black Friday experience . It wasn't as bed as i thought it would be . 
There isn't any milk so I had to use yogurt with my cereal . 
Watching Skins then going to bed . 
Spending quality time with my mom and I got locked out of the house . My mom and I were stuck outside for a good hour . haha FML . my mom is a champ though she scaled a six foot fence . she is 48 and only 5'1 . 
I'm so not excited to be back downtown . 
im so irritated ! 
I have the strangest craving for birthday cake . 
Singing an acapella version of milkshake with my sister ... Priceless 
< PROPFEMALE > fucking shit . I'm so relived ! 
there is a dubble rainbow outside right now . \what does this mean ? \"" 
< PROPFEMALE > shit people stop sending me requests to join cityville . FUCK CITYVILLE ! 
getting a tattoo today . holla 
going downtown right now . then leaving shortly after 
I'm sooo cool I have a fone now and stuff blah blah blahb 
jamming out to chicago with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > . this makes me miss my mom 
ok just because you have an overpriced camera doesn't make you a photographer . you just an idiot . 
anytime I'm on the bus and I'm listening to music . I can't help but imagine everyone getting and breaking out into song . 
I hate it when the only thing people post on their status are song lyrics . 
