A Nice rainy morning here in the northern valley . I'm loving it before going to scrub toilets . 

Disappointed in the final outcome in the niners game but my boys played hard . Just wish we weren't 0-2 now ..... Next week is at Chiefs , winnable but could be a trap . 
\I'll be your huckleberry \"" 
is jamming to Master of the House from < PROPMALE > Mis ! 
Night everyone and remember be excellent to each other ...... and PARTY ON DUDES ! 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > , thank you for great music 
Only way to cap another awesome day is with an episode of How I met your mother . 
What does love got to do with it ? 
She's an easy lover , she'll take your heart but you won't feel it .. 
Amazing how we all try to be individuals by enjoying in common interests ...... No one thought of that did they ? 
Hates Venn Diagrams with a passion , Hated it in elementary school , high school , and now the university level ..... Its just not concrete enough for me . I hate the olympic circle diagrams ... just all of it , that and sets . 
YES , I'm proud as niner fan to see my team help maintain the top draft position tonight 
Tired of the games in my mind : I know they say there is someone for everyone but I feel the options are limited . I ask the lord every night why can't I let myself shine in the world ? I'm attractive , great guy but some how every night it ends the same . These are suppose to be my best years of my life , but I'm afraid of living . The thought of her goes through my mind , Dear lord , please let me shine , help me move forward . 
We been spending most our lives living in an Amish paradise . 
Night of laughs will be awesome , But for those who truly know me , It's another typical day with sarcasm and jokes for J-dizzle . 
Saw Will Mafori tonight on campus , pretty fun stuff . 
Just over heard my floormate's friend talk about how awesome the roll of t.p. I put in the bathroom is ..... ROFL !!!!! 
Had a nice visit with my grandparents . Love them and thank them for everything . 
Attn to those who read this : I will be deleting some people on my face book . If you are the chosen one , I'm sure you'll move on and continue your life , but I've decided that I'm only going to be keeping my real friends on here from now on , Thanks ! 
Had an early bed time planned but then the craving for my new favorite drink < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE>'s kicked in and had to make a Winco Trip to buy few . 
LETS GO GIANTS !!!! 
Family visit , Work , Homework , Studying , cleaning my room , Watched the Hangover , more homework , Comedian at 9 , some more reading , Giants in the World Series , What a crazy beginning to another long week of college . Only if the Niners could get on < PROPFEMALE > . 
Ancient < PROPFEMALE > is kicking my butt ! So many new facts with Hindusim and Buddism . 
Likes how the Celtic fans are chanting over-rated when the Heat played so crappy and only lost by 8 . The Celtics are old and decaying . 
Had to make a mom-mom classic , a deli sandwich with butter rather than Mayo and mustard . 
All my sport teams won today , what at weird outcome . And tomorrow , my true self reborn and the epic journey continues ... 
Math homework time ! 
The little laptop that could and Giants world series champs . Awesome . 
My Tv gets NBA TV THANK YOU LORD , THANK YOU MEAMAW AND GRANDAD 
So much for prop 19 lol , I figured business owners had a lot to do with it . Not wanting their employees smoking during breaks . It'll come up again in 2 more years for sure . No doubting it . Anyone have news on prop 23 ? 
More college kids need to vote if they want to see their propostions pass . Older citizens tend to vote more conservatively enough said lol 
Watching reruns of Brothers and Sisters , trying to find some strength to write more on my paper after a long day . 
Was awarded the APLE , an assumption program to repay my loans ! I'm stoked !!! 
getting ready for flag football . 
YAY 49ers comeback to win ! 
Another day down .... the excitement kills me ... 
Yay , Noodles for Dinner ! 
Bring on Math Exam part 1 , I am ready now ! 
Happy Thanksgiving to all . Friends of New and Old . Even if we're going through roughtimes , I still care for you all . Thanks for family and all the gifts and opprutinities the Lord has blessed upon me . May you all ; my Friends , families , and enemies have a Happy Thanksgiving . God Bless . 
31 more pages on Ancient < PROPFEMALE > to read ! than quiz . Than either reading environmental science or the Bible . Tough Choices . 
49ers won an ugly game but I'll take it , We still have a < PROPMALE > to win this cruddy division . 
< PROPFIRST > and me are in a New York State of mind ! 
Time for my delicious homecooked meal . 
Another typical Friday night , with silence and so many questions . 
Well good game steelers . 
Notices that we live in a society where friendship is put on back burner . 
Glad to Hear < PROPMALE > is gonna cut more funding for education ! .............. 
4 of top 10 least Brainy Cities are in California . Yea so cutting education is a worthy cause . 
Rock MY WORLD LIL COUNTRY GIRL !!!! 
After a walk around Barnes and < PROPMALE > , The conquest for knowledge gives me a feeling of my purpose . Although , I will never learn everything there is in the world or why but the pursuit entices me to never quit learning and that tolerance will lead to the spread of understanding , humility , and ultimately love for all mankind . 
< PROPFIRST > Gyorfi is so good that he screws up cooking rice and it turns out just as planned . 
has studied about all the ancient Eastern Hemipshere and MesoAmerican Cultures . And by All , I mean all , for the past 8 hours including : Locations , Documents , Change over time , Political , Social , and Philosophical movements plus historical meaning of each . If I don't do well on this final . Than I just don't get it lol . 
Done with finals but now has the what now ? feeling 
Rearranged the Man Cave . 
Is so recognized around the world that Fox 20th Century wants to make a documentary . With < PROPFIRST > Freemen commentary . Theme song and other products are coming soon . I personally for all the ladies out there , would pick up The J Smooth Lounge by Mattel , toy set for < PROPFEMALE > collectors out there . Yes , the mini bar is included . Disco ball and water bed not included . 
Enjoyed watching the niners finally choke themselves away to the offseason . 
The niners may be dead but the Heat torched the Lakers . Ahhh bitter sweet . 
ATTENTION : Everyone should remove their name from the Spokeo.com by clicking on the privacy link on the bottom of the < PROPFEMALE > . I searched most of my known friends on Facebook and was able to find out almost everything , and more if I'm willing to Pay !!! Please do it ASAP . Identity theft happens this way ! or worse . 
niners got their coach , now we need a decent qb . 
15 men on a dead man's chest . Yo ho ho and a ton more rum for me ! 
J E T S JETS JETS JETS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Turn out the Light the party's over !!! All Good things must end !!! Kansas City was < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > easy . On to Pittsburgh to beat Big < PROPMALE > . 
Ahh another day in the life of the gyorfster , Got myself a nice turkey that I'm cooking following with some potatoes and green beans . Yes ladies , I am not just eye < PROPFEMALE > , I know how to cook and clean . 
Seriously Oregon , you keep giving Nike \favors\ " for new uniforms and sponorship .... pathetic " 
Tigers back on top ! 
Now the Ducks can have a shirt that says 12-1 !!!!!! HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA TAKE THAT HIPPIES !!!!! Auburn Natl Champs , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > power . 
Wonders why people are so concerned with Zodiac ? Can't people just take responisbilty for their own personality as just a part of them . Not of where the earth was in the sky when they were born . 
Ok new update for you Zodiac Lovers , If you were born before 2009 , Your signs are still the same due to the earth's location relative to the sun when you were born on that day . 
A tear comes to my mind since I knew the Niners could have been in the playoffs ..... Oh well they were pretty bad this year bwahahaha 
Good game , Higher scoring than I expected but it ruins my bet !!!!!! GO PACK GO !!!! since my niners are sleeping at home bwhahaha 
J E T S JETS JETS JETS !!!!!! My Picks are ROLLING YAHLL 
Let's go gang green , J E T S , JETS JETS JETS 
GO PACK GO , in 2 weeks , the rusters will have to play an actual qb and great offense ! 
First of all , I want to thank all my friends & family who wished me Happy Bday . Shout out to < PROPFIRST > for my cake , < PROPFIRST > for my bobble head , < PROPFEMALE > for my card and ice cream , and < PROPFIRST > for my disney merchandise . In closing , the last 22 years were some fun times and experiences . I've feel awesome for the first time in awhile . Here's to the next 22 years . Signing off from the lounge -J.T 
Go Pack Go 
Congrats to Chico's native son , < PROPFIRST > Rodgers and the Pack . 
Wow < PROPFIRST > Rodgers also gets a WWE Championship belt as well , Geez , Well I guess it shows that a small town person can it make it big if one seizes the oppritunity 
“Then said Jesus unto his disciples , If any man will come after me , let him deny himself , and take up his cross , and follow me . ”-Matthew 16:24 . Today , I have decided christ is my saviour . Lord be patient with me down this path . 
Gained an extra 4 hours of work and allowed in to come in the afternoon on Sundays so I can go to church . Prayers do work . 
FINALLY THE ROCK HAS COME BACK TO THE WWE !!!!! 
To Undertaker : ITS TIME TO PLAY THE GAME !!!! 
have a personal reason for asking if everyone could please put this as their status for one hour . Think of someone you know or love who has had cancer . My prayer is that in 2011 a cure will be found . Will you post it ? Just one hour . Do it for all of us . There are too many to mention who have fought and are fighting cancer . 
Loves listening to < PROPFIRST > Sinatra while studying , Thanks mom lol . 
All of us have a thousand wishes , to be thinner , have more money , have a cool car , a day off , a new phone , to date the person of your dreams . A cancer patient only has one wish , to kick cancer's ass . I know that 97% of you won't post this as your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do . In honor of someone who died , or is fighting cancer , or even had cancer , post this for at least one hour 
Remember < PROPFIRST > Cena , that he is the Miz and he's .... AAAWWWEESOME !!!!!! 
1 Corinthians 13:4 –8a \ 
Love is patient , love is kind . It does not envy , it does not boast , it is not proud . It is not rude , it is not self-seeking , it is not easily angered , it keeps no record of wrongs . Love does not delight in evil but rejoices with the truth . It always protects , always trusts , always hopes , always perseveres 
TO My Humboldt and Friends on Coast : Woke up to a warning of a 8.9 Quake in Japan , Hawaii had a tsunami , While Waves swells expecting to Hit between Crescent City , And San Franciso . Stay away from immediate water fronts today guys . Love you all . 
Enjoying the surreal life of a college student while being on a break . Great time for personal reflection and prayer . Back n ' buiznezz . To the Haters : \kiss it \"" 
Glad to see the Sharks are heating up again . 
Finally ........ FINALLY Jt-SMOOTH HAS COME BACK TO CHICO CALIFORNIA !!! 
Dear WWE : Make < PROPFIRST > Cena a heel again . He was talented at that position . 
\She reminds me that a woman has one thing on her mind ... \ " Ahh Early 2000's music . < PROPMALE > Martin-She Bangs " 
Loves to find his books through his backpack have also been soaked from the Monsoon here in Chico 
Facebook cleansing is beginning . Don't need anymore timewasters in my life . Need time to get my mind right . Peace 
You get to a point where enough is enough , Sink or swim ? Even though I still may drown , it's the effort of trying which may ease the cause . Question is do I want to try ? 
Nice to see the undertaker and Deadliest Catch have the same theme music ....... A nice brightspot for a change . 
“If God sends us on strong paths , we are provided strong shoes . ”-Corrie Ten Boom . New attitude , new strength . Thank you lord for those who help me . 
Irritated ,........ Some people love to worry and bring others sadness . 
Colossians 3:5 - Therefore put to death your members which are on the earth : fornication , uncleanness , passion , evil < PROPFEMALE > , and covetousness , which is idolatry . 
Off to work , Than Wrestlemania , Than Homework and test review . God thank you for speaking to me in Church today . Galatians 6:9 
