is WOWing in < PROPFIRST > ! I can't believe I'm looking forward to getting home already !! 

loves to label people , and will do so again tonight !! :-) 
is watching the Tigers !! 
slept until 11:00 a.m. This is what God created summer vacation for ... yes , sir !!! 
supports the \separation of church and hate . \"" 
wants everyone to < PROPFIRST > their calendar for March 6 , 2010 . Terrytown is celebrating it's 50th Anniversary as a community . We're starting a festival , and have some AWESOME musical acts : < PROPFEMALE > Shaw , Top Cats & Rockin ' Dopsie !!! How's that for kicking off 
is thinking that if there is anything in this world BETTER than cuddling in a rocking chair with a baby ... he's yet to find it !! After a week of doing that , I'm going through withdrawal .... I need a fix ... soon !! :-) 
rocked with Green Day . Easily one of my Top 3 concerts of all time . 
Summer is officially over ... teachers return today ! So begins the 36 week crawl to \next summer . \ " :-) " 
is ready for the kids to come back tomorrow . More kids equals less teachers being \needy\ " in my office . :-) " 
is ready to make some tacos !!! 
Back to the Dome in the morning ... it's that time of year !! 
is ready for a busy weekend ... reunion , football , Journey concert , and then watching the Saints stomp the Bills . Then back to the grind on Monday . How many more weeks until Thanksgiving break ? 
is counting down the days until Thanksgiving break !! 
Just indulged in a 5-course meal at Impastato's . Man ... was that excellent , and the two of us got out of there for under $60 ( pre-tip ) . I think I'm gonna have to go back there soon ... delicious ! 
I have to tickets to the Hornets v . Clippers this Wednesday night ( 1-13-10 ) . $20 for two ... anyone want them ? Row 2 , Section 305 ... great seats ... great fans on either side ! 
just realized how young ( or clueless ) my wife is .... she's never heard of Shakey's pizza or the Joust video game . Uggghhh .... 
is proud of his awesome softball team ... improved to 3-1 with an impressive victory over Avondale ( 11-1 ) . 
is on the countdown .... only 4 more wake-ups until we bid adios to the students ; 5 more for everyone else . Even though I go until June 17 , I'm looking forward to the slower pace . 
is still counting down .... 3 more wake-ups before the kiddos take a hiatus for the summer . 
is wondering ... are the students gone yet ? Nope ! Are the teachers gone yet ? Nope ! Darn ... where's my summer vacation ? :-) 
is soooooo ready for June 17 to arrive . 
thinks MLB needs to quit being so darned stubborn !! Instant replay is needed for MORE than fair/foul on dingers . 
is hoping that RIF doesn't catch some by surprise ... always have a Plan B . 
knows he's in Louisiana when a flying cockroach can zip around a packed restaurant , and everyone just sort of ducks like it's a common housefly . Unreal ! 
is a dyslexic , agnostic insomniac . 
British Petroleum announced today that they will no longer hire Cajuns to help in the cleanup . Thiobodeaux , Boudreaux and Fontenot were told to clean as many brown pelicans as they could . So far , Thibodeaux has cleaned and gutted over 56 birds while Boudreaux made the roux and Fontenot cooked the rice . ( Only in Louisiana , eh ? ) 
Test your skills : http://games.toast.net/independence/ 
Thinks ... therefore he ______ ? 
is ready for season #23 !! 
... only 182 days of school remaining !! 
\library\ " time . " 
... and Atlanta STILL doesn't have a Lombardi . I'm just saying .... 
