Someone call me . I seam to have lost my phone again . I can hear the ding from the txt messages .... but i cant find it .... 

Iv'e had a good time here in Corpus < PROPFEMALE > and Portland , seeing old friends and hanging out . I am sad to be leaving tomorrow . 
Randomly ran around the college campus dressed as a pirate with my friends who dressed as scotsmen 
Dropkick Murphys are playing in < PROPFIRST > March 1st .... :-D 
All-Con 2010 was a great start to Spring Break ! Saw old friends , made new ones ;-) had a Blast ! Ill be posting the pictures in a few days !!! 
Going out to the mud trails for a bike ride with Sparky and Nate !!! 
Gearing up for the St. Pattys Day Shindig 2010 !!! Txt me if your interested in attending ! 
Just finished making over 120 jello shots !!! 
After such a crazy week my day has been pretty boring . anyone want to go to a movie or something ? 
one more hour , getting ready to go meet < PROPFIRST > at Buffalo wild Wings for celebritory Wings and Beer !!! 
five < PROPFIRST > and cokes , two shots , and a long island ice tea . I had a great night ! and made it home safe and sound . thanks for the great time < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , Ripp and < PROPFEMALE > . i love you guys ! 
Not ready for class tomorrow . 
no school tomorrow ... so that means going on out with friends tonight .. i think ill take a nap while i can ... yes ... sleep sounds good . 
I think I might have decided to transfer to UNT . Watch out < PROPFIRST > . 
would really appreciate it if someone would volenteer to come over and help me all nighter my english paper . 
has a stomach virus and feels like shit 
Is feeling a little better today . 
Drinking at Grams with < PROPFIRST > , Sparky , and Ripp 
lazy friday . 
I'm thinking , girls night and margaritas . I've got the blender and the tequilla . need ice and mix :-D 
needs a vacation . Anyone want to goto < PROPFIRST > this weekend ? 
Currently , Not happy with my English teacher . Angry , very angry . 
Geek night ! Beer and Torchwood with < PROPFEMALE > . 
I've just been informed that there are Imaginary < PROPFIRST > . As if I didn't have enough trouble with math to begin with , I am now utterly confused . 
Why can't things be simple ? I just want to goto < PROPFIRST > , see my friends , and have a good time . The forces of the Universe are against me today . 
Because I'm the kind of friend that rolls into town with a bottle of < PROPFIRST > and a 30 pack ;-) 
Just got back to East Texas . I had a great time hanging out in Denton with Peyton and Scarborough was a blast . Hope to go back sometime soon but for now its off to class I go ! 
Its a beautiful day to be outside playing frisbee golf , with Rip and Sparky . 
Doing Math homework with < PROPFEMALE > 
Hangin out in the cafe . Doing more math . waiting for 630 to goto my night class . 
Two more sections = 40 problems & one more Quiz = 15 problems . Almost done . I MIGHT get all this math homework finished efore 4am .... wish me luck 
Finished all my math homework and quizes , coming out with a 94 avg and its not even 3:30 am yet . Woooot !!!! Sleepy time , then math test in the morning . 
Shindig tonight , my place . Txt/call let me know if your down to party . 
Mighty fine Shindig . 
Studying for my Biology test tomorrow with Mat . Going to be a late night . 
being crafty and making jewelry ! 
< PROPFEMALE > , the rock opera version , Is playing Saturday , may 15th at 8 in Bergfeild Park < PROPFIRST > . Free admission ! My sisters school is putting it on and they do an Amazing job . Please come see it ! 
Root beer floats and Torchwood with < PROPFEMALE > tonight . Swear we didn't spike them with Wiskey , well much :-D 
having a nerd-gasm . < PROPFIRST > Marsters in Torchwood .... Sexy Sexy Sexy 
Wants to take a road trip to see the Dalai Lama give a public talk at the univeristy of Northern Iowa . On the 16 or the 18 of may . Its like a 16 hour drive and ill need company , who wants to go with me ? 
Been studying all weekend . 
Watching Excel Saga 
playing frisbee golf ! 
Sleep . Sweet succulent wonderfully rejuvinating sleep ... 
Just started watching the Fouth season of Dr. Who with < PROPFEMALE > . 
The Chaos is abundant on my doorstep . 
Sunday Night before finals . All is quiet on the homefront . Laptops are out , books are on the table . Trying to cram our minds full of knowledge to weather the pending storm . 
Finals study group @ my apartment . Probibly going to be a late night , so if anyone else wants to show up let me know . I'm making brownies !!! 
Cant concentraite any longer . Going to try to wake up early to study more before my bio finals tomorrow . keep your fingers crossed for me , this ones going to be a close call . 
one more final . tomorrow . then im finished . thank gods . almost there . 
Last exam is in the bag , now to wait for the results of the semester . 
gearing up for tonights shindig . I need a volenteer ( tastetester ) to help make trashcan punch , any takers ? 
woot ! found my camera ! 
If your not at this party ... you should be ! 
:: blank :: 
Road trip ! 
Just crossed over into Oklahoma ! 
just ran laps `round the welcome to missouri rest station . 2hours till bed . hoo-rah !! 
just splatered a lightning bug on the windshield ... and its still glowing !! 
we got our 3 am good samaratin < PROPFEMALE > . helped a mexican lady that hit a deer . we need to learn spanish . 
Just found a warehouse the size of walmart full of nothing but Fireworks ... * drool * 
Iowa is flat and stinky 
At a college bar in Iowa , playing trivia . 
the beer here in iowa is only 2.5% . WTF ?!?! 
Feeling Enlightened . Definetly worth the drive . 
Hanging out with Beckers and < PROPMALE > in st. < PROPFIRST > 
Another late night on the road . Someone plz call me . Sparky and < PROPFEMALE > are asleep . I'm tired , bored , and have at least another two hours on the road tonight . is anyone out there still awake ? 
I've driven over 1500 < PROPMALE > in three days . I've been awake for nearly 24 hours . exhaustion doesn't even begin to explain it . 
Hanging out in Branson Missouri . 
hanging out at a bar called the Rowdy Beaver , listining to some great live music ! 
Home again Home again . I've driven over 2000 < PROPMALE > through 7 states , saw the Dalai Lama , < PROPMALE > out with friends in Missouri I've known awhile but never met , and got a new tattoo . Overall I had an excellent adventure . 
Its not so bad waking up this early . Its nice outside too , oddly motivating . I find myself wanting to go out and so something productive this morning . This I feel would be a grand idea ; however , due to my usual hours being mostly noctural , I have absolutly no clue what one would normally do at this hour . 
Imagination is more important than knowledge , for knowledge is limited while imagination embraces the entire world . - < PROPFIRST > Einstein 
Iron Man 2 was badass . 
Taking my little sister Camp shopping . 
Free corgi puppy in need of good home 
Dear friends , My cellular device received an unfortunate dowsing this evening . Since then it has slowly begun to cease function . I fear I shall be unreachable for a few days , until such a time as my blackberry is raised from its watery grave , or replaced . Due to these circumstances , if those of you wishing to remain in contact with me would please me your phone < PROPFIRST > , i would greatly appreciate it . Thank You . ~ Rad ~ 
Hanging out with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > , gonna play munchkin and video games woot ! 
Mat brought me Sushi and fried rice from Kobee's yey ! 
en route to San < PROPFIRST > , Damn all this road contruction ! 
Just spend the last 2 hours driving through the most instense thunder storm I've seen in a long time . Heavy rain , high winds , and hail . I'm glad to report that my sister and I made it to San < PROPFIRST > safe and sound . 
Up late driving back from San < PROPFIRST > . anyone still awake want to call and keep me company ? 
:: Blank :: 
Blue Oyster Cult live @ Alleyfest ! 
It's a nice quiet Sunday afternoon . Might do a little cleaning , then sit down in a cozy chair with a glass of ice tea and a good book . Last day of freedom , afterall , Summer 1 term starts tomorrow . 
There's nothing friends and a late night trip to Ihop can't solve 
On the verge of a mental breakdown . 
Despite the earlier issues of the day it turned out to be a great night . < PROPFEMALE > drove up from Corpus , then we went and saw a friends band play in < PROPFIRST > , ihop and now beer and netflicks with friends . 
Watching < PROPMALE > Potter and the Chamber of Secrets with < PROPFEMALE > , Mat , and hat-guy . 
Resting up for the crazy week to come 
Helping a friend move . yey for hauling boxes and furniture ! 
I need a favor and a truck , tonight if possible . Will pay gas . Can anyone help me out ? 
Drunken Shinanagins . tonight . my house . call me . 
At Buffalo Wild Wings with friends ! 
how the hell do I keep finding myself moving boxes in the middle of the night ?! 
Never count your chickens before they hatch , lest the whole bunch turn rotten . < PROPFEMALE > is trulely a virture I need to work on . It's back to the drawing board with fesh ideas and a whole new perspective . 
Teaching < PROPFEMALE > to drive my car . 
Having a much needed geek night with < PROPFEMALE > . Torchwood FTW ~ ! 
yes ; we are really having a N64 pokemon stadium tourniment , in my living room . Wow . 
Overslept and missed class . I've got a paper due tomorrow . I guess I had better get started . 
My paper is printing . time for some sleep then class in four hours . oh joy . 
My car won't start . FML . I've got cables , if there's anyone in kilgore who would be willing to come save me ? 
I don't like Monday . or perhaps Monday doesn't like me . 
Studying for my World Religion final tomorrow . 
Made an A on my final . hanging out with Sparky and Peyton for lunch . 
Fixing moms hot tub . Again . Really people , if your going to buy expensive toys and not take proper care of them . they will eventually cease to function . I can't always be around to Fix Everything ! -.- 
Cant sleep . Deer Dance by System of a Down is stuck in my head . I randomly find myself singing it as i walk around cleaning my apartment . 
I love the smell of freshly mowed grass in the summer 
Just saw a Black Widow in my car .... its still there somewhere .. 
Bug bombed my car last night . Hopefully it killed the Black Widow because I'm about to drive back to East Texas . Now I just have to worry about it being alive still somewhere and pissed off or the fumes getting to me on the way home . yey -.- 
Ready . Set . Shindig ! 
Its been a long crazy crazy weekend . I think ill < PROPFEMALE > out on my sofa and read a book today . 
Well I decided against dropping the math class . First day wasn't so bad either . 
Needs a Graphing Calculator . Does anybody have one I can borrow for a month ? Please ? :-) 
Cruising creepy black top roads with mat 
Peyton and I would like to plan a camping trip . anyone interested ? 
Hello < PROPFIRST > , I have arrived ! 
Went on the UNT Campus tour this morning . Other than the sweltering heat I'd say it was informative and enjoyable . 
Whiskey , you're the devil , you're leadin ' me astray . Over hills and mountains and to AmericaeYou're sweeter , stronger , decenter , you're spunkier than taeO whiskey , you're my darlin ' drunk or sober 
Home again home again 
Went to bed early but now I can't sleep :-( 
Sleep . Clean . Study . 
Going to be another late night getting ready for a math test . 
< PROPFIRST > is painting my toenails ! 
I need a change of scenery . Perhaps ill go study in the library today . Anyone care to join me ? 
Reading Beowulf was like drinking a Pangalactic Gargleblaster and being read Vogon poetry . In fact seeing as we aren’t sure who originally wrote Beowulf , perhaps it was the \ 
Vogons . 
Time for a little hard earned rest and relaxation ... for a few hours at least , then the weekend mode goes to Essays , math homework and starting my research paper -.- 
The quietest friday night I've had in a long time 
More math homework 
looks like the crazy people across the street might have burnt their house down . cross your fingers this might get rid of them ! 
English test in 2 hours ..... Fml 
So I was just offered a job at the bookstore ... I'm seriously considering the offer . 
Research paper is coming along slowly but surely . maybe if I can finish the rough draft tonight I can go to < PROPFIRST > tomorrow night . 
Playing Dungeons and Dragons in Denton with Peyton and his friends . 
Just bought a < PROPFEMALE > Rpg book ... my nerd is showing ... :-D 
enjoying hanging out on the sofa with my dear < PROPFEMALE > ninja and good friend mat watching Greek . just what I needed . 
Apparently the school library has been closed due to air conditioner failure . FML I need 4 more sources . So I'm currently hiding in the booksamillion working on my research paper and math . 
There are llamas dancing in my kitchen ... 
94 on my British Lit Unit test ! 
Research paper complete and submitted . on time :-) 
Mmmm Sushi 
Four more days .. almost done with Summer II classes ! 
Finals tomorrow .... 
84 on my British Lit final ! 
Chilling with my homies from Mineola 
< PROPFIRST > Hood Men in Tights . Awesome movie 
Currently wondering who left the box of pancakes in the back of my car ? 
Had a great weekend . Toga party was a blast , I'm actually excited about school starting tomorrow . Last semester at kilgore :-) 
Facebook is finally working on my cell phone again !!!! 
It is such a nice day ! Will anyone come share a game of frisbee golf with me ? 
Cold Coors Light . Its a Beautiful Damn thing . 
Hanging out with < PROPFEMALE > in the Library 
Doing laundry at moms house 
Up all night playing halo 3 with sparky < PROPFIRST > hat guy hippie and gunman . Few hours of sleep then to < PROPFIRST > !! 
Omg ! Its a llama !!!! 
Just got home from anime fest . I had a great time , and made some cool new friends . wish we could have stayed longer ; however I'm glad to be home and not having to share a room with five other people . 
today was a most grand day for a game of frisbee golf 
It's not the destination , but how you get there that really matters 
Flip flops finally gave out . I have to walk back to my car barefoot -.- 
Stuck in line at the DMV 
What's on your mind ? 
Drinking 151 to Boondock Saints . Fuck !!! lol Bring it on !! 
Frisbee Golf !!! 
Anybody interested in going to FenCon with me this weekend ? 
Bored :-( 
Well things were looking good for FenCon . had a room , had people to go with . I was excited ! they both bailed at the last minuet and I'm back to square one . Again . seriously ? people need to make up their God damned minds about shit and stick to it . 
Icing on the cake : my Air Conditioning just busted . 
Despite the universe's effort to thwart me ; I have made it to FenCon ! 
Its been a good freaking weekend . I love FenCon . 
A/C broke down again while I was gone . thermostat says its 100+ degrees in my apartment . Killed half my fish tank :-( 
Hanging out with hat guy and < PROPMALE > watching netflix 
The A/C in my apartment is working again !!! yey ! 
Hanging out in the cafe at the college with my eclectic collection of crazy friends . 
Halo Reach = Epic Awesomeness 
Going to the movies to see Easy A with my little sister ! 
Anyone up for a game of frisbee golf today ? 
Watching a friends band play @ Fast < PROPMALE>'s 
Wants to make pancakes 
Just finished submitting transfer applications to UNT and < PROPFIRST > College . 
Its a beautiful day to be outside . anybody want to go on a bike ride or head to the park for some frisbee golf ? 
Well didn't get to play frisbee golf today but a bunch of my buddies came over and we had a halo reach < PROPFEMALE > party FTW ~ ! 
Hello Four o'clock in the morning , can I have my sleep back now please ? 
Hello Weekend . It's great to see you again :-) 
Shindig !!!! 
Its really starting to get cold outside early in the mornings ... 
Good morning < PROPFEMALE > shine the Earth says hello 
Playing Monopoly with < PROPMALE > , sparky and Hat-guy . 
Stupid people never cease to amaze me . 
Mischief Managed 
carving pumpkins with < PROPMALE > 
It has been awhile since I was up all night reading a good book :-) 
Finally ! On I-20 headed to < PROPFIRST > ! 
Yo , ho , haul together , hoist the colors high . Heave ho , thieves and beggars , Never Shall We Die ! 
Beer and Monopoly . Its starting to become a frequent thing around here . 
Sooo tired ... ugh . 
Feeling .... Disconnected ... 
I want to know , have you ever seen the rain ..? 
Ihop :-) 
One day , I will learn my lesson on procrastination . 
Someone come to moms house and get in the ho t-t ub with me ? 
Spent time out at moms house today . 
Woke up with an unexplanable headache . Ugh . 
Playing pool up @ Corner Pocket with < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > . Join us if you can ! 
I'm just learning how to smile , that's not easy to do ... 
High-school concession stand chillie dogs ... oh joy . 
Happy Halloween 
Destroying the Status quo because the Satus is totally not Quo . 
Frozen M&M's are amazing . 
Got my UNT acceptance letter today . Still waiting to hear back from < PROPFIRST > College . However as of today it is official i will be residing somewhere north of < PROPFIRST > next semester . 
Woke up to the fire alarm when < PROPFEMALE > managed to set my kitchen on fire ... but she made me breakfast so its all good . 
Thank Gods my weekend is here 
Wants a hot cup of tea and a good book 
Playing pool and having a beer with < PROPMALE > and Mat . 
Finals are less than a month away ... 
Watching season 4 of Doctor Who with < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Hat-guy just showed up at my apartment with Ninja kittys clone . 
@ < PROPFEMALE>'s ACU theater audition ! 
possibly excited 
Sweet Zombie Jesus its COLD outside ! 
Study session @ Ihop ! Bring your books and join us in the take over ! 
Cheers , to Good Friends ! 
My sister and I were successful in our thanksgiving cooking endeavor . Hope everyone's had a good time with their families ! Happy Thanksgiving ! 
Bowling ! 
So ... I'm totally in Oklahoma right now 
Studying ! 
Dinner and Studying @ Ihop . Join us if you can ! 
One more day to go and the semester is over ..... I'm a little sad and relieved at the same time 
Last final ... 
Ode to Whiskey 
watching the lunar eclipse with my little sister 
Me : Hat-guy why are you on the floor ? 
Me : Hat-guy why are you on the floor ? Will : because I couldn't decide what couch to sleep on . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ! Blessed Be ! 
I've been accepted to < PROPFIRST > College !!! 
I need to borrow someone with a truck pretty please ... 
Moving is such a pain . 
First day in the new apartment and its snowing !! 
What's on your Mind ? 
Goodbye East Texas ! 
Missing all my friends who had the habit of randomly dropping by in the middle of the night . The back porch just isn't the same without ya'll . 
Just got a haircut .... 
Hates mornings 
First day of classes at < PROPFIRST > College 
So apparently classes are cancelled today . first week of school and I've hardly been there lol 
Driving through a snowstorm 
Having a beer and watching the game . Go Green ! 
Its a nice bright sun shiny day ! Maybe ill actually be able to attend class this week ! 
Ninja-kitty , whom was in the care of my brother and sister-in-law , was hit by a car today . 
Today would be a great day for frisbee golf ... now if I can just find someone in < PROPMALE > to play with me .. 
I'm pretty sure I blew another speaker in my car this morning . Nissan Versa stock systems just weren't designed to handle System of Down 
My laptop just crashed taking my psych paper with it :-( 
Technology and I are disagreeing this week . I shall offer a bottle of whiskey to whomever among the tech gods of my fb friends wishes to come help me combat my computer/networking issues . :-D 
Just finished ordering my new laptop from alienware :-D 
Think I'm ready for a new tattoo , anyone up for a road trip ? I know an excellent artist in Branson , missouri 
Time for the Research Methods Midterm :-/ 
Mat and Tini came to < PROPMALE > to see me for Spring Break !!!! yey !!! 
St. < PROPFEMALE>'s Day Shindig @ my apartment tonight !!! Come if you can ! 
I <3 All-Con !!! 
Goodbye spring break , I miss you already 
Dear East Texas , I will be in henderson this weekend for my birthday 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes everyone !!! 
Starcraft II is pretty awesome 
