I think ... that the tick trying to burrow into my arm is a strong indication that OFF is overrated ... now i have to find something else to repel the bugs when hiking ... I was thinking < PROPFEMALE > wrap , rain boots , dish gloves , and duct tape . hm 

Lookin for shoes to buy for my new job !!! :D 
is very ready for a vacation ... 
is loving my new tattoo !! I want MORE !! lol 
Say yah to the UP , eh ? ? 
:D 
Thanks for the birthday wishes !! 
is going to be happy when classes are over(almost ! ) , then when the move is done and we are FINALLY settled somewhere ..... 
Yay , Done with this semester and going to sign the lease on our new place tomorrow !! With luck we will be moved in time for Christmas and I will still have time to put up some lights !! 
Excited to finally be taking some classes in my concentration ...... VERY anxious to see how I will do though ... 
didn't know how tired thinking so hard would make me ... I don't to that to often ... 
... Wishing that I didn't have to sleep ... It's a waste of time , time that I could be studying ... 
So now how many times are we going to move in 2010 ? 
heard a lot today . 
I can't stop coughing ... I need more drugs ... 
tired already ............................................................................ 
is starting to get exhausted from a long study day ... about to call it quits for now 
Going to bed ... hopefully there will be a snow day when I wake up ?? 
not feeling very motivated today ........ 
had a good day today !! Got to help restrain horses for shots and got to meet a belgian that was as big as a shire !! that horse was huge ! Definitely the biggest animal I have ever seen in person ! 
I normally don't do these copy and paste status things , but this one is well deserved :) >> If you have a wonderful husband , fiancé , or boyfriend that works hard to take care of you and would do anything for you , then repost this as your status to give the honest good men out there the recognition that they deserve . Because ... great men are few and far between , and I have one of them ! 
Well , I got a break this quarter , I might not be so lucky next time so NO more procrastination !!!! 
Drove around today for no particular reason , basically just to have my windows down , enjoy the breeze and listen to music ... now just waiting for < PROPFIRST > to get outa work so we can head up to the yoop , pick up our bikes , and spend some time at the KBC ... yay : ) 
just watched a flock of geese get herded down the road by two ford trucks and a woman with a christmas < PROPFEMALE > cane decoration . Welcome back to the sticks .... 
Just got back from taking a little Shih Tzu mix to animal control that I about ran over ... Of course she had a collar but had no tags , nasty toes , and was in all around horrible condition . She seemed like such a sweet girl and hopefully she will find a new family that will take care of her . Her old family sure wasn't . People never cease to disgust me . 
Going hikin with < PROPFIRST > and the pups :D 
Kavik just found a baby < PROPFEMALE > ... I stopped him from flinging it around ... then Wisper nosed it and it went hopping along ... Then nasty fat < PROPFEMALE > went and killed it :( 
What a lazy day ... 
I can wait for summer 
Traverse City today <3 
< PROPMALE > Petty and the Heartbreakers AND Cage the \ 
Elephant on the SAME day , back to back !!!! On a saturday \ 
concert on Lake Michigan !!!! How am I ever going to sleep being this \ 
excited ??!! Could this get ... any ... better ???!!! 
Character is doing the right thing when nobody's looking . \ 
There are too many people who think that the only thing that's right is\ 
to get by , and the only thing that's wrong is to get caught . ~ J.C. \ 
Watts 
Almost all moved into our house <3 Now I just need to find a way to kill the ants in the yard ... 
It's so nice out !! Cleaning today then beach day with < PROPFIRST > and the doggies tomorrow :) 
Thanks for the birthday wishes :) 
OMGOSSSHHHHHHH I got a perfect score on the hardest paper that I have written in my life thus far !!! YAYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY !!!!!!!!!! 
I wish this hot weather would go away ... I want to ride my bike :( 
Excited to start p90x !!!! Thanks < PROPFIRST > Buccilli :) 
I just freakin love Cage The Elephant , saw them at the deltaplex in GR ; they put on the BEST live shows ; and I love how their singer jumps into the crowd especially when I got to help catch him ... I'll take that over catching a guitar pick or drum stick any day !!!!! 
Done with finals and on a month break <3 
Well ... two days into my workout and my dog learned how to do the superman banana better than me ... I must be more out of shape than I thought :-/ 
<3 Fall <3 Football <3 Sweatshirts <3 Soup <3 
Leavin on a jet plane :) 
I am pretty sure that a florida spider had its way with my eyelid last night :( it is so swollen ... good thing I love my sunglasses ! 
“A loving relationship is one in which the loved one is free to be himself -- to laugh with me , but never at me ; to cry with me , but never because of me ; to love life , to love himself , to love being loved . Such a relationship is based upon freedom and can never grow in a jealous heart . ” < PROPFIRST > F . Buscaglia 
im feelin so fly like a cheese stick lol I love it 
Snow !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! <3 
likes < PROPFIRST > Buccilli 
Oh , I love me some ink . 
