is hoping that 2010 will be everything that 2009 wasn't . 

is so very good at spending money :P 
is getting pumped for her first triathlon !! :D 
WAY TO RAISE TUITION $9000 THIS YEAR , YOU A-HOLES !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
.... good weekend to get out of town . Gr . 
TRIATHLON !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
is home from her first triathlon . AWESOME experience , and definitely learned a thing or two for the next one :D 
found out this morning what happens when you put regular dish soap in a dishwasher . FOAM PARTY IN MY KITCHEN , WOOOOOOOOOO !!! 
will be running her second triathlon 7/18 . Woot . 
what a day . 
is glad to see she's paying MORE than twice what \in state\ " people pay . Really nice . I'm sure I'm getting twice the education . Right . " 
is working really hard on being happy and cheerful . If the rest of the universe would play along , that would be awesome ! Thanks in advance :D 
dreamed that < PROPMALE > Glover was working on one of those daytime TV court shows as a bailiff ... 
can prep teeth with a Cavitron , just like < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ! 
is pretty ambivalent about the test tomorrow . 
... they can take our sanity , but they'll never take ..... OUR FREEEEDOOOOOM !!! .... one more patient until break !!! :D 
is going out . Out ! 
spent her first morning off at school .... lol . 
is in Jerz . Scary . 
phone was stolen , don't bother calling . :( 
got new phone , same number . Please text me your number with your name in it so I can feel like I'm in the 21st century again :P 
is gearing up for her first day back , amidst a bunch of crappy circumstances . Hooray ... 
mmmm , beer . 
... ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh !!!!...................... that is all . 
Friday Friday Friday !!!!!! Even better than usual !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
BBQ at Va Beach . Good times . Don't wait up . ;) 
What happened to the weekend ???? 
... just another manic Monday . 
... doesn't get much better than a sincere \Thank You\ " from a patient . " 
... can't wait for tonight ! :D 
... stupid Mondays . 
HAHA ! THE DAY IS MINE , TREBEK !!! I soooo won . HA !! IN YOUR FACE !!! 
:) 
Yay for Thursdays , Thai chicken wraps , and homecomings ! :D 
has the best boyfriend ever . 
... you know you're up way too early if bats are swooping your head when you take the dog out . 
is puppy sitting . 
is chilaxin . 
is having a love affair .... with a pumpkin spice latte . 
is in Chicago visiting her bestests ! :D 
... back in Richmond . 
TGIF !! :D 
... when you sleep and sleep and sleep , but are still exhausted ... you * might * be in dental school . 
is off to the races . 
oooo free bridges ! Silly Facebook ads .... 
... yay for Friday ! 
... if you've been burned , concussed , and trapped in a public restroom stall and had to climb out beneath the door ( essentially crawling around on the floor on your stomach ) , you might know what it's like to be < PROPFIRST > doing an endo sim . 
is boycotting the reading assignment . If it was THAT important , cover it in lecture . 
is utterly exhausted . 
learned today that having a tooth extracted is worse than being shot ... by a gun . Yay for oral surgery rotation !! :D 
ah ..... taste the weekend ! 
is looking forward to 9 hours of lecture followed by an evening of studying ... wait ... 
so sleeeeeepy . 
loves waking up at 2am and not being able to go back to sleep . Yay ..... 
is making shepherd's pie for dinner .... cold weather calls for warm , happy food ! 
Friday Friday Friday Friday .... oh , and don't you * love * when patients call you at 5am , then < PROPFEMALE > up without saying a word ? Yay ..... 
is hanging in there ... like a sloth in a tree . 
: 1 week down . 
: 2 weeks down ! 
school on a Saturday . Mmm , dedication . 
.... love having nightmares so disturbing that you're afraid to go back to sleep . :P 
BLUE SKY !!! FIIIINALLY !!!! 
.... oiy , I am not 19 anymore . 
is hoping to feel better to take a darn competency . 
ENOUGH WITH THE NIGHTMARES !!! FOR CRYING OUT LOUD ! GAHHHH ! 
tweens are terrifying . No joke . 
.. recovering from the drive yesterday . Yuck . 
YAY TURKEY DAY ! 
is REALLY fed up with dental school , and being sick doesn't help . 
cough cough sputter .... going down .... kabloooey . 
can't wait for 2009 to end : / 
: 2011 has arrived . The year that has been much anticipated for the last four years . Intriguing . \ 
Will it be everything we hoped it would ?... time will tell . 
loves starting the day with a high intensity , sweat pouring workout :D 
can't decide whether she's super depressed , or dealing appropriately . Huh . 
... you can't handle the truth ! 
... the problem with getting everything you want is the alarm clock eventually will go off . 
.... hello ? Pot ? This is Kettle . You're black . 
... as requested by < PROPFIRST > , it's time for me to start writing a book about all of my dating disasters ... 
PANTS ON THE GROUND , PANTS ON THE GROUND !!!!! 
... c'mon weekend ! 
mmmmmmmm 
bleah . 
: the best Sundays are the ones that pretend they're Saturdays ! 
VA BLOOD SERVICES ARE VAMPIRES !!! ... and not the sexy ones . 
waiting is soooo hard ! Gah . 
I HATE WAITING ! 
is in a good mood . Yay for good moods !..... spoil it and I'll kill you . 
Weeeeeekend ! 
... monday ....? 
... it's much harder to learn from past mistakes when you're not sure what they were . 
... headache .... 
snow :) 
is feelin ' pretty good . 
: As 2/2/10 , < PROPMALE > will have been a Maier for 6 years ! 
is hitting the gym .... she'd rather be snuggling . Isn't that what crappy weather is for ? 
ATTENTION MEN : WEAR DEODORANT TO THE GYM . WORKING OUT IS HARD ENOUGH WITHOUT HAVING TO SUPPRESS THE URGE TO VOMIT . thank you . 
Um , Facebook ? Stop screwing around . My brain can only process so much change in a certain amount of time . 
... wow . Sometimes , I really , REALLY wish I wasn't right . 
learned today that men are waffles and women are noodles . Just ask < PROPFEMALE>'s patient :P 
... sigh . One of those days . 
... skipping my run to study . Bleah . 
... nothing like a day that drives you to drink . 
YAY BEEEER !! Thanks to < PROPFIRST > and his cooking ( and plentiful booze ) life is good again ! 
TGIF . 
.... woo . 
... one week of 26 left . Scary . 
Soccer tonight ! 
Friday ... is it me or are the weeks flying by ? 
Buh bye weekend .... 
... so , I think you all must have been wrong . I'm the problem . I'M the nut job . 
: thanks for all the bday wishes ! especially those of you who guessed I was 22 :D 
is sleepy . 
has a busy day of dentistry ahead . 
: disc golf and a lot of oral path studying . While trying not to vomit :/ 
: xray lesions ? No problem . Memorizing 12 Rx ? Eeeh ..... 
: one more midterm til spring break !! 
Dentures , emergency rotation , dentures , prosth consult , CHILI . 
one ... more .... day ..... 
is on \break \"." 
is glad to have finally seen Inglourious Basterds ! 
.... instead of having another 100 first dates , it would be lovely to have a 100th date . 
last day of vacation blues .... 
feels like making a statement . 
.... is there a better feeling than getting something off your chest ? I think not . :D 
... it would be nice if there weren't people in all of our lives that seem to thrive from making us feel worse . 
sooooooooooooooooo tired . 
.... the dogwoods are in bloom :) 
The Invention of Lying is currently my favorite new movie . I suggest everyone watch it ! 
AWESOME WEEKEND !!!!!!! 
... pedo hurts my soul . 
VICTORY ! :D 
is missing some brain cells . Please return them to the lost and found . 
STOP SENDING ME FREAKS ! 
is still looking for a way- after three years , mind you- to not let dental school make her miserable . 
Good times ! 
is having one of those terrible days where everything she touches turns into a big steaming pile of poo . 
is thankful for good friends who help make bad days go away :) 
hates being solicited for money ... mostly because she sucks at saying \NO GO AWAY CRAZY PERSON ! MY MONEY !!!! \ " and ends up forking over a couple bucks to the scam artist . " 
... long day ahead . Actually , most of them will be . Long last month . Yuck . 
Men never forgive , but forget . Women forgive , but never forget . Fundamental . 
Thanks to all my compassionate classmates for being so nice when I'm losing my mind . I really do appreciate it . 
THANK YOU !! 
... getting closer ! 
I'd rather stay single than settle for less . The search continues ... 
is super tired . 
if you see me on Tuesday ( 5/4 ) , tell me to bring my yellow card home . Thanks . 
AHHHH !!! 
yeah ... I've decided if I have to be drinknig to enjoy something , it's not something I really want to be doing . 
really feels like just hiding under the covers . 
really despises people sometimes . 
should be cutting her first crown this afternoon- crosses fingers !! :D 
Yay ! 
is done with finals .... FOREVER !!!!! 
6 dozen cupcakes walk into the dental school ... how many will come out alive ? 
last day of spring clinic ! 
( dental school ) can take our lives , but ( it'll ) never take .... our FREEEEEEEEDOOOOOOOOOM !!! .... a little \Braveheart\ " for you guys . " 
bets ya'll didn't know Jersey got tornadoes !... yay for having power again !! :P 
... why did they want my credit card number if they were just going to send me a < PROPMALE > anyway ????? Stupid sales people . 
is * finally * cleaning her dirty apartment . 
is sick , her dog needs surgery , her car is in the shop , her vacuum is broken , and her computer is a piece of crap . But on the PLUS side , she's not in school :) 
loves her dog a lot . Like more than $ 3,000 a lot . 
misses < PROPMALE > . sigh . 
can't wait to get her < PROPFEMALE > home ! Her big , stinky , monster of a < PROPFEMALE > :D 
: < PROPMALE>'s surgery went well , and I get to pick her up at 4 :D 
: exhausto . 
is going to pretend that she doesn't despise school this week ;) 
yay for unofficial Friday ! 
is enjoying another glorious 3 day weekend ! 
currently owes the Dept of Education $ 214,788 . 00 which amounts to a monthly payment of $ 3,136 . 96 . And still has yet another year's worth of tuition that needs borrowing . Thank you , VCU . I couldn't have done it without your firm commitment to continually raising my tuition . 
is enjoying the AC . 
.... MY TURN !!! sheesh 
Orin Scrivello , DDS is my role model . 
20 days til Eclipse . That's right , I'm a 14 yr old girl . Whatcha gonna do about it ?! 
is hoping for happy dreams :) 
ran 5 < PROPMALE > and can't kick the nausea . bleah . 
' s love is like \whoa . \"" 
... buh bye weekend ... 
needs to rest for a few days ... tiiiiiired . 
touched Nutzy . \ 
\ 
The flying squirrel , you pervs . 
5.5 mi , baby . 
... not many things better than that first bite of a juicy nectarine after a 5 mi run . 
... so much for having a productive day . 
will be in Colorado 7/25-7/31 . Watch out . 
is getting up at 5:45 am tomorrow to go to Va Beach .... for dentistry , not the waves . DEDICATION ! 
plans on being a slug today . yay ! 
is exhausted ... how is it only Monday ? 
... no more snaffoos , thank you very much . 
needs her vacation pronto . 
' s metabolism sucks . 
HONK IF YOU'VE HAD A SHITTY DAY !! 
... this morning is * not * going to be pleasant , but hopefully it will be fruitful . 
weekend :) 
fireworks :) 
no work for me .... hooray ! 
is sending out good thoughts . 
long day . 
this week won't end ! 
so close ............. 
? 
: the day I truly understand men will be the day I'm 6 ft under . 
huh , drinking wine in the sun makes you sleepy , fyi . 
will be in Jersey today . Watch out . 
is back in Richmond , and super sleepy < PROPFEMALE > boot . 
:D 
whoopsies ;) 
siiiiiiiiiiiigh 
is drinking an iced vanilla latte in the hopes that she won't take another 3 hour nap today :) 
ANY WAY YOU WANT IT , THAT'S THE WAY I NEED IT ! 
is headed off to Va Beach to see some dental magic . ;) 
is preparing for her trip to Colorado :) 
just wants to sleep . sigh . 
attention Coloradans : I will be in the Boulder/ Fort Collins area this week . Holler at me so we can catch up :) 
is back home with her pup . Thanks to < PROPFEMALE > and all her boys for taking good care of her :) 
... and it begins again ;P 
is sleeeeepy . 
likes when people acknowledge her awesomeness . Just saying ;) Good day to be me . 
is feeling purdy gud . 
rented Avatar so people will stop telling her she has to see it . 
' s life is going pretty well . Just the stuff that she uses is kinda falling apart . Car ... apartment ... haha 
thinks the drunks have hit her . Glad she's home ;) 
is doing some * much * overdo cleaning . :/ 
.... weekend ? Dude , where'd you go ? 
.... what the hell . 
yeah .... watching a marathon of < PROPMALE > before bed might not have been a brilliant idea . 
hates insurance . With a passion . 
hmmmmmmmm ............................ ;) 
friday friday friday friday friday friday friday friday friday friday friday friday 
is sleeepy . 
' s tasks for the day : finish book 12 and fix vacuum cleaner ... kinda tired of wading through < PROPMALE > fur , just saying . 
early to bed , early to rise . 
... gotta make the doughnuts . 
is watching the last 3 episodes of < PROPMALE > season 2 :) 
pleeease let it fit !! pleeeeeeease !!!! i want this crown out of my life ! :P 
yay ! 
yay for saturday :) 
is having some me time ... well , me and < PROPMALE > time anyway . 
' s car is sick again .... :P 
feels a post lunch nap coming on .... 
is taking < PROPMALE > for a hike by the riiiiveeeer . 
EXPENDABLES !! WOOOOT !! 
had a pretty good Monday :) 
... ouchies says mr. ankle 
has less tolerance than usual for busy work . 
FRIDAY ..... of a THREE DAY WEEKEND ! .... if only I weren't spending the whole thing in a car ... haha 
needs sleep . 
is getting ready for another rotation . 
is living in a horror movie . 
misses < PROPMALE > ... 
is off to a party , followed by a day of vino ! 
has a fever , and the only prescription is more cowbell . 
finds it really difficult to not be offended when someone calls her a liar . wtf . 
... not being able to run and horrible eating habits ( thanks to endless rotations ) are not helping with my self esteem :/ 
is looking forward to the weekend :) 
.... home sweet home ;) 
is gonna clean her car so < PROPMALE > will have a fresh canvas to work with next weekend . 
' s esophagus feels like road kill . 
... coming home to a house without a dog isn't really coming home at all . 
isn't sure what's more disgusting : all the spiders that seem to be invading her apartment , or the fact that she invariably uses the toilet brush to squish them . 
is keeping it together with glue . Stupid rotations . 
is hanging with family . yay ! 
WAY TO GO , HOKIES ! .... it's nice not being embarrassed :D 
is more eager to graduate every day . siiiigh ;) 
... it feels great to have exercised this morning after taking almost a month off ... aaaaaand my ankle didn't explode ;) 
.... this is why I don't like FB apps . sigh 
' s good deed of the day was taking down a spider web that was covering her neighbor's door entirely and squooshing the grape sized spider . Actually- ya know what ? That thing was huge . I'm calling it good deed of the month . ick . 
: life is not going all that great lately . It seems the more I put in , the less I get back . And that's my Wednesday whine , thank you , thank you . 
is off to the worst rotation ever . Hizzah . 
is thankful for rain :) 
... based on the current events in the world , decided that tonight would be an ideal night to stay in , cook a fancy dinner ( roast pork stuffed with artichoke hearts , kalamata olvies , and feta ) , and watch a movie (\The Wolfman\ " remake ) with < PROPMALE > ( best dog ever ) . " 
zzzzz 
is looking for something fun to do ... suggestions welcome :) 
yay Hokies ! :D 
... it finally feels like autumn !!!! :D 
PUMPKIN BEEEEER !!! PUMPKIN BEEEEER !!!!! Watch out , me thinks the baking will soon commence . 
bleah for another rainy Monday . 
yay for getting a < PROPMALE > to breathe ! 
honk if you hate busy work ..... 
has remembered all the things she has to get done today ... ew . 
is finished with the annoying stuff , so now on to the fun ! 
FRIDAY ! :D ( for those of you who can't read a calendar ) 
is dogsitting and studying . 
is doing some < PROPMALE > cleaning . yuck . 
is extracting ... mwuhahahahhahahaaaaaa 
is burned out ... and it's Tuesday . sigh . 
forgot how exhausting studying can be ... sheesh . 
busy busy day ... hopefully with some fun stuff mixed in ! 
thinks studying will be more fun with a fireplace and hot cocoa .... ;) 
.... so the day starts with me sitting by the fireplace with hot chocolate , and ends standing outside eating a grilled cheeseburger . Interesting day :) 
isn't feeling the whole emergency thing . 
: not showing up to your own suprise birthday party : FAIL 
is addicted to hot chocolate . . . 
es exhausto . 
-- um , yeah , studying when you're already super tired is not a good way to * improve * your mood :P 
-- beginning the day cleaning up dog vomit is not a good way to start . 
-- quote of the day : \Even criminals can get cancer . \"" 
Facebook friend finder is freaking me out . 
.... the worst thing about being really , really sad is that you know nothing that anyone could say would make you feel any better . 
' s stupid heater always lives her sinuses stuffy and throat scratchy . 
' s homemade lasagna is too tasty for her own good ;) 
... patients , interviewing new candidates , and dental decks ... how could a day get better ? :P 
' s head is gunna ' splode . 
is tryna get ' er done . 
TGIF 
... tomorrow is going to be rough . 
is not in a particularly good mood . You have been warned . 
is ignoring irritants ... and life is so much better ;) 
took out close to 30 teeth tonight ... she's kinda tired . \ 
BRUSH YOUR TEETH , < PROPFEMALE > ! 
... chronic ear infections , corneal dysplasia , skin allergies , bilateral hip dysplasia , torn cruciate ligament ( fixed $ 3,500 later ) , and now a UTI . Whoever said mutts are hardier can kiss my butt . 
... and it's crunch time :P 
... most of us complain about our bodies , but did you ever stop and think that maybe our bodies aren't exactly thrilled with us either ? ;) 
has a busy weekend ahead of her . 
isn't sure if her legs will work in the morning ... :) Yay for running ! 
is on a roll ! \ 
With mustard and relish . 
is dreading her afternoon patient ( bleah ) , but she will NOT ruin my day :D 
FML --- WHY IS IT ALWAYS SOMETHING ???????!!!!!!! 
... realizing you can't please all the people all the time is frustrating . 
:P 
is psyched to sleep in her own bed tonight :) 
... couple days left until boards :) 
... last day to get some studying in :) 
... someone please explain to my bongo playing neighbor that beatniks are out of style . 
: watch out , Whitters is on a mission ;) 
is super exhausto . \ 
One day down ;) 
is about to go postal . 
just need to make it through a half day .... 
is being domestic . 
GOBBLE GOBBLE GOBBLE !! 
... too early .... 
is glad to find that her car wasn't towed or ticketed , and that her apartment was not burgled . Hoorah ! 
: < PROPFIRST > Nielsen died . That makes me sad . 
grr . 
is lining up her ducks . 
is tired of crappy days . 
starts the day as an optimist . Loves mornings . Rest of the day- don't wreck it . Don't like going to bed cranky . Thanks . 
friday friday FRIDAY !! :D 
almost fell off the treadmill when the automatic interval setting suddenly- and quite unexpectedly- took her up to a 10 ( maximum ) incline while running a 6 minute mile . . . BUT she didn't fall . . . because she's a rockstar . Booyah . 
PBS is awesome . 
... way to go , Hokies !! 
... let's here it for changing right back into your pjs after getting done with running errands ;) 
PASSED HER BOARDS !!!! Thanks to everyone who had faith in me :) \ 
THE DAY IS MINE , TREBEK !! 
is making brinner . That's right : breakfast for dinner :) 
is in a wonderful mood :) 
let the good times roll ! 
has a full day ahead :) 
is watching munchkins tonight :) 
just finished some more shopping . Vacation is sooooo hard . sigh ;) 
is debating setting an alarm to wake up in time for the full lunar eclipse at 3:17 am . Good < PROPFIRST > . 
Did anyone else's dog act crazy last night ? 
is wiped out . 
is ready for her favorite day of the year !! Christmas < PROPFEMALE > !! :D 
is going ice skating !... so long as the snow holds for a bit , anyway : 0 ) 
is snowed in with her dog and lots of reading material :) 
is on the road again ... 
... it's good to be home . \ 
NO THANKS TO 95 TRAFFIC ! 
paying bills is not the best way to start a morning ;P 
would be less irritated about vacation ending if she had her usual 8th street deck pass . SIGH . 
is hoping her morning of yoga will keep her feeling positive today :) 
MY BEST FRIEND IS ENGAGED ! :D \ 
CONGRATS < PROPFIRST > AND < PROPMALE > !!! 
:D \ 
Big smile for Friday ! 
is in a such a good mood , she feels like skipping and singing . \ 
No idea why , just gonna embrace it ! 
can't decide if she's hoping for a blizzard or not . 
is tired of being cold . This is going to be a long winter ! 
wants to know why fb has to keep screwing with its layout ... 
3 day weekend- whoop whoop ! 
busy day ahead .... 
is glad to be home ! 
... buh bye weekend ... sigh . 
did not enjoy paying $2300 for an exam she severely resents . 
feels like a grownup and doesn't like it :P 
loves the weekend :) 
. . . bittersweet Sunday . . . 
is spending a week being a pediatric hygienist . 
... you have been measured and found seriously lacking necessary qualities . 
almost weekend !! 
um ... I think I stress fractured my ankle running tonight ... ooops :( 
GKASD 
Saturday ! 
ate way too much at A.W. Shucks in Norfolk , but it was sooooo worth it ;) 
mock boards . Very Monday . 
is getting her run on . 
<3 ' s Saturdays ! 
is pissed that she can't fall back to sleep ... 
Monday , Monday .... 
is so far out of her comfort zone ... :P 
.... stress .... 
FRIDAY !!!! woooooo !! 
highly recommends < PROPFEMALE > Protein Mint Chocolate Chip protein bars ... not even that big of a mint + chocolate fan , but wow , that was like eating a brownie ... 
-- busy day ahead ! 
keeps having to remind herself that it's Thursday , not Friday . 
cut her finger on tomato sauce . No lie . 
' s car is sick . Please send < PROPFEMALE > happy thoughts involving getting fixed CHEAPLY and PROMPTLY . \ 
... would really * not * like to buy a new car right now :/ 
: water pump . Not the cheapest fix , but more so than a down payment :P 
: please send out happy interview thoughts for me this afternoon . It seemed to work for getting my car fixed , so let's keep up the power of positive thinking ;) 
is thankful for all the bday love :D 
: still waiting to hear about the position ... keep sending those happy thoughts , please :) 
had a pretty friggin awful day . Hopefully something wonderful will come her way ... 
is exhausted in every way possible . yaaaaawn 
weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeekend ! 
is a rockstar Vatican assassin . 
is getting a little exasperated with other people's incompetence . \ 
But on another note :\ 
HAPPY ST PATRICK'S DAY ! :D 
had a fabulous weekend ... stupid work week sneaking up on her . 
... woke up thinking it was Wednesday . sigh . 
halfway through the week ... TGIW ? 
thinks < PROPMALE > is overdue for some spoiling ;) 
... is there a \Kick Me\ " sign on my back ? sheesh " 
is craving junk food . This is why she doesn't keep it at her place :P 
... counting off the days til Friday .... 
... he brought me flowers :) 
