Spent the weekend with family in Crete ( IL ) , sitting with my Aunt < PROPFEMALE > in her hospital room , watching the monitor and trying to keep her spirits up as she battles heavy-duty pneumonia in both lungs . She is slowly improving , thank God . Back into the maels 

The best part of this past weekend , besides watching Aunt < PROPFEMALE > heal and spending time with family ? Watching my 2 1/2 year old nephew < PROPMALE > catch a baseball in his own little mitt for the first time - I don't think I've ever seen such an excited , completel 
Re-staked and tied up my 7-foot and falling over tomato plants this evening , picked off lots of dead and dying leaves & watered . Am begging the universe to PLEASE not let them have the tomato fungus that people are talking about . The 12 plants are loaded 
Kayaked today . Last summer's flood killed the gorgeous sea of lotus flowers on Crooked Creek - had hoped there were old seeds in the mud that might sprout this year , but , no . Missed a shot of a beautiful heron because my batteries died just before I saw 
New research shows that dogs have the language intelligence of a 2-year-old human ( able to learn an average of 165 , or as many as 250 , words ) , better mathematical abilities than a 3 or 4-year-old human , & the social intelligence of a human teenager ; 2 of the 3 smartest breeds are < PROPMALE > Shepherd & Border Collie : Cappucino's combination . I know that this will be a source of amusement for anyone who knows Chino ... 
Thinking again about dogs and their wisdom . Or maybe it's the wisdom of all animals except for humans . Only we humans make organized warfare on our own species . How sad is that ?!! But I especially admire my dogs . Including Der-dee-der , who is very pleased that I've taken to calling him Bright Boy ( he clearly prefers this to his other nicknames , which include Frat Boy and Surfer Boy ) . 
It's a joy to have < PROPFEMALE > home from NC this week , and to see more of < PROPFEMALE > lately ! How did I get lucky enough to have these two strong , beautiful , intelligent , creative , kind and loving women as daughters ? And on another happy note this week , I've finally made contact ( thanks to < PROPFEMALE > and Facebook ) with my dear college < PROPMALE > from nearly 30 years ago , < PROPFEMALE > , after being out of touch for almost half of that time ! 
It's a beautiful day , but every time I look at the calendar I am reminded that summer is nearing its end , and I haven't found time to enjoy it ... except for plucking lovely tomatoes and peppers from my garden , sharing the yellow squash abundance . I wish summer could last forever ( with some spring days thrown in ) . Such bittersweet thoughts . 
< PROPFEMALE>'s back in North < PROPFEMALE > - safely , which is a huge relief ; but I miss her terribly . There's never enough time . 
Very sad about < PROPMALE > Kennedy's death ; I wish he could have lived long enough to see a < PROPMALE > for a SINGLE-PAYER national health insurance plan signed into law . So now we must work especially hard to ensure that such a < PROPMALE > is passed , for the health of our nation AND as a tribute to < PROPMALE > dy ! 
More losses . My friend and sister-in-spirit , < PROPFEMALE > , lost her Mom on Saturday . If anyone knows < PROPFEMALE > from Snakedoctor , give her hugs when you see her next : she will need them . 
A sad , distressing sight : desperate people , some in wheelchairs , camped out by 5 tonight outside the anti-poverty agency where I work , overnight temps in the 40s , to get on the Section 8 WAITING LIST at 8 a.m. NOT to get Section 8 - just onto the waiting list . We'll have hundreds by 7 . I've seen photos , heard colleagues descriptions , but to really SEE it up close shook me . And they'd be there if the temp were 0 . 
So , I thought that turning 50 this weekend MIGHT be a little distressing - mid-life , what have I done with my life , what's next , that stuff . But I'm discovering that a little stomach flu puts everything into perspective . And just for some additional perspective , Mooshka has the doggy version of stomach flu . How does God come up with these cute little lesson plans ? But 50 will be a piece of cake . 
I forgot to mention that Chino swiped his huge fan of a tail in Moosha's ... regurgitations ... a little while ago and splatter painted the bedroom floor . Just in case someone is in the mood for a little gross-out . 
Mooshka & Mommy are recovering , beyond some vertigo and vestiges of the mother of all headaches on my part ( walked into the house Thursday night and burst out crying ) . Am headed out Goodwill shopping , ' cause between stress and flu , only 1 pair each of my smallest jeans and professional pants fit ... need clothes for a Cincy conference I'm headed to on Tuesday ... And yes , I HAVE found professional clothing at Goodwill ! 
< PROPFEMALE > ALERT in OHIO !!!! 3 year old boy taken by a man in a 2006 Mitsubishi Eclipse . Plate # 98B351 . Please post this as your status . Just imagine if it was your son , grandson , nephew , little brother . Please help find him . Thanks . 
Thanks for all the birthday greetings . Yes , Rob ... it's just a number & I am keeping that in mind , but I'm glad that it's prompting some reflection on how I'm living my life and how I want to be living it ... there is some discrepancy there . 
Thanks , all : it was a good birthday . < PROPFIRST > gave me a just-out CD called the < PROPMALE > Song Project , recorded in England : < PROPFIRST > at Wandering Turtle told him it was the first one sold in Bloomington , but I know now that < PROPFEMALE > Sandberg is enjoying it , too . One of the 8 musicians featured is our own < PROPFEMALE > Detor . It's FANTASTIC - beautiful contemporary folk/singer-songwriter music ; do yourself a favor & take a listen ! 
Returned Friday evening from the best conference I've ever been to - I haven't learned this much in all of the other conferences I've attended put together , or returned overflowing with so many ideas ! So energizing that I couldn't sleep ... and thus have crashed all weekend ... But still all pumped to change the world ! 
Lots of traveling lately : a getaway weekend at a wonderful inn in KY this past weekend - did lots of hiking - & a hike @ Hemlock Cliffs on the way home ; now headed to Indy for a training tomorrow & Friday , then leaving for Phoenix for another training @ 3:30 Sunday a.m. ( ouch ! ) : will be gone a full week for that one ! 
Just returned from an excellent training in Indy . But I have to confess that a high point for me was the great hotel we stayed in ... really a nice little apartment . I think that Candlewood Suites is the best-kept secret around : much better than the Hiltons I've stayed in . Lots to get done tomorrow , then off to Phoenix in the wee hours Sunday ... 
Just finished bleaching mold off of the bathroom ceiling . And never wants to do this chlorine-rain thing again . However , the shower cap and goggles protection ensemble was very becoming . 
My baby girl is driving home from Asheville in her ancient yellow < PROPFEMALE > originallly owned by < PROPMALE>'s of Hollywood (!) and with HALF A MILLION < PROPMALE > ON IT ! Mechanical genius friend < PROPMALE > sold her the car and keeps it in good repair for her , but lots of fear and trepidation on the part of Mom , nonetheless . She's past the awful twists and turns and semi-truck-crowded switchbacks of the mountains , thank God . 
There is no sweeter sound than that of my child's car crunching into the driveway . She's home ! 
But I also have to say that < PROPFEMALE > is the world's best cook ever ! When she finishes culinary , every five-star restaurant on the planet should be clamoring to hire her . I am currently munching on a cracked pepper popover with cranberry and brie ... yum , yum , yum . 
Three more weeks , and then 2 weeks of blessed and luxurious time to spend with family/friends/pets , read , write , shoot pictures , dream and contemplate the purpose of this lifetime ... 
Babies . All of these lovely women keep having babies , and so I am constantly reminded of how critical it is to create a socially just and peaceful world for them to inherit . 
It's been a nice visit with < PROPFEMALE > , but as usual , way too short . She heads back to NC tomorrow to plan a dance , and for the New Years Eve/Possum Drop (!) festivities in Brasstown , NC . I am playing with new toys and trying to not be too panicky as she prepares to make the long drive back . 
This may be too late for some of you , but if it helps one person , it's worth the post :\ 
Don't drink and drive- and don't ride with anybody who does . \ 
Tipsy Tow offered by AAA : You don't have to be a AAA member , from 6pm-6am on new years eve/day they will take your drunk self and your car home for FREE . Save this number ... 1-800-222-4357 . Please re-post this ! 
I don't like the new FB profile < PROPFEMALE > format . And it won't let me change back . So this will be a lesson to me to always research all the rules before I play the game . And if I have imbibed , wait until complete sobriety arrives before make even these little decisions ! 
Reading lots of stuff , including two books on < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > that include the Gospel of < PROPFIRST > , other suppressed and canonical Gospels that shed some light on who she was , and interpretations/analyses thereof . No , < PROPFIRST > Brown didn't spark this interest - I haven't read his books ( though I did see the movie ) . Confession : I think it was Jesus Christ Superstar that sparked my interest , way back in the ' 70's ... 
So much Circles work to do before the weekend ... but Genese is orienting two fabulous new Allies tomorrow - yay ! And if the snow doesn't bog things down , Circle Leader < PROPFEMALE > will be elected to the SCCAP Board tomorrow evening ! 
Does anyone have a personal friend who works at Girls Inc ., and could you help me get in touch with that person within the next couple of hours ?!! 
What's on my mind is how amazing Facebook is - I put out an appeal ( my previous update ) , and had an answer from Jenn almost immediately ! 
P.S. : Jenn is amazing too ! 
AND < PROPFEMALE > Calender-Anderson , Bet Savich & < PROPFEMALE > Kinzie are amazing - their help via Facebook and phone calls they made resulted in Circles probably securing a venue and parking for the Poverty Simulation we're planning as our MLK < PROPMALE > project - and in a partnership between Circles and the City's Community and Family Resources Commission on this ! WFHB will soon be airing details for all of you locals . 
My wish for 2010 ( and always ) is that people will understand that autism is not a disease ; people with autism are not looking for a cure but for ACCEPTANCE ...... 93% won't Copy and Paste this , will YOU make this your status for at least one hour ? 
Seeing ( and hearing ! ) Snake Docs tonight at Player's Pub . 
I sang to a fork in line at the bank because my family thinks I'm stupid . 
Every happy feeling I've had today has paled to nothing . I just discovered that < PROPMALE > Zinn died . I've always had a special fondness for him because we both had our lives changed at the same age by the same book .... Johnny Got His Gun , age 19 . I've dreaded losing < PROPMALE > Vonnegut , < PROPMALE > Zinn & Noam Chomsky , & now only one of my contemporary political heros remains . Trying to keep in mind that we had SUNSHINE today ... 
Lost my cousin < PROPFIRST > to cancer this a.m. We were the pre-school troublemakers : played postman & re-delivered the neighborhood's mail . Redistributed the neighbors ' backyard knickknacks . Once we climbed to the shed roof and he pushed the ladder down - he thought that I , his one-year-older cousin , could jump down and put it back . He cried himself to sleep , and I just cried for hours , terrified that he would fall . 
While listening to snippets from < PROPFEMALE > Newcomer's forthcoming album this weekend , I realized that over the last 20 years , it's increasingly been < PROPFEMALE > with her wisdom & thought-provoking questions who continually prompts my \inner spiritual guide\ " to wake up ! " 
Due to severe weather alert will probably not go to my hometown tomorrow for my cousin's memorial service . But ... on the positive note , I had a GREAT evening traveling back and forth from < PROPFIRST > County , talking with my friend < PROPFEMALE > . And we LOVED the warm and just generally terrific Circles people there . They give great hugs . < PROPFEMALE > , sorry I forgot about the milkshake ! 
Haiti has been terribly impoverished for a very long time ; the earthquake greatly exacerbates that . Continue to help : let's not lose momentum as the Haitian people struggle to rebuild . 
ANY OF KATELIN'S FRIENDS WHO MIGHT KNOW WHERE SHE IS ... please call me : 340-8574 or 825-2806 . We are very worried . 
Found < PROPFEMALE > , she's fine . She crashed with a friend after they celebrated another friend's 21st birthday . Her purse and coat were found in an alley behind a restaurant . We thought that she had probably been standing there to catch a cab - the station is on the other side of the alley - but the coat and purse being left behind really panicked us . Turned out the coat wasn't hers . Scary morning . 
Have poured a shot of bourbon , and at < PROPFEMALE>'s posthumous suggestion , am raising an < PROPFEMALE > toast to her . I hope that she's whoopin ' it up out in the heavens right now . 
Getting through the next two weeks , and getting to spring break ... 
Health Care Reform just passed , 219 - 212 ! Yes - we can ! 
is physically and emotionally exhausted . 
Joys and sorrows . My Uncle < PROPMALE > has cancer again , apparently advanced , and we don't know at this point how effective another round of chemo might be . He took me ( and my siblings , and the neighborhood kids - he was sort of the Pied < PROPFEMALE > ) to buy < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > when we were children . Taught me to drive . Took me hunting , throughout my teenage years , for the best ( hottest ! ) Italian Beef sandwiches we could find . 
( continued ) And my greatest happiness lately is remembering the joy on Uncle < PROPMALE>'s face when he watched < PROPMALE > and his baby sister play on my last visit . Thanks , kiddos . 
Lots of things , grievous and joyful . I'll celebrate the joyful right now : just got off of chat with < PROPFEMALE > , my dear friend from our undergrad days in Kentucky , and we agree to hold each other to our dreams by planning the projects we are excited about , by the time we get together in August . I am so stoked ! Such joy in spending time with beloved friends ... 
People need to understand that children with special needs don't have an illness , so there is no cure & it's not contagious . They only want what we all want , to be accepted . 93% of you probably won't copy and paste this ~ Will you be in the 7% that will , and leave it on your status for at least an hour . It's Special Education Week . Thanks to all of you ! ? 
My Uncle is dying . Drs . said last week that they are not going to do chemo after all because the cancer is too advanced . Hospice nurse said yesterday that he had 2 days to 2 weeks , based on her experience . Today my Mom couldn't wake him up and the nurse said his systems are shutting down , has a few days at most . I am probably headed to Chicago area to be with my Uncle and support Mom . 
Regardless of loss , and the nearly unbearable pain of it , love transcends . It just never goes away ; and that is the one thing that makes humans superhuman , that we love and suffer , and love and suffer again , but an eternity of suffering doesn't stop us because with it , we get an eternity of loving . 
Changes . 
Good stuff happening : seeing Platte Valley Whiskey Runners tomorrow with < PROPFEMALE > ; < PROPFEMALE>'s 1st < PROPMALE > opening is going VERY well , and she GRADUATES next weekend ; heading to NC on Wed . for < PROPFEMALE>'s < PROPMALE > show reception , graduation and then VACATION , in the same lovely cabin in the mountains as last year - but < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > are coming this year ; am switching to a new position at work , which I am VERY happy about ! 
Splurged on negative heel rocking motion gym shoes tonight ; was afraid I'd be off-balance so have been wearing them around the house , & they're fine - can even step OVER big dogs without stepping ON them . And I can feel the lower body toning effect already . A bit more packing , & off to NC @ 10am , for < PROPFEMALE>'s < PROPMALE > show reception & graduation , + another 10 days in a mountain cabin ! 
Folding down the laptop , and we're on our way , finally ! So we'll get in at about midnight , but hey ... nothing but < PROPMALE > and graduation and music and kayaking and hiking and touring historical sites and learning banjo and rest and lovely views in the NC mountains for the next 12 days ! 
< PROPFEMALE>'s < PROPMALE > installation is incredible ... she was invited to leave it up for the summer & her prof thinks that a corporation will buy it . She was co-recipient of the < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > Canon award ( i.e. , senior < PROPMALE > student of the year) ! Graduation was a blast , great speaker . Kayaked , hiked < PROPFEMALE > Kilmer Memorial virgin < PROPMALE > , Asheville < PROPMALE > & Malaprops bookstore , Cherokee res & Talking Leaves bookstore . 353 days too short . 
Gardening ... 15 tomato plants and 10 peppers , mostly hot varieties , in the ground and mulched . 9 more tomato plants and 10 zucchini , plus some < PROPMALE > , garlic and marigolds as in-betweeners , to plant and mulch - beds are ready for all except the zukes , and that's all weeded . I am determined to beat the tomato blight this year - planted resistant varieties . Tired and sore and dirty , drinking a Long-Island Iced Tea . 
Twenty-two years ago today , three wonderful things happened : < PROPFEMALE > made white bean-black < PROPFEMALE > soup for dinner ; the offer we made for our house was accepted and we signed paperwork ; and .... oh , yeah , < PROPFEMALE > was born ! One of the top two days of my life ( together with the day of < PROPFEMALE>'s birth ) . I love you more than all the stars in the universe , < PROPFEMALE > . 
All but 4 zucchini and some companion plants ( i.e. , < PROPMALE > and marigolds , garlic will probably go in pots or in the < PROPMALE > garden ) are in the ground ! Thanks to < PROPFIRST > for all his hard work fulfilling my vision of how this garden should grow ... particularly for digging 18-inch deep holes ... 
Time-travel . 
Heading to Crete , IL tomorrow , Chicago Sunday for my cousin < PROPFEMALE>'s baby shower ! Off subject : tonight I saw a show featuring a Danish island , Samsa : ALL of Samsa's electricity comes from safe , renewable resources ( windmills , but also many other strategies ) - and they sell EXCESS energy to the grid !. They've accomplished this in ten years . In the midst of the BP catastrophe , we must pay attention to such examples . 
Green-collar jobs . 
I'm thinking that I need to get a good understanding of economic development basics in order to do the stuff I want to do . Any recommended books ? 
On this day , at this time 27 years ago , I was looking at my new daughter born two hours before , and thanking the universe for giving her to me , alive and well and beautiful , though it had been a rough trip ; one of the best days of my life , together with her sister's birth . 
I got a surprise today - THIS is the weekend that < PROPFEMALE > is coming home for a visit , not next weekend ! Joy ! But as usual , I will worry as she drives up from Asheville tomorrow ... long drive in her < PROPMALE>'s of Hollywood BMW with over half a million < PROPMALE > on it ... Thank you to Zach , who keeps it tuned up and running well for her . 
Welcome to the planet as of 5:14 this morning , < PROPFIRST > ! And congratulations , < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > ! 
So , I was officially diagnosed with an ulcer yesterday , no surprise . Am trying to stay calm and peaceful and upbeat and not beat myself up over stuff ... especially the little stuff . And to eat during the day so that my stress-induced stomach acids have something to munch on besides my stomach lining . 
Okay friends , what's the BIG stuff ? I figure , definitely , life & death issues . And definitely , causing pain for the people and other creatures I love . Allowing my great , soul-deep friendships to fall by the wayside for no good reason ... not that there ever is a good reason . Neglecting my dreams and passions . Forgetting that there is no separation between you , & I , & God . What else ? What's your BIG stuff ? 
Kayaking yesterday at Crooked Creek - lots of herons , and butterflies drawn by the flowering buckeyes , and TWO soft-shelled turtles . It was a lovely day , despite a little sunburn . Today , WFHB benefit concert in Story , IN . It's shaped up to be a great weekend ! 
Singer-songwriter evening at Player's Pub . Such talented people ! I was especially excited to hear/meet < PROPFEMALE > Ladin , whose first solo CD I've been wearing out over the last week . AND I have been inspired to pick up my banjo and learn to play it finally - for real this time ! 
Still feeling awed by the Summer Lotus concert last night . The combination of < PROPFEMALE > Newcomer's music , profoundly spiritual lyrics and voice with the sarod and voice of the Khan family was ethereal and transcendant and evocative of the universality of religion in the truest sense of the word . It broke me apart . The Khan Carnegie Hall CD blissed me off to sleep last night ... can't WAIT for the < PROPFEMALE > /Khan CD ! 
Had my first visit to an acupuncturist today . I expect it to totally change my live ! And the acupuncturist's father gave me some ideas on how to save my garden , maybe ... Experimented with a Thai coconut curry eggplant dish for supper ... am about to try it out ! 
Am meeting tomorrow with the Circles Big View TEAM and the city's Community and Family Resource Commission to talk about organizing around some housing issues . And my friend < PROPFEMALE > just agreed to be part of the Big View TEAM and the meeting tomorrow ! Yay ! 
Also , just got connected through Facebook with my best friend all the way from childhood ( beginning when I was 8 and she was 6 ) , who I have missed greatly over the 13 - 14 years since we last saw each other , and the several years since we last talked . This is what I love about Facebook ... renewing and continuing those connections that were lost or are difficult . 
I'm pissed . The H-T reports on still ANOTHER proposed apartment complex - aimed at students and starting at 2 bedrooms and $525 per bedroom . Of course , families in poverty can't afford this . OUR family could not afford it ! And this is what keeps happening here . To make it worse , this is proposed for the WEST side , between Bloomington and Ellettsville , which is usually a cheaper area to live . Aargh ! 
Yay ! Heard from my dear , long-time ( since early grade-school ) BFF < PROPFEMALE > tonight ! I am SO happy about this ! So much to talk about with her ! I am missing family/friends who are very much loved and far from B-town , but glad that FB is keeping us connected . AND the green-collar jobs stuff I've helped initiate is beginning to take off ! AND red wine is about to put me to bed ... Sweet dreams , all . 
A\ 
daughter will hold your hand for a little while but will hold your \ 
heart for a lifetime . It's \Daughter Week . \ " If you have a daughter that \ 
Hot and steamy . My < PROPFIRST>'s air conditioning chose YESTERDAY to cease working . 
< PROPMALE > County folks : I need a very cheap , mechanically sound car for a wonderful , hardworking client with very sweet kids who is in desperate straits & sometimes needs to take one of her children to ER in the middle of the night . I had nearly lined up $ from a very generous church to pay for a $300 < PROPFIRST > she had found , but the owner just sold the < PROPFIRST > . If you have any leads , please let me know ! Thanks ! 
I believe more and more in miracles ... and the more I believe , the more miracles occur , from small to large . In just the last month , I've gone from weariness and disenchantment , to exhilaration in the belief that this God in me and all around me can bring about the impossible . Loaves and fishes are no longer a mystery ; all along , the great teachers have been telling us the secrets of the universe . 
On a rampage against evil slumlords ... and beating the drum for truly AFFORDABLE , safe , healthy housing so that no one ever again has to put up with despicable treatment by these predators . 
And still believing in miracles ... 
Great training , terrific instructor - learned a lot & came away with ideas . Great 11th floor Candlewood suite , overlooking the White River - I could see the training building across the river & 16th St. ! Explored the city with co-workers ... discovered many things that I want to do in Indy ... it's become my 2nd favorite city , after Asheville . AND just had a nice long chat with my long time friend , < PROPFEMALE > ! Good stuff . 
\Unfold your own myth . \ " Rumi . " 
A splurge week , the last for years , & only because I found great internet deals . A banjo recommended by a friend who is a banjo player/teacher in Indy - the HIGHER end version at 50% off , a few hundred off the price of the basic version . And a DSLR ( my point & shoot died in a lake in May ) for ~ 40% off . I wanted to sleep with the banjo last night , but < PROPFIRST > wasn't keen on being forced out of bed ... 
Woke up to a stench at 5:30 yesterday a . m ... I guess Mooshka was freaked that Daddy was gone & a banjo had replaced him ... she NEEDS her routine ! Had to clean up after her in the afternoon , too . All ended well last night at the CD release concert of lovely < PROPFEMALE > Detor , in her chocolate paper gown w/a talented array of performers . Today , practiced bum-ditty , searched for banjo stuff on Amazon . Red wine , off to bed . 
I am MUCH more relaxed w/ my new job : stutter less , think more clearly , make minimal errors . Time for hobbies , R&R . Today I noticed I was STROLLING instead of racing w/ worried brow . Some stress , but a far more manageable kind , & I love the families I work with ( ex ., an incredibly nice man w/ a severe chronic condition , in extreme pain : I know that he would appreciate prayer ) . Dreaming & believing again . 
Loving Lotus ! I am now an enthusiastic fan of < PROPFEMALE > Washburn and of Crooked Still . Tonight < PROPFIRST > is performing at a wedding , so I am going downtown to shoot pictures of the festive frolicking at Bloomington's international music version of Mardi Gras ! In the clouds shadowing the end of summer , Lotus is the brightest silver lining ... Friends not in B-town tonight ... I wish you were ! 
I wish that I could be happy about fall , but I really had no summer . A few kayaking trips , a couple of hikes in May , & otherwise I was indoors @ work or collapsing . Hiked today & dying foliage - because of drought more than fall - put me in mind of sad endings . And overcast w/little rain = allergy overdrive . But ... also listened to musicians creating new songs . So beginnings too . Going to play w/my banjo now ! 
Through a Glass Darkly : Smudged Mirror , New Toys ( new profile picture ) . Having fun ! 
Work , work , work ... long days ( 12 hours yesterday , 9 today ): the first day of energy assistance season was yesterday , so I working with many new clients whose needs go well beyond help with their energy bills . Have had some good successes with finding help for people , though : am grateful to those who helped as well as my hard-working clients who played significant roles in helping themselves . 
And thanks to all who sent birthday greetings : you have made my week ! 
< PROPFIRST > and Nicole : You've just made those happy birthday wishes stretch for 5 days - how cool ! Thank you ! 
These workdays are SO long ( 12 again today ) , but also so rewarding . Got a nice , homeless , disabled man ( he had serious surgery last week and was sleeping in his car Monday night ) housed - he moved into an apartment he loves today - and it feels good to have played a part in his joy . 
Oh ... GA3 and Bridges/Circles Indy conference visitors : you rock ! It was so much fun and inspiring to spend time with you tonight ! 
October is cancer month : In memory of every cancer patient , family member and friend who has lost their battle with cancer and in honor of those who continue to conquer it ! Put this up for 1 hour if you love someone who has or had cancer . Many won't copy and paste . I did . Will you post it ? 
Just returned home from my artist friend Grace's 6th birthday party . I'm amazed at Moms & Dads like < PROPFEMALE > and Karlo , who can put on huge , fun parties like that , with about a million small children : if it were me , I'd be collapsed for a month , at least , afterward . As my daughters can attest . 
OoOoOoh ... mold allergy season , even without rain . Nasty headache , could barely drive home from work this evening . It's causing vertigo , and I am moving very , very slowly . 
So many things I am curious about , want to learn , but can't seem to find the time to explore . I need to find ways to incorporate into my life all that calls to me . 
Just found my < PROPFEMALE > Detor Silver Woods CD ! < PROPFIRST > is allowed to start playing his 90 days of Christmas music on November 1st . So the most important thing standing between my ears and Andy-Williams-does-syrupy-Christmas-music ( which < PROPFIRST > recorded from the radio in the 1980s ) and the like was finding that CD . Relief . 
Oh , and I voted today , paper ballot = paper trail . 
I love fallen angels the most : the ones who fall to earth because their yearning to live among us mortal humans , flawed as we are , is so much greater than their < PROPFEMALE > for immortality . 
A belated thought - it's falling that makes us human ( oh , I am SO human ) . But then we can all be one another's angels ... certainly , in this broken world , those unseen ones who walk beside us and whisper love and encouragement into our ears could use a little help . 
Home Alone ... with a stack of books , 2 sweet dogs , the internet , my lovely banjo , a heart-rending movie ... and a bottle of wine ... who knows what could happen ... 
Such a clear and perfect , storybook crescent < PROPFEMALE > tonight . I just want to curl up in that curve and listen to the stars sing all night long . 
Gotta face up to the need for housecleaning - * sigh . * 
\It is not more surprising to be born twice than once ; everything in nature is resurrection . \ " Voltaire / A toast to birth and rebirth ! " 
About to eat a quick dinner and go to bed . Am standing in the Section 8 application line at BHA for disabled clients tomorrow morning at 7:00 ... which for me means being up at 5:00 . And I REALLY , REALLY hate mornings . But I love my clients even more . 
Wrapped in a cloud . I like it . 
My daughter is driving home from North < PROPFEMALE > for the holiday . And she's texting to FB while driving through twists and turns in the mountains . And I'm about to have a heart attack ! < PROPFEMALE > , if you're reading this , STOP NOW and pay attention to your driving ! 
Going to head for bed with my glass of red wine and read ( still another ) < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > novel , and toss and turn until I hear < PROPFEMALE>'s \Christine\ " crunching into the driveway ... " 
Finishing the last of the pumpkin ice cream pie . * sigh * 
Multiple updates : 1 ) < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > are officially engaged ! We've known since Thanksgiving , but couldn't spread the word until they'd told his family . 2 ) We've been allowed to spread the word since Wednesday , but I came home from work with the flu that day . Recovering after nearly constant sleep . 3 ) Need prayers , good vibes , whatever you believe in : our niece < PROPFEMALE > is in the hospital with a brain infection . 
This a.m. , 1 1/2 weeks after my respiratory flu retreated into a cold , woke up with congestion & whopper of a headache again ... went to work for an hour or so , left because my head was pounding too much to think . Tylenol & sinus spray have minimized it to a dull but insistent roar . The same bug staging a surprise uprising ? Or battle cry of a brand new virus ? Back to large doses of echinacea , vitamin C , zinc ... 
Recorded a Wheels to Work PSA for WFHB this evening . Ate , ordered some Christmas gifts online ( thanks to my Amazon Prime subscription , most will actually arrive by the end of the week ! ) Now ready to take some more Tylenol and collapse . 
Slowly , slowly getting the holiday shopping done . Quickly , quickly losing energy ... 
Officially on vacation until January 4th ... and officially sleeping in tomorrow ! Dream a little dream with me ... 
Lets see who is paying attention . Every single one of you are on my friends list as a result of a conscious decision . I want you there . I am not only glad to count you as friends but also family . Let's see who actually pays attention . Copy this as your status for a minute . I'll be watching to see who really does . < PROPFEMALE > family and friendship- Thank you for being a part of my life . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all !! 
Back to work tomorrow , so ready to head for bed now ... After completely neglecting nearly all of my goals for winter vacation , I finally accomplished some tasks today , so feeling good , despite the fact that the alarm is going to ring awfully early tomorrow . 
The dilemma was between dragging my bone-weary body into the kitchen to make marinara sauce for the fresh pasta in the freezer ... or dragging my bone-cold body back out into the gloomy last gasp ( hopefully ) of winter for pizza . I'm about to call Pizza X and commit . I need a personal chef , but < PROPFEMALE>'s in NC & < PROPFIRST>'s away for the weekend , and they're the only ones I can afford . 
I tried to convince the guys at Pizza X that Eller Rd . isn't far past their Airport Rd . delivery boundary , so they could extend their route to bring me pizza , but it was a no go . They said that I didn't want delivery anyhow , because then I wouldn't get to see them & be harassed . Mmm . Maybe some truth there . 
What's on my mind ? These past couple of hours chatting with my very dear , long-time friend < PROPFEMALE > ( aka Briney Storm ) . Such an enlightening and healing conversation , with sparks of joy lighting up those < PROPFIRST > corners where fear and sorrow lurk . What better way to spend time than supporting and being supported by a beloved friend , creating exciting plans for future endeavors together ? 
Two hours of negotiation time left until government shutdown . Still not sure if our agency would be affected . But we WILL be affected by the budget cuts , and the people we serve will suffer . And this wouldn't be happening if Republicans hadn't insisted on tax cuts for the wealthy 3 months ago - the $ the government won't be receiving from the wealthy would more than cover the amount Republicans want to cut . Grrr . 
Oops - two hours and 49 minutes . And it looks like they are close to reaching a compromise . But not in time to get it on paper before midnight . So a shor t-t erm continuing resolution will need to be agreed upon , as well . 
Looks like legislators have come to an agreement , and just passed another continuing resolution to give them time to formally enact it . So I guess the fight is over .... until fall . Now we get to see just HOW big CSBG cuts are going to be , and what that's going to mean for the agency and our clients . 
Such a lovely day - one to treasure . 
\You never know what might blow\ 
Kayaked through treetops once again this year ... it's lost its appeal , especially knowing that the lotus are not coming back to Crooked Creek anytime soon . Still a good time in the sun and on the water , a beautiful day . Found a colony of nesting swallows ... but the battery had died on my camera . That has its own positive side ... I was focused on the whole rather than the parts I would have been shooting . 
Traded in our old modem , etc . ( circa 2004 or earlier ) for new equipment , and our internet is not only back up , but MUCH faster ! What a relief ! I'm amazed at how dependent I've become on the internet ... just a couple of days away caused a lot of stress . A far different world than I lived in just 15 or 20 years ago . 
June 16th - one of the very best days of my life : the day < PROPFEMALE > was born . Love , love , love to my brilliant , talented , quirky , caring - and beautiful - daughter . 
Had a call from a client tonight ... she has gone into premature labor at 28 weeks . Seeking prayers , good vibes , etc ., that the baby makes it ... as well as clothing , furniture and car seat for him ... she has nothing . Let me know if you can donate anything . Thanks ! 
YOUR DAUGHTER WILL HOLD YOUR HAND FOR ONLY A LITTLE WHILE , BUT WILL HOLD YOUR HEART FOR A LIFETIME . IT'S DAUGHTERS WEEK .... IF YOU HAVE A DAUGHTER WHO MAKES YOUR LIFE WORTH LIVING BY JUST BEING AROUND HER , AND LOVE HER AS MUCH AS YOUR OWN BREATH & IF YOU'RE PROUD OF YOUR DAUGHTER , COPY AND PASTE THIS TO YOUR STATUS ! 
Choosing to follow my North < PROPFEMALE > , listen to my lion , and step out onto the ice , knowing that it will hold . 
\We do violence to our destinies whenever we trust our stories over our experience . \ " < PROPFEMALE > Beck . \ 
My fortune cookie this evening says , \All decisions you make today will be most fortunate . \ " It's a keeper ... and I think some big decisions might be made before midnight ! " 
Who actually reads my posts ? Lets see who reads this ENTIRELY !... leave me a one word comment that best describes me , using the second letter of your last name it can only be one word . Then , copy this to ur wall so i can do a word about u . DONT just post one for me and not copy ... THATS NO FUN !!! ( : 
For any Players Pub fans who haven't heard the terrible news : Pub owner < PROPMALE > Hill died suddenly a few hours ago . So very sad . 
