Happy new year ya'll! 

is back from Nebraska 
Obay gravity --- it's the law ! 
\Knowing is only half the battle \"" 
is listening to the Transformers score ! 
\Fate rarely calls on us in a moment of our choosing \"" 
Knowledge of one's limitations and the ability to operate effectively within them are also strengths 
Be quiet , why this anxious heed about thy tangled ways ? God knows them all , He giveth speed , And He allows delays . E . W . 
Is trying to think about the flow of water 
has been thinking too much 
Just realized how cool watercolors are 
Gave my last speech for speech class . Yeah for prunes ! 
is glad I gave my speech last week ; too sick this week to give a speech 
my cold is finally leaving me be 
Like Jesus out side the tomb of Lazarus , I am angry at the sorrow that death causes 
Is it weird for me to say that my favorite tv show right now is the old 1960's Speed Racer cartoon ? 
Yeah to Christmas break ! I hope everyone's finals went well , and all have a great Christmas ! 
Went to the doctor’s to have my annual physical and am now signed up for an MRI . True test for claustrophobia , hehe ... sigh 
My Dad , < PROPFEMALE > , and I survived and conquered the Red Ring of Death in our Xbox 360 !! Booya !! 
Gettin ' ready to go to my MRI , weee ... 
Surrvied the MRI . I wonder how long the results will take . 
Happy New Year everone ! 
Never received a water < PROPMALE > in the mail for my apartment , so I looked at my internet account and sure enough I had a amount to pay , plus a late fee , sigh 
I karate chopped a bannana at the dinner table because I am a ninja ! 
Loves learning from teachers that love to teach ! 
Woo ! Had a slightly stressful day where my car's engine light came on and , at first , wouldn’t go above 20 MPH . But God was good and got me to class and later to a local hyundai dealership who fixed it up . Yay :D 
Ugg . Worked really hard to do and understand my csc333 assignment and was really proud of solving the answers . But the teacher updated the list of problems a day or so after I wrote down which ones they were , so I ended up failing that assignment miserably . 
I love that my two new bata fishes swim to the edge of thier tanks to greet me now . Though , they demand that I feed them some yummy blood worms , I still think its cute :D 
Yay ! Just got out of my csc 333 test and it went really well ! My other classmates said that it was really easy , but is that supposed to be a bad thing ? XD 
Want something funny to laugh at ? Go to Google , type in : ' where can I find < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE>' , and press I'm Feeling Lucky . XD 
Homework 
Is now 22 . Wow , how time flies . 
Its my brithday , and I'm sick . But I feel so blessed , that I can hardly tell XD 
In my dreams last night , I made up two really cool songs that I was jamming to . Then I woke up and forgot them . Sad day . 
Was turned down for a summer internship . Oh , well . It was a great experience for the interview process . Now I just need to figure out what to do with my summer . 
Yeah ... made it ! End of semester ! Wahoo !.... * crashes * 
My < PROPFEMALE > is starting to talk words ! Or at least tries to , he mumbles a lot XD 
Saku called himself a pretty bird today XD 
Life’s too short , too precious to live it in regret 
Got an escort ride to my car in a UPD squad car today ! 
Woke up feeling bad from my cold , then my toilet wouldn’t work , and then I dropped the toilet lip and it broke . Sigh going back to bed . 
Gave blood today at the SFA Student Ministries . Ahh , the power of bribery by pizza XD 
