So ... school restarts tomorrow . Damn . 

so ... bored ... 
' s frozen pizza was cooked without removing the paperboard tray that comes with it . It is now fused into my pizza . I don't understand . It isn't Monday , is it ? 
Why can't I sleeeeeeeeeep ?! 
is going to go see the new Transformers movie soon . If anyone's interested in coming along , leave a comment and I'll see what I can do . 
... alright then . Off to see Transformers without anyone else , then . 
is going to be able to go see the midnight premiere of < PROPMALE > Potter and the Half-Blood < PROPMALE > . Squee . 
Happy 4th , everyone ! 
just heard the first fireworks ... or something . 
9 days until awesomeness strikes ... 
7 days until HBP . 
6 days until HBP . 
5 days until HBP . 
4 days until HBP . 
3 days until HBP ... 
3 days until HBP . 
HBP tomorrow night . * twitches violently with impatience * 
somehow got a 5 out of 5 on his Calculus AP exam . Also , ~ 28 hours until HBP . 
is ridiculously excited for tonight . ~ 15 hours remaining . 
~ 12.5 hours until HBP premiere . 
is home from watching < PROPMALE > Potter and the Half-Blood < PROPMALE > . Oddly , I don't feel that tired . That will likely catch up with me very soon . 
' s tongue hurts . Why my tongue hurts is beyond me , as there isn't anything that could explain it ... 
is absolutely fascinated by the adaptability of the ants that have invaded our house . They've learned about what time I'm not at my computer to start appearing . It really is fairly impressive . That does not , however , stop me from crushing every single one 
Not being able to sleep sucks . 
is currently in mid-rage at Microsoft Office Excel . Stupid piece of garbage . 
... so we just barely managed to get out of the train jam before the cops showed up . 
just got a call from 1-866-666-6666 . I'm not even kidding . 
was one of a whopping 2 members of NHS to show up to help today . Whoopee . 
Senior year starts tomorrow ... nuts . 
Senior year stars . Bad words . 
' s toe is very bruised . I didn't think it would look like I got a shiner on my foot ... 
has realized what a dangerous thing volunteering to babysit little kids is , and it is beyond belief . I mean , would you expect to get a spin kick to the groin in that situation ? I certainly didn't , but that didn't stop it from happening ... 
severe lower right back pain . may or may not be in any condition to go to school . 
is cranky . 
the war with the ants over ownership to my computer has resumed in force . 
is in a particularly foul mood . I'd recommend not pissing me off further any time soon . 
just caught a shiny Oddish . Yes , I am a horrendous geek , but I have become incredibly giddy over this small thing . 
is getting really tired of facebook reorganizing itself . 
District 9 was extremely impressive . 
bending over repeatedly to grab stuff for the garage sale leads to debilitating back pain . 
will be out of town starting at about 1:30 PM today until an as of yet undetermined time on Friday . 
So ... school's back . * censored due to combinations of swears that should not have ever been * 
Last day of being 17 ... 
is 18 . Booyah . 
Worst Birthday Present Ever : Somehow getting gum on favorite jacket , favorite blanket , and good pair of khakis . FML . 
does not know why his brain feels like it is surrounded by cotton , but he doesn't like it . 
Forget cotton , my brain feels like it is surrounded with steel wool . 
Okay , this is just getting ridiculous . Barbed wire should not be lining the inside of my skull , and yet ... 
is barely still awake . Midterms are evil . 
had quite easily the most terrifying dream of all time : < PROPMALE > was in a skirt . Rio < PROPMALE > Buddah < PROPMALE > 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
saw Avatar in IMAX 3D . My eyes hurt now . 
Happy 2011 ! 
will be in a horrendous mood for the unforseeable future , but will be trying to suppress it . Still , don't push your luck . Fair warning . 
Dammit Facebook , stop changing the layout ! 
dares you to look up \Canada's History\ " on urbandictionary.com . " 
feels not-so-good . 
Snow = Awesome^amazing . Or , to the less mathematically inclined , Snow is awesome to the power of amazing . Or , to the even less mathematically inclined , snow is totally and completely awesometastic . 
Wait ... so with the late start , I miss two of the three classes that I actually like ? * sigh * 
just managed to give himself a pretty hefty nosebleed ... with a straw . Envy my talent . 
Has mistakenly shown up half an hour early for Thriller practice ... 
Why is it that I get sick over long weekends and stay sick for another day ? Am I allergic to long weekends ? 
My day just got a whole hell of a lot better . I've been accepted into Southwestern for the fall semester !! 
just saw Iron Man 2 , and it was awesome . I'm trying to figure out if it'll overshadow the whole graduating from highschool thing or not . Can't be sure . 
So in a few hours , I will officially have graduated from high school . Holy shit . 
has graduated from high school . I don't know whether to cheer , scream , or burst into tears . 
I'm probably one of the only people in this day and age that has used an honest to god sword while attempting to fix the garage door ... and have it work perfectly . 
Senior pool party ! 
is now about the same color as a flamingo . Super white nerd + Sun = OUCH . 
I am become sunburn , destroyer of skin . 
so ... I have yet to get my report card from < PROPFEMALE > . I need to know my class rank and stuff for filling out information for my schedule at Southwestern within the next couple of days . This is a problem . Has anyone else gotten any info from < PROPFEMALE > ? 
Another week , another lost volleyball game . * sigh * 
Volleyball tournament . 
In one week's time , my life begins a new chapter . I will be in college . I'll be curled up in the fetal position in the corner if you need me . 
Oh dear . I'm moving in to college TOMORROW . I do believe I'm going to ... * passes out * 
Leaving for college . Today . * The remainder of this status has been censored to to extreme vulgarity and mention of inappropriate usage of a water faucet . * 
has moved in . 
Has it really been just a few days ? It feels like I haven't been home in weeks ... 
Is it strange that on the first Friday night of college that I don't want to go to the frat party ? 
So ... college classes start today ... Well , can't complain about them being early . My first class today isn't until 11 . 
In my first year seminar , we just managed , by an 8 to 7 vote , to give women suffrage in Athens in 403 BC . 
just saw < PROPMALE > Braunger live . Southwestern , I love you . 
would be asleep now ... but happens to live in Ruter 3 ... where the music NEVER STOPS . * weeps * 
there was a parade through the dorms , about half an hour ago . I attempted to post this then , but facebook decided to be douchey . I believe that we identified the culprits as people from a milk bar . Ruter will be ready next time . 
is not one for college parties . I spent less than 5 minutes there , didn't have anything , and had to leave due to the level of smoke ... and the fact that all that anybody was doing was drinking . Definitely not my style . 
Nerf war was fun . Did you know that in bringing a sword to a gun fight , so long as both are nerf , the sword wins ? 
cannot sleep , despite the serene silence of the dorms . 
has had a persistent headache since about 3:00 . It came with no warning of any sort , and has yet to abate . In about the past 20 minutes , I've begun feeling mildly sick to my stomach . I'd recommend staying away from me for the time being . I think I have some sort of bug . 
Well , thankfully , the headache and stomachache are both gone now . That was either the shortest bug I've ever had , or ... well , I'm not sure what else it could have been . 
I knew people were crazy about football , and I knew my floor was loud . What I didn't realize is that they would be loud enough that the RA from the 1st floor would hear their damn screaming . 
So apparently Intro to Acting has been canceled for today . 
AP scores finally ordered . The automated service has some trouble with < PROPFIRST > , but the actual people involved are very good at their job , if not enthusiastic . I don't blame them , though : seems like a boring job . 
Why must you not work , oh Steam ? Why do you torment me so ? 
feeling kind of sick , though it's almost certainly just a minor bug that will be gone by tomorrow . Still , I'm going to be spending most of the day resting to try to kick it . No bug is going to stop me from going to the Rally to Restore Sanity . I'll murder it . I don't care how impossible that is . 
is still not at 100% , but feels considerably better than earlier . Hooray\ 
for laying in bed all day and accomplishing absolutely nothing . 
less than 48 hours remaining until awesome . Squee . 
Just under 36 hours until awesome . Squee , I say . 
is in Baltimore , waiting for the Rally tomorrow . I'm both pleased and disappointed that my back didn't set off any alarms . 
Just under 12 hours until AWESOME . SQUEE . 
Rally . I hereby declare , SQUEE ! 
Finally back at the hotel from the Rally to Restore Sanity . Holy shit there were a lot of people there . I could barely catch any of what < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > said , and they had powerful microphone systems ! Tired now . Being sane is hard work . Will upload pictures of the rally tomorrow . 
working on uploading Rally Photos , and watching recording of Rally . I actually saw none of the show , given how many people were in front of us . 
Done uploading photos . 
just found out that apparently someone has gotten a hold of my Wells Fargo card , and attempted to buy large amounts of jewelry with it . This prevents me from purchasing a game because the debit card is now being shut down . Whoever you are , if you can read this ( and I hope you can't , because that would mean I know you ) , FUCK YOU WITH A MOLTEN CROWBAR . 
just now woke up . Glorious . 
Why is it that the sky's the limit ? We've been to the damn < PROPFEMALE > . 
is wondering how many people are going to be crushed underfoot in the Black Friday rush for discounts . I'm guessing ... 6 . We'll see tomorrow if I'm a prophet of death or not ! 
Why is it that when I don't say anything , I'm right , but whenever I bother saying something , I'm wrong ? 
Change\ 
your Facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The \ 
goal ? To not see a human face on Facebook until december 6th . JOIN THE \ 
FIGHT AGAINST CHILD ABUSE !!! copy and paste on your status and invite \ 
friends to do this 
Thanks to everyone for all the birthday wishes ! 
Slept through the first opportunity for taking his last final . Thankfully , there's also a 6 PM slot available to take it . Looks like I'll be going home tomorrow rather than today . Bugger . 
Normally , I'd think I'd been up for too long . However , I woke up at 1 yesterday . PM . I've still got 2 more hours in me before total crash point . 
has determined that the only way that he's going to get back to a regular sleep schedule is by not sleeping until tonight . This getting up at 3pm and going to bed at 5am is not going to work for me . 
is , for lack of anything better to do , laying in bed with Skype open hoping that someone else is bored enough to be willing to talk to me . 
Nap time now . 
is once more , for lack of anything better to do , laying in bed hoping that someone else is bored enough to be willing to talk to me . 
Getting the senior class together was definitely fun . Will upload the ( extremely few ) photos I got either later today or tomorrow morning . 
2010 is almost over ! Like this if I made you simle or laugh this year . Put this as your status and see how many people you made laugh or smile this year . 
INBOX ONLY ! : 2010 is almost over , confess/ask something you have always wanted to tell/ask me . It will stay between the two of us . Put this as your status and you may be surprised . 
Headed off to < PROPFIRST > in about 10-15 minutes . 
Back to SU tomorrow . Not looking forward to homework and essays , but has missed friends more than he probably should have . 
Back on campus . 
You know it's going to be a good day when you can legitimately answer a question in class with \I have made fun of < PROPFIRST > Bieber . \"" 
I sometimes wonder why relationship status can't be set to \alone\ " . I then proceed to beat the shit out of the stupid emo part of me that thought something like that . " 
Watching \Mega Shark vs Giant Octopus\ " with dormmates . Glorious . " 
Home for the weekend . 
thinks he's getting sick , if the coughing is any indication . The onset was oddly abrupt , so it might just be from crossing campus at a run to get to The Daily Show , but I don't think I'm that fortunate . 
You might be in luck , < PROPMALE > Ellinger , I don't think you actually got me sick , so it looks like I won't have to kill you . 
Waiting at DPS to get State ID . Fun fun fun . 
ID acquisition process complete . 
It is so damn cold that I'm wearing long pants instead of shorts . Anyone who knows me realizes the seriousness of this . 
There seems to have been a power outage at Ruter . Some lights are still on , but not all , and internet's down ( had to use iPhone connection to post ) . Can anyone confirm if this is widespread ? 
Power's back up . 
Okay , this is bullshit . If power is going to go out this frequently , classes should not be happening . 
If my guess is right , SU has about half an hour until the next blackout . Considering that there is a STATEWIDE STATE OF EMERGENCY , shouldn't we be conserving energy by allowing college students to sleep instead of shiver their way to classes that will be interrupted by this blackout anyway ? 
You might care a bit too much about your friends when you are too nervous about oversleeping and missing lunch with them on the rare occasion of morning class being canceled to just sleep in . 
Snow ?! 
Goddammit , not snow . 
I already had my class canceled . Now everyone's classes are canceled . Snow , you bring joy to college students . 
And , as the trend seems to have been over the past 24 hours , my mood plummets . 
With any luck , I'll be able to keep my mood in check this week . Of course , the fact that I now have the Cthulhu for President rulebook will help . It's even more hilarious than I thought . 
So ... I'm guessing that I missed an email , because I'm the only one in the room ... Huh . Well , as I haven't programmed my iPhone to contact email , there isn't a way for me to check ... So I sit here for 15 minutes . To be absolutely sure . * sigh * 
Boom , I can now be sure I have no fault for leaving . 
Depression is a fascinating thing . Just one < PROPFEMALE > little comment can cause a pitfall in self-esteem when deliberately hurtful comments do nothing . Of course , I can't be terribly sure ; I don't think I've encountered the latter in ages . 
So ... tired ... but class hasn't been canceled ... I would totally just sleep ( I am really freaking tired , despite getting a decent amount of sleep ) , but I've got a Spanish test in an hour . What I would give for a time-turner just for sleep ... 
Is it odd that when I think about the vastness of the universe and my comparable insignificance that I spontaneously feel dramatically better ? In any case , I'm pretty sure that it's extraordinarily strange that when I think about the fictional universe of the Cthulhu Mythos and its gods that range from apathetic to antagonistic that I feel bizarrely cheerful , and not because I compare it to the actual universe . 
Yes , it's < PROPFIRST>'s Day . A day which arbitrarily declares that couples are more important than usual . I fail to see why anyone single would be any more upset today than on any other given day . 
Clearly , the universe is conspiring against me ... having a bad day , that is . 98% on a test I thought I bombed , told my research paper idea was awesome , longest class canceled . If I didn't know any better , I'd think the universe was asking me to be its < PROPFIRST > . 
Well , roommate has the flu . I've been feeling ( physically ) less than stellar for some time now . I've already opted to skip Martial Arts . Now attempting to determine if my thought processes have been interfered with on a level that would not allow me to attend class . As a frame of reference , it took me nearly two minutes to phrase this status . 
As further evidence of how poorly my mind is currently working , I just wrote \in and of itself\ " as a single word and could not for several seconds understand why OpenOffice was saying it was spelled incorrectly . This is a bad sign . " 
I have decided that my mental capacity is bleh . I'm going to try to regain some thought processes with a nap . Hopefully I'll be able to function at least tomorrow . 
I can safely say that before living in Ruter , I had never known anyone whose first instinct upon seeing a plastic container of peanut butter lying around in the hall is to punt it . Now I do . There is a 30 foot line of peanut butter in the hallway . * sigh * 
Still feeling like crap . Will be visiting Health Services or whatever today to see exactly what it is . Probably flu . 
Health services is booked until after 3 , so I get to wait until then to confirm what I have . 
It's looking like I've got some sort of virus , not the flu . 
And judging by the way my stomach has been acting for the past few hours , it looks like Mr. Unknown Virus is back , having just gone on vacation for a few days . If it continues like last time , I should have 1 or 2 days before it causes another utter collapse . I doubt that it'll get as bad as that , though : with my luck , it'll just stay to the point where I cannot justify missing class , and yet still feel bad . Fun fun . 
Well , I had thought I was over whatever this bug was , but the vomiting suggests otherwise . FUN ! 
Well , I'm going to be basically nonexistant for the next little while . I've been advised not to try eating regular food for several days . Unless you're someone who visits my room on a regular basis , you won't be seeing me until I get better . In other news , I am a prophet of my own suffering : I totally predicted that I would get sick again today . 
Being sick is lonely . :( 
Spent last 20 minutes or so in much the same condition as yesterday morning . If I thought that punching my stomach would do anything other than make me throw up MORE , I would do so in frustration and anger . 
One of the worst things about this kind of sickness ? The inability to eat normal food . 
Still not feeling like it would be safe to eat anything , but I think I might be on the mend . Maybe . I hope . Please ? 
I thought I was getting better . I really did . Then , as I was going to the bathroom right before a class that I really cannot afford to keep missing , one that I actually enjoy going to , I started with the retching again . This sucks . 
Heading home soon . Maybe I'll get better there . If not , well ... there's a serious freaking problem . 
Still not feeling too great , but somehow Gatorade Popsicles almost completely suppress the nausea while they last . Tasty and helpful ! 
I would enjoy nap time so much more if I wasn't having it solely in an attempt to get over being ill . Oh well . Nap time . 
Okay , so it feels like nap time isn't going to work out . Oh well . That's what televisions are for : when you need to lie comatose with greatly reduced brain activity , but sleep isn't an option . 
FINALLY , I feel better . * happy dance * 
So , let me get this straight ... Kelsey Gramer can end a 15 year marriage over the phone , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > can be on divorce #9 , < PROPFEMALE > Spears had a 55 hour marriage , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and Tiger Woods , while married , were having sex with EVERYONE . Yet , the idea of same-sex marriage is going to destroy the institution of marriage ? Really ? Re-post to your < PROPFEMALE > if you are proud to support equal rights for ALL !!! 
Ethics class sparks fascinating conversations . I just had one with < PROPFIRST > Mappes and < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > that managed to cover the nature of transcendent beings , supervillainy and why it might be the answer , and how people with Ph . Ds in Philosophy are capable of determining what you want to say before you say it and then proceed to say it better than you ever could . 
Class is done ! Spring break !... and that 10-page paper for Ethics ... * is conflicted * 
Go to your profile , and the top 5 friends that show up on your friends list are now you team for the Zombie Apocalypse . < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > McCalpin , < PROPFIRST > Morales , Calum < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > Goodman , and < PROPMALE > Buckland . \ 
\ 
Those poor , poor zombies . 
... why the hell am I still awake ? 
Back on campus . Now if only I had actually DONE anything during that week off ... * sigh * 
For whatever reason , I've been less hungry and more tired recently , to the point where I decide consciously that trying to take a nap and doubtlessly failing to ever fall asleep is more important than going to eat lunch . Oddly , this tiredness is not accompanied by any feeling of sickness . Small miracles , I guess . 
Brain is behaving aberrantly . No symptoms to suggest illness . Probably not going to leave the room , lest I appear as the most ridiculously dazed version of myself ever to be . If there were no AutoCorrect , this message would look dramatically stranger . Wheeblethornton . 
Why is it that while there are distractions , I can get so very close to sleep that I can feel myself disconnecting from consciousness with my only anchor being those distractions , yet I am unable to return to that serene state once I've had those distractions removed ? 
I'm in a good mood . The last time I was in a good mood , I fell ill for two weeks with a series of stomach bugs . Clearly , something monumentally terrible is about to happen . 
Hopefully , my rather uncomfortable schedule was that bad thing I was anticipating . It's not going to be fun , time-wise , but it isn't something like an illness or getting assaulted by horrors from beyond the edges of time and space . Though if it was the second one , I would be rather convinced that I had already gone insane , and would not necessarily care that much . Other than the screaming in unimaginable horror . 
Tonight's Daily Show and Colbert Report have incredible guests . Foo Fighters on Daily Show and the Mythbusters on the Colbert Report . Wow . 
