Looking for another old school car to turn into a dragstrip monster ... anyone got any ideas where I can find a cheap body , I'd prefer an early Camaro , 73 at the latest , or an early < PROPFEMALE > , and someother early GM's . 

Off work today , but gotta fix stuff , its never ending I swear . Got off work at 3AM staying up and starting to fix shit in T-MINUS 46 mins and counting , its gonna be a long day , probably fully of bad words and burning eyes . At least its not 9000 fucking degrees today though ! 
Building a wind turbine , gonna cook up some free electric ! 
Off to work 
Brake job time 
Off to work I go 
My\ 
car has a window forming .... on the floor under the clutch \ 
pedal .... Its gonna be retired soon , before I have road rash on my ass , \ 
HAHA ! Good news ... the truck is ALIVE !!! again !. I worked out the \ 
transmission gremlins ... transmissions ... f*&%$ ! $ !. I picked up all the \ 
components for the brakes today ... except brake fluid , I forgot , dam \ 
figures HAHA ! Next tie rods and 4x4 components , should be ready to roll on Sun . 
The truck is alive , for now . The wheel bearings are quickly on their way out though . Which causes the ABS to engage at inopportune times , ( Makes for an interesting drive haha ! ) because , the wheel bearings and ABS sensors are incorporated into single hub assemblys . Which really pisses me off , I like the old setups much more , but what can ya do ? Aircraft grade bearings my ass ! PITA 
Think , I'm gonna head to the shooting range today , haven't been for about 4 months , feeling < PROPMALE > . 
Off to work , hope its a quick monday 
Putting a new roof on the house , going to a gun show , and maybe helping my sister move tomorrow ... if her worthless boyfriend isn't there ... 
The truck is back up and running ... again ... yes , it bit the dust again . Fucking amazing ! $1150 spent on it in the past 30 days , grand total since I've had it ... $5000 + : l 
Tomorrow should be an \interesting\ " day . " 
Off until next Tuesday ! 
Go learn some stuff , have some fun , if you get arrested you didn't hear it from me , HAHAH ! http://www.phonelosers.org/ 
Time to work on more cars 
Thanks for the B-day wishes , I'm off to bed then off to work , talk to ya all later 
More cars , the work never stops hahaha ! 
Sail your pirate flag high and proud ! < PROPFEMALE > somewhat late Christmas ! 
Isn't there suppose to be a snow storm starting tonight ? 
Oh man ! It is FREEZING out there , dam wind cuts right through ya , must be blowing 30-40mph down here . 
I quit smoking today ... I got a feeling its gonna be a shitty day at work tomorrow , haha ! 
MMMmmmM .... time for a beer , long night at work . 
Dam cars ... at least its nice out 
BEEEEEEER ! hahaha ! 
Anyone up for black ops 
Good day for cooking out 
Yeah 
Dam theres snow on the ground again ! Well off to work . 
Got a sore shoulder , today was shotgun day , 12ga ! Fun stuff ! Time for a drink , or many , hahaha ! 
$3.79 for gas ... that sucks . 
