I wish .... that the happiness of others will always be enough to outweigh all miseries of my own life . 

The worst feeling isn't being lonely . Its being forgotten by someone you could never forget :/ 
anyone interested of playing volleyball tomorrow morning in the beach volley ball courts ??????? 
i just became a hero lol 
Odi et amo . quare id faciam , fortasse requiris ? nescio , sed fieri sentio et excrucior . 
awesome poem Odi et amo . quare id faciam , fortasse requiris ? nescio , sed fieri sentio et excrucior . 
laissez-faire 
sulum vir has suus specialis moestitia ut orbis terrarum teneo non quod sulum vicis they dico him gelu sit tantum tristis 
just beat < PROPFIRST > 3 games in a row in < PROPFEMALE > pong !!!! 
is going trick and trating this weekend anyone in ?????? 
i took it from a friend .... RATE ME . 1 : Crazy . 2:I'd Marry You . 3 : Talkative . 4 : Sarcastic . 5 : Lovable . 6 : Hoe 7 : Moody . 8 :D umb . 9 : Spoiled . 10 : Mouthy . 11 : Random . 12 : Hot . 13 : Funny . 14 : Fit . 15 : Amazing . 16 : Tough . 17 : Cute . 18 : Bf/Gf Type . 19 : Player . 20 : The Best . 21 : Freak . 22 : Quiet . 23 : Sexy . 24 : Adorable . 25 : Annoying . 26 : Rude . 27 : Boring . 
I guess im the guy , knowing she is happy , and is happy and sad at the same time . Sad because it's not me making her happy , but happy because I love her enought to want her to be happy . 
I tried very hard not to lose it while spending all the time coming up with millions of excuses and i thought i came up with every possibility but in the end i will always be depressed . 
I guess im that guy that knows he isn't perfect but still tries to be , the guy who looks into her eyes and knows there won't be a better person so just gives up , and i am the guy who is happy and sad at the same time , sad because its not me making her happy , but happy because i love here enough to want her to be happy :/ 
just won first official game of \dorm pong \"" 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
depressed :( 
yesterday i dreamt of you , i dreamt of how u and i would be , i dreamt of how i told you that i cared about you , i dreamt of how we held each other and stared at each others eyes , i dreamt of telling you that i loved you and i dreamt that you told me that you loved me too and you would never hurt me .... and then i woke up .... i tried going back to sleep just so i can live in that world with you and escape the reality :( 
Really conflicted right now from right and wrong ... need help 
when ordering food < PROPMALE > Castillo's voice cracked lol , \Puberty is a bitch \"-< PROPMALE > J Castillo Jr " 
When you start off good friends with someone . Then before you know it , you have a huge crush on them . But you can't tell anyone because you can't risk ruining your friendship . And you find yourseslf fighting the urge to passionately kiss them , everytime you're together :( 
I am lonely because I'm an invisible person . I'm a person of substance , flesh and bone and I might even be said to possess a mind . I'm invisible because people refuse to see me . They see only what they want to , what makes them happy and secure But in reality there is rarely true happiness and security This may open your eyes , to the truth , to the real world , not what your mind wants to see , but what you mind needs to 
my exam got rescheduled for the past 3 weeks !!!!!!!!!!! 1 
I asked her to talk , and she hesitated . We looked into each others eyes and i started . I told her how much i care about her and how she is constantly on my mind and how i needed to know what her feelings for me are . After forcing my self not to tear or show much emotions the conversation was over . We were friends in the past , we are friends now , and in the future that is all we will ever be and i need to accept it . 
I will always be right beside you until the very end , wiping your tears because i am your friend , i will smile because you smile , i will feel the pain you do , and if you shed a tear i promise to shed one too just because we are just friends . 
My heart got ripped out by you and all you did was tear it , crush it and step all over it .... oh but what is this my heart is still beating ... now what ? :'( 
I get sad when noone reaches out to help me , but the truth is ... they do ... I just can't see through the walls 
Just a bit depressed gonna go for a long walk 
Bored in class 
Bored , does anyone want to talk ? 
Can someone tel me why i am better off without her 
Why cant you just love me back ? 
Taking a walk so i can identify the voices in my head 
I dont think im responsible enough to have a best friend becuase i keep losing them :.( 
I do tknow whether to be sad , mad or just depressed anymore 
I thought you were the one in which i would spend my eternity , but you cant tell me that you dont love me like i love you , the hardest part is letting go , i really didnt care as long as he treats right , its so hard because it hurts so much because i know you should be with me and not him . 
how do you know when a woman is about to say something smart ? when she starts her saying , \a man once said \"" 
just learned to do a rubiks cube thanks to < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
Love is the most painful emotion but yet everyone craves for it with an expectation that it will take that pain away 
Sulum vir has suus specialis moestitia ut \ 
orbis terrarum teneo non , quod sulum vicis they dico him gelu sit \ 
tantum tristis . 
This hurts so much when you know that you should be with me and not with him 
Off to watch iron man 2 ! 
Iron man 2 = awesome 
Jenn Ngai stop being picky 
Three down two to go 
Four down one to go 
Summer here i a ..... zzzzzz 
I dont love you , like i loved you yesterday 
Story of my life : falls in love with girl that doesnt love me back , she goes with another guy who will leave her , she comes back to me and i try not to b 
e there but i cant resist to pick her up when she is down 
Ihop :) 
Everyone says things happen for a reason .. it seems true but what are the reasons for all that has happened for me ????? I will just continue to live me life and pray to a god that i dont know whether i believe in or not :( 
Pissed off 
six flags anyone on wednesday 
Six flags is awesome 
Six flags again !! 
Human beings have looked into the heavens and seen < PROPFEMALE > s , so we built spaceships to go see them closer only to find out they no longer exist but what we saw was only their mere image , she was my < PROPFEMALE > , i went out to be closer to her but only to realize that it too was pointless . 
I use to dream of the life that i am living now , and i have to admit that i didnt think id live this long 
\like\ " this status and i'll tell you my first impression of you " 
Toy story 3 was awesome 
You wil never see what you have done to me , all of these hidden tears . 
Being a paper boy for the day at new york lol 
GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Spain 1 
Gonna dissapear for a few days to think about things and hopefully i come back 
HONEST FOR 24 HOURS : you can ask me any question ( only in my inbox ) ANY QUESTION & you'll have my FULL honesty , but i DARE you to put this as your status and see what questions you get . 
For all fans of avatar the last airbender do not watch the movie , it is so horrible and a waste of money 
Many people want to be remembered after they pass on , personally i want to be forgotten so that the memory of me doesn't make anyone sad , everything i have ever done for anyone was for that moment , for that moment of happiness 
Really wishes i had something to take the edge off 
I really wish i can talk to someone that wasnt so easy to deceive , its was sad that even a professional was deceived 
Spain won !!!! 
Anyone awake ? 
Will you swear on your life that noone will cry at my funeral ? 
Gooooooaaaaaalllllll 
Spain wins 
Hi < PROPMALE > 
I never really told you , i just held it in , and now i miss everything about you because we no longer < PROPFEMALE > out 
I cant do this all on my own , i really wish i had someone 
Why does everyone get to be happy ? when is it my turn ....? 
Depressed 
Depressed ... and really wishes that i didnt have a psychiatrist that was easy to deceive 
I dont think people are meant to be by themselves 
I always see you and everytime i say to myself that i love you and and i always see the things that made me love you but in the end i know it isnt real 
I really thought today that i might have started to love you again like i did in the past but then you go ahead and remind me of why i stopped , idk if it 
s a good thing or not 
Hapy birthday < PROPMALE > 
Going to rutgers for a fat sandwich 
Wolf < PROPFEMALE > tonight 
I guess people with my personality were not suppose to be happy 
You never have to be afraid to put your plan into action 
How can you get over someone when you have to be around them all the time ??? 
I wish you were a stranger i can disengage 
Being close to the person you like stops anyone else from getting close 
If you only knew what happens to me every time i see you :'( 
I just barely want to be me anymore , i wish i can just leave and start over 
I was always analyzing everyone elses demons and i never took time to solve my own 
No se como ser sin ti .... 
How long will it take to recover the pieces of my life that you took ? 
OMG !!!!!!!!!!!! First status from my new SONY VAIO !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
oovoo anyone ? 
Your actions today show me why we can never be together and i fully understand it but for some reason i cant let go 
Is anyone awake ??? i need someone to take my mind off of things 
Im alive but i can surely fake it 
I saw you i knew that this was when we would have our first kiss and we would fall in love ... but then i woke up and came back to reality 
I've always thought that no matter how alone i feel , how painful it may be that with the help of the people around me that i would get through this too , but recently it has become harder and harder to believe in . 
Maybe its true that im the type of guy that wants what he can not have 
What could i have done differently , you never said there was anything wrong 
anyone have books for psychology ??? 
There is just so much that i can say and do and even still you wont pay attention 
Getting shit done with berto tonight ! 
Gen Psyche teacher .... such a weird guy but a cool one nonetheless 
Now thats its over you cant hurt me , now thats its over you cant bring me down anymore 
Just look at yourself , do you like what you see ?? 
You told me that we were best friends , you cried in my arms and i in yours , but now your gone and im left to cry by myself 
Hey if anyone wants to play intramural volleyball on Busch campus let me know 
< PROPFIRST > Kopko is so much more amazing than me in every aspect of life . 
This dream came from a thought , i only think of you 
GYM anyone ?????? 
A belief is not what the mind posses but a belief is what posses the mind . 
Well , I think im real . Look at me . Look at my face . Cut me and i'll bleed . What more do you want ? Please dont go 
Im dripping wet 
Going on a police ride for an assignment !!!!!!!!!!! 
Everything you said was a promise that you'd never change , i guess you lied 
I have a semi blue thumb ... but at least we won the game 3-0 
Just waiting for the cop for my ride along .... 
I can't talk to you anymore , it's not that I am mad at you , it's just that when I talk to you I realize how much I love you and when I realize how much I love you , I realize I can't have you and that makes me love you even more . 
I'll tell you I love you , I really know I do , But don't ever forget , Friends can love each other too . 
Do you think its time for me to get a hair cut ?? 
Why cant you just love me back ?? 
I want someone to tell me that i have suffered enough , that i dont have to be in pain anymore , someone to tell me im special even though im not , someone to piece me back together ... I just dont want it to be a lie again .... :( 
Odi et amo . quare id faciam , fortasse requiris ? nescio , sed fieri sentio et excrucior . 
Liber eram et vacuo meditabar vivere lecto ; at me composita pace fefellit Amor . Cur haec in terris facies humana moratur ? Iuppiter , ignosco pristina furta tua . 
likes rainbows , unicorns , and butterflies 
anyone know of a good place on college ave to cut hair ? 
Ama me fideliter , fidem meam nota , de corde totaliteret ex mente tota , sum presentialiteralens in remota ; quisquis amat taliter , volvitur in rota . 
Interesting thing about skeptics is that we are constantly looking for proof , but the thing is we don't know what to do when we find it . 
Just had a conversation with a missionary , and made them leave wondering in themselves ... ooops 
Got my first hair cut in a year and a half 
Effin pissed right now 
Off the grid for a while , no phone .... 
If people are good only because they fear punishment , and hope for a reward , then we are a sorry lot indeed- < PROPFIRST > Einstein 
Maybe if my status is witty enough someone will truly love me ... 
new number , inbox me if you want it 
new tv , coming soon .. 55inch for 800 bucks , 3d ready 1080p 
I do love unicorns and butterflies ... 
You were afraid that you would disappear , that you would be lost and forgotten . I held you tight against the dark and said that i would always come for you . Then one day it happened you were torn from my arms and vanished from this world , maybe you dont remember my promise but i meant every word . i hope you're not afraid , wherever you are . you dont need to be . Im not . I will find you 
I know that we are just friends , and you have no interest in me , but i still hope that in the future you and i will get closer and you would always come to me when your sad and need someone to hold you , and one day when we are alone in a moment of weakness and loneliness , you'll give in , and both of us will be happy 
some people are so in depth to hide their pain , just to hide any and all vulnerabilities 
2 classes down , 3 to go 
Epic fail by the giants 
Four down one more to go !! 
Last exam and then winter break !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Alone on christmas , awesome 
On a journey to get closure 
Really depressed right now , there must be one explanation , its christmas time .... 
me 0 cruel heartless world , too much to keep count 
as a walk through the shadow of death i will feel no fear , just like in life 
Anyone up for rock climbing tomorrow ? 
anyone up for rock climbing today ? 
scars remind of where we have been , they dont predict where we are going 
it wouldnt hurt as much if we didnt become best of friends that you come to me crying every time he hurts you 
Is really depressed , i think i actually lost someone by accident that was really close to me , i guess we were never that close , disappearing for a bit ... 
wow i think i actually lost a friend , thank god im with two best friends , they are helping me cope even if they dont know 
It has been said \time heals all wounds\ " . I do not agree . the wounds remain . In time the mind protecting its sanity covers them with scar tissue and the pain lessens . But it is never gone . " 
It has been said , ' time heals all wounds . ' I do not agree . The wounds remain . In time , the mind , protecting its sanity , covers them with scar tissue and the pain lessens . But it is never gone . 
I think ive done the best i can , so please dont cry a tear for me because i dont deserve it and plus i want you to be happy 
If you start to lose feelings for thing and others , you lose part of yourself , ive lost myself completly 
Darn it my ethics < PROPFEMALE > is French ... 
Oh yes just found out my Cognitive Final is open book online lolz 
volleyball anyone ? 
so mad right now ... damn help please ? 
Lunch anyone around 3ish ? 
WTF after 5 days of waiting for a book to process , i check today 3 times and when i get back to my apt i get the email wtf 
Let me tell you this : if you meet a loner , no matter what they tell you , it’s not because they enjoy solitude . It’s because they have tried to blend into the world before , and people continue to disappoint them 
Just had a 28 inch pizza with < PROPFIRST > Kopko , < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPMALE > 
Just took the first step to get help ... hopefully it pays off 
Two questions I want people to answer :\ 
1 . Does anybody love you ? \ 
2 . Love or Fear ? 
Making omelettes 
Someone , somewhere is happy at this moment , just give them a bit and they will get back to where we are all at . 
Athiest wager vs Pascals wager ? 
I know it's over and it never really began , but in my heart it was so real . 
Speak the truth , even if your voice shakes 
Everyone is fighting their own battle . To be free from their past . To live in their present . And to create their future 
“The average person tells 4 lies a day , and 1460 a year . A total of 88,000 by the age of 6 . And the most common lie is I’m fine . ” 
Anyone with a good lottery number willing to sell ? 
“For All Sad Words Of Tongue And Pen , The Saddest Are These , ‘It Might Have Been’ . ” 
Wednesday the 24th , second step to getting help , cant wait , but i guess i have to 
Talking to you brings back memories i told myself to forget 
people were created to be loved . things were created to be used . the reason the world is in chaos is because things are being loved , and people are being used . 
TOUCH DOWN !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Some nights , I can't sleep because my mind is consumed with the thought of how much easier it would be if you were with my side 
As with most men it is easier for me to give hugs then to receive them . We are walking contradictions . We are raised to face everything that is dangerous except to get to close . 
I wish that you would talk to me , i wish that this pain wouldnt hurt as much , maybe after i get the help i need it wont anymore 
Many nights I cannot fall asleep because your are constantly on my mind . Thoughts about what would happen if you and I were to be . I know that your heart might belong to someone else but I know you deserve better . Im not saying that im perfect because im not but all im asking for is a < PROPMALE > . A < PROPMALE > to show you that I can make you happy , we can be happy , if you give me a < PROPMALE > . 
Arrows goes forward only after pulling in to backward\ 
Bullet goes forward only after pressing the trigger backward\ 
Every human being will get happy\ 
Only after facing the difficulties in their life path ... \ 
So do not be afraid to face your difficulties \ 
they will push you forward . 
Wish me luck on my Symbolic Logic Exam 
Does anyone believe in psychological egoism : All actions are done either solely or ultimately for the sake of self interest 
“There are so many things I want to say to you , but time’s caught me up and now I’ll never say them — except that I’ve loved you from the moment I saw you and every moment since . \ " , 2011-02-22 00:41:54 " 
Awesome got an A on my Symbolic Logic Exam 
Tomorrow is the day that i get help .... can't wait 
I will NEVER forget you like you have forgotten me ... 
First day of getting help ... not bad , second day monday 
Thank you < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > for a minute by minute review of the awards 
If i had a < PROPFEMALE > for every time you entered my mind , i'd have a single flower , because you entered my mind and never left ... 
Anyone looking for a place to live next semester ? 
Its hard to pretend you love someone , when you don't but its harder to pretend that you don't love someone when you really do . 
What happens when she's your < PROPFEMALE > , but your not her < PROPMALE > Charming ? 
You know you love someone , when they are all you think about , before you sleep , when you wake . you also know when they don't love you back , when they never think of you , ignore you , and don't listen . Despite me and my wants , I'll forever wish happiness and safe times for you . Because you are the one that I love . I hope you feel the love I have for you someday . But I'll forever wish you wont feel the pain that I feel 
Thank your bus driver who also wanted some of the redbull that was given away on college ave , and allowed me to get off the bus to grab some and still make it to my exam on time . 
haircut or no haircut ???? 
Why is it so difficult to walk across the metaphorical room and start a relationship from thin air ... that was what i always thought up until you took the first step 
Rock climbing anyone ??? 
I still dream of you sometimes ..... do you ? 
disconnected for a bit hmu up here if anything 
Let me tell you this , if you meet a loner , no matter what they tell you , it's not because they enjoy solitude . It's because they have tried to blend into the world before , and people continue to disappoint them . 
The best thing in life aren't things . 
little 12 year old girls grinding at a bar mitzvah ... what has this world turned into ????? 
IT'S FRIDAY FRIDAY , GOTTA GET DOWN ON FRIDAY ! 
Who you really are , is the person you are when you are alone 
Put your hand on a hot stove for a minute , and it seems like an hour . Sit with a pretty girl for an hour , and it seems like a minute . That's relativity . 
We never really grow up , we just learn how to act in public . 
Im in my class and the sound of heavy rain is louder then my teacher talking lol 
I really want to tell you that I love you , please believe me I do , but im afraid ... afraid of the silence that might follow . 
You told me that i can always talk to you when i need someone to talk to but what if what i wanted to talk to is about you ? 
REally wish i had someone to talk to that can understand me and wont judge me ... 
A girl is saying out loud that she would have sex for about 500 bucks lolz in the DCC 
Did you know that the heart has no pain receptors ? So the next time someone breaks your heart , move on . Your pain is just an illusion , a temporary psychological disturbance that you have to overcome . In short , it's all in the mind . 
Going to a All Times Low , Hey Monday , and Yellowcard concert with < PROPFIRST > Kopko 
