Happy New Years all ! 

Hopefully work won't be busy . 
This has been the greatest week of my life so far , and it was all because of you . <3 
About to go to work ; I'll be on later . 
Work was busy ... got to go to an awesome Pink < PROPMALE > Tribute Concert ... then I just came home and relaxed . Time for me to get some sleep ... work at 3:00 PM 
I'm awake now ... work yippee . 
Heading to bed ... rough day ... long hours ... time to sleep and wake up to start all over again ! 
I finally got some needed sleep . Now it is time to begin the day . 
It's time for me to get some sleep ... I need it bad . 
Waiting ... just waiting ... 
Relaxing ... being bored . 
Insanely bored . 
is feeling very ninja ... find me something to jump off of ! I am bored like no other ... wtb life ? PST ! 
It is time for me to get some sleep . 
It is too early to be awake . 
At work , bored . 
Had a fun day at work ... now I am just kickin ' it . 
It's a boy ! 
People man .... I'm heading to bed ... I'm sick of the drama . 
Alright , so I'm awake early , which is unusual . I have work at noon . 
I'm home . Just bored as can be . 
Work was interesting ... now I'm just kickin ' it . 
Going to bed . Night . 
Alive and having fun . 
.... in ruins we lay amongst those of the old age ... in ruins we fall apart like nothing .... in ruins .... we lay . 
Asleep . 
I had a very short shift at work ... at least I got to help out some before I left ... just got finished cleaning my room and now I am going to go swing ... text me if you want to talk . 
Just kickin ' back relaxing . Bored . 
New car ! 
thinks Shutter Island is quite a sad movie . 
I really need to download season five of Numb3rs . 
Honestly , today isn't my day at all . 
Boredom .... embrace it . 
It is way to early to be awake ... but I have to work at 5:00 . 
Work was long ... stressful ... and painful ! But it's whatever I suppose . 
Just kicking back , about to watch some movies . Shake & Bake ! 
Holy crap we got busy yesterday at work . 35 minute wait is the maximum .... I was bouncing all around the restaurant . 
Today was awesome . Work was long but fun . Mostly was doing work in the back which made my day so much easier . 
Finally a day of rest to come ... 
Errr .. I really shouldn't be up this damn early ! I am going to smoke , then I am going to try to go to bed . 4 hours of sleep ftw ! 
Just got off work at 10 , it was hell being the only host . We got so fucking busy it was insane . But now I am just kicking back and relaxing and talking to Tay . 
Not feeling too great at the current moment . My stomach feels like it is ready to explode ... excited to be working this weekend . But right now I am just laying in bed feeling like crap ! wtb a better body that doesn't have anything wrong with it ! 
Work at 5:30 tonight , I'm pondering if they're going to have me working as a host/busser again . Right now I think I am going to kill time by playing some Audiosurf . 
Work was hilarious , fun , and boring near the end . I had to close which sucked because it was so dead at 9:30 and I was hoping for 10 to come around fast , every time I looked at the clock it was going so slow and I'm like fuck time . Now I am at home and kickin ' it . 
Peoples lack of Grammar and intelligence really is starting to piss me off .... 
is quite surprised . < PROPFEMALE > , you are extremely fun to have a conversation with ! 
just got off work . Interesting day ... very interesting indeed . Now I am going to kick back and relax ... in too much pain . 
works today . I'm excited about it , but at the same time I dread it . 
is talking to Tay , it is quite an interesting conversation . He just decapitated his little player , I smell a new Hatchet v.s. Genitals ! 
thinks its too early to be up . Work today at 5:00 PM , exciting right ? 
is rather speechless . But none the less ... work was alright , talking to < PROPFEMALE > , Tay , and < PROPFEMALE > was great ... just something is bothering me ... a lot . 
just got done writing a really random note , everyone should read it . Some may get a kick out of it , and I also have a question that needs to be answered ! Er ... it's 5:14 AM ... wow ... Haha . 
is enjoying the conversation with < PROPFEMALE > . What else will I do today ? 
Tay Umstott , you sir need to fucking learn to charge your phone . You plug it in , and bam , it does it for you . Today was fucking epic . 
Also for the random record , I have stayed up offically WAY past 24 fucking hours . :D 
just got off work and is now relaxing . I have to do laundry and I really don't want to . I work all weekend , something to look forward to I suppose . 
thinks today was fucking awesome . < PROPFEMALE > , Tay , < PROPFIRST > <3 ! Made my fucking day ten times brighter . 
is a master of disguise . I hide behind the perfect mask ... you can't see the heap of ruins I really am . 
is watching < PROPMALE > . My throat is killing me .... 
' s throat is fucking killing him . :( it sucks . 
I just love being sick . Coughing up your lungs is fun kids ! Try it at home ! 
gets way to bored . 
I can finally work today ! :D 
\K . Then my final decision is not to tell you when my son is born . Have a nice life :) \ " - < PROPFEMALE > ... fucking bitch ! " 
is up too early . 
really wishes he could sleep . 
is now Bubba . :D 
is exhausted . I get to sleep in . Looking forward to hanging out with < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPMALE > . 
well plans change ! err ... now I don't know what to do . 
is happy that plans eventually turn up . So now I am bored about to watch Jericho ( good fucking TV show ) , then watch Lost . ^^ epic win . 
I'm at work , waiting to clock in . 5 hours of bussing , bring it on ! We also have a 55 top lol . 
My foot hurts . Work later on today , will be interesting . For now I'm swinging into the breeze . 
is working 6 to 11 . 
is about to watch Super Troopers . 
is run down . 
er ..... what is going on with everything ? >.< 
just needs to clear his head . 
is watching Jericho . 
Tay came in to town . We're just chillin ' playing Guitar Hero . Hanging out with people fun ! 
I have work at 6 . 
just got off work . Now the night begins . 
is having a fun night . (: 
My knee hurts ! Four days off ... yes ! Then work , then vacation ! 
First day off and it was a blast ! 
what a great way to wake up ! (: 
Well it woulda been coulda been worse than you'd ever know ! Oh the dashboard melted but we still had the radio ! 
If it meant saving everyone elses life , no matter if they're my enemy , I would gladly give my life to preserve theirs . 
This song is stuck in my head ... \Everything you say ; every time we kiss I can't think straight . But I'm okay . And I can't think of anybody else who I hate to miss as much as I hate missing you . \ " - 6 Months by Hey Monday " 
I leave at 3:00 AM . Let the games begin ! 
is still on the road . In North < PROPFEMALE > , hopefully I'll be there in the next few hours . 
Wipeeeeouutttt ! The surf was intense , Tay and I both managed to get cut by shells . First day of vacation was epic . 
North < PROPFEMALE > is very nice . 
it's a monsoon out ! 
Legally an adult soon . 
Amazing birthday , amazing vacation . 
Made it home safely . 
As much as I long for sleep . I long to stay up even more . 
Show me all that I'm not , show me all that you've got . 
I work a double tomorrow . Awesome . :) 
I'll be here by the ocean just waiting for proof that there's sunsets and silhouette dreams ; all my sandcastles fall like the ashes of cigarettes and every wave drags me to sea . I could stand here for hours just to ask God the question , \Is everyone here make-believe ? \"" 
I've been kicking ass since the < PROPFEMALE > of time . I'm just a killing man that has reached his killing prime . I burn and I plunder as it soothes my < PROPFEMALE > , weapon of my choice is great balls of fire ! 
(>\)> (>\"<) <(\"<) <---------- ATTACK OF THE DANCING KURBYS ! " 
People need to learn better Grammar . 
Killing time at work . This weekend will be full of fun . 
I'm fucking < PROPMALE > ! 
Tay will be here in about an hour and so the weekend begins . 
This weekend was very eventful . I had a lot of fun . 
I had fun today . Excited about future plans . 
I won't just sit by and let you get hurt .. even if it meant giving life and limb , I'd do whatever it took to keep you happy . 
How I've longed to feel something these long years of my existence . 
Let's go crash some funerals in clown costumes . 
Why don't they have a hate button on here ? They just have like ! 
Unexpected events today ! Connor just may come a < PROPMALE > bit earlier than expected . 
< PROPFEMALE > is fully dilated and we're waiting for her water to break . Connor < PROPFIRST > Henkel will be introduced to this world soon . 
A beautiful and healthy baby boy . Connor < PROPFIRST > Henkel came into the world today at 2:16 AM , 6.9 lbs , and 19 inches long . 
Working two doubles back to back this weekend . Shopping for Connor today then hanging out with < PROPFEMALE > . 
Work was alright , not really looking forward to the quad this weekend , but eh , I'll survive . 
I had a really fun night . 
And to my damsel in distress , you've made a mess of your new dress . 
< PROPFIRST > is bored ... Psych is funny . 
Happy Thanksgiving to all . :) 
I'd rather be hated for who I am , than loved for who I am not . 
My knee hurts ! Oh , hey something shiny ! 
Well now it's obvious that winter is here . 
When you're super tired anywhere is comfortable . 
Getting ready to work . Let's rock ! 
I have to get up early for work tomorrow ! Yay ! Fable 2 is entertaining . 
I've been nauseous all day . :( It sucks ! 
I get to play the waiting game at the moment ! Rawrr I'm a lion . 
Let's just drive off into the sunset and watch the world crash down . 
I have to work at 8:00 AM tomorrow . After work will be fun though . ;) 
There's an evil panda in my closet . 
I hope you get what is coming to you tenfold . 
I'm a genius with a headache . 
Time to go to work ! 
I hate being sick . 
Boredom will be the death of me . 
I feel like garbage ... I think my bronchitis is getting worse . 
I want to go back to work ... I hate not working ! I feel a bit better , kind of . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas all ! 
This week is going to be the best week ever . :) 
I'm a tiger . 
Burnt from work . 
I kicks it ! Rawrrr , I'm a ninja . I see you . <3 
Let the burnination begin ! 
Tomorrow is going to be a busy day ! 
When everything isn't going right , go left instead . Best piece of advice I've ever given . 
Relaxing before work . 
My finger hurts . I got stabbed by a 1/2 inch piece of glass . It was half way covered with blood . 
You don't choose your career , your career chooses you . 
I must of known you in another life . 
My mind needs to seriously stfu . 
Let's tear down these walls and show them who we really are . 
So now I work two jobs . 
The snow needs to stop . 
This captain goes down with the ship . 
I will heal all your wounds , no matter the cost . Life or limb , I'd be willing to sacrifice anything just to see you smile . <3 
Training 11:00 AM to 6:00 PM , work at the Chux till close probably . Fun day ! 
I'm begging you to be my escape . <3 
You're the only one who matters and the only one for me . 
Tennessee bound at 4AM . 
We're on our way ! 
Mission to Cincinnati again ! 
I may be broken and I may be beat , but you will never take me down . 
On the road again . 
Made it to Tennessee safely . 
Back home . Tennessee was beautiful and it was amazing . The weather was astounding too ! 70 degree weather ftw ! 
I want to give you the best life possible . TnT ( ha , that's great ; for the slow ones out there its < PROPFIRST > n < PROPFEMALE > duh ! ) <3 
My life changed when you walked into my life . <3 
It's because of you that the world is no longer crushing me . 
No matter how many battles I encounter , I'll stand and fight until the end . This is how I survive . 
I'll be the wings that keep your heart in the clouds . 
We will rise and we will fall ; some won't have much , and some will have it all . But it's how we survive in the cold winter night ; never to give up and always to fight . 
I will heal your wounds and turn your cuts into scars . 
Finally warmer weather . 
Scratch that , the evil < PROPFEMALE > stole it . 
They will see us waving from such great heights . 
Please don't tell me my castle is crumbling . 
Just knock me out and let me go back to sleep . 
Put down your guns and draw your swords . 
I think its safe to say that Winter has finally left the building . 
Ohio needs to be put on meds for its bi-polar weather . 
Down in Tennessee with < PROPFEMALE > and her family . Having a fun time ! 
My arm hurts . 
I feel like I am starting to get sick . Not fun ! 
Sick ... :( 
I don't want you to hurt ... what can I do to take your pain away ? 
Cumberland , MD is beautiful ! I miss driving through it ! 
Tay and I have a bunch of college visits setup this week . I'm excited for this college road trip session . 
Lend me your strength and I will show you that we can take the world by storm . 
I miss Ohio . I am having fun with Tay on our college road trip . At VCU right now , then we're going to be heading down to Auburn after this . 
Auburn , < PROPMALE > . Southern hospitality for the win ... missing everyone back home . Our grand tour is almost over . 
Stuck in a hellish storm , surrounded on all sides too ! 
It feels good to be back home . 
And the eyes in his head see the world spinning round . O.o 
I want to fall asleep every night with you warming my chilled bones . I want to wake up every morning and the first thing I see is your radiating beauty light up the room . 
Sitting in bed , studying . 
I was damned by light . 
With fire in her lungs she let's out a voice that made the thunder cringe . 
d[ -_- ]b 
Sometime change is good . :) 
Let's put our heads together and travel the world . 
Everything in life comes down to something as simple as a coin toss , heads you win , tales you lose , there is no middle ground . 
So how can we find ourselves , trapped in our own private hells , where we just scream but no one can hear . 
It's only a matter of time . :) 
We never would have thought that we were dead . 
A real man will put down his gun , draw his sword , and fight to the death ! 
Come to the dark side , we've got cookies . 
The world has gone to hell , doesn't anyone else realize this ? 
Note to self : Doctors are still practicing medicine . 
I think there is an evil monkey in my closet , wait scratch that , I just killed it . 
I already went through middle school , grow up . 
Sometimes you have to burn down one bridge to build a new one . 
So far I live to fight and die another day . 
What do we really know about life and everything in it ? Only what people have taught us , but what if the people who taught us were wrong all along because they we're taught wrong ? Talk about a mind fuck . 
There is a ninja in my closet ready to eat you . o.O 
Why do we kill people who kill people to show that killing people is wrong ? 
When everything comes crashing down , I'll always stand up tall . 
Phone screwed up , need peoples < PROPFIRST > please & thank you ! 
Five more months and it'll be a year . :D 
No more cell phone , message me on here . 
What a great way to start off the day , finding out I have yet another hole in my ear-drum . My hearing is fucked . ^^ 
What turns a man into a warrior ? 
People need to be more laid back ... seriously . 
I hate drama . 
Things are turning around fast , and I fucking love it ! 
Watching Lost and letting the night wear down . 
It will take a lot more then that to take me down . 
I can't wait to see if we're having a boy or a girl . 
Sitting at work waiting for everyone to get here , gotta love being the first one here . ^^ 
I'm worn out . Worked all day . 
I want my hearing to be normal again . 
So sore from work . 
Closed with < PROPFIRST > N , Dad ( < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > ) , and < PROPFIRST > , hell of a fun time . 
I beat < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > to work . Ha ! 
I wanna work right now , tired of waiting for my shift to come around ! 
Closed with < PROPMALE > Trilla Gabbard and < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > , good times . 
Getting close to over-time ! Oh yeah ! 
Once there was a time where we could learn ... 
Great close with < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > Trilla Gabbard . 
I hate sleep , considering it won't let me enjoy it . 
It's almost been a year since we met . I've loved and cherished every day that I have been with you . 
Time to work . 
Work was great tonight , even if we we're completely backed up on dish . 
Work was really slow tonight . 
Worked all day , that's what I'm talking about . 
\Words are flowing out like endless rain into a paper cup ; they slither while they slip away across the universe . \"" 
Had a lot of fun picking out colors and the themes for the nursery with < PROPFEMALE > today . 
Had a good shift today , now time to kick back and relax and enjoy the evening with < PROPFEMALE > . 
I want to sleep , is that so much to ask for ? * sigh * 
Two cooks for a lunch rush , for the win ! < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > , Little Bush , and I rocked the lunch rush . 
About to walk out the door for work . 
Had a good day at work . Now it's time to relax . 
My head is killing me . 
I feel kind of better , just not 100% yet . 
My head feels like someone took an axe to it . Ha , splitting headache joke . 
