tonights sunset from my balcony . a yummy 63 degrees , and an awesome close to the weekend ! 

Sunday < PROPFEMALE > and its been a pretty nice day . Miss my girls tonite , they need to go back to being bayyybeeee ez ! 
< PROPFEMALE > is the < PROPMALE > of concealing your impatience . 
If you choose not to decide , you still have made a choice ! 
have not been well thank you tor rememrbring me while ive been gone , il b back soon , love to all >> 
How i wish , how i wish you were here .. were just two lost souls swimming in a fish bowl , year after year . Running over the same old ground . What have we found ? The same old fears . Wish you were here ...... 
Bang bang < PROPMALE > Silvers hammer came down upon her head doodoodoodoo , Bang bang < PROPMALE > Silvers hammer made sure she was dead !! whooohoohoooooo 
IF YOU COULD READ MY MIND LOVE WHAT A TALE MY THOUGHTS COULD TELL . JUST LIKE AN OLD TIME MOVIE ABOUT A GHOST FROM A WISHING WELL . IN A CASTLE DARK OR A FORTREES STRONG WITH CHAINS UPON MY FEET , YOU KNOW THAT GHOST IS ME .. AND I WILL NEVER BE SET FREE AS LONG AS I’M A GHOST YOU CAN’T SEE ... 
on the way home from pompano , w tay and h n panda bear ! B home in an hour and whoopiedooooo to tay for being the coolest p.i.c. ! I love you tay ! Ur a bloody massive killer daughter ! Love < PROPFEMALE > luv ! lol 
Tag ur it ! 
The winds of March that made my heart a dancer , a telephone that rings and who's to answer ? Oh , how the ghost of you clings ... These foolish things remind me of you ... 
on this day .... Mark < PROPFIRST > Chapman is sentenced to 20 years for the murder of < PROPFIRST > Lennon ... 
Everytime Im falling down , all alone I fall to pieces ........................ 
New Beginnings 
if the truth dont come out in the wash , it comes out in the rinse !!!! Thank you Jesus ..... 
anyone ever had a facebook stalker ?! 
hi everyone , it seems , duh , that im locked out of my cell phone , i can recieve calls but cannot call out or see txts !! so please reach me on my cell 9542669475 
call my cell 
Lord , when will it ease up , protect my babies , and watch over me and mine who are also suffering , in the name of Jesus Christ .... Amen 
I AM WOMAN ! HEAR ME ROAR ! 
Never argue with a fool , onlookers may not be able to tell the difference . 
Admiration is a very short lived passion , that immediately decays upon growing familiar with its object . ~ Joseph Addison , The Spectacular 
Maturity is a bitter disappointment for which no remedy exists , unless laughter can be said to remedy anything . ~ Kurt Vonnegut 
A life without purpose is a languid , drifting thing ; Everyday we ought to review our purpose , saying to ourselves : This day let me make a sound beginning , for what we have hitherto done is naught . ~ < PROPFIRST > A . Kempis 
Fly by night away from here , change my life again . Fly by night , goodbye my dear . My ship isnt comin ' and I just cant pretend . 
Light travels faster than sound , that is why some people seem bright until they speak . 
Lifes problems wouldnt be called hurdles if there wasnt a way over them . 
The purpose of life is not to be happy . It is to be honorable , to be compassionate , to have it make some difference that you have lived well . ~ Ralph < PROPMALE > Emerson ~ 
A beautiful life does not just happen , it is built daily by prayer , humility , sacrifice and love . May that beautiful life be yours always . 
Fear preserves life , mobilizes energy , drives a person forward . You ought to be grateful you are afraid . 
If you cant think of something nice to say .... SHUTUP !! 
Success is often the result of taking a misstep in the right direction . 
Be inspired mith the belief that life is a great and < PROPMALE > calling ; not a mean and grovelhng thing that we are to shuffle through as we can , but on elevated and lofty destiny . ~ William E . Gladstone 
I MISS THE FRIGGIN ' 80's!! 
Anyone else wish they were in the Keys right now ? AN HOUR AWAY FROM GILBERTS MAN ! 
It is often easier to ask for forgiveness than to ask for permission . 
I am a water walkin ' , earth stalkin ' , tree huggin ' , God lovin ' woman !! 
Happy Valentines Day ! <3 
Our greatest < PROPFEMALE > is not in never falling , but in rising every time we fall ! 
I am a ... water walkin ' , tree huggin ' , earth stalkin ' , God lovin ' woman 
I make mistakes being a Mom , more than I would like to admit , but I'll always be there for you , to hear you , to cheer you , to laugh & cry with you , to protect you with my life , and to love you for eternity with all my heart . No one on this earth will ever love you more than I do , ever ! I'm your Mom ! Repost if you have a child or children , young or adult , who will always be in your heart 
If you do not stand for something , you will fall for anything ... \ 
Take a stand TODAY , NOW ! 
