The ham was awesome !! And the split pea soup is turning out great !! Reminds me of < PROPMALE > :) 

Customer Care : If we really care for the customer we'd send them somewhere better . 
Does beer pong really have that many rules ? 
Stir Fry Anyone ? Saute sliced onion&any other veggies you fancy , I used carrots ( slightly crunchy)&mushrooms . Add garlic , sesame seeds , < PROPFEMALE > , soy sauce , brown sugar ( just a < PROPMALE > to make it sweet ) , rice vinegar , & something a little spicy ( if you wish ) & u 
I hate my job !! And I need a new one !! Maybe in a better city !! Like Seattle ? 
is just hatin ' life and waiting to move !! Anywhere will do ! 
quotes : Where'd they get all these f***ing ugly people ? - name that comedian ! 
has an update on her ipod : Yesterday it came back to life but I am now afraid that it is in a vegitative state ! Who knows if it will ever recover . It as been with with me for 4 years ! I will keeep it on life support for now , but do you think I should pull 
well I think my ipod is officially done for . Its had a good life ! I think the battery is done for ! it just says \please wait very low battery\ " I am o so sad ! " 
Allright ! corn and potato chowder with bacon ! 
dinner is success ! ( if anyone was wondering ! ) 
Trying to go pro on wii boxing is HARD ! Even if I win I get docked 3 skill points for whatever ... lame ! Luckily for me < PROPFIRST > Party is very fun !! 
Anyone still talk to < PROPMALE > ? 
just finfished Youth in Revolt . It was AAMMAAZZIINNGG ! Probably one of the best books I've read and the cover is right ! The funniest book i've read all year ! 
I am now in the fan club , cant wait for the movie ! 
GO modern english ! although i do not think they are so modern anymore . however , classics can never go out of style ! 
I need a job !!! 
my assault on the on the world begins now ! 
I was Adventerland sooo bad ! best movie ! 
thanks guys ! 
your little girlfriend gave me the stick eye in < PROPMALE > class yesterday 
Damn Facebook ! Its annoyingly addicting ! 
Jesus ! I just wanna go to bed ! 
damn free cell ! it so hard with no aces ! 
the rain in spain stays mainly in the plain ! 
were like 7 11 . we may not be doing business but were always open ! name that movie ! 
why are cute shoes always the death of feet ?! 
that kid is back on the escalator agian ! 
dreams are like rainbows only idiots < PROPMALE > them ! go demotivators ! 
Going to go see 500 dasy of summer again ! cuz < PROPFEMALE > still hasent seen it ! Its hilarious btw !! and food ! Im starved ! 
im dyslexic ! i know how to spell days ! 
I was looking at my quiz results lol ! And Andi ! Sceen it wasn't even out when was younger ! Go < PROPFEMALE > for knowing that I like coffee and tea for my fav but I am appalled that only < PROPFEMALE > knew the mellow yellow wasn't a Beatles song ! what is wrong with you people ! 
mall rats rocks my socks !! 
CUSTOMER DISSERVICE Because we're not satisfied until you're not satisfied . 
CORRUPTION I want either less corruption or more opportunity to participate in it . 
SANTAAAA ! I know him !!! 
all 7 years of high school ! 
wii sports resort rocks my socks ! 
you'll shoot your eye out ! 
Not a finger ! 
Movies don't create psychos , they make psychos more creative . 
SANTAAAAA !!!!!!!! one holiday down one to go !!! Cant wait for Christmas !!! im so glad that Halloween business is over ! 
It's a high hide , you know you hide , high . 
SELF-ESTEEM Just because you think you're a < PROPFEMALE > doesn't mean you're going anywhere . 
I am a paranoid schizophrenic . I AM my entourage ! 
So excited for 13 dollar piercings tomorrow at urban < PROPMALE > !! 
whoa wait ! I am more excited for Boondock Saints tomorrow !!! AMC 24 815 pm 
We're like 7 11 we may not be doing business but we are always open ... 
6 and half hours later and a $13 12 gauge retainer to show for it I still have not seen Boondock Saints 2 and class awaits tomorrow ! What was < PROPMALE > thinking !?! Or was he just excited that I let him pick the gauge ?? We will never know ! 
Who doesnt love a movie with < PROPFIRST > spacey , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , and < PROPMALE > pitt ? with a deadly twist ... 
I hired these guys 3 days a week and they just started showing up very day , that was 4 years ago . 
Turkey in the crock pot was excellent ! If you have the means i highly recommend it !! It was the best !! 
is trying to decide if she should get a macbook ?? 
cant wait to make her turkey pot pie with left overs !! 
Still haven't made my pot pie but I am trying to muster up the strength to make it right now ! 
Ok well < PROPFIRST > liked the turkey pot pie , cant tell if hes really likes it or not . Idk why but I usually dont like my own cooking lol ! 
Cant wait to fly to sd !! Its a 10 minute flight !! i leave at 740 am and arrive at 750am ! Whahooo !! I can afford to loose 10 minutes of my time ! LOL 
is trying not to fall aslepp at her desk !!! 
I meant asleep ! Thats how out of it I am lol !!! 
is excited to have one whole weekend off !!! havent had that in a while !! 
fruit roll ups rock my socks off !! and they're gluten free !! 
Is done with school and is excited for xmas !!! yay !! cant wait to watch the christmas story for the millionth time in a row and grab some gift cards !! 
A tribute to fortune cookies : Today it's up to you to create the peacefulness you long for . 
True grit was awesome , it really was great thanks coen bros . LOL . 
“We don't devote enough scientific research to finding a cure for jerks . ” < PROPMALE > and hobbes 
Cant wait to get some Thursday Next novels !! YAY ! 
Shepherds Pie was a success !! It is sooo good ! Go Me ! 
is convinced that her company is really just a front business for the mob or some sort of extreme embezzlement . 
Yeah its a moo point . You know like a cows opinion , it doesnt matter ... name that 90's sit com ! 
< PROPFIRST > has a cold . I'm hoping that it will turn in to pneumonia and that weeks of bed rest will cause abdominal muscles to atrophy . 
Reason is not automatic . Those who deny it cannot be conquered by it . 
loves her new Macbook !!! Cant believe I ever had a PC lol !! 
is so tired from being exhausted all the time !! And cant wait for Friday to be the last of her 13 day straight working streak !!! 
YAY is friday !!! Thus endth working 13 days straight !! I am so happy !! Renaissance Festival here I come ! 
Are you sure it was a book ? Are you sure it wasnt nothing ? 
is sooo excited to get her new phone !!! damn those toilettes and their water ! 
YEAH !!! New phone came today !!! 
New phone came on Thursday and it was defective ! What a surprise , damn refurbished phones !! New one will be here on Monday :( not the same color . 
thinks there is nothing better than Dim Sum on a rainy Sunday morning . 
Thinks thats Pandora and XM should merge together and make the awesomest radio ever !!! 
ate chocolate cake and now my stomach hurts ! and I still have 8.5 hours to go at work and it is the start of my 8 day week of straight work again ! YAY ! 
is feeling better now that she knows who bdnelson is !! and is excited < PROPFIRST > is here !! 
Cant wait to see my mom on friday !! 
Come on lete be fair , everybody wants Mr. Toads wild ride . 
How to Train Your Dragon was really good !! 
people suck and i have a total of one friend in the state ! ( who doesnt even want to watch indie with me !!! ) oh and I want it to rain !!! :P 
Went bowling for easter and sucked of course ! Gotta work on my game ! Lol !! 
I blame the romans . 
\I want rock and roll all night and part of every day ! \"" 
WINNERS Because nothing says \you're a loser\ " more than owning a motivational poster about being a winner . " 
I have now reached 100 friends !!! I would just like to thank everyone that made this possible , you know who you are . I would also like to thank my mom , I couldn't have done this with out her , my producer , and of course God ( lol yeah right !! ) ;) 
That's right were super heros , you love us . 
I love the weather right now , it feels like sd ! Were just missing the < PROPFEMALE > layer . 
Yay ! Power outage for the whole block !!! 
Turns out there is no shermer illinois . 
Just dickin ' around on FB not doing any homework or actual work !!! Damn it ! 
OMFG ! I have discovered FB bumper stickers and now I am addicted !! FML ! 
I love FYE ! 
Fear is the reasonb why I used to hate < PROPFIRST > wahlburg . 
Freakin out cuz Im watching I am Legend with the BFry . 
Sad !!!! Poor < PROPFIRST > !!! :'( 
Can't wait for Iron Man 2 ! 
Can't want for class to be over ! 
Just watchin ' < PROPFEMALE > Story of Us and waiting to go to work ! The big boss is here ! 
I wanna go home !!! 
I have just discovered that starbucks will make any tea iced for you and I love < PROPMALE > grey . They are so nice ! 
\Harsher punishments for parole violates stan ... and of course world peace \"" 
I do not wanna go to avondale ! And quite frankly I'm done with mvd ! 
I hate trying to figure out classes for next semester !! 
Oh I'm sorry stupid driver , I was under the impression that left turns ALWAYS yields . Silly me . 
Pirate Radio rocked my socks off ! And < PROPFIRST > made the best shrimp scampi ive ever had ! 
The cookie stand is not part of the food court ! 
uh < PROPMALE > Marley died today 29 years ago .... :( 
There is no I in team but there is an I in meatpie and meat is team spelled backwards ........ 
There is a differance between like and love . Cuz I like my vans but I love my hair straightner . 
I'm waiting for the last Thursday next book to arrive and I need a book to read in the mean time , a really good . Any suggestions ? 
I am very close to going postal on az capital ! F**k this company ! 
I love village inn !! And waffles ! 
I liked < PROPFIRST > hood but ill always love < PROPFIRST > hood men in tights , must go rent it cuz seans never seen it ! 
I love to wong foo thanks for everything < PROPFEMALE > newmar 
I have to say I am disappointed in AZ's Labor Laws 
Have just discovered soy caramel frapaccinos , will not be drinking anything else . 
I love Criminal Minds !!! 
Cheba Hut !!!!! Nothing else needs to be said ! 
Attention ! I do not want to buy perfume from you !! I do not want you to ask where I buy my perfume and I do not want you to argue with me whether you are or are not a solicitor because I am sure as hell not gunna buy anything from you then , you jackass ! So read the damn sign and leave me alone !!! 
HAHA ! Just told the second solicitor today to get lost or Ill trespass him !! Even gave him the ARS section code and definition ! Eat that !! 
I def want a slurpee ! 
Workin ' a double !!! And need food !!! < PROPFEMALE > hurry up already . And I still have yet to get a slurpee ! 
Not you fat jesus ! lol !! 
Yay ! Friday !!!!!!!!!!!! 
Andi's comin ' to town ! 
Run < PROPMALE > Six < PROPFEMALE > ! Dont trust your sponsor ! 
WTF ! I've had one customer today !!! Can I go home yet ??!! 
Omg ! Enter dinner from hell . You're lucky your pizza cookies are to die for and you comp'd it for us or id really be pissed . 
POTENTIAL : Not everyone gets to be an astronaut when they grow up . 
Having Temperance Brennan show up in my Thursday Next book just totally made my day !!! 
Cant wait to see Get Him To The Greek !!! I love < PROPFIRST > Brand !! 
\Am I miserable because I listen to pop music ? Or do I listen to pop music because I'm miserable ? \"" 
Watching Fantastic Mr Fox .... 
Guess Ill clean up my house now ... lame ! 
OMG ! It 88 degrees at work ! I'm gunna cuss somebody up ! 
Perhaps one of the worst things about az is that at 6 am ins bright as cuss outside and its the temp it should be at around 12 on any other normal day & muggy ! 
Yay ! Thank you ac man for fixing our air ! 
I HATE being sick !! And I would the use of my nose back ! 
At the dog park with Buzz ! 
I hate moving ! 
Cant wait for Toy Story !!!! 
Toy Story 3 was awesome ! 
Can't wait to be in the new house !!! 
Picked up my ring from the jewlers and it looks amazing !!! 
If I were a radio dj id play song that all started woth a random letter , I just wouldn't tell anyone lol ! 
is glad moving is over and is super tired , running on 8 hours for 2 days ! Lame ! 
If I hear lady gaga's just dance one more time heads are going to roll !! 
' Well I have no respect for people with no shopping agenda ' 
Cant wait to go to the movies !! 
Dad and < PROPFIRST > are making a mess ! Good thing some kid is here to clean ! lol !! 
Im watching hyenas attack a Lion ! 
is bummed that her < PROPFIRST > Spratt novels are over and is going to get Shades of Grey . I hope its good ! < PROPMALE > Fforde had better make another Thursday Next novel !! 
Its Hot !!! 
I love mandatory Marley ! Thanks 103.9 ! 
\No no there is something can help ease our simultaneous double loss . \"" 
\Ill stir fry you in my wok \"" 
Holy Crap ! Huge storm and three doors down a house caught on fire ! I do like the rain ! 
\Welcome to costco I love you \"" 
Boyfriend is Mr. Fix it ! 
I love it when the air goes out no one cares if it gets fixed or not unless they are the ones with no air . 
Shades of Grey : The Road to High Saffron was AMAZING !!!!!! < PROPMALE > Fforde better turn out those next 2 novels ASAP ! 
You know whatr garmin ! I will not take < PROPMALE > rd to the 202 I will take < PROPFIRST > vista and you'll like it ! 
Awesome ! Poynt now has an android app ! 
New puppy ate my awesome breakfast quiche ! And I didn't even get seconds !! 
Lunch of Champions : Waffles with butter and sugar and hard apple cider ! 
WOW ! Anyone watch \I survived that ... pregnant\ " ? That is crazy what humans can do and live through ! We truly are an amazing species ! " 
I'm hungry !!! Cant wait til Friday ! 
Shark Week is a good reminder there are things in the ocean almost as scary as a British oil company . 
I caved and watched Avatar , it was really good ! I was totally surprised ! 
just wanted to let everyone know that she is an excellent backwards writer if you were not already aware of this amazing and totally usful skill ! My skills amaze even myself !... bow hunting skills ... computer hacking skills ... 
The other guys was one of the funniest movies I've seen all year and to top it all off they played < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ! 
Tattoo hurts , swollen , and ear hurts too . Cant wait to see who wins Hells Kitchen ! 
Eating lunch with < PROPFIRST > , its my first day back to work and we are open an extra hour !! 
Just playin Lego < PROPMALE > Potter . Are those red sparkles dark magic ? Idk yet ! can't wait for my bday ! 
Lame ! The power is out !! I was in the middle of making stuffed pork chops before someone ran in to a transformer or whatever ! Stupid Drivers ! 
I'm pretty sure < PROPMALE > rd paid Garmin so people would take < PROPMALE > more than any other road ! Theyre in cahoots ! 
I'm having < PROPMALE > Fford withdrawals . 
I'm having < PROPMALE > Fford withdrawals . :( 
Watching Clash if the TITANS ! 
Man have never had so many people write on my wall before !! Happy Birthday overload ! Also , work overload ! xp 
Uh ... pumpkin spice lattes are back !! Score !! 
Ok I am ready to go home now !!! Cant wait until 6 ! 
This week officially blows ! 
No sir , I cannot take your blockbuster membership card as form of id . 
Oh so it's going to be that kind of day ... the internet stopped working 15 minutes in to the shift . I hate this job ! 
Uh < PROPMALE > was not in my job description , and im not getting paid enough . So f$+% you ! I hate this company ! 
Easy A was hilarious ! The Other Guys is the only movie that I laughed that hard at ! 
Yay !! Saturday will end my 13 day work streak !!! Cant wait for tomorrow !! 
I've realized I drink around 608.4 or more ( usually more ) fl oz of water in half a week to a week . That's not weird right ? 
Cant wait for HOUSE !!!!! Criminal Minds better get back on soon or I am liable to have a breakdown !! 
EFFORT : Hard work never killed anybody , but it is illegal in some places . 
Ulch ... juvenile justice procedures tonight , you would think it would be interesting but no its not cuz the teacher sucks . Lame ! 
Whats the point of a survey if you offer a coupon to everyone who gives you all 5's ... what gives Petco ! You want a real survey , you stick ! Petsmart doesnt stick ... 
I've never had a dog that likes carrots before ! Woody needs his veggies haha ! 
Cant stop watching 24 !! I love Netflix !! 
Wish some good movies were out .... :( 
that drum machine aint got no soul . 
Megamind was mega awesome ! 
I love blond on blond ! Its the best album ever ! 
Remember when fast forwarding had one speed ? 
< PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > are comforting like old memories of when you were young and thoughts of home . 
Hells yes ! Pysch made a mall rats reference !! That is awesome ! 
Its always < PROPFEMALE > depressing when you finish a book ..... :( I need a new book series !! 
Going to see < PROPMALE > potter ! Yay ! 
Due date was hilarious ! Didn't think it was going to be that funny . 
Its just nice to meet another human who shares my affinity for elf culture . 
But I've got my country's 500th anniversary to plan , my wedding to arrange , my wife to murder and Gilder to blame for it . I'm swamped ! 
Really no one got that , it's from < PROPFEMALE > bride ! 
I am happy to report that I walked buzz on a proper lead today and he did marvelously ! 
Grandma asks when are you and < PROPFIRST > getting married ? Fml 
Its raining , im happy ! 
I love < PROPMALE > from Psych !! He cracks me up ! 
Gosta go to Deaf Night !! Hope I have fun ! Oh and work sucks ! 
< PROPFEMALE > gave me the best hair cut ever !! Its super nice ! 
I hate this stupid class ! I would prefer to sick a fork in my eye . 
Hey < PROPFEMALE > harbor was yesterday , just though I should say something . 
If my life were a tv show it would be a stupid 90s sitcom but hilarious filled with lots of dry dark humor . 
I feel like theres a problem with your class if I missed 10 questions out 55 questions and got one of the highest grades for the final esp . since I hardly ever showed up and when I did I was reading . Wtf ! 
It looks like a rainy day but no rain yet so im only half happy about today . 
Sold 13 phones yesterday ! Thats a personal record ! Go me ! 
Had a great Christmas ! And am totally bummed its over . 
Yay ! It rained all day , thats my kinda day ! 
Finally my day is over ! Just worked two 12 hour shifts in a row !! Can't wait til Saturday . 
Man I'm sooo bored now that school is out . 
My new glasses rock ! I love being able to see !! 
Is it just me or does everyone else hate the new younger < PROPFIRST > on psych . He's so ugly . 
No throwing stones regardless of housing situation . 
The green hornet was awesome !!! 
Just finished the whole < PROPFEMALE > plum series in a month and a half and I'm kinda glad its over LOL . But they were great ! 
Harsher punishments for parole violators stan ... and of course world peace . 
... my brother got his arm stuck in the microwave and my grandmother dropped acid and hijacked a school bus full of penguins . 
If i have the sun roof open it feels like Im going faster . 
Do you . like my hat ? 
Synergy\ 
A code word lazy people use when they want you to do all the work . 
Legoland today !!! \ 
Mini USA is awesome 
