Just got to Fort Knox , KY with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > ( 3 ) . Life is good !!! 

Shall be off to North < PROPFEMALE > for a few days . Patrick'a grandmother passed away from a stroke . Sad times ... 
I'm going to fo check out a new Dojo here in about an hour * crosses fingers * 
New Dojo has been checked , I have some hope for it but starting anything new is intimidating ... and it's in a different style . I'll take a few classes and see how it goes ... 
I'm off to try a new dojo . I looked at it yesterday and it seemed to have promise ... no bad vibes or anything . My only real concern is that it's a different style than what I have already learned . I hope that the students will be sociable and all ... we'll see . I'll let those who wish to read this know how it went later ... lol ... love to all ... 
Not too sure about the new dojo , I guess I don't do too well at taking criticism but I'll take a couple more classes there and check out another place and see ... weeee 
I love to see new movies at the theater , but I guess you know that you're in a small town when you have to drive to a bigger one to see one of the new good movies ... like district 9 ... damn small local movie places ... 
SOOOOOO glad it's Friday ... 
Stressfull day over all ... 3 year old is acting her age ... whew ( day's almost over ) ... found another dojo though , this one I have a better feeling about and will take a class on Tuesday , and he'll let me wear my belt , yay !!! 
Found a new dojo , this one feels really good , not as good as my old one , it's missing the same peoples , but otherwise I'm happy with it ... YAY !!! 
I just earned three stitches in my chest from the dermatologist hole punching out a mole they didn't like ... new sensation . Good news , it didn't hurt at the time ( numbing stuff ) . Bad news ... the numbing stuff shoud wear off in about an hour .. weee . 
Other good news , they removed the other skin tag thingies that I've never liked from my neck , about ten or so ... they too are still numb , they shouldn't feel too bad though ... in theory . 
Ugh , damn headaches ... hope the new meds work ... karate was fun tonight though . 
Biopsy on skin thingies are back ... they said that one was just a skin tag that commited suicide ( as some are wont to do ) and the other , while structurally odd is also fine on the cellular level ( which is more important ) . I had my stitches removed today and the wound looks like something out of a horror movie , they said it was fine but put me on some antibiotics anyways .... oooook ... love to all . 
Off to see a neurologist tomorrow ... lets hope he has a better answer than \it's stress\ " or \ " are you sure you're not depressed\ " If I hear those suggestions one more time I am going to have a rarely seen coniption ... no one wants to see that " 
Saw the doc today , he had some thoughts and is going to run some tests and see what he can find ... here's hoping something comes back that is visable and fixable ... I already know something is off ... lol ... and not just my sense of humor ... lol 
Question ??? I like doing some of the quizzes on here but in the last few days , more often than not , in trying to take me to the quiz it just keeps redirecting the < PROPFEMALE > and it won't load , even though another friend has taken it ... is there something I should do about it or is it something on facebook ?... any one know ???... lol 
Sorry I haven't been here in a while , been on a trip and trying to take care of myself . Feeling worse tonight , but more test have been done and more to come ... weeee ... love to all . 
Thanks to all who wished me well on my birthday ... it was quite a good day ... love to all . 
I've learned that ground fighting is fun ... weee . 
I'm going to back to college in < PROPFIRST > . be a Licensed Practical Nurse in about 2 years ( at least that's the plan , lol ) ... YAY FOR ME 
I could be wrong but I think if you have no power and the electrician find a couple of spoonfulls of water in you circuit breakers ... that's a bad sign ... Thankfully it seems to be fixed and since we rent , we shouldn't have to pay fot it , in theory ... 
It sucks that the drummer of my favorite band ( Avenged Sevenfold ) died , I hope it wasn't drugs but I can't say I'd be surprised ... that bust my bubble of joy for the day when I heard .. ( sigh ) 
I have officially signed up for college classes here and I start on Monday ... good god I'm nervous , lol . Love to all . 
I love snow , really I do , but ... come on ... isn't this starting to get a little much ? We had about 6 inches last week and are going to get that much or more tonight and tomorrow , makes traveling difficult , lol . Love to all . 
Some people mistake understanding as agreeing with them , they don't always go together . Makes things more difficult when the two can't be seperated by the person you're trying to understand ... 
God it sucks when you get good advice , you know it's good advice but you just ... can't ... seem ... to use it when you need it most . Makes life difficult some days , lol . 
Just saw < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland , it was decent , not impressive but decent . Keep in mind that the 3-D glasses are in no way made for 3 year olds , lol . 
Someone explain how I can possibly have more than about ten distinct emotions in one day , most of which had no trigger ... guess my inner child found a switch board . Love to all ! 
Why does my heart try to overule my head , especially when we've had these discussions and we decided they were irrational and not true ... hmmm ... makes me feel like my own personal saboteur , lol . Love to All !!! 
This light at the end of my emotional tunnel doesn't feel like a train this time ... we shall see , lol . Love to all !!! 
Sometimes the hard decisions are also the right ones . It helps to know the difference :) 
For those of you that believe that your intuition is a good thing to listen to and follow , why do you think you can feel apprehensive all day ? It feels like a guessing game with the divine most of the time . Can't tell who , what when where or why but you know it's probably not something pleasant , and so you just get to wait , lol ... I hate waiting . Especially when it might be for nothing at all , grrr ! 
I got a new computer ... yay for me , lol , first new one in almost 8 years !!! Love to all ! 
Hey I got and 86 in my anatomy class , not too bad , lol , considering most either fail or have to take it again the first time . I took it in the summer where it's an 8 week class instead of 16 ... think I'm a little proud , sometimes that's ok . 
Should I be more mad at myself that I almost started a fire in my kitchen , or more proud that I stopped it right before the fire began ? 
Life is good because I am loved and know how to love ... and am better at letting other people have and keep their own problems without my pressure or interference , lol . Love to all :) 
Hey , after much nagging and procrastination , I have finally added more pics to my profile , enjoy , lol !!!! 
It has been decreed ... today shall be a good day . Anyone who doesn't comply shall be taken to < PROPMALE > e cheese and lost in the ball pit :) 
Thank you all VERY much for the birthday wishes . I got more wishes than I thought I would , lol . Love to all !!!! 
I start my CNA class tomorrow . I'm quite nervous about though I know I shouldn't be ... I only fail if I miss one class , lol , wish me luck ! 
Some days I truly can't decipher how I feel ... not even if it's good or bad , lol , makes me worry about my sanity at times but it's a fun ride in any case :) ... more often than not anyways ... 
