From 10 to 4 its going to be me and one other guy and no one else at kroger ... its going to be weird 

Bus ride home from six flags takes forever ... but it was worth it awesome day 
Prom was really fun 
Graduation practice was pointless ! 
Graduation today ! High school is over nows its on to bigger and better things in college ... good luck everyone with what you go on to do after graduation 
If somebody asks you to watch the lovely bones say hell no ... its a very stupid movie 
Saw shutter island .... great movie 
Grape kool aid is good ! Just sayin 
If I turn into another , \ 
Dig me up from under what is covering\ 
The better part of me . 
Ah look at all the lonely people . Where do they all come from ? 
going to chicago ... going to go check out where i used to live and of course get some of that great chicago food 
Sometimes somebody walks into your life and has a big impact on you and then walks out of your life ... all you can do is < PROPFEMALE > the good moments you had with this person and dont dwell on what you could have done differently because that is a path to self destruction 
yay ! For strawberry ice cream 
And in my hour of darkness she is standing right in front of me speaking words of wisdom , let it be 
at the airport headed to arizona for 3 weeks 
yay finally boarding ...... goodbye illinois hello arizona 
when you give up liberties for security you are no longer free 
There's another world inside of me\ 
That you may never see\ 
There're secrets in this life\ 
That I can't hide\ 
Somewhere in this darkness\ 
There's a light that I can't find\ 
Maybe it's too far away ... \ 
Or maybe I'm just blind ... 
i really wish i could sleep 
I will not be completely honest for 24 hours , you can ask me anything in my\ 
inbox and I will honestly answer it with exactly the same answer as I would ever give you . I dare you to put \ 
this as your status and see what questions you get . :3 
Sitting on a plane waiting for take off ... ready to be home 
< PROPFIRST > is killing frozen babies !!! 
What's the first rule of fight club ? 
job interview tomorrow ... about time 
got called back for 2nd interview on saturday hopefully i get the job 
i drove my chevy to the levy but the levy was dry 
I look good in a suit ... borrowing aarons suit for a job interview tomorrow with sprint 
I'm so ugly , that's okay\ 
' Cause so are you 
i need to clean my laptop screen , killed a bug and now i have bug guts smeared on it .... damn you laziness !!!!! 
its unbelievable how small of a world it is 
Freedom at last 
Allergies suck ! 
I've payed my dues but have commited no crime 
Yay ! < PROPFEMALE > wars v: the empire strikes back then return of the jedi is on 
krogers orientation today .. finally have a job again 
Back to kroger to finish my orientation ... hopefully that stupid computer will work this time 
We are just 2 lost souls swimming in a fish bowl 
I have been having these terrible nightmarish visions ! Its called life dib 
Man , people are idiots and such drama queens 
Realizes there's no trying to tell a little kid to just leave it alone so the drama will stop 
Go Cowboys !!! 
Tis time to move on 
Got to be a joker he just do what he please 
shine on you crazy < PROPFEMALE > 
I start kroger tomorrow 
Anybody have any suggestions for a good book to read ? 
1st shift at kroger was good ... pretty entertaining at times lol 
Its been over a year since I last wore glasses ... its so weird 
< PROPFIRST > by eminem is a messed up song ! 
Turtle brownies are being made ! And a double batch too 
< PROPFEMALE > wars is beyond stupid ? I cannot comprehend that statement 
Work 10-4 today ... sounds fun right ? Well at least they will be busy so it will go by quick 
Go cowboys ! 
For the first time this week I couldn't find a house marathon 
Stop ! Hammer time 
Wow invader zim is on tv for once 
lightening outside and I'm going to push in metal carts great ! 
There is something peaceful about being on break at work 
Whoo 2nd break today 
Pink < PROPMALE > is awesome 
SOAD !!! 
So starting today I'm breaking out of this cage I'm gonna stand up I'm gonna face my demons I'm maning up I'm gonna hold my ground I've had enough I'm so fed up I'm gonna put my life back together right now 
Women seem wicked when you are unwanted 
Cowboys win ! About damn time 
Wtf now all the bear fans come out of nowhere now that they are 3-0 ? Oh well they are playing well and about time < PROPFEMALE > had a punt return for a touchdown 2 years is too long for a guy that fast 
Me and my dad got in a wreck today ... chillin , on some muscle relaxers 
I have a feeling I'm going to be in a lot of pain tomorrow 
Todays < PROPMALE > sawyer gets high on you 
Yay ! Working 4 to midnight today ... bright side I get at least 3 days off in a row 
They say all good things come to an end but do all bad things come to an end too ? 
I keep a close watch on this heart of mine \ 
I keep my eyes wide open all the time . 
N.F.L. stands for no fun league ... for a touchdown celebration somebody jumps over a player and gets a flag for excesive celebration ? Give me a break ... its a GAME 
Well the cowboys have no hope at all with romo fracturing his shoulder 
Is anybody out there ? It feels like I'm talkin to myself\ 
No one seems to know my struggle , and everything I come from\ 
Can anybody hear me ? Yeah , I guess I keep talkin ' to myself\ 
It feels like I'm goin ' insane , am I the one whose crazy ? 
May get a black lab on sunday 
In chicago ... headed to six flags ... listening to < PROPMALE > marley 
Front row of raging bull is awesome ! 
Off to < PROPMALE > tower ... can't decide if I like superman or raging bull better 
Chicago was great ... went to six flags then downtown chicago and went to < PROPMALE > towers observation deck ... could see for 50 < PROPMALE > according to what they say there and then pizza . Got lost in chicago and ended up in chinatown instead of I 55 
Going to go pick up the black lab ... the dog is a male ... any suggestions for a name ? 
Some things never change , that's just the way it is 
If anybody wants a black lab let me know . The guy has 3 males left ... he wants 200 for a dog 
Conan is back ! Screw nbc 
My little niece was born today :) makinsey is finally here good luck getting sleep ness 
If I left here tomorrow would you still remember me 
Does anybody want a 3 year old cat ? If he doesn't get a home he will have to go to taps 
Oh I believe in yesterday 
So the newest rumor is that system of a down is going to get back together for one more tour and one more album and they are done 
happy thanksgiving 
i just want to celebrate i just want to celebrate another day of living :p .... dont take for granted every day that you have on this earth because nothing is guaranteed ... enjoy all the family and of course all the food ! 
Poor < PROPFIRST > has parasites ... hopefully his medicine gets rid of them 
Its freaking cold out ! 
I am in lesbians with you 
Rented inception .... if I had some money id buy it lol ... such a good movie 
who is bored out of their minds tonight ? 
Letting go of somebody can be one of the most challenging things you do 
I'm a rocket ship and your heart is the < PROPFEMALE > and I'm aiming right at you 
Its been awhile since I could hold my head up high 
got a new laptop today ! 
Troubles will come and they will pass 
Working from 10pm to 630am sound fun ? 
Failed plans suck 
Lol my dog just figured out how to get on my bed with no help so he keeps getting down and getting back up on it haha 
I have 13 hours next week on 2 days ... so I have 5 days off ... that's a big drop from 32 the previous week ... oh well 
Damn sirens now I can't go back to sleep ... hopefully I can take a nap before I work 3rd shift tonight 
I think those people in weight loss commercials also get plastic surgery after they lose the weight ... these companies must think people are stupid not to realize the before and afters are different people 
Watching < PROPFIRST > darko 
Taco < PROPFEMALE > yo ! 
Wow what a blast from the past ... watching the rugrats 
Today sucks ... after school I get to go to work for 6 hours then come home and do homework and then sleep 
So who else feels very stressed out ? 
People laughed when I said the packers would beat the bears ... who is laughing now 
Being sick really sucks 
< PROPFEMALE > vu feels so weird 
Hmm ... 12 to 20 inches of snow tomorrow evening into the night ? Bring it 
For you high schoolers just in no school for you via nbc 
We got lucky we didn't have to shovel long some guy drove by with a blade on his truck and offered to clear our driveway for 35 bucks ... money well spent 
Hell yeah 14 to 0 packers 
Hell yeah packers pulled it off ! 
sitting here at icc is boring 
What a way to spend a Saturday ... working from 12:30 to 9 
Yay for a thunderstorm ! 
Wisconsin Republicans should be ashamed of themselves 
I'm pretty sure a thousand is a number 
i miss high school german ... one of the easiest classes ever 
why is it so cold at icc ? 
