Figures , I put my winter coat in storage yesterday and this morning it snows . 

Asking me what's on my mind can be a dangerous question . Make sure you really want to know the answer before asking . ( Some mornings though the only thing on my mind is \Where's the coffee pot ? \")" 
Todays game - PLACE OF BIRTH ! Everyone please play ! You will find it interesting to know where your FB friends ' birthplaces are . Copy & paste this on your profile , then put your place of birth at the end of this sentence ...... Seattle ( Ballard District ) , WA 
Imagination is more important than Knowledge - < PROPFIRST > Einstein 
Another frigid morning in Wyoming that will end up near 60 degrees . Can't wait for winter to be over ..... 
Helping a friend this morning reminded me of an old truism - Old Programmers Never Die , They Just GO SUB without RETURN . 
No April's Fool joke here , it's snowing in Wyoming today and piling up . 
Some mornings there just isn't enough coffee in the world to clear the fog from one's head . 
Let's see who is paying attention ... Every single one of you are on my friend list as a result of a conscious decision . I am not only glad to count you as a friend but also as family ! Let's see who is on my friends list actually pays attention . Copy and post this on your status . I will be watching to SEE !!! -- Likewise I am very picky about who's on my friend's list and I do pay attention . 
You can tell a lot about someone's personality by observing the way they walk . I've noticed there's two basic types - the Stompers and the Gliders . Stompers tend to be unaware of things and bash their way through life while Gliders tend to be considerate and flow their way through life . 
Remember that Earth Day was set up not just to be a single day but to raise awareness that we all need to take care of the planet every day . This is our home and we need to quit treating it like it doesn't matter if we litter , cut down too many trees , dump chemicals in the air and water , etc . Just picking up the litter you see as you go about your daily life makes a massive difference . 
It's another Wyoming morning . Tuesday it was 72 degrees and last night it snowed an inch and is still snowing this morning . 
As happens every few years , this day is not just a day to honor mothers but it is also my birthday . I am very honored so many of you have sent birthday wishes and wish everyone also has a beautiful day with their loved ones . 
VERY SERIOUS WARNING : Facebook now \ 
automatically scans your brain through your monitor . To block , go to \ 
Kitchen Cabinets remove box of Aluminum Foil . Wrap foil around your \ 
head , stay calm & breathe through your left nostril . This is a \ 
serious problem & has been confirmed by my cousin's girlfriend's \ 
neighbor's son's baby's mama and her pet chihuahua . Copy and paste as \ 
your status & SAVE YOUR FRIENDS ! 
From the point of view of someone who's lived in < PROPFEMALE > towns and followed the native american way for quite a long time now - I can tell you all that what I see now that I'm in a city I find very disturbing . Don't take it personally but ya'll need to grow up and reconnect with the world you live in and SLOW DOWN YOUR LIVES . 
Hard keeping up with playing Evony on 7 servers - na1 , na2 , na6 , na7 , na8 , na12 , & na13 
Sometimes I wish the human brain worked like a computer's CPU - I need an upgrade and more RAM . 
Woo Whoo - after months of hard work I got 4 promos in 3 days in Evony ! And I never spent a dime playing the game . 
Where's the friggin option to see the newest posts ? I can only see the oldest posts . Is Facebook screwing up AGAIN ?!?!?!?!? 
All my Evony friends - I made Baron on na12 today & since I just made Baron on na7 I'm only going to play these two servers . It's just too time consuming to keep up the others . But I'll still send ya FB gifts every day even if you're not in LOMBARDY or vVv . 
Hurricane < PROPMALE > is here - got some wind & rain this A.M. but it's just the outer bands that'll be with us for a bit . 
My Evony Alliance ( vVv ) Just took a Historic City in 64 seconds :) An amazing team we have here !! 
Evony -- Farming for Justices to try to make Prinzessin this morning - decent success so far 
Evony News - Made Prinzessin today :) 
Evony News -- vVv just took a lvl 14 HC in 69 seconds :) WE ROCK !!!!!! 
HEY Facebook -- PLEASE fix all the lost gifts , this is getting ridiculous . If I was as sloppy when I was writing web apps for the military I would have been BLACKBALLED . Instead of the useless \enhancements\ " how about trying for zero defects ? " 
Another rainy , gloomy day in < PROPFEMALE > :( 
6 days straight it's been raining fairly hard now :( 
Evony News- I'm happy & sad -- I took my 2nd HC12 but a friend left our alliance 
Leavin ... on a Jet Plane . \ 
\ 
In about 11 hours from now I'll be headed back to Washington State . 
Back home in Washington State again - feels good to be home after being away for 16 years . 
It's cold , damp & rainy this weekend here in Washington State but then this IS November so that's expected . First Nov weekend I've spent here since leaving the state in 1994 - I'd forgotten how much it aggravates my arthritis . But ... life goes on :) 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone from < PROPMALE > , WA . \ 
For God so loved the world that he sent his only begotten Son , that whomsoever believeth on him shall eternal life . For He did not send his son to condemn the world but to save it . ( < PROPFIRST > 3:16 , 17 ) 
