sleeeeeeeeeeeeeeeep . 

is not liking some of the folks on myb . 
is about to get her nails done with my cousin and my sis < PROPFEMALE > . 
is head banging to tunez . 
really doesn't care for people who play favorites . 
is apparently a piece of shit . 
is having < PROPFEMALE > over today . 
is obviously OCD with food and exercise . 
is going to the beach today . ;D 
will blackmail that bitch if she doesn't watch herself . 
is kinda pissed that my phone is messed up because of the beach water getting on it . 
wonders why the fuck my mother is such a freaking weirdo . 
going bowling with my cousin and big sister . 
is making people think she's dead because I have no phone to answer when they call lol . 
is pissed that my school messed up my schedule for next year . They're already butchering my year and I haven't even gone yet ! 
is having a trip that for once , doesn't involve drugs ! 
is now a size small in tops . :O 
really , really enjoys caramel apples . 
is feeling confident . :D 
wonders why the hell mosquitoes loving biting me so much . D: 
has a headache , wtf . 
had an exhausting day . 
hates getting up at 5:30 am . D: 
is applying for < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST>'s and they're hiring , so wish me luck on getting the job ! D: 
accidentally ate fish and feels disgusted . 
needs a freaking Cell now . D: 
hates this rainy weather . 
has that stupid \LOL SMILEY FACE\ " song stuck in my head . " 
is sick and wants working medicine . 
is wondering why I always get the short stick out of things , when I'm the most well-behaved out of the people before me . Maybe I should go < PROPMALE > a store or get busted by a cop with marijuana on me so I can be given more opportunities and respect in life , rofl . 
is draaainnned . 
is not going to commit , and I won't have anyone tell me otherwise . I am out of his league . ;D 
is getting a 120 eyeshadow < PROPMALE > palette . Yaaaaaaay . ;D 
is so hungry . D: 
is ready to go through another mindless Tuesday , doing mindless things , such as school . 
loves breakfast . ;D 
thinks I have pink eye . One of my eyes are red , swollon , feels like sand is in it , and hurts to blink and close it or put contacts in it . My other eye is fine . Wtf is this . D: 
is going to stab myself in the left eyeball . 
is too scared to put the medicinal eyedrops in < PROPFEMALE > eye . D: 
had organic oatmeal , lowfat yogurt , and a vitamin muffin for breakfast . If that doesn't satisfy someone , nothing will . ;D 
is dying < PROPFEMALE > hair an ultra light ash brown color now . I'm hoping it don't come out tew light . w00t . 
successfully donated blood today . ;D 
has had a headache for three days now and it's getting worse . D: Gonna try to make it through the day anyway since it's only Friday . 
hates when someone you really enjoy talking to and want to talk to you has barely got the time to do so . Imhsm . 
is pissed because my < PROPFEMALE > has my damn phone . OMFGGG . GIMME EET BACK , PLZ . 
is buh-bye . ;D 
is back . ;D 
believes that MYB's R&P section is filled with fucking morons . >_> 
is going to start recording my dreams again . And meditating . And trying to have OBE without the use of acid . D; So much to do . 
wonders wtf my old status disappeared . I BEIN ' HACKED !! 1 !!! 
is once again , job hunting . New year , new luck ? :D 
is dying my hair black now . w00t . 
thinks someone really needs to inform me who is hiring around my area . D; 
is too much of a procrastinator . I had a three day weekend , and I didn't bother writing that practice regents essay that was assigned . Wtf do teachers expect over breaks ? Srsly . 
fml . fml . fml . fml . fml . fml . fmllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll . 
is firm solid proof that < PROPMALE > & < PROPFIRST>'s ice cream and long naps help ease the after effects of anxiety attacks . ;D 
has been told by < PROPFEMALE > that some dude in the UK is throwing animal semen at little school girls and the cops are on the look out for him , LOLOLOLOL . 
is finding it extremely awkward when having conversations with ex-almost-boyfriends/frans wiff benefits . stfuuuuplz . 
hates the smell of ammonia . D: 
srsly hates it when people put lyrics in their status ' . NO , USE YOUR STATUS CORRECTLYYYY . /nazi 
likes how I wake up at 4:00 am to take a shower , eat breakfast , study , do all this for school , and then have my school call and say I have a snow day . Wow , I want to slap a bitch right now . 
needs to start reevaluating connections with ... well , everyone now . Oy . 
is seeing < PROPFEMALE > In Wonderland today in IMAX . Raaaad ! 
will pay someone to clean up my dog's shit for me . D: 
has a gigantic headache from studying for the SATs now . I'm waaaaaay too lazy for this . 
is in pain . D; 
had a great day . <3 
loves proving people wrong . ;D 
won't be brought down today . <3 
is going out for breakfast . I love going to restaurants . ;D 
keeps being farted on by her dog . I smell like the bathroom after my father comes out after pooping a storm . Ewwwww . D: 
wants to know who told my dad about the horrible photo I put up of him so I can delete you . Kthnx , own up to it and tell me . 
is so sad that while I was in school , my dog ripped apart my laptop's charger's cord thing . DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD: 
wants to thank everyone for the birthday wishes and the gifts and stuff . Overall , I had a good day . Night all . <3 
wonders what causes this random , bored and unmotivated feeling of doing shit in school . 
hates the rain . 
is surrounded by weaboos right now . Please , God , somebody , SAVE ME . D: 
is loling . \ 
\ 
< PROPFEMALE > Manning : I'd be lyke .. \OH .. I C .. IT HASN'T HIT YEW ? WELL .. ALLOW ME TO SLAP DA SHIT OUTTA YEW .. DEN U FEEL IT\ " -- The Buddha of Training Boys . " 
\ < PROPFEMALE > Tsiumis says ( 6:39 PM ): LMAO I'd rather eat a legal burrito anyway\ " \ 
just came back from eating out with < PROPFEMALE > Texidor and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > . Crazy bitches . D: 
is starting a diet today . >:O 
is very glad that her best friend is back from the army . However , she still comes over my house , unannounced , like she lives here , and demands I get ready in five minutes to go places . Some things never change . 
has two three hour exams today . Six hours of my life are going to be wasted on exams . Kill me now . 
HOLY SHIT GUIZ , IT'S A STATUS . 
has 10 more days of being a minor left . :D 
I have officially gotten my second tattoo . I love it , but it's sore as hell right now . D: 
That awkward moment when your mom thinks she's 20 and still manages to act more immature than that . 
