is freezing .... and remembering how I used to not be able to stay up to 10:00 on new years when i was like 8 and now do every day ! 

HAPPY NEW YEAR'S < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
16 MINUTES till 2010 !! 
HAPPY NEW YEAR !!!! 2010 !!!!! Doesn't feel much different than 2009 though ... actually ... not at all . But what ev ' gallery walk tomorrow ! Dunno what else ... 
just woke up ... 
is going to gallery walk soon ... and hopefully the boy's and girl's club too for a little while . 
ust got back from watching Sherlock Holmes ... no gallery walk this month apparently ... good movie though ! 
going skating soon ... then again tomorrow evening with < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > !! Only two more days of vacation ... I can't wait till school ... to see all my friends !! New classes soon too !!! 
Damn ... life sucks right now ... :( 
Copy this into your status and see what people rate you . 1 : Crazy . 2:I'd Marry You . 3 : Talkative . 4 : Sarcastic . 5 : Lovable . 6 : Clubhead . 7 : Moody . 8 :D umb . 9 : Spoiled . 10 : Mouthy . 11 : Random . 12 : Hot . 13 : Funny . 14 : Fit . 15 : Amazing . 16 : Tough . 17 : Cute . 18 : Bf/Gf Type . 19 : Player . 20 : The Best . 21 : Freak . 22 : Quiet . 23 : Sexy . 24 : Adorable .... 25 : Annoying . 26 : Rude . Rate Me ! =] 
is skating tomorrow evening with < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > ... and I'm actually getting the time right this time ! 7-9 at the rink ... can't wait ... only one more day of vacation ... 
is going to bed now ... skating with < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > Tomorrow ! ... and finishing my Brit Lit final project ... :( last day of vacation ... i dunno but i think i am actually kinda excited for school right now cause I get to see all my friends ... 
is working on his Brit Lit paper now ... skating later ... 
is almost done with his brit lit project ... ugh ... glad i'll be getting this thing over with finaly ! ... Then skating later with < PROPMALE > Fontaine and < PROPFIRST > Ferencek ! 
has the dropkick Murphies on his itouch now ! Along with another Scrubs Episode ... :D 
bacon quiche and frenchtoast for dinner ... mmmm ! 
Is going to see the Red Sox play on Sunday ! 
is finaly on summer vacation , is going to see the sox play on sunday and is going to Upward Bound a week from Sunday ! 
just got back from Boston where < PROPMALE > Green got a walk off < PROPMALE > and I got < PROPMALE > Bennetts autograph . ( Thats the pitcher who threw the pitch that < PROPMALE > Green < PROPMALE > ed) !! 
UB tomarrow ! 
is back from Upward Bound For the weekend 
just got back from the parade . 
fireworks were good but not quite as good as last year's 
is returning to UB tonight after he packs ! 
took an SAT in UB and almost died because of it's boringness ! 
is hoping < PROPFIRST > Haliday will go to Boston and wants to go back to UB and wants it to last for six weeks straight with no home weekends . N offense to my family but I like it there during the summer more than at my house . 
NCIS marathon today then House marathon tomarrow ! 
is on facebook to keep from being bored and wants one of his friends to be on facebook to talk to because of his boredemness . If that that is even a word . 
likes Upward Bound's Uber News and thinks they did a very good job for a first broadcast . 
My dog is limping and has been since last night . I think she is turning into a little old lady poodle . 
Is bored out of his mind and just realized that he has not eaten today or yesterday during dinner and is very hungry so he is amazed that he could go this far without food . It is tha longest he has probably ever gone without food in his life so he is goin 
just ate pad < PROPFEMALE > for lunch from the farmer's market .. 
is epicly bored ! 
Sox up 3 zip . Going into the second and Yankees loosing in ninth 10-8 
Sox Dominating 9-1 in the sixth inning ! 
has 37 more minutes ' till he goes to bed . 
is going to bed . 
hours and 38 minutes untill We leave to go back to UB . 
Is going to Boston again on Wednesday ! 
is bored out of his mind but does not need suggestions from his mom because he knows she will reccomend something he doesn't like and tell him he has to do it . But if she has any suggestions He will enjoy he would like to hear them . 
is off to UB . 
is back from Boston ! 
can't wait ' till sunday night because we will be back at the UB dorms with my UB friends . 
woke up . 
is adding more UBers to his friends lists on facebook . 
is POed at his bed . 
just ate a plum and a piece of homemade veggie and pepperoni pizza with the mushrooms picked off for lunch . 
is begining < PROPMALE > potter 7 again and just got to chapter 3 . 
is dying of boredom but doesn't want ideas from mom because she will tell me to do something I don't like . 
is angry that facebook is sooooo slow and only facebook is on his computer . Infact everything else is faster than usual . 
just played a little bit on purposegames . 
Red Sox and good debating goes good together while talking Red Sox/Yankees . 
finished packing for UB and is bored out of his mind ! 
the time on my computer works now ! 
hates waking up needing to go to the bathroom early in the morning . 
lost the game ! 
is on chapter 7 of < PROPMALE > Potter 7 . 
made himself loose the game by looking at his older post . 
thinks all these abbreviations are comfusing . Like skipping vowels , saying lol for laugh out loud , jk for just kidding and all the other abb . 
just ate a buttered sesamie bagle with some OJ for breakfast . 
thinks his dog needs another hair cut because her hair is in her eyes . 
is coming out of his lair and is going to make his way to the raspberry bushes to widen the patch . Then he may swim . 
is dying of boredom . 
is going back to UB . 
is at Upward Bound and was going to swim but thinks he wold rather just be on facebook . 
Sox aquire < PROPFIRST > LaRoach from Pirates !! 
is back from UB . 
is wide awake because he slept for 12 hour . 
is possibly going blueberry picking later . 
has no plans for today except for facebook and possibly blueberry picking . 
is playing Magic against himself . 
is bored out of is mind and is waiting for his friend to call back or for something to come up that would intrest him . 
is being bored and wants it to be 5 on sunday so he wouldn't be bored . 
is starving ! 
Ha ! Yankees finaly loose ! And to the Holidayless As ! 
is finally going up to eat dinner ! 
wants to have an interesting conversation with someone . Possibly about the Red Sox , UB or to debate about who is better like Batman vs . Superman or Red Sox vs . Yankees . 
sox win 7-2 and are only 1.5 games back . 
woke up at a resonable time today ( 8:00 ) . 
is waiting for the laundry to be done so he can switch it to the dryer and then continue packing for UB . 
BREAKING NEWS : < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > was only on Facebook for a few hours today ! 
is off to UB ! 
is in the secret service . 
sox trade masterson , LaRoach and two prospects to get < PROPFIRST > Martinez and < PROPFIRST > Kotchman . 
wounders if G- Force is a good movie . 
has soaking shoes because he played an epic game of soccer in the downpour in UB ! The soccer field had a little lake on it and I was a foward . 
wants something to do over the weekend that's fun . 
woke up to his dog licking his hand . 
wants to go back to UB but doesn't want it to be the last week ! 
Ouch !! I just hit my funny bone and it was not funny to me ! 
is having homemade margherrita pizza for dinner . 
just got back from the BF fireworks ! Had a good time . They were a lot better than the Bratt fireworks but not as long . 
is awake early because he couldn't get back asleep . 
is awake early because he couldn't get back to sleep . 
has 11 long hours untill UB . No plans . 
I lost the game ! 
is bored for the next 5 hours . 
sox up 6-0 bottom of the 2nd at camden yards . 
is playing < PROPFEMALE > wars battlefront II 
going back to the last week of UB soon ! 
can't believe it is the last week of UB ! 
is at UB . Only two more days left ! 
misses UB already ! 
feels so much more awake than yesterday now that he had 12 hours of sleep . 
may go to the farmer's market in Bratt . soon but doesn't know if he wants to go . 
is playing yoville again . 
is back from picking berries 
is VERY bored . 
is angry at his computer for being so freakin slow ! 
was woken up by the smell of breakfast . He thinks it might be blueberry waffles but doesn't know . 
is bored 
is dying of boredom 
is going on yoville now . 
just ate dinner . 
is bored once again . 
is lying on his < PROPFEMALE > sized bed being Epicly bored out of his mind !!! 
2 more hours . 
is not bored any more . 
is going to bed 
woke up really early @ 7:40 
has 61 unread mail messages on his e-mail all since yesterday . 
is playing pacman on facebook 
is getting growled at by his dog fr no apparent reason . 
doesn't know what to eat for lunch ! 
is back on facebook . 
old school reto games work again ! 
just cleaned up his dog's throw-up off a carpet . Ick ! 
is playing solitaire 
just drove for the first time . It was a < PROPFIRST > and not as hard as it seemed it would be . 
is lying on the floor with his dog being bored . 
is getting in his pool with his 1 year old cousin soon . 
just swam in his pool . 
just updated his flair collection . 
forgot how good mrs. dougtfire was 
just woke up less than 1 minute ago and is very sleepy . 
is trying to think of what we should have for dinner tonight . 
is back from hanafords . Steak tonight ! 
is done messing with his flair . 
has to wake up at 5 tomarrow . 
dinner time ! 
is going to get a hair cut ! 
is back and ichy . 
thinks the \In < PROPMALE > we trust\ " Flair is Hilarious ! " 
5-1 sox in the 5th ! 
sox won 
is leaving to dartmoth soon . Then to lyndonville ! Probably next on facebook friday . 
was able to use his aunt's computer to get onto facebook ! 
is going to watch ncis sometime once the kids are off the wii 
I am iron man ! According to the which super hero are you quiz . 
thinks we may have come up with a plan but won't be sure ' till his mom anwers his message . 
is missing UB and London . 
Nooo ! 114 unread mail messages sense wednesday ! 
got his class schedual ! 
semester1 : latin I , Geometry , English-British literature , study hall , study skills semester2 : study skills , study hall , latin II , social studies III , Chem-com . 
pizza for dinner ! 
just went swimming in his pool ! 
Gonzo is back with the Sox ! 
sox win with six in the 9th 8-6 ! 
just cleaned his room . 
just finished watching school of rock 
just woke up to his dog licking his hand . 
is going to stickney < PROPFEMALE > soon . 
is back from stickney < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE>'s creamy stand , dutten's farm stand and graften cheese co . 
is going to the movies in a little less than an hour . 
is off to the movies ! 
just came home from watching G . I . Joe . 
is driving with Mr. North Tomarrow . Driver's < PROPMALE > . So watch out ! I'll be on the road from 12:30 - 1:30 . Will only run over a few people if I am lucky ! :) 
is kinda tired after driving for an hour . 
just got sunscreen in his eye :( 
Dinner time soon . We're having Spaghetti . 
just burnt his thumb on a VERY hot onion ! Ouch ! 
is going to the West river to swim today ! Then Driving again ! 
has been forgeting to check his e-mail ! 187 unread mail messages ! 
86 degrees in my house and 92 outside . Fans are blasting ! 
is bored . 
is watching NCIS . 
is talking . 
ugh ! So hot and humid ! 
is going to bed now . 
oh , boy . driving will be a little bit more complicated today . 
is going to have lunch now . Then go drive for driver's < PROPMALE > . 
drove on the highway today , the round about and went to putney during driver's < PROPMALE > driving . 
is very hungry ! 
is going to have dinner soon . Pork chops , beans and some sort of veggie . 
is doing pretty much nothing . 
is half asleep 
Doing the same as yesterday and monday . Tomarrow and friday will be just the same . Driving and facebook . 
going driving now ! 
is too addicted to solitaire ! 
relized that he was starving so is now eating pretzles 
hamburgers , peas and chips for dinner ! 
sox win 8-1 
woke up and could barely move his arm because he was lying on it and it was completely asleep . 
breakfast = margerined everything bagle and OJ . 
going to his last day of driver's < PROPMALE > driving now ! 
is at home 
tornado watch in southern NH ! 
Sox claim < PROPFIRST > Wagner off waivers from mets ! 
Sox should just give up on < PROPFEMALE > . He's useless and has been from the start . He never get's out of the 5th inning . We need Wakefield back . Even Dice-K would be good to have back ! 
is ready for a new day ! A facebook day . 
is happy because the Red Sox will win today because they never go down without a fight and I have plenty of friends to back that statement up ! 
is woundering what he is going to do today . 
might go peach picking today ! 
is going peach picking and to his aunt's house soon ! Be back later ! 
didn't end up picking peaches because it was pouring out . We might tomorrow though . 
is going to his aunt's soon . Be back sometime after dinner ! 
Ha ! 15-1 Sox in the bottom of the eigth !!! 
yes ! Wakefield is taking < PROPFEMALE>'s rotation spot finaly . Starting Wdenesday ! 
is thinking about what he could do . 
is going to bed now and may pick peaches tomorrow depending on the weather . 
pancakes and oj for breakfast with plenty of < PROPFEMALE > syrup on top ! 
Ortiz = 5 homers and 13 rbis in last 8 games . I'm bored . 
is going peach picking now . 
is going peach picking at Dutton's now . 
is back with 33 lbs of peaches ! Fresh , juicy peaches . 
is bored , once again . 
is going to clean his room a little right now before it turns into a pig sty . 
just ate some blueberry/peach crisp that his mom made from the peaches we picked earlier ! It was good . 
is going swimming ! 
dinnertime soon ! Pizza ! 
is hot . 
is very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very bored . As you may have seen by all these verys . 
doesn't like how hot it is in his room right now . :( 
Haha ! My dog is snoring ! 
finaly , a nice day with no rain ! 
Yankees are stuck now ! They have no choice but to help the sox ! They are playing against the rangers . If the yankees win the sox have less to worry about in the wild card . If they lose the sox are only 4 1/2 games back from the yankees in the division . Sox will sweep the white sox . 
is awake and doen't know what he is going to do today . 
just caught a huge , hairy spider and put it outside . 
just finished an hour of picking weeds out of the pathway in front of his house . 
loves mouse with whipped cream and much more ! 
Is it just my computer or did facebook change a little ? 
oooo Rangers up 10-5 against the yanks and both sox are tied at 3 a piece ! 
apparently has a dentist appointment at 10:30 . 
going to the dentist . Be back in an hour or so . 
is back from the dentist . 
is very hungry because he has not eaten anything today yet ! 
couldn't get onto facebook because my computer said there was no wireless connection but it works now ! 
is bored and tired . 
doesn't like how slow his computer is today ! 
is going to have dinner now . Spaghetti . Be back soon . 
is going to bed soon because he is waking up at 8:30 AM tomarrow because he needs to baby sit his siblings fom 9:15 till noon . < PROPFEMALE>'s coming at 10:30 though so he won't be baby sitting alone ! The kids aren't any trouble usualy so it should go well . 
is awake and ready to baby sit . 
us very happy with his life right now . 
is going to try to go to bed now . Had a really exciting day though , so it'll be hard . I'll manage though . 
just woke up and is very tired . 
doesn't like this new facebook message configuration . Why can't they just keep it one way and leave it ?! 
WHAT ?! < PROPMALE > Green tossed two hittless innings for the red sox last night ! Their utility infielder ! 
just got back from mini golfing and the c o-o p . 
is back . 
last weekend of summer . :( School soon , kinda excited for the first week back . 
is so bored with nothing to do . It's Raining and I'm home alone till 7:30 or 8:00 . 
is eating pretzels . 
stuffed shells ans water melon for dinner . 
man vs . food and dirty jobs . 
just finshed watching ncis and the sox . Buckholtz is going for a complete game 2 hitter ! 3-0 sox right now ! 
is going to bed now . Had a good day , but it was a little boring near the end . In a very good mood right now and very happy . 
is very tired yet can't fall asleep . Too happy about stuff I guess . 
is going to try and go to sleep again . This time I will suceed ... eventualy . 
just woke up and doesn't know what he is doing for the rest of the day . 
< PROPFIRST > Byrd is pitching tonight for the sox ? I thought we got rid of him . 
tomato soup and saltines for lunch . 
HATES how slow his computer is right now . 
STEAK tonight !! 
sox up 4-0 . Byrd is throwing a good game through 5 innings of work and only 74 pitches 48 for strikes . 3 hits , 3 walks and 1 strike out . 
7-0 sox , saito in for the save ! 
Steak , corn on the cob , rice , salad for dinner and fresh , hot out of the oven peach pie with whipped cream for dessert . 
is trying to think of things to talk about that would start a conversation . 
has NO school today ! Freshman do but not upperclassmen ! First day back is tomarrow ! 
is too addicted to solitaire !! 
is eating a whole apple right now . Core , stem , sticker and all . 
ncis is over . 
is playing with < PROPFEMALE > while talking on facebook . 
is missing London and Upward Bound now because he just looked at some London and UB photos 
< PROPFEMALE>'s and b-day cake for dinner because that's what my little sister wanted for her family b-day dinner . 
is going to 99 soon for dinner . 
getting up for school in a little bit less than 12 hours ! 
is off to his first day back to school . 
is back from school . Classes were pretty boring . 
is doing his homework . :( 
Hamlet for homework . Have a month to finish it . 
is going swimming now . 
is back from the pool 
I don't like Wordly wise 12 . Who uses , the words aborigine , palpable , peccadillo , thespian , pellucid , propinquintity or schism anyway ! I'll be suprised if I ever do in my life ! they should teach us words that we actualy may use in the everyday non Oxford world . 
Salve ! Quid est nomen tuin ? 
is getting ready to go to school . 
is going to school now . 
is home and has to do some homework . 
reading beowulf for homework . 
just got back from running a mile or so with his dog . 
is laughing for no apparent reason . Didn't even think about anything funny . Just started laughing . ;D 
just put all his UB Geometry notes into his School geometry notes section . 
is home from school . Has to read a lot for homework and some geometry and latin . 
is throwing a tennis ball against his wall to keep himself entertained . 
is kinda tired this morning . 
is going to get ready for school now . 
wants to go to gallery walk but can't get a ride back home after . :( 
is going to the football game later with some friends . 
Steak AGAIN for dinner . Yay . 
just took his big , old , hairy , lazy , poodle beast out to play by the pool . 
going to the football game soon . 
Had a great time at the game ! Colonels lost 25-19 though . 
just woke up from a good night's sleep . 
is going shopping soon . 
is back from shopping 
is wondering why so little teachers from BUHS have facebook pages . 
everyone who is plays top friends please buy my all of my friends . 
so far has only had a bowl of cereal today to eat . Dinner soon . :) Burgers . 
just got back from showering after going for a run with my dog . 
just woke up from a 1/2 hour nap snuggled up with his dog on the floor . 
there's a giant spider on my wall . It is one of those inch long hairy ones too ! Cool to see but scairy to know they live in the same room as I sleep in ! 
just created his stalker list . 
is back from two parties both were great . Tired now . 
had a great day but is going to bed now . 
just cleaned his room and is making his bed . 
is in a very happy mood right now . 
is going to bed . Had a great day . 
is awake but very tired . 
just got back from school a little while ago . Not much homework . Just a little reading . 
just got up and wants to go back to sleep . 
made lunch today , burritto and an apple . 
is back home from school . Not a lot of homework . 
is going to take his dog out for a bit , be back on facebook soon . 
is angered at his computer for being so error filled !!!!!!!!!!! Aaarrrrrrrrrggggg !!!!!! 
is VERY tired still and the computer is still acting wierd . 
pb+j and pretzels for lunch 
is psychic 
solitaire . 
is going to keene later . 
going to target in keene , be back later . 
is bored at home . going to a birthday party later 
est hodie defessa sed quoqua laeta . 
going to the b-day party now . Be back a little past 8 . 
is back from the party . 
sox up 9-1 after an 8 run third . Yanks lost and rangers are loosing . 
just woke up and is wide awake . 
is going to the frnklin county fair at noon . 
is back from the < PROPMALE > county fair . 
is awake and tired . 
is back from school with very little HW . 
going to keene later to get a hair cut . 
is taking his dog out then going to keene to get his hairs cut . 
is very cozy in his new fleece sweater . 
is awake and wishes there wasn't school today . 
is going to the movies later . 
is back from watching \all about steve\ " with < PROPFEMALE > . Had a great time " 
dice k dices up the angels with ks on for his return throwing 6+ shutout innings in his 4-1 victory over the Angels . 
is going to bed now . Had a great time at the movies with < PROPFEMALE > . 
is awake and tired 
just got home from the bus not much homework but 2 tests tomarrow . 
is playing solitaire because he is bored . 
5-3 sox , 3-2 blue jays against the yankees and 3-0 oakland against the rangers . Looking good for the sox ! 
is tired of this cough . 
is awake and still has a cough lurking at the bottom of his throat :( 
is back from school . 
london broil , scalloped potatoes , broccoli , green beans and bread for dinner ! Yum :) 
is going to open house soon . 
home . Buisy weekend . < PROPFEMALE>'s coming over then family is and the some circus on sunday . 
peanutbutter and apples . yum ! 
is awake , tired and excited for today . 
had a great day . 
has a big family gathering today . 
just slammed his foot on the door frame when running from one part of his house to his room . Ouch ! 
had a great day with < PROPFEMALE > and my family . 
is going to the circus later . 
is freezing in his room . 
is back from the circus and is about to eat dinner . 
' s cough is going away ! 
is very tired but hasn't coughed yet . 
just found some clean socks in his pocket . 
is back from school with no hw 
is going to make some amish friendship bread soon . 
is waiting till his cake stuff is done baking . 
thinks it's wierd that he only has 2 friends logged on right now when usualy there are more than 30 at this time . 
thinks it's kida wierd how his dog is shaking her head every 10 seconds . 
is tired this morning and very cold . 
thinks that amish friendship bread is delicious . 
dufyews iyr Hsjw ; a awxewr xisw qurg s kurrkw gwko dein rgw Hsjw gunawkd ~ 
wants his poodle to grow an afro . 
had a great day , didn't have much homework . Had a fun afternoon with < PROPFEMALE > . 
is tired . 
is very hot . 
lost the Game !!! 
lost the game < PROPFEMALE > Roberts < PROPMALE > Fontaine < PROPMALE > ?? Sidler 
misses biology . 
is home . No Homework ! 
is looking up sparknotes for hamlet . ( and yes the teacher said I could and should ) 
hamlet is boring . 
just got head butted in the nose by his clumsy dog . 
found entertainment in trying to juggle three balls off his wall without dropping them . 
just ate som strawberry , raspberry and wildberry sherbert . 
is very tired . Had a great afternoon . 
just had an english muffin with butter and 4 < PROPFIRST > preserves on it . Yum . 
just woke up to that wierd feeling of not being able to pick his arm up because it was so asleep . 
is leaving his man cave . 
is going for a walk with his dog now . 
is going apple picking now 
is going to the homecoming game later . 
had a great time at the game . 
is up early 
is going to keene now . 
is back from keene . Rain isn't fun . 
homepage is better now that I switched to internet explorer 8 . Font is wierd though . 
NNNOOOOO ! School tomarrow ! :( 
probably has thousands of e-mails by now . 
On v‰ga igav , nii < PROPFEMALE > on Google tılkija posti < PROPFEMALE > miseks kraami Facebook hoida end okupeeritud , kui < PROPFEMALE > oo < PROPFEMALE > b sıpra sisse logida , et < PROPFEMALE > saaks r‰‰kida inimestega . 
fresh from the oven , hot , homade apple pie with whipped cream . Yum ! 
is awake , cold and slightly tired but not as tired as usual . 
is home from school . Only hamlet for homework . 
just almost lost his hearing just now . 
ua < PROPFEMALE > views . Bi ibw ri rskj ri . 
xsb\r qsur die rgw vuf w qwsbwasst " 
is pretty wide awake but cold . 
NO SCHOOL tomorrow ! Yeah ! Going to The Big E with < PROPFEMALE > . 
is reading hamlet 
WOW it's already 8:30 ?! I thought it was 6 something ! 
WOW it's already 8:50 ?! I thought it was 6 something ! 
going to bed now . Big day tomorrow at the big E . 
No school today ! Big E instead ! 
had a great time at the Big E . 
is going to bed now because he is very tired . 
is cold , tired and doesn't want school today . 
back from school 
is suprised that all these facebook friends are upset right now . 
is cold down in his room . 
is watching a hamlet play on youtube . 
For all you Farkle players out there ... I DON'T PLAY FARKLE !! So please stop sending me all those farkle requests ! I get probably atleast 2 a night ! Once you see a request from me then you can send me a request . 
is in a very good mood right now probably because he doesn't have anything real big coming up in school and no homework and no more Hamlet to read ! :D :) :P :D :) :) 
I win ! 
is awake , tired and cold but still in the happiest of moods for no apparent reason ! 
weekend ! No homework either ! 
is back from dinner and is stuffed ! 
just woke up . It's the weekend ! 
orange marmilade English muffin . yum ! 
what a boring day . Luckily tomorrow will be more fun . 
thinks facebook's pirate language setting is awesome ! 
hanging around doing nothing . 
is wide awake . 
is awake and getting ready for school . :( NNNOOOOOOO !!!! I just remembered , NECAP testing starting tomorrow ! Damn NECAPS !!! Oh well , atleast I get to miss some classes . 
is home , hungry . 
is awake and not really looking foward to NECAPS . SOOOO boring ; but on the brightside I have no latin ! 
is home and thinks all his classes are really boring . Can't wait till next semester with social studies and science . 
is seeing 500 days of summer at latches soon . 
is back home . 
is very cold this morning . 
is home from school . 
wonders why it is so cold in his house every morning when he wakes up . 
is home from school with no homework ! 
ncis los < PROPFEMALE > 
AAAARRRRGGGGHHHHH . I'm bored . No friends to chat with on facebook ! 
is awake and doesn't want school today . It's cold . 
IT'S FRIDAY !!!! FINALLY !!!! 
is back from school . I got my grades ! 
' s poodle is so warm and cuddly right now . 
is bored with no one on fb to talk to . Baby sitting my sleeping siblings right now . 
basses loaded one out for the twins in the top of the 11 3-3 ! Yanks are screwed ! 
is a mlb fan . I am not nearly as big a sox fan as last year and like Jeter , texiera , CC and Burnett . Sorry fellow sox fans but I'm just a mlb fan . I do still root for the sox but if the yanks win the seiries I'm ok with that . I think I will become a huge bruins fan now instead . < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Kahler < PROPFEMALE > Roberts , < PROPFEMALE > Zinn , < PROPMALE > Fontaine . 
is awake and baby sitting once again from 10-2 . 
just discovered that mozzerella with peanut butter on it is really good ! 
is hiding away from the rest of his family so he doesn't get sick . Little brother is pukey so I want to stay away from him . 
Los < PROPFEMALE > is winning the world series this year ! 
really hates Mondays . 
este foarte plictisit , chiar acum 
did you know that the sound of E.T. walking was made by someone squishing her hands in jelly ? 
thinks it's always too cold in his house when he wakes up . 
' s computer isn't working . Hopefully erasing all the memory and reinstalling windows will get it to work . 
is awake and really hopes his dad can get his computer working again today . I hate this cough I have !!!! When will it ever go away ?!! 
' s computer is working again ! 
yummy steak tasting pork for dinner . 
still doesn't have sound on his computer . Hopefully will have that fixed by tomorrow . 
is doing nothing sunday that I know of . Buisy Saturday though . 
finished his Brit . Lit . Essay finally ! 
can't believe it's only 7 ! 
is cold and coughing STILL ! 
rain and SNOW tomorrow morning !!!! 
it's FRIDAY !!! Pumpkin Fest Tomorrow !! 
Finaly ! The weekend ! No homework either ! 
is kinda bored . 
B-O-R-E-D 
is wide awake and excited for today ! 
is very tired . Had a great time today ! 
is going to bed now . Had a very buisy day . Good night eveyone . 
French toast and bacon for dinner tonight . 
only a 3 day week this coming week , then a 4 day weekend !!! Can't wait ! 
always seems to look at the clock at 9:11 . 
is home and has no hw due tomorrow ! 
is missing London and Upward Bound . 
does not like how my computer does not like to let facebook work well on it . Too many errors !!! 
Walk of LA Angels ! < PROPMALE > Mathis walks off in the 11th ! Yeah ! 
is awake and happy he has no Latin today and only one more day of school after today , then a 4 day weekend ! 
attack of the killer lady bugs !!!!! Aaahhhhhh ! 
one more day of school till the weekend !! 
good night world . 
4 day weekend !!! 
can't believe it's only 7:47 . 
is off to bed . 
is going to < PROPMALE > university today . 
is home and doesn't have any plans for the next 2 days . 
Ha ! Angels win ! They will never lose as long as < PROPMALE > Adenhart is on their minds ! 
is wondering what he will be doing today ..... 
thinks it should be as warm as yesterday again today . 
doesn't like how facebook seems to want to change every few months !!!!!! 
is hating the new facebook setup even more cause it is screwing fb up ! It is causing way too many errors !!!!! 
is so bored . 
fat free vannilla and strawberry frozen yogurt in a cone , yum . 
has yet another boring day ahead of him unless . 
only has one plan for today so far , Facebook . Hopefully my plans change cause I get bored of that after a while . 
just got back from hannafords and walmart , it was packed . 
what are there messages that keep being sent around ? 
' s new favorite word is boondoggle . 
is going to keene . 
is home from keene . 
just ate a whole apple in 4 bites , core and all . On my 2end apple now . 
pancakes ! 
could live off of pops and oj if he had too . 
is home from school . A VERY Boring day . 
is going to school now . Hope you feel better . 
Computer volume works again !!!!!!!!! 
is home from school and hungry . 
so many of my friends are sick on facebook ! 
1-0 phillies !!! YAH !!! 
Yankees LOSE 4-0 ! Go Phillies !!!! Good morning world !! 
had a wierd but good day . Dunno how it was wierd , but it was . 
1-0 phills !! 
is back from school and is in an excited mood . 
is back from getting pumpkins . 
is off to the store to find a good zombie shirt then < PROPMALE>'s later . Happy Halloween ! 
is off ! 
great weekend so far . 
school tomorrow .... ugh ...... :( 
is going to bed , good night < PROPFEMALE > ; Good night everyone . 
just woke up an doesn't think there should be school today .... 3 1/2 day weekend at the end of the week though ! 
Facebook really HAS to fix these problems of theirs . This is getting a little rediculous . Chat is now no longer working ! 
is anyone's chat working ? 
I'm shipping up to Boston !!! 
Yeah ! Go Phillies !! 6-1 through 3 ! That's the way to play ! 
is off to bed . Good night . 
just woke up from a good night's sleep and is very cold . 
is home from school and is in a great mood . 
has a ton of sick fb friends . 7 that I can count today . Yikes ! 
is listening to hall and oates , green day , led zepplin and chatting with friends . 
NCIS ! 
is hitting the hay now . 
IS WIDE AWAKE THIS MORNING !!!!! NO CLUE WHY , BUT I AM !! 
Facebook is such a Boondoggle !!!! 
is home from school .... 
is watching last night's NCIS on Hulu.com . 
yearly flu shot tomorrow . :( get to miss some of latin though . :) 
damn fb chat isn't working again . Facebook is so Comcastic ! 
is off to bed . Flu shot tomorrow . :( 
is home from school .... sore arm from the flu shot and my little brother may have nits ...... SoI know who won't be coming in my room for a while .... 
Copy this into your status and see what people rate you . 1 : Crazy . 2 : I'd Marry You . 3 : Talkative . 4 : Sarcastic . 5 : Awesome . 6 : Clubhead . 7 : Moody . 8 :D umb . 9 : Spoiled . 10 : Mouthy . 11 : Random . 12 : Hot . 13 : Funny . 14 : Fit . 15 : Amazing . 16 : Tough . 17 : Cute . 18 : Bf/Gf type . 19 : Player . 20 : The Best . 21 : God Loving . 22 : Smart . 23 : Loving . 24 : Loyal . 25 : Trust Worthy . 26 : Fake . 27 : Spiritual . 28 : Successful . 29 : Cheap . 30:Can't be trusted . 
is hitting the hay now .... 
is going to school soon . Half day today !!! 3 1/2 day weekend !!!! 
Sox aquire < PROPFIRST > Harmida from Marlins . 
NCIS LA 
At home with my crazy dog playing tug-o-war , < PROPFEMALE>'s coming later . 
doesn't have any plans today ..... except facebook .... 
still doesn't have anything to do ... 
is going for a walk with his dog ... very bored . 
dinner .... 
is bored now ... 
is wide awake this morning ... Ben's coming over later ... not bowling today . 
< PROPMALE > left and now I'm back on facebook , as usual ... 
Is relizing that his wall has very little posts on it ... 
school today . Boring ... :( 
is home from school ! going for a walk with my dog now , babysitting my siblings from 4:30 - 7:00 ... :( 
Baby sitting ... little 8 year old sister is going to be a pain tonight ... 
is woundering what he should draw ... 
is done baby sitting ! 
Why do we not have Vetran's day off of school tomorrow ?! 
is BORED ! 
is off to bed now . Night all . 
thinks he shouldn't have shool on veteran's day ... 
is off to school now 
is home from school ... 
is depressed ... 
has many feelings at the moment ... 
SOx are trying to get hydeki Matsui for next year !!!!! Or < PROPMALE > Holliday !!!! 
can't fall asleep ... too much on my mind ... 
is awake now but very cold and tired . 
is awake ... 4 1/2 hours of sleep last night ... or should I say this morning ... headache now ... I just couldn't fall asleep . 
is home sick ... :( Of all times why do I have to feel sick now ?! 
just had the first thing he ate today .... frosten mini wheats . 
is home from school ... is done trying ... just gonna go where ever life takes me . 
is off to bed ... < PROPMALE>'s coming tomorrow ... hoping to possibly go see the football game tomorrow ... Go < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > ... I will try to get others to go too < PROPMALE > , as you asked ... 
just got up thinking it was a school day buit now I relize it isn't so I'm going back to bed . 
is awake and going to go get < PROPMALE > soon . 
rainy day ... hasn't been hungry too much lately ... just finished a long game of Magic against < PROPMALE > which ended as a tie ... not doing much now ... 
how much wood would a wood < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > if a wood < PROPMALE > could < PROPMALE > wood ? 
good night world ... be back tomorrow ... going to bed now . 
is awake and is relizing stuff about life again ... I like sleeping so much more ... that way i can escape te real world for a while ... 
HACKER WARNING ! There is a new way to hack your Facebook . You will be sent a notification that one of your friends has commented on your status ... it will open a new < PROPFEMALE > and tell you to re-enter your Facebook user name and password . The < PROPFEMALE > looks just like the FB login < PROPFEMALE > so be on the look-out ! Please repost this ... to your status to let your facebook family & friends know ... Copy & Paste 
is bored ... this was a wierd day ... learned a lot today ... and is kinda happy right now ... but also has many other feelings going through my head that aren't nessesarily good or bad ... 
is going to school now ...... wiser than ever . 
great mood ... and thoughtfull mood ... 
loves his poodle pillow ... literaly ... it's a poodle ... a living poodle ... 
is off to bed now . Yet another boring school day ahead of me . :( 
is freezing and tired . Ugh it's only Tuesday ... 
is going to school now in a good mood right now . 
is home from school and needs to take his dog for a walk now ... be back in a half hour or so ... 
THE FACEBOOK TRICK : press up , up , down , down , left , right , left , right , B , A , Enter key , then right click then press up and down and magic circles will appear . the only way to get rid of them are to log off refresh the page ... IT WILL WORK ! put this as your status if it works . 
got his grades finaly ... :) 
has a headache ... I am getting real sick of this cough !! Why can't it just go away ?! Three months of a cough is way too much cough !... but other than that in a pretty good mood ... not the best ... but better than previous days ... 
is feeling kinda dumb right now ... 
' s name means Crown humble < PROPFEMALE > ... That's what each part of my name means ... 
is going to bed now ... I want Friday already !!!! 
is going to school now . Yay , only three more days ' till the weekend ! 
is home from school ... probably has a sinus infection ... which would explain all the coughing ... if I do the cough should be gone in a few days ... Yay ! 
is going to bed now ... I hate this cough and the complications of love and all the strong emotions involved and homework and , of course , the Yankees . 
is awake ... very cold ... this is going to be yet another pretty boring day ... sports center camera crew's coming to BUHS today though ! 
is going to school now ... maybe i'll see someone i reconize from ESPN ... :D 
didn't have the best of days today ... Fml ... Latin class was horrid ... bus ride was too ... in a wierd mood right now ... comfused ... sad ... excited ... longing ... wishing ... thoughtfull and so much more ... :( 
NCIS is the best show ever along with Scrubs ... why does it have to end ?! 
hates facebook chat ! It never works ! But when it does ... i like it ... Argh chat ! AAAARRRRGGGGHHHH !!!! 
Couldn't get to sleep . Too much on my mind ... why can't she just understand ?! Fuck life !! This day sucked !!! I'm going to try to go to sleep again . 
is awake ... dispite going to bed at 10 I still only got 6 hours of sleep . I'm so cold right now . 
Yesss ...... it's finaly Friday ! I totaly need this weekend ! 
home ... taking my dog for a walk ... dinner ... facebook ... bed ... weekend ! 
dinner now ... 
thinks he may have anxiety ... dunno though ... 
is going to bed now ... still stressed but not as much as before ... still got that stress knot in my stomach though . I hat facebook sometimes ... but I love The Boston Red Sox , Hall and Oates , Led Zepplin , London , Canada , My bestest most favorite dog in the world , my friends , family and sleep ! OH AND HOW COULD I FORGET UPWARD BOUND ??!!!! Most EPICIST SUMMER CAMP EVER !!!!!! 
just woke up . Working at my aunt's house later today . 
off to work at my aunt's ... 
is back from working at my aunt's in Putney all day ... watching \I Love You Man\ " later . " 
I love you man ....... awkward ...... very awkward .... 
is back to ye olde pirate language on thar facebook < PROPFEMALE > ! 
is awake and has no plans today ... 
may be getting a hair cut later ! Finaly ! 
is bored ... regreting some stuff , can't wait to get a hair cut , loves the Red Sox and is getting kinda hungry .... 
is a pirate ! 
is eating an apple ... a whole apple ... 
hehe . < PROPMALE > Fontaine is gonna hate me ! I just got some EPIC magic cards for my Artifact deck . 
got a hair cut ... made new magic decks ... is bored ... sad ... excited ... curious ... not excited for school ... only 2 days of school this week ! 
is off to bed ... TWO DAY WEEK !!!!! 
2 DAY WEEK !!!!!!!!!!!! 
is home from school ... with no homework ! 
hates his computer ! 
You all just lost THE GAME !!! Mwahahahahaaaaa ! Mwahahahahaaaaa !!!!! 
is watching < PROPFEMALE > treck tonight ! 
is back from dinner . 
' s poodle REALLY wants his reeses pieces ... but she's not getting them ..... I'm sooooooooo bored .... chat anyone ? Sox news ? Anything ? 
bleh !!!! I'm Bored ! 
is going to watch < PROPFEMALE > trek now ... be back in about 102 minutes ... 
is back , < PROPFEMALE > Trek was EEEEEPPPPPIIIIICCCCC !!!!! 
facebook can just go die in a hole ! You NEVER work !!!! 
No longer caged in love's decay , we shall go hence forth to another day , of happiness , hope and wisdom galore , for we can't push life anymore . 
is hating facebook and parts of life right now ! I'm going to bed !!! >:( humbug ! 
it's FRIDAY !!!!! 
is home from school .... WEEKEND !!!! not going to be too exciting though ... only a couple days will ... anyone want to chat ?! I'm bored ! 
is thinking ... thinking hard ..... hmmmm ...... 
PIZZA ! PIZZA ! PIZZA ! YUM ! YUM ! YUM ! 
is back from dinner ... this is going to be a long night ..... 4 1/2 hours till I go to bed ... 
never knew love could be so complicated ... 
SOOOOO BORED !!!!!! TALK PEOPLE ! TALK !!!!!.......... please . 
ugh ! I just got punched in the nose by my dog ! It hurt ! 
may be going skating saturday morning !!! 
is trying to untie a knot in his stomach but it is very tangled . It has loosened but still needs more time to untangle itself . 
is going to bed ... no plans for tomorrow .... I think it's a facebook day ... unless something else comes up ... sleep is great cause you can go somewhere without the sad , stressfull , unhappy parts of life hovering around you all the time ... it's a small break from reality that happens every night and ends every morning ... but that you can look foward to all day ... 
is down in his room with his hairy poodle beast ! 
is oh so bored ... I need plans .... oh ... and < PROPMALE > Fontaine , I know you can read minds ! So .... LIES .... ALL LIES !!!!! 
is back from dinner ! Mexican food tonight . 
created a group for people who wish Keene State College Upward Bound was year round ! UBers ... please join ! 
can hear rodents scurrying through his walls . 
I WILL BE COMPLETELY HONEST FOR 24 HOURS !!! You can ask me 1 question ( only in my INBOX ) . Any question , no matter how crazy , sinister . You have my FULL honesty , but i DARE you to put this as your status & see what questions you get . :) 
is going to bed now , Thanksgiving tomorrw but not celebrating it till friday ... I can say i learned one thing today ... Synesthesia is a very interesting subject ! I wish we could still be friends . We made great friends ... I'm so tired ... Night everyone . 
THANKSGIVING !!!!! Celebrating it tomorrow though ... understanding some stuff a lot better now ... I think . 
is going for a walk with his dog now . Boring day . can't wait till tomorrow . 
yum , yum , yum ! Grilled cheese sandwitch , tomatoe soup , milk and a cookie for lunch ! Why can't the damn dog just learn already to not pull on walks ?! I've been trying to teach her that for the past 7 years !!! 
HAPPY THANKSGIVING EVERYONE !!!! 
I WILL BE COMPLETELY HONEST FOR 24 HOURS !!! You can ask me 1 question ( only in my INBOX ) . Any question , no matter how crazy , sinister . You have my FULL honesty , but i DARE you to put this as your status & see what questions you get . :) THIS IS ONLY IN EFFECT TILL 9:05 tonight cause that's when I asked it ... so time is running out ... I am super bored right now ... 
Sox are going full force after < PROPFIRST > Halliday !!!! 
is reading Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde ... 
finished Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde ... good book ... comfusing in some parts though . 
BLTs and avacado ...... everyone on fb seems to be stuffed .... literaly everyone has a post sometime today commenting on how full they are or how they are about to explode ... I however , am NOT stuffed and do NOT feel like I'm about to explode ! 
wishes we could just make up and be friends again ... we made great friends ... Why can't there be a \go half way back\ " in love ... either you stay together or you just take each other out of each other's lives completely ... never just be friends again ... That would make love so much more simpler ... That's how life works though ... I guess ... " 
BLEH ! I'm bored . Any friends feel like chatting about nothing inparticular on fb chat ? 
is going to bed now ... Late Thanksgiving tomorrow ! 
is going to go to his aunt's for Thanksgiving soon ! 
is bby sitting his baby cousin tonight in Putney ... watching casino royale ... 
damn facebook chat ! Baby sitting my baby cousin tonight . 
Had a good late Thanksgiving ... still wishing we could be friends ... I'm so tired ... I'm going to bed now ... 
is home from putney ... maybe skating at the rink later ... 
going skating now ... 
had fun skating ... it was slightly awkward though ... and I got two huge blisters on the side of my heels that are killing me ... even though I wore 3 socks on each foot ... it was worth it though ! 
google chrome ... 
google chrome is EPIC !!! Much faster than internet explorer ! Hoping to go skating again next Sunday ... I miss UB sooo much , and I want to go on the London trip again ... hmmm ... I dunno what my feelings are ! I'm confused ... Such a weird feeling ... a mix of sadness , happiness , tiredness , boredom , confusion , randomness and I'm writing too long a status right now ... 
Blister+hot shower = most pain ever experienced since being set in a tub of bleach as a baby ! It felt like a hot nail getting hammered into my heel ... 
does it feel like Sunday to anyone else ? 
is off to bed now ... ice skating was fun despite the fact I got a huge blister ... I still can't believe it isn't Sunday ... Google Chrome is awesome ! 
just woke up ... NOOOOOOO .... it's the last day of vacation ... SWINE FLU SHOTS ON THUSDAY ... uh oh ... 
is looking at a boring day ahead of him ... * sigh * ... school tomorrow ... :( 
life is good ! Life cereal that is ... 
life cereal may be good but real life just sucks lately . Why can't the dog just understand that she is not supposed to pull me ! She is on a leash for a reason ! I have been teaching her not to pull for the past 7 years !!!! since she was 2 ! This blister is killing me ! ( I still am hoping to skate every weekend though . possibly this sunday ... ) 
is very hungry . Had a pretty boring day today ... stiff back , hurt heel , sore legs and neck ... I think I slept funny last night . I can't believe I'm saying this but I can't wait till school tomorrow ! After tomorrow though I won't be able to wait till the weekend ... 
is going to bed now . Good night confusing world ! School tomorrow ... swine flu shots Thursday ... finaly can make sure i don't get it ! 
Ugh my blister is killing me again ! School today ... I will answer one question ( in my inbox ) truthfully . Put this as your status and see what you find . 
Take risks , if you succeed you are happy , if you fail , you are wiser . 
bored ...... remembering good times ... 
LET\S SEE SOME SNOW ALREADY !!!! ARGH !!! " 
doesn't like it when his dog stares at him in the face for a minute , belches , and then walks off ... so impolite ! She didn't even say excuse me !!! 
??? d ? no ? o ? uo sI ?? ?? s ? d pu ? ? do ? ' s ?? s sI ?? ???? ? no ?? n ? I ? o ? ?? nou ? ???? s ??? no ? ? I 
øbu ?????? ??? 1 1 ??? ? uo ? u ? °un ? s ? b ? o .? x ?? d ? 1 ? pu ? p ?? oq ?,? øs ??? p ??? s ? 1bnop ? 1 ?? ? o ? oq ??? ?? 1 ???? ' p ?????? qo ??? s ? p ? s ? q ? uo ? u ? u ?? 
is going to bed now . Good night confusing , adventure filled world that I will never understand nearly a single percent of , see you tomorrow . 
IT's not Monday anymore !!! Yay !!! Still 4 more days of school though ... :( 25 days till Christmas though !!!!! Where's all the friggin snow ?!!!! It's DECEMBER , and I'm dreaming of a WHITE Christmas not a brown , orange , greyish Christmas !!! 
is going for his daily walk with his dog now ... be back in a half hour or so ... 
is bored ... 
WTF ! My computer's too old !!! Sims 3 wouldn't be able work on it !!! Damn RAM and video cards ! 
' s new year's resolution is to save up his money so he can get an itouch ! I should have enough to get one by my birthday ... 
CSI Miami ! 
FACEBOOK CAN\T CHANGE AGAIN !!!! WTF !!! JUST FIND A SET-UP AND STICK WITH IT !!! AND GET A DISLIKE BUTTON ALREADY !!! PLEASE ! " 
is tired and going to bed now . 
is freezing ! Not a lot of Latin today though ! Yay ! It's Wednesday ... half way through the week ... 
is home from school and is going to go take his dog out for a walk soon . Pretty good day today ! 
peanut M& Ms. .. YUM .... 
And that's what hurts When we say goodbye And that's what hurts On those sleepless nights There's nothing I can do Cos I'm lost inside of you And that's what hurts ... 
is going to bed now ... NCIS , NCIS LA and Scrubs are the best shows ever !!!! So happy JD and the other main characters are still on Scrubs !!! 
going to school now ... 
is home from school ... Friday tomorrow ... got my pig shot today ... immune to swine flu now ... for the time being ... 
got the swine flu shot today ... arm will probably kill tomorrow but doesn't hurt at all right now ... I want to possibly go to gallery walk tomorrow if any of my friends are going ... < PROPFIRST > Mayhew are you going ? Or < PROPFIRST > Chabot or any other friends ???!!! 
is off to bed now ... FINALLY ! Friday tomorrow ... 
it's c-c-c-cold YAY ! Friday ! I can sleep in tomorrow morning ! Have to get through this one last school day though ... 
Huh , that's weird ... I just noticed my arm still isn't sore from the shot ... I coulda sworn it would be ... 
< PROPMALE > Scutaro on the sox for the next 2 years baby !!!! Finally ! A Decent shortstop ! 
home from school and from my daily walk with my dog ... WEEKEND FINALLY !!! 
is going to gallery walk soon ... anyone else going ? 
is back from gallery walk and the Boys and Girls Club ... had a great time ! Have to do it again soon ! Go to the B&G club that is ... 
can skate tomorrow instead of Sunday !!! Free skating !!! Was going to have to babysit but doesn't have to the whole day anymore ... 
is off to sleep ... gotta have a good night's rest if I want to hopefully go skate tomorrow ! 
is off to go skating soon ! 
went skating this morning ... had a great time ... no new blisters this time :D KFC is one of those types of food that tastes amazing for the first few bites ... then it starts to all taste the same ... 
just finished making the 5 foot 8\ surprised snowman in his front yard ... " 
is sitting next to his dog who's barking in her sleep ... kinda weird ... 
is going to bed now ... I love how one little thing can make your day turn from great to not so good ! :\\ 
has a very boring day ahead of him ... 
is going to his aunt's soon ... 
is very cold ... Pizza was good ... I'm bored now ... and tired too ... 
is going to bed now ... can't wait ' till spring ... love the snow and winter ... but I want spring for other reasons ... 
is home from school ... Latin class was ... ummm .... suckish ... gotta go take my dog for a walk now ... why does so much of life have to suck ?! Other than the things in life ... life is pretty good ... 
Damn Facebook chat not working ! 
Gesundheit sneezy poodle !!! 
always seems to look at the clock at 9:11 ... 
is going to bed now ... not necessarily going to sleep yet but going to bed and I am going to try to go to sleep now ... SNOW DAY WEDNESDAY !!!!!! ........ I hope ... 
is off to school now ... 
Why does my computer have to be soooo slow !!!!! ARGH !!!! I HATE YOU COMPUTER !!!!! 
is cold ... just updated my amazon wish list family ... It better be a snow day tomorrow !!! 
< PROPFIRST > Maguire new hitting coach for cardinals ... 
haha , when I scratched my dogs belly she started scratching my head in return ... how thoughtful of her ... kinda funny scene . 
is off to bed now ... hoping to be able to sleep in tomorrow ... 
no school ! 
Ahhh ... 12 hours of sleep ... Now for the snow day ... 
shoveling is such a tedious job ... 
the one bad thing about snow days ... lazy parents making you shovel most of the pathways and porch ... 
DISLIKE BUTTON !!!!!!!! ONLY ON MOZILLA FIREFOX !!! 
is cold and bored and actually can't wait till school tomorrow ... where all my friends are ... 
is off to bed ... hope tomorrow goes well ... thinking a lot right now ... I hope this thinking doesn't cause me to not be able to fall asleep ... 
is going to school now ... 
home from school ... 
UGH !!! WHY DOES MY COMPUTER HAVE TO BE SOOOO FREAKIN ' SLOW ?!?!?!?!?!?! 
hates Comcast ! It's so Comcastic ! Comcastic = not good ... 
can't wait to go skating Saturday with < PROPMALE > Fontaine and < PROPFIRST > Ferencek ... Will have an EPIC time ! 
CAN'T WAIT ' TILL TOMORROW ... SKATING with < PROPMALE > Fontaine and < PROPFIRST > Ferencek !!!!! 
is so bored ... no one to chat with ... may go to bed soon ... skating tomorrow morning !!! 
logged on to facebook just now to 44 notifications ... 
had a great time skating today ! Dunno what i'm doin ' tomorrow ... 
is off to bed now ... had a great day ! Good night adventurous world ! See you tomorrow when I come back from my world of dreams ... don't even ask ... 
is awake ... dunno what I'm doing for the rest of the day though ... 
just finished decorating the Christmas tree , bored now ... dunno what i'm doin ' later ... listening to ? right now ... 
Why does my dog have to be such a bully to me ?! Stepping on my feet ! Pulling my hair ! Pulling me on walks , barking at me ... 
Bah , humbug ! I'm bored ! 
can't believe it's already december ... what ever happened to November ?..... 
just finished watching The < PROPFEMALE > Clause ... 
is hitting the hay early tonight ... not much else to do right now ... bored ... Night all ! See some of ya in school tomorrow ... 
just got home from school ... had a very tired day ... not tired any more though . Hoping to go bowling with < PROPMALE > Fontaine and < PROPFIRST > Ferencek Thursday after school ! 
Sox are about to sign < PROPFIRST > Lackey ! 5 years ! Around 82.5 million ! Then we'll have an EPIC rotation ... Becket , < PROPFIRST > , Lackey , Buckholtz , Dice-K and/or Wakefield and other prospects ... 
Sox have 2 relief pitchers with the name < PROPMALE > Ramirez on the team now ? Confusing ... 
is hoping for a 2 hour delay tomorrow ... 
is so tempted to click \add as friend\ " but won't ... gotta give her time ... " 
° ? 1 ????? 1 ...? ou ?? b ?? ???? ? o ? u ? od ? u ?????? p ? u ? p1 ? o ? ??? ?? bu ?? oo1 ?,? 
°p1 ? o ? u ? op ? p ? sdn ?? b ? u poob ...? ou p ? q o ? bu ? ob s ? 
school ... 
is home from school ... boring day ... missing someone ... SOX GOT < PROPFIRST > LACKEY ! CAN'T WAIT TO BOWL WITH < PROPMALE > Fontaine and < PROPFIRST > Ferencek THURSDAY AFTER SCHOOL !!!! 
Tauntaun sleeping bag on Thinkgeek.com! !! Not to mention many other EPICLY , geekily amazing things ! 
still has a slight empty feeling inside ... like something's missing . 
wow ... i'm slow ... I just learned Jumanji was filmed in Keene ... 
is off to bed now ... hoping tomorrows a little less boring and more fun ... Good night facebook ! 
is going to school now ... boring old school ... at least my friends are there and no sick siblings ... 
is off to bed now ... can't wait to go bowling tomorrow with < PROPFIRST > Ferencek and < PROPMALE > Fontaine ... I am assuming that is still going on ... goodnight world ! 
can't wait till Saturday ... early CHRISTMAS !!!! 
PHEW !! FRIDAY TOMORROW !!!! Goin ' to hit the hay now ... can't wait ' till the weekend 
school ... ugh ... at least it's Friday ... Yay !.... 
it's the WEEKEND !!!! YAY !!!! FINALLY !!!! Early Christmas celebration with the whole family tomorrow ... 
had a surprise family gathering today ... tomorrow is yet another ... but celebrating Christmas too ! Can't wait ... going to bed now ... night ! 
is awake early today and is going to go to my aunt's at 8 to begin to celebrate Christmas ... 
owns an Itouch now !!!! 
has free unlimited texting now on his itouch ... 
is going to bed now ... in a decent mood ... very tired though ... 
is going skating tonight at 7 ... anyone else going ? 
is off to go skating soon !!! 
is back from skating ... had an EPIC time ! Can't wait till tomorrow ... gonna put some led zepplin on my itouch ... watching SCRUBS right now !!! JD is the EPICEST !... 
is off to bed now ... good night world ! 
is going to school now ... 3 day week ! Christmas Friday ... yay ! 
is home from school ... only 3 more days till vacation ... yay ! Has had this empty feeling for a while now in me . Gonna put some music on my ipod touch soon ... getting kinda sick of this semester's classes ... can't wait till next semester or UB ... or the spaghetti dinner with UB !!! 
Bbeelzebubs shoulda won ... having a professional music group that does their music for work win over a bunch of college groups that are playing for fun and to entertain is cheap ! BOOO NOTA ! Going to bed now . Can't wait ' till vacation ! 
woke up to my alarm clock saying that a New York Yankee fan was accused of murder after running over a Red Sox fan after he was taunting her about them ... 
home from school ... one more day till vacation ... i'm sick of this paper on depression for Brit . Lit ! Glad it's almost done ... want to < PROPFEMALE > out with friends ... possibly skating Saturday with < PROPMALE > Fontaine and < PROPFIRST > Ferencek ... or bowling ... or both ... wishing love was really easy ... bored right now . Listening to music on my ipod touch ! 
has 23 friends with Pokemon pics for their profile picture . 
The Trial ... by Pink < PROPMALE > ! 
is going to bed now . Missing that feeling of being loved a lot right now ... one more day of school to get through ' till vacation . Good night world ... 
can't wait to go skating with < PROPMALE > Fontaine and < PROPFIRST > Ferencek Saturday ... 
IT'S CRISTMAS < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
is off to bed now ... Christmas < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow ... wishing things were better between us ... it's VACATION !!! I can sleep in now ... YAY ! 
SANTA'S COMING TONIGHT !!! :P I don't like the way love works ... the times you are supposed to be having the most times you miss them the most and can't keep yourself from missing them ... I went a big 22 hours without changing statuses !!! 
now has the sims 3 and Scrubs , my musical on his itouch ... 
watching Scrubs My Musical ! Most EPICEST EPISODE EVER !!! 
ugh ... missing you so much ... you're just not understanding what i'm going through . this is gonna be a long vacation ... still , < PROPFEMALE > Christmas to you and to everyone else ... you know who you are ... going skating tomorrow with friends ... can't wait ! 
got his own ice skates ! Can't wait to try them out ... 
is very bored ... probably babysitting later ... got new skates ... hopefully trying them out monday ... :D 
??? Hello I'm Doctor Kelso , I'm delighted that you came . So the doctors said you fainted and you don't know what's to blame , well put your mind at ease , there's no ill we can't out smart . On the behalf of all the work here ... Welcome to Saaaacrrrred Heeeeaaaarrrrt !??? 
thinks the BUHS spring musical should be Scrubs \My Musical\ " That would be EPICLY AMAZING !!! " 
skating tomorrow and < PROPMALE>'s tuesday ... hopefully skating at the retreat Saturday with < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > too ... maybe gallery walk friday ... < PROPFEMALE>'s for dinner ... litening to some good true rock by the original musicians ... The beatles , led zeppelin and pink < PROPMALE > are da ' bomb ! 
dollar night 7-9 at the rink ... anyone else going ?... 
Actually may not be able skate tonight cause my mom wants to go to a CPR class so i wouldn't have a ride . :( 
wishes you could \like\ " comments on statuses ... " 
Dinner ... be back soon ... 
back ! < PROPMALE > Fontaine please go on chat when you log on . 
is going to < PROPMALE > Fontaine's now ... 
home again ... skating tomorrow . Bored now . 
Mexican food for dinner ... i'm c-c-c-c-c-cold .... sick little sister ... when is this puke thing gonna leave this house ?!?! Glad I have a good immune system ! Chatting with friends and listening to music ... kinda bored ... not as much as usual though ! 
just built a plane hanger out of LEGOs ... 
Trampled Underfoot + Kashmir ... EPIC ! OH YEAH ! 
is skating tomorrow afternoon ... anyone else going then ? 
has a very buisy week end coming up ... skating today ... saturday and twice sunday ! Oh , and gallary walk ! 
is off to the rink ! 
is back from skating ... had a good time ... it's New Year's < PROPFEMALE > !!! Gallery walk tomorrow ... skating again saturday and Sunday ! 
wow , and I thought Ive seen dumb movies ......... my sister is watching ..... the dumbest .... most depressing ..... weirdest ..... that guyshould be embarassed to be alive movie ....... < PROPFIRST > the movie ....... W ...... T ....... F ? 
HAPPY NEW YEAR !!! 
Am I the only person who actualy wants school tomorrow ?! I will not want it once I get there but I do now ! School is where all my friends are ! 
woke up and couldn't feel his had at all ... it was weird ...... school today ...... i hope we don't need to bring the brit lit project that's due tomorrow in today ..... 
is moving on in life ... or at least trying to ... 
is bored ... about to watch some NCIS and NCISLA ... 
OMG ! I really need to catch up on Scrubs season 9 ! 
is off to bed now .. glad he doesn't have that brit lit project to worry about now ... UB REUNION FRIDAY !!!! 
has a yahoo account now ... stephentuna@yahoo.com ... notice the tuna and not < PROPFEMALE > if you add me please ... cause if you don't it will be some random stranger you're adding ... 
hmmmm .... there's a lot of very random statuses tonight ... 
is going to bed now ... almost Friday !!!!!! Yay !!! UB reunion !!!! New classes next week finaly ... much more fun classes and a change in schenery and much warmer with spring approaching ... 
one .... more ..... day ..... to .... go ..... 
facebooking , texting and IMing at the same time ... 
Copy this into your status and see what people rate you . 1 : Crazy . 2:I'd Marry You . 3 : Talkative . 4 : Sarcastic . 5 : Lovable . 6 : Clubhead . 7 : Moody . 8 :D umb . 9 : Spoiled . 10 : Mouthy . 11 : Random . 12 : Hot . 13 : Funny . 14 : Fit . 15 : Amazing . 16 : Tough . 17 : Cute . 18 : Bf/Gf Type . 19 : Player . 20 : The Best . 21 : Freak . 22 : Quiet . 23 : Sexy . 24 : Adorable .... 25 : Annoying . 26 : Rude . Rate Me ! :) 
is going to bed now ... CAN'T WAIT TILL TOMORROW !!!! UB REUNION !!!!! YAY !!!!!! I'M GONNA BE ALL WOUND UP ALL DAY TOMORROW !!!! 
is going to school now ... UB reunion after ... yay ! Can't wait ! 
back from the UB reunion ... had a blast ... WHERE WERE YOU @ < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > ?!?!?! 
is going to bed now ... good night everyone ... had a great time at the reunion despite being tired to the point that everything seemed amusing ... lol ... wondering what i'm doing this weekend ... possibly skating ... or getting my skates sharpened ... or both ... I can't wait till the summer ! 
finally ... the internet works again ... hopefully going skating tonight ... anyone else going ? 
Why the heck am i shivering in the warmest part of the house ?! It's 73 degrees in here and my hands are as cold as ice !!!! 
YAY !!! GOING TO TEXAS OVER APRIL VACATION ! 
is going skating in a bit at the rink ... feeling great right now ... except for this slight cold i may have ... glad we are finally getting new classes nevet semester ! TEXAS IN APRIL !!! I have a fantastic year ahead of me ! I think ... UB is going to be so sad to leave after this summer knowing i will only have one more year to go ... :( but oh well , i'll cope with that when it comes around !... 
ummm .... how do you get a half asleep 8 year old girl o go bck to bed wh is crying for her mommy and when your 5 year old brother is in thier room sleeping and you don't want to wake him ? 
is going to bed now ... had a good day ... dunno what i'm doing tomorrow ... Facebook deffinately ... but i dunno what else ... i mean what i'll be doing later today ... lol 
has eaten finally and is back to his facebookathon now ! 
is now playing Magic against himself ... 
is going to bed now ... school tomorrow . 
hates how dogs feel like they need to pace 5 bazillion times before finding the perfect place to do their business ! We are standing out there in the friggin -2 weather so they can do what ever they need to do and they're sniffing every single smell that finds it's way up their nose ! IT'S JUST A SMELL ! Nothing special ! Just find a place and go ! I don't exactly enjoy waiting 5 minutes for them to find the perfect area ! 
is going to school now ... finals this week ... 
is Facebooking , Yahoo IMing and listening to The Dropkick Murphies ... kinda bored ... chat or Yahoo is good ... 
back from dinner ... burgers ! 
wishes you could \like\ " comments too ! " 
Atomic energy n : energy that can be liberated by changes in the nucleus of an atom ( as by fission of a heavy nucleus or fission of a light nuclei into heavier ones with accompanying loss of mass ) . 
< PROPFIRST > MCGUIRE !!!! STEROIDS !!!! HE FINALLY ADMITS TO IT .... 
is off to bed finally ... 
hasn't found anyone with any of his classes yet ! .... Maybe I'm the only person in my classes ... 
LAST DAY OF CLASSES ! Then new ones ... 
seems to be the only person who actually cares about doing well in school that ISN'T stressing right now about finals ... surprised I'm not ... 
is going to bed now ... only one final tomorrow ... Yay ... two Friday though ... 
one final today ... two more tomorrow ... then a long weekend ! 
done with the Latin final ... two more tomorrow ... 
Aoccdrnig to a rscheearch at Cmabrigde Uinervtisy , it dseno't mtaetr waht oerdr the ltteres in a wrod are , the olny iproamtnt tihng is taht the frsit and lsat ltteer be in the rghit pclae . Tihs is bcuseae the huamn mnid deos not raed ervey lteter by istlef , but the wrod as a wlohe . If you can raed tihs , psot it to yuor wlal . Olny 55% of plepoe can this is an awsome sientific fact thanks zoey ! 
just shocked his dog's nose ... 
\Hey ... < PROPFEMALE > ... you know you're not supposed to be eating your bed ... bed's are to sleep on ... not eat ! \"" 
is off to bed now ... good night everyone ! Only one more day of finals !!!... 
is going to hit the hay now ... skating tomorrow morning ! Pretty good day ... finished finals finally ! 
? (?????) ? Please put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who is an idiot . Idiots affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for stupidity , but we can raise awareness . 
is off to skate ! 
is back from skating ... had an EPIC time ... need plans for the weekend ... 
is having a nice conversation with my dog about why i'm talking to her when she doesn't understand a word i'm saying and eating a turkey pastrami and Monterey < PROPFIRST > cheese bagel sandwich . :) 
is going to bed now ... tomorrow should be fun if it works out ! < PROPMALE > Fontaine ! If you say it doesn't work for you I will die ! 
is going to run around the SIT loop now , bb soon ... 
just got back from running with his dog ... never doing that again ! She just is too hard to run with ! Going to the movies later , bored , listening to Sting on my iTouche right now ! And yes I meant to miss spell iTouch ... 
is catching up on the NCIS's ... 
watching SNL on hulu.com ... 
is off to bed now ... movies tomorrow ... for real this time . Ugh ... i want Springgggg !!!! 
bleh , the least favorite thing I hate about snow ... I have to shovel it ... ( that was weirded kinda wordly .... ) :D 
continuing to watch old snl episodes on hulu.com ... 
Take another ride on the sunshine highway , take another ride try to turn it around ! Take another ride on the sunshine highway , take another ride try to turn around ... tonight ...... 
P-I-Z-Z-A for D-I-N-N-E-R ! Then the movies ! 
is leaving to the movies soon ... be back later ... 
is going to bed now ... great time at the movies with < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > ... no plans tomorrow ... possibly < PROPMALE>'s ... dunno ... 
is home from < PROPMALE>'s ... school tomorrow .... :( New classes though !!! :D 
is watching House on Hulu.com ..... 
just finished watching an episode of Bones ... going to bed sometime soon ... glad to be starting new classes tomorrow ... 
< PROPFEMALE > foxtrot yankee < PROPFIRST > uniform < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > november uniform november < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > november < PROPFEMALE > tango hotel < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > papa yankee < PROPFEMALE > november < PROPFEMALE > papa < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFIRST > yankee < PROPFIRST > uniform < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > tango uniform < PROPFEMALE > ( lets see who ... gets it and follows the instructions ) 
school ............ new classes ... no more Brit . Lit , Geometry or Latin 1 .... :D now Chemistry , SS3 and Latin 2 ........ :/ 
new classes today ... social studies will be fun ... chemistry maybe not so much ... Latin 2 seems much more relaxing than last semester too ! 
is off to bed now ... night everyone ... absolutely hating someone right now ... you'd never guess who ... I don't even know who he is either in fact ... Gonna try to survive another chemistry class tomorrow along with the rest of school ! 
school ...... 
is trying to decide what to write for his status on facebook ... hmmm .... 
going to school .... IT'S FRIDAY !!! 
home from school ... UB < PROPMALE > REUNION TOMORROW AND SUNDAY !!!! CAN'T WAIT !!! 
hate's it when parents take their anger out on their kids when they're sick or annoyed at anything even if it isn't them ! 
is watching bones on hulu.com ... 
is going to bed now ... waking up early to go to the Upward Bound < PROPMALE>'s weekend tomorrow at 9 ! Can't wait ! 
is going to the Upward Bound < PROPMALE>'s Weekend now ! 
finished the pop up practice SAT ... back from the UB < PROPMALE > Reunion ... EPIC TIME !!!!! 
grrr ... I don't like this eye .... Why does it have to get poofy and sore and grrrr !!! 
has all his magic cards out taking some decks apart and making new ones ! 
is watching Bones now ... on hulu ... 
SCHOOL TODAY .... no delay .... 
Grrrrrrr .... have to type of one of the two formal lab reports of the semester for Chemistry class on Wednesday ... >:( 
is watching Bones on Hulu once again ... 
is off to bed now ... school tomorrow ... I am not liking Chemistry too much ..... gonna survive it though ... 
is going to school now ... grrr .... I don't wanna finish my formal lab report today ! :( 
grrr .... lab reports ..... 
finished the formal lab report ! phew ! Now to do the discussion for a different lab ... very bored ... 
PHEW !!! Finished my Chemistry homework finally ! 
Bones ! 
is going to bed ... 
is off to school now .... 
chicken fajitas ! 
is watching Bones , NCIS and NCIS LA ! Best s shows ever ! 
just finished the most recent Scrubs episode , now that I'm completely caught up with the recent Bones episodes , NCIS , NCIS LA and Scrubs i'm going to bed ... skating Saturday morning with friends !!!! 
tie for School ....................... Bleh ...... 
is not liking the snow or ice any more ... unless i'm skating on it ... 
playing Magic against myself ... skating Saturday morning with < PROPMALE > Fontaine ! Haven't skated in forever it seems ...! Like a few weeks ... 
is going to bed now ... Skating Saturday morning with < PROPMALE > Fontaine and friends !! :D 
two sick siblings now ... great .... going skating with < PROPMALE > tomorrow morning though ... 
misses the old < PROPMALE > elodeon ... with Pinky and the Brain , Catdog , < PROPMALE > , Hey < PROPMALE > , Recess and all those REAL ORIGINAL < PROPMALE > shows .... :\\ 
GGGGGGRRRRRRRRRRRR !!!!! Something spiky is in between my gum and cheek and I can't get it !! It's driving my crazy !!!! Like a popcorn kernel shell thing ... but i haven't eaten popcorn recently .... RAWR !!!!!! 
is going to teen night ayt the boys and girls club soon ... 
is back from the boy's and girl's club ... skating tomorrow morning ... 
' s dog was shivering and wining when she came in from the outdoors ... :( ....... she's fine now :) ... going to bed now and skating in the morning ! 
is off to < PROPMALE>'s then going skating this morning ! 
rocking out to led zeppelin !!! No plans tomorrow .... two sick siblings here at home ... hiding in my room downstairs from them so i don't get sick ... :\\ 
COMCASTIC = Dumb ; destruction causing ; full of errors ; causes people to get pissed ; horrible . -Noun : Comcast = something that really annoys you and ruins EVERYTHING ! Webster dictionary should seriously consider putting this into their dictionary for 2011 ! 
grrrrr ... why are so many of my friend's changing their names on facebook ?! This is confusing ! 
is wondering why his dog smells like Chinese food right now .... 
is going to bed now ... no plans tomorrow ... 
Ahhhhh .... 12 hours of sleep ! 
bleh ...... bored ..... 
is gonna get a < PROPFIRST > Clooney hairstyle early sometime this week ... 100% serious . 
HAHAHAHAHAHA !!!!!!!! < PROPFEMALE > Montana is done for ! Last season ! Who didn't see that coming ? 
is off to bed now ! School tomorrow ... < PROPFIRST > Clooney haircut in a couple days ... 
is going to school now ... grrrr ... can't wait till february vacation ! 
is waiting for someone from his chemistry class to log on so I can ask a question about homework .... 
now , officially HATES CHEMISTRY !!!!! ARGH !!!!!! 
Why does she feel like she has to torture us with all these pre-labs and discussions ? Finally finished after my dad helped explain it and after i wrote a couple pages explaining this horrificly long equation for < PROPFEMALE > T , Calories , grams , joules and other annoyingly head throbbing concepts ! Who came up with these ideas ?! They must have really had absolutely no life at all ! 
is going to bed now after tackling and beating his chemistry homework finally ... ugh ... only monday ...... 
doesn't have a lot of homework tonight ! 
is getting a haircut today at 4 I think ... according to my dad ... so ... no more shaggy hair ... instead possibly a < PROPFIRST > Clooney cut ... or what ever the barber thinks would fit best for me ... 
got a haircut ! Lookin ' better now ! Clooney style ( don't quite look like him though ... I don't gel my hair and i'm not 49 ) ... 
is going to watch ncis la ... 
Bed ... school again tomorrow ... new haircut though ! 
going to School now ...... oh and did the groundhog see his shadow ? 
grrrrrrrr ..... Chemistry ...... nothing else though for homework .... but Chemistry .... yugh ! I knew I shoulda taken Chem-com ! 
wants to watch the Three Amigos now ... :D 
phew ... just finished about 2 hours of Chemistry homework ... 
is going to bed now ... maybe gallery walk Friday ... if I can ... therefore the boys and girls club too ... 
is off to school ... hope we don't have much Chemistry homework tonight given that we hate our first test tomorrow ... 
dinner ... gallery walk tomorrow .... then skating Saturday hopefully !.... 
whoa , whoa whoa whoa ! Did facebook seriously just change their set up again ?!!! 
hmmm ... will take a while to get used to this new facebook set-up .... :\\ anyone else have a new set up ?... it offered facebook lite after the change ... 
is wondering why there are so many deffinition for mousse ... there's the pudding type ... the gel and animal ... and there's the plural of what cow do which is moo ... ( moos ) 
is watching house on hulu ... 
grrrrr ..... chemistry test tomorrow .......... 
is on \becoming fan of many groups\ " spree " 
is going to bed now ... guess this new Facebook setup isn't too bad ... chemistry and Latin test tomorrow ... then gallery walk tomorrow evening and the boys and girls club ! Anyone else going ? 
FRIDAY !!!! Gallery walk tonight ... school and a Chemistry test first though .... :\\ 
is wondering why people are doing all these < PROPFIRST > things right now ... Valentines day isn't for another ... oh .... february 14th .... got it ... nvm ... 
s going to gallery walk and the Boys and Girls club soon ! Gonna be downtown ' till 9 ... 
is back from the boys&girls club ... skating tomorrow morning ! 
going to bed now ... skating in the morning ! 
thinks it's funny how he knows when his door is open or closed without even looking at it when it is behind him ... I think it has something to do with the wind circulation in my room ....... going skating in a bit ! 
is home ... tortellini for dinner ... 
doesn't exactly enjoy seeing that people have become fans of such and such on his wall really ... because then I have to become a fan of it too ! Sooo addicting ... 
just woke up from a small nap using my dog as a pillow ... best dog ever ! 
is going to bed now ... no plans tomorrow .... gonna be kinda boring ... :\\ 
grrrrr !..... can't ..... resist ..... becoming .... fan ..... of ..... fan pages .... and .... groups !! 
home from keene ! 
chicken and Mr. Loaf for Dinner ... 
1 more month till spring training !!!!!! Lets go Sox !!!! 
fishy has died , but we replaced him with Killer . 
is going to bed now ... school tomorrow ... baa humbug ! 
grrrr ... facebook chat ! Why aren't you working well ?!?!?! 
Comcastic = All that is utter shit in reliability and quality . Mainly focusing on but not limited to : a certain cable company who happens to repair its internet servers every 20 minutes , causing users to become mentally insane within hours ; who also rarely broadcasts decent movies on its 900+ channels ( only 100 or so of which are accessible without paying $200/mo ) 
school ... bleh ... only Tuesday ...... 
chicken pot pie , bacon quiche for dinner :) ... chemistry Hw ..... :\\ 
YES ! Done with my Chemistry essay finally !!! 
Wtf is this thing that pops up saying \You cannot select a birthday that indicates you are under 18 years old . Please contact us for assistance . \ " when you try to save your basic info after changing it if you're under 18 ? " 
is going to bed now ... humph school tomorrow ... yet again ... 
wow ! < PROPFIRST > Leno was fired from the < PROPFIRST > Leno Show on it's finale ? Harsh ... 
school .... >:( 
whoa ! What is this animal that has replaced my dog ? A long legged , short tailed 45 pound rat that has some type of suffocating perfume on ? 
hmmm ... should I keep the goatee or get rid of it and start fresh ?... 
augh !!! I just got my eyeball licked by my dog ! My ninja poodle who can quietly sneak up to me and lick my eye giving me no time to fight back ! :P 
is feeling old ..... lol 
off to bed now .... night everyone ! SNOW DAY TOMORROW hopefully !!! 
morning .... one more day until the weekend after today ... finaly ! 
Friday finally !!! One more day ' till the weekend ! 
humph ! Bored ... anyone feeling like chatting ? 
ahhh ... damnit ! Gotta do some chemistry questions .... :\\ 
hates when I about to click on someone who is online under the chat box but as soon as I bring chat up or right before i click send they go offline ! 
is going to bed now .... FRIDAY tomorrow finally !!!! 
WEEKEND FINALLY !!!! Skating possibly Saturday morning ... 
is trying to dicide if he should skate tonight or tomorrow .... or i could maybe if my mom says ok , go to the boys and girls club tonight and skate tomorrow ... hmmm ... 
is going to the boys & girls club soon ... skating tomorrow ... 
back from the boys & girls club . 
:'( UB is gonna be sooo different this summer .... Why duo why ? Why do you have to leave ?! Off to bed ... skating in the morning ... 
is off to free skating soon ... then the putney diner with fdam and possibly the colonial ! 
is back from the rink ... going to the colonial to swim soon ! 
back from swimming at the colonial ... going to Panda North for dinner ! 
OMG !!! I can't wait till this summer !!! UB is sooo far away ... 4 MONTHS !! Grrrr ... this is gonna be such a long spring waiting !!! 
hmmmm ... after I eat a banana I always crave pretzels ... listening to U2 ! 
copter is an addicting game ... got 1223 so far ... dinner soon ... so bored ... 
IS GONNA KILL HIS COMPUTER !!!! WTF ?!?! WHY CAN'T DUMB OLD COMCAST NOT WORK WELL FOR 3 DAYS STRAIGHT ?!?!?! I HATE COMCASTIC COMPANIES !!! 
watching NCIS LA ! 
' s leg is twitching ....... wierd ..... 
bed , night everyone ! 
is off to bed now ... night everyone ! Hopefully a snowday tomorrow ! 
NO SCHOOL !!!! 
grrr ... school tomorrow ... it would be a great schedual if I didn't have chemistry in it ... bored ... anyone feel like chatting ? 
is going to bed now ... school tomorrow ... :\\ 
is going to school ... can't wait ' till vacation next week ! 
home ... bleh ... only two more days ' till vacation ... 
Who is going to Upward Bound this summer ? Like this status or comment on it if you are ... I'm just wondering ... I know of some people but not all ... :D 
is off to bed now ... Thursday tomorrow ... then Friday ... then ... VACATION !!! 
wants vacation already ... or at least Friday ! School in 30 < PROPFEMALE > ... 
one more day ' till vacation !!!... seeing the play tomorrow ... 
67 more school days ' till summer vacation not including finals !!! 
is watching scrubs : my musical on my itouch ! Best episode ever ! lol definitely need to have that as a school musical for BUHS ! That , would be amazing ! LMFAO ! 
is going to bed now ... FINALLY FRIDAY TOMORROW !!! THEN VACATION !!!!! Going to see the play tomorrow . 
grrr ! WTF I hate my boots ! They just gave me a blister on my ankle ... or maybe I hate my blister prone ankles ... saw the play last night ... it was awesome ! 
just got back from another long walk ... got quite muddy ... walked allllll the way to the end of a steep curvy road that branched off of black mountain road by the name of , I think , Fox Farm Road and then back home again . 
is going to the boys and girls club soon ... 
bleh ...... B-O-R-E-D ! This vacation is gonna be .... EEEEEEEEEEPPPPPPPPPPIIIIIIIIIICCCCCCCCCC !!!!!!!!!! Even though I have no real plans at all .... 
is off to bed now ... VACATION !!! 
hmmmm .... what to do today ....... 
is going bowling ... 
hmmm ... a spam , BBQ and lettuce sandwich ..... not the tastiest of foods ..... especially when you know the ingredients and nutrition facts ... but good .... 
NOOOO !!!! My dog just punched me in the forehead ... on purpose .... :\\ I am soooo bored .... I refused my dog's invitation to box though ... 
I JUST LOST THE GAME !!!!!!! Which means ...... everyone who just read this lost the game as well .... Mwahahahahaaaaa ! Mwahahahahaaaa !...... I WIN ! 
Wow ... I put my itouche on shuffle and it went right to the song I was going to set it to if it didn't go to it on shuffle !... :D ... and yes I meant itouche and not itouch ... sounds cooler ... 
10 more days of the not Red Sox obsessed me ... then spring training begins !!!!! 
grrrr ! Why does facebook have to have so many errors !!! I lost the game !!!! Pizza with indian veggie burger on top for dinner !!! 
has a sudden urge of needing to watch the three Amigos !!!! 
is going to bed now ... wonder what is going on tomorrow ... don't exactly want to be on facebook all day again ... :\\ 
has a really sore back , arms and legs for some unknown reason ....... hmmm ... could be from all that walking I did two days ago but that wouldn't explain my arms ... still no plans for vacation ... need some ... or else I'll be on facebook all the time ... lol ... 
is back from Hannafords ... pad Thai for dinner ... 
I LOST THE GAME again ... hmmm ... maybe I'll watch the three Amigos again ... lol ... so < PROPMALE > Fontaine you just lost the game again too ... MWAHAHAHAHAAA !!!!! 
hmmm ... I am trying to dicide if I should get rid of the whole goatee and start fresh or not ... I'm kinda tempted ... but it would take a while to grow back ... hmmm ... so I think since I can't decide ... I will have people vote ... 
ok , I think , unless someone says anything now ... I will be back to my old , younger , no goatee self by tomorrow morning ! 
good bye goatee and ' stash ! The old < PROPFIRST > is back ... but still looking older than the old < PROPFIRST > . 
doesn't like how every time someone says something on someone's wall or every time you do a social interview thing or anything like that it goes up so everyone who is one of your facebook friends can see it ...... :\\ 
is going to bed now ... goodnight everyone ! 
NO ! SNOW ONLY CAN COME DOWN ON SCHOOL DAYS AND ONLY IF IT CAUSES A SNOW DAY !! BAD SNOW ! BAD ! Spring better be on it's way ...... I want to be able to go outside without boots and coats and still be warm !! ARG !!! 
just got back from a walk down black mountain and fox farm road ... driving down that road must be like a death sentance with all that ice and mud ! Going to keene now ... 
just downloaded a bunch more music onto his Itouch ! Yay ! Humph ! I need plans for vacation !!!! I can't be stuck here in my room on facebook all week ! Well , I could ... but it would be veeeerrrrry boring .... 
is going to bed now ... wonder what I'm gonna be doing tomorrow ... besides facebook ..... 
in from a bunch of shoveling ... this is some snow ... had to go get my dog who escaped too ... ( she heads right to the road and waits for cars to < PROPMALE > ... ) but I'm done now ! :D 
OK , WHERE IS SPRING ?!?!?!!!! I need warm weather !!!! I'm getting really sick of this cold , wet , white stuff that's been falling from the sky lately !!! 
Humph ! I can't wait for summer ... no more snow and I can go outside without having to put on winter stuff to be warm and ... there is not nearly as much mud ... :\\ 
listening to Sting ! Kinda boring snow storm ... stuck at home cause of the snow and I don't want to go out into the cold ... 
homemade bacon quiche , homemade squash pie ( basicaly pumpkin pie ) and sweet potatoes for dinner ! Along with some other random stuff ... grrrr ! I have to shovel again ?!?!?! 
is listening to the band where all these old guys are always wearing tights ! lol Worst look ever ... 
it is 9:11 right now .... I look at the clock at that time every day .... it's weird ..... and kinda creepy .... 
Goon Squad !! 
is off to bed ! Hopefully a new foot of snow doesn't greet me tomorrow morning ... or else there will be some blood shed ! The snow's blood that is ! 
is up ...... eewww rain now ..... at least it washes the snow away ..... 
grrrrr ! Mom is using the excuse \ ... because we are weak and you are strong\ " ( referring to her and my little siblings ) again ... for the reason why I have to shovel the back porch ... if that is true then maybe they should shovel the porch to get stronger ! I will ... later when it isn't raining ... " 
Ugh ... I want dryer weather !... I need to get out of this house to do something fun ! 
5+ more days of vacation .... skating some time ... 
Dinner ..... pork chops ... 
is about to watch food inc ... 
is going to bed now ... goodnight world ! 
anyone who wants to know some interesting true facts about meat look at my most recent note ! 
hmmm ... what to do , what to do ..... 
is off to bed ! 
hmmm ... gah ! So far today has been pretty boring ...... hmmm ... need plans for today and the day tomorrow ... 
just finished building playmobile structures ... going outside for a bit ... ( being forced to ) 
is going to swim at the colonial pool soon ! 
grrr ! Pirate language is confusing ! I click the wrong buttons on facebook ! hmmm ... I'll learm eventually how what is what though ... 
GGAAARRR !!! I want UB now !!! This is gonna be a long 3 1/2 months till UB ..... 
is going to kill his computer !!! IT IS SLOWER THAN A BANANA SLUG !!! And they go 3.3 inches an hour !!!! 
B-O-R-E-D spells ..... something that I am right now .... thus I am making this status out of boredum and feeling slightly tired so I may go to bed soon ... unless that is I suddenly find something interesting to do on facebook or someone to chat with or my fing computer quits being as slow as a banana slug ... Seeing Avatar tomorrow , that's been in theater foer which seems like forever ... so it must be really good ... 
going to bed ... :\\ 
hmmmm .... what to do today until 6:30 ish ... there's facebook ... and ... ummm ... 
Turkey Pastrami and monterejack cheese bagel for lunch ! 
bleh ! Just took my dog out to train her and for her to play and used chicken giblets as a treat ... now I can't get the repulsive stench off my hands even after washing my hands twice ... ICK ! 
garlic an ' a cheesy tortellini and broccoli for dinner , movies later , I'ma feelin ' mya italiano heritage ! -in Italian accent- 
back from the movie ... had an great time ! Avatar = Total EPICNESS ! 
is going for a walk ... 
is watching this last summer's UBer news ... Ah ... that was amazing ... can't wait till this summer ... when there's NO snow ... warm air ... no mud ... no school ... and UBer friends all around ! 
* sigh * School tomorrow .... which means I better finish my Chemistry homeworks ... well , at least I get to see my friends again and don't have to be bored at home on facebook all day ... instead I get to be bored at school in class ... :( 
?? \<PROPMALE>'s Army is here to stayyy ... < PROPMALE>'s army are on their wayyy ... and I would rather be anywhere else but here today ! \ " ?? ........ Pizza for dinner !!! " 
is off to bed and is finally done with his chemistry homework ! 
Ugh ..... school .... :( 
SPRING TRAINING !!!!! FIRST GAME TODAY !!! Sox played against 2 colleges and obviously destroyed them 13-0 but the first mlb game was today , Mets won against the Braves ... 
margaritas for dinner ! 
going to < PROPFEMALE>'s for dinner now ! Not having margaritas for dinner ... that would not only be against the law but would also not be very filling only being a drink and all ... 
gah !!! I hit my funny bone on the car door like 2 hours ago and it's still feeling funny ... well , not too funny ... more sore ... :( 
hates his computer and it obviously hates him back ! >:( ... And after declaring this anger enriched statement I bid you all a good night and hopefully my computer feels friendlier in the morning ! Damn AIM and Facebook not working well ! 
is off to school ... 
babysitting from 4ish till 9:30 or 10 : ish tonight ... fun fun fun ... :\\ 
is off to bed now ... FRIDAY tomorrow !!! YAY then the weekend ! half day Thursday next week and the week after half day Thursday and no school Friday !!! 
Wait ! Before I go to bed does anyone want to meet up at gallery walk tomorrow ? If not I'll just < PROPFEMALE > out at the boys and girls club ... 
school .... :( gallery walk and the boys and girls club tonight ! Weekend tomorrow !!! :D 
YAY !!! WEEKEND !!! Gallery walk later ! Does anyone want to meet up ? 
is going to gallery walk soon ! 
is back from gallery walk and the B&G club ! 
is going to the rink soon ... gonna skate ! For the last time this season ... :( 
french toast and bacon for dinner ! 
bleh ... what should I do tomorrow ? Anyone want to make plans or meet up somewhere or something ? 
is off to bed now ... I NEED PLANS FOR TOMORROW !!! Anyone want to < PROPFEMALE > ? 
ok , so I need plans for today ... besides facebook ... 
WTF IS THIS SIMS STUFF ?!?! I GO TO IT TO SEE WHAT IT IS CAUSE I GET TAGGED AND SUDDENLY IT CREATES 5 TRILLION PHOTOS OF MINE WITH MY FRIENDS TAGGED ?!?! WTF IS THIS ? 
ok . Everything's better now ... the sims application thing , I have gotten rid of ... for now ... damn annoying automatically-posting-when-you go-to-it-app-thingy ! I hate those ! And I can't block it under privacy on my account ! 
just got home from walking my dog and before I can even put the leash away she vomits twice ... 
Tacos for dinner !! Ugh ... more school tomorrow ... :( 
RED SOX ! RED SOX ! RED SOX ! RED SOX ! RED SOX ! RED SOX ! BEST MLB TEAM EVER !!! SPRING TRAINING HAS BEGUN !!! SOX/YANKS GAME IN MAY ! 27 DAYS , 23 HOURS and 15 MINUTES UNTILL THE FIRST SOX GAME OF THE REGULAR SEASON !!! EEEEEPPPPPIIIIICCCCC !!!!! 
HOLY crap ! 60 friends online right now ! 
bed .... school ... facebook ... I NEED SUMMER ... LIKE , RIGHT NOW ! >:( 
is not going to get on facebook once tomorrow !... or at least if i remember not to ... 
going to bed now ... be back on Facebook on Tuesday ! 
going to bed ... 
is going to school now ... :\\ 
Nomar has retired in a Boston Red Sox uniform ! Now gonna broadcast on ESPN ! 
school ......... half day though !! :D 
is in the library with < PROPMALE > Fontaine and < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ... waiting for parent teacher conferences ... SKIING TOMORROW AT BIRK MOUNTAIN ON MY \DAY OFF \"!" 
is off to bed ... skiing tomorrow at Burk mountain ! 
going to burk mountain soon ... 
off to bed ... skiing was fun ... dunno what i'm doing this weekend ... 
going swimming soon at the colonial ! :D 
hmmmm ..... EPIC ! Burgers for dinner ... swam laps at the colonial ... need plans for tomorrow ... 
is going to the boys and girls club ... be back a little after 9 ... :D 
is home from the club ! 
is off to bed ... setting the clocks forward tonight ... well , 2 am is when the time's supposed to be set forward but i'm not staying up ' till then ... so we get to lose an hour of sleep tonight ... 
how dare the clocks lie to me ! It is not 12:30 ! I know it is 11:30 ! Damn this moving time forward and back invention ! 
is catching up on Bones ... damn I've missed a lot ! 
Bedtime ... 3 1/2 day weekend this week ... then the UB retreat weekend !!!! YAY ! 
school ... 3 1/2 day week though ... 
chemisrty homework ... 
' s dog is snoring ... 
is going to bed now ... in an unusually FANTEPIC mood ... no clue why ... just am ... gonna POWN in Latin tomorrow during the end of the Jeopardy game ... and gonna learn more about the curious case of the JFK assassination and the interesting conspiracies behind it ! 2 1/2 more days of school this week ! Then the UB weekend !!!! YAY ! 
found his secret service shades ! Booya ! 
is going to bed now ... hmmm ... not much coming up ... except ... UPWARD BOUND RETREAT WEEKEND !!! THAT IS GONNA BE ABSOLUTELY FANTEPIC DUDE !!!!!!!!!!!! 
hmmm ... it's Saint < PROPFIRST>'s day ! Wearing green ... don't think I'm < PROPFEMALE > though ... mainly just Italian and French Canadian ... but w/e ... corned beef for dinner ... school ... and ... 1/2 day tomorrow !!! 
hmmm ... back from a walk with my dog ... 1/2 day tomorrow !!! YAY !!! 
hmmm ... bored .... what to do .... anyone feel like chatting bring up the chat ! 
anyone else on skype ? 
bed time ... half day tomorrow ... Yay ! Then the UB sleep over saturday !!!!! 
grr ... google chrome ! Why won't you work ?! Ugh ... sore throat ... :( half day today though ! 
is going for a walk ... it's quite warm out ! WEEKEND !!!! UB REUNION THINGY SATURDAY !!!! 
PIZZA ............................... Yum ! 
is back from a 15 mile walk with < PROPMALE > Fontaine ... 4 hours and 20 minutes ... :D ... Burgers for dinner ! 
is going to Upward Bound Retreat Weekend soon !!! 
just got home ... love UB !!!! Best people EVER !!! :D 
is going for a walk ... be back in an hour ... 
it's 9:11 !... The time I always look at the clock at ..... :\\ 
going to finish chemistry and then go to bed now ... school tomorrow ... :\\ ; 
school ....... ): 5 day week too .... D= 
hmmm ... french toast and bacon for dinner ! Kinda bored ........ 
school .... :\\ 
is off to bed ... hopefully this cold is gone soon ... it feels better already ... goodnight evil mind controling world of facebook ! :P 
school now ... woke up 45 minutes later than usual ... 
going for a walk ... be back in an hour ... taking the SATs May 1st ... 
is going to school ... FRIDAY !!! YAY !!! 
good facebook ! 
weekend !! Wonder what I'm doing today ... 
is juggling to pass time ... yes , that's right , I said juggling . 
hmmm ... 
is raking and doing yard work ... :\\ ... < PROPFEMALE > food for dinner ! :D 
bed time !.. more yard work tomorrow I think ... maybe some driving too ... 
EPIC is my trademarked word now ! So no one else can use it unless you get a written consent by me ! Same goes for my Fantepic ! :P lol 
I LOST THE GAME .................... 
RED SOX YANKEES HOME OPENER EASTER AT 8 !!!! YAY !!! 
has been trying to explain to his computer for the past 5-10 minutes why it does have wi-fi because the wi-fi detector and computer said it had 11.0 mbps of connection and because the motem upstairs is always connected therefore it always has wi-fi ... finally it understood but it really likes to get me going .... Damn comcastic Comcast ! 
-sigh- :D almost the weekend ....... only ... hmmm .... 3 more days ... :\\ maybe it's not almost the weekend ...... but anyways ... gonna be a busy one !!! So ... not a ton of time of being on facebook . 
after tomorrow .... 4 days of 70 degree < PROPFEMALE > weather in a row !!!! Then some rain and in the 50s and 60s after that for a few days ... 
-sigh- love is so confusing ... 
a bunch of warm sunnyish days coming up !!! YAY !!! :D 
O.o It's gonna be April fools day on the day I have a Chemistry test ... I wonder if it will actually happen .... hmmmm ... well , I'm off to bed ! nice warm days coming up ! Yay !!!!! 
where the heck did all my socks go ?!?!?!?!?! Is this some April fools joke ?! 
school ... Chemisty test today ... APRIL FOOLS DAY !!! 
is going for a walk ... nice warm and < PROPFEMALE > out !!!! Yay !!! 
back from the walk ... pizza for dinner ... Friday tomorrow ... 
grr ! I'm sick of this searching for the right girl thing ... Gonna have to just do the hardest thing possible ... wait ... and see where life takes me ... 
is off to bed now ... warmth finally ! Weekend coming up ... 
It's FRIDAY !!!! WEEKEND TOMORROW !!! :D School first though .... :\\ 
is going to Texas in ... 2 weeks !!! :D EPIC !!! Ten it's my 18th B-day on may 4th ... mom's b-day today and little brother's tomorrow ... then easter sunday ... then Red Sox/Yankees box seats the weekend after my B-day ... busy month ahead ! Oh ... and SATs on may 1st ... 
Avast ! I be speakin ' in pirate tongue on ye old Facebook ! And I be likin ' it ! 
is extremely bored so is going to start talking to everyone who is on facebook right now ... and I mean everyone ... yes I'm that bored ... cause why be friends with people on facebook when you never talk to them ? 
hmmm .... I think I'd like to move to Canada when I live on my own ... possibly ... out in north western canada ... where it isn't terribly cold ... but isn't extremely hot ... eh ? I am 50% French Canadian ... 
is off to bed ..... weekend ... YAY ! 
haircut today ??? Possibly ???? The clooney cut again ???? maybe ?.... Possibly like < PROPFIRST > Parent's hair cut ... maybe not though ... that would be pretty extreme ..... lol < PROPFIRST > Mayhew ... I think I'm gonna fall down laughing Monday ... it's gonna be EPIC !!!! =D 
is going to bed now ... gonna be a warm easter !! YAY ! 72ish degrees again ! gonna be a fun day ! 
EPIC day today ! school tomorrow ...... * sigh * .... that sucks ...... a whole nother week of boringness ... than another .... but then .... April vacation !!! Which means ... TEXAS !!! 
RED SOXC YANKEES !!!! OPENING NIGHT !!! ONCE AGAIN ... A GOOD OLD SOX WIN ... THE YANKEES PITCHING STAFF SUCKS SO MUCH COMPARED TO THE SOX's ... :P Only comment on this by the way please if you are a Sox fan ... 
8-7 sox !!! booya ! what now ?! 
9-7 Sox , final score ! Goodnight Yankees ! Pap's shuts , them , down ! And good night facebook ! And the Sox season is on it's way ... with a positive outlook as well ! The Yankees though ... not so much ..... :P 
done with Chemistry !!! Hmmm ... bleh ! :P 
school ... not Monday at least ... supposed to be 80 today ... and 85 degrees tomorrow !!!! I have to be stuck in school though ! 
grrrrr !!!!! WHY HECK WON'T YWP LET ME LOG ON ON MY COMPUTER ?!?!??! 
is going to bed now ... school again tomorrow ... gonna be warm too ! 84 degrees ... 
little bro's throwing up ... but in other friendlier news ... It's 85 degrees out and feeling like summer !! YAY ! 
to bed I go ! 2 more days left to the week ... then one more week till vacation ! YAY ! 
ahhh ... no homework ... how relaxing ... ultimate Frisbee on Mondays and Thursdays too now ... once I get drafted at least . 
' s dog is barking in her sleep ... I think she's having a nightmare .. lol 
FRIDAY !!!! One more week ' till .... TEXAS !!!! School first though ... :\\ 
Sox win 8-3 !!! Need plans for tomorrow ... 
Bed now ... no plans tomorrow ... except facebook and the usual walk with the dog ... possibly have a friend over ... I dunno ... 
just got back from bowling with the fam ...... 
OMG !!! I haven't watched mythbusters in forever !!! I gotta see if they have it on hulu.com ... :D 
SNL !! 
wtf ... are all the bands that snl has come play that aren't really famous absolutely horrendous ?!?!... 
wrote yet another poem ! People asked me to ... so I did ... so it's under my notes ... as soon as I finish with this status at least ... :P 
Needs to find a job ... 
beans and rice for dinner !!! oh ... and I ... just ... lost ... the ... game ..... :P Haha . 
absolutely positively HATES Chemistry ! It's like a big mosquito buzzing around you waiting for the perfect time to dive in to stab you with it's sharp poking thingy ! :P AIM sucks ! It never has and still doesn't work on my computer ! 
is off to bed ... bleh . 
breakfast for dinner !!! 
1 MORE DAY OF SCHOOL ' TILL VACATION !!!! YAY !!!! TEXAS MONDAY !!! 19 more days of being 17 ... 
can't wait for tomorrow !!! Gonna be FANTEPIC ! Ice cream party in chemistry ... movies in latin and social studies ... then vacation and Texas ! YAY ! =D 
who else plays the notorious Game called The Game ? ... cause you just kinda lost it ..... :P 
bed ... friday tomorrow ... then vaca ... staying after school tomorrow possibly ... gonna watch the jv boys baseball game ... anyone else gonna stay ? 
SPRING BREAK !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Is watching the sox and on his ITouche ! Mexican food for dinner !!!!!!!! 
is off to bed ... rain delay in the middle of the ninth inning ?! Really ?! Baby sitting my sibs 9- 3:30 tomorrow ... :/ Then hopefully hanging out with < PROPMALE > Fontaine ! TEXAS MONDAY !!! 
furnace isn't working ... = no hot water or heat ... 
can't find the charging chord for his Itouch anywhere ! 
blasting springsteen , led zeppelin , costello , dropstick murphies and U2 and Sting and baby sitting the sibs ... 
wrote another EPICLY long poem ! 
is off to bed now . TEXAS IN 2 DAYS !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Anybody know which BIUFL team I'm on ? 
Bored ... feels like chatting with people . 
is going to bed now ... TEXAS TOMORROW !!! YAY !!! Poor < PROPFEMALE > ( my dog ) has to be away from her companion ( me ) for 5 days and have no one to throw frisbees or walk her . :( At least she'll have the outside to enjoy and my room to sleep in when we're gone ... But yay !!! Texas ! :D 
is going for a walk with my dog before the plane ride to Texas ! :D 
How many of us really know everybody on our FB friend list ? Here is a task for you .... I want all of my FB friends to post how they met me . After you comment , copy this to your status . You will be amazed at the responses you get . 
is off to Texas in 20 minutes !!! Well ... off to harford and the airport at least . =D 
Is at the lakehouse in burnet texas ! Returning to Vermont late saturday night ... Just got back from the longhorn cavern . 
Is leaving Texas Tomorrow ... Going to San < PROPFIRST > later and tomorrow to the San < PROPFIRST > zoo before we fly back to VT ... 
Is baby sitting 5 cousins and siblings for a couple hours when my parents and aunt and uncle go out to eat ... Leaving from san < PROPFIRST > to go back to vt tomorrow evening . 
Is going to the Zoo soon then back to VT ... plane leaves at 4:30 ... 
Is in the san antono airport getting ready for the flight back at 4:30 ... 
Is about to board so ill be back on late tonight or in the morning ... 
Finally hpme again ... Off to bed now . 
WhaT IS THIS ?!?! YOU CAN'T BECOME A FAN OF ANYTHING ANYMORE ?!?! YOU HAVE TO \LIKE THEM ? THAT'S BS ! WHAT ARE THEY THINKING ?! " 
School tomorrow .... wanting to see friends again ... not really wanting classes though ... SAT s Saturday and my b-day the Tuesday after that ! 
NCIS and Bones !!! 
is off to bed ... have to wake up at 6:00 AM tomorrow again for school ... :( gonna be able to see friends though finally !!! YAY ! :D 
-sigh- .... school ........... 
awwwwww .... my dog is having a nightmare barking in her sleep ... ;D 
bed ... night folks ! 
looks like he's 17 again . :P :D 
what to do , what to do ... 
BONES !!!! 
sox win 2-1 ! Buckholtz goes 8 innings of 1 run ball ! Ya < PROPMALE > !!! 
Feelsa lika chatting witha human being through facebook . 
knows a bunch of < PROPMALE > s ... lol :D < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > Fontaine , < PROPMALE > Stohr , < PROPMALE > ?? Sidler , < PROPMALE > jamin Tuttle , my little brother , two of his friends , one of his friend's dads what a popular name ! You should create a group just for < PROPMALE > s on facebook ! :D 
Ya < PROPFIRST > and Bard ! 1 hit , 11 k's , 119 pitches , 2 walks and 7 innings for < PROPFIRST > and 1 hit and 3 ks in the eigth for bard ! now we can shut them down with paps in the ninth 2-0 ! Booya !!! 
off to bed now . Good night virtual world of Facebook ! :D 
BIUFL at 5:30 ! 
is back from BIUFL ! won 16-10 or something like that . 
bed time ... Biufl was fun ... another game Monday at 6:45 ... that's gonna be a good game vs . tiedye ! Two of the best teams ! 
Chromeo . 
do you want to go for a ...... WALK ?!?! -loud excited barking and ecstatic jumping around immediately afterwards by my dog- :D be back in an hour-ish 
oh ..... boy . SATs .... the < PROPMALE>'s . 
Is back from the SATs that was funnn ... at < PROPMALE>'s now ... 
home from < PROPMALE > Fontaine's ... EPIC ! Maybe you'll actually have a < PROPMALE > to go back to UB now ! SAT's weren't at all as bad as the practice SATs were with UB ! Oh , ya ... anybody else on G-mail that wants to add me ? I got google talk and only one person to talk to ... I also have yahoo ... but i have lot's of friends on yahoo ! :D 
Hopes it rains soon ... But only rain no lightning because that would mean no biufl ... Biufl in the torential downpour would be EPIC though ... 
YEAH ! BIUFL : Blue beats tie-dye 15-13 in overtime !!!! 
turning the big 18 tomorrow !!!! Kinda tired from the EPIC BIUFL game ... 
18 today ! 
B-day dinner was ..... well , me sitting alone in the dark dinning room eating some cold steak and pasta salad ... damn power outage ! lol 
Is going to the red sox angels game soon ! 
Nomar Garciaparra was officially retired as a Red Soclk as of last night , the game I went to , Sox won 3-1 . Working on 4 1/2 hours of sleep today ! Chemistry test and BIUFL game today ! Worth it though ! ( the sox game that is ! ) 
off to BIUFL soon ... playing the yellow team . 
Blue team is 3-0 now ... 
wants to go to gallery wallk but can't unless I can find a ride back . 
got back from gallery walk ... time for bed now ... WEEKEND !!!!! =D 
gonna go scrape moss off the side walk if the rain stopped ... 
finished scraping moss for today ... babysitting later . Bored ... listening to Chromeo and other Epic bands right now ! 
somebody bring chat up ! I'm bored ! ..... please . 
hopes it's warmer tomorrow ... I want summer !!!!!! 40 more days ' till vacation !!!!!! 
Food for dinner ..... :P 
totally wants a pet camel spider .. then during the day i can pet it and play with it and then when i wake up in the morning i can have a giant piece of flesh missing from where it ate with it's numbing venom to keep it from waking me ! :) so funnn ..... 
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY !!! 
must have had a bug or food poisoning or something last night cause I was kinda sick all way early morning and I think I may have passed out too at one point ... feeling better now and ever since i woke up around 6 and went to bed again ... now my little bro got it i think ... 
SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO bored ...... stuck home all day ... 
off for a walk ... 
bleh ... I feel like chatting with someone other than my dog .... I'm soooo bored ... 
downloading some Chromeo onto my Itouche ! 
HA ! Sox are destroying the Yanks and their best pitcher right now 9-2 ! :P Now who sucks ! Mr. Below 2.00 < PROPFEMALE > Burnett who gave up all 9 runs in ... less than 5 innings ! Going to bed now ... 
off to bed ... Blue team ( BIUFL ) won again ... Red Sox won ... Yankees lost ... no homework ... pretty chill ..... lol never used that phrase before ... :) 
SWEET ! 2 NCIS , NCISLA and Bones episodes to watch that i've missed ! :D 
school , chromeo , the Dial and home again ... 
has a < PROPMALE > code red decision to make ... that is extremely difficult ... 
doesn't think he'll be returning to UB this summer ........ dunno though .... gonna talk to some people first and think more ....... the other choice is a class in the summer twice a week every evening that if i go to every class i can take a college credit class for free ... 
8 days ' till my SAT scores ! 
-sigh- remember < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ? Those were the days .... \Crikey !!! Look at the size of his bite ! \ " :D " 
Dinnerrrrrrrr ......... BIUFL at 6:45 vs . Pink ! Anyone who wants to watch it's at the softball field at BUHS .... lasts an hour . 
BIUFL ... be back a little after 8 ... 
is a beast ! :P Won like 30-10 or something like that against pink ! 5-0 now ... was in the whole game except for a little break in the beginning ... 
FRIDAY ! YAY ! 
TACOOOOOOOOS !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Bones ! WEEKEND !!!!!!! YAY !!!!!!! 
Bed now .... Yay for the much needed weekend ! =D 
is gonna go mini golfing soon ... 
off for a walk with my dog ... back in like an hour and a half ... 
Please put this on your status if you know of or are related to someone killed on Alderaan when it was obliterated by the Death < PROPFEMALE > . My wish is that people will understand that the Empire is a band of murdering scum . The Rebel Alliance wants only to bring peace to the galaxy , but the evil empire continues to kill innocent civilians . 93% won't copy/paste this . Will YOU make this your status for at least one hour ? 
The Simpsons ... Dadadadadadadadadada ... dadadada ... dadadada ! ( theme song ) 
is going Keene soon ... 
back from Keene ... got some dress shoes , grey socks and black pants ... 
SNL ! 
SNL has THE WORST music taste EVER ! < PROPFEMALE > , MGNC , WTF ?! They stink .... and that's not even the worst ! lol I think they need to find someone who has a little better taste ... :P 
going to bed ... school tomorrow ...... :\\ 
IF YOU ARE BRAVE .... Copy this into your status and see what people rate you . 1 : Crazy . 2 : I'd marry you . 3 : Talkative . 4 : Sarcastic . 5 : Loveable . 6 : Clubhead . 7 : Moody . 8 : Dumb . 9 : Spoiled . 10 : Mouthy . 11 : Sexy . 12 : Hot . 13 : Funny . 14 : Amazing . 15 : Beautiful . 16 : Cute . 
can't make it to the Biufl game Tuesday ... I will D-block twice as hard Thurseday though ! Blue will dominate !!!!! 
boo ya ... Blue still destroyed green in biufl even though it was 4 on 5 and only 4 kids showed up !!!! HAHA ! I couldn't show but gonna play twice as hard thurseday ! D-BLOCK < PROPFEMALE > will be in the house for yet another victory over the rival black team ! :P 
half day .... hangin ' after with < PROPMALE > Fontaine and < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > though ' till 3 ... 
everyone from blue team please be there tomorrow .... last game of the regular BIUFL season ! let's make this one a good EPIC game ! Most of us have had rest .... lol since only 3 came tuesday ... not including me ... so ya ... we gotta get this ... after this , if we lose , we're out . which we won't if we continue to play how we've been playing !. 
gonna mow the lawn ...... 
yes ... that epicly long < PROPFEMALE > name is annoying yet ..... wtf is up with those ... 
Dude ... that game was radical man ... we like totally are gonna pown now .... UB in about a month bro ... can't wait ... UB is totally ... Epic .... yeah ..... friday tomorrow too ... now that's intense man ... :P 
Black team . you are going down in the playoffs ! Nobody talks crap about our blue team who happened to beat you fair and square and gets away with it ! We will own you in the playoffs ! < PROPMALE > Haddad , Aiden < PROPFIRST > Earley , < PROPMALE > Jacobs , < PROPFIRST > Burch ! We still beat you and still got a pass on first rounds for being what ? oh , that's right ! Undefeated ! 
is going to watch Shrek 3 with the fam .... :P back in a bit ... 
Chromeo ! Weekend ! outside work tomorrow at my aunts ! UB in a month ... ish ! NYC trip in a week too ! :D should be a good ... ish week coming up ! 
if you become a fan of a very long < PROPFEMALE > would you please delete the post that says you have on your wall just cause it kinda takes up the whole status updates ... and i could really care less if someone liked an epically long < PROPFEMALE > ... those things are just annoying ... please and thank you ! :P 
:D Ello ! 
Ya Dice-K ! no hitter through 6 1/3 so far ! 
is off to bed .... finally ... want this next week to just be skipped to thurseday afternoon and friday 2nd block please ... 
why do they have to come up with another whateverametry in math and science ..... wtf is stoichiometry ... well i get what it is .... just not how to do it ........ :P w/e ... bed soon ..... 
is off to the putney commons ... 
Is sitting on the putney common on the steps of putney books as my dad plays music ... Managed to find wifi though ! :P 
and to bed i shall go ! good night facebook ! See you bright and early at 6 in the morning ... I know so sad .... I'm talking to facebook .... but no one else is talking to me ... so .... yeah ........ :P 
hmmm .... well .... gonna register to vote one of these days ... able to go for my license whenever once i do little more practicing ... Summer is over in .... about a month ... or less ! :D Then ... UB ! YAY ! 
just ate some chichen salad and bread for dinner ... with a tofuti cutie for desert ! :P Going out to play with the dog for a bit ... be back in about a 1/2 hour ! 
to bed I go ! 
school ... the dial ... home ... then BIUFL tomorrow ! NYC Friday ! :D 
Thinks its pretty funny that the school blocked facebook in the library but not in the cafereria .... On my itouch ... :P 
BIUFL today ... vs green ... whoever wins faces tie dye or purple in the championship game next Thursday ! we play at 6:45 at the Tic field ... Blue vs green ! School first though ... 
1 month till UB YA !!!! Can't wait ! :P 
is preparing for the annihilation of Green team tonight in BIUFL :P 
blue wins 16-9 vs . green . made an EPIC end of the game snag right before it landed on the ground ! NYC tomorrow !!! :D 
All of Blue team should try and make it next Thursday for the last game , the championship vs tie-dye cause we gotta beat these guys ! They are all we gotta get through now ! Next Thursday at ... 6:45 , the 3rd of June . We beat them before so we can beat them again ! 
is off to bed ... NYC tomorrow !!!!!! :D Gotta make it through Chemistry first though ... :\\ 
NYC ! 
Is inNYC ! The coach bus has wifi ! :P 
is back from NYC ! EPIC trip ! 
11:11 make a wish ! 
is wondering wtf is a New York Yankee balloon doing in his house !!! This is totally unacceptable at all levels ! >:O :P 
is really bored ..... wishing he could < PROPFEMALE > out with someone but kinda stuck home alone all day ... w/e ... school tomorrow ... pool is gonna be swimmable soon ! :DDD 
EPICNESS ! There's only ummm ................. let me count ... 15 more days till school is over ! Then UPWARD BOUND in ... 28 days !!!!! YAY ! NYC was pretty damn EPIC as well ! :D 
chicken pad < PROPFEMALE > for dinnerrrr ... 
bacon and french toast for dinner ! :P 
25 more days ' till UB !!!! 15 more days ' till finals are out !!! :DDDD 
boredom is so ....... boring ....... no friends to chat with !!!! OH NOs !!!!! 
Gallery walk later ! 
is of to gallery walk ... 
Bed time ...... gallery walk was funn ... tao seger was ... ummm ...... ok .... ish .... :P Family gathering tomorrow to prepare for the wedding in a couple weeks ! UB the day after the wedding too ! YAY UB ! :D 
inbox or text me and tell me something that you have always wanted to tell mebut never have ; i wont tell anybody . set this as your status and see what you get . 
WEEK AND A HALF OF SCHOOL LEFT ! Then ..... SUMMER VACATION !!!!!! :DDD 
left overs for dinner ... I think ... which means tacos ! :D SPRING FLING TOMORROW !!! LAST FULL WEEK OF SCHOOL ! UB IN 20 DAYS !!! :D 
Bed soon ... Spring Fling tomorrow ! 8 more days ' till finals ! 19 days ' till UB ! :D 
:P Professional Soccer players are wimps ! Who delays a game because of a small stench in the air !? Smog is everywhere and at the rate that we're going it will continue to grow until our < PROPFEMALE > brainless cooperation heads realize that they actually do need to find a new alternate energy source to REPLACE oil . :P 
SPRING FLING TODAY ! School soon ... 
was the first to dunk Mr. McLoughlin in the dunk tank during spring fling :P second throw too .... prolly gonna be in the paper throwing that throw tomorrow . He went way too far when he brought up the Yankess ! He had to be dunked then ! :D 
is gonna laugh if Strasberg completely blows his debue .... he is being way ... to overrated right now ... people don't know how he'll do ! 
Holy fuck ... Strasberg wins ... 5-2 .... 14 STRIKEOUTS ! over 7 innings in his < PROPMALE > league debut ! only gave up a 2 run Hr in the 4th for runs ! He's got heat ! throwing 101 in the 7th still too ! :O Sensational debut ! 
going to bed ... 18 days till UB !! 9 days till finals are over ... only ... 7 more days of school 2 of them being just finals too ! :D :\\ bleh , finals . :P 
this is why you put your facebook profile as private ... so only friends can search it and so it doesn't show up in out of facebook searches ... I just looked up my self on the web and found this site ... it didn't have me on it ... but still .... creepy .... 
Bed .......... only 2 more days ' till the weekend ...... Last full week of being a < PROPMALE > ! By the end of next week ... I'l be a senior baby ! Whoo !!! :P Oh , Gonna get a haircut sometime in the next couple weeks too ! < PROPFIRST > Clooney style again too ... but I think I'll go a little shorter than last time though ... it's summer ... and The Clooney cut isn't really the Clooney cut unless it's shorter ... 
is off to bed ... jeeze ... this is gonna be a long ....... 6 days ..... and then a long days of finals ... and then a long ...... 12 days till UB . :P a lot of long ....... days ..... but then everything will go so fast in UB ! :( why do the fun things hafta go by so fast and the boring so slow ?! It's no fair ... :( UB in .... 17 days though ! :D Summer vaca in ... 8 !!!!! and only 4 more days of school ! Then finals ....... :\\ 
I know I just said I was going to bed .. but ... the human species is a very violent species ... we are one of very few animals that kill thier own kind ! polar bears kill thier cubs when they are really sick but ... even < PROPMALE > cobras don't fight to the death . When fighting for territory they wrestle and whichever one pins the other one down get it . No biting allowed . If only humans were as gentle as < PROPMALE > cobras ... :P haha 
is going to putney soon .... 
Is on the putney common ... 
WEEKEND !!!!!! :D 2 more days of school ... 1 more day of Chemistry !!! And the final ... 
IS SO BORED ! I AM GOING TO GO INSANE !!!!!! O.o I NEED TO DO SOMETHING ! Anyone feel like hanging ? 
is back from the club . 
is off to bed ..... 2 more days of school till finals ! 1 more day of Chemistry !!! =D 
2 more weeks till UB !!!!!! :D 
going to the second to last school day of my < PROPMALE > year ... well , until college at least .... :P 
HAHA ! Bush's own daughter and wife betrays him ... going democrat ... LMFAO ! ... even his family is realizing how dumb his ideas are ! :P 
1 more day of school ! then 3 finals and then I'm a senior baby ! YEEEAAAHH !!! 
LAST DAY TOMORROW BEFORE WE\RE SENIORS ! Well ... finals ... but last day of school ! " 
ok , tomorrow ... D lunch who wants to have a debate , batman vs superman , who would win in a fight ?! For the last day of this school year ! :P 
to bed I go ... LAST DAY OF SCHOOL ' TILL SUMMER VACA TOMORROW ! THEN AFTER FINALS SENIORS ! Goodnight everyone and facebook ! 
NO MORE SCHOOL ! ONLY 3 FINALS ! :D 
lol ... totally ... if your brave you'll copy this into your status and see what people rate you as . ( 1 ) crazy ( 2 ) wish we went out ( 3 ) talkative ( 4 ) sarcastic ( 5 ) lovable ( 6 ) sexy ( 7 ) strong ( 8 ) hot ( 9 ) spoiled ( 10 ) mouthy ( 11 ) wild ( 12 ) goofy ( 13 ) funny ( 14 ) awsome ( 15 ) amazing ( 16 ) beautiful ( 17 ) loud ( 18 ) quiet ...? (= 
in the words of < PROPMALE > Simpson ... DOUH ! Chemistry final tomorrow ... :P I hate chemistry ... and yes , I know hate is a strong word , that's why I'm using it ! :) But ... studying ... then bed ..... on the upside ..... 12 days until Upward Bound !!! :DDD 
1 final and then home . then 2 finals tomorrow and the accuplacer and then SCHOOL'S OUT ! UB !!!! In .... 11 days !!!! :D 
Is at Penera in kkene ... Gonna get my hair cut soon ! 
BOOYA ! 45 out of the 74 UBers this year are returnees ! SWEET ! Much more than last year ! only like ... 20 last year ... gonna be an EPIC year ! 
got new shoes and a hair cut ! :P LAST DAY OF SCHOOL AND FINALS TOMORROW !!! UB IN ... 11 DAYS ! 
OH MY FUCKING GOD YOU CAN LIKE COMMENTS NOW !!! 
hmmm .... I should be getting to bed ...... finals tomorrow .... goodnight facebook ! Goodnight comments that can be liked now ! Goodnight fellow facebook addicts ! :P 
SENIOR NOW ! Accuplacer at 11:30 ... thenschool is out ! 
Aced the Accuplacer ! Summer vacation now ! Next up ... UB ... ThenSENIOR YEAR ! 
just had tacos for dinnerrrr ! YUM ! 
is going swimming .... 
is going to have lunch and then swim in his pool ... UB in 9 days ! 
is going to go swim with < PROPMALE > Fontaine now in my pool ... then BUHS graduation hopefully ! 
is officially a senior now ! 2010 seniors have graduated ! Congrats class of 2010 ! a year from now that'll be me up there ... hopefully with honors too ! :D 
is off to bed now ... < PROPFIRST>'s graduation party tomorrow ! 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE>'s graduation party soon ... babysitting after ... gonna be EPIC ! 
is so ....... tired ..... going to bed real soon ..... < PROPFIRST > Kenney's grduaton Party was EPIC ! Congrats again man and all other 2010 graduates ! 
is going to < PROPFIRST>'s graduation party soon ...... 
is going to bed now ... had a fun time today with my big bro and his fam . and friends ... got an old acoustic Gibson guitar too ! Marlboro is ........ something else ........ :P UB in .... 7 days ! Wedding in 6 ! 
Upward Bound in 4 1/2 days ! =D Can't wait ! Gonna be another EPIC year ! 
to bed i shall go .... Upward Bound in .... 3 days !!!!!!! =D 
just finished swimming ... more wedding stuff later ... and tomorrow ... and the wedding the next day ... then ... UPWARD BOUND !!! :D 
everybody that sees this status has to tell me how we met . if your brave youll put this as your status too . 
hmmm ... is only people could see all the recent statuses of my facebook friends right now ... it looks like there's some sort of anarchy that's going on ! fires , craziness , no order , shooting ... :P lol CRAZY ! 
HEHE YAY ! Wedding tomorrow ! UB in ... 1 1/2 more days !!!!!! =D So happy !!! Going to bed now !!! 
wedding was fun yet exhausting ... still quite a loud bit of partying and band playing going on right now ... kinda a bit past the time to stop ... but ... can't hear it down in my room so it's all good for me ... but I am finally off to bed now ... 
UB TODAY !!! :DD 
is off to UB soon ! OH YEAH ! =D 
back from an EPIC first week of UB ! 
ahh ..... home again ... Ub in .... lol the countdown begins ! =D 68 hours and 43 minutes ! :P Hehe YAY ! 
these 2 rug burns on my knees better go away in < 3 days ! :P 
Inbox me only . Tell me something you've always wanted to tell me . I'll keep it a secret , promise . Post this as your status to see what you'll get . :) \ 
hmmm .... I also am wondering why no one ever actually does this ... :P lol 
Parade in Bratt . in a bit ... fireworks later ... 
Great days always have to be ruined somehow ! 
is in a cool airconditioned computer lab until 5 and then to the keene state college pool i go ! :D 
ahhhh ... back home till sunday ... then YB again ... this has been one hot week ... 
just woke up at about 11:21 ... 
-slips away with his ninja skills off benieth the covers to a land far off in another alternate universe until the morning comes . Which is when he returns to the planet we know as earth from the world of dreams and imagination ! - 
is going to amherst soon .... back by 5 then UB ! 
Is scrunched in a big tent with 4 other big sweaty guys for the night in burlington with no rain coverso i hope it doesnt rain ... :P 
is home from an awesome excursion week at UB ... half way through UB already ... this week was AMAZING ! Dunno what i'm doing tomorrow ... returning for week 4 sunday evening ! :) 
going for a walk maybe ... 
Is off to bed now ... Ub again tomorrow evening ! 
heading to UB at 6 with < PROPMALE > Fontaine ! 
has lost the game and felt that < PROPMALE > Fontaine , < PROPFEMALE > Martinez and < PROPFEMALE > Schiller should know along with anyone else that plays THE GAME :P ... but .. I'll be going to UB pretty soon now with < PROPMALE > so ..... bye everyone !!!!! Talk to you guys well , if not during freetime then Friday ! =D 
is in the computer lab at ksc ... freetime ... on till 6ish i think ... maybe .... :P 4th week of UB ! =D forgot my bathing suit this week from home but making many more friends ! 
is home from UB ! Week 5 already ! going great so far ! Back on sunday ... 
acebook is being mean to me making me look offline ! >:( 
NOOOOOOOOOO !!!!!! Nobody is responding to me ...... :'( I feel lonely . I think facebook is being it's mean facebook self . Dumb facebook ! >:( 
is rocking out to some good old led zeppelin ! ?? Ohhh .... Wanna whole lotta love , ohhh Wanna whole lotta love !?? Todays been pretty EPIC so far ... dunno what I'm doing this weekend .... :P 
going to hidden acres for a while in about an hour to < PROPFEMALE > with family ... UB tomorrow evening ! 
Bored ..... anyone feel like chatting just pop chat up ... maybe tomorrow we will go pick blueberries again ... 
Is swimming at hidden acres . 
hates this cough that < PROPMALE > Best and < PROPMALE > Fontaine gratefully gave me this past week . Thanks guys ... :P lol jk . Probably going to bed now ...... UB tomorrow ... 
Is going to pick blueberries soon ... Haircut and new shades later ... Then back to UB ! :D 
is going for a walk with his dog ... gonna be back in like 1 1/2 hours ... UB later !!!! YAY ! =D 
is in the computer lab ... swimming at 5 ... haircut tomorrow hopefully ! =D 
got a haircut at supercuts ... it was super fast too ... in the computer lab now .... =D 
last week of UB is next week !!! NOOO !!! :( Last week ever for me .... i think .... Awesome summer so far though ... in the computer lab where there's AC ! :) 
Who knows me best ?!?!? Who/what is my full name , age , birthday , eye color , best friend , < PROPMALE > name , and favorite color . Copy this into your status to see who knows you best !!!! 
oh jeeze ... 72 unread mail messages :P 
hmmm .... is wanting to go to the Bellows falls fireworks ... but just doesn't have a ride home ... and that tends to be a pretty big necessity to getting home again ... :P 
Is stuck at home babysitting tonight ... No fireworks ... 
is off to the fire works with < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > ! 
is going to bed ... because I am starting to put comments on the wrong statuses .... and liking the wrong statuses than i wanted to like ... :P Night peoples .... This is the right place for my status right ?! :P lol jk . 
Is staying up all night ... Last night of UB ... Ever ... :( watching avatar right now . 
UB is over ... :'( so sad ... had a great , unforgettable four years though ... Ubiography/UBEPIC08 , WWUB , < 3 UB ! Awesomeness ... best people ever !!! Best memories ever !!! Best thing ever !!! Even better than the Boston Red Sox !!! :P 
had the best time ever over the past four summers at the best camp ever ! Keene State College Upward Bound 2007 , 2008 , 2009 , 2010 = Epicness ! Today was the last day for me being a student their ever ... so sad ... but so many good memories and so many more great people ! ... going to sleep now though ... so goodnight peoples ! 
is going to Brattstock for a little bit with the fam ... 
has a < PROPMALE > case of hives .... like knees to neck ... dunno from what ... fine besides the itchiness though ... 
just woke up at like 11ish ... hives is almost gone ... really bored ... wishing UB hadn't ended ... hmmm ... i wonder what < PROPMALE > Fontaine is doing today ... 
is going crazy without his friends ! 
thinks he may be allergic to almonds ... got hives two nights in a row after eating pesto ... 
bleh ... bored out of my mind ... :P 
is going swimming now ... 
well , that was a buisy past few hours ... just finished taking a bunch of people off my facebook friends list ... from 377 friends to 150 ... and almost 300 groups to 30 I'm a member of now ... only thing left is the horrifying pages I'm a fan of ... over 2400 ...... Ohhhhh boy ... well , off to bed now ... night peoples ! :) 
is off to bed ... Six Flags tomorrow ! :) 
UB GB meeting soon !!! =D can't wait ! 
Groovy UB summer 2011 !! :D 
is home from Demolay had an EPIC time . 
thinks chocolate sauce , canned mushroom and caper pizza is not very good .... \ 
( fear factor pizza night ... ) 
Is at < PROPMALE > fontain's for the day . 
is off to bed now ... really can't wait to get him class schedule ..... :D good night peoples ! 
Hmmm interesting . Subaru spelled backwards is U R A Bus . :P 
got my schedule finally ! 
-sigh- I have come to the conclusion that my feet need to get skinnier ! One more sock size and walmart's socks don't fit ! Wtf ? And I already have the widest shoes in < PROPMALE>'s sporting goods !!! Socks stretch though ... so my socks are fine for now ... 
is off to bed now ... yet another boring day tomorrow ... :\\ I wish I lived near more friends ! like within walking distance ! 
Is making dinner ! 
ha .... The Met's sure know how to ruin thier players careers ... < PROPFIRST > Bay is out for the season due to a concussion ... :P That's the Mets for ya ! If you have a player you don't like just trade them to the Mets and they'll end thier career somehow ... if it's by just making them play badly or giving them bad injuries ! :P lol jk I like the Mets ... just not how they ruin perfectly good players ! 
is off to bed now ... 
had an EPIC day today ... school in 11 days ...... :D 
Yeeeah Walk off < PROPMALE > Lowrie in the 11th ! Go Sox !!! Off to bed now ... epic day . :) 
mexican food for dinner tonight !!!! :D 
Is at the mall ... The apple store is the best store ever ... 
is back from the mall and thinks pet stores should be illegal to sell dogs , cats and birds in because it is an unhealthy place for young animals to be brought up ! Especially in a place such as a mall where the only exercise they get is running up and down a hall and standing up in their cage ! :( poor little puppies ! On the plus side tho ... THERE'S MEXICAN FOR DINNER ! 
haha that's great ... < PROPFIRST > Ortiz joins just < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > Guillen as the only American League batters to record at least one triple in each of the last 11 seasons :P lol what a speedster ! 
going to try to move my schedule around to get physics this year at at two today . 
got his scheduled changed a bit ... Semester 1 : intro to poetry , earth science , guitar , nothing , algebra2 . Semester2 nothing , study skills , sociology ( college credit ) , physics and latin 3 ! 
WTF ?! < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > claimed off waiver by red sox ?!?! 
is off to dartmouth to see if i am allergic to stuff .... yay ... getting stabbed with a bunch of needles soon ... so excited .... :\\ 
Hmmm apparently im alergic to dust mites timmothy grass and a little bit to dogs ... That will not keep me from playing with dogs all the time though of course !!! 
is hitting the hay now ! Well , actually , I'm staying away from hay ... cause i'm allergic to it apparently ... but ya ... off to bed ! Gonna be an EPIC week ! < PROPMALE > Fontaine I can come to that thing Saturday by the way ! So ya ... and wanna < PROPFEMALE > sometime before that too ? 
so ....... tough ...... not ........ to like ........ pages ......... trying ...... to ..... resist ....... urge ! 
Headlines in the brattleboro reformer : Driving wrong way on I-92 results in DUI arrest ... You'd think they'd get the right highway since it's the only highway within < PROPMALE > ... :P 
should have an EPIC last weekend before high school ever weekend ! =D Senior year begins Wednesday !!! 
is going to bed but has to say first ... HA ! Sox are totally going to dominate their division now ! Missing their regular 1 , 2 and 4 guys in the batting order , 2/3 their regular outfield , 2 infielders and 2 catchers ! Have 2 Aces with ERAs lower than 3.20 and one lower than 2.30 and are still producing plenty of runs per game ... so ... Goodbye Yankees and Rays ! Hello post season ! :P 
school in the morning ... bus at 6:40 ... off to bed now ! 
is off to bed now ! School tomorrow again ... yet another two hot days of 80-100 degree weather for school ... :P 
is thinking it is a little hot out ...... :P 
mmmmm ..... i smell and hear bacon ........ 
is going to bed now ... friday tomorrow ! YAY !!! =D 
is going to bed now ... had a pretty good day ! Three day weekend now to recuperate from that EXTREMELY long first week of school ! :P 
thinks coyote hunting season should be banned along with all animals that don't get eaten . They may be pests but humans are the biggest pests in this world ! Destroying habitats of animals by paving roads through the homes of animals and chopping down so many trees . Not to mention all the smog we fill the air with and the o-zone layer we destroy ! There might as well be an oil company boss hunting season if you ask me ! 
dinnerrrrr .... be back in a bit ... 
Bids thee All a fine night , for it has grown to be the time to explore another world ... where anything can happen . A world full of imagination galore ; the world ... of dreams . So good night to all , as I start the trek to this curious world , that's waiting for it's visitors , to show them what it can teach , supply and give to make them feel , like < PROPMALE > guests , their visit , enjoyable as can be . 
07734 everybody !!! :P .... lol there is a reason behind these < PROPFIRST > .. you hafta figure it out yourself ... if you already know don't say please ... :P 
is off to the football game soon with < PROPMALE > Fontaine !!! =D 
off to bed now ... had an EPIC night with < PROPMALE > Fontaine and friends ! =D 
is off to bed ! Good night everybody ! =D School yet again tomorrow ... 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > is THE LEGEND . < PROPFIRST > Satriani is totally not better . Nobody is better than < PROPFEMALE > . Everyone has to just accept that < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > is the best guitarist of all time . Oh and only answer please if your first and last initials are not A.S. :P haha 
Hehe , I win ! < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > is The Guitar God . :P 
is off to bed now ... I hate this wifi !!! I need a new computer ! :P laptop possibly ..... I'll need one for college anyways ... that will be on the top of my christmas and birthday wish lists most def ! :D 
can't wait to go to college !! 
is off to bed now ... good night peoples ! 
hmmm ..... a black bear just crossed the road about 50 feet in front of me on a walk ...... i just wanted to go up to it and pet it .... so cuddly looking ! :P 
' s Guitar is here ! 
wonders how bands like Vampire weekend become famous ! I mean , They suck ! Winy voice , repetitive and the whole song the guitarist only plays E , F# , B7 in their song cousins ... like , that is not a good song ... no good style , technique and they need a new singer and more of a rhythm than 5 different octaves in the same order throughout the same song is just ridiculously bad ! :P 
hate's his wifi ... 
weekend again finally !!! YEEEAH ! Gonna be an epic weekend too ! Not facebook all day with nothing to do ! got my guitar , hanging with < PROPFEMALE > Martinez and < PROPFEMALE > Schiller tomorrow and at homecoming ! Then Sunday , Idk what I'm doing ..... hmm .... will figure out something tho ! :D Maybe write more poetry .... 
14-0 essex af halftime ... 
is back from homecoming ... bratt lost to essex 20-12 ... pretty good game tho . Had an EPIC time hanging with < PROPFEMALE > Martinez and < PROPFEMALE > Schiller today ! Gotta do this again sometime soon ! 
is off to bed now ..... hopefully tomorrow is a little bit more exciting .... school again . 
blocks 1 and 2 off ... 
ugh ... i hate waking up on , cold , rainy dark days ... school soon ...... 
Ifyour brave , copy this to your status , see what people rate you : ( 1 ) crazy ( 2 ) wishwe went out . ( 3 ) talkative . ( 4)sarcastic . ( 5 ) lovable . ( 6)strong . ( 7)dumb . ( 8 ) wild . ( 9 ) funny . ( 10 ) cool ( 11 ) Sexy ( 12 ) amazing . ( 13)cute . ( 14 ) dramatic . ( 15 ) want to get to know you . ( 16 ) my bestfriend ... ( 17 ) i love you . ( 18 ) Hot . ( 1 ... 9 ) wish u were dead . ( 20 ) wish i never met u but glad i did . 
holy crap ... Phillies will win the world series with this beast leading them ! < PROPFIRST > Halladay comes one walk away from a Perfect game vs the Reds for his first post season game ever . Settles for the no hitter . Second no hitter in post season history EVER ! 
is off to bed now ...! only 3 periods of school for me tomorrow again ! Yay for NECAPS ! :P lols ... :) 
I , my kind sir , am < PROPFIRST > Colbert ... I may not look like myself at the moment but that's because I'm ... in disguise ... as one of those everyday teenagers who goes to school , sleeps a lot , and is on facebook 24/7 .... :P 
babysitting the siblings today from 8:30 ish AM till midnight ... :P 
WHOA !!! TOMORROW's DATE IS 42 in Binary code ! :P 101010 
You can ask me one question ( ONLY IN MY INBOX .... THAT'S THE RULE ) Any question , no matter WHAT or how CRAZY . I will answer no matter what . You have my full honesty ... but I DARE YOU TO PUT THIS AS YOUR STATUS and see what question you get asked !!! 
doesn't get the point of posting things such as the last status i had if nobody actually asks anything ! :P 
enjoys being athiest and having the mystery of after death only be answered and not pondered untill it happens , whatever it is . although i do respect all other beliefs completely , not everybody needs a god to continue on with life , i'm one of those who doesn't . i got my friends , dog , the red sox and my personality anf mind . and that's all i need . 
school soon ... 
is off for a walk with his dog now ... :P 3 periods of class tomorrow out of the usual 9 for me :P 
I bet NOBODY can answer all these questions about me . Like nobody . \ 
Full name : ___________Age : ________ Birthday : ___________EyeColor : _________ Nickname : ___________ Best friend : ______________Favorite color : ___________ Favorite Food : __________ Favorite thing to do : ____________ 
is off to bed now ... but .... gonna be another EPIC day tomorrow ... hanging after school with < PROPFEMALE > Martinez , < PROPFEMALE > Schiller , < PROPMALE > Jericho Lagle and < PROPFEMALE > Fox tomorrow ! ( Am I missing anyone ... I hope not ... ) EPICNESS ! :D 
has pretty sore legs right now ... but all that walking was worth it !! Had an EPIC time hanging with < PROPFEMALE > Martinez , < PROPFEMALE > Schiller , < PROPMALE > Jericho Lagle and < PROPFEMALE > Fox today !! And the many peeps that joined on our < PROPFEMALE > adventure through town ! :P 
on march 14th 2015 at 9:26 and 53 seconds it will be time for pi ! :P randomness ... 
is off to walk < PROPFEMALE > ! 
what is the point of the \poking\ " on facebook ? lol " 
Jersey Shore = a bunch of winy plastic drama < PROPFEMALE > girls ( aka bitchy ) , upset guys going from being angry gorillas to crying like little babies . A worthless TV show that you could see for free and live at your local high school just without the partially fake girls made to look picture perfect , and the guys who need looks to make up for being as dumb as a rock . :P lol just felt like ranting on about something ... 
is off to bed now ... 4 day weekend !!! YAY ! =D sleeping in tomorrow ! :P 
does not know what he's going to be doing this raining Thurseday on which he has no school ... 
needs plans for this long weekend .... 
my name means Crown Humble < PROPFEMALE > when it's translated to it's original meaning ... 
FUCK YES !!! BYE BYE YANKEES !!! YEAH RANGERS ! BEAT THOSE YANKS !!!!! =D 
is off to walk < PROPFEMALE > ... bb in like , an hour and a half .... :P 
just got back from a walk with my dog ... longer walk than usual ... tortellini for dinner I think ... :) 
thinks he's invisible ... has began a conversation with 5 different people but no one has responded ...... 
just raked a leaf pile up to my < PROPFEMALE > ... had chocolate chip cookies and yeah ... back to facebook ... 
the most intense game ever just ended ... Giants win 3-2 weirdest post season ever . Rangers beat the Rays then the Yankees and the Giants beat the Braves and now Phillies to go to the World Series . First time in 8 years in the world series for the Giants and the first time ever winning in the post season this year for the Rangers ! Wow , this is an intense season . 
dinnertime !!... RIP Mr. Loaf , He was a good bread machine maker , he lived a long life of making bread for us . He will be missed . :P 
BROTHERS WEEK ... If you have a brother who has made you laugh , stuck up for you , drove you crazy , hugged you , watched you succeed , saw you fall , picked you back up , cheered you on , made you strong , copy and paste this to your status . 
yeah ... the rangers have this world series ... < PROPFIRST > is just that good along with that lineup ... 
just did an amazing < PROPMALE > simpson jack-o-lantern ... it was from one of my drawings ... :D 
and the Giants win it all !! linsicum throws 8 innings ! 10 ks 2walks 1 run 3 hits , < PROPMALE > gets the save ! It was the beards ! :P this was some series ! 
Shumlin up 49-48% !! too close to call but ... still ahead ! 
I think this is what the Mayans meant by 2012 will be the end of the world ... a new great depression ... via the republicans control over house and senet ... 
half day today ! 
SATs tomorrow ........ dundundunnn !!!! should do even better than last time ! 
i love how the yankees always go for the best players and usually gewt them however ... they don't win the series ... the winner is ... oh , whadya know ... a team of a bunch of young decent hitters and pitchers ... not relying on money , power and aces .... wow ... this just goes to show how DUMB the yankees are ... :P 
College visit at the university of Maine at Farmington tomorrow with < PROPMALE > Fontaine ! 
is back from Umass Farmington ... even more EPIC now !!! :D 
well , made my epic 11:11 wish on 11/11/10 ... off to bed now ... 
is off to bed now ... dunno what I'm doing tomorrow .... :\\ boredom ..... cold ... school the next day ... :P ... poetry out loud monday ... but a week and a day later ... the poetry slam ! 
thinks he has gotten too addicted to poetry .... :P nah ...... I'll think about that again once I begin cranking out a poem a day ... right now it's only about well , three good poems a week .... so far .... :) 
is off to walk with Mags ! Back in an hour-ish ... 
is practicing slamming his poem for monday .... :P gotta figure out how to read it so i am between the time zone of 2 minutes 50 seconds and 3 minutes 10 seconds ... 
electricity went out for like 30 minutes ... back now ... but going to bed now though ... gonna have an epic day tomorrow ! :) 
Epic day ahead seeing < PROPMALE > potter with < PROPFEMALE > Martinez , < PROPFEMALE > Schiller , < PROPFEMALE > Fox and < PROPMALE > Cartner ! 
anyone else on Mibba ? 
The Simpsons soon ..... :P 
just updated his itouch which took two hours to update and what were the results ? nothing new I could see ...... X ( dumb long update apple stuff that does next to nothing !! :P 
off to bed soon ..... :P School tomorrow again ... Dial though too ! :D So good night all ! 
MWAHAHAHAHAAAA !! I already have the character from my favorite TV show when I was a kid as my profile pic .... :P BARTINATOR ! aka , the cool < PROPMALE > Simpson . 
has found his new slam voice ... :) epicness ... 
Red Sox and Padres agree to deal for < PROPFIRST > Gonzalez , 3 prospects including < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and a non prospect player to be named later for Gonzo . Now for the Werth or Crawford Deal ... 
Change your FB profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal is to not see a human face on FB until Monday , December 6th . Join the fightagainst child abuse . Copy & paste to your status and invite your friends to do the same . 
is off to bed now ... grrr ... school tomorrow ..... again ..... Red Sox officially have signed < PROPFIRST > Gonzalez now though ! Yeeeah ! 
295 , let's see ... Patriot's pown , Red Sox rule , you are an epic friend , you helped me when times were rough , oh , and we need to < PROPFEMALE > out lol cause we were gonna a few times but never did . 
this generation of music has completed one thing . To be worse than the 80s . Laddy GAGA ? Seriusly ? then MS . < PROPFIRST > Bieber over there who's voice hasn't even cracked yet , the < PROPMALE>'s brothers ?! then Katey < PROPFIRST > PSH ! Need a new led zepelin and Beatles , AND NOBODY TELL ME THE JONAHS BROTHERS ARE THE NEXT BEATLES ! THEY AREN'T EVEN CLOSE ! I bet if they were ugly nobody would even have noticed them ... 
is off to bed a bit earlier tonight .... I am in a very christmasy mood right now ... as in , a very giving mood right now . However tiredness has hit me so ... good night peoples ! FRIDAY TOMORROW !!!!! =) 
COMCAST SUCKS ! It's so Comcastic ! 
J+L+K = 3D L =D -K-B K =D -J-L , B =D -L-K etc . as in < PROPFIRST > Bieber+ Laddy Gaga+ < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > = disgrace to music times 3 . This is fact . \Good\ " music isn't winy ... nor is it all used in head voice . Good music includes head and chest voice ! Head voice is singing higher notes ( easier ) chest voice is singer lower notes ( more difficult when it comes to range of notes ) so therefore it is scientifically proven they are not good ! " 
YESSS ! < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Picks Phillies ( mystery team ) over Yanks and Rangers . meaning Yanks get screwed when it comes to pitcher with the next two best pitchers ( grienke ad Pavano ) not going to the Yanks . Phillies have best rotation in MLB now with holy crap ... < PROPFIRST > Haladay , < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > Oswalt , < PROPMALE > Hamels , Blanton/Kendriks .... Yankees are down to Sabathia , Hughs , Burnett , < PROPFEMALE > and possibly < PROPFIRST > wood again as a rotation ? 
is off to castleton ! 
is in Rutland ... 
is sitting outside his house waiting for someone to get home because somebody locked all the doors when they left ... and now i cant get in ... 
So , let's get this STR8 - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is getting his 8th divorce , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > is possibly getting married for a 9th time , < PROPFEMALE > Spears had a 55 hour marriage . < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and Tiger Woods are screwing EVERYTHING , yet the idea of same-sex marriage is going to destroy the institution of marriage ? Really ? REALLY ...?? Repost if you agree . 
is off to bed ... Christmas with the extended fam tomorrow ! :P :) 
got a cell phone ! :D 
You say ?? Lady Gaga , I say ? Nirvana . \ 
You ? say < PROPFEMALE > Montana ,? I ? say AC/DC . \ 
You ? say < PROPMALE > Brothers , I say Aerosmith . \ 
You say < PROPFIRST > Bieber , I say Queen . \ 
You say ? < PROPFIRST > Swift , I say < PROPFIRST > Halen . \ 
95% of ??? teens ? these ? days listen to the ? same crappy pop over and over again . If you're one of the 5% who still ?? listens ? to real music copy and paste this ? as your status . Don't let ? the spirit ? of ? rock and roll die ! 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS !!! 
half your age plus seven works until your 38 ... which means then .... it's half your age plus 14 ... then ... when you reach 58 it's half your age plus .... 21 . :P then when you reach 98 .... it's half your age plus ... 28 . :P but of course < PROPMALE > Hefner being who he is didn't understand this rule and just went by half his age .... minus 18 ..... just a little rant I thought up ... because I was bored ... 
is off to bed now .... 11:11 wish first though ! lol :P will not forget it this time ... hanging with < PROPFEMALE > Schiller tomorrow ! Finally going to record my slams ! Yeeeah ! 
is at < PROPMALE > fontaine's house . cant wait till the semester's finally over ... 
School tomorrow ............................................ douh ! >.< 
hmmm ... anyone else realize how much republicans ... LIE and BLAME ?! VETOING EVERYTHING EVEN REMOTELY DEMOCRAT THEN BLAMING IT ON OBAMA ! And ... wanting to cut taxes which gives more cash to companies and well , are companies going ot raise the wages they pay ? PSHH NO FUCKING WAY !! We need taxes in order for the money to go to the town rather than the fat greedy bastards driving us into the next great depression !! 
PLEASE put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who has been eaten by dragons . Dragons are nearly unstoppable and , in case you didn't know , they can also breathe fire . 93% of people won't copy and paste this , because they have already been eaten by dragons . 6% of people are sitting in the shower armed with fire extinguishers and the remaining 1% are awesome and will re-post . 
has just realized that it has been 5 days since I updated my status last ! :O WHAT ? This cannot do ... therefore here I am , updating it , right before I go to bed ... goodnight facebook . 
school is canceled ! 
NCIS ! :) Then bed ... 
went skating this morning ! 
ACDRNDICG TO RSCHEEARCH AT CMABRIGDE UINERVTISY , IT DSENO'T MTAETR WAHT OERDR THE LTTERES IN A WROD ARE , THE OLNY IPROAMTNT TIHNG IS TAHT THE FRSIT AND LSAT LTTEER BE IN THE RGHIT PCLAE . TIHS IS BCUSEAE THE HUAMN MNID DEOS NOT RAED ERVEY LTETER BY ISTLEF , BUT THE WROD AS A WLOHE . IF YOU CAN RAED TIHS , PSOT IT TO YUOR WLAL . OLNY 55% OF PLEPOE CAN 
Click LIKE if you're glad you met me . Copy this as your status & see how many likes you get . 
is off to bed ..... interesting day .... B| 
of course we have school ! Wrong Stahley is our superintendent ! oops ... I mean < PROPMALE > .... and his job is just to piss commuters off because he thinks for some reason that we all travel on snowmobiles ... but NEWS FLASH We have cars ....... 
believes that this weekend was shorter than other ... or atleast it seems ... 
2 HOUR DELAY BECAUSE IT'S TOO COLD TOMORROW !!!! 
is all old wise man quoted out for the night ... so heading to bed to rejuvenate before school which is two hours later tomorrow due to the 30-40 below 0 wind chill ! YAY ! 
holy crap , has 81 friends online right now .... O.o 
the world we know today is not real because we're really dreaming right now . This so called \life\ " is just a figment of your imagination but nothing is real thus imagination isn't thus this theory isn't real thus English isn't which means what i just said i actually didn't . " 
just heard a creepy HEH HEH HEH come from the < PROPMALE > behind my house while taking my dog out ... my dog was even scaired .... there arent really any nearby nieghbors either that would be over there .... SKETCHY ...... O.o 
is off to bed ... hopefully I don't hear a sketchy laugh from the woods tonight while taking mags out ... O.o 
just saw the green hornet with @benfontain and it was awesome ! :P 
does not like the phrase \What say you\ " one bit ! Incorrect english ! Doesn't make sense ! " 
18-36 inches of snow expected in the next 48 hours ... aminly in the last 24 hours of that 48 hours though but yeah ..... GO AWAY SNOW ! I WANT SUMMER ! 
snowday !!!! 
no school tomorrow .... :P 
Who actually knows me ? First name : ____ Middle name : ______ Last name : _____ Age : _____Birthday : __/__/__ \ 
Eyecolor : _____ Nickname : _____ Favorite color : _____ Best Friend \ 
( girl ): _____ Best Friend ( boy ): _____ Put this as your status and see who gets it right 
< PROPFIRST > a really good picture of spongebob yesterday cause he was bored . 
There is no emotion , there is peace . \ 
There is no ignorance , there is knowledge . \ 
There is no passion , there is serenity . \ 
There is no death , there is the Force . 
There is no death , there is the Force . \ 
\ 
The Sith shall never prevail ! 
is off to bed ... can't wait for the weekend again ... 
< PROPFEMALE > Solo and < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > raced from Tatooine to Nar Shadda . Loser was the going to be the one who everyone laughed at and made jokes about . < PROPMALE > lost . Then , hungry to begin a new winning streak he challenged Gibbs to hot hands . Gibbs wasn't there when he arrived , however Gibbs won before he was even seen with his super \come from behind\ " technique . Thus < PROPMALE > had to wear the cowboy hat ... " 
* tip of the day : don't whip people with wet towels . That cracking noise it makes means it is going faster than the speed of sound thus 768 mph ... doesn't really feel good getting hit that hard by anything . especially don't hit an arm or leg or any stresed muscle with a wet towel ... could cause serious skin tearing and bleeding . 
anybody need community service ? the weekend of the 19th there is need for stuff to be done at the ski jump . If you are interested please comment . My mom can get in touch with the person that is doing it . 
THIS IS AN OUTRAGE ! The school's grading system sucks !! Classes like Physics , Chemistry , Advanced Bio , classes for college credit should weigh your GPA at least a little more than all other classes ! I don't want a simple english 1 class or social studies 1 class to be freakin the same as those tougher classes ! Don't try and say it depends on the person either ... these classes are tough PERIOD ! no exceptions ! 
Declares < PROPMALE > Fontaine a cheap computer hacker . 
happy valentines day ! 
is watching nowhere boy . 
is off to bed now ! The play was good ! going to see it again with < PROPMALE > tomorrowww ! :P lol 
-to Nascar fans- if you can't lose weight doing it , it isn't a sport . and if all you do is take 600 left turns and pass eachother untill you complete all 150 laps ... ( if you aren't asleep from the boredom yet ) then i would reccomend stop driving cause you'll commit suicide from falling asleep at the wheel . 
went skiing at Burke Mountain today .... off to bed now ! hopefully hanging with friends tomorrow ! :P 
one more day of vacation ..... :\\ can't wait for April vacation ....... :P lol off to bed now ..... 
just got accepted to castleton !!! 
is off to bed early now that it's the weekend ..... lol .... 
lol Dread Zeppelin ..... is ... interesting .... :P 
I think I just scared everyone I was talking to away just now by showing them Dread Zeppelin .... lol 
got eccepted into Farmington ! 2/4 so far .... 
this .... week .... is going so slow ...... 
hmmm decisions decisions .... Castleton or Farmington ... they both offer pretty much the same amount ... and then there's KSC and Plymouth who are yet to send me a decision too ... and if they offer lots too ....... hmmm .... 
is off to bed ... busy week ... 
is done with his Six < PROPFEMALE > sociology paper on Facebook ... :P 
technically if all of atoms can together think and do everything then we technically could somehow persuade our brains to realize that everything actually is the same being a bunch of empty space electrons , protons and neutrons , then we could figuratively be able to move ourselves as separate subatomic particles . thus we wouldn't age and time is made up by us 
there's a supermoon tonight . 14% larger and 30% brighter than usual . first time in 18 years . larger meaning closest it's been to earth in 18 years . 
ends up i will be coming to school tomorrow because PSU is on spring break ... but signed up for accepted students day at castleton the 22 ! lol it starts at 8 AM ... 
hmmm apparently clementines and tangerines are both types of manderine oranges . so , canned manderine oranges you get are really just canned and peeled clementines ... 
Brattleboro Vt is now officially on the verge of becoming mega lame ..... your not supposed to be getting rid of the things to do in Bratt ! We already needed more things !!! RIP Kipling Cenima ... how could they close ?! 
well , what a good begining to my weekend .... my itouch dropped and the screen cracked and now it can't detect when i touch it sooo i need a new screen ... at least . 
is going old school on my walk for a while .... CD player in my pocket :P .... itouch screen and lcd cracked ... 
Grrr ... Hulu.com is being all glitchy .... trying to watch CSI Miami ... 
if someone randomly pops chat up to you and it has a link on it and they are saying for you to look at it DO NOT CLICK ON IT !!! It's a HACKED ACOUNT !! I've gotten .... like 6-7 of those in the past 2 days ... and if you do then i recommended changing your password so the hacker doesn't continue to hack your account and do that . 
is off to bed now ... no school tomorrow !!!!!! :P 
renewed my permit ... this time ... instead of looking like a druggie like on my first permit picture i look like the drug dealer ... hmmm ..... i don't know which is better ... :P 
Most of us have at least 200 friends on facebook , but when it comes to needing a friend to talk to ; how many will actually be there for you ? I can guarantee not even 15 of your facebook friends will . Like this status if you will be there for me .. set this as your status and see which friends will be there for you . ( : 
< PROPFEMALE > Black Sucks .... she sounds like < PROPFEMALE > Palin and < PROPFEMALE > Palin shouldn't be allowed to talk , let alone sing . 
got accepted into plymouth State !! 3 for 3 so far ... waiting on KSC still ... 
is off to bed now ... Weekend !!!!!!! 
no plans for tomorrow ... maybe i'll write some poetry ... haven't done that in a while ... and guitar ... and starwars ... :P 
high of 61 today and a high of 76 tomorrow !!!!! =D 
accepted into Keene State College ! 4/4 ! now to see financial aid offers ... 
whoooo is calling me ? lol I just got a number that called me for the second time that wasn't in my list ... 
is off to sleep now ... but realizing that I have been slacking in posting statuses sooo I am doing so ... and plan to do so more often now . Good night world ! =D 
is off to bed now ... VACATION ! Gonna be epic ! 
YES !!! FINALLY DICE_K !!!! AMAZING GAME !!! 1 hitter !!!!!! 
if today is the answer to the universe , 4/20 ( 42 ) then the answer must be extremely boring because this day has been the most boring day I've had in a while . 
what to do in the boring town of Brattleboro on this cold rainy day ? 
is off to bed now ... Castleton tomorrow for accepted students day ! Getting up bright and early ... 6:15 ... :\\ 
just got back from accepted students day at Castleton ! Had a good time ! Also made it official that i am going next year ! 
Sox win yet again ! 5-0 . Dice K throws 8 innings of 1 hit ball ! Now off to bed ... last day of vacation tomorrow ..... X| 
is off to bed now ... school tomorrow ....... O.o 
just saw a bear on my walk again .... walk across the road about 100-200 feet infront on me and my dog ... 
if i died tomorrow what would you tell me today ... post this to your status and see what you get . ( lol don't worry , I will do my hardest not to die tomorrow or any day in the near future :P ) 
wtf ? OBAMA'S BIRTH CERTIFICATE IS RIGHT IN FRONT OF YOU !! OF COURSE HE IS A US CITIZEN !!! HOW MORE SPECIFIC CAN WE GET ?! DO YOU NEED TO SEE FOOTAGE OF WHEN HE WAS BORN ? I could say McCain couldn't run because he was born out of a us in a military base , but the excuse that the certificate is wrong cause he was considered negro in 1961 ? wow , racist republicans . Darker skin or not , the birth certificate proves he is . 
I wonder when < PROPFEMALE > will Realize that we are slowly failing because of capitalism ... top 5% of the population owns almost half of the US wealth ... and that 5% has huge power on politics and with that happening the tax's to the < PROPMALE > will just lower and lower and the tax to the poor will just go higher and the military budget will grow and grow until we collapse as a nation ... 
grrr !!! can't get to my facebook status update wall !!!! having to do this through AIM ! 
' s dog is wearing a cone ... cause she's biting at her leg .... she looks like she should be at the < PROPMALE > wedding ...... 
how the heck did a post i never posted nor ever even clicked on or seen bvefore apear on my wall posted by me ..... about osama bin laden ... hmmm ... dumb hackers 
19 tomorrow ! may the 4th be strong with this one . :P 
got a 175 gram frisbee for my birthday along with $60 , 15 itunes gift card and M& Ms. .. :P Epic day ... 
yum yum teramisu ! 
ok , so i am thinking of a triangle that two of the points are my kitchen and < PROPMALE > Fontaine's left winter boot . what ( or whom ) is the third point ? 
