Went to a game got soaked and the cards lost . What a crapy day 

Is bored and has nothing to do . 
just read horoscope and something good is suppose to happen to me 2morrow . Wonder what it is ? 
waiting for the snow that cancelled school ? 
Gettin ready for UK 2 lose ! 
No Wall No < PROPMALE > ! ha 
Has a project due tomorrow and has not started on it . 
Finally got the project done . I'm going to sleep half the day though . 
I got ice in my veins , Blood in my eyes , Hate in my heart , Love on my mind . 
I have a new cousin . 
Whats better than playing baseball while a huge storm is coming towards you ? lol 
Is wondering if he is going to have a game today ? 
First Home run of high school ! 
Is thinking about going and hitting tomorrow anyone want to come with me ? 
Laser Tag is the Shiz !!! 
Well tonight jus sucked ! 
In order to succed your < PROPFEMALE > for succes should be greater than your fear of failure . 
I do whatever it takes . When I'm with you I gets the shakes . My body aches when I ain't with you I have zero strength . There's no limit how far I would go no boundries no lenght . - eminem \Space " 
Who can catch lightning in the bottle , Set fire to water , Commin out the nozzle on the fire hose , Flyer than swatters . \ 
< PROPFEMALE > man . \ 
Smash an hour glass , Grab the sand , Take his hands an cup em , Spin around to freeze the clock , Take the hands of time an cuff em , < PROPFEMALE > man . 
Is having a kart kountry < PROPFEMALE > over . Lol 
Looking at Zen quotes that good Ole coach Williamson told me to look at . He was right that they do relax you . 
Is going to the fair early , Because UofL is sucking it up !!! 
What happened to the cardinals ? lol . Going to the reds playoff game if they make it . ( knock on wood ! ) 
Has never seen so many idiots in one place before !!! 
One of the funniest shoe commercials ever . ( D < PROPFEMALE > , and the Chinese guy from the hangover ) . 
Wish I could go to sleep ! Ugh ... 
Time to go work . 
Watching the tip off of the NCAA basketball season . 
Well tonight is the kfc yum centers first mens basketball game and I thought there was a big event here last week . But I forgot who was there . Can someone help me remember who was there .....? 
Then I saw here face ! Now I'm a believer ! 
What makes a leader ? Someone that you will follow somewhere that you would never go by yourself . 
Time for another long boring day of school . yay ... 
Watching Dude Wheres My Car ! Shiby !! 
Got a new phone hit me up . 230 2948 
Bored as hell !!!! 
Who's ready for Kentucky's beat down tommorow . 
Is waiting on this download that is averaging 1% to every 15 mins or so ... 
Watchin Step Brothers ! 
Early release days on Monday are pointless ... 
Just got home from practice . Never thought I would stay 2 hrs after practice just to hit . 
Woo ! I love Saturday practices !!!!!! 
I just saw a byu highlight and sombody but jimmer ferdete scored . Wow im impressed . 
You know what they say wood don't grow on trees . 
Woke up late today I lost my alarm . 
Opportunities multiply as they are seized , they die when neglected . 
Saturday can't get here fast enough !!! 
I can bend my knee to a 90 degree < PROPFEMALE > . Woohoo !!! But still can't walk without the brace . 
Off the express way , over the river , off the billboard , through the window , off the wall , nothin but net . 
I feel 100x dumber after watching that movie !!! 
MRI on thursday . They < PROPFIRST > the fluid and there was blood in it but he said that was normal . He thinks I dislocated my patella ( legement in knee ) . 
Bellarmine national champs !!!! 
I don't get high , life keeps me at a pretty decent height . 
What do you tell a guy with two black eyes ? Nothin you already told them twice . Haha 
