thinks it kinda sucks that he has to work and then take a math test on his birthday . But it's all good . 

hopes that the Cash for Clunkers < PROPMALE > passes so he can go get a new car ! 
It's amazing what people put themselves through just for money . 
Is ready for a good weekend ! 
It's freakin ' awesome that < PROPFIRST > Maclin will be on < PROPFIRST > Vick's team ! 
The damn neighbors are playin their gangsta rap as loud as possible ( and clearly have a good subwoofer ) while I'm trying to study . I miss our nice neighbors . :-( 
Take-home tests are like scavenger hunts that take you all across the interwebs . It's almost fun in a twisted sort of way . 
wishes he had speakers for his computer so he didn't have to wear headphones while writing . I don't like headphones . 
Ok this Chicago trip better be good cause I spent all day yesterday planning it . Now for my Calculus midterm . Wish me luck . 
is a fan of music with bass ... but not when it's just a slight thumping noise coming from the neighboring apartment . Then it's just annoying . 
It's really bitchin ' that I can get extra points on my test just by asking for them along with an explaination of why the questions were misleading . This just goes to show that if you want something , you just gotta ask sometimes . 
CoD : Modern Warfare 2 tonight peeps ! Make sure to get your $10 gift cards if you're buying your copy at Best Buy . 
So it is now clear that our Congress is mostly made up of idiots or just plain evil . Tell me if this makes sense : Either you buy healthcare ( Gov approved plan ) or you go to jail and/or pay a fine of up to $ 250,000 . Who gave the Federal Governemnt this power ? Oh yeah , NO ONE ! They took it for themselves . There truly just isn't anyone worth voting for anymore is there ? 
I wanna do the whole Black Friday shopping for deals thing but who am I supposed to go with if my girlfriend refuses and my family will be out of town ? 
is now $150 richer just from opening bank accounts at various banks . Any other banks out there wanna give me free money ? 
If anyone shops online and wants to save some cash , check out Bing's cashback system . http://www.bing.com/cashback 
I only have one final left , and it's tonight .... but I can't make myself study for it . 
HATES that feeling when you look at your credit card statement online and realize there's a $39 < PROPMALE > for forgetting to pay the minimum payment of $15 ! So stupid ! I'm tempted to just shred it now . 
Zing Zang Bloody < PROPFIRST > mix = Delish ! Brings back memories of my cooking days . 
The Lemonade Diet is tough . But if anyone wants a challenge and to lose some weight this is the healthiest and fastest way ! I'm finishing day 6 today . 
The Lemonade Diet is tough . But if anyone wants a challenge and to lose some weight this is the healthiest and fastest way ! I'm finishing day 6 today and have lost nearly 10 pounds . And no , I'm not trying to lose weight ... but the abs sure do show now ! 
wants food ! 
So I'm weird , I know that . Today was the first day of the semester for me and I can't help but gladly accept the many challenges that school has to offer in the next few months ! 
is officially admitted to KU !!!! What a beautiful conclusion to an already great day ! 
is conflicted on who to root for tonight . My school is KU but my family and gf are MU and I never keep up with sports anyway . Hmm ... Go Team ! 
talked to the < PROPFIRST > of Architecture Admissions at KU today . It's bittersweet knowing I'm practicaly a shoe-in , yet once I'm there I won't graduate with my Masters until I'm 28-29 . 
Anyone ever beat a red light photo ticket ? As far as I can tell it's unconstitutional to fine me for a crime if they can't prove it was me . Since when did \innocent until proven guilty\ " reverse ? " 
Our country has forgotten the importance of the constitution . Our strenght as a nation will not recover until we remember where we started . 
Thank you Mass effect 2 for being near impossible and convincing me it'd be more fun to do my physics homework . 
just got a prank call from a 911 area code . How is this possible ? 
is goin ' to BWW to watch KU rock this s**t ! 
is trying to break away from taking two hours per sketch . I'm too much of a perfectionist ! 
is counting down the hours until her sis is here tomm !! 
is trying to figure out how to create interactive photos like Bing.com or Facebook does . So now I've gotta learn HTML and Java I guess . 
How are the new CoD maps , I wonder ? Too much homework ! 
wants a system for his Cube real bad ! 
KU orientation all day . 
KU orientation = total waste of time 
thinks he just aced his physics test ! 
This is so NOT my day . 
is trying to learn javascript so he can finish his website . 
Work until 11pm , then more homework . Gotta keep learning js , HTML , and css so I can get this website built . At least the sun is peeking out now . 
One reason I would never make it as a dog owner in the city : Im pretty sure I would yak if I had to pick up it's poo on walks . That's just disgusting . 
Chipotle = Yum ! 
is looking forward to the Halo Reach beta .... and being done with this website ! 
Oh yeah , I forgot ... I'm not supposed to care about anyone . My bad . 
wants to be part of something larger than life . An oversized productive goal is just what I need to get my mind off of the fact that I may not truly know myself . 
would possibly buy an iPad if it could multitask and if this whole flash/html5 issue were resolved . Until then , it's just shy of being worth it . 
is eating Dunkin ' Donuts and coffee while finishing his take-home-final . A pleasant morning . 
Ok stock market , you can go up now . Do we really need to worry that much about Greece ? 
Free Chipotle if you ride your bike there between 2 and 4pm today ! 
can't wait to finally relax and watch Lost tonight ... And it sounds like I should not fast forward through the target commercials . 
is off to work at Miami Ice . Come see me for a cool treat ! 
Giving is only righteous when you don't expect or ask for anything in return . 
will finally buy a new copy of Microsoft Office . The 2010 edition is pretty good it seems . 
just found out he likes Brazilian accents . That'd be a nice warm place to move after school ! 
will NEVER buy BP product again ! 
has been admitted into the School of Architecture at KU !!! Hell's yeah baby ! Now I just have to submit my portfolio . 
I'm working at Miami Ice all day today . Come get some shave ice or ice cream ! We are open until 11pm . 
is working on his portfolio to turn in tomorrow . 
F Kinko's ... OfficeMax I'll see ya in the morning . 
Would love some M-80s ! Can anyone help me with that ? 
can't stand the soaps they play in the Nissan service waiting room . On another note , I really can't wait to graduate and start my business . 
Man 5am sure is early to be working ! 
Should I keep my cell # or get a new Kansas one with my new phone ? 
It's actually kinda nice working in the city early in the morning . 
Just saw a bike cop in hot pursuit . 
Success !!! 
is not having a good day . 
Sooooo tired ! 
Yeah that's right ... 3.5 hours of sleep and I still got up in time to get a bagel and coffee ! 
And of course when I'm feeling good ahout being early to work I find out I'm two hours late . *%#$ 
Anyone have a truck I can borrow tomorrow morning ? I need to finish moving . Please ? 
Why can't call centers be run and staffed by Americans ???? And why do the < PROPFEMALE > ns that staff them now always have to be such sticks in the mud ? I know < PROPFEMALE > has to have some life to it ... but judging by those that I speak to through the call centers , they could all be robots . HUGE pet peeve of mine !! 
The Dizzy Gillespie and < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > I am playing at work got a little kid to dance ... now that brought a smile to my face . Good taste little guy ! 
Option 1 : One crazy fast laptop ... Option 2 : Good laptop and crazy fast desktop . Both options are the same price . What should I do ? 
Day two ... 
So far not impressed with my classmates ... to young , snobby , or just boring . No good . 
Italy is beckoning . 
Ok , so maybe there are a few interesting ppl here . Things are getting better . 
My renewed goal in life is to get to a point where I am living almost entirely self-sufficiently , locally , and sustainably ... this is key in my achieving happiness . 
wants to live life like < PROPMALE > Bethune of the Sea Shepards ! 
Gotta finish my design so I can get building my model today . 
I don't have enough time . 
just wants to play same CoD or Halo . 
is not sleeping until this model is done ... and may only be at 2% done . 
Could the Halo Reach trailer get any better ? Can't wait ! 
Time for some coffee ... 
Zombie Mode : On 
wishes Progressive Auto Insurance would go out of business just so their commercials with < PROPFEMALE > would be discontinued . 
Finally my blood pressure is better than normal ! Thank you valet job ! 
is starting to appreciate KU's Architecture program ... but the JCCC instructors ( < PROPMALE > Meadows and < PROPMALE > Miller ) are certainly missed . 
How can they expect us to do so much in so little time ? 
Now that I'm done bombing tests for the day ... I'm ready for a beer and a laugh or two ! 
A man pushed his car to a hotel and lost his fortune . What happened ? 
I've gotta be done with pessimism . 
I'm not loving my design but I guess I've gotta build it now . 
If I didn't know any better , second year studio would have me believing Architects are merely overeducated sculptors . This bothers me . 
is finally beginning construction on his model ! 
definitely should have invested in Chipotle back when it was like $90 a share . Bummer . I need to keep better track of my portfolio . 
23rd st/k-10 traffic SUCKS ! 
It sure would be nice if I could find my wallet . 
I WILL finish my model today ! 
Anyone have extra NASCAR tickets for tomorrow ? 
M girlfriend needs to live in < PROPFIRST > ... or at least Kansas . 
wants a Wacom Cintiq tablet ... but they are so expensive ! 
Does anyone want to go to the MU/KU football game with us next month ? $35 . I'm buying tickets today . 
Man , The Event may shape up to be my favorite show of the season ! 
It's always frustrating when your professor can't answer a question ... but it is infuriating when profs at this level are utterly clueless except for what they wrote for their lecture notes ! 
Whatever the outcome , Tuesday evening will come as a relief . My stress level is pegging at the redline right now . 
What's the next big thing ? I would like to get involved please . 
It's crunch time ! 
is already counting the hours until today is over . 
Debate : is it ok to try on socks and then put them back on the shelf ? 
is so ready for this semester to end . Next semester better bring some worthwhile professors . 
Despite what you may have heard ... you ARE supposed to tip your valet driver . 
is not motivated for this assignment at all . This is a problem . 
was just accepted into < PROPFIRST > Gaunt's freehand drawing class . I'll take every small accomplishment I can get at this point . It's been a rough semester . 
No time or money ... so I guess I'll be a valet driver for Halloween and just wear my work uniform ? 
Cigarettes = nasty . 
After some thought ... Sirius/XM just doesn't stream at a high enough bitrate to justify the cost . 
just solved a SketchUp problem for the Natural Forces lab 3a ... transparent shadow-casting roof . 
misses his friends and family . 
Just found out I'm half a semester further along in my degree than I had thought ! Booya ! 
I guess you have to jump through hoops to cancel your Sirius membership ... what a bunch of crooks . 
I miss hangin with my bros every day . 
It's so much easier doing homework with my bro playin ' xbox in the background . 
So tired ... 
2012 is the new 2014 
Too much to do ... 
It would really be nice if I could find my sketchbook . 
Remington 1100 maybe ? 
No work and no school but I'm still required to get up at 6am . Thank you < PROPFEMALE > . 
Jorden waz heer 
I've got a soft spot in my heart for Italy .... I've gotta go back ! 
Tron = Awesome ... Tron Score = Equally Awesome ! 
Software patents ... can't live with them ; can't live without them . 
Such perfect weather here in Naples ! 
Why don't grandparents ever understand its not good to eat this much ? Must be that damn depression they went through . Ack ! 
I'm slightly ready for this semester . It's gotta be better than the last one by my estimations . 
Oh you know I'm getting the new CoD maps on this beautiful snow day ! 
Snow Creek this Sat night ... who's in ? 
My Jayhawks will kick Shalae's Tiger's butts ! 
I'm loving my decision to switch to Industrial Design ! 
Now to learn Flash Catalyst for our cell phone design . 
Anyone else following the iPad 2 event ? 
This nice weather has my neighbor confused ... he's mowing his lawn . 
I'm working on a cell phone design ... I need everyone's suggestions . 
2 Big 12 tickets available for tonights games ... now taking offers . 
Could be hangin with friends at P&L but instead stuck in class all < PROPFEMALE > . 
Who would've thought Microsoft would be the place to go for free web hosting ? Not I . 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > for now Steffen . Have fun ! 
After all these years you'd think Survivor would realize they've been giving away the winners of the challenges with their demos/explanations . 
Mizzou is the BEST school ever and I have no idea why I go to such a crappy school . 
OK people , 6am and I'm here ... time to come get your car . 
< PROPFIRST > Black is here huh ? Kinda cool . 
I guess Spring Break couldn't last forever . Time to get back at it . 
Romance is like the Fountain of Youth . Some eccentrics say they have seen it or know how to get to it and everyone knows it would improve their lives . But where is the map ? That's what I wanna know ! 
So I guess I'm the treasurer for the KU chapter of IDSA next year . 
On my way to St. < PROPFIRST > but my grandparents phones are off . Hope they answer the door at 3am . 
Duct tape is holding my car together for now after a run in with a shredded semi tire . 
Won $1000 worth of Bunkspeed software today at the IDSA after party ! 
