< PROPMALE > got his first tooth today ! 

The Fourth was awesome .. now we're heading to the aqarium ! I haven't been to the beach is forever ... 
Got home from the coast at 11:00 ..... long day , but very fun ... will post picks soon 
Yes ! Vaca started at 5:30 .. Disney here we come Monday ........ 
I missed the wedding pool party ! I totally forgot ... :( So busy getting ready for our trip . 
we fly out in the morning ... no farmtown for me for awhile ... lol 
We're home , Disneyland was awesome ! Then we went camping for a couple nights . Will post pics soon . 
It is sooo hot ! 
I can't make myself move the rest of my stuff to my new place ! At least the furniture came today .... so new and comfy . 
Went to the doc today , have a herniated disc ... even with the prednisone the pain is getting worse ... ugh ! 
Ok , the prednisone made me stay up until 4am this morning ... kids better sleep in ... lol 
thank God it's the last day on the prednisone ... I can't sleep on this stuff ... wish the back would feel better , sometimes it feels like I'm going to get sick from the back pain . complain , complain , complain ... lol 
Wish my back was better ... but getting to spend alot more time with the kids ... and no time at work !!! 
Have you ever heard of a kindergardener getting suspended from school ? Mine has twice now .... I don't know wether to laugh of cry . I think I laugh so I don't cry . lol 
ok , good nite all .. hopefully it's not another month before I get back on here ! 
Thank you to everyone who said happy b-day ! I haven't been on here in awhile ! 
It is a very happy day ! I miss all my work people ... but not work .. will be back on the 28th . Thanks for the plant from BMEA everyone . 
My son lost my phone again and no one is online to ask to call it .... of course ! :) 
Got my tattoo fixed and got Jacobs name on it . have to post it later . 
Yeah , lost my phone again . This time it wasn't < PROPMALE > who lost it ! 
Finally found my phone ... now I can call my dad and wish him a Happy Fathers Day ! Thanks for calling my phone < PROPMALE > 
How is it that my laundry never ceases to end ? 
Off to Dr. appointment , then no kids camping trip !!! 
Back from camping trip from hell .... except for the last night when i brought the kids up to camp . 
Playing in the pool with the kids ... life is good ! 
I started back to work today after my hand surgeries .... feels like I never left ... at lest I Have vacation in four weeks . lol 
Freight kicked my ass today ... darn canning jars . JJ needs to come back from vacation ! 
How is it you can't go to sleep when you know you have to get up early ? Ugggh 
Almost all caught up at work . I work tomorrow but get double time and a half ! yeah 
There is something about sleeping lately that for some reason my mind seems to not want to do much of .... which sucks in the mornings 
Do you know when you get a ticket nowadays it comes out of a printer and is about a foot and a half long ? It cost me $142 to know that .... 
Cleaned the living room today , then fell asleep on the couch . Either I dreamed I cleaned or my kids tore it all back up : / 
Tomorrow is my 5 year anniversary at work . woo whoo !? 
Work is back to normal JJ is back ! Yeah ! But where are YOU BonBON ??? 
It's still warm outside here ... off to my cooled off room and pillow top bed !!!!!!! 
Is it gonna storm or not ? I dont care I'm jumping in the pool after work even if it will be 830 ! 
Made it in the pool after work today ... my youngest just layed on me and we floated around . Perfect end to the day ! 
Jazzy and I are going to go see Eclipse today ! Then get brother and get in the pool ... 
The countdown for vacation begins . Where shall I go ... Mexico , Hawaii , disneyland ? Nope .... Willamina / McMinnville .... lol 
I was joking with my yard guy and told him I'd offer him a beer if I had one but all I have is Southern Comfort . I think he really wanted it though . Could you imagine what my yard woulda looked like ! 
I think I want to put a transfer in for work .... uggh 
Todays been a good day considering I woke up 3 minutes before I was supposed to be at work . By the time i got myself and my kids ready I was only 48 mins late . lol 
I think it's a kaluah mudslide poolside kinda day after work ! 
If it weren't for poker on here I'd go to bed earlier ... yeah , that's what I'll blame it on ... 
Pool is clean .... contemplating wether to get in .... why not 
I didn't need the paper ... I already knew ... ha 
5AM sucks ... at least it's friday and I get off work early ! 
Yeah , it's the weekend ! 
Five more work days then off to vacation ... 
I actually get paid really good to play with tvs and cameras and chane watch batteries all day ! Nice busy day at work so far . 
I called a friend I hadn't talk to in awhile out of the blue , and am so glad I did . He really gets my mind thinking about what I really want to do . Thank BC . Now , < PROPFEMALE > I too shall try to zone out the kids and take a relaxing bath . Then off to bed , have to go to the airport at 4:30 am .. ugh 
Sometimes a person says something and it might come out wrong without them even realizing it . What I mean is sometimes I am an a@@ without meaning to be . Sorry ... 
is happy ! Almost vaca time ! Can't wait to get away from this heat . If I thought it would be a good look I would shave my head ... lol 
One more day of work then vacation time . nener nener nener 
3 1/2 more hrs at work .. then pick up Jazzys meds , pack clean the truck and off we go in the am ! 
:) 
had fun tonight talking about old times . actually turned the heater on in car ... something that doesn't happen in GP . good night 
Tonight was stupid and it too freaking hot here at my dads . * FRUSTRATED * 
Thinking a laser light show sounds good sometime this week ... have to go to the OMSI site and see what music they have for it . 
How old am i when my 14 yr old brother likes someone whoes mom I went to school with ? lol 
Tried to sneak into my daughters granparents and woke them up . sorry Butch and < PROPFEMALE > ! Had so much fun at dads . Beat my brother at wrestling ! haha < PROPFIRST > ! I miss seeing my lil sis and brother grow up ! My brother is taller than me :( 
Which sounds better for the laser show ... Pink Ffloyd or the Beatles ? I've seen the Pink Ffloyd before and it was really good ... 
Facebook on the iPod touch is so much easier than my phone or my dads < PROPMALE > computer 
Going to visit grandpa hale at the < PROPFIRST > nursing home . Hard to believe he was the police chief of willamina way back when 
Of my 109 friends here on FB , I'm only liking about 108 of ya ! lol 
Going back home tomarrow . Fitting in a bunch of visits and goodbyes , then going to the beatles laser light show tonight . 
I heart Portland ! 
Laser Beatles was so worth it in case anyone was considering going ! Had so much fun with brother , sis and my chillins ! 
Alrighty we are home ! I don't understand how driving is so exhausting ... just sit on my ace for 4 hours and steer ! lol 
Goodnight ... vacation is over and have to get up at 530 ... ugh 
Ok really do have to go to bed early tonight ... no more guitar hero til 1130 ! 
I was going to shampoo my carpet on my day off . But I guess my son wanted it done sooner cause the little \pooper\ " had a couple free minutes of no diaper after his bath ... yuck ! So I shampooed early needless to say ... " 
Anyone from BM heard from < PROPFEMALE > today ?? Any new news ? 
Wow .. even Calgon couldn't take me away tonight . < PROPFEMALE > keptcoming in the bathroom : Mom .. why do you have bubbles in your bath ? Mom , can I get in ? Mom can I have candles in my room , too ? Mom , are you naked ? Seriously ? This is what I get when I try to relax ... lol 
I don't even have the words to describe how happy my kids make me ! why do kids have to be < PROPFEMALE > cute ... 
I get to go to the photo show in < PROPFIRST > for work this year ! Two paid days of looking at cool stuff and a night at a nice hotel ... I don't understand why people in other depts don't like going to their shows . Oh well , I am looking forward to it ! 
The funny thing about work is that they keep wanting you to show up ... I've got them fooled though , I'm not going in tomarrow ! Of course thwy did schedule me off ... yeah getting up at 5 am sucks ! 
To get dressed or lounge around for my day off ... that is the question ... 
Sick all night and a headache right behind my right eye ... work will be sooo much fun tonight ! At least I have this weekend off . 
Had a good Talk about my mom with my aunt tonight . Some tears but good memories . Miss you mom ! I just wish she coulda met my son . Jasmine got to meet her though finally . 
Movie day with my cousin ! 
I'VE decide my next vacation is going to be a cruise ! Any ideas ? It'll probably be in March . 
:} 
bought a raft yesterday to float around in at Chinook .. and yes < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > those oars do suck ! Got swept up in the rapids and ended up floating all the way to Baker . It was the best time though . 
i love my family and my real friends ! 
been sleeping so well the last few nights . not waking up all night ! i think those stupid pills were messing me up . 
. 
Hope it warms up again for the weekend so we can go rafting again ! Deffinately need better oara though . :) 
my car caught on fire today ... it's a goner ... if anyone has acarseat i could use for < PROPMALE > I would appreciate it . 
Kinda sucks with no car , didnt get to go rafting yesterday .. painted instead . Had such wierd dreams last night .. like your awake but can'tmove your arms or legs or anything . wierd ... hope everyone is having an awesome labor day weekend ! 
Perfect weather today ! My daughter on the other hand thinks 75 is pants and coat time ! 
I love fall ! < PROPFEMALE > is so excited to start 1st grade tomarrow and go 5 days a week . I think I may take my anniversary day from work in the middle of the week and enjoy some lazy day ... 
First day of school and I wake up to a flashing alarm ! Ran out to the lving room to see what time it was and luckily < PROPFEMALE > still had 20 minutes to get ready . Lunch was made and clothes picked out the night before so just enough time . They grow up to quick ! 
Working at 7am makes it difficult when < PROPFEMALE > doesnt have to be to school til 740 .... thank goodness for friends with kids that go to the same school ! Thanks Poe ! 
Getting laundry and bags packed tonight so I don't have to rush around tomarrow night .... can't wait for some work paid time in < PROPFIRST > ! 
No kids tonight ! Whatever shall I do !? lol 
Had a good couple of days in Eugene ... but would love to go home and see my kiddos .... but Cynde is obbessed with shopping here ! :-\\ 
OK Back from < PROPFIRST > and back to work today ... yea !? 
Went to Jazzy's school for open house ... not to exciting , but guess that is good ! She LOVES school and it is going so much better now than it was this time last year ! Not suspended once ! lol .... she won't be either , is doing awesome ! 
Jazzys on the bus and < PROPMALE > is still asleep ... me time ! Yea ! Actually , I bet get ready for work .... of course ! 
figured out the new phone . I feel like listening to some Oasis tonight ... I still have the CD from high school . lol 
Absently watching Desperate Housewives .. cant really get into any shows anymore ... ok thats a fib , I discovered tons of shows last < PROPFIRST > and feb when on maternity leave .. Parking Wars , Operation Repo , Intervention ... and new ones Pickers and the pawn shop one ... 
My lil man just got out of bed , put on his sunglasses and snuggled up on me ... how can you not love kids ! 
BBQ'd with new friends today and enjoyed the sun ! Now kids are bathed and asleep ... :) 
Getting house ready for Halloween !!! Will post pics later ... 
Just sitting outside enjoying the sun on my last break ! 
I miss She-ra and He-man ... some chick just walked by in a she-ra shirt ... lol 
Had people over for dinner ... and they lived ! lol ... was actually really good . Thank you crock pot ! 
Is taking the kids to go work in Jasmines school garden now .... should be fun after last nights rain . 
guesses its time to put her raft away .... dont think there will be anymore hot enough days for that anytime soon ! 
Explain to me how thw beer floats to the bottom of the cooler ... llol 
Cupcakes in the oven !!! Now I'm going to look online to see what kinda car I want to get ... rather dream about itsince its gonna < PROPFEMALE > few months ... lol 
And the count down to Vegas begins ... lol 
I think today will be lazy day .... do not want to start packing .... do not want to clean ... I may pull a < PROPFIRST > Fillible and post some OLD pics later ... if I'm not being too lazy ! 
Ok ... just gave my 30 notice to landlord .. kinda nervous as I dont have a new place yet . She did call back and offered to take $100 off the rent ... told her I'd think about it for the day ! 
Trying to clean .. but my carpet shampooer hasnt worked right since i loaned it out ... kinda counter productive ... think I'll watch a movie instead ! 
Jazzys homework , brownies and dinner done by 5:30 ! now baths , bedtime story and bed ... this is all going to smooth ... hmmm 
Jazzy'sin the tub singing opera ... or \oprah\ " as she calls it ! lol " 
Ok ... going to Vegas and want to make the most of it this time . Any suggestions ??? 
Getting nipply out ! Going to rain on my weekend off of course . Guess I'll pay in the mud at the pumpkin patch ! lol 
I THINK I may just be the happiest person in the world right now ! 
Sooo hard to go back to work after a weekend off ... 
Yep ... still happy .... its almost sickening ... lol 
Happy Birthday Mom ! ; ) 
It's my Friday ! Yea for me 
so when I sent out the text with my new cellnumber , I thought the signature was on ... and it wasnt so got like 40 texts ... who is this ... lol .... that'll teach me ! 
I wish it would rain .... might put me to sleep ... 
Beetlejuice is on ! 
YEA , I am 21 !!!! 
Actually doing something for my birthday ! wow .... 
Thanks everyone for all the happy b-days ! It was good ! 
will I ever get to sleep in again ? Before my kids are teenagers ??? 
Halloween decos down ... me and Jazzy cleaned her room ... Linda I hope u work tomarrow cause all those kinks u worked out of my neck are back ... 
you know you have a true friend when you've known each other over 20 years and still can talk for hours ! 
I can even mess up take and bake .... damn broiler ... ugh 
wow ... seriously , somepeople just live in their own world and make up their own reality . I wish I could live like that ... just string life along and what ... forget cause you smoked one bowl to many well eff u 
good day off ... picked < PROPFEMALE > up from school and she asked if she could vaccum for me !!! 
I have recently figured out that the people that have to point out that they dont like drama usually cause most of it ! And there are plenty of drama KINGS out there too ! 
another fun day at bimart ...?! 
Just loves getting up early on my day off to get Jazzy up and ready for school ... Jake should be waking up anytime now too ! 
so excited Jazzys scholl has parents night out tonight ! Where else can you find trustworthy care for ur kids for $5 ?! And they get to do crafts and watch mvoies .... plus i get a much needed movie night with friends !!! 
Jazzys Christmas program tonight ... cute pics to com ... lol 
our local Charter cable office sucks ! My daughter could do better customer service than the dip hole I dealt with today ! I want my cord back freaks ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to everyone ! 
Jasmines staying the night at a friends and Jakes asleep and all I can think to do is post it here ... lol ... maybe I'll read a book . 
I quit drinking soda and started working out on my wii fit every night and gained 2 pounds in the last week ... i'm gonna call it muscle ... lol 
Wow I got my w2s earlier then normal this year .... usually wait til the last few days . Yea , get to visit my dad soon then ! 
Happy 7th Birthday to my < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > today ! 
had Jasmines bday party with her friends today . Nothing feels as acomplished and peaceful when its all done and cleaned up ! 
