Ich mag grünen Traktoren , nicht rot . 

wow .. one minute im happy n the next i feel like crap ... all because of you . y is it so hard for me but easy for you ? i really dont understand ... i am so confused about everything right now . 
is going to hv sum funn !! :P txt the celly or if ur brave enough call ;) lol . 
jus got done laying out in the pool :) i luv summer !!! c/t the celly .. plz ! im bored . 
-me n < PROPFEMALE > hhad some fun . 
ohh boy , wat a nite ... im kinda tired , n hv allergies ... again ! :( 
~ Dance with God , because he will let the perfect guy cut in <3 
jus went for a run and took a shower :) cant wait for next weekend !! 
-It's amazing how you can speak right to my heart , without saying a word you can light up the dark . Try as I may I could never explain , what I hear when you don't say a thing . <3 
~ i rather be hated for who i am , than loved for what im not . 
- Sometimes you just need to be with the person who makes you smile , even if it means waiting <3 
- haha me n < PROPFEMALE > ordered a pizza n have no way of getting it :) 
it feels good to be home again ! call/txt my celly :) 
~ they say that time heals wounds , but all it's done for me so far is make me miss you more ~ 
~ they tell me to follow my heart ... but what if all my heart does is lead me to more confussion ? ik i love you , but i dont know how you feel about me :\\ 
- my whole life , as i know it , is changing .. so much heart ache and to many tears ... im trying to keep a smile on my face , but the act is getting old .. i jus wanna be happy :( 
- I'm movin ' on . At last I can see , life has been patiently waiting for me . And there's no guarantees , but i'm not alone . There comes a time in everyones lives when all you can see is the years passing by , and I have made up my mind that those days are go 
- We've got to hold on to what we got , it doesn't make a difference if we make it or not . We've got each other and that's a lot for love . We'll give it a shot .... Ohhh we're half way there . Ohhh livin ' on a prayer . Take my hand we'll make it I swear . Livi 
~ The only thing that stays the same is change . ~ 
~ Another day has come and gone . Can't imagine what else could go wrong . Sometimes I would like to hide away somewhere and lock the door , a single battle lost but not the war . Cause tomorrows another day and I'm thirsty anyway , so bring on the rain . It's a 
- Tell me you love me just like you used to do , hold me tonight even though you don't want to . Stay here beside me , tell me its alright . ' Cause I don't wanna cry again tonight , no I don't wanna cry again tonight . 
[ praying tht everything is gonna work out , n tht i will be happy again soon ] ( btw , im srry !! ) :] 
wants to know wats going on .... /: 
-Have you ever felt alone in a crowded room ? - 
has been cleaning aunties house all day , ewwww . ( get better soon . ) going to AnAmOsA now ;; hopefully gonna have sum fun !!!! :) 
had alot of fun last nite ! after getting home this morning fell back asleep n had a bad dream :( ( i hate them ) ... going back to aunties to clean again with grandma .. yippee .... 
doesnt kno wats going on today yet ... got to get sum1 to acolyte for me on saturday tho cuz were going to ANAMOSA ;; cant wait (: 
needs to finish laundry then get my stuff packed so i can be ready < PROPFEMALE > mom gets home . still need to find sum1 to acolyte tho :o but i really cant wait to jus leave !!!!! this weekends gonna be amazing !!!!!! :) 
is headed to Anamosa til monday ! (: 
~ If you get there before I do , don't give up on me . I'll meet you when my chores are through , I don't know how long I'll be . But I'm not gonna let you down , darling wait and see . And between now and then , til I see you again I'll be loving you . Love , me . 
- I remember the days we spent together were not enough . And it used to feel like dreaming except we always woke up . Never thought not having you here would hurt so much . Tonight I've fallen and I can't get up . I need your loving hands to come and pick me 
~ how come every time i think things are gonna get better they get worse ?! im so sick of it all ! :'( 
is home and bored . 
has a really bad head ache :( 
again , things get worse . im jus want this all to be over ! i dont feel so good :'( 
again , things get worse . I jus want this all to be over ! I dont feel so good :'( 
( more packing today ... maybe ? ) 
is getting my hair cutt tomorrow , n then spending the day with grandma . 
is going to get my hair cut :) then hanging out with grandma for the day ! text me ! 
is not sure what i'm gonna do today .. 
is at the camper again .. txt me . 
is gonna go paddle boating :) bbl . 
(( tonight i've fallen and i can't get up . i need your loving hands to come and pick me up , and every night i miss you i can just look up , and know the stars are holdin ' you holdin ' you holdin ' you tonight . <3 )) 
isnt really looking forward to tomorrow :( but i'll make the best of it ... been packing all day and i am really tired . 
~ summers over :( school tomorrow and not really looking forward to it .... txt me ! 
is so ready for the weekend ! i really dont like school :( and all this packing and going through things isnt helping much ... oh well .... i will get through it . txt me . :) 
jus found out my great gma is in the hospital cuz she fell , she has a broken jaw and shoulder and might hv internal bleeding . her eyes are swollen shut and she has many cuts on her face . she is getting a brain scan tomorrow to see if there is any brain damage . :( 
is going to ANAMOSA :) 
~ All I think about is how to make you think of me and everything that we could be . And I just wanna show you , she don't even know you . She's never gonna love you like I want to . And you see right through me , but if you only knew me , we could be a beautiful , miracle , unbelievable .. instead I'm just invisible . 
~ why are boys so difficult ? 
~ love is patient , love is kind , it always protects , always trusts , always hopes , always perseveres . love never fails . 1 corinthians 13:4 , 7-8 <3 
~ I'm falling for you even though I know your only playing with my heart . Tomorrow might be hell , but a night or two of loving you is better than never at all , and I can't help myself . So I'll just hold on , I'll just hold on , I'll just hold on , until you gone . ~ 
~ i have lost all control and i need you now . ~ 
-i think that the worst feeling is being forgotten by someone you will never forget . :\\ 
is hopefully gonna have an amazing nite with the girls :) 
~ im so sick of you ... your not worth my time . 
~ Im goin home , gonna load my shotgun , wait by the door , lite a cigarette . If he wants a fite well now hes got one , and he aint seen me crazy yet . Slapped my face and shook me like a rag doll , dont he sound like a real man ? Im gonna show him what little girls are made of , gunpowder and lead . ~ 
is excited for to nite but also nervous .. hopefully every thing goes ok and we have a good time :) 
LiVe YoUr LiFe :) 
.. sometimes i get so confused and dont know what to say or do ... im srry , i guess ... 
is in wisconsin with cylina !!!! having a blast n dont wanna go back home tomorrow . talking to FFRRRAANNCCYY all day was kinda nice lol . 
~ It's time to stop pretending I don't love you anymore . ~ 
~ Happy Thanksgiving Ya'll :) 
It’s Thanksgiving dinner ; Let’s not be late ; There’s lots of good food , So fill up your plate . With pie at the end , It can’t be beat ; Hooray for Thanksgiving , There’s so much to eat ! 
~ If you jump I will jump too , we will fall together , from the buildings ledge . Never looking back at what was done , we'll say it was love . ' Cuz I would die for you on skyway avenue . ~ 
~ need a new profile pic . which one ?? 
AbSoLuTeLy LoViNg LiFe ! :) 
~ The greatest mistake you can make in life is to be continually fearing you will make one . ~ 
Ich habe Ritter Sport Schokolade ! Lecker Lecker ! Es ist die beste Schokolade in der Welt . 
Iowa : What happens in the corn field , stays in the corn field ! :) 
Pink , Orange , Yellow , and Blue stripes :) 
Going to the < PROPMALE > Paisley , < PROPFIRST > Moore , and < PROPFEMALE > Lambert concert tonight with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > !!!! <3 :) 
AnOtHeR SnOw DaY ! :) 
RIP < PROPMALE > Conley . 
~ a hundred hearts would be to few , to < PROPFEMALE > all the love i have for you ~ 
going bowling :) 
Happy Valentines Everyone !! <3 
When one door of happiness closes , another opens , but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one that has been opened for us . <3 
Love is Unstoppable <3 
I love < PROPFIRST > English and < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Fossen ! :) 
Happy Pi Day :) 
Went for a run :) 
- Speak when you are angery and you will make the best speech you will ever regret . :( 
Love - a wildly misunderstood although highly desirable malfunction of the heart which weakens the brain , causes eyes to < PROPFEMALE > , cheeks to glow , blood pressure to rise and the lips to pucker . 
Pictures today :) 
Done with pictures :) 
i played monopoly for 2 hrs and 30 < PROPFEMALE > , the first time i hv ever played , i won ! 
Good day ? I think so ! :) 
So I lay my head back down And I lift my hands and pray to be only yours I pray to be only yours I know now you're my only hope <3 
It's a great day to be alive , I know the suns still shining when I close my eyes . Theres some hard times in the neighborhood , but why can't every day be just this good . :) 
Can't wait for the weekend !!!!! 
goodnight :) 
They didn't understand it and I tried to make them see , that one is only poor only if you choose to be . It was true we didnt have no money , but I was < PROPMALE > as I could be in my coat of many colors , my momma made for me . (: 
DaNcE MoR !!! :) 
Did lovers really fall in love to stay , stand beside eachother come what may ? Was a promise really something people kept , not just something they would say and forget ? Did families really bow their heads to pray ? Did daddies really never go away ? A woah woah Grandpa , tell me ' bout the good old days . 
~ The underlying problem with many Backstabbers is a lack of self-esteem - Thanks for telling everyone what I trusted you with , I thought you were better then that . ~ 
~ I pray ur tire blows out at 110 . I pray u pass out drunk with ur best friend nd wake up with his nd her tattoos . I pray ur brakes go out runnin down a hill . I pray a flowerpot falls from a window sill nd knocks u in the head like I’d like to . I pray ur birthday comes nd nobody calls . I pray ur flyin high when ur engine stalls . I pray all ur dreams never come true . Just know where ever u are < PROPFEMALE > , I pray for u . ~ 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes !!! :) They mean a lot ! 
Mud runnin !!!!! 
Watching Pocahantas on vhs :) 
Hanging with the boys tonight :) 
I never thought I would have to go through losing one of my best friends again but I guess I was wrong ... Im really sad and upset ... I miss you <3 
We always thought we'd look back on our tears and laugh , but we never thought we'd look back on our laughter and cry ... I love you , forever ... you're my best friend . 
\Delta < PROPFEMALE > 
People are so disrespectful and immature . GROW UP ! 
~ Somtimes I'm a selfish fake , your always a true friend . I don't deserve you ' cause I'm not there for you . Please forgive me again . I wanna be there for you . Someone you can come to . Runs deeper than my bones . I wanna be there for you . ~ 
Some day we'll all have perfect wings :) 
Going to Missouri with Curti . 
Hurt my back :( but other than that lifes great ! :) 
Country Girls can Survive :) 
sick :( 
CaMpInG <3 
You make me smile :) 
Oh I believe there are angels among us , sent down to us from somewhere up above , they come to you and me in our darkest hours , to show us how to live , teach us how to give and guide us with a light of love . 
At the farm all day .... now sun burnt :/ 
:) 
I climbed up the door and opened the stairs , \ 
Said my pajamas and put on my prayers , \ 
Then I turned off the bed and crawled into the light\ 
All because you kissed me goodnight ! :) 
Up until now I had sworn to myself that im content with loneliness , because none of it was ever worth the risk . But darlin ' you are the only exception . <3 
If you believe in God and you believe in yourself , you have nothing to worry about . 
Another night at the fair :) 
Someday we'll all have perfect wings :) 
It's a secret no one tells . One day it's heaven , one day it's hell . It's no < PROPFEMALE > tale , take it from me . That's the way it's supposed to be . You will fly and you will crawl . God knows even angels fall . No such thing as you lost it all . God knows even angels fall . <3 love <3 
feeling sorta sickish :( 
Hopefully today will be a good day :) 
so sick of getting blown off ! 
It's a new day . 
We're free , free as we'll ever be :) 
Got a Droid !!!! 
There's gotta be more to life ... then chasing down every temporary high , to satisfy me . Cause the more that I'm ... trippin ' out thinkin ' there must be more to life . Well it's life .. but im sure .. there's gotta be more . 
I will remember you . Will you remember me ? 
Throwing cheese at dead cats is mean !! 
Live . Laugh . Love . 
I know one thing , that I love you . I love you , I love you , I love you . 
There ain't no place that I'd rather be . Next to you sittin ' next to me . 
There's a better place , where our father waits , and every tear he'll wipe away . The darkness will be gone , the weak will be strong . Hold on to your faith . There will come a day <3 
I look around and all I see is your happiness embracing me :) 
They're my guardian angels , and I know they see . Every step I'm taking they are watching over me . I might not know where I'm going , but I sure know where I'm from . They're my guardian angels , and I'm their special one . 
Gonna be a fun night ! :) 
I love being ignored .... 
I love you . 
In the end , it’s not the years in your life that count . It’s the life in your years . <3 
Her favorite color is chrome ! :) 
AdVeNtUrElAnD ! :) 
Bass Pro Shop and Uncle Bucks ! 
Baby just look at us all this time and we're still in love\ 
Something like this just don't exist\ 
Between a backwoods boy and a < PROPFEMALE > tale princess\ 
People said it would never work out\ 
Living our dreams has shattered all doubts\ 
It feels good to prove ' em wrong\ 
Living our love song 
You are my guardian angel ... 
RIP Fluffer :'( 
Weekend with the girls :) 
I miss Curti <3 
Soooo tired ! 
2 days out of Iowa is long enough for me ! 
' Is this heaven ? ' ' No , its Iowa . ' ( so happy to be home !!! ) 
She's fifteen and he's barely driven a car . She's got his ring and he's got the keys to her heart . It's just a matter of time , they'll spread their wings and fly . Like two sparrows in a hurricane trying to find their way . With a head full of dreams and faith that can move anything . They've heard it's all uphill , but all they know is how they feel . The world says they'll never make it , love says they will . ? Curti . 
Funny how your dead and people start listenin ' <3 
I want opinions ! Should I get a perm ?? 
If I tell you I love you , can I keep you forever ? 
I'm gonna be somebody , someday . 
True love never ends <3 Thank you so much for this amazing year Curti . I love you . Happy 1 Year Anniversary . :) I <3 < PROPFIRST > English ! 
:'( I miss you . 
Baby you're all that I want \ 
When you're lyin ' here in my arms \ 
I'm findin ' it hard to believe \ 
We're in heaven \ 
And love is all that I need \ 
And I found it there in your heart \ 
It isn't too hard to see \ 
We're in heaven <3 \ 
* Come home Curti * 
I'm falling even more in love with you\ 
Letting go of all I've held onto \ 
I'm standing here until you make me move \ 
I'm hanging by a moment here with you \ 
I'm living for the only thing I know \ 
I'm running and not quite sure where to go \ 
And I don't know what I'm diving into \ 
Just hanging by a moment here with you <3 
Ich liebe < PROPFIRST > English mehr als alles in der Welt für immer und ewig und einen Tag . 
I've been saved by the grace of the southern charm :) 
Why do I try ? 
Don't let your life pass you by . 
We're just like you , only prettier :) 
South moves North , North moves South . A < PROPFEMALE > is born a < PROPFEMALE > burns out . The only thing tht stays the same is everything changes , everything changes . 
My oh my you're so good lookin , but who are you when I'm not lookin . 
My life is like a roller coster . 
Love is the rhythm of two hearts beating , pounding out a message steady and true . Talk to me baby tell me what your feeling . I know what love is , what's it to you ? 
Miracles happen every day . 
He is good so good . He treats your little girl like a real man should . He is good so good . He makes promises he keeps oh he's never gonna leave . So don't you worry about me . 
He's perfect :) 
Don't laugh at me\ 
Don't call me names\ 
Don't get your pleasure from my pain\ 
In God's eyes we're all the same\ 
Someday we'll all have perfect wings\ 
Don't laugh at me <3 
Christmas is a necessity . There has to be at least one day of the year to remind us that we're here for something else besides ourselves 
The best way to prepare for life is to begin to live <3 
I love you ... 
City of Angels !! Yay I love this movie . Time to grab a blanket and box of kleenex ! lol . 
I will love you forever ... 
<3 At last I can see life has been patiently waiting for me . And I know theres no guarentees , but Im not alone . <3 
