We're back from a few days away . The kitties are so happy to see us ! 

We went to the county fair today ! I had my first orange shake-up , yummy ! We looked at all the vegetables , crafts , and baking . Now I want to enter next year . < PROPFEMALE > got too hot to go look at the cows , but maybe next time . 
satellite tv is fried ! aaagh ! 
had a very long night , but everyone kept their spirits up . Thanks to my hospital buddies for staying cheerful . 
phew ! what a week ! two whole days of nothing ! 
and < PROPFEMALE > managed to get a pill into < PROPMALE > tonight . We only have one serious scratch each and a black < PROPFEMALE > who hates us . Not looking forward to another dose in 12 hours . 
had a good day off after a long night on call . And my < PROPFEMALE > is back ! The vet said we could stop the pill torture so he has come out of hiding . 
< PROPFEMALE > and I went to the Japanese Festival at the MBG yesterday . I bought myself a plush Totoro the size of two basketballs . Should I feel guilty for enjoying the envious looks from all the teens in Manga outfits ? 
' s computer has decided to interact with the internet again . I feel connected again ! 
Off to see Lady < PROPFEMALE > today . I haven't gotten up this early in days ! 
The Statue of < PROPFEMALE > was great . We went up in the podium and had a good look around . Pictures to come ... 
rainy day . I think we're gonna work on the tree . 
We saw the Toy Story double feature . Big fun in 3D ! 
thinks there is nothing better than a warm cat on her lap after a long day . 
We made it to New Orleans ! Ugh . I hate driving ... 
We just got back from Emeril's Delmonico's in New Orleans . Some dishes were fantastic ! The other dishes we had fun trying to decide what Top Chef judges would say about them . Tomorrow we're going to a cooking demonstration . I wonder if Emeril will come ... 
P.S. Doesn't anyone have a request for something ?! It's no fun going into shops without a mission . We're putting together some NO baskets for Festival of Trees . Any suggestions as to what to put in ? 
oh , and just to make my boss feel better , I then spend three hours in lectures back at the conference ... 
Finally done with lectures . We get one full day to explore < PROPFEMALE > . I think I've convinced < PROPFEMALE > we don't have to be cultural . So we're just going to wander the Quarter . 
Back to the salt mines tomorrow ... 
We stayed up way too late working on tree and other projects for the festival . Now I have a headache and a way too full bowl of halloween < PROPFEMALE > . No visitors at all last night , sigh . 
haircuts today ! somehow we forgot to make appointments at the last appointment so then we got really behind . < PROPFEMALE > is a shaggy mess and I have roots to be embarrassed about ! all fixed by five o'clock! 
Home from haircuts and supper out . We look Marvelous ! < PROPFEMALE > colored and trimmed us to perfection . Then , she did practice looks for the Festival of Trees < PROPFEMALE > ( 2 weeks from tonight ! ) . Check out < PROPFEMALE>'s new profile photo to see her pretty curls . Mine started aching , so I forgot to take a picture . Now back to work on the tree ... 
is home from a quick trip to the ' rents . Back to the salt mines in the morning . 
is wondering how many more women can go into labor tonight ?! 
was so busy yesterday that she didn't even check facebook until now . Terrible ... 
will be decorating the tree ( finally ! ) later today . Wish us luck . 
is home from decorating the tree ! We did it all in one day . In past years it has been two . Mom came to help , so it was faster . It makes me worry that we didn't make enough ornaments though . Over 300 for a 7 ft tree is enough , right ? < PROPFEMALE > will be posting pictures soon . 
is at her parents ' house . Nobody is up but me . Very strange . Big preparations to start sometime ... 
just got back from a mani/pedi . There's nothing better than feeling well tended . 
See below for my really cool Christmas Farm !! 
just finished a black and bleu fluffy burger . Now onto present wrapping ... Later there will be the Phineas and Ferb Christmas Vacation Special ! 
hates waiting ... 
wonders why Mother Nature thinks she needs reminder about how miserable a cold is . 
is reminding herself that a cold always gets better later in the day , right ? Tons of tea to come ... 
is a little better today . Thanks go to the OB gods who let me sleep on call . 
Poul's coming for Christmas ! Poul's coming for Christmas ! Poul's coming for Christmas ! ( you'll have to imagine me dancing around because I look too silly to be photographed ) 
wants to thank everyone for the Birthday wishes . I had a very nice day with breakfast in bed and then shopping in Champagne . now it's back to the salt mines ... 
was relieving pain all night . Now I'm exhausted . sleep please ... 
So we're having Christmas < PROPFEMALE > at our house because Poul just got in this afternoon . < PROPFEMALE > agreed to delay his visit until tomorrow , which was very nice considering how tired he must get . 
is having Holiday Letdown . Everybody is gone and the house is quiet . On the other hand , everyone is gone and the house is quiet . 
why does everyone seem to think making my status about a cause will do anything for the cause ? 
< PROPMALE > got to go out for the first time in a while ( it was so cold ) . Now he's not back and it's dark and he's black and I'm worried ! 
Well , after some not quite distracting enough farmville , guess who sauntered in looking all smug ? he then proceeded to eat everything in his bowl and then throw it up . Too bad I love the little guy or I'd throw him out the window . 
just bought a new printer/scanner . Watch out everybody ! 
Help ! I'm stuck under a large gray < PROPFEMALE > who won't stop purring ! 
Why do facebook ads have to constantly remind me of my age ?! 
Labor should be more civilized . I'm happy to do epidurals all evening up to about midnight . After that , labor should just pause if you don't have your epidural yet . We'll put it in in the morning . 
finally finished the silly ( really , it was bad ) hidden object game that < PROPFEMALE > started . Now I can go back to my regular silly games ... 
So , for anyone who doesn't know yet ... I am pregnant , due September 1 . < PROPFEMALE > and I are very excited . 
is amazed that the hormones of pregnancy can be so powerful . Things that were only difficult are now impossible . It will get better , right ? 
and , to top it off ! We found out today that my favorite name ( if it's a boy ) is used by white supremacists and anti-abortion murders as a call to action . Goodbye , Phineas , we'll have to think of something else . 
well , I don't feel any better from my cold , but gotta go to work today . Hope I don't pass it to anyone ... 
' s big Saturday night activity was a trip to Walgreen's for cough medicine . Violent coughing and pregnant bladders do not mix well . 
got a little cleaning done . Unfortunately , the reason I was cleaning that closet ( trying to find the architectural plans for our house ) has not been fulfilled . 
just got home from the OR . Just a small case , but they always come just before you're about to get in bed ! 
had no calls from OB all weekend . It's eerie . Did we have no babies or is there a \natural\ " trend that will bankrupt the anesthesiology department ? " 
is back from the ultra-sound . < PROPFEMALE > is posting a picture or two . I'll share them for those of you who aren't friends with her . The big question ... Probably a GIRL !! The tech couldn't be 100% because he didn't see girl parts but there were certainly no boy parts . Baby is growing well , right on target . So it's all good news ! 
Yes , < PROPFEMALE > and I are home . I sat down to check facebook and now I'm stuck under a gray lump who sheds . Poor me . 
is stuck again . This time it's the black lump . He doesn't shed , but the claws are sharp . 
Dear Lord , Thank you for the lives of < PROPFIRST > Swayze , < PROPFEMALE > Fawcett , and < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > who died last year . This year , please help those who pray for the deaths of others to understand this behavior is not productive , not funny , and definitely not in line with any main line religion I am aware of . Thank you for Spring . Amen . 
I'm having a nice pajama day at home . nothing better . 
is on call today . 
Is still on call and still at the hospital . Why is there always an appendix just when we're otherwise ready to go home ? 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is getting his 8th divorce , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > is possibly getting married for a 9th time , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and Tiger Woods are sleeping with everything , yet the idea of same-sex marriage is what is going to destroy the institution of marriage ?? REALLY ??... Feel free to copy and paste if you agree ! 
< PROPFEMALE > is making blueberry pancakes for Sunday breakfast ! ( don't look at the time , the time is irrelevant . ) 
is stuck under a black < PROPFEMALE > again . He always seems to settle into my lap about 5 minutes before bedtime . 
got paged at 0430 because somebody can't read a call schedule !!!! 
A few weeks ago I was mildly worried because everybody kept asking me about fetal movement and I hadn't felt any . Now the little blessed alien won't stop dancing on my bladder ! Careful what you wish for ... 
is home from the hospital . Too many babies are coming way too early this weekend ! 
maternity clothes are so horrible . 
has a new , even shorter , haircut . Anything to cool me down . 
is npo for the glucose test at 9 . Why couldn't the kitties let me sleep a little longer ?! 
I just saw < PROPFEMALE > ! She looks great and the baby is really cute . All is well with both . She sends her love to everyone on the OR and appreciated the support she got from everyone . She promises pictures soon . 
They just delivered hospital meal #4 . It's supposed to be the last one , but ... 
is the least patient person on the planet ! 
is HOME !!!! 
just had a wonderful nap in a real bed ! So I'm on real bed rest with only bathroom priviledges . < PROPFEMALE > and I are trying to plan activities for bed and I picked out several books already . I'm trying to look on the bright side ; maybe I'll get some CME done ! ( just kidding , I'm starting a book on British history instead . ) 
is finishing another day on bed rest . I slept most of it . ( I'm recovering from the night at the hospital . ) < PROPFEMALE > made me an apple pie , yum . 
needs reminding that < PROPFEMALE > and I are not completely bonkers for having a baby . 
So , at 5 am the cat comes and wakes me up urgently . He says he wants the little door open and food . So I get up , open the door and fill the bowls . Then he neither goes out or eats ! Second day in a row he's done this . Good thing he's really soft and can be quite cuddly sometimes or who knows what might happen to him . 
is now on BP medicine . Despite all my good behavior ( I really have been in bed or recliner for over two weeks ) my BP is still right on the borderline or just above . So , Dr. B started Aldomet today . What strikes me as funny is that this is one of the oldest drugs on the market , weak and short acting , so I have to pop a pill FOUR times a day . Well , I guess I don't have anything else to do ! 
just had a marvelous time at my baby shower . Thanks to everybody who came and was a good sport about the AC not working very well . Everybody was very generous . But the best part was getting to see people and enjoy good food . 
Monday . I'm back in my chair . ( not that I ever really left ! ) 
So today I started wandering around the kitchen/livingroom without even noticing what I was doing . < PROPFEMALE > and Mom had to tell me to go sit down . I don't know how much longer I can do this ... 
If you're friends with < PROPFEMALE > you just saw this , but if you're not ... \ 
We have changed our home phone number to 217 234 9376 . Since we still don't really use our cell phones , this is the best way to reach us . 
scheduled a haircut for Monday ! I'm so excited for my rare field trip ! 
is now freshly shorn . I feel clean and cool . It was nice to leave the house for an hour too ! 
Well , I think I'll go back to laying down . Wait , when did I stop doing that ? 
Update : Dr. Benson says he may want to deliver this baby as early as next week ! Eeek ! As much as I'd like to be off bedrest , I'm not ready . Well , one day at a time ... 
In hospital . Waiting for something interesting to happen . I'll let y'all know if it does . 
feels like a cow , a very happy one . 
Bilirubin is down to 13 ! ( normal)\ 
No more glow in the dark baby ! No more daily trips to the lab ! \ 
Met our permanent pediatrician , < PROPFEMALE > Leifheit , today too . I like her very much and she thought Ziggy was perfect ( her good taste is a < PROPFIRST > of what a good doctor she will be ) . She started on Aug 2 and can also be known as < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE>'s ( OB nurse , extraordinaire ) daughter . \ 
More pictures to come ... 
is home from call , has a warm < PROPFEMALE > in her lap , and can hear sleeping baby noises from the next room . What could be better ? 
Was about to leave the hospital to go vote when we got called to try to save a leg . Looks like either activity was useless . 
thinks cats need to learn to read calendars . I don't have to get up at 5 am on Saturdays ! The baby got me up at 4 so I already fed the little #$%s ! now I want to sleep ! 
had a low key T-day . Thankful for my sister who takes care of me and my daughter who makes me smile . \ 
\ 
I just wish the operators at the hospital could get the schedule right . Calling my home phone , thus waking the baby , at 5 am when I'm not on call is not OK ! 
Ziggy is amazing . She's a cute , little miracle that can produce a ginormous belch that would make any lumberjack proud ! 
morning is way too early . 
Ziggy has popped her first tooth ! What a thing to be early on . 
Thanks so much for all the Birthday Wishes ! \ 
< PROPFEMALE > and I had a great day . We went for facials ! She made me a yummy cake . Then we played with Ziggy . Back to work tomorrow ! 
teething sucks ! 
Ziggy is getting through the teething . She is quite cheerful in between being miserable . Right now , she is looking really cute in a new sleeper she got from her Uncle Poul for Christmas . She is starting to pretend crawl , she does the moves , but doesn't get anywhere ! It's so cute ! 
hApPy NeW yEaR ! 
post call bliss : slept in , quiet house , slowly eating breakfast . wish this could be everyday . 
Ziggy's new skill is blowing raspberries . The best part is she thinks it is an essential skill so feels a need to really practice ! 
Ziggy has a new highchair ! Built it from the flat-pack myself ! ( proud Mom sticks out her chest and roars ! ) 
woo hoo ! respect for teachers gets a standing ovation ! 
fully fund the community colleges ! 
he didn't really say what he'd do about immigration , but at least he pledged to discuss it thoroughly . 
what are those guys reading ?! one of them looks like he's doing a crossword ! pay attention ! 
insurance reform ! thank you . 
that's right ! suggest changes , improve the law . but stop the repeal at any cost rhetoric . 
can you believe a secretary of defense that agrees to cuts ? 
I like calling tax breaks and loop holes \spending \"." 
malpractice reform ! please ! 
I think we've heard this reorganize the government stuff before . 
no earmarks ! show me . I'll believe it when I see it . 
we'd rather build a hospital at the bottom of the < PROPMALE > than a fence at the top . let's put the same energy into safety and prevention that we do into rescue ! 
more snow ?! God's sense of humor is baffling me . 
