hello ( facebook ) world . 

is in atlanta ... on a solo gig ... suffering from Insomnia . 
The wait is killing me ... My baby girl is supposed to be here in 5 days ... I'm going to be a dad ... scary , huh ? 
percocet + Cyclobenzaprine + heating pad = no more back pain ... for now . 
so tired ... need more sleepy time . 
spent 7 hours at the hospital only to be sent home for the night . Still no baby ... but its looking good for tomorrow :) 
Well , baby < PROPFEMALE > has been poked , proded , and baked overnight . The jaundice is gone and all is well . :) 
No more umbilical cord for < PROPFEMALE > . Time for her first real bath . 
folks we have a w00t off !! www.woot.com 
the wind is howling ! its so loud it sounds like a firetruck driving by ... constantly . 
crap ... the loud talkers in the office have moved down to this end . whos bright idea was this ? they're amazed that they can \totally hear you from all the way down here\ " . You suck . Where are my headphones ?... " 
who said you have to sing nursery rhymes to babies ? < PROPFEMALE > seems to like < PROPFEMALE > drinking songs . :) 
so apparently my wife got onto my facebook and found some of her friends ... Kinda surprised she didn't change my profile pic too . Is you're account not good enough for you anymore < PROPFEMALE > ? jeez ... 
Theres too many ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Wl_uQOABxg 
so I'm off the back-stretcher torture device , had a beer to wash down the percocet and now my back is feeling better .... and my head feels like its gonna roll right off my neck . But I can still type . So ... I think thats a win , right ? 
If you're looking for vinyl decals or lettering , I am the guy . I've got lots of designs , or I can do some custom work for you . send me a msg , i'll hook you up . 
Got the car done over the weekend . well , done enough ... It now has blinkers , lights , dashboard and even a stereo . We even did a backyard alignment . It runs good and drives straight . :) 
we have a woot off people !!! www.woot.com 
Gotta love woot shirts ... http://shirt.woot.com/ 
Woot Off : Day 2 !! www.woot.com 
If you're tired of being told to copy and paste different messages to show your support , friendship , hatred , etc for any number of topics , copy this message and paste it on all your friends walls just to show how you really feel . 
the best state of the union address I've seen since before 2000 . It makes me hopeful to hear our president call for the different parties to work together in order to bring change and improvement . 
... pain killers have worn off , can't sleep , back hurts . no me gusta . 
apparently the trick to overcoming this pain is all the regular pills and a glass of scotch . I am off to sleepy land now . :) 
The doctor said I need a backiotomy ! 
woooo ... the pain killers have kicked in . ' ~ ' 
went to the ER this morning . the pain in my back when from a 6 to well over 11 . They gave me valium and 3 injections of what was supposed to be bad ass pain killers . didn't help at all . So they sent me home ... gotta love hospitals . 
best part of my day ? Holding my 3 month old baby girl while she slept . It made me forget about all the horrible back pain I had today . 
still up ... wandering around the internetz ... 
... and I'm back on the radar . God forbid I offer an opinion on anything . I should have known better though ... People always take any idea I voice in writing wrong . Apparently I need to offer opinions only when I'm face to face with the people . 
watching Sin City ... I had forgotten how awesome this movie is . 
trainspotting .... still a messed up movie . gotta love it though . :) 
jeez .. i really wish I had something positive to post ... oh , wait ... I have a beautiful daughter and a wonderful wife . :) 
800mg Ibuprofin + 30mg Percocet + 600mg Gabapentin = Pain Relief . :) 
I've been watching a ton of Overhaulin ' ... my car really sucks . :) 
is still laid up with a messed up back . I'm pretty sure these pain killers are the reason my sleep cycle is absolutely jacked . Good thing I've got an appointment thursday for a cortisone injection ... into my spine . :| 
Just watched \Requiem for a Dream\ " for the first time in years . I watched \ " Trainspotting\ " the other day ... I'm quiting the heroin movies cold-turkey ... from now on its only marijuana movies . Have you ever watched a movie about marijuana ... on weed ? :) " 
its hard to convice myself that even though I'm cold , I need to keep laying on the ice packs for my back ... brrrrr 
I'm sorry doc , I could swear you just said that I'm going to need surgery on my back . ... Oh ... that is what you said . shit . 
you know what sounds good , and I mean REALLY good ? a nice glass of Jameson . ooohhh ... yeah . I gotta take care of this craving ... 
I just won a $400 caburetor on ebay for $45 +shipping . Brand new , still in package . :) 
I've decided that since I'm going to be broken and have to take it easy , I'm going to start up a game of FF7 . that'll make it better , right ? 
I really need to stop watching these crazy movies and go to sleep ... 
Well I'm officially in the hospital . Tomorrow : Surgery on my spine . For tonights entertainment I bring to you , Will on Morphine . ( Probably to be continued for most of the weekend ) I've never heard of being dosed BEFORE surgery , but hey these people are professionals , right ? :) 
morphine drip ... 4.0 mL and counting . 
... 8 ... 9 ... 10 ! 10 milliliters of Morphine ! HA HA HA ! I love to Count ! 
for those of you keeping score at home we are now up to 20mL ... feelin ' pretty good . 
I forgot to mention earlier that now it appears that I may not get into surgery tomorrow . However , if I don't make it in tomorrow , I've been assured that I'll be the first one in on Saturday . :( Where is that morphine button ? ... 
So how shitty is this ? I've got a fairly comfortable bed and plenty of great pain killers in my system and yet I am wide awake . :( 
oh goodie ... 6:45 am and I'm still awake from yesterday ... this ought to be a good day . 
No surgery for me yesterday , so I was first in line at 7am today . I have since been bumped to 10:30 or 11am . Not too bad . Except I am now officially on \Gremlin\ " Rules . " 
it really is a freakin ' crap shoot when shift change comes here for the nurses ... I am not a fan . 
It seems like the clock is playing games on me . The only game it IS NOT playing is the one where it speeds up and time flies . :( 
I'm very glad that I have such a loving family and so many great and caring friends . Thank you all for the well wishes over the last few days . I will be recovering at home in the coming few weeks . I'm being told that they will most likely be taking me down to pre-op around 9am with a 3-4 hour procedure to follow . So glad I'm starting down this road to recovery . :) 
This is < PROPFEMALE > on for Will - he's aching but doing well , surgery went as planned so he's resting and working on getting well enough to come home ! 
Folk , we have a WOOT OFF !! www.woot.com 
I am in desperate need of a massage . Turns out when you mess up your back you end up using your arms to move around alot more . Is anyone out there a masseuse or know of one ? 
anybody have an extra xbox live headset ( for free) ? Mine grew legs while I was in the hospital . :( 
I totally blame the medicine I'm on for my messed up sleep schedule . Kind of annoying , but watching the colors change as the sun comes up each morning is actually pretty cool . 
still on bedrest after the surgery . Feeling quite a bit \off\ " ... still blaiming the meds . I just had some pumpkin pie . NOW I'm on my way to recovery . :) " 
\International Eat A Tasty Animal for PETA Day\ " is fast approaching ! I'll make a bacon explosion at my house . Who wants in ? " 
I just had a small glass of < PROPMALE > Zacapa XO .... almost made me forget about all this surgery stuff . :) 
whats this ? another woot off ? Game on !! www.woot.com 
My In-Laws need Cat-5 ran in their house , and I'm still down . Anyone wanna give me a hand in the near future ? I can't pay much , but I'll provide the material , lunch and some brew . 
1st day back at work since the surgery ... 
I'm looking for a new movie . You know , one of those indie-type , unknown writer/director , limited release , makes you think about something in a new way , true work of passion , thought-provoking/entertaining/weird/funny as hell , \I've never heard of it before but I have a friend who told me about it and its awesome\ " kind of movies . A person can only watch Boondock Saints so many times in a day . Any thoughts ? " 
so apparently when a cast iron pipe sits in the ground under a house for 85+ years it becomes extremely brittle and eventually collapses . I'm gonna fix this bastard good ... 
BAM !! New diggs for me ! I'm now at the other end of the office ... Sorry to see you leave < PROPFIRST > , but thanks for the cube . 
holy crap . is there a < PROPFEMALE > convention in seattle ? my plane is full of < PROPFEMALE > s . im actually kind of scared ... i mean , they dont have souls . ( just kidding all you red-heads out there . its your crazy asses that make me seem more normal and well balanced . ) 
How do you know you still have a job from day to day ? For me its when I show up at the office and my badge still works to open the door . you just never know whats gonna happen ... what an exciting job . Always keeps me on my toes . 
Gotta love it when a plea for change and improvement is not only ignored by the higher-ups but they also go on to explain how you're wrong and everything is just peachy . 
we decided to take the fauntleroy ferry across the water ... we chose wrong . :( 
Soup of the Day : Rum ! 
sometimes I feel I've got to ... duhn duhn ... 
wow ... garlic overload . let me just appologize now to anyone that gets to close . ( looks like I get some personal time today :) ) 
new paper towel dispensers at work ... not a fan . 
waiting for an email ? apparently all you have to do is go into the bathroom . you're phone will start blowing up with messages . 
so I had a random cd in the changer this morning and now this song is stuck in my head . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X9uk9IcoQ0w 
happiest part about my work days ? Its when I get to the office and find out that my badge still opens the door . 
Yesterday was full of good news ... but we haven't found out just how good the news is yet . :) ( and no , there aren't anymore babies on the way yet ) 
are you F-ing kidding me ? I mean , I hear the words your saying , but they don't make any sense . You look like you're in pain ... it must hurt to be so stupid . 
... That . Did you see it ? What just happend , did you see it ? That was reality smacking me in the face and showing me that there is absolutely no reason for me to stay . Reality looked me right in the eye and said \You need to devote ALL of your energy and time into finding a new career 
to answer your question , yes i do know of that rule . now answer my question ... does it look like I give a shit ? 
valium : check . noise cancelling headphones : check . window seat ( so those bastards with small bladders or that gd drink cart isnt bothering me ): check . ok pilot lets get this party started . 
Technical Support Rule # 182 : Air gaps will kill you . 
sweet , the demo geared just showed up ... and only 5 hours late . I love my job . 
I'm on a roll . now who else needs me to do their job ? 
so the demo is set , the videos are embedded , and silverfox is here . I guess all I really have to do this morning is start the timer . I hope I don't screw up ... 
it just never fails . My case is either a place to set drinks/garbage , work on laptops or sit ; even if its open . c'mon people ... 
Today's show is brought to you by the word \Cluster\ " and the letter \ " F \"." 
i love it when someone is trying to talk down to me and then I prove that they are the one that screwed up . The next reply on mail is always a bit sheepish and only comes to me . I like to make sure that everyone else on the original email ( The one that I was called out on ) is included in my reply . Does that make me a jerk ? :) 
... and I'm buying stock in goldbond powder ... 
so we just started our show . the presenter is advancing notes , and ... oh wait , there is NOBODY here to advance powerpoint . its funny how fast people scramble . good times all around . :) 
excuse me , may i have your attention for a moment ? I'm going to get a little sappy for a second , so please bear with me . I'd like to thank my wife for being so incredible . i think we would all agree that women are crazy , but my wife is the good kind of cr 
fucking insomnia ... 
work is going well ... I've turned in more applications in the last two weeks than in all the time I've been part of the work force . 
Thank you for calling the department of redundant backup failover solutions , all of our secondary systems are currently down . Please call back later . 
bloody nose , huh ? you'll have to do better than that show gods ... 
over the past 10-12 years I've worked very hard to keep my stress and temper under control ... to somehow make turn stress into laughs . It has helped me better myself and treat those around me fairly . I think this streak is about to an end ... 
http://www.collegehumor.com/video:1938370 
don't worry about it . your job , my job ... i'll do both . its cool ... 
what does the beginning of a nervous breakdown feel like ? 
where are you going ? 
so I finally got to see my daughter after being on the road for like 3 weeks . She stared at me for 20 minutes like she was trying to remember my name . Then I made her laugh and it all came back to her . I'm really glad to be home . 
my work email has been strangely quiet today ... not sure if its broke or not , not sure if I care or not ... 
the internetz is hard .... 
I'm sorry ... If I can't visually verify what this food is , there is no way in hell I'm gonna take your word for it . -- I sure am glad that I put money in the budget for meals ... 
my time off is so close I can taste it ... it tastes like qdoba ... 
this man has a team of people supporting him , and somehow the knucklehead I'm working with thinks it falls to him to find a diet pepsi for the guy ... then gets locked out of the backstage area . 
STEP 1 : Complete . \ 
STEP 2 : Commencing ... 
yep ... totally F'd again . just another day in paradise . 
working a show in Long Beach , CA . Total amateur hour . But its the kind of gig where I just need to be a phone call away . So I'll be across the street at The Auld Dubliner for the rest of the day . This place can't be that \auld\ " ... its got wi-fi ... and boddington's . :) " 
So ... 4 ninjas , 2 robots , a vampire and a super hero walk into a bar . its not the setup for a joke , it just happened ... 
