hey , i finally got back from florida ! 

is so bored right now 
i just ran a bunch . it was so fun 
is so bored 
loves sticky notes !!! 
no one is coming !!! 
fell over a table today . it hurt ... 
needs caffine ... 
feels like she is going to throw up :( 
hates the heat ! 
needs a coffee 
yess ! finally done with homework 
the run at D'Evelyn yesterday was both fun and painful 
really hates math right now and wishes it made sense ! grrr 
finally finished writing 
practice was so hard ! i am in pain ! 
this power point thing sucks 
is super excited for homecoming ! :) 
are you kidding me ! i have 78 messages in my inbox ! 
Rawr ! i am a dinosaur ! 
every cloud has a silver lining , but thousands of people are struck by lighnting trying to find it . 
when i talk to someone , sometimes i use funny words they dont understand . 
ninja skillz are way better than being a vampire 
i think that possibly , maybe im fallin for you ..... 
so round .... so profound .... so great to contemplate ...... belly button . 
yes there's a < PROPMALE > that im fallin quite hard over you 
i dont hate you that much . i hate everyone equally . 
If i set you on fire , would you be mad ? 
Hard work has a future payoff . Laziness pays off now 
this is going to be perfect for skiing ! :) 
if i did a snow dance in my bathing suit for nothing and we still have school tomorrow , i will be very angry 
yeah .... i dont think that whole snow dance thing worked .... 
STUPID FACEBOOK ! 
Rawr ! to facebooks face ! 
if you love someone , put their heart in a circle . hearts can break , but circles can go on forever 
i want popcorn ..... 
my hampster died ..... Rawr ... 
i think i kind of love lazer tag now 
Until tonight , I've never really realized how loud air horns are . 
hmmmm ... i guess they were right . fire IS hot 
We are all a little weird and life's a little weird , and when we find someone whose weirdness is compatible with ours , we join up with them and fall in mutual weirdness and call it love . -Anonymous 
Love is like a homeless guy searching for treasure in the middle of the rain and finding a bag of gold coins , but slowly coming to realize that they are all filled with chocolate , and even thought he's heart broken , he cant complain because he was hungry in the first place . - < PROPFEMALE > Bauer 
is it just me , or are pandas really freaking amazing !? 
definition of thanksgiving : to eat massive amount of food to a point where you might throw up , while simultaneously being sleep inducing , and after all that is done , consume more food , and promptly , fall asleep . what a great holiday 
massive amounts of caffine were consumed today . this is good :D 
i woke up this morining and thought it was friday . then i got to school aned remembered that it was only tuesday . it was really a disapointment to my life 
Within the last 12 minutes , ive probably downted 6 cups of coffee .... this is likely not a good idea , seeing as though i should go to bed soon .... 
If you love something , let it go . If it comes back , then its yours to keep . If it doesn't , then it was never meant to be . 
Only those who risk going too far can find out how far they can go . - some runner i dont know 
I like ramen . do YOU like ramen too ? 
I really kinda wish my house would at least break 60 degrees right now . 
I have come to believe that the whole world is an enigma , a harmless enigma that is made terrible by our own attempt to interpret it as though it had an underlying truth . -Umberto Eco 
today , unfortunately , i gave into Corporate < PROPFEMALE > out of hunger , by consuming not one , but TWO Jr. Bacon Cheeze Burgers from a greasy place called < PROPFEMALE>'s . I feel like such a failure . But I enjoyed every minute of it , right until the second i threw it back up . 
Teach a man to build a fire , and he'll be warm for tonight . Set a man ON fire , and he'll be warm for the rest of his life . 
Stupid kids ! Why cant they just share the Trix ! 
I didn't attend the funeral , but I sent a nice letter saying i approved of it . - < PROPFIRST > Twain 
When you have so much more to do with your life , to be productive and to do things , but you really don't want to , the answer is always Facebook . 
I hate small children . 
It is currently 43 degrees in my room right now . And apparently , iPods don't work in these conditions . Awesome . 
Dead men tell no tales . But sleeping people don't usually have much to say either . 
Duc t-t ape fixes many things , but not everything . 
\I am a leaf on the wind . Watch how i soar . \"" 
I just beat my taco consuming record ! seven tacos ! yeah ! i think i might just throw up now . 
Beef Jerkey ! OM NOM NOM !!! :D 
blaaaaa ............ garble garble blaaaaa ..... 
Videos on Hulu , music , and NOT doing homework . Today was a sucessful day . 
Yeah Facebook . Betcha think you're real cool . 
Sometimes , I forget that celebrities were once people too . Like zombies . 
State skiing was rather beastly . And awesome . 
I miss the days when math had < PROPFIRST > instead of letters . What is this , English ?! 
No , Mrs. Wienberg , this math is not fun . 
Do you like waffles ? Yes we like waffles . Do you like pancakes ? Yes we like pancakes ! Do you like french toast ? Yes we like french toast ! Can't wait to get a mouthful ! Waffles ! 
FOOD !!!! 
I think the oven just exploded . Awesome . 
Dear Math , I would be most appreciative if you would please stop eating my time and killing my life and mental sanity . Thank you very much . 
I can't believe I got up this morning to run . I'm going back to sleep . 
The more you complain , the longer God will make you live . 
Best banquet ever . Ever . 
Shreddin ' the Gnar Gnar . 
All the Woulda-Coulda-Shouldas Layin ' in the sun , Talkin ' bout the things They woulda-coulda-shoulda done ... But those Woulda-Coulda-Shouldas All ran away and hid From one little did . 
When the light turns green , you go . When the light turns red , you stop . But what do you do when the light turns blue with orange and lavender spots ? -Shel Silverstein 
Rainbow of sharpies acquired . 
If at first you don't succeed , then skydiving is not for you . 
My feet are going to bleed . 
Rain is just a free shower for hobos . 
When I drive , I think of squirrels as bonus points . 
Rule No . 21 of Living in a Post-Zombie Appocalyptic Society : NEVER go anywhere alone . EVER . 
Good friends sit with you in class . Best friends sit with you in jail . 
is off to recruit 8th graders/ future freshies for ski team . woot woot ! 
Ahhhh !!! Hardest workout this year ! Eleven tankers !!! Killer !!!! 
Musical was freakin ' amazing ! 
Today , I sprinted 2 < PROPMALE > . I declare myself a beast . 
The only good race pace is suicide pace , and today looks like a good day to die . -Pre 
Emo kids are just a bunch of non-conformists attempting to conform to the acts of non-conformism . 
\So it is a sword 
Wow . Ii would love to tell you how much I don't want to do this math homework . 
Yess !!! Done with Wienberg forever !! Now I never have math with her EVER EVER AGAIN !!!! DONE ! 
Yes , today I went to the mall . Yes , I walked around like a tourist wearing a dinosaur hat . Yes it was awesome . Yes people stared , gaped and laughed . No , I don't care . 
status ? summer . 
Summer plans ? Abolished . awesome 
I think the phrase \it doesn't matter what other people think\ " spawned the obesity epidemic . " 
Today , I learned how to fluently say , \Hello . My pants are on fire . \ " in a foerign language . It was a sucessful day . " 
I want to be < PROPMALE > and famous so people will run around and get me chai lattes . JK . I just want a chai latte . 
needs a good spider incinerating flamethrower right now ..... 
\Are you suggesting that coconuts migrate ? \"" 
Fish are like pokemon . You gotta catch ' em all . 
One year without soda ends .... here !! 
\Sometimes I imagine as many as six impossible things before breakfast . \"" 
just got a four wheeler . sweet ! 
Asian Camp was shockingly awesome , despite the uber lack of sleep !! Miss everyone already ! :P Now i have to write on everyone's wall .... Bla ...... 
Yeah , \ 
so , I definitely just cut off over half of my hair . :) 
I think I've developed somewhat of an obsession with pandas . 
I ran . I ran until my muscles burned and my veins pumped battery acid . Then I ran some more . 
I tried typing fantabulous in a Word Document , but it seemed to be spelled wrong , and word check wouldn't help me . Then I remembered that fantabulous isn't an actual word . 
chicka chicka yeah !!! just got a phone . this makes me immensely happy :D 
\Congratulations Panda . There is now a level 0 . \"" 
Sometimes I imagine as many as six impossible things before breakfast . 
Every time i do math , my soul withers a little . 
Dear math , go die . \ 
love , < PROPFEMALE > 
Goodbye best summer ever . * Insert Dramatic Sigh Here * 
I'm sarcastic . What's YOUR superpower ? 
I think I like poetry . 
We are the middle children of history . No purpose or place . We have no Great War . No Great Depression . Our great war is a spiritual war . Our great depression , our lives . We've all been raised on television to believe that we'd all be millionaires and movie gods , and rock stars . But we won't . And we're slowly learning that fact . And we are very , very pissed off . 
\Hey ! There's the icecream man ! Want to run him over ? \"" 
DUDE .... where did my life go ? Oh , thats right , school ate it . 
Really Microsoft ? Is spork not a word !?! 
Bieber Fever ? I think that kills people . 
Come on calc , youre killin me . 
epic adventures with big sis today :DDD 
I Love Asian Marts . 
gahhh .... almost friday !!! 
I think I'm going to have Twizler stuck in my lung forever . 
I really need to get a door for my room one of these days . 
So many notecards !!!! 
Duc t-t ape , i think you just saved my life . 
Glee , you manage to ruin every good song that I have ever liked . So dear Glee , YOU SUCK ! 
I definitely just combined 8 servings into 1 . Yeah , I'm a G . 
School ! Take a freakin ' chill pill !! 
I hated Glee before it was cool to hate Glee . 
My brohas is coming home ! :D 
Shred the gnar gnar in the schuss ! 
\Guys shut up ! I have to read the subtitles ! \"" 
Only I could trip UP the stairs carrying a hot pocket , totally faceplant it and still save the hot pocket . 
Alright Seybert thats cool , you can assign 4 essays in one week . Its not like I was doing anything with my life . 
Yesterday , I got a taco wallet . Pretty much the best day of my life . 
Knee deep powder . Freezing winds . Blizzarding conditions . Minimum visibility . \ 
This is what I live for . 
My house smells like ... tacos . :) 
\Dear tv shows with fake background laughter 
Psshhh . Those Asians in my trash can . 
stupid slalom 
