In 25 hours , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > and the Patriots will play football and I will be watching them from the 33rd row at the Reliant Stadium !!!! 

is going to see < PROPFIRST > McCartney in August ! 
Sprint Instinct doesn't take good pictures ... 
This day cannot end soon enough . 
needs a new , cushy chair if I'm gonna spend this much time on the computer . Or just get off the computer ... nah . 
Exploratory surgeries at 4:30 pm make me tired ... 
A new bottle of Tito's vodka and The Beatles : Rock Band ... tonight is gonna be brilliant ! 
Was asked to pass this along - URGENT !! Apparently the FAN CHECK Application is a VIRUS that takes 48 hours to kick in . Even if you are tagged in a photo the virus still attacks you . Please inform all you friends and remove/delete the application ASA ............... P . Copy and paste this as your status so word gets around quick . Read More 
Not much longer ... I hear the boat calling me ... 
Why does it always rain on me ? 
What's so funny is nobody's laughing at this change of heart you're having .. 
I'm going to paint a picture tonight ! Haven't painted in a loooonnnnggg time ! 
If you dont like the new FB here is how you can change it back to the old . Look to the top left menu and click on MORE . Then drag STATUS UPDATES to the top . After dragging to top , click on it . That becomes your default and it is like before . Pass it on ! It will take your share box awasy but then just click on the News feed when you want to update your status . 
loves this time of year because all the shows on cable are about pumpkins and ghosts !!! 
something is not quite right today ... 
just got an acupuncture treatment . Is it supposed to give you a headache ? 
is sick for the second time in as many months . My immune system ain't what it used to be . 
White 
I just went to Best Buy to buy a video game , Dragon Age . The cashier , a nice 20-something looking young man , asked me if the game was for me . I said yes . Then he says\ Noooooo !! I wish my MOM was cool enough to play video games like Dragon Age ! \"" 
is FUMING right now . 
Ok , I wasn't going to do this , but my name is too awesome not to share ... Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status , and put the first entry under your name as a comment . 
\Every person in your life is a gift no matter how bad some may have hurt you . They just bestowed more wisdom to you with the pain they gave . \ " - < PROPFEMALE > Hurst " 
Over the river and through the woods to grandmother's house we go !! Yipee ! 
I love my grandmother more than just about anyone , but it's time for this vacation to end . I am so ready to go home . 
... Don't be unhappy if your dreams never come true -- just be thankful your nightmares don't . 
Right now a Veterinary Technician is helping a < PROPFEMALE > become a mother , is holding the paw of a dying dog , is inserting an IV into a kitten , is listening to a Pet Parent tell a story , and is missing their own pets while caring for others . Vet techs all over the world are saving lives !! Re-post if ... you are a Vet Tech , love a Vet Tech or appreciate a Vet Tech ! 
Bacon on chocolate chip ice cream at Gypsy Picnic Trailer Food Festival ??!! Sold . 
< PROPMALE > Potter , in less than 12 hours I will see you again . I can hardly wait ! 
< PROPMALE > Potter is awesome . So are the movies about him ... 
At Texas Reniassance Fest with the fam ! 
Happy New Year to all ! Be safe tonight ! May next year be everything you hope it to be !! 
