You dont even know me half as well as you think you do .. Not even after two years . 

welcomeeee back to facebook I suppose haha ! 
facebook , is too confusing ! anywhooooo bye :p 
I hateeeeeeee sweeping :( sigh , everyday though ! gotta get done .. 
oh geeze , big cleaning day tomorrow , lovely :\\ 
my hair , needs to hurry up and grow . so i can get it cut again :) 
We've made the greatest discovery unknown to the world (: 
It's not my fault that you switched schools and now we talk less , and we see each other less . Don't take it out on me . I didn't do anything to you .. 
and i need a little more thunder , a little more lightning , a little more you , be my lantern help me shine on through . and when my world has become a whirlwind , will you be my white flag ? :) 
clean , dinner , clean , homework , bed :| booooo 
>.< whatever :( 
hmmmmm going to see The Lovely Bones soon :) 
Did not see the lovely bones .. but instead sherlock holmes . It was okay :) I have a head ache O.o 
something feels off about today , anyone agree ? 
My crops need fertilizing :p have at itt 
hmmm lovely , time for dishes and sweeping , yayyyy , not >.< 
you are the thunder and I am the lightning and I love the way you know who you are and to me it's exciting , when you know it's meant to be . everything comes naturally , it comes naturally , when you're with me baby (: 
< PROPFIRST > was hereeeeeeeee :P everything got done :) 
good mood , gone . 
We were given two legs to walk , two eyes to see , two hands to hold , to ears to hear , but only one heart , becsue the other was given to someone else for us to find (: 
So I came home to find that my little brother , had gotten into my room while I was at school , and flung my expensive face lotion all over my bed , lovely ... :) 
It is sooooo cold in my house , but cold is better than hot :p 
wow , i have a terrible head ache D: 
Life is too short to wake up with regrets . ? So love the people who treat you right . ? pray for the one's who don't . Believe everything happens for a reason . If you get a second < PROPMALE > , grab it with both hands . If it changes your life , let it . Nobody said life would be easy , they just promised it would be worth it . 
:) 
oh my gosh . im just going to keep my mouth shut from now on .. about everything . 
It's sooooooo cold in my house , and I love it :p 
Black < PROPFEMALE > your thorns are cutting into me for the last time . Black < PROPFEMALE > I watched your petals wilt away , I couldn't bring you back to life -Trapt (: 
hates doing dishes ! ugh .. 
I'll be there when your world falls down :) 
is [ always ] tired . for some odd reason . 
Dearly beloved are you listening ? I can't remember a word that you were saying . Are we demented or am I disturbed ? The space that's in between insane and insecure . Oh therapy , can you please fill the void ? Am I retarded or am I just overjoyed . Nobody's perfect and I stand accused . For lack of a better word , and that's my best excuse (: JOS - Green Day . 
urgh , i love how I've been doing all of this since I've been asked to ... yet I have not received one please or thank you . its great .. really it is .. not . 
black < PROPFEMALE > your thorns are cutting into me for the last time . black < PROPFEMALE > I watched your petals wilt away , i couldn't bring you back to life . you were always where the sun could never go . i never wanted you to have to be alone . but I couldn't find a way to help you grow .. <3 thissong 
so cold . 
work work work ! right in the morning , this is noo surprise .. >.< 
funny how my fishville treasure chest never gives me mystery fish , only coins and XP -.- 
and i can guarantee you no one will ever again get my one-hundred percent like you did . 
i , want it to snow . too bad that won't happen D: 
This is the first day of my life , I swear I was born right in the doorway , I went out in the rain suddenly everything changed , they're spreading blankets on the beach , Yours is the first face that I saw . I think I was blind before I met you , now I don’t know where I am I don’t know where I’ve been , but I know where I want to go (: 
and to think , just last year i was in that seat . i was in that car . i was wearing that seatbelt . 
grawrrrrr , school = poop . whateverrr (: 
:) 38111111111111111111111 
any idea why FB is going sooo outrageously slow ? I know it is not my internet connection . 
is shivering , oh my gosh its so collllllld >.< and the heat doesnt even reach my rooom 
will it ever stop raining ? non stop allllll day ... -.- 
im getting really bad at this whole advice thing .. ? O.o 
hmmm , so i heard the rain's supposed to stoppppp on friday (: even if breifly it'll be a relief ! 
woah this new FB is weird ... O.o 
farm up and running again , but no time to harvest now .. >.< 
time to brush my teeth ! i am sooooo ready for sleep . nightttt (: 
teaspoons and tablespoons suck ... (: 
So please , can you honestly give me a sitaution in which I will ACTUALLY use my knowledge of balancing chemical equations besides in school ? Because I highly doubt any trace of chemistry is in my future . 
<3 (: 
blah for waking up later . 
I said so , look closely there might be something you'd like . What was it like ? Looked so close , it's been months who knows if I , will get this right (: - TBS 
feels refreshed :) 
Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day everyone ! ( : What a coincidence that the weather is so nice today ;) 
even when you're 87 ? ;) 
sleep time , hooray (: haha , <3 
I wrote more postcards than hooks . I read more maps than books . Feel like every < PROPMALE > to leave is another < PROPMALE > I should have took . Every minute is a mile . I've never felt so hollow . I'm an old abandoned church with broken pews and empty aisles . My secrets for a < PROPMALE > . Watch me as I cut myself wide open on this stage . Yes , I am paid to spill my guts . I won't see home till spring . - :) Brand New ( band ) 
it feels like it's been much longer than 2 months (: <3 
has a killer head ache :( sigh ... i hate being sick so much !! 
OH MY GOSH ... -.- you're just like < PROPFEMALE > Bullock in The Blind Side ! >:| 
i missssssss you <3 
my hair is never in my favor -.- 
time to sweep ! bleh :\\ so not ... lovely . 
so , who wants to go see the new < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland movie ? (: 
haha ahhh , good weekend <3 (: too bad it's almost over 
man , if only time had no limit .. (: 
miracle whip , ftw (: 
haha , oh man , doing some < PROPMALE > advising right now :p 
people suck , hooray ! :D ... ( hooray ; sarcasm ) 
is learning Miserable at Best by Mayday Parade on teh pianooooooooo :D 
I'd have to say I'm getting a little selfish about this whole thing hm ..? 
so , I officially love Lemon Bread and Sweet Raspberry tea <3 haha 
i dont know why i even bother -.- 
i cant stand this grossnesss , ahhhhhhh >.< 
sooo , i have succeeded in my first attempt to burp the alphabet .. but I have yet to surpass my little brother who can burp twinkle twinkle little < PROPFEMALE > haha . who said girls have to act like proper ladies all of the time ? ;p 
< PROPFEMALE > ! You're so BAUTFUL ! (; 
i hate my hair -.- urghhhhhhhhhhh 
Baby , I sorely miss the vibrant gleam that's in your eyes , I'll write a song about it . And maybe , if the < PROPFEMALE>'s just right , I hope tonight it will find you , it will remind you .. <3 
blehhhh everyone is getting sick again . I have honestly never seen so many sicknesses go around in a series like this O.o 
ugh ... I so do not feel good at all ... not one bit . 
i like the feeling of freshness after you brush your teeth :p 
Baby , I sorely miss the vibrant gleam that's in your eyes I'll write a song about it . and maybe if the < PROPFEMALE>'s just right , I hope tonight it will find you , It will remind you <3 
I love you (: <3 
The man who invented it doesn't want me . The man who bought it doesn't need me . The man who needs it doesn't know it . What am I ? 
HAS A headache D: 
i'm starting with the man in the mirror , i'm asking him to change his ways , and no message could have been any clearer , if you wanna make the world a better place . Take a look at yourself and then make a change . 
and how could i stand here with you , and not be moved by you ? <3 
Happy check your batteries , daylight savings time begins , internationaly ask a question , mothers(UK ) , potato chip , pi Day ! (: 
I <3 Greys Anatomy . 
where do you turn when suddenly music isn't enough to fill the gaping hole ? 
Happy Freedom of Information , Lips Appreciation , Well-Elderly Day ! (: 
I grabbed some frozen strawberries so I could ice your bruising knees but frozen things they all unfreeze and now I taste like all those frozen strawberries I used to chill your bruising knees , hot July ain't good to me , I'm pink and black and blue for you . I got bruises on my knees for you , and grass stains on my knees for you , got holes in my new jeans for you , got pink and black and blue . <3 
at < PROPFEMALE > mall with < PROPFEMALE > Sotelo :D 
Mr. White just stole somebody's child !!! Haha , aliens , monkeys , tourists , British and Australian accents , ah good day :p lolll < PROPFEMALE > Sotelo 
Happy First Day of Spring (: 
The cup is not half empty as pessimists say , as far as he sees nothing's left in the cup , a whole cup full of nothing for him to indulge , since the voice of ambition has long since been shut up . A singer , a writer , he's not dreaming now of going nowhere , he gave heed to nothing , and all that he was is just a tragedy . <3 The Used 
It is too early to be awak >.< 
Opened up my failure , when you refused to go insane . I felt you get excited , when I whispered all the things you love to hate . I can turn you on like fire . Set fire deep inside you . Eat you alive and watch you , come and let me up the sonisphere ! 
I think of the one that Ive become .. left blind from the brightness of your halo , no one shines like you do . I took every < PROPMALE > to lash my tongue , you wore the scabs just like an angel , theres something about you . Would you forget then what I said and how I died inside my head ? All the pain youd feel you owned , and times I've should have known , dont keep it inside , let it out and layitallonme . thisismyapology ? 
<3 ewwy today is gonna suck :\\ 
mlina -.- 
If I ran the circus by Dr. Seuss :D haha 
blah . why does getting ready time pass by so quickly in the morning , but than school seems to pass by soooooooo slow ? 
People need to think a lot about things before they say them .. you could ruin everything with just a couple words .. 
ohhhhhh my gosh , i am so fed up with this drama .. 
is wondering whereeeeeee you are :( 
i love you :) <3 
missed Earth Hour , now im sad :( 
is this supposed to be normal ? 
Is eating a nectarine , how exciting . Did you know that nectarines are just mutated peaches ? I bet you didn't . 
facebook , makes me late in the morning . lol . 
Well I got my phone back (: 
goodnight (: 
nightttttt FB (: 
maybe poetry's not my thing . 
quick , think of something witty to say . something that will leave you as empty and miserable as the starless sky tonight . these words will make you weak at the knees , they will cripple you . until you've got nothing left . until you can honestly say that you're a man with nothing 
Inside yourself or outside yourself , you never have to change what you see , only the way you see it . 
Happy Pony Express and Tangible < PROPFEMALE > Day :p 
so , I got on the computer to upload pictures of Easter eggs , and stuff pertaining to Easter .. and somehow failed to do that because I got caught up in researching what it takes to < PROPMALE > in Psychology , hah . 
Why is it always rainy and gross outside on Easter ? :\\ 
Definitely doesn't like jalapenos or onions ... Especially when they're combined ! :( 
Cereal is for people who have time in the morning , i am not a cereal person haha . 
You're so good at talkin smack , you're a heart attack but you're the apple of my eye anyway . 
Unless you have friends among fish , there'd still be no air to breath , you could drink off the entire ocean , and still find someone to be , everything . We 
 know that you'll never be ... 
Today is feeling like a Brand New(the band ) day :) 
everything is just so wrong >.< 
What did you learn tonight ? You're shouting so loud , you barely joyous , broken thing . You're a voice that never sings , is what I say . You are freezing over hell . You are bringing on the end , you do so well . You can only blame yourself , it's what I say . <3 
is feeling a bit like a robot today , a robot on autopilot . 
But the wrong words will strand you , come off course while you sleep . Sweep your boat out to sea or dashed to bits on the reef . The vessel groans the ocean pressures its frame . To the port I see the lighthouse through the sleet and rain . Calm me and let me taste the salt you breathed while you were underneath . I spoke the words but never gave a thought to what they all could mean ... <3 
I am , the watch you always wear , but you forget to wind . 
so you can rest your sweet little head on your soft white pillow , and close your weary brown eyes , sleep without a worry . your friends will get you back 
for what you've done to all of us . 
Wow 8:15 in the morning and i'm already being bashed on by people that hate me ? Awesome ... 
i got new pillows today (((: haha , would it be weird to say that I'm actually really excited to use them tonight ? haha ;p 
FB , is getting boring . 
I got my phone back :p 
i need a haircut . bleh . 
Don't get me wrong .. I like the rain a lot , but this weather is seriously bringing my mood down :\\ 
So , maybe in 2012 texas will end by flood . 
-This weather is so strange ... Rainy storming lightning and th < PROPFEMALE > der , to s < PROPFEMALE > shine and blue sky with some clouds in a matter of several hours ? I'll never < PROPFEMALE > 
-derstand Texas . 
I love watching cake challenge shows (: I wonder if they eat those cakes when the show is over ? 
I think i'm growing fond of this rain :) 
Oh yeah just put the blame on everybody else , god forbid anything ever be your fault . Of course you're a little angel sent from above . Gods perfect little creation and you think you've got it all figured out but rest assured ... retribution is most definitely on it's way and you'll pay for all of the wrong things you've done to everyone around you and in your life . 
You would make a horrible manager .. 
Wow you are so fake ... 
Happy bicycle day ! :) 
Once said , always said . I will hold the past over your head . I'll speak my mind whenever I feel slighted . I am hellbent on extracting all of my revenge . Take heart , sweetheart , or I will take it from you . - BN <3 (: 
Good day ; ruined . 
how do i walk around acting like this doesn't kill me ? it's getting harder and harder each day to continue pretending I don't loathe you and your existence . 
I'm so far gone now i've been running on empty , i'm so far gone now , do you wanna take me on ? 
The Used - Sometimes I Just Go for It <--- listen now ... ( : 
I wish my house had two stories .. 
Is hate really as strong of a word as people seem think it is ? 
Is hate really as strong of a word as people seem to think it is ? 
Sometimes i wish i didn't have a phone . 
does not eat tartar sauce . YUCK . 
this is a stickup , don't make it a murder 
the hair in your eyes will never disguise what you're really thinking of .. ( : 
ish at the mall wif my bestie JennaFURRRRRRR <3 haha . [ I miss you boo <3 ] 
You always seem to run into people you know at the mall :ppp hehehe :)) 
Theres no such thing as a perfect day is there ...? Something always goes wrong ... :( 
How come i never get to say goodbye ..? 
TODAY SUCKS ; so far . 
Loves water <3 
so this morning i found milk in the pantry , and nobody fessed up ... weird . 
today is gonna be a good day(at school at least ) . i can feel it (: 
I miss you already :( 
believe in me , cause i was made for chasing dreams 
the more i see the less i know , the more i'd like to let it go , hey , oh . woah . 
let me light up the sky , light it up for you . let me tell you why , i would die for you (: 
No its not advice , its \adfice . \ " LOL . Gullibility at its finest . " 
Hates Yo Gabba Gabba -.- 
And i can feel you breathin , and its keepin me awake . Can you feel it beating , sinking like a weight ? 
Haha best TAKs day today by far :) 
Everybody's going to the party , have a real good time . Dancing in the desert blowing up the sunshine :) 
Tell me baby , whats your story . Where ya come from and where you wanna go this time oh (: 
got my internet back yay (: 
HUNGRY . 
I miss you (: 
Has an awful headache :(((( 
The only good thing about this hot weather is that its swimming weather (: 
sleepeh . 
We are no longer friends . You're not healthy for my life . 
One-eighty by Summer - Taking Back Sunday <-- listen now :) 
SO MAD . I had everything filled out to register for the SAT and I accidentally closed the tab . UGH ! Whatever -.- I'll do it tomorrow . GR . 
sigh . school sucks . the end . 
sweeepingggggg time . ugh . chores = poop . 
We . cant . go . back . 
You're so sensitive , and i am , i am a machine :) 
good . night . sotired . zZzZzZz 
Chips + salsa + cream cheese = love <3 
Not that its of the utmost importance ... but ... you lied to me , AGAIN . Therefore you suck . Don't talk to me anymore please . 
Sometimes I just go for it - The Used <3 
Hates cream of wheat so much , being sick SUCKS ! 
the spaceman says everybody look down , its all in your mind (: 
\Will you rub my ankle ? \ " LOL . No i will not ... " 
well , that totally didn't go so well . 
Its funny how much a person can change in so little time . You're not the same person i thought i knew . 
so here I stand and then again I say , I'm hoping we can make some wishes outta airplane . 
so tell me how come nobody has courtesy anymore ? 
jerk . 
I will dream about swings (; ? I ? L ? Y ? ( and\ 
wake up on time tomorrow ! ) 
The funny thing is .. that if ten years from now , with still no communication between us , if you asked to be my friend again .. i would gladly accept , even 
 though i know it'd be a bad idea . 
The funny thing is .. that if ten years from now , with still no communication between us , if you asked to be my friend again .. i would gladly accept , even though i know it'd be a bad idea . 
google > bing . 
Technology sucks .. I couldn't possibly feel any worse than i do right now ... 
feels like a balloon :| I love you <3 
Somebody is definitely not a morning person ! 
you're unreliable . 
Dear music on my ipod , i'm so sorry that i can only hear half of you :( sincerely , < PROPFEMALE > . 
How would you like to live on Wahada street ? I would . 
So pokemon can understand english but only speak pokemon ? 
Is foraging for dinner in the kitchen , being on my own for dinner definitely is not a safe choice , HAHA :) 
so ... my little brother is singing \Barbie Girl\ " in his room .. and I'm not quite sure whether to laugh .. or be incredibly concerned O.O " 
That made me kinda upset .. but idk why :| 
Fever , 100.8 degrees . why am i being punished again ? :( 
i am very uncoordinated when i'm sick :\\ 
Hm , last night I had a temp of 102.3 :\\ boo . This morning , no temperature thankfully . 
Fever is back and i've already missed one day of school , please make this go away :'(( 
i feel awful . 
Why do people always assume i have an attitude ... Can't anybody recognize sarcasm anymore ? :| 
tear me apart , strip me of everything i've got , \ 
break me down mercilessly and show no remorse . but i can't give up \ 
everything i've got just to please you . 
Isn't hearing right , ohhh lovely ._. 
I misssss you :( muchho 
ugh .. im so tired of being sick :'( go awayyyyyyy 
fever again ?!! wth is thisss :( 
this could not be happening to me at a worse possible time .. ugh 
I love you (: 
is hoping shes going to be well enough to return to school tomorrow (: 
spaghetti ;) 
cross your fingers please . 
ok ... so now i know i can go , but how to get there ..? 
wishing she had her music with herrrr :( 
there never seems to be enough time for anything anymore . 
searching for new music ((: 
a feeling is just a feeling until you let it get the best of you (: 
and thats just another reason why i hate fast food places and the ' food ' they serve :p 
so , apparenlty you learn something new everyday ; seat belts are not required for drivers and passengers over the age of 18 in New Hampshire ..? Ridiculous . 
I hate technology , so , so so much sometimes . \ 
I finished typing up my speech paper and accidentally replaced the \ 
finished one with the unfinished one when trying to move it to my USB , I\ 
have to basically start ALL over and I have to give my speech tomorrow . \ 
I'm going to try not to cry :| Hours of work and research gone .. ugh . 
I'm going to beast my speech today ... I hope . \ 
sigh stupid note cards >:\\ 
I .. am thinking it's a sign , that the freckles in our eyes are mirror images , and when we kiss they're perfectly aligned . I .. have to speculate , that god himself did make use into corresponding parts , like puzzle pieces in a play (: - TPS 
is going to the library (: text me , bye . 
thank you < PROPFIRST > Mattila , for getting HelloGoodbye stuck in my head , notttt :p 
goodmorning ! i have a feeling today is gonna be good (: 
is cold and wettttt :( this rain was uncalled for ! 
ugh i am so done with giving out second chances ! get out , and stay out of my life . and when i say goodbye forever , i mean forever . 
apparently has a very poor judge of character ? 
Now it's gonna get harder , and it's gonna burn brighter , and it's gonna feel tougher , each and every day . so let me say , that i love you , you're all I've ever wanted , all I've ever dreamed of to come , and yes you did come ((: 
is suddenly not so cool with you anymore .. 
i'm having a hard time coming to grips with this :[ 
is listening to < PROPFIRST > Orok :D 
You , you've got me tongue tied . around the truth , around the truth . I don't know if , don't know if I'll be fine . want you to tell me you're mine , but yes or no just know that I will always be thinkin ' of you <3 
If I had my own world I'd build you an empire . From here to the far lands , to spread love like violence . Let me feel you , < PROPFEMALE > you higher watch your words spread hope like fire . Secret crowds rise up and gather , hear your voices sing back louder (: 
is stuck babysitting tonight . sheesh :\\ 
Phone taken away , and I deleted my twitter account . Just letting you know . 
my horoscope doesn't know what it's talking about . horoscopes are dumb . 
it's nbd (: 
Backing away from the problem of pain you \ 
never had a home . You've been misguided , you're hiding in shadows \ 
for so very long . Don't you believe that you've been deceived that \ 
you're no better than ... the hair in your eyes , it never disguised \ 
what you're really thinking of (: 
Dear face , thanks for picking today to look extra white . Jk , i hate you ._. 
SO TIRED . no idea why . 
Why do people stare at me when i eat on my bus ...? 
studying for historyyyyyy finalllll . yuck . 
\He who lives with untruth lives in spiritual slavery . \"" 
i'm two steps away , from my subtle smooth escape . 
Power = out . 
Playing uno in the dark :) haha 
8 games of uno , 4 candles , three small cups of iced tea , and a couple pieces of < PROPFEMALE > later , the powers back on :p 
Lol texas gets some heavy rain , thunder and lightning and suddenly tornado sirens go off ? Texas weather people are crazy XP 
id have to say today was pretty good (: 
I <3 starbursts :) 
öIf you'll be my boat , I'll be your sea . With depth of pure blue just to probe curiosity . Ebbing and flowing , and pushed by a breeze , i live to make you f 
öree . I live , to make you free (: 
If you'll be my boat , I'll be your sea . With \ 
depths of pure blue just to probe curiosity . Ebbing and flowing , and \ 
pushed by a breeze , i live to make you free . I live , to make you freee (: 
somebody woke up on the wrong side of the bed this morning .. and it wasn't me . 
why\ 
do people like to take pictures of me when I am not looking ?? hahha :) \ 
went to the pool today , didn't get burnt . ate some twizzlers . now stuying for the SAT . I'd say was a pretty \ 
successful day :p 
I <3 watermelon 
sleep . hello waking up in uh .. 5 and a half \ 
hours . 
I'm so tired ... stupid SAT and waking up early :( and nowwww i don't even get to talk to my <3 :( 
ive conlcuded that there isnt enough time in one day to please everybody ... ugh .. 
Today is just not a good day . Especially to make plans . Whateverrrrr . Someone text me . 
aaaand , my ipod dies . great . 
And the day just keeps getting worse . 
you don't apologize to someone for not trusting them , thats a personal choice . 
rain rain go away , come again another day , all the world is waiting for the sun <3 
awhhhhh\ 
:( my neck hurts so bad .. :( I hope this doesn't last all day .. but I have\ 
a feeling it will . Thanks a lot < PROPFIRST > Mattila lol :p 
Sleep + aleve = neck feeling a bit better :)) 
Intoxicated eyes , no longer live that life . You should have learned by now , I'll burn this whole world down . I need some peace of mind , no fear of what's behind . You think you've won this fight , you've only lost your mind (: BB <3 
DUDE . if you have a twitter , get at me . @allisonawononon 
What good are cell phones if you don't answer themmmm ?? Lol . 
It should storm more often [: 
I've got a tight grip on reality but I can't , let go of what's in front of me here . I know you're leaving in the morning , when you wake up , leave me with some kind of proof it's not a dream .. you are , the only exception .. -goodnight . 
I'm very proud of my grades , even if you may not be .. [: 
Swimming , and pretty much blind now :( stupid chlorine water 
I LOVE < PROPFEMALE > SOTELOOOOOo <3 
sweep then sleep , night . 
It feels like i'm waking up from a dream ... Can i go back to sleep please ? :( 
goodmorning , todays going to be lame . 
i think ill just sleep until next saturday . 
I missssss you <3 
have you ever thought , that sometimes something contains more meaning when it is in writing , and you read it ; as opposed to hearing another person say it ? <3 
what a jokeeeeeeeeee :p 
And that was the day that I promised I'd never sing of love if it does not exist .. but darling you are the only exception (: ? 
I HATE FACEBOOK . goodbye . 
smelyalata . 
Dude how do you get a mosquito bite on the bottom of your foot ?? 
3 days down (: 
weird dream .. haha . i guess thats what happens when you get woken up like 3 times in the morning . 
oh hey , did I mention you're a monster ? 
exhausted , headache , upset , sunburnt . gonna \ 
read , then go to bed , maybe tomorrow will be a better day ... I can only \ 
hope .. ( : 
goodmorning . 
wow ... okay . thanks for totally telling me im \ 
not good enough to do something . great parenting skills . 
Yo Gabba Gabba is the most ANNOYING tv show EVER . 
Time has a way of taking care of our wounds ; it doesn't make them better , but it makes them less painful . 
Why would you lie to someone you don't even know ..? Thats just ridiculous . 
is glad today is thursday , just that much closer to the weekend ! <3 
storm storm storm storm <3 
power corrupts : absolute power corrupts absolutely . 
ignorance is bliss 
So i just swept three potatoes out from under the couch .. This must be the work of < PROPFEMALE > hahaha :) 
A lot of deep thought has happened and decisions have been made on this trampoline :) haha 
good eye sniper , i'll shoot you run , the words you scribbled on the walls , the loss of friends you didn't have , i'll call you when the time is right , are you in ? or are you out ? for them all to know the end of us all (: 
Why is it that when i find something worth wasting my time on , i'm advised not to ? ._. 
Wowww . Seeing toy story 3 in 3D imax and this place is packed ! 15 minutes just trying to find two seats next to each other . Crazy . 
If i could give to you the stars in outer space <3 
liar liar liar . :[ 
isss ... hungry :p 
why does everyone judge my age because of my height ?! Lol . -.- 
i'd\ 
rather have rain to dance in than sun to swelter in (: 
i'm glad we've made it this far <3 
don't use my friends as an excuse for your dislike towards me ... 
There is a place where the sidewalk ends , and before the street begins , and there the grass grows soft and white , and there the sun burns crimson bright , and there the moon-bird rests from his flight , to cool in the peppermint wind . 
Oh no , twenty nine different attributes , and only seven that you like . uh oh . twenty ways to see the world . oh oh . or twenty ways to start a fight . Oh , don't , don't , don't get up , I can't see the sunshine , i'll be waiting for you baby .. cause I'm through . sit me down , shut me up , i'll calm down and I'll get along with you .. <3 
this should not be upsetting me .. this is notttt , right . :| 
Just got done watching Shutter Island .... Wicked movie ... But good , really makes you think ! :) 
you are the earth beneath my feet , you are my gravity <3 
Salt and vinegar chips are sooooo nasty :( 
so\ 
apparently the music I listen to is GIRLY music .. YA RIGHT , hmpf . you're girly . 
chores , shower , music , sleep . i think yes . 
this is actually starting to look a little appealing , how odd . (: but a good kind of odd . 
i think reality just slapped me in the face .. and it left a < PROPFIRST > . 
Hello outside texas , hello frizzy hairrrr ! 
superrrgoodday ! :D 
I kick it like adidas and stick it like adhesive ;) 
So I say we’ll catch this world on fire , We’ll start a revolution , Can’t you see it now ? It will take all everyone’s attention , to leave it all behind us , Can’t you see it now ? Whoa ! 
is getting more and more doubtful about all of this everyday :( 
goodmorningggg , not such a great way to wake up but hopefully this all works itself out . 
Its only a matter of time . 
is just not feelin it today . no . 
your arms are my castle , your heart is my sky :) 
i wish that i lived in a library . with no time to be bored , no time to over think things . i'd read my time away . not having to deal with my own life's troubles , and only feeling scared , nervous , sad , mad , or happy because of something that is happening to the characters in my books . not about what happens to me , in my life . that is what i wish . 
this is going to take me hours to figure out ... 
shes given in and admitted defeat , and she'll be fine . 
where does < PROPFIRST > dawson get all of his lipstick ? it's weird . i have a headache :\\ 
why hello unwelcome guest , you're here early 
likes to be the hero . 
really wants/needs to go to the library , sigh :( 
i don't think I'm too fond of your new-found friends . 
I miss you . 
And I'd give up forever to touch you cause I \ 
know that you feel me somehow you're the closest to heaven that I'll\ 
ever be and I don't want to go home right now and all I can taste \ 
is this moment and all I can breathe is your life cause sooner or \ 
later it's over I just don't want to miss you tonight ? 
Would really like some Orange Juice right now .. NO PULP PLEASE . 
I'M SLEEPEH . 
and it begins .. job application #1 . 
3 completed and submitted applications so farrrrr . this sucks :| 
DONE . for today . :( 
showerrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr , yes . 
happy birthday , to me :p 
thanks to everyone who wished me a happy birthday (: 
i guess i know now who i can count on , and who i cant 
you're awful 
I guess i'll never grow up . 
you're so childish , GROW UP and start showing some responsibilty . 
dear facebook chat , stop being bipolar and saying people are offline when they clearly are not . and dear facebook messages , stop telling me i have messages when i don't . thanks , < PROPFEMALE > . 
gooodmorning way too early . 
DUDE . WHY IS THIS TAKING FOREVER ? im getting impatient . 
Got a jagged gorgeous winter from a summers \ 
thread all the lies you told about me they were totally , totally , \ 
totally true . thinking through the noise you get back to bed , with \ 
your tinker tinker toys you gotta think it , think it , think it , \ 
thinking it through . 
my mom won't let me get a fish . If you think that i should be allowed to get a fish like this status :) lol 
you ain't got no pancake mix . lol . 
Making < PROPMALE > & cheese :) 
is a sucker for happy endings (: 
\i've gotta go .. uh .. feed my turtle\ " lolll . " 
going to see dispicable me with < PROPFIRST > Mattila (: 
hungry . 
Well , I've done my random act of stranger kindness today :) 
\liar liar swimming trunks on fire ! \ " \ " But I'm in the water .. \ " \ " WATERPROOF FIRE ! \ " lol . " 
Watches too much of the food network , lol . 
Watch your words spread hope like fire :) 
Just when you think you know a person ... They go and change on you . 
you night be a big fish , in a little pond . doesn't mean you won , cause along may come , a bigger one . 
you might be a big fish , in a little pond . doesn't mean you won , cause along may come , a bigger one . and you'll be lost . 
< PROPFIRST > was here and he love you :) 
Hello foodnetwork , glad we could spend some time together today :) 
When i grow up , i'm gonna be the type of person who bakes chocolate chip cookies from scratch at 12am :) 
We can't change the past , but we can choose what we learn from it . When one learns vengeance , the other learns mercy . 
Had no idea there were so many different types of < PROPFEMALE > O.o 
Just gonna stand there and watch me burn but that's alright because I like the way it hurts . Just gonna stand there and hear me cry , but that's alright because I love the way you lie . I love the way you lie .. 
Greys anatomy marathon :) 
Why do phones have to make it hard to play hide and go seek ? 
not happy >:( 
There are so many things logically wrong with tv shows for children .. -.- 
Spent some quality time with my little sis (: Now waiting on my mom for the yes or no for tomorrow :) 
P . < PROPMALE > 42 Wallabe Way , < PROPFIRST > . 
when is it going to rain again ? 
maybe i am just a bit modest . 
Dude .... 20 more minutes of school than last year .. NOT COOL . 
off to the dentisttt . 
This is where it all went wrong and the words you said were subtle but enough to break the ice . 
feels like being brutally honest , but knows she won't . 
Today is friday the 13th , for all you superstitious people out there . 
go ahead , keep talking about me behind my back , i can hear you . 
.. and i thought senior year was going to be even a little fun . guess i was dead wrong about that .. 
Don't you just hate it when everything else but the words in a movie is super loud . 
ughhhhhhhhhh , you are so oblivious :\\ 
try to pretend that i never even knew your name , cause everything you are disgusts me (: 
i tend to get a little carried away when i have a sharpie O.o 
Its not about the fall , its about how you get up . 
Hmmmm , two more days . Then sleeping in will only be an option on weekends and holidays :( 
I'm not afraid to take a stand , everybody come take my hand , we'll walk this road together , through the storm , whatever weather , cold or warm , just let you know that , you're not alone , holla if you feel that you've been down the same road [: 
annnnnnnd . you are , the weakest link . 
lovely to know that my little brother said I'm going to be a \shrimp\ " on the stage for graduation lol . " 
Wow . First day of school and my bus is ten minutes late ? Freakin NOT fantastic . 
this is going to be a very ... long .. year :( 
Well I'm glad to see that most people pretty much like their classes .. 
You took every < PROPMALE > to lash your tongue , i wore the scabs just like an angel . 
My health class teacher sounds like severus snape from < PROPMALE > potter . Lol . 
aaaaand bring on the rain storm (: im totally through with this heat :( 
The < PROPFEMALE > is orange . 
And today i know , that tomorrow will shine again < PROPFEMALE > and bring our hearts back home <3 
Keep breathing my angel , if you go down i go with you . Keep breathing just keep breathing <3 
What an intense way to end the school day .. O.o 
IS ON A MISSION . failure is not an option . 
You wouldn't make the right decision even if it smacked you in the face . Which is something you deserve .. 
maybe getting my Internet back was a BAD THING .. 
You can be a real jerk you know that ...? 
write write write . 
If you're gonna be an idiot , at least keep your idiocy consistent . 
i dont really like this waiting game .. :( 
You paint my broken he < PROPMALE > like some awful piece of < PROPMALE > and I watch my world as it falls down around but still I pray you will come back some day . 
so hold my hand , and never let go . we'll make it through this storm , it'll blow over . and the sun will shine again (: 
so much to do :\\ 
every Halloween is on a weekday until October 31st , 2014 when its on a Friday . lamee . 
give . me . my . phone . back . ugggggh . 
sigh , this is becoming a vicious cycle . night . 
a heart can be broken , but it keeps on beating just the same . 
So , this goes , out to , the ones that fall in love , \ 
And to , the boy , that filled my dark . 
wow for once my pre-cal homework is actually making sense >.> 
its a domino effect . one bad thing after another . urghhhh 
My soul wants to pull me away but all this hopelessness has won , and all these dreams wanna take me away , but this feeling just makes me stay .. 
whoooooo has skype ? allisaurusrex101 
I dont even know you , but you're already starting to get on my nerves . seriouslyneedtostop . 
time is too precious for me to treat you the way you treat me . but if I had the time , you wouldn't like it . 
ice creams sandwiches ftw :) 
needs to switch math classes , now . 
waiting for a miracle . 
this isn't fair , life's not fair :( 
maybe I was wrong to think I couldn't count on you anymore ... you've put the only smile on my face that's made a difference today [: thank you mr. BF 
Wake me up , when september ends . 
thanks facebook , ill keep that in mind :) 
Kill it with kindness :) 
Water water water . Thats all I've been wanting all dayyy . 
So i'm currently going through an Escape the Fate phase (: 
I think it's time for a haircut 
What is with all of these sick peopleeeee ?? Stay away from < PROPFEMALE > . 
6:30 please come fasterrr (: 
Oh puh-leeeezee people . It's not even october , put your halloween decorations back in their boxes . 
Ignorance really is bliss . 
RHCP <3 
The question wasn't meant to hurt , it was just my fear of losing you (: everyyyy avenuee 
Tough Love - FTSK :) 
I live to fast and i know i will lose her , but there is an option .. to die is to live in her [ heart ] (: 
Weeks worth of math homework = done in an hour and a half ((: 
Fish = unlock . Frog = lock . @ < PROPMALE > pacheco :) 
oh the extremely honest , uncensored , words that kids say ... lol that made my day haha XP 
When you ask me what's bothering me , and i tell you , don't tell me to stop complaining . You asked , stupid . 
Treating others how you want to be treated is so NOT true . No matter how well you treat them , they still don't treat you any better . 
I'm beginning to question if you're worth trying to save anymore .. 
Has a ginormous headache :( 
If perfect is what you're searching for , then just stay the same (: 
sigh .. i'll never be able to make it to the top of your list of important things will i ? 
you can avoid reality , but you cannot avoid the consequences of reality . 
going for a walk , clear my head .. 
stoppp it , pls . 
Years wrinkle the skin , but to give up enthusiasm wrinkles the soul 
Headache , ' nough said . 
I'm getting sick , life hates me :[ 
I took every < PROPMALE > to lash my tongue . You wore the scabs just like an Angel . There's something about you . Horrible things that I have done . Seems this disease is slowly spreading . Start running , what would you do ? All the pain you'd feel you owned . And times I've should have known . Don't keep it inside , let it out and lay it all on me .. The Used ? 
is surrounded by the best people possible <3 
is makiing browniesssss <3 
WILL never try to be the hero again . 
Back to thee future with Laceykins and her familia (((: 
not everything is as it seems , even if it makes you scared or worried . just remember that what you may think it is may not be right at all . in the end you know the truth , you know how it really is . you know me . 
being sick is no bueno D: 
is going to write a lovely song tonight (: 
sleeepy time , night <3 
is this normal ? I don't think this is normal . 
< PROPMALE > Chaplin i don't care how many girls like your beard , shave your face ! :P lol jk 
is watching How to Train Your Dragon ... <3 
nighters facebook , see you in thee morninggggg <3 (: 
night .. <3 
our hearts are heavy burdens , we shouldn't have to bear alone . 
Now that we're done - metro stationnn <3 
oh apathy , take me far far away . 
today was better than i expected it to be :) so sleepy though . 
You\ 
take risks every time that you step outside , every time you drive , \ 
every time you eat something , every time you go somewhere , and you risk \ 
your heart every time you fall in love ; but without risks you'd never be \ 
able to experience what's in store for your life or go very far \ 
anywhere or learn to enjoy things . Don't be afraid to put yourself out there and live a little . What's life without some risk taking ? ( : 
Is watching the office <3 
night .. 
We've gotta hold on to what we've got , it doesn't make a difference if we make it or not , we've got each other and thats a lot for love , we'll give it a shot :) 
just got the best ideaaaaaa [: 
sleeepytime , muchooneeded , nighters <3 
ha .. thatskarmaforyou <3 
just\ 
sitting here , still picking up the pieces of the mess you so \ 
graciously , carelessly , and easily left behind for me to clean up .. :) 
didn't know you had the ability to sink THAT low .. 
Trying to decide on something to eat is like trying to pick between oxygen or water :| 
ugh OMFG . you are so immature ! >:( 
Thank you @ < PROPFIRST > pacheco for crushing my dreams of becoming a gangster .. D: 
You're doing that JUST because you know it bothers me .. 
I write and i write , and i feel like i'm getting somewhere . Am i getting somewhere with the words on these pages ? 
the best way out is always through .. 
Livin the gangsta dream with J-boo (((; 
Almost just died ! 
Heavens not a place that you go when you die , its that moment in life when you actually feel alive ; so live for the moment now <3 
At north starrrr with J :) 
Chick fil a with @ < PROPFEMALE > sotelo :) 
thank you < PROPFEMALE > for bruising my tailbone ! D: \ 
workkkk 630 to close . I'm not awake enough for this :| 
DUDE . Not talking to someone in months , and talking to them now just cause they're \available ? \ " nope . Not okay . " 
GOAL : gain 5 lbs . by Nov . 3rd so I can legitimately donate blood :) 
Applying mascara in the car on the highway ; probably one of the harder things in life XP 
SO . someone should totally take an extra pillow case , or some sort of < PROPFEMALE > -collecting device along with them and get < PROPFEMALE > for me since I work and won't be able to trick or treat :'( 5 tooooooo 10 , gross . bye <3 
No phone , no computer . Two weeks . Goodnight , sweetdreams facebookers <3 
You're an angel (: <3 
Offffgicially gave blood ! :)))) 
Workkk 5 to 10 . yumm . :P 
Just saw a random goose in some random person's yard .. oh texas . 
Its amazing how you closing your door in my life opened up so many other great ones for me (((: 
< PROPFIRST > talent - try honesty , fo sho :) 
according to my sister i'm digging myself into some pretty deep holes lol , but its fun x ) 
Can somebody please explain to me why I've been listening to Eminem , < PROPFIRST > McCartney , and Rihanna for the past two weeks ? x ) 
< PROPMALE > bolch !!! (: haha 
Oh now you're just doing this on purpose ... -.- 
Had a prettty amazing day :) <3 
I slept way too little last night to be up this late tonight :\\ 
Work 5 to 1000000 (: byes 
All in all , pretty freakin good weekend ((((: 
Stop over analyzing everything . 
The game Guess Who is racist and sexist :o 
Secret love my escape , take me far far away , secret love are you there ? Will you answer my prayers ? Please take me anywhere but heree <3 
Perfect (: 
Life is a beach , I'm just playin in the sannnnnnnnnd . work 5 to 10 , yum . 
you know to keep your hopes up high and your head down loww <3 
Saww < PROPMALE > Potter today :) Workk 630 to 12 mmmmm . 
Get me out of this town I need some wings I need them now . This < PROPFEMALE > blisters me again somehow , get me out of this town I need some wings , I need to see , \ 
\ 
to see some city lights when I am free :) 
HUGE headache . exhausted . gooooooooodnight <3 :) 
found out last night that i'm < PROPFEMALE > very not good at bowling haha :) worrrrrrk 5 to 10 . 
you think i'm so selfish ? take a look in the freaking mirror . im so done with your bs . 
and the worst part is ; before it gets any better we're headed for a < PROPMALE > , and in the free fall I will realize I'm better off when I hit the bottom (: 
BLEH . everything is just blah , ugh . 
I'm so tired of everything :\\ especially getting screwed over by people I care about .. 
worrrrrrrk 5 to 10 . oh well , luckily i got some nap time in today (: 
I have so many things to question ' why ' about right now .. 
The emotion it was electric and the stars , they all aligned . I knew I had to make my decision , but I never made the time . No , I never made the time . In the dark , for a while now I can't stay , so far I can't stay much longer , riding my decision home . :] 
yes tummy , yes i hear you . time to grubb ? ithinkyes (: 
sofedup . 
why does deleting someone from facebook have to be the universal sign for ' i dont want to be friends anymore ' ? 
Your state of intense desperation kind of makes me want to laugh at your ridiculousness , but at the same time it makes me want to frown :\\ 
< PROPFEMALE > christmas and happy holidayyys ! (: 
Dinner time conversations are my favorite x ) 
Will never get tired of < PROPMALE > & cheese :) 
Is it weird if i put ice cubes in my orange juice because i like my juice super cold ? 
Obsessed with bejeweled .. Great haha 
It must be a super boring job to be the person who has to write or type up the Terms of Service & Agreements for companies , knowing that nobody is ever truly going to take the time to read it all unless there is a lawsuit haha . 
Gonna see my J-boo today , ive missed her so much ! <3 
Just tap your heels now baby , and wish that there's no place like home , we're not in Kansas anymore .. <3 
Pandacows are NOT real , shut up . 
This has sorta kinda really not been my week at all :\\ 
Eating pineapple upside down cake , yes 
This week is gonna be super super tiring .. :\\ hooray for finals week ! Not . 
I wish so badly that there was room for naps in my life ... 
It's like they know grape gummy snacks are my least favorite .... 
Today was a pretty great day (: ready to go to bed alreadyyyyyy . 
Wishes he wasn't so sick right now :\\ 
Goodmorning facebookers (: \ 
So , the one thing I ask for .. Is for today to NOT suck please (: Allll I'm askin ' for . 
It was < PROPFIRST > Mustard in the Theatre Room with the Dumbbell (: 
And I'll close my eyes , and dream of a better time when I'll be finally past this and I'll be happy on my own . I've done all I can , and I've still been cast aside . All I ever wanted to be was be the one who would wipe those tears from your eyes . But I guess I'll play second best , to a world that will never care about you . 
I'm losing what's left of my dignity ... But I'll fight to the end for our hearts . 
Take a leap out the window cause it's way too far to go through the door . 
You already let it pass through your lips , you can't take it back now .. I'm afraid to say she never made it home , she couldn't keep her head on , she was so close .. 
The small hint of nice Washington-like weather is about the only thing that puts me in a good mood anymore (: 
Lols , you will never learn , I swear .. (: 
You are the best thing that's ever been completely and unconditionally mine .. <3 
So apparently I look more attractive when I don't shower ? :p haha 
Facebook mobile , you suck . 
woah , oh hey i guess there goes promises .. whatever : l 
Is quite proud that her newsfeed isn't jam-packed with posts about the superbowl like she expected it to be . Haha . 
There it is < PROPFEMALE > ! Second < PROPFEMALE > to the right , and straight on til morning (: 
ughhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh 
I'm exhausted . Gave blood today again and then worked til close . Feels good to do good for people even if I won't ever meet them . Watching I love you man . Excited for tomorrow hopefully it all works out (: 
Is pretty happy with the things are right now (: 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Tabbone I love you with all of my heart and more (: <3 
Busy busy busy .. 
Sometimes I really hate having a cellphone .. 
can't stop sneezing . UGHHHH . I hate these drastic weather changes . somebody get me a decongestant .. :\\ 
I try to take off my head sometimes because i can't escape for the life of me .. I haven't lost anything except my mind . 
99.7 degrees ? :( ugh i better not be gettig sick , AGAIN . 
Don't do that . Dont say that . Goonies never say die ! 
Is so sick .. :( 
Home from workkkk . I need < PROPMALE > sleep . 
Never expect something in return when choosing to be the bigger person . 
just accidentally swallowed some mouthwash ... I'm pretty sure that you're not supposed to do that .. O.o 
Homeee from work , im exhausted . Goodnight (: 
We need guidance , we've been misled . Young and hostile but not stupid (: 
< PROPFEMALE > :D 
And i think what kills me the most is that ive chosen this myself , even though i know i have options . 
Dont shake .. I hate to see you tremble . Your lungs are failin ' they've both stopped breathin ' , your heart is dead its way past beatin ' . 
today has been a pretty good day so far (: hopefully work is good too . 
Is not a fan of people listening to their music out loud .. We dont like the same music as you and we arent forcing you to listen to our music . Put some headphones in or turn it off .. 
I love < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > tabbone with all of my heart <3 
Sadly at least i can always count on my favorite show Grey's Anatomy to be there to distract my mind when i need it (: 
< PROPFEMALE > Sotelo you are my most favorite person in the whole world hands down (: \ 
I loveeee youuuu <3 
Off work ! Now to do my homework and get some sleep after ! ((: 
Had the most amazing evening with the most amazing person <3 i love you < PROPFIRST > , thank you for making prom so special for me (: 
is so very much and wonderfully in love (: \ 
<3 
We make a living by what we get , we make a life by what we give (: 
We may only have tonight , but til the morning sun you're mine , alllll mine . Play the music low , and sing to the rhythm of love (: 
Wooork (: 
Is dead serious this time . 
Why is it so hottt .. :( 
Little kids are adorable when they arent yours :) 
I guess none of it even mattered at all . 
In a strange strange place , I'm lying on the edge of a < PROPFEMALE > . In these violent days I only wanna be where you are . Even fools they say ... can find a way out of the dark .. Of the dark .. Help me out of the dark .. 
Have I been a sinner ? A lover , a killer ? Cause the world I've discovered .. It feels nothing like my heart . I wanna escape it , or try to embrace it . I keep re-arranging everything I know . 
Im having trouble userstand this give and take dilema . 
Im having trouble understanding this give and take dilema . 
Wishes she was allowed to take naps /; 
Its been a very very long time since ive been relaxed .. It'd be nice to feel that again . 
Is average . 
You make me want to break very valuable things . 
Okay . Well first thing you need to have is the place and the space , so what you need to answer is where ? 
I hate looking so disgustingly tired in the morning :| 
