i need red duck tape 

things are going great :) 
its raining 
beach trip !!! 
ready to grow up and move on to the rest of my life . 
im tired 
transformers was ...................................................................................................................................... yeah , that amazing of a movie . i was that speechless . 
i miss my brown hair . 
feelin ancy 
tired 
teaching swim lessons will take it out of you . 
swimming lessons are great . to bad this session ended today 
>:( 
angels roadhouse is a funny place to be . theres some crazy people there . 
chill 
:) things are great 
like being a dirty blonde 
life is great and it will always be as long as i keep working to make it . 
life is perfect 
i miss my gold hair :( 
had a great time at jakes court of honor . 
PERFECT . that is all that i can say right now . 
i need a job 
need a job . anyone hiring ? 
learning how to play sitting , waiting , wishing by < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > and Bad Touch by Bloodhound Gang 
can play bad touch ! 
I just lit myself on fire !!! i was smokin hot . 
burn baby burn ( disco inferno ) burn baby burn 
went to see alesana last night . the show was great . ask < PROPFEMALE > was crazy . didnt get to see alesana though . 
life sucks , then you die 
HAPPY NEW YEAR !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Swims almost here ! 
had a great night with a good friend . its nice to know you can count on certain people . 
just got beck from saint < PROPFIRST > . grandma gave me an old fender stratocaster !!!!! needs work but man is it a beauty . its a solid naavy blue . looks black in the right light . 
my fender is in better shape then i thought !!!!!!!!!! only 75 bucks to fix it , unless the elctric in it is bad but it shouldnt be . 
wooohoooo !!! i gained ten pounds !!!!!!!!! 
who knows what a luthier is ? no looking it up and cheating . i already know what it is . 
my dads a facebook addict . 
hates being sick . 
mad about project love groove 
ready for life to catch up with me 
swim invitational went great today . the team is coming really together . 
i miss my bed . i like my bed , its soft and confty and big enough for me . 
Vistor won the swim meet today . there woking hard but we have to step it up . 
i am now a sheltered homeless man . no going back to childish things now . 
i want to go play in the riverbed 
i think im going to like living in a camper . 
the money pit is a great movie . \the foundations was good and as long as there is a good foundation everything else can be rebuilt \"" 
Its nice to have everything out on the table . 
Excited about seeding my swimmers for the Imanuel meet . this is going to be a big meet . 
:) 
playin feudalism . 
life can only improve if you learn from your mistakes . 
Swimmers recieved a great wake up call today . 
being sick sucks . 
tetris is an addicting game 
y mind has be boggled by tetris and bejeweled . 
The < PROPFIRST > swim team did a great job against granite today . didnt win but the didnt give up . 
< PROPFIRST > against Bishop tommorow . 3:00 at the < PROPFIRST > high school pool . come watch and have a good time . 
< PROPFIRST > beat bishop . boys and girls ! we have a lot of work for next year though . 
morning practice tommorow is going to be fun . 
being a coach can be confusing at times . 
whats wrong with the immigration law in arizona ? 
i like the law arizona passed about presidential elections . 
< PROPFIRST > swim is offically moving up to division three next year . CIF just became ten times harder to compete in . 
might have a relay and a breastroker go to cif this year for swim . im excited . 
just finished with seeding DSL finals 
YOU PASS THE NORTH KOREAN BORDER ILLEGALLY \ 
YOU GET 12 YRS HARD LABOR , YOU PASS THE AFGHAN BORDER ILLEGALLY YOU GET \ 
SHOT . YOU PASS THE AMERICAN BORDER ILLEGALLY YOU GET A JOB , DRIVER'S \ 
LICENSE , ALLOWANCE FOR A PLACE TO LIVE , HEALTH CARE , EDUCATION , BILLIONS\ 
OF DOLLARS SPENT . WE < PROPFEMALE > PASSPORTS IN OTHER COUNTRIES - OR FACE JAIL \ 
TIME . REPOST THIS IF YOU AGREE !!! 
i kinda want to fall of the map till next year . 
DSL Finals were today . < PROPFIRST > has a Relay and a Breastroker going to CIF tuesday for swim . all i need now is more dedicated aggressive swimmers . 
being broke sucks 
today is bitter sweet . swim ended today . 
thinking of haveing year round morning practices . 
finally home from utah . loved it there and brought back a nice arch-top guitar :) needs repairs though . 
so basically im deppresed . :) 
feudilism 
web advisor sucks . im always forgetting my password 
shag carpet has so many possibilitys . 
buying a five string base tommorow and starting my guitar . the wood is so amazingly beautiful . im very excited :) ! 
twilight sucks :) 
going to the fender museum tommorow !!!!!!!! 
im tirred of people putting me down . how could you be a freind when nothing good comes out of your mouth . 
why does there have to be so much BS in the world ? 
stroke 
goodnight everybody . 
i just have got to say \why dont you get a job\ " by the Offspring is a great song ! " 
is six classes and 16 credits alot ? 
about ready to bash my guitar . 
planning an adventure wensday night if anyones interested . 
< PROPFEMALE > ... la la la la < PROPFEMALE > ... la la la la < PROPFEMALE > ... the kinks 
i now have a laptop 
one more week then lifeguarding is over ! 
i'm done smiling politely and turning the other cheek . 
so i say the most amazing thing today . outside of walgreens on hesperia and bear valley there was a booth stand thing were people were taking a petition to get obama empeached . 
texting is stupid . 
theres just to much BS in my life . 
i don't swear i use sentence enhancers . 
swims starting soon ! oh yeah . 
i am full of possibility and determination , throw whatever you got because i'm coming prepared . 
stuck a vvc . i locked my keys in the car . 
ten minutes till im on the streets 
men who stare at goats is one of the most amazing movies in the world ! 
my trailer is getting cold . winter must be coming in . 
i need up to date photos 
downloading music is boring 
i have just got three words to say , The Boondock Saints . 
weezer and Blink 182 
swim :) 
its very deppressing when your downloading a 100 MB file at a speed of 30 b/s . 
anything going on this weekend ? 
i just go screwed by aleks on my first math test . looks like i'm going to get a c in this class , hopefully . 
flea's bite big ti5me !! 
SGU ! 
stupid lighting , it would have been fun to practice in the rain . 
blind melon :) 
remember me is a horrible movie . 
dude < PROPFIRST > from youtube has a real legit movie . 
whos going to jazz night at the college tonight ? 
who's going to choral night ( i think its called that ) tomorrow night at the college pac 
i had a great weekend . i miss him though . 
thinks my math class blows big ones . 
i wonder how long a business could survive if Obama was running it . 
classical music calms me down so nicely . 
food inc . 
The federal governments being sued . woohoo ! The lawsuit against healthcare gets to proceed . 
did you know that corn used in food gets ammonia washed . Also the same company that created Agent Orange ( a deadly chemical gas ) created Round-up and owns a patent for Soy Beans thats makes up 90% of soy beans grown in the USA . That sounds healthy . yummmm ............ 
classiacal guitar is very interesting to play . 
Swim is going great ! 
im so glad i own a parka . Lightning is terrifying when you live in a metal trailer . 
i like my suspenders ! 
i wonder . who is going to vote nov . 2nd ? 
so ALEKS is starting to grow on me . i like the program , i just dislike the teacher . 
i went to piano class and the teacher told me to go home because i'm sick and she doesn't want to catch it . the funny thing is i had a midterm today . Thats awesome . 
how do i watch the new episode of glee online ? 
First day of getting back in shape . swim scholarship here we come . 
i feel left out cause i don't know which teams go to which sports . 
community is an amazing show 
i am exhausted . i biked 24 < PROPMALE > and swam 2600 yards today . 
i need gloves . 
i'm kinda mad . i'm sitting here watching karate kid with < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > and i thought it was going to be something different or continue with the story but its just like the first one . just with better actors . except the old mr. miagi , idk how to spell his name 
WTF ! hulus starting to make tv shows only for subscribers . some episodes are only 90 sec previews . 
too bad the snows a week late 
there needs to be a huge snowball fight tomorrow now . 
does anyone know if < PROPFIRST > has school tomorrow ? 
stuck at my house . sucks living off of a big dirt road . 
time to start training again . was a good holiday . 
just to let you guys know , i deleted my facebook games . 
something tells me that this is going to be a cold swim season . 
just changed my < PROPMALE > again . 
i am . 
tough mudder . look it up . i need a running partner as crazy as me . 
needs to find a college . 
its 1:30 and i'm all done with everything i had planned for today . 
i think < PROPFIRST > from the show psych has a pace maker . 
good night :) 
is the super bowl today ? 
state of the union address is kinda worthless and saddening . 
i wish i was the government so that way i can spend without have to worry about running out of money or facing any consequences 
swim ... swim ... swim ! :) 
yay for an eight pack ! tough mudder here i come . 
Whys obama sticking his nose into egypts business ? 
Cal State < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > div . 3 swimming ... hmmmmmm 
Sweetness !!!! swam the breastroke at about 85-90% and my knee didn't hurt at all . i might be able to swim it again . 
Jesus is not a zombie . bones is a funny show . 
To many commercials on hulu now . looks like i'm going to wait till the shows pop up on netflix . 
i can swim breastroke again ! 
< PROPMALE > Burnham 
can't wait till summer . i want a membership at the bullet hole so i can rock climb all day . 
18 in . portable pace clock $95 . thats a steal . cause a kiefer 15 in , cost $169.00 whoo hoo . go amazon . 
great night hangin with my bro . 
raquetball ? 
Anyone know how to do a backflip ? 
I'm stoked for English class . i have a hot professor ! :) 
were getting windmills ! 
BACKFLIP ! what !?! 
Blue Mountain state ! :) great show 
needs another facebook for swim so i can some things . 
today is one of the best days of my life :) im done being nice . im acting my age except at my job cause that would be uncool . 
anyone want to go on a road trip during summer ? i want to and now would be a good time to get permits and that . 
i have some bad insomnia . growing sucks . 
oh crap ... the suns coming up . 
2 hours of sleep . time for college ! whoo hoo . 
Swim Meet Went well . :) no more stress . maybe i can sleep now ? 
where did the like button go ? 
VVHS swim team has a < PROPFEMALE > for anyone interested in how the team is doing or when and where are next meets are at . the < PROPFEMALE > is \Victor Valley High School Aquatics \"" 
i need my debit card to come . its making me mad to wait . 
Fake it till you make it , I think i'm starting to make it . I woke up today refreshed . 
anything going on this week ? 
400 reverse I.m. , 200 kick , 5x 4 50's IM/free on the . 50 , 20x100 free on the 1:30 and 10x50 free butterfly 1:00 , total 4,600 yards . i'm going to be back in shape in no time ! and i swam that on no food and only five hours of sleep over the last 56 hours . im a beast ! 
skype 
I am out of shape . 
After a week of swimming i swam a 50 freestyle of the wall in 29.4 seconds . that means i can hit a 27 or so in a race . Six more seconds to go :) 
St. < PROPFEMALE>'s day and im stuck at home doing hw . this sucks 
needs a good weekend 
needs to figure out how to get fully recerted in one weekend instead of two . 
Tomorrows going to be an interesting day . i have no expectations . it makes it easier for people to suprise me . 
A whole lot of confusion just totallly disappeared . I feel so much beeter . 
oh man waking up this morning was anexperience . 
No gas to go to practice . man this bites :( 
man ... A.D.D is making it hard to concentrate . i think thats why i'm horrible to watch movies with . 
Boys Swimming won against Apple 72-69 ! whoot whoot !!!! it was a close meet . 
i think its time for me to be a little selfish with my life and time . 
Just swam 20 x25 butter fly 10x 50 fly kick 2x 500 free kick and 2x500 sprints plus worked out with weights . Im exhausted ... kinda :) 
Dear Mr. President , I hear you would like to freeze pay rates for soldiers starting next year . Would you also consider cutting your own pay to save more money for our country ? While you're at it , lets cut down all congressman's pay too . If the people who risk their lives don't get an increase in pay , why should we continue raising pay for those who take no risks and reap the benefits ? REPOST if you support troops 
i've got a long day ahead of me :) 
Went to the Branding Iron last night . It was awesome . :) 
anyone want to go to the Branding Iron this Saturday ? 
YAY ! Obamas running for president again ... yeah right he just needs to step down already , him and about two thirds of congress . 
