making connections :) 

just saw G . I . JO ! a lot of punchlines and not the best acting the the world , but all in all it was ... ok . ( didnt even want to see it , but sombody just got there way lol ) 
has something poetic to say ... but you don't get to hear it !! 
I'm a vegetarian and i aint fuckin scared of him . I'm going to head back to Dublin . I'm bored . 
damn asian cut my bangs like 2 inches tooo short D: 
@*$# this 
im down and i want the world to flip to bring me up . 
i got a call late last night and apparently im oging camping today . :D 
hey .. you look kinda cute .. ( ooh ) in that polka < PROPFEMALE > bikini guurl . hey ... this what im gona do .. ( ooh ) take off that polka < PROPFEMALE > bikini gurl ! 
whens homecoming ? 
damn , im going to be at school soooooo early :( 
just made a twitter , follow me . my username is MrFrankieSmith 
played hookie today , went to SF instead of school lol 
good morning , well for you hopefully , my damn parrot wont shut up . gah ! 
where your treasure is , there will your heart be also 
i fade in and out of reality , because this isn't how it is .. not how it used to be . 
im sitting at the computer with my baby girl :) im a daddy ! 
i was sorting through pictures on my computer , and i stumbled accross one , that reminded me how great things were , and how they arnt anymore . memories hurt 
I hate you Ronil , and < PROPFIRST > my words , I'm going to beat you ! 
is single . 
< PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > , freshman 
o.o i got flashed today . it was very unexpected .. then i left lol 
hey check out the video i uploaded to my profile , i tought myself how to do it last night and today . the video was taken like 30 minutes ago . its pertty coooool . 
haha i just cried the hardest i have in a long time :D lol 
gooood mooorning :) 
waiting for my computer to finish downloading , so i can download something else for a secret project that will make things better . 
mahaha ! 
:\\ 
conjunction junction whats your function ? 
what the heck , im just sitting here and i look down and there is an ant on my arm . i hate when that happens , because then you think ... how did he get there ? did he crall on from my hand ? or up from my feet ? D: how long has he been one me !? haha you will never know 
goodnight everyone :) 
Look for me on Friday , I will be different than normal haha 
HEY YOU ! Yeah , im talking to you . I want you to tell me a good movie suggestion . 
i have bunches and bunches more pictures from like 2006-nowish , there are some of me with long hair and really short . check them if you want . 
i need a distraction 
I'm bored , who wants to < PROPFEMALE > out or do something ? 
I work for the IMF 
I had a cool hat in my dream , but unfortunately , While eating chocolate strawberries , I got Red stains and chocolate on it . So I took it off and I soon discovered that the hair in the back of my head was sticking way up and I wouldn't make it lay flat . And before that I had like an action dream involving trying to survive and save some girl while I was with a blind chick who was driving me around . Weird , but oh well . 
I was having such a good nights sleep . Then my alarm had to go off and ruin everything :( lol 
Sugwry is done . I finished 5 minutes ago . I'm so numb 
\she rides orphans to and from the arcade \"" 
My house is going up for sale next thursday :( 
Hey if anyone recorded the performances from the drama banquet , you should send ne the video :D lol I want to see my back flip :P it's funny cuz I did it for my first time the evening before haha 
Hmm what if I cut all my hair off ? 
I did a back flip from running up a tree yesterday . It's scary lol . But I can do it :D it just needs some working on 
Run around in euphoria ! 
slip n slides can be fun , but they can also be cleverly disquised traps put there to make you scratch your stomach ! i fell into that trap o.o 
I just had a great night with great new friends :D 
Tonight was a good night , now i'm off to bed :) 
I have decided that burnette Russian chicks are cute :) 
I had another great night/ mornin with fantastic people ! Now time for sleep lol 
I've had my headphones in for the last like hour .. And I haven't been listening to anything lol . Didn't really notice C :\ 
\ 
OK (<-- its a man standing sideways ! )\ 
Hmm , may get off work early today , nice :) 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SPUJIbXN0WY&feature=related 
im 18 in like 4 days o.o this saturday ! 
Wooh ! I'm a big boy now ! 
My adress is 7247 hansen dr. Dublin ca . If I didn't mention it in some messages o.o 
If you're\ 
brave , copy this into your status . See what people rate you : ( 1 ) crazy\ 
( 2)wish we went out ( 3 ) talkative ( 4 ) sarcastic ( 5 ) lovable ( 6)\ 
sexy(7)strong ( 8 ) dumb ( 9 ) spoiled ( 10 ) mouthy ( 11 ) wild ( 12 ) goofy\ 
( 13)funny(14 ) awesomely ( 15 ) amazing ( 16 ) beauitful ( 17 ) cute ( 18)\ 
... best ... fb ... sister/brother ( 19 ) mature ( 20 ) wish we < PROPMALE > out more\ 
( 21)irreplacable ... POST IT 
It's funny when a guy goes to get a guitar because he saw a cute chick at the park . It's a mating call ! Lol 
Ahh ! The stars are amazing . I'm on a boat with < PROPMALE > in the middle of a lake under the stars . I wish I had a girlfriend lol and I wish I could show he something like this . Last night at like 11:30 the milky way was < PROPFEMALE > clear it's spectacular ! 
i havent been on facebook in ages . 
Cataclysm 
Good Night\ 
World \ 
I'll\ 
See\ 
Ya\ 
L8a 
I'm feelin like doughnuts would be pretty awesome right now 
< PROPFEMALE > Scagliotti . Very cute 
when i dive in my pool its hard to be humble when i do the breatsroke through an underground tunnel and come up on the other side in a jacuzzi being greeted by two naked models with suds on their booties 
a jacuzzi sounds great right now . if you could who would want to join me ? 
Text ? 
I love dancing crazily to loud techno in my room :) which is what I'm doing now . Peace fb 
Yup .. Not really sure what I'm doing 
\Over kill mate\ " \ 
mornin , its christmas < PROPFEMALE > :) 
get ready for the morning its going to be crazy ! 
OMG !! I think someone just broke into my house !! I'm calling the cops ! \ 
... Wait a minute .. It's christmas ... \ 
Nvm there's nothin to worry about , it's off to bed for me . Good morning everyone :) 
i got me madlibs and a juggling < PROPFEMALE > lol ( and other stuff ) 
speakeasy my friends 
waiting for stuff online is like waiting for christmas lol . i think im getting most of my stuff tomorrow morning . oh and im working on juggling . its coming along quite nicely :) 
Recent studies [ by < PROPFIRST > Smith ] show that a young adult < PROPFIRST > has used the scientific method and tested a hypothesis . He has come to the conclusion that he enjoys wearing bigger thicker socks inside out when he goes to bed all warm in his pajamas . Night ( 1:22 AM ) 
Night 
Wow ... Im about to get up after not movin by butt for just shy of 5 hours doing homework . Im just glad i got it all done . Now im off to bed . my big comfy bed :) Gooood night ! 
It's noon and I've already driven to Lafayette , Walnut Creek , Berkley , Oakland , and around SF . I just got home :) 
! thgin dooG . < PROPFEMALE > ot ffo m'I , enoyreve yeH 
Thanks weight lifting class , I like what I see in the mirror finally 
Holy crap ! I just figured out how to roll my belly lol . 
