Ok ... so I broke down and made a Facebook . Woohoo , lookit me . I feel special now . :) I have joined the masses ! 

Yes , yes , I will post pictures eventually . Let a girl get organized first , geez ! :) :: hugs to all :: 
I tell you , this is the year of reunions for me ! I have now gotten back in touch with FOUR people from my distant past in the last few months . And better yet , they all remember me ! :) Maybe I do exist in some small way . 
Sometimes I wonder how some people can be so intelligent and so stupid at the same time . It's a mystery of nature ... 
Cake . \ 
That is all . 
Seeking friends in My Empire , Farmville , and Frontierville . Darn games are addicting ! :) 
Whew ! Filled out my FAFSA forms today , to see about getting some cold hard cash for school . If all goes as planned , I will be beginning my bachelor's program in Video Game < PROPMALE > & Design come November ! 
So the word of the day is Truffles ! I need lots of truffles for my Tuscan wedding in Farmville . Other notes of interest : Need tar , gems , and softwood in My Empire . 
Thank you for all the reeds in Farmville . Don't need anymore . Need 4 more bamboo , though , as well as nails and planks . 
So hooray for good news ! We found out today that < PROPFIRST>'s cancer is pretty much isolated to his armpits , and he will likely not need chemotherapy at all . Just a month or so of radiation therapy and he should be fine . Thank gods ! 
Need Olives in Farmville !!! Got plenty of the rest of the ingredients , so anyone who can help me with olives is fantastic . 
Hooray for rain !!! Finally got some moisture . The poor horses were pretty close to eating dirt when they finished their hay , lol . 
All righty , so anyone who plays Frontierville and has eggplants unlocked ? Please comment here , because I need to be able to tend three neighbor eggplants for a quest . So if we could coordinate a planting ( as they grow in two hours ) , that would be fantastic ! 
How do you make a winery in Farmville ? I cannot find it in the Marketplace ... 
Let's see ... I need bricks and beeswax in Farmville ! I need SOMEONE to plant three eggplants for me in Frontierville so I can tend them . Also still need a darn Welcome Mat ! I can send it back as soon as it completes my quest . 
The elusive Welcome Mat in Frontierville ... it haunts me ... I shall never get my school opened ! 
Pictures ! Finally got a couple of them up . 
Wheeeeee ! 
Weaning myself off quite a few of my Facebook games . Starting my courses in October , so gotta focus ! 
As of today , I am officially a college student ! Woohoo ! 
If anyone knows someone on their friends list who needs another neighbor in Farmville ? I am ONE person away from being able to expand my homestead again . 
Happy to say I have aced my first week of class ! Got my grades for the first few assignments and got < PROPMALE > scores on all of them . :) 
Cancer awareness month . In memory of every cancer patient , family member , and friend who has lost their battle with cancer and in honor of those who continue to conquer ! Put this up for 1 hour if you love someone who has or had cancer . Many won't copy and paste . I was proud to . Will you ? 
Rain rain and more rain for the next few days . Blah ! 
Fallout : New Vegas . Drooool . 
Why must most top-tier video games today release with at least one game-breaking bug ? Fallout : New Vegas , I love thee dearly , but now I must wait for a patch so I don't lose my character to the save corruption bug ! 
Epiphany ! Don't you love those moments when you wake up from a nap with oodles of creative ideas jumping out of your head ? My video game concept went from abstract to solid plan in one afternoon ! 
OMG , FINALLY ! The temp disability payment came through . Hey , and it only took three months , including a month of him back to work after his cancer treatments . HATE bureaucracy . Now I'll spend the next week trying to unravel my nerves from fright of bankruptcy . 
Woohoo ! Just turned in my final assignment for class . This means I'm done with school until January 10th , aside from a few pops into the classroom to answer some feedback . 
Kinect is ridiculously fun . Hooray for Christmas presents ! 
Finally back around . Happy New Year to everyone ! Here's hoping this year is less stressful than last ! :) 
Back to class in three days , lost three pounds with Dance Central on Kinect , and have three characters in my game more or less fleshed out ! Three seems to be a good number today . 
There is now four feet of snow outside . The snow is almost higher than the horse fences . I have pictures ! I'll post them soon . 
Perspective class is over . Managed to come away with an A by the skin of my teeth ! It was a challenging course ! Onto Drawing class now , time to settle into the new flow . 
I'm getting pretty good at pulling out these A's by the skin of my teeth . Made an A in Drawing class by 0.18% ! Now for a week off to actually relax ! 
