is glad that Mikie and < PROPFEMALE > are doing KICCS this week ..... rain , rain , rain 

is working on VBS Mega Sports Camp !! It starts this Sunday- 5:30 - 7:30 pm and ends on Thursday with a big family tailgate party !! Everyone is invited . 
taught at the Y , going to Mikie and Katies KICC graduation and then off to church to get the fields ready for Mega Sports Camp ..... < PROPFIRST > and I welcome all helpers !! 
sending a shout out that there's three more days of VBS Mega Sports Camp at New Work Fellowship , 5:30 - 7:30 , age 3 thru 5th grade .... 
what a perfect day for Belews ( it was yummy !! ) 
feels very blessed !! 
cleaned house , went to Project Playground , and picked up everything to sew < PROPFEMALE>'s < PROPFEMALE > costume ( thanks Holly !!! ) ! :) 
had a great 4th ! so blessed to live in a free country where we can worship God and shoot off \firecracks \"" 
would love to download some pics to FB but can't because my computer is old and doesn't hold enough memory !! UUGGGHHHH 
yeah , my computer works today and my husband just brought me a Starbucks .... 
oh the beautiful sunshine after the rain 
monday , monday , get everything in order day !! 
finally braved the Y pool with all three kiddos .... it was quite nice !! 
is wishing my brother Mikie < PROPMALE > a fantastic birthday :-)))) 
my Tuesday 8-9am YMCA spin class will now be on Wednesdays 8-9am effective Aug . 12 
got to go outside and prune my overgrown shrubs !! 
aaahhhh a day off !!!! 
mentally preparing for another week of working three jobs ... 
is looking forward to the weekend ! 
is praying for Mikies cough to get better ! 
is wishing there was something worth watching on tv tonight ! 
is getting everything ready to paint the boys bedrooms ! 
more painting .... but their rooms are going to be so nice , complete with stripes along the top ... birthday party and as Mikie says , \some chillaxin'\ "" 
good to get back into a routine ... now only if groceries would magically appear in the fridge and laundry would be magically washed , dried , folded and put away ..... oh , a girl can dream !! 
on was sitting on my couch , getting ready for work and holding my 8 mo . old baby girl thinking how ridiculously crazy things can get and how I hoped those who were dying knew Jesus ... where were you 8 years ago ??? 
I was sitting on my couch , getting ready for work and holding my 8 mo . old baby girl thinking how ridiculously crazy things can get and how I hoped those who were dying knew Jesus ..... where were you 8 years ago ??? 
praying < PROPFIRST > recovers soon from H1N1 
wondering what's for dinner ! I'm hungry !! 
feels like I'm getting sick !! 
not looking forward to a very long drive tomorrow !!! 
so sad , we had one car of trick or treaters tonigt and NO < PROPFEMALE > to give ! :( that's pitiful 
another one bites the dust ..... Mikie is sick- fever , headache ( can you say FLU ) I'm waiting for my year to get better ..... 
getting ready for family pics 
it's a beautiful day !! 
will be glad to have my husband home today !! don't like being a single parent . 
just wondering where the \Holly Jolly\ " is at my work place ???? not feeling the Christmas spirit at all ........... SMILE PEOPLE it's Jesus birthday soon " 
dashing through the snow , in a one horse open sleigh ...... JINGLE BELLS , JINGLE BELLS , JINGLE ALL THE WAY ........................................................... OH WHAT FUN ................ 
last day of school- looking forward to the time off , not looking forward to my scheduled children having to readjust . 
is filling stockings .... looking forward to a very < PROPFEMALE > Christmas !! 
is taking care of a very sick little girl !! high fever and let me just say \everything else .. \"" 
was going to go see UK play tonight ..... but plans have changed- now I have a very sick little boy named < PROPFIRST > !!!!!!!!!! 
giraffe print 
had a fantastic day with Mikie :) and we're finally getting a < PROPMALE > - YEAH 
loves my 7th graders at HCA !!!! you guys rock 
come on snow ..... we're waiting !!! 
Happy , Happy Birthday to my precious 9 year old- < PROPFEMALE > !!!!!!! 
let it snow , let it snow , let it snow !! 
< PROPFEMALE>'s girl scout cookies will be in tomorrow !! 
had a FANTASTIC weekend with my dear friend at the \LEGACY\ " conference- all about making disciples ....... so excited " 
OKAY , < PROPMALE > has officially lost his mind !!!! is he trying to compensate for something ?? 
my < PROPFEMALE > stayed home sick today ( feeling blah with what I thought was a sinus infection ) now she's running a fever and throwing up in bed !! :( 
my < PROPFEMALE > is on the mend and back at school today !! :) 
I love Spring Break ...... at home with my babies making biscuits , eggs and bacon- YUM !!!! 
colored eggs , made homemade strawberry cake for tomorrow , and lots of other goodies are in prep for dinner tomorrow ..... and if that isn't enough my husband is taking me on a date tonight and I have a new pair of shoes !! red peep toes LIFE IS GOOD AND GOD IS BETTER 
took the kids to the Louisville Slugger Museum today and then to the pool !! do you remember how incredible it was to stay in a hotel with an indoor swimming pool when you were 5 ?? I do , so exciting .. 
enjoying a Heine Bro . latte and listening to my kiddos and < PROPFIRST > snore !! LOL ..... so peaceful- I'm very blessed with my sweet family- so much love 
Free Concert to help bring an orphan home !!!! < PROPFEMALE > McQueen will be releasing her new CD This Shimmering Blue and < PROPFIRST > Putty will be speaking on the heart of adoption ! Come out on Friday , April 23rd at 7:00 p.m. at the Hillcrest Baptist Youth Building . Hope to see you there 
just made a homemade cheesecake with chef Mikie as my helper 
our home study for our adoption went REALLY well today ! yahhhh .... the kids didn't scare the social worker away !! :) yahhhh ..... God is fantastic and we anxiously await a referral !!! YAH .... 
Very sadly , most of you probably won't copy and paste this . Will you do it and leave it on your status for at least an hour ? It's Special Education week , and this is in honor of all the kids who need a little extra help & understanding 
Today , I went from three par t-t ime jobs to zero OR to the only one that counts .... - being a full-time Mommy !! Yeah ..... I even had time to polish my toes ! 
Had a great dinner with my baby !! 
THANKS TO EVERYONE FOR THE INCREDIBLE BIRTHDAY WISHES !!!! I FEEL VERY LOVED :) 
With my boyz at CECz 
really missing my baby girl today !!! she's having a blast at camp .... 
< PROPFEMALE > is home from camp :) and our sweet friends are coming to spend the weekend with us :) !!!! God is better than good !!!!! 
sushi , coconut ice cream and painting .... a perfect night 
< PROPFEMALE > is officially a big girl and moving upstairs ! < PROPFIRST > and I did a bed and bath makeover for her while she was at camp !! Hope she likes it :) . SURPRISE 
Okay !! Just watched Toy Story 3 with the kids and I admit I cried ( < PROPMALE > went to college ) 
At the dentist with the kids ( they didn't let me walk back with them ) they are growing up on me in front of my eyes !!!! 
I'm looking for an antique twin iron bed ... anyone know where I can find one ( I already checked Butler's) ???? 
Thirty One gifts order are in today !! I will deliver them before Thursday .... 
HAPPY 6TH BIRTHDAY TO MY BIG BOY- < PROPFIRST > !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Hananoki and CEC to play ... A perfect family birthday celebration ! 
My baby went to 1st grade this morning !!! my middle to 2nd grade and my < PROPFEMALE > is upstairs doing review- her first day at the Venable Homeschool !!! 
For those of you who have been praying for my < PROPFEMALE > , thank you ! Her EEG was normal and no meds are needed at this time !!! Praise to the < PROPMALE > !! 
Dear Prada , \ 
I love you but your shoes are too darn expensive ! 
off this morning to help Mikie ... aka \Nate the Great\ " solve a mystery at school ! " 
\Adoption\ " and \ " Expecting\ " are the same thing ... in both situations the Mama's undergo preparation ..... " 
Had a great time working and taking in the festivities at the World Equestrian Games in Lexington .... GO USA ( and great job Lexington ) 
AWE ... back to the reality of imperfection 
This is < PROPFIRST > talking for < PROPFEMALE > - the doctor came in this morning and confirmed that she will have the decompression surgery for her Chiari Malformation . He is booked until next Wednesday , but he wanted one of his partners ( Dr. < PROPFIRST > Hampf ) to assist in the surgery . 
Ok its < PROPFIRST > again . Surgeons came back this afternoon and we have a tentative surgery time of Monday @ 3:00 . This is tentative . We will stay at the hospital until surgery day to give the steroids the time to work . The less inflammation the better . After surgery we anticipate up to a week in the hospital and then a few months of recovery at home . 
Looking at FB for the first time since some time in Oct . Recovery is horrible but < PROPFIRST > is trying to keep me positive ! I'm off of the pain meds and that is bringing loads of new pain plus daily nausea and vomiting . Please pray that I can have some relief . 
Looking for a violin teacher for my soon to be 10 yr old and a guitar teacher for my soon to be 8 yr old ...... any suggestions ?? 
