Happy new yr . from me at work ... :-( 

Faded wit da family n friends 
Turnin 21 in 2 months n 17 days 
Man drinkin while sad is not cool 
Phone is Broken . this sucks 
nebody has an AT&T fone for sale 
damn little cousins eatin and drinking everything 
no sleep for me tonight do I tell her truth ? anyone hit me up . 
Still no sleep . 
confused , sad , and still awake 
Hella bored 
Hmm lookin for that special someone 
worst Saturday night ever . 
pissed off cuz I'm always the who gets done dirty 
chillin at home get at me 
still awake sadly 
going to a family party . what sucks is that its next to a police softball game 
Today is a beautiful day . 
cousins invited there hot friends . =) but they look young =( 
Back n fresno ready to party . get at me on the cell . 
Was about to go to sleep when katt < PROPMALE > american hustle came on so I'm gonna stay up : 
Bored 
feeling negative emotions .. i cant say why but it feels like something is taking my happiness and putting sadness , depression 
hella bored 
TODAY is Four Twenty ... hitlers birthday today .. no wonder everone smokes weed today 
so bored 
today is going to be very intresting 
at grandparents . get at me 
still thinken . and hopefull that the lakers got this . 
who wants kick to it . 
anyone got a verizon for sale . 
what's good for Saturday 
love my family . But only god can help me now . I would like to thank the friends for the talks and those who were to busy . I know you there in spirit . but I need to be alone . 
barely about crash . 
Damacio Leyva never disrespect me . its one of the most dumbest things you can do to a guy you just met . 
Perfect love is rare indeed - for to be a lover will require that you continually have the subtlety of the very wise , the flexibility of the child , the sensitivity of the artist , the understanding of the philosopher , the acceptance of the saint , the tolerance of the scholar and the fortitude of the certain 
need to kick it with friends . 
A beautiful woman needs to be kissed properly and passionately . nothing less is acceptable 
I feeling a lot better . But no there is a sense of something missing . 
I'm feeling a lot better . But now there is a sense of something missing . 
It's Time for me to Step up . To tap into my inner strength . Past my inner demon . People need me now more than ever . 
Who's up still . 
Any one got plans for tomorrow . 
In my shoes , just to see What it's like , to be me I'll be you , let's trade shoes Just to see what it'd be like To feel your pain , you feel mine Go inside each others ' minds Just to see what we'd find Look at shit through each others ' eyes Don't let ' em say you ain't beautiful They can all get fucked , just stay true to you . guess which song this is from 
A man visited his wife in the hospitalThe Doctor said your wife has become blind death and a muteThe man said fine prepare for surgery . i will give her my eyes for i have already seen the most beautiful women on this planeti will give her my ear drum for i always listen with my heart , give my tongue for she has already left me speechlessand doctor if all else fails give her my heart for this has always belonged to her . 
Let me be the one to show you what passion and fervor is all about . 
Has no < PROPFEMALE > for the stupid and immature . 
mayweather 
new out look on life . new mind set and new hair color . 
Damn my jaw is finally givng up on me . 
in a lot pain . 
someone text me I'm bored and in pain . 2748202 
still hurting . 
Went to church for the first time in a long time . I felt so so much heat and warmth . I was the only in my row to sweat then I felt energized . the best I've felt in a long time . l see it as a sign to become a minister again . 
hmmm should I start dating again ? 
hey who here likes poetry 
hey yall read my poem and let me know what you think . 
damn hurt my shoulder 
Still awake . 
got dressed up for nothing guess I'm going not out 
Happy Mothers DAy MOM . I know i wasn ; t the easiest kid to raise but you did it without question or regret . I love you so much . I will make sure everythings better by my twenty first birthday . 
Happy Mother's to all generations . Today is your day we treat you like \ 
the queens you are as we show thanks for raising us regardless how hard \ 
it was on you . Wether you were single or had spouse of some kind \ 
Thankyou for the years of love and the sacrifices you made will not be \ 
in Vain . 
Bored someone get at me . 
got the wip anyone down to chill after seven 
beautiful day today . 
phone is hella broken can't go through my phone anyone got a ATT for . sale . 
Goin to the Hospital tomorrow at four in the morning 
someone text me plz 
grandpa , 
grandpa's surgery tomorrow plz pray for him 
praying for my grandpa 
just had a fantastic omlet at the hospital . 
grandpas in surgey . 
Grandpa is half way through surgery . starting to breath easier . 
he made it through safelly thanj 
thank God he's safe and thankyou all for those who prayed . 
by my grandfather's side helping out the best I can 
first night in hospital by his side . 
we are leaving the hospital tomorrow . 
Going home today n a couple of hours . 
We can finally rest as a family . 
life is good . 
lakers lost damn it . 
I feel your pain . now feel my hope . 
at the doctors office waiting for my grandpa to get his staples removed 
chillin at home . get at me on the cell . 
man I am bored . oh well can't wait to get my hair cut . 
ghalebs is the best . 
I'm sinking again , I'm drinking again\ 
Drownin & Wildin you breathin again\ 
\ 
Is Easy to sin when you bleeding within ' Needin the grin cheese and recede in the spend\ 
Lower than low , lower than low\ 
Thats how I feel in the morning\ 
Lower than low lower than lowThat's how I sound when you callin'\ 
Im high but feel like im falling im sorry but I feel lower than low Tech N9ne ft Krizz Kaliko Low 
is it natural to stay up this early . because of sadness . 
today was a beautiful day . 
another addition to the Leyva family . mucho amor < PROPFEMALE > mi familia 
Damn two hour talk on the phone . Slept then woke up with a cold . What's next . 
second day of the new job ... 
doin me and doin work sorry but my phone is broke new one comin though with the check 
doing the best i can working . 
getting off work early everyday . only to come to realize they want my check not me . i thought a job would fix everything . money can't fix a disturbed mind . 
getting my own whip real soon and real cheap for a badass car . 
man im just confused . 
two checks this friday yeah ... 
So down right know . 
Just got off work what's good . 
Just got off work 
About to beast it at work im thinkin twelve thirty clockout . 
This is your girl stormie hackin mamayos facebook lmao 
Got paid and im out four hrs early . yeah i know im a beast lol 
No happiness for me . i miss my family to death . My friends are so distant . i have my faith but with the evil always wispering how can i last . 
Love my family leyva n mercado sides . cant wait to visit the 805 
Just got home ;-) 
So many things runnin threw my mind 
Phone got stolen so dont text me just get at me threw here . 
Cant sleep .... just so much on my mind . 
Cant sleep just so much on my mind . 
Doin it big 2nite 
Im so cold I'm so cold . 
Just thinkin about what you told Me 
man my homies got me To spill the truth dam you < PROPFIRST > And < PROPFIRST > lpl 
well its official im not anymore :-( 
Feelin way , better 
Spending that quality time with the bestie storm 
Miss the helll out of the leyva fam ... get me family 
Workin hard ... getting that money 
Passed my 90 day probation at work :-) :-)) 
Some1 told me are u happy ur 20 and half ..... 
Off work hit me up if u want 
Happiness isn't in my Near future .. but i wpnt give up on ur happiness 
Happiness isn't in my Near future .. but i wpnt give up on ur happiness . 
At work surprised no1 Is here yet 
Get at me 
Off work get at me 
Got five new tattoos 
Fuck the police !!!! dnt ask why i was in jail until three am hacked by stormiiiie 
At the p.s. again damn it lol 
my phone is off get at me threw here . 
somerhings missing ... or maybe someone .... :-( 
I'm sorry . i did something i promised alot of people i wouldn't do ever again , But what do you expect when u feel like cold stranger in ur own mothers house . 
So how about i had to work overtime with the guy who is my biggest hater at work . im almost done n yet im scheduled to be here till 5 . 
why does today feel off . 
Man i hate bein bored ima go buy an xbox 360 i guess 
Man im super bored ... i got Money a wip and time . whats good facebook . 
Dam teachin storm to be my replacement lol she is doin a good job 
Man my new job is gonna test me 
my inner demon is hurting those close to me . so i will turn to God and my faith . maybe then my mind can be at piece . 
Im hurtin insde but feelin good on the outside 
Faded 
Living without a heart is like not living at All . 
Feelin broken n twisted hidn tears faking smiles . maybe im just filled with sickness of the heart n disturbed in the mind 
So how random is this . i got to foods co to buy some things and a girl said she knows me from from the second grade ... wtf :-O 
Im in the 805 once again in a long time how u been oxnard 
Hey my cell phone is back on my droid x send ur < PROPFIRST > new phone same # so get at me 
Send me ur < PROPFIRST > plz new phone needs to be filled up 
So what's good facebook ???? 
Go packets 
Go packers green n yellow 
Lets go packers 
How's every1 doin 
Hey I still need every1s # 
Sometimes the day is perfect . Sometimes you gotta make perfect . 
At aldos doin it up latin style lol 
Pissed off that i got two hours of sleep and yet every1 is wondering why im grouchy 
Sometimes I feel meaningless to you other times idk nemore . 
Burned my fingertips . At work :( 
Its easy for me to get people to laugh smile enjoy there day . But why is smiling so difficult for me . 
Gone\ 
Fishing =) 
GOD builds churches . Satan built the DMV . 
Feelin great 
Had a great night 
Feeling awesome 
Sometimes we need to be alone . Other times we need someone close . Or maybe we need to really see who you u are and what u really need 
I can't sleep . I can feel u tossing and turning as if u were next to me . I wish I can be the friend u need . Im here by ur side . Always S D L be strong ...... 
Fml 
A Almost 21 
21 
Just wanna say thank u 
For all the birthday love u guys made my day 
Today is going to be lived like would have wanted it to be . 
Remembering that night\ 
Feeling hella bad 
Feelin so bad inside 
Oh snap cat had its kittens who wants 1 lol 
Finally got my lincense 
On my way to c the Leyva family =) shout out to < PROPFIRST > finally 21 let's do it big 
I miss the No town ... Actually nahh just the people lol 
No matter how much I drank I still missed that 1 girl ...... wonder if missed me 
I'm backkkk lol 
Im tired 
Ughghh sometimes I hate being single 
