why is it that all of the food that is < PROPFEMALE > delicious makes me sick ? 

Just won money at the horse race . big money . -never bet on < PROPFIRST > Padilla- never 
may just give it all up . 
loves her grandpa and tractors ... woot woot ! 
is ready for a pow wow 
is at peace , and quite possibly the happiest she has been in months 
crying on the inside 
Me encontrare mi amor . 
... she flew up to heaven on the wings of angels ... 
and there's holes in the floor of heaven , and her tears are pouring down . that's how you know she's watching , wishing she could be here now . 
countin flowers on the wall . that don't bother me at all . playin solitaire till < PROPFEMALE > , with a deck of fifty-one . smokin cigarettes and watchin captin kangaroooo . now don't tell me , i've nothin to do-Statler Brothers 
in need of a superhero 
is going to have the most amazing day tomarrow with her crazed family !!!!!!!!!!! 
Last night was wonderful ! Full of rain , golf , obnoxious rude children , family , fire , boats , dogs , fire works , drunken people , Jonny Cash , racist jokes , fish named < PROPFIRST > , and burnt marshmallows-we haven't quited mastered the < PROPMALE > yet ! :D 
If I was to believe in past lives , I would have to say that I definately was an amazing sharp shooter !!!!! I killed that bullseye ! 
managed to make it through another day , adding to the string of unbearable days . weeks . months . 
the world will never be the same . and you're to blame . 
It's what you do to me . 
enjoys those who enjoy scary movies 
wants to go to ceresco , but sadly has no one to go with . tear . 
and i'll ride away . . . on a sin wagon 
i'll walk , please come and hold my hand , right now i'm hurt , and i don't understand . so let's be quiet , and later we can talk . please stay . don't worry . i'll walk 
angry . but feeling loads better . off to numb my brain with some tv . 
starting to see the little joys in life again . woot woot . 
okay . so i just watched amityville horror , and it was amazing ! yet kind of freaky . that little girl looks wayyyy to much like a friend of mind . and < PROPFIRST > reynolds - you can be my leading man anytime ! haha . scruffy :D 
feeling a juno day coming on ! 
isleep 
and the angel sang a whiskey lullaby 
i've been searchin ' wondrin ' thinkin ' . lost and lookin ' all my life . i've been wounded jaded loved and hated . i've wrestled wrong and right . - i met God's will on a saturday night . he was dressed as a bag of leaves . 
Had a wonderful time watching her uncle at the rodeo in dc , as well as seeing bubba and shirmp , and her family ! 
i feel stupid . i finally realize what so many people have hinted at in the past few weeks and months . i give up . i will not force you . i will not beg you . no more . i promise . 
feeling jaded 
i miss my little < PROPMALE > 
I really screwed this one up ! Today it's one stupid mistake after another . I can never live up to their expectations . I'm an epic fail , and i'll never be good enough for them . 
la . la . la . la . la . la . not looking forewards to tomarro . gr . death will come fast and furious to those who annoy me , and stand in my way ! 
there's nothing like getting in trouble for stuff your cousin does , and you have no control over 
is it moose or mooses - well whatever . mooses are kind of special if you know what i mean . 
i'm afraid that i'm convicing myself that something that is so unlikely has to be true , that i'm actually starting to believe myself . even though my sane self says it's impossible , i can't help but think the insane part has a point . 
as i spent time with my family this weekend , they decided to share several bits of information with me , allowing me to learn oh so much . here goes . when your aunts tell you that you can talk to them , your uncles will go and tell everyone while getting was 
cleaned my whole room out . got rid of a truck load of clothes . then filled it back up . 
pulling through . 
i really don't think that tv's should be teaching girls , or boys for that matter , to pole dance , chair dance , or lap dance either . way to go . start them off young ! 
i have a < PROPMALE > headache . some random girl form boystown showed up on my porch . and my tv was stolen 
i feel oddly torn in two different directions . places i have been before , but swore i never would again . and then a whold different direction . however there is a HUGE dead end sign coming up . i can only dream of making it past that sign . so now i feel lik 
got three purples . won the quiz bowl . and got grand reserve champion . 
living in the rain 
i hope you always find a reason to smile 
spent the evening with grandma , blow torch lady , finger dancer , mushroom head , < PROPMALE > potter , obnoxious , and once-upon-a-time saint/ excellent mashmellow maker 
is it possible for your eyes to dry and shrivel up . while you're still alive of course . 
i am literally worrying myself sick . 
as soon as she said the word it spread like anthrax . in a matter of seconds . 
i cant help but think i missing out on a little slice of life . if you would like to fill that for me , pleas feel free to GO FOR IT ! 
tears are falling on the inside 
danced the night away with some sexy-hot guys . you know who you are ! :D 
bow . chicka . woaw . woaw . 
poo 
i need to figure this all out . 
waiting for a day that might never come .... 
this was the most amazing night in my life ! 
golfed with my crazy aunts , uncles , and cousins . then went out on my uncle's pond . tonight was so calm and beautiful ! the < PROPFEMALE > s were mesmerising . finally found the little dipper . thanks < PROPFEMALE > ! saw venus/saturn/jupiter . then saw a satelite . and even wished upon a shooting < PROPFEMALE > . the milkyway is amazing . not to mention the blue bonfire . and the best talks . it was < PROPFEMALE > peaceful . i realize that i'm right where i want to be 
suprise suprise suprise ... well not really . i saw it coming . but i'm shocked he had the guts to do it . there's a first for everything , and i'm glad i was there for her when it happened . 
my face is actually bruised and swollen ! thanks guys . 
lalala . i'm talking to < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > and zach 
this fly is out to get me ! 
im feeling the heartache . its scary how all he used to think about is you , but now he doesn't even give you the slightest thought . 
i need something new , because what i had obviouly wasn't what i loved . 
well la di fricken da !!!!! 
< PROPFIRST > Swayze ... you will forever blow my mind . toned and talented . sexi ! 
this is the most perfect night that i've had in a longggg time . 
so thanks to a couple people i learned some great life lessons today . ones i probably should have learned earlier . something's going to go down if they say a word to me . on another note , i know for sure that who's a backstabber . screw you . you ruined the best weekend i've had in a long time . 
fml 
i wanna feel the thunder . i wanna scream . let the rain fall down . im comin clean , 
if i told you everything was okay - id be lying 
it sucks when you wanted what you couldn't have , but it sucks even worse when you eventually get it , but no longer want it . now i dont know what to do . Choose what i wanted and came to hate , or stay strong and keep hating it . it's easy when there's no temptation , but now i don't know if i'm biased . should i trust them ... or my self ? 
lame 
my wish 
confused . and it's getting worse and worse 
let's hear it for the boy 
buckle up buttercup , because were going on a ride of a lifetime 
seabiscuit , why do you decieve me ? 
if only for a moment i could take back time . the world had stopped spinning . i had family . i had wonder . i had a future . i had life . 
you know that you're best friends when you can lick syrup out of each others bellybuttons 
confused 
way to take state aquinas ! keep fighting football team . 
If I could give you one thing in life , I would give you the ability to see yourself through my eyes , only then would you realize how special you are to me . 
grrr . im screwing everything up . why cant i just figure out my crap and go with it ? 
so if everything stays the same or keeps getting worse , i pretty much know what i want , im going to keep chasing it . 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > !!!!!! gr . 
i need a hero . im holding out for a hero ' til the end of all time . he gotta be sure and hes gotta be smooth and hes gotta be larger than life . 
find a reason 
i will show you how it works 
I just dyed my dad's hair neon purple , and shaped it into a VERY stylish faux-hawk if i do say so myself . i feel accomplished . :D 
leaving paradise 
i feel horrible . lightheaded . the whole bit . i just want to pass out . 
just when you think you have everything figured out ... 
babylon of the orient : shanghai restoration project . check it out . me gusta mucho 
don't forget , you are always on our minds 
just got done lifting with < PROPFEMALE > . lol . 
when everything seems like its going great ... WHAM !!... disaster hits . it hits hard . 
sometimes you just need someone to knock the sense and the life back into you . thanks . 
RED ! 
a beautiful nightmare 
... and so i'll bide my time 
i am officially freaking out . what in the world was a thinking ; two monolouges ... im screwed . 
i am proud to say that i have a new found respect for LSW vocal program . and that show you guys put on tonight was absolutly AMAZING !!! i cannot stop thinking about it ... and him 
sooo tonight was the best night of my life ! just .. simply amazing . 
.. is in pure bliss . why cant every night measure up to this .. or more . 
well ... that was interesting 
everywhere and messy 
like i said .. 
one paper done ! ... eight more assignments to go :/ 
regretting some things ive done . hopefully i can make up for them . 
running on adrenaline since 7 o'clock this morning ... dont think this is going to turn out so well 
see the beauty in everything 
days go by 
... and the panic sets in 
i had the an amazing night . my family keeps me going . < PROPMALE > out with the cousins for the while , and then some with the rest of my family . there were mixed attempts at singing , some of the dirtiest jokes ive ever heard , and delicious food . plus its pretty funny when they all get tipsy . 
watching ' the legend of bagger < PROPMALE>' 
Life Lesson #312 : Do not gamble with the girls . You will lose ALL of your money . Gamble with the guys , it works better ( it has been proven in the past ) . And especially DO NOT at all costs sit between < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > , bad luck will come your way . On both sides . 
lazer quest , birthday party , and plamor !! its going to be a good night 
id just thought id let you know ... i mis you .. 
road trip ! 
going up to parsens tomarro , then hopefully i will hit < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > and fly high . a night on the town , sound pretty good right about now . 
diners are always better at one a.m. < PROPFEMALE>'s Diner is where its at . 
hmm ... today was quite interesting . Went up to parsenn's , it was absolutely beautiful , and then down to < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > , super icy over there ; running into and hitting a boulder and a couple of trees on the way down while nearly breaking BOTH of my legs , and laughing histerically at both me and my dad falling into a hidden 3 ft . deep snow drift . 
best week 
... and i said ' yes ' 
you should ALWAYS feel pretty 
i feel like i just got ran over by a slightly oversized truck . :/ bleh 
went to the game , and then tacos with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > . sounds pretty good to me . 
yeah , just push me away and wonder why im not here when you change your mind 
i feel oddly accomplished . hmmm :) 
im not as fragile as you think . its all okay , i can look out for myself , you don't have to . so just go for it . 
i miss you 
i can't accept it yet 
life unexpected 
things are starting to fall apart , and for the first time , i think it's going to be a good thing :) 
yippeeeee ! 
the guys were stunnin ' the girls were struttin ' , but it was ALL about the bald < PROPFEMALE > pets 
hamm & buble 
i guess thats what i get 
what is it about sanding your boats in your basement ? 
why are you grabbing between your legs kitty-cat ? 
two times in one day - man thats harsh . you mess up , and ill be the one that has to pay . dont screw this up . 
more people are killed by donkeys annually than are killed in plane crashes <---- true fact . 
maine is the toothpick capital of the world . now thats something to be proud of . way to find your talents maine . kudos . 
woohooo ! a lovely night as far as im concered . the proposal , silly string , hockey , fighting , and some verryyy good news :) 
grrr ! my knee is killin . it feels like its in a frickin vice ... :/ 
back massage ?... i think yes ! 
yay < PROPMALE > ! we are all so proud of you and we'll be there to cheer you on . i hope its all you ever dreamed it would be . good luck and kick some butt . 
the jalepenos definately werent my best idea , but consider us bonded :) 
come to canada . ride a moose . 
death by smarties 
im scared 
POW 
squirel .... 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Roberts <----- that is < PROPFEMALE>'s real name . true story . 
i am . 
< PROPFIRST > 
Ihlmosvyewrxapcbhoeqlvoqcshlofa2 ! :) 
... yeah .. 
:( bleh , stupid canada ! 
i can feel it pulsing through me 
average cat 
words can not express how pissed off i am right now 
either i just sleep like a rock , or my friends are freakin ninjas ! 
i had the worst night of sleep last night . im pretty sure i woke up with temporary amnesia , seeing as how i couldn't even remember how to use a lock , or what its exactly for . 
the entire lower half of my spine is bruised . great . 
LGMH 
off to judge an elementary school science fair ! i can already tell , this is going to be very fun/interesting night . :D 
never before in my life have i thought more seriously about becoming a vegitarian . 
jesus/juan 
.. :: i dont want empty promises :: .. 
< PROPMALE > theme ? i think , yes ! 
strawberry fields :D 
finished my < PROPMALE > theme ! and its not even that late . :D 
* video killed the radio < PROPFEMALE > * 
this goes out to you < PROPMALE > , ronaldo/juan , mystery man , and especially you < PROPFIRST > . you guys really know how to treat a lady right . 
feeling really sick :( 
still feeling really sick . but tonight was fun . you have to love the oldies :D they make me smile ... even those browned eyed squirrels . 
:D SPRING CLEANING ! its oddly refreshing , but its making my allergies act up really bad :/ 
is ready 
i hate when im making a milkshake and boys just show up in my yard . 
when the sun refused to shine . 
quote of the day : ' raping you , that just makes me laugh ' 
bermuda triangle 
:D i had a fun filled day with my family . i love that they're lazy , racist-comment-making , protective , and smack-talking people . they keep me laughing at all times <3 
.. :: i am a dreamer :: .. 
bounce bounce bounce bounce ! 
Lips are used for 3 things : 1 ) Spitting out watermelon seeds so they don't fall in your cleavage 2 ) For speaking 3 ) For kissing ..... 
why is it that whenever im feeling good and things are getting better , it changes . i get jerked around and my heart tears just a little bit more than it did before . 
i hate allergies 
i was sooo pissed today . u c i have always wanted to give blood , & i was finally old enough to donate today . so i sat in the room for 45 mins only to be told that i just barely missed the weight requirement , even after i stuffed my face & drank tons of water . i even tried to stuff my pockets . but they totally just shut me out & denied my blood . all i wanted was to save up to 3 lives !!!! gosh darnit ! hmph . 
my favorite place is inside your hug love . 
slept 13 hours , biked 14 < PROPMALE > with my mom , and finished 11 missing math assignments . im exhaused , but i feel absolutely amazing and accomplished :D 
i had the most amazing day today ! scarry movies + uneasy feelings + a < PROPFEMALE > run = mini heart attack when creepers breahe really heavily and pop up behind ur car . hehe , i love doing mischievious deeds with my amigos . mwahahaha :D 
is loving life . 
ari herstand ! 
trust is a fickle thing . 
destination : happiness :D . expected arrival : who knows ? :D . 
can you feel my pulse ? 
used my psychology skills , got tickled to death , had a dance party in the middle of the road , and < PROPMALE > out with some pretty hilarious old people . i love it ! great day . good luck to the lady gators tomarro who play at city :D 
#87 on < PROPFEMALE>'s Bucket List : take a long walk on the beach with a handsome gentleman .... check :D 
i am a perpetual dreamer :) 
im ready to take the world by storm . watch out :) 
one flew over a cuckoos nest 
i just don't know what to do anymore .... 
peaceful serenity :D 
reason , season , or lifetime im not sure , but ill miss you no matter what <3 
i had an amazing weekend with amazing ppl . finally happened ! walked 16 < PROPMALE > with the girls and went dancing all night with amazing friends . horse races and winnings . it was epic . feeling good :) 
old memories of summer nights fill my head and i can't help but smile . czech it out : i met a dog named adolf yesterday . do you wanna know why his name was adolf ?... his owner's uncle was named adolf . the things you learn .... 
i had the best time yesterday . summer ! my friends help make me who i am . the lake and camping made for a perfect night/morning . so many memories shared ( oohhh how we have all changed ) and so many memories made . i wouldn't change it for the world . and for a couple of hours ... time stood still <3 
ME : \you're the pea to my pod\ " HER : \ " you're the ball to my sac\ " <---- now that is true friendship <3 " 
so ... some things have changed since then .... i just thought i would let you know : i'm happy now . :D thanks for being there for me . 
take me as i am 
i <3 the world cup ! 
fml ! i burned my back again . on the plus side : it's finally numb 
old market <3 
kansas city ... meeting some interesting people . but im excited , things are looking nice . i love watching rainbows ! 
if anyone has a grandma from new york , tell her : thank you for the warm wishes and suprisingly caring call , but my name ISNT < PROPFEMALE > and i dont know you .... but thank you ! it brought a smile to my face . <3 
im tired of fighting . so lets just let it be for once . 
man , tonight was ... awkward . u owe me big ! dont think ill forget it . thank you < PROPFIRST > , u were my saving grace !!!! 
i want tacos . ...... STAT ! 
hates being the shortest in her family :( \ 
< PROPFEMALE > you need to stop growin now . < PROPFIRST > city was fun . parade , rides and all . \ 
100 years and still producing . lol 
mwhahahaha shaving cream fights are the best ! it was totally worth it :D 
mambo ! 
im ready now . 
hm hm hm , how to sift through all of the bs ?... 
after today i think i could survive a bear attack , or at the very least , keeep a straight face while 20 theatre kids try to make me crack a smile . i had an amazing day ! had a hear t-t o-heart , but now im really scared . :D dounuts tomarro !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
tete har !!! <3 
had an amazing weekend with friends :) 
ihurt . 
i love when we have these convos . thanks ! :D 
i just cant do this anymore . screw it . please , somebody save me .. 
< PROPFIRST > cash 
i cant wait ! :) 
live from the heart and love life . 
i guess i need to learn not to expect so much out of people anymore . 
i like it on the counter . 
< PROPFEMALE > 
sugarholics anonymous . just tell me when and where to sign up 
not in a happy mood right now ... 
had an amazing night with my girls < PROPFIRST > Cobb and Desi Doodle ! i love bashing and shopping . yay girl time :) 
the future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams ... 
i miss you . im so sorry . 
so i spemt my afternnon discussing how pants stay up ..... still confused . < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > 
on a charter bus ... in the dark .......... with only ONE light on !!!!! 
had the most amazing day/night yesterday . just can't stop thinking about it ... :) 
... gr ! 
just another sleepless night 
love my conversations with < PROPFIRST > Edwards ! 
the most epic ideas come at this time of night ! gigglepuffs for life <3 
feels really accomplished and just plain dandy . 
hiding with best friend < PROPFIRST > schwimmer and miss < PROPFIRST > cobb ! we be creeping on the theatre :) . u shall never find us gibby !!!!! mwahahahaha ! 
' if i can stop one heart from breaking , i shall not live in vain . ' < PROPFEMALE > dickinson 
are you fornicating serious !?! lol with < PROPMALE > Benes 
forget you 
had an amazing day . can't get the number five off of my mind ... 
calling all space cadets . calling all space cadets . 
... feeling a little icky 
... yea .. about that . loves that her entire hand got slammed into a car door today . 
bitter aftertaste 
stay < PROPFEMALE > ponyboy , stay < PROPFEMALE > . 
Once again I'm left here waiting , wishing , and hoping . You would think I would have learned my lesson , but I guess not . Oh well , I suppose i'll muddle through this last on my own and make the change next time so it doesn't have to be like this again . I will make a better tomarro , for me . 
if i could do any better , you would know by now 
i had so much fun the past few days . got to spend time with some great people . saw a couple of alligators , got entirely soaked on more than one occasion , waited in rediculously long lines , performed twice on disney stages , sang , danced , and rawred my heart out on the jurassic park ride ... and a couple of other rides too :) 
good luck to < PROPFEMALE > fuxa and all of the northstar speechers cometeing at state speech today !!!! 
wardrobe malfunctions make for an interesting day :) 
congrats to < PROPFIRST > city and north < PROPFEMALE > ! Job well done today . I love my little fuxa . 
