yesh ... BRING ! ME ! THE ! HORIZON ! 

is looking for a freind to take to lifelight 
am bored out of my mind 
looking for bassist interested in christian rock , within driving distance of milbank 
so bored 
is goin to omaha this weekend 
< PROPFIRST > Grorud needs a girlfriend 
is watching Vantage Point 
anyone know who < PROPFEMALE > Brown is ????? 
is watchin Step Brothers 
< PROPFIRST > grorud wants to get laid 
is sooooooooooo tired 
is leaving for omaha tomorrow morning 
just left for Omaha 
does anyone have a distortion footswitch or pedal or somethin that they are willin to sell 
is home sick ; lol 
is so pumped for Lifelight . If anyone wants to go on Sunday send me a message 
In Christ alone my hope is found He is my light my strenght my song 
Lifelight this weekend , so pumped 
My chains are gone , I've been set free My God my Savior has ransomed me And like a flood , His mercy reigns Unending love , AMAZING GRACE 
Rocked out on my guitar tonigh ... yeah ... 
watchin The Really Real Show 
But < PROPFIRST > , that kills people !!!! 
Caaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaarl 
See You At The Pole Wed . morning , 7:30 am at the high school flagpole 
so bored , my drumset is locked in the church ... so sad 
so i was told im crazy ... lol 
... so today has been really wierd ... lol 
so ... want help writing a cool song , if anyone's got anything to offer ... 
this paradise we see as love will fall ... fall ... fall 
has to work tomorrow morning 
... bored ... goin to bed 
... i wish i could go to zombieland ... like really wish 
Twins Win Twins Win Twins Win Twins Win Twins Win Twins Win 
watching a special on the Antichrist 
plz take my quiz 
Bring Me The Horizon ... is AMAZING !!!!!!!!! 
Go Yanks for once ... 
so ... just got home after having surgery wednesday morning in H20town 
pumped for the game tomorrow ... and kinda in pain right now 
so love ! ESCAPE THE FATE ! 
watchin Penn State and Mich St. 
is ready to play NCAA Football 09 
check that , talkin my drumset up to the church 
so , Paranormal Activity was an amazing movie ... but still scared 
gonna play Xbox 
excited about my new keyboard that i bought yesterday 
watchin Angels and Demons 
Let's Go Nebraska 
OMG ... such a great game Texas 13 Nebraska 12 
I had the most amazing ribs and hot wings tonight 
Just shouting out ... anyone around my area ( milbank ) into the heavier genres of music ( core music ... ) and interestin in playin some time send me a message ... or if u r friends with Zach Spanton send him a shout as well ... thanks !!!!!! 
! ALEXISONFIRE ! 
is not EMO !!!! gawd 
!!! SILVERSTEIN !!! 
if can't handle EMO then fuck off ... gawd !!! 
! \and all the times you promised me that everything would work out in the end ... YOU WERE GRAVELY MISTAKEN \"!" 
take that Saints ... go BUCS 
2 concert updates ... After The Burial w/ As I Lay Dying @The Venue in Fargo(Feb 14 ) .... Vel of < PROPFEMALE > w/ Whitechapel @Station 4 in St. Paul(March 1 ) ...... let me know guys 
my screams are sounding better every day ! 
I would really like to be 21 right now ... for more reasons than just the obvious 
Isn't remotely tired and yet still laying in bed ... hmm 
g 
kinda wishing i had my guitar 
so Target Field is pretty sick ... I enjoyed my Wild Rice Soup 
greatest day of my life ... a < PROPFIRST > stuck in the mud in Green Swamp Monster Land , a mud fight , and the greatest bunch of friends i could ever want ! Thanx , I Love U Guys :) 
GAME NIGHT ant CUMC tonight 
Laying in bed so bored but not tired at all 
to all u doubters out there ... ya'll aint ready for what i'm about to become !!!!! 
is on a musical hotstreak ; gonna have a couple songs finished soon !! Yayyy !! 
is kinda tired for some reason 
so i guess baseball has new meaning now ??? 
is headin to MANDAN , ND on firday ... lookin for a good time with any of my old classmates that I haven't seen for frickn ever !!!! mssg me fo sho ! PARTY TIME HUH !! 
so pumped for LTC this year !!!!!!!!! 
realized his love life is shooting downwards fast ; please catch me , anyone ... 
misses camp < PROPFEMALE > much already , and all the amazing people there ! God bless . 
is inspired to write a song about my camp experience at LTC this year . so those of u that i connected with , expect to be mentioned ! :) 
is taking donations for a new drum < PROPFEMALE > ... plz 
yup ... love life is fallin again , hmm ... 
wants to believe that he's not in love , but i just don't think i can say that it's true , I am , I truly see love now 
LOVE , LOVE , LOVE 
is anticipating a very good time at LIFELIGHT FESTIVAL this year ... 
hmm ... music ? 
school ... really ? ok then 
YAY !!! Finished my last song ... now i gotta figure out what to do with 11 songs that nobody wants to hear ... 
today will be a great day ... for multiple reasons ! 
THESE HEARTS ... nothin else is important in this world !!! 
is still taking donations for a new custom drum < PROPFEMALE > ... 
today is thee most boring day in recent memory ... 
LIKE THIS STATUS IF U ABSOLUTELY 100% HATE ME , SETH PHILLIPS , WITH EVERY ONCE OF YOUR BEING 
so my phone contract has expired , and it may be a while before I am blessed with a new phone ... 
baseball camp was intense ... 
I LOVE BASEBALL !!! 
enjoyed a wonderful makeover this afternoon ... 
dissapointed that we didn't much of a rave at the dance last night ... :( 
WOW !!! 
ABANDON ALL SHIPS ! 
CONFUSION ! 
believe in Jesus Christ !!! One facebooker has challenged all believers \ 
to put this on their wall ..... In the Bible it says , if you deny me in \ 
front of your peers , I will deny you in front of my Father , at The Gates\ 
of Heaven . This is a simple test . If you love God and you are not \ 
... afraid ... to show it , repost this . 
if you think I'm cute , like this status . If you love me put a ?. If I'm\ 
your friend put a :) . If you miss me put a :/ . If you ever had a crush\ 
on me put an xD . If you're brave enough , re-post this as your status 
just wrote what may very well be the heviest riff i have ever heard 
< PROPFEMALE > O'Hara 
blessthefall 
Alessia Caro 
\I Hear < PROPFEMALE > Singing \"" 
Phineas and Ferb ! 
Sleeping With Sirens 
Tampa Bay Buccaneers ... 7-3 ... yup ! 
ok ... so if your my friend on fb and do know me at all , like or comment on this please ... just curious ! 
hahahahahahahaha 
ok ... so if your my friend on fb and don't know me at all , like or comment on this please ... just curious ! 
finds himself in a very good mood at the moment :) \ 
\ 
I sent you a smiley ! Want to see it ? http://www.facebook.com/apps/application.php?id=116318625062183&v=app_4949752878&partner=ZNzfb008_ZRxdm479YYUS 
Jw ... is anyone able to scream really(or even decently ) well ; speaking in terms of hardcore music ????? 
TDWP ! TDWP ! TDWP ! TDWP ! TDWP ! ... THE DEVIL WEARS PRADA !!!!!! 
last night = greatest show of my life 
In desperate need of a hardcore drummer 
there is one , only one , person on this earth that I hate ... butthat's just because I hate that person so much that I have none left for anyone else 
Heyy ... if any gets a < PROPMALE > check out our new band < PROPFEMALE > WE FALL TOGETHER ... it would mean alot 
I encourage everyone to check out the band NameSake , because they seriously bring it 
I hope everyone got a < PROPMALE > to check out our band < PROPFEMALE > ... We Fall Together ... thanks for the supports , guys :) 
listening to the band DONT MISS OUT rite now ! AMAZING ! 
is gonna be super bored this week , so call me up , or just show up at my house , that works too ... 
the band NameSake is the bees knees ! 
A Skylit Drive is the only band or artist that i truly love everything that they do ... listening to them makes me feel something inside that i never feel with anything else 
new song up on We Fall Together's < PROPFEMALE > ... make sure to check it out and give some feedback 
make sure to check out We Fall Together's < PROPFEMALE > ... new rough cut song posted 
I admit . I am completely crazy ! :-) 
is it even worth it ... 
You mustn't open your mind to what you believe\ 
Please tell me that this is for real\ 
Won't you shine your light on me ? \ 
Don't say that you want me\ 
I just might say someday\ 
I could be better off in your mind 
check out my band's page ... We Fall Together 
hold on ... I have to shake my pigs 
A Skylit Drive's new album \Identity On Fire\ " is coming out Feb . 15 ... i am extremely excited " 
American Pie Presents : The Book Of Love ... 
anyone interested in buying a Xbox 360 and some games ... 
Girls confuse me ... but that's what makes it fun i guess 
my band We Fall Together just released the track listing for our upcoming debut EP \Letters And Their Meaning\ " ... kinda excited " 
We Fall Together 
everyone go to We Fall Together , my band's < PROPFEMALE > and click ' Like ' .... pleaze !!!! 
Check out my band We Fall Together ! Also if you could recommend us to at least 5 of your friends , it would be greatly appreciated ! We need all the likes we can get . 
We Fall Together , The Broken Resolve , and Azela ... check them out 
BIEBER FEVER ! 
So i just realized that as of now i have no singing voice whatsoever , and very little voice with which to speak ... :( 
Check out the < PROPFEMALE > for my band We Fall Together and tell all your friends ... we are working on our first demo , so make sure you keep tuned in for more news about that , thanx guys ! 
\There's just so much to be said\ 
so i'm thinking about doing some drume covers ... what do u want to see ? 
2g !!!!! 
Everyone , go vote for my friend < PROPFIRST > Himley in the Help Me , < PROPFIRST > Himley , win McNally Smith's Express Your Talent Competiton !! 
From The Eyes OF Servants ! check em out ! 
just to let you all know , we are going to be having some fundraisers in the near future to help ease the cost of putting on the From The Eyes Of Servants concert in March ... all help is appreciated ! 
Yesss ... We Fall Together gets to play a show with The Suit ... kinda pumped for that ! check it out ! The Suit in Hartford SD ! 
Come check out my band We Fall Together playin with The Suit in Hartford on March 25 ... The Suit in Hartford SD ! 
We Fall Together ! check out the new show dates !... From The Eyes Of Servants w/ Azela , We Fall Together and more and The Suit in Hartford SD !... also we are always lookin for more shows so add me as a friend or post on our wall if your interested ! 
Attack Attack ! 
Talk to me or any other members of We Fall Together for presale tickets for From The Eyes Of Servants w/ Azela , We Fall Together and more show ! 
\IDENTITY ON FIRE \"" 
YAY ! NEW GUITAR EQUIP ON ITS WAY !!!!!!!!! 
Ok thats it ... im fuckin done ... fuck life ... fuck god ... fuck all of u !!!! 
Yay !!!! 00g ... 
I frckn love my new amp !!!!!!! 
Misery Signals !!!!! 
K i don't like drama myself , and I'm sure im gonna catch hell for posting this , however I don't wanna feel like a complainer when I say this ... I frckn hate people that spread BS rumors , and it ruins relationships because of it , I and would really appreciate if it stopped completly , but as I know that won't happen , just please don't spread any more about me ! Thanx ! 
< PROPFIRST > LOPEZ !!!!!! 
My post-hardcore band is looking for a new lead singer ... if anyone is interested or knows anyone who would be interested , please let me know !! 
So if you want some great music check out the band Versus the Ocean 
My band We Fall Together is still looking for a new singer !!!! Please put me in contact with anyone you know that may be interested ! 
LOVE !!!!!!!! 
A City Serene ! Check em out ! 
Just in case no one else noticed : Milbank , SD sucks ! 
The band that i play in , We Fall Together , is still looking for a lead singer to replace our old singer ... if anyone is interested PLEASE let me know or post something on our band < PROPFEMALE > ! Thanks ! 
Ok ! Who is a decent singer ? PLEASE :( 
< PROPFIRST > and the Chocolate Factory ! 
< PROPFEMALE > !!!!!!! 
I am happy to say that my bracket still isn't over ! so HAHAHAHAHAHA ! 
Ghostbusters ! great movie ! 
\LEAVE < PROPFEMALE > BLACK ALONE \"" 
For the next few minutes I will be praying to God on behalf of the Michigan basketball team ! 
anyone wanna go see INSIDIOUS with me tonite ? 
who wants to go see INSIDIOUS tomorrow night ? 
\Lets Cheers To This \"" 
