FML !!! 

where is all my fam ? 
i wonder what this day will bring ? 
giving up on mankind 
where is my son < PROPFIRST > ? 
found my son .... very sorry i did 
be gone soon so if anyone has a comment get it in while u can ! i ' 
i'm off this 
omg my dog of 16 years is failing i can't deal with this shit 
such a state of disorder ....... pretty bad when a young man is shot to death over a cigarette ..... a friend of my sons horrible city omg 
friday the 13th uh-oh could be trouble lurking 
friday night and i am spending it with my granddaughter i am so happy to have her ! 
grandchild #4 on the way 
spending the night with my grandaughter so happy thank you lord for all the gifts you have given me 
to all the mothers out there that just dump their kids with other people should be ashamed of themselves ! just saying 
to my family : < PROPFEMALE > just put a < PROPFEMALE > up today just wanted to let u all know 
so sad today my < PROPFEMALE > of 17 years is dying the heat is killing her had to give her mouth to nose last night to bring her back am i being fair to her ? 
getting ready to get my beautiful granddaughter for the night so happy she takes all my worries away 
what a terrible city ... gotta get out of here 2 men shot dead in their apartment yesterday both of them friends of both of my sons 
another day ..... wonder what this one will bring 
thank you god for all the good things in life that come free 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to my < PROPFEMALE > she is 3 years old today !! 
thank god last time at the vets 2 times a day for 3 days ... very painful injections 2 at a time an an i.v. it was worth it my puppy is doing so good ! 
got my beautiful granddaughter for the night this is my good time 
happy birthday to my son < PROPFIRST > my first born 25 today 
making roast beef wuth oven-brown potatos ... to bad i'm a vegeterian !! 
what a lousy do nothing day gotta get outa this rut 
feel so lousy .... don't know what is wrong bad stomach ache head and chest hurt OY 
this is why i don't have friends ..... people say that they are your friend and will be there for u . only to find out that if u don't have something they want then they are to busy for u 
tomorrow at 12 my faithful friend of 17 years will be dead and gone ..... i cannot deal with this i need some strength 
< PROPFEMALE > VU I AM SO SORRY I LOVE YOU AND I HOPE AND PRAY THAT YOU ARE IN DOGGY HEAVEN YOUNG AND PAINLESS 
so very sad 
to everyone who has offered me a kind word through this hard time of mine i want to thank you do not feel like being online right now 
to my < PROPFEMALE > VU ...... I miss you so . for 17 years we have been inseperable . We have been through a lot together and neither one of us had it easy . You are my soul and without you I am lost . 
sorry everyone who i haven't gotten to game requests ...... just in a lousy frame of mind will get to them soon 
people are sooooooo stupid . you tell someone what not to do and they do it anyways and then they are mad at themselves for being SO STUPID and you know who you are 
If you have a dog who has made you laugh , brightened your life , silently accepted your tears without judgment , snuggled with you , has forgiven your faults and loved you anyway , make this your status . Dogs are a gift . Repost this if you have or have had an amazing dog ! 
Heavenly Father walk through my home and take away all myworries and any illnesses and please watch over and heal my family &\ 
friends in Jesus name , Amen . Prayer is so powerful . Stop what you're\ 
doing & set this to your status . Watch what He'll do ng !! 
DO NOT LOAD the Christmas tree app . It will crashyour computer . Geek squad says it's one of the WORST trojan virusesthere is and it is spreading quickly . PLEASE re-post and let yourfriends know 
Happy Thanksgiving to everyone ! wishing you all a wonderful full of food day ! 
i want to thank < PROPFIRST>'s mom and sister for doing such a beautiful job on the baby shower ... i really do appreciate it . and thank you so very much for everyone that attended . it means a lot 
anyone who sent requests i willsend them when i can i am not able to f/b won't let ne 
WHY are people so ignorant . I pay a lot ofmoney for internet and cable andi don't get it because people are splicing my line .... so i call cable to fix mine and i am the bad guy i'm sorry that i pay for it and can't get it because everyone else wants me to pay for theirs 
i thought there were 7 children in my family ...... only to find out there is only one and it is not me 
anyone with cityville requests i cannot accept them right now been having probs with f/b and my internet connection will get to them as soon as I can 
Here's a number that isn't a game --- 5825 . That's how many soldiers that have been killed in Iraq & Afghanistan protecting us . I'd like to see this posted on everyone's < PROPFEMALE > . Question is ..... who is thankful enough to post this . R.I.P all of our fallen HEROES 
HAPPY 21st < PROPFIRST > have a wonderful birthday love ya !!!! 
anyone who has a post about a girl who killed herself or a pregnant baby it is a virus and someone is hacking your status to do it 
Happy holidays to all may god bless you and keep you and your loved ones safe 
I will have a grandaughter sometime today i have benn waiting since 4 a.m. to hear something this is torture will repost when the baby is here 
alexsi berky socobasin born at 1:37 p.m. today 7 lbs 6 oz 20 and a half inches HEALTHY and BEAUTIFUL SOOOO HAPPY 
PLEASE put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who has been eaten by dragons . Dragons are nearly unstoppable and , in case you didn't know , they can breathe fire . 93% of people won't copy and paste this , because they have already been eaten by dragons . 6% of people are sitting in the shower armed with fire extinguishers & the remaining 1% are awesome and will repost this 
HAPPY NEW YEAR !!!! EVERYONE BE SAFE !! 
Please copy and paste to your status if u know someone or have been affected by someone who needs a foot up their ass . People who need a foot up their ass affect the lives of many . There is still no cure for someone who needs a foot up their ass , except for a foot up their ass , but we can raise awareness . 93% of people won't repost this-perhaps they need a foot up their ass 
bad virus everyone if u click on my first status u will get a whole lot more than u bargained for ! 
thank you everyone for the birthday wishes have had no internet for 2 days 
spending my b-day with my 2 grandaughters ... best present i could get 
been offline for 3 days thanks to comcast being idiots def gonna find another company 
FACEBOOK VIRUS : if u see an app to see how many people have viewed your profile DO NOT CLICK !!!!!! 
you know its cold when you look out the window and the creek that runs by is salt water and is frozen YIKES ! -24 here with the wind chill 
TO : My beautiful precious new granddaughter Alexsi ... < PROPFEMALE > loves you so much you are so beautiful and perfect !! 
getting my beautiful granddaughter < PROPFEMALE > later on ... so happy love her so much it will be a good day for me !! 
oh were or were did my daughter go ... 
< PROPFEMALE > where are you ???? u worry your mother ! 
happy birthday < PROPFEMALE > i have known u for about 40 years WOW ! we aren't getting older just better !!! 
if anyone knows where < PROPFEMALE > is please let me know i am worried < PROPMALE > 
oh where oh where is my daughter now ???? 
my grandaughter says that auntie and < PROPFEMALE > bought beers but don't call the cops < PROPFEMALE > they gave me apple juice lmao 
spending time with my beautiful < PROPFEMALE > i love her so much ! 
waiting for < PROPFEMALE > can't wait to see her miss that little girl after one day 
got my baby girl again !!! she makes me so happy i am so lucky to have such a beautiful granddaughter ! 
shoutout to chey where the hell are you now ???? 
if anyone knows where < PROPFEMALE > is could they please tell her to call me < PROPMALE > 
just made homemade chicken noodle soup with carotts , celery , potatos yummy except i don't eat meat 
can all my grown children PLEASE leave me alone I am poor and on disability i cannot shit it out ! 
I saw one of my son's friends today he stopped by to say hi . i have not seen him in several years . he was in iraq and was shot 6 times and left for dead . he also substained injuries from schrapnel including a piece of his friend's head embedded in his . omg PLEASE everyone say a prayer for our soldiers . They are literally giving their lives for our country 
Please everyone **** Pay close attention to this one . This one sadly is NOT A HOAX . ATTENTION ALL : IF YOU GET A REQUEST FROM ME OR ANY FRIEND TO CHECKOUT ' YOUTUBE ' AND IT LOOKS LIKE FACEBOOK DO NOT OPEN IT . IT IS A TROJAN WORM AND WILL INFECT AND SHUTDOWN YOUR COMPUTER AND TAKE ALL YOUR PERSONAL INFO . IT IS TRAVELING AROUND FACEBOOK RAPIDLY . YOUR FRIENDS DID NOT SEND IT ! THIS IS REAL . PLEASE COPY AND PASTE 
here we go again ... shoutout to chey can u at leat call me when u r gonna dissapear ??? 
so happy ..... got my baby girl < PROPFEMALE > , nothing can go wrong tonight ! 
how the hell do i mind my own business and i still get put in the middle of things !!!! 
will not answr anymore requests for anyone who does not answer mine other than that love u all ! 
is not answering requests for anyone who does not answer mine ..... so if u ignore mine i will ignore yours 
why is it in this country that everyone has religious freedom and if they feel like burning a bible that is their choice , but if you burn a KORAN it is national headlines ?... To all the obama supporters MAYBE IT IS BECAUSE OUR PREZ IS A MUSLIM God help us 
is on a roll 
and for all the people that don't believe it ... WHY would OUR president spend veterans day at a MOSQUE in turkey rather than going to arlington national cemetary like ALL our presidents have done over the years 
thinks that nobody read my status that read \will not answer anymore requests for people who do not answer mine other than that i love u all \"" 
if chey is on please get a hold of me 
