can't wait to get out 

operation repo is my new favorite show 
ahahhaahaha 
needs more work to do ... i dont feel busy enough ... 
leaves for BG tomorrow for registration 
wonders why ? 
knitting .... 
i'm hungry 
well leaving on saturday ... here i come BG 
hey people look for directions to my place in my notes 
going to class .... again .... 
waiting for my dad ... 
hey , i added my BG address ! everyone look it up and send me something ... 
made an accopmplishment yesterday .... i ate a whole meal using only chopsticks ... i usually get mad and use a fork ... or fingers ... 
well ive never seen a 30 member pep band out play 300 member marching band ... sorry falcons ... 
can't think of something interesting for his status ... 
coffee , coffee , coffee , coffee , coffee , coffee , coffee , coffee , coffee , coffee , coffee , coffee , coffee , coffee , coffee , coffee , coffee , coffee , coffee , coffee , coffee , coffee , coffee , coffee ...... :-) 
easy peasy lemon squeezy 
finds it interesting to listen to the economics of drug addiction ... especially when analyzing diminishig marginal utility behavior ... 
will be walking in the Toledo Memory Walk for the Alzeimer's Association and would like some donations !!!! If you would like to donate let him know asap ....! 
needs to work out ... :-( ... and he also needs Donatioins for the Memory Walk on Sep . 20th .... 
cut his hair off .... 
not really sick any more !!!!! 
would like to see a movie .... 
home for the weekend 
will be at the Invitational !!!! 
that was rough .... 
' s first concert is tonight ... 
95 on my Food and Nutrition exam !!!! well with the ten point curve ...!!!! 
and < PROPFIRST > Cutright in just watced downloaded versions of \The Last House on the Left\ " ( 2009 and 1972 ) only to find out that it ( 2009 ) was badly bootlegged with a baby crying in the background the whole time and some man's heavy breathing ... a phone vibrated three times along with a woman's conversation ... it was a very good movie ... " 
Then we watched the older one thinking it wouldn't be as gory ... we were wrong ... as in 70's fashion , it was bad acting mixed with semi-porn ... ( most of the actors were of the \industry \") ..... overall the last 10 minutes were vengeful and grotesque .... score ? " 
why is farmville addicting ... 
is home from < PROPMALE >...;-) 
is not a fan of fire evacs . at 3am .... 
what a nice rainy day .... in BG 
made a new friend with drunken mike .... gotta love halloween ... 
, < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPFIRST > had an interesting evening ... 
!! Thanks everybody ! college is good for me < PROPFIRST > , you ? and < PROPFEMALE > , i love BG ! 
thanks guys !!!! and gals !!!!! i've had an awsome B-day 
has 54 songs to learn for band ... 
learned that , according to statisticians , \Friends don't let friend use Excel . \ " today in STATS .... " 
is actually thankful he did not say a bad word during the accident .... 
is going to write a wonderful book review highlighting the great Igor Stravinsky !!! 
has another concert today ... playng Sundance , Chorale and Shakerdance , and On a Hymn Song for < PROPFIRST > Bliss ... 
wants stuffing .... 
is mad beyond mad .... never saw the missed call on a job interview .... apparently someone else has been selected ... 
no place like BG 
dislikes Econ 2020 
is excited that he gets to give a presentation about Stravinsky next week ... 
wonders what it would be like to go back to the original facebook ... 
found out that his econ 2020 final is comprehensive !!!! crap ... 
just finished ECON 2020 ...... finally 
wants to delete his Farmville app ... this is a big decision and needs guidance ... 
was expecting all A's and a B(econ ) . however , had a dream last night that they were all A's ... decided to check ... somehow econ became an A ... don't ask me how .. i had a 75 average ...????? But i won't complain with a 4.0 ... 
is home from ky . and kinda misses BG .... 
realizes he can't be selfish ... 
finally deleted his farmville ...!!! 
likes the new microwave !!! 
These are the days we'll < PROPFEMALE > forever ... embrace them in your heart ... share love with others ... KC 
boring day ... 
starting my homework ..... 
is trying to find a productive way to spend his free time .... 
spent a good part of the day watching a showdown between a hawk and a squirrel . Hawk gave up and Squirrel ran like Hell ... 
hates being sick ... can't wait for NyQuil to kick in ... 
is tired of girls who sing the < PROPFEMALE > Spangled Banner badly at sporting events ... they need to realize that they should just sing the song ... they don't need to be like < PROPFIRST > , they don't need to make there own harmony ... Just sing the notes that were written decades ago ... 
wonders if the weekend can come any sooner ... 
is about to go < PROPFEMALE > out with his best friends < PROPFEMALE > Keller < PROPFIRST > Cutright and < PROPFIRST > Ewing !!! Yay ! 
is about to go to the Avalon Monclova Houses ... a cottage style nursing facility ... 
has nothing to do today ... maybe ... but he's going to the Manor at Perrysburg tomorrow for another tour ... he's excited for that ... kinda nerdy he knows but this his future .... 
needs to update his status ... 
can hold on to money for long ... 
wishes the dial would get rid of Theme Days ..... 
is enjoying the time he has left in Ky ... 
feels like he's been doing homework for the past two days ... and still not finished ... and missing all of the nice weather ... 
hates writing ... 
busy , busy , busy .... 
is very disappointed in the students involved with Partnerships for Success ... When did dedication , commitment , and duty lose importance ? Not to mention helping others ... Have we really become that egocentric and antithetical to the \go getting\ " attitude ? " 
can't wait to be in Bellbrook in two weeks ... 
in memory of < PROPMALE > D . Ratliff ... seven years 
has his last day of classes today ... then one more week and 2 finals ... 
is sorry for everyone who got this really weird wall post .... it is like facebook spam .... it goes out to like all your friends if you add the app ... BIG MISTAKE !!!!!!!!! 
I'll be home this time tomorrow !!! 
happy mommy day !!! 
is waiting to hear if he got the job at Speedway .... 
Great job Bellbrook Music Department !! 
is about to start another boring day alone ... :-/ 
had bad dreams ... like usual ... and now for a run around town ... 
is happy that one of his favorite book series is continuing with its 12th book !! 
wishes GOOD LUCK to < PROPFIRST > Ewing this morning !!! 
is tired ... had to clutch juggle in stop n ' go traffic north of Dayton on 75 ... 
mayday ... mayday ... I need a freezer ! My fridge has gone out and I need to save food !!!!! 
is making < PROPFEMALE > apple pies in the morning ... mmmm 
wishes he could sit and read all day ... oh wait ... he already does that ... 
almost hitting a deer going 70 mph on Carpenter Rd ... scary/funny - having a dude on a motorcycle ride up behind me ... annoying - seeing that dude on a motorcycle almost crash because he didn't see the dead raccoon in the middle of the road because he was riding up behind me .... PRICELESS !!! it was an interesting drive home tonight ... 
thought the mellos looked great yesterday !! and is excited for this week ! 
is counting down the days left of summer ... 
is ready for BG tomorrow ... really excited ! 
so much construction ... BG doesn't look like BG anymore ... 
has homework on the first day ... 
is off to anatomy and physiology ... 
hates all the construction around BG ... fences , gravel , and the horrible smell of the open sewage drains all around campus .... it is horrible 
had got to play with a pig heart today in anatomy ... lol ... well , observe its structures rather ... 
hates when his dreams turn out to be just like reality ... what a nightmare ... 
is trying to raise money for the Alzheimer's Association by walking in the annual Alzheimer's Walk in Toledo , and would like to send the word out to any of you would like to donate and help the cause for more research and development let me know !!!! 
is full of chinese ... 
has to create a Nutritional Education Lesson Plan for a target audience discussing a particular nutritional topic specific to the audience , while providing objectives , assessments , and educational aids . I need a group to educate ! I'm looking for adults 40-60 who would like to volunteer . 
is thankful for all of the Birthday wishes he received from all of his Friends and Family !!!! It means so much to me ! 
not much longer ... i need a break ... 
last day of class .... 
slept for way too long ... 
has to clean up my dog's vomit ... thank's Samps ... 
The greatest wealth is to live content with little , for there is never want where the mind is satisfied . ---- Lucretius 
keen intuition is both a gift and a curse ... 
Philosophy of death and dying cancelled to morrow , and no other classes as well ! That gives me 10 1/2 hours to write a paper , and read 3 articles ! woo hoo ..... lol 
had a great time with the residents of Bowling Green Manor making < PROPFIRST>'s Day crafts !! 
three exams this week was fun ... glad that it's over ... lol 
wishes he would have taken Social Policy and Programs this semester ... then I'd be able to take < PROPMALE > Writing in the Fall ... :-/ o well .... 
\It is strange to be known so universally and yet to be so lonely . \ " - < PROPFIRST > Einstein " 
glad to witness this day in history as BG closes for probably the 2nd time in 30 years .... hahaha 
sooo tired .... 
Office of Campus Activities makes me want to pull my hair out ! 
... quelle suprise ... lol 
NEEDS SOMEONE TO INTERVIEW FOR MY CLASS . any volunteers ? 
is excited to be leading the Reader's Cafe at the BG Senior Center , a contemporary book club , starting in September !!!! 
Studying for Interviewing and Observation final ... 
i need some coffee ... 
