wow , we lost again . nothin new though , lol . at least our band is pretty good ! 

Sweet dreams are made of these\ 
Who am I to disagree ? \ 
Traveled the world and the seven seas , \ 
Everybody's looking for something . \ 
Some of them want to use you , \ 
Some of them want to get used by you , \ 
Some of them want to abuse you , \ 
Some of them want to be abused . 
? ` *?.¸¸.?* ´ ? ` *?.¸¸.?* ´`* ?. ¸ ? \ 
? [ ??? H ?? ][ ??? A ?? ][ ??? P ?? ][ ??? P ?? ][ ??? Y ?? ] ? [ ??? N ?? ][ ??? E ?? ][ ??? W ?? ] ? [ ??? Y ?? ][ ??? E ?? ][ ??? A ?? ][ ??? R ?? ] ? \ 
? ` *?.¸¸.?* ´ ? ` *?.¸¸.?* ´` *?.¸?\" , 201 0-0 1-01 18:57:02 " 
what doesnt kill you only makes you stronger ... 
Had A Blast Today With Me New Bestie < PROPFEMALE > . ? 
ugh , once again no school . im missin my friends ! = c 
i am offically tired of this snow . 
i love snow , dont get me wrong , but i dont love it when it sepparates me from my friends . 
school tomorrow ! 
exams wernt so bad today , wonder how tomorrows is going to be . 
exams are finally over , i hope i did good on them 
had a total blast tonight with december , tyty , < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPFIRST > . hope that we can get together more often ! 
sleepy 
YEC tomorrow and saturday . really looking forward to it ! 
YEC was really fun and awsome . i hope to get to have a better relation ship with God now , i have re-committed my life . I am really happy and glad that I was invited . This event was filled with lots of excitement , i cant wait until next year !!! 
no school today , sometimes i'd rather be at school than bored to death . 
tomorrow is solo and ensamble , wish me luck peoples ! 
today is the big day . sorta nervous , but im sure i'll do great . Good luck to < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > to ! 
eh , i got a 3 . but i guess its okay . at least i didnt crash and burn completely ! < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > did a really good job to ! we all did good and had a great time ! 
omg mr. < PROPMALE > jr , i have sooo much blackmail on you now its ridiculus ! lol well it sure does explain alot though . your so freakin helarious ! 
great , just what i needed . i can tell todays gonna be horrible . first i get woke up at 5am and now i can go to sleep . then i stub my toe on the bathroom door . then i sit down here and i hit my finger off the computer desk . whats next ? 
no school 
really disliking the stupid snow . it has long overstayed its welcome 
wow , this is the most snow that ive ever seen in my life . 
i love to shovel snow ! its sad though when people wanna pay me for someting that i enjoy doing . 
if you are driving on the roads today please be careful . black ice is everywhere . 
hating this stupid weather . im havingfun with < PROPFEMALE > , but we cant get ahold of anybody in < PROPFIRST > . gettin kinda worried . i hope it goes away soon . = c 
once again me and < PROPFEMALE > are stuck in the house . hopefully the electricity in < PROPFIRST > comes back on by tonight or tomorrow morning . i really wanna go to that < PROPFIRST > dinner with the friends . 
chillin here with < PROPFEMALE > . hopefully i can go back to her house so we all can still < PROPFEMALE > out so that im not bored as heck here . 
sittin here at home missing the friends , even though its only been like a day . haha lol . im < PROPFEMALE > bored and sleepy , couldnt sleep last night for some reason . 
sittin here being bored as ever . oh well , ive gots plenty of snow shoveling to do later to keep me occupied . call me if u wanna chat 
its stupid that we go to school for only half a day , and then we have the weekend . and more that likely if the storm hits us on monday we wont have school half of next week either . 
gonna be in < PROPFEMALE > much trouble 2day . = c 
i have a feeling that todays gonna be one of my worst days ever . i cant believe i missed school = c 
bored outta my mind 
sittin here at home being bored , im hopeing that i can go to rachaels today . i really want too so i can < PROPFEMALE > out with the friends 
bored . just bored 
great , the one day when kids actually want school , its closed . now we wont have the archery tournament tomorrow . = c 
archery is still going on tomorrow thank goodness . i cant take another day sitting at this house alone ! im gonna end up going insane 
well i guess there is no archery afterall . well i know what ima gonna be doing today . probably a whole lotta nothing , hopefully going to rachaels later though . 
bored . cant wait for church tomorrow ! i can finally get outta the house and be with the friends ! 
i < PROPFEMALE > a feeling todays gonna be a great day . ^-^ 
my cat is about to have kittens again . if anybody would like one or a few message me , they are free and will be absolutely adorable ! if i cant find a home for them i might have to take them to the animal shelter , where they will probably get put to sleep and not have a < PROPMALE > in life . so if you would like to save a < PROPFEMALE > message me . thank you ! 
church today then im off to rachaels , cant wait to get outta the house again ! 
today was awsome ! 
come one come all to the < PROPFIRST > Baptist Church Revival service tonight through wednesdy at 6pm-8pm . it is loads of fun and there is an awsome preacher who can make tears come to your eyes and make you think until your brain hurts . It is awsome , bring all your friends and family , you wont regret it ! 
For those who missed last nights revival service you missed out on a delicious spaghetti dinner , an awsome band performance , and a heart warming service . Bring yourself , your friends , family and kids , you wont regret a thing . It is loads of fun and can be very rewarding if you are struggling with your relationship with God . The time is from 6pm-8(ish)pm . Come on down , all are welcome !! 
come one come all to the < PROPFIRST > Baptist Church Revival service on wednesday , it is the last day and it lasts from 6pm-8pm . it is loads of fun and there is an awsome preacher from texas who can make tears come to your eyes and make you think until your brain hurts . It is awsome , bring all your friends and family , you wont regret it ! 
come one come all to the < PROPFIRST > Baptist Church Revival service tonight , it is the last day and it lasts from 6pm-8pm . it is loads of fun and there is an awsome preacher from texas who can make tears come to your eyes and make you think until your brain hurts . It is a true blessing , bring all your friends and family , you wont regret it ! 
i have a feeling that tomorrow is going to be interesting 
Happy Birthday to me ^-^ 
thanks everybody , i hade an awsome birthday today . and at archery i had a little surprise cake lol . i have the greatest friends that god can offer . love you all ! 
YMCA unilt midnight , then up again at 5am for archery . 
gots about 2 or 3 hours of sleep and now im off to another archery tournament down at Cabell . Last night/thismorning was awsome at the YMCA !!! 
dont know what to do today 
Eventually everybodys heart is gonna be broken , its just up to you to choose who's worth it . 
arechery tomorrow , then who knows what . 
archery down at charleston today , wish us luck ! 
The past may hurt , but you can either run from it ... Or learn from it , the choice is up to you . 
im going to go to sleep now , i hope i feel betterin the morning . good night evrybody 
Saturdays gonna be awsome . i get to < PROPFEMALE > out with the most awsomest person in the world , meet his sister , and chill with all of them ^-^ 
today is gonna be great i hope . i get to go on my first date , meet his parents and his older sister , then go to the movies . i am so happy and excited that i get to see him today ^-^ but im also a lil bit nervous 
i had the best time ever tonight hanging with the best boyfriend in the world and his awsome sister . 
Love is a promise , Love is a souvenir , Once given never forgotten , Never let it disappear . 
yay !!! i can play 3 songs so far on the clarinet , lol it aint as hard as i though . 
Feeling much better than before , i am actaully happy right now because i know that in time we will be re-united , no matter what ! I love you mom ! 
not sure what to do anymore 
today was completely great ! the band marched down to the elementary and we played for the lil peoples , it was very fun . 
the concert today went well , got a lil bit of a headache though now , oh well it was fun . i even got an award for the most improved in the senior high , cant wait til tomorrow 
so tired Oh so sleepy for some reason . im going to sleep and hope that im awake for my Middle College interview tomorrow . grr what must i be so sleepy ..... buenos noches . 
4 days of school left !!! 
taking life one day at a time , not rushing or wishing it away , just playing it as it goes . and waiting for the next move to be played , and wondering when it will be played ... 
I like being who i am , a mysterious , careful , and kind person . Nothings going to change that , ever ! No matter what event goes on the the futute , i am always going to be who i always will be , and that myfrieds , is just plain old mysterious me . 
You were my first , but not my last . Life is about change , is a long path that has its ups and downs , and eventually there will be heartbreaks , but its all just part of life . like the old saying goes , There are more than 1 fish in the sea , and in the future you may just catch that fish again . im srry < PROPMALE > . 
gonna miss all my senior pals ! congrats on making it through school though and best wishes for your future :) 
just finished working out , now just gotta do the lumber and yard work . then nap time lol 
So bored today , i really need something to do or else im going to go insane , well not saying that im already not , but still lol i needa take a break from all this work and have some fun ! 
YAY off to the mall with Drewann < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > ! when i return home its back off to work though , at least im getting a lil break :P 
yard sale early in the morning til about 2ish , mabey even 3 . then of course more yard work ... grr :P 
only a few days left til kennywood !! 
didnt do much today , painted a lil . now im tired though from being at cousins , gots a bit ofa headache . got my 4th hole in my ears too , yay lol . work tomorrow , then gots myself a 4day weekend 
yay 4 day weekend ! thing is though aint got nothin planned ... well that i know of lol . cant wait til thursday , first paycheck ! yay ^-^ 
even on my days off i have to paint ... grrr i cant get away from it ,,, its a stalker ! 
? I like being who i am , a mysterious , careful , and kind person . Nothings going to change that , ever ! i am always going to be who i always will be , and that my friends is plain old mysterious me ? 
mowing later in < PROPFIRST > , but for now just chillin . really needs something to do between now and about 5 
l wow i just woke up , here at rachaels 
cookout again today at 2 , bored til then and afterwards . back to work tomorrow ... 
work early in the a.m. gettin my permit hopfully tomorrow , then back home to sleep and work the next day ... busy busy busy 
well here comes another day of painting ... hm i wonder what color my cloths will be today , hopfully it stays outta my hair , that crap hurts gettin out ... i still have some pain in my hair from the first week lol .. ouch 
YAY !!! AHA ! I FINALLY PASSED THAT DARN TEST AFTER TAKING IT ONLY 2 TIMES ! AHA ! I MISSED 3 QUESTIONS ,,, I GOT MY DRIVING PERMIT !!! AHA YES !!!! 
tomorrow is the first payday , cant wait ... but we're gonna be out in the heat all day though , then friday off to the family in ohio's for the weekend 
first pay today , and i just learned how the dang government takes away lots of money for yor taxes even if you're under 18 ... grr 
anyone wanting 4 bantam hens and 1 < PROPMALE > ( domino neat lookin thing ) rooster all for free ? we needa get rid of them quick , please call me and if you dont live to far away we deliver for free . my number is 304-845-4375 , or just send me an e-mail , thanks ^-^ 
i drove for 2 hours this weekend lol and not a singe wreck ^-^ 
if you're gonna have up paint somethin white tell us before we put freakin lots of coats of brown on the damn wall , make up your mind grr >-< 
adoption today , then out to eat for breakfast , then come back to the house and do work all day basically . 2nd paycheck next week , yay . im gettin me a netbook ^-^ 
gonna die my hair again probably tonight . still debating the color , probably a dark shade of brown or a redish orange color . not sure ... 
well got adopted today , dying my hair burghendy , and got my < PROPFIRST > legalized . yay lol ^-^ 
whats black and white black and white and black and white ... a penguin rolling down a hill ...... whats black and white and laughing .... the penguin that pushed him .. ^-^ 
really not liking my new hair color , need suggestions to get this either out of my hair or at least lightend . does bleach work ? please leave any cheap suggestions , thanks ^-^ 
i am never going to BK again ... thats all im going to say . bleh -_- 
i just dont feel to well , first of all i cant hear from my left ear , my allergies are going haywire , my tummybox hurts , and to top it all off im going to work with my burghendy hair ... =( 
i need help asap please ! i forgot my administrator password on my windows xp last month and i can not log into my computer . i tried all that F1 and F whatever number stuff and i cant get it into safe mode . any suggestions ? i really need into my computer =( 
wow , 1 more week of work , then 2 weeks of band , then kennywood , then skool . wow what a summer this has been :) :( ^-^ -_- 
payday tomorrow , then a well needed weekend break . 
grr so mad at the state for taking out even more taxes this times pay . grr didnt even get over 400 this time either , oh well i guess money is money and the state is a meany . time for a well needed weekend . 
gettin my computer back tomorrow hopefully , yay . then i can talk to the people who i want to late at night lol . night evryone 
yay got my own computer back in my room . ^-^ 
gettin ready to mow the yard 
so hot outside , just finished mowing , later mabey weedeating , depends how i feel . 
wow , i cant believe they're getting rid of OneManga.com . thats not cool at all = c 
Holy crap , if it wasnt for the phone i would still be sleeping , i never sleep in this late , gahh 
storming really bad , bad winds ... (<_>) 
last week of work , then 2 weeks of band camp , then kennywood for band , then off to middle college ^-^ yay\ 
, i just love how im never not busy ... not *-* 
home from work , might mow later , then bed . 
back hurts so bad i just cant bear it anymore , i hope i can sleep tonight .. ouchy :( 
:( last day of work tomorrow , Im really gonna miss being there talkin with the guys and hanging my crew :( 
not feelin to great , got a bit of a fever and a tummyache and a backache lol leave it to me . probably be at the fair tomorrow , not sure what time yet , i'll let ya know ^-^ 
fair mabey later this evening , might go to grandma's old house to get my own record player . not sure what else im getting into today 
going down the river today , might see pap or something , mabey go fishing . probably wont go to the fair now though , who knows . its getting complicated grr 
not going to the fair , thats a fact . freaking grr :( 
gettin sleepy , talkin to some awsome people then going to bed . off to the aunts tomorrow , fishing too i hope ^-^ 
didnt get to freaking sleep in this morning , going down to the aunts , im broke and he wants to go to Rinks , so far not in a very nice mood >_< 
just got home and outta the shower , had a long day . kinda sore , but really bored 
got a msn.com messenger thingy , add me . its Danesha_Lynn@hotmail.com 
just woke up , yay my last day of sleeping in for a while . gotta get that drum out today for tomorrow lol , then who know's what else i'll get myself into :P 
thats it , no more will i perform my own expieriments when it comes to cooking , i dont feel so well after this one , bleh :( 
Its freaking lovely how things work around this freaking house , it just freaking is . >_< :( 
well back is sore as hell once more , now ive gotta clean my room and i better be going cloths shopping tomorrow or else im going to be very upset with someone >_< grr 
another lovely day of band , hopefully evryone will be there today . then back home then shopping , then bed :P 
so freaking hot in this room , i need to invest in an AC . band tomorrow , then self defence class at the elementary , should be home by 7 lol . 
well lets see , band , then fight like a girl , then church , then i should be home a lil after 9 . dont you just love how busy i am , cause i sure dont . well then again i would rather be busy than not busy , then my schedule would be all outta wack -_- 
well i dont know about anyone else , but i had a pretty dang good day , well except for my back that actually brought me to tears , and a lil bit of merge ... but other than that i had an awsome day ! 
band today then doctor . 
well last day of indoor band practice , next week in the heat and rain to learn how to march . might go camping this weekend , well i mean we better go , i needa vacation so bad it isnt funny ... freaking grr 
tomorrow and sunday gonna be in the mountains and driving around it the southern part of wv . txt me but i make no promises on how soon or if i text back lol 304-238-6323 
well home from my dream home , i really wanna go back to the mountains . now gotta get ready for a week of band camp once more , then partyish at decembers on saturday ^-^ 
Our doubts are traitors , and make us lose the good we often might win , by fearing to attempt . 
band camp this week then decembers for party then kennywood for tuesday then middle college for thursday . wow i am never not busy , i guess it keeps me outta trouble ... mabey lol 
omg wow who knew that there could be so much drama on facebook , lol wow . 
well got a nice lil burn/tan line today . had a nice day at band camp , came home and weedeated . now im tired and sore . -_- 
well 2 more days of band camp , then tuesday is kennywood , then thursday is middle college . i think i should probably get my school shopping done soon lol :P 
one more day of band , then off to decembers house on saturday . had a blast at the mall tonight , cant wait til payday again ;) 
why cant i justbe 18 , many many things would be much more simpler . 
just changed the brakes on the < PROPFIRST > , off to decembers later then who knows whats gonna happen ^-^ yay 
off to kennywood later , be home late , then off to help at chs tomorrow . 
Oh , what is love ? But a word that draws a boundary between friend and mate , but why must this simple word have so much feeling in it that it confuses you on you think may be right is right and what is not . It draws you between many a people , but in the end you must choose only 1 
well i dont start school til next thursday so HA to everyone else lol , but i'll be at < PROPFIRST > high though helping out in the library and then band 2nd period . haha lol im lucky for once ^-^ 
well i start school thursday , though today at < PROPFIRST > high was kinda interesting lol i love the reactions on some of the peoples faces XD im gonna miss it there 
made sum nummy cookies , now i gotta walk away from them or else wont have nun lol :P 
omg i hope < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > can come out tonight , im so bored its not even funny anymore , well not that it was to begin with 
why can i not sleep right now grr oh well nothing new i guess ... its getting annoying now though . 
well gonna try to go back to sleeps . 
Just Another Day Of Bordum ... 
bed soon . 
yea , you wonder why im always in my room and why i get upset so easily . today is just not my day , what freaking luck i have . :( 
bed . school . bleh 
< PROPFIRST > , then back to the house ... i hope you're freaking happy now that you've made me my sis's and my mum upset , thats all im gonna say . = c 
church tomorrow , gonna < PROPFEMALE > with my lil sis yay ^-^ 
school bus at 6 30am , then dentist then football field for a pep rally . wow is my day gonna be busy . tonight was a blast , cant wait til next time , luvs u sis . 
well the first day was a blast , lets see how the 2nd one goes . so sleepy , ohh so sleepy . why cant the bus just be here like 7 40 , not 6 40 ... grr 
baking once more , really bored . school tomorrow . yay lol im < PROPFEMALE > bored 
omg why am i speaking spanish lol , i have a spanish song stuck in my head and now im randomly speaking it haha lol . Me encanta hablar español haha :P 
bored and lonesum . 
so bored , so sleepy , its just grr right now . gonna go back to bed before my mind starts to wonder off again ... 
well missed Ignite at the church :( now im just sittin here bored as can be freezing in this room . tomorrow is going to be a long day , this is my first time being so bored that im posting this question , but anyone wanna < PROPFEMALE > out tomorrow , like seriously im so bored that i'll probably end up sleeping all day tomorrow if i dont do something 
yay finally going to moms tomorrow . cant wait to see everyone again ? 
finishing up my nail , gonna straighten meh hair , then get ready to go to moms :) 
Had a blast with mom sisters and < PROPFIRST > , cant wait til wednesday hopefully ? 
Do i love u ? Yes ! Do i need u ? Duh : Do i trust u ? 24/7 . Do i wanna loose u ? Hell No ! Send it to 9 friends or BAD luck 
going to bed . wake up early . goodnight love ? 
band wayy to early this morning down at clarskburg , then home to sleep i hope ^-^ went shopping with < PROPFEMALE > last night , had fun :) 
well we scored 12pts tonight , better than the other 2 games . now im here bored , sunburnd , but relaxing and wating for some people to get online . not doing much tomorrow call me or e-mail me for some plans xD 
? going to moms tomorrow , might be with either one < PROPFIRST > or both of em lol , i hope both of them though ? 
going to mom's here in a few , cant wait to see him ? and gonna < PROPFEMALE > out with my lovely little sisters and my stept-daddy < PROPFIRST > 
had fun yesterday , glad evrything went well . cant wait til wednesday . ? 
luvs him so much ? cant wait til tomorrow 
loved today , it rocked . i love you so much ? i cant wait toso be with you again ? 
Had lots of fun today with mom , < PROPFEMALE > , bre , pj , < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPFIRST > . cant wait for tomorrow , missin him so much though ? i love you 
yesterday was just awsome , but lets hope that today will be great as well . 
you're the apple to my pie , your the straw to my < PROPFIRST > , your the smoke to my high . ? we're the perfect two ? 
yay gots my orange juice ^-^ 
another long day of school awaits me , but then i get to come to < PROPFIRST > and see my mom and my love i cant wait ? ily < PROPFIRST > 
i love him so much , had a nice day at school then had an awsome time before church . cant wait to be with you again babe , i love you ? 
today was great , was in a hot-wing eating contest , didnt place but it was hot lol . 
so sleepy for a change lol not . cant wait to hit the bed , then tomorrow is another football game , then back here for who knows what . P.S. ily < PROPFIRST > 
well we lost .. again . but it was fun anyway i guess . 2morrow gonna line in my guns then off to a family reunion i guess . i miss you so much baby ? ily 
yea uhm 8 o'clock is not my idea of sleeping in . freaking grr >-< 
tomorrow off to moms , i get to drive there for once yay . 
omg J.J. please be okay and please come home ... =( 
Thank God for the return of J.J. ? =) yay ! 
Today was wonderful with my family and < PROPFIRST > , cant wait til next weekend =) P.S. ily < PROPFIRST > ? 
Dont feel good , its too cold in this room and i gots a headache . freaking grr >.< 
oh my god i feel like shit . my head is throbing cause of how cold it was last night , i slept with my coat on , seriously . i think its time to break in my lil plug-in heater =( freaking grr 
cant wait til this weekend to see mom sis and steptdad . yay ? ily < PROPFIRST > 
Had an awsome time this weekend with mom , my man , my sisters and my steptdad . the sad part is that it had to end so quickly , i already miss you . ily < PROPFIRST > ? 
great i was hopeing that it wouldnt come to this , but it finally beat me . thanks to you , mister cold , i am now staying home from school , just going to lay around all day being sick , just wonderful . bleh grrr = c 
?? • ?? ???????? ?? • ????? • ?? ???????? ?? • ????? ???????? ?? • ?? 
well this just plain out sucks . wont be back in school til friday , at least i got my work anyway so i wont be that far behind . i really wish i could've seen you today babe , i miss you so much . ily < PROPFIRST > 
A 13 year old boy in Texas shot himself in the head because he was bullied and tormented for being gay . Today , I STAND UP TO THOSE BULLIES in his honor . If you care to STAND UP with me , please post this as your status . No one should ever have to be tortured or bullied for who they Are . 
going to bed . not feeling the greatest , at least i can talk better and taste lol , now if only my insides would cooperate and feel better . back to school friday then the weekend , goodnight all ., luvs you 
AHHHH-CHOO !!!........? (-???•?) ?.... Ifyou'reallergic to bullshit , drama queens , head games , liars , two-facedfake people , keep this sneeze going ......... I can't wait to see who posts this 
feeling much better today , cant wait for school tomorrow lol 
i dont know why but i really want to watch twilight right now ... weird . 
yay today makes one month . time flies , it really does . i love you so much babe ? ily < PROPFIRST > ? 
still so happy about today , i love you babe 1 month yay ? going to moms til tomorrow evening then sunday lining in my new gun . 
Had a great time this weekend with mom , the sisters , and < PROPFIRST > . Tomorrow off to line in my new gun then who knows what . ily < PROPFIRST > ? 
going to revival tonight at the church , then home to my lovely bed of which will be awaiting me . im sleepy . -_- havent seen the friends for a while tho so im going to church . 
church was just plain out awsome tonight , once again just like last year , i had tears at the end . i dont know how , but it gets to me . cant wait to see what happens tomorrow , really wish this cough would just go away , school then home . 
church was great once again , bad reck in front of my house , stuck in traffic for like ever . going to bed now goodnight evryone 
off to town , then back home for more work work work . missed the last night of church , but cant wait til next years . ? 
bed , school in the a.m. then home to who knows what . 
at the college , who knows what im doing when i get home . ? 
going over to Woody's to get our new boat , fishing tournament here i come :P 
TGIF !!!! football game tonight , hope we played like we did last game . then moms for the weekend , saturday baby shower yay :) then i get to take a walk down memory < PROPFIRST > at my old home grounds , get to visit my friends who i havent seen for like 4 years , then sunday i come back here to visit with my aunt , then who knows what . so get me at the cell . :) ily babe ? 
This weekend was great , went to the lovely baby shower , got to see < PROPFIRST > go to the dance , see my bff < PROPFEMALE > , and just had a blast in general . wish my love couldve been with us but it was still fun . i cant wait to see you babe , i love you ? 
so sleepy , going to bed . tomorrow no school for me , band practice instead . too bad i cant sleep in tho lol . goodnight evryone . ily babe ? 
so sleepy , going to bed now . night . ily babe ? 
Today was super fun , except for when i missed my ride to the college this morning . but tonight was great , spent time with my love , performed at the concert at JM . tomorrow church , then home . ily babe ? 
today was awsome , spent after school with my love , then church was cool . who knows what im doing tomorrow . probably another boring day bleh . going to bed now . goodnight . ily < PROPFIRST > ? 
wtf why cant i go to sleep . i am tired and drowzy , i just dont know i guess . i really want to go to sleep , im just thinking to much i guess . so goodnight facebook . lets try this agian .,. 
i need a < PROPMALE > nap ... chores , quick shower , then off to moms til tomorrow 
at moms til tomorrow , going to tabby's then who knows what . going to bed here soon , super sleepy . ily babe ? 
Had a blast with mom , bre , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , and my love . a lil bit of drama tward the end but overall this weekend has been awsome . we even broke a basketball net thingy haha lol ;P hope things work out for you < PROPFIRST > . ily babe ? 
< PROPFIRST > is staying tonight yay :) then school tomorrow . thursday and friday are halloween day at the college . might be on later who knows . ily babe so much i hope to see you tomorrow ? 
School today , ACT testing at JM tomorrow along with Halloween day so i'll be dressed up while taking the ACT haha lol this outta be great . 
so tired of history today , my tummy hurts from lunch , and my knee wont stop popping . what a lovely freaking day . might see my love after school , i hope to anyways . ily so much babe 
While you SCREAM at your woman , there's a man wishing he could whisper softly in her ear . While you HUMILIATE , OFFEND , & INSULT her , there's a man flirting with her , reminding her how beautiful she is . While you HURT your woman , there's a man wishing he could take away her pain . While you make your woman CRY , there's a man stealing her smiles . Re-post if you're against domestic violence . 
wow in North < PROPFEMALE > a tornado hit and flipped a trailer home completly over that had a mother and 5 kids in it , they all survived with only bruises . wow now is that luck or what 
? It is with you , that I escape the realities of my world . To a place where ... thoughts are deep , life has meaning , and love is eternal . ? I love you so much babe ? 
its been to long of a day , wish i could go to sleep . oh well im going to try again anyway . goodnight all . ily babe ? 
husband : yea me and my wife got in an argument thismorning . friend : really ? what happend ?. husband : she jumped on her menstrual cycle and ran my ass over . Oh and it even has a sound , it goes nag nag nag nag nag . friend : wow i feel your pain bro 
back from moms , helped bre clean up and rearrange the room . got some awsome pics and was looking through some old photo albums . overall i had a blast . tomorrow school , then hopefully < PROPFIRST>'s then church . ily so much babe ? 
my bed is calling me , good night all . had a blast today with evryone , i love you so much babe ? who would have known that time can fly so fast when you're with the one you love ? 
Finishing up some homework then off to bed . goodnight all , good luck dragons tomorrow night :) ily babe ? 
3 Years old : my mom is the best ! 7 years old : Mom I love you . 10 years old : Mom whatever ... 17 years old : OMG my mom is so annoying . 18 years old : I wanna leave this house . 35 years old : I wanna go back to my mom's house . 50 years old : I don't wanna lose my mom . 70 years old : I would ... give up EVERYTHING for my mom to be here with me . ......... Post this on your wall if you appreciate your mom 
football game then off to moms house for the weekend . i miss you babe and i love you so much , you mean the world to me ? Goo Dragons ! 
snow is really pretty outside , wish i could see him though . today gonna help bre clean her room , then who knows what . i miss and love you so much babe ? cant wait to be with you again ? 
2 months already today . i love you so much babe ? if not for you in my life i'd be lost , empty , alone . i cannot wait to be with you in your arms again ? 
did you no that if u shake your head and say gullible at the same time it sounds like your saying orange 
extremely sleepy , dont ask why cause idk . been asleep since 3 30 , well < PROPFEMALE > us like 15 < PROPFEMALE > . when i called my love , but now im going back to sleep . damn drowziness -_- I love you babe so much ? Mwah 
Had a blast this weekend with < PROPFIRST > miller , < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPFIRST > . got < PROPFIRST > so goood last night haha lol . ily babe ? 
COAL MINER APPRECIATION WEEK !! If you have a family member or friend that works/worked in the coal mines , comes home covered in coal dust , grease , oil , dirt , etc . Who works hard everyday , leaves their family each day not knowing if they will come back home . POST THIS to show them we do ... care about them for what they do and for keeping ...... the lights on for EVERYONE ? luvs you daddy < PROPFIRST > 
Just woke up from a nap , not feeling the greatest . gotta try to finish up this ipod , try to eat something , then might go back to bed . goodnight all , i love you so much babe , i hope to see you tomorrow ? 
You are the sun , i am the earth . Without you i'd be nothîng but a cold , lost thing . I love you so much babe 
so sore from last night . my back has cramps , my legs have cramps , and my arms hurt to move . so gotta start being more active or else that damn drum's gonna end up being the death of me one day haha lol had a blast tho with my lil sis and all the friends . cant wait to do it again tomorrow at moundsville :) ily babe , i hope to see you soon . ? 
< PROPFEMALE>'s staying tonight , then parade tomorrow in the morning sortaish . ily < PROPFIRST > 
really want to go to sleep , but my back pain is not allowing me . grr I Want sleep !! 
still got it in me haha lol so tired now , time to hit the bed . cant wait to be with my babe tomorrow , goodnight all , i love you so much < PROPFIRST > i dont know what i'd do without you , you're my everything <3 
Just got back from a walk , got all the gs stuff delivered . tomorrow school , then a birthday party for someone in new martinsville with mom and the sisters . then who knows whats happening over the break , i know im going hunting hopefully , and hope to get to < PROPFEMALE > out with the cousin down in vally . i love you so much babe ? mwah cant wait to see you soon 
chillin here at my cousins , went deer hunting yesterday didnt have any luck , might go again today . this week has been awsome with the sis < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > . luvs u all :) i love you so much to babe , hope to see you today ? 
:( i miss my < PROPFEMALE > so much . please come home Kay-Kay , i loves you so much please come back home to your mamma and your babies . please baby girl , u makin mamma cry :( :( :( 
As long as you love me i'll stay bu your side . I'll be your companioin , your friend , and your guide . As long as you love me and as long as you care I'll do anything for you , I'll go anywhere . I'll bring you the sunshine I'll comfort your fears . I'll gather up the rainbows to < PROPMALE > all your tears . As long as forever my love will be true , for as long as you love me I'll only love you . 
home , gonna clean up a little bit then hopefully go to moms :) 
lol from what i hear i guess im a lil bi haha loll :P 
parade then home with mom < PROPFEMALE > and the girls . its gonna be cold :( lol missin my friends from new martinsville . 
sittin here , not much to do . tried txting people who told me to but they aint talking back so bleh lol . 
wow 3 months today with my love < PROPFIRST > Dingess . i love you so much babe , had fun today with all of you . i cannot wait to see what the future holds for us , i hope it is good . <3 buenos noches me amor 
Let it snow Let it snow Let it snow :) 
today went by pretty quick , lets hope that the roads are cleared off tomorrow , one day of no school is enough for me ! 
ugh seriously , no school . i need something to do to keep myself occupied or im gonna go insane . bleh ! 
Going to < PROPFIRST > to get my ps2 , and yes < PROPFIRST > i know the games are at the school lol for the last time ;P then off to Cabellas then who knows what . yay im not so bored anymore xD 
Inbox only !! 2010 is almost over . Confess sumthin you always wanted 2 tell me(message me ) it will stay between us . Put this as yur status , u will be surprised by wat people tell u ? 
Wishes that this damn cold flu or what ever it is would just go away . DX 
Movies to see Narnia tomorrow at the college , bleh lol . then home . kelso might be staying the weekend so it wont be so bleh here . then monday off to school then band concert at 7 . joy joy joy dont you just love it when evrythings planned out for ya x_x 
just learned and memorized Silent Night on my keyboard yay ~ . ^ 
why are people so freaking moody , no wonder my room is m haven . dont know what im doing tomorrow since whatever , cant wait to go to moms this week . i love you babe , i miss you ? 
Missing My Love And My Mum And Sis's . Cant Wait To See Them Again http://yearbook.com/a/uuvxg?ref=nf 
going to moms tomorrow , kelso may be coming with me :) 
sittin at moms , here til friday , thenn going home to open gifts then back to moms on saturday . cant wait to see my baby , its been a while . i love you < PROPFIRST > 
Chillin with the sis , going to the aunts tomorrow with my other sis older brother < PROPFIRST > lol . gonna miss my love but hopefully will see him again soon . i love you so much babe ? 
teaching my lil sis spanish lol joy 
going to bed , had a blast today . cant wait for the weekend , gonna be with my new sis < PROPFEMALE > ? yay lol 
Cant Wait Til Summer Comes ~ . ^ hating this cold weather 
welp , got less than a half hour of sleep last night cause my rooms to damn cold and i had to take the couch . so i feel bad for whoever crosses my path today , cause im a tellin ya im gonna be a BITCH 
Going To Work Out For A Lil Bit . Then Who Knows 
< PROPFEMALE > not sleepy once again , but i need to sleep . grr 
Schools almost over . might go to church tonight who knows , going to < PROPFIRST > after school then home . 
its been a long day , thats all i gotta say ... 
making some cocoa wheats and talking online . pap still in the hospital for i dont know how long he's gonna me in there , this makes his 4th day being there . 
I'M A BITCH ! ... I'm a handful , I'm strong willed , independent , a bit outspoken and I tell it like it is . I make mistakes , I am sometimes out of control and at times hard to handle . But if you can't handle me at my worst then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best . If you're a bitch repost this .. I dare you . I'll be looking for the ladies who repost !! 
going to new martinsvile for the weekend , hit me up on the cellular 
How in the world is this freaking schedule going to work for the middle college today , leaving 2 hrs early . whats the point in even going , we'd only be there for 3 hrs 
chillin here at moms , 2hr delay so far tomorrow . will be here til friday then going down the river to my bro and sis's for the weekend . 
Dear Frontierville Friends , I Need 5 Hammers 3 Nails , and 2 Measuring Tapes please :) thank you 
college orientations tomorrow and thursday til 8 for my workout classes . then starting next tuesday i start my computer class for college . lovely :) 
Are you freaking serious ?! i get up at 6 30 get dressed and is in the process of straightening my hair . then i hear the phone ring , in my mind im thinking \that better not be the schools\ " and what do you know it sure is . so i am going back to sleep then going to school for only 2 freaking classes then my orientation . i will be home about 8ish . txt the celly " 
No school i guess . grr now i gotta find my way up to wheeling so i can go to my orientation . what a freaking day 
Snow , You Have Long Overstayed Your Welcome . Now Please GO AWAY ! 
archery then off to moms . tomorrow my final orientation then i start my classes on tueaday . 
Grades Are All A's and 1 B . Pretty good i guess , could do better tho lol 
chillin at the college waiting for my orientation . just finshed working out at the wellness center , joy ... 
great , after almost 4 hrs of trying to kill time for my orientation , Dr. O comes op to me and says that afternoon classes are cancelled . just lovely :P 
great -_- 2hr delay already ... 
Going to new martinsville for the weekend with the bro and sis . get me on the cell :) 
Go to Google maps .. go to driving directions : type in USA as the start to japan as the end then check out step 31 and step 46 ( Thanks < PROPFEMALE > ) 
just livin life and playin my cards as they come 
Dear middle college friends , you must start calling < PROPFIRST > ashby , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > lol :P 
lovely , 2hr . this better not screw up my class tonight 
Why is it when the one you need most is the hardest to find ): 
< PROPFEMALE > stayed last night , went to bed around 11 . school today then archery . so sore from last night grr lol curse you excersize haha lol :P 
grr so bored nothing to do . got the house to my self for quite a few more hrs , at least got some peace and quiet lol 
grr so bored . i needa hug ~ . ^ lol 
grr 2 hr delay . hopefully they just close , no point in going to school for just 2 classes . 
quote from mr. < PROPMALE > \Promises are meant to be broken \"" 
once again only 2 classes today , then gotta kill more time til 5 for my class . it better not cancel again 
school then < PROPFEMALE>'s gonna be here this weekend . 
watching horror films all day with < PROPFEMALE > , scaring ourselves shitless lol joy 
Sibuna :) 
just got up , had a blast this weekend with < PROPFEMALE > , going to paps today then who knows what else 
???? \ 
????? ¸ . •° *”˜˜”* • . ¸ ??? ¸ . •°*”˜ ? \ 
?? (¯`v´¯) ??? ? ? ?? ?? \ 
??? ` . ¸ . Being plain old me haha lol :P if u dont like it then who cares cause i sure dont :) 
Gotta Ps2 for sale with 2 controllers and 2 memory cards and 11 games , mainly war games , monster jam , and spy games . give me a call ASAP if interested . 150 for all 
2hr delay , so i got 2 classes today but i gotta stay in wheeling til 9 ish for my other classes . txt the cell :) . Sibuna ~ . ^ 
Me : hey hitler i think you lost something ... Hitler : Vat ?... Me : World War Two hahaha :P 
I love you , You love me , Now We are just patiently waiting to meet . i know my name but not yet yours , just as you know your name but not mine . when the time is right we will meet and live happily ever after ... 
Not feeling to good , but going to school anyway . gotta feeling its gonna be a long day . bleh 
stayed home today , not feeling the greatest bleh . tomorrow i get to have my first day of babysitting and house cleaning with my old best friend :) cant wait 
So bored , cant wait til tomorrow :) 
Yup , i had a feeling that this would be another year that would be speant alone on Valentines Day , oh well i guess there are more years to come , just another 365 more days to tell .... grr when will the right one come .. 
Copy and paste this as your status and see what u get\ 
gold : be my valentine\ 
Orange : will you be mine\ 
yellow : i think your cute\ 
Blue : i love you\ 
pink : i wanna go out with you\ 
purple : i miss you\ 
black : i wanna kiss you\ 
inbox answers if u wish ~ . ^ 
COPY THIS ONTO YOUR STATUS AND SEE WHAT PEOPLE RATE YOU ! : 1 . Violent | 2 . I'd marry you | 3 . HOT | 4 . Sweet | 5 . Beautiful | 6 . Talkative | 7 . Trustworthy | 8 . My Best Friend | 9 . Funny | 10 . Fun | 11 . I Love You | 12 . Perfect Type | 13 . Missing You | 14 . Goofy | 15 . Acts like a total Blonde | 16 . One of the best people 
going to bed now , long day awaits me tomorrow as well as this weekend . night evryone ~ . ^ 
Going down the ricer with my mom < PROPFIRST > nannan and sisters , then back up the river to my bff/sis to go to church with her , hopefully that guy will get the hint and stop hitting on me lol 
today was just plain out awsome with mom nannan < PROPFIRST > and the girls . i got my laptop and its totally awsome thanks mom luvs u :) 
done with all this shit . goodbye for good cause i will NEVER be your friend ever again , im done trying . you'll see whats gonna happen if she runs her mouth to me one more time , im not taking no shit from her ever again like i did back in 7th and 8th grade . i will make sure that she gets what she deserves , oh and as for you im done , u done < PROPFIRST > the line and im not wasting my breath . you both are not worth it 
waiting for my class to start . such a long day , grr 
2hr delays are < PROPFEMALE > pointless in my book . go to school for only 2 classes then come home , yea not for me today lol gonna stay home and do my chores and get them caught up and whatnot . have fun today at school kids lol :P 
i love how people hold grudges and dont have the guts to talk in person . god just lay off already 
here at moms , had fun today with the girls . tomorrow and saturday gotta work then off to < PROPFEMALE>'s for sunday . i really gotta get myself a planning book lol :) 
babysitting in ohio , then going to my bff/sis jeannies til tomorrow . gonna be fun :) 
had fun this weekend , cant wait til next weekend 
its weird how a named day can change your emotions for the day . oh how i dislike Valentines day , i truely do :'( 
so sick of valentines day , grr 
School then < PROPFIRST > then home . So bored . Cant wait for sunday and the dance with sis < PROPFEMALE > and my new friend < PROPFIRST > :-) 
so freaking bored , need somethin to do 
chillin in english being bored as hell . gotta babysit this weekend :) txt the cellular 
tired of people running thier mouths . who wouldve known that so much drama could hit me at once , god what did i ever do to anyone but good ... grr oh well i dont care you all choose your own path and you deal with the consequences on your own time :) 
i love how i have the ability to make my friends happy :) 
babysitting then home afternoon then dance tomorrow 
Had a blast today with sis < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPFIRST > . cant wait til tomorrow ? :) 
Hangin in town with the bestie < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > . txt me ? 
Had a blast today with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > :) cant wait til next weekend ? 
tired of getting bitch at when i make a simple suggestion . going to moms til tomorrow then college class then church tnen free day then church over the weekend til sunday then hopefully back down at jeannies . ? 
sleep sounds good right about now . goodnight <3 
im tired of people trying to ruin my life just cause they are jelous of me for some reason . let me live my life and leave me alone , we will both be happy . cant wait til sunday so i can < PROPFEMALE > out with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > :) 
chillin at moms , then church tomorrow then free day then dr then right after i have winter retreat til sunday then going to another church with < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > :) 
well no school today for me , went to to dr. and i have some sort of flu or cold bug , but they caught it and gave me some meds , lovely . school tomorrow then church over the weekend . cant wait to see < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > on sunday ? 
grr i really want my phone back . wish i could find it . 
time for this ill woman to go to bed , hopefully feeling better soon . goodnight :) 
dont feel much better at all this morning , not looking forward to going to school today . still have a headache and sore throat and just feel like bleh . i need some sleep :( 
hoping i feel better by sunday 
i so need to find my phone :( 
cant wait for the winter retreat this weekend :) 
feeling alot better , cant wait for winter retreat :) 
Yay winter retreat is finally here :) 
today was great :) 
bleh . not likeing this wind to much 
Blonde Moments , Gotta Love ' Em lol :P 
you dont know how much you need something til you loose it lol like water grr 
doing some homework on the computer and talkin to people :) 
chillin at northern then babysitting then sunday going swimming :) 
chillin in ohio then home tomorrow then swimmin sunday then moms then school then yea the rest of the week is so planned for me lol :P grr 
well the boys went to bed early so hey mabey i will be headin there soon as well :) 
cant wait for tomorrow :) 
13 more days til my b-day , too bad i will be getting my wisdom teeth cut out that day lol having an IV in my arm and being loopy while i have needles in my gums getting teeth cut out , just how i wanted to spend my day on my birthday lol ;) 
going to bed :) cant wait for tomorrow 
going swimming with the bestie and a few others :) gonna be cold when we go to the car lol but oh well i needa break sometimes from my busy life 
today was a blast :) 
yay we finally have water :) 
chillin at the college , gettin ready for my exam , joy -_- 
sore , tired , time for bed . ? 
love makin new friends :) goodnight 
todays been a long stressful day , thats all i gotta say >:( 
PUT THIS ON YOUR STATUS AND SEE WHAT PEOPLE RATE YOU : 1 = Crazy , 2 = I like you , 3 = Talkative , 4 = Best friend , 5 = I miss you , 6 = Amazing , 7 = Smart , 8 = Energetic , 9 = Athletic , 10 = Random , 11 = Hot , 12 = Funny , 13 = Outgoing , 14 = cool 15 = Cute , 16 = Beautiful , 17 = Lovable , 18 = I love you he he 
7 more days :) 
going to ohio for a little bit then back home . archery tournament tomorrow :) 
get me at the celly :) 
been a long day , had fun but my arm is sore as hell . tomorrow gonna be in town for the day get me at the cell . goodnight :) 
yea this is too early for me , got a headache . gonna learn how to parallel park today , then off to the pool with the besties :) 
today was great :) 5 more days ~ . ^ 
chillin at moms doing homework 
here at moms , then home tomorrow , then dr. wednesday , then band thursday , then my sweet 16 friday :) too bad i will be in the hospital gettin wisdom teeth cut out lol lovely ~ . ^ 
schools almost out , then home to work in the yard and finish some things . :) joy lol 
chillin at moms , tomorrow band practice , then my lovely sweet 16 friday gettin teeth cut out :) 
well got my history homework finished , now going to bed . buenos noches facebook peeps :) 
well guess im not getting my teeth cut out tomorrow , they're just gonna go over whats going to happen . im srry to say but they're thinkin wrong if they think im wating another whole freaking month to get ' em out .. at least i wont be sore on my sweet 16 i guess 
at moms for a few then heading home . got stranded in < PROPFIRST > lol < PROPFIRST > smith had to drive me to moms , morgantown tomorrow then archery saturday :) 
thanks everyone for the happy birthdays :) luvs u all 
going to bed , been a long day . just glad that your ok boy , u had me worried to death . just glad your ok 
chillin at the college waitin for class to start . i hope i passed my exam :) 
i swear people can be such idiots 
off to school . got glasses , well getting them . until the time being wearing my old ones . >:( grr 
i love thunderstorms , but i hate the wind :( 
going to moms then back home tomorrow :) 
i dont take shit from no one anymore , and people's learning that the hard way . so go ahead , try me 
people just needa stay outta my life and grow the hell up . its pretty sad when they think they can just call the cops over nothing , i'd like to see ya try . u know who u are . when will they learn that i actually have a backbone and when i get pissed i can be a total bitch . guess they're to stupid to even get the hint 
wow i was out like a light at 7:30 last night . i got like 11 hours of sleep lol 
I may be bad but im perfectly good at it ;-) 
wow people just dont get it in their heads not to mess with me , really . dumbasses i swear im gonna hurt em all when i see em 
just got back from a 3 mile wak . got all my girl scout cookies delivered finally , so thats one thing off my back :) now its time to just chill 
If you love me , comment on\ 
my status . If you think i'm a good friend , like it . If you hate me , message me\ 
why . If you have ever had a crush on me , poke me . If you're not scared , put this\ 
as your status and see what you get 
Todays going to be a long day . state tournaments then hopefully moms :) 
today was fun . been up since 5 lol but ryans was a blast with < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPFIRST > :) time for bed 
wont have a cell phone til friday . minutes expired so dont txt me 
tired of being lied to 
school then back home . church wednesday :) then going to moms ~ . ^ dont txt nor call my cell , its dead 
well my schedule is booked til next monday . grr . school , then working out , then college class then home about 9ish . no cell til thursday so dont txt me !!! 
bleh killin time in good ol ' wheeling til my class starts . no cell but dont worry , peppar spray does wonders :D 
chillin waiting for class to start . hopefully we get out early , im dead tired and needa go to bed :( 
If your Mom was a hard working woman and was your hero , helped you no matter how bad you were or was just the best mom ever , if you are blessed to still have her or if she is an angel in Heaven , paste this to your status and let everyone know you are PROUD of your mother . You can replace a lot of people in life , but you only have one mother 
to all my girl friends out there ... dont let no man drag you down nor controll you . you are your own person and deserve to be treated as such . if your man cant handle you then he shouldnt deserve to be your man . no matter how old you are , you are still young in the game of love . just be patient and your true man will be there waiting for you . a man who will respect you and love you for you :) so just be patient ~ . ^ 
ouch . im so sore from working out last night . takin a muscle relaxer for breakfast/ school today then church then mamma's :) 
men , your all the same i swear >:( 
going to < PROPFIRST > then killing time for 4 hours . probably gonna chill at the church and read . then going to mamma's :) tomorrow band then this weekend i gotta babysit and work on selling cookies for girl scouts at walmart . < PROPFEMALE > cant wait for monday ! 
ha just got out of a self defence class . so go ahead , push my buttons :) 
going on a walk soon probably . just finished up my room a bit waitin for pap to get home since he wont answer his phone lol 
WANTED : a man who can treat a woman right , a man under the age of 19 , a man who lives up to his title , and a man who is just awsome :P repost this and see who comments , mabey you'll get lucky ~ . ^ 
\I've got a lovely bunch of coconuts dudadu .. In My Pants ! \ " haha lol gotta love ya < PROPFIRST > :P " 
selling girl scout cookies at walmart this whole weekend and babysitting . wow and i thought i could get some sleep for once . ha yea not gonna happen 
selling more girlscout cookies today at walmart from about 9ish to 8pm . then going to moms :) 
been a long day . going to bed . nighty night :) 
last day of selling cookies . tried to sleep in but had a horrible dream . woke up when death approached me lol what a dream . i think i shouldnt be reading too much right before bed haha lol so its proven , books can give nightmared :P 
going to mammas :) 
school then home . i love mondays , my day to my self lol 
god i hate hail 
just call me scrappy doo :P going to moms later then tomorrow college class form like 6 to 8ish . 
gym tomorrow then class then home . 
school then working out then class . almost had an athsma attack this morning , chest kinda hurts . oh well lol should be ok today . 
wow so hating just sitting in study hall for an hour and a half . a person can only color with a sharpie so long til she gets a buzz . 
rawr . chillin at college . waitin for class to be over even tho is just started . its been a long day lol 
