Plans change , goals remain the same . 

There is no ' overkill ' . There is only ' open fire ' and ' I need to reload ' . 
Rest In Peace < PROPFIRST > , you were a legend and one of the most important people in rock and roll . I salute you . 
Martial strategy can plan for most things . However when looking only towards the outcome you can miss the simple and most basic of operations , human emotions . 
I don't care how manipulative I am , I'm no politician . That's one resource I refuse to tap , human stupidity . 
There is only one answer to betrayal , and that is vengence . Pure , and simple . 
See , there in lies the problem with trying to fade into the background . Once you step into the light , you can't hide from it any longer . 
I never truely considered what would happen when he was gone . He grew up with me , he was always there and happy to see me , he was my best friend in the world . And now ... he doesn't have long left . 
You had 14 years , you were my best friend . I can only wish you peace in death . Cocoa , I will miss you . 
Battleshps need to take less time to build , I'll never be able to challenge the American fleet at this rate . 
There are two kinds of people in this world . \ 
Those with mustaches , and those without . 
You know it's bad that you actualy forget you have a facebook account untill you get a random e-mail once a month for some reason or another . 
Definately need to start checking this place more often . 
Valentines day plans ? Same as last year , killing nazis . Though this time it's nazi armour instead of infantry . An improvement at least . 
No offense to anyone I removed . I just don't feel like I should have people on a friends list that I don't make an effort to talk to at least once a month . Family as well . Guess I'm pretty isolated . Oh well . 
How do you distinguish what is right from what you feel is right ? You don't . You look at the situation and pick a choice . Whether you make the right choice or not only history can tell . Right and wrong is a perspective , not a situational modifier . 
I'll get around to taking a new picture of myself when I can learn to not photograph like an idiot . Apparently I don't know the proper techniques for taking pictures . Good thing I have an extra special girl who does ! 
I have created a group of ideas to petition to send to Nintendo and Game Freak . Anyone who enjoys the pokemon games for any reason is welcome to join and pitch in ideas . 
I'm not sure what I enjoy more , outrunning the police , or busting racers that dare try to escape the law . I suppose the important thing is I have a F1 Mclaren on either side of the law . 
Tank commander Starshiy Serzhant < PROPMALE > Moskovitin , Gunner Sezhant Valeriy Kurochkin , Driver Serzhant Andrey Netudyhata , Radioman Mladshiy Serzhant Vitaliy Kalinovsky , and Loader Mladshiy Serzhant Efim Kazakov . I will miss you all dearly . Your service will be forever remembered in the legacy of burning Nazi amour . 
I do believe I need a hobby . 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Olson - Immune to car crashes since , well , since march of 2011 . 
