exhausted . Sucks when the harder you work the less you make . 

THE FACEBOOK TRICK : press up , up , down , down , left , right , left , right , B , A , Enter key , then right click then press up and down and magic circles appear . The only way to get rid of them are to log off or refresh the page ... IT WILL WORK ! Put this as your status if it works 
Scroll all the way down on the bottom left of the < PROPFEMALE > , click on English ( US ) and check out the language options . Avast ! There be a Pirate option ... 
Friggin head cold , i know you're there . You can stop trying to sneak up on me . 
< PROPFIRST > Olbermann is full of win 
Watchin ATHF and playin WOW 
Blizzard Tech support is a joke . 
What a looong day . My back hurts somethin fierce . 
go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status and the first entry for your name under comments 
I can enjoy my coffee any time of the day , but it always tastes best in the morning . 
Where is the love ? 
no moleste el gato , por favor . 
Its best to learn from others mistakes because you're not going to live long enough to make them all yourself . 
Researchers have demonstrated that two particularly important needs can be fulfilled by religion . These are the Need to Belong ( an innate preparedness to form and maintain at least a minimum quantity of interpersonal relationships ) and the Need for Meaningful Existence . If these needs are frustrated people start suffering from anxiety , have a higher < PROPMALE > of dying at a younger age , and have a poorer immune system 
Apparently the people downstairs have been getting my light < PROPMALE > and vice versa . No wonder my < PROPMALE > has been so damn high ! 
Just rearranged my furniture . I think i may have just achieved Feng shui 
The real history to the white lighter myth and why they are unlucky is based on four famous and revolutionary musicians of the second half of the 20th century . < PROPMALE > Morrison , < PROPMALE > i Hendrex , < PROPFEMALE > Joplin , and < PROPMALE > Cobain were all left-handed , all died at the age of 27 , and all their autopsies reported that a white bic lighter was found in their pockets . This is why it is said that white lighters are unlucky . 
Dont swim in dark water , unless you like rez sickness . 
\The person who says it cannot be done should not interrupt the person doing it . \ " Chinese Proverb . " 
Guess what I just got ... 
Danke for all the b'day wishes ! 
Damn car wont start . Think i need a new cable for my battery . 
Woke up feelin like total crap . If anyone could cover my shift tonight so i can chug some nyquil and go back to sleep , it'd be mucho appreciated . 
\sigh \"" 
There is no substitute for persistance . Except maybe money , and the ability to manipulate the will of others . - < PROPFIRST > Busey 
