Such sweet drama , oh how I miss thee . 

Hit-Girl is my future wife . I'll wait five more years for her . 
Leap Year- An awesome movie . One of my favorites . You have to check it out . It's a romantic comedy . 
I just got my M11X laptop . WOOO ! It's beatiful ! 
Just got my M11X laptop and it's amazingly beautiful ! ( Correction to my prior mispelling of beautiful . ) 
WOOOOT ! Allergies attacking me and there isn't anything I can do about it . This is the BEST ! 
Suspended for two days , finally a break . 
Guess who's unemployed now ? WOOO ! Vacation time ! 
Most of you freaks have my phone number , I better see some texts or hear some phone calls telling me \Happy Birthday\ " before I flip out ! " 
Ugh , I hate being a tech geek . Any time I have a problem with a PC or anything electronic I become obsessed with finding a solution . I can't seem to turn away until I do ; it gnaws at my until I fix it . 
Ugh , I love Nutrament . Can I get a \hell yeah\ " for Nutrament ? " 
Oh my GOSH some people are so hard to train . 
Jeebus , it's sooooo boring and hot here . I feel so dirty but it's not that time of the year yet ; I've another month to go before I can shower . 
Well , I have decided to switch my web browser to a much more sophisticated and much faster web browser called Chromium . I love technology , don't you ? I rulez ! 
Best pick up line for geeks and nerds like me ; \You turn my software into hardware \"." 
You must be Windows Vista because you've got me so unstable ! 
Bored , someone hit me up . 
I just deleted about thirty two thousand items from my hard drive , roughly about 25gbs . For some reason , I'm amazed by that . 
Not 25gb , I meant 15 . 
\You shut your whore mouth when < PROPFIRST > May is talking ! \ " By Anonymous " 
Woot ! 
Why is it that no matter how hard I try to avoid certain people from my past , they always come back ? Even after being told to fudge off . Damn imbeciles need to stay away . I've no tolerance for that level of stupidity . 
Men are like bank accounts . Without a lot of money they don't generate a lot of interest . 
Everyone is entitled to their own opinion . It's just that yours is stupid . 
I have opinions of my own -- strong opinions -- but I don't always agree with them . - < PROPFIRST > Bush 
\One of the great things about books is sometimes there are some fantastic pictures . \ " - < PROPFIRST > W . Bush " 
\Too many good docs are getting out of the business . Too many OB-GYNs aren't able to practice their love with women all across this country . \ " - GB " 
My name is < PROPMALE > . 
Yahoo Mail appears to be down .... I hate you Yahoo ! 
Yey ! My bank account was emptied once again by some random person and < PROPMALE > refuses to give me a refund even though I pay extra for security due to the fact that the person used my pin number . As if that were such an impossible thing to do . 
Ok , FINALLY got my laptop's monitor replaced . Looking good so far . Hopefully I wont have anymore problems and if I do , I'm blaming some random innocent soul . 
< PROPFIRST > Lambert - Whataya want from me 
Yeiyah , I rulez ! I roxorz ! I are the bomb ! 
We have a situation , meet me in the situation room . 
Well , my laptop will be off for twenty-four hours in order to test the new monitor . I shall return tomorrow morning , hopefully . If you need me , just message me on AIM . 
I looked in the mirror and I saw the most beautiful sight ; the reflection of a true Sovereign class < PROPFEMALE > ship captain . 
My eyes are practically bleeding from reading so much . I need to slow down my nerdiness . Spent about five hours just researching the new Microsoft mobile OS . I wont be replacing my broken HTC Fuze until Christmas time when the new smart phone with Windows 7 mobile OS is finally released . Until then , it's my old Cingular 8125 Pocket PC . 
Listening to the new Eminem album . 
Eminem's new album is awesome . My favorite rapper aside from Weird < PROPMALE > Yankovic and the Lonely Island . 
GOD ! It's been boring these past two days . Absolutely nothing to do . Someone entertain me ! 
If nothing else , my life is a good collection of examples of Murphy's Law . I could probably publish a book categorized as humor/biography and sell a few copies . Anyone have any thoughts on this ? 
????????????? 
Blah , blah , blah . 
Wipe your face , it's ugly ..... 
I've been thinking about leaving Facebook . Anyone have any thoughts on the matter ? 
Well , FUCK MY LIFE ! My unemployment request apparently went through . Finally I can pay muh bills ! 
WOOO !!! Oh yeah , for your entertainment . 
Anyone want to come with me to see Toy Story 3 ? Let me know by tomorrow afternoon . 
Anyone want to come with me to see Toy Story 3 ? Let me know by tomorrow afternoon . 
Damn , might not be able to go out today . I have my period . 
Awww fuck .... BP(British Petroleum ) killed Captain Planet .... 
Yey , I bought a new phone and now I'm broke . HTC Aria running the Android version 2.1 from AT&T . 
My AC is working , hollar ! 
Robo-Geisha , one of the best movies EVAAARRR ! Robo-Geisha FTW ! Glad I got that movie and watched it . 
Yey for knee replacement surgery . Goodbye sports , law enforcement and military . 
I hate your life . Give me tacos . 
“I , on the other hand , am a fully-rounded human being , with a degree from the University of Life , a diploma from the School of Hard Knocks , and three gold stars from the Kindergarten of Getting the Shit Kicked Out of Me” 
I am now in possession of one of the most powerful phones in the world . A Galaxy S model re-dubbed the Samsung Captivate , which is AT&T's version of the model . Yes , you may drool . 
Your face disturbs me , change it . 
Time for some action . I'm feeling trigger happy . 
Make it so numba one ! 
You want to know what's on my mind ? I'll tell you ! Zomg , I got StarCraft 2 and five doctor's appointments this week . Going to be a busy week . 
You're adopted and that's final . 
Halloween parade was interesting . I saw 5 cops on horses and that's about it . Too damn packed to get a good view , couldn't see anything . I felt so dirty with people constantly passing by rubbing up against my amazing body . 
I'm so awesome when the sun gets tired I take over . Know those days when it's so bright it hurts your eyes ? I apologize . 
I love it when a plan comes together . * Lights cigar * 
\Who says nothing is impossible . I've been doing nothing for years . \ " ~ Author Unknown\ 
Hhhmmm , this is NOT going to be an easy day . Damn it . Damn YOU INSOMNIA !!! So much to do so little energy . I think today might be the first day I fall asleep while walking . 
So sick ....... Wow , so sick . 
Meet me in the situation room , we have a situation . \ 
No fighting in the war room ! 
Even though I don't have any functional knives in my house I'll gladly use a plastic knife to repeatedly attempt to gouge my eyes out if I have to read another Q & A session . Please ...... don't do it . Oh look , a double rainbow !!! 
Anyone going with me to see the new Potter movie tomorrow ? 
< PROPMALE > Potter was AWESOME . Well , aside from one very sad part but perfect otherwise . 
Giving old yeller ( Xbox 360 ) one last < PROPMALE > to start working normally before I trade it in today . Got the one ring of death , now I have to retire my old < PROPMALE > after four years of faithful service . I'll miss you < PROPMALE > . 
Happy turkey day to all . Yey .... so excited . 
Saw Unstoppable , damn what a good movie that was . 
\They named a street after < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > but they had to change it because no one survives if they cross < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE >.\" By Anonymous " 
If tomatoes are a fruit , isn't ketchup technically a smoothie ? 
Apparently < PROPMALE > scientists found a cure for AIDS . No idea why this hasn't made headlines . 
I'm starting to read about women complaining about chivalry , stating that it's sexist . Anyone have any opinions on this ? I though me opening and holding the door for a woman was just a polite thing to do , didn't think this type of action was sexist . ( Just an example ) 
<---- In the process of learning Japanese . 
?????????????????? 
I found that if you have a goal , that you might not reach it . But if you don't have one , then you are never disappointed . And I gotta tell ya ... it feels phenomenal . 
Finally learning how to use my dang Norelco after two months . Weeee , finally I can look semi-human ! 
\To educate a man in mind and not in morals is to educate a menace to society . \ " - < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > " 
