I feel really stupid being on here . 

Finally done with those pictures . 
I have a mohawk . hahaha 
so PISSED OFF . 
Why am I so freakin tired all the time ? 
Someone just inspired me . 
I guess I can do this too . Like it and I'll tell you why I like you . 
A picture is worth a thousand words ... you never quite realize how true that is until you go through a million pictures of your life and realize that every single one has a story to itself . 
But those who trust in the Lord will find new strength . They will soar high on wings like eagles . They will run and not grow weary . They will walk and not faint . - < PROPMALE > 40:31 
It's funny how people change , but there's always that hint of a person you once knew still left in who they are . 
Why are you looking , for love ? Why are you still searching , as if I'm not enough ? \ 
Words never made more sense to me , or seemed to present a more clear message . We all strive to be what someone else wants , but in all reallity , we already are . We're what Christ wants , more than anything , and I think if we all would just realize that , there wouldn't be as much pain . Maybe that's the real problem in this world . 
I know you're not all Christians , but I want you to take a minute , and just think about it . Even if you don't believe that Christ was the savior , he gave his life for you . He gave his life for people he doesn't even know . That takes alot of love , and I think we should all strive to be that way . 
Sometimes I just need to chill . 
Had the weirdest , scariest , yet most awesome and exciting experience of my life at 1 in the morning last night . 
Figuring yourself out is one hard thing to do . 
Just got back from playing soccer with my brother . My head hurts . 
4th of July church service was tighttttttttttttttttt . 
I'll show them , I'm willing to fight . And give them , the best of my life . 
Time for change . 
This has easily been the hardest thing I've had to do in my life . But , it only gets harder from here . 
In the first 6 days , I've learned that I have often taken my friends for granted , and I apologize to each and every one of you for that . 
There is no such thing as \I can't . \ " There is only \ " I won't . \"" 
If I could do it all again , I'd go back and change everything but , time won't let me go 
I am so homesick now for someone that I never knew . I am so homesick now for someplace I'll never be . 
Letting go of things I shouldn't have felt in the first place was the hardest thing I've ever had to do , but now that I have , I'm free as an eagle . 
If you gave me back all those years , I'd do it all better I swear . 
It happens in a blink . It happens in a flash . It happens in the time it took to look back . 
You can't stop me now . I've got a fire in my eyes and a burning in my heart , and I'm not backing down . 
Finding Nemo , the only movie I'll never be too old for . 
Use my hands , use my feet , to make your kingdom come . To the corners of the Earth , until your work is done . 
Whatever disease this is that I've been stricken with , it sucks . 
Go ahead , you're never gonna take me . You can bend but you're never gonna break me . I was yours , I'm not yours anymore . Oh , you don't own me . 
Go ahead , put a target on my forehead . You can fire but you've got no bullet . I was yours but I'm not yours anymore . Oh , you don't own me . 
Finally back from Ohio . 
In order to stop me , you have to break me . In order to break me , you have to kill me . In order to kill me , you have to prove that my God doesn't exist . and that is something you can't do . so therefore , you shouldn't waste your time trying to stop me . 
I realize now , the absolute hardest thing to do in life , is find something that keeps pushing you and makes you strive to do better . That's why I'm thankful each and everyday for my God , my Savior , my family , and my friends . 
It really just hit me . This is my last year of high school . And some of these people I may never see again . Guess it's time to really start living it up , huh ? 
1st- Fitness Mgt ; Lynch , 2nd- Eng Sp Topics ; Thompson , 3rd- Web Design ; Stinson , 4th-Soc/Psych ; Bode , 5th- Physical Fitness ; Donnelly\ 
Tell me if we have any classes together , which , for some reason , I doubt I have classes with any of you . 
It's funny how the words of a child can be , simple , though the thought there is so meaningful . It makes me wonder what I would say to me , in the eyes of another . 
The greatest comics to ever exist ; < PROPMALE > and Hobbes . 
Headin out to the field early . Anyone wanna meet me out there and get some extra practice in ? 
The Guardian ; the movie that inspires me to save lives . 
Can you lay your life down , so a stranger can live ? Can you take what you need , but take less than you give ? Could you close everyday , without the < PROPFEMALE > and fame ? Could you hold your head high , when no one knows your name ? That's how legends are made , at least that's what they say . 
It's the little things in life that make the real difference . It's that simple text message that says you still care , that simple e-mail that says you're still there , that simple acknowledgment that I'm here . It's the smallest things that say ' I love you ' that mean the most . 
One tear in the dropping rain , one voice in a sea of pain . Could the maker of the stars , hear the sound of my breaking heart ? One light , is all I am . Right now , I can barely stand . If you're everything you say you are , could you come close , and hold my heart ? 
Can't believe I'm playing Pandemic . I have no life . 
What I don't understand . Why chicks hangout and leave comments on each other's facebook at the same time ? 
One tear , in the dropping rain . One voice , in a sea of pain . Could the maker of the stars , hear the sound of my breaking heart ? One light , is all I am . Right now , I can barely stand . If you're everything you say you are , could you , come close , and hold my heart ? 
I finally figured out , the hardest part of someone giving you a second < PROPMALE > , is accepting that they gave it to you , and giving yourself that second < PROPMALE > . 
I just came to another realization . Why do we love some people , and hate others ? Why do we give to some , and take from others ? Why do we protect some , and hurt others ? We're all God's children . We're all siblings in the eyes of God . So in hurting each other , we're destroying our family . Why ? What's it all for ? To me , the only logical thing to do now , is to love , give , and protect . 
Everything has never been so right . 
The times that you feel like you're falling from grace . The times you're hurting . The times that you heal . The times you go hungry , and are tempted to steal . The times of confusion , in chaos and pain . I'm there in your sorrow , under the weight of your shame . I'm there through your heartache . 
I'm there in the storm . My love I will keep you , by my pow'r alone . I don't care where you fall , where you have been . I'll never forsake you , My love never ends . It never ends . \\ 
Guess I'm not going to sleep . Lol 
I hate when girls say , ' I'm ugly ' or , ' I'm not good enough . ' because it's not what is seen on the outside that makes you beautiful , it's what's on the inside , and when you find a guy who understands that , then you won't have to worry about being ' ugly ' or ' not good enough . ' 
So others may live . 
My best friend and her sister are two of the funniest and greatest people I've ever met . Oh , the memories . Haha 
I feel like a weight has been lifted off my shoulders . 
Tryin to get inspired to write some concert material . AGHHHH why is this so difficult ? 
Just a liar and a thief , the word tells us so . We'd like to let him know where he can go . To hell with the devil !! 
i'm never getting to sleep at this rate . 
Thank you to everyone who was there for me tonight . Thank you for everyone who was there for me before tonight . Thank you for everyone who sticks with me through everything . Thank you for my best friends and my family . Thank you God for this life you've blessed me with . 
At the end of this , I may end up with nothing , but I'll always have the satisfaction of knowing I fought for what I believed in ; the strength to fight for what I want ; and the love to fight for those who believed in me . 
Fight me . Again and again . Knock me down . Again and again . Push , pull , batter , bruise . Again . Again . Again . But no matter how much you hurt me , I'll never back down . I've got God on my side , and with Him , I will never stay on the ground . So go ahead and push me again . 
I have a feeling that today is going to be a very good day . 
You know life is good when you dance around aimlessly without a care in the world to video game music . haha 
Senior year starts tomorrow , and my older brother added a little extra touch to it by punching my in the head . Haha 
Let the music speak for itself . 
I realized now ( thanks to < PROPFEMALE > Waller ) that even if I never end up finding whatever it is that seems to make everyone else so happy , I'll be perfectly content because I've got God on my side , and I seem to be good at making people feel good about themselves . And that , in turn , makes me happier than anything . 
When I don't measure up to much in this life , well I'm a treasure , in the arms of Christ . Cuz I'm forgiven . 
Tie game . 3-3 . Finally got to play , made those j-town clowns feel it . 
PRP Soccer = Champions . That's where it's at . 
I wish you could see , I really just don't have much fight left anymore . I've fought for too long , and it's finally caught up to me . 
I hate the feeling of not being important . I hate the feeling of being alone , and the feeling of being pushed away . I hate it , and I don't know how it happened . 
Life just feels good . (: 
Isn't everyone , pretending they're alright ? Isn't everyone , about to fall ? 
I love punkin out the opposing soccer players . They're all such little girls . Haha . Won the game today . 3-0 . 
I'm fighting a losing battle . 
I'm fighting as hard as I can , and I'll never stop until you tell me to . 
Seriously , now that I think about it , life's pretty good . I couldn't ask for a better family or better friends . I couldn't ask for better teammates either . Or for that matter , I couldn't ask for anything better . Thankful for what I have , forever . 
There He goes - a hero . A Savior to the world . Here He stands , with scars in His hands . With love , He gave , His life so we could be free . The Savior of the world . :) 
Some of the blessings and wonders of life : Best friends , family , food , water , air , sports , clarity , and the ability to do good in the world . 
Worrying and praying for my best friend . Hope you feel better soon . 
We spend so much of our lives not saying what we want to say , what we should say . We speak in codes , secret messages . Origami . So why can't we just say it plainly , I love you ? 
Sometimes , in life , you have to give up the THINGS that are important to you , to keep the ONES that are important to you . Sometimes we forget that , and lose the ones we love . It's hard to < PROPMALE > both your dreams and your friends . So never forget that in chasing your dreams , you should never let go of your friends . 
One is loved because one is loved . No reason is needed for loving . 
And when I feel like I don't measure up , to much in this life , well , I'm a treasure , in the arms of Christ . 
National Suicide Prevention Week 
There will be a day , with no more tears . No more pain . No more fears . There will be a day , when the presence of this place , will be no more . We'll see Jesus face to face . 
Just praying . That's all I can really do . 
Butler game tomorrow . It's about to be a throwdown . 
I'm fallin ' apart , barely breathing . With a broken heart , that's still beating . In the pain , there is healing . In Your name , I find meaning . 
Well I guess . Truth is ... 
Truth is , my best friend is one-of-a-kind . (: 
Truth is , my best friend is still one-of-a-kind . :) \ 
Also , the other truth is ; I can unleash The Beast . 
I've heard so many times ; things change . Well yeah , things change . But in order for it to be a good change , you have to make it that way . Stop letting things get worse . 
Truth is , the things that get said at my lunch table between me , < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPFEMALE > , are some of the funniest things I've ever heard . 
I hate wanting to talk to someone about something , but then when I start to , I can't . 
I just want everyone to know , my best friend is THE BEST , and none of yours even compare . 
Truth is , I hope I'm enough for you . 
Sometimes life is a struggle . That's when you have to learn to put your faith in God . 
Water You turned into wine . Opened the eyes of the blind . There's no one like You . None like You . Into the darkness You shine . Out of the ashes we rise . There's no one like You . None like You . 
I need You like a hurricane ; thunder crashin ' , wind and rain ; to tear my walls down . I'm only Yours now . I need You like a burnin ' flame ; a wildfire untamed ; to burn these walls down , I'm only Yours now . 
The problem with you believing that you don't show me enough appreciation for the things I do , is that seeing you smile is enough for me , and the happiness I get from making you feel better , is more than any amount of appreciation . 
One tear in a dropping rain , one voice in a sea of pain , could the maker of the stars , hear the sound of my breaking heart ? One light , is all I am , right now , I can barely stand , if you're everything you say you are , would you come close , and hold my heart ? 
It's hard to look back and imagine how much better things would be if you were still here . 
Another saturday of training . This'll be fun . 
Guess it's true . Nice guys always finish last . 
Anyone I talked to about the Ultimate Frisbee Game , it's cancelled . Someone be sure to inform < PROPFIRST > Fox . 
Number one , I'll be the best in the world , 2nd to none . 
It's never enough , it's never enough , no matter what I say . It's never enough , no it's never enough , no matter who I try to be ... I'll never be what you want me to be . 
Why don't we all just grow up a little bit , and stop playing with each other's feelings ? We're seniors here , about to be on our own , and time isn't slowing down . So let's grow up a little bit , huh ? 
It seems like in one day , it was gone . It seems like everything I tried to be , no longer mattered . No matter what I did , I guess now it isn't enough . Like I was just a temporary fix . Whatever , for real . I'm sick of being walked on . Step on me again , see what happens . 
What was the start of all this ? When did the cogs of fate begin to turn ? \ 
Perhaps it is impossible to grasp that answer now , from deep within the flow of time ... \ 
But , for a certainty , back then , we loved so many , yet hated so much , we hurt others and were hurt ourselves . \ 
Yet even then , we ran like the wind , whilst our laughter echoed , under cerulean skies ... 
You're all that I hoped I'd find , in every single way . And everything I could give , is everything you couldn't take . Cause nothing feels like home , you're a thousand < PROPMALE > away , and the hardest part of living is just taking breaths to stay . Cause I know I'm good for something , I just haven't found it yet , but I need it ... 
The Book of < PROPMALE > is , hands down , the best movie I've ever seen in my entire life . 
Don't worry about the past , because what's done is done . Don't worry about the future , because whatever happens happens . Live in every moment , and commit yourself to loving and giving , and commit yourself to God's plan for you . 
Would you lay your life down , so a stranger can live ? Would take what you need , but take less than you give ? Could you close everyday , without the < PROPFEMALE > and fame ? Could you hold your head high , when no one knows your name ? 
I've got the best friends in the world . 
Stop complaining about how life's so hard . Stop complaining about how things never work out . If you're so friggin upset about it , GET UP AND FIX IT . 
Hoping everything goes well for my best friend . (: 
I gave you my all and you threw it in my face . 
Cause I'll be by your side , wherever you fall . In the dead of night , whenever you call . and please don't fight , these hands that are holding you . Yeah , my hands are holding you . 
AG2G . I like that . 
It's not a race , it's not a competition . It's not a game , and it's not a sprint . It's a marathon , and I'll keep running until I cross the line . 
Giving my all to someone who deserves my all . Hope everything works the way I want it to . 
Texting < PROPFEMALE > Eisenbeis helps me stay positive . Wish I knew more people like her . 
I'd like to thank the friends of mine who have never turned their backs on me and have always stayed by my side ; < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Sims , < PROPFEMALE > Stratton , < PROPFIRST > Phelps , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Keltner , < PROPFEMALE > Eisenbeis , and Life Church Louisville . Thanks to all of you . I love each and everyone of you . 
The best part of my life is definitely Christ . And being able to love my best friends . Being given a < PROPMALE > to do that is better than anything in the world . 
My favorite song of all time ; By Your Side - Tenth Avenue North 
At the cross You , beckon me . You draw me gently , to my knees and I am , lost for words , so lost in love . I'm sweetly broken , wholly surrendered . 
It's my life , it's now or never . I ain't gonna live forever . I just wanna live while I'm alive . 
Crucified , laid behind a stone . You lived to die , rejected and alone . Like a < PROPFEMALE > , trampled on the ground . You took the fall , and thought of me , above all . 
Phone's broken in half . Don't text me . 
Anyone got an old at&t phone and charger than I can borrow for a while ? 
I'm glad I'm saved . I'm glad I let god come into my life . The best decision of my life . And no matter how much ' logic ' someone throws at me , it won't push me from God . 
When it's all said and done , no one remembers , how far we have run . The only thing that matters , is how we have loved . 
Just applied to Asbury . :) 
I read the definition . \ 
Bill : \What's the example ? \ " \ 
< PROPFIRST > Rogan : \Tell me what you think went wrong . \ " \ 
I feel like such an idiot . 
Alright , I'm not gonna lie , that kid's trash talking was probably the funniest thing I've ever heard in my life . Especially over something like that . XD 
Why not ... If you're brave enough copy this to your status and see wat people rate you ! ( 1 ) crazy ( 2 ) wish we went out ( 3 ) talkative ( 4 ) sarcastic ( 5 ) beautiful ( 6 ) loveable ( 7 ) adorable ( 8 ) strong ( 9 ) dumb ( 10 ) pretty ( 11)spoiled ( 12 ) goofy ( 13 ) funny ( 14 ) awesome 
I'm having a great day . And they just keep getting better . 
Ohhhhohoh , everyone was wearin fingerless gloves . 
My brothers new RX7 is baadddddddddddd . 
In something like 2 1/2 hours I made two people become a couple . I think I deserve a matchmaking award . haha 
Sometimes I wonder if it's ever going to be my turn . 
Grow up . Life's not all rainbows and sunshine . Things aren't going to work out sometimes . Suck it up and make everything else work . 
< PROPFEMALE > Sims , < PROPFEMALE > Stratton , < PROPFEMALE > Keltner , and < PROPFIRST > Phelps are the 4 best friends in the world . Couldn't ask for better . 
Maybe I'm not the fastest . Maybe I'm not the strongest . Maybe I'm the funniest , nicest , or the kindest person around . But , truth is , I try , and I've got a bigger heart than anyone in the world , and one day I will be the fastest , the strongest , the funniest , the nicest , and the kindest person . 
I've been away for so long that I'm lost . I don't know where I am , and I need the direction . I can't see around me , and I need the light . I need the love . Good thing you never hesitate to love me , no matter how much I mess up . If he accepts me , and loves me , I can guarantee he'll accept and love you , too . Praise to God . 
Soooo ........ I guess I'm just wondering what's going on ???? 
Oh the excitement of today . I almost took off my own head with a boomerang , my little brother almost took out my eyes with that boomerang , and my cat just attacked the chair I'm sitting in . What's next ? 
Sometimes , I think about how thankful I am for my friends , and I think about how much they love me . And then , I think about Christ , and how much He loves me , and how thankful I am for Him . I'm blessed , and I realize that now . I hope one day , everyone will know the love I know . 
And as He stands in victory , Sin's curse has lost it's grip on me . For I am His , and He is mine , bought with the precious blood of Christ . 
I didn't know I had become a tattoo artist . Haha 
I'm not alright . I'm broken inside , broken inside . And all I go through , it leads me to You , it leads me to You . 
Do whatever You're doing , inside of me . It feels like chaos , but somehow there's peace . And though it's hard to surrender , to what I can't see . I'm giving into , something Heavenly . Something Heavenly . 
< PROPFEMALE > Eisenbeis is one of the strongest people I know . I admire her for that . 
Time to write some songs . 
I gotta find something to do . 
My best friend , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Sims , inspires me every single day to be a better Christian , and might I just say , that's the best thing a person can do for you . 
Everyday , there's going to be a battle . You're just going to have to choose if it's one you're willing to fight . 
Sometimes I have no idea what I'm doing , but I always know why , so I never stop , and I always end up stronger than when I started . 
Dang , man . I've talked to everyone this weekend , EXCEPT the people I WANT to talk to . :/ 
Difference between me and you . Everything you said , was a lie . Everything I said , was true . 
You meet thousands of people . Then , you meet just one person , who changes your life forever . 
You're my beloved . Lover , I'm yours . Death shall not part us . It's you I died for . For better or worse , forever we'll be . My love it unites us , and it binds you to me . It's a mystery . 
Well , some things are worth fighting for . Some feelings never die . I'm not asking for another < PROPMALE > . I just wanna know why . 
One of the best acoustic songs I've heard in a long time ; Nutshell - < PROPFEMALE > in Chains 
Take it all , cuz I can't take it any longer . All I have , I can't make it on my own . Take the first , take the last , take the good and take the rest . Here I am , all I have , take it all . 
And when it's all said and done , no one remembers , how far we have run . The only thing that matters , is how we have loved . 
Realize what you're going after before you go after it . It may be faker than you think . 
Thanks , to He who gave his life for all of us . (: 
I've been ashamed . I've been put down . Head in my hands . My life on the ground . Left Heaven to save . Liars and thieves . Sinners like me . Your blood sets us free . Who am I , that You would remember me ? 
You are more than the choices that you've made . You are more than the sum of your past mistakes . You are more than the problems you create . You've been remade . ' Cause this is not about what you've done , But what's been done for you . This is not about where you've been , but where your brokenness brings you to . This is not about what you feel . But what He felt to forgive you , and what He felt to make you loved . <3 
And as He stands , in victory , Sin's curse has lost , it's grip on me . For I am His , and He is mine , bought with the precious blood , of Christ . 
So for my birthday , the only thing I want , is to put a smile on her face . 
Well these are the words I have to choose from for this project , and I need 3 . Help ? \ 
\ 
Funny , sweet , unpredictable , nice , outgoing , caring , smart , unique , patient , loving , ambitious , religious , determined . \ 
... can't really believe people actually think these things about me . 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Sims made my day today . Thank you so much . You're the best friend someone could ask for . (: 
GOT ACCEPTED !!!!! ASBURY , HERE I COME !!!!!! WOOO !!!!!!!! 
At the cross You , beckon me . You draw me gently , to my knees . I'm lost for words so , lost in love . I'm sweetly broken , wholly surrendered . :) \ 
Probably one of the best and most meaningful songs I've ever heard . 
Thanks everyone for the birthday wishes ! 
Alot of things have changed for me over this past week . Giving it all up . (: 
Life is good . :) 
Sleeping all day is greattt . 
I've got 3 pretty awesome best friends . Couldn't ask for better . 
When I don't fit in , and I don't feel like I belong anywhere . When I don't measure up to much in this life , well I'm a treasure , in the arms of Christ . 
Greatest night of my life . WinterJam was beyond amazing . :) 
I won't change . Not for anyone . 
I'm in love with you . These canyons will < PROPFEMALE > my voice , screaming hallelujah . Oh what a beautiful noise . 
I've got some pretty awesome friends . Ah , the things they tell me without realizing it . Haha 
Does anyone know a blonde girl named < PROPFEMALE > that goes to UofL ? 
It's nice to find a place so welcoming every so often . (: 
Be careful about the choices you make and the things you say ; you might just lose something that's really important . :/ 
This is going to be a good week . Can't wait to see my best friend perform . (: 
It seems there's no one in the world ... 
