I wanna touch your face . I wann touch your soul . I wanna wear your face ! I wanna burn your soul ! 

You ask me what i believe ? I believe in \your\ " ignorance " 
Hooya Boats 
is with family 
almost punched the lieutenant JG in the teeth , but ... i calm now ! 
Says Hooyah ! 
Has 5 on it ! 
is ? 
is ?, not ?? 
Just got iPod nano . yessir 
The limits of the dead ! ( Dont ask ) 
Got my nipples pierced on saturday ! hurt like hell but i love em 
Just bought a new car !!!! 03 nissan sentra specV se-R . happy as hell !!!!! =) 
In the middle of the Atlantic Sea , nothing but blue around me !!! yup still online ! love this Sh*t =) 
Went on a little rant . Sorry . Have had a tough couple of weeks . I'm better now . 
PRAY FOR ME 
Whats motivation without a reason ? 
Everything is going good today ! 
Crucibel , thats the name !!! for my movie . mom you know what im talking about !! good idea right ? 
just went to DRB , got interviewed by like 10 chiefs , senior chiefs , and our master chief about these charges . no mast ... yet ! god its a pain in the ass ! 
just went through Panama . met some locals ! lol , cool as hell . im , in the Pacific ocean now . 
I play doctor for five minutes flat , before i cut my heart open ... and let the air out . Three bugs , a pound of dust . Some wind spilled before me . In the strangest manner that had broke away my tear spout !!! -Slipknot 
My end , it justifies my means . All I ever do is delay , My every attempt to evade , The end of the road ! 
I felt the hate rise up in me . Kneel down and clear the stone of leaves . I wander out where you cant see . Inside my shell I wait and bleed ! 
That place in my mind , is that space you call mine ! 
Now I know i disappear ! I cant find my way from out of here ! Everything is fading on me ! Someone tell me ... Why ! 
Callow man is a sentinel screaming I see the future ; the future is bleeding 
Holed up , scarred and tamed for the hell of it Look at me , I am the glorified malcontent Save me ? Save this ! All I gotta do is give up and all is forgiven 
Oh , how i long to show this world the truth ! soon ... 
How does it feel to be locked inside another dream That never had a < PROPMALE > of being realized ? I am infinite , I am the infant finite Come a little closer and I'll show you why 
Now I know i dissappear , I cant find my way from out of here . Everything is fading on me . Someone tell me , WHY ?! 
im alive , but with bad news i cant share with anyone . anyways , already seen spain and africa , Beautiful land ! 
urgh ... BAD DAY 
WOW , the sea whiz is not your friend . Our spin barrel 50 cal . gun likes to go berserk on watch at 3 in the morning and point at you . scary as hell !!! but funny when two people are runing for there lives !! you can only imagine the fun i have on watch ! 
Another 4 hours of watch coming up . Hope the sea wizard minds its P's and Q's . I dont feel like pissing myself . 
hope everybody has been watching CNN ! Thank you , Fucking Press ! now the Nassau is out to look like the assholes ! When will this war END ?! 
Passed my 3M test today . One step closer to my ESWS pin ! Now all i have is basic and advanced DC ( damage control ) . 
i did the workout from hell tonight . i fell like i got hit by a train ! and the protien drink afterwards sucked ass !!! oh well , cant win em all . =) gonna hate it in the morning , but i guess its worth it . 
working hard or hardly working . i cant decide sometimes ! lol , life is good , for once i dont feel like complete shit ! =) 
Gently 
sigh , i got out of yet another mast case against me . dont know how i do it ! by all rights i should be in jail . or court marshalled . some how i manage to not get in any trouble what so ever . oh well , just a matter of time . oh quick update , i still hate life . in brighter news , my deployment is nearing its ugly end . thank christ ! 
This face will never change ! Accept it ! 
me and a couple < PROPFEMALE > buddies of mine were listening to miley < PROPMALE > and dancing while washing dishes . Not sure if that falls under the dont ask , dont tell policy . =) 
Until the day I die ... 
Is \Gehenna Mori \"" 
Thank you all for the birthdays wishes , should be home soon 
Sorry , the < PROPFIRST > name followed a genre that I am no longer associated with . 
I dont know who I am , Im not sure if I'll ever know , but I know what I want to be ... 
In Italy , going to Rome today 
Im on a Boat ! 
Guinness , Baileys , and Jameson = Good Day . 
Home ! To < PROPFEMALE > , not looking foward to it . 
in philly , safe and sound . 2 hour delay then im on the way home . fun ... 
bored , bored , bored ... sigh 
I think i pinched a nerve in my leg , i might have some sort of nerve or muscle damage and i can barely move my leg . the ships doctor wasnt very helpful , he said i had nothing wrong with me and recommended motrin . this sucks , and im having a hell of a time getting around the ship . 
feeling better .. 
good day ... my leg doesnt hurt anymore , i got my car out of storage and it still runs after 8 months , and all the tires where full of air(no flats ) . and now im going over my friends house to enjoy delicious carbs from < PROPFEMALE > Ds . yup this is a successful day . =D 
Back in Norfolk ... thank God , New York is expensive ........ 
kinda blank right now ... lot on my mind i guess . 
painting the ship right now ... urgh . anyways cant get turbo off my mind , next thing for my car is stage II turbo < PROPFEMALE > , gonna cut header and re-weld ram horns ... yea , nice . 
cant get turbo off my mind , next thing for my car is stage II turbo < PROPFEMALE > , gonna cut header and re-weld ram horns ... yea , nice . 
Our revenge will be the laughter of our children - < PROPFIRST > Sands 
I dont care how old , \Tool\ " is still the best band ever !!! " 
... bought a new hat . not much else going on 
Does anybody know who A Perfect Circle is ?????????? OMG , the absolute best ! 
Ive come to realize that facebook is a place for close friends and family , im tired of looking at peoples comments and posts that i dont even talk to anymore , so if you find yourself not my friend on here anymore dont get offended , i just dont need you as a facebook friend 
I am the zebra painted flower pirate !!! 
Im in Cuba 
well , I had two anxiety attacks 10 seconds apart from each other the other night , the worst ones ive ever had !! absolutly the most scariest and helpless feeling in the world , kinda scared , but got to keep it a secret though because the navy shuns against such things =( 
$100 was put on the table and I won it all on a $20 buy in/ Texas hold em . winning hand triple 2's 
i guess its a good thing im not going to japan ... call it intuition 
Have you ever sat in the back of your mind and looked out ? gave yourself peace ? go to that one vunerable place that is yours to hide from the world ? imagine if everyday was like that , your problems would become meaningless , and your past memories vauge ... And so said - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
Schism on display ... 
as my naval career comes to a close i just want to say thank you to everyone who has been so supportive over the last few years , its hard being away from family and friends , but i did meet alot of good people and saw some beautiful countries along the way ... thank you again 
Mother < PROPFIRST > won't you whisper something but the past and done . Why can't we not be sober . 
tomorrow is an eventful day , wish me luck ... hopefully i wont get scared . mom nevermind , youll find out when i get home . 
I Love Trailor Park Boys .... ive been watching it none stop 
Bought a hot shot gat from a north end guinea- Milla Jovovich in Puscifer 
Now you're weeping shades of cozened indigo\ 
Got lemon juice up in your eye , eye\ 
When you pissed all over my black kettle\ 
You must've been ... \ 
- < PROPMALE > 
I miss her already !! =( 
everyone should see the video i posted .... the pot by tool 
well everyone ... today is my last day in the Navy !!! 
Going home Sunday !! 
Im in Kentucky ... 
Anyone familiar with peyote ?? 
To all my FB friends , in honor of Mother's Day I'm trying to see how many of you are willing to change your profile picture to a picture of your mother and keep it there till May 9 . I did and so have several others . If you will and like this idea , please repost this as your status so everyone gets the word and see how many beautiful mothers we can get on FB ........ ~ ? ~ Happy Mother's Day 
I DID NOT TEST MY IQ !!!!!! 
/G\\ 
Going shooting with dad !! S&W AR-15 and 9mm Sub 
Happy Mothers Day to ALL Mothers !!!!! sorry < PROPFEMALE > but im taking the pic down now ! =) love you 
oooooh ... I want a . 600 Nitro Express Magnum ! 
OK ... saving for the . 50 Beowulf by < PROPFIRST > Arms ... 
