loves the three stooges 

Rip Kev , added so much joy to so many ppl's lives 
jus found a big ass bag of reese cups in my room ... fuck yes 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > was here (: 
gotta shit 
Fuck your mothers a whore 
\atomatic addict got my mac-ten got lead in my viens read to be shot dead ... \"" 
kill the last brain cell sells so i can't think about it any mroe 
cross country broke my leg 
goin to florida .. there goes those fucking plans 
is home an can't wait for tomorrow 
found out that dish soap doesn't go in the dish washer 
i got toast 
this morning blows 
< PROPFIRST > neutrons on fuckin tv !!!!! 
tired yet hyper ... wat the fuck 
so fucking bored 
headache out the ass 
got my hair cut nukka 
What ever happened to no one ever gets left behind ... 
i gotta ring pop 
once your on the top only place to go is down ... 
once its all over you look back an see every thing you could of done , an cant help but regret .... 
Hangin ' with the goodie-goodies loungin ' in paradise Fuck that shit , I wanna tote guns and shoot dice All my life I been considered as the worst 
Happy thanksgiving everyone , im'a go get fat or try to ... 
sittin back look at skyline .... enjoy these last moments 
I’ll < PROPFEMALE > this flag To the grave if I must Because it’s flag that I love And a flag that I trust 
hittin up the court house christmas shit 
goin to sisters sweet 16 
wat the fuck bored out my mind 
seriously wants a cookie ... 
Sit back let the flow hit < PROPFEMALE > , feel it in your bones into your very soul and let it explode from deep inside ... 
senoirs bitchs 
SEN WHAT ? 
< PROPFIRST > Black funniest man alive 
snowing fuck yes 
goin sleddin nukka whos comin ? 
concussions ... fuck yes 
Tech boys game who's goin ? 
wants to drink ... heavily 
today sucked till i got apple [ pie 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmass :) 
fuckin insomnia .. shit still doesn't seem real .. 
Work after new years ? Not a good time 
2011 can kiss my ass 
who's ready for school tomorrow ? haha 
Tech's gunna beat middles ass 
hangover ... hilarious lol 
fuck shit bored 
I'll knock you out nigga , Your a < PROPFEMALE > Bar Nigga , I punch niggas , in the mouth nigga , ur a < PROPFEMALE > bar nigga i'll eat u nigga 
this is a start to a whole new me lol 
broke my fucking finger .. son of a bitch 
fuck 
longest fuck shit day ever haha 
gets to fix two cars today ... sweetness 
lloyds midterm done ... FUCK YES !!!!!!!!! 
Fuck 
snowin but no one wants to go sleddin :( 
pain heals , chicks digg scars , and < PROPFEMALE > is forever 
this world's too much I've swallowed all I could If I could swallow a bottle of tylenol I would , and end it for good 
goin to attempt sledding .... 
fucked up my hip ... no sledding :( 
chili an macarooni is fucking amazing 
i might be the only person i know that still loves snow haha 
look up wonder why , look around an see my brother's die , aint how its supposed to be , 
http://www.formspring.me/tommyboy312 made one this thingss for sum pointless reason 
We come from the land of the ice and snow , From the midnight sun where the hot springs blow . How soft your fields so green , can whisper tales of gore , Of how we calmed the tides of war . We are young overlords . 
You think the people of this country exist to provide you with position . I think your position exists to provide those people with freedom . And I go to make sure that they have it . 
just woke up ... wtf 
how the hell did i miss USA beat Canada's ass 
urbandictionary deffiniton of < PROPFIRST > - A Teenage white kid that has an abnormally large penis usually ranging to 7.5 inches to 8 
Another reason , another cause for me to fight , Another fuse uncovered now , for me to light , My dedication to all that I've sworn to protect , I < PROPFEMALE > out my orders without a regret 
aww shit 
to get respect you must show respect ... FUCK THAT 
fucking bored .. 
but thats all the fun things .... 
attemting to make < PROPMALE > & cheese lol 
2nd degree burns are jus so much fun ... 
Out there in the spotlight , You're a million < PROPMALE > away Every ounce of energy , You try and give away As the sweat pours out your body , Like the music that you play 
You see with your eyes i see destruction and demise corruption in the skies from this fuckin ' enterprise now I'm sucked into your lies 
cars sucks ... 
tired of these lies , jus between u an i , i'd rather die taken two to the chest then bow down lyk all the rest , 
these lies fall from your lips like a thousand potatoe chips ..... i need help 
my big toe is fuckin killin me 
Pain is temporary Pride is forever 
jus loves giant random fucking head aches 
wow fuck my life 
rain rain go away come back another day .... 
got a pull up bar 
fuck you 
\The object of war is not to die for your country but to make the other bastard die for his . ” " 
In peace the sons bury their fathers , but in war the fathers bury their sons . 
deffinitly one of the best days i've had in awhile 
goin to ball 
IT's not how much you give but how much you can take 
the strength of the Pack is the Wolf , and the strength of the Wolf is the Pack . 
A Soldier's Demon In the fog of war Believe me , unfortunately I know ... A lot can happen in an instant In the instant after clear and present danger reveals itself .. Time then slows down , way down You hear bullets and shrapnel whizzing past you in slow motion , As if you could reach and pluck them out of thin air ... the enemy from a friend’s death cry 
It is in this moment that you realize that you may be dead Before your next thought is able to collect itself in your conscience . Your finger reaches for the trigger ... You start shooting before you even aim As if your entire existence depends on firing your weapon You cannot think about anything other than survival . Not your past , not your family , and not your wife and kids .. 
All the training means ABSOLUTELY nothing . No one in your training was willing to die in order to kill you Now you start to see red . Different shades of red . You feel anxious and cosy simultaneously . You feel inside of the whirlpool and yet on the outside of it as well ... YOU FEEL PROFOUND AND SHALLOW AT THE SAME INSTANT ... BRAVE AND COWARDLY AT ONCE ... Right and wrong means nothing ... 
only alive and dead are on your mind . WITH A WICKED DEMON AS YOUR SOLE COMPANION . While you wish for an angel in flight to pass by . As the dust settles you wonder when , how and why Your mind is dull , yet your body could begin to flyIs this the end or just another nightmare that will pass by No telling apart the screams of 
They couldn’t run . They couldn’t hide . All they could do was die . We helped them meet those virgins on their way to the other side 
a wise man once told me fuck bitchs get money 
strong urge to opunch sumthing an i dont know why ... 
makin sum fuckin steak fries 
workin out then wanna go to the beach 
\Every man's life ends the same way . It is only the details of how he lived and how he died that distinguish one man from another . \ " - < PROPMALE > Hemingway " 
Life is war , and every day's a battle to me I'm on the brink of insanity , between extreme intelligence and split personalities But I elevate to the point of reversing gravity Revolutionary conceptuality spitting out of me 
feeling pretty fucking spectacular 
Regard your soldiers as your children , and they will follow you into the deepest valleys ; look on them as your own beloved sons , and they will stand by you even unto death . 
got my hair cut waitin to pick my tux jaunty 
prom was mad fun still havent slept an now i gotta return my tux 
really jus doesn't feel like giving a fuck 
killer headaches 
You always in my heart and that's a beautiful thing like warm air flowin from a beautiful spring But that's some wild shit to do to a < PROPMALE > And maybe some day i'll get used to the sting 
< PROPMALE > chopper gun ship , run shit\ 
Gook run when the mini-gun spit , won't miss , kill shit\ 
Spit four-thousand bullets a minute\ 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > , hit trigger , hit it\ 
I'm in it to win it , get it\ 
The lieutenant hinted the villain , I've ended up killing\ 
I did it , cripple , did it , pictures I painted is vivid , live it 
And Shepherds we shall be\ 
For thee , my Lord , for thee . \ 
Power hath descended forth from Thy hand\ 
Our feet may swiftly < PROPFEMALE > out Thy commands . \ 
So we shall flow a river forth to Thee\ 
And teeming with souls shall it ever be . \ 
In Nomeni Patri Et Fili Spiritus Sancti 
I'm here for the good fight only the fakes run\ 
I'm here for the purple heart , if I cant take one\ 
For my team or my siblings whats my reason for living ? 
work at 530 till od knows < PROPFEMALE > 
excellent day so minus that one thing lol 
beyond tired but cant sleep WAT THE FUCK 
dude today fuckin blows 
Body parts flying , loss of limbs , explosions\ 
Bad intentions , I see my best friend's intestins\ 
Pray to the one above , It's raining and I'm covered in mud\ 
I think I'm dying , I feel dizzy , I'm losing blood\ 
I see my childhood , I'm back in the arms of my mother\ 
I see my whole life , I see Christ , I see bright lights 
Only the dead have seen the end of war- Plato 
today we live for our masters , tomorrow we die for ourselves 
aww shit nigga 
Without a regret . \ 
A declaration , \ 
Embedded deep under my skin . \ 
A permanent reminder , \ 
Of how it began . \ 
No hesitation , \ 
When I am commanded to strike . \ 
You need to know , \ 
That you're living the fight of your life . 
I look up to the stars and all i see is your face i\ 
swear to god its the only thing i'll miss from this place\ 
moving on i look back \ 
cant believe it wish i could take it all back\ 
give me a redo , let me do it right\ 
ight im ready to pay the full price 
only hope you have is to accept the fact that you're already dead . The sooner you accept that , the sooner you'll be able to function as a soldier is supposed to function : without mercy , without compassion , without remorse . All war depends upon it . 
If you like this status I will post something on your wall I like about you . Make this as your status if you want a challenge ... might as well do this shit too 
FUCK MY LIFE 
found a trampoline an set it up ... sweetness 
took about 5 minutes to mess my arm up on my trampoline lol 
Nigga i aint ever scarred 
today was pretty freakin splendiferous lol 
deffinitly forgot how much sunburn sucks 
Before God I swear this creed . My rifle and I are the defenders of my country . We are the masters of our enemy . We are the saviors of my life . 
toy story best movie of all time 
graduation tomorrow FUCK YEA 
You can still get roasted because Marsh is not mellow\ 
Til I'm toppling from the top I'm not going to stop\ 
I'm standing on my Monopoly board\ 
That means I'm on top of my game and it don't stop 
\ Just try not to tear the town in two \"" 
im the increible hulk My clothes rip when i walk i spit when i talk i fuck anything that walks 
Like this \ 
status and I'll tell you what I like , love , hate about you and my first \ 
impression of you . 
always the last man standing 
We touch , I feel a rush , we clutch , it isn't much\ 
\ 
But it's enough to make me wonder what's in store for us\ 
It's lust , it's torturous , you must be a sorceress\ 
Cuz you just , did the impossible , gained my trust 
Nobody knows me , I'm cold , walk down this road all alone\ 
It's noone's fault but my own , it's the path I've chosen to go\ 
Frozen as snow , I show no emotion what so ever , 
today jus straight sucked ... who knows the signs of a hernia ? 
ok , im ready to go play\ 
i got the machete from oj\ 
im ready to make everyones's throat ache\ 
OK , I'M READY TO GO PLAY\ 
ACHE 
today feels like its gunna be a shitty day ... 
See to live is to suffer but to survive well that's to find meaning in the suffering 
Invincibility lies in the defence ; the possibility of victory in the attack . 
It's like an explosion every time I hold ya , wasn't jokin ' when I told ya You take my breath away , you're a supernova 
FUCK 
pain is temporary pride is forever 
tired as hell 
i dont need the swine flu to be a sick pig 
fuck my hand hurts 
sum how has obtained the ability to live without sleep 
run 3 swim 2 
cant drink all day if u dont start in the morning 
when it rains it pours ... 
\></ embed ></ object > " 
Dam 
For it was not into my ear you whispered , but into my heart . It was not my lips you kissed , but my soul 
cant tell you what it really is only how it feels and right now its a steel kniife in my wind pipe 
Love , Loss\ 
Like a bullets path\ 
Tear , Through\ 
The cavity of my chest\ 
Lights , Out\ 
Because the fuse has blown 
working 14 hours tomorrow ... fuck yea 
and the shit piles up higher ... 
i can never fucking sleep 
i just came from a party ... a birthday party ... hahahha happy 18 birthday kid 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > can suck a fat one 
Cowards die many times before their deaths the valiant never taste death but once . 
The Pain I Feel Inside You Know Its Like Im Liven Just To Die I Fall On My Knees And Beg For Mercy . Not Knowing Im Not Worthy Living Life Thinking No Man Can Hurt Me . So Im Asking Before I Lay Me Down To Sleep . Before You Judge Me Look At All The Shit You Did To Me . My Misery I < PROPFEMALE > Up From The Slums . \ 
Made It Out The Flames In My Search For Fame . Will I Change 
im going to college ... 
goin to ohio .. o boy 
jackass 3d whos goin ? 
a wise man once said that you dont get drunk you just get awsome ... 
truth is go fuck your self 
fuck it 
i would think that the ocean would be colder in december , also it to be harder to drift in a fuckin explorer 
16 days left in the dirty jerz 
So here I go it's my shot . \ 
Feet fail me not ' cause this may be the only opportunity that I got 
why is < PROPFIRST > swayze so badass ? 
8 days left nukka 
peace out dirty jerz 
Fuck snow brah 
Fuck ohio 
Gettin my hair cut then findin a bar 
Got that fresh mullet cut 
First class tomorrow can't wait 
One day down 364 more 
Gettin on my shit how it should of been fuck it 
Schools closed which means i don't have to crash my car on the interstate ...... sweet 
Most bad ass movie ever is gladiator 
I think I lyk Ohio lol 
Let's go ravens 
Half time boag 
Let's try that truth is bullshit 
Can't sleep son of a bitch 
\there's layers of retardation that you couldn't imagine \"" 
Boom boom taking niggas out wit da flurry of < PROPMALE > shot 
Safety fuck yes 
6 months <3 
Worst fucking day ever 
yes i loc = ve not sleeping and skyping all night with my beautiful girlfriend =p 
Yea so football in Ohio in the winter in a foot of snow is not a good idea lol 
fucking arm hurts 
Don't be mistaken it's not revenge it's a reckoning 
you know ur in ohio when its 20 out and it feels warm .... 
Feeling so alone and cold right now 
Worst half time ever fucking disgrace 
In the words of one great man .... fuck your couch nigga 
awww shit nigga 
The hairs on your arm will stand up\ 
At the terror in each sip and in each sup\ 
Will you partake off that last offerd cup ? \ 
Or disapear into the putters ground\ 
When the man comes around 
fuck tonight 
Givin blood nigga 
love waking up to a fuckin blizzard outside my door 
seriously thinks i have a roomate from the movie the roomate 
Woke up at 5 drinkin at 7 ? Good day lol 
Fuck today 
47 days 
outtie 
Got busted by the cops .... for playing twister gotta love ohio 
Over the years a lot of people have asked me what love is and I've always said it's never how much jewelry you buy her or buying her flowers or anything else but I was wrong cuz if you over night a meatball hogie to your boyfriend you are obviously in love :D 
Japan got fucked up 
40oz of < PROPMALE > an the movie beer league ? Great start to a birthday 
Cant sleep got her on my mind ... 
St. Patricks Day .... where the fuck is the beer ? 
Only 33 more days :) 
FUCK i dont wanna go to school .... 
Is it bad that 29 degrees has become shorts weather for me ? 
Quitting smoking hello mtn dew an gum 
fuck i cant sleep 
best part about not being able to sleep 3 stooges lol 
Let me introduce myself , I'm < PROPFIRST > grizzly , BITCH 
Only 18 more days until i have her in my arms again <3 
