just finished eating a fabulous dinner made exclusively from items purchased from the farmer's market . 

is at the library , so much cheaper than netflix . 
is having a day that even molten chocolate lava cake can't fix . 
is still not having a good day . 
almost ate my wedding band . 
is getting really tired of hearing about < PROPFIRST > . But its like a train wreck , I can't look away . 
is home resting from a week long sojourn into UUism . 
wants a new job . 
is laughing my ass off . My dog just tried to attack my laptop . I was playing a flash game with an angry cat as one of the sound effects . She started barking and chasing her tale , then lunged full body into a sniff attack on the laptop . She's still look 
is flipping off her laptop . It took me two hours to find a reliable source to watch \True Blood\ " online for free and the friggin modem takes a crap all over my happy little efforts for cheap entertainment . " 
is being tickled by husband 
has 66 notifacations for not checking her facebook in over a week . 
is really looking forward to one last week as a severely underpaid photographer . I'm so excited to start my new job ! 
feels really positive and hopeful after a long three months of serious money stress . 
Someone pitch me ! I'm going to see my brother and AFI backstage all on my birthday ! 
Does anyone need a job ? My one good associate cracked under the pressure and i'm desparate for help . Must be good with kids and likes taking pictures and be able to pass a background check . grrrrrrrr 
is suffering from molten chocolate cake overdose and is being publically cuddled by husband in a coffee shop . 
in search of new years activity cuz my dumb ass forgot to make plans ... 
SHE KICKED ! WE HAVE A CONFIRMED KICK , BOTH < PROPFIRST > AND I FELT IT ! SHE KICKED REALLY HARD , TOO ! 
very frightened . Just watched a you tube video of child birth . Is it too late to opt out ? I mean , does it really happen like that ? Oh god , please someone tell me its really not that scary ... 
Let it Snow ! If the Walmart in West Mifflin cannot restore its power , I don't have to go to work today ! I have no < PROPFEMALE > to drag my pregnant self out in this crap . 
So , I'm working on the baby's room , which is at the front of the house , when I hear a knock at the door . Right away I know its someone who has never been here before or someone who is expected . For those who don't know , I have an inner door and an outer door . Anyone expected would have rang the door < PROPFEMALE > cuz you can't hear a knock unless your in front . I open the door to a couple of well dressed Mormons . cont .. 
cont , read post below first ... I'm a bit stunned cuz of next to Scientalogy , I found the practices of Mormons to be utterly ridiculous . Then suddenly a collarless and angry < PROPFEMALE > comes racing around the corner head long into them , teeth bared , and seriously growling . I grabbed a tuff of her fur just in time , quickly informed the Mormons that I could not hold her , and that she would bite them . They ran away . 
I'm not doing anything ... for once . 
Spending the day couch surfing . The whole phrase ' barefoot and pregnant ' takes on a new meaning when your feet are so swollen none of your shoes fit . 
I think I need my head checked . Yesterday , I had an appeal for a traffic ticket . I was all geared up to state my case when the judge dismissed the case cuz the officer failed to show up . I should be happy , right ? I won . Here's the kicker , though . Instead of being happy , I'm pissed off that the cop didn't bother to show up . Someone please just tell me its the hormones cuz otherwise I'm nuts . 
baby update : I'm taking bets . Original due date June 4th . But she's hanging really low , so Doc now says she'll prolly come early . Maybe May 25th . 
What do you get when you combine a size 13 foot in steel toed boots , a dog who loves to trip people , and a laptop on the floor ? Answer : Half a laptop . So until ffurther notice , i only have my phone to check facebook with . 
Ugh , trying to do complex web seaches on my phone is so frustrating ! Can anyone tell me the next and closest tour date for < PROPFEMALE > cooper and < PROPMALE > zombie ? I must go to that show ! 
baby update . Unless i naturally go into labor , i am going to be electively induced either thursday or tuesday . 
Correction , if i do not go into labor naturally i will be induced on friday in the afternoon . 
Baby update . I'll find out when i'm being induced some time tonight . 
So unless the full < PROPFEMALE > causes some massive craziness tomorrow , I'm being induced tomorrow at 5AM ! 
No baby yet . Full < PROPFEMALE > caused massive births and they pushed me back . Have no idea at this point when this child will come out . 
In hospital wwith all kinds of monitors and needles . And contractions suck ! 
We have a beautiful baby girl ! Serenity < PROPFEMALE > joined our world at 12:15 am weighing a fabulous 8lb 6.4 oz and sporting a length of 21in ! She has wavy dark brown hair and blue eyes ( which i hope she keeps ) . All ten fingers and toes present . Pictures to come later . 
We are doing well . Get to go home tomorrow . 
Looking forward to bringing Serentity home . 
Really miss having a computer 
Awesome news ! My brother is coming to town ! Oh and we also get to go back stage at the mayhem tour . 
A very close friend has passed on Sunday , I miss him so much . I always thought I had more time . We love you , < PROPMALE > . And we will see you again . 
Thank you all for your birthday wishes . 
Contemplating chocolate pudding ... 
Call it a fluke but we like Serenity just said her first word . \Dada\ " She repeated four times on command ! " 
looking forward to attempting to cook thanksgiving dinner . noy forward to working to working black friday . 
and apparently i can't spell tonight 
Playing apples to apples with my friends . So stuffed ! 
apparently being closed isn't good enough , customers really expect you to service them anyway 
Eating primanti bros for the first time . Been in pittsburgh over 3 years . 
Ive always wanted to take up sewing 
There is something visually off about a man in his 90s wearing a lime green < PROPMALE > hardy hoodie , high water pants , and argyle socks with < PROPFEMALE > loafers 
Lonely at work this time of year , no one wants pictures . Rejeation city sucks . 
ugh migraine from hell 
It beautiful outside . Its not very often that you can watch glitering snow flakes fall thru rays of sunshine . 
Still have a headache please shoot me 
Ugh 
Really miss my baby girlies . \ 
-Joy 
Only an hour and a half left and i'm outta here . \ 
At Bravo italiano for a family dinner nite out . 45min wait . But the reviews are good so i hope its worth the wait . \ 
Bravo was nice , worth the wait . \ 
* grumble * saturdays can be a drag . 12 hours straight of walmart is the most i can take . \ 
Maybe i come from a different generation but the only man that can get away with calling me baby and hun and sweetheart is joe ! \ 
Just got called into work to cover someone else . This really sucks . I'm just getting over the worse migraine and was looking forward to relaxing . \ 
I really tweaked my back yesterday . Leaving work early and going to the doctors . \ 
I have sprained my back ( insert inappropriate joke here ) . 
Took serenity to < PROPMALE > e cheese for the first time . 
At urgent care . Fell on wet floor and twisted arm . 
At cheeseburgher blow , not sure whose louder < PROPFIRST > ( steelers ) or < PROPFEMALE > ( packers) ! Its going to be a good game . 
< PROPFEMALE > win the super bowl bingo ! 
Just used SoundHound to find Fields of Gold by Sting from Ten Summoner's Tales . http://www.soundhound.com/?t=ea9733324b2a746d9b273b7a8904753b 
So full after dinner 
