has learned the meaning of New Years day , recovering from New Years < PROPFEMALE > . 

is starting to raise an eyebrow at a dear old Chancellor /= | 
has never before witnessed any twit with worst timing than her . I mean come on , why now of all the bloody times in the world ? 
Wow , already time for another three hour drive in the dead of night . Well , who doesn't like midnight to early morning driving . 
is highly amused . Only a couple of days till the wheat crop comes in lol . 
has come to the understanding that there will never be a nice , relaxing three day weekend while in Saginaw . /= \\ 
Ah Hahaha , man , these past few days have been just absolute peaches , peaches from Hell that were not even fit for < PROPFEMALE>'s table . 
does not like looking at thw world at five in the bloody morning . >=/ 
really does not find joy in rising at five in the morning and not sleeping till three the following morning on the behalf of work . 
What , in all of God's good names , am I doing up at seven in the bloody morning \\= / 
Ah how sad , children should truly learn how to avoid having kids of their own . 
ok so perhaps hiking around out in hilly country right after eating a nice greasy burger , fries and a malt just is not the best thing to do at four in the afternoon . 
loves how a 5 hour shift can suddenly turn into an 11 hour one . 
weary , tired and a little teary eyed . 
Haha the glories of life , I don't have to go into work till 8 am tomorrow , much better than 6 . =) 
ah back to the night shifts . What glorious ventures the night shall bring . 
just had his ass saved tonight . Ah thank God for those little blond women . 
Ah 19 rounds around the Sun and yet I still am tempted to forget about the future so that I might indulge in the present . What youthful thinking . 
Ah the glories of matchmaking . Who woulda guess she'd say sure ? 
Hahahaha , ah , me and the truck get to be reunited later today =) it's like I'm sixteen again . 
is rarely leaned towards anger , but some nights know just how to tick you off . >=/ 
Ah hahaha , I nearly forgot , for every terrible event there can always be found one that makes up for it ten fold . Never forget to search for the light around you . =) 
really hates the way he is reminded that his house is dominated by women . 
Wow , District 9 was a bit more than I seriously expected . Awesome movie . 
It's been a long time since I've been this disturbed . Why in all of God's good names did they have to choose that particular time to pull up ? 
has returned to College Station . 
is back in the kitchen . 
ah the first day of school tomorrow with nothing but bio and nutrition till Tuesday , thank the lord . 
is now very irritated . 
Haha , what better way to spend a night than learning all about < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > . 
wonders when it suddenly became contreversial for a president to tell kids to stay in school ? 
Horrah for animal nutrition tests . < PROPFEMALE > be to that which no one really pays attention to . 
well it's official , I can no longer claim any affection for OWL . 
has never been to such an easy chem lab , if only there were more of them . 
17hrs till an oh so wonderful O-Chem test . 
so , i just got home from work , had to walk , now i have a bio test in five and a half hours after which i have to write up a organic chem lab report after which i have a bloody pre-vet meeting . And after all of this i get to close again on thursday only to take nutrition test on friday . Maybe i'll get some sleep saturday after work . 
I am tired and kinda worn out , yet I can't help but grin at the weekend . 
has been beaten , torn , sullied and worn(too literally ) , and still has a freakin 8am class in 3 hours . 
Alkene reactions and O-chem tests can just go to hell 
time to settle in for a night of bio and o-chem lab . Ah the joys of college 
Haha to think , I may be getting a roomy next year . 
really just does not like the animal kingdom anymore . 
haha , yea I still got it . 
Ok , so apprently women still like to call you at random times at night to talk about life in general ... note taken . 
Ah , work till two and wake up at seven , what a glorious life . 
Ah , it's always amusing to go out to drink at bars . 
if anyone could get me the names of those damn twits that invented OWL homework for o-chem , that would be just lovely . 
Not even a full day back in Saginaw and already I am being reminded how easily things can fly right under my nose without me being suspicious in the slightest . Ah , what a tragedy to look at opportunities passed . Still 3 more days to go . =\\ 
On the road again . 
really is not impressed with O-Chem lab at the moment 
shall be back on the roads within the hour . Oh the < PROPFEMALE > of night driving . 
Haha God I love Taken 
just learned how one may be ambushed by text messages . 
and so he walked forth into a room of sorrow and pain , looking down upon an organic chemistry test that took a semester to forge . 
And thus it was over . 
Oh < PROPMALE > Bay , why hath thou forsaken the land which I am bound to 
shall be back in Saginaw by roughly around midnight . Ah , just in time for the < PROPFEMALE > of the < PROPFEMALE > of Christmas 
finally got a new phone . 
startin on his northward journey . 
has finally seen the light of his ultimate dream . Love may not soon come to my door step but the right to practice medicine shall not soon be denied to me now ! 
I really bloody well hate when logic flies in the face of my stubborn will . 
just turned his f'ing day around . Score !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
is fluctuating 
quote of my day , \Don't look at my butt . \ " Thanks for the snap back to reality from the radio crazy stammering women . " 
tonight study organic chemistry and entomology , tomorrow drive , work then study some more . Oh what a truly grand weekend . 
I think I just remembered why I'm not fond of subway . 
shall not soon waiver in his resolve , even if it means inviting the anger of others . 
turkey , < PROPFEMALE > oat bread and those wierd sun chips are henceforth banned from my apartment . 
haha never would have guessed the chasm between animal rights and animal welfare 
ah done with school by ten , home by one , kinda tipsy by twelve , gotta love this friday . 
hahaha , and thus spring break was slightly spent studying , what an interesting flip 
Great food , great company , great night . 
back to college station , back to reality 
Ah the glories of dealing with dumbasses that apprently don't realize that you need to make wide turns when hauling a F'ing boat . 
Hazaa , the meds have stopped working and the pain has returned ! 
really gotta love those talks about how life is gonna screw you in a few weeks and about how it will probably screw you in a few years . 
Ah what I'd give only for twenty four hours from now . 
and thus exams were over 
really needs some good news right about now . 
Ah when shall my enigma be solved ? When shall the reason for her smile be illuminated ? 
There but for the grace of you go I . 
and i think to myself , what a wonderful world . 
hazaa for wearing scrubs . What glorious days at the clinic . 
oh how I miss those three weeks . 
ah , can't wait for monday 
Just about twenty more hours till my day off . Ah I can just smell the rum around the corner . 
Beware , tumors tend to spurt out large amounts of blood 
12 days left 
I believe I just saw a commercial advertising infedelity . 
ah if only i could suture legs all day 
well , i'm old 
i think i need to open a < PROPFEMALE > office 
off to college station tomorrow . 
by god if they took my records i'll hunt them all down 
well i'd say FML certainly covers this one 
another day off tomorrow , why oh why does relaxation have to come at such heavy prices ? 
And thus ended any respect left for fox news left in the world . 
and so it begins again . 
math just isnt as fun as i remember 
I think my dream catcher needs to be cleaned out 
I think I may have to start a coup at work . \\= / 
I really hate wet , old , decaying organic matter . 
is apparently a hopeless romantic . 
HAZAA , I finally found out why specintomycin affects the subunit r-protein 30S during translation and not the subunit r-protein 50S . To think it all has to due with lipopolysaccharides and peptidoglycan and not any ribosomal pathway or structure . And if you understood any of this well then , you probably need a few drinks too . 
ha the night started off with someone asking me where I was from due to my apparent accent and ended with a mug of lemon rum with dragons , is there anything more lovely than that ? 
nap , then test , then quiz , then nap 
test , work , test , homework , long nap 
just 6 more hours till i hit the road 
I saw a shooting < PROPFEMALE > and , for the first time , I didn't know what to wish for . 
I do believe I have been dumped without so much as a long distant phone call . 
I'd give a damaged left arm for just one more credit hour . 
Huh , I knew it , urban living is bad for your mind . 
and now on to those damn enuch lovers haha . 
off work early , well kinda . 
ah , it feels pretty damn good to be in saginaw with my couch 
ah shoppin on black friday ... 
why am i bloody well taking care of drunk people over twice my age ? 
I shall never step into another chem lab again ! 
ah my soul aches , not for someone but for something 
I've been studying amino acids for the past 2 hours , I now believe it is time to study the alcohol functional groups in rum and vodka . 
By god , being in an ER is one of the most boring places on earth . 
and so begins my four day vacation 
Bah , my hatred of people seems only to swell when I am at work . 
ha the heater is finally getting to run in my apartment , meaning im living in 50 degree waether . I think i need thicker socks to remain comfortable . 
I need something more than fast food tonight . 
