Does my kid cry when she gets a shot ? NO . Cuz she's a badass ! :) 

No one wants to come to our house and party ! :( 
Facebook is confusing 
What luck ! The neighbors under us smoked outside and the smell came into our apartment . Well , they moved out and now the NEW neighbors smoke outside as well ! 
Just got done bawling my eyes out after watching the season finale of \16 and Pregnant \"." 
Just went to a huge baby thrift store convention , got some things for my bay bay ! 
Payday ! I wish we got paid this much EVERY check ! 
Last day of work is August 16th ! I'm done with making Frappucinos !! 
MADE AN OFFER ON A HOUSE TONIGHT ! THE FIRST OFFER ON THE HOUSE AND WE OFFERED THE FULL ASKING PRICE ! I HOPE WE GET IT ! 
< PROPFEMALE>'s Asian Chicken is soooo good but so expensive . 
Gotta make sacrifices if I wanna be a stay-at-home mom . But I wont be one forever ! 
Has the best maintenance at my apartment ! 
Jaelyn climbed on the side of an empty shopping cart and the whole thing fell on her ! She's OK though :) 
Probably wont be getting a house before the tax credit but that's ok . The market is still really good and God will find us the perfect first home when he knows we are ready . 
Might go to a Slipknot concert 13 days before my due date !!! AHAHAH !! I'm crazy . 
I'm saving so much money by printing coupons online ! 
Gahhhhhhhhh I'm so \hormonal\ " !!! I guess it gets worse towards the end . " 
So I go and open the dumpster at my apartments and there's a bunch of FLATTENED cardboard boxes in there . Might I add that the recycling bin is RIGHT NEXT to the dumpster . They couldn't put the cardboard in the recycling bin ??? That just pisses me off . 
That was F*ed up what just happened at the VMA's! Poor < PROPFIRST > Swift :( 
I don't have a cell phone anymore just to let everybody know ! 771 3176 is no longer !! House phone is 314 6135 mmmm < PROPFEMALE > ? :) 
GREAT ... another Halo game .... I just lost my husband for the next 3 months lol . 
Jaelyn got her first shot in a loooooong time today and she did SO good I couldn't believe it ! I was so proud of her . I bought her this spinning lollipop toy . I love her <3 
Exactly ONE month until my due date ! I BETTER go early , I can't wait that long ! 
Been married for two years as of today ! It feels like it's been 10 , LOL ! 
I've seen every Saw movie in the theater lol 
I feel like < PROPFEMALE > from Family Guy ! 
Well , here I go . Please wish me a an easy labor , I'm so nervous ! 
Signed over 100 papers on the house and will get the keys on Monday ! 
< PROPFIRST>'s Carpets sucks . Carpet < PROPFIRST > is a jerk lol . 
We are homeowners ! Got a lot to do in there before we can move in ( carpets , paint ) . We have so many ideas for updating it in the future . Can't wait ! 
Just bought a bad-ass fridge ! 
I didn't know people could come to your house to fix your T.V. 
Just went a whole day without watching T.V. Surprised I'm not dead . Can I make it another day ? 
Thankful for family members helping us with buying a house , a healthy family , a HARD working husband , and my educaton . 
I am full of love today :) 
Went to a bikini barista espresso stand today with the family lol . 
What can I eat that's healthy when I have a sugar craving ? 
It's not Christmas time without < PROPMALE > Christmas music ! 
My washing machine is on crack . 
Need .............. More ............... RAM !! 
No more heater for us , $210 for a month !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
It's so funny how you can be friends with someone on here but not real life .. and you'll probably never < PROPFEMALE > out with them ... hmmm . But it's still fun ! 
pink 
So happy we found a park close to our house . We do have to drive there but it's better than nothing ! 
Waaaaaaaaaaaaaa ... got pulled over because my tags were expired :( I was shaking , it was scary . 
I am now one of the 45 million that doesn't have health insurance :( 
OMG Jaelyn brougt a < PROPFEMALE > to me and asked me if I could move her shirt so she can \see these\ " pointing to her boobs !! Ahhhhhhhhhh !!!! " 
Just saw Ninja Assassin and was drooling the whole time ! Mmmmm shirtless Asian guys .... tehehehe 
how the heck am I too big for Juniors but too small for plus size ? Where the heck am I supposed to get clothes ?? 
The batteries in my wireless mouse died and I don't have anymore so I'm doing everything by keyboard !! Waaaa ! 
Happy 3-Month Birthday < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Making shrimp and asparagus tempura . My first time deveining shrimp ! 
Happy February Everyone ^_^ 
My baby was conceived one year ago today . Err ... tonight lol . 
OMG our ceiling fan hasn't worked since we moved in , < PROPMALE > tinkered with it the other day but it still didn't work . Well this evening when I walked into the living room the thing was spinning at full speed all by itself !! SOOOO creepy !!! 
Quiet , shy , but very cute once you get to know her 
Learning a dance is hard :( 
Most of our tax return is going to pay off debt but then we will be debt free and gonna keep it that way ! 
So happy with myself for taking my girls on a walk around the neighborhood . Now I just need to keep it up ! 
I got a job lol ! Gonna clean the bathrooms and office at < PROPMALE>'s work once a week . 
< PROPMALE > made me a freakin delicious omlette for < PROPFIRST > s day and he's gonna do some things around the house that I've been bugging him to do . Now that is what < PROPFIRST>'s day is all about . 
How did I live my life without DVR ?????????????? 
The 8-year old neighbor girl came over to play today and she told me she wishes I was her mom because I'm nice . That makes me sad that she doesn't like her mom :( 
Filling out an online application for Starbucks ... blahhhh work .. 
Just had my first Twinkie ... what's so great about them ??? 
I love dumping out all the expired food/condiments in the fridge :) 
One of the best movies ever made : The Chipmunk Adventure 
yay , I got my job back ... 
Nooooooooooooooo !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! My vote didn't count :( 
My little girl is 3 1/2 today ! I can't freakin believe it :( 
I'm drinking my coffee black right now because we ran out of half n half . O_O 
I have the WORST anxiety I've EVER had in my life right now . Now I know what people with anxiety disorders feel like . :( 
I need a Xanax NOW 
I'm sleeping in all day today ..... 
My baby is sick AGAIN . I think she has a UTI :( 
Took < PROPFEMALE > to the Urgent Care Clinic last night at 1 because her temperature was really LOW after spiking a fever of 102 the previous day . I just knew something was wrong with her . She has a terrible bladder infection and needed antibiotic shots right away . She's feeling SO much better this morning ! I'm so relieved ! 
I need a hug :( 
I took the grill off of the wall heater in our room and there was a key hidden in there ! I wonder what the previous owners were hiding ... 
OMG I just took a walk around the block and < PROPFIRST > lyn always walks right behind me . Well I heard a loud car coming up behind me slowly , when I turned around to look at < PROPFIRST > , the < PROPFIRST > sped off and < PROPFIRST > told me the guy waved at her ! I am so creaped out .. 
I'm watching Dancing With The Stars for the first time cuz < PROPFEMALE > is on it .. I like Niecy too :) 
We wont get our tax return till late April ... Grrrrrrrrrrrrrr need .... money ............... 
Did some yard work today in my new house :) Pine needles suck ! 
< PROPFEMALE > rolls onto her stomach and then cries because she doesn't like being on her stomach ... what a difficult baby lol ! 
Jaelyn either broke or sprained her wrist !! Dad is taking her to the Urgent Care Clinic now . :( I'll update when I get one . No more standing on chairs for her ! 
My grandma is giving us $1000 for a new stove ( ours is broken) !!!! We are SO blessed ! 
I'm in the middle of a snow storm ( In central Oregon hehe) !! 
Bought a BUNCH of new clothes today .... for my kids !!! I think I like shopping for them more than for me ! 
We're off to the hospital to see if < PROPFEMALE > has something wrong with her kidneys/bladder . My poor baby ! I will update when we get home :( 
Buying meat at a discount and freezing it is ADDICTING !!! 
Run Devil Devil Run Run ! 
Off to a new church this morning ! I hope we like it and I hope < PROPFEMALE > is a good girl for the nursery . 
Here come the allergies :( My only symptoms are EXTREMELY itchy nose and sneezing . 
My husband thought sample paint was free ... 5 free paint cans later .... LOL 
Dutch Bros . Has $1 coffee today if you bring your own cup . Kinda late , sorry :) 
Painting our bedroom today . No more sea green !!!!!!!!! 
Went to the Home and Garden Idea Fair at the < PROPMALE > County Fairgrounds . After about 30 minutes Jaelyn said : \I don't want my < PROPFEMALE > anymore\ " and then PUKED on the floor in one of the exibits . Scared the crap out of me . So we went home and when we were almost there she puked a ton more all over herself and I only had a couple paper towels so it got all over . My poor little girl is so sick ! She is miserable . " 
My body just shuts down when I have anxiety :( 
Yay ! Hubby got a raise ! 
OMG someone please shoot me . 
HAPPY MAY !!!!!!! My baby is 6 months now ! 
My hubby let me sleep in , and when I woke up , the house was clean . Even mopped ! Thats all I wanted for Mother's Day :) 
Bought < PROPMALE > a pair of sweatpants for his birthday ... a couple washes later , became my sweatpants . lol . 
My only friends are on Facebook :( 
I just walked 2 < PROPMALE > for some COFFEE . 
OMG I need a BREAK from my 3-year old . I just want to let out a huge scream ! And < PROPFEMALE > is being SO fussy today . I think she has an ear infection . 
I want to be on the Newlywed Game but we've been married too long :( 
Whatever happend to the good old-fashioned ice cream trucks . Now it's just a nasty old < PROPFIRST > with stickers and a creepy driver . 
I just need to get used to the fact that my husband is going to be a sports FANATIC for the rest of our lives because he's not going to change :( 
PISSED that I have to sit in a room for 5 hours and listen on how to do the job that I already do on this freakin nice day ! AT LEAST I get paid for it ... 
Why does it take me all day to clean two bathrooms ? 
Ewwwwwwwww there is a dead cat in our yard !!!! 
Trying to convince my husband to get his ear(s ) pierced . It's so hot !! 
Wow . The old Sailor < PROPFEMALE > wands that I saved and have let Jaelyn play with and beat up are worth over $100 each on ebay ! Damn I shouldn't have taken them out of the box and let my kids play with them lol . 
I wish I had a referee in my marriage ! LOL 
Yessssssssss . Jaelyn lost her voice , maybe she wont talk as much .... :) 
sigh ... nba finals ..... sigh ........... 
OMG I just FREAKED OUT when Rain won the badass award at the MTV Video Music Awards . My hubby thinks I'm phycho ! 
Being uninsured sucks when you have to go to the doctor :( All my hard earned money .... :( 
I'm being neglected by the Lakers :( 
OMG I pulled a muscle in my neck BAD from sneezing !! I can barely move my neck , I hope it's not serious ! 
allergies and incontinence don't mix :( 
Mom , I love you but you drive me NUTS when you come over ... 
Made my own Starbucks Green Iced Tea . Tastes exactly the same and I saved a million dollars . So proud of myself :) 
Both of my older kids are in California with their grandma for at least a week if not more . Yay ! On another note , I slept in till 2:30 today ... WTF !?!?! 
Just made a frozen mararita in my Magic Bullet ! :) 
Hot Topic you need to sew your buttons on better !! This is like the 3rd item where the buttons have come off after a couple washes !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Anyone know how to sew a button back on ? ^_ ~ 
Really ? There's a group of kids outside my house lighting small fireworks .. The oldest kid who is lighting the fireworks looks to be 10 ... Come on parents ... 
Off to the mall to spend my $50 check on tank tops :) 
Wow Washington , you stooped to a whole new low by raining in July . 
Sad . We have a whole check with no bills to pay so we are going to use it to pay a credit card :( I want to go out to eat dangit !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > has her 3rd UTI . I can't take her in till Monday . My poor baby girl . :( 
We climbed on the roof to watch the fireworks in my neighborhood :) 
Man I wanna be on Wipeout SO BAD ! 
I'm sorry but the cast of this seasons Real World disgusts me . 
The feeling of driving really fast after being stuck in traffic for 30 minutes . 
I <3 My Pastor :) 
I now have my own customized drink at Starbucks . ^_^ \ 
\ 
Iced < PROPFEMALE > Macchiato with Vanilla Bean Powder instead of syrup . Yummmm . 
I felt something crawling on me so I went to swipe it off but squished it instead and it was a spider ! I had spider juice on my arm . It was so disgusting ! 
Last nights activity explained ! After we heard the noise last night < PROPMALE > looked out the front window and saw some kids in the street talking with our next door neighbor . So today he went over there to talk to him and found out that the parents had left to go camping for a couple days and left their teenage daughter alone . 
Hoping to buy a Mazda CX-9 in 2012 ! We just have to < PROPFEMALE > in there in my small-ass Tempo for 2 years . 
The neighbor kids are so rude ! As soon as you open the garage they come in and start playing with our stuff . 
Community garage sale in my neighborhood tomorrow , woo hoo !! 
OMG I just applied for a job !! Its 7-11 PM Mon-Fri in Clackamas . Data Entry . 
Printers that wont print when ONE ink cartridge is empty = LAME 
Why do all the computer repair shops in the area have ' geek ' or ' nerd ' in their title !?! eg . \Geeks In Khakis\ " \ " Geek Squad\ " \ " Nerds On Call\ " \ " Free Geek\ " \ " Rent-A-Geek\ " . Mine would be called \ " Sexy Girl Computer Repair\ " LOL !!!!!!!!! Ya right . " 
I told the neighbor girl not to ride our tricycle and she just stared at me .... like she didn't understand . lol 
Am I the only one who doesn't look forward to teeth-brushing time ?? 
Bad Girls Club !!! It's gonna be a goooood season ! 
Oops 
Now it's time to DANCE . R U Ready ? 
Anyone know of an affordable portrait studio in Vancouver ? Olan Mills closed when KMart did :( 
I freaking LOVE my kids !!!!!!! 
Funny Korean song title of the day : Beautiful Hangover 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > rgarita time ! 
I just made Hamburger Helper with half n half because we're out of milk .. Eeek ! 
I would do anything for a Bed Bath and Beyond 20% off coupon right now . My husband threw the latest one away and I'm buy a $180 bed set tomorrow ! 
OMG I feel so stupid . 
Today is a \the kids are annoying the crap out of me\ " day . " 
Anyone know where they would sell back scratchers ????? It's like a long stick with a hand on the end so you can scratch your back yourself . 
Tempted to get a Toys R Us credit card and buy all the toys :) 
OMG I was watching the Nickelodeon Mega Music Fest which is a live kids music show , and someone dressed in a cheese costume totally RAN over a kid in the isle !! I will post a video if one ever gets uploaded ! Poor kid ! 
Happy Birthday to my little 4-year-old !! 
Redneck dinner tonight ! Frozen lasagne , < PROPMALE > n cheese , tater tots , and pepsi ! lol The day before payday . 
I just bought 5 cans of this special formula on ebay for about $10 a can when they normally cost $22 a can . Woo Hoo go me ! 
Just got spit-up-sneezed on . 
Maximum The Hormone 
< PROPFEMALE > was PLAYING IN THE TOILET !!! So disgusting . 
16 and Pregnant Season 3 !!!!!!!! I guess they didn't watch the first season lol . 
OK , I officially don't like 4-year olds . What happened to my sweet little angel ? :( 
I'm sorry but \Grin And Bear It\ " Is a terrible name for a Dentist . " 
I was browsing around in < PROPMALE>'s Gifts today with all three girls , I look over and see < PROPFEMALE > wandering over to the adult section and I freak out cuz I forgot all about that being there lol !!!! 
Night Owls Unite ! 
today is a binary day 
Can anyone recommend a good car repair shop here in the ' Couve ? Did I just say couve ????????? 
Happy 3-year anniversary to me :) And we found out we got our house a year ago too . \ 
Gonna go eat and have drinks at Big < PROPMALE>'s . And bowl of course :) 
Ahh energy , why must you thrive at 10:00 at night !?! Come back in the morning ! 
redneck dinner tonight : < PROPMALE > n cheese mixed with chili ... 
So why is bread bad again ? I had 4 bagels today ... 
Had my Internet and TV shut off all day . I literally ... almost died .... I was THIS close . 
Man , I should have been a doctor . < PROPFEMALE > has exactly what I thought : strep throat and an ear infection . It is very rare for a baby under 2 to get strep throat but she def has it . Here is a quote from the doctor \her throat is pretty messed up \"." 
Grrr I bought some new earrings size 14 and can't get them to poke through the other side . Any ideas ? 
I have Delayed Sleep Phase Syndrome !! Woo Hoo ! 
Went shopping at Whole Foods for the first time today but only bought food for my kids . I would kill to be able to do all of my grocery shopping there .... 
There's mice in my house !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! OMG what do I do !?!? Daddy ! 
Thinking of hosting a foreign exchange student sometime in the future ! From KOREA of course !! :) 
Celebrated < PROPFEMALE>'s birthday a little early . Check out the pics ! 
I just watched about 20 minutes of iCarly .... BY MYSELF !!! 
\Eww she perioded on herself ! \ " - Children's Hospital " 
< PROPFEMALE > Palin called me . 
Need to make a < PROPMALE > dump run but don't want to pay for it ! Its gonna a lot !! Now I know why people illegally dump their crap . 
What a freakin ' gorgeous day !!! 
I do not like this new smaller text ... 
WHY do I always forget to use my coupons !?!? 
That mouse was living in the MATTRESS of our hide-a-bed !!!!!!!!!!!!! As soon as I unfolded the bed , mouse poop fell all over the floor and it smelled of mouse pee !! How disgusting ! 
Anybody want a Dance Dance Universe 3 game and mat for Xbox 360 ? 
I have the WORST gas today , uhg !! 
Only my kid spits up her food then eats it .... 
Can I borrow someones cat ? We have mice . 
cant . get off . ebay .......... 
There should be a law where you have NO bills in December . 
Going to Toys R Us with just me and the baby . Wish me luck ! 
My husband is at the Ducks game . 50 yard line seats , whatever that means lol . An early Christmas present from my uncle . 
We called Direct TV to cancel our service for a few months so we could get caught up on < PROPMALE > s and save a bit and they offered to take $30 off our < PROPMALE > for the next 6 months just so they could keep us as customers . Thank you Direct TV you guys are awesome ! 
Aww crap I bought my husband the wrong coffee mug on ebay . I guess he'll be getting two Lakers tumblers ... 
Unique Imports in the mall was playing k-pop and I was singing along :) 
Do you have to pull over when an emergency vehicle is in the other < PROPFIRST > ? 
Leaving for the Seahawks game soon ! They're playing < PROPMALE>'s other favorite team the Panthers ! Thank you to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Meter for watching the kids ALL day !! 
It's so frustrating when your hairstylist doesn't cut your hair the way you want it . I've never had the haircut that I want because they never do it right . I even bring in a picture ! 
Why do I ALWAYS get sick right before my work week starts ?! I have the flu !!!! 
I KNEW using rat poison to kill the mice was a last resort but I did it anyway ... Now we're stuck with rotting mouse corpse smell in our kitchen for a couple of weeks ... ( They're dead behind the cabinets ) . 
Anyone know if < PROPFIRST > Swift music is appropriate for a 7/8 year old ? 
Kinect rocks my socks ! :) 
All I want for Christmas is a pair of jeans that stay on !!!!!!!!!!! 
SO excited to be hosting Christmas at my house this year ! 
Trying to get off Zoloft to see if it helps me not be exhausted all the time but I have to overcome the \brain zaps\ " . It feels like my brain is being struck by lightning . " 
I have so many desserts in my fridge . Someone please come eat them ! :) 
O . M . G ............ the Kinect console thing just moved ... Its a robot !! I hate robots ! That freaked me out so bad ... 
I am going to start a new diet plan in January but I have no idea where to start and what to eat :/ 
I don't care , I'm turning all the heaters on ! 
Jaelyn said I was a boy because my armpits were hairy . 
My freakin goodness .... two whole days to set up our wireless router ... I thought I was better than that :( 
Beer .............. Other people better be doing this < PROPFIRST > ! :) 
OMG I was waiting in the customer service line with my kids to pick up my check and was having a conversation with the guy in front of me ( about 60 years old ) . After he was done he handed me $5 dollars and said he wanted me to have it . I'm like \why !?!? \ " Then he just walked off . WTH ?!?! " 
Why am I so weird ? :( 
I came across a condition called ' Avoidant Personality Disorder ' . Oh my goodness it describes me perfectly ! 
I need the curling iron that gives you beach waves . 
Woo Hoo ! Lost 10 lbs in a month JUST by eating healthy ! 
My husband has been coloring a big picture of Tinker < PROPFEMALE > by himself for an hour now ... Uhm ?? 
To celebrate < PROPFIRST>'s Day , change your profile picture to you and your spouse/partner . Married since October 2007 . 
< PROPMALE > brought me an Edible Arrangement today at work . So sweet ! :) 
I have the flu AGAIN .... Uhhhh ! 
Gonna be up all night taking a test :( 
Jaelyn just puked and now she all giggly and smiles . WTH ?!?!?! 
There are two huge raccoons in our backyard ! I think they're living under the deck ! How do we get rid of em' ? 
I feel awful today . What the heck is wrong with me !?! My body aches so bad and I haven't been hungry all day . :( 
They just said ' sexy ' in a commercial on < PROPMALE > Jr. ... Grrr 
OMG I just cut my finger really bad . Stupid butternut squash !!!! 
I cannot find a freakin wine thats not too bitter or too sweet . Grrrrr . 
Sucks there's only ONE Asian market left in Vancouver . And its out of the way . 
I CANNOT make a friggin left turn . I either cut someone off or wait forever for the car to go straight . * sigh * . 
Oh no ! My country Japan hit by 8.8 mag earthquake ! Please keep safe Japan . 
Oh my goodness ! I'm sitting , watching TV and < PROPFEMALE > is playing with her toy on the floor in front of me when all of a sudden she starts choking and vomiting . I'm thinking \what on earth could she be choking on ?! \ " Finally a thick sticker came out . I'm shaking so bad right now :( " 
That's what I get for giving < PROPFEMALE > a bath right after she ate lunch ... 
Oh my goodness it's SO much harder dancing in heels .. I don't think I can do it :( 
I just farted in my husbands face :) 
Congrats to my little brother who now has a degree in Computer Engineering ! Love you < PROPFIRST > ! 
Some people just don't have any morals 
Spending my whole check @ KidKonsignNW !! Can't wait ! 
< PROPFEMALE > just choked again ... on a piece of cantaloupe .. :( It's terrifying being a mom . 
QUIZ : My mouth is all cut up . What did I eat ? 
Uhhgg I could get in a lot of trouble with this BillMeLater thing . 
is getting 11 hours of sleep tonight ! Bwahahaha ! 
WHAT is going on with the weather !?!? 
I just made a bombdiggity asian-inspired dinner . If anyone wants the recipe , hit me up :) 
I just redeemed my credit card points . I'm an adult now :) 
Goodbye Cable . I don't know how I'm gonna do it without you but it's all for the better . :( 
I just made < PROPMALE > and cheese and added frozen vegetables to the boiling water .. wow ! It's actually really good and a healthier version . 
I just got an email saying that they don't have enough funding to build the park they were going to build this year that is in walking distance from my house . :( \ 
That's the one thing I wanted when buying a house was to be able to walk to a park . I wish I could afford a play structure for out backyard . Oh wellz . 
I have the strongest urge to make beautiful cupcakes ... 
I just tried hemp milk for the first time .... OMG , YUMMY ! 
Uhg , the weather is so bipolar today ! 
Burnt out :( 
The day has come where my kids can entertain each other ! So nice :) 
Our state doesn't transition into spring/summer very well . 
5% of < PROPFEMALE>'s diet today was blue crayon :/ 
My kids are sick :( At least they both got it at the same time . 
Oh yeah . Jaelyn can turn on the TV/XBOX , log in and access Netflix all by herself :) 
Who ever wrote < PROPFIRST > Pilgrim vs . the World was on DRUGS !!! Still a good movie :) 
Ahh the joys of parenthood ... grabbing whole pieces of poo from the bathtub ... 
\strong enough to bear the children then get back to business . \ " hehehehe " 
I am immune to any illness that effects the lungs :) 
My girls night was ruined when our movie was sold out . :( 
I love reliving my childhood :) I'm getting all the cartoons/movies I watched as a kid and making my kids watch them . Today they are watching < PROPFEMALE > Gully <3 
My right click stopped working !! Waaaaaaaaaaaah !! 
There's a hole in my exhaust pipe , dear husband , dear husband , \ 
There's a hole in my exhaust pipe , dear husband , \ 
Please fix it :) 
Oh no ! < PROPFEMALE > climbed up onto the computer desk where I left my energy drink ( with a straw in it ) and she drank a whole bunch ! I'm going to be dealing with a VERY hyper child very soon ... 
Wah ... I have to buy all new summer clothes but yay ! I'm skinny ! 
Welp ..... My car is dead ......... ); The tranny went out ... Soooo ... life is gonna suck for a while ..... or , I can learn how to drive a stick .. :( so sad 
My house gets infested with mice in the winter and ants in the summer .. uhggg !! 
I am so greatful for EVERYTHING I have but .... a reliable ( nice ) car would make it so much better :) 
Justen Bieber is going to be a daddy ... 
Jaelyn said something so sweet . We were talking about death and how she's going to go to heaven and she said \God will be happy to see me right ? \"" 
I think it's so cool that they filmed the high school in the first Twilight movie at the high school my mom went to ! 
Drink . Drank . Drunk 
Scrubbing poop from the carpet ... what a great way to start my morning :) 
Permeating my house with vanilla incense . 
HAHA ! This cat keeps going to the bathroom in our front yard's mulch so when I caught it in action today I ran outside towards it and hissed at it .. and our next door neighbor saw me lol . 
Sooo I will probably be riding the CTRAN tomorrow and I'm sooo nervous ( I know , I'm weird ) Does anybody that's ridden it recently give me any tips ? What if there's no where to sit !?! 
Wow , I can't believe OUR library has the book written by the guy from Jersey Shore ... 
Call me strange but I like days like these . Nice and dark and cozy . 
I LOVE it when I get to wake the kids up AFTER I've gotten ready for the day . 
OMG someone is in my neighborhood is whistling REALLY loud . It sounds like the whistle for Quailman from < PROPMALE > . lol 
I showed < PROPFEMALE > her poop in her diaper one time and now she wants to see it every time . Yep . My child . :) 
There was one year they had rides at the 4th of July at the Fort right ???? 
Spend the night and gonna spend the whole day with my bestie < PROPFEMALE > Lamb !! Pictures to come later ^_^ 
In the mood for rap .. which is VERY atypical for me . 
Found almost my dream car but it's a V6 .. SHOULD we buy a v6 in this economy ??? What to do what to do .. 
I'm listening to Owl City . U gotta problem with that !?!? 
Happy Birthday to my best best friend < PROPFEMALE > Lamb !! 27 ?!?! You're getting so old ! :( \ 
Gonna go to The Rock pizza and then a Horrible Bosses movie ! \ 
On another note , what a crappy day for a JULY birthday !!! :( 
Wow , I actually BOUGHT a song off iTunes ... :) 
Wow < PROPFIRST > Carlyle and < PROPFIRST > Moss you guys are so freakin ' awesome to bring me coffee all the way to my house !! 
Going to test drive my dream car .. I'm so nervous going to a dealership for the first time xP . Thank you < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Meter for watching the kids ! 
SOLD :( 
I have to have Jaelyn hold < PROPFEMALE>'s hands down when I change her dirty diaper because she ALWAYS grabs her poopy butt !! Uhggg .. 
OMG ! So < PROPFEMALE>'s arm got stuck in a small space in a cracked door(long story ) but there was NO WAY I could get her arm out so I panicked and ran outside and the ex-marine neighbor was outside and I asked him if he had an electric saw because my daughters arm was stuck , so he grabbed one and ran in . He just pushed the door really hard so that there was enough space to get her arm out . 
I accidentally bought something off ebay that shipped all the way from < PROPMALE > that I could have easily bought at Walgreens ... oops ... 
I'm ashamed of what I did for a Klondike Bar .. 
Leather seats or better gas mileage ? 
7 1/2 inches :( 
There was a hair in my frozen dinner :( I'm still gonna eat it though ... 
Watching Super Nanny is going to pay off with this child !! 
I inadvertently know all the lyrics to the new Limp Bizkit album .. 
Starting Monday I will have 3 paid jobs -_- 
This would be a nice day .... if it was May ...... 
