Had a nice fun easter @ my sister n laws house wat a big gatherin it was 3 pinatas n a < PROPFEMALE > jump !!! 

Playin w/ bubbles outside w/ da nephew 
Sucky ass weather its just rainin 
feels sick :( 
Its rainin really hard 
Was @ my moms eatin menudo yummy yummy :p 
wants to go to < PROPFIRST > but still dont kno 
I fell playin tennis n it was hilarious lol :) 
played tennis today n i didnt fall lol 
@ sams grocery shoppin 
goin to my mom's since i didnt go yesterday 4 mother's day 
washin so i can start packin lol :) 
@ wal mart doin some last minute shoppin 
finally got here to < PROPFIRST > yay :) 
@ da hospital 
is packin to go home tomorrow :( 
on da road headin home 
finally home wat a long day it was 
thanx to my lovin cuzin < PROPMALE > my nephew doesnt want to drink anythin else but peach tea ..... the brand dat he likes we cant find here 
its hot as hell ........... is goin to make choriqueso 
I think i lost my car keys :( 
finally put things away in the storage 
is gonna go cut my hair 
is out n about with grandma n my mom 
So I'm washin clothes n decided to scare my mom n then she called me estupid .......... lmao :) 
So I go to my bros house n they have a parrot n it clinged to my shirt i was yellin like stupid ......... lmao :) 
Is goin to eat some milanesa 
Just woke up n I thought it was early in da mornin 
almost got attacked by another bird I don't like birds anymore lol 
so there's a hurricane watch 
wants to go to da beach its reopen 
just finished takin off da plywood 
so many things on my mind . :( 
Oh man wat a day today ............ :( 
eatin some asado y arroz 
is packin gettin ready to go home tomorrow .......... :( 
is so tired wish I could go to sleep but no instead is goin to mex . 
eatin spaghetti by itself 
goin to pack for my mom since she is leavin tomorrow 
just got home from a friend's house 
wishes I can go far away n never come back :( 
washin grandmas clothes 
finally got internet on my computer it was about time lol 
so I finally get internet on my computer n my computer fucks up ....... just my luck 
hearin < PROPFEMALE > 
goin to make homemade flour tortillas n chorizo con huevo .......... yummy 
@ da llaundry mat dryin my sisters clothes 
so i just broke my driver licenses 
gettin ready to go take a shower ....... n later go to a birthday party 
just got home from my friends party 
so my mom enjoyed here mini vacation 
hearin agrupacion < PROPFEMALE > 
hate my damn life 
just got home i'm so sleepy had funny w/ my friend . 
wants to go to da outlets 
gonna go to sleep already 
gonna make choriqueso 
so I almost fell for being estupid lol 
@ da doctors w/ grandma 
pay day today but its all going towards bills 
I love makin my dad mad .... it makes my day go by faster 
cleanin my room its really messy 
so i get paid today n i didnt even remember lol 
so bored ..... I'm tired of being stuck @ home 
R . I . P < PROPFIRST > Velasquez ...... u will be missed Turkey 
Go Cowboys 
Cowboys win 16-14 
watchin da game . Go Cowboys 
looking for an apartment 
Cowboys win !!! 
so I get home smelling like diesel , all wet , and muddy wat an afternoon 
so my sister says , \ U traded me for < PROPMALE > in a heart beat . \ " I tell her yes I do . LMAO " 
had a cookout at my sister's house and she tells me that I have no conscience ...... I took it personal LMAO 
waiting for my sister to get here so we can go to the outlets 
so my brother and sister-in-law buy me a birthday cake and my little nephew Jaden says , my cake ....... lol 
not going to have a phone anymore I broke my charger :( 
tired of being stuck at home :( 
@ the beach fishing with my brother and his family 
just finished getting home from my best friends house 
eat some good menudo 
getting my nails done 
Happy Birthday to my niece Dezarae !!! 
My sister and me saw the smart car and it brought us memory of our cousin < PROPMALE > !!! Lmao 
bored at home with nothing to do for Halloween 
had a cookout with the family and I cooked 
@ da hospital with Jaden 
Is tired and wants to go home but still at the hospital waiting 
Finally out of the hospital jaden with a splint 
going to finish putting the rest of the tile 
my grandma is so funny she doesn't listen when I tell her how to do something lol 
Wishing my mom a very happy birthday today .... Happy Birthday Mom from my sister and me ....... hopeful she likes her surprise tonight 
one more hour so my moms surprise gets here the mariachi's that she has always wanted 
So tired but finally made my moms dream come true the mariachis that she has always wanted with the effort my sister and I made ...... something that my brother could have never done . 
feeling sick :( 
@ the hospital with jaden 
so were in da parking lot of walmart walkin back 2 the < PROPFIRST > i stop @ da 1 we were in & my sister keeps walkin i tell wat r u doin & wat r u lookin for sheanswers idk ....... lmao she forgot in which < PROPFIRST > we were in 
@ the drive in 
so I called the cops on my brother in law on saturday ...... but things are back to normal now lmao 
putting christmas lights on 
eating some asado con arroz y fideo 
wishing my grandma a Happy Birthday !!! 
@ the bus station waiting for my aunt < PROPFEMALE > to get here 
eating some good homemade caldo de res 
my nephew of 2 yrs is such a gentleman because he tells me sit down in the driver seat and he closes the door for me . 
