We are anxious to move ! I hope the heat subsides just for a bit while we move =/ 

Had an Awesome lunch with DAD ! 
TaTa , who is in Heaven is completely missed , loved and still thought about everyday . Till we see you again \We love you ! \"" 
Looking forward to Friday and catching up with some wonderful friends from past . EXCITED ! 
are full ! < PROPFIRST > mad us a delicious italian dinner with a tasty Pinot . < PROPFEMALE > is looking forward to tomorrow !!!! 
OMG we are loving \Modern Family\ " Total blast and a must see ! " 
Today has been about fixing my computer ! Almost there , thanks to my wonderful father and bestfriend < PROPFIRST > ;-) 
Tonight we are going to go see Paranormal Activity , anyone care to join us ? 
Designing Designing and more Designing ! Tomorrow is < PROPFEMALE > on the rocks and bbq time . Hmm I wonder how my designs will come out after few < PROPFEMALE>'s ? 
are sanding our antique desk and preping it to stain , YAY we cannot wait to see the finished product ! 
Had a wonderful day ! Progress made on all levels in our lives ! 
Tired , getting over a cold , and thankful to be alive and loving our families and friends ! 
are full ! We have a wonderful dinner with family yesterday . We are looking forward to Christmas dinner . 
finally tired and forcing ourselves to stop working and get some shut eye before Mr. Sunshine comes up . 
liking \Alice . \ " We believe our fingers are glued to our keyboard because we cannot seem to stop working . " 
Happy New Year to everyone ! Please be safe while you close 2010 and start 2011 . The four of us are spending News Years together here in the midst of our packing . Cheers to a New Year ! 
< PROPFIRST > is off to play basketball with his good friend < PROPFIRST > Perez . I am siting outside in my newly painted sunroom finishing up a paper on social psychology , and Jayvin is skateboarding in thsi lovely weather . Hope you all have a wonderful day ! 
I cannot believe tomorrow I am going to be 34 . OMG that is just crazy . But I guess with age comes wisdom , yes ? But tomorrow will be low key just dinner with the fam and school . 
Beautiful day ! BBQing Samon burgers n spending time with family . 
What a beautiful Seattle like day ! < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > n I are totally enjoying the rain . Hope everyone else is having a wonderful n relaxing Sunday 
Loving all this rain ; however , we are kind of sad because we just put up our gazebo and it's all rained on . I guess we should have waited till the weekend . Oh well it's still pretty . 
Had a wonderful day in the garden . We went to home depot for supplies n back home to plant n build . Next week we are buying furniture for around the pool . Looking forward to pool fun ! 
Enjoyed the day at work today . We walled 2.5 < PROPMALE > . Taxes are done n we r excited to get a nice refund . I ( < PROPFIRST > ) am having the guys over for drinks n poker . Do I need a poker table , or will any table do ? 
Had a wonderful day at work . I LOVE Monday mornings n Fridays ! Although today was a bit rough but I closed my email n the problem went away . I need to take my bosses advice n not react to those who seem to thrive on drama ! Loving life n know it will keep getting better . 
What a beautiful day ! We r rush rush rushing today but for a good cause . < PROPFIRST > has graduated n now it's time to celebrate his achievements !!! 
Beautiful Sunday morning . Had a nice smorgasbord breakfast with hubby n < PROPFIRST > . Now we r out in the garden . 
Have a day off n < PROPFIRST > is out early , it's a family day ! We are enjoying the rain n our time away from icky work n difficult peeps . Even a day away makes ALL the difference in the world . 
Painting our kitchen and enjoying the weather . Might even take a sunset dip in the inviting pool ! 
Finished painting !!! I will take picks tomorrow . we had family over for a BBQ ! Salmon burgers not so great but everything else amazing of course I qued it ! 
Fab Sunday ! Looking forward to an enlightened week . 
Health issues maybe answered today , keeping our fingers crossed 
What a sexy day . I love being home ! Contract work is my calling , the polictics of the office aka drama is not for me . 
We were outside gettN our Vitamin D on ! Started a seven day Arbonne detox . Taste funky but I know I < PROPFEMALE > in n drink it to rid my body of these toxins . Wish me luck . As of today I have lost 32lbs YAY !!! 
Happy Mothers Day to all the special mothers !!! \ 
@ > ------ \ 
I wish you all a wonderful day with your babies ! \ 
\ 
I woke up to breakfast in bed ! In love with today ! Thank you Jayvin and < PROPFIRST > love you both !!! 
Is Getting up to make BF and clean . Looks like a Beautiful day for a BBQ and to finish projects . 
What a lovely Monday ! The rain smells so good and makes everything ugly wash away ! 
Hump day , YAY ! The weather is beautiful ! We worked out together this morning n burned 397 calories . < PROPFIRST > lost 4lbs n I lost another 6lbs . I am losing 2 - 3lbs a week . I am 32lbs to reach my first goal ! 
My wife says its Lovely day , so she is out in the garden now ! \ 
I need to finish up this website for a client . Crown molding is pretty cool . 
Looking forward to an easy going weekend . Tomorrow is dinner with the folks and off to a movie . 
Back as a ground student , tonight is my first night back in class . Little nerve racking . 
Brother moved in today , YAY ! In love and in school , life is good right now for us ! 
iPhone4 What can I say but Perfection ! Hopefully someday soon it will be in the palm of my hand . 
Congrats Whitman ! November is going to be exciting ! \ 
Vote Vote Vote ! \ 
No on Prop 16 . We need more choices other than PGE . 
To do or not to do that is the question ... 
Big day tomorrow < PROPFIRST > and I are going to check out a Venue in the Tower . I was honored to my gals Maiden of honor . Exciting Exciting Exciting ! Any Recommendations please feel free to pass them my way . 
Happy Fathers Day to all the fathers ! Have a great day with your kids and or father , I know I will ! 
We are stuffed with some great BBQ ( thanks < PROPFEMALE > ) ! < PROPFIRST > Q's the best Salmon !!!! \ 
Today was fun with the folks ! I love my dad and I love ma < PROPMALE > him feel like a < PROPMALE > ! He is a total crack up and simply the best ! I love seeing my dad and my hubby together ! Family is what it is all about ! Now we are cleaning up and getting ready for \The Gates ! \"" 
So far the Gates is Awesome ! 
The had a nice yoga workout while I sat outside with her and read the paper , NICE ! Now it's Almost time to head into the office so she can write a paper and i can make a website live for a client . Exciting times ! 
Having dogs is like having babies sometimes . Bosko woke me up with his whinning because he had to piss . I'm tired ! 
Love love wipeout ! Make you laugh non stop ! Watch it ! 
Finishing up my darn paper before class tonight . I am not feeling class but I know I need to go . Ok enough FB I need to finish . \ 
Hope everyone is having a wonderful day . 
< PROPFIRST > is in the office finishing another website and I need to get my ars up and clean . After that I think a nice swim sounds good . Then it's off to the office . \ 
Hope you all have a pleasent day ! 
Oh the fall of the Italians , go Team USA ! 
Remember when we were young and the NES games were awesome and easy to play ?!? What happen to those days ? These games are hard now ! 
I am playing double dribble , graphics don't get better than that ! 
What a lovely day ! Family is on their way ! BBQ , swimming , and a glass of wine , yeah exciting times ! \ 
Hope everyone enjoys this lovely day today ! 
Love love love my brother ! Have a wonderful day punk ! See ya at mom n dads ! 
Time for < PROPFEMALE > to get off FB and for < PROPFIRST > to jump on and reply to his friends . Hope you all are having a wonderful Sunday ! 
Just finished the finishing touches on the table for our guests . I am proud of the end set because almost everything came from our garden !!! Talk about a green family . \ 
Oh on another happy note < PROPFIRST > and I tried on some clothes that wr put away due to not fitting and now they are going bye bye because they are to BIG !!!! Yay for us ! I love my sexy man!!' 
What a lovely evening we had with two Awesome people ! Thank you < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > for coming over ! Looking forward to many more with you two !!! Time to relax put our feet up and download with each other . We hope you all had a wonderful Monday ! 
Woke up went outside to get the paper and the heat was still out there like police on a stakeout it's not going away until it gets us ! Doing nothing today but swimming and having a beer ! 
Happy hump day everyone ! I ( < PROPFEMALE > ) am meeting with my team this afternoon to practice for our final , then off to class ! This will not be an A class for me :-( , which is sad but a B is the next best thing , right ? \ 
And I ( < PROPFIRST > ) will be at the grill with a beer in my hand Qing for my dad . Don't worry babe you will do great tonight I love you ! 
My team did a wonderful job . We still have business email and we got another inquiry for a website . We might have a new client tomorrow !!! Hope you are all having a wonderful evening . I know my < PROPFEMALE > is because he is BBQing for his Daddy and brothers ! 
We are seeing eclipse today !!! Thank you my dear sweet handsome husband !!! Last night we saw twilight and right now we are seeing New < PROPFEMALE > !!! I can watch them over and over 
This warrants another post ! We lost 7 more pounds . < PROPFIRST > has 11lbs till he reaches his first goal and I have 6lbs to reach my 2nd goal , then it's off to my third ! Yay I am so happy for us !!! Love us both ! 
We are really starting to hate comcast . We are giving them one last try and agreed to let them come again tomorrow ! Tomorrow will be one week of trying and the sixth technician ! 
Eclipse was good . Long with a lot of dialogue . But totally worth seeing ! 
Can't sleep ! Hubby is sleeping so peacefully , and I am here wide awake watching fun with < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > , and channel surfing through our snowy stations in between commercials . Ugggggggg 
Ok here we are four hours later and comcast is still here . They are making progress but wow I did not think getting cable would be a week long event ! Anyone else ever have issues like this ? 
Wow we are tired . Comcast just left and we are still not complete but we are about 85% done . We had a manager and a tech here . They said corporate will be calling us soon . They have truly come through and we are happy ! True customer service does still exist . 
hope everyone has a fun and safe 4th ! We plan to relax and spend time together . 
Bitter sweet today . Now it's time for decisions , what to do , what to do ? 
my family makes me laugh but in a crazy way 
What a wonderful day ! Hubby was offered a position with an Awesome company today ! But what made our day was spending the afternoon with husband's mom , my wonderful MIL . It was nice for us to see her and for him to remember how precious family is ! Good night FB friends n family we hope you all have a wonderful Friday to start your weekend off ! 
My headache won't go away =( and I do not like taking meds , anyone know of any natural remedies ? \ 
On a happy note , < PROPFIRST > had a nice visit with his good friend < PROPFIRST > today . Men and women visit quite differently , it's funny to watch . 
Woke up at 5:30 am to help my < PROPFEMALE > get ready for his first day at work . Cannot wait for him to get home and hear all about it . MuniServices will not regret hiring < PROPFIRST > , he is AWESOME !!! 
People need tounderstand that children \ 
with special needs don't have an illness , sothere is no cure and \ 
it's not contagious . They only want what we allwant , to be accepted . \ 
Most of you probably won't copy and paste this . Will you do it and \ 
leave it on your status for at least an hour ? It's Special Education \ 
week , and this is in honor of all the kids who need a little extra \ 
help , understanding , and support . 
Vintage < PROPFEMALE > is meeting with International Catering this afternoon !!! Getting excited for our soft opening ! 
Fabulous mtg with international catering ! Went to an awesome seminar in Visalia , and now I am super excited ! 
Happy Friday ! \ 
Hubby Leaves work early YAY , and I get to make a 35mg sodium fresh < PROPMALE > veggie zah for the family ! Hope my dad will eat it , I better buy a cowboy ( his fav ) just in case . Fresh fruit champange sorbet for dessert ! Yup it's a happy Friday ! 
We are still stuffed from the great food ! Looking forward to a working weekend with my hubby tomorrow . Stay cool and drink lots of water !!! 
had a wonderul swim in the pool !!! Now we are in the office the rest of the day . Jayvin is spending the weekend with grandma and grandpa . We hope everyone is staying cool and keeping and eye on the their elder loved ones . 
Lovely Sunday ! Cleaning and possibly painting our bedroom ! 
Tuesday started off great , then on my way home my car decides to give \ 
out in a no parking zone ! Of course NO ONE would help me push it to \ 
safety , No cell service , and it was HOT ! I stopped a strange guy \ 
( possibly homeless ) if he had a cell , HE DID , missing 2 buttons with a cracked screen but it worked . Now my car is in the shop and hopefully I get it back today so my life can go back to the \ 
normal chaos I know 
Our website is up \ 
but we are still uploading images and filling in the other sections . \ 
Our blog will start this weekend ! Let us know what you think ? All \ 
feedback is welcomed ;-) \ 
www.ninodesigns.com 
Yay my car is alive and well !!! 
Happy Friday FB Family n Friends ! We hope everyone has a wonderful day and weekend !!! 
Just finished my morning Yoga ... wow what a relaxing feeling . Well my Friday meeting was cancelled ( keeping the family in my prayers ) and now I am not sure what to do the next few hours ..?...?...? I miss my hubby =( 
Good morning FB FnF !!! Well this weekend will be a bit nerve racking until my brother comes home safe . I pray he has a fun safe time but will relax when I see him safe . 
Watching Silent Hill and getting sleepy . It's a nice movie though . 
Well GN FB , have a great rest of the nite ! 
Two days till total relaxation ... cannot wait 
We are keeping up with the kardashians ! They are addicting . However we cannot take < PROPFIRST > , she lied crazy , and never accepts responsibility . We love < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
Hubby off to work ( miss him ) , appt at 9am , my school project at 2pm , dinner . Day full of fun , terror , excitement , and new experiences . 
so sad ... I was suppose to finally have a massage today ... but I didn't know I was suppose to call this morning to confirm the time . She canceled my appt and booked another client . I was shocked , even my doc calls to confirm the day before , I call my clients to confirm , I am just dumb founded why she did not give me a heads up . Terribly disappointing cause I heard great things about her . 
Wasted my morning at the doctors office . But had a lovely lunch with hubby ! 
Last nights presentations including mine were awesome . Had a wonderful dinner with the family . Tonight we will relax in the pool . 
This afternoon should be interesting , looking forward to it ! =) 
are looking forward to an evening filled with FUN and relaxing company . Cannot wait to welcome < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > into our home . Be prepared for a delicious dinner ! 
Had a wonderful evening full of great convo and laughter . Love relaxing evenings like that . 
Had a wonderful evening with Kat and < PROPFEMALE > . It was so lovely to sit outside and chat . Looking forward to more times like that ! 
He morning was so lovely . I made a < PROPMALE > , tomato , garlic omelette for hubby and I this morning 6am . Then I kissed him laters and watched the Gates ! After my food settled I did s 40min yoga works , 15min wiifit cardio , and a cool down meditation outside in the garden . Now it's time to clean , rearrange , and finish and < PROPMALE > project . 
Off to doctors appts , school , home to cook dinner , evening walk w/friend , finally hm to prepare for another final . Hubbys last week at muni and off to premier , YAY ! 
struggling to finish my final . My so called TM has decided not to help participate leaving with all the work yet again . Two papers and a presentation . I cannot wait for this class to end TONIGHT ! My anxiety is off the charts and I need to try and relax ... 
Thank Goodness my social psych class is over ! Everyone's team presentation was wonderful and very inspiring . See some of you in the next class ! Now time to relax ... 
Happy Friday family and friends ! May you all have an awesome weekend ! 
had a wonderful < PROPFEMALE > smoother ( made it myself ) and < PROPFIRST > and I had a hard upper body EA Active workout . Now it's time to jump in the pool for some relaxing and seeing where the weekend takes us , hopefully in the same direction . 
Up early in the garden to get my mind off a disturbing situation ... 
Just had a wonderful work out ! Dang , you would think I would be used it by now but nope still get winded . 
My arms are so sore from painting . But anything to help my parents out , love them . Almost time to head home take a breather then on to my school work . This class is requiring tons of work =/ but I am with a great team , no worries . 
Had a wonderful with my family over our casa . I made a delicious healthy meal and everyone loved it ! I have school work to finish today and lite cleaning . Hubby is interviewing applicants , looking sharp ! Have a Great Day !!! 
Just had a great yoga session . The mornings n mid mornings are so beautiful for yoga ! Relaxing a bit then off to shower n hit the books . 
What a nice evening 2mile power walk . Relaxing and getting ready for bed . We are getting up early for another power walk then some delicious yoga . Tell ur family n close friends u luv them , GN FB ! 
Long scary afternoon and evening . So glad we woke up to rain now we can just lounge around today . 
Prayers for my FIL . He is in the hospital , scared , and needing all the support he can get . Love him dearly ! 
Great Sunday so far ! Made flaxseed cinnamon french toast , turkey bacon , and sat with my < PROPFEMALE > . I think with the weather little gloomy I will bake . \ 
Almost game time \Go Bears ! \"" 
Congrats to my friend < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > on their baby boy ! We cannot wait to see him ! 
What a fabulous day ! Today we met our OB Dr. Matharu , and we LOVE him ! OMG thank you sister , 3rd time a charm ! Hearing our little June bug's heartbeat never gets old , each time is emotional for us ! 
Go BEARS !!! 
OMG we love this rain . We could live in this rainy weather forever ! May you all have a wonderful week and holiday with your family and friends , I know we are and will ! 
are wishing < PROPFEMALE > ryone a happy Xmas < PROPFEMALE > and a blessed Christmas Day with family and close friends . Remember it's about those you love and being grateful for what you have and not what gift you received or didn't . 
BabyCenter is giving away a year's worth of diapers to one fan every week between now and January 10 , 2011 ! Enter here : http://apps.facebook.com/babycenter_sweeps/index?referrer_id=70946&campaign_id=28 
Enjoying our stay over with my ( < PROPFEMALE > ) family . Love being pampered , wearing our new PJ's , eating tamales , and being around family . 
We are so tired of moving . My poor hubby is all bruised from the heavy boxes and the fridge falling on him , darn rain ...... 
Wonderful day ! Nice running into you < PROPFEMALE > ! Finally home relaxing in eachothers arms . 
are enjoying our relaxing day . We might go see Tron later , yay . 
Learning to sew ..... designing in Illustrator is easier , lol . But so far it's coming out beautiful , if I don't say so myself . 
Finally after a few weeks of missing the movements I finally felt my baby move this morning ! What a feeling ..... 
Watching the game , and waiting for my Bears to take it home to the Super Bowl 
Our Taxes are done , and we do not owe , YAY ! 
had a great day ! now we are relaxing watching some movies . 
Perfect start to our day giving both of us an Ecstatic feeling all day ! So Blessed ! 
Wow tomorrow is February , where is the time going ? I guess when your anxious and looking forward to something , time flys . 
