doesn't like the fact that hip-hop and rap are turning into pop . 

< PROPFEMALE > needs ducktape 
just got home and saw an amazing game last night , and won lots of money ! 
my feet hurt ! 
has a headache and is actually bored . 
is back from the Dells 
going back to work tonight 
my effing iTunes broke and now i gotta reinstall all my music and buy all my crap again . APPLE SUCKS BALLS !!!!! 
is eating pop tarts and watching Amelie 
watching Coraline 
twitter is gay , following is creepy , tweeting is for birds . 
watching Mrs. Doubtfire 
anybody want to < PROPFEMALE > out with me on this < PROPFEMALE > day ???? 
just got done watching Parents , quite disturbing and creepy ... but that's how I roll ! 
if you hate being bored then go use your imagination and do something ! There actually ARE things to do in Rhinelander . 
would like some chinese fooooooooood ... 
threw up a lil bit today . It was glorious ! 
is getting by with a little help from my friends 
is watching < PROPMALE > and Company 
Spongebob Squarepants ! 
Thank GOD summer is finally over ! I just cant wait for school to start tomorrow ! I'm SOOOOO excited to get back in class and get piles of homework ! Oh how i'ved missed those crowded stairways groups of freshmen standing in the hallway when I need to get somewhere ... 
I think it's safe to say 2009 is the year of death ! 
Renaissance Fair !! Renaissance Fair !! 
gettin them picture for mahty 
anybody wanna < PROPFEMALE > out ??? 
Its WAAAAAAY past my bedtime . 
Lonely , I'm Mr. Lonely ! I have nobody ! 
watching Rugrats . 
I , I feel so alive ! For the very first time ! And I think I can fly ... 
is anybody else NOT going to new < PROPFEMALE > friday ? 
Watching Rocko's Modern Life 
Is catching up on Lemony Snicket business ! 
I got paid in gum the other day ! 
Sooooo when is the snow storm supposed to hit us ??? 
You want to play a mind-crazed banjo on the druggy-drag ragtime U.S.A. ? 
is eating pickles and watching Smiley Face . :) 
What makes a melonball bounce ? A melonball bounce ? A melonball bounce ?... 
So guess who got Catdog for Christmas ! 
Checked his outbox and found 182 messages that were sent to everybody with a link to something . So if you got a message from me saying < PROPFIRST > wanted me to send this to you , don't think anything of it because I don't know what it is . 
is pretty sure that after tomorrow , I'll know Voltaire like the back of my hand . 
is watching Superman for the first time . 
is already on the 3rd Catdog disc ! Thankfully there are 4 more after that . 
I am done just dancing , I've had enough bad romances , and I hate the paparazzi , Lady Gaga can take her poker face and go jump off a < PROPMALE > now and take her music with her . 
How can I concentrate on < PROPFIRST > in the 18th century when there's soooo much on my mind !? 8O 
found out there's an austinrude.com 
I GOT THIS . 
She's electric ! Can I be electric tooooo !? 
Just saw part two of the worst thing I've ever seen in my life . 
11530 on Robot Unicorn !! Got my heart pumping after a sad 8000 streak . 
Don't you just hate the end of a < PROPMALE > Potter movie ?! 
is gonna sleep like a rock tonight . 
I'm a blue crab ... 
I think I might write a rap . 
wrote a rap . 
Just found Don't Be A Menace To South Central While Drinking Your Juice In The Hood ! 
Hi < PROPFEMALE > ! 
What's with everyone and ghost's lately ? 
When should I go to bed ? 
Anyone wanna help me with Psych quizzes ? 
If I found out people were being nice to me just so I wouldn't kill them , I would kill everyone just to make sure I get those people who were pretending ! 
What's with all the < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > on Britain's Got Talent !? 
Haha , just checked on my old bebo account for the first time in about probably 3 years . It's even lamer now than it was back then and I finally figured out who < PROPFIRST > B was that added me years ago . 
Bike ride anyone ? 
9th spring gone = hardcore jumping 
Trampoline + Rain + The Clash = A satisfied AJ 
I think instead of this little box saying \What's on your mind ? \ " it should say something more like \ " Place cliché quote about life here \"." 
Actually put his face in a book . 
happy birthday aj !!!! from katelyn :) 
Thanks everyone for the birthday wishes , don't take it personally if I didn't comment directly to you post , or you can take it personally , whichever works ! 
Anyone else notice all the Rossini in TV commercials lately ? High five if you know what I'm talking about . 
Variety and Random . Two words that no longer have any relation to their true definition due to the rape of the general public misusing them and throwing them around like a primate with a fresh pile of feces in its hands . Apparently random is now the equivalent of a leaf falling off of a tree during fall and variety is simply playing \California Girls\ " 5 different times every hour . Hmm . " 
Effing 911 doesn't work on my home phone . WTF ! 
Anyone care to spare a guy a ride to work today ? 
Pity party of one , your status update is ready . 
Big Fish ! 
Me You And Everyone We Know - Quite a different movie . 
Life isn't about being the best or pleasing others , it's about trying your hardest and loving every minute :D 
Pretty sure I won the cheesy quote contest . 
Anybody know a < PROPFEMALE > that was at < PROPMALE > Lake recently and is missing an orange wrist band ? 
Well I don't have a cell phone right now so if you would be so kind as to not send any more messages to the poor soul who's been given my number and has been getting angrier and angrier since people began calling her AJ . 
If you don't she might go crazy and begin to think that her name is actually AJ and she's been confused her whole life . Then she'll assume the fetal position and start rocking back and forth screaming , \my name's not AJ !!!! \ " And then she'll just end up in Bedlam maintaining a diet of prescribed pills and finger nails . So do her a favour and stop texting that number . " 
Can't wait to see Rush Limbaugh on Family Guy . 
GOT ALL HIS MUSIC BACK !!!!!!! 
One more month until you know what :D 
is thinking these stupid event days are going to be the next annoying thing on Facebook . 
has finally scheduled his driving test . 
Your mother has an ugly face . 
First Limewire , now Dirpy ?! I'm gonna have to start paying for all my music soon ... 
is watching To Kill A Mockingbird on TCM ! 
Even though Mankey is basically just a crazy monkey , crazy monkeys are awesome . 
So I'm working on the Greek & < PROPMALE > plays DVD and I'm looking for music for the main menu , any suggestions ? 
Just realized that octopuses look just like death eaters when they swim away and ink . 
So who won ? 
I love < PROPFEMALE > Walters and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > soooooo much its unbelievable !!!! <3 
What I learned in Philosophy today : Dropping a watermelon is the perfect distraction for any situation . 
Well Daft Punk is playing at my house , my house ! 
