Check out my farm ! And can someone please send me a cow for my dairy farm ? 

< PROPFIRST > at 3 
Send me some more Farmville presents ! You can open them for a few more days . You can open your presents now . Check out my farm I got some cool things . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas < PROPFEMALE > everyone ! Presents tomorrow ! Can't wait for everyone to see what we got them ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas Everyone !!! Time to open presents today ! 
Tired of spending every saturday morning working ! 
Working on my Horse stable and I still need all the parts , can everyone help me out and send me some ? 
Why is it always my luck that on the day it snows I have planned to visit my farthest office from my house ! 
If you have a wonderful husband , fiancé or boyfriend that works hard to provide for you and would do anything just for you and your family , then repost this as your status to give the honest well behaved men out there the recognition that they deserve ............ because great men are few and far between , and I have one ! 
Need to go find the perfect gift for my husband today ! 
Found the perfect gift for our Anniversary , can't wait for him to see it ! 
Off to see the dentist to fix my tooth . NOT my favorite place ! 
Can everyone please send me items for my Maison in Farmville ? there isn't much time left to build it ! 
Happy Easter everyone !! 
Can someone send me the seagull in Farmville ? I sent you each one .... 
Urg ! Have the worst Allergies and Sinus issues today ! 
Mothers day this weekend !! Undra is taking me somewhere special as a surprise ! Whoo-hoo ! I can't wait I need the break .... 
Had this headache for two days now . When is it going to go away ?? 
CHINESE for Dinner . Friday night take out is my favorite dinner of the week ! 
Happy Mother's Day Everyone !!!! 
You never know how strong you are , until being strong is the only choice you have .... 
Waiting for my truck to be fixed , boring !!!!! 
Took the family to the Aquarium . The Buluga whale was adorble and so friendly ! 
I need more olives for my Tuscan wedding can everyone send me some ?? 
Why is it the things you want most in life never turn out your way ? 
I hate Sunday afternoon because it means your weekend is coming to an end . 
Man this weekend flew by ! Spent the weekend with my wonderful Husband who took me to some great places ! 
Went to Mystic Aquarium . I love the Buluga whale ! Also went to the Shops at Mystic . It was the the perfect day with my husband ! 
Why is it when you can barely handle what is on your plate now life hands you a pile of crap that just puts you over the edge ? 
It may be that my sole purpose in life is simply to be kind to others . And why aren't certain people ok with that ?? 
Just came back from having a facial . Skin feels great but jeez when did Facials start costing 100 bucks ! 
Life is too short to wake up in the morning with regrets . So , love the people who treat you right , forgive the ones that don't and believe that everything happens for a reason . If you get a < PROPMALE > , take it . If it changes your life , let it . Nobody said it would be easy they just promised it would be worth it ! 
Hey everyone I need four more boards to complete my haunted house in Farmville . Can everyone send me one ? 
Back from vacation in Washington DC . It was amazing ! We saw all the monuments . The great museums and did tons of shopping . Everyone had a blast . But glad to be home in our own home ..... 
Ugh ! Have the worst cold . I feel like CRAP !!!! 
Whoo-Hoo ! < PROPMALE > Potter comes out in 5 days !!!! I can't wait . We are going to see it on Saturday . I am sure it will be packed !!!! 
God < PROPMALE > me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change . The courage to change the things I can and the wisdom to know the difference . \ 
And boy do I ever need this help today ! 
Saw < PROPMALE > Potter this morning . There was over 300 people waiting in line at 9:30 am ! It was awesome though !!!! Can't wait for the final one to come out in July ! 
Happy Thanksgiving to all my wonderful friends and family !!!!!! Ok so I am cooking the turkey this year . Lots of pressure I better get it right or my family will never let me live it down !!!!!!!! 
I totally wish we were off tomorrow . The day is going to feel like it is taking forever !!! 
SHOPPING FOR CHRISTMAS TOMORROW !! WHOOOOO - HOOOOOO 
Went Christmas shopping at the outlets , got some AMAZING deals !!!! 
Holy Crap it is only 16 days until Christmas and 13 days until my Birthday !!!!!! My most favorite time of the year , I am so excited !!!!!!! 
Just finished putting the tree up with hubby and the kids . It looks great . Now we need to start wrapping gifts but I am tired from shopping all day ! 
Up at 5am . Did my work that is due . Then cleaned the house . Then just finished wrapping presents . Marq and Keng were a big help . Expecially < PROPFEMALE > she has been a huge help all weekend !!! Thanks Keng ! 
Still have tons of shopping to do for the Kids and Undra ! Need to get that done this week and get everything wrapped because then the following week is Christmas !!! 
Unless your name is Google stop acting like you fu ***** know everything ! 
Most people have a 1000 wishes for xmas , a cancer patient has 1 , to get better . In honor of someone who has died , is still fighting , or has survived cancer - copy this as your status ... 
Uggggg ! This week is going to feel like forever because I want Christmas to get here ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone !!!!! Hope it is going to be an amazing day for everyone !!! 
Ok on day three now of this stomach virus that I came down with . Am finally starting to actually feel human again ! I will be very happy once I am back to 100% . 
Seriuosly another 18 inches of snow !!! when is this going to end . getting to work in this is such a pain ! 
Ok , my son came home with a bad report card . So he is grounded . No laptop , ipod , cell phone , ps3 . So why do I feel like the bad guy when he is the one no getting the grades he needs to . I hate punishing my kids . I think it make me feel worse than they do . 
Went to the outlets today ! It was mobbed ! But got a new coach of course so I am happy !!! 
Just got a new iPhone ! Whoo hoo I am loving it !! 
