Yay Buckeyes !!! 

could it get any colder out there ?! 
Let's go Cowboys ! Looking pretty good going into the playoffs . Could this be an upset year for them ?...... 
I can't believe that I am engaged !!!!! 
Going to put ribbons on all of my gifts tomorrow and hope that my cats do not chew them off and throw them up somewhere ..... it's worse than having infants 
Can't wait to spend my new years < PROPFEMALE > with my Fiance'!!!! 
Watching the cowboys get their faces kicked in ... damn it 
Going to Michaels with my MOH to get some wedding ideas 
I just won the Pittsburgh Invitational at Oakmont CC !!!! Hell yeah , 13 birdies and $ 300,000 ! 
To sum up ..... I did not really win $ 300,000 . However , I tore the shit out of Tiger Woods PGA 2010 ! Wish I could give you all some really money , but if you want my fake stuff , I now have $ 700,000 ! 
This is my urban dictionary , so true it's a little scary ....... extremely sarcastic , usually quite exquiste and beatutiful , brown hair , with non blue eyes . usually very rebellious and horny . enjoys looking good and making new friends . one of the biggest flirts ever . 
going out to find a suitable Ash Wednesday meal ..... i love beef 
Only 72 days until I become < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Fellenstein !!!!! YAY !!!!!! 
Loving the sunshine ! There was a < PROPFIRST > singing in my tree this morning ! 
My bridal shower today ! yay for me ! 
work tonight at midnight ..... boo 
Running 4 1/2 < PROPMALE > every day just to look good in a wedding dress ..... Whoever said pain is beauty hit the damn nail on the head 
tanning , running , and then laying out to get even darker !!! 
is so happy < PROPMALE > Roethlisberger got what he deserved ! He's an ugly quarterback ( which is a sin ) and a Steeler ! Have fun in behavioral therapy !!!!! 
refreshed from a nap ..... thursdays suck ! Getting a new phone today though , so yay for that 
work ... 
to my siblings : bedrooms will have been decided on before you get there . You will like what you get or you can stay in a boring 10 or 11 bedroom house !! Hehe ! Plus , how much time will we actually be spending in our rooms ..... 
getting so close I can taste it !!! 
napping .... 
Thanks everyone for the wishes to my husband and I !!!! That's right , I have a husband . 
I know it hasn't even been two weeks , but I am LOVING married life ! 
Ran 4 < PROPMALE > in hopes of tiring myself out so I can fall asleep early :( Hate those 2:30 am wake up calls 
watching 24 on dvd with my husband . We were having < PROPFIRST > Bauer withdrawls ! 
eating chicken enchiladas with my cat : ) 
can't wait til oct . to meet my niece ! thought for sure it was going to be a boy . maybe she will surprise us ! 
waiting for my husband to get off work at 11 :( then I think paninis to unwind : ) 
Happy Fathers Day to all of you dads out there !!! 
a day off and I didn't get shit done ! Sometimes we really just need those days 
staying in on a saturday night with my husband and loving every minute of it ! 
laundry and going to bed early ..... I have a date with Bon Jovi tomorrow 
dinner with my grandparents ! 
late night dinner for two ... 
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes ! I can't believe I'm 27 !!! 30 is right around the corner ...... when did that happen ? 
pioneer waterland with the nieces and nephew then over to Gremes for her birthday !!!! 
Can't wait to go to Toth's tonight ...... it's been ages !! 
painting , painting , and more painting ! 
Call me immature , but there is something about listening to < PROPFIRST > Swift's Fearless that makes me feel 17 again ...... love it ! 
It amazes me that people spend all of their time playing facebook games and facebook stalking each other .............. DON'T YOU MISS THE REAL WORLD ?! Turn off your computer and live a little 
spending the day with my Greme and Gramps !!! 
you know it's going to suck out there when you are on your way to work at 4:30 am and it is already 78 degrees !!! Ewwwwww 
Officially 5 more days til the season 3 premiere of Sons of Anarchy !!! If you don't watch it , you are missing the best show our generation will see !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Today is the day ................. 10:00 can't come soon enough 
The cats and I are loving this weather !! 
MONDAY NIGHT FOOTBALL 
is it possible to die because you coughed so much that your head fell off ?! 
football , football and more football ( by myself , my hubby would be so proud ) ........ Let's go Cowboys 
LONG day at work ............ 
< PROPFEMALE > is coming on Saturday ( hopefully ) .... I'm going to rock as Aunt < PROPFEMALE > !!!!! Can't wait !!! 
I am in love with the most precious girl in the world !!!!! 
My poor cat is sick ............... 
If anyone reading this still says their prayers at night , please add my cat Bootsie to your list . He is either fighting luekemia or a raging infection in his little body ..... 
If anyone reading this still says their prayers at night , please add my cat Bootsie to your list . He is either fighting leukemia or a raging infection in his little body ....... 
He's with the angels now ........... Love you Gramps 
spending the day with Greme , < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > !! Yay 
< PROPFEMALE > had her first visit to her aunt Deannna and Uncle < PROPMALE>'s today !!! 
My husband and I just bought ourselves an early Christmas present ...... a Keurig coffee machine !! BEST THING EVER !!! Not to mention , $20 Kohls cash for buying it ! 
Throwing my amazing husband his 40th birthday party tonight !!!!!! 
Recovering from my amazing husband's 40th birthday party with the help of my couch and some football 
is hoping that the Cowboys sack Vick hard enough to paralyze his dog killing ass ..... 
work Christmas party ! 
9 hours of babysitting < PROPFEMALE > all by myself ! Let's see how I like motherhood ..... 
Turns out that I got my baby fix for a while .... Sophie is a handful , an adorable handful , but a handful nonetheless . We were happy to see mommy come home ! I was sweating all day and got thrown up on twice . Props to all of you new moms out there !!! 
is so excited to kiss the most amazing man ever at midnight !!! 
i hate to say it , but I'm a Steelers fan today ..... seriously someone needs to shut < PROPMALE > up for the year 
It amazes me how many mothers there are out there that scream and swear at their children daily and are sincerely upset that their children are rude and disrespectful . How can they not realize that they are the direct cause of that ?! I really feel blessed that my mom was and still is so amazing and that I think < PROPFEMALE > will be just the same with < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
