well there is only 2 hours left of 2010 , i cant believe its almost gone . Ive had a Blessed 2010 and want to thank my family and friends for lettin me be a part of your life , you all are the best folks ever . I hope everyone says a lil prayer for all of us to have a happy healthy new year !! be careful stay safe and God Bless , oh and I love you !!! goodnight family and friends and 2010 =)) 

well about 54 minutes left folks of 2010 ... this is the first year that i know of in 40 years that ive ever been alone on New Years < PROPFEMALE >....= (( 
has had a lazy day =))) 
whats on my mind .. hum , i honestly have know clue .... lol !! 
Consciousness : that annoying time between my naps ... lol 
Happy Easter everyone . Its fun for kids buts lets remember to teach them what this holiday is really about !! 
I just added a great pic of my sis and niece ... i miss them very much its been four years since ive seen them , my niece longer than that ... Im very excited to have them in my photos they are beautiful ... I have two beautiful sisters , i dont know what happened to me , i must belong to the milkman !!! 
Its such a Beautiful day ... now lets hope some idiot doesnt screw it up .... lol 
to the world you may be but one but to one you may be the world !! 
hello all ... i am trying to build up my friends by getting in touch with my high school class mates .. i moved away in 8th grade to < PROPFIRST > texas and really miss not getting to graduate with a great class of people ... so im hoping when you get my request to be friends you remeber me !!!!!! 
We have children going to bed without eating ..... Elderly going without needed medicines ..... Mentally ill without treatment ..... Troops without proper equipment ..... Yet we donate millions to other countries before helping our own first ...... 99% of ppl won't have the guts to copy and repost this .!!!!!! WILL YOU ??? i ... 
I try my best not to be negative and mean but let me just put it this way WORLD WAR 3 has jus began this evening .... dont mess with a mothers child ... not this mother anyway !!! 
Wishing Heaven had a phone so I could hear your voice again .. I thought of you today , but that is nothing new . I thought about you yesterday , and days before that too . I think of you in silence , I often speak your name . All I have are memories and a picture in a frame . Repost this if you have someone in Heaven that you miss here on earth !!!! I miss ya like crazy Mom ........... 
well dad youve been gone five years today and i cant express how much i miss you . I know your in Heaven lookin down and i know youre with me cause i always feel you around .. ive been with mom sinse the night you died , i hardly ever leave her side .. mom is great my partner in crime and thats the way it will stay until its one of our time .. see ya dad ... and oh I Love You ... 
I dont understand life or the people in my life , the problem is prolly really me .. if i wasnt afraid of goin to Hell , I would just take care of it and go be with dad ... 
Cant sleep because of all the stuff on my mind , layin in bed , trying to figure out what life changing decisions i'm goin to make . 
Is takin a break from cleaning ... and wants everyone that knows me .. know I love you and what I'm feelin are my issues and no one elses ... 
< PROPFEMALE > . < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > thanks guys ... everyone has problems and feels very much like i do all over the world , no im not alone ... but im not pretending life is great when its not .. im seeing myself in the people i love around me eyes ... and realizing in many ways my adult life has been a lie .. im not the person i thought i was and i dont like her ... if i were a vampire i would stake her in the heart !!! 
Name the Rec . Center after Dr. < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE >-< PROPFIRST > & Harvard Univ . alumni-lost September 11 , 2001 The cause now has 875 members . Their mission : Help us preserve the legacy of Dr. < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > by naming the < PROPFIRST > University Recreation Center in his honor ; an alumni who made a substantial contribution to society until September11 , 2001 
LMAO watching the tv show < PROPFIRST > and Good Times !!! I forgot how funny they were ... 
is wondering .. why people hold grudges ? I can understand needing sometime but that turns into days then weeks then months and then years .... i love all my FB friends and family !!! 
Happy Mothers Day to all my Facebook friends and family !!! Enjoy and Relax and pamper yourself if possible !!! 
sitting here responding to my request .. and find myself aggreviated because people dont respond to your request ... maybe its a hug , a kiss , a smile or a cause ... why dont you respond to facebook friends request ?? Im jus saying ..... 
checked on everybodys day of fun and excitement ... lol .. but dont feel like hanging out on facebook tonight , no offense , jus not in the mood ... nite love ya !!! 
is lmao cause i read a friends likes \why test on animals when we have pedofiles in prison\ " thats funny sh__ !!! " 
well fb family and friends which i consider family too , im very tired and sore . had more oral surgery today and im hurtin ... so meds and bed here i come ... good nite all ... hugs and kisses !!! 
A BLONDE goes to the doctor and he tells her he cant find the cause of her illness , but i think it could be due to drinking ... BLONDE replies , in that case i'll come back when youre sober .... lmao 
Right now a police officer is helping someone . A police officer is working the streets { day or night } to make it safe for you . A police officer missing their family while caring for yours . In the minute it took you to read this ; Police officer's all over the world are saving lives . It's Police Officer appreciation week ...... repost if you are a police officer , love a police officer or appreciate a police officer ! 
Very sadly , most of you probably won't do \ 
this , but will you put this on your profile and leave it for at \ 
least an hour . This is in honor of special education week and all \ 
the little kids that need a little extra attention and love ? 
goin to get compfy relax and hit the hey and watch a movie .. very tired tonight .. goodnight all FB friends and family , hope you have a nice day tomorrow .. 
Leave one memory that you and I had together . It doesn't matter if you know me a little or a lot , anything you remember . Don't send a message , leave a comment here . Next , leave this as your status and see how many people leave a memory about you . Make it interesting ! :) 
goodnight FB friends and family ... Love ya !! 
Happy Belated Birthday Bubby .... I fell asleep and when i woke up we didnt have electric til 5:30 am Saturday morning .... Love you Kiddo !!! 
is very very very upset i cant make it to my nieces graduation in Nashville TN ... the hubby couldnt get off work ... Im PROUD of you LINDSEY .... wish i could be there , my heart is broken ..... i love you !!!! 
is bored and bummed out cause im not at my neices graduation tonite in Nashville TN .. 
has been trying everyday to get our ducks in a row to get my hubby licensed to practice his profession in the BEAUTIFUL state of TENNESSEE , so we can blow this town .. no offense FB family or friends but WV doesnt doesnt feel like home anymore ... everybody is game except for you know who .. our SON !!! well he'll b 18 this year so if we go before hes 18 then he goes if its after then he can stay . 
has done her request and is calling it a nite on FB for now maybe back on in a bit , but i have to do my Tennessee research if i plan on moving .... which i do , if nobdy else comes with me , im goin ..... lol 
respect is given .. disrespect is earned 
I would like to think everyone for the Birthday Wishes .. it was better than getting cards .. I tried to thank each of u personally and hope i did leave anyone out , if i did im < PROPFEMALE > sorry and i thank you !!! It was a GREAT day ..... its also a hard day for me because my daddy past away on April 28th and then my bdday falls on May 28th , i cant stop thinking about him as it is , so my bday is always a lil harder ... 
Everybody let's do this : We should flood facebook with this ... I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of < PROPFEMALE > , and to the republic for which it stands ; one Nation under GOD indivisible , with < PROPFEMALE > and Justice for all . REPOST IF YOU THINK GOD , OUR COUNTRY , AND OUR FLAG DESERVE RESPECT !! Let's see how many < PROPFEMALE > ns will repost ... 
I love my FB family and friends but I don't play the farmville and things like that games , I'm sorry I jus like to get on FB and keep in touch with all of you that I love !!!!!! 
is fixing to get off FB and do some more Tennessee research if i plan on moving my butt there ... dont ya think !! 
is getting off FB and goin to lay down and watch a movie , tired today .. night all !! 
DON'TBUY THE PATRIOTIC PEPSI CAN coming out with pictures of the Empire State Building and the Pledge of Allegiance on them . Pepsi left out two little words on the pledge , \Under God . \ " ... Pepsi said they didn't want to offend anyone . So if we don't buy Pepsi's then they will not be ... offended ... when they don't receive our money that has the words \ " In God We Trust\ " on it . HOW FAST CAN YOU POST THIS ONE ?? " 
is up way to early , im jus sayin ... woke up with things on my mind , wonder what to do . should i go ahead and clean house and laundry .. YES ... should i have a yard sale .. YES !! 
This is an opinion to a status post by two respectful people ... people who think they are better clearly know they are not ... I've always believe misery luvs company ... i am a Christian and sin daily but I also ask for forgiveness cause that's not the person I want to be .... so if you claim to be a Christian please try your best to be one , u r human but atleast put forth the effort .... 
is very tired ... planning a yard sale and im goin to work on each room of the house til im ready , hopefully by this coming weekend !!!! 
Can't sleep .. I'm not believing this , nights like this annoy me ... I'm jus sayin ... 
is having another night of cant sleep .. this is really annoying me .. jus too much on my mind i guess ... 
is missing my son who hasnt been home in months .. now im fighting depression and its not fun !!! 
Is chillin enjoying this thunder smell of the rain and nice breeze .... 
If roses grow in heaven , Lord , pick a bunch for me . Place them in my daddy's arms and tell him they're from from me . Tell him that I love and miss him , and when he turns to smile , place a kiss upon his cheek and hold him for awhile . Remembering him is easy , I do it everyday , but there's an ache in my heart that will never go away .... I was so blessed to call him mine !! Copy and paste if your dad's in heaven . 
For those who have been treated unfairly by Christians , I am sorry . Jesus does not want us to be rude or judging . she said ' Love thy neighbor as yourself . 
Happy Fathers Day to all the GREAT dads out there ..... Enjoy your day !!!! 
did something nice for my hubby for Fathers Day , i put on make-up ... lol !!! 
brain is overloaded , got way to much goin on and is stressed out ..... HELP !!! 
The greatest man in History , named Jesus , had no servants , yet they called him master . Had no degree , yet they called him Teacher . Had no medicines , yet they called him healer . He had no army , yet kings feared him . He won no military battles , yet he conquered the world . He committed no crime , yet they crucified him . He ......... was buried in a tomb , yet he lives today . Repost if you believe this 
been depressed and i think its because its always around the same time of the month , the 28th the date my daddy went to Heaven ... love and miss him dearly ... love you Dad !! 
had a great day thanks to my niece and her hubby for giving my Bassett Hound < PROPFEMALE > , my baby a home ... you two are AWESOME !!! I can never repay you , you both are priceless .... THANK YOU SOOOOOOO MUCH !!! LOOOOOVE YOOOOUUUU !!! 
can not seem to wake up : 0 ( 
Sittin at the dentist .. jus got my teeth cleaned and now waiting on the dentist : 0 ) 
Just got thru bathing my bassett baby < PROPFEMALE > gettin her ready for her new home today ... I don't kno how I'm goin to do without her , < PROPMALE > depression !!! 
Let's flood Facebook with this !!!... I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the\ 
United States of < PROPFEMALE > , and to the Republic , for which it stands ; one\ 
Nation under GOD indivisible , with < PROPFEMALE > and justice for all . REPOST\ 
IF YOU THINK GOD , OUR COUNTRY , AND OUR FLAG DESERVE RESPECT !! 
waiting to talk to my niece who gave my baby bassett < PROPFEMALE > a new home today and hopin and prayin that shes doin GREAT .... cause i know i feel lost and i keep lookin for her but shes not here : 0 ( 
is feelin lost with out my dog < PROPFEMALE > but glad to report shes doin good which makes me feel better .... luv you < PROPFEMALE > 4ever !!! 
can not seem to get out of this cloud of funk ... i jus feel down all the time and worry about everything , please Ill take some advice and Prayers !!! 
is trying to stay busy cleanin the house so i keep my mind off other things ... being bored sucks !!!! 
... is waiting for < PROPFEMALE > Kutcher to jump out and tell me I'm Punk'd .. any day now , I just know it's gonna happen ... 
is tired of bein bored !!!!! 
has had a nice day ... i am hoping i found the jus right house in Barboursvillle for my family and i ... good price , nice location and fenced yard for another love of my life my bassett Maddie .. Prayers from my FB family and friends would be GREAT : 0 ) !!!! 
has had better days .. now im home hunting again ... ugh !!! need a place where i can keep my < PROPFEMALE > , my lil love !!! 
Theres always a little truth behind every just kidding ... a little knowledge behind every i dont know ... a little emotion behind every i dont care and a little pain behind every its okay .... 
PRAYER ALERT !!? For a FB friend's daughter AUDRIN < PROPMALE > . Hold the family up in prayer today . Her 2 year old daughter was just diagnosed with Stage 4 cancer . If you see this post , even if you dont know her , God knows ... Please post to your profile for 1 hour and say a prayer for the little girl and God Bless you for doing it ! ( How could any mom or Dad NOT repost ? )PRAY , please !!!!! You have our prayers !!! 
needs lots of Prayers PLEASE !! 
A\ 
SON WILL HOLD YOUR HAND FOR ONLY A LITTLE WHILE , BUT WILL HOLD YOUR HEART\ 
FOR A LIFETIME . \ IT'S \ " SON WEEK \"- IF YOU HAVE A SON WHO MAKES YOUR LIFE\ 
is tired of my laptop going nuts ... prolly got virus .. 
I am a bomb technician ... if you see me running try to keep up .... 
had a hard time going to sleep last nite and now its 6:24 am and im thinking to myself ... its too early for be to be up and this is what this time of the morning looks like ... 
wish heaven had a phone so that I could hear your voice again ... I thought of you today , but that is nothing new . I thought about you yesterday , & days before that too . I think of you in silence , I often speak your name . All I have are memories & a picture in a frame . Re-post this ... if you have someone in heaven that you miss 
went to the doctor today , all went ok i wreckin , gotta wait on blood work .... got a tough week ahead .. PLEASE send prayers and ill pray for all of you as well ... thank you !!! 
Has a momma who has made me laugh , wiped my tears , hugged me tight , watched me succeed , seen me fail , cheered me on & made me strong ! Momma's are a promise from God that you will have a best friend forever !!!! Put this on your status if you love yo momma !!!! 
has had a nice day and evening , my sis from the beautiful state of TN arrived this evening for a couple days and im soooo glad to see her !!! 
had a great time with my sis who came home to WV , i miss her already .. but i dont blame her for wanting to get home to the BEAUTIFUL state of Tennessee , would have loved to gone home with her myself .. love ya Sis !!!! 
has had a good blessed day ... ive gottin great news three times today ... jus what i needed ... its been awhile since ive had a really good day and felt good ... all i can say is PRAISE THE LORD !!!! 
There comes a time in your life when you just walk away from all the pointless drama and the people who create it and surround yourself with people who make you laugh so hard that you forget all the bad and focus on the good in your life . Life is too short to be anything but happy .... Repost if you agree . 
when you let the Lord out of the drivers seat in your life , you dont know which road to take ... 
calling all PRAYERS PLEASE !!!!!! 
Dear Lord give me strength .... Amen 
Dear Lord lead me and my family down the path we should take .... Amen 
my son has third interview at best buy tomorrow ... lets pray he gets its ... 
is trying to keep from worrying about every lil thing ... my mind is pooped .. 
always be thankful for what you have even if it isnt much because there are people worse off than you so thank the Lord each day for your blessings and always tell the ones you love that you love them ..... goodnight FB family and friends .. God Bless !! 
Today is World Cancer Day - I'd appreciate it if you would post this request . 93% won't repost it . A small request . Just one line . Dear God , I pray for a cure for cancer . Amen 
trying to find a home for my basset hound .. shes 9 years old and jus a sweetheart .. is anybody interested ... please let me know ... 
Let's see who is paying attention . Every single one of u r on my friends lists , as a result of a concious decision . I wanted u there !! I am not only glad to count u as friends , but as family . Let's see who on my friends list actually pays attention . Copy and paste this as ur .... status , I'll be watching to see who really is . I < PROPFEMALE > family and friendships . Thank < PROPFEMALE > for being a part of my life .... like this ? 
Children\ 
with special needs don't have an illness , so there is no cure and it's \ 
not contagious . They want what we all want : to be accepted . Most of you \ 
probably won't copy and paste this . Could you do it and leave it on your\ 
status for at least 1 hour ? It's Special Education Week , this is to all \ 
... the children who need a little extra help an ...... d understanding !!! 
HUSBAND'S WEEK : If you have a husband who makes your life interesting and fun , is\ 
your best friend , who has been with you through thick and thin ( including your waistline ) , who has been a blessing in your life and to whom you are proud to be married , copy and paste this 
my mind is still jus wondering .. 
decisions decisions ..... ugh 
ugh ....................... 
The age of 4 : Mom knows everything ! At 8 : Mom knows a lot ! At 12 : Mom doesn’t really know everything . At 14 : Mom doesn’t know anything . At 16 : Mom doesn’t exist . At 18 : She’s old fashioned . At 25 : Maybe Mom does know about this ! At 35 : Before we decide , let’s ask Mom . At 45 : I wonder ... . what Mom thinks about this ? At 60 : I wish I could ask my Mom about this . Post this if you have the best Mom in the world . 
ugh ................ 
Todayis World Cancer Day - I'd appreciate it if you would post this request ( 93% won't repost it ) . A small request . Just one line .... 
If u have or had a sister who has made u laugh , wiped ur tears , hugged\ 
u tight , watched u succeed , saw u fail , cheered u on & kept u strong . Sisters r a promise from God that u will have a forever friend . Repost if u have or had an Amazing Sister . Hoping all sisters read and think . 
ugh .... 
Is happy and blessed !!! Thank you Lord !!! 
Copy and post this as your facebook status and see what people rate you . ( 1 ) crazy . ( 2 ) wish we went out . ( 3 ) talkative . ( 4 ) sarcastic . ( 5 ) lovable . ( 6 ) sexy . ( 7 ) strong . ( 8)dumb . ( 9 ) spoiled . ( 10 ) mouthy . ( 11 ) wild . ( 12 ) goofy . ( 13 ) funny . ( 14 ) awesome . ( 15 ) amazing . ( 16 ) beautiful . ( 17 ) cute . ( 18 ) drama queen . ( 19 ) best friend 
is cuddled up in bed watching Halloween movies .... fun !!! 
YOUR\ 
SON WILL HOLD YOUR HAND FOR ONLY A LITTLE WHILE BUT WILL HOLD YOUR \ 
HEART FOR A LIFETIME . IT'S ' SONS WEEK ' .... IF YOU HAVE SONS THAT MAKE \ 
YOUR LIFE WORTH LIVING BY JUST BEING AROUND THEM , IF YOU ARE PROUD OF \ 
YOUR SONS ... COPY AND PASTE THIS TO YOUR STATUS 
I want my family and friends know ... I love you all very much and you all mean < PROPFEMALE > very much to me !!!! 
I love this time of year , it was such a beautiful day today .. thank you Lord .. its gettin to be the time of year for families to be together and enjoy and love one another .. i know i am Blessed and love my family .. 
Well I'm showered and back from the ER and after four weeks of thinking my ankle was jus a sprain turns out I broke it ... good goin huh 
has a 1000 wishes . A cancer patient only has one : to get better . I know\ 
97% of you wont post this as your status but my friends will be the 3% \ 
that do in honor of someone who has died of or is fighting cancer , \ 
xxxx15 
If\ 
your DAD is or was your HERO , your BEST FRIEND , or just the BEST DAD \ 
EVER , whether you are blessed to still have your dad with you , or if he \ 
is an ANGEL IN HEAVEN , copy and paste this into your status and let \ 
everyone know you are PROUD of your DAD . I Love and miss you Dad !!!!!!!! 
good night FB family and friends ... luv ya 
When you < PROPFEMALE > the Bible ... satan gets a headache .. When you open it , he collapses ... When he sees you reading it , he faints , when he sees that you are living what you read , he flees ... And when you are about to re-post this message , he will try and discourage you .. I just defeated ... him !!! Copy and repost if you can ..... Any takers ? 
I remember the day you passed away . Although I loved you dearly , I couldn't make you stay . A < PROPFEMALE > heart stopped beating , hard working hands at rest . God broke my heart to prove to me , He only takes the best . Put this on your status if there is someone in Heaven that you miss every day .. every second , every minute 
I got my xmas cards tonight and im so excited .... i love to do xmas cards !!! 
well so far ive done 81 christmas cards and im still got away to go .. i luv doin it tho its fun !!! 
well i guess i will work on more xmas cards for awhile then i might come back to FB to see whats goin on ... 
My dad was my hero , my best friend , and the best dad ever , if you are blessed to still have your dad or if he is an angel in Heaven , paste this to your status and let everyone know you are proud of your dad , and that you love him dearly . You can replace a lot of ... people in life , but you only have one dad 
well i guess ill get back to doin my christmas card , i lost count somewhere in the 80's and still more to do but like i said i love doin them its fun !! 
Well turkey day has arrived ... yeah but let us all remember this day is a day to be with family and friends .. I'm very thankful to have my family and friends I love each of you soo\ 
dearly ... God Bless and Happy Thanksgiving to everyone ... and please take a moment of silence to remember there are people out there homeless and have nothing to eat and \ 
say a prayer for them to mankind !!! 
well im stuffed like a turkey and think i will work on some xmas cards for a bit or i might jus relax tonight and stay out of the cold tomorrow and work on my xmas cards 
well my mom has gone to Tennessee for awhile to stay with one of my sisters , boy im goin to be lonely without her ... love my mama !!! been living with her for 5 years since my dad went to heaven .. 
well im missing my mom shes visiting my sister in TN for awhile and the hubby and son are both at work , so im lonely ... 
Beautiful day out but cold , so I'm jus stayin in bein lazy watchin tv and nappin off and on ... 
I can't believe < PROPFIRST > Nielsen died at age 84 , he was so funny and I didn't realize he was that old , man where's the time go .... he's made me laugh so hard darn near wet myself .... lol\ 
RIP ... you were awesome !!! 
Heavenly Father , I come to you as humble as I know how . I confess my sins , those known & unknown . Lord , you know I am not perfect & I fall short everyday of my life , but I want to take time out to say thank you for your mercy . I may not be < PROPMALE > with money but thank you for my home , food , family , friends , & for everything YOU have BLESSED me with .... Amen . Repost if GOD has blessed you ...... in anyway 
FACEBOOK FRIENDS !!! SOME APPS ARE SENDING NOT VERY NICE MESSAGES USING YOUR NAME !!! IF YOU DON'T WANT TO GET INTO TROUBLE WITH YOUR FRIENDS , COPY PASTE AND SHARE THE POST !! IF YOU HAVE RECEIVED ANY FROM ME , BE ASSURED I DIDN'T SEND I T-T hanks for sharing this !! 
well im goin to get off FB for awhile and work on my xmas cards for a bit .... sound fun ... i luv it !! 
well goodnight FB family and friends ... ya be good !!! 
ok , they have the movie meet the parents , then meet the fockers now they are comin out with little fockers the movie ... whos goin to go to the movies with me :) 
It's CHRISTmas ... not X-mas !!! Don't remove Christ from HIS birthday !!! Post this if you agree ... Please 
wants to know if status shuffle is acting up on anybody else , mine wont let me set a status ..... hum 
im so not ready for cold winter weather .... yuck !! 
Change\ 
your FB profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To\ 
not see a human face on FB til Monday , Dec . 6 . Join the fight against\ 
child abuse . Copy & paste to your status to invite your friends to\ 
do the same 
goin to look for some more cartoon characters .. be back later to see whats goin on this snowy evening ... 
come on people lets see those cartoon characters , we need support STOP CHILD ABUSE .... LETS GO !!!! 
Come on people , who wants to go shoppin with me , let me kno .. we can go to marshalls tj maxx and the mall and where ever else ya wanna go !!! 
im seeing alot more cartoon characters on FB thats good but there are some of you out there that need to pick you a cute cartoon and support STOP CHILD ABUSE !! come on folks lets goooo ..... 
IMPORTANT : This\ 
whole changing thing about your profile picture to your favorite \ 
cartoon character thing was actually created by a group of pedophiles , \ 
because if children see pictures of cartoons they will add them , it was \ 
currently on the program of Internet frauds and will apparently be on \ 
... tvsome time tonight , put this as your status to warn people and change \ 
your profile pictures back 
hum ... idk ?? 
hum , what to do ?? 
Don't ya just hate when people don't answer your texts messages or answer their cell phone ??? 
good night FB family and friends ... im tired and facebook keeps freezing on me so im out .... 
it should be illegal to get this cold out ... burrrr 
well gettin off FB and goin to lay down and watch some tv . everybody please be careful with this weather we are having .. good night and God Bless !! 
everybody be careful in this weather and buckle up and drive safe and God Bless !! 
i know the kiddos enjoy gettin out of school because of the snow it so very pretty to look at but remember its cold and the roads are bad so everyone drive safe buckle up other than that have fun enjoy and God Bless ...... 
im sorry facebook but i dont feel like doin ya tonight .. night all and God Bless .. 
Every Christmas you always hear people saying what they want and bought . Well this is what I want : I want people who are sick with no cure to be able to be cured . I want children with no families to be adopted , I want people to never have to worry about food , shelter , & heat . Now lets see how many people re-post this who actually care .... 
I guess we better be ready for a white christmas cause it looks like more snow isw headin our way .. goodnight and God Bless ..... 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to those family and friends who celebrate Christmas tomorrow , I hope you have a WONDERFUL day with your loved ones !!! 
Dear < PROPFEMALE > , I don't want much for Christmas , just for the person reading this to be happy . Friends are the fruit cake of life . Some nutty , some soaked in alcohol , some sweet . Mix ' em all together and they're my friends . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas & post this to all your fruitcakes . \ 
\ 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas Everyone ! 
< PROPFEMALE >?* ? • ? ? • ?? Christmas ? ? * ? *\ 
° ? ° ? * _ ? _____ *?* ?? ? * ? * ? • ? ? • ?? \ 
? ? • ? • */______/~ ??? ? ?? ? * ? * ? ? * ? *\ 
? ? • ? • ? ????? ? And a Happy New Year ... to all my family and friends . Have a Great 2011 ... from our home to yours ! ...... pass it on !!! (ˆ?ˆ) \ 
GOD BLESS !!!! 
ATTENTION Class of 1989 ..... does anyone know anything about < PROPFEMALE > Lambert ?? I would love to get in touch with her ... please let me know thank you !!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone and God Bless !!! 
On this day 18 years ago at 9:20 am my son was born , my best gift ever ... Happy Birthday and I Love You !!! 
well now Christmas is over , i pray everyone had a Blessed one , now on to the new year , wow cant believe its around the corner .... goodnight and God Bless !!! 
it was a very beautiful day .... im jus sayin !!! 
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^l |^^^^^^^^^^|\ 
l HAVE A SAFE * AND * HAPPY NEW YEAR |” \”; .. 
Jus got showered after havin a great two hour chat with my awesome cousin , thank you < PROPFIRST > it was fun , you rock and I love you !!!! 
is having problems with facebook for some odd reason , its jus not acting right . Is anybody else havin any problems ? 
goodnight FB .... 
If you believe in God , repost this ! Please don't ignore , you are being tested . For it says in the Bible , deny me in front of everyone , I will deny you in front of my father ..... 97% WON'T POST .... Will you 
Somewhere , right now , a nurse is getting yelled at for being late with meds , holding their bladder cause there's no time to go , starving because they missed lunch , being puked on , pooped on , bled on , yelled at , and is missing their family while taking care of yours !! In the minute it took you to read this , nurses all over the world are saving lives . Repost if you , love a nurse . 
Cousins are the 1st friends of your life . Cousins are there as childhood friends . No one will ever understand your crazy family like your cousins ... even if you haven't talked much lately ... Re-post this if you have some of the best cousins in the world !!! 
snow and cold go away .... night FB !! 
very sad .. goodnight 
be back later , gotta join the family talk ... 
Asking if everyone could please put this as your status for 1hr . if U or someone U know has/had cancer . My prayer is that in 2011 a cure will be found . Will U post it for just one hour ? Do it for all of us 
I am an UN-APOLOGETIC < PROPFEMALE > N !! I pledge allegiance to the flag of the UNITED STATES OF < PROPFEMALE > , and to the REPUBLIC for which it stands , one nation under GOD , indivisible , with < PROPFEMALE > and JUSTICE for all !! I grew up reciting this every morning in school . We no longer do that for ... fear ... of OFFENDING SOMEONE !! Let's see how many < PROPFEMALE > NS will re-post this & not care about offending someone ! 
nothin goin on with facebook , so ill check back later :)) 
not alot goin on with FB so i'll check back later : 0 ) 
i guess i will start watching american idol ... 
not much goin on with facebook ... maybe ill check back later :)) 
well , im watching old reruns of Angel and < PROPFEMALE > the Vampire Slayer and i cant decide if i love < PROPFEMALE > with Angel better than Spike .... im lovin them both !!! 
Let's bring it on home baby .. let's go Steelers !!! 
TOUCHDOWN STEELERS !!! 
?????????????????????????? \ 
?????????????????????????? 
TOUCHDOWN STEELERS ... THAT HOW WE PLAY THE GAME !!! 
We Steelers fans are superbowl bound baby .... yes !!!! 
ok ladies ... how many of you think < PROPFIRST > Polamalu is SEXY HOT !!!!! 
Kentucky just passed the best law ever !!! To be eligible for any Public Assistance - Food Stamps , Medicaid , or Cash Assistance - for your Children or yourself , one has to pass a DRUG Test . Now every other state should do the same . People that work have to take a drug test , so should they ! ***** RE-POST if you agree ! *** 
not much goin on with FB , so i guess ill try back later . now to watch american idol !! 
ONLY AN AUNT can love like a Mommy , keep secrets like a sister , and behave like a friend . If you're an Aunt that loves your nieces and nephews . post this to your status . I love all my nieces and nephews very much !!! 
I am lovin this pretty weather , how about you guys !!!! 
it has been one cold day and night , please bring on the spring !!! 
hopefully feel alot better tomorrow , gotta get the house in order cause my mama is finally comin home this Friday and i cant wait !!!! 
have enjoyed this BEAUTIFUL day aned evening , bring on some more ... 
has enjoyed this BEAUTIFUL day and evening and my mom comes home tomorrow YEAH !!! 
I am lovin these beautiful days we are havin , they are AWESOME !!! Have a great day everyone ..... 
Love getting my nails done and a relaxing pedicure to top it off !!!! 
Has enjoyed this beautiful blessed day ... thank the Lord for good friends to be there for you !! 
Well my son showed me a new addictive game called Words With Friends , if anyone would like to play with me please come on down . My username is iamgabbie , just let me know what your username is too !! Let's have some fun !!! 
Sitting outside enjoying this fresh breeze and waiting on a good rain to come ! 
And down comes the rain !!! 
I love a good storm , they are so relaxing !! 
I'm so ticked off right now . I recorded American Idol so I could watch it later and it cut off before I could hear what all the judges said !!! OMG what did they say , can anybody tell me PLEASE !!! I can't believe < PROPFIRST > got voted off but the judges used their save thank goodness , I just don't know what happened next but man that was an AWESOME show tonight !!! 
What the heck , it's snowing !! This weather is driving me crazy .... I want spring and I want it now please !!! Is that to much to ask for ? I'm just sayin . 
I'm soooo excited , my favorite scary movie trilogy is back with SCREAM 4 !!! It's comes out 4-15-11 . Come on who's with me !!! 
Who's goin to be goin to the movie < PROPMALE > on 4-15-11 when my favorite scary movie trilogy comes out with the new Scream 4 ? Come on ladies let's put movie night on the calendar . Let's go with dinner and a movie 
Dr. Mazagri a great neurosurgeon formally of Huntington but moved his practice to Charleston went home to his country of Libya to help people and has now been reported thru the state department he's now missing . I'm so sadddened by this news . My husband worked close with Dr. Mazagri for years and was even once his surgeon , please keep him and his family in your thoughts and prayers , he is a wonderful man . 
Oh my gosh what wonderful fresh air on the this beautiful evening !!! 
As a person born in Lexington KY and pretty much raised between there and Barboursville , my family and I are huge UK basketball fans and I'm just wondering if anyone else is still upset like me about their loss last night . I just can't let it go , I'm just sayin !! 
Sittin here waiting on the relaxing sounds of rumbling thunder and enjoy the smell of the fresh air that comes with rain . 
Well I've got to get ready for the appraiser to come by the house day after tomorrow and get ready to put our house on the market . Hope everything goes smooth . Now time to find another place to call home . 
Enough with the migraines already , this is the third night in a row , any helpful home cures you know of , please share !! 
