.... listening to Ravi Zacharias ... 

I'm going to set down to some tv and then off to read .... love the rain ... 
.... ran some errands .... a little worn and sleepy thanks to the rain . Probably go to church .... looking forward to it ... 
didn't get to go to church or the movies ..... running errands ... 
gone reading .... 
... cleaning while Mum is gone to Revival .... may read later ... 
I'm about to eat some Chili .. 
... going to have a little fun today ... then back to me reading ... 
Oyasuminasai !!! 
My mum is going through the toughest time in her life and is in need of desperate prayer . 
Faithless is he that says farewell when the road darkens . - J.R.R. Tolkien 
Praying and hoping that mom will be home for Christmas .... 
Just made it home . Happy new years . . . 
Heaven's not enough If when I'm there I don't remember you And heaven's not enough You think you know it , then it uses you . 
.... chilling at the house .... may go out and get some fresh cold air . 
Just came back from church and hanging out with < PROPFEMALE > . I am eating salad and watcing a movie ... 
I pray for my haterz ... naw I don't think I have any . Had fun being snowed in with < PROPFEMALE > and family ... 
How much they hate it ? very ! Kiss girls like < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > , I am never sprung but I Springer < PROPFIRST > .... 
Can't sleep .... 
It is a mindless philosophy that assumes that one's private beliefs have nothing to do with public office . Does it make sense to entrust those who are immoral in private with the power to determine the nation's moral issues and , indeed , its < PROPFEMALE > ? .... The duplicitous soul of a leader can only make a nation more sophisticated in evil . - Ravi Zacharias 
Going to the Movies with my baby sister ..... 
.... going to bed early ... 
helping me mum today ... 
Looking for Waldo .... where are you < PROPFEMALE > ...? 
just got back from watching < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland .... pretty good in my opinion . Next Clash of the Titans .. 
eh ... not feeling it ... want me ?..... leave a message and I'll get with you tomorrow ......... maybe ... 
Can't sleep ... :'( 
Gingerbread man ..... going to < PROPFEMALE > out with some friends . Where's my storm at ....??? 
waving goodbye to our storm ..... : c 
going to see a movie with the kids ... 
I don't know what I'm doing , but it feels like I'm about to walk off a much higher < PROPMALE > .... 
All I wanted was you .... 
I'll be around all sorts of friends but the one person I love will be with another guy at the movies ... :( 
Sing to me about the end of the world/End of these hammers and needles for you/We’ll cry tonight/And in the morning we are new/Stand in the sun/We'll dry your eyes/Hold on to the world we all remember fighting for/There's still strength left in us yet/Hold on to the world we all remember dying for/There's still hope left in it yet . sing , sing arise . 
Every day you hold on to your lonely broken heart ( It's tearing you apart ) God is calling out to you just let healing start ( Will you open up and let Him in ) You decide ( Who will you run to ) Wrong or right ( There is no reason ) For you to hide/ Only love can change your life/ You decide . 
Sometimes it's hard to just keep going/ But faith is moving without knowing/ Can I/ trust what I can't see to reach my < PROPFEMALE >?/ I want to take control but I know better/ God I want to dream again , take me where I've never been/ I wanna go there , this time I'm not scared/ Now I am unbreakable , it's unmistakable/ No one can touch me , nothing can stop me . 
I'm here again/A thousand < PROPMALE > away from you /A broken mess , just scattered pieces of who I am/ I tried so hard/ Thought I could do this on my own/ I've lost so much along the way/ Then I'll see your face/ I know I'm finally yours/ I find everything I thought I lost before/ You call my name/ I come to you in pieces/ So you can make me whole . -- RED \Pieces \"." 
and it finds me/ the fight inside is coursing through my veins/ and it's raging/ the fight inside is breaking me again --- RED \Fight Inside \"" 
No matter what is said to me ... no matter what is done to help me . No matter what I do . I can't find my way out . 
Stayed the night with < PROPFEMALE > and gang and didn't sleep at all . I've learned a lot .... 
Just try it and I know you'll be happy . You just need to take that step . Please Trust Me ..... 
Pretty much spent the day with molly ..... had fun .. :) 
I am so bored ....... 
I wonder when she talks about missing him and all that stuff who she is referring to .... It's probably not me .... :'( or it could be for more that one person O_o .... or it could just be for me :) ...... but I doubt it . :( 
Hello .... \ 
? / \ 
/ ? \ 
/ \\ 
.... just tired .... 
Cause all of the stars have faded away . Just try not to worry , you'll see them someday . Take what you need and be on your way And stop crying your heart out . 
Friday's don't seem to mean much to me anymore ....... 
:( pray for me please ... 
:'( 
So sure she was like a brother Til you dropped another . So sure you kept it under covers Until you knew you laughter ( loved her ? )\ 
Now you can’t think straight Because you’re not straight in the back of her mother’s car . 
I'm Falling Apart ..... I can't do anything right anymore . I'm about to push a lot of people away bc I'm insecure and I deserve to be beaten ..... 
I feel a change in me and it's taking hold and bringing me down to the lowest point I have ever been . Sorry to all those i have brought light to that I'm such a disappointment . This is all my fault . 
Wake up , now it's over , just tell me it's ok to die 
I can't sleep ..... I'm not sure what i want to do bc i don't know what you want and i'm bummed and in pain . I don't want to lose you no matter how much it hurts . If you're happy with him then i'll just deal with the pain and find a way to be friends . It won't be the same but it won't matter bc you'll be happy with him . i'm really really sad . 
It's getting worse ... no matter what i do .... how much i pray .... it's only dark . I don't blame anyone .... it's my own fault and i'll suffer for it ..... 
< PROPFEMALE > made my day ...... You make me so happy ..... 
And all I can taste is this moment And all I can breathe is your life Cause sooner or later it's over I just don't want to miss you tonight / And I don't want the world to see me Cause I don't think that they'd understand . When everything's made to be broken I just want you to know who I am . 
I'll find a way to make it through by holding onto you .... 
wish i could just stop by and maybe say hi , wish i could just stop by and lay by your side ... :( I miss you T . 
Getting ready to go to Cedar Bluff for < PROPFEMALE > Day .... 
But evil things , in robes of sorrow , Assailed the monarch's high estate . ( Ah , let us mourn ! - for never morrow Shall < PROPFEMALE > upon him desolate ! ) And round about his home the < PROPFEMALE > That blushed and bloomed , Is but a dim-remembered story Of the old time entombed . 
I will be the answer At the end of the line . I will be there for you While you take the time . In the burning of uncertainty , I will be your solid ground . I will hold the balance If you can't look down . < PROPFEMALE > Mclachlan - Answer 
just going to stand there and watch me burn , well that's alright bc i like the way it hurts . 
I do whatever it takes When im with you I get the shakes ; My body aches when I ain't With you I have zero strength . There's no limit on how far I would go , No boundries no lengths . 
I just lost my friends and the girl of my dreams in one day .... 
Played a long game of good o ' chess and had fun at Tayter's B-Day Party .... Miss 17 now .... Going now to see my dad and then maybe out to Broad St. 
If there is an exception to every rule , then every rule must have at least one exception ; the exception to this one being that it has no exception . There's always an exception to the rule , except to the exception of the rule — which is , in of itself , an accepted exception of the rule . 
Religion is a lot more like politics . The only difference is that with religion you get to confess your own sins . 
Gonna < PROPFEMALE > out in the Freakin heat , but it's with friends so it's all good . 
I have your purple pillow hostage .... 
Going to the Pratt's - :) 
Still a fool for you .... 
:( It isn't like you cared anyway ...... I guess your love was a lie .... 
And I say thank you for the scars/ With the guilt and the pain/ Every tear I've never cried/ Has sealed your fucking fate/ Did you take me for , a fool/ Or were you just too blind to see/ That every effort made has failed/ And there is no destroying me . 
Tell me you're in love with me , and I write songs and sing them to you . I loved you when you were already taken , and I waited for you . I know you wanted me to bc you said that you didn't want me to leave you when I was trying to let you go . You somehow overlooked me and found someone else . Wouldn't that make your love a lie ? Well you did the worst to me T , you topped the cake . 
You tell me that you need me Then you go and cut me down , but wait/ You tell me that you're sorry/ Didn't think I'd turn around , and say ... \ 
It's too late to apologize , it's too late . 
I'd take another < PROPMALE > , take a fall Take a shot for you/ And I need you like a heart needs a beat But it's nothin new/ I loved you with a fire red-Now it's turning blue , and you say ... \Sorry\ " like the angel heaven let me think was you/ But I'm afraid ... " 
Darling , I forgive you after all/ Anything is better than to be alone/ And in the end I guess I had to fall/ Always find my place among the ashes . I can't hold on to me/ Wonder what's wrong with me ? 
And if I bleed , I’ll bleed , Knowing you don’t care . And if I sleep just to dream of you And wake without you there , Isn’t something missing ? 
I dont think she understands the sacrifices that I made/ Maybe if this bitch had acted right I wouldve stayed/ But ive already wasted over half of my life I wouldve laid/ Down and died for you I no longer cry for you/ No more pain bitch you/ Took me for granted took my heart and ran it straight into the planet/ Into the dirt I can no longer stand it 
Forming a new , stronger Crew . It is a time for friends to stand up with one another and overcome whatever comes our way . 
I thought I was waiting for the girl I loved but all I was really waiting for was another heart break .... Right when I was about to move on she claimed that she needed me then turned around to cut me down . It's all good though ..... I'm not going to wait for anyone ever again .. 
Seven seven with the lime will keep me safe/ Long enough to stop the thought of your embrace inside my head/ The lies that I've been fed/ Throw it back behind my lips the pain is gone/ Line em up and knock em down the night goes on/ And on and on ( and on and on ) to let me cope with this disaster . 
For the road that we walk has more < PROPMALE > left to talk , Stories on and on we go , Into the great wide open , No it never came back to break me , The way it broke it down , Spiting from the bridges , While the tree gives a soft sigh to the ground ... 
“The very powerful and the very stupid have one thing in common . Instead of altering their views to fit the facts , they alter the facts to fit their views ... which can be very uncomfortable if you happen to be one of the facts that needs altering . ” 
' Cause I wanna learn how you save yourself for someone who loves you for you ? And loves me for me we give it away to someone who , someone who'd < PROPFEMALE > your name < PROPFEMALE > your name . 
Should've done something , but I've done it enough . By the way , your hands were shaking . Rather waste my time with you . Should've said something , but I've said it enough . By the way , my words were faded . Rather waste my time with you . 
( Fuck with my heart ) I'll teach you what it's like\ 
( To be so used ) That you'll have to clean\ 
The dirt Stuck in Your plastic fingernails\ 
And just the scent of you is enough ( To make me sick)\ 
And all I know is Revenge is sweet 
Come on baby take it home people are starting to stare and they're turning off all of the lights , we've been putting on a show all ni-i-i-ight .... 
dammit ..... spread legs not lies ...... bahahaha 
I'm finally waking up , a twist in my story . It's time I open up , and let your love right through me . I'm finally waking up , a twist in my story . 
Why is a < PROPFEMALE > like a writing desk ? 
Put your helmets on we're going to battle keep your armor up cause we may not return I once solemnly swore I'd knock down Heaven's door But now I'm not so sure . I'm not so sure . I feel like the apocalypse cow . I'll sacrifice myself right here and now . :) 
Well , we're running into a dead end where I'll have a brilliant plan that basically involves not being in one . :( oh well .... 
I like exploring into the night .... :) 
Did you , did you really think you'd found somebody ? Or did that vodka make you leave with me ? Ain't it funny how you wake up runnin ' When it felt so right last night . 
This love feels so fucking right ... :) 
Ya just bitched over nothing jack-ass ..... you only throw freakin bible verses whenever they suit you . 
I am heaven sent , Don't you dare forget . I am all you've ever wanted , What all the other boys all promised . Sorry I told . I just needed you to know . I think in decimals and dollars . I am the cause to all your problems , Shelter from cold . we are never alone . Coordinate brain and mouth . Then ask me whats it like to haveMyself so figured out . I wish I knew .. 
Yes . Ok , ok , ok , ok . Dalek Fleet . Minimum , 12,000 battleships , armed to the teeth . Aaaaaaaaah ! But we've got suprise on our side ! They'll never expect three people to attack 12,000 Dalek battleships . Cos we'd be killed instantly . So it would be a fairly short suprise . Forget suprise . 
keep my swagger keep it looking good for ya keep it looking hood for ya shawty if you don’t know I got I got I got I got your back boy .... erm .... girl ... :) 
You could crush me . Please don't crush me ' Cause baby I'm a dreamer for sure , And I won't let you down I swear this time I mean it , And I'll sing a < PROPFEMALE > And hope to God she's listening , Sleeping softly while I sing , And I'll be your memories . Your lullaby for all the times Hoping that my voice could get it right . 
I could've sworn we disappeared tonight . Come on and dance with me . Come on and dance with me , baby , And don't you know I just appeared tonight ? You want to dance with me . You want to dance with me all night . Nobody there will ever see us . Don't talk , don't walk ; it's just the two of us . Dance with me , dance with me . You want to dance with me . Dance with me , baby . 
I spill my heart from coast to coast . Fall in love with everyone . I know Sometimes it isn't where you're going it's who you're with . 
Maybe I'm to blame Or maybe we're the same But either way I can't breathe Either way I can't breathe . All I had to say is goodbye . Were better off this way . 
Cause we are the only ones , we will get up And we are aware , ' cause we've been through it ' Cause we are the only ones , we will < PROPFEMALE > each other on our own . ( Saosin - Collapse ) 
Screw crying me a river , I want a damn Ocean ..... 
Getting ready for Knoxville ........ * yawn * ...... I got this ... 
-o- zzzzzzzzzzzzzz 
Sorry , I've got a complex life . Things sometimes don't happen to me in the right order . Especially weddings . I'm awful with weddings . Especially my own . 
I've watched you change Into a fly . I looked away . You were on fire . I watched a change In you It's like you never Had wings . Now you feel So Alive . I've watched you change . I took you home . Set you on the glass . I pulled off your wings Then I laughed . }: D 
>:) 
You could have been all I wanted But you weren't honest Now get in the ground . You choked off the surest of favors But if you really loved me You would have endured my world . Well if you're just as I presumed A whore in sheep's clothing Fucking up all I do And if SO here we stop Then never again Will you see this in your life . C&C - Welcome Home 
Goodbyes are meant for lonely people standing in the rain And no matter where I go it's always pouring all the same . These streets are filled with memories Both perfect and in pain And all I wanna do is love you But I'm the only one to blame . Cause today , you walked out of my life ( Stay with me , or watch me bleed ) Cause today , your words felt like a knife ( I need you just to breathe . ) I'm not living this life . 
You take the breath right out of me . You left a hole where my heart should be . You've gotta fight just to make it through Cause I will be the death of you . :( 
“Life is divided into three terms - that which was , which is , and which will be . Let us learn from the past to profit by the present , and from the present to live better in the future . ” < PROPFIRST > Wordsworth Amazing Day .... :) 
dar liom féin :( 
I see you Cause you won't get out of my way . I hear you Cause you won't quit screaming my name . I feel you Cause you won't stop touching my skin . I need you ; they're coming to take you away . --- Breaking < PROPMALE > \Away \"" 
Is breá liom tú fós . Tá sé go deo . 
I was told to never let you go . I promise you've the prettiest of eyes . It hurt so bad but you wont let it show . I'll never let you know it feels like the past and now inside common sense will never let you go . -- Parabelle \(I was told ) to never let you go \"" 
My tears drop waiting for the fallout ( This must be the way down ) And it won't stop everything's a blur now ( This must be the way down ) Everything was bound to change Now I know I could've saved us ( This must be the way down ) the white tie affair \the way down \"" 
Gonna try and learn a dance before church starts tonight at seven ..... 
“And you learn that love , true love , Always has joys and sorrow , Seems ever present , Yet is never quite the same , Becoming more than love and less than love , So difficult to define . And you learn that through it all , You really can endure , That you really are strong , That you do have value . ” 
I would rather share one lifetime with you than face all the ages of this world alone . 
I'll love from afar , and in the darkness I'll be your < PROPFEMALE > . Maybe I'm not the one you want to take but at least I'll have you before I wake . Put out of my mind that I'm right for your heart , for God's blessing can only be our < PROPFEMALE > t . 
Need Prayer .... Depression is trying to come back . I'm fighting really hard . 
x_x 
:( I just want to be happy with you . 
Had fun Bowling .... Love all my friends ... I'm home safe , and I'm tired . 
I miss my guitar ..... :( need new strings for my acoustic ... 
Hanging out in cartersville . Concert tomorrow ! :-) 
Heading home . Rocked out . I'm so tired . I'm stuck in traffic . 
Yay i'm home . I'm going to be so tired in the morning but i'm prepared . 
It's Aman day ....!!!! 2 Corinthians 12:9 And he said unto me , My grace is sufficient for thee : for my strength\ 
is made perfect in weakness . Most gladly therefore will I rather glory\ 
in my infirmities , that the power of Christ may rest upon me . \ 
( KJV ) 
At petland . . . With Friends hanging out . 
At church getting holy . . 
Going to the Lake .... I count only the wise to listen to because they speak what they know . Enough said .... -_- 
Done eating about to see my dad it's his birthday . 
Having lunch with < PROPFEMALE > . 
Paid my respects to < PROPFIRST > the slug and told < PROPFEMALE > a bed time story . Yep , just an ordinary day . 
About to head for Church ..... Almost all the Crew is showing up except for Taytor -_- . Naw she sickish so pray for her ... 
About to go home . . . Tired . 
In the cold glass reflecting light away from me , we're frozen in time . Where I'll always wait , I can hear no sound just your face showing through the clouds . 
mmmmm la comdia < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
At my dad's chilling . . . 
X_X done some serious reading .... 
It's my time for a victory . You can beat me down , but I'm still here . I know I hurt some people , but I'm willing to make up for it and never look back . I will be a light worth revealing to those who just need a hand . 
Eating out with my extended family . T , ya need to check your facebook . 
Going to < PROPFEMALE > with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > ........ 
Monsters really do come out at night ...... :( 
Is this what I'm meant for , no longer interesting ? We fall forward to even the score just to point to you . : C 
You are all I ever wanted . :( I just won't ever feel complete without you and if it's a loosing battle I'm fighting then at least I'll have my certainty in you and the Lord's mercy of which I'm going to desperately need . <3 :'( 
Singing to Breaking < PROPMALE > because it's just that kind of day ..... 
Going to atlanta . . . . Brb . 
I was born to tell you I love you And I am torn to do what I have to To make you mine , stay with me tonight . -- Secondhand Serenade \Your Call\ " I'm gonna give it another try . " 
going to Broad later by myself .... 
Nostalgia 
I give up .... :( 
I swear to the God of above I will never intentionally hurt you . If I have to vow in front of your family and the church I will do so ... 
Whatever you do in life will be insignificant , but it's very important that you do it . Because nobody else will . Like when someone comes into your life and half of you says you're nowhere near ready , but the other half says : make her yours forever . 
I had a good Birthday thanks to my wonder family and friends .... I love all of you .... 
mmmmmmm ..... HotPocket !! 
I learned that people are not worth crying over because they're not going to care . They'll leave you in the cold and dark , and the pain you feel will torment you until you start doing stupid stuff . I just want to be with someone who will appreciate being truthful . No more tears ...... 
My status wasn't about you , but you're right to an extent . 
You're my only exception ...... 
just forget it .... 
On broad . . . 
I'm home .... didn't want anyone else around anyway . It easier for me to start again bc I forgave you and I know I can trust you after that . If you're out please be careful . - night t . 
Taking neNene to 2nd ave . to get ready for the parade . 
I'm on broad st. If anyone wants to watch the parade with me . 
..... yeah .. 
And I thought that I found myself today And I thought that I had control All the change in my life just fell away For a moment I didn't need you . 
i just don't know how to win ( how to win ) with you and i can't let go part of me ( part of me ) is you .......... 
I know I'm not that great of a friend because I couldn't be there for all of you . I know I get detracted , and some of you probably feel neglected because I think too much of myself and not of your needs . You got each other and there really isn't a need for me for most of you , so you don't have to < PROPFEMALE > around me . Together , you've done a lot for me , and you don't have to do it anymore . I love each of you regardless . 
Cant run away from love if you cannot feel Everything falls apart in a tragedy I am so far away from gone I just wanna be here Everyone forms apart in my symphony ... 
You know the ending to the Butterfly Effect ..... I get it ... 
In a little while I'll be gone The moment's already passed . It's gone , and I'm not here . This isn't happening . 
I guess this is me for awhile : C 
Why love if losing hurts so much ? We love to know that we are not alone . \ 
- C . S . < PROPFIRST > 
.... going to the mall to look at some clothes . 
At < PROPFIRST>'s super secret party . . . . 
Bowling . . . Not so well . 
Out at sonic . . . . The real game is on later . Going through the spectrum . . Don't hate it just respect it . 
You just don't get it .... You're just gonna have to live a tragedy all because you chose to be ignorant so great job . 
. . . Tired . At church . 
... just talked to my brother .... he's coming Wednesday . 
:( what is happening to me ? 
Time that I encounter , call in my surrender I fear that I won’t ever cover up these wounds Leave the world a sinner , see my soul grew thinner And thinner , and smaller , the longer I’m alone . Bow down for me , bow down for me . Feel like I was meant to die but somehow stayed alive . :( 
Going to cartersville . . . 
At mall then fair . . . 
.... had fun with my bro .... feel like I've been everywhere and back . 
< PROPFIRST > was in a wreak so pray for him please 
.... I think I'm starting to see the bottom .... just remember some of you made me what I'm turning into so don't be surprised when I turn my back like you did . You're right that ya don't need no one close to you or maybe that was just a lame excuse but I'll see it through . I give up and giving in .... maybe that's what ya wanted ... 
1 . Here we go I found the problem in this scenario , there she goes making sure that he doesn't know what a fucked up show . Bro , I just wanna say thanks for helping out with my problems ... oh wait that's right you couldn't fix your own damn self and expect me to solve'em . 2 ----> 
2 . Where did it all begin and where have I been . One day I was kissing her the next day it was all a blur when the boyfriend couldn't take anymore . I don't blame him , to her we were just a fucking door , but I apologize said my prayers and left it in the past . It didn't last and it came back pretty damn fast . Where is God when ya need him ... only in the people when ya see them ? 3 -----> 
4 . Naw I ain't forgot about you sitting there about my hair , what I wear , and all about my affairs . Answer your damn phone if ya wanna hear from me , maybe I'll come around if you could better see that I'm not fit to be in your fucking photo but don't you know though that the rest is meant for you . last ------> 
last . I'm going to the damn school and probably find some slut just to hear you complain how my heart will be broken well too late you put in your own damn token ..... like everyone else . Some of y'all tell me you love me but ya turn right around and ignore me .... fuck you .... I love you too . Maybe y'all be better off without me .... 
:( x 10 
Genius has an idea ... just leave me alone with my problems I can handle it . I don't need your support , but you need mine right ? As long as I'm not a bore or you'll abort or you had fun but don't wanna < PROPFEMALE > out .... fuck you . I'm tired of your shit this is it . 
Naw I give ..... you win but I'll wait when this shit begins again . It'll be you this time and I'll watch from the side because I know you cannot hide ... I tried . Maybe it is sacrilegious to say this on a Sunday but church is just business and you are all out of runway . Ya beating your own drum of the damned , a step for every sound until you are bound by the flames all around . 
You're married to her in your mind\ 
And she loves you like a son\ 
Yearning for a place in time\ 
And a hope to call your own . Smashed into you hard enough\ 
That you will not soon forget . He wants her like a sword and sheild\ 
And he wants her here and now .... 
Take me home with you ..... I don't care if you ignore me as long as I'm with you . 
Why can't I hold on to you ? 
Breathe for me Don't wake me from this slumber . Stay With me Possession taking over .... 
not looking forward to sleeping tonight . :( 
..... alone . 
I have some parts of my shattered heart we can share that way we can both be complete . I wish I could feel your warmth .... you always seem to make me physically weak but I wouldn't trade it for anything . 
You said that you can only see me as a friend but that's not how it was before .... are you saying that love died ? There is no one like you and I don't believe you but understand that I can't ....... 
I need somebody ......... :( 
I ain`t got many friends left to talk to . No one`s around when I`m in trouble . You know I`d do anything for you . Stay the night , but keep it under cover . I just wanna use your love tonight . I don`t wanna lose your love tonight . 
..... don't want to wake up ... 
Worse day ever :( x 10 
Anyone who wants to < PROPFEMALE > out tomorrow ..... name the time and place and it'll happen . 
Blood-stained sheets In the shape of your heart . This is where it starts . This is where it will end . Here comes the < PROPFEMALE > again . Beyond the pale Everything is black , No turning back . }: ( 
Sever me from the fall . Fuck the people , Fuck the world , Fuck it all . Open my arms , Bleed out the flood In crimson I begin to drown . Distance yourself from the pain that covers me . I reach out for your hand to find there's nothing left for me . :( 
Home sweet home . Something in the night felt like a door had been opened , an < PROPFEMALE > of the past , an old monster snapping its eyes open in the depths of my brain . Closing your eyes forces you to look at the darkness inside . 
The thing is .... when you live in a dark world of the hopeless ; faith is just a few steps out on to an active intersection when things go wrong you can assure yourself that it's okay but the pain doesn't go away . It'll infest in your brain to make sure it doesn't go away . 
I get it .... I lost , you win . Don't back off of me now give me the rest of it ... you never held back before why should it fucking matter now . I'll make it easier for you and disconnect from everyone else . They lied to me and hurt me anyhow . 
Underneath the cold anger and pain .... there are still traces of warmth that still cares ... maybe that's why it hurts so much for so long . 
I tracked you down with this . This is my timey-wimey detector . B ) 
Train in da way ...... needs to move but nope still sitting there .... working on teleportation which irks me bc it's all fine and dandy when ya get all the molecules to break apart to travel to another area instantly but they won't go back together that well . On a side note ..... live subjects require too much cleaning after experiment . 
Will you still hold me when you see what I have done ? Will you still kiss me the same , When you taste my victim's blood ? 
Ya know when you watch a person try for something knowing very well that the outcome will be the same as before but they think they can change it some how by doing nothing different ...... just need to tell myself to step away from the retard . 
Much much much better today despite losing a dog . Spent the day with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > . Church was awesome ..... :) :) :) :) :) :) 
..... going to < PROPFEMALE > with < PROPFEMALE > :) 
... Stressed out to the < PROPMALE > }: ( not cool at all ..... really really frustrated X 10 .... 
Almost time for Samhain :) 
Pride is not the opposite of shame , but its source . True humility is the only antidote to shame . 
busy busy busy day ..... :( 
.... all the running around is almost done :) just a few more stops .... 
Awesome night ..... Round Two Tomorrow .... ;) 
There's a place downtown , Where the freaks all come around . It's a hole in the wall . It's a dirty free for all . Going to broad later ... :) 
Muhahahahahaha }: ) 
Just now getting to bed ..... Round 3 anyone ???? }: ) 
Now I’m feelin so fly like a G6 ...... :) Good day thus far .... 
im ready for whateva somebody betta tell em . i'll be here when the smoke clear and errything settle ( fereal ) . :) About to leave for church ...... 
Happy All Saints ' Day ..... round 4 !!! Now I'm making excuses to celebrate ..... :) 
Gonna be chilly tomorrow ..... :) 
lol .... can't sleep . Got to get this school thing done . I have procrastinated enough . Need motivation ... Got so much I need to be doing . O_O ( FOCUS ) 
Am I not destroying my enemies when I make friends of them ? 
Punk goes Pop 3 is out :) :) :) 
Lol let me show ya how it's done 
wow .... awesome night ... :) ------> C : 
I'm about to go on a political rant .... 
Awesome Night .... one of the best days ever ..... just got in ... so tired . I had a full day . Getting ready for whatever ...... : I Make way .... 
....... so drained but I got some stuff done . :)) Now on to the next one .... on to the next one . = B 
<3 Eggnog :) 
.... I was fine until about an hour ago .. lol .. just a < PROPMALE > bit cold for my taste . Got my mind focused and getting close to ready for school . I'm ready to get out of Rome and be in Kennesaw where it makes a little more sense ... not to mention the girls there are looking good ... =) 
Well .... it seems like we skipped Fall and went straight into Winter ... we just had ice rain . 
Weird day lol but a good one . . . . About to watch megamind . 
Wow ! There is so much to do , and a lot of people to see . My day just ended , and it's like 4 a.m. Crazy huh ? Fun night . Same thing for tomorrow but I'm hanging with my best friend first thing . Then to my dad's , to a friend's new crib , then to my cousin's for online death match in some Halo Reach . Got some dates lined up for next week , hopefully there's a descent one . I had to come up with better standards for myself . 
Wow ! There is so much to do , and a lot of people to see . My day just ended , and it's like 4 a.m. Crazy huh ? Fun night . Same thing for tomorrow but I'm hanging with my best friend first thing . Then to my dad's , to a friend's new crib , then to my cousin's for online death match in some Halo Reach . Got some dates lined up for next week , hopefully there's a descent one . I had to come up with better standards for myself 
If I wanted to go see Jackass , I would watch the President on T.V. with not extra cost . I think I'll watch Paranormal Activity Two with my friends after church instead . 
Continuing the book . . . . Ellinar and The Crescent Gaze . There are only two people who can see this so if you can see it you're special ... :) 
< PROPFEM < PROPMALE > E > will never be destroyed from the outside . If we falter and lose our freedoms , it will be because we destroyed ourselves . < PROPMALE > 
Sir , my concern is not whether God is on our side ; my greatest concern is to be on God's side , for God is always right . < PROPMALE > 
It's always good to stand up against your demons but sometimes you just need to scream to let them and yourself know that you're not moving from your Rock . My God ---- they'll know your voice ----- . Rock On !!! LOL get it ....? 
Kristallnacht :( 
I just realize I have a terrible fear and can't beat it . A bad headache doesn't help matters either . :( I can't even think straight . Medicine doesn't work . :( 
I do not heart the tetnas shot that has made my arm throb all day , and the visit to the dentist who scraped away on my teeth making a terrible sound although I did get an excellent report about my teeth . 
He was so deadly in fact , that his enemies would go blind from overexposure to pure awesomeness . 
If I could pull you from wreckage We'd be all fine , oh lord Don't tell me this is happening . If I could hold you for a second We'd be all right , oh lord Don't tell me this is happening . ( This one is for you ) ;) Bless The Fall - Stay Still 
X_X I have a head ache .... 
Atreyu , Chiodos , and Bless The Fall Tomorrow :) 
I just got into an argument with myself ... 
Going to atlanta . Pray for my safety . 
At cameli's . . . About to eat a panini . 
One band down four to go :-) . Awesome thus far . . . . 
Two down three to go . Goin to get brutal here . 
Chiodos was awesome . . . Two to go . . . 
Atreyu next :-) :-P 
Great night about to head home . 
I made it home , had an awesome night . It was really really fun . Every band was great , the energy there was hardcore , and the girls i danced with were hot , and I was so violated and I got a kiss . Had to fight some dudes twice my size off me during a mosh pit resulting in a sore jaw and a possible bruised arm and leg . The whole place went crazy . I loved it . 
Just got home .... so sore . X_X . . . . but I had a great time . I loved it from start to finish though I wasn't sure I was going to make it near the end . It was so crazy . By far the roughest concert .... The whole place was a mosh pit . There was no escape so I jumped right on in and it was pretty cool . Didn't really get hurt just tiresome after awhile . 
You built this prison by yourself , Dug this grave with your own hands , Pretend this was never yours . I love it when you lose yourself ; It makes it easy to forget you , Pretend this was never yours . --- Blessthefall \You Deserve Nothing & I Hope You Get Less \"" 
I am very disappointed in a certain person who was suppose to be at a certain place at a certain time * cough a-m-y . 
About to read the first book of Utopia by < PROPFIRST > Moore . 
wow ... she was so hot .... but unfortunately dumb . I mean the first time out was great but the second time .... when are confusing Tuna as a bird and still claim to be a vegetarian after eating Tuna .... something is wrong ... lol ... just saying .... 
I'm so stiff and bruised , but it's all good . I can't really complain ... 
shhhhh ...... ( whisper ) I have to be quite . I wonder if my headphones are too loud . 
I know my guitar isn't that loud ..... C : 
Time is on our side . Our two worlds collide . These four words might help , \Just go f$&# yourself ! \"" 
Love the weather .... Great day .... which means I'm on a roll .... :) 
Going to bed early .... my head hurts again .... should be fine when I wake up . 
It's pretty cool when you're the source of enertainment . Now , imagine what I just said without going too much into the gutters . Okay ? 
She seems pretty cool .... :) 
Next concert .... Winter Jam 2011 ... mainly because of Newsboys and Red ... 
lol .... ok so apparently I like crazy Asian chicks , and it seems they are attracted to me . I had a great night .... :) <3 Bedtime ... 
lol .... ok so apparently I like Crazy Asian Chicks .... had a good night ... 
ugh .... tired ... I got this though .... 
mmmmm enchiladas ...... 
lol .... having a slow start today ... :) 
Getting ready to watch < PROPMALE > Potter .... going to the late show .. 
Sometimes we just need to leave it in God's hands ; otherwise , our interventions will make matters much worse than they already are . 
When I let go of what I am , I become what I might be . 
A light that shone from behind the sun ; the sun was not so fierce as to pierce where that light could . < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
About to go to my dad's ..... X_X tired ..... 
Having the best moment in my life .... :) 
;/ Just getting up , :O * yawn , BI get my glasses on , B ) knowing it'll be a good day despite having only a couple of hours of sleep . 
Church was really good . lol .... i have awesome friends . I met up with some people I haven't seen in awhile ... had a blast . Games , Pizza , bonfire , cool chicks , and a big mess . 
Invitive pleasure enticed by your measure to take what you can from me to fit inside your fantasy , but you have your moments . You get close to me . It's not like I'm not dependable but disposable . It's not like I'm not reliable but a liability to you . \ 
I will not FAIL to take you on , to hear you call me just sets me off . I'll bring you back to find away to undo the Fate that tied us . The Fates that lied to us . 
...... yup still up :/ 
“Have a heart that never hardens , and a temper that never tires , and a touch that never hurts . ” < PROPFIRST > Dickens 
Gonna take her out She's my latest attraction . Gonna < PROPFEMALE > around Wanna get a reaction . Yeah !! Gonna take her home cause she's over romancing . Don't wanna hold hands and talk about our little plans alright ! Anyone know the chorus ? 
Don't climb for a lifetime only to fall short of infinity . Everything is left With faith , some minds are sand ; But I prefer concrete This is what's going to separate us from them . - The Devil Wears Prada \Gimme Half \"" 
Someday , I'll be living in a big ol ' city , And all you're ever gonna be is mean . Someday , I'll be big enough so that you can't hit me , And all you're ever gonna be is mean . \mean\ " - < PROPFIRST > Swift " 
.... in the back of her mother's car :) Awesome night ... 
:) 
.... tired x_x settling down to a book well books ... I can never just stick to one book :) 
Big day tomorrow .... plans backed up to all the way to 2 in the morning ... get to see a special someone :) 
Let's make this happen , girl , We're gonna show the world that something Good can happen here for y o-o u , And you know that it will . 
FOOD !!! I've smelt it all night , and it had kept me up now it's almost time to eat it . * happy dance * hearting Whit being home and to be with family and friends . :) X 10000 
Second thanksgiving meal . . . . So . . full . X_X . . . 
Oh my gosh rum cake !! 
She's so beautiful ... can't wait to see her tomorrow ... :) 
Out with Craie , liegh , and whit for an all nighter for black friday shopping . . . :-) x 100 
What the freak !! McDonalds in calhoun serves breakfast at midnight . 
At the mall . . . :-) 
Just got home . . . Had a lot of fun . I love my people . . . Must sleep . . 
I now have all my peeps SMS subscription so I can keep up with all of you ... 
F%*& you , im running through these niggas like < PROPFIRST > jones < PROPFIRST > ... 
Hey Cutie * what up ? hey cutie * what up ? hey cutie I just wanna holla !! :) 
With every word you say . You take a part of me . We're wanted closer . The wait is over . \Heart in My Hands\ " - Trust Company " 
:) Short skirt .... Mentos .... and the Forum Bridge .... dang it was cold . Might stick with this one .... Awesome day . Dad's Post Thanksgiving Dinner Tomorrow !!! 
:-) x 100 
Finally got home ... fun night ... went to dad's and had a huge feast , went to wal-mart aka Hill < PROPFIRST > Hell , watched a movie with Whit and Craie then won a game of strip Guitar Hero against a beautiful girl . Turquoise and hot Pink Hello < PROPFEMALE > is all I gotta say :) 
I know who you are the leader of lost souls . You can't kill me I'm Immortal . I'm not afraid to die ; my soul will travel on . You can't kill me I'm Immortal . \Immortal\ " Adema . " 
Well if you're just as I presumed , A whore in sheep's clothing F$#&ing up all I do And if SO here we stop Then never again Will you see this in your life . Love this song ... 
Wow ..... I need to go to bed . May see my beautiful girl after church then hanging with either < PROPFEMALE > or < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow probably < PROPFEMALE > . 
I love my church :-) 
Staying home tonight .... still tired and I want to finish a book . Miss Whit ... I so need to clean my room I have clothes everywhere ... Church was great ... :) :) :) 
Awesome day .... Church , went on a date , took a short nap , then church again , and now who knows I might go see her . I love talking to her . She's like no one I've ever been with .... 
Save me , I'm lost . Oh Lord , I've been waiting for you . I'll pay any cost just save me from being confused . Show me what I'm looking for . 
West rome taco < PROPFEMALE > is open . . . About to get some tacos . . . Oh yeah . . . * Happy dance :-) x 100 
I have a lot of pride , and I am struggling with it . I could snap on a few people if they get too close and thank God I haven't done so , but I'm working hard on it . For me it's a start of a new < PROPFEMALE > . I've done some stupid things , knowing better and was depressed over it . Lol . No mas . I don't want any acceptance of who I am because I'm not done making me . I'm a work in progress . We all are . :) Got a great life . 
Going running tomorrow ... 
About to run in the rain . . . . 
Alright ... if ya haven't heard from me that's because I've been busy with loads of stuff . Don't hold it against me please ... I love you all . I'll keep my phone with me so if ya need to talk leave me a text and I'll get with you when I can . ;) smiles all around yo ... 
Parade . . . Arg . . . traffic 
Love the weather :-) 
I do not heart deer 
Just got home .... :) I could spend every day with her .... <3 
I'm burning up .. it's like 72 degrees in this house , and I require cold air or I'm going to pass out .... 
7 : ^ Stupid wireless router .... has me stumped . 
Just a < PROPMALE > bit cool outside for my taste . . . At McDonalds getting some hot chocolate . :-) 
Ok . . . < PROPFEMALE > fell through the ceiling at church but she's doing good . She's sore but fine . 
At KSU for orientation . . 
Finished with KSU . . . :-) 
Went and saw the Voyage of the < PROPFEMALE > Treador .... 
So ..... tired ... X_X but must ...... keep ..... going ... 
I want you to be free Don't worry about me And just like the movies We play out our last scene 
I want you to be free Don't worry about me And just like the movies We play out our last scene ..... 
I'm getting into you Because I've got to be . You're essential to survive ;\ 
I'm going to love you with my life . 
.... I'm getting use to the colder weather ... for me it's so much better than being cooked up in 60 - 70 degree temperatures . It's definitly my season ... 
I could’ve sworn we disappeared tonight . Come on and dance with me . :) 
I slept in today ..... like really slept in .... I gotta do something productive so I won't feel lazy . 
Looks like a good night for an adventure ...... 
Getting ready for the +Mas Party .... 
:( X 100 
won't you beg me and then tell me how to love you like anybody else would I know you're risking failure . Go run for cover . You better start to love her so much you're moving on and on . 
Don't feel good .... idk what's wrong ..... it's not like I'm sick .... just don't feel right like being dejected . :'( I may just become a recluse ..... 
Going out .... again ... won't be back till the morning .... 
Got through the Christmas play . . . Now i'm tired . 
In the end I still have the < PROPFEMALE > , but when my shadow passes over it's face I'll embark on a new journey . I will have a new name . I only wish I'll remember you , but you won't even see me for that to even matter . - Reform 
I've heard and watched people have such a hard time letting go of a person , and I know it's very difficult . We will eventually have to let go of all our relationships . We must let go for greater events to happen or it will likely bring us despair . Keep moving and don't stop , don't look back . 
Learn from the past but let go so you can live freely in the present , so you can look forward to a bright future . Do not block the opportunities for a better life because you've unwilling to move on . 
I get it .... just leave me alone because I know what you're getting into , and it's a long fall from your high horse . 
I'm tired . . . Had Enough parties for one day . Leave it to my dad's side of the family to spike the eggnog . 
Going to watch the peach drop . . . 
Lol 
On a mission 
My sister is freakin me out with her driving . 
To love is to risk not being loved in return . To hope is to risk pain . To try is to risk failure , but risk must be taken because the greatest hazard in life is to risk nothing . ” - unknown ... Friedrich Nietzsche just need to go on with his hopeless self . 
I need new guitar strings :( I was thinking if I play Halo Reach on Legendary I would get better but instead I just learn ways to die . I'm over it ... 
Ugh ... change in plans ... just gotta go with it .... 
ugh ... Easy test ... just wasn't a good day to take it .... head hurts . Ya know what though ? I got this ... Gotta adapt ... 
Cabbage Kimchi flavored noodles .... mmmmm ..... hot hot 80 
Ok so they think my dad has Trigeminal Neuralgia ... now according to Wikipedia it's also called the suicide disease and the worse pain known to man so I'm using WebMd instead . It's very intense pain around the eyes , forehead , or mouth if you could pray for him please .... 
You ever realize of all the protesting in countries like Egypt , Bahrain , Yemen , and Algeria ...???? 
Coming back Reformed .... :) + Day 2 
Getting ready to leave for Kennesaw ...... nice day ... still trying to get a program done for tomorrow and some writing to do for Technical writing ..... gotta get a move on ... 
Heading out .... see if I can get through the day with only four hours of sleep ... 
Making a program at home for school ... 
Going to get some repairs done to my car .... 
Just finished all my assignments .... well ... it's not perfect ... but I'll do better ... :/ 
System . Console . WriteLine(\Gotta get some things done today . \");" 
Going to the Mall .... then to the Movies .... :) 
85 on my second program - * happy dance * 
.... hanging with < PROPFEMALE > , craie craie , and Whit . :) 
... slowly getting sleepy .... slowly ... 
:) :) We have a warning here ... tornado where are you ...? 
.... Document Design ... * :( 
... going to get my hair did . 
I am officially out for Spring Break ..... :) 
.... going to Pizza Hut .. 
Well ... I tried to make skating my new thing but no ... not so much . I had fun though . 
.... about to go home ... 
.... genius .... Strawberry Cheese Cake and Pop Rocks ..... 
.... my heart hurts . 
:( 
.... alright .... already .... the show goes on ... 
... getting ready for church ... 
Twenty Five years old .... it's my business no matter where I go at whatever time . 
..... Bow Chicka WoW WoW .... ;) 
..... breathe slowly ... go with the beating of your chest as it rises and falls . The pulsing of your luscious blood flows by the drums ... The air between us is our life told as we take in our souls . 
I've watched your eyes fog and darken . Life seems more real that way , and you think that you can protect yourself some how by doubt . My light just wasn't bright enough for you , but I'll stay next to you until I'm no more . 
.... severally Pissed 
.... Mr. Professor sir .... I do not heart you much to punish all of us because of your confusion of what day an assignment is due . You will rue this day ..... 
Yay !!! My project due date is pushed back to tomorrow so I'm taking a long break . It's no way to spend St. Paty's day .... that's for sure ... 
.... so disappointed 
.... about to go out and do something ... not sure what ... but it's happening . Then I need to come up with a program before midnight ... 
.... feel like my brain has been connected to the computer .... five hours straight . Five HOURS !!! I'm getting better but still not comfortable programming . 
..... burning up !! Waiting for class to start .... Gonna find something on Netflix to watch .. 
.... the thing about being in computer laboratories is that it's nice and cold . :) 
.... gotta come up with a proposal idea that is within my means to research by Friday . ;( On my way to school .... 
Mr. Professor Sir of my technical writing class --- I do not like you . The lovely rough draft paper that you graded instead of my final draft has indeed many mistakes , but had you actually had the care to notice that behind my rough draft was the final draft that you were suppose to grade we would not be enemies right now . 
I am going to church and in need of some Jesus , for I am seeing red . Oh !! Please pray for the ( certain choice of words ) people on the interstate that I do not wreck or kill them . 
.... my plan for tonight .... about to go on a night outing :) .... write a proposal essay before I go to sleep ;( if I get to sleep . Simple enough .... 
My schedule for Summer isn't going to allow me to come to church on Wednesday :( Might as well stay in Kennesaw right ? 
Well just finished 95% of my program and an essay done .... taking a break tonight ... going out soon ... 
... the quite things no one ever knows ... 
.... going to see SuckerPunch ... 
..... welcome to my night shift 
<------- this is the best guy < PROPFEMALE > that a girl could EVER ask for !!!! I LOVE YOU JAMIE*hacked by & hearts ; < PROPFEMALE > & hearts ; 
...... atonement :( 
..... about to do a speech in a writing class ( doesn't make sense to me either ) .... not going to complain .... just ready for it to be over with ..... 
.... just finished an algorithm code about to make my way home . * < PROPFIRST > on back :) Gonna listen to some Ravi on the way home ..... 
-_- zzzzz I'm bringing my pillow to church and crawling under a pew . . . 
..... about to take the kids to see a movie . Wow ... Facebook's spell check suck . 
... zac may have broken his hand :O 
..... very frustrated .... can't even focus on anything , and I have a presentation in a few hours . I'm so disappointed and angry at myself . There is no excuse . 
.... ugh !! I have five assignments due within two weeks . As if I don't have another class to worry about . At least I'll suffer it with a group , and they aren't slackers except for one who hasn't helped out yet .... about to head back to Rome for Church . 
..... I don't know if you will see this or not , but you will be fine as long as you do what is right . It takes one commitment . I know you can do it . With God , all things are possible . Surrender , follow the path of truth that is there in front of you . Hope Remains if you would only seek it . It may not be what you want , but what do you know what is good for you compared to the Lord's knowledge ? 
