Sometimes i wish i was < PROPMALE > , but then when i see a prostitute getting arrested in the middle of the street , i remember its alllll worth it . 

uggg . 
a few days later and i still feel like a moron . 
does not like it when things start falling off of her car when she's driving . 
why do i keep dreaming so vividly ? 
i'ma B i'ma B i'ma i'ma i'ma B ... in B B B B Btown ! Tonight ! That is Tuesday the 20th of July . Call me and we'll make fun happen . 
is watching salsa competition videos . 
is getting her shoes did ! 
why does zouk look so awesome ? 
If you've been calling me , i haven't been ignoring you . I left my phone in bloomington . Somewhere ... Actually , if you know where my phone is , let a negro know . 
if you need to contact me today , call DO NOT text 317-610-7023 . This phone doesn't have texting so if you text me , i'll have to ask you for the money ... and beat you about the head . 
Messages that get sent to a million people kinda make me want to kill myself . The dreaded thread message . 
is a stupid loser face 
hates < PROPFEMALE > . 
watching the tone-deaf sing on the internet is one of life's little pleasures . 
i wonder what the end of the world would be like ... 
Its never you . 
i walked into a door today . Kinda embarrassing . 
i just went for a half an hour run at 4:00 in btown . I just got back . Spartacus inspires . 
im the biggest idiot in the world for walking into our glass door so hard that i cracked my skull and jammed our door so no one can open it . way to go < PROPFEMALE > 
is gonna get her body back into shape before she goes and applies at the < PROPMALE > school to be a model . 
is going on that run now . I hope i survive the heat ... its been awhile . 
check ur invites for some crazy shit . 
End of the World : T-minus 8 dayz ... 
Do you remember me ? 
The end is near people : T-minus 5 days . 
If you get a friend request from my boy < PROPMALE > , you probably oughta click yes . 
Three dayz people . 3 dayz . Check your invites ! 
I hate myself for liking True Blood so much . 
My dreams always know how to kick me where the sun don't shine . 
if you know whats good for you come to muh crib . 
:( 
would really like to be dancing right now 
Bout to get my run on ! 
ah , to be reduced to the fist bump . Lame ~ ! 
piano lessons and then mass . Arg ! 
Is gonna go practice just as soon as < PROPMALE > stops sounding good . :) :( 
So , i thought my class was at 8am . Its at 2:30 . Fudge . 
Is going to spend this month getting her body back into shape . 
i really don't want to go running . Now , to go running . 
Daily run : check . 1st set of 700 jump ropes : check . 
Dear anyone who uses a practice room and leaves for hours at a time : I hate you . On a good day , i will set your instrument outside . On a bad day , i will stomp on it . On a really bad day , i will stomp on you . 
money . 
So remember kiddies : When setting your alarm clock on your phone for the big ear training test the next day , please remember to actually pick the right day . Here i come crappy make-up test at the end of the semester . GRRRRRRRRRRR 
hates all things man-related . 
wishes she didn't sleep 50% less these days . 
Feels smarter than adults sometimes . 
well , well . 
Anyone know where my phone is ? If anyone would like to call it , I'd be most appreciative . 
it doesn't matter how many pairs of underwear i wash , there is just never enough . 
Hands down , that was the most realistic dream I've ever had . I hated to see you go . 
As it turns out , White Castle isn't actually meant to be eaten by anyone or anything ever . 
would like to know why my arm keeps throbbing painfully and my fingers are numb . 
doesn't know why I'm feeling so anxious . 
lost keys and purse in two separate incidents today . i'm an idiot . 
i'm hungry . Someone feed me . 
in need of a back massage . 
Ok , i might be actually willing to pay someone for a massage . My back is freakin ' killin ' me . 
Gonna stop being like this . 
really wants some chocolate milk . Like bahhh . 
Addicted To < PROPMALE > . 
I'm moving to Miami . 
Tip . 
can't wait for another exciting installllllment of RSM . 
My mind is tellin ' me no ... 
Nothing meaningful in this status update . 
back to the drawing board . 
Finally Feelin ' Free ! 
I whip my hair back and forth . - < PROPFEMALE > Smith 
feels rode hard and put away wet . And no , that's not a dirty comment . Its one of my mother's lovely expressions . 
hungry . 
just smacked the shit out of my head while getting something out of the fridge . Gah . 
back to flu like symptoms again . do not toss your cookies again . 
Is about to go buy some < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Cd's . 
is planning on doing all of her favorite things tonight . 
Did her 6 favorite things tonight . 
Doesn't like bladder infections . Since i can't get out of bed without running to the < PROPFIRST > , i think i'll stay and catch up on my listening . < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > is illy anyway . 
I need Mother Bear's . Please , someone go with me ! 
I just saw an add on the side of my facebook < PROPFEMALE > that said \Miles Davis : Box set\ " . I thought it said \ " Miles Davis : Sex Bot . \"" 
is dancin tonight . 
Would marry a man who bought me some Burju shoes . 
Turned on the stove top instead of the oven . I then turned on the oven without picking a temperature so it didn't turn on again . This better be some delicious fish , dag . 
came home and sat down at her computer and eventually heard scurrying . I thought a mouse ran past me ... it was a baby kitten ! I'm playing with a baby kitten ! yay ! 
kitten . That's what on my mind . 
Had an excellent time salsa-ing last night even though i forgot it was DST and wanted to die when i saw that it was indeed one o clock again , haha . 
is getting really sick . 
Hasn't been this sick in awhile . I gots the shakes and it ain't from the crack . 
has the immune system of a cancer patient . 
Misses my Co-CTP < PROPFEMALE > and my < PROPFEMALE > lover < PROPFEMALE > . 
being sick is like being hungover without all the fun of partying the night before . Dislike . 
it's hard out here for a pimp . 
infection , you got me again . 
as it turns out , you can completely bruise your leg from playing the tambourine . Who knew . 
hasn't felt this way in awhile . 
allergic reaction to antibiotics it is ! 
thanks super-obese family members for ensuring that i barely got anything thanksgiving dinner once i made it back to the house . Last time i checked you don't need 3 full plates of food , grr . 
blah , what a crappy morning . 
you ever just want to turn your neck inside out and cauterize all the yucky bits ? I didn't until this morning . Its sounding like more of a viable option each day . 
i really want some scrambled eggs , bacon , and sausage . 
thinking about doing something new with my hair . Suggestions ? I'm thinking about a fade ... could look nice . 
kinda wishes she had some company . 
. moderately addicted to Entourage 
i love all of you and happy thanksgiving , but please no more happy thanksgiving texts from people i don't talk to the other 364 days of the year . 
boo . 
likes my new hair cut , compliments of Mahogany Hair'stylist Turner . If i knew how to tag people in these freakin ' statuses , i would . 
is a little anxious . 
is watching russian latin ballroom dancing . so angry . 
< PROPMALE > , you a sexy mofo . 
< PROPFIRST > Thicke : Makin ' it do what it do , baby . 
Don't stand ... don't stand ... don't stand so close to me . 
# Everyone who writes those annoying statuses . You're lame . That is all . 
Anybody want to get a drink tonight ? 
if you were my keys ? Where would you be ? 
experiencing the bad side of < PROPFEMALE > . 
anyone in indy ? 
is on a love poem kick . 
Day 5 around my nephews ... I think my uterus just imploded . 
slammed hands in a broken window . 2 are bleeding , 3 are badly bruised , and none of them bed right . Awesome . 
is a particularly flawed human being 
officially signed up for the Indy 500 mini marathon . As god as my witness , i shall run the sucker in 1:55:00 
hmm . 
I'd like to give a shoutout to the 4th toenail i've lost . Hey , we had a good run . 
workin ' on bach . 
my kitten < PROPFEMALE > cost five dollars . I now know why . 
til sweat drop down my ballz ... till all these bitches crawl ... til ' awwww skeet skeet ! 
what to say here . 
5 minutes left for something else annoying to happen to me tonight . 
mass christmas text me and die , people . 
bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored ... and watching bones . 
i have to play a 10 o clock mass at one church and an 11 at another church . Masses are roughly an hour ... this should be good . 
if < PROPFEMALE > Johnston's stupid husband keeps eating all of the damn A1 steak sauce , i'm going to hit him with my car and bury him in my backyard . 
nothing says badass like a pair of thigh high boots . 
I hear you talking in your sleep ... and the secrets that you keep . 
phone is acting a little funny ... hit me up on here if you need me . 
If you wanna go out tonight , hit me up on facebook since i'm still phoneless . 
i have a phone now . If you text me , i'd suggest telling me who you are first . 
is hungry after a bit of exercise . 
learning a few pop tunes . 
6 foot , 7 foot , 8 foot high ! 
Big Bang Theory is hilarious ! 
maybe it was a bad idea to go salsa dancing until 3 , then go to steak n shake until 4:30 , then drink a shit ton of coffee , then stay up until 7 AM before playing 3 masses back to back . I'm praying for the sweet release of death . 
bored , who wants to go to nite moves ? 
Thank you , Bloomington Hospital staff . 
I want to be a whale . Oh wait , I already am one . 
i hate my roommates . 
bout to play a rousing game of truth or dare jenga . 
Is going to have a productive day . 
I'm stupid . This is me , saying this btw . I , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , am stupid . 
is experiencing a weird , but awesome feeling . 
Suck it , < PROPFIRST > P . 
Go time ... 2 days . 
My man is allllllllllllllman , man . 
life is freaking great . 
Come on male leads ... where you at ? 
\You're all i've ever wanted and i'm terrified of you ... still my castle may be haunted but i'm terrified of you ! \"" 
Know that if I'm on your list of people you send a mass < PROPFIRST>'s Day text , you're dead to me . 
I'm stupid . DUrrrrrr . 
< PROPFEMALE > Wilkerson is a terrible friend and even worse person . 
You make me smile when ain't a damn thang funny . 
good luck < PROPFEMALE > Alvarado and < PROPFIRST > Culmann !!!! You always kill it ! 
I think i'd make a pretty ok bartender . 
my boo is a beast . 
flashing unsuspecting roommates is one of life's little joys . 
i really wanna dance salsa really freakin ' bad . 
I took a shower , but then kept dancing , so that was pointless . 
just finished about a 6 mile run . Boss . 
gonna go practice and do some yoga . 
6 < PROPMALE > . now to shower and practice . 
crazy night . 
i'm winning . bi-winning . 
can't is the cancer of \happen \"" 
3 people asked me if i was ok tonight . I must look as exhausted as i feel . 
I'm done taking nyquil . I had a dream that i was eating chocolate chip cookies and i woke up with my scrunchy in my mouth . 
Go-getting . 
I feel great . 
Dear < PROPMALE > Pineda , \ 
have my children . \ 
Sincerely , < PROPFEMALE > 
Um , so i just made the most delicious lemonade you never had . 
i got dat salsa fever . 
let me smang it girl ... smash it and bang it . 
guess who works at Howl at the < PROPFEMALE > ? Me , biatches ! 
i really need to dance tonight . 
learning covers ... 
Listening to Aerosmith ... winning . 
boo 
glad i still have my computer considering my front and back door were standing wide open and no one was home . nice . 
sitting here memorizing lyrics . 
Wishes someone would tuck her in and read her a story . 
MEURURURRRRRRRR !!! 
to salsa or not to salsa ... that is the question . 
listening to alanis . 
Women , not girls rule my world . 
lady gaga is a genius , that is all . 
meurrrrr . 
On vaca . 
I could have children . I could also have a convertible . Convertible wins . 
meh meh meh meh meurrr . 
I hate melodramatic statuses ( stati ) . Just know that I care . 
bored as shit . 
Gym here i come . I'm on my fitness swag , ladies and gents . 
Oh what a night . 
ug . 
< PROPMALE > Moody is a < PROPMALE > among men . 
When you have a facebook name that is really long ( for example < PROPFEMALE > screwdemhatersomgimsosexy D ) you kinda look like a tool . 
Don't mess with suckas . 
Worst fucking birthday ever . 
Anyone tryna < PROPFEMALE > tonight ? 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes everyone ! Spent my birthday night watching blazing saddles with the very wonderful < PROPFIRST > Allman and the mostly ok < PROPMALE > Allman haha . 
Well , i'm a redneck woman , i ain't no highclass broad . I occasionally get the urge to say , \hell ya and yehaw\ " among other delightful colloquialisms . " 
well , shit . 
annoyed . 
I played bass , drums , piano , and sang on stage last night . Oh , so this is what not being in the music school does for me . 
Oh , True Blood , why are you so epic right now ? Stop toying with my emotions ! 
Alright , i'm looking or someone who can braid my hair today or tomorrow STAT ! Willing to pay good money . If you can't do singles , you need not apply . 
Here's to starting over . 
My name is trouble . 
\What do you got on your boobs ? \ " -3 year old nephew . \ " Sports bra\ " -23 year old aunt . " 
Frick . 
I fucking hate downtown traffic 
Sitting next to two really douchey douchebags . 
watching < PROPFEMALE > explains it all . weird . 
About to rejoin civilization . 
Finish this phrase . \Children should be ... \"" 
Finish this phrase . \ I woke up after a drinking binge and \"" 
I like pooing 
\I'm not having a threesome with that girl ! \ " . -drunk stranger " 
Lady gaga . Still a genius . 
I hope all these blows to my ego have a purpose . They probably do . 
< PROPFEMALE>'s if u screw up my order one more time , I'm gonna burn that place to the ground . That is all . 
I hope < PROPFEMALE > palin and < PROPFEMALE > bachmann spontaneously combust . 
So as it turns out , when ur screen is incredibly cracked , u can't < PROPFEMALE > up on butt dials . Crap . 
AT&T is a heartless greedy corporation . Also , bear grylls is such a man . Such a man , man . 
I'm moving to Minneapolis !!!! 
Who wants to move to Minneapolis with me ? Need a roommate . 
my phone is down and i've got the flu . Boo ! 
my back is in knots . Who wants to give me a decent massage ? I'm dyin ' here . 
I bet dog hell involves being chased around my a giant vacuum for all eternity . 
New phone . Inbox or text me your number , yo ! 
There's no room for babies in the < PROPFEMALE > . 
Screw you , asshole . 
Hide your boyfriends hide your husbands I'm going to BTOWN ! 
Diarrhea 
Anyone in btown wanna < PROPFEMALE > hit me up . 
