' s face is half burnt 

My iPod is apparently busted . Stayed up until 4 trying to fix it after restoring it but with no luck . Now it won't turn on . 
Is going to Chicago tomorrow for a Blink-182 concert . Gonna be AWESOME ! P.S. Got a replacement for my busted iPod . 
3 words . Best . Concert . Ever . 
is playing crumble by 2mn 
broke and fixed the bridge pickup on my guitar . now it sounds better than ever 
yay all day beatles marathons 
IVE GOT BLISTAS ON < PROPFEMALE > FINGAS ! 
in case none of you heard , found out , esc , i am starting a band . any tips ? 
tired , bored , wants to fix a guitar but cant right now 
i lost my backpack at school somehow ... yeah 
Lost his iPod on saturday ... I guess ive been having bad luck the last couple weeks ... 
Anime club got canceled today . something about people being idiots 
haha , Basement Studio by The Ryans is a fun song to play . yayz 
does anyone have any Nirvana CDs i could borrow . anything but the greatest hits thing would be good 
sorry people , my facebook got hacked just to be clear , anything posted about 4 hours ago was not me 
i dont wanna go to school today , dont know why todays not just another day . 
im planning on getting my hair cut soon . how should it be cut ? 
Alright , im starting a band and i need a drummer and possibly a bassist . If you or anyone you know can drum or play bass and would be able to play in a band , pm me . 
I got my first haircut in over a year today 
playin \Little Busters\ " by The Pillows ( FLCL ) " 
you people have no idea how bored ive been . i just figured out just about the whole cowboy bebop opening on bass and guitar in about 45 minutes 
Going to Chicago . Be back by school . 
back in michigan . woo 
going to bandcamp tomorrow , should be fun . 
Thanks to everyone for wishing me a happy birthday 
Just because you're paranoid\ 
Don’t mean they're not after you 
Got a band started , Yea ! 
wants to talk to someone ... 
I liked having hurt , so send the pain below where I need it . You used beg me to take care of things and smile at the thought of me failing . But long before having hurt , I`d send the pain below , much like suffocating 
when you look at me , what do you see , the stupid things ive said or all my insecurities ... 
