\Happy New Year !!! Blessing for 2011 !!! " 

It is a new beginning , I want you to know that everything will be alright !!!! \ 
It may seem dark at the moment , but don't lose hope . There is always a light at the end of the tunnel , keep moving and you'll get there . God won't abandon you ; let God be your light . It may take some time , but in the end , everything will be alright !! Because It Works For The Good !!! 
One thing I know for sure is God still performs miracles !!! 
Dear Lord , I pray our minds and hearts will be opened and softened to the truth of Your Word . Help us embrace it and learn , grow and walk in the freedom of knowing that You are real and You < PROPFEMALE > a relationship with us . I pray we will take Your hand as we walk through this life . Instead of living in ignorance , may we walk forward , realizing that Your Truth is what sets us free . In Jesus ' Name , Amen 
Loves her Mom ! For all of you that aren't too proud to say thank you to your Mom's for helping you be the great person that you are today ..... please copy and paste to your profile ! I expect to see this many times on my < PROPFEMALE > . I love you MOM !!!!! 
WITHOUT GOD our week would be : Sinday , Mournday , Tearsday , Wasteday , Thirstday , Fightday , Shatterday , Seven days without God - Makes one Weak ! ( If you are not ashamed of God , post this to your status . ) 
Lord , I thank You that You love us so much that YOU want to totally restore , repair , rebuild , renew , and redeem Haiti . I know that no matter what damage has occurred in the lives of Haitians , or what loss they have experienced , there is nothing so great that you cannot redeem and restore them In Jesus Name I Pray . Amen ! 
God gave us one tongue and two ears , that means we should be listening , more than speaking !! What do you think ? 
God is clear on this subject , whenHe says He will not be mocked . Whatever we sow , we will also reap . That works both ways . We can be planting seeds of love and kindness . Or we can plant seeds of strife and contention . We can plant seeds of trust and faith or we can plant seeds of worry and fear !!!! 
My , My , I've been on the < PROPFIRST > Fast , for 21 days , the fast ended today , had greens , potato salad , fried chicken , corn bread and peach cobbler for dessert . It's amazing when you haven't eaten regular foods , it just didn't taste the same so I'm going to stick to fruits and vegetables . 
When will we ever learn ? There is NO recession in God's Kingdom !!!!! 
We are a called to work in God's Kingdom , but we must be Consistent , Committed , and Faithful , in doing what God has called us to do ! Be Blessed ! 
\Are you doing the will and work of God with a servant attitude \"!!!!!!!!" 
\ Happy Valentines Day to my FB Friends and Family ! " 
Acts 24:16 Therefore I do my best always to have a clear conscience toward God and all people . It is so important to live in such a way that you know you’ve done everything right . There is a peace and a confidence you have when you know you’ve done the right things for the right reasons 
Do You Let God Set Your Agenda ? 
\How Bout them CATS !!!! " 
The psalmist said , “I would have fainted , unless I had believed to see the goodness of the Lord in the land of the living” . 
None of us are flawless , but we serve a Mighty God who accepted us with all of our flaws ! He made the ultimate sacrifice for us , while we had obvious flaws ! Thank God For His Matchless Mercy ! It Truly Was His Amazing Grace That Saved A Wretch Like Me ! Thank God Now For His Mercy ! 
Faith Is Not Just For Other Folks ! It is for you to ! God loves us all , but God is moved by faith ! He gave us all the measure of faith ! It is not your great looks , or your awesome personality that will move God concerning your case , but it will be your faith and diligence in seeking Him as an Solution To Your Problems ! Faith It ! God Will Reward You For It ! 
\Why is it so hard for people to tend to their on business ! And stop meddling in other people's business ! Just a question ? " 
Marquette crushes Louisville 69-48 
\God does not give luck !!! God only gives blessings !!!!!!! " 
\HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY MOTHER ON HER 85th BIRTHDAY !!!! LOVE YOU MOM !!!! " 
\Love is not a emotion ! Love is a behavior ! \"" 
\ Great men and women are not always wise . \"" 
\ The CATS whipped that orange jacket off of < PROPFEMALE > today ! GO CATS !!!!!!!!!!!! " 
\ HOW BOUT THEM CATS !!!!!! GO CATS !!!!!!!! \"" 
The number one thing that stops people from getting what they want in life is the lack of focus . The number one thing that keeps people in realizing their goals , maximizing their potential , fulfilling their God-given assignments and purpose is focus . Wherever you place your focus , the rest of your mind , talents , abilities and emotions will follow . 
\LAW OF THE GARBAGE TRUCK ! \"" 
\ The Lord Is Saying Sound The Alarm !!!! \"" 
\GO CATS !!!!!!!! \"" 
\ I Want The Life I Live To Glorify God ! Do You ? " 
Thank God For Jesus !!!! 
I have authority ! Because I'm under authority !!!! 
\God's power is greater than any storm we face . \"" 
The Bible teaches that Satan is the “prince of the power of the air” . ( Ephesians 2:2 ) But the problem with Satan is we don’t recognize him when we see him . The truth is Satan will go to any extreme to make sure Christians don’t recognize him or his works for what they really are . That’s why the Bible points out , “For Satan himself masquerades as angel of light . ” ( 2 Corinthians 11:14 ) 
Isn’t it great that God does not judge us the same way that we judge others ? That’s right ! When God looks at our lives , he looks first at our hearts . Galatians 2:6 says “God does not judge by external appearance” . 
God got a blessing with my name on it ! 
On my way to Hoptown for the weekend !! Be Blessed FB family and friends !!! 
\THERE IS NO PLAN B ....... YOU ARE GOD'S PLAN A \"!!!!!!" 
21 Not every one that saith unto me , Lord , Lord , shall enter into the kingdom of heaven ; but he that doeth the will of my Father which is in heaven . 22 Many will say to me in that day , Lord , Lord , have we not prophesied in thy name ? and in thy name have cast out devils ? and in thy name done many wonderful works ? 23 And then will I profess unto them , I never knew you : depart from me , ye that work iniquity . 
\Don't let other people attitude get you off track\ " !!!! " 
Getting ready for the < PROPFEMALE > should be a fun time tonight !!!!!! 
My BFF got engaged today ! Minister < PROPFIRST > and Lanson The Blessing of the Lord be Upon both of you !! 
In all their distress , he too was distressed ( < PROPMALE > 63:9 ) . God has not lost the directions to your house . 
Does the life you live glorify God ? 
God is not a human being , and he will not lie . \ 
He is not a human , and he does not change his mind . \ 
What he says he will do , he does . \ 
What he promises , he makes come true . < PROPFIRST > 23:19 
Please Post 
\Has God entrusted you with His Work ? " 
Prayer Emphasis May 24-31 , 2010 
\ LORD SEND THE PENTECOST\ " !!!!! " 
\We had a wonderful time at the Bridal Shower for Minister < PROPFIRST > ! Thanks To All Who Attended\ " !! Congratulation My BFF ! " 
\ I'm greatful for God's favor\ " ! " 
\Prayer For Today \"" 
\ DO YOU WALK UPRIGHTBEFORE THE LORD \"!!!!!" 
\ Lord Today I Just Want To Let You Know I'm Grateful !!! I lift my hands and\ 
For my Friend , Jesus ! A new Facebook\ 
challenge ... I am out to prove that my friends will repost , I hope I am\ 
right !!! Let's lift up His name and make a statement !! When Jesus died\ 
on the cross he was thinking of YOU and me . If you are not ashamed of\ 
the gospel of Jesus Christ , copy and repost !! 
\IT'S TIME FOR US TO TAKE BACK WHAT THE DEVIL STOLE FROM US\ " !!! " 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of < PROPFEMALE > , and to the republic for which it stands ; one Nation under GOD indivisible , with < PROPFEMALE > and Justice for all . GOD BLESS < PROPFEMALE > MY HOME SWEET HOME 
\GOD BLESS < PROPFEMALE > MY HOME SWEET HOME \"" 
Every person has a control issue to overcome . However , Christ requires us to give up control in order to give us real life . It is the greatest inconsistency of faith in Christ \." 
Lord , we give You praise and we give You < PROPFEMALE > , for great alone is Your faithfulness . We thank You , Lord , for Your Word . We thank You , Lord , that You have begun a good work in us and that You alone are going to bring it to completion . So , Lord , we present ourselves to You today ; let the work begin that the Kingdom goes forth—and we do receive today , Father God , Our Redeemer Lives ! In Jesus ' precious name , Amen . 
\Confidence \"" 
\GO LAKERS \"!!!!!!!" 
ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø KEEP THE WAVE GOING ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ LETS GO LAKERS ? LETS ? GO ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ LETS GO LAKERS ? LETS ? GO¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ LETS GO LAKERS ? LETS ? GO ? ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ? 
Sin is sin—no matter how big , small , or sporadic it may seem . We must constantly remain pure and holy before the Lord , asking Him to forgive our transgression every day—those that we know and those that we don't . Thank God He sent his Son , Jesus , to cover those sins by His death on the cross so that we might have freedom through salvation in Him ! 
Now who went to bed crying after the game ? One thing for sure it wasn't the Laker fans !!!! 
Happy Father's Day to < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPMALE > ie , DJ , and < PROPMALE > you all are great fathers and grandfather . Love You All ! 
Happy Father'sDay to All My FB Brothers ! 
To All My FB Friends and Family , PLEASE be careful what you put on your FB status , especially if you are employed , and are looking for employment . Your status can cause you to be fired or not get the job you applied for . My friend got fired this morning after 17 years , because of the things she wrote on FB . Example ( talking about her personal situation , cussing , the list goes on and on . JUST BE CAREFUL !!!! 
\Jesus Christ is the same yesterday and today and forever . \ " -- Hebrews 13:8 " 
NBA Draft Who's going First ? 
KY made history last night ! Where the movie contract ? 
In case I missed someone Thanks For The Birthday Wishes ! I'm so grateful that the Lord allowed me to live to be 63 years old today ! He's been Mighty Good To Me !!!!!!!!! 
2 Corinthians 3:17 The Lord is the Spirit , and where the Spirit of the Lord is , there is freedom . Have A Good Holiday In the Lord ! He's the reason I'm free ! 
If you stand up for Jesus ! Jesus will stand up for you ! Amen !!! 
Favour is deceitful , and beauty is vain : but a woman that feareth the LORD , she shall be praised ! Give her of the fruit of her hands ; and let her own works praise her in the gates . 
For All You Lebron Hater !!!! 
\ Strive For Integrity !!! Not Popularity\ " ! " 
PRAYER STILL WORKS !!!! 
\Thank You Lord For All You've Done For Me !!!!!!!!! " 
Never Compromise Who You Are by Conforming to What Others Want You to Be !!!! 
\ Are You Humbling Yourself Before God ? " 
\It's Never To Late To Get Back On Track \"!!!!!!" 
I looked outside after the storm the rainbow was huge !! 
\Nothing But The Blood Of Jesus \"!" 
\God will never give you an assignment that does not require His involvement\ " !!!!!! 2 Cor . 3:5 " 
\ Do You Pray For Others ? \"" 
\Did The Lord Help You To Bounce Back\ " !!!!!!! " 
\Are You Ready For Church Tomorrow ? When Praise Go Up !!! Blessing ' s Come Down !!!!! " 
I'm Chosen For Greatness !!!! 
\Go With God ! God Will Go With You\ " !!! " 
God doesn't have problems ; He only has plans . God doesn't make bad days for you and good days for you . God makes each day fit perfectly into His plans for you . 
Tomorrow is President Obama Birthday !!! 
\ Praise Is My Weapon \"!!!" 
\God Anoints ! Man Appoints !!!! " 
Today , ask God for a second touch by coming and saying , “God , I received the first touch , but I’m not there yet . I’m not seeing things clearly . ” What God wants to emanate out of our hearts is an open , honest relationship with Him , where we’re able to come into His presence and tell the truth . “I’m better , but I’m not straight yet . I see things but it’s blurry . ” 
\GREAT IS THOU FAITHFULNESS O LORD UNTO ME\ " ! " 
Do You want to shock the world ? Start demonstrating the guts to do what's right when no one is looking . That's called Integrity !!!!! 
\ God Ways And Thoughts Are Not Like Ours\ " !!! " 
Question ? If God Decided To Write About You Today ! What Would He Write ? 
' We Must Uncover Our Sins and Confess ! Proverbs 28:13 
\God Does Not Show Favoritism\ " ! Romans 2 : 11 " 
\Aspire to Inspire before you Expire ! " 
32665 
Let us fix our eyes on Jesus today ! Through His grace and strength , we will successfully fulfill our purpose in God's Kingdom ! 
\My Faith Is Taking Me Somewhere \"!!!!!!!" 
Whenever God anointed someone in the Bible , He anointed them for a purpose , plan or agenda . He anoints men and women to be leaders , prophets , husbands , wives and more . True anointing is birthed out of pressure , through adversity , as we seek God’s face . The greater the pressure , the more powerful the anointing you receive T.D. Jakes 
When your intention and purpose are awakened by a signal that speaks to your deeper sense of direction , you become willing to venture into a territory without maps . You leave the familiar for the unfamiliar with the confidence that your steps are being ordered . You then operate at a higher level of integrity because everything is aligned within . Your authenticity emerges , and the lines fall to you in pleasant places 
\Why Are You Trying To Look Big ! When Little Become You \ " !!! " 
Question : \ Why Do Christians Act So Phoney \"?" 
\Do Not Be Bound By The Opinions Of Others\ " !!!!! " 
I want to ask you an honest question today : Who ( or what ) do you put your confidence in ? If your trust isn't in Jesus Christ , you're holding onto a life preserver that will sink when you need it the most !!!! 
Relationships are not always 50/50 , I thank God for close friends/family that can be my 70% on days that I am only 30% That's how the body of christ should be , less critical and more supportive and willing to help . Such were some of you , Good day ! CJ Akins 
Negative people get on my nerves quickly . They get on God's nerves , too !!!!!! 
There's a lot of people trying to do something for God , but they aren't authorized to do it ... God won't anoint you in your ministry if you aren't authorized to be doing that ministry ... WOW !!! < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > #Deeper Conference 
There is nothing more dangerous than an inflexible person ; one who will not hear the proceeding , progressive Word of God ; one who walks in his own revelation . Sometimes they never even notice that God is doing something new because they will never humble themselves to ask , “God what are you saying now ? ” 
Sometimes I Have To Encourage Myself !!! 
\We must develop the mentality of being Teachable ! God is the only one that knows Everthing !!!! " 
. ” God cannot be in the presence of sin because He is holy\ !!!! " 
\The Lord is a Consuming Fire who will ultimately destroy whatever is opposed to his holiness\ " ! " 
Why does God take such a strong stance against worry ? Its because worry quietly eats away at your spiritual health until bitterness comes in and destroys your faith and optimism . Since we live by faith , worry chokes the very life out of us ; leaving us asphyxiating on our problems and our pain . To God worry seems like a lack of confidence in Him . Trusting Him will always relieve such symptoms and bring peace . 
\Are You Totally Surrendered To The Father \ " ? " 
Whenever you experience challenges or doubt your ability to accomplish what God has called you to do , say this : “I am who God says I am , I can do what He says I can do . I can have what He says I can have . I’m a child of the Most High God . If He said it , it will surely come to pass ! ” Bishop Jakes 
Today's Menu : roast beef , ribs , fried chicken , hot dogs , hamburgers , polish sausages , greens , green beans , bake beans , potato salad , corn , banana pudding , blackberry cobbler and brownies . 
Where are the < PROPFEMALE > Fans ? You are awful quiet ? 
I told you this morning I was on the winning team ! Need I say more !!!!!!!! 
Have a great holiday ! If you have a job , Thank God for the job He has blessed you with !!!! 
As believers , we are called to reflect the character of Christ , to be holy even as He is holy .!!!! 
What is the Holy Spirit whispering in your ear ? 
Question : Why is it so hard for us to change and be what God wants us to be or called us to be ? 
\THANK GOD FOR JESUS !!!!!!! " 
\JESUS IS THE WAY\ " !!! " 
Because we live in a fast-paced society , many people have created the unfortunate habit of rushing into things . By slowing down and gathering more information , we make better decisions . When we do so , our lives drastically improve ! When you come to God as an empty vessel , He will teach you things and fill you with His wisdom . He will expose you to your purpose in life and your opportunities will be endless ! 
If our faces are covered by hypocrisy , lies , deceit , or any unclean thing , we will not be able to reflect His glory \.!!!!!" 
God has said , “Never will I leave you ; never will I forsake you” So we say with confidence . “The Lord is my helper ; I will not be afraid . What can man do to me ? ” Hebrews 13:5 -6 
A true friend doesn't care when you're broke , what you weigh , if your house is a mess , about your past , or if your family is filled with crazies . They love you for who you are . A true friend can go long periods of time without speaking to you and never question the friendship . Repost if you have at least one true friend . They will know who they are !! 
Since the promise exists of mounting up with wings , that possibility is certainly within your reach . It has been said that , “attitude determines altitude” . Attitude and accompanying motivation is attached to the perception of how feasible it is to achieve a desired outcome . Agree with heaven and believe that you can fly ! The reward bestowed will include elevated perspective , elegant power , and effortless performance . 
Lord help me to call upon your all-powerful name as I face challenges of various kinds . Take away my fear and arm me with faith and confidence . Use me to advance your kingdom in the midst of the struggles that lie ahead , and help me to remember that the battle always belongs to you !! Amen 
What can wash away my sin ? Nothing but the blood of Jesus !! What can make me whole again ? Nothing but the blood of Jesus !! Oh ! precious is the flow That makes me white as snow ; No other fount I know , Nothing but the blood of Jesus !!!! 
VIRUS ON FB using your pictures . It says you have been tagged in a picture , wants you to click on a link to see it , then hacks into your computer & all your accounts , including banking & other secure accounts . It destroys your computer . Once hacked into your computer , it sends .. e-mails to your ... friends telling them ... they ... have been tagged in pictures & starts the process again . PLEASE RE-POST 
\ BUT GOD !!!! " 
32665 update status 
Well the witch hunt is over !!! GO CATS !!!! 
\BECAUSE OF THE BLOOD\ " !!!!! " 
God is the light that shows me the way , for there is nothing that God cannot do . !!!!! 
The enemy does't care about your gifts or your talents , he only cares about your Faith , that's why he attacks it so often , position means little , titles means even less . It is your Faith that will stand out from among the crowd , and propel you to favor and pleasure before the Lord ! Amen ! 
We say we are Christian's ! Can we take off the MASKS and Be Real For Jesus !!!! 
Lord , I praise you for your constant care—for bringing me back when I have wandered from your ways ; for nourishing me , body and soul ; for protecting me in the dark times ; for making me lie down in peace . Because you are my Shepherd , I will fear no evil . Every day of my life will be filled with your goodness and love . !!! Amen ! 
\HE JUST CAN NOT FAIL \"!!!!!!" 
Thanks to < PROPFIRST > Baker for sending me Butterfly Blooms . I really like it ! http://apps.facebook.com/flower-gifts-f-djhce/home?tv3=mKrRaGQbFuCYxCuEKzTFhy6Bh0igbhKybaHR3Ognhg%3D%3D 
This should be interesting .. lets see how forthcoming my FACEBOOK \ 
friends are . Leave a 1 word comment that best describes me using \ 
theTHIRD letter of YOUR first name it can only be one word THEN copy and\ 
paste this post on your status so I can leave a word about you ! 
Whoever wants to be a leader ; must be your servant\ < PROPMALE > . 20:26 " 
\THANK GOD I'M SAVED\ " !!!!!!!! " 
I like it on my desk ! 
Thanks to my friend for sending me Cross . I really like it ! http://apps.facebook.com/faith-for-to-eggeaf/home?url=&tv3=mKrRaGQbFuCYxCuEKzTFhy6Bh0igbhKybaTX3e0igg%3D%3D 
I see what you've done . Now see what I've done . I've opened a door before you that no one can slam shut . You don't have much strength , I know that ; you used what you had to keep my Word . You didn't deny me when times were rough . 
Thanks to < PROPFIRST > Baker for sending me Peace be with you . I really like it ! http://apps.facebook.com/faith-for-to-eggeaf/home?url=&tv3=mKrRaGQbFuCYxCuEKzTFhy6Bh0igbhKybarQ0e8mgg%3D%3D 
\ EXPECT A MIRACLE EVERDAY \ " !! GOD IS A MIRACLE WORKING GOD !!! I'M A WITNESSS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! " 
Someone on facebook challenged all believers to put this on their wall . In the Bible it says , if you deny me in front of your peers , I will deny you in front of my Father , at the Gates of Heaven . This is a simple test . If you love God you are not afraid to show it repost this ! No fear here !!! It's an honor to post !.. 
There comes a point in your life when you realize : Who matters , Who never did , \ 
Who won't anymore ... And who always will . So , don't worry about people from your past , there's a reason why they didn't make it to your future . 
God specializes in taking you and me from the bottom to the top . !!!! < PROPFEMALE > 41 : 41-42 . 
Things may not look good !! But it works for the good !!!! 
I found out inthat everything that irritates you about others , is your key to understanding yourself . What angers you in another person is an unhealed aspect of yourself . If you had already resolved that particular issue , you would not be irritated by its reflection back to you !!!!!! 
It does not matter whether the candiate you voted for won or lost !!! God is sovereign , He in control of everybody and everthing in this world !!!! Don't worry about who control the House or the Senate , God knows what He doing !!!!!! 
\Ask God what steps you are to take for your breakthrough\ " !!!! " 
When you ask for advice , ask from those who had achieved mastery themselves . \ 
Ask advice on relationships only from friends who have deeply fulfilling relationships . Ask money advice only from those who are wealthy themselves . Ask advice on kids from your parents only if you are happy with the way you've been raised !!!! 
\We should give Thanks for what we have and stop complaing about what you don't have ! God's been to good to all of us !!!!!! " 
People are playing this game on FB . Ask me a question in my inbox and I will answer it on my wall . Very dangerous but just what the fleshed needed after a long day at church . LMBO 
\Blessed To Be A Blessing \ " !!! " 
The world never delivers on its promises .!!! 
One thing I have found out is , you can't hide your shortcomings from God . \ 
Failures , weaknesses , and fears ; God knows them all . Many people attempt to hide issues from God , but it is futile . Seems like a bummer until you realize that God loves you anyway ; unconditionally , immeasurably and infinitely !!!!!!! 
When it seems everything in life turns upside down , remember that you are in the hands of the Creator . Look to God , and you'll always know that God is right there with you doing the chaos !!!!! 
Everything passes . !!! \ 
Nothing is eternal , even the sun will one day disappear . Remember this simple truth whenever you are suffering , - that the suffering too shall pass , - and it will become easier to bear . !!!! 
Everyone you know is going to hurt you sometime ! You just got to find the ones worth suffering for . Look around , look closely at the people in your life right now , and ask yourself about each one : ' Is ( s)he worth suffering for ? ' 
Letting go of the past is not easy , especially if you have wounds that have never properly healed . But , the past is past and living there may be preventing you from fully experiencing the present . Likewise fear of what may be looming around the corner can also prevent you from fully enjoying the present . Live in the moment and look forward to eternity with God , now that's a great present . !!! 
We should take a moment to remember a fond memories .! A time in your life when you were content and happy . Dwell on that moment for a while , let those feelings of contentment permeate your soul . Today is a good day to be content , so take a vacation from your worries .!!! 
\Happy Thanksgiving To All My Family and F/B Friends !! Be Blesed !!! " 
Truth has a life of its own .!! \ 
There will come a time when your yearnings become so strong and powerful that you will have no choice but to let them become reality . !! 
I found out that doesn't matter what everyone else thinks !!!! \ 
People are always judging each other and , the truth is , they're not very good at it . Don't put a lot of concern into what people think of you .!!! You weren't created to please and entertain everyone . You were created to be you , so feel good about yourself .!!!!!!!!! 
The quality of life is a result of many small actions . It's not New Year resolutions , nor big promises that make or break life , it's the innumerable small actions you take every hour that compound into a life well lived . Look at how you are living moment to moment to know whether at the end of your life you will be looking back with pride or sorrow .!!! 
God can fix anything !!! Have you ever witnessed a skilled craftsman going into an old broken down home and restoring it into something fabulous ? God is the master of restoration , taking the broken and damaged and making them beautiful . Are there some things in your life that could use a little work ? Allow yourself to be God's next fixer upper project . !!! 
Truth has strength and power of its own . In any situation you find yourself in , look for truth , search for it deep in your heart . Let that truth of your heart flow , and you will see obstacles melt like ice . !!! 
Let it snow ! Let it snow !!! 
The surest way to become what you want to be is to playact . Whenever you wish to change yourself , but find it difficult , start as children do by pretending that you already are . As you play at being who you wish to become , the playact itself will surely transform you !!!! 
So far , everyday of my life I have had enough to survive . Whether it was water , food or shelter , one way or another , I had enough . Why would tomorrow be any different ? God has created an abundant world , I live in appreciation of that because of JEHOVAH JIREH !!!!! 
Kindness is contagious . \ 
Try it out , give it to someone . What is something nice that you could do for a friend , family member or even a stranger today ? Once you have thought of it , do it , and then move on to somebody else . Before long you'll start seeing results , try it , it's contagious . !!!!! 
I found out that every moment can be made glorious by your realization of God ! That does not mean praying incessantly or reading holy book nonstop . What that does mean is going about your everyday life with an awareness of communion with God in your heart . !!! 
Today take the L out of PLAYING and replace it with a R and start PRAYING AND QUIT PLAYING FOR I'M A WITNESS TO WHAT PRAYER CAN DO !! 
The life you are having is the life you are creating !!!! \ 
Even when this seems paradoxical on the surface , - how could you ever possibly want anything but happiness , - on a deeper level , there is something in you that is making it so . To transform your life you first must understand what is keeping it the way it is . 
Truth always wins !!!!! \ 
Doing right is never wrong . Being honest and trustworthy is the way to live . Perhaps a slight twist of the facts might bring a short term gain . A little misrepresentation might bring some short term satisfaction . But in the end truth always wins , so live like a winner my Sister's and Brother's !!!! 
\GOD SEE ALL \"!!!" 
Today is going to be a great day !!! \ 
Don't start your day with a negative attitude . It's hard to understand why so many people wake up each morning feeling defeated when each day holds so much potential . The possibilities that today offers are endless , so eagerly anticipate wonderful happenings . It's easy to let blessings go by unnoticed if you're not looking !!!! 
Grace is not the freedom to sin ; it is the power to live a holy life !!! 
Fear results from doubt !!! \ 
When you are not sure , when you hope for the best , then you will fear the worst . When you are absolutely certain , even if it is a certainty of suffering , fear disappears , and strength flows in its place . !!! 
To love God you must have an attitude of love . !!! \ 
An attitude of receptivity and warmth and readiness to receive God's grace . An attitude of giving and generosity and not-holding-back to let God's grace flow through you and on into the world . You know you love God when you feel love flowing through you . !!! 
I found out that well done is always better than well said !!!! \ 
Actions are deeper than words , and intentions deeper than actions . Keep on focusing on the deepest level of your being , that's the one that God is listening to !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTmas to all my FB family and Friends ! 
It's time to let people see your inner beauty .!! \ 
It's time to let people know the real you . Be who you are , not who you think people want you to be . You are more beautiful on the inside than you realize , and you need to share that beauty with others . Be transparent , let your guard down , let people know the real you .!!! 
Give of yourself and you shall receive !!! 
Where is my nephew's ! Can You Hear Me !!! 
How bout them CATS !!! 
Sometimes being silent is the only way to speak the truth !!! Sometimes words simply cannot capture the subtle nuances of your feelings . In such times , avoid being verbally misunderstood , by letting the silence speak through your eyes , your breathing , your posture . Amen ! 
Everyone needs encouragement , but it's so easy to forget to take the time to give it . Think of someone in your life whom you appreciate today , or someone who made you smile , - and tell them ! Even if it's a stranger , take a moment to let them know you noticed . Sometimes you have to encouage yourself sing Tineka !!!!! 
\God Wants A Relationship With You \"!!!!" 
God's Word tell us that you weren't created to be a failure . !!! \ 
Sure some things may not have worked out and there have been some disappointments . But all these things helped guide you in a direction that was meant for you . Your life has purpose and significance . Try to be patient if it isn't all < PROPFEMALE > clear just yet . For now , just know that you weren't created to fail . !!! 
\ You may think you're on a detour\ " !! But God knows the best way for you to reach your destination !!! Amen ! " 
You and I wake up in jail together . Using only 4 words what do you say to me ? Note : If you comment , you must copy & paste this to your status , so I may comment on yours as well . Be a good sport & play along 
Isn't it a wonderful thing that God never runs out of anthing ! He has an abudance of everthing !!! Amen ! 
I found out that it's okay to say no !!! It is better to do a few things well than a bunch of things shoddily . If you are feeling overwhelmed , don't take on anything more . It's okay , and you might be giving someone else a < PROPMALE > to get involved . You don't have to be all things to all people ; a few things to a few people will be just fine . !!! 
Stop comparing yourself to other people . ! Some people are great singers , some are really smart and others are great athletes . But none of them are , or ever could be you . You are one of a kind . So stop comparing yourself to other people . You can't be them any more than they can be you . !!! 
The wind of The Holy Spirit is a powerful cleansing agent , blowing away old stagnant energies . What needs to be released in your life ? Stop holding on to that which does not work in your life . Let it go . !!! 
\God's truth is true no matter what going on in the world around us\ " !!! " 
We're not smart enough , intellegent enough , academic enough to solve all our problems by ourselves get to know the problem solver !!! 
I found out that people may not like my assignment that the Lord has given me !!! I've learned to move on because I'd rather be where God wants me to be !!! 
We humans keep brainstorming options and plans , but God's purpose prevails . \ 
Proverbs 19:21 The Message !!! 
I was thinking about miracles this morning and I decided that miracles aren't always big . !!! If you spend all your time looking for big miracles , you're likely to miss a lot of the little ones ; finding your keys when you need them , getting the right medicine for an illness , arriving home safely . God is giving you little miracles all the time . The more you look for them , the more you will see . !!! 
Just remember that each day is a day in making . At any moment , you can make a different choice about what you are doing , how you are feeling , and what you are focusing on . It is never too late to start over again and make new choices . !!!! 
That person you keep overlooking , may be the vessel that God is wanting to use ..... be careful about using who you want to use !!!! 
While you scream at your woman , there's a man wishing he could whisper in her ear . While you humiliate , offend , and insult her , there's a man wishing he could flirt with her and remind her how beautiful she is . While you hurt her , there's a man wishing he could take her pain away . While you make her cry , there's a man stealing smiles from her . Post this on your wall if you are against Domestic Violence 
Sometimes there are storms , and sometimes there is sunshine . !!! But through all of the seasons of life , God is with you . Whether you are rejoicing or fighting back tears , God wants to share the moment with you . Allow that to happen , give thanks in the good times , ask for help in the difficult times . Take a minute right now and tell God what's on your mind . !!! 
I'm so glad God always hears a yearning spirit .!!! 
In a world where there are many things competing for your devotion and worship , God is the only one that delivers and doesn't disappoint . Putting anything above God will ultimately let you down and leave you feeling empty . So sing praises , lift your hands in the air and give < PROPFEMALE > to God . It's good for you ! I refuse to let the rocks cry out for me !!! Amen !! 
None of us likes pain and suffering for the cause of Christ !! Pain and suffering will take you to your purpose in God !!! 
God's love has already found you !!! So much time has been spent trying to make yourself lovable . Trying to make y ourself more attractive , more interesting . But love has already found you , perfect and pure love . Rest assured that God loves you just the way you are . !!!! He made You !!! 
All I Can Say It's All God !!! 
Yesterday is a thing of the past . Do not be hard on yourself about things you cannot change . The past is past and it's time to move on . !!! 
I found out that if you cannot accept failing , you cannot succeed . !!! Nothing truly meaningful is achieved on the first attempt , and if that's where you stop , then failure is all you will have . If at first you don't succeed try , try , again !!! 
That must be some kind of feeling to go all the way to the SB and lose ! 
Where is < PROPFIRST > ? 
When you're having a bad day , you have a choice . You can complain and gripe and dwell on the misery , or you can let go of it and look for the good , and maybe , just maybe , even laugh about it .!!!! 
I know this for sure ! That beginnings are only possible where there are endings . \ 
Clear acknowledged endings are as necessary to intelligible life , as pauses between notes to intelligible music . Although endings sometimes feel like the end of you , take them for what they really are , - the end of a stage in your life . Here is to new beginnings !!! 
Prayer is not a magic wand for satisfying our own wishes , but its an opportunity to work with God in accomplishing His purpose in our lives ! 
Praising and Worshipping God makes your enemies self destruct !!! Amen ! 
Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day to all my FBF&F ! Love You !!!! 
Through out this day GIve < PROPFEMALE > To God !!! 
\God is the Author of my story and He has already written the final chapter \ " ! Amen !!! " 
You cannot give to others what you do not have yourself . First , make yourself emotionally , physically , spiritually wealthy , and then freely give to others . !!! 
If you want to be a person of success , you must be a person of purpose ! When you are purpose driven , you know that you are purpose driven ! In other words , living with purpose isn’t accidental . It’s intentional . You sense it ! And you pursue it – regardless of the consequence !!! 
I found out that I've got what it takes ! God won't give you more than you can handle . Although there may have been times you thought the world was caving in on you , you got through it ! You are much stronger than you think and with God's power , you can conquer anything !!! 
For God everything is holy , and that is a good example for us to follow !!! 
Remember that Satan will always attack you where you are most vulnerable . So , daily submit yourself to God through prayer and the study of His Word , surrender your mind , will , and emotions to Him , and clothe yourself with the armor of God ( Ephesians 6:13 -18 ) and the Holy Spirit . 
\Why Don't You Try Jesus For Youself\ " !!! " 
Good thought and actions always produce good results , sometimes in unusual ways ! Just focus on doing what you can , and leave the results up to God !!! 
Kindness never goes unanswered ! Even though it seems like thanks and acknowledgments for good deeds are in short supply , God notices them . When you feel like giving up because gratitude eludes , remember that God is delighted in your efforts . Don't stop showing kindness because you feel unappreciated , the author of good things appreciates you very much . !!! 
I have learned that generosity will make you < PROPMALE > !! The best thing to do if you're feeling poor is to give something away . Give a few dollars to a homeless person , some clothes to a thrift store or pay for the person behind you at the drive through . Instead of focusing on what you don't have , focus on what you do have and how you can bless others with it . Being able to give is a Divine gift in itself !!! Amen ! 
Happy Birthday < PROPFIRST > ! 
You may have the most wonderful husband or wife in the world , the most wonderful children , physical health and a great job , but still there's something in every single one of us A Place That Only God Can Fill !!! Amen !!!! 
Father God I've searched over and over and I found nobody like You !!!! 
\Will You Do The Will Of The Lord \ " ? " 
The simple faith , of a man or woman is a mighty thing ! Trust in the Lord , and you will < PROPFEMALE > at all that can be done !!!! 
We're not smart enough , intelligent enough , academic enough to solve all our problems by ourselves !!! 
Beginning your day without prayer is like skipping breakfast . Something will be missing . When you begin your day by communing with the Father , you are spiritually fortified . Your day flows with grace !!! 
Beginning your day without prayer is like skipping breakfast . Something will be missing . When you begin your day by communing with the Father , you are spiritually fortified . Your day flows with grace !!! 
´¯`· . ´¯`· . ¸¸ . ·´¯`· . ¸PRAYER WAVE¸ . ·´¯`· . ´¯`· . ¸¸ . ·´¯`· . ¸ Going out to all those affected in the Pacific and everywhere else affected by the earthquake and tsunami 
I have found out in talking with people , that everyone is looking for love , but the blessed ones do the opposite . Blessed are those looking to give love ! Right now think of three simple ways you can give love and be blessed !!! 
Happy Birthday Cuz ! 
Let Go CATS do the best you can !!! 
KY Wildcats SEC CHAMPS !!!!! GO CATS !!!! 
No matter what you going thru , that you always have one last resort . When nothing else works , surrender to God , and let your faith < PROPFEMALE > you through . !!! 
Looks like we have another holiday —today is < PROPFIRST > 3:16 Day . Today is March ( 3 ) 16 , so someone decided to coin it < PROPFIRST > 3:16 day in honor of the Bible verse that reads “For God loved the world so much that he gave his one and only Son , so that everyone who believes in him will not perish but have eternal life . ” 
Remember we are part of a community : people of faith . Worship with others , share with others , experience God with others . You are not in this alone ; you have an entire family of believers out there . Today is a good day to seek some of them out . 
GO°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø¸WILDCATSº¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ø¤º°¨¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤GOº°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø , „WILDCATSº¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ø¤º° KEEP THE BIG BLUE TIDAL WAVE GOING ! GO KENTUCKY WILDCATS !!!! \ 
March 19 at 12:15 pm · CAT FANS ONLY !!!!!!!! 
CATS ! CATS ! CATS ! 
I want to live so God can use me anytime , any place , anywhere !!! 
??? •° *”˜˜”* °• .????... •° *”˜˜”* °• .????... •° *”˜˜”* °• .???? \ 
\ 
G ? O ? D ? ? L ? O ? V ? E ? S ? ? Y ? O ? U ? A ? N ? D ? SO ? D ? O ? ? I ? \ 
???? •° *”˜˜”* °• .????... •° *”˜˜”* °• .????... •° *”˜˜”* °• .???? 
ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø , „WILDCATSº¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ø¤º° KEEP THE BIG BLUE TIDAL WAVE GOING ! GO KENTUCKY WILDCATS !!!! WE CAN BEAT OHIO STATE \ 
GO°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø¸WILDCATSº¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ø¤º°¨¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤GOº°¨¨°ºWE CAN GO ALL THE WAY !!!!!! THE BIG BLUE NATION WANTS ANOTHER TITLE !! \ 
LETS DO THIS <<< GO CATS GO COACH CAL !!! GO BIG BLUE !!! 
\We all start somewhere ! Thank God for small beginnings\ " !!! " 
Go Big Blue ! That for you CATS haters !!! 
THE BIG BLUE WAVE ~ KEEP IT GOING ~ \ 
C ., ´¯`• ., A ,. •´¯`• , T , •´¯`• ., S ,. •´¯`• , CATS ,. •´¯` ., CATS ,. ´¯`• ., CATS ,. •´¯`• . ¸¸GO CATS¸ . •´¯`• . ´¯`• .. ¸GO BIG BLUE¸ . •´¯`• . ´¯`• . ¸ . ¸GO CATS¸ . •´¯`• . ´¯`• . ¸¸GO CATS¸ . •´¯`• . ´¯`• . ¸¸GO CATS¸ . •´¯`• . ´¯`• . ¸¸GO BIG BLUE¸ . •´¯`• . ´¯`• . ¸¸GO CATS¸ . •´¯`• . ´¯`• . ¸ . GO BIG BLUE !!!!!!!! 
My , My , My , not a # 1 team left goes to show you they don't always win the NCAA tourament !!! 
FINAL FOUR BABY !!!! GO CATS !!!!! 
For My Savior , Jesus Christ , A new Facebook challenge ... I am out to prove that my friends will repost this . I hope I am right !!! Let's lift up His name and make a statement !! When Jesus died on the cross , He died for YOU and ME . If you are not ashamed of the gospel of Jesus Christ , copy and repost . I am not ashamed . I pray that I would never be ashamed :) 
When I stop complaining , and started being thankful , miracles began to happen . !!! 
I know that faith soothes all suffering . Nothing is that difficult when you have God on your side !!!! 
It is good to have allies in the world ! There are people who can help you navigate your way through the world . They can assist you in your healing and your growth . Seek out people who are supportive and wise and loving and honest . They will help you on your journey !!! 
¸„ø¤GOº°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø , „WILDCATSº¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ø¤º° KEEP GO°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø¸WILDCATSº¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ø¤º°¨¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤GOº°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø , „WILDCATSº¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ø¤º° KEEP THE BIG BLUE TIDAL WAVE GOING ! GO KENTUCKY WILDCATS !!!! 
There are no wrongs that God cannot make right . So you've been hurt or maybe you hurt someone else . God can fix it . God may be nudging you this very moment to ask for forgiveness or be willing to forgive . Trust God , listen and act . There is no wrong that God cannot make right . 
Be careful how you treat others God is always watching !!! 
We influence those around us ! Think well about the seeds you are planting as you influence the people around you every day . You can plant seeds of impatience , fear , and frustration , or of love , contentment , and faith . It's up to you ! 
If I can't stand on my feet !! I can stand on God's Word !!! 
Kids with special needs aren't weird or odd . They only want what everyone wants ... to be accepted . Can I make a request ? Is anyone willing to post this and leave it on your status for at least 1 hour ? It is Special Education week & Autism Awareness Month , and this is in honor of all children made in a unique way 
Take the world , But give me Jesus !!! 
A Facebook challenge ... During this couple of weeks before Easter , I am out to prove that my friends will repost , I hope I am right !!! Easter is not about bunnies and chocolate eggs . Let's lift up God's name and make a statement !!! When Jesus died on the cross , he was thinking of You and Me . If you are not ashamed to call Jesus Christ your Savior , copy and repost . I'm not ashamed !! AMEN !!! 
Feelings come and go , but the presence of God in our lives never changes !!! 
I found out that you don't have to be serious to be spiritual ! Laughter is good ! Levity is good ! When you allow yourself to be joyful , that joy radiates to all those around you . God honors you and your laughter !!! 
The Glorious Power of the Resurrection : As we celebrate Resurrection Day there is no other issue , no other thought more demanding of our attention than the death , burial , and resurrection of our Lord and Savior , Jesus Christ !!!! 
\JUST JESUS \"!" 
I've Got Jesus Joy Down In My Soul !!! 
Love is the most important thing ! It's not about how much you have , how much you know , or how much you do . It's about how well you love . Love is what matters most . !!! 
I'm glad I'm not a people pleaser !!!! 
We complain about the cross we bear but don't realize it is preparing us for the dip in the road that God can see and we can't !!! 
Hold on to what is good , even if it's a handful of earth . Hold on to what you believe , even if it's a tree that stands by itself . Hold on to what you must do , even if it's a long way from here . Hold on to your faith , even if it's easier to let go . Hold on to God's unchanging hand !!! 
Acceptance brings peace ! Accept your own beauty and your limitations . No sense in trying to be who you are not . Be Yourself !!! 
We fail to realize God rested ! Some people relax with TV , some people relax with a book , and some people relax with friends . But when was the last time you rested by yourself truly doing nothing ? Sometimes it's necessary to simply be still and breathe !!! 
