Finally have some down time . Off work until Monday . welldeserved after four 12 hour days in a row 

back to work tomorrow . These four days of vacation have flown by . 
Helped one of Teen Mania's staff members move today . Not sure what to do with the rest of the day . 
kind of a dull afternoon 
I am needing some help financially to finish my year at the Honor Academy . Check out my most recent note for details . 
What's going to happen to me ... I honestly have no idea what the near future holds ... But ... I do know who holds the future 
They gave me a deadline yesterday ... If I do not raise $ 2,095 by Monday I will be asked to leave . Check out my note for more details . 
Short of a Miracle I will be leaving Teen Mania this week 
Hey everybody ... It looks like I'll be leaving Teen Mania before the weekend is over ... Possible as soon as tomorrow morning ... I'll be around to say goodbye and stuff at least tonight ... 
Has some options in life that I'm not crazy about but they seem to be the best options available ... what to to ?!? 
If you had two facebook profiles I would be your friend twice 
B-Dubb's ... North Town ... 10 O'clock ... Be there ... BE THERE !!!!! 
B-Dubb's ... North Town ... 10 O'clock ... 763-957-2296 ... Be there ... BE THERE !!!!! 
RING ! RING !... hello ?... Destiny ?... I've been expecting your call . 
My phone has officially crapped out on me ... It is still alive but is in a coma and will remain in a vegetable state for the rest of it's life 
There hooves are like razor blades and their not afraid of you !!!!! 
I got a new phone !!!... So all my friends can start texting and ca ... charge for 8 hours !?!?... never mind ... it looks like i'll have a new phone tomorrow instead 
Maybe I should journal ... 
I do not believe in naps ... I believe in sleeping in 
I have not poked or been poked by anyone for like a few months now 
haircut 
Jesus !! You have made the difference !!! in my life i'm nothing on my own 
Working tonight from 10 until 6 ... DUN-DUN-DUUUN 
anybody going to church tonight ? 
working 10-6 tonight ... Monster Khaos in hand ... job interview at target tomorrow at 4:00 
Interview at Target at 4:15 
MY . MY ... It seems we have a sickly boy on our hands - < PROPMALE > Payne 
Job interview tomorrow ... better than either of the two that I have right now working overnight 
YAWN ... Good Morning world 
Good morning world ... work for the next three nights but we can catch up on Monday 
IIIIII !!!!!! LLIIIIIVVVEE !!!!!! (all crazy and dramatically ) 
< PROPFEMALE > Corn is like $0.75 at Target !!! 
Hey people , < PROPMALE > and Summer have an extra ticket to a Skillet , Decypher down , Hawk < PROPMALE > concert tonight @ 7:30 and need someone to go with them ... If interested shoot me a text ASAP @763 -957-2296 
less than 5 seconds ago ... but more than 2 
If you hit the wrong button ... facebook dies ... I think I just hit it 
anybody feeling B-dubb's tonight ? 
Wing Tuesday ? Is anyone out there interested ? 
sitting here with a notebook ... what should I write ? 
Kinda frustrating when my parents rent a movie I want to see and play it louldly in the room next to mine while I try to sleep so I can work in an hour 
The cousins are over ... I taught them how to give a wet < PROPMALE > ? [ : B(Mater ? ) 
Ramen done right ... stovetop 
I need some new shoes 
Everyday Party is coming to MN club 3 ... I'm tempted to go just for the party count 
needs help finding new shoes 
just discovered chapstick 
If you had told me that three years ago i would have called you crazy 
JCP tonight !!!!! 
does not want to work tonight ... so why did I say yes when Target Called ... Can't say no to free money I guess 
Bed soon ... work tonight ... then < PROPFIRST > Smith arrives 
I think i'll go to bed now 
what are those ? Pez ? 
Facebook chat is failing me right now 
downloading 
Downloading < PROPFIRST > Gungor's Ancient Skies 
swing dancing tongiht ... meeting at the church by 10 ... text me if you are interested 
Do you guys still want to go tonight ... my parents think driving is a bad idea < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Hamlett , Jaymes < PROPMALE > Grossman 
wants to watch Radio 
( something Jesus-ish ) 
I'm thinking about going to see Sherlock Holmes ... does anybody who's seen it have any thoughts as to the spiritual content ? 
workin two more nights then a three day weekend 
The Weekend is Heeeerrree ... The weekend is here and it lives in me(to the tune of salvation is here ) 
There is a dis-ease in my soul ... I need to get this diagnosed 
anyone coming tonight ... text me to let me know 
MaSS- ChAOsS ... EVERYONE GET OFF THE BUS AND GET ON 2x2 
are shoes really this big of a deal ? I can't buy just any pair 
How can I refuse the cute little turtle saying adopt me in the ad ? 
So who's going to be at MN Acquire the Fire ? 
Just stood up from the computer and nearly blacked out ... My whole body started to feel like I was injected with novacaine ... weird ... but lol 
went shoe shopping and returned empty handed 
extremely tired ... I helped tear down after my sisters dance recital today ... reminded me a bit of being on the road working at different churches 
Got up early and went to spend the day loading in with ATF- Ministry Team ... had a blast ... going back tommorrow ... then had an awesome conversation with < PROPFIRST > Smith ... super tired so no swingdancing tonight 
Acquire the Fire was awesome . So much so that I think I want to go again in Des Moines Iowa on the 26th and 27th ... Is anyone else from MN interested in going with me ? 
swing dancing was fun ... 
God is not a man ... God is not white man ... God is not a man , sitting on a cloud 
What is the opposite of feeling great ? Is it feeling horrible ? I don't think so . The opposite of feeling anything deeply , good or bad , is feeling nothing . 
ME : I wonder if theres some centralized place where these places get their recipe's My Dad : Yeah ... < PROPFEMALE > 
Sub-zero is upon us 
Sub-zero was like ultimate awesomeness unleashed for a weekend 
To all of my Honor Academy homies who are at that certain point in their internship ... Happy March Madness 
three hours until I need to start thinking about work ... what to do until then ? 
\Time is ticking away ! \"" 
Swing dancing tomorrow night at the Tapestry ... if anyone is interested let me know 
Taco Bell ... I am going to feel gross tomorrow 
Meeting at the church at 9:45 to go swingdancing < PROPFEMALE > Belt < PROPFIRST > Groven < PROPFIRST > GodSent < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > Larson and whoever else is car-pooling 
who is going to church tomorrow night ? I won't be able to make it to the morning service 
Bring Your Cell Phone to JCP Tonight So You Can Text In Dating Questions !!! 
Had a good workout this afternoon with < PROPMALE > Steenhoven 
@AwesomeGuy What's going on in your life ? 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Pitiol for some reason the tag in my last post didn't work 
I need to turn my back to where I've been ... to look at what's before me ... because I'm not going back to where I was ... although it's made me who I am 
gonna take a nap and then go to work four nights in a row 
going to read a book and eat some doritos 
I don't get out near enough and am planning on exploring ... any suggestions ? 
A real friend knows you so well that when you forget your lifesong they can sing it back to you 
I am kinda completely bored ... I need something to do tonight 
First thoughts waking up : What state am I in ? (from a survey I filled out last year ) 
Why people love to say name when they see me ... they usually aren't talking to me ... I guess they're just acknowledging my existence 
went for a run ... raked some leaves ... JCP tonight ... hanging with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > after 
Don't be hostile to the Gospel , choose it ... the only gospel I like , is gospel music 
is thinking the night was a success 
Oatmeal with brown sugar :O 
It's like i'm slipping in and out of consciousness 
son of a B !!!... did not realize that liquid bandage has an anti-septic in it 
Dear lord , bless this body to our food ... amen 
Liquid bandage anti-septic 2 - < PROPMALE > 0 
I don't have the words 
bout to mow the lawn 
Anybody want to go for a walk ? 
Ecclesiastes 4:11 If you wait for the perfect times in life you will never get anything accomplished 
Unlimited texting !!! 
What does today hold in store for me ? 
anybody feel like watching a movie at my house tonight ? 
I want to go for a walk in the dark ... but I think i'll wait for a night that's a little warmer 
which < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > album is the good one ? 
Your mom called ... she said she sent your inhaler in the mail . 
I feel like watching the Lion < PROPMALE > 
Swing dancing on thursday at the tapestry ... anyone down ? 
< PROPMALE > 
Where is a good place to go for a walk ? 
gonna < PROPFEMALE > out with < PROPMALE > Stevens and clean my paintball gun ... then swing dancing at the tapestry 
Mall of < PROPFEMALE > with 180 tonight ... 6:30 at the church 
Just created a JCP paintball group for anyone who wants to know when and where games are happening 
Watching the lion < PROPMALE > 
Slept eleven hours and not working tonight ... aargh 
I got to ride a mechanical Bull tonight ! 
I an free all day until six , text the cell if you want to < PROPFEMALE > out 
I am kinda bored and wish something exciting would happen 
waiting are ATF on God TV to load 
a wise man once said , \I don't understand \"" 
WARNING ! Facebook now automatically scans your brain through your monitor . To block , go to Kitchen Cabinets remove box of Aluminium Foil . Wrap foil around your head , stay calm & breathe through your left nostril . This is a serious problem & has been confirmed by my cousin's girlfriend's neighbor's son's baby's mama and ... her chihuahua . Copy and paste asyour status & SAVE YOUR FRIENDS . 
No Covenant !!... you just had to say it !! 
I wish I had an arch nemesis ... or a wife 
frisbee frisbee frisbee 
I want to go chill at Mercy Ships 
I haven't been this disappointed since my bunk < PROPMALE > left without saying goodbye 
we need to hit up a Five Guys some time soon < PROPMALE > Stevens 
read your Bible , Pray everyday and you'll grow ... Grow ... Grow ... 
who wants to hit up the Tapestry tonight ? 
( an emo sounding post that is really just supposed to get your attention ) 
went disc golfing for the first time ... then went and bought some discs 
I need to get a camera so I can start documenting the life of all my amigos and myself ... any suggestions ? 
\i thought disc golf was supposed to be a safe sport but i guess i can see where that could happen \"" 
who cares ... 
if any of my students want a ride to fasting prayer at noon let me know . 
Ladies ... I need your help ... My sister is turning 21 this week and i'm trying to think of a good book to get her for her birthday ... are there any that you would highly reccomend I get for her ? 
Ladies ... Check out my last status update and give me some feedback 
If anybody is heading to Minnesota from Texas anytime soon let me know ... specifically Teen Mania 
still need to find someone from texas coming to MN 
it is Stormin ' something fierce out there 
HA Northener's ... we need to do another Applebee's night ... who is available next thursday night ?? 
just bought a gallon of blue juice @ < PROPFIRST > Macias and @ < PROPMALE > Peaches 
not feeling well 
rough day 
180 don't forget ... pre-service prayer at 6:30 tonight 
i've been back in Minnesota for one year today ... still hurts on occasion 
I have had not nearly enough sleep 
got a decision to make ... where did I leave my magic 8 ball ?!? 
A little frustrated ... just a little 
does anyone want to go see inception tonight ... showplace has a 7:50 and a 9:50 
needs something to do tomorrow ... free all day and home alone 
kinda wiped out from spending the day at Valley Fair with 180 
Despicable Me tomorrow at 7:25 showplace ... anyone want to go ? 
someone please choose a new profile pic for me 
Despicable Me tonight at 7:25 ... anyone interested 
i'm trying to get some people together to play some Halo ... does anyone have the set up for the the original halo on the 360(360 w/hard drive , halo : combat evolved , controllers) ? 
did anyone else realize that the original xbox and 360 are compatible for a system link when playing Halo : Combat Evolved 
Had an amazing time frolfing yesterday at a sweet new park ... and then got caught in a torrential yet < PROPFEMALE > downpour around the eighth hole or so ... It was epically awesome 
I'm looking for a second job does , anybody know if any chill places to work ? 
what is a good website I can watch old TV shows on ? I'm specifically looking for the last episode of Smallville season 1 . @netflix fail 
looking for a digital camcorder ... any suggestions ? 
just got off work and want to do something tonight 
anybody up for frolfing this afternoon ? 
+9 at Ham Lake ... Personal best 
So is anybody interested in swing dancing this Thursday ? 
I need a workout buddy ... anyone interested ? 
who wants to hit up the frolf course today ? 
8- 4:30 tomorrow and then finally a day off 
first legit matchmaking on halo reach : crazy king ... first place , +15k/d , two triple kills 
I am a thinker ... I tend to think a lot ... often about the future ... and often it's frustrating ... because I'm not sure what's coming next ... and it just may be that i'm afraid that there is nothing coming at all 
downloading the < PROPMALE > Map pack ... someone hit me up on live 
Change your FB profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To not see a human face on FB till Monday , December 6 . Join the fight against child abuse , copy & paste to your status and invite friends to do the same . 
to all who waste their lives playing halo ... hit me up and we'll waste away 
my profile pic looks like I just looked at something terrifying ... but what could it be ? 
working at 6 tomorrow morning 
God doesn't call the equipped ... He equips the called ! 
God loves me too much to harm me and is too wise to make a mistake with my life 
If God were to show you everything he had planned for your life you'd pee your pants and go home 
gotta do some algebra ... but then we should < PROPFEMALE > out 
Didn't get what I asked for ... guess there's always next year or my birthday 
Time to turn the xbox off and work on some algebra 
working tonight ... no parties ringing in the new year for me 
did you see how he turned the helicopter ?! 
you should see these bullets in 3D ... it's like we're actually being shot at !! 
Derice ? Do you want to kiss my lucky egg ? 
got the score I needed on the Math placement test ... now i'm just waiting for the right course to open up 
so who am I going to see at Acquire The Fire - Minneapolis , MN this year ? 
had Chipotle for the first time in a few months last night ... 
what are the potential side-effects of drinking an expired pepsi ? 
Calling MN HA Alumni ... So Acquire the Fire is without swot and support this weekend and really needs some extra volunteers to work as merch store captains and head ushers etc ... if yo are able to make it tonight and want to help the Team out in a big way that would be awesome ... call or text me at 763-957-2296 for more details 
Had an awesome time with Acquirethefire CollisionTour in Minneapolis this past weekend 
Alright , another year in which I don't have to worry about making any plans or doing anything special for Valentines Day ! 
you're telling me we're all under house-arrest ?... no , you're free to leave whenever you want ... but i'll shoot you in the leg 
just discovered < PROPMALE > pino 
\I like < PROPFIRST > Crowder Worship band and < PROPFEMALE > lavigne ; Bible Studies and jokes about sex and i'm tired of people insinuating that just because i'm a Christian i can't have an occasional beer . \ " -Fence Straddler " 
I would like my FB friends to comment on this status , sharing how you met me . But I want you to lie . 
knocked over an entire pallet of coke 12 packs today at work 
was finally able to donate plasma today 
Just finished reach solo on Legendary 
'' Hey ... God ordained question , but ' ... what if we posted that ... instead of ' Hey ... random question , but ' 
some trying to edit some videos but the mpeg format that my camera records in won't play audio in quicktime or Final Cut ... and suggestions ? 
Just finished my first video for JCK ! 
got this fine saturday off ... if anyone wants to < PROPFEMALE > out i'll be doing math homework 
Finally found my flashdrive after looking for two hours and checking everyspot it might be three times 
Is it rude to tell someone you don't believe them when they tell you they have a kid ? 
about to watch the series finale of LOST !!! 
feels icky 
is healthy again 
i'm watching a legit episode of < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > and the're completely wasted !!!! 
loves peanut butter on saltines 
Just put in an application to Lowe's for a second job 
thankful for the scientific calculator app on ubuntu 
I have decided that I want a spiderman cake for my birthday ... anyone who can deliver will receive my love and undying gratitude until my next birthday 
been up since 6 and was up late because of allergies 
The Facebook Love Languages\ 
\ 
Quality Time Instant Messenger\ 
Words of Affirmation Picture comments/Wall Posts\ 
Act's of Service Applications ie FarmVille\ 
Gifts Gifts\ 
Physical Touch Pokes 
