first meal of 2010 tuna on moldy bread . yesss 

I ask you how is it that peanut brittle is both Heaven and hell ? I mean you have to eat it . it's there so you have to eat it but once you do you will never get it out of your teeth . talk about being stuck between a rock and a hard place . 
I want this http://www.grip-lock.com/ 
is haunted by the graphic video of that poor girl ( < PROPFEMALE > ) from Iran dying in the street . I have never seen anything so crazy in all my life . and the women being drug into the streets from their homes in the middle of the night screaming for help as they 
Iranian revolutionary guard hacking protesters with axes , and throwing women off of overpasses onto highways below . what can we do . most of us just pretend we didn't hear or read about it . But God's children are being massacred and we can do nothing . 
TRANSFORMERS was fricktasticly amazing . I loved every second of it . i don't care what anyone one else says . SICK . 
yukky 
shepherds pie for dinner . YUMMY 
I can't stop eating rainer cherries . 
You know some days you win and some you loose . this was a loose . some days you just walk away from work knowing that you misrepresented yourself and no one likes you . but there is tomorrow thank goodness because it doesn't have to be today . 
I think i'm gonna fix my day by making a cake for dinner . 
Dinner last night = pancakes Breakfast this morning = Coffee Lunch today = easy < PROPMALE > lets see what can I eat for dinner to officially make 24hours of horrible food choices . 
has now figured out how to make Thai peanut sauce , and Coconut < PROPMALE>'s for a fraction of the price of eating out . and they are so good . Not together though . that would be gross . 
Lets see someone pooped outside the back door at work . I'm 100% certain it is human . a little girl ralphed all over the welcome mat this morning . but I actually think that stuff is funny still gross but funny . best of all though I found my coat that w 
free slurpee day 2009 . YEAHH thats tomorrow . lets do it !!! 
Ok so i made some chocolate chip cookies from scratch and then ate them by my self . then three Mormons came over and we talked about < PROPFEMALE > trek . oddly enough they did not come on bikes . weird . 
poop 
POOP . Jesus and i are having a tiff and I totaly HATE how he is always right . 
going to bed early for once 
i need to go to cosco any one want to take me ? If you have a card that is . 
Has not washed his clothes in eight weeks . but today is the day . glorious laundry money , and homemade coconut < PROPMALE>'s for dinner !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
PART2 3:30 pm finaly get all that taken care of and then find as pointed out by the police officer that I had put my shorts on inside out when I got dressed this morning . 5pm got stung in mouth by a wasp that was hiding in my starbucks straw . Haha what 
PART1 9:10 am called into work two hours early . 10ish.am Notifed by police that my car was found in fairhaven stripped for parts , that i had three days to get rid of it or they would and , i could be arrested for my \abandoned\ " car . " 
83 gigs on my itunes . jeepers i need another hard drive 
i left my phone at work so i can't hear you . 
I LOVE ORGANIC KETCHUP . YUMMY 
YESSSSS lightning and thunder and fat warm raindrops . so nice !! 
right now is one of those moments when i wish i didn't ever have to see another living person again . 
thank goodness . it's finally getting dark and the temp as dropped to a nice 90 . 
113 degrees in northbend today . wow 
Is < PROPMALE > . 
watching sounders and olayin on my new netbook . I don't care what people say these are very decent machines 
I am having a really bad allergic reaction to something that was spayed on the hay that we got this morning . Hives , rashes , red puffy eyes , tingly skin , scratchy throat ..... 
WTR ?? 
on my way to the air port . Suckers . haha 
had a interesting day . just stepped on a slug then on a tack . yukky and owey . 
I get to be on TV . actually thats kind a freaky . 
has a really bad headache . 
hasn't thrown up this much since colodrado 
has a mild fever and a hankerin for chicken strips and sprite . 
has flu symptoms . but I didn't kiss any pigs . so is at a lose as to how this could be . 
chocolate milk for lunch YES 
someone offered me two teranculas for free . 
is doing homework . as in work at home . 
yeah sounders 
thinks this could be a horrible monday . 
this feels like monday 
just found a loving home for a Hermaphrodite chicken . weird , very wierd 
is sick and watching a movie with a housemate . 
i love watching soccer 
wow Juvinile deliunquints for sure . haha . and no i can't elaborate . 
sick again 
is in the recording studio 
There is a pigeon show at the puyallup fair growns on nov . 28th I WANT SO DESPERATLY TO GO . I need a car . 
OH man I feel like an idiot . I sold all my male pigeons on accident and now have no way to make more . super dumb/lame 
is making oatmeal cranberry walnut cookies , and i'm not sharring . 
my fish had babies 
It's snowing !!! but probably won't stick 
I want a dragon 
new < PROPFEMALE > is so dumb 
55 degrees wow feels like summer 
I love community . 
oh god that bike ride kicked my ass . even the dog is sore . 
Worst nights sleep ever . EVER . I wish i could call in sick today . 
My pigeons have a gig this saturday 
poor Haiti . they just keep getting teh short end of trh stick 
wow now there saying up to 100,000 dead in haiti 
Haiti got hit by a 6.1 earthguake today . 75,000 buried so far from the quake on the 12th . thats just 2000 less than the entire population of bellingham . 
its amazing how many black buggers come out of my nose everyday after work . ( cause work is really dirty ) 
Im gonna take my third shower today . thats how much I love showers . 
Chocolate covered pomagranate seeds are so good !!! 
holy canoly I lost 8 lbs in one week 
the meaning of my name as far as Urbandictionary.com is concerned 
22 
I'm Off to Couer D < PROPFEMALE > . sure I can't spell it , but whateves 
haha im such a retard . I use my ipod touch so much now , that I am always trying to touch screen my netbook . haha 
does the 10 second rule apply at funeral homes ? hurry time is of the essence . 
the puppies are gone !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
not good . must persevere . 
Is VERY done with people for the rest of the night . so goodnight . 
packing packing packing !!! 
just parted company with thirty nalgenes . heres to letting go . 
is listening to Owl City loud enough to bleed from the ears . and likes it . 
does not have internet at the new house yet . but soon . sorry for any lengthy waits between responses . 
Omg I just realized my fish at fishville have been sorely neglected . Yikes 
couldn't find my hair brush this morning . so I borrowed the cats . 
Just got pooped on by a seagull . 
Work yesterday sucked . I am hoping for a better day . I'm feelin like I'm being pushed over the edge . 
Stupid cat has to go to the vet for a nasty infection he got from fighting . 
I finally have Internet again !!!! 
< PROPMALE > is getting fixed in the morning 
F 
There is a NEW PRIVACY setting called\ 
\Instant Personalization\ " that shares data with non-Facebook websites\ 
I just got dared to go into the adult book store to ask for change . YIKES 
Just made alcoholic cake frosting . Yummy 
2 eggs today !!! 
Three eggs today . and I'm bored 
No sleep tonight . Getting 32 ready for showing at the fair !!! 
I need a bicycle . won't you help me find a bicycle ? 
It's official broken foot . Not the best timing but whateves . 
sometimes i really dislike the people i work with . this is that day . 
Needs ice cream . STAT 
Yeah BRONCOS yeah !!! In other news still need ice cream :) 
Going without a cast tomorrow . Fingers crossed . 
Hey all . My computer is dead and my phone got cooked in the dryer . Awesome !!! You'll have to facebook me if you wish to communicate 
My boss just laughed like Skeletor from the old school \Heman \"" 
Super yikes lol the new coach on Glee is sick 
I need to get away for the weekend . 
Oh how I love the sounders ! 
NOO I'm not watching Legend of The Seeker . 
I don't want to go to work 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > always knows the EXACT location of < PROPFIRST > SanDiego . 
Go sounders 
Just scored my first persimmon of the year !!! 
i just got a space station bird feeder !!! yea i know . mega nerd but whateves 
\are you trying to hurt my feelings ? cause it's working . Luckily my feelings regenerate at twice the speed of an average man \"" 
\Chuck < PROPMALE > was what < PROPMALE > was talkin ' about \"" 
Fricken disgusting assed giant creeper spider . WT H E double hockey sticks were you doing in my bed . DAMN YOU . 
DAMN 
I'm not sure what was worse , the rancid rotten eggnog or the plain listerene I had to swish and gargil to get the eggnog out . MEGA < PROPFEMALE > 
haHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHaha hahaha OMG ha ha 
Don't feel good . :( 
1 out of every 13 people on earth use facebook . 
Well after last nights wind storm / racoons , I have alit fewer animals to feed 
Going to POTTER bitches !!! What ? 
snow snow snow !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
You know , it's the simple things that make life great . \ 
\ 
Mind you I only say that because so far none of the big complex good things have happened to me yet . :) 
I don't want to go outside . 
here is my new phone number . if you want to save it please do so if not no worries . If you want me to have your number please text me with your name and I'll save it . ok here you go . \ 
360-224-7793 
< PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > here is my new phone number . if you want to save it please do so if not no worries . If you want me to have your number please text me with your name and I'll save it . ok here you go . \ 
360-224-7793 
It raining hard . 
Need a new housemate starting January 1st . anybody ??? 
so hungry , but cant eat . food poisoning i hate you . just sayin . 
someone bring me ice cream 
Ice cream I thought we were friend now I know your just a hater . WHY ? 
Your RETARDED just sayin . 
It's raining so hard my undereare is soaked 
Dear magnanamous garden knomes and or selfless christmas elfs , Is thier any < PROPMALE > that you could perhaps clean out the chicken coop and goat shed and of yeah do my laundry and the dishes this weekend while I'm gone ? I promise to pay you back some how . ??? No , ok bastards . 
The ER frickin sucks 
Dear public restroom you are REEEEEEEepulsivvve . How can you live with yourself . 
Nooooooooo :( 
The Jingle Cats strike again . Sucka !!!! 
I never want to see food and or especially dessert again . :( 
in 2010 the United States of < PROPFEMALE > used enough plastic water bottles to reach around the planet 196 times . even if they all got recycled which less than 20% did the energy used to make them and then melt them down and re-purpose them used enough energy to run the city of Vancouver BC for 6 months . not cool . 
Under my blankets = amazing . Not under my blankets = not amazing . I don't want to go to work . 
what kind of freak shoots a congresswomen and kills a 9 year old spectator among others . seriously people are nuts . 
Oh < PROPFEMALE > Trek you are the perfect escape from reality . but lets keep this between us . ok ? 
FINGERS CROSSED !!! 
how many innings in a football game ? 
My computer is officially dead . Anyone have an extra laptop or one I can purchase ??? 
I baked bread . Yummy 
I look forward with great expectation to the nearing moment which upon my writing impliments are not mearly replaced but upgraded !!!!! 
Honestly is anyone surprised that Taco < PROPFEMALE > taco meat is only 35% meat 
Anyone wanta < PROPFEMALE > me some money to fix my bike ????? 
Seriously ??? How retarded . Trying to create laws that prevent people from using their phones and iPods while walking on city streets . If you can't walk and talk at the same time you deserve to get hit by a train , plane or automobile 
AWESOME !!!! Flat bike tire and roadrash with a side of gravel for breakfast !!!!! I need a nap . 
I take it back , I don't feel fine after my high speed bicycle accident . I'm too old for this . 
D 
Current wishlist : Cough drops , ice cream and company . 
Celebraten SAD , and savin some money doing it . YEAHH !!! 
Roses are red , violets are blue . Valentines is stupid , and so are you . ;P 
I'm eating ice cream right now . BOOYA 
It's OVEER 
I don't care if your , skinny or fat , short , tall , average , christian , Muslim , Hindu , atheist , agnostic , yellow , red , white , brown , black , straight , gay , bi , dumb , intelligent , wise , foolish , a cat person or a dog person , < PROPMALE > , poor , conservative , liberal or middle of the road , man or woman . No if i don't like you it's because your a douche bag . :) 
someone please rescue me from my intense boredom . PLEASE I'll do anything 
other than the crew on Battlestar Galactica i haven't seen another living person ( or Cylon ) since i got off the bus at 6:15 last night 
Just got pegged in the eye by a piece of hail 
I would ride a triceratops of terror !!! 
\ weird all the clocks are stopped at the same time ( the electrical clocks at the bus station ) Must be some sort of powerful magnetic storm\ " - crazy bus lady " 
is feelin pretty stupid intense right now . but this to shall pass . 
