I want a day off real Fn bad 

really enjoy my day off today except for being chased by a cotton mouth in the garage . 
Just 1 more week till Christmas and then it will all be over hahahahha 
On my way to the mountains . 
I'm not making a resolution this year . I'm just going to do my thing live my life and have some fun . 
Today begins my tour of Europe . That is after a 13 hour flight with no cigarette . but hey its worth it . 
we have landed in Germany 
We are now in Kaiserslautern Germany . We will most likely be in Holland by the Weekend and then < PROPFIRST > on Monday . It's soooo freakn pretty here !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
We just had lunch in our first resteraunt in Germany . The language barrier made it real interesting LMAO ! 
Shopping in Europe is alot more fun than in the states . Except in the grocery market cause I can't read the lables . :-p 
We are now departing for Holland and the city of Amsterdam !!! 
Just got back into Germany from Amsterdam about an hour ago . We will be leaving for < PROPFIRST > in the morning !!!!! 
I just posted some pics on < PROPMALE > and Me . There are tons more pictures but I will have to dowload later gots more fun to have and not in front of this computer ! 
We have now spent the day in < PROPFIRST > and seen much of the Lourve . I have walked around this city holding back tears at its beauty . I don't think I have ever been more in love with a city . The people are not rude . They speak to you if you speak to them . You just have to know how to speak . 
This is our second day in < PROPFIRST > . We go now to the Arch De Triumph and Eiffle Tower . Maybe Notre Dame , and im sure many more sights will be seen . I saw the Galleries Laffayette yesterday . We shall be revisiting that . If you're a shopper you'll think you are in department store heaven . Ill post pictures when < PROPMALE > and I get back to Germany . 
Just got back from a night on the town in < PROPFIRST > . We are at the hotel now . The people here are great ! 
We got back into Germany from < PROPFIRST > last night . I miss < PROPFEMALE > already . 
< PROPFIRST > photos are posted if anyone wants to see .... 
Hey everyone just thought I would let you know that my account was somehow hacked so I apologize for any odd post they may have come from my account . 
\Fear not the punishment of some vengeful god . The punishment we strike upon ourselves is far more damaging \"- Unknown " 
what the hell is this candid camera message ?! 
feeling spoil and love :) happy 
Did you know that stealing a US Passport is federal offense , a felony punishable by years year's in prison . 
Laying on a couch on a sidewalk looking at a beautiful full < PROPFEMALE > waving at the people as they drive by and stare . lmao ! 
Loving my new couch with its familiar color ! Thank you Connor and Maurance ! 
Sometimes giving someone everything they need isnt what they need at all . Sometimes what they really need is to find their own way , and aquire that which they find for themselves to be nessicity on their own . This is what makes us evolve and/or maturate as human beings , and as living organisms . One of the defining principles of evolution is that an organism be able to adapt while staying true to its own nature . 
It is one thing to lie to keep your self or others out of trouble . It is another thing entirely to lie to bring others to feeling pitty and sorrow to bring them to tears and make there hear bleed for an untruth ... There is no greater source of deception than this . It is depraved . 
I believe that banking institutions are more dangerous to our liberties than standing armies . If the American people ever allow private banks to control the issue of their currency first by inflation then by deflation the banks and corporations that will grow up around the banks will deprive the people of all property until their children wake up homeless on the continent their fathers conquered \ 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
Nothing like some mulled cider to add to your x-mas spirit . Sorry about the Wild Turkey dad ..... 
I hate bad lighting when pictures are being taken of me and im being forced to smile !!!! 
I am loving this Droid 
I want a mango lassi 
Why is it the gentle ones always pay the price for everyone else's ambition ? 
