is going camping tomorrow ! yay ! 

is in Kentucky ! 
thank you all who wished me happy birthday .. it really did make my day ! (: 
sorry all .. i rearly come on facebook . but all the folks i havent talked to in a while . im sorry . i miss you and just wanted to tell you i didnt forget about you . (: < PROPFEMALE > christmas . 
I hate how last night they had backstreet boys sing cause \there the best\ " BS ! I was POed . They should have had Nsync . They were way better back in the day . " 
the brave little toaster is easily my favorite movie from when i was little . (: 
my laptop isnt charging for crap ! have to go to best buy and see whats wrong , and in the mean time , i have to use my moms computer .... yay .... 
finaly learning the guitar . (: 
is watching rugrats ! ive missed this show (: 
Trying to figure everything out on her DROID . (: 
strange things are afoot at the circle k . (; 
Can finally announce her engagment ! (: yay !! 
Strange things are afoot at the circle k . (: 
is crazy excited for this weekend and next weekend ! < PROPFEMALE > much wedding stuff going on ! yay ! i love weddings . 
My fiancè is amazing . He stoped on a busy high way to pick me the first sunflower he saw this year ! (: 
im getting more and more excited to become KENS WIFE ! :D i want my forever to start as soon as possible . 
i hate bitter sweet moments . 
off tomorrow , and the old poop car is kaput ! :( ill miss my old poop car . 
meeting at a potencial venue tomorrow ! exciting ! (: 
girls spending a bunch of money on contacts to make your eyes bigger ? what is our world coming to ?! 
\Hot potato is a very different game when the players are starving . Then its like my potato . \ " (: " 
watching home alone 2 ... and it makes me want to go to New York . 
241 days till my the rest of my life begins . (: \ 
ahh love ... makes you act < PROPFEMALE > silly . 
224 days !!! (: 
Got home from work at midnight , I just got in to bed , and cant sleep ! oh and i have work tomorrow at 9am ... ): I really don't wanna wake up early . 
Smells like skunk eew 
Somedays it feels good to wake up at 4am , and go to < PROPFIRST>'s (: expecally when your meeting someone there before they go to work . I haven't been up this early in a long long time . 
Thank you all for wishing me a happy birthday ! (: 
I hate when the power goes out and your stuck looking for a bunch of candles just to light up the room 
kingdon drags and car show today and tomorrow ! its going to be an awesome weekend ! 
Ugh . I did not want to wake up , and now I'm super hungry . And that sucks cause there's nothing to eat in this house ! 
< PROPFEMALE > las bio-dome !!! 
But wait ! It happened at sea ... Sea . C for Catwoman ! 
Blah .... can't sleep ..... 
Oh how I love Tahoe . 
So busy at work . 
I love walking out side and smelling the rain on the streets ! (: finaly fall shows its self ! 
oh wow .... 175 days until the big day !! crazy 
I have that stupid pink song stuck in my head , where she says \and your too school for cool\ " and its driving me bonkers ! " 
Its funny , I don't have to watch any games , all I have to do is come on facebook , and someone is rambling on about who won , and the scores !.... sheesh 
wedding dress shopping ! (: its exciting 
Aahh ... it might be the one ... but gatta keep looking , just to make sure .. 
Alright cheesy blasters ! You take a hot dog stuff it with some < PROPFIRST > cheese , fold it in a pizza , you got cheesy blasters ! 
Wow this is probably the lamest halloween for me by far ... 
My new face moisturizer smells funny ... 
hahaha wow . i just found the first season of Aaahh !!! Real Monsters on netflix ! haha 
mmm i probably make the BEST tuna fish sandwichs ever ! it really hit the spot . (: 
Live every week , like its shark week . (: 
engagement pictures ! yay ! (: 
The day was simply wonderful . 
It feels weird , not going to work this morning .. and being able to sleep in . (: 
So I went to my dads and took home some of my old toys , and my old super nintendo was in the bin . I was super excited to play ! But it dosnt have the power plug ! 
Apple Hill !! (: 
So I found out I have work at 2:45 am on black Friday . Its going to be interesting . (: 
its pretty sad that the charger for my laptop is whats keeping my feet warm . 
Work at 4:30 am . Poo .. 
\Nonsense poopy pants ! \ " (: " 
Hahahaha I'm at the part in ace ventura when he's trying to get out of the rino , and it looks like he was pooped out ... hahaha who ever came up with that is my hero 
I just woke up from a nap , and i had the weirdest dream . 
\HEY ABBOT !! \"" 
Sweet . I don't have to wake up at three tomorrow ! 
I'm on my way to oroville ! (: 
I think the thing I'm most excited for tomorrow is the < PROPFEMALE>'s thanksgiving day parade ! (: 
an hour left , but it feels like I still have 20 . ): 
125 DAYS . (: 
I often wonder what life would be like if the car wasn't invented ... 
the only thing i like about running is the end .. lol 
< PROPFEMALE > ing out with people that work together sucks , they always talk about work . And I'm like uhh .... And Its kinda annoying . So ... coworkers we need to < PROPFEMALE > out ! 
I can't believe it's almost 2011 ! Crazy . This year went by Wayy to fast . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas world ! (: 
It was a good christamas . (: 
sleep is calling me .... i think im going to obey . \ 
tootles . 
Its a beautiful day , and I'm stuck at work till 7 ! ): 
Its so exciting ! (: 
all day tomorrow , just like most of the day today , is going to be consumed with wedding planing . (: im blessed to not have any nightmares , and even though i still have a butt load to do , its going pretty smoothly . 89 days left . 
i always wondered how facebook could determine whats \top news\ " in your friends status .... " 
oh . man . its late . 
i wanna go to san < PROPFIRST > . i havent been in a while ... 
but a toll is a toll , and a roll is a roll , and if we don't get no tolls , then we don't eat no rolls . 
Just when life gets wonderful , something just HAS to come and ruin it .. 
i need to eat , all ive had today was apple sauce and water . 
I'm bored ... I want to do something but I'm still pretty swolen from the dentist ... ): 
writing a short story of how < PROPMALE > and i met and fell i love is harder then i thought . but its still fun . (: 
its like a wieght lifted off my sholders . (: 
48 days . (: 
38 days 
hot tea is always the cure for my sniffles and sore throat . (: 
Oh so . Interesting fact .. a month from today ill be gettin hiched . (: 
Thank you everyone for coming to my bridal shower , i had a great time . (: 
i wish my netflix would work .. ): 
I love it when I hear little song birds in the distance from my window around the time I wake up ... but Hate it when I hear a dumb bird squawk right out side my window every minute at 6am 
I wish I had something to do with my day ... 
why Netflix !! Why must you be so retarted all the time and leave me hanging !! 
im diggin ' my new nail polish . 
Everything falls apart , my dear . The only thing permanent in life is family . 
so i'm debating weather or not to do the 30 day picture challenge . the whole thing seems pretty random , but thats okay , random is my middle name . (: 
i miss how things used to be ..... 
i cant believe my friday night consists of netflix , energy drinks , hot cheetos , and facebook . im uber lame . 
anyone have good ideas for dance songs ? (for the reception ) 
So today was my last day at work as < PROPFEMALE > Anema . (: 
so i realized i havent laughed today ... and i dont like it .. 
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH ! 
tomorrow is the BIG day . wow ... i gatta try to sleep ( key word try ) (: 
IM MARRIED !! (: now for the fun stuff . Hahaha 
Tahoe bound (: 
SNOW !!! (: 
I'm in desperate need of an awesome new camera ... 
It's funny how people try so hard to be someone there not ... even thought the person they are is unique enough to change the world . (: so ..... be you ! Even if its dorky ..... like yours truly (: 
I don't want to wake up , but I can't go back to sleep ... ) : 
I wanna go to the beach ... 
The only thing I like about this weather is tanning . The thing that sucks is I don't tan , I burn ... ): 
Got off work at 1:45 ish(am ) , came home , ate soup , contemplated weather or not to sleep , watched an episode of TPB , fell asleep , 15mins later ... alarm goes off ... time for Bakersfield .... now I have to try to fall asleep in the truck ... 
This is just the start of a wonderful adventure (: 
Ew ... I just ate a pop corn flavored jelly belly ... blahh .. 
Hmm ... what should I watch on netflix ? 
I can't believe I'm about to say this .... I'm hooked on desperate housewives ... lol 
I hate when my \weekend\ " is a Monday .... " 
Wow gonna be sitting on this train for 4 hours ... 
Bridesmainds with the seester and the madre 
Finding ever after on netflix just made my day . Now all I need is wine & chocolate . (: 
-A bird may love a fish , signore , but where will they live ? \ 
-Then I shall have to make you wings . <3 
pheww . Finally back in good ol ' stockton (: 
Nothing to do tonight . Lame . 
Potstickers ! (: 
This heat needs to subside . 
If only life were like an 80s movie .. 
Dear < PROPFEMALE > , I hate your stinking guts . You make me vomit . You're scum between my toes ! Love , Alfalfa . (: 
I wish I lived in the 80s where it was alright to wear red pants , blue shirt , green baseball hat , a brown leather jacket , and mirror sunglasses at night like stiles in teen wolf . (: 
Am I the only person that dosnt like playing angry birds ??... sheesh 
I must be the luckiest girl .. ever . (: 
\Comedy is the place where your mind goes when it wants to get tickeld . \ " (: " 
I hope there's good thrift stores in bakersfield . I need that kind of shopping now and then ... ( : 
Why is it that whenever you need a really good laugh , there's never anything funny around to help ?.... 
I need more of the beach boys on my playlist ... nay . In my life . (: 
Weird thing is .... I'm starting to like being sore from working out ... •crazzyy• 
\My stomach was making the rumblies that only hands can satisfy\ " ohh llamas . (: " 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > bound ! Love it . 
Have you ever felt like just getting in your car and driving far far away ....? 
I swear if we only relied on gps , and not our own sense of direction we'd all be in ponds . 
YAY !!! On main street ! 
Another train ride . (: 
I must occupy my time till Friday ! (: 
In the Marmalade < PROPMALE > , Between the make-believe trees , In a cottage cheese cottage lives Albi ( Albi ) Albi ( Albi ) Albi the racist dragon ! 
Reason I love stockton #5 : I go out for the first time in a long time and see at least 10 people i know . (: love it !! 
I can never get enough of my wedding pictures even after 4 months ! I love ' em ! Thank you < PROPFIRST > Ramirez (: 
First night in our first place !! I love it (: 
I love pride and prejudice late at night . (: 
Ahh I love my apartment .. (: and ... ill love it even more when everything is organized haha <3 
PS .. thank you all for wishing < PROPFEMALE > a happy birthday ! (: 
I can't wait for cold weather . <3 
Where is the library ? My name is T-Bone the disco spider . Disco , doll , the library is in the big mustache , dog , lard . Lard mustache , huge , little , head is snow , beer is good . Good day , I like cold potatoes , the goat’s mustache is < PROPFIRST > Diaz <3 \ 
•now in spanish• (: < PROPFIRST > Davies 
Dang ... I wish I was in stockton for the rain ... but I guess were gonnna get a taste of it tomorrow (: 
Thunder & lighting ... (: 
I just realized that < PROPFIRST > tosh is in the love guru ! Hahaha 
Damn it . I knew I shouldn't have went back to sleep this morning !.... 
It happend at sea ... sea ?.. C for cat woman ! (: 
Man , oh man ... two words ... < PROPMALE > Dynamite (: 
So I've come to the realization that I have really bad depth perception 
Score . I just got the second season of community ! 
I'm in desperate need of a real camera . 
If the weather knew it was the first day of fall , id be a happy camper . 
I just had a dream in stop-motion animation .. haha 
Oh fiddle faddle <3 
Why is it that people always think negative things about the random stuff I say . News flash yo . I'm random . So put that in your smoke and pipe it . (: 
Ranch just makes life better .. (: 
Dang ... I hate when I forget to turn in red box movies . 
There's a handfull of people I wanna meet .. < PROPFIRST > black has now become one of them .. 
Wth why does my google+ profile still say male .. I changed it when I made my account . Pfft . Lame . 
feast your ear-tongues on these memory pops 
Tattoo ?..... 
