misses everyone . Misses hanging out with her girlfriends and doing the most awesome , stupid things possible . 

is posting for once in her life . And I mean once as in probably not again for a looong time . So enjoy it , batch . 
I hate my profile picture . It's so old and pooptastic ! That's all . 
When I grow up , I'm going to be the heir of a bazzilian-dollar dragon franchise -- that way I won't have to do anything , and I'll get to fly around and not be stressed out ever again . Yeth . 
Doncha just love people who leave after the first song , and go just to say they went ? 
I've got a splinter . :( 
I am officially no longer a high school kid . \ 
But I've still got a splinter . 
I got a Droid for graduation ! It is beautiful . 
I think if I had to chose between < PROPFIRST > and my Droid , I would only chose < PROPFIRST > if he promised to get me a new one . :) 
I love Alias . :) 
My beloved steampunk trousers have been bought , the steampunk poster is framed and < PROPMALE > , and my second prototype sp ring is going well . It's good to be obsessed 
Only four more days in my house , then it's off to big-kid land ! 
I got my steampunk bustle trousers in from London AAAAHHHH !!! SO EXCITED . 
Riding my motorcycle about at last . :) 
So this one thing is happening tonight ... if you know I'm nervous/excited AHHH !! * shhh secret * 
Marriage is a punishment for shoplifting in some countries . 
Awesome thing #1 : I got two little kitties ! \ 
Awesome thing #2 : Starcraft II is out in a week ! 
I just got Starcraft II !!! If I'm MIA the next few days , I'm not dead ... just epicly slaughtering ! 
This post is not at all unique but ... OMG INCEPTION WAS AMAZING !!!! 
Aw Zach's leaving . :( 
Does anyone love the Wheel of Time too ? 
The best kind of perfection comes right before the break down . 
I love Starcraft ... 
I shall not let philosophy defeat me ! 
Poor Naku . :( One of my dogs died last night . He was a husky and had permanent bordetella , and then he ate a toad and I guess he just ... died . 
Your face-saving promises , whispered like prayers - I don't need them . I don't need them . 
My cat is so ... freaking ... CUTE ! 
Is pregnant ! 
I am not pregnant . Prepare to be very painfully raped , < PROPFIRST > Naylor ! 
I'm ... a crazy person . I think about things too much . Why can't I just be happy all the time ? 
Oh my ! The hive cluster is under attack ! 
I am so damn happy right now and I have no reason for it - except perhaps this chocolate doughnut with sprinkles . 
Getting married is like getting a tattoo on your face . 
I want to cut my hair so ... bad ... 
Philisophical enlightenment is so tasty ! 
I seem to be channeling Uma Thermon . Which is ... scary . 
Democracy is so ... difficult . Sometimes I just want to slap everyone and announce myself dictator . I'd be much easier that way . 
This is about to really , really suck . 
My schoolwork is interfering with my House watching and Starcraft playing time . I want ... so ... bad ... 
My nose is uber stuffed up . :( 
I feel miserable . :( I just wish I could breathe . And stop coughing . Then I'd be happy . 
I got an excellent compliment today - apparently I'm the < PROPFEMALE > Flowers of NMSU . Hells yeah . 
There's a cat being boarded where I work who leaves bloody footprints when it walks . Her owners ripped out her claws and then left her here to find a home . De-clawing is a horrible , painful procedure that can leave cats aggressive and afraid . It is equal to female circumcision to me , though done for no misguided religious or medical reasons ; it is a mutilation done because lazy owners think \cat's can't be trained . \"" 
This is definitely the girliest post ever and I'm probably going to get no responses , but I'm curious : what's all ya'lls favorite romance movie ? 
What would be your speciality in a zombie apocalypse ? -- My Result : Commando . http://quizme.heroku.com/quizzes/384373/referrals/status?aid=1419114507 
I like it spilling everywhere , especially in the backseat . 
I've decided to learn Quenya , which is the more simple of the two Tolkienian Elvish dialects ... anyone wanna learn too ? 
Grr . I guess I shouldn't take it personally when someone does the dishonerable thing . But it sure pisses me off . 
I wanna see the owl movie ! Anyone wanna see it with me ? 
\A soul : something I can't destroy with a flame-thrower . \ " \ 
I think I'm going to go alone to New York for 4 weeks this summer for a film thing ... god I hope it works out ! 
I asked < PROPFIRST > what he would do if I died , and he paused , stared deep into my eyes , and whispered , \I'd masturbate . A lot . \ " \ 
So holy crap . It's official . A thousand years from now , next summer , I am going to be living in Washington Heights alone for a month ! 
I want some gloves that fit me like a glove . Soft leather with little buttons along the wrist ... why are they so hard to find ? 
I've been listening to the Avatar soundtrack , and I was again struck by how moving , beautiful , and utterly unoriginal it is . WTF , < PROPFIRST > Horner ? Stop stealing your own themes ! 
I am starting to panic . My steampunk costume is not complete , and it may not be by Halloween because of the US postal service ! 
Please be on the lookout for this extremely dangerous terrorist : Mustaf Herod Apyur Poupr . 
It isn't fair how inaccesible free < PROPFEMALE > is to those above 13 on Halloween . I think I'm MORE dependant on < PROPFEMALE > now . Damn the establishment ! 
I just took a stupid Facebook quiz to count how many questions there were , and completely forgot to count how many questions there were . Goddammah . 
My Zerg unit quiz is almost done ! It should be up and running in about 3 hours . Be sure to take it and tell me what you think - the time I have spent on the stupid thing is ridiculous , bordering on an obsession . I just love ... Starcraft ... so much ... 
Maybe deep down we're all incredibly selfish , inconsiderate bastards with an overwhelming sense of entitlement . The ' unconditional ' clause in love really sucks . 
I've never been at a boxing match before , but DAMN . This is so exciting ! I may be hooked . 
I've finished the sixth season of House finally ... my mind is blown . Must start watching the seventh on Hulu ! 
I got into the class I wanted ! It's all exclusive because 4,000 undergraduates are in CMI , and I only had two of the three prerequisites , but they let me in anyway ! Woo ! ( I only had to break a few kneecaps ... * cough * what ? ) 
Sometimes you close your eyes and see the place where you used to live when you were young . 
I'm making < PROPMALE > Potter wands ... they shall be badass . 
You know what I wish ? I WISH MY GODDAMN BOYFRIEND WHO I'VE LIVED WITH FOR SIX MONTHS AND DATED FOR A THOUSAND YEARS WOULD ADD ME ON FACEBOOK AS A FRIEND ! Not to mention change his status from single , or un-privatize his account . Grrr . ;( 
< PROPMALE > POTTER AND THE DEATHLY HALLOWS ! Who's going to the premiere ? Cause I can make you wands if you want . They're legit . 
Guess what ? \ 
\ 
... What ? \ 
< PROPMALE > POTTER ! 
Only 18 more minutes ... ah ! After 6 hours , this is excruciating . 
The Deathly Hallows was really damn good , and worth it , but I sure wish I was sleeping right now . 
I've seen your flag on the marble arch , but love is not a victory march - it's a cold and it's a broken , \Hallelujah . \"" 
I think the best part of Thanksgiving is no school for a week . The actual holiday is kind of lame . 
I was on deviantart , and I discovered this amazingly sexy guy who only does self-portraits . OMG HE'S SO HOT . All women ( and some men I know ) must see . Dublenkofff is the username . Urgh , I feel like a stalker . :P 
My hair is so short ! 
The last ten minutes have been terrible . I was 25 cents short to buy ANYTHING for lunch , my steampunk earrings broke , and I dropped my laptop and now it has a HUGE dent/chip combo on the side . Amazingly , everything still functions . But now I'm stuck here , sad and hungry . 
Change\ 
your default facebook picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The \ 
goal ? To not see a human face on facebook til Monday 12/6 . Join the \ 
fight against child abuse , and invite your friends to do the same . 
It's kind of ironic how I spent so much time and energy trying to look like a girl only to get treated like a man , and now that I look like a man I'm finally getting treated like a girl . Fun times . 
Finals = fuck my life . \ 
I'm never taking 18 credits again . \ 
... Except for next semester . :P 
I don't really want to be awake anymore ... but comedy central netflix style is so AWESOME . 
I love me some Phoenix Force , I really do , but Endsong wasn't technically a cartoon and I used to LOVE She-ra . So here we go . 
I'm so tired . I have never so grossly underestimated the difficulty of a project before . It's due tomorrow afternoon and I have another final in the morning so I have to finish it tonight . I'm on hour 17 of working on this , as unbelievable as that is , and have at least another hour ahead of me . I DON'T WANT TO ANYMORE . NO NO NO NO NO !! 
I have to go take my math final now . I REALLY don't want to . But I must ... not ... fail ... 
4 finals down , 1 to go . Please God , let me have gotten a C on my algebra final - hell , I'll even take a B . 
DAMNIT ! I wanted to play Starcraft II with < PROPFIRST > , but he'd rather watch Zac play Assassin's Creed : Brotherhood . Watching is fun , but playing is so much better ! ( hehe ) 
NO MORE FINALS WEEEEE ! I think I did well too , so I should be keeping my scholarship despite math . Mwahaha ! 
FUCK BATTLENET'S SERVERS FUCK THEM FUCK THEM AHHHHH !!!! 
I've been obsessively checking myNMSU every time I've gotten a < PROPMALE > for the last three days ... POST GRADES DAMN YOU ! I CAN'T HANDLE THIS SUSPENSE ! 
So much Fable III ! But my grades still aren't up so today could be better . Grrr . 
So apparently some quest dumbass cut a < PROPMALE > internet line , and NMSU has extended their final grade report to December 15th . Which , despite the fact it IS now December 15th , still aren't up . CURSES ! 
I am feeling so incredibly neglected and left out . The only thing anyone's said to me in hours is , \Hey 
If I'm gonna get my balls blown off for a word , then my word is ' poontang ' . 
So ... I rocked this semester . Totally passed math . Thank GOD . 
Tron was like a raver's wet dream . < PROPMALE > Bridges is such a BAMF . MUST see in 3d . 
I was reading through my old journals , and I was once so ... eloquent . I used to think I was so silly , but looking back , I think I was wiser then in many ways than I am now . I think I felt more then - the years since have just made me numb . 
Black Swan SO AMAZING . 
I just got ' pulled over ' for watching some badass song-synced Christmas lights on a house . Just sitting there , jamming , along with a few other die-hards , and a cop PULLS ME OVER . Fun part , I didn't have my license - funner part , I didn't get a ticket . I really DO like Christmas . :) 
My < PROPFEMALE > cousin picked up a paper guitar this morning and busted out with some perfectly pitched Niel Young - \Heart of Gold . \ " Hells yeah . " 
HEY WORLD ! New Year's < PROPFEMALE > party , my old house , 10:00 . There shall be bonfire and a catapult and games and things going boom . Let me know if you want directions . 
I really wish I was sleeping right now . 
< PROPMALE > has finally described the craziness that is my mom and two uncles : chaotic , unproductive energy . 
Aw Zach's gone ... goddameh . 
:'( 
I'm gonna dye my hair again , but this time all by myself ! Ahhh ! 
You come beating like moth's wings - spastic and violently . Whipping me into a storm ; shaking me down to the core . 
I want/need to write a script I can film this semester . But I have NO ideas or inspiration . It's really frustrating . ;( 
Let's see how creative my Facebook friends are : Leave me a 1-word comment that best describes me using the THIRD letter of YOUR FIRST name . It can only be 1 word :) Then copy and paste this to your wall so I can leave a word about you . Don't just post a word & not copy ... That's no fun !! 
I love < PROPMALE > , but FUCK < PROPMALE > . I searched for the word ' door ' , and in four different online translators , there were AT LEAST 10 different answers in < PROPMALE > . When I'd translate them back I'd get English words like ' wing ' , ' casement ' , ' blade ' , ' grand piano ' , and , oh yeah , ' door ' - all for the SAME < PROPMALE > word ! 
< PROPFIRST > turns into such a crazy bitch when we start losing at Starcraft II ... men take their games WAY too seriously . 
I'm surrownded by men in girl pants . 
I want House DESPERATELY . Why would they wait a full month between episodes just for Christmas and whatnot ? I know actors are people too , but come ON . 
House tomorrow finally AHHHH ! 
So , to men . What do you like doing for < PROPFIRST>'s ? Besides getting laid . I was thinking some paintball this year , cause we went dirtbiking last time ... any suggestions ? 
Dear Sickness : SUCK MY < PROPMALE > . 
You know what pisses me off ? Almost EVERYONE I know having no idea what their actual religious beliefs are . 
I just got my nails done . They are very pretty , I have to admit , and the clicking sound they make as I type may be satisfying enough to outweigh the irritation from all the other things I am now unable to do because of them . 
Aw , Tropic Thunder . How I love and appreciate thee . 
I need to cut my hair again , and shorter then last time I think . I'm starting to look like a pre-adolescent sk8tr wannabe . 
I believe in the right to keep and bear arms . One Facebooker has challenged all gun owners to put this on their wall . The Supreme Court of the United States has affirmed that the right to keep and bear arms is a fundamental right of the individual . If you Believe in the 2nd Amendment and you are not afraid to show it , re-post this 
So holy crap . My power has finally come back on . It's amazing how much snow can seem like the zombie apocalypse . 
I never thought I'd say this , but thank you El Paso Electric for being so shitty . Another day of rest and catch-up for me ! 
Like an idiot , though I was completely aware of the rolling blackouts , I didn't think to get candles or flashlights or anything . Thank god it came on again - that was just awkward . 
I am so excited for Battle Angel , the live-action adaptation of my favorite manga . Best part ? It's being directed by < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > . Even BETTER part ? < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > put so much energy into developing the software behind Avatar because he also wanted to make Battle Angel < PROPFEMALE > . 
* sigh * Biting through , as always . Maybe someday things will just be right without me bending and breaking for my stupid life to function . 
Anyone do the P90X workout ? 
Must ... cut ... all hair ... off ... 
Yesterday , I was running around in a T-shirt . Today , it's snowing . FUCK YOU NEW MEXICO WEATHER . 
What I've Learned About Long Term Relationships :\ 
Any small annoyance , like a paper cut , will become gangrenous and life-threatening if unattended . Hopefully you'll be able to amputate before it poisons the heart . 
You probably know this , because you are my friend and therefore awesome , but in case you don't:\ 
< PROPMALE > DEFRANCO ROCKS MY SOCKS . 
Christmas just happened . Except better . Mister < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > , my amazing uncle , got me a army-worthy gas mask and a -- ready for this ? -- leather flight cap from WWII ! It's so old and used and FUCKING BEAUTIFUL . I love gun shows ... 
I need help . My Chemical Romance is confusing me . I wiki'd them within the last few months , and I read about how their new album was coming out and there had been lots of people in black robes to announce it ( possibly ; little hazy on that one ) . Then I was told in Lab Monday that they'd dropped a new album in the last few months . But wiki knows nothing , which makes me think it isn't true ... \ 
HELP ! 
I want a girl with uninterrupted prosperity\ 
Who uses a machete to cut through red tape\ 
With fingernails that shine like justice\ 
And a voice that is dark like tinted glass 
We has ferrets . We has Hermin Melvil and Kerrigan < PROPFEMALE > of Blades . We has CUTEST THINGIES EVER . \ 
Vash the Stampede doesn't know what to do . 
Last night I asked < PROPFIRST > what he thought of my new hair color , and he looked at me for a while , frowned , and said \Pretty\ " before returning to his laptop . \ 
I just remembered I have to pay a ticket by 4/1 ... damn . 
Suckerpunch was pretty cool . I recommend seeing it . But it wasn't as cool as it should have been . 
I'd love my life to ' feel like the movies . ' It's that sensation that fuels all the passion and drive I've ever had . Maybe I bleed to know I'm alive . Or maybe I bleed to feel more like the movies , to feel something better than existence . Maybe I just want you to know who I am . And what I'm capable of . 
I just spent 30 minutes doing some Suave hair style thingy online . * sigh * 
I want to start wearing dresses and skirts . I really do . But they're just so restrictive and ... GIRLY . 
