I have internet again , yayyyy :D 

Wants to be able to afford a housekeeper . 
Methionine and glutamic acid , for example , are much more likely to be involed in < PROPFEMALE > helices than in beta pleated sheets . 
I am so happy that I bought myself music for christmas <3 
I can't wait for Monday ! My first community supported agriculture ( CSA ) box is coming ! Fruit and veggies :) I'm going to try oranges for the first time in years ... we'll see how that turns out . 
I don't like tangelos . But I like blood oranges ( from mom not the farm ) and grapefruit 
I think I found a first name that I like for my SCA persona ! 
I'm wondering if I'm a bit young to not care when it's my birthday . 
My dream car company : Tesla Motors . Now they just need to make a model that is affordable . 
I think I have decided what my favorite two songs are . Love by Nat < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > and Sleeping Sun by Nightwish . 
Now lets see if I can still get into the Baronial Banquet ! 
Amazing new words I just learned ( don't ask me to pronounce them though ): phobophobia , kakorrhaphiphobia . 
Both midterms done ! Yay :D 
I finally trimmed my nails ! Now I can type again :D Now the frat boys need to stop talking so I can go to sleep . 
Day of Dance was amazing ! So much fun ! And now I don't think I can remember a single dance . 
Electronics confuse me . Ethernet dosen't work first time I try , second time I try it works fine . Why ? It must be because I talked to my dad and it knew that I talked to him . Electronics work for techies . It knows I am not a techie and therefore it likes to mess with me . ( Yes , I am aware this is not actually how the universe works but I swear that sometimes it does ) 
And now for something completly different ~~~ 
Mothers day is coming ! Ack !! 
I just had the most amazing chai tea latte ever ! 
I am biting my nails again >_< 
frat boys singing disney out of tune = ears hurt 
I miss my nails , I also don't get why I picked them again after almost a year :( 
I didn't think it was possible to play music that loudly or have a bass that strong . Why'd I move into greek row ? 
I want to read a book of mine but it's not in my apartment ! Gah ! 
I find it amusing that flibbertigibit has a definition . 
