is an idiot ! How did i not see the skateborder before i ran into him ?!? ow , ow , ow ... 

loves coco pebbles with strawberries !!! 
got my temps today , baby ! mwa-ha-HA ! 
is off to band practice . i can barely contain my enthusiasm ... come to the parade on sunday so my hard work isn't for nothing ! 
is finished being farmer girl for the day . now it's time for a shower , then fireworks ! 
yay !!!! I have a profile pic !!! Yay !!! 
should be sleeping ... but I can't! who knewchicken nuggets could keep u so wired 
loves < PROPMALE > ! 
is going camping for the first time ever ! i dearly hope mosquitos don't feast on me 
is perturbed . What happened to the Carp ?!?! 
Is being active today : biking , volleyball , maybe running later 
Today is both left handed people day and blame someone else day , so ... I blame the leftys ! 
is sore and stiff , but psyched that volleyball is starting again ! is it weird to like feeling sore ? 
has lots of cookies to sell . anybody wanna buy any ? they're sure to be tasty ! 
is finally up to date in volleyball land -- i got spandex ! 
the hard facts about shopping for clothes : shorts will be short , pants will be tight , and shirts are frequently sheer . don't see-thru shirts kinda defeat the purpose ? i mean , really ! 
just ate fudge-topped pre-birthday cake with the family ! nobody remembered candles , so we improvised and used matches . :) 
first day of school ... already have algebra 2 homework ... but got made class secretary . pretty fun , in a boring way 
has a cold . :( 
hates seeing people with half a head 
< PROPMALE > out with family friends tonight ... bar hoppin'! 
was really tired and sick , but slept for nearly 12 hours and now feels much better 
is so nervous for friday !!! 
retains the sexiest tan lines on earth , despite the fact that it's November 
thinks one act play was great ! and to celebrate , we get to sleep in tomorrow ! 
is aprehensively excited for tonight's excusion ! 
is having a blast at state theater ! we got hats n glasses n beads ... n memories ! :) deeply missing my baby , though . :( 
is stuffed ... I now know a whole can of whipped cream is not a good idea 
loves snow ! hates shoveling it ! ( over and over and over ... ) 
is curious as to why all the teachers load on the homework and projects right before Christmas vacation ? Oh , well ... only one more day ! 
saved room for cake ... but now has to wait for it to come out of the oven 
everyone is so happy and loving and content . I love it ! 
is bored ... maybe i'll take a nap til we start our end of the year celebration . 
is feeling good tonite ! i don't know why , but i just do ! 
is off to ec for movies . not really sure which one to see yet , but entertainment is sure to be had . 
loves skiing ! but not the falling and nearly breaking your leg parts . 
isn't sure whether it's worse to know , or not to know . 
is bouncing on an exercise ball ! 
catered for the first time today . not a bad experience . 
purr ... purr ... purrrrrr ... puuurrrrrrrrrrr ... MEOW ! 
is proud to at least have gotten 8 points on the individual tests at the math meet today . :) 
mmm ... pudding ! 
it is just warm enough in my house that i can wear a winter coat and be completely comfortable . 
went to Pizza Ranch . I give it three stars . Limited broccoli on the < PROPMALE > pizza , but great amount of meat on the \man's pizza \"" 
hates when you hear and love a song mix , then hear the original and try to sing all the mix parts . it just doesn't work 
hot chocolate mix makes wonderful coffee creamer 
is very upset ! our microwave died 
just took a wonderful cat nap . Excited n well slept for tonite . :) 
had a pretty awesome night . mudding , getting stuck , campfire ... good times ! next time tho , we need marshmallows 
is considering getting dressed for the day 
As we were , so perfect , so happy Don't remember , only your smiles ' Cause that's all they've seen Long since dried when we are found Are the tears in which we had drowned As we were , so perfect , so happy 
got up at 2:30 ! first time sleeping past noon in ... i can't even remember how long 
is writing a letter to my baby ! 
Hoppy Easter all ! 
why does it not surprise me that everybody's on the night before school starts up again ? 
is ultimately pissed off at the scheduling for next year . she asked for our input , we gave it , she changed virtually nothing , and now i can't take half the classes i want to ! UGH !!! 
mmm , late night bagels . :) 
i miss , miss , miss him ! but , more importantly , i love , love , LOVE him ! 
is off to work a little girls ' v-ball tourney 
is wondering what the ' m ' on m&ms stands for 
went to EC , got a new black microwave , and got a haircut ! and it's curly ! 
bummin ' in biology . < PROPFEMALE > is the best bs-er to Mr. Sigs ! 
Ms. Maenner is officially my hero 
is looking forward to a day in < PROPFEMALE > ! in about 12 hours , the forensics team will be performing at state ! wish us luck ! 
got a GOLD AT STATE !!!!! we acted like nutcases on the way back in celebration . :) 
say it ain't so , i will not go , turn the lights off , < PROPFEMALE > me home . 
all the chocolate eggs are gone !!!! :( 
had a verrrrrrrry long evening . on the bright side , the 8th grade play is pulling together 
only one more PREP session , then i'm DONE !!! ( and it's gonna b a party ! ) 
chips , strawberries , string cheese , n cream soda were my supper . what a well balanced meal ! 
thinks the 8th grade play was awesome ! i can't wait to actually see see it tomorrow ! Great job , everybody ! :) 
loves it when my friends randomly show up at my door to whisk me away . :) 
off to help supervise the 8th grader's last performance . good luck ! 
A little bit of < PROPFEMALE > in my life , A little bit of < PROPFEMALE > by my side , A little bit of < PROPFEMALE>'s all I need , A little bit of < PROPFEMALE>'s what I see , A little bit of < PROPFEMALE > in the sun , A little bit of < PROPFIRST > all night long , A little bit of < PROPFEMALE > here I am , A little bit of you makes me your man . :))) 
thinks it's hilarious watching guys play some war video game on level 19 ( jumping up from 6 ) and freaking out over how screwed they are . :) 
died today 
hates when ur arguing with ur parents n u decide to stop fighting back because u've realized it's just gonna make them madder n they might decide to make consequences if u keep going . ur right , u kno it , but they think they've won n the discussion is forever settled just because u stopped . 
PROM !!!! going over to < PROPFEMALE>'s to get ready soon . it's gonna b great ! :)))) 
had a blast last night ! counted 52 < PROPFIRST > pins n 6 little flowers in my hair . amazed i didn't spill anything on myself at Famous < PROPMALE>'s . :) 
washed , rinsed , n repeated 3 times and my hair still smells like the hairspray ! 
is sad and pissed off at myself . :'( 
mmm , refreshed n energized ... just in time for bed ! stupid kenpoX ( but it was fun ) . Thanks , < PROPFIRST > ! 
did something to my ankle today . ow . :( 
is a forced volunteer of the city of < PROPFEMALE > tonight . i was the one in the blue sweatshirt putting purple fliers on doors . 
almost gave blood today ... :( 
:)) 8 days !! <3 
has some scary monster hair going on . but i'm not doing anything today , so i don't feel the need to correct it . 
finished lawn-mowage and now is helping make supper . i get to do the veggies . and the rice pudding ! mmmm ... :) 
What you've got , boy , is hard to find . I think about it all the time . I'm all strung out , my heart is fried , I just can't get you off my mind ... 4 days !!! :DDD <3 
is packing . i have so many dress clothes , but why aren't any the right dress clothes ?!? Ahhhhh , 2 days left , leaving tomorrow for IL to see my sailor boy ! <3 
in Chicago with the Gutshalls . up at 5:45 , got to see < PROPFIRST > graduate at 9 , spending the day with him while he's on < PROPFEMALE > ! :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D <3 
is young and naive , but it still hurts when you expect fairness and it's denied you . there's nothing i hate worse than a broken promise , a broken commitment . 
had fun twirling a flag around ... then dropping it . whoops ! but i love our hats ! :) 
watched an amazing movie- August Rush . kinda sappy , but sometimes sappy moods are good for the soul 
has completed the algebra 2 final and is officially done with sophemore year ! goodbye ' til September ! but not all my tests r over ... wish me luck for tomorrow morning ! 
ahhhhh ! Disney movie night ! Dude ! 
ahhhh ! it's b-e-a-utiful outside ! but i'm babysitting my sisters , so no going anywhere tonight ... maybe more disney movies ! i'm in a kick 
had a pretty good time in the June Dairy Days parade . saw some people i haven't seen in forever , then went to my grandparents n had strawberry shortcake . :) 
Take me , take me out of here , it makes me\ 
Feel so , feel so na , na , na-na , na\ 
Baby , baby , here we all are crazy\ 
You don't have to worry , na , na , na-na , na 
has a bruised tailbone . and it hurts . i wish humans were far enough in evolution not to have them anymore- they're useless and hard and painful 
v-ball tonight ... then tomorrow's the last day of mural-painting at tuggers ! anybody who wants should come check it out , it's pretty awesome 
had a fun time my first night at work ! :) ... even tho it was only for 2 hours 
ranch ... <3 
enjoys schmoozing . I am a schmoozer . :) 
WILL be going to the beach today DAMMIT ! haven't gone all summer yet but my pathetic-ness will be broken today 
jammin ' out to 3oh ! 3 :D 
to sing when you're hurt , to sing when you cry ; to sing when you live , to sing when you die 
& < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > aced the compass test ! Then had ice cream at teps to celebrate :) 
just because the issue is not currently being discussed does not mean that it is resolved . it doesn't just go POOF and disappear 
Zumba !! 
optometrist appointment today ! also setting up a bank account here in town 
had the strangest dream last night :\ 
there was a Sesame Street day at school and we were all in the cafeteria decorating Sesame Street character masks to wear . \ 
weird . but possible theme for something next year ? hmmm ... 
is now on foreign soil . Why , hellooOOOooo Canada ! 
every time i see an exchange of cash here , it feels like we're playing monopoly :) 
Bachelorette party tonight . we have cow cake . :D 
freshmen make me laugh . :) 
fricken ' loves Toblerone bars ! 
It just takes some time , little girl , in the middle of the ride . Everything , everything will be just fine . Everything , everything will be alright . 
was just listening to the radio and heard the song Mr. Catt's been playing- the 21st night of September song . lol ! 
my happy place is 72 degrees . it's currently 60 degrees in my house . this just isn't gonna fly . 
it's my baby sister's 6th birthday today !! they won't be home til around 7 , so i've got plenty of time to wrap her presents ! 
Can you feel the love tonight ? \ 
I'm feeling an intense need to have a disney movie-a-thon on friday :) 
one year anniversary with my babe !!! \ 
I love you , < PROPFIRST > Gutshall ! \ 
( 2 days ! )\ 
<3 <3 <3 <3 <3 
tomorrow , tomorrow , i love ya , tomorrow . it's only a day away !!!! 
good riddance , wisdom teeth ! my mouth feels poofy and stiff . but the pain's not too bad ( thanks to ibuprofun :) ) 
tonight we're going hard\ 
just like the world is ours .... :) 
just wants to DANCE !!! 
STATE THEATER !!!!!!! TODAY !!! \ 
hellooooo , Oshkosh 
is citing sources in APA style . 
loves tulle and glitter !!! \ 
and all those fun shiny girlie things :) 
is f-freakin ' c-c-cold !!!! but really likes the fluffy white stuff falling from the sky :) 
for some reason I always associate the name < PROPFIRST > with an old-time villain or mobster . huh . 
though delicious , hershey's kisses don't bake very well . either that , or i did it wrong 
My current music infatuation is Avenged Sevenfold . 
I'm BLUE !! ( dabadee , dabadi ) but literally , from my new vibrant teal sheets 
my accounting class thinks it's funny that my mom gives me cough medicine in a shot glass . 
loved how half the teachers were ' sick ' today 
surprise visit from my grandma !! yes , I love her very much :) 
is biting the heads off baby goldfish 
fabulous first track practice . :D :D :D 
talk about spring storms . does this still count as march coming in like a lion ? 
It's elementary , dear Watson . 
has been wrapped up in astrology all day ... :D 
