First saturday off since i started working at pizza hut over a year ago ..... I LOVED IT !!!!! slept in , spent time with family , took my greatgrandparents to my church in rockport and alterserved ^_^ . went home and now imma go out with my sister . 

Played once again .. think ill ever stop falling for that cruel trick ? 
Ich habe Deutsch Prufung morgen !!!! AHHHHH !!!!! >.< Ich Brauche schlafen ! ( lol i totaly brutalized the < PROPMALE > but im to tired to correct it ) 
Ich habe Deutsch Prufung huete !!!! AHHHHH !!!!! >.< Ich Brauche schlafen ! ( lol i totaly brutalized the < PROPMALE > but im to tired to correct it ) 
Off to work !!!! laterz .. be back home around 1 tonight 
told you id be home at one lol .. just got off work and now im bored .. go back in at 10 am- 2pm .. short work day but they most likely ask me to stay till 10pm tomorrow so it might be a long one 
Had a great time with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > at pool ... i loved sing my baby < PROPFEMALE > and im missing my other baby girl < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Homework time ... dont expect to be able to get ahold of me , im picking up extra shifts at work and turning my phone off for the week .. laters 
Good Luck Getting Ahold Of Me .... Byes ! 
Brutal Day at Work ... TAKS Tomorrow -.- and Still Feeling Distant .. You Can Talk To Me .. But Dont Be Suprised If u Get My Wrath 
partied with some friends .. made out with this FFFIIINNNEEE chick ! 
PARTY !!!!!!!!!!!! love parties !!!! 
leave me the hell alone ... i just need some time to myself to think things threw 
Tore the muscle on my back between the lumbar and thoratic section of the vertabre .. im in so much freaking pain ! the medacine doesnt even touch the pain >.< 
Es gibt schulfrei !!!!!! woots !!!!!!!! 
12 hour work shift .. got slammed !!!! but i made $70 .. dead tired though .. going to the aquarium with lil sister monday and chillen with older sister wed hopefully 
played pool with jason .. was sweet !!!!!!!!! 
Had a Wonderful day ! took kassy to the aquarium , played pool with my older sister and 2 step bros and best friend . then to the surf club with all them , now dannys spending the night !! woots !!!!!!!!!!! 
life of < PROPFEMALE > Vega- Wake up , go to school ( 8am- 3:35 pm ) , take < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > home , go home , have 10 < PROPFEMALE > to get dressed and get to work wich takes an 8 < PROPFEMALE > drive to get to .. work till 9 which really ends up being 10:30 .. stay up all night doing homework .. take shower , take 3 hr sleep , restart everything over again .. funny part is ... weekends r worse .. basically , i have no life -.- 
Just got ungrounded 
>.< to many school projects at once and not enough time In a day ... I need sleep !!!!! 
< PROPMALE > project went bye bye ... rawr ! im screwed now 
so tired >.< i dont know how imma stay awake to finish this < PROPMALE > project due tomorrow 
Moving Date is Officially June 5 .. omg so soon ! we're staying in Portland !!!! 
Moving on june 5th ! 
Off to work . looks like another long night 
lets look at my schedule ... work and school ... OOOOO !!!!!! so exciting ! if u cant find me , now u know y .. sorry but i stopped texting at work and school .. the only time i text now is between 3:35 and 5 
Tired from work , all I wanna do is sleep 
Finally home !!!! and now i gets to stay up and do homework ... 
Cleaning my room ... kinda scared .... its been to long , been to busy ... AH !!!! it might eat me !!!!!! 
nom nom nom nom nom .... 
What do u do when u realize u think way to much ?... you work all the time so u stop thinking ... what do u do when u realize ur like a zombie cause all u do is work ?... I'm not to sure anymore 
Long night 
a little boy died today at chuck-e-cheese , my friends and i witnessed it ... life seems so sereal ... I pray for him and his family . 
Last day of school is tomorrow ! woots !!!!! 
adventurous day today ! passed all my finals , ate at toco < PROPFEMALE > and went to the movies with < PROPFIRST > , now im off to work and hopefully mom will let me go to the Vault for the out of school party some of my friends are throwing there 
awesome night ! watched a movie , went to work and then hit the club with some friends ! 
graduation night was horrific at work but tonight will be even worse cus of all the graduation parties today , save me ! >.< 
vielbeschäftigt mit packen ! >.< \ 
very busy with packing ! >.< ( moving day is saturday ! omg ! ) 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > - Friends in low Places 
So for the past week ive been having very wierd vivd dreams and non repeat , infact they are completely different except for these 4 things that happen in every one1 ) ghost , theres always a ghost in it at some time\ 
2 ) some type of fighting or war\ 
3 ) im running away or from something but idr what it is\ 
4 ) im trying to find answeres to somethingidk what any of it means , what do yall think ? 
who has seen the movie \Why did i get married\ " ... if you have then u must agree that the 80/20 rule is SSSOOOOOO true ! " 
Some ppl for summer cleaning , take everything out of their house and deepclean it like crazy then have a garage sale to get rid of everything they dont want and put the rest back ..... We just get a new house ^_^ 
I made the BAF auditions !!!!! im starting off in the Adult Choir to build confidence though but thats all kool 
Surrender saved my life- This Beautiful Republic\ 
All i need to be- Fireflight\ 
Swept away- Flyleaf\ 
Rise up- Bless the fall\ 
Reach- Eyes set to kill\ 
Unbreakable-Ffireflight\ 
The surface- The Beautiful Republic 
fun day with < PROPMALE > today ! headed back to work , boooooo ! lol lets make the big bucks ! 
..... I dont even know anymore ..... 
New haircut !!!! ^_^ 
Hoping with each new day I'm moving forward\ 
I push the fear away and I let go ' cause \ 
I'm so through with barely hanging on\ 
Leaving what's in the past behind \ 
I've come closer to crossing over the line\ 
and I won't stop until I get what I've been fighting for\ 
\ 
~ All I Need To Be ~ By : FireFlight 
so confused lately 
closing tonight and tomorrow , so ill be home late . >.< 
Funfact #10 it's not laughing at me since I'm laughing with you 
Hey 
Funfact #12 now ur laughing out loud 
FunFacts ... lol 
funfact of the night- Goodnight world ! 
Someone Egged my car last night ! -.- why me ? 
Not only did someone egg my car but also someone hit the front of my car while i was at the movie theater with my best friend -.- this is officially not my day . why me ?! 
AH ! why am i so sore ?! im used to working 10 hour shifts 
i need some sort of Change in my life , that would be nice . 
adventuras day ! 
boring morning and afternoon , looking for an exciting night with the crew tonight though ! 
Sometimes i wonder what would happen if i didnt have music to help me think things threw and help with life itself and the many questions that will nvr be answered 
I will be completely honest for 24 hours . You can ask me one question ( only in my inbox ) I will answer no matter what . You have my full honesty and the question will be completely between you and me , but I dare you to put this as your status and see what people ask you 
LONG night at work , ganna be an even longer day tomorrow , txt me or i might lose my sanity at work lol 
Past couple nights have been crazy ! Thank the Lord for music or id probably go insane by now 
Memories still haunt me when i hear the lil kids at work scream , makes me think of that lil boy i saw , is it still supposed to affect me sometimes ? 
LONG night fo sho ! good thing i love my job 
messed up real bad this time yall , if i dont get on for a while you know why . 
lmfao ! The computer at workk shut down and it was total chaos ! Amazing day of work day beofre i leave on Vacation with the family ! LATER WORK ! have fun without me ! 
Loving the outdoors ! Wish I could just stay here 
Vacation ended to soon ! but i had a blast and glad to be back 
Interesting First Day Back 
Amazing what you can learn about ppl from just reading their Posts on here , Finally got home from work , hope i can go to SurfClub , it be nice to see all my friends again , busy day ahead of me so probably going to sleep now . Night World 
Does anyone else wonder Who is looking at your status's ? makes you wonder who pays attention and who doesnt care ... wierd thought , i know 
Loving Life !!!! 
Why is it after a long hard day at work and closing so i get home uber late and is exhausted .. i STILL cant sleep ? -.- 
Its amazing when Life just smacks u in the face and you realize stuff about u you nvr realized before .... ive figured out i have some stuff i need to work out if i ever wanna go somewhere with my life 
Thanks < PROPFIRST > -.- you got me and mom sick , work will be hell with no voice 
Feeling alot better ! Schools going great , no complaints yet ^_^ 
Bye Bye Somatoform Disorder Project : ' -( my computer just lost my Entire project that is due tomorrow , Shoot me ? 
Looks like another long night with lots of homework , forcing down coffee , blairing the music , and periodically walking around helps u stay away so i have learned . Any other suggestions ? 
Gettin the promotion i asked for ! ^_^ Uber excited ! lots to do first though but itll be worth it ! :-) 
I need critics on my new pictures under album photojournalism , be 100% honest , no matter how brutal , i can take it 
Lost my car keys , going mad trying to find them , awesome day other than that 
Kinda wanna go out tonight since it's the only night I can , hit me up if u wanna go to the clubs or shoot some pool , u gots my number 
Awesome night with my friends ! tore up the pool hall and gettin better ^_^ also found my car keys , YAY !!!!!!!!! was going mad without them ! haha 
So ... I almost died today between corpus and the island , Some stupid Charger cut me off and decided to slam on his breaks so i had to slam on mine and swerve to miss him >.< ... exciting day 
Distubed Concert with < PROPMALE > tonight !!!!! cant wait !!!!! uber excited !!!!! 
BEST CONCERT EVER !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
So ... today i found out from personal experiance ( on Accident ! ) that .... Dry Ice ... REALLY REALLY BURNS !!!!!!! Dont touch it !!!! :-( i have bandaids all over my hands .. i looks funny and i hurts 
Sometimes i wonder what its like to be < PROPMALE > and not have to worry or have a job and just have life made ..... Then i see a < PROPMALE > person and am so gratefull i am not them . Im in joying life right now and though i am working hard getting barely any sleep , i can atleast be thrilled by lifes simple pleasures be thankfull for what i already have , love the people around me and have a great life 
so all honesty here ....... I HATE THIS !!!!! wake up at 7am ... school all day ... then work ... then stay up all night doing homework ... do it all over again .... just saddens me when i hear about all the parties and good times i pass up and how i nvr see my friends and family anymore . i feel invisible most of the time , life is not easy and the worst part is it gets harder from here on :-\\ 
I like it on my bed or on the floor or in my car :-) 
............. 
Not really sure what to say anymore , just kinda living my life , nothin new 
Physics class we r making rockets ... \ 
He said : hey can you pass me the scissors ? \ 
She says : if I stab you with them does that count ? 
VERY long day at work . >.< but all in all still a good day 
Missed homecomming , hope all my friends had a great night , I did ! Work was fun and I meet some interesting customers , got to see my best friend and some old friends from ingleside , everyone was happy funny and fun , all in all a great night 
OMG ! so today i totally relaxed all day ! it was amazing ! i slept in , woke up , had the house to my self and watched movies all day just chillaxin .... it was very much needed ! 
just kinda bored .... bleh 
So ... I just finished watching The Wedding Date ... pretty good movie ... if I was forced to be around my ex fiancé I'd probably hire a date to torched him to .. r they in the yellow pages by < PROPMALE > ? Jk jk . It's a funny movie u should watch it 
So ...... ya 
Dreams can really suck sometimes 
Life is as boring , plain , and bleh as ever 
Interesting weekend I would have to say 
So I just dyed my hair red but u can't even tell , sadness : ' -( 
So ... I was called into work today and said no for the first time ... would be proud of myself but the real reason I said no was because the doctor said I shouldn't work and need to rest and relax my back :-/ why is saying no so hard ? 
Job hunting today , doubt I'll get any but it's worth a try , wish me luck ! 
Omg it's impossible for me to apply at chillies ! I get there at 3:40 and they said it's still to late to apply come back tomorrow between 2 and 4 . -.- I have school till 3:45 
Came back with one app .... the world has gone electronic and my Internet has been down for 2 weeks ... then decided switching jobs ain't worth it so imma stick it out . 
So .... I really dislike Thursday .... it seems to be an extremely boring and extra long day 
So .... it's pretty sad when u don't even want to breathe cus the slightest movements hurts ur back and feel like ur ganna collapse soon . Feels like I'm getting shocked for moving -.- 
So had to leave school early yesterday .... went to the chiropracter , took some more x-rays ... neck looks alot better but lower back ... not looking so good , going back today to get some more results 
Never again , I don't even wanna drive , just wanna walk everywhere 
So ..... ya 
Helped mom with her photography job all night , skipped school , slept till noon , 2 doc appt . Then off to work at 5:30 
They have decided to total my car : ' -( oh well shiz happens right ? Besides I been enjoying my walks everywhere , they're relaxing 
Cooking all day , family and friends just showed up , amazing funfilled day , hope yalls holiday is just as good , happy thanksgiving ! 
< PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > got my Internet to work again ! yay !!!!! ^_^ 
my sister , mom and moms best friend < PROPFEMALE > left around 8:30 pm to do Black Friday shopping . they wanted me to go but i said no.it is now 4:15 Am and they are still out in the crazyness while im at home with Chad(step Dad ) , Danny(angelas husband ) . we've been threw a chocolate pie , fixd my computer , a phone and something else , played some video games and now we are onto some movies .... awesome funfilled night in all ! 
Sleep ! I need sleep before I go work a closing shift ! Lol oh well it was well worth it 
Interesting night last night 
So i have come to the conclusion and decision that .... i have the Worst luck with men ever -.- lol ! 
Bored in school , day off work and no one to < PROPFEMALE > out with 
Starting to hate my dreams -.- 
Comment on my new photojournalism pictures i just posted pls ^_^ 
Long week and it just keeps getting longer , counting down the days till the cruise ! Relaxation yes !!!!!!! 
Enjoying all the hours im getting at work , but DANG ! its been hella crazy and i am warn out hard core lol . its 11pm just got home and now time for homework . hope i dont fall asleep again haha . wish me luck ! 
Playing/dancing in the rain = Epic fun !... gotta love rain ^_^ 
Hey ppls . Pretty bored in economics , not doing anything . Give me a txt if ur bored too :-) 
Need a lil < PROPFIRST > bublé , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > McLachlan , Enya , < PROPFEMALE > , practical magic and even some Seal and I'm good to go to bed . Night y'all!!!! 
SO ...... I thought mom had said we owe $8000 and insurance would only pay $300 , of course I cried right on the spot cus I don't have that money , but turns out I misherd her and they're really paying all the car off and $200 of the deductable , I only owe $300 now lol yay !!! 
so .... it was an extremely long night ... but the GP choir came over to have pizza and everyone was amazingly awesome ! thank you guys for giving me a great night ! 
so i really need to see Dr. Krugman .... ever since my accident ive been having massive headachs , alot of pain , cant concentrate on anything and my back has been killing me and wont stop spazzing out on me ... * sigh * i hate complaining but this is getting worse and idk how much more i can handle 
Awesome day today . Ganna chill with an old friend , hit me up if u wanna chill with us . 
finally home . wonderfull day . Cleaned the kitchen then went to Chillies with my best friend < PROPMALE > , then to < PROPMALE > world were i ran into an old friend of mine i havent seen in 3 years and then went to work wich was also pretty good ! looking forward to this week ! 
Need a date to the Pizza Hut Christmas party , seeming on how I highly doubt I'll get a bf or a gf by the 23rd and we r also allowed to bring family my epic date shall be my crazy awesome older sister < PROPFIRST > ! I shall teach her how to cook homemade fudge for the potluck ! It will be an awesome night ! Always is with < PROPFIRST > 
We leave tomorrow for an awesome vacation and no one will be able to get ahold of me for 4 days ^_^ excited ! Then I get back and work has a Christmas party , excited for that too , for now there's alot of cleaning and packing , not so excited bout that lol 
Im ready to sail away and forget everything ! forget all the stresses of school and work and some friends and their dramas and boys/girls . Wont remember anything when i get back , ill be starting like its a new place . cant wait to finally relax ! i wont be able to talk to yall so just know i love you ! i get back on the 20th i believe 
Omg , Back in the US ! 5 hour drive home , ugh ! Lol someone txt me 
So we meet some amazing ppl on the cruise , we dined with them for the dinners . Truely amazing ppl . Thank you for some fun times The Scotts ' Family 
Ok first day back at work , eh ... 
Long day , ended up closing , work at 4 , need to sleep , night world ! 
Pizza Hut work party tonight , heck ya ! 
Spending time with my grumpy(grandpa ) and family in rockport 
Shootin some pool with my sister and her friends . Heck ya !!!!! 
Second day in a row for a double shift at work . I'm beat ! Closing tomorrow for new years . 
Finally signed up to take the ACT .... 
< PROPFEMALE > s birthday tomorrow . Then weekly meeting with the bridesmaids to help plan the wedding . This should be interesting , I've nvr helped plan a wedding or been a bridesmaid before . Uber excited and extremely happy < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > r inlove with eachother . Congrates guys ! ^_^ 
Meet a great guy .. he leaves for military ... meet another great guy .. he's dating so we become friends ... meet an awesome girl ... she's engaged to her gf .... anyone else seeing a trend ? Lol . Oh well , least I have some Kool friends now :-) 
Lets see ..... 
$300 for the class ring im loving : ' -( 
That storm was intense ! it started hailing hard core and everyone woke up . it lookd like snow kinda . 
Wierd day today 
saturday AND sunday off ... SCORE !!!!! maybe we can get some more wedding planning wth < PROPFEMALE > done .... training a new server at work , funstuff always ... 
was called into work ... long long day . chillen with the family now 
Ever feel like ur being ignored and because of it u think to much for your own good ? That's pretty much how I feel with some friends right now -.- 
Donating blood today ! Come join me peeps ! 
\you laugh at me because I am strange . I laugh at you because you are stupid\ " ... haha ! < PROPFEMALE > you are so right ! this quote totally does sound like me ! thanks ! ^_^ " 
Kinda wierd when ppl notice u in the hall and get offended when u dont notice them back O.o ... sorry if i dont say hi lol ... was SLAMMED at work tonight but all the customers were extremely nice and considerate . celebrating my GreatGrandmothers Birthday tomorrow . might go clubbing with < PROPFIRST > and her peeps . looking forward to an awesome day ! 
And my plans for an awesome day go south ... oh well ... call me if anyone is down to chill 
Up in da club wit my sis !!!! 
Y do I have to be sick , I can't afford it . 
