Movie recommendation Triple Play : Today's theme - Christian Bale . Everyone knows him as Batman/Bruce < PROPMALE > , but he has made several great films . My three favorites not involving Batman or Robots from the future are : 1 ) The Prestige 2 ) Equillibrium 3 ) 3:10 to Yuma 

Am I the only person in the world who can't muster one iota of sypathy for a fugitive who drugged and RAPED a child ?!!! 
Can we please get over Global Warming . The average temperature of the planet stopped increasing a decade ago and , in fact , has decreased for the last several . I'm sure it's only a coincedence that solar activity slowed at about the same time . The Sun , which controls everything else about the Earth's climate , can't possibly control our warming/cooling trends , because no evil capitalist pig-dogs live there ! 
If I have to see/read/hear one more ridiculous article/PSA about Swine Flu , I'm going to rip my hair out . Yes , H1N1 spreads faster than common flu , because it's a new strain and our immune systems have yet to adjust , but the fact is , it is WEAKER than common flu and the proportional rate of death/complications from it are FAR LOWER . Fact is , it's not as bad as common flu . DUDES , STOP THIS MADNESS ! 
Question : My first is a number , my second another , And each , I assure you , will rhyme with the other . My first you will find is one-fifth of my second , And truly my whole a long period reckoned . Yet my first and my second ( nay , think not I cozen ) , When added together will make but two dozen . How many am I ? 
Has finally fully recovered from his annual over indulgence . 
Thinks Female speed skaters are Hot ! 
Beware !!! 
< PROPFIRST > Travis -- Todays game-PLACE OF BIRTH ! Everyone please play ! You will find it interesting to know where your FB friends birth places are . Copy & paste this on your profile , then put your place of birth at the end of this sentence [] San < PROPMALE > , CA [] 
Does anyone know a way to mass-remove wall posts or do you have to remove them one by one ? 
I think that calculators have no place in a math class until you get to calculus II . If you can't do it the way Archimedes or < PROPMALE > did it , then you don't really know how to do it at all . 
If you believe you haven't evolved from a lower form of life , then you are right , YOU haven't . 
There is no worse tyranny than to force a man to pay for what he does not want merely because you think it would be good for him . — < PROPFIRST > A . Heinlein 
Every persons life is theirs by right . An individual's life can and must belong only to to himself , not to any society or community , or he is then but a slave . — < PROPFIRST > Goodkind 
Economic power is exercised by means of a positive , by offering men a reward , an incentive , a payment , a value ; political power is exercised by means of a negative , by the threat of punishment , injury , imprisonment , destruction . The businessman's tool is values ; the bureaucrat's tool is fear . — Ayn Rand 
VIA ->>>> DO NOT OPEN THE PALE BLUE GIFT TIED WITH A GREEN RIBBON SUPPOSEDLY SENT BY YOUR FRIENDS THIS IS A VIRUS THAT IS BEING SENT ROUND PLEASE WARN ALL YOUR FRIENDS BY REPOSTING THIS SO IT CAN BE STOPPED 
Enjoys the way advertisers just put a picture of a smokin ' hot woman on their ads regardless of what they are trying to sell . Need a mortgage ? -picture of a hottie ! Credit problems ? -picutre of a hottie ! Denture Cream ? -picture of a hottie ! Hemroid Cream ? -picture of a hottie ! Apparently Hotties love 33 year old guys who live and blog in their mom's basement ! These are exciting times ! 
is barking at the < PROPFEMALE > with Mr. Crowley . 
Is goin ' off the rails on a Crazy Train ... 
Was chillin ' in Kentucky Fried Chicken . Just my mindin ' my own business , eatin ' food and finger lickin ' 
Is upper , upper class ; high society . God's gift to Ballroom notoriety . 
Get Down ! Raise Hell ! Party at the motel ! Dress like a Female , Baby ! Get Down ! Raise Hell ! Party at the motel ! If you wanna rock'n'roll now , baby ! 
Song lyric of the day : guess the title and artist to win a full set of 6 shiney new \attaboys \"!" 
Song lyric of the Day : I used to trust the media to tell me the truth ... tell us the Truth . But now , I've seen the payoffs everywhere I look . Who do you trust when everyone's a crook ? 
SONG LYRIC OF THE DAY : Today’s edition is courtesy of one of the founding fathers of modern musical awesomeness ! “I got a head full of faces , a heart full of pain . I got some bad ideas feedin’ my brain . I got a night full of promise , a city full of prey . Looks like everything is goin’ my way . ” 
In observance of Earth Day , I would like to acknowledge all the wonderful things made possible by organic farming : Higher prices , lower crop yields , salmanela , and e-coli outbreaks ! Thank you Hippies ! Thank you for mindlessly leading humanity back to the Dark Ages , one unwashed , unshaven , bare-footed step at a time ! 
Is a Hoopy Frood . 
WTF is going on ?! 
testing 
Something very strange is going on with my Wall . If I post or delete anything , there seems to be about a 20 minute delay before it updates on my wall permanently . Has anyone else seen this ? If you reply to this , I won't see it for a while .... hmmmm ! 
OK , the problem with my wall seems to be fixed . 
Today's lyric is from an all time great band , but it's an obscure song . Let's see who can get it ! SONG LYRIC OF THE DAY : \When the outside temperature rises And the meaning is oh so clear One thousand and one yellow daffodils Begin to dance in front of you - oh dear Are they trying to tell you something ? You're missing that one final screw You're simply not in the pink my dear To be honest you haven't got a clue \"" 
OK folks , I'm going to have to discontinue LYRIC OF THE DAY if people are just going to google the Lyric to get the answer ! This is supposed to be a fun thing to see who out there knows the songs I listen to . There are no real prizes ! There is no rational reason to cheat ! I just want to see who out there has a similar musical repertoire to mine . 
Is disgusted by the omnipresent display of incredibly poor grammar and believes that a lack of regard for the proper use of language should be grounds for immediate dismissal from this world ! 
SONG LYRIC OF THE DAY : \She can kill with a smile . She can wound with her eyes . And she can ruin your faith with her casural lies . And she only only reveals what she wants you to see . \"" 
Today's lyric should be a fairly tough one . SONG LYRIC OF THE DAY : \Teddy scared my mother and the collegiate debutant . Clicked the switch and watched him twitch 
Zoo Friends . I think I should give you all fair warning . You can get cheap junk in the new mystery crates ! I just spent 55 wlps for 3 crates and got a Jasminum sambac tree , a < PROPFEMALE > tree and a < PROPFEMALE > macaw !!! You can get special stuff that isn't in the shop , but you will mostly get junk ! Be warned ! unless you have everything you want from the shop already , you are probably better off saving your points . 
OK , the SONG LYRIC OF THE DAY for the last 3 days was never correctly guessed . That is a first ! The song was \Woman of 1000 Years\ " by < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ns and the Atomic Playboys " 
Sorry , I was too busy yesterday . SONG LYRIC OF THE DAY :\D reamed I was an Eskimo ( Bop-bop ta-da-da bop-bop Ta-da-da ) Frozen wind began to blow ( Bop-bop ta-da-da bop-bop Ta-da-da ) Under my boots ' n around my toe ( Bop-bop ta-da-da bop-bop Ta-da-da ) Frost had bit the ground below \"" 
WTF ? 
Who can see this ? 
Go stick your head in a pig ! 
OK , been away for a couple of days , how does the < PROPFEMALE > garden work ? 
I have an enormous Peccadillo ! 
Is beginning to think that the 11th Doctor might just be the best one yet !!! 
Likes people who smell good ... or at least look like they smell good ... or at least sound like they look like they smell good ... or at least feel like they sound like they look like they smell good ... but what I really , really like are people who taste like they feel like they sound like they look like they smell good !!! 
Was dead at the time ... was on the moon ... with < PROPMALE > . 
\These words he speaks are true . We're all luminary stew . We don't pledge allegiance to ... \"" 
Good morning 
I have started posting some of my original poetry in the notes section of my profile . If you are into poetry , check it out and let me know what you think . I take criticism well ... as long as it is extremely positive .... jk ;-} 
New poetry in the notes tab ... 
More new poetry in notes ... 
New Poetry in my notes ... 
More poetry added in notes 
GO HOGS ! ROLL THE TIDE ! WOO PIG SOOIE ! 
Hates it when people comment on a link that they obviously haven't actually read or watched . 
New Kung Fu Panda movie in May !!! 
Is not here to serve you ! 
will not < PROPMALE > moral sanction to those who would destroy him . 
refuses to participate in the global orgy of self-sacrificing ! 
\Remember remember the fifth of November\ 
Copy this text and put it in your status if you know someone or have heard of someone , who knows someone . If you don't know anyone or even if you've just heard of someone who doesn't know anyone then do still copy this . It's important to spread the message . 
Just took the first drink of the first of what should be a long and illustrious chain of large long island iced teas ! 
For any of you rat bastards out there whose voting habits are costing me many thousands of dollars per year in taxes ... I hope you choke to death on whatever pathetic , unearned pittance that you bribed the government to give you for MY money ! 
