Happy New Year ! 

So glad I made the change ! So nice to be back in charge of my < PROPFEMALE > again . 
Make Danzig wanna speak Spanish 
Always nice to go racing , even better when you find you still have touch ! :) 
can't wait to hide some wire ! 
decided off topic is a lifestyle not a choice ! 
On the road again . I just can't wait to get on the road . To feel that familiar ache deep in my back again . Oh I just can't wait to get back on the road again ... lol 
is ready to take a break from wrenching on mustangs ! Two rearends removed and swapped today . I forgot what a pain drum brakes can be ... 
is thinking about the possibilities of finishing his mustang projects in time for the car club challenge on Sat ! 
is hosting a pool party ! Hope I can get inside . 
Had a great time with family and friends at the party ! Thanks to all that came and hope those who couldn't attend can make it next time . 
is staring another road-trip in the face . 
It breathes again ! Fired up the coupe for the first time in quite awhile ! Need a new set of mufflers though ... 
I'm happy < PROPFEMALE > and I went to the track with a brand new combination and everything actually did what it was supposed to do ! Great time at mokan dragway . 
Decided not to stress about what I think needs to be done to have a good day at the track , and just enjoy a good day at the track instead . I feel better already ! 
Had a great day at the track ! < PROPFEMALE > and the little ones were able to join so that made it better . 
TGIM !!! Thanks to everyone who was a crumudgeon this morning . I feel like I can meet the world head-on after all . 
TGIM !!! Thanks to everyone who was a curmudgeon this morning . I feel like I can meet the world head-on after all . 
officially has a 12 second daily driver on street tires and through the mufflers . Can't wait to start fine tuning it ! Bring on the weekend !!! 
My mom was diagnosed with cancer . I'm taking to Wichita in the morning for a pet scan and she starts treatment after that . Please keep her in your thoughts . 
Mom finished the PET scan in Wichita this morning . Taking her to El Dorado tomorrow to actually talk with the cancer Dr. Get her results , and to finally start actual treatment ! 
RIP < PROPFIRST > . God speed and safe journey . 
Happy birthday ! 
is soooo tired 
My mother saw her cancer Dr yesterday and everything is going well so far ! Please keep her in your thoughts and prayers . Thank you . 
wants to see some CDRA pics ! Anybody ? 
went racing for first time in awhile , and got first place after everybody else let me win ... :-) 
Happy and relieved that mom's last test came back negative for cancer . Hoping it stays that way ! 
Didn't run any quicker , but did get 108mph 
is heading to Spfd for a couple days . anywhere good to eat ? 
Thanks everyone for the well wishes and the greatest party ever ! 
Is grateful for being blessed with wonderful family and friends ! 
Looking for some mufflers for the blue stang 
Is coming to the realization that Sunday is officially \sleep all day\ " due to not getting enough during the week ... " 
