day 1 on facebook , been a myspace guy for years but everyone's moved so i guess ill move on too . been kinda pissed with em anyway when they quit allowing playlist.com . 

day 2 and facebook is way better than myspace and now i know why i had a hard time gettin ahold of my old friends ... they switched to facebook . 
A good plan , violently executed now , is better than a perfect plan next week . < PROPFIRST > S . Patton 
< PROPFIRST > Long , trades paint with a semi and keeps on goin . Now if only the d-bag would've stopped . Hmmm ... where's that how's my driving number at ? 
Vigilante Justice is the only true justice that exists today . One man with one gun with a sense of right and wrong will always do more good than a paid judge , a handful of selected idiots and , two lawyers who are more crooked than the criminal himself . Some say that Vigilante's are a source of Anarchy ... some say the system itself is Anarchy . -Ramblings of an unknown Crazy Man/Enlightened < PROPFEMALE > 
They can knock me down , but they can't keep me there . 
Rivers come and Rivers go , Straight from my hell to my aching soul ... i gave you everything , what'd you give to me ? A pocket full of empty rings with diamonds that can sing , the most that i could ever hope is that you'd start to feel ... so real ... ' cause you are my faults as you are my own and you built my guilt but when i can you just never will -Various Lyrics from Djali Zwan , rockin out and thought id share it . 
30 DAYS TO FREEEDDOOOMM !!!!!!!!!!!! 
Because you're not human you're a fatal disease which courses through my veins !!! New song that I'm tweakin just thought I'd share my favorite line . It's a happy-go-lucky tune . 
At work ... again ... 12 days straight is a bit much . 
The ashes will fall , and the dust will blow\ 
While you and I will burn our souls - song I've been working on , it's halfway there , which may be a better title than what I currently have . 
This is a call to any of my facebook pals in the greater decatur area who like to be in a band . I'm trying to get one going , and unconventional instruments are more than welcome . Just let me know if anyone is interested . 
After all , all there is is after ... 
If ever there was a day ... 
My optimism told me to get lost , I was bringing it down , and now I'm truly alone in my loneliness . So I go out to my balcony and stare at the ground below , and as I watch the leaves fall that's when I know . This is ... not the end , It all has to fall apart so it can start over again . This is ... not the end , This is not ... the end - song I'm currently working on ... 
Your consistent lies / and hello-goodbyes / will darken a heart / as black as mine / stare into my eyes / my vagrant soul / this darkness that becomes me shall make me whole /// I'm not wicked , I've been given this new point of view / and all my choices just don't end up all that well for you / I'm a shadow of who I used to be , ahh yeah / So now I thank you for this monster that you've made of me 
It's a song I wrote about 15 minutes ago called INTO THE DARK ... It's okay though , It's all metaphorical . 
So in the last six months I have gained 17 lbs and lost 2 pant sizes ??? I find this interesting ... 
Just my luck , sleepin in my truck . and its cold as ... ice or somethin else really cold . lol . on a side note ... a 6'4\ man does not fit well layin down in an s10 . just thought id share that with u all . " 
Nevermind , my nephew saved the day ! hooray for heat ! 
There's a train leaving town in an hour / it's not waiting for you / and neither am i - rise against 
I would like to thank the < PROPMALE > Police Department for all their help today . I appreciate it immensely , so thank you for keeping the peace . Less than 24 hours to total freedom from < PROPFEMALE > , and I couldn't be happier right now . There is truly something to be said for reclaiming your life . 
Why would they call it a dream , when it's life that's the nightmare . I have found myself currently chained to an introspective quandary as to how the last four years have come and went . So much of it seems like a dream , real during , and fake after . Even now many of my memories seem falsified , almost as if they were created by another and placed inside my head . If all was reality , I think I'll take a nap . 
< PROPFIRST > Longs secret to dieting success in three easy steps ... \ 
1 . Stay Busy\ 
2 . Eat only when you are hungry\ 
3 . Stay so busy you never notice when you are hungry . \ 
Follow these three steps and the weight will fall right off . 
I really wish it'd warm up so i could work on my truck . paint wont stick under 40 degrees and i have a lot of body work to do . id work on the interior but i dont have the fabric i need and id have to take the seat out for two days to hand stitch it . So here's the life lesson of the day ... don't start a resto or hot < PROPMALE > project in the winter without a heated garage . 
I know you are the only one ... a little taste of heaven , and you know I am the only one ... your bitter taste of hell . Your eyes scream the end is creepin ' in , I'll need 37 stitches to keep the pain and you know I am the only one ... on the darkest side of the sun - 37 stitches by drowning pool , rockin out on the way to work and it was stuck in my head , thought I'd share it 
There's a lot to be said for my life ... well I guess that sums it up . lol . 
Can't waste a day when the night brings a hearse\ 
So make a move and plead the fifth ' cause ya can't plead the first\ 
So now I'm rollin ' down Rodeo wit a shotgun - Down Rodeo by Rage Against the Machine 
whatever i can do , i will ' cause I'm good like that - Djali Zwan 
So open your eyes child , \ 
Let's be on our way . \ 
Broken windows and ashes\ 
Are guiding the way . 
I'll be the one to protect you from\ 
Your enemies and your choices son\ 
They're one in the same\ 
I must isolate you\ 
Isolate and save you from yourself - A Perfect Circle - Pet 
if only i die\ 
just once in my life\ 
if only to try\ 
to take a guess , to be the best\ 
a feeling i hide\ 
that runs this world , that keeps us alive\ 
i want you to climb with me\ 
- of a broken heart by Djali Zwan , not indicative of my mood , it's just stuck in my head . 
Blessed are the shallow\ 
Depth they'll never find\ 
Seemed to be some comfort\ 
In rooms I try to hide\ 
Exposed beyond the shadows\ 
You take the cup from me\ 
Your dirt removes my blindness\ 
Your pain becomes my peace 
I wish my apartment came with a dishwasher ... that being said I would like to point out the single status on my info ... lol . 
Atkins day one ... So far I had an Atkins shake with 16g of fat , 4 strips of bacon , 50 Jerk shrimp ( small shrimp ) cooked in the bacon grease , and 4oz of Monterrey < PROPFIRST > cheese ... I feel the wait just falling off . No , that's my arteries clogging , my bad . 
Working on my degree @ University of < PROPMALE > Online ... going for a < PROPMALE > in satisfying Women and a minor in Bear Attacks . Check it out at University of < PROPMALE > . com 
Is there a GOD tonight up in the sky or is it empty just like me ?... So blow a kiss goodbye , close your eyes , tell me what you see ... - Rise Against - Life Less Frightning 
I'm done . Just fricking done ... 
My FENG has been SHUY'd! lol . Apt is looking good and all it took was some paint , wood stain , furniture arranging , hanging some things , balancing and contrasting colors ... that aside ... ummm ... something manly , or at least less gay of a comment ... go Cardinals !? 
And when i see her ... i'll tell her whats been on my mind all these sleepless nights . She'll recite her excuses , put my tail between my legs , like I do all the time . - Bayside - Don't Call Me Peanut , seriously awesome song ! Look it up ! 
I would like to thank MLK for this wonderful day of his ... triple time at Cat ... thank you . 
So you come to a crossroads and there is only one way to go , no turning back , which way do you pick ... right or left ? 
So the North Pole has moved 15 degrees of it's axis and I'm now a Gemini ... seriously ??? I can't stand Gemini's ... no offense to all the Gemini's out there ... I just don't want to be some two-faced prick ... oh wait ... too late . 
My drive home ... 2 or more ditches ? check . slide through 2 or more red lights ? check . complete 360 around another vehicle at 50 mph and slide backwards into a ditch ? awesome and check . britches still clean ? check thank GOD . unsafe driving conditions ? check and double check . be safe out there everyone ! 
So after last night I figure that puts me at 7.5 lives wasted out of what I'm guessing is 9 , if it's 8 I'm screwed ... time to buy a volvo ! 
So here's a question for everybody ... what was your worst compliment ever ? Remember it has to be a compliment . 
This isn't who I am . \ 
From confidence to self doubt in 60 seconds . \ 
Storming stages and stereos from here to there , \ 
trying to prove that I belong . \ 
Trying to win approval from people that I don't know . \ 
\ 
And I look so strong\ 
when the weight of all the world\ 
don't take it's toll . \ 
And I'd choose my side\ 
if I believed in what was right , \ 
but I'm all wrong . 
It seems itll be another looong night . I have a hard time sleeping anymore and when i do it's not restful ... been this way for a couple weeks now . Too much on my mind i guess ( which is a shocker to most of you , im sure ) my body is most definitely exhausted but my mid wont let me be at peace . ugh ... at least its good for my music , wrote 2 new songs last week so i guess thats positive ... 
Mi sono perso ... non capisco cosa a destra , cosa non a destra , cosa a sinistra . Coso fa ? Sono qui da sei anno ... perso ... non mi piace . Sto solo guardando per qualche l'aiuto ... il messaggio solo , per favore . Grazie . 
Well i went to the doctor who said i was having a severe allergic reaction to something ... he prescribed Clarinex , Pregnazone , some Epipens and gave me a shot of something else . Ill live ... but two days without work is gonna suck . Ugh . 
If each day is a gift where can i exchange it ... there's a few i'd like to return ... but someone's catching on and becoming a smarter shopper ... its gettin better 
Distance makes the heart fonder or so I’m told \ 
But I found that all which glitters really isn’t gold \ 
So if good things come to those who wait \ 
Then mine should probably be something really great - < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and the Giant Ghost 
Had a really good evening but i gotta be up in a few hours so i guess ill sleep while i can . 
Talking with an old friend today i realized something about myself . Afterwards i walked aimlessly for about an hour in the cold just thinking . I realized i was defeated , that i had given up without ever really trying . What am i talking about ? My life . I know I'm meant for more than pushing buttons in some factory . I know the moneys good but it doesnt buy happiness . 
Someone has to say it ... Al Gore wherever you are ... you can take your global warming and shove it up your inconvenient truth ! 
Well considering I'm thinking about going back to school I decided to take a few courses online today ... at the University of < PROPMALE > ... and here's what I learned about TV/VCR repair ... \ 
1 ) If it doesn't respect you , it'll never love you . And that's true for all electronics . \ 
2 ) When all else fails press stop repeatedly , until the room turns red and you just float for a minute ... \ 
Thank you for your words of wisdom < PROPMALE > ... 
Yes I know my enemies\ 
They're the teachers who taught me to fight me\ 
Compromise , conformity , assimilation , submission\ 
Ignorance , hypocrisy , brutality , the elite\ 
All of which are American dreams\ 
All of which are American dreams 
It seems like every day’s the same\ 
and I’m left to discover on my own\ 
It seems like everything is gray\ 
and there’s no color to behold\ 
They say it’s over and I’m fine again , yeah\ 
Try to stay sober feels like I’m dying here\ 
And I am aware now of how\ 
everything’s gonna be fine one day\ 
Too late , I’m in hell I am prepared now , \ 
seems everyone’s gonna be fine\ 
One day too late , just as well 
I believe I can see the future\ 
Cause I repeat the same routine\ 
I think I used to have a purpose\ 
But then again\ 
That might have been a dream 
The simple truth is that it's all a lie ... 
I am SOOOO ready for this trip to Italy ... just a few more months ... planning to go in July and be there on my birthday ... mainly < PROPFEMALE > and I think I'll head up to the Vatican for a few days as well . More than ready to go ! Just need to save up about 5k ... no sweat . 
I just saw who CREEPS around my pics the most here on Facebook . You can see who creeps around your profile too ! http://todayurl.com/stalker 
Why do i pay for a doctor that just pushes me off on someone else ? Now im at the ER and ill be here prob til 1 am ... dont worry its nothin and theyll send me home afterwards ... nothin to be concerned about . 
It is only the dead who have truly seen the end of war . - Plato . I just happened to come across this quote and am taken aback at the totality of his words ... for this is not only true for an actual war but a daily struggle . 
