happy new year 

my leg hurts why am in so much pain ? 
just watched the devils wedding night , boring 
pain isnt fun 
my minds like who ? what ? where ? why ? Wait a minet , now I remember !!!!! 
< PROPMALE > is there any thing better ? 
i played dradle ( sorry i dont think i spelled that right ) today 
wow 20 hours since my last post what happens in 20 hours 
the date on my pic is wrong i took it like 5 < PROPFEMALE > ago 
yeah imm the kind of jerk that sends you millions of flair because i love flair points !!!!!!! 
and big magnets 
world domination and big magnets 
imm too shy 
stop staring at my buttons ! 
I've been dead all night since i got home and this morning 
its snowing and my fingertips are red !!!! 
my house looks like a wintery country wonder land !!! 
taks suckkkkks 
Its weird when you've bin around loudness all day so when you get utter silence its defening . 
imm aalways in pain , now my poison is my head . 
being sick 
imm sick on sping break 
\Sometimes I become spellbound in the middle of Wal-Mart . \ " gess what book this is from and who said it . " 
still pretty sick 
life is like a box of chacolates you never know what your going to get , exept yours . yours is like a box of grenades now hand over the mind control device ! :) 
have you ever tried to cross somthing out in highlighter ? yeah no that doesnt work , I know , I've tried . 
facebook , because homework is boring . 
i hope this week will be a good one i need it . 
50+ straight days left of school 
its sunday ( technicaly ) 
You just go ahead and laugh because one day you'll be in your house feeling all safe then you'll look over and I'll be there doin ' stuff . -dib , invader zim 
soy < PROPFEMALE > muy cansado . 
imm magic 
chocolate pastel 
found a free strea < PROPFEMALE > g of interview with the vampire but its makine me wait 54 < PROPFEMALE > s because i just watched 74 < PROPFEMALE > of the movie . 
Reach out and touch faith . Your own personal Jesus , someone to hear you prayers , someone who's there . Your own personal Jesus , someone to hear your prayers , someone who cares . When all alone , flesh and bone by the telephone , pick up the reciver , I'll make you a beliver , you know I'm a forgiver . 
did you know these things are real ? The comitee for imediate nuclear war , and the order of manly men . Realy ? 
never ever take someone esles magizine into the bathroom . 
Take these broken wings and learn to fly again . because people will try to kill two of you with one rock . 
your like a bottle of big big pills , your the one that i should never take but i can't sleep until i devor you . and i'll love you if you let me . 
hate is a stong word but love is even stronger . 
it is always darkest before < PROPFEMALE > . 
freakin summer school 
Everyone has a path , it's up to you to find it , it's up to love to light it . 
mistakes are mistakes , stupidity is the refusal to see them . 
fact of life #500 : Dio is obsessed with rainbows . 
Who would like to donate a set of guitar strings to the help me get strings < PROPFEMALE > ? 
its creepy all my friends just logged on ! 
Aparently my first name means - from Denmark . I've never even been to Denmark 
< PROPFEMALE > tired . I'm watching my brother play borderlands because we dont have another controller . General Knoxx , its so funny when he talks about his comanding officer . 
H.P. Lovecraft was messsed up in the head . You just can't write stuff like that without being a little crazy . 
my life kinda sucks right now . 
My mind works in patterns . 
What if life were like a video game ? 
new phone well newish 
homework time 
Good day but gym tired me out . I'm all sore . 
soylent green is people ! 
i feel sick 
I hope today will be a good day . 
Finally feeling better , I just needed to relax . 
I <3 fall . I <3 <3 halloween ! 
I wait for halloween like little kids wait for chirstmas . 
Video juegos ! 
Chipotlaway ! 
I don't want to take the psat tomarrow . 
pep rallies are boring 
giant breakfast borrito and a big mug of < PROPMALE > gray and video games . 
It's 3 o'clock 
wensday's my birthday 
my phone is broken :( 
worst weekend ever 
stressful life 
I'm reading Carmilla by J . LeFanu 
twisted transistor-korn 
