\You know you're a moonie when you miss the ball drop on New Year because you're praying . \"" 

Gulf Shores ! Miami ! Atlanta ! Gulf Shores these next two weeks ! 
Mobile ! see you in the morning :D 
leaving for Miami on Thursday ! :DDDDD 
Leaving for Miami today ! woot need to start packing .. and sleep .. 
so a 14 hour bus rides turns into 21 .. freaking ridiculous . but i'm in Miami now :D 
Going home today ! finally . btw , the Atlanta workshop was siiiiick . sorry , it totally schooled Miami . 
should have been home a little more this summer (?) going to Mobile next week O.o 
hmmm .. what do you think of guys that takes pictures of sleeping girls ? 
zomg zomg zomg .. at school :) 
i guess i like this place a little better than i did before .. classes tomorrow =/ 
ahh .. i missed my first two classes today :( math = fail 
i didn't realize how much i missed Angels and Airwaves until today . 
Maybe I'll watch the sunrise while not doing homework >.> 
ahhhhh , screw French 
holy hell , some security gaurd was watching me change . wtf , 
ahhhh , only had two classes today . totally great :) 
when is the first EHS home game ? it's against < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > right ? 
I want a different roomie =/ 
EHS vs . < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > tonight ! I'll be breathing the fresh air of Enterprise in a few hours :) 
compsci ! yayayayay ! .. sike 
foreign language is the reason people go emo . 
You have Western Thought hw ? Too bad . I finished . muahahaha , but tell me the answer to #10 :) 
weekeneds at ASMS are so boring 
even with 8 hours of sleep , i'm still exhausted D: 
volleyball game tomorrow at 4:30 ! ASMS vs . Lefore 
ASMS loses , yet again 
screw asms internet >:/ 
falskjdfiwoerfnmdkdopwkfkfnueWTFFF 
today was probably the crappiest day i've had in a while . buttttt volleyball game tomorrow at 4:30 . ASMS vs . B.C. Rain . be there , or be square . 
hahaha we won a volleyball game . oh snapp ! 
I saw you and my heart stopped ; I couldn't breathe . The world slows down and everything fades away but you . What should I do ? 
extreme fatigue is a symptom of ..? 
it's funny how ASMS students that are out for break are going to other schools >.> 
dude , do we have study hours tomorrow ? 
I spent my childhood lookin at the stage Waiting for the day it would be me and I could say “Slow down ” That’s my philosophy 
i love how every other school is on fall break , but not ASMS . but atleast i only have two classes today :) 
i feel kinda sick for tomorrow .. 
gaaaaaah , i'm so upset with French >:O 
i kind of miss being home .. like a lot 
so i'm thinking screw winter formal and just not go . 
break break break ! 
so i'm wondering .. if you get through the whole box of cards in Taboo in one night , does that mean you have no life ? 
I have a feeling I'm going to be celebrating the New Year alone or asleep .. yay 
do you want to write my term paper ? i'm feeling kind of sick .. 
i'm really bad at keeping up with the date . my milk expired three days ago and my term paper is due in a week and a half . 
No phone .. I feel like I'm in the Stone Age 
getting out of school early in Mobile because of SNOW .. for some reason i don't find this plausible . is there supposed to be snow in Enterprise ? 
stupid trojans .. stupid ACT scores .. 
good night . 
i love soccer . i'm so happy i found you :) 
things that have gone missing in the past two weeks : black heels , trig/precal book , soccer ball , and my ring .. i think someone's out to get me . 
awesome .. my cleats break at practice the day before a game . i love my luck ? 
woo ! ASMS ! .. psyke 
it takes all of two days at ASMS to knock that Spring Break feeling out of you . hw = emo kids 
today i learned that Hawaii's state fish is Humuhumukununukuapua'a .. did you kno that ? 
so many stupid spliters in my stupid feet make stupid walking stupid hurt .. stupid . 
I thought the water turning off mid-shower was more of a trend for the boys dorm ; i guess the girls dorm likes to follow 
is anyone else's AIM not working ? 
AIM WORKS . 
Is anyone going to the Mayday Parade concert ? 
i realize now that i'm not meant to do back hand springs .. thank you < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > . 
i have the most retarded tan lines .. 
i'm no longer looking forward to go home .. there's a totally different life inside the gates of ASMS ; going back homes means going back to everything else you wanted to forget existed . 
summer days are here . 
if anyone in Enterprise plays ultimate go to the YMCA . we're starting at 2 . 
Dear Facebook Wall , \ 
I am soon to set off on the first leg of my journey . I am afraid but also a little bit excited . My heart is pounding , and I pray that I don't have to sit next to too many ceepers . \ 
Yours Truly , 
I have just completed the first leg of my journey . It was rather uneventful other than the girl with fake eyelashes that fell asleep on my shoulder . In a few short hours I will be departing on day 2 of this trip . The excitement is gone , but I pray for minimal farts in an enclosed space . \ 
We drove 6 hours today , completing the second leg of our journey . Tomorrow in the am's we will embark on the third and final part of our journey . The excitement is back , and I am looking forward to reaching our final destination . I pray for a safe drive , great pictures , and finding something in this experience . \ 
if i missed every single game of the world cup thus far and lack a tv with channels , where can i watch the games ? 
zomg , there are people on Ft . Huachuca . i saw them for the first time ! they were old and holding hands . atleast i know i'm not all alone in the desert . 
i am delighted that i still find joy in eating a PB&J sammich despite the countless < PROPFIRST > of PB&Js eaten in place of meals in the ASMS caf . 
oops .. no game today . it's 7 am for no reason :( 
my starnage sleeping habits have landed me in a strange home in a strange city all alone .. 
The ultimate sign of being comfortable at someone else's house is when you are able to poo there without feeling self-conscience . 
i hate eBay .. 
it's dinner time in an American household .. all the forks are dirty . the whities go to the dishwasher , pull out forks , and wash them in the sink . the asian goes to an obscure drawer and opens it . hidden there are many chopsticks . * graps chopsticks , eats dinner with out doing dishes * 
Windows 7 here i come .. i think 
Good evening .. I just woke up . Is this sad ? 
staying up all night to watch the Spain vs . Netherlands game . 0-0 , 30 minutes added . 20 minutes into the added time . i fall asleep -_- 
I think today has been a good day : I found out < PROPFIRST > Lomax is coming back to ASMS , and tomorrow Young-Kook is coming home ! :) 
Young-Kook comes home today . Young-Kook comes home today . Young-Kook comes home today . :))) 
Finally going home today 
Finally home . It's like summer is just now starting , but it's ending in less than a week D: 
Is anyone feeling ultimate frisbee tomorrow ? 
Feeling homesick for Enterprise .. 
Physics homework .. screw you ( forgive my fowl language ) 
GEEK FEST . GEEK FEST . GEEK FEST . was . awesome . 
my mom is so cute . she just spent 45 minutes explaining to me how to roll sushi and make sushi rice :) .. it's so complex 
home bound in approximately 16 hours . 
I'M HOME . thank god . 
I can't feel my face . And I think I'm drooling everywhere . 
i miss you . 
i think Ramayee Nadarajan gave me a black eye O.o 
Thank you Heavenly Parent . 
Starting in about 2.5 seconds I'm going to study for Physics , DiffCal , and finish this Minorities paper . pinky promise . 
i have 10 hours to write an entire short story . it's basically 50% of my grade .. and advice ? 
How the heck do I study when all I want to do is dance ? 
Am I a good person ? 
My life is a soap opera .. 
learning to drive stick is so nerve racking .. 
Dad : < PROPFEMALE>'s coming tonight , right ? \ 
Me : Yeah .. (?) \ 
Dad : Ohh , I'll keep the blinds open tonight to see him . \ 
Me : ( what the .. are you forreal ? ) 
The Tourist kind of sucks , but i got to see < PROPFEMALE > Howa tonight and she was as cute as ever ! 
Let's have some fun ; this beat is sick . 
Pay it Forward 2011 : I promise to send something handmade to the first 5 people who leave a comment . They must in turn post this and send something they made to the first 5 people who comment on their status . The rules are that it must be handmade by you and it must be sent to your 5 people sometime in 2011 . 
