haven't had a night like that in years !! whoa ! I need to get out more . :) happy 2010 everyone ! 

is helping < PROPFIRST > move today ! 
can make it through another 2 days ..... i think . 
just found out i'm being transferred to Riverside Elementary ! go bears . 
busch gardens was lovely . i'm tired now though 
now has something to do this summer ... about 608 pages of it .... :) hooray for vampires and werewolves . 
is grateful for sunshine and quiet 
in yard sale hell .... today and tomorrow 
has a midterm in 3 hours 
is going to see < PROPMALE > potter tonight 
gets to < PROPFEMALE > out with her awesome bf tonight @ kid rock and skynyrd , you should go too :) 
thinks my husband needs to get a job already !!! lay-off shmay-off ... someone put him to work please , and save my summer sanity . 
cannot sleeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeppppppppp ...... 
is thinking about being productive today .... but thinking can be so tiring .... 
loves Yorktown beach and < PROPFEMALE > !! two of my favorite things :) 
just made a bomb ass meal for some special peeps :) 
is getting attacked by the hunger beast !! aggghhhh ! 
will rock my final tonight ! :) 
is celebrating my awesomeness ... haha cheers to me !! :) 
might have to have a throw-down with my academic advisor .... i ate my wheaties just in case ;) 
is making chocolate chip cookies and waiting for date night with the hub . 
just got my geek on . Jupiter is beautiful tonight and oh so bright :) 
I conquered all 5 < PROPMALE > of the Noland Trail today ... or rather , it conquered me . I'm headin to bed .... 
SRA training all day at Gildersleeve ... ugh , school is about to start ..... 
is sooooooooooo thankful my hub got a job !!!!!!!! quaker steak and lube tonight to celebrate ;) 
Date night with the hub ! Pancakes and Bacon : check . < PROPFEMALE > night : check . Ghosthunters season premiere : in 15 minutes :) <3 
just ordered some pizza and salad :) mmm mmm good ! 
just mowed the back yard and came to the conclusion that it's too frickin hot outside !! :( blahhhh 
just made my first banana pudding ! 
I <3 thunderstorms ! ... but my beagle is terrified !!! 
my life = cheesy soap opera .... 
is on a boat ! :-D 
' s husband started work today !!! 
is trying to decide on a Halloween costume already ( i like to plan ahead ) .... and it's between < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > or Lady Gaga .... what do you think ? 
is gonna enjoy my last day of freedom !!! work starts back up tomorrow ... :( 
shopping was terrific today ! just what I needed before school/work starts back up ! :) awesome shoes , awesome shirts .... and a bath tub mat for my joker dog ( so he won't fall ) <3 
is finally going to bed .... Goodbye sleeping in , it's been real fun ! ... Hello waking up at the ass-crack of < PROPFEMALE > , I hate your guts ! 
i love it when cornhole , bowling , and horseshoes are considered \team building exercises\ " at work .... :) too bad everyday won't be as fun " 
loved her cultural experience tonight in richmond .... :) scary , but good times ! 
the hot tub is a callin ' 
@ Hines MS for training all day .... 
is home relaxing after a strenuous day of prof . development .... blahhhhhhh 
hates waking up early more and more every day . 
is self-medicating with some pinot and cake .... a lovely combination . 
Hello weekend !!!!!! :) 
SOOOOO stoked about my 3rd graders < PROPFIRST > scores !!! :) They made my weekend ! <3 
just slept for 13 hours . And it was AWESOME !!! 
just had the best first day of school ever ! I think it's going to be a great year ! :) 
is grillin ' out ! 
is Chicago-bound this weekend !! :) T.G.I.F. 
is leavin on a jet plane tomorrow ! :) be back on Monday . 
LOVED Chicago and had an awesome birthday weekend !!! 
just got in from fishing on the < PROPFIRST > , now we're about to grill up our catch . 
ugh .... is it seriously Monday again ? 
has a horrible sore throat .... but hey , atleast it's Friday ! :) 9 more hours ' til i can relax . 
so much to do , so little time ... 
and the beat goes on .... 
is back online !!!!! woohoo 
just spot-seeded my lawn .... it's lookin good !! :) 
let the cleaning begin !!! 
hooray for a spotlessly clean house !!! every single room is done ! 
is soooo excited for my costume ! Can't wait for fabric shopping with < PROPFIRST > on Tuesday !!! 
fabric shopping ... then toy story 1&2 in 3D ?!?! hmmm 
picture day today at work ( always fun times .... ) and then my midterm . Thursday sucks . 
is about to rock a midterm ... then hopefully catching up on some ghosthunters and SLEEP , which I so desparately need . 
is gearing up for the next 7 days of quarterly testing ..... ugh ... put me out of my misery . 
Getting ready for the Halloween fiesta at my place tonight !! :) I <3 Halloween !!!!! 
has lots to do today . 
must laugh at life's occassional ridiculousness . 
is hoping for a 2-hour delay tomorrow .... :-D 
Newport News Public Schools will happily delay for FOG . But apparently torrential downpours , flooding , and wind combined isn't dangerous enough ...... hooray 
doesn't have to work today !!! I hope everyone continues to stay safe :) Happy Friday 
just had the weirdest and most amazing night ... gotta love spontaneous glam and limo rides 
loves the sunshine !! :) 
wants to go back to sleeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeppp . 
loves a freshly mowed lawn ! I just wish there was more daylight in the evenings to enjoy it . 
' s husband got great news ! :) Worrying can subside now . 
ughhhhh .... work is getting in the way of my rock fishing . Saw an oyster toad for the first time last night and it was pretty much disgusting . 
eye doctor , then new < PROPFEMALE > ! can't wait 
is determined to survive her last day of teaching before break ! I can't wait to sleep in tomorrow !!!! 
wrote a paper , got my hair did , ate left-overs ... my day is pretty much complete :) 
hanging out with the hub ! :) <3 
just made some awesome snickerdoodles ! 
working on paper #2 and enjoying my last day of vacation 
just decorated the front yard for Christmas ! Can't believe it's just around the corner ... 
papers , doc appt , then class tonight .... 
is enjoying football 
can't it go ahead a be Saturday already ?? 
just took my final ( got an A ) , and wrote and submitted a paper ( on which I'll get an A ) . I would like to thank the makers of <3 Mountain Dew Amp <3 for making it all possible . :) 
... just keep swimming ... 2.5 teaching days left , then I can enjoy my much needed break . 
R.I.P. < PROPFEMALE > Murphy ... may you \roll with your homies\ " in heaven . :( " 
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOHOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO ! no work until the 4th !!!!!!!!!!! 
up at the ass crack of < PROPFEMALE > getting insulation blown into my attic for christmas 
just made a strawberry cake and is about to watch the cowboys whoop the ' skins . 
is in love with my new camera and my hubby who bought it for me !! 
I <3 Ulta !! 
is it seriously almost 2010 ?? holy crap 
ughhhhhhh back to work ..... :( 
is excited that I'll be done with this whole Master's thing in Summer ' 11 ! I can't wait !! 
leopard ... grrrr ;^) 
my ' Boys are gonna whoop up on some eagles tonight ! :) 
preppin for ladies night at < PROPFEMALE>'s! :) 
busy week ! class starts tomorrow ! :( 
is off to MCV with the hub . 
T.G.I.F. !! can't wait to sleep innnnnnnnnnnn :) 
Not looking forward to the 2 weeks of testing that await my return to work tomorrow ..... 
parents just left , taking boost to the vet , then hopefully coming back home and doing absolutely NOTHING . 
Holy crap ! It's Friday again already ! Me Likey . :) 
who knew sledding could be so dangerous ! :) my knees look like I've been in a kick boxing competition with a Little Person . 
I <3 no work AND no school tomorrow !! 
is NOT WORKING ! :) but I am going to Norfolk later on with the hub . 
No school for NNPS = no work for me :) 
has a 8:30 am date with my husband at < PROPFIRST > Imaculate .... then back to bed . :) 
that bastard saw his shadow . 6 more weeks of winter . :( 
No work , Day 3 ! Making these days up is going to be a bitch ! 
2 hour delay tomorrow ! :) Waking up at 6 : ! 5 am would have been a shock to my system anyways 
Heading out to watch some polar plunge antics . Staying in VA beach tonight . 
OMG - polar plunge was crazy !!! but so fun ! time to sleep it off 
just got back from a benefit breakfast for < PROPMALE > and is so appreciative of people's generosity ! :) <3 
Nothing says < PROPFIRST>'s Day quite like a doughnut . :) nom nom nom 
just did my taxes and I'm very proud to say I'm getting money back ! Thank goodness !! :) 
ughhhh , work's almost over ... then it's class time ' til 7 . Mondays are SO LONG .... 
TGIF !! Can I get an Amen ?! 
mmm Micky D's :) 
finished washing the vehicles , planted tulips ( hoping they still come up ) , baked a cake , and printed pictures to replace some old ones in my house . I guess the weather got me motivated . I can't wait for Spring ... <3 
ugh ... class is killin me . 
getting a much-needed haircut ! 
Ugh , faculty meeting and < PROPFIRST > testing tomorrow !!!! Cross your fingers for my 5th graders :) 
is cooler than a polar bear's toenails . Be Jealous . 
1/2 day of work today ! Thank God ! 
another day , another dollar . 
just finished rearranging the computer room and setting up our new desk ! ugh , I'm so tired !! 
jury duty sucks !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
thinks it's hilarious ( and sad ) that it takes 3 days for 2 teams of lawyers to pick 9 people out of a group of 32 to be jurors . Seriously ? 3 days ? 
Hello , Spring Break ! :) 
working on a project for my class that's due tonight ..... during my Spring Break ..... :( ugh , I'm thrilled . 
got home from work so I could work some more . ughhhhh , 46 more days and counting ..... 
nothing like good music to put your mind at ease ........... 
softball practice was fantabulous today .... gettin ' pumped for the game tomorrow :) 
has a beautiful battle wound from softball .... but it rocks ! :) 
pizza's on the way ! nom nom :) 
goin to Target to pick up pics and frames for Mother's Day . 
14 days < PROPFIRST > testing starts tomorrow !! aggggghhhhhhhhhh . For now , I'm eating ice cream and strawberries , and watching Zombieland with the hub . 
\Can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars ? I could really use a wish right now . \ " ~ B.o.B. " 
chillin with my <3 hubby <3 :) 
Cleaning like a mad woman :) 
Writing a paper , then off to class ........ OMG shoot me . 
10 more days !!!!!!!!!!!! I can almost taste the freedom of an unencumbered summer B-) 
Spooky Wednesdays are my favorite !! ;) 
Trying to get from eggshell to off-white today without burning 
going to Buckroe to whoop some people in bocce ball :) 
blahhhhhhhhhh . I'm sick :( and my throat feels like someone was using a sander on it . boo 
It's official !! After 4 straight weeks of < PROPFIRST > testing these kiddos .... I am done for the year !!! 
Can't wait for Funny Bone in VA Beach tomorrow night ! :) 
funny bone was awesome !! < PROPMALE > byrne and < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > = freakin hilarious 
Just 3 more days of children ... summer's so close ! :) 
at the pet store and lunch with the hub <3 
Going out to Smithfield equipped with a fresh pecan pie ! 
class tonight . 
just went looking for my dog for like 40 minutes , only to come home and find him on the porch ! so glad he's back though !! :) <3 
going to a BBQ and oyster roast in Yorktown :) yum ! 
Just cleaned and rearranged the bedroom and love it ! :) 
giggity giggity 
it's just me , the sun , and a bottle of panama < PROPFIRST > ! 
just saw a snake in my garden !! just a little guy though .... maybe 2ft long 
the wait is over ! I just got my < PROPFIRST > scores in , and almost all of my kiddos did quite well :) 
waiting for anxiously for tosh . 0 :) 
just got a new bikini for this weekend ! totally stoked ! now what to do with these 2 mutts ? 
Beautimous outside !! B-) 
Duck Duck , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , banana fana fo .... :) Preppin to go to Duck ! 
off and away ! be back sunday !! :) 
got a midterm tonight ! :( so i'm studying .... 
done studying ! now ... should I watch They Live with the pups , or < PROPFEMALE > out in the 100 degree temps .... hmmm , I think it's time to kick and chew bubblegum ... and I'm all out of bubblegum :) 
GOOOAAAALLLLLLL ! 
making and canning salsa ! mmm mmm good :) 
I'm like a steppin ' razor\ 
Don't you watch my size\ 
I'm dangerous , so dangerous . 
time to get crunk 
Predators was decent . I give it a B . 
getting lunch somewhere , then forcing myself to read this stupid article for class . 
writing a paper . it's a short one though !! 
So , I have officially done nothing today . Woke up at 12 pm , took a nap at 3 , woke up at 4:30 .... now , I'm just waiting for B to get home . <3 me some summer . 
making meatloaf ! :) 
running out to Hampton with my dad 
va beach awaits my return , and it shudders . 
wasting time like it's my job . 
reuniting the band tonight @ < PROPFIRST>'s! Eccentric Dog Party is gettin ' gansta . 
this weather is relentless . :( 
time to un-f myself and redo this frickin project .......... ugh . why can't ODU just give me this Master's already ?? 
i guess since it's 12:30 i'll go ahead and get out of bed . 
Just ate the most bomb-diggity chicken pot pie of my life ! 
$ it's pay day $ :) 
Holy crap , it's August already ?!!! 
saw the neighbor's tree split in half while making dinner ! awesome !! 
new clothes make me smile !!! :) 
laundry and studying for my final tonight ... 
of to smitty to make signs for the tree farm . 
<3 homemade biscuits and butter ... mmmmmmmmm 
just went to work for a little bit , and I'm completely excited for this coming school year !! 
getting my house straight and packing for TUBING this weekend !!! 
I love receiving mysterious donations in the mail !!! so blessed and lucky on this friday the 13th !!!!! bout to head out to Scottsville for an awesome weekend ! 
back in the 757 ! 
off to smitty . 
and just like that , my summer has ended . Goodbye dear friend . 
has survived my first unofficial day back to work . 
can't wait for night time ! turning off all the lights and watchin The Crazies tonight ! :) yay ! 
holy mother !!!!!! >:-\\ 
sooo ... yesterday I was told that I no longer have a classroom to teach my 19 ( special ) children in ... today has GOT to be better . hi ho , it's off to work I go . 
commanded and conquered ! :) 
baking carrot cupcakes for my mom's birthday , then heading out to Smithfield . 
in class until I've decided I've had enough and come home . 
Kudos to < PROPFIRST > Hawking for stating the obvious . 
I love sleeping-in during rain showers ! 
sippin Soco and lime and countin down for the Cowboys/Redskins game !!! :) 
had the most amazing dream !!! just me , the < PROPFEMALE > clear ocean , a kinda creepy puffer fish , and a hot underwater camera !! 
Just got home and read all my bday comments !! Thank you guys so much , you all made my day !! :) 
class ' til 2:15 , then either tutoring , or going to smithfield .... i dunno , it's all up in the air . 
Just kicked some old-school mathematic's ass ! PEMDAS and FOIL ain't got nothin on me . \ 
\ 
God , it feels good to be a gangsta . 
another day in paradise , coming up ! :) 
Finally ! A Cowboy win .... 3rd time's a charm . 
mmmmmmmmmmm .... Chik-fil-a ! 
home for the day ! Gonna make this the best \sick day\ " ever ! :) " 
Let my 31 days of Halloween begin ! :) yay ! 
getting my mid-term on 
I like it on the subwoofer . 
another day , another gray hair ..... these kids are nuts ! 
\throw dirt on me ... i'll grow a wildflower\ " ~ Lil weezy " 
Put on a happy face ! DO IT . DO IT NOW . \ 
:) 
no rock fishing for me .... project for class :( boooooo 
it's going to be another glorious day in munchkin country ! 
class and project all day .... :( \just keep swimming \"" 
back to the grind .... quarterlies , IEPs , mtgs , and more ... 
class , maybe a presentation , then home around 2:30 . 
done for the day ... maybe until June 16th .... who knows 
meatballs and fooooootballlllllll . :) 
Go Cowboys ! < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > drank his red bull last week fo sho . 
just met with my ODU advisor and found out that I will be graduating with my Master's in AUGUST !!! woohooo !!!! it's almost over !! :) 
I'll be doing the \It's the last day of work ' til Monday\ " dance all day today !! " 
I'm on vacation ! Happy Thanksgiving everyone !! :) 
Change your Facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood , and invite your friends to do the same . Until Monday next week ( Dec . 6th ) , we hope to see less human faces on Facebook , but an invasion of childhood memories . This is for awareness of Violence against Children . 
gettin ' my learn on . 
playing RB3 ' til plaza time . 
I love getting about 3/4 of the way through with my online final , and the power goes out ! Now I have to RESTART it from the very beginning ! :( 
Holiday party for work , then back to RB3 ;) 
lasagna and garlic bread time ! :) mmm 
8 more days til Winter Break .... fa < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > la la . 
about to start my last final of the semester ... :) 
I love that school is cancelled and it hasn't even snowed yet !!! :) Snow Day tomorrow !!!!!!!!!! <3 
Another day at home ! FABULOUS !! <3 
taking my last final , round 2 . hopefully better luck on this one . 
kinda sad that I really do have to go to work tomorrow . just 2.5 more days though !! 
Celebrating Christmas tonight with my side of the family . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas < PROPFEMALE > ! 
had a dream that we are going to get anywhere from 2-11\ !! Time to get the sled from Smithfield :) " 
A very < PROPFEMALE > un-birthday to you . 
got a 10am date with the dentist . 
totally excited for tonight's festivities !! May 2011 bring everyone more happiness , love , and success ! <3 
got football and a new book ( on Zombies !! ) to keep me entertained ... perfect Sunday minus my cold 
busy , busy week ahead ... :( 
Goodbye cavity ... Hello partial paralysis of the right side of my face ! 
... and my second-to-last semester begins . 
3 . Day . Weekend . :-D Oh Joy ! 
off to Williamsburg for a bridal shower 
off to smitty for a little bit , then dinner and a movie with the hub . <3 
is so done rearranging my 15 ' x 15 ' classroom .... this is about the 15th time this year already and I'm sure it won't be the last . 
<3 italian lemon creme cake 
Just about done making the yard look beautiful ! <3 me some yardwork !! 
kinda hoping for a tornado .... just sayin .... 
I got to wake up to an exploded water heater !! hooray ! at least it's in the garage and not in the house ... 
My 5th graders are taking the Writing SOLs tomorrow and Thursday !!! I'm hoping for greatness ! :) 
Oh midterm ! How I loathe thee . 
just got an A- on my midterm ... I'll take it ! :) yay 
Feels a naptime coming on 
It is Friday !! Thank you sweet baby Jesus . 
almost spring break ..... 
Wondering why I am just NOW coming to the realization that I have 5 papers ( short ones , thank God ) due by April 5th ??? booo .... :( 
waking up 32 minutes late is not the best way to start your day off ... ugh ( solo tres mas dias ... ) 
<3 SPRING BREAK starts is T-minus 8 hours !!!!!!! double woot . :) 
Typing my l i f e a w a y ..... 
