is so excited for this year !! 

is ready for a new year !!!! 
gangstas nerds dance party WHAAAATTT ?? 
1 left 
chillin like a villain 
is glad that semester is over ! 
SNOW !!!! 
cobrastyle !!! 
its where I keep all of my things ; I get a lot of compliments on this . Plus its not a man purse , its called a satchel . Indiana Jones wears one . 
is back to the springs !! 
enjoy the little things 
i am a mountain . i am a tall tree . oh i am a swift wind sweeping the country . oh i am a river , down in the valley oh I am a vision and i can see cleary 
back from 15 < PROPMALE > . ready for a nap ... 
went to sams club and got some free samples haha 
loves long naps ! 
just got home from class ... and he got out early 
books came , direct from < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > ! 
is going to get a hampster ?? oh craigslist ... 
imma go hard ! 
Stop changing facebook !!! lol 
round twoo ?? 
aww man haha what a night 
just burned his thumb cooking bacon . owwww ... was it worth it ? too close to call right now the bacon was delicious 
almost lost < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > !! Glad you're alright little < PROPMALE > , scared me for a sec 
let it snow 
yeah < PROPFEMALE > !! 6-0 after ten minutes 
just ked and enjoyed some fresh baked chocolate chip cookies 
just baked and enjoyed some fresh chocolate chip cookies 
USA !!!!!!!!!!!! 
show me how to live !! 
mustache march .. here I come haha 
has been thinking about somethings in his life and how they need to change before its too late 
knows he has to study but it so nice outside !! 
loved cruising around today with the windows down and the sunroof OPEN !!! 
70 to snowing , I love you colorado ! 
is about to go hot tubbin outside !!! 
realized how much he misses playing soccer tonight !! 
it is DUMPING snow outside !! I am glad i made it back to the springs before it started !!! 
off to class ... 
We are always running for the thrill of it , thrill of it Always pushing up the hill searching for the thrill of it On and on and on we are calling out and out again Never looking down , I'm just in awe of what's in front of me 
ahhh its so nice when class gets cancelled ... 
so bad and so good at the same time 
why do i procrastinate < PROPFEMALE > much ? haha 
good day of softball to round out the week 
oh what a couple hours in the library can do to you ... anyone want to play frisbee later ?? 
RAIN ! 
just wants to sip on hot cocoa and watch movies all afternoon ! anyone want to join me ?? 
csu tomorrow !! 
is going to the park :) 
had a good day at the track .. feels good to be back 
Team < PROPMALE > finished second in the ultimate tournament tonight , losing 6-7 in overtime , good job guys it was a lot of fun ! 
so my first day of summer started out with snow ?? haha ok 
oh what a night 
ugh what a day ! 
anyone else doing the bolder boulder ? 
loves commercials on late night tv , how else would he know about the iRenew Bracelet and Barkoff ! 
boulder tomorrow !! 
yeah celtics way to represent 
loves lazy days 
nice run through sand creek today , now for catering tomorrow morning 
hey girl you know you drive me crazy , one look puts the rhythm in my hand 
hates when every day becomes repetitive . Anyone wants to do something spontaneous ?? 
Pike Peak Hill Climb tomorrow ! 
had a great weekend 
listening to the amazing sound of a thunderstorm !! 
today is a great day !!!!! 
all moved into the new place ! 
so much rain 
if you dont know where you're from then you don't know where you're goin 
brought < PROPMALE > back from the mid west !!! 
so much to do , so little time ! 
had a great hill workout this morning , came home to find some big deer grazing in my backyard , and now I am getting paid to check facebook and getting ready for the school year to start ! 
what a great day ! 
would like to congratulate the winners of last nights intermural floor hockey championships , back to back champs , and shout out to his xc teammates for a solid workout this morning . keep up the good work guys ! 
oh man ... what a night 
dirty girls like dirty beats 
the 2010 cross country season is officially under way 
im talkin my thoughts , might make it look easy but it aint no walk in the park . i got everybody looking and everybody watching , wanting me to fail but failure's not an option . 
just fixed pizza in his oven !! it only took 7 weeks ... 
tests out of the way , nothing left to focus on except for the shootout . 
say it , if its worth saving me 
from sunrise to sunset 
is not sure what to think about the clouds and snow on pikes peak 
washing park . tomorrow . 
had a very productive day . watched shutter and ate cheap chipotle burritos with the roommates :) 
t-minus 66 minutes and it begins ! 
what a great day 
throw up ya peace sign , index down 
... 
nothing like a twelve hour bus ride to norfolk nebraska ! 
frustrated and disappointed 
and the rapids are officially the best colorado sports team ... who woulda thunk it ? 
our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate ; our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure . It is our light , not our darkness , that most frightens us . 
with the end of the month come and gone I would like to post this in memory of a solid four weeks of growth . http://www.biggerbetterbeards.org/ 
remembering the fallen heroes from 69 years ago today 
is lovin this weather 
back in the 303 
passed his fluids lab with a 90.01 !! thats an A- hahah 
disappointed with the amount of snow in colorado springs 
The Germans were not pleased ... 
obama can't gymkhana 
liked the weather yesterday until it got cold today 
bouldaa 
such a nice day outside ... and i'm stuck at work 
don't tell me the sky is the limit when there are footprints on the < PROPFEMALE > 
groundhog day ! haha 
forgot how awesome line rider is ! oh procrastinating at work ... 
its starting to feel like winter 
shoes , shorts , inside-out t-shirt and 15 < PROPMALE > of trail . Its a good day . 
Man cannot discover new oceans unless he has the courage to lose sight of the shore 
kearney nebraska !! woo hoo 
ugh ... 
i try to say goodbye and i choke .. i try to walk away and i stumble 
runnin o ' the green tomorra . needin some luck of the < PROPFEMALE > aye 
mustache march !! 
To understand the heart and mind of a person look not at what he has already achieved , but what he aspires to be 
oh gold camp , we meet again . Too bad I brought backup in the form of $4 Dennys all you can eat pancake breakfast 
pretty lights 
To dream is to live life’s full potential . In life , I think our aspirations should guide us\ 
Even if there’s thing we could never provide or be beside 
headed to la early tomorrow and then to a new 5k pr on friday 
loved the cali weather but is glad to be back in the clean colorado air ! 
NUGGETS ! 
gets off work at noon then goes straight to the next job today and then another job tomorrow 
< PROPFEMALE > light runs are amazing 
16:06 converted 5k at conference today ... its a good start but there is still some hard work that needs to be done 
summer begins with snow ! Sounds like this year will be full of surprises ! 
making money , selling textbooks , packaged in milk boxes .. I think yes 
alone at work .. someone come talk to me . Ill even park your car for you ! 
nothin like 80 minutes as the sun goes down 
watching 24hrs of nuburgring and getting paid .. score 
Destruction leads to a very rough road , but it also breeds creation 
just did a hill workout in the rain .. awesome ! 
Thanks for the birthday wishes everyone !! 
The only way of finding the limits of the possible is to go beyond them .. into the impossible . 
USA !! 
man havent ever seen it rain this hard in springs before .. starting to think valet wasnt such a good job choice 
he's going for speed 
driving porsches , eating ice cream , reading magazines , while getting paid .. man this is the life 
epic workout in the rain 
make your own luck 
and it all begins tomorrow 
im gettin paperrr 
heartbeat running off to the races , trying to stay calm but im running out of < PROPFEMALE > , cause im on my way . see i already crossed that line , i feel my expression go blank . now i cant feel my face cause im going going gone 
had a great weekend eating smores , playing < PROPFEMALE > pong and having quality some team bonding in the mountains ! 
come to the nerd side , we have pi 
on this day in 2009 I had a sick diving catch playing ultimate ! Thank you facebook 
Well I feel this is the time to rise , to show the world what Ive got inside 
another one in the books , good workout today guys . The road to spokane starts in 4 days ... 
looked through my pictures today , man what a crazy 3 years it has been ... and ive got another year to go , i can't wait ! shout out to my friends who were there , you know who you were ! 
has been putting in hard work since Nov . 21 , 2010 .. tomorrow will prove that 
over a minute knocked off of my time ... Another solid day down , 56 to go 
such a nice day outside today !! 
National talk like a pirate day matey ! You can too , for ye loot .. ARR !! \ 
\ 
1 . Go to Account Settings\ 
2 . Click \edit\ " on \ " Language\ " \ 
peacing out to spokane in the morning for the first 8k of the season , SO PUMPED !! 
back from spokane , what a trip ! 
To understand the heart and mind of a person look not at what he has already achieved , but what he aspires to be . 
wow leaving home at 6:45 am , running 8 < PROPMALE > , working 9 hours , and not getting home til almost 12 hours later is exhausting ... but can't beat free chipotle and getting paid on your lunch break ! 
have a lab report i need to do and somehow i end up on facebook ... what the heck ? 
what do you get when you cross a big grass park with a forecast for wind and rain ? cross country season ! The worse the conditions ... the better , bring it on colorado ! 
almost got trampled by a deer in my backyard on my way back from class .. wheres a shotgun when you need one ?? 
another great workout this morning , and its such a nice day out ! 
Life is simple when you run . Nothing matters . It’s your time to clear your head . \ 
Think of absolutely nothing . Nothing matters but you . The constant beat of your feet \ 
hitting the pavement keeps you focused on nothing . The nothing that I love to escape \ 
to after a long day . Life is suffocating ... I run to breathe 
Conference in less than 24 hours ! watch for the the yellow and black ! 
regionals baby ! 
is flying out to spokane in two weeks for the National Championships !?!? Am i dreaming ?? 
Leaves for Spokane in the morning , ready to do work with some of the best teammates I could ever ask for !! < PROPFIRST > English < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Weaver < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Feldotto 
