I'll be fiddling with Hibernia Station from 3-4 pm on Saturday at Paddy Malone's . Drop by and see us play ! 

Loved playing for Around the World in 80 Days . Wish I could've had a little more time to prepare , but it worked out well . And I'm glad I had a small part in such a great production . 
Life : a continuous and increasingly difficult struggle against the instinct of self-destruction . 
I wrote three-fourths of a long poem on Good Friday . . . was too busy on Saturday to finish it . . . now it's the Easter season and I'm in a totally different mood - blast ! I probably won't be able to get the thing done till next Triduum , unless I decide to enter a monastary do something similarly life changing . 
Conversation with a sibling who shall go unnamed : q . ' How do you manage to remain so generally affable ? ' a . ' By carefully cultivating a sincere dislike of absolutely everybody I know . ' 
Snobbery is the forgetfulness of ones ' own dignity in the contemplation of someone ( or something ) elses ' . It is one of the most harmless of vices , and therefore one of the most ridiculous . 
The sky is a well of forgetfulness , 
idleness is the most indispensible of vices . 
Like any Act of God , the human race is an event of incredible power , beauty , and destructive potential . 
just read ' The Seven who were Hanged ' ( < PROPFIRST > Andreyev ) . 
Nothing annoys me more than religious people who use their beliefs as a kind of safeguard for avoiding the hard questions of life . 
Does anybody know where I can get a recording of < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE>'s \At the Last Day\ " ? ( the contemporary a capella choral motet ) . I just heard it and was totally blown away !! It was like an encounter with the divine Feminine ... " 
Thanks to all who helped make last night's contra dance a blast to play at ! Especially our faithful organizers , the wonderful Halls , and < PROPFEMALE > Edwards who treated us all with her considerable fiddling prowess ! 
Just finished < PROPMALE > Marner and the Lifted Veil . My opinion of < PROPFIRST > Eliot has been augmented considerably . 
Keep Hibernia Station in your thoughts : WE ARE RECORDING A CD TOMORROW ! I am so Officially Pumped ! 
Travelled to Nashville reading wodehouse aloud , 
Been reading through the journals I've kept on and off over the past 4 years . Can't help thinking : \Were my highschool years really SO EXCRUCIATINGLY BORING ?? \ " Sad truth : the only thing these 300+ closely typed pages has taught me is that my life is much duller than I think it is ... \ 
Just received a refreshing , encouraging , and entertaining letter . As my friend does not have facebook , I may say publicly without fear of offending her humility : < PROPFEMALE > VOISSEM YOU ARE AWESOME ! I'm sure all my mutual friends will agree ! ! ! 
Haven't had time to update recently , but for all those who are worried , I'm doing great . UD is awesome ( now that school's actually begun ) . My professors mostly seem likable , and some of my classmates seem extremely intelligent and engaged in the search for truth . 
Come tonight to the piano room in < PROPFEMALE > dorm for a LIVE READING of book 3 of the Iliad , accompanied by dramatic original piano music ! Begins at 8:30 . 
Last nights ' Iliad reading was a great success ! All who wish to continue with an epic recitation of books 5 and possibly 6 ( with live music ) ought to meet at the same place and time tonight ! 
Hey I've finally got a Phone ! Which is nice or something I guess ??? 573 418 9027 . Will all my beautiful friends call me and tell me you love me ? Or just PM me your < PROPFIRST > , if you'd rather . If you don't , I'll cry . 
Woohoo ! < PROPFIRST > Cardinal Newman officially BEATIFIED ! ( none too soon ! ) 
Good to have another late-night classical music marathon ... past few months I've been on an increasingly unsteady musical diet of alt rock and metal in a subconcious attempt to increase my coolness level ( who exactly am I trying to fool with this ? ) . 
My proposed compromise theory , Seven-Day Evolutionism ( the hypothesis that all life on this planet evolved to its present state in a Darwinian process spanning seven twenty-four hour periods ) was received badly by both the scientific community and my creationist friends . 
I really need to stop forgetting to eat dinner . . . the dizzy , ravenous hunger that occurs when I wake up and realize brunch doesn't start till 11 was rad at first , but it gets old fast . 
New composer I've found : < PROPFIRST > Finzi . An English pastoralist quite a bit like Vaughan < PROPMALE > but somewhat more nostolgic and reserved . His Romance for String Orchestra is highly reccommended . 
Repression occurs when I conciously repress the command of an impulse that , rises from the shadow-self to the ego . When I feel the urge to steal Mr. Galbraith's shirt , because it's a nice shirt , I repress this primal urge either from motives of conscience - I know that stealing is wrong - or from motives of fear - I know that Mr. Galbraith will beat me to a pulp if I try to steal his shirt . 
Without education we are in a horrible and deadly danger of taking educated people seriously . -GKC 
Just woke up from a dream about dream interpretation . Clever one , subconcious . 
I love getting on facebook and seeing everybody going nuts about BannerWeb ... is that sadistic ? 
My challenge : somehow to provide a pithy , pleasant , and unique response to each of the birthday wishes about to flood my wall . Can I do it ? 
Why have I not realized before that an elevator is the best place to play the piano ? \ 
\ 
On a related note , why is none of my finals studying done ? :/ 
Anyone flying out next thursday ? I need a ride to the airport . If you are someone who can drop me off there , or you know someone who can drop me off there , let me know asap . 
OK , I've been complimented several times this semester on the fact that I am perfectly normal , despite my homeschooled background . I am unsure whether or not to be happy about this . It shows I'm evidently not creeping people out ( a good thing ) , but have I perhaps lost something in the process ? What do my home educated friends think ? Do you ever get ' oh god , your so NORMAL!' comments , and how do you react ? 
is home and thanks the gods for his membership in a family of exceptional intelligence and almost effortless amiability . \ 
Also , congrats to < PROPFIRST > Galbraith for receiving this a.m. from the University of Missouri his degree , magna cum laude , in Classics and Philosophy ! 
My Christmas holiday : snow , cold in the head , hot tea , pine needles , mornings in bed , Tristram Shandy , music composition , calculus , slippers , steaming baths , raucous siblings , family drama , sleep , cookie-stealing , real food , sarcasm , sleeplessness , meditation , actually watching entire movies in one sitting , Latin puns , logic ( and lack thereof ) , eggnog , Christmas < PROPFIRST > , superciliousness , slow days , < PROPFEMALE > bare forests . 
If anyone was wondering what to get me for Christmas ... a purple paisley bathrobe would make me eternally grateful . 
Playing devil's advocate in family discussions of controversial issues can lead to . . . awkward situations . 
Do any Collegium folks want midi recordings of any of their parts for the new music , to help learn ? Let me know and I can provide . I have Christus Factus Est , Tristis Est Anima Mea , and O Sacred Head . I can probably work up anything else if necessary . 
There will be contra dancing in < PROPMALE > City at Sellinger Center THIS SUNDAY at 2 pm . Come to dance and hear Hibernia Station play some great tunes ! 
Congrats to all my UD friends who made the < PROPFIRST>'s list ! I'd like to tag you all here but I can't because WAY TOO MANY OF MY FRIENDS ARE SO FRICKIN ' SMART ! 
Would anyone be able to pick me up from the DFW airport on Sunday evening ? I arrive around 3:30 or so . Help would be much appreciated . 
Our Library has a terrible lack of comfy chairs in secluded places . Those severe desks are inappropriate for anything but serious study , and who could expect me to study seriously with forests of lovely books just a few steps away from my greedy fingers ? 
Epic < PROPMALE > Reading Tonight in < PROPFEMALE > ! 8:30 : be there ! Original Piano Improv ! 
My phone has gone missing ( temporarily , I hope ) , so if you need to talk to me do it in person if you can . Otherwise email or fb me and I'll get back to you ! 
Hey collegium folks - I'll be practicing collegium music with all those willing , today AND tomorrow . Probably around 7:30 or anytime after . If you want , give me a call and let me know the best time for you . We'll probably be focusing on the quartet Music . 
Can I beg or bribe anyone to get me to DFW airport this Thursday ? I need to be there by 11 , but I'd be happy to go earlier if that fits someones ' schedule . 
If anyone wants to practice collegium this afternoon , a group of us will be meeting in Haggar at 5 . < PROPFEMALE > Ziolkowski < PROPFEMALE > LaFond < PROPMALE > Webster Caeli < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Seitz < PROPFEMALE > Spearman Spread the word ! 
So I forgot to turn off the heat last night when I went to bed ... as a consequence , I woke up two hours later with a raging fever and spent two hours hallucinating that I was being mortally pursued by a malevolent , gangster-run hip-hop record label ... 
I thought of writing a nasty , passive-aggressive post about how sick and lonely I feel , but then I decided to spare all of my friends ' feelings , SO I DIDN'T . 
To all in < PROPMALE > and Eth with Prof Mirus : I'm trying to put together a study session for the midterm at 7 pm tuesday . Tentatively , I'm planning to meet in < PROPFEMALE > basement . Let me know if you're interested . 
Paradise Lost makes more sense when you realize that < PROPMALE > wasn't in any real sense a Christian at all . 
Is there anyone in the < PROPFIRST > area able to pick me up from DFW and offer me a place to sleep Saturday night ? 
A tyrant must put on the appearance of uncommon devotion to religion . 
From what I heard tonight at Collegium rehearsal , I think we could all use some extra practice . I'm available Tuesday evening , Wednesday after 10 , and Thursday after 8:30 if anyone feels like a small-group practice < PROPFIRST > Seitz < PROPFIRST > Bellet < PROPFEMALE > LaFond Caeli < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > Spearman < PROPMALE > Webster . 
wants to write a musical . 
Anyone interested in going to see < PROPMALE > Godunov ( Mussorgsky opera ) this weekend or sometime next week ? 
