is leaving for < PROPMALE > in the morning ! yay =D 

hanging out at the hotel . just bought my fridge ! also , i got my parking permit and books today already . anyone else that is in < PROPMALE > already should go ahead and get those things today too ! no lines at all . 
got to see pratt and < PROPFIRST > ! 
is moved in to her dorm !! 
is getting ready to go to opening knight ! 
soooooo hungry >=[ 
is in pensacolaaaa 
laa tee daaa 
perpetual hunger ... 
really . really . wishes she had taco < PROPFEMALE > ! 
wishes it would get cold here =/ 
isnt it weird that a derivative of a function is just the limit of the difference quotient of the function ? why don't they just say that in the first place . why do people make things so complicated .... 
got a good grade on the chemistry test . woot woot ! 
and ' ksssssssssssss ' goes my skin .... thankyou < PROPMALE > sun -_- 
today has been excrutiatingly productive 
is so colllldddd !!! burrrrrrr . i look like a hoodlem with my hood always up , haha ;D 
reading and taking notes on pages 123-232 from my american history book tonight ? oh yes . i am determined to catch up on this stupid reading ... 
seriously ? 40 minutes to try to park ? and with groceries no less . i dont know how many people i gave the bird to today . people here are just assholes when it comes to driving . i end up parking halfway across campus having to tote GROCERIES back to my dorm . 3 trips ? oh yes . hot and muggy ? you bet . sunburn ? yes , but that doesn't surprise me at all . 
fried plaintains ? YUM ! i think i will learn how to cook these so called tostones ... 
not a good day 
eurg , wishes she could go back to sleep . but theres too much work to be done =/ 
boys >=[ 
gotta write my essayyyy 
has had her ' ah ha!' moment of the day . thankyou rudimentary algebra skills =3 
brrrrrr its cold ! 
comon my peoples ! we're calculus students now . ammirite ? yes or no ? YES OR NO ? 
my eyes are getting worse . i need new glasses =/ 
study groups are awesome =) 
eurgh . i need to finish this paper ..... and i need to get new glasses . seeing things all fuzzy is no fun at all >=[ 
i have discovered that the arcade fire is my friend when i have to write essays . 
submitted her essay with 10 minutes to spare . whew ! 
could really go for some sour gummy worms right about now 
eurghhhh . woke up at 5:11 pm today . yup . 
why in the WORLD could i not remember was frickin sine squared x was ? that little detail right there probably just cost me my grade on the test . 
studying chemmmmm 
wishes that october would feel like october here =/ 
is excited !!! 
wishes the coin machine would work so i could do my laundry !!! 
needs a rest before studying chem ! 
is studying her butt off for chem ! ._. 
yay for the weekend ! 
yay ! i finished all that i needed to for the weekend =3 life is good again ! 
got a 98 on her american history exam WOOT ! success ! 
was finally satisfied by the portions the serving lady gave her at the dining all today . FINALLY someone realizes i dont eat like bird ... 
now to study calculus . woo ! 
nap ! 
lovesssss the calculus cd that came with her book . why havent i looked at this before ?? 
is glad < PROPFIRST > Cline finally got a facebook ! =) 
feels proficient , for once . 
is soooo happy that tomorrow is friday ! finally ! 
its about to stormmmm ! 
oh snap ! 
finally has albums up ! 
infected cartilage is not fun =/ 
misses getting ready for highschool homecoming dances =/ you guys have fun ! you'll miss it when its gone 
wishes she had something fun to do tonight =/ 
its calculus time , my peoples ! 
just watched a segment on swine flu . it can spread from person to person as far as 10 feet away . im not going to class ever again . even if it IS only as bad as a normal flu , its still going through hell and back as far as im concerned . 0_0 
i actually woke up before my alarm today . 0_o weird . 
you were right , < PROPMALE > . 4 hour naps really do suck , haha 
wishes she had texting =/ or atleast that she could SEE when people try to text her . i dunno HOW many times ive missed out on something just cause someone texted me about it instead of calling me . >=[ 
has an extremely ambitious spider making its home across her front door . 
longs for her daily nap . =( oh how will i get through chemistry today ? 
must not .... NAP ! hehe 
my foot is bruised , scraped up , swollen . ow =( i definitley think my chair won this round . 
ho hummmm 
mehh =/ 
4 days ! zsetjnersynlsiuhy YES ! 
has the best group for the engineering competition ever =D 
going to the library for some srs study time 
only one more day !!!! ahh ! 
has rock yo hips stuck in her head . wishes she had bass . 
passing out in 3 ... 2 ... 1 ... 
10 more hours till he gets here !!! asdighdlihnxys 
best weekend ever =DD 
the anxiety-butterflies are quickly returning ... 
doesnt feel well =( 
feels aweful =/ 
essay time ! 
finished my essay . finally . SLEEEEEP 
my mom wanted to know what my room number was so she could send me a letter >-> this makes no sense at all . 
clinic time =/ 
i realize ive been sick for a long time without noticing it . now that im getting better i realize how sick i actually was ! 
is going to < PROPFIRST > tosh live =D 
is enjoying her day off =) 
had a gooooood weekend =) 
needs some coffee cause shes gotta pull an all nighter ! 
Has been asked to join the National Aerospace Engineering Honor Society ! Sigma Gamma Tau , woop woop ! 
thinks she aced the calc exam , bombed the chemistry exam . oh well . calc is more important anyways ;D 
had a good sleep =) now for essay time ! 
>=[[[[ 
>=[ x's a billion 
induction ceremony today =O 
i am now officially a member of the ucf chapter of sigma gamma tau , the national aerospace engineering honor society ! 
only 1 and a 1/2 days until i get to see mah family !! 
west palm beach tomorrow ! =D 
ugh ! calc study time . againnnn 
is experiencing hyperness but has nothing to do ! 
FRICTION . while most basic physics courses will neglect this force , its advisable to remember it actually exists in real life situations . like in pulleys . and axles . and ESPECIALLY when wood is involved . 
so theres a resident hawk that i always see perched ontop of our dorms . hes a REALLY big hawk , but he's hard to spot because he blends in . i dont know what to name him yet . 
now for finals study time ! WOO 
sooo much mathhhhhh 
just bought 3 quarts of icecream ? yup . its officially exam crunch time . 
thrashin frashin breakdancer !! 
is taking her american history final ! 
never has to take another history class in her life ! 
chemistry tiem 
is feeling good about her chemistry exam thats coming up =3 
the notebook always brings the tears . why oh why did i have to flip to the oxygen channel ? 
i know its only two more days , but i miss < PROPFIRST > =( 
after a brutal and terrorizing chemistry exam , i get to go home tomorrow ! yay ! and i dont have to make the trip home alone ; thankyou < PROPMALE > twins ! =D 
its late , and i have much to do , but i must sleep atleast SOME ! goodnight , i wake up in 4 hours . 
chemistry exam . in 30 minutes . im flipping outtttt AUGHGHGHGH 
is glad to be home ! and glad she passed her chemistry exam too ! 
what a day , indeed . 
is having a fun break =3 
has had a fun time doing absolutley nothing productive for the past week and a half 
is so sick =( aching all overrrrrrrr 
is finally starting to feel somewhat normal again woohoo ! oh wait . nevermind . 
just got a new phone ! that has texting ! send me yo number in a facebook message ; i lost all my old < PROPFIRST > . 
is back in < PROPMALE > 
is ready for school tomorrow ! All classes are in the math and physics building this semester except for the general engineering classes . Yay for not having to walk across campus every hour ! 
has been to almost all her classes , and is happy to find some familiar faces ! 
after class tomorrow morning im not leaving my bed for three days >=( 
all math and science classes = no life 
FINALLY !!! a new pair of glasses !! ahhhhhh ! 
homework timeee 
ugh . my brain is exhausted . 
woke up 14 minutes before class is supposed to begin . and got there right as the lecture started . skills ? i think yes . 
i had a dream last night that i made an airplane out of my purple stapler . and i could actually ride it 0_o 
is getting nervous about the housing issue for next year ! On campus housing options are getting rediculous and decisions must be made by next friday ! 
time to start job hunting =/ 
what is with all these airplane dreams ? 
meh =/ 
woahhhh what is up with that weird picture ? if it says i tagged you in it or something , i didnt . ive been tagged in it too by random friends . 
just applied for a ucf affiliated apartment . for 485$ a month >_< 
tuesdays and thursdays : action packed with mathematical riddles and rock identification . 
i didnt use my car enough so it died -_- 
Yay for not feeling guilty for getting food to-go anymore ! The Marketplace has begun giving out reusable to-go boxes so we dont make so much trash . But then , there's the aweful dilemma of either making more trash or using up more fresh water just to clean the to-go boxes . Which is less destructive ? 
had a good weekend with < PROPFIRST > =) 
is finally going grocery shopping for the first time since the beginning of the semester . 
signs her lease for pegasus pointe this wednesday ! =O 
I'm getting unreasonably hungry at all hours of the day again . Hereeeee comes another growth spurt ! ( I thought I was done with these ? ) 
online physics homework will be the death of me -_- 
is SO glad today is over ! 
finally signed her lease for next fall ! =O 
is studying her butt off for her first math test tomorrow ! 
im baman ! im piderman ! i come over da house ... we're best friends ! 
dreamt last night that she was back at the good ole baskin robbins again ! 
Of course there would be a snow day in Pensacola when I'm not there =/ 
I guess its finally physics time -_- 
misses momma =( 
Is going to see a presentation made by Mr. < PROPFIRST > Cabana , four-time shuttle astronaut and current Director of Kennedy Space Center on Friday ! Who wants to come with me ? Its a society event but we're allowed to bring guests ! 
Just met the mother of all integration problems . And she was not very nice at all . 
found out that Spongebob is actually supposed to be set just one mile off the coast of Pensacola Beach ! Did anyone else know this ?? 
Yep . Tonight will be an all-nighter . 
Is SOOO glad today is over . This week has been living hell . All I have now is one easyyy class tomorrow morning and its the weekend ! 
The Against Me ! show was awesome ! I was within 3 feet of < PROPMALE > Gabel the entire time ! I only survived the pit thanks to < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > who did their best to make sure I didn't get squashed . Thanks you guys ! 
Blegh . Physics midterm Tuesday . 
Today will be the first day I miss a class all semester . =/ And it just HAS to be the day I have math and geology . 
will tough it out and go to geology , because in that class , perfect attendance is rewarded with a half letter grade added to your final grade . 
is finally recovering =D A flu that causes asthma attacks is no good . 
Antibiotic shots must be the most painful shots in existance . 
went to the gym this morning for the first time in FOREVER ! =) Yay for not being sick ! 
is officially an officer of the UCF chapter of the Aerospace Engineering Honor Society . Omgggggg . 
People who cheat on curved tests piss me off . In fact , people who cheat in general piss me off , especially when they're the kids sitting in class playing games on their laptops instead of actually listening like a normal person . Laziness . Pure laziness and deceitfulness and I can't stand it . 
Is finally going home tomorrow ! Yay ! 
Of course our teacher would assign homework for over the break -_- Not just one homework assignmnet , but two . Not how I planned on spending my break . 
is getting a pedicure with her momma in a few hours ! 
has finally had a productive homework day 
is back in < PROPMALE > with a massive tummy ache . 
You guys . There are only 7 weeks left until finals . This is crazy . 
Busy , busy day ahead . 
So , I could very well not pass my calc 2 class . And it won't be because I'm not smart or that I didn't try , it will be because my teacher is such a hardass . I'm not kidding . 
Got her job back at the Baskin Robbins for over the summer wooo ! 
watching hoarders makes me re-think my huge yarn/sewing materials collection D= 
is taking care of business . 
is on a roll today ! must .... finish .... all work ..... by tomorrow night ! 
Today I went to the Teaching Academy building to find a new place to study . Walking onto another planet couldnt have been as weird to me . I think the fact that it was made up of mostly girls instead of mostly boys could have had something to do with it . 
So I totally killed my math , geology and physics quiz today . What a great way to end the week ! 
< PROPFIRST>'s almost here ! YAYYY ! 
had a great weekend with < PROPFIRST > Cline =) 
It's decided . I'm minoring in International Engineering and going to Germany to study abroad at the Technische Universität Ilmenau the year after next . Hello Siemens ! Hello Airbus ! I will be seeing you very soon . 
What a beautiful day outside ! 
got a sunburn working on her engineering project . Thanks Florida ! 
Okay , now its just plain hot outside . 
had a great time with my cousins down in Jupiter ! I learned how to play horeshoes , but I got terribly , terribly burnt . 
Its serious study time this week . If I can get A's on both my calc and physics tests next week ( and on my final ) , I will get an A in the class , regardless of what I got previously . 
Woop woop ! Last two math quizzes have been great ! I can totally get a good grade in this class . 
So , I accidentally took two 24 hour allergy relief pills instead of one like I am perscribed . Ohhhh , today is not going to be fun . * falls asleep * 
Its finally the end of the week . omgggg 
is starting the day off with a java monster -_- 
This day is devoted to southpark and calculus . 
A momma moth tried laying her eggs in my cucumber seedlings ' pot . Not on my watch ! I'm not going to wake up one day and see my plants all eaten up by moth catepillars . 
You know that math test on Tuesday ? Yeah , its going down . Its gonna get creamed . 
I love truetv . 
Just one more quiz till the weekend . i can make it !!! This week has just been terrible . 
Just when I think one headache is over with another one steps in and kicks my ass . 
just realized her calc 3 class this summer is starting on her birthday . LAME ! 
I had forgotten how much I loved < PROPFEMALE > snaps 
There were policemen at the end of every hallway in the math and physics building today 0_o 
Our boat for the engineering competition is simply made of awesome . 
Just finished her last lecture for the semester ! 
Just got a 97.5 on my geology final ! What a great way to end the day . 
The engineering competition is finally done ! It was fun ; just as it was meant to be . 
Just got back from the last SGT meeting of the semester . I have never been so glad to have joined a society as I am now . 
Caffiene will be my best friend for the next 36 hours . 
Its the home stretch ! One more day till everything is overrrr 
Its finally over ! Im going to sleep non-stop for the next two days until my family gets here and we all go to Sea World ! Woohoo ! 
Wow , I have completed 60 credit hours that go towards my degree . I'm technically a < PROPMALE > ! Too bad I still have 67 credits to go =/ 
Packing in the most space saving way possible is like a complicated version of tetris . 
Is at a resort with her family on International Drive ! Who needs theme parks ? We could just stay here at the hotel the whole time and still have a blast ! 
Ahhhhh , it feels good to be home . Started working again today , have about 4 projects to do on the side , gonna go on a date with < PROPFIRST > tonight . Can't get any better than this . 
So , there are two types of customers I get . The first kind is the smiley bunch , who are overly enthusiastic and praise me for my ' good job ' . The second kind is the controlling , overbearing people who think I'm too stupid to remember anything they say . Either way , they still think I'm a retarded highschool student when in reality I've probably gotten further in school than they ever have . 
is cutting squares and triangles out of her size twin xl sheets . 
So the doctor says I need 3000 IU of vitamin D a day , and that I need to be in direct sunlight for atleast 20 minutes a day without sunscreen now . I didn't know I was THAT pastey ! 
I played tennis today for the first time in forever ! It was such a perfect day for it too . 
Happy Mother's Day ! 
Thanks everyone for the birthday wishes ! =) 
Got to work with < PROPFEMALE > McQuigg today ! =D 
So I watched The Thing last night with a fun group of people , and realized I was the only one there WITHOUT a septum peircing . 
is tired =/ 
has a fever =/ 
First test on Wednesday and I'm not stressed out about it at all . So weird ! 
ehhhh 
First calc 3 test today ! Wish me luck ! 
Test is done , playing tennis with an awesome group of people later , and no school or work tomorrow . Woohoo ! 
wants to go camping . badly =( 
is going to get a big fat paycheck tomorrow ... that is going straight into savings . As will all paychecks this summer . 
Plain yogurt is the most disgusting stuff ever . I thought maybe I could tough it out , but half way through the bowl I had to add peaches to it so I wouldnt gag . 
Sleeping in my house with no air conditioning was practically impossible . I should have just slept outside . 
Falling Waters with < PROPFIRST > Cline was fun =) 
Got a new purse today . Feels strange . 
uggggg . math test in a few days but id really rather be doing other things besides studying on my summer ' break . ' 
So , we just got some guys to come out to clean our air ducts ( which hasnt happened in ATLEAST 17 years ) and they informed us we had a huge mold problem and that they needed to fumigate . No wonder my family has had such horrible health problems . 
So , its a really bad idea to stand in kitchen sinks . 
Just ordered books for the fall . $544.35 . It would have been over $950 if I got them used from the bookstore . Thanks Amazon ! 
Had fun camping ! Sweated buckets but its all good . 
Do do do doot doo do do dooot ! 
So today while I was working , customers kept telling me there was a man in the parking lot that wanted me to come out to his car . Not just one customer , but several . Didn't recognize the car , couldn't see the person in it , but apparently it was an older man . Finally an old man with a navy seals hat on was like , 
In the next few days I'll be finished with calc 3 ! Only 2 more pure mathematics classes and I'll get to move on to more interesting things . 
< PROPFIRST > and I got awesome tips tonight ! Maybe we should work together more often . 
had such a great day . ate breakfast with my parents ; fixed a guitar that would have otherwise been thrown away using just a dremel tool and some new tuners and strings ; got an archery set ; went to a show with < PROPFIRST > where i ran into my brother , and afterwards we all went to mcguires and had some tasty burgers . 
No work or school for the next two weeks ! 
4 days left in pensacola =( 
is < PROPMALE > bound . 
Moving into my new apartment in 30 minutes ! woo ! 
parents just left , now i gotta get my apartment in order ! 
I love these mid-afternoon < PROPFEMALE > storms . I'm sure I won't once I have to walk through them to get to class ... 
bitter carrots are disappointing . 
is exhausted . 
I have a feeling I'll really enjoy my physics lab this year . You're going to let me build circuits ?? With your equipment ? Heck yes !! 
1 week down , 15 more to go ! 
has tooooo much homework already . 
100 on my first differential equations quiz ! woo ! now if i can only keep that up ... 
just made a pretty awesome strawberry muffin-cake thing ! Delicious . 
Had fun in Jupiter ! Gotta go back to school tomorrow though =( 
Momma sent me a care-package ! Thank you momma ! 
Its always such a good feeling when you think you cant do something but find out you can . like finishing a whole assignment of statics homework in just 4 hours with a 90% just an hour before its due . 
Andddddd .......... back to reality . 
saw a grasshopper on a window in the engineering building . In one fell swoop a finch kidnapped it ... but left its legs . 
Has a migraine . Haven't had one in 6 years . wtf . 
Gets to see < PROPFIRST > Cline and < PROPFEMALE > McQuigg today !! 
has nooooo idea how she's still awake and functioning . 
has lotssssss of studying to do today 
lovessss how her math teacher says cosecant . Most people would pronounce it CO -- see-cant , but like a true southerner he pronounces it co-SEE-cant . 
woke up to < PROPMALE > O'halloran and thunder softly rumbling . Ahhh today will be a good day . Physics midterm , DO YOUR WORST ! 
Just realized I have an unapproved model scientific calculator and I have to find a different one by 4:30 tonight . I've had the SAME MODEL calculator for 6 years and have never once been told I couldn't use it . You are weirddddd , statics teacher . Very weird . 
With how often I actually eat ( or crave ) meat I might as well be a vegetarian . 
It feels so nice out I think I want to buy some patio furniture . 
Ugh , I have strep throat . BUT I've got dayquil and nyquil , antibiotics , popsicles , soup and the whole weekend to recover . Thank goodness for the weekend ! 
All I needed was 2 full days of nothing but sleeping and occasionally eating I'm good as new ! Thank you antibiotics and the weekend . 
is sad she's going to miss the Greek Festival ! =( 
has an awesome family and awesome friends ! =) 
For once Im actually using the hints in the mastering engineering homework . Ugh ! 
DE test , then the weekend . adslgjfkadfngkhtai . 
Had so much fun at Disney ! 
Had fun at Halloween Horror Nights . Oh , what a weekend ! 
Bleghhhh statistics test tomorrow D= 
is going home tomorrow =) 
Gotta pick up my DE test from Dr. Karr ( coolest professor ever btw ) , then I'm PENSACOLA BOUND ! zsltrkgnivkjrg 
* sigh * back in < PROPMALE > 
And so the school anxiety sets in . 
So I brought my flute back from Pensacola . FINALLY ! I've been itching to play it for a month ! 
Thank you physics test for ruining my Halloween weekend =( 
GO GO GADGET BEAST-MODE 
Woahh its going to get into the 40's this weekend in < PROPMALE > ! 
Ahh , just finished a very clean job of hemming some jeans and it has now inspired me to fix other articles of clothing that have been in various disrepair . I do like being able to sew ! 
Statics test Wednesday ! At least we're finally in structural analysis . You know , the stuff that actually matters . 
Bleghhhhhh procrastinationnnnn 
Dear professor : Belittling , insulting and treating your students like nuisances when they come to see you during designated office hours is neither encouraging nor helpful . 
I swear , it's like every time I have a test coming up , my bedroom just explodes . Random debris everywhere . Which is a problem because I can't study in a dirty room . * sigh * 
Man ... I just slept 12 hours . And could have easily slept more ! 
So , I just enrolled in classes for next semester . I'm taking solid mechanics , dynamics , thermodynamics , and principles of electrical engineering . Eurghhh . Atleast I'll have Fridays off . 
So , I went for a drive this morning to explore my surroundings ( because really , I should know this city better by now but I don't ) , and when I got to downtown Oviedo , I saw CHICKENS , yes , CHICKENS crossing the road . Just meandering by like my few thousand pound car was nothing . Now THIS is my type of county . 
Re-dye my old pair of jeans ? Hmmmm ... Never tried that before but dye is 1.34 $ a packet and its not like I have anything to lose if it doesn't work . I think I'll give it a whirl ! 
* Sigh * Another busy week ahead . 
Worst week ever >=[ 
Wooo just found out convolutions won't be on this diffy eq test ! Finally a silver lining ! 
Partial fractions are disgusting . Especially when there are 6+ coefficients to be determined . 
Hard work always pays off in the end =) 
Ahhhhhhh finally went to the gym ! Wish I had started sooner . 
blegh . 
is back in orlandoo 
Woop woop ! Finished chapter 35 physics homework in under an hour and a half . Thanks Klemm for the easy assignment ! 
Got an email from the math department letting me know I'm only 2 classes away from getting a math minor . Oh geeeeeez . 
anddddddddd ... time for finals studying ! 
Tomorrow is the last official day of the fall semester before finals ! Woo ! 
brain aches . 
zomg , home in 2 days ! 
Ahhhh , back home =) 
Had alot of fun during < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ' s surprise visit ! 
Back in < PROPMALE > . Ugh , I forgot that I left my room in such a mess ! 
After finally exhausting every item left over from last semester in my pantry and freezer , I think its finally time to go grocery shopping . 
Loved seeing Keegan Felder , < PROPFEMALE > Felder , and < PROPFEMALE > Helmick Felder this morning ! I loved that I was able to tell my good friends what I wish people had told ME when I had started college . I hope it will help you in your decisions ! 
So far principles of EE doesn't seem too bad . SO FAR . Just watch , next week everything is going to turn into gibberish and I won't understand anything anymore . Usually how things go . 
PEANUT BUTTER BALLS ! 
Get here already , financial aid ! =/ 
Seems like I'm getting the same bug everyone else is . Bleghhh . 
Woah ! They're closing the school in a few hours because apparently there's a bad storm coming in . Sweet ! 
Finally well enough to go back to school =) I hate missing class but I get better faster and DONT END UP SPREADING THE BUG TO MY CLASSMATES . 
First workout since I've been sick and my lungs feel like they're on fire ! 
I have mastered the < PROPMALE > of couponing . Saving 10-15$ on average each grocery shopping trip ? Heck yes . Paying only 30 cents for a loaf of sandwich bread ? Heck . Yes . 
Today solid mechanics started sounding like gibberish . Doesn't really help that the teacher has a horrible accent AND stutters AND has wobbly handwriting . Time to start reading the book =/ 
Today's gonna be a good day ! 
Best workout in weeks ^-^ 
Eurgh . 2 tests this week D= 
Dr. Pepper and chips and salsa ! Mmmmm . Now I can happily sit and study . 
Eurghhhhhh tomorrow wont be fun 
Well that was the test from hell . 
Lazy lazy day . 
The ' Monsters Inside Me ' show on TLC has made me even more paranoid about my food D= 
Why can't Pegasus Pointe have wireless so I can sit out on the porch and do my online homework ?? My ethernet cord is just a few feet shy of making it out there >=[ 
I wish I wasn't so hungry all the time !! I can never eat enough >=[ 
I got sunburned walking to class today D= 
And now , the application process for summer internships officially begins . 
The smoke from the wildfire finally reached UCF today =/ 
Pensacola tomorrow =DDD 
A week is definitely not enough time =( 
Just found out I have at least a B average in every one of my classes so far ! This is awesome ! 
3 tests next week ; 2 of them on Monday . Challenge accepted . 
Don't forget to see the super < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow right after < PROPFEMALE > or dusk ! The < PROPFEMALE > will be at its perigee AND will be full ; an occurrence that hasn't happened in 18 years ! 
Guess who just made delicious applesauce ! This little lady did ! 
Finally found my old girl scout leader's number ! She just happens to be a well known architect who just happens to pals with several well known engineers in the Pensacola area who just happen to need a few extra hands for the summer . Yay for connections ! 
ANOTHER school < PROPMALE > ? UCF , you are awesome . Its amazing how just an extra grand can turn your financial situation around . 
