FUCKING MURDERED that set 

Don't stop until it sounds expensive . :p 
tiight , we've got some snow flakes coming down 
OH !! JUST GOT A FACEBOOK !! 
I HAVE NO IDEA HOW THIS SITE WORKS !! 
COME SEE ME PLAY AT < PROPFEMALE > THIS SUNDAY 
Come see my band and I play at < PROPFEMALE > this sunday . 
Any of you girls want to do some modeling for my band ? 
does any1 play Forza 3 on xbox 360 ? 
what to do today 
my car has been totalled . 
Working at the used car tent sale at the mall , come say hi . 
can anybody take my dog before i take her to the animal shelter ?? 
Concrt tomorrow at \the Seen\ " in hesparia . Come out and watch me play !! " 
i fucking miss her =( . i cant talk to her , but i know she'll read this . no comments plz . 
:\\ 
getting my 64 inch tv tomorrow =) 
im selling my 03 honda xr 100 . asking $700 
erg 
These days become years watching time disappear 
Fuck it all . 
I know there's more than this , and I know there's more than you . 
I can't stop to breathe until the walls are coming down . 
Did you know that dinosaurs aren't extinct ?? Because birds are dinosaurs , and they're everywhere . 
bored as fuck . got nothing to do . 
fuck . bored . 
raining and its still 102 degrees outside 
fuck the dmv 
I've got 2 shows coming up . Saturday and next Friday . 
bored as fuck .... i think im going to make some chili dogs . 
Concert tomorrow at The Sseen in Hesparia . Show starts at 6 
Show cancelled =( 
HOUSE SHOW TONIGHT !! come see me play 
pwsnt.com is shit . put me on your site and make me famous . is there a site called bpwsct.com? or bpwsht.com? i dont see white ppl getting offended 
Concert at VVEC sept 29 
late trip to wal-mart 
i want to be on people who said nigger today.com =) 
got a fatass paycheck today , and i already have to fuckin spend it on shit that i shouldnt have to pay for >:o 
anybody want to go swimming ? 
We don't need the key , we'll break in . 
CONCERT TOMORROW AT VVEC ON 7TH STREET . MY BANDS PLAYING AT 530 
just finished the concert a little bit ago , IT WAS GREAT !!! 
gonna go eat me an ostrich burger , and an ostrich egg 
on my way to a destruction derby 
LA Count fair VIP cost = $0 
Hit up that my bands < PROPFEMALE > , Ruins of Time , and press that like button !! 
turning 21 in 26 days 
i need another room mate , any1 interested ? 
i cannnot fucking believe my sisters bullshit right now >=O 
ever have one of those days when you really dont feel like doing shit ? 
ive got a lovely bunch of coconuts 
4 days ago it was still in the 80s at this time , now its in the low 50s ... i dont like the cold ... 
My bands needs ppl to be in our music video , hit me up if youre interested 
And we've got a show on the 30 that we will be filming some of the video at , plus its FREE !!!! 
nobody is awake at 7 a.m. 
tattoo tomorrow possibly 
operation speaker install complete 
When you lie like the devil himself , no angel's gonna hear your cry for help . 
myspace is like the carosel mall .... not a whole lot going on there anymore 
gonna go make some overtime . yay . 
thats my band that i just posted . hit that like button !! 
ahh guys i need you to like the band not the link 
haha . i lol at old ppl who say \warsh\ " instead of \ " wash\ " haha " 
Greiner is just a series of bad choices . 
i got my grama a cell phone =) SHE'S MOBILE !!! lol 
Who's up for a chat ? Join me @ http://tinychat.com/flacaabby - 2 others are already here 
Tinychat time ! Click the link to come me - http://tinychat.com/flacaabby 
MOOFASA !! 
You can't see what i see . 
haha i like how this morning lizz was all \chivalry is dead\ " then i said \ " yea and women killed it\ " and lizz said \ " no we didnt ! \ " then vasnessa said \ " yea but guys like that get boring\ " so i said \ " my point exactly\ " then lizz was all \".....' laughs ' shut up john ! \ " haha " 
i missed house .... i though it came on at 9 =/ 
Like this status and I'll post something on your wall with ' Truth Is .. ' 
i need new music 
parked in my spot , watching the lightning 
i'll be 21 in 10 days 
sweet , theres going to be an american version of top gear . hopefully its as good as the original 
god damn . i love how ppl at the store will unload their shopping carts , and then instead of puttibg them where they belong , they just get left out in the open until they inevitably hit somebodys car ..... i hope that these ppl get their cars hit by a shopping cart , and then drop dead 
Bitches these days . 
MY BAND NEEDS PPL TO BE IN OUR MUSIC VIDEO !! HIT ME UP IF YOURE INTERESTED 
i want to see paranormal activity tonight , anybody else want to go ? 
Nov . 21 = 1st episode of American Top Gear 
finially got internet at home again 
There will always be ghosts in the machine . 
At home\ 
15206 Mother Lode Dr\ 
Victorville , CA 92394 USA 
98% root beer with 2% orange soda is amazing 
fat bitches are like mopeds 
oh sheit .... i need to do laundry .... 
My band still needs people to be in our music video , if you want to be in it hit me up and ill give you the info 
still got another hour and a half to go , but i want to go home now !! 
I'm not missing House tonight . 
its days like today that make me want to take an ax to this piece if shit bentley we've got sitting in the shop 
day started off fuckin great , then turned into shit real quick . 
i want to go see paranormal 2 tonight , i need some1 to go with 
fuck this tuesday . 
practice time 
jusr saw paranoral activity 2 , i thought it would have been better .... 
I've got a concert this saturday 
officially on vacation now , gonna be 21 in 6 hours 
i was about to put doritos in the freezer haha 
if you say jesus backwards it sounds like sausage !!!!! =O 
my cars tags are only 65$ =D 
lol i got my neice to say \fork you mommy \"" 
does anybody watch the tv show < PROPMALE > ? 
if i was going to use a supercar as a daily driver i think id use the nissan gtr 
linkin park used to be so good , now they just suck so bad . 
Underneath < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE>' beard is another fist . 
haha craigslist is a good way to waste time 
i want to go to sleep(out of boredom ) but i dont want to go to bed =/ 
yay for cragslist 
hmm i wonder how well ABS works on ice ... to the youtubes !! 
Guys like you make us look bad . 
Music is like < PROPFEMALE > - A lot better without the fucking rappers hahaha 
music video process beings monday =D 
alright , so i uploaded 3 videos , if youre bored go check them out and have youself some giggles . goodnight 
back to reality today 
paycheck sucked =p 
fuck it . im done trying twice . 
i need to brush up on my ferrari's 
los robertos on hesparia rd = B.A.F. ! 
if you could understand morse code , tap dancers would be really annoying . 
long day ahead of me . work and then off to long beach for the music video 
On my way to Long Beach 
finially made it to the shoot 
ahhh . getting here was a bitch , and set up is even more of a bitch !!! 
fake head banging hurts the neck =/ lol 
shoot is done 
This God that I worship ( A faded reflection)\ 
\ 
This demon I blame ( A flickering flame)\ 
Conspire as one , exactly the same\ 
It's exactly the same 
tired as fuck =/ 
I draw my line in the sand , choose your side . 
The lights are on , but there's nobody home . >:) 
Denied , A whisper , A voice to try to fill the chambers destroyed by lies . 
if i could post an amazing riff as a status update i would 
hmm facebook doesnt feel like letting me know about my notifications at the moment 
maybe its time to get rid of the myspace ........ 
looks like im going to sleep early tonight 
i like this status 
im going to hit like on as many things as i possibly can =D 
fuck this , im all like button-ed out now =p 
pissed the fuck off beyond what you can imagine right now 
fuckin worried , and i need to go to sleep . this is one fucked up night 
You can tell the same lie 1000 times , but it never gets any more true , So close you eyes once more and once more believe that they all still believe in you . 
lol oh the forgotten joy of getting dizzy in a spinning chair lol 
when i have a kid im going to teach them \a duck says AFLAC !! \ " haha " 
cant help but feel like i only plant dead seeds . all i ever grow are weeds . 
meh =/ 
hmm ... well its after 1 , i guess i should get out of bed now . 
Playing my songs is the way cope with life . 
who is the guy rapper on the bottoms up remix ? somebody plz cut that < PROPFEMALE > minaj bullshit part out and replace it with his rap 
i just ate like 3 lbs of pizza .... i am happy lol 
new favorite pizza topping = bacon mmmmm 
happy thanksgiving every one ..... wish i could sleep in a bit on my fucking day off >:/ 
im starting to get the feeling that im not going to want to deal with any of this shit today 
haha this guy really wanted to start shit with ME bc HE'S parked illegally in frobt of a fuckin TOY STORE when theres a COP right behind him lol .... wow stupidity runs strong through his veins 
boss went home , now i can just fuck around till i go home 
i want to go driving just so i can listen to my car stereo 
haha ppl always copy what i say when im talking to some one 
can anybody translate \take a flying fuck at a rolling doughnut\ " into spanish for me ? " 
have you ever rolled up to a stop sign and expected it to turn green ? lol 
Youre the only person i know that could take a wonderful season like christmas , and turn it into a problem lol 
my sis got me one of those little indoor rc helicopters . thie thing is badass !!! thanks sis , i rawr you 
OH MY FUCKING GOD . I cannot stand to have a stuffy/runny nose , it drives me absoutley fducking insane !!!!!!! im not going to get any sleep tonight bc of it >:o 
fuckin tight !!! my tire decided to commit suicide while pulling out of the < PROPMALE > parking lot 
FUCKSHITPISSCUNTWHOREASSSLUTFUCL . finially get my car fixed , and i show up to joeys for practice and everybodys fucking gone . this whole days been one big shitfuck after another . i told the guys id fucking be there and they left anyway . 
An eye for an eye . 
im jumping on this number game bs . send me a number and i'll post what i think of you in my status 
#713 - i feel like you abandoned us , and ive felt that way for years now . you have made promises to both of us that you havent kept , and i wont be getting over that anytime soon . dont expect to ever hear me say that i love you or her , bc i dont . ive got plenty more to say , and most of what ive got to say isnt nice , but those things dont belong for the publics eyes 
#420 -i think youre really pretty , and a cool girl to talk too , and i want your number so that i can text you , and chill with you bc you seem pretty awesome to me 
#666 - chick youre too fuckin cool . we got off to a bit of a rough start , but i dont think i'll ever meet another girl like you . i still find it amazing how you remember everything we've ever talked about !!.... i dont understand why you picked 666 tho lol 
WOOOW some fucking \friend \"" 
Pouring sweat but the fever reamins , Its all pretty odd but more our darkest days , Cause we let it burn and felt strength just the same , I dont care if you get , these songs still scream your name . 
then god said \let there be wind ! \ " \ 
my leg is fucking killing me !!! =O 
i could really go for some pepperoni and bacon pizza right now 
i hate it when ppl use the wrong version of words .... such as there , their , and they're . to , too , and two . then and than . no and know .... and thats all i can think of at the moment 
I sworn that i wouldnt mourn ya ' , Clouds over California . 
haha my neice was sitting on the floor in front of me , and i thought to myself \she looks like a < PROPFEMALE > person\ " lol " 
I've got a lovely bunch of coconuts . 
i think i might have a new favorite band 
Enjoy this constant reminder . 
i remember the days when ppl kept their word , and actually did what they said they were going to do ..... WTF HAPPENED ???? 
my cat picked up a random string off the floor and ate it ..... lol wtf ???? 
meet me at the waterslide 
how come eggnog tastes nothing like eggs ?? 
hahaha i just got my little neice to go fin , noggin , dude with me lol 
i want to learn to fly helicopters and airplanes 
i think i need to watch some family guy 
looks like Ruins of Time will be playing new years < PROPFEMALE > . COME OUT AND SEE US !!! 
This sticker is dangerous and inconvient , but i do love fig newtons . 
team Lambo , or team ferrari ? 
dayyuummm . o went over to work so i could change my wiper blades in the shop and be out of the rain , and right after i pulled in i smelled weed !! and not just a little , but a lot lol somebody was hotboxing the shop lol . 
why is it that during the week i have a lot to at night , and when it comes to the weekend i have nothing to do 
FREE CONCERT NEW YEARS < PROPFEMALE > . come out and get crazy with us !! 
payday tomorrow 
ADDRESS FOR NEW YEARS < PROPFEMALE > SHOW 14333 Tawney Ridge Ln\ 
Victorville , CA 92394 
i love dring through puddles =) .... also driving around with the music o and all the windows cracked a little bit so that you can hear all the sounds is hypnotizing 
im getting the feeling that our power is going to go out .... our lights just flickered . 
way to be annoying #70 - slap someone every time they say the word \potato \"" 
way to be annoying 195- mow your lawn at 3 AM 
The unrequited dream , A song that no one sings , The unattainable . 
there will be a lunar eclipse tonight 
this paycheck fucking blew >:/ 
just bc its raining DOES NOT mean that you have to drive 20 mph everywhere . 
fuck ! all i want or need for christmas is money . gifts are pretty much no use to me , unless its a new timing belt for my car 
I'm a safe bet like your life's staked on it for real . 
why is it that i enjohe music on my ipod a lot more when im at work than when im in my car ? 
I want justice and I want you dead , I want your everything and I want your head . 
AHHHH i love top gear !! the american series gets better with every episode 
Ford F150 SVT Raptor ..... i must have one ..... unless GM comes out with a 1500 equally as badass 
haha tiight . the mercades sls amg will blast its own doors off it gets flipped upside down 
m ear is making a low humming/rumbling sound .... sort of sounds like something with a V8 and an exhaust at idle ... 
FUCK YOU TOO BITCH ! 
Apologies are for the weak . 
haa remember when $100 used to be a lot of money ? 
got my mohawk 
Curse the clouds over California 
holy sheet ! this wind is crazy 
GAD DERGIT !!! i forgot to get contact solution at the store >:\\ 
Dec . 22 , 2012 .... a lot of ppl are eother going to look really smart , or really stupid 
i re-arranged the magnets on my fridge to say \fuck shit up\ " . come see my band play tomorrow night at 9 . HMU for details " 
WHO'S COMING TO THE SHOW TONIGHT ?! 
i love when it snows in the desert =) 
haha , i like the show bait car . fuckin morons 
Have faith in me . 
The only time you've ever walked on water was to stand atop my head . 
now ive got something to look forward to =) 
i hate to see something so precious destroy itself . 
you lead a horse to water , but you sure as fuck cant make it open its eyes . 
this whole day is shit 
getting fucked up on < PROPFIRST > and coke for monicas 21st !! woo !! 
fuckin stupidass truck got diesel fuel all over me . great way to start the day 
watching inception by myself now =/ 
Welcome to forever . 
Eyee glaring red with a conscious set to kill . 
make me a waffle 
Kangaroo done < PROPMALE > the juror with the innocent . 
a lichen is a fungus , not a warewolf .... stupid underworld 
Dead I am the dog , Hound of hell you cry , Devil on your back , I can never die . 
haha my sister and i just made up a new drinking game !! 
chinas got some bomb ass marketing ppl , theyve got exposure everywhere !!! 
Nocturnal Majesty , Sworn to Black We'll always be . 
?!?!? =/ shit makes no sense 
Not all who wander are lost . 
Take my misery , I give all of it , Take one < PROPMALE > , I'll be there . 
Wake up the Dreamers . 
GRAB THE CHEEZ-ITS AND RUN !!!!! 
I'm gonna make it bend and break . 
It only took one brick to make that window drop . 
haha i wish i could find on those sentances that you click like on that says \talking shit with me boss \"" 
STUDIO NEXT WEEK !!! WE SHALL OWN !! 
I'll chain you to the truth , for the truth shall set you free . 
I took what i hated and made it a part of me . 
black swan = total mind fuck !! 
The only way I'd return , is to an orchestra of wolves . 
lol i speak naggish 
does any of you have a computer moniter that you dont use anymore ? 
4 says left till studio time , GONNA FUCKING TEAR IT UP !!! 
task for today : relocate car stereo amp so that it stops over-heating 
not quite sure what happened to singing . most metal bands now want to sing like fags ... disappointing 
Why's everything so tame ? I like my life insane . 
ahh figuring out tempos and measures for the studio ... oh joy 
studio time Tuesday and Wednesday !!!! tomorrow is going to be nothing but a waiting game 
ha alright thought for the day . if you cant take a compliment for what its worth , then youre a bitch . good night =) . 
Little man you're nothing like me , lying , cheating , so deceiving . 
AHHHH studio time starts tomorrow , i want to get off work now so that we can finish up tempos , pack up and get this underway !!! TOMORROW GREATNESS BEGINS !!! 
heading out to the studio at 7AM tomorrow ... haha gotta get up early on my day off :P 
i got a text from facebook telling me to make a voicecall to 911 instead of a text ... wtf ??? 
turning my phone off for recording now =) 
Some see the glass empty , others full . I just see the water's cold . 
lol my sister thinks almost every car is made by chevy lol 
than god for craigslist , i got a comp . monitor , and it only cost me 6$ !!! 
Break apart and Divide . 
Kentucky just passed the best law ever .. to be on Food stamps , Medicaid , or Cash Assistance for your Children or yourself , you have to pass a DRUG Test . Now every other state should do the same . If you agree re-post . People that work have to take a drug test ; so should they ... Amen .... Repost if you agree 
We are the wolves who dress as the sheep . 
WOOOOOOW fuckin love how ppl cant get their shit together these days 
i pushed the space bar button on my phone and it told me \please say a command\ " so i said \ " FEED ME ! \ " ..... nothing happpened =( " 
its times like these that i ask myself , who has the best dollar menu ? 
As I raise my head towards the heavens , take one last look at the < PROPFEMALE > , the stars begin to fall . 
Cheers to your future , May they bury you alive . 
I've got a bad habit of turnin ' it up . >=) 
tax return cam in YEA !!!! 
the new electronic set is geat !!! been playing it for the last 3 hours , working on keeping with that metronome 
idk why every1 is talking about what team they want to win today , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > already won the superbowl ... yesterday !! lol 
i really glad the stealers lost , for all you ppl who were chanting \black and yellow\ " HAHA dont you feel like a fucking idiot now ?! lol " 
the movie G.I < PROPFIRST > fucking sucks 
time to work on a drumming video 
Again we will rise . 
just lost a gamf tug-o-war against a bull mastiff lol 
wtf , when did attack attack become so amazing ???? they grew some balls 
beach and family guy with < PROPFEMALE > = bomb as fuck 
spent the last few hours mobbin on my drums , gonna eat and take a break for a bit and go do it some more =) 
shit just cannot be simple and make sense any more can they ? 
4 in a fucking row .... wow fml 
i going to learn how to play guitar 
was this over before it ever began ?? yea , but fuck it . lets spend a couple hundred dollars before letting that be known , that be pretty fuckin bomb right ? 
haa today may be friday , but its monday for me . 
god i fuckin hate it when we're playing kings cup and ppl dont pay attention or wont play along with the rules . 
These are the sentiments of a cold blooded cynic , so believe me when i say that I would love nothing more than for everything to end unpleasently . 
I will remember before i forget . 
I've come to a realization , looking back on the things ive done for ppl , and the things that theyve done for me it seems as though i try way too hard for ppl that dont do the same for me , fuck that shit . no more . 
oh my gah , learning how to play drums is sooo much easier than learning how to play guitar . my fucking forearm is killing me !! 
haha i just had my first \oh fuck im old\ " moment lol " 
why is it that all day ill have nothing to look up , but then when im supposed to go to sleep theres a bunch of interesting shit to look up ... wtf ??? 
alright expect a drumming video from me a little bit later , im going to cover eminem's shake that , but with my own little twist on it 
Crazy is just fine . 
coronas with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > 
Go ahead amd bury it deep down inside , let your heart feel numb . 
Prove your loyalty . 
going horseback riding this weekend . 
i like how i can relate almost everything that happens to me on a daily basis to something from family guy =p 
haha watching sherlock holmes , and evey time i hear them say \holmes\ " i cant help but imagine some mexican gangster going \ " aye holmes\ " haha " 
omfg !!! my sister leaves her leftover food fucking sitting on the living room floor like its supposed to be there ... wtf ?? isnt that what a fucking trash can is for ?? 
hmmm camaro ZL1 , looks like its going to be AMAZING !! 
damnit youtube , load faster !! 
lol omg , is there anything a bugatti veyron cant beat ??? 
Words mean nothing , so go and prove your loyalty . 
the movie Buried is easily the best movie i think ive ever seen . if you havent seen that shit yet , go check it out . this movie almost made me cry , it was just that good . 
In my own riptide the water is fine . 
i must say , i dont dig bitches , or those who prefer to make bitchy comments for no reason . \ 
fuck you . 
Those who matter don't mind . Those who mind , DON'T MATTER . 
the new lambo has been revealed ... today is a good day =) 
The spark i saw inside your eye was just the match i used to set myself on fire . 
wtf youtube ???? my videos arent showing up , but the audio is playing 
holy shit , these gas prices just became obscene . 
have you ever had a song that you like stick in your head , but you dont actually like it enough to listen to it ?? thats me right now lol 
ever notice how a shitty paycheck and fuck up your whole day ? 
Freeze without an answer . 
apparently dodge came out with a ram Runner < PROPFEMALE > to rival the ford raptor ... i still think the raptor is way better tho , but the dodge does look badass 
Eyes are glaring red with a conscious set to kill . >=) 
\You wonder why others make such elaborate plans when life can be easy . \ " \ 
=/ 
!!!! might be getting out of this dumbass apartment and into a house 
god damn , hanging out with a girl these days is like making a fucking dr. s appointment , \well i have an opening in 3 months on a tuesday at 4:30 
i wonder how high japans gas prices are going to be now 
Your words are like a gun in hand . 
At what point did you begin to believe that all your pain disappears with just a prayer ? That your salvation was something handed out as easy as the pamphlets you receive . 
Dead seeds buried deep . 
Burn the scriptures , Bury the governing , Free yourself , Break the structures , Declare Freedom . 
I'm dancing to quite a different drum beat . >:) 
Dark motives in the light . 
You're afraid like I make my deals with the Devil . 
r.i.p. nate dogg ??? really not important compared to japans problems right now 
Battle L.A. was AMAZING !! 
its gonna be a long day . bleh . 
Dig through the ditches , and burn through the witches . 
Love was just a stage name , watch as it became something i could live without . 
Out of sight , Out of mind . 
Eye hole deep in muddy waters . 
Maybe you're better off this way . 
damn , i wonder how much rolls < PROPFIRST > techs get paid 
My ship is sinking , but its all good , and I can't go down . 
fuck you Onstar contest grr 
Nothing is what it seems . 
i just realized that i can stay up late tonight ... now what to do ? 
i guess im on my way to applebees now 
WOOO party at my place !! haha 
oh man , i just had a long as dream about < PROPMALE > taco haha 
its hard to hate your job on your day off , but at greiner , they find a way . 
did you guys know that < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > plays guitar ?? i didnt O.o 
i need some insanity 
Sleep all day , Still get paid . 
OMG !!!! i found gas for 3.33 a gallon !!! i knew adelanto was good for something haha 
You and I end up in a police car together . Using only four words , what would you say to me ? If you comment , you must copy this as your status , so I may comment on yours as well . 
going to henderson < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow woo ! 
One push is all you'll need . 
i need some new amazing music to listen to 
haha im listening to devildriver songs on youtube , and at the top of the suggestions box is a sponsored video for < PROPMALE > mcgraw lol 
do black ppl sit around and tell joke about white ppl ? lol 
Addictive as they get , Evil as they come , Vindictive as they make ' em . 
i need a woman here to cook for me !! 
Girls are like light bulbs , only useful when turned on . 
at buffalo wild wings waiting for the rest of our party to arrive .... 45 < PROPFEMALE > later .... 
Take what you came for . 
where can i get a forklift license in victorville ? 
im in a three days grace kind of mood 
my horoscope says that i'll be able to make some drastic changes in my life today ... hmm lets hope all goes well later today 
well i now have both a sitdown , and stand up forklift licence , now i need to find a job . 
I know I'm not the one you thought you knew back in high school . 
Fuck spring , we're going straight to summer . 
i know im tired , but im not the least bit interested in going to bed 
i just dont understand why or how people are so fucking stupid .... who knows mayb its not them , mayb im the idiot ??? 
