I finally got around to looking it up . the Mayan Long Count Calendar does not end . They measure long periods of time in lengths of 144,000 days , called a B'ak'tun . December 21 2012 is the beginning of the next B'ak'tun , and it would be celebrated like we celebrate the millenium 

pens have a tendency to fall , and bombs have a tendancy to explode . 
this is pretty cool . but its bed time now . 
I found the cure to cancer , but I forgot where I put the formula 
us loses hockey gold to canada in overtime ... :( 
I'm in the Starcraft 2 Beta !!! 
todays the worst day I've had in a long time . Not only can I not test the biggest gaming release of 2010 , but less than an hour after that discovery , my Xbox 360 broke down . 
I like bananas , coconuts , and grapes , I like bananas , coconuts , and grapes , I like bananas , coconuts , and grapes thats why they call me TARZAN OF THE APES !!! 
If anyone needs a ride to the game monday , I have a few open seats 
Today I woke up early , got to the DMV at 8:30 , was there til 11 due to budget crises closings and layoffs and spring break , then went to see < PROPFEMALE > in wonderland , then spent another 3 boring hours in the mall . Saw < PROPFIRST > Lago . Oh yeah Saphira found a loophole in her commands and jumped in somebody else's pool . Got home at 8 and now I have to work on merit badges for this weekend . :( 
can't go to practice tomorrow because my mom thinks two days is too short notice 
Alone I travel through the mountains . Led by a storm fading west . Then I came upon an ancient ruin of a church and it is there I stop to rest . 
Just got back from Symphonic < PROPFEMALE > wars at Phoenix Symphony Hall . It was amazing . I curse you all for not going . JK 
Music is just like candy : The wrappers should be thrown out and pop is totally unrelated 
Hey guys , for operation Pygmypuff , I think I have a cooler but I need ammo and maybe someone to help me prepare it . Msg me on facebook if you need something . BTW only 10B can see this 
Our offer for a house in Glendale got accepted !!! Now the morgage has to be approved , then it's ours ! 
I just read that NASA is developing a feature to be placed in future cars : A sensor that recognizes when a child is sitting in the car . When the driver walks away from the car , his key will make a loud beeping noise . 
Hi 
0.0 McNabb's playin for the redskins !? 
OMG I'm working on the AIMS practice test , there are several answers that aren't options . I can't help but think of < PROPMALE>'s Acronym ... 
here's an interesting piece of information : Apple just released a report that they make almost 200% profit on the Ipad , it costs $250 to make , but htey sell it for $600 
I have a job at Camp < PROPMALE > :) I'm on Nature Staff again ! 
I just bought a blue ball identical to < PROPMALE>'s just to annoy him :) 
< PROPFIRST > Cernan , < PROPMALE > Lovell , and < PROPMALE > Armstrong wrote an open letter attacking Obama's new space policy . hmmm 
interesting how hard it is to take a good picture of yourself ... 
< PROPFIRST > just helped me come up with a most interesting phrase : \You heal my sanity \"" 
Giant earthquake in < PROPFEMALE > yesterday 
Hey can somebody give me Mr. Stewart\s Algebra Homework ? " 
WOOT my xbox is fixed . I should be getting it back next week 
A group of archaeologists found a 6th century < PROPFEMALE > in italy with color coded pieces and assembly instructions 
Came back from a camping trip today . I fell in a cold mountain spring yesterday and was almost bitten by a centipede . I accidentaly burned my only pair of sneakers . had a good weekend :) 
I feel like it's been too long since I've posted anything . But nothing's happened recently that I can/want to post . 
I hate getting haircuts . You always look weird for the next few days . 
Can't be on facebook much this week . Have lots of stuff to pack . 
Lalalalala i'm bored 
I'm tired of this vw punch thing . On the way home i tickled < PROPFIRST > every time i saw a nissan :P 
Heard a story on npr on the way home on an article explaining the irrationality of having children and wondering why people do . I laughed . 
Concert went very well . I couldn't sing falsetto though . And next year i'm going to join honor choir . 
JUST SO I UNDERSTAND THIS ... YOU PASS THE NORTH KOREAN BORDER ILLEGALLY YOU GET 12 YRS HARD LABOR , YOU PASS THE AFGHAN BORDER ILLEGALLY YOU GET SHOT . YOU PASS THE AMERICAN BORDER ILLEGALLY YOU GET A JOB , DRIVER'S LICENSE , ALLOWANCE FOR A PLACE TO LIVE , HEALTH CARE , EDUCATION , BILLIONS OF DOLLARS SPENT SO YOU CAN READ A ... DOCUMENT . WE < PROPFEMALE > PASSPORTS IN OTHER COUNTRIES OR FACE JAIL TIME . REPOST THIS IF YOU AGREE 
I have a new favorite ringtone ! It's the orc from warcraft 3 shouting \we're under attack ! \ " over and over again ! :P " 
for the last hour or so , my shift key has been broken and it's been driving me crazy . < PROPFEMALE > fixed it by hitting the other shift key . it doesn't make sense to me either 
\And seeing that it is not that which it is not but rather is that which is not what it is and seeing pigeons purple pigeons in the red grass it is you\ " \ 
Please put this on your status if you know or\ 
are related to , someone killed on Alderan when it was obliterated by the\ 
Death < PROPFEMALE > . My wish is that people will understand that the Empire is\ 
a band of murdering scum . The Rebel Alliance wants only to bring peace\ 
to the galaxy but this evil empire continues to kill innocent civilians 
An avid birdwatcher sees an unexpected bird . Soon , they're both dead . What happened ? 
Which of the following verbs doesn't belong ? Please explain . \ 
\ 
work\ 
seek\ 
teach\ 
win\ 
buy 
I left school at 9:00 PM today ! 
Saphira hurt her paw , looks like her claw/nail is coming out :( 
does anyone know if there is any story or franchise called Ashen Heart ? I thought of the name a few minutes ago and I really like it . Don't know what it might mean . 
\We're sharing one eternity 
I made two unsuccessful trips to Home Depot today , nailed a box to a wall , and I have set a new goal for myself : to transcribe < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE>'s Battle of the Heroes for guitar ! 
something must have almost aligned today . I got to talk to my love on the phone twice ( though neither conversations were very long ... or good ) and , because of the width of my desk , my computer and music equipment are in the same room ! I would make an awesome showoffy video but I'm missing the cable I use to hook my pod to my computer !!! GRR 
A Change of Seasons is now high on my list of favorite songs :) 
Flyers lose :( 
Thanks < PROPFIRST > for a wonderful night ! 
Counting up hours for my project :( 
Just realized that there's a such thing as a mM7 and a Mm7 chord . this tore my mind apart . 
My guitar teacher told me that his favorite way to improve was to rip stuff off of other guitarists when improvising . I told him that I didn't feel like I could do anything other guitarists can do . This perplexed him for an hour , because he thought I was perfectly capaple of all of the popular guitarists riffs . 
Somebody set off the fire alarm in my terminal . Everyone ignored it . Kinda makes me wonder ... 
The pilot on this flight looks just like nenos and it's scaring me 
Got 3 Master Transmuters , now my Esper Deck is almost complete ! MWAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA !!!!! 
Chopin's Waltz no 5 in A < PROPMALE > op 42 is absolutely rediculious !!! 
I just brought my nerdiness to a new level , I've started writing text messages in iambic pentameter :P 
This Day in History\ 
In 1789 , the French National Assembly adopted the Declaration of the Rights of Man and the Citizen . In 1896 , the shortest war in the history of the world occurred between 9:00 am and 9:45 am involving the UK and Zanzibar . In 1939 , the first jet aircraft took flight . 47th Anniversary of the March on Washington 
The seething sea ceaseth and thus the seething sea sufficeth us 
Done my first ballad . 24 quatrains on the Odyssey 
< PROPFIRST > Portnoy quit Dream Theater ? O.O 
Evil Overlord tip #220 : Whatever my one vulnerability is , I will fake a different one . For example , ordering all mirrors removed from the palace , screaming and flinching whenever someone accidentally holds up a mirror , etc . In the climax when the hero whips out a mirror and thrusts it at my face , my reaction will be \Hmm ... I think I need a shave . \"" 
lol Odysseus pwns 
Evil Overlord Tip # 201 : All giant serpents acting as guardians in underground lakes will be fitted with sports goggles to prevent eye injuries 
I'm officially making a Venser deck . it'll be awesome . \ 
For EDH games , can Planeswalkers be Generals ? 
Hug an Asian day is not today . Different people observe it at different times of year , including January 7 , November 20 , October 15 , and the most common , March 5 
How does the Jedi Council get money ? 
Put this as your status if you know someone/are related to someone who suffers from being a < PROPFIRST > Cowboys Fan . Being a Cowboys Fan is a real disorder and should be taken seriously . There is still no known cure forDCF and sympathy does not help . But we can raise awareness . 90% of Cowboys fans wont repost this ... because they dont know ......... how to copy and paste 
There's a turbolaser in my backyard ! 
Anyone else doing NaNoWriMo ? 
I've been writing sindarin for the last hour . It's so weird to go back to english letters ! 
Evil Overlord tip #135 : My doomsday machine will have a highly-advanced technological device called a capacitor in case someone inconveniently pulls the plug at the last second . ( If I have access to REALLY advanced technology , I will include a back-up device known as a battery . ) 
Do chefs get extra sick days ? 
We got a Tortoise ! Need help naming it though ... 
I've been playing Starcraft for the last 18 hours . Is that a bad thing ? I think not !! 
Why my bruises stay\ 
My child I know you never meant to ... \ 
These scars just won't fade away\ 
And I'm sure you never knew\ 
I give up , I give in\ 
Help December let a new year begin\ 
Take what's left and move on\ 
Fly away\ 
Be gone ... 
CALLING ALL SHAKESPEARE EXPERTS !!! \ 
I need help decyphering the meaning of a song , please tell me as much as can about this passage :\ 
\Ofelia < PROPFEMALE > of heartache and sorrow\ 
a productive day . I've worked long and hard on my paragraphs for Project week , only 47 sentences until I meet the minimum requirement ! 
:( eagles lost :( now time to finish my project week essay . 
You and I wake up in jail together . Using only 4 words , what do you say to me ? Note : If you comment you must copy and paste this as your status so I may comment on yours as well . 
Wizzards is being mean and proposing two names for the last Scars set : Mirrodin Pure and New Phyrexia , complete with two taglines and two set symbols . They're not gonna give us a clue how the story ends until the book comes out >:( 
I think it's high time Bolas gets killed , he's been around since the beginning of the game and is desperately holding onto his ancient power . Any thoughts ? \ 
What if Karn kills Bolas and becomes the new uber-bad guy ? That would be a nice addition to the story . 
I got the new Magic : The Gathering book , Test of Metal , 22 hours and 8 minutes ago , and I just now finished it . 
I have an issue with this <- image of Tezzeret . At the end of Test of Metal , he still had a flesh and bone right arm and half of his face was made of solid Etherium . I can't think of how he might've gotten rid of the Etherium in his face or regained his arm . 
crap . Creeping Corrosion is going to kill me . I need to start perfecting my fast win combos 
lol a beastly combo is beginning to form in my artifact deck by combining the two Tezzeret cards :) 
6th period Latin :\ 
Ms. Cunningham : < PROPFEMALE > , you look grumpy , are you grumpy ? \ 
< PROPFEMALE > : No\ 
Cunningham : Are you Madeline ? \ 
Madeline : No\ 
Cunningham : Ashley ? \ 
Ashley : No\ 
Cunningham : Molly ? \ 
Molly : No\ 
Cunningham : What about you Trev ? \ 
Trevor : No , I'm Doc . 
I've decided that it's time to finish my eagle project , so i will try to blitz it this weekend . Therefore i won't be on facebook at all at least until tuesday . 
Went to release party today . went 3for3 , 6th place . Pulled a Green Sun Zenith , traded with one of the store employees for Memnarch and Master of Etherium . Still no Tezzeret , but I might be able to squeeze one out of a friend . Overall good day . 
