ok , this site is confusing me already . ugh . and i look the same in this pic anyway , so why does it matter that its two years old ? 

Ok . Third day going on facebook and im a bit confused still . oh well . I'll figure it out eventually . 
Im so bored with break so far . < PROPFEMALE > has got to get out here soon . 
SNOW IS AWESOME !!! 
dry winter air is horrible . humidifiers on the other hand are awesome . 
Yay ! < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Boller is here ! But she stole my awesome new hat from < PROPFEMALE > . 
HAPPY NEW YEAR ! ( yea I know I'm 40 minutes late posting this but I don't care haha ) 
I finally got around to a new status message . Facebook games are way too addicting . lol 
Ugh I hate being sick . Absolutely hate it . At least it should be gone tomorrow . I don't stay sick very long . 
ok , not sick anymore , but somehow i hurt my tailbone and i cant sit properly . ow 
ok , i have a nagging suspicion that a broke my tailbone . not fun at all . 
so i really did break my tailbone . went to the urgent care in PV yesterday and got an x-ray . i have a foam cushion to < PROPFEMALE > around now to sit on . 
so not only was my tailbone broken , i also had an infection that i got fixed at the ER . but getting an infection drained has taken me out of school for a few days . still cant sit down . ugh . bedrest sucks . 
ok , so it wasnt a break i dont think . now it just seems to be that the cyst i had was extremely painful . 
life is good , make up work sucks , and facebook games are way too addicting . i really should get back to work .... 
Why are distractions so interesting when they are so bad for the health of your grades ? I wish homework could be less boring . 
OH MY GOD THIS DAY RULES ! My dad sent my sister and me a package and besides the phone and the camera i got , we both got LAPTOPS !!! 
Choir concert nights are great . This year our women's choir completely blows last year's out of the water . We made my mom cry teehee ! 
I have one request of everyone : please do not send me farmville invites . I have never played that game and I never will . Ever . 
Allergies suck . And I'm sure plenty of people would agree with me on that . 
I honestly have no idea what to put in my status right now , besides this lol . Would this be called random babbling ? 
This week felt looooonnnnggg . 
Thanks to everyone for wishing me happy birthday :) And on another note , I'm getting surgery tomorrow apparently . Getting my cyst entirely removed . Only , we were just notified of this TODAY . No warning AT ALL . So my current state of mind is now a minor freak-out . o.O 
Relationships are complicated ... but it seems there can be happy endings when parting 
To all my Christian friends : We need your prayers . My dad's brother is in the ICU in Reno right now with kindney and liver failure , cirrhosis , liver cancer , and fluid in his lungs . He's been on a transplant list for a long time , but the doctors say he will die by Sunday . I would like to ask you to pray for a miracle , but if that isn't what God wants then pray for my uncle's protection and love in Heaven . Amen . 
My uncle < PROPFIRST > died early this morning . I would like to say he passed peacefully , but the truth is he was probably in a lot of pain . At least we know he's in Heaven now . My dad heard thunder shaking his windows this morning , letting him know that his brother died . I'm praying for my dad's family , and for my Aunt < PROPFEMALE > . She is extremely distressed now that the one she loved for so many years is gone . 
We got a cat !!!!!!!!!! His name is < PROPFIRST > . Our neighbor gave him to us cuz his roommates moved out and left < PROPFIRST > behind . He is such a pretty black cat , especially after we attacked him with a bath this morning haha 
Schedule : 1)Women's Choir , Kiesling 2)Concepts in College Math , Peters 3 ) AP Physics , Bunnell 4 ) Economics , < PROPFIRST > 5 ) Lunch 6 ) English , Benson 
We got a kitten !! Her name is Nyokee and she is the sweetest , most adorable calico kitten ever ! 
Our kitten has an unusual appetite for cottonballs ... and whatever i happen to be eating too 
I got a new phone ! Motorola backflip woohoo ! 
Recruiting people for after school woodshop ! 4-7 every school day . Talk to Mr. Bockman if you want to join . Taking the class for . The year gives three credits ! 
6 more people needed for JTED woodshop to continue . Please sign up by Friday or the course will be dropped . Anyone can take this class , it doesn't matter if you have no experience . Completing the course is worth three credits ! 
Yay ! Woodshop won't be dropped ! 
Sore throats fail . Mine better go away soon or I'll ... I'll ... make empty threats at it til it does ! 
I officially despise every species of biting insect . Especially mosquitoes . I feel like a walking buffet for those stupid bugs . 
I remember , like it was only just the other day , seeing my third grade teacher turning on the TV to show us the unbelievable collapse of two gigantic buildings . To my younger mind , that was enough to make me cry , imagining the deaths of all those poor people and the bravery of the firefighters , the police officers , the soldiers , and especially the survivors as they thought of people they knew breathing their last . 
Why is it that people these days ignore ' innocent until proven guilty ' and go with ' guilty until proven innocent ' just because of problems in their past ? 
My sister comes up with the coolest outfits for spirit week , and I just throw something together at the last minute haha . 
GIANTS WIN THE WORLD SERIES ! YAY !!!!!! 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone ! I hope you all have plenty to be thankful for today , no matter how big or small it is . 
Black Friday at a fabric store = chaos + long lines at a cutting table . And it's only 9 in the morning ! 
It's finally snowing !!! My sister and I were just standing outside with our heads back , catching snowflakes on our tongues YUM :D 
I got my permit !! :) 
