I have a feeling that this is going to be a great year . Let's hope I'm right . 

Monni made me do this . :D 
Seems like im always to busy to do things . And when i get a day off , there is nothing to do ! 
Im thinking about geetting a tattoo . Someone talk me out of it ! 
Feeling a little home sick :/ . I miss all you crazy bones jones ! 
Two more weeks untill i go back up north , and the days are going slower and slower ..... 
AAAAAAAAAUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG !!!!!!!!!!!! 
Im going home tonight ! Super excited ! Cant wait to see you people !!! 
Omg This place is sooo cold . Got me sick as a dog . 
I feel like getting in trouble ... no idea why . 
My name is .. Shake < PROPFEMALE > the mic rulah the old schoolah . You wanna trip , I'll bring it to ya . Frylock on top imma rock you like a cop meatwad you're up next with your knock-knock . Meatwad make the money see . Meatwad get the honies G . Drivin in my car , livin ' like a sta . r ice on my fingers and my toesand I'm a Taurus ......... bored 
4am , bad cough , cant sleep , hudge head ache , sore arm , something starring at me on the other side of the room , ears ringing , parched , i'm dying . 
:D 
WOW , seriously an awesome day . Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes !!! 
Its payday friday and i am soooo bored . Whats wrong with me ! 
Happy Fathers Day to all the Dads out there ! 
ohhh shnikkerdarwf ! 
I'm thinking about dying my hair black ... Should i ? 
The hair is black ... 
< PROPFIRST > is going to EDC without me :((( 
AHHH I hate wearing clothes when im sunburnt ! 
soooo scared right now . I got out of the shower and the light flickerd ... four seconds later the dryer turns on .. theres no one else home and nothing in the dryer .... im sooo freaked out i have all the lights on and my music blasting so i dont hear anything creepy . >.< 
UUUGGGGG ! i just want to puch someone in the face right now ! 
SupperUpper Happy right now :) 
do vegans eat animal crackers ? 
books have knowledge , knowledge is power , power corrupts , corruption is\ 
a crime , and crime doesn't pay .. so if you keep reading , you'll go broke 
soooo effin bored 
im so tired of terrible being admired for being terrible people ... 
i want to play < PROPFEMALE > >.< !!!! 
IM GOING HOME !!!! yaaaaaaaaay . 
after going to the shooting range with the husband , i have decided .... i want a shotgun ... 
off to the sacramentooooooooozzzzzz :D 
nuh nuh nuunnnuhh nuhh nuhhh nuh nuh 
Gone fishing :P 
Good bye fresh air , peace , and quite . Going back to the hustle and bustle of smog-ville , aka LA . :( and :) at the same time ... :( ) ... lol 
caught a shark .... sure it was a baby shark ... but it was still a shark ! 
... and when Mr. Bigglesworth gets angry , people DIE ! 
coming up in the world ... 
Buca de Beppo 
i fell on my face and now i have a bruise on my < PROPFEMALE > :( 
GAH ! I HATE MY COMPUTER ! SOOO RIDICULOUS SLOOOOOW ! 
i HATE dust 
Sacrifice- the surrender or destruction of something prized or desirable for the sake of something considered as having a higher or more pressing claim . 
Dear 16year old self , \ 
I miss you 
Great weekend ! My feet are sore though ! 
The new < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland is too serious . Not enough silly 
What can i do with two people and 10$ ? 
GOING HOME TOMORROW WHEEEEEEEEWT !!! :D :D :D :D 
HAPPY THANKSGIVING PEOPLES OF < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
The fresh air is making me hyper ... i missed it 
:( !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
\Everybody huuuurrrrrts ... sometime ... \"" 
I'm not happy , I dont know it , SO I\M NOT CLAPPING MY HANDS ! D:< " 
< PROPFIRST > always looks precious when he is sleeping ... untill he farts . Then its a little less precious . .. 
Fallout New Vegas ... Probably one of the most glitched games i have ever played . 
For some reason i have just been so excited all day . Everything is exciting ! IM EXCITED ! 
yay ! one year of marriage down ... and many life times to go :) 
Ok tomorrow is < PROPFIRST>' official weigh in . This will determine weather or not he will be able to take the asvab . Wish him luck . He has worked really hard . If he makes it a celebration is in order . Super fries anyone ? 
Well < PROPFIRST > passed the weigh in ! Tomorrow is the Asvab ! Wish him luck guys ! If he does really well he will get a kick ass job in the airforce ! 
* UPDATE * < PROPFIRST > did extremely well on the test . He killed electronics . and the recruiter said he qualifies for 99.8% of the jobs !!!!! WTF !!!!! THATS MY BABY ! So proud ! :) !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
So im watching Halo Legends on Netflix ... Terrible ... just terrible . 
Great dinner and great cake . Happy \Burffday\ " to < PROPMALE > Bracamontes ! Thanks for inviting me ! " 
Hardcore diet and work out starts today ! Time to stop being lazy and hungry ! 
Its so hard to diet when your the only one doing it ... 
YOU STRAIGHT TRIPPIN !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I've lost my husband to yet another project ... When he has something on his mind i either have to be apart of it , or i don't exist . All im asking for is love ! 
looks like i dont have a phone anymore .... 
There is one thing that has never let me down ... Chocolate .... 
i have a chocolate hangover 
you 
Whats the record for longest stomach growl ?... \ 
\ 
I think i just beat it ... 
Uuuhggg i now know what its feels like to be truly hungry ... stupid diet ... 
So i've pretty much lost a pound a day . If this keeps up ill at my goal in 28 days ! WAHOOOOT ! 
Its about 11:30 pm and i have the sudden urge to go for a long run ... Very out of character of me . 
but its too cold to get out of bed :( 
BAM ! 10lbs gone :D 20 to go . 
omg < PROPFIRST > made a bomb symphony bar ice cream ! 
i hate listening to hypocrites 
So this is the enlistment process \HURRY UP AND WAIT\ " ... blahhhhh This is dragging . I want my house to decorate already :( " 
Ok just found out our < PROPMALE > in Japan is aye OK ! Thank God ! 
15lbs down , 15 to go ! 
Funny how 10 of my FB friends suddenly find out they are pregnant on April 1st :P 
The husband went hunting for the weekend . I miss him so much already :( 
YAY MY BABY IS HOME ! 
