wow ... facebook ... took me long enough 

my stomach feels funny , haha , i laugh at pain 
i don't like getting up in the morning 
i have no sympathy what so ever for the wasp i just killed 
I am an Impatien 
I back ! Blahhhhhhhh . 
< PROPFIRST > meet my son , Lazy Jr. , < PROPMALE > , meet my old friend and client < PROPFIRST > . 
boating really wears you out 
I to get up EARLY tomorrow ... I'm gonna diiiieeee 
I just found someone who i have been trying to contact for YEARS !! I an kinda excited . tehe 
poohy I still have to finish my homework ... hmp 
Wow ! I forgot how much school wears you out . 
I don't want to go to bed , but I know i should ... hmmm ? 
Today is one of those days when you just don't feel like doing anything except sitting around 
don't you love it when you overcome you fear . :) 
It's so fun when your all alone at home , just blasting your music away . 
GIDDY !... is that a good or bad thing ( said the liar ) 
cold 
It is so fun to talk to people by chatting when they are sitting right next you ... 
There has been this deer that has been hanging out in our back yard for a few days now , it's kinda weird but kinda cool ... 
Don't you hat it when there is one thing you want to eat , but you have to do so much to get it that you just stick with whatever you have . 
What do I do !!!???? you know when you what to do something but then you find some excuse nit to , I hate it when I do that . 
today has been weird , my cat was run over , by my mother , and there is dog poop sitting on my back porch , and i am too grossed out to do anything about it ... what next ? 
I went swimming with \Gentle Giants\ " :D " 
PSYCH ! TIME !!! 
Lady Gaga is do weird but awesome ! 
Badminton can really wear you out ! 
Keish is awesome . 
My dad is burying my cat right now ... 
Are you ready !!!... to freeze tomorrow ? 
the play is finally over , now i can have yogurt 
I need a hobbie . 
I am hungry ... but then agaim i'am not hungry ... hmm which is it ? 
I'm not ready for the cold ... colorado springs ... brrr ... 
Don't you hate the taste in your mouth after you throw up ... blah 
I built a fire all on my own , and I am very prod of myself because of it . 
Can't wait for Christmas break !!! I think my brain is going to explode from all of this homework ! 
Just love the feeling of accomplishment after cleaning out your room and getting rid of all your junk !! 
I can count the days till Christmas on my fingers !!! 
It is Christmas < PROPFIRST > !!!! So exciting !!! 
I offically love all of my Christmas presents !!! 
Skiing is hazardous for my life . 
Thor is so big and furry !!! 
Mondays are silly . 
I love being happy ! 
Got one pretty sweet haircut ! 
Just think about all the people in the who smell funny . 
I LOVE giant juicy apple pears !!! 
I haven't slept in 20 hours !!!! It should feel like 3 o'clock in the morning !!! And I'm not even tired !!! 
Anyone miss me ? 
I really want to walk to school ... but it looks kinda cold ! 
Guess whats on Sunday !!!!!!!!! 
boohoo ... I don't feel so good ... 
recovering from crazy week 
