I wish everyone more Happiness this year than the last . May we all be motivated and inspired to do greater things for ourselves and others ! Happy 2010 ..... 

Feeling bad for my neighbor ... A drunk driver drove through their house last night while they were gone . Lots of damage , and their dog is missing . : ( 
So tired of writing paper after paper . It makes me wonder how my masters program will be . 
< PROPFEMALE > is a bigger bitch than i'll ever have to be !!! 
My baby is finally gonna get to play t-ball . His career begins !! 
Hoping my sister figures it out . Time is running out !!!! 
Exhausted ! been a long day with the boys !!! 
Wishing I could relax for a while 
Feeling adventurous agian , gonna take the 4wheeler out in the Manzano's 
Missing you !!! 
Starting Abnormal Psych today ... Only 4 more classes to go and my BA will be complete . Im so excited ... Life is good !!!! 
Congratulations to all who have gotten to send their kids back to school !! Mine do not go back for 2 more weeks ... ughh !! 
Learing more than I thought about homosexuality today 
R . I . P < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > 
Hoping today is a better day ... Cant take anymore stress 
My little neice was born today ... < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > 7lbs 3oz !!!! 
Look out Tville ... Here comes trouble 
“Sometimes I'm confused by what I think is really obvious . But what I think is really obvious obviously isn't obvious ... 
I am so glad to be back in the mountains ... Signs of the season change already starting and there is even some snow on the ground .... So amazing here !! 
I have had too many < PROPFIRST > Dah < PROPFIRST > moments today !!!! 
56 degrees today ... what the hell ... Not used to this 
Good news today .. Dont needs rods but in my foot or leg . Hhealing good ... Will need surgery to remove ankle joint later on but start physical therapy in 4 weeks . Cant wait to walk again !!! 
49 degrees this first day of Fall ... Sounds more like Winter ... What have I gotten myself into ? 
FACEBOOK EXPERIMENT -- If you are reading this , whether we do or don't speak often , please post a comment of your first memory of you and me . When you've finished , post this paragraph on your own status ; you'll be surprised what people remember about you ! 
Driving up to Sante < PROPFEMALE > to see the Aspen < PROPMALE > ... Bet its beautiful with the season change 
Gotta love how being a good friend , and helping people out will get you shit on every time !!! 
Well Im off to finish another paper ... 10 pages to write so I have my weekend free .. 
Just got home from hiking ... Yes on my crutches . It was a great workout and felt awesome to be back in the mountains 
Go Dolphins !!!!! 
Yeah Baby !!! 
Blah Blah Blah Blah oh and Blah 
Rock the Ink Festival tomorrow ... Hopefully Ill get my first tatoo 
I am so getting addicted to these darn FB games .. If my foot does not heel quicker , who knows what will become of me !!! 
Baking cookies and carving pumpkins ... I love this time of year !!! 
Off to < PROPMALE > World .... Again ... I swear I live there ! 
Started physical therapy today .. 4 more weeks before I can even try to walk again .. This sucks so bad !!! : ( 
Ok my Farmville friends , I need some white picket fence to keep all my animals in !! 
Off to physical therapy ... Pray for good news please !!! 
Therapy was better this week ... Should be walking in two .... 
Off to the airport to pick up Jennifer .... Need some girl time !! 
Having such a good time with my girl .. Going to get my tattoo this week .. So excited 
Home from a great girls day .. Shopping , < PROPFEMALE > Garden , and best of all .. No kids !!!! 
I am now a human coloring book !!! LOL 
I JUS GOT THIS WARNING FR A FRIEND --> EVERYONE NEEDS TO BE AWARE OF THIS !!!!! HUGE VIRUS COMING ! Get this message sent around to your contacts ASAP . You should be alert during the next few days . Do not open any message with an attachment entitled ' POSTCARD FROM HALLMARK , ' regardless of who sent it . ... It is a virus ... w ......... hich opens A POSTCARD IMAGE , which ' burns ' the whole hard disc C of your computer . 
Sad my friend went home this morning ... Just me and my boys now !! 
Hey everybody , I sent out a < PROPFEMALE > suggestion ... Please help support my mom's new salon located in Titusville ... Thanks !! 
Heading to the off road park ... Gonna be a blast !! 
This will be my first Thanksgiving that I will not be with my family and friends cooking a huge Turkey dinner . I will miss you all very much , but I am grateful that I will be celebrating with < PROPMALE>'s family for the first time . Happy Holiday Everyone !!! 
Got the boys hanging lights outside ... Too dang cold for me .. Not in FL anymore ToTo 
Applying for a job with a childrens mental health facility tomorrow !! Wish me luck !!! 
Heading down town to the local radio station to sign a get well card for Dio ... 
Just Beauty Spa is selling $2.00 raffle tickets ! You could win $65.00 in services . Get a facial , manicure , pedicure or any other service they offer . Drawing will be December 20th just in time for Christmas . Get your tickets now at 1514 S . Washington Ave . Titusville . 
So mad right now !!! Just found an email from back in November stating I won 4 tickets to Sesame Street Live ... I entered so many contests to win those and could have taken my baby boy , but NO I dont read my email everyday .. STUPID STUPID STUPID !!! 
WOW . Had way too much school work tonight ! Im exhausted and think i'll be going to bed early tonight .... ZZZZZZ 
Well I thought I was going to be hiking again real soon , but went to Ortho taoday and it turns out I have to have surgery afterall . They wanted to do it right away , but cant do that to my kids so in a few weeks Ill be bed ridden again ... : ( 
Finally finished with my research paper . I am so ready for this much needed break ... WOO HOO . Havnt had a break since March 
It is snowing like crazy here !! Driving in it was pretty intense but I survived 
Wishing you all a Very < PROPFEMALE > Christmas & A Happy New Year !! Be safe <3<3<3 
Hope everyone had a wonderful Christmas ! Despite the fact that my family is so far away , this has been the most spirited Christmas yet . Snow on the ground , carolers , kids selling hot chocolate and I won a $350.00 Christmas tree at The Festival of Lights . 
Let it snow , Let it snow . Let it snow ! My first real winter has been more beautiful than I ever could have imagined . 
My teenager is going to be the DEATH of me !!!! 
I'm like a bird , I only fly away 
Tommorrow is the big day ! Surgery on my foot at 6 AM ... 2 months or so till Normalcy !!! So much for my sking career . 
I just want to say thank you to all my friends and family for their kind thoughts and prayers . I will definitly be needing them . <3<3<3<3 
OUCH !!!!!!! 
Black 
<3<3 
Pizza Pizza Pizza !!!! <3 
Please put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who is an idiot . Idiots affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for stupidity , but we can raise awareness . 93% won't copy and paste this , mainly because they're too stupid to know how to copy and paste . Will YOU make this your status for at least one hour ? 
I love my mother ! For all of you who aren't too proud to say thank you to your moms for helping you be the great person you are today ... please copy and paste to your profile ! I expect to see this many times on my < PROPFEMALE > ! Some people no longer have their Moms here to appreciate , but we can still say THANKS for their love . I love you mom ! 
Ok folks ! Retro week is over ! Starting now , post a picture of someone fictional that you think best represents your personality . Be creative . Copy and paste this so we can all play along ! \PLEASE SHARE\ " Make sure All Your Friends get the word and get their Fictional Character up ! This is gonna be interesting !!! " 
Just completed my Community Interview for my final Psych project . It was a very inspiring experience . One step closer to achieving my true passion !!! 
So excited I made the < PROPFIRST>'s List again ... It's so refreshing to know it doesn't mean the same as in Jr. High . 
Happy Valentines Day everyone !!! Going to eat some Chili Rellenos and watch Avatar .. Finally 
I dont think I can make it another 2 years !!!! Teenagers aggravate the $%#@ out of me !!!!! 
Its been a long week .. So happy for this weekend 
I am feeling very proud today !! I just got my grade back for the observational study I conducted as a class project and got a 100% . Now I just need to graduate so I can start getting paid for my hard work .. 
I embrace my < PROPFEMALE > to feel the rhythm , to feel connected enough to step aside and weep like a widow to feel inspired , to fathom the power , to witness the beauty , to bathe in the fountain , to swing on the spiral of our divinity and still be a human . 
Hey everybody ... My sister is looking for an affordable , yet reliable car . If anybody knows of anything please let me , or her ( Martii Woder ) know . Thank you , Trying to keep her out of the Buy Here Pay Here places .. 
I Welcome everyone to vote to STOP SMA in the Pepsi Challenge ( Please copy and paste to your status ) http://www.refresheverything.com/stopsma 
I cant beleive its finally here !!! Going to see < PROPFEMALE > In Wonderland tonight ... Mad Tea Party anyone ? 
I think my snake has some respitory problem . If any body knows anything about how to help with that please let me know ... =( 
If you have a wonderful husband ( or soon to be ) that works hard to provide for you and would do anything just for you and your family , then repost this as your status to give the honest well behaved men out there the recognition that they deserve ..... because great men are few and far between , and I have one ! 
Im so glad spring is here !! The prairie dogs are out , the plum trees are blooming , and the sun is shining . Life has returned to the south west ... =) 
It is such a beautiful day . Planted some Wild Flowers with Ryland , and now heading to the mountains for a hike . 
Heading out for a bike ride along the Rio Grande ... Man i love this place 
Feliz Cinco de Mayo Mis Amigos <3 <3<3 
The wind here has been unbelievable ... I feel like i'm trapped in a hurricane . It took out 30ft of my privacy fence and some shingles off the roof . 
Hoping all of the Mothers out there have an amazing ( spoiled ) Day !! <3<3<3 
What is it called when your Excited , Nervous and Anxious all at the same time ?? 
I like it on the kitchen table ..... 
Just got called back to film again tomorrow and Wednesday for the show Scoundrels ... It airs on ABC June 20th ... 
I really dont think that acting is the job for me .. My body aches and I feel hungover . Another 12 hour day today .. ughh 
Well my friends and family ... We are heading out for our first camping trip of the summer . Dont forget me while im gone .... <3<3<3 
Had a great time this weekend .. Glad to be home though 
I could talk about love , I could talk about hate . I could try and teach a lesson , but I doubt it'd penetrate ..... 
Im writing a paper on Racial Profiling and Arizona's new Immigration Law ... I need opinions on the issue so if anybody has one or doesnt have one , please let me know .. TY 
???? 
Two strikes against Albuquerque now . The very 1st night we got here someone smashed out the back window of my Tahoe . Last night someone stole our 4 wheeler right off the trailer , cut the cable lock and rolled it right out the backyard . My boys are crushed and Im pissed . They better just pray that the cops find it and not < PROPMALE >...= ( 
I just want to say that I have the best man ever ! He never stops fufilling my dreams . He arranged for us to go on a trip through the Manzano Mntns on horse back for my birthday .. Best gift ever !!! Thank you baby <3<3<3 
Had a great time riding today .. The mountains add a whole new meaning to riding .. Pretty sketchy at times , but still amazing .. thank you baby <3 
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes ! I have been a little homesick and should be watching Sex in the City 2 with my favorite girls today , but since I cant be I am still feeling very loved by all of you ... Much Needed <3<3<3 
I am feeling a liitle overwhelmed at the moment .. Something that started as me facing my fears , has turned into something a little bigger . I just got a call to be a stand in for the show Scoundrels . I dont know all the details but it is very exciting ! 
Thinking about trading in my Tahoe and buying a Jeep , cant climb rocks by foot anymore so I might as well use wheels ..... 
100 degrees today ..... So hottttt 
Heading out for some wings and the UFC fight .... Sure to be a good one ! 
I love Sunday family time ... Taco burgers and Putt Putt golf , I look forward to these nights even when my kids are grown <3 
Toy Story 3 and Dirt bike races ..... Awesome day !! 
Had a wonderful day in the mountains today . Planned our trip to the Four Corners for < PROPMALE>'s 40th Birthday !! Happy Fathers Day !!! 
Had an amazing vacation , but glad to be home ! Experienced some wonderful things this week and can only hope the boys gained some appreciation for the beautiful things we saw . Now its crunch time ... Back to school work ... =) 
Fianlly ... Finished my paper and now time to get ready .. Rob's birthday continues with RUSH .. Im so excited this is my first time seeing them and it will be at the new Hard Rock in Albuquerque . First event since it opened =) 
Well the orthopedic informed me that there isn't much more they can do for my foot .. I guess Ill be walking like a duck from now on ... when I graduate you all we officially be able to call me a QUACK .. LOL 
Had an amazing day at the waterfalls and fishing .. Beautiful fire work show too ... Hope everyone had a great time . HAPPY 4TH ******* 
Ryland is so sweet .. He went and did the couple of dishes that were in the sink , I sadi thank you for helping me I need it sometimes . He said \Well how about I just do them all from now on\ " .... Lets hope it lasts .. His sweetness that is <3<3<3 " 
Ryland finally told his first joke .. he has been making up crazy things for months . \ 
Knock Knock , who's there , Alley , Alley Who , Alley Gator is coming to get you ... It was so cute ! <3 
Well another paper finished , but once again no time left for ME ... There is always tomorrow .. Sleep well Friends 
I guess i will be bogged down in stem cell research for the next few days .. If anybody has any opinions it will be greatly appreciated . 
Thank you all who gave your opinions on stem cell research ... As a follow up , what are your thoughts on the government funding this research ? Feel free to email any opinions .. 
What an amazing night .. Just went into the foothills and I swear every < PROPFEMALE > was in the sky tonight . Looking down at the city you could see the lightning rolling across the lights ! Im so grateful to experience such majestic sights . 
Another amazing night ... There is nothing better than standing in pure darkness looking at the tip of the < PROPMALE > reaching up to thousands of stars *** 
Finally ... \The Expendables\ " ... Love Love Love < PROPFIRST > Stathom ... " 
Heading to Motor Madness .. Should be a great night 
started his dual enrollment program today ... I dont know whether to be happy or sad because he is one step closer to being on his own .. I can only hope I have done everything possible to make his journey through life the best it can be <3 
Finally getting to enjoy some me time .. Rob is working and both boys are in school .. Now if I could just get the dog to stop following me around I would be great !! 
Im feeling very relieved today .. I will finish my elective courses on Monday , and Tuesday I will start my Applied Behavioral Science courses .. 30 credits to go and a 16 year goal will be accomplished =) Took me long enough 
Its going to be a great day .. My little man is 5 years old . According to him , He is officially a grown up !! 
Feels so good to be home .. Im going to have to sneak < PROPFEMALE > in my < PROPFEMALE > on bag when I leave !! 
Its great to be home and the weather is amazing . Im so glad I got to see so many of my dear friends and love on my little neice !! Now its back to reality , but I missed my boys so much so it will be well worth it ... Thank you all for showing me a great time ! 
Well its official .. My heart is truly broken . Ryland informed me this morning that it is embarrasing when I kiss him in front of his classmates . I was told if I want a kiss , I have to get it in the truck before class =( I thought I had a few more years ?? 
Men will never understand us , but they have to have us !! How fun is that ?? 
I have always been a very strong woman but I think Im gonna lose it .... I am definitely being tested these days and Im not so sure Ill make it .. 
I am not your Autumn Moon .. I am the Night .... 
Getting our first snow .. Its cold but beautiful 
Took Ryland to his first Monster jam last night and he loved it ... It was a good show and nice family time .. 
Had a great turkey dinner with Ryland and his class today .. I should be good for another week .. 
Ryland finally rode his bike without training wheels thanks to big brother Cody .. Such a big moment for him !! And me too ... =) 
I want to be home so bad right now !!! 
What a beautiful day for a 6 hour drive !!! 
Ready to get Turkey wasted !!! 
I think I have a new best friend ... Seafood gumbo , Stuffed Mushrooms , Bananas < PROPMALE > , & Margaritas on the menu .. Thank you Chef Brunnet !! 
Driving up to Pikes Peak .. please pray I come back in one piece !! 
Feeling very proud of my son today .. He is finally making good decisions for his life !! 
If life was only like the movies !!! 
Where is Ziggy ?? 
My poor baby is going to turn into a peanut butter and jelly sandwich ... So much food in this house and that all he wants to eat . 
If your Mom is or was your HERO , your BEST FRIEND or just the BEST Mom ever ... If you are blessed to still have your Mom or if she is an angel in heaven watching over you , paste this to your status and let everyone know you are proud of your Mom and that you love her dearly . You can replace a lot of people in your life ,... but you only have one Mom . Love you and always thinking about you Mom I LOVE YOU MOM !!!!!! 
Today should be a great day .. Ill be moving from the bed to the couch .. LOL 
Just cant stop smiling !! =) 
Feeling really good today .. Just in time to meet my favorite guy at school for a Christmas party ! 
Oooh Baby Baby ... la la la la la la la .. I wanna dance =( 
Ryland saw the < PROPFEMALE > Secrets commercial last night .. LOL He said mommy can I get that movie please , please ? Oh Lordy Im gonna have my hands full !! 
Really need to finish my paper .. Just cant seem to concentrate today ... Focus Focus Focus ! 
Ryland's concert was so adorable and the teachers were very generous with gifts . They served Pozole and Tamales for lunch .. Wish you could have been here Mom .. Ill post a video for you xoxox 
Finally !! Just turned in my first case study but have to wait a week to see if I know what the hell Im doing .. Now a 2 week break from school and I dont know what to do with myself .. 
Im asking all my friends to say some prayers for a close family friend . She woke up early this morning with a headache and apparently has an aneurysm . She is now on life support and has been flown to The Mayo Hospital . She is in critical condition and all the prayers are greatly appreciated !! 
My little guy is so Amazing !! He told me that he would give up all of his gifts so that < PROPFEMALE > could bring me special shoes so that I can run fast with him and not be in pain anymore !! I love how Ryland has such a big heart and is thoughtful of others ! 
Thank you to everyone who prayed for my friend .. The doctors have stopped the bleeding and while it will be a long road to recovery , things are looking GOOD !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas Everyone !! Its been a blessed day so far ! 
I think I'm addicted to < PROPFEMALE > Cane Hershey Kisses <3 
Its official .. Driving in the snow SUCKS !! I did fine until I spun around pulling in my driveway .. Scared the crap out of me .. Time to trade in the Tahoe for a Rubicon !! 
SO OVER IT !!!!! 
•° *”˜˜”* °• . ¸ ? ? ? ¸ . •° *”˜˜”* °• . ¸ ? \ 
?????????????? ? ? ? \ 
?????????????? ? ¸ . •° *”˜˜”* °• . ¸ ? \ 
?????????????? ? NEW YEAR ? 2011\ 
????????????? ????????? ?? 
I desperately need a DO OVER !!!!!! 
The homeless go without eating . The elderly go without medicine . The mentally ill go without treatment . Troops go without proper equipment . Veterans go without benefits that were promised to them . Yet we give billions in tax breaks to the wealthiest 2% of Americans - those who need it the least . If you think this is profoundly wrong , please re-post this message as your status update . 
When I was younger , I would make funny faces in the mirror . Now that I'm older .... the mirror is getting even ... I HATE that mirror !!!! 
Saturday nights sure aren't what they used to be !!! 
Fotball and Porn .. what a combination ..... 
My little guy is so sick .. He thinks he is dying .. It breaks my heart to see him this way =( 
JACKWAGON !!!!!!!! 
What a long day ...... 
Goodbye orthopedic boot ... Hello leather !! Oh how I've missed you ... 
Sheesh .. I cant sleep AGAIN .... zzzzzzzzz Please ???? 
So Ryland made my day once again .. The dog was following me around and Ryland says its because Im beautiful ... Love him <3<3<3 
You would think that people would stay home in this nasty storm ..... Accidents left and right around here . 
I just realized Im graduating in 6 months .. It has been a long journey , and it will be the beginning of another long journey , but I am determined and so very excited !! 
Im pretty impressed with how the NFL is making things right with those who lost their seats to the Super Bowl . Refunding Triple the ticket cost and free tickets to next years Super Bowl is pretty good in my book . 
Every part of my being is worn down .... I'm officially broken \ 
Hope you learn something out there cuz I'M DONE !!! 
I love my new phone .... don't know why I waited so long 
Watched Inception last night .. What an amazing movie ... For those of you who haven't seen it yet , you should definitely check it out ! 
What a beautiful day .. No jackets , gloves or scarves ... Could almost start tanning . 
Signed Ryland up for soccer today ... of course he had to have the ball and cleats with flames . 
Perfect night to bring the telescope out and Google Sky Map of course 
What a finish ... way to go rookie !!! 
Finally starting to understand this Public Policy crap .. Doesn't mean I am anymore interested though . 
< PROPFEMALE > I was Drunk !!! 
8 days and a wake up !!! Its gonna be a great trip .. Providing I can please Everyone ! 
I cant remember who , but someone gave me a Chorizo Chili recipe a while back and I cant find the email .. If you happen to see this post Could you maybe send it to me again ?? Thank you !! 
Can't wait for that good ole Florida weather .. It's so cold today !! 
Heading to Ryland's 1st soccer game ... He is so excited . Go Dragons !! 
3 more days .. and now the sleepless nights begin .. So excited !! 
2 weeks worth of research papers complete .. Time to pack =) 
