umm , where did 2009 go ? I hate how time flies faster the older you get . 

Even though 2009 wasn't perfect , I can still look back & appreciate every moment of it . Thank you to all of my friends & family , you guys truly made this year one to remember :) 
Good news ! I thought today was sunday meaning only one day of freedom left ... and its saturday !!!! WOO ! haha 
is going to her nieces 3rd birthday party today ! :) 
what a long day , ahhhh . 
who ever wants to come to my birthday party on the 28th just let me know ! 
nervous for tomorrow ... 
my neck hurts ... ahhh . 
I can sleep in tomorrow ! YAY ! 
I am bored to death . 
DISCO PARTYYYY ! woohoo ! 
hey SRO peeps ! anyone up for disneyland tomorrow ? or friday ? 
going to visit grandma in the hospital . 
happy fourth of July ! 
anyone free tonight ? I feel like renting a movie & hanging out . 
I had to say goodbye to my brother , his wife & kids tonight . Tomorrow they are heading back to Tennessee , I'll miss you guys ! 
I wanna break out of these walls & get somewhere . 
I have a VERY LONG rehearsal tomorrow , not really excited about it . 
never wants to be narrow minded . 
had a very strange day . 
my grandma died this morning ... not fun . 
You think I would be REALLY tired after doing two shows today , but I can't fall asleep ! 
last day of footloose , I'm going to < PROPFEMALE > every-moment of it . 
I'll miss everyone in the cast of footloose so much . 
hanging with < PROPFEMALE > :) 
babysitting her niece & nephew :) 
hopes she can go to the bonfire tonight ! 
spent the whole day with my beautiful nieces < PROPFEMALE > & Taegan , I love them so much :) 
going to see thoroughly modern < PROPFEMALE > tonight with < PROPFEMALE > & < PROPFEMALE > :) 
had fun catching up with some old friends :) 
hanging with the whole fam tonight . 
so much for the good mood ... 
lunch with < PROPFEMALE > :) YAY ! 
Gone on my family vacation to Big Sur ! ( I'll be back August 8th ) 
I'm finally HOME :) 
It's official I'm hooked on tea . 
had her first guitar lesson today ! :) 
went school shopping today ! 
irvine spectrum with < PROPFEMALE > !!!!!!!! 
dland tomorrow ! YAY ! 
movie night with < PROPFEMALE > ! 
disneyland with < PROPMALE > & < PROPFEMALE > :) 
rented 17 again off itunes , pretty cool huh ? 
beach day tomorrow !!! can't wait ! 
had so much fun with < PROPMALE > tonight :D 
just watched the sadist movie EVER . 
studying my script for this play I'm in . rehearsals start tomorrow ... 
guitar lessons ... then straight to rehearsal . busy day . 
got a hair cut :) 
is wishing she had a pool ... 
got back from a cool say at the beach ... ahhh . 
nothing like a bowl of chocolate chip ice cream on a hot summer night , yumm . 
just got back from school shopping & seeing 500 Days of Summer , i loved that movie ! 
off the < PROPMALE>'s going away party ... 
is taking her drivers < PROPMALE > online ... finally . ha . 
had a great day & finally got to < PROPFEMALE > with < PROPFEMALE > ! :D 
had the BEST beach day with < PROPMALE > , ever . now off to dland ! 
praise band rehearsal ! :D 
has a new widescreen TV at her house ! :D 
last day of freedom . :( 
first day of school was BLAHHHH . 
this is bad ... I can't sleep . I might just be a zombie at school tomorrow . 
ahhhhh homework . I'll never get used to you . 
its the WEEKEND !!!!!!!!!! YAY ! 
VMA\S tonight ! I'm excited ! woo . " 
ewww homework . 
i actually like the excuse to do my AP studio < PROPMALE > homework ... i can almost forget I'm doing homework . 
off to backpacking for the weekend !!!! :D 
its official . i need a tutor for geometry . aghhhh . anyone wanna help me ?!?! 
off to guitar lessons ! even though i had NO time to practice all this last week . 
tonight was SO fun :) wooo ! 
the dance was so much fun !!! ahhh this is a great weekend :D 
aghhh great , i have a sore throat . i don't want to get sick !!!! 
aghhhh I'm sick ! :( 
ahhh I LOVE late start !! :D 
haha i love watching the office :) 
off to try out for southern California's high school honor choir . wish me luck :) 
I can't stop smiling , my braces are finally OFF !!! :D 
BLAHHHHHHH . 
yay for fridays ! 
this is random but ... does anyone know what show SRO is doing this summer ? I'd like to know ! 
going to see Fame with < PROPFEMALE > today ! 
I loved the movie FAME ! it totally inspired me . 
had the whole night to herself ;) 
going to < PROPFIRST > D's with < PROPFEMALE > & < PROPFEMALE > for lunch :) 
had an amazing rehearsal with some of her amazing friends and made amazing < PROPFEMALE > together . 
i hope this crazy week gets better . 
singing for the mayor prayer breakfast tomorrow morning with my friends , its gonna be awesome . 
had the BEST time at homecoming !!! 
I'm so happy i asked now . what a relief ! 
thumbs up for < PROPFIRST > swift :) 
just wrote a very long birthday card for someone very special :) 
is a little sad ... 
I FINALLY got my Halloween costume , tomorrow's gonna be a blast :) 
thespacebarisbrokenonmycomputerskeyboard !!!!! aghh 
Rollabout competition tomorrow for musical theater ... wish ... me ... luck :) 
going to highschool musical at olu tonight with the zumbecks ! 
My family finally got a new keyboard !!!! Ahh I'm happy . Now my updates won't look so retarded . 
no school tomorrow ! anyone want to < PROPFEMALE > out ?? 
trying to pick out the right christmas song to sing . hmmm ... 
ahh i love singing for church :) 
AGH , I have too much homework . I dislike mondays . 
I now have a new niece to love :) 
today is my last day being at school til after thanksgiving break ! YES ! 
i have a 12 hour rehearsal in LA tomorrow for all-state choir . ahh . on the bright side , i get to miss school tho ! 
ahhh this was a LONG day of rehearsal it was hard work , but it definitely was worth it :) 
Today , I have another rehearsal is LA , then later we perform , then my mom and I drive to the airport to leave for Tennessee ! I'm SO excited !!! 
I'm loving tenessee ... its beautful here & my neices seriously are the cutest little girls in Nashville :) 
Had another great day in Nashville , I seriously love this place . 
I ended up doing nothing today in tenessee , my sister-in-law was sick and we couldn't leave the house for various reasons . On the bright side I got to spend some quality time with my nieces and I'm missed school as well ! 
I had one crazy dream last night ... it was about this organization taking control over the world . weird right ? 
I'm HOME ! And already missing Tennessee & the people there . 
Happy Thanksgiving ! Remember how much there is to be thankful for :) 
I just made myself some superb tea , yumm . 
in & out and movies with < PROPMALE > ! so fun :) 
homework time ! aghhh . 
late start tomorrow ! wooohoo ! 
district concert tonight aghhh . 
this was a great weekend :) It really inspired me to become a better version of me . 
I forgot how much I love December ! Everything about this month makes me happy :) 
vocal ensemble party tonight ! woo ! 
christmas shopping in the rain :) 
Tinsel's tonight ( EDHS vocal concert ) at 7 in the theater ! You should all come , I'm performing my solo tonight :) 
I just wanna SLEEP . stupid homework . 
One more day till Christmas BREAK ! wooo ! 
thespian party tonight ! 
had such a fun & crazy night ... now I just need to sit back a process everything . 
had a very enjoyable night with < PROPFIRST > , dinner , coffee , & a few good talks . Its good to have a brother like him :) 
disneyland day :) wooo ! 
BLAHH . I have too much to do in little time . 
Just got home from baby-sitting my niece & nephew . Where did this day go ? 
It's finally , christmas < PROPFEMALE > :) 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all and to all a good night :) 
Just got through seeing Avatar ... IT WAS AMAZING . 
2011 . Bring it . 
Why can't tomorrow just be here ... I can't wait any longer . 
black . 
I can't wait to experience something new tomorrow . this should be refreshing :) 
Little Women rehearsal = amazing harmonies . 
I am so thankful to have such a bubbly , talented , fun , and loving mother . happy birthday mom :) 
loves the rain :) 
Just saw Leap Year & totally loved it . 
What a bizarre day . Since when do we have tornadoes in california ?! 
I need a really great 70's song to sing ... any ideas anyone ? 
< PROPFIRST > Bowie is amazing . ahhh 
< PROPFIRST > Swift is starting to get on my nerves . I hope at least some of you can see through her . 
Had such a fun night at the car rally ... but it kinda ended in a pathetic note . I ran into a car window trying to scare my friend .... so embarrassing . 
Finals ended , school was just a half day , Little Women rehearsal was so fun & hilarious and tonight I'm going to a sleepover . I'm having a great day :) 
So I wanna do this Doppelgänger thing but ... what celebrity do I look like ? Anyone ? 
choir disneyland day tomorrow , so stoked :) 
Disneyland was so fun , there were so many hilarious moments ... it was a good night . 
I'm going to ignore the fact I have a butt load of homework and relax with some tea , yumm . 
The best part about the super bowl is the commercials . haha . 
the Bachelor is on tonight ! I think we all know who we want to go HOME . 
\No one wants to be an extra in the movie of your life . \ " Best quote ever . " 
Last night I experienced my first visit to < PROPMALE>'s . Chicken & waffles is actually a pleasant combination , you'll just have to trust me on this . 
what a perfectly wonderful valentines day , who needs a guy ? I've got amazing friends and family to be thankful for :) 
Who just had a dance party with her niece & nephew while her mom played piano ?? Ohh that would be me :) 
I'm looking on the bright side :) 
I'm going to the happiest place on earth with < PROPFEMALE > Mann ! woot woot ! 
too much to do in too little time ... I'm stressed out . 
It would be so much easier just to give up ... but something inside me won't allow it . 
Here it comes , a better version of me . 
Today it finally dawned on me that your can't let others get the best of you . It's just not worth it . 
I am so thankful to have such a wonderful sister in my life . I love you < PROPFEMALE > ! happy birthday ! 
I wanna go see < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland !!!! 
It's been a long week . I'm so ready for a new one to begin ! 
Where did the time go ? 
rehersal & the car ride home/dance party was extremely fun :) overall today was great . 
Had a long but successful day at FC festival , and their production of RENT was SO GOOD . 
Off to San < PROPFIRST > to perform for All State Choir . Wish me luck :) 
ahhhh all state choir .... lots of rehersals rehersals and more rehersals . 
All State Choir was one of the best choral experinces i've ever had . These past four days were so fun . I already miss San < PROPFIRST > and the amazing people I met ! 
Words cannot express how much I love the cast of Little Women . I had so much fun with you all and I'll will < PROPFEMALE > every moment we shared together . 
Well today started out fine . But ended terribly ... aghhh . 
ahhhh spring break has finally arrived ! Time to pack for Mexicali :) 
Mexicali here I come ! 
Mexicali was a life changing experince , I had so much fun with < PROPFEMALE > Drive and the little ninos there . But now I'm home feeling terrible . Gotta LOVE the stomah flu ... aghhh . 
I wish I could go back and do it all over again . I miss Mexicali . 
PRISM tonight at 7 in the theater ! EDHS themed choir concert of the year . You should go , its gonna be a awesome :) 
Watching Glee audition videos on myspace is extremely entertaining . 
Stuck at home working on my AP portfolio . ahhh . 
So ... who's not taking the < PROPFEMALE > test this year ? That would be ME :) 
So I'm kinda in a dillimia . I wanted to do this theater program over the summer but it goes into august ... and I'm busy then . Is there anyone who knows a good theater conservatory that I could audition for that ends in July ???? please let me know . 
Going to see the pajama game at olu tonight with < PROPFEMALE > & < PROPFEMALE > :) 
Looks like I'll be up all night ... writing a darn english essay . 
Is anyone else into american idol besides me ? ... just wondering . 
So I want to dress up as a celebrity for this party I'm going to ... who should I dress up as ? Any ideas ? 
Lets get this party started !!!! < PROPFEMALE > I'm on my way ! 
Had a pleasent suprise when my best friend woke me up asking me to go to lunch with her ! Thats what I get for sleeping in ... Panda Express for breakfast . 
Opportunity right in front of me , and the choice is all mine :) 
I just want to say how proud I am of EDHS Little Women Cast for getting nomiated for Best Musical for Cappies ! 
So I went to bed at eleven , attempted to fall asleep for about three hours and had no success . 
Party on a school night . heck . yes . 
Today I was told that I was a blonde version of Demi Lovato , it totally made my day . 
I LOVE getting hair cuts :) 
Just had the time of my life belting pop songs for three hours with < PROPFEMALE > o'connell . 
Disneyland with my niece & nephew ! It feels like I haven't been in forever ! 
School is a drag . agh . 
So I know I'm a day late ... but if you \like\ " this status I'll post something I like about you on your wall . " 
I'm posting this again ... because I feel like it . \ 
If you \LIKE'\ " this status I'll post something I like about you on your wall ! " 
Every year this happens .... I realize a few weeks before school gets out how fast the year has gone by . 
Five more days till I'm 18 . that . is . weird . 
Cappies tonight ! The march sisters are nominated for best ensemble :) 
Tomorrow is going to be a good day ... I can feel it . 
I'm 18 today :) 
The choir banquet last night was amazing . It definitely had its ups & downs but because I have awesome best friends ... my birthday this year was one I will always remember :) 
Last monday .... of < PROPMALE > year . YES !!!!!! 
\I look to the sea 
Its finally the LAST day of school ... I'm so excited for disneyland afterwards :) Today is going to be amazing . 
Its finally the LAST day of school .... today is going to be amazing . 
Just had some amazing Greek food . Be jealous . 
So I was looking at my account settings and under languages and my account was under English ( UK ) . I'm not really sure how that happened ... 
Leaving for Party @ < PROPMALE>'s tomorrow morning ! I'll be gone till thursday ! So stoked :) 
I'm 18 years old and I had my first driving lesson today . ha . 
Home at last . Party @ < PROPMALE>'s was so fun :) 
Off to see Toy Story 3 with the fam :) 
Excited for the beach/bonfire tomorrow ! I can't wait to spend more time with my Party @ < PROPMALE>'s peeps . 
4th of July beach day with the fam ! 
Off to the valley view fireworks , maybe I'll see you there ! 
Like this status and I'll tell you my first impression of you , what I like about you , what I dislike about you , and a confession . :) 
I never thought it was possible for a grown teenager to be tackled and beat up by three toddlers .... now I know to never underestimate children . 
Sometimes it's hard to say goodbye . But then you remember that everything happens for a reason . God has a plan for my life ... and this is part of it . 
bike riding & yogurtown on a hot < PROPFEMALE > day : priceless . 
aghhhh I CAN'T sleep . 
Is is weird that I like being home alone ? 
I keep thinking back to last night ... and I can't stop smiling :) I love march family nights . 
I love beach bonfires . Especially when you have great people to share it with . 
So I didn't think this could actually happen ... but I got stalked by a creep at disneyland . First , behind us in line for thunder mountain , then behind us in line for Tower of Terror , then I caught him walking behind me later on . 
I think there is a < PROPFEMALE > living in the planter infront of my house . I saw it today and when I looked in the bushes it was gone ..... strange . 
Ummm so seeing the movie Inception was quite an experience .... considering a girl in the audience went into shock during the credits and while exiting the theater I couldn't walk straight . 
Disneyland tonight ! My life is complete ! 
If you haven't gone to the < PROPFEMALE > Pit in brea yet , GO its delish . They serve some amazing mediterranean food . 
Well ... goodbye facebook . goodbye friends . see you all in three weeks ! I'll be on vacation with the fam . 
Greetings from British Columbia , Canada . I seriously love it here . I'll be home Saturday so see you all soon ! 
I'm finally HOME !!!!!!!!!! 
So yesterday I watched Jesus Christ Superstar for the first time .... and I loved it . End of story . 
yes .... I want to do it too .... So like this status and i'll tell you the first three things that come to mind when i think about you . :) 
In the end ... everything seems to work out with a little < PROPFEMALE > . 
And when the night is cloudy , there is still a light , that shines on me , shine until tomorrow , let it be . 
PARTY tonight ! wooot ! 
I didn't think it was possible to be so beat up from a day at disneyland . The back of my head is bruised & my teeth are sore ( don't ask ) . Each of my feet have blisters on the bottom of them & I have a < PROPMALE > rash on my legs . 
Leaving for mammoth ... at 5:30 am . yay ? 
goodbye summer ... hello senior year . 
Let me know if we have classes in common ! \ 
1- Y- Photography - Jacobson , J\ 
2- Y- U S Govt - Beckman , G\ 
3- Y- Vocal Ensemble - Peterson , B\ 
4- Y- < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > 4 - Wolf , B\ 
5- Y- Home-5 - Bellows ( soon to be Intermediate acting)\ 
6-Y- Musical Theater - Switzer , K 
Its too early to go to school .... 
more school tomorrow . shoot me now . 
Contemplating going to bed or not ... this headache is killing me . 
togas are surprisingly difficult to make ... 
I'm going to see Rosencranntz & Guildenstern tonight with < PROPFEMALE > & summer :) 
There's always something or someone playing music in my house ... 
It's too good to be true ... 
the bonfire party tonight ? well it was pretty much amazing . 
My day today is designated to the < PROPMALE > Brothers . 
Oh man , I am seriously exhausted .... JB wore me out . 
Well it looks like I'm going to be up all night .... doing homework . great . 
I probably should be memorizing my monologue for tomorrow ... 
I LOVE fridays/ assembly days . 
tonight is going to be great . i just know it . 
It's time to hit the dance floor ... see you all at the aloha dance . 
procrastination is a talent of mine . 
If you are reading this , even if we don't speak often , post a comment of a memory of you and me . When you've finished , post this paragraph on your status ; you'll be surprised what people remember . 
DISNEYLAND time :) tonight should be pretty fun . 
My ipod just broke ... I think . The screen is frozen & it won't respond to anything ..... I am so depressed right now . 
I feel so lucky to have a pianist at my leisure 24/7 .... my mom rocks . 
Off to disneyland ! I can't wait to party it up at elecTRONica . 
Why is October always a busy month for me ? 
I got drenched at school today without an umbrella ... and I secretly loved it . 
ahhhh ... WHY ?! 
I know this is a bit late notice ... but I thought I'd officially announce that my phone has been broken for about a three weeks now . I'm really sorry if you've attempted to text me in the past . Hopefully I'll be getting a new phone by the end of this month . 
aghhh essay I am finally done with you . goodnight . 
I love sorting though vintage jewelry . 
Going to a theater competion today for song as monologue , wish me luck ! 
I got a NEW phone ! But I lost all my contacts .... 
I'm practically not going to school today ! wooo . 
auditioning for spotlight awards . 
I'm seriously having a great week :) 
My pumpkin is carved , my costume is ready , halloween ... hurry up and get here :) 
partying it up at < PROPFEMALE>'s house :) heck yes . 
My brother jokingly accused me of being on crack today ( I blame it on the coffee ) ... but idk how I feel about this . 
We always thought we were stalking facebook ... but really it was stalking us - Summer Equitz 
Slept in till 12:30 .... I'm not really sure how I got away with this . 
Disneyland last night was .... AMAZING . ahhh this weekend was great :) 
ahhhh facebook you are < PROPFEMALE > distracting . 
One last day to bear until the WEEKEND :) 
Macbeth dress rehearsal today ... super excited :) 
It's good to be happy :) 
This up coming week is going to be CRAZY ... 
Now I know what its like to be on the Amazing Race ... and to win it as well :) 
I'm going to see < PROPMALE > Potter at midnight tonight ! Wooo ! 
This week has been a roller coaster of craziness . I can't believe Macbeth is closing tonight ... its definitely bitter sweet . 
Is super excited for disneyland tonight :) 
I'm thankful for this week off :) 
Christian Barbosa never sleeps ... idk how he does it . 
This days off to a good start .... lets see how it turns out :) 
I'm frustrated . I can't think of a song to sing for eldo idol .... any suggestions ? 
too ... much .... homework .... too ... busy ... not enough ... time .... 
Lets take a breathe ... jump over the side . 
Skate night at holiday skate . so fun :) ... I'd say tonight was a success . 
Let the rain come down :) 
It's really beginning to feel like christmas ... and I love it . 
GLEE christmas episode tonight . I know youre excited . ... yes I'm talking about you ! 
I'm giving in ... \ 
Inbox me a random number , and i'll tell you how I really feel about you in my status :) 
1234 ahhh where to start ? Macbeth with you was super fun :) I'll never forget the memories we made together this year ! I love you so much . 
12 I cant imagine my highschool experience without you .... I love you so so so so much . I couldnt tell you how I really feel about you .... because theres SO much I could say . You mean the world to me :) 
1234567890987654321 You seem like a pretty legit guy :) And we won the AMAZING RACE together ... so that automatically means youre a stud . haha . That night was super fun ! And I wish I went to < PROPFEMALE > dr. so we could < PROPFEMALE > more ! 
8 girl ! youre amazing my friend ! And I am so glad that we are in theater together this year ! You are such a sweet person and I love our little posse ... sexual nature . heck yes . 
09876543211234567890 I miss having a class with you ! I really do ! You are a fierce dancer and makeup artist ! You are such a sweet girl ... love ya :) 
Christian Barbosa calls me a n00b . I'd like to disagree with this statement . Back me up people ... look up n00b . 
Who wants a personalized christmas card from me ? Let me know if you do :) 
victory is sweet . 
Just finished reading Frankenstein ... such a depressing and brilliant book . 
I want to watch the meteor shower tonight !! Who is with me ?! 
look at the stars ... look how they shine for you . 
aghh headache ... not fun . 
tonight was brilliant . I love my crazy , supportive , and hilarious friends :) 
procrastination is my specialty . 
Had a blast ice skating tonight with my \thespian\ " friends ... haha . \ 
I cannot find my phone !!!! grrrr . 
It's good to know the truth . 
Caroling at a random strange christmas party with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > O'Connell and < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Cotton : we gained $20 . \ 
But let me tell you .... the bizarre and awkward experience was : Priceless . 
Tonight should be a good one :) I can't wait to have some quality time with three of my best friends . 
Rain rain rain rain rain rain and more rain . I feel like I dont live in California anymore . 
ahhh I miss having the house to myself ... 
It doesn't really feel like christmas < PROPFEMALE > yet . 
happy christmas ! 
rain on christmas = orange county snow :) 
time to memorize my pinkilicious script .... wish me luck .... 
I wish ... 
I hate it when time catches up to you ... this year seriously flew by too fast . 
I lost my umbrella ... I'm pretty bummed .... 
Whoever gave me this cold THANKS A LOT . ( cough cough < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > ) 
When you feel like your falling apart , your friends are the ones who hold you together . 
I just hate being sick . End of story . 
Whoever wrote the musical Starmites was on something .... haha . I love it . 
Lets just pretend I know what I'm doing .... ha . 
I don't know about YOU ..... but I'm super excited for tomorrow :) 
Ask me the question I want to hear . 
I'm SO glad we dont have school tomorrow . 
I watched The Neverending Story for the first time .... its a strange movie . 
huntington beach here I come . heck yes :) 
I'm done . With everything . Wake me up when its graduation . 
Say the first thing that comes to your mind when you think of me . GO . 
Oh my .... too much to do . too much to do . 
Tonight I experienced what it would be like to work at disneyland .... little kids asking for your autograph and to take a picture with you . I'd say opening night went pretty well :) Great job Pinkalicious cast . 
Watching a Very Potter Musical for the first time on youtube ... hahaha . 
Today was a good good day :) I'm going to miss Pinkalicious .... 
I feel like my life is rushing forward .... and I'm not quite sure I'm ready to go that fast .... lets all work together and slow down time , yeah ? 
getting chick-fil-a with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > O'Connell :) 
Just walking around the UCLA campus was an experince . The buildings are gorgeous and we walked by at least four acapella groups practicing . 
Life is sweet at the moment :) lets hope this lasts awhile . 
...... I need to get better at sight reading ..... 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > is always right . always . 
Tomorrow is my best friends birthday , saturday is winter formal .... lets just say this weekend is going to be amazing :) 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST>'s 18 birthday party = success . 
Winter formal is tonight . We are going to party it up second night in a row :) 
Props to < PROPFEMALE > Smith .... at winter formaI learned that whipping your hair back and forth isnt the greatest idea . My neck is killing today . haha . 
It's good to finally hear ... what I waiting to find out :) 
tonight just became .... a great night :) 
el dorado idol tonight ..... wish me luck . haha 
Time to get down to business .... AMDA essays ? I am finally going to write you . 
It's been another great night :) 
So both are on tv right now .... grammys or < PROPFEMALE > wars ? hmmm .... life is full of options .... 
It's probably the best valentines day I've had yet :) 
knotts choir day = win . 
It's a great feeling to be content :) 
saw I am number four , had a car dance party , and then hungout at bees ... it's what I call a successful night :) 
why cant things be simple ? 
bacon waffles for dinner ? partying it up at matts ? i think so :) 
Someone please just drug me and wake me up when the stress is gone ... thanks . 
KILL ME . 
I'm so happy its finally friday .... this week wasnt too fun . 
... I just woke up .... and its 2:24 ....? 
Closed-minded people will never discover truth . 
My much needed dose of disneyland is being taken care of today :) Off to the happiest place on earth . 
I've realized its extremely hard for me to have a bad day anymore ... and I dont mind this at all :) I've got a lot to be thankful for . 
thinking .... and processing .... 
I'm so ready to move on from today . 
When it doubt ..... just ignore it ? 
Spent the day with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > O'Connell .... I love that girl to death :) 
Someone said that my belt was as good as < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > today .... seriously an amazing compliment . Ahhh my day was made :) 
quote of the day : \I'm in like with you\ " - < PROPFIRST > Newman " 
These past two days have been a blurr .... ahhhhh . 
STARMITES picture night tonight :) 
turn smile shift repeat . 
It seems unreal thats its my senior year ... tonight was my last musical of highschool . So weird . 
\You must have been warned against letting the < PROPFEMALE > hours slip by ; but some of them are < PROPFEMALE > only because we let them slip by . \ " \ 
So happy :) It's been a good day . 
I've got too much on my mind ... too much . 
I had sushi for dinner :) it definitely was delicious . 
When things are looking down , I'm looking up . 
sadies tonight with BBB :) soooo stoked ! 
Here we go again .... for the last time . Its PRISM week ladies and gentleman . 
the truth is .... 
Feeling a little lost in the haze . 
Last PRISM night ... its strange to think I wont be in choir with the people I have grown up with next year ... time flies . 
spring break .... I need you . NOW . 
I had an amazing day ..... thanks to Mr. < PROPFIRST > Newman :) 
Sooo I met < PROPMALE > Elfman job shadowing yesterday . It was pretty awesome . 
Off to beach camp in Doheny with the fam :) Hopefully I'll get a tan ... 
I'm finally home after being at the beach all week :) It's been a great spring break let me tell you . 
This week has been perfect ... but I must say its making we want summer to hurry up and get here . Spring break is a tease . 
So I got accepted to AMDA :) 
Should I go to AMDA ( American Musical and Dramatic Academy ) OR Fullerton College .... I've got 5 days to decide . Any thoughts ? 
I'm so close to finally choosing a college . SO close . 
And this is when I start to regret procrastinating .... and begin to dislike senior projects . 
YES , ladies and gentleman I have my drivers test this friday . You'll see me driving the streets in no time . 
frustration . sucks . 
Ladies and Gentlemen : < PROPFIRST > Newman can drive now . Thank you to all who chauffeured us in the past . There will ( hopefully ) be no need for your assistance any longer :) 
I love waking up to a cold . agh . 
My bad morning just turned around into the making of an amazing day :) 
We create our own reality by our thoughts and the way we perceive the world . 
the clock is always ticking and time running out . so < PROPFEMALE > each moment and never doubt . 
I am so done with school ... and ready for the weekend . 
Got a haircut :) And rocking a middle part . 
PROM is tomorrow :) I'm beyond excited . 
I'm never thought I'd have to say this ... but my senior project speech is too long ? lol . 
Oh yeah ... public speaking is my forte ..... duhhh .... 
Pride makes us artificial and humility makes us real . 
Disneyland with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > O'Connell and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > . It's going to be a good night :) 
Watch your thoughts , for they become words . \ 
Watch your words , for they become actions . \ 
Watch your actions , for they become habits . \ 
Watch your habits , for they become character . \ 
Watch your character , for it becomes your < PROPFEMALE > . 
Everything happens for a reason . 
I need a job ... ideas anyone ? 
< PROPMALE > mis callbacks today ! 
my last week of highschool is this week .... its surreal . 
Thespian banquet tonight :) Hopefully i wont cry .... 
I finally have my license !!!! freedom is mine . 
Today was a blur . I cannot believe I'm done with highschool ... and that I'm nineteen . Time flies . 
Saying goodbye to the El Dorado stage tonight . I'm going to miss that theater and the wonderful memories I made there . 
Every end is a new beginning . 
I've imagined what this day would be like my whole life .... today I graduate from highschool . It's strange . 
Learn from yesterday , live for today , hope for tomorrow . 
You never know what it's like .... until it happens to you . 
Looks like I will be buying myself a macbook soon :) heck yes . 
Things might be looking up again :) 
If you focus on what you have , you will end up having more . If you focus on what you lack , you’ll never have enough . 
Who else has a sore thoat ? 
Going to disneyland in the fouth of july weekend craziness with Summer Equitz . Wish me luck :) lol . 
The pursuit of truth and beauty is a sphere of activity in which we are permitted to remain children all our lives . \ 
< PROPFIRST > Einstein 
The more you like yourself , the less you are like anyone else , which makes you unique . \ 
-Walt Disney 
It's one of those days when I wish I had a pool . I would kill to go swimming right now . ahhhhh . 
My feet hurt :( Character shoes were not made for people with arched feet . This is a fact . 
My dads car is officially MINE :) wooo ! 
For everything you have missed , you have gained something else , and for everything you gain , you lose something else . 
I want to see < PROPMALE > Potter . SO badly . 
I don't understand tumblr . It's a strange new world very unlike facebook . 
The song is ended , but the < PROPFEMALE > lingers on . 
I get my wisdom teeth out today ... aghh . 
Now I can say I have not four , but five beautiful nieces :) 
I really dont like pain . :( My mouth is killing me . 
Living is easy with eyes closed , misunderstanding all you see . 
All of you are crazy . < PROPMALE > Potter and the Deathly Hallows part 2 was brilliant . 
Picking blackberries and going on a walk by myself ? Best part of my day hands down . 
Many of us runaway from who we are rather than finding ourselves . 
Eh I'm kind of done with our galaxy . Lets all move to Andromeda . 
Knowlwoods & Captain < PROPFEMALE > with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > O'Connell :) it's bound to be a good night . 
I'm starting to freak out . My registration date for FC is on the 3rd .... there are going to be no classes left that I want to take . 
chipotle for dinner ? heck yes . 
I'm typing this from my new macbook pro :) ... After spending an hour at the apple store having my mom becoming best friends/hooking me up with the worker helping us . lol Pretty embarrassing . He told us he was a pianist majoring in music at biola ... and he happened to be cute ... so I was fine with it . Sometimes I love my mom for the things she does . 
\As soon as you stop wanting something 
Well ... I got my first parking violation at fullerton college . No head out parking allowed apparently . lol . I've been parking in that parking lot ALL SUMMER and have never noticed those small little signs with the small font . Grr . 
Everything is changing . 
I'm leaving for Nashville , Tennessee tonight :) I seriously cannot contain my excitement ... although I'm a little nervous to travel by myself . HA . 
Oh gosh here I go ... Like this & I will answer the following . \ 
1 . How old you look :\ 
2 . Rate 1-10 : \ 
3 . Do I like your profile picture : \ 
4 . First thought about you : \ 
5 . Best feature : \ 
6 . Would I ever date you : \ 
7 . Do I still think about you : \ 
8 . I call you : \ 
9 . I confess that :\ 
10 . Truth is : \ 
11 . I think :\ 
12 . Consider you :\ 
13 . Are you important to me : 
Well ... things are not looking up when it comes to me and Fullerton college this semester . HA . There are literally . No . Classes . Left . 
I <3 tennessee :) 
I'm coming home :) California here I come . 
Age : 7\ 
What I wanted to be : A veterinarian ( any job that works with animals really ) or a singer/performer . \ 
What I thought was cool : Playing tag with the boys at recess & being in the talent show at school every year . \ 
Something good that came out of it : Ummm I'm not sure about the playing tag thing but .... because I was in the talent show every year I was never afraid of performing onstage as a kid . \ 
Like this and I'll give you an age . 
< PROPFEMALE > trip with the besties . It's a good good day :) 
I start college tomorrow .... this is strange . 
If the facts don't fit the theory , change the facts . \ 
- < PROPFIRST > Einstein 
\The greatest pleasure in life is in doing what people say you cannot do . \ " -Walther Bageholt " 
The Shawshank Redemption . Go rent it ... it was seriously one of the greatest movies I have ever seen . 
That awkward moment when you forgot you knocked down the trash cans with your car last night and see random pieces of trash you forgot to pick up scattered across your lawn . 
Look at the stars look how they shine for you . 
My car has been making REALLY strange noises lately .... so now I blast Radiohead in my car every time I drive in order to cover it up . It works like a charm . 
Whatever you want in life , start today . \ 
Not tomorrow - today . \ 
Let it be a small beginning - a < PROPFEMALE > beginning . \ 
Your happiness depends on starting today - every day . \ 
- < PROPMALE > Lockwood Huie 
My 8 o'clock theory class was cancelled :) yay for college ! 
Pasta for breakfast ? heck yes . 
the best things in life are the simplest things . 
I just finished watching Pleasantville . I love that movie . Go watch it . 
I saw the movie Contagious last night and woke up with a cold ... 
Harmonizing with < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > on youtube ? So fun . He's currently my dream duet partner . Most definitely . 
My neighbor apparently thinks that its necessary to use his leaf blower at 7:53 at night ... and then a couple times during the day . Thats hard core front yard dedication right there . 
I love Disneyland & < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > O'Connell . There's nothing like hanging out with your best friend at the happiest place on earth :) 
My parents are watching some educational animal show in the other room .... and I can hear my mom talking to the tv trying to talk sense to the wild animals in africa asking them \share\ " their food . Iol . " 
I'm wearing my Starmites cast shirt to bed :) Oh the highschool memories . 
Today turned into a nightmare . Please pray for me . 
Why pursue happiness , when you can create it now ? 
I'm thinking about putting some of my artwork on etsy to sell ... thoughts ? 
So my parents just scared me to death blasting the surround sound while watching tv . The volume is so loud that our kitchen started shaking from the sound waves . I literally thought we were having an earthquake or something . 
Irvine spectrum with my long lost friend < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > :) 
