Oh ya if you didn't know i'm home ....... sorta ......... in texas 

Headed back to Utah Monday .......... finally ! 
Hey I'm back in Moab if anyone wants to < PROPFEMALE > out hit me up ! 
Hope Everyone Had A Happy Turkey Day !! 
Way to go Cougars ! 
Is Trying To Do 7 Days To Sexy 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS YA'LL FROM DOWN IN TEXAS !!!!! 
MWC - 1 PAC 10 - 0 Way Go Cougars ! Now Lets Go Utes ! 
MWC - 2 PAC 10 - 0 Good Job Utes ! Automatic bid for MWC ? I think so ! 
Wow can't believe it's going to be a white Christmas here in Texas ! 
Happy New Year ! 
\A Sense Of Humor Is The Ability To Understand A Joke And That The Joke Is Oneself . \ " - < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Fadiman " 
\Never try to tell everything you know . It may take too short a time \"" 
Just want to say there are still decent people out there and thanks to < PROPFEMALE > Friedman and < PROPFEMALE > Jacobs that took the time to come back and give us the license plate number of the jerk that hit and ran on us today I am very appreciative ! 
\If You Go About Life Trying To Be Honest < PROPMALE > You Are Going To Get Shot In The Theater\ " -My Grandma " 
Working 12-14 hours a day in a wind blasted desert is kicking my butt , why does college have to be so expensive 
Another day another dollar another sun burn 
Life Is A High Way ........................ And I'm Gonna Build It All Day Long ! In The Words Of My Good < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > \God Bless < PROPFIRST > LeDoux\ " He Made My Day At Work Wednesday . " 
Wind + Sand = Very Bad Day At Work With Sand Every Where You Dont Want Sand 
Kinda nice working only 10 hours a day . 
I find it amusing that the less work you seem to actually do at a job , the more you get paid . 
So today I noticed that because of what I do for work essentially requires me to stare at the ground all day that when I do finally look up i'm like almost surprised that the the sky is blue and its a really nice day . 
What a great b-day gift instead of having the day off i have to work over time on my birthday ...... I guess it will pay for my trip to Cabela's on saturday tho . 
Statistics mean nothing to the individual 
Trying to find the motivation to go work out . Its hard after working all day . 
Just bought a new Samsung LED TV , yea its pretty sweet . 
So I found out a long weekend one week means a short weekend the next . you still have to get the same amount of work done . 
Longest work day so far 18 and 1/2 hours ! making the Big Bucks Now ! 
Had to go to Clearfield and back today which made for a long day but it was all over time so that's a plus ! 
So this was a bit disturbing to me today and maybe i misunderstood but a United States military general was forced to apologize for making negative comments about the president . Then the the white house speaker said \he would pay for his actions . \ " Free speech ? " 
Honestly sometimes i really hate my job but that dang paycheck has a way of tricking me into thinking that dont . 
I smashed my finger pretty good at work today . Kinda blew out the end of my finger shooting the nail out the tip looked pretty gruesome ! But i got some sweet pain killers for it ! 
Lost over 10 pounds in 2 days , I am definitely working too hard . 
The Moab singles branch is by far the best summer singles branch there is , where else do you get to have church at the base of the second highest peak in Utah ! 
Crazy week and i think it will only get more crazy before the end ! 
Just because everyone suggests a high speed bail out enthusiastically doesn't mean it will be fun , hitting the water at 40 mph without proper technique hurts trust me . 
Singles branch Lake Powell trip was the best ! Wake bording , < PROPMALE > jumping , meteor shower , and blind man act at the < PROPFEMALE > so dang fun ! 
The Only Way I Know How To Decide , Is Get On And Ride . 
Ah its the start of the best season of the year ............... Football Season ! 
So I have this memory as a little kid watching road construction workers work on the road in front of my house when I lived in Monticello and thinking how cool all the big machines were . So funny thing is that I end up working on that same road in Monticello this week and the little kids that live there now come out to watch me . now if only I thought it was as cool as I thought it was when I was a kid . 
ROTHERSWEEK ... If you have a brother who has made you laugh ... Stuck up for you ... Drove you crazy ... Hugged you ... Watched you succeed ... Saw you fall ... Picked youback up ... Cheered you on ... Made you strong ; Copy and paste this to yourstatus !!! 
< PROPFIRST > Milsap became my favorite basketball player tonight , way to < PROPFEMALE > tough Jazz ! 
...... Our answer must consist , not in talk and meditation , but in right action and in right conduct . life ultimately means taking the responsibility to find the right answer to its problems and to fulfill the tasks which it constantly sets for each individual . \ -Viktor E . Frankl " 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
Watching your family make fools of themselves playing xbox kinect is quite entertaining 
Having a great southern Christmas break with my family down in Texas ! 
6 < PROPMALE > prime rib dinner definitely worth the 30 < PROPFEMALE > drive to mesquite 
Finishing a really good book is bittersweet , finishing a really good series of books is something more 
So Glad at least 26 Republicans put their money where their mouth is and voted down the Patriot act extension , now if only we could focus on getting the government out of other places instead of this abortion nonesense ........ 
At least 60% of our communication takes place nonverbally so it is no surprise that a recent study found that the intended tone of things such as email , text , twitter , facebook messages etc . are perceived correctly only 56% of the time . just some food for thought for all my facebook junkie friends . 
Lasik surgery today ! Wish me luck ! 
I CAN SEE ! Slightly better than 20/20 infact . If you are considering lasik I highly recommend it ! 
Got my new intake put on my truck ! Now its camping time ! 
