is heading out to < PROPMALE>'s in a bit to spend New Year's with some decent people . Rawr 2010 ! 

likes this amazing assortment of food at < PROPMALE>'s house ... Happy New Year !!! 
Jalapeno Popper Doritos .... SO GOOD . 
is watching Looney Tunes with some disheveled , sleepy kids who are all totally deprived of adequate rest . We're running on soda , orange juice , toast , and chips . The result is rather hilarious , I think . 
But you know that when the truth is told , that you can get what you want or you can just get old , you're gonna kick off before you even get halfway through ... When will you realize Vienna waits for you ? 
Something filled up my heart with nothing , someone told me not to cry . But now that I'm older , my heart's colder , and I can see that it's a lie . 
is almost done working on English for the day , then heading to Zildjian's for a while , then who knows ? 
is full of chocolate and caramel . 
Well , I didn't fall asleep till almost 6 this morning , and , trying to restore some balance into my sleeping pattern before school starts tomorrow , I got up at 10:30 . However , this ( combined with my sleeping habits of late ) has resulted in exhaustion that is literally painful . So , I'm off to nap till noon to take the edge off , and hopefully I can restore balance later ... magically . Have a nice morning . 
Well , I'm making progress on the paper . But responsibility leads to excessive worrying and stress ... as I've noticed over the past several months . Heed this , children . Make time for relaxation once in a while . 
I DO NOT WANT TO GO BACK TO SCHOOL TOMORROW . There are so many people I do not wish to see , so much work I do not want to do , and I will have to change out of my < PROPFEMALE > hoodie and yellow froggy pajama pants , out of which I have been living for most of this vacation . D: 
needs to clean some more . Yuck . 
is super nervous about re-taking her driving test . GAH paranoia ! 
nervous ... also babysitting later 
passed her driving test , but no actual license yet ... that's tomorrow morning . 
drove around a bit , went to Bobaloon's , all kindsa stuff . Need to clean , need to read , maybe a victory drive later ? 
wishes people would listen to her more . 
is mad that she won't be here for the 4th of July festivities . =( 
is babysitting the Wagner kids later ... and really wanting some Taco < PROPFEMALE > ! 
still kinda wants Taco < PROPFEMALE > . 
For those who doubt , Tweety Bird IS a boy ! 
should work on her homework . Gross . 
doesn't really want to go downstate in August . =( 
is jealous of all who got to see HP today . =( 
is comfy . 
is seeing HP at 2:00 . w00t w00t 
is excited for Watchmen and Coraline to come out on DVD on Tuesday ... though she hasn't actually seen either of them * hangs head in shame * , but read both of them ... so that counts right ? 
will get those pictures uploaded soon ... just for you , < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > . 
has new photos up ... they took long enough ! 
is probably going to paint her nails soon . 
is leaving in like twenty minutes ... probably should rest till then . 
loves Pieces of Flair WAY too much . 
is going out to Bichler's soon to continue sculpture work ... you should go too . 
needs to drag herself off of Facebook and change into dirt clothes . Yes , clothes for the dirt . 
thinks that a combined seven and a half hours of < PROPMALE > labor earns a girl a movie marathon , don't you ? 
is sore EVERYWHERE !!! After six hours of sleep last night , I really need a nap ... then a few more movies !!! 
is irked . 
is less annoyed now , and is having another movie night . 
never does anything fun anymore . 
stayed up again last night to watch movies ( < PROPFIRST > Darko and V for Vendetta ) and is planning on it once more tonight , with A Clockwork Orange and the BBC version of The Hitchhiker's Guide To the Galaxy . Maybe Blade Runner too , but probably not tonight . 
needs to finish watching A Clockwork Orange , and maybe nap some more ... 
owns at the Shuffle-y iPod game . No movie night tonight ... but sleep is good . 
is just chillin ' today , probably ... more movies , of course ... 
is probably going to have a really great day ... it's about time for a whole day of R&R . Reading , movies , Bobaloon's , chips and cake ... nice . 
just got back from Bobaloon's ... time to chill some more . Maybe another nap . And the best part : leftover hummus from the meal ! Yummo ! 
just ate limes and wants to watch Drake and < PROPMALE > . 
is really tired and just ate stringcheese . 
accidentally became a fan of Demi Lovato ! Gross ! Must fix !!! 
just un-fanned Demi . l * sigh of relief * 
is totally broke ... but doesn't want to take more money out of the bank . 
wants some Sour Gummi Worms ... but limes will suffice . 
lost the game ... 
is going to the library later ... then the Arts Center . 
hates when her senile cats meow obnoxiously ( nonstop ! ) before everyone is awake ... and is starting to dread her impending wisdom teeth removal next month . 
dropped one of her contact lenses while she was putting it in her eye ... and now it is nowhere to be found ! No doubt it will turn up tonight , all dried and crusty . 
is making some hot delicious ( non-Campbell's ) chicken noodle soup ... is anyone else freezing ? 
would like some book recommendations . 
doesn't know . 
needs to go buy more needles , and hope that at least one sewing machine will keep working . 
is making the most of the brief lull in the hectic storm of today . (\Making the most of \"= putting Metallica on the iPod and trying to remember the whole Team Rocket catch-phrase thing ... ) " 
made a pretty good haul at the < PROPMALE > fair . 
is going on a bike ride soon ... does anyone want to come ? 
won't go on a bike ride after all , but it is lovely when it's rainy and < PROPFEMALE > at the same time . 
is really going to go for a bike ride today ... for real this time . Anyone else wanna come ? 
has come to discover the importance of pacing oneself during exercise ... bike riding for example ! 
LOVES LOVES LOVES < PROPMALE>'s salsa !!! 
wonders if anyone wants to go to the park for a little while ? It's really nice out . Call or text or whatever if you do . 
is stuck working on summer homework because NO ONE wants to go to the park or < PROPFEMALE > out in general . Come on , people . I don't exactly enjoy taking notes on < PROPFEMALE > Hamilton's Mythology . =) 
wonders if people would like to maybe head to the park for a while today since no one did yesterday ... if not that is okay , I have come to terms with my homework . XD 
loves interlibrary < PROPFEMALE > way too much . And is almost done with the section on Dionysus ... finally . 
wonders if anyone knows when we can get our yearbooks . 
wants to get out and do stuff . 
wishes this computer was not such a loser ... 
is annoyed . 
would enjoy doing something with people . Do these relentless requests bother anyone yet ? Discuss in groups . 
has 15 holds on interlibrary loan ... how very satisfying . ( As if she's not already drowning in books ... ) 
can't find her teal or black tank top ... she would like them for Senior Pictures : Part 2 today . Anyone want to go for a bike ride or < PROPFEMALE > out afterward ? 
is bored working on < PROPFEMALE > Eyre stuff ... curse you , < PROPMALE > databases ! Fail . 
needs to get out of the house ... but what to do , and with whom ? 
will take her dog for a walk soon . We could both use the exercise . 
needs a little Christmas right this very minute . 
is hoping to get quite a bit of homework done today . 
just ate a really great mozzarella-whole wheat tortilla-turkey quesadilla . Yummmm . 
thinks you should go to the park around 7:30 . 
is downstate , lovin ' big cities and the smell of hotels . 
is listening to Counting Crows . 
likes how they played \So Says I\ " by The Shins at T.G.I. Fridays ... " 
wants to chat with someone for like ten minutes . 
got a hat , a shirt , and three CDs , all for under fifty dollars ! 
is going to a Tigers game today in 93 degree heat . If you watch it on the telly , you might see the gang . Then it's off to Port Huron ! 
was off of Facebook for three days , and had 67 notifications . 
... today is gonna be the day that they're gonna throw it back to you . 
' s sunburn is between the painful stage and the peeling stage ... it's just really dark red and kind of dry . =( Gross , right ? 
thinks other people have more confidence in her than she herself does ... 
is overwhelmed and nervous and frightened by college stuff . 
goes \Rawr \"" 
hates emotions . 
starts to feel sick when it gets really hot . Plus there's the impending doom of the wisdom teeth removal in nine days . 
just saw District 9 and thought it was quite good . 
is wearing her train engineer shorts . =D 
just got angry . 
just got angry AND has nothing to do . D:< 
loves the smell of the produce section . 
is having the greatest lunch EVER . And ... it just fell on the floor , but THAT'S OKAY ! 
feels sick and lost a needle ... somewhere ... 
is going to Marquette tonight . 
is also getting the wisdom teeth out in a week . Scary ! 
is being healthy and listening to her body and not eating because she is not very hungry . 
wishes our mall had an FYE . Maybe it would start getting cool again ( as if it ever was ) . Maybe she would have a job . 
... I find it kinda funny , I find it kinda sad , how the dreams in which I'm dying are the best I've ever had . 
wants to < PROPFEMALE > out with other people . A little bit . 
wants to join a Scottish pipe and drum group and wear a sweet kilt . 
doesn't think her phone is going to make it ... 
has officially started the college application process . Aaaand just realized that she could have gone to see Trapt tonight , but forgot . =( Though she can sort of hear them from her house . 
got her phone to work again , though the fact that it stopped working for a while worries her ... 
is going to the fair today ... anyone else ? 
is going to the fair again tomorrow , hopefully seeing Smash Mouth . As for today ? Try out the bike now that it's fixed , go to the bank , go to Sidewalk Sales at the mall ... maybe get more homework done . 
is sooo broke . 
is going to the fair again today , and will probably go see some Smash Mouth . Who else is going ? 
is exhausted and cold ... but isn't bothered by either of those . 
wishes she lived closer to places with sweet concerts and theatre opportunities ... like Chicago . Or even Appleton . Note to self : Looking up concert/theatre tickets only makes one feel sad because of location and financial inability ... or lack thereof . 
is super full and feels sick . And she's trying to learn how to play the flute . Lol . 
is going to music theory class soon ... after that , she REALLY needs to crack down on homework !!! 
has to get four teeth chopped out tomorrow ... 
is going to go take a nap . 
is Internetting some more before an early bedtime . She has to get up at 7:30 to eat something since she can't eat in the six hours before the teeth removal ... not cool . 
is soooo thirsty but can't have anything to eat or drink for another few hours . 
wants to cry from pain ... and gnawing bloody gauze doesn't help . 
is hungry for actual food ... other than a few gulps of Slim-Fast . Like something salty . Oh well ... it's almost time to break out the heavy-duty medication , so morning will be sooner than she thinks , hopefully . 
is going to buy a huge bag of salt and vinegar chips and maybe some jalapeno Doritos as soon as she can eat them again ... and never more will she take such wonderful things for granted !!! 
is not in excruciating pain anymore . She managed to eat some pudding ... and later on , she will have some homemade chicken noodle soup ! Hurrah !!! 
is about to eat some nice homemade chicken noodle soup ! Yum !!! 
misses crackers . The only savory liquid food is soup . But the Zippy Chicken stuff at < PROPMALE>'s is good , or that lemon chicken rice ... 
is seriously going to keep complaining until she is able to eat real food again . About to try brushing the teeth ... lol 
just brushed her teeth without bleeding ! w00t w00t 
is going to the Bonifas to work some more for the sculpture at noon ... but she'll only stay for a few hours , just to be on the safe side . 
is tired , wanting real food . Meaning ... solid crunchy food . Oh well . Dinner will either be more chicken noodle soup or cheesy enchilada Hamburger Helper w/o the hamburger ... aka cheesy enchilada helper ? 
gets exhausted easily sometimes . 
is very nearly finished with her summer homework . 
ooooow . 
hates pain , and WHY DOES MY MOUTH STILL TASTE LIKE DINNER FROM LAST NIGHT ? I brushed my teeth more than once and ate other food since then ! Chicken stroganoff and rice is good , but not when the taste is lurking in your mouth from yesterday ! 
got the chicken stroganoff taste out of her mouth ... almost . 
wants people to actually < PROPFEMALE > out in the remaining week and a half ( approximately ) before school starts . Got it ?!?!?!? 
has music theory around 8:15 -ish . 
could probably put a pea in each of the holes in her mouth ... lovely , right ? 
doesn't want school . YUCK YUCK YUCK ! Too bad NO ONE EVER < PROPMALE > OUT THIS SUMMER !!! 
should stop whining and complaining ... 
thinks college applications should just fill themselves out . >:( 
is having one of those West Wing/Jane Austen/sleepy/pj pants/ice cream with chocolate chips days . It's about time . 
would like to go to Family Video and have a movie night ... but she doesn't really want to spend the money . What to do , what to do ... oh well . It probably doesn't matter . 
WON'T SUCCUMB TO FARMVILLE ! 
is . Just ... is . 
is going to stop updating her status just because she's bored . Promise . ( I hope . ) 
ate a couple cookies for breakfast ... not just because her parents aren't home . It's one of the only remotely breakfast-y foods she can have . Lol . 
is hanging around the day . 
... let me be your wings ! 
.................. 
goes \Ow . \ " As usual . " 
is ready to settle in with movies , < PROPFEMALE > Austen , and pain meds . Lol . 
obviously doesn't know how to gas up a vehicle , though she has done it before ... whatever . 
wishes things would just go the way they are supposed to ! 
is having a movie night with herself ! W00t ! 
is cooooold . Not that it's a bad thing . 
was working on the Albion application , and the supplement had a space to write about yourself with room for 3500 letters/characters ... there were 113 left at the end . Did I ramble ? Perhaps , slightly . But as the prompt said , \Creativity is encouraged . \ " Who knew applications could be fun ? XD " 
needs to start saving money for a laptop because she can't take this one much longer . Does anyone know of any jobs available that do not call for a person to be around food ? I know it is doubtful , but worth a shot . 
just wants her freaking mouth to be healed !!!!!! Really , is that so much to ask ?!?!? 
enlisted the help of small child to relieve the house of a bat . ( Flying , not baseball ... ) 
is at the library for a little bit ... Guess what ? I ate spaghetti today ! Breakthrough ! 
ate crackers for breakfast ! The first hard food in over a week ! 
wishes technology would just do what it's supposed to all the time !!! 
is chilling here ... and going to theory later ... how fun . School is looming . Ugh . Hate that thing . 
is trying to train herself to get up earlier ... especially now that stupid school is five days away . GROOOOSSSS 
is on the prowl for a cheap Homecoming dress . 
is planning on cleaning her room today ... also , she is broke , because she spent her last eleven dollars at Goodwill ... oh well . :) 
has discovered that she believes in the Green Party . 
Does anyone want to go for a walk or a bike ride or something ? It's very very nice outside . Call or text if you want to . 
needs to stop with the quizzes and get off of Facebook ! 
feels better because of sleep . 
is not QUITE so grumpy right now ... 
hopes she never succumbs to Farmville . 
Does anyone want to go to the beach/lake/park/something ? PLEASE we must do SOMETHING on the last day of summer ! 
DOESN'T WANT TO GO BACK TO SCHOOL . >:( 
is SUPER tired , and wouldn't mind getting chatted up for a bit via Facebook ... lol . 
is sitting at home ... just sitting ... doing nothing . Except maybe schoolwork ... urgh . 
is going out of town for the weekend . No Internetz till then ... oh well . 
is back home , with two more dresses and six more CDs than she left with ... 
needs to type up a thing for English , try and teach herself more calculus , work on applications , AND she's sick ... but Quiz Bowl can lift anyone's mood . XD 
is feeling slightly better ... but still rather under the weather . 
is probably the only person not going to the football game . 
is still sorta sick , and wishes someone would just tell her what she's supposed to do sometimes . 
needs to put more pictures on here ... but it takes forever . 
wants it to be Christmas time ! Which is why she is preparing early by listening to lovely CHRISTMAS MUSIC !!! 
is co-hosting a yearbook staff meeting at lunch tomorrow ... be there or be square ! 
is babysitting soon . 
thinks someone should take a nice walk with her or something to save her from homework ... :) 
likes the chill of autumn as the leaves rustle and float to the ground . 
wants to take a nice walk in the beautiful scenery later ... would anyone like to join ? 
is chilly , but it's not bad . College stuff IS bad , though ... and homework ... 
has half a mind to walk to the lake and watch the violence of the turbulent waves ... it seems fascinating and beautiful . 
is going to venture outside in a few minutes , when she is done with her college crap for the night ... homework can wait its turn . 
is at the library for like two more minutes , then it's off to the homestead for English homework ... that class is killer . 
hates annoying people , especially at the library , which is supposed to be a haven of quiet serene-ness ... for lack of a better word . 
can't wait for Where The Wild Things Are ! Maybe she'll go see it before she goes to the Homecoming game ... 
might go to the mall or something later . 
likes limes , and hates college applications . College is not supposed to lower your self-esteem . It's so hard to just sit down and finish them . UGH . 
is off to the coffeehouse soon , then babysitting , and wishing her iPod would work !!! 
UGH my iPod is not dead , but the contrast is way low , so I can't see what I'm doing or how to fix it !!! Does anyone have a solution ?!?!?! 
sort of wants to walk , but should sit here for a while doing English and working on the iPod . Oh well . Maybe later . The weather is nice though ... ugh . English is a life-force-sucker . Just sayin ' ... 
If you want to go for a nice walk before 5 or 5:30 , text me and let me know , fools . 
See kids , rainy days don't have to be gloomy ! :) Off to see Fame in a bit . 
has to concentrate REALLY hard on not dancing and singing as she walks home alone from school ... it's quite a feat , fo sho . 
might go for a walk in a little bit . W00t for physical activity . 
simply cannot remain still when music plays . Seriously . Just watch a musical with her or something , and you'll see for yourself . 
We are young , heartache to heartache we stand . No promises , no demands ... love is a battlefield . Hurray for < PROPFIRST > Benatar ... XD 
doesn't know what to write as a status update ... suggestions ? 
is doing college essays ! Help/save me ! OMG I LOVE CHRISTMAS ! And Quiz Bowl ! Also , I am listening to \Total Eclipse of the Heart\ " and I am wondering if I should see Where the Wild Things Are on the 16th or the 17th . Did I cover everything in my brain yet ? Probably not ... " 
is excited for a ) Chess Club at lunch tomorrow , b ) the weekend , c ) Homecoming , d ) Quiz Bowl competition in Marquette , or e ) all of the obove ? 
needs to embrace her inner assertiveness or something ... 
has been in a really great mood lately . :D 
is up for a conversation ... text or call or something if you wish to chat for a little while . 
I wonder how < PROPFIRST > can sleep upstairs ( I think ? ) while < PROPFIRST > and I are dancing around like lunatics to the loud-ish music ... 
a ) needs to find a black bandana , b ) has poor decision-making skills , c ) needs to talk about stuff to someone ... anyone ?, d ) is getting pumped for Quiz Bowl , e ) is excited about Homecoming . So ... yup . 
just realized how wacky her profile pic is . Also ... libraries are so nice and comforting . 
totally forgot about all the hilarious quotes on her profile ! Check them out , they will be continued eventually ... 
is done with English , so she need to find something to do to occupy her time for the next couple hours . 
thinks you should watch Channel 13 on Halloween at 8:00 and see the BEST Quiz Bowl team ever totally DOMINATE with knowledge , wit , and humor . 
is setting her alarm for a quarter to five . Yes , you read that right : 4:45 . So , please don't text her after about 9:30 tonight unless it's super important ... she'll need her sleep . 
I'm getting so pumped up , which sucks , because I need to be waking up in nine hours . But for some reason , I'm REALLY looking forward to tomorrow ! But when you think about it , it's sort of bittersweet ... my last Homecoming !!! But it will be super fun , right ? Right ! 
had a really great day , and tomorrow will be amazing too ! 
is waiting around to figure out when exactly she is going to head out for the afternoon/evening ... :D 
is going to Where The Wild Things Are , then back home to c < PROPFEMALE > e , then out to eat and just < PROPFEMALE > out or something , then to the dance . FUN TIMES , RIGHT ?!?!?!?!?! 
is sore and feels a little bit sick . Ugh , hopefully it's nothing serious . 
really just wants to cuddle up with blankets or something and watch Disney movies for the rest of the day . 
totally just slipped in her socks while dancing around her kitchen to \Summer Nights\ " . WHO WANTS A GREASE PARTY NOW ?!??! " 
has pretty much nothing to do after dinner . Let me know if you're bored . 
NO SCHOOL TOMORROW OR FRIDAY , PASS IT ON !!!! 
Well ... I suppose if anyone wants to do anything , I'm up for it , since we have NO SCHOOL 
Wall-E , salt & vinegar chips , comfy pajamas , chocolate milk , no school till Monday ... in the words of Mr. < PROPFEMALE > , \Life is good . \"" 
Domo arigato , Mr. Roboto ! 
needs warmth , cuddling , a fireplace , and movies that are either of the Christmas or Disney variety . 
LET THE WILD RUMPUS START ! 
Hey someone text me up , ' < PROPFEMALE > ? 
is hanging around . 
is at the library , and actually wants to go for a walk in the nice drizzle . Is that weird ? Probably not . 
wants to go walking later so she doesn't fall asleep . It is so lovely out ! 
is going to see This Is It at 6 , and you should go too ! Yay ! Then she's off to Sofie's! Yay ! AND DON'T FORGET TO WATCH QUIZ BOWL TOMORROW NIGHT FROM 8 TO 9 ON CHANNEL 13 !!!!!! 
found black gloves and some face paint , but no black and white tights . :( But hey , if you wanna trick-or-treat with me and Sofie adn possibly my brother , please let me know ! ( The number is 280-7902 ... ) it will be oodles of fun !!! 
totally trick-or-treated at Mr. Degrand's house ! Aren't you jealous ?!?!?! Up next : Quiz Bowl party at Mr. Lynch's room at 8 !!!! If you can't go , WATCH US PLEASE ! ( Channel 13 , 8 to 9 ) 
is heading to Goodwill in a bit , then finishing Blade Runner , and possibly going for a walk . 
is bored , as usual . ( Not complaining , just commenting !!! ) 
doesn't think it should be dark . Well , gotta finish with some college applications , work on scholarship stuff , finish Pride and Prejudice , do some Stats , and try to teach myself some calculus . FUN . 
thinks the eastern sky looks really really cool !!! 
is being bored at the library . If you wanna do something for a couple of hours , let me know , okay ? 
makes an awesome mime . 
thinks y'all should text her up to do something . Pweeze ? ( And yes , I DID just say \y'all\ " ... ) " 
mergh . Unfortunately there is school tomorrow . That knowledge makes today worse that it was ... complain , complain , complain . Whine , whine , whine . Eventually , I'll stop being so negative and self-centered ... but not in the next five minutes . 
WOW my perfectly horrid mood got ruined somewhat by the Broadway channel on the satellite radio . Time to go immerse myself in narcissistic negativity in the shower and bed . Mwahaha . 
is doing some AP English homework ... and it's not too terrible , for once . 
Remember remember the fifth of November , the gunpowder treason and plot . I know of no reason why gunpowder treason should ever be forgot . 
wishes unhealthy food was not so yummy !!! 
wants to go ... OOOUUUUUUTT tonight ! 
is done with Pride and Prejudice questions for the day , probably heading out later . 
is wiiild , wiiild , wiiild . Haha . 
Hurray for 80s music . Hurray for Christmas . Hurray for comfy yellow froggy pajama pants and fuzzy slippers . Hurray for musicals and power ballads . Hurray for books and enlightenment and Disney movies . Hurray for board games and the park and Taco < PROPFEMALE > . Hurray for cats and comfy blankets and rocking out . Hurray for being serenaded and Goodwill . Hurray for relaxation and long hair . :) 
can NOT understand how some people can just listen to music without dancing around or at least singing along ! Honestly , how is that possible ?!?!?! 
Wow , so I have \Hold On\ " by < PROPMALE > Philips stuck in my head . Don't judge me . XD " 
is struggling to stay afloat . ( Metaphorically , naturally . ) 
has the most unbelievably extreme mood swings ever . EVER , I tell you . 
Well , I plan on doing pretty much nothing today . Unless people decide to < PROPFEMALE > out . In either case , it's all good . ^_^ 
is going to fight her semi-boredom with Mean Girls and Hairspray . If you wanna do something , let me know , prease . ( Wow ... ) XD 
is going to clean at Grandma's house later , maybe borrow some sweet literature ( YAY !!! ) , maybe some Stats ( not yay ) , and then it's off to the partayyyy later ! 
LOVES CRACKERS . Yum yum yum !!! Off to the b-day party in a bit ... 
has officially begun the one of the most stressful and frustrating weeks she will experience this year . 
really wants to just go to sleep or do something simple like watching a movie . Oh well , too bad homework and play practice and the occasional necessary naps interfere . :( 
Quiz Bowl , pit party , musical practice , sleep like a corpse , and be grumpy at everyone again tomorrow ... which is opening night , by the way . 
OPENING NIGHT ! Be there or be square ! ( Or if not tonight , then SOMETIME in the next few days ... ) 
is chilling out all day till performance number 2 . 
is chillaxing , kind of . If anyone wants to join me later , let me know . And remember , it's true wherever you find love , it feels like Christmas . :) 
is an overemotional < PROPFEMALE > when it comes to movies . 
is not looking forward to the performance tonight . I definitely am not going to do very well . Be prepared fro wrong notes . And Monday night is a stupid night for a performance . Oh well , tomorrow will be better . 
is getting really emotional because tonight is the last night she will participate in a musical in her high school career . It's bittersweet . Expect tears . 
is ehausted and still needs to pack . 
is heading out soon . Happy Thanksgiving everybody . I'll be back Saturday . Don't trample any Wal-Mart employees . 
is wishing there was no such thing as homework and is dreading the return to school . Good thing I have all this Christmas spirit to boost my morale ! ( Also , I'm babysitting soon , so text me up if you wanna converse with me ... ) 
I'm a little grumpy , not gonna lie ... Part of this has to do with the fact that , after church , I will sit alone at home doing homework . What fun . But maybe , if I'm feeling better later , I might take a walk in the lovely snow , if it keeps coming down ... 
isn't going to boxing , so she can get some work done this afternoon , meaning ... free evening ! Let me know if you wanna < PROPFEMALE > out . 
I know I shall regret saying this once January rolls around , and strike me down now if you must , but I very much like the snow !!! 
feels dead . Someone save me with some sort of activity , por favor !!! 
has no homework tonight ( at least , nothing due for a while ... ) , and so she's making the most of her \day off\ " by ... sitting at home alone doing nothing at the moment . Sad . " 
HEY EVERYONE ! Don't forget to meet by the Christmas tree on 11th and Main after the parade for some caroling fun ! The event is now ( unofficially at the moment ) called \The Best Way To Spread Christmas Cheer Is Singing Loud For All To Hear\ " . BE THERE ! BRING FRIENDS ! AND BRING CHRISTMAS SPIRIT !!! " 
Today's agenda : Shower , read , do a Goodwill/Record Rack run , do some Physics/English so I feel at least somewhat productive , read , and probably go to Sofie's later . Oh yeah , and I have to watch Amelie , < PROPFEMALE > Borealis and Dazed and Confused sometime in the next few days . Not bad , not bad at all . 
There's more to living than being alive . 
is watching Anchorman at Sofie Berres's house . Stay classy , San < PROPMALE > . 
is working on Physics a bit , then hanging with Becca , and then probably joining more people . 
is feeling productive after writing a whole paragraph . I think that's enough for one day ,... at least , enough for me to go watch Christmas movies with the girls . 
Yeah take my hand , whoa yeah , to the promised land ... 
Brrr . Hopefully there's no school tomorrow ... I'm doing all my homework tonight so if we have a day off , I'm totally free . Good thinking , right ? Except this evening is gonna suck . I hate homework . 
finds homework to be a lot more enjoyable when music drowns out the rest of the world . Not that she'd ever call homework enjoyable by any means ... that would just be sick and twisted . ( By the way ... snow day tomorrow , prease ? ) 
So , my friends , on this lovely snow day , what shall we do ? A large snowball fight in the park ? Snow angels ? Snow forts ? SLEDDING ? Or shall we simply spend our day off enjoyably indoors , relishing warmth , pajamas , good movies/books , and hot chocolate ? Allow me to be your company , if it is company you < PROPFEMALE > , in whatever you choose to do on this lovely winter day . 
Would anyone like to frolic in winter joy with me , or just < PROPFEMALE > out in general ? Also ... is it weird/bad that I still eat snow ? I really don't know . 
Not to be a < PROPFEMALE > Downer , but I'm a bit on the bored side , so if you wanna do stuff , let me know . ( Seriously , I was CLEANING MY ROOM . If I do that , you know it's bad ... hahaha . ) 
is going out to babysit soon . Text me if you feel like it . 
needs to finish ( or mostly finish ) that Physics paper , then chill here at home . Unless she goes out later . Which would also be pretty sweet . ( Btw , it's nice sledding weather ... hint hint . Haha ) 
is having a one-woman movie night involving comfy pajama pants and blankets , chocolate , a < PROPFEMALE > cat or two , and chick flicks such as < PROPMALE > and Braveheart . :D 
learned today that one should always check the Pop-Tart box before they grab a package for school , because otherwise one may grab the kind that is unfrosted and not realize it till lunchtime . 
has an orchestra concert pretty soon . ( I'm not looking forward to the dresses though , haha ) 
just finished her last high school orchestra Christmas concert EVER . And it was pretty decent , I'd say . :) 
Well , I am always tired . And I dislike the fact that I get bored , but I can't help it sometimes . I am so stressed by English and college stuff . Certain people anger me greatly . Also , how sad is it that I bawled at that song in Chess Club today ? But I am willing to put all this negativity aside in the spirit of Christmas !!! 
sort of wants to succumb to the utter exhaustion/weariness that is working its way deep down to her soul , but is going to suck it up for the next two days , as difficult as it seems . She will then be able to sleep for as long as she wants , which is the stressed overworked teenager's equivalent of heavenly bliss . 
has a Quiz Bowl party/practice at 5 , then decorating the tree ... than maybe going to the coffeehouse for an hour , but probably not . What a day . 
Well , after a busy day including school , a violin lesson , 10 minutes of naptime , seeing Avatar , which was really good , and driving around/to T < PROPFEMALE > with Becca , I think it's time to go lay in bed with a book and some blankets and music . 
has written a little over 2 body paragraphs for her research paper so far . Time for a movie or a book and some warmth and food . :) 
I would just like to say how nice it is to be able to just chill and do whatever I feel like . You see , it pretty much NEVER happens . I promise I will never mistake free time for boredom again . ^_^ 
\Do you like my man pajama pants ? Please note the flattering shade of Christmas plaid . \"" 
Well , after church , some < PROPMALE > labor , and a violin recital , I think I deserve to curl up in bed and watch movies . Just as soon as I work some more on my research paper . 
Well , the research paper is currently almost 2 1/2 pages , and I think it's time to call it a day . Movie time ! =D 
Well , I just got a bunch of info about that potentially huge Albion scholarship ... and I am so freaked out by it . Seriously , I want to throw up from fear every time I think about it . But I will try to put it aside so I can enjoy The < PROPFEMALE > and The Frog ... and the rest of the holiday season , for that matter . :) 
thinks everyone should go see The < PROPFEMALE > and the Frog !!! Welp , now it's time to join Becca in being an aimless pajama-wearing lazy bum . :D 
is proud to say that she will have a pretty uneventful day . Watching a bunch of movies , decorating cookies , and working a bit on the research paper ? I think I can handle today ! 
I hate to say this , but either my Christmas spirit is dwindling or it is just being killed by various negative feelings . I hope it is the latter , but either way , this is bad , very bad indeed . 
needs a new status update and also some ideas for New Years resolutions . Suggestions are welcome . 
I am trying to abandon negativity in favor of the holiday spirit . It seems such a shame to start losing it so close to the climax of the season . So I am going to force myself into joy and cheer even if it kills me , for I do not wish to continue my annual post-Christmas tradition of wondering , \Where did it go ? \"" 
Gotta pack , shower , and go to bed early , ' cause I'm leaving tomorrow for a few days . Don't text or call , there won't be phone service . See you guys on Sunday . :) 
I can never articulate my thoughts well enough to be understood ! This is distressing to me , especially when I must be analytical about it . How will I ever a ) properly communicate to other people when necessary and b ) do this stupid paper ? I fear college and all the communicating and analyzing necessary for success . I fear communicating in general , actually . 
hopes to go sledding with people before school begins again ! I love sledding . 
To counteract the fact that slaving over English is getting me down , I shall announce my love of knee-high sock , chocolate , and books . And I would also like to say that having a clean room is starting to grow on me . This is pretty much a multi-purpose update -- it has a complaint , announcements of appreciation , and something unusual ( my clean room ) . All it lacks is a song lyric . 
The night is still young ... and I shall sit in my room doing English until interference with said activity occurs . Ain't it grand ... 
is playing with her new sewing machine , hoping to become good at this whole seamstress thing . :D 
Blackbird singing in the dead of night , take these broken wings and learn to fly ... all your life , you were only waiting for this moment to be free . 
had planned on hanging with friends , but no longer wants to . Oh well , the alternative ( playing with iTunes and sitting around ) must occur . D: 
Where did people dance in medieval times ? KNIGHTCLUBS ! 
Would anyone like some company for a bit this evening ? Please let me know !!! 
is pretty lame . Not kidding . T_T 
How weird is it that it's the LAST DAY of 2009 ? So much has happened this year , and this decade for that matter . Hey . Why don't you leave me a comment with some memories from this year ( or this decade ) that we share . Awww . Nostalgia ftw ! 
I try not to place a high personal value on material objects , but the fact that I have gotten at least 20 books ( six of which I got today ! ) over break fills me with unabashed delight . 
is pretty sure that the box of books she is bringing back to college could easily cause death or serious injury if handled incorrectly ... 
All my college friends are so happy to be going back ... I'm the odd one out , as usual . 
“Books make great gifts because they have whole worlds inside of them . And it’s much cheaper to buy somebody a book than it is to buy them the whole world ! ”-Neil Gaiman 
didn't take into account the fact that she left about 20 books at college . Plus about 50 more that came today ... this might just be ridiculous . 
really really really does not want to be here ... 
would just like to say that , although 15 minutes isn't that long , it seems like FOREVER when it gets added to the school day . See you guys at 7:35 tomorrow morning . :( Bedtime soon ! 
may succumb to a nap ... 
needs to come up with some New Years resolutions . Give me some suggestions , okay ? I'm off to bed . 
Weird how all these qualities that are supposedly good , like a good work ethic and responsibility , make me irritable , stressed , and angry . I wish I didn't care about stupid stuff like school . Unfortunately , it's the only thing I'm good at . 
I'm pining for the < PROPFEMALE > , and what if there were two side by side in orbit around the fairest sun ? 
ndjskghferuoefjkdslanvNDUFSIGOHSDJKNndjdisdvjkvbnadjkfjhhsdjkalenwjk . That is all . 
So . I thought my paper was decent so far today , but Mrs. Wiles basically squashed my dreams today . I have six days to fix everything . Can I do it ? I hope so ... 
never takes time for herself anymore . :( 
As terribly clichéd as it sounds , when I have music playing , the things that stress me out seem quite bearable . 
Wow , it's only 7 and I'm almost done working on English for the night ! Nice . So I'm up for chilling with anyone if they want ... otherwise , I may just go to bed . :D 
Cellophane flowers of yellow and green , towering over your head ; look for the girl with the sun in her eyes and she's gone ... 
I'm soooooo tired ... but English will force my eyes to remain open and my brain to remain at least somewhat consciously active . Remember the good old days of summer ? 
just realized that she is way closer to finishing her English paper than she thought !!! Nice !!! 
... black . 
hopes to have a life tonight/this weekend . Don't forget to watch Channel 13 at 8:00 tomorrow night !!! 
' s face is a perfect oval , like a circle that had its two sides gently compressed by a Thigh Master . 
What a strange day ... I dressed in a very feminine way , I didn't take a nap , and I'm feeling very positive . Oh , yeah , and I'm going out of the house tonight--that's strange too ! It almost doesn't feel like stupid dreary post-Christmas winter . Nice ! 
only has one paragraph for her biographical section of her paper ... and it's not even really biographical !!! UGH I HATE THIS 
\It smells weird in here . It smells like ... poverty . \"- Zildjian " 
Screw college , I'm gonna go live in a cave in like ... Greece or something . 
would just like to be able to sit like a normal person . >:( 
REALLY appreciates the fact that she has almost nothing to do tonight ! 
thinks the best part about Sour Skittles is when you're done eating them and you can pour all the sour dust into your mouth . YUMMMMMMMMM 
is always gonna want to blow your mind ... 
would REALLY appreciate some suggestions for websites for the Stats article collection , if you feel like helping her ... 
Joy , thy name is the huge Wal-Mart cracker display . 
would just like everyone to know that she has AMAZING rainbow/Christmas socks with snowmen on them ... and MATCHING GLOVES . Yeah . 
Wow I miss riding my bike . Biking ten < PROPMALE > around town/by the lake/whatever seems a lot less daunting than ten < PROPMALE > on the exercise bike in my scary basement ... which is what I'm about to do . Ugh . 
is preparing for a night on the town with < PROPFEMALE > . :D 
should hear from < PROPFIRST > University soon ... perhaps even ( gasp ! ) today ! 
really should get around to buying Moulin Rouge , so then her cravings for watching it could actually be satisfied . Too bad I never have spare cash . Oh well , listening to the soundtrack repeatedly is the next best thing . :D 
has to wait till Tuesday for the mail to come again . Nooooo !!! I hate this impatient anticipation thing . >:( 
likes not going to school . It's kind of sad that I totally hate the one thing at which I excel . Hopefully college will be better . 
wants to go ice skating . And listen to Led Zeppelin . Possibly at the SAME TIME . OMG 
is being totally antisocial at < PROPMALE>'s house . Yeah , I'm the bad guest . 
is writing the WORST < PROPFEMALE > story ever for Creative Writing , and then .... a movie ? Or else more homework . :( Blech . 
If there's a prize for rotten judgment , I guess I've already won that ... :D 
is going to try out the long road of healthy choices and see where it leads her . Speaking of that ( sort of ) , does anyone want to go ice skating tomorrow ? 
is at the library with < PROPFEMALE > at the moment ... then we're gonna check out the coffeehouse . :D 
just might go skating later ... 
Love is not a victory march , it's a cold and it's a broken hallelujah . 
REAL men serenade their women with < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > songs as they dance with them on a cloud by the Eiffel Tower . OBVIOUSLY . :D 
had hoped for a more eventful evening ( and , hey , it's still pretty young ) , but sitting in my room getting all emotional while watching romantic movies is totally fine too . ^_^ 
Sometimes I wonder why I continue to put up with some people ... 
The last thing I need during an intense fit of emotional instability is a missing pair of headphones !!!! Luckily ... I just found them . 
So much of my life consists of me thinking things that matter to me ... and not saying them . 
has such a cute profile picture . :D 
is kicking off her 5 1/2- day weekend with a tasty lunch from Bobaloon's . 
Well ... the weekend didn't start off as great as I'd hoped . Tooooby Ziegler . 
is at < PROPMALE>'s being antagonistic , hateful , mean , but totally loved . :P Haha 
Who shot that arrow in your throat ? Who missed the crimson apple ? It < PROPMALE > heavy on the tree above your head ... This chaos , this calamity , this garden once was perfect , give your immortality to me , I'll set you up against the stars . 
is at Sofie's house with Zildjian , < PROPMALE > , and < PROPFIRST > . We're rocking some Cash Cab . 
is home at the moment until something awesome comes along . The night is still young ! 
got into Grand Valley . Therefore , I no longer have to wait to hear from any more colleges . Which is good . 
Well , I'm back home for probably the rest of the night ... after hanging out with some cool people , including my friend < PROPMALE > !!!!!! 
plans on spending a while in her room trying to figure out which songs she put on which CDs since she didn't label them when she first burned them , and some of the tracks won't play on the computer . ( Holy run-on sentence , Batman ! ) It seems like a simple task perhaps , but it will be rather time-consuming . 
Music ! Food of love , emotion , mathematics , isolation , rhythm , power , feeling , < PROPFEMALE > and heavy competition ! 
Multipurpose update : I have refined my CD-burning skills now , but unfortunately my computer does not have a burner , nor do I have any blank CDs , I DON'T want to go to school tomorrow , I'm kind of fed up with being tolerant/patient , and who knew one little cut of unknown origin could bleed soooo much ? 
Sorrow drips into your heart through a pinhole just like a faucet that leaks and there is comfort in the sound ; and while you debate half-empty and half-full , it slowly rises , your love is gonna drown . 
is once again one of the single ladies . 
I detest school . I hate thinking about college . I just remembered < PROPFIRST>'s Day and how it will totally suck like usual . I am sick of people in general . There . I have released a bit of my negativity . Hurrah . 
just doesn't know . 
will be SO glad when this whole downstate college trip/scholarship competition dealio is over . I seriously wish I had only applied at one place so I wouldn't have to deal with choices . Ugh . 
feels really ill in a blah , sore , exhausted , allergy-symptom sort of way . However , missing school is out of the question , since I'm already gonna be gone on Friday , and making up work is not a good thing . :( 
has some wicked awesome impersonation skills ... maybe they can go with her mad crazy harmonica skills . 
got a 1 on her solo , and chamber got a 1 as well . W00t 
I would just like to point out that Solo & Ensemble is one of the only things that can make me trade in my usual jeans/t-shirt/hoodie look and put on a skirt , tights , and high heels . 
I close my eyes , only for a moment , then the moment's gone , all my dreams pass before my eyes with curiosity ... dust in the wind , all they are is dust in the wind . 
wonders why we had to read < PROPMALE > Frome in < PROPMALE > year when < PROPFEMALE > Wharton has written much better things . Seriously , < PROPMALE > Frome was probably my least favorite story we ever read for school . 
wouldn't mind cleansing her mind , body , and spirit ... actually , enlightenment sounds really good right now . 
Bahaha I love the inter-library < PROPFEMALE > system because it allows me to put multiple books about Broadway musicals on hold . Don't judge me . :P 
While many people in the nation observe some hulking brutes as they fight over a ball , I am sitting at home , pumping up the classic rock jam as I analyze an < PROPFEMALE > Dickinson poem . Indeed , life is grand . 
has been listening to lots of classic rock as of late . It's SUCH a shame that they don't make music like that ( cheesy power ballads especially ) anymore . :( 
I swear , sometimes it seems like every single particle of my being is crying out for summer to arrive ... 
Dear AP English , You suck every ounce of creativity and imagination that I have ever possessed from my soul . Therefore , I hate you . Love , < PROPFEMALE > . 
When the alarm goes off at 6 each morning , I think , “Is it really worth it ? ” I come to the same conclusion every day by the time I get home : “No . It really isn’t . ” 
bought Vampire Weekend's album Contra at Wal-Mart today . Sweet , right ? 
wishes she had some mad guitar or vocal skills to go with her mediocre violin/piano abilities . 
finds it funny how some people can't imagine her being talkative and energetic , while some people can't imagine her being shy and hesitant . Both are true , but I guess only the privileged few get to see both aspects . 
Okay , so for my application for the Honors Institute at Albion I need to write an essay on a character in literature or film or television or something who is similar to me . I already thought of < PROPFEMALE > Eyre and < PROPFEMALE > from Beauty and the Beast ... any more ideas ? 
Ugh . < PROPFIRST>'s Day ... how about not ? 
is with Sofie , Becca , and < PROPFEMALE > , who , as Valentines , are far more preferable than some stupid loserface guy . :P 
Last time I was at school was Wednesday , so I really don't want to go back ... high school is definitely NOT the greatest thing ever . Just sayin ' . Hope you all had an okay < PROPFIRST>'s Day/ Mine was pretty decent , all things considered . Also , figure skating is amazing . 
School : horrible , as usual . The weather : dreary . The library : closed . English homework : the price I pay for going out of town for the weekend . Sleep : unattainable at the moment . People : annoying . Me : tired , stressed , and just feeling down . 
misses summer and hates English . Oh yeah , and I still have to do the FAFSA and write an essay for the Albion Honors Institute about how I am like < PROPFEMALE > from Beauty and the Beast . So if anyone wants to give me comparison ideas , you're more than welcome . Unfortunately , the number of things I have to do significantly less than the number of distractions available to me . 
Here's some advice : When your tummy hurts , eating Jalapeno Cheddar Chex Mix doesn't help . 
The < PROPFEMALE > And The Frog comes out on DVD March 16th ... does anyone know when Where The Wild Things Are comes out ?!?!? I could check myself , but having other people do it is easier . :P 
Finally it's bedtime for a tired girl ... if only AFV , Facebook , and Olympic figure skating hadn't distracted me so much from my homework ... I could be asleep already . 
LOVES not having English homework . 
feels like a hateful angsty cynical ( and slightly emo , which is disgusting ) brat . As usual . 
cannot wait to leave . 
tries not to care . It usually doesn't work . 
Don't forget to go to Techno/Rave Club tomorrow at lunch in the wrestling room ! And even if you're not into that , < PROPFIRST > Flynn is the adviser ; that's reason enough to attend ! 
First day of Techno Rave Club ... first day in a long time that I didn't fall asleep in Physics ... third day in a row with no homework !!! 
Okay people ! I need some specific similarities between me and < PROPFEMALE > from Beauty and the Beast for this essay ! I mean , I want to hear them in the words of other people . And don't just mention that we both have brown hair , because , I mean , DUH . 
is sitting at home doing homework . Alone . On a Friday night . Something is SO wrong with this picture . 
Time to retire to my lair and attempt to read Heart of Darkness ... UGH . I'll end up listening to music and reading magazines instead , of course ( though maybe I'll actually do some Stats ...? ) Anyway , at least I'm contemplating doing homework , and it's the thought that counts , right ? 
Esky's Quiz Bowl team is on tonight at 8 on channel 13 . But we lose , so you might not want to watch it . Also , I look really dumb and say really stupid things sometimes . So ... don't judge me . XD 
I just wrote almost a < PROPFEMALE > for the first question for English , and I feel mentally drained . How shall I finish the rest ? 
Take off your shoes , take off yourself . Take off your rented mental health . Take off your raincoat , settle down . Take off your nightmare and your frown . 
I think something magical is happening ! Now , I could be wrong , but I think that I'M BEING INSIGHTFUL ! 
I looked up and saw you , I know that you saw me , we froze but for a moment in empathy . I brought down the sky for you but all you did was shrug , you gave my emptiness a name . 
hasn't gone to Taco < PROPFEMALE > since last Sunday . Crazy ... 
Soooo many books to read , so little time . It sounds cliché , but it's so true . And I love it ! 
I just finished the FAFSA , did some math , and came to the conclusion that both of my top choices for colleges will probably be much more affordable than I had thought . This is good , very good indeed . 
still feels miserable despite a 2.5 hour nap . I hate winter and school and everyone . 
Half a personal day is nowhere near enough for anyone forced to attend that hellish institution we call \public high school\ " . Gross . " 
10 months until Christmas , 2 months and 3 days until graduation , 2 weeks until I turn 18 ... 
napped too long , but now it's time to skating with Cherith ! 
After going ice skating for the first time in seven years , the fact that I fell twice seems quite an accomplishment . 
wishes she could sleep in , especially considering that she was awake till at least 4 in the morning thinking about the same things over and over again . Oh well , ' tis not to be . 
is so weary , but shall not rest . 
SHAMROCK SHAKE 
is off to babysit soon . Send a text my way if you're bored . 
is so sleep-deprived , but before a nap can occur , the kitchen floor must be cleaned , along with the bathroom , and at least 10 , but hopefully 15 < PROPMALE > on the exercise bike must be accomplished . Urrrgghhhh . 
It's after 6 and still < PROPFEMALE > . That's nice . 
must retire to bed soon to rest her weary mind and body . Perhaps tomorrow shall bring happiness and contentment . Perhaps not . Either way , it must be endured , for better or for worse . Such is the way of life . 
has a horrible yucky tummyache . But hopefully Goodwill shall make it go away ... maybe lying down for a bit first will help . <--- most pointless update ever 
wishes Facebook would show her more than like , seven things in her news feed ! >_< 
Eight days , guys . Eight days . 
Well , the school week is over half over ... that's a plus ... 
Happy birthday < PROPFIRST > Vivaldi ! ( Everyone should go to Google and see the sweet picture ) 
My day thus far : school , 10 < PROPMALE > on the exercise bike , half an hour of Facebook , an hour and a half of napping , dinner , 15 more < PROPMALE > on the bike ... and now some Heart of Darkness . ( gross ! Save me !!! ) Aaaaand I forgot that there's a stems test tomorrow . Grand . 
I’m through accepting limits , ' cause someone says they’re so . Some things I cannot change , but ' til I try I’ll never know . Too long I’ve been afraid of losing love I guess I’ve lost well , if that’s love it comes at much too high a cost ! I’d sooner buy defying gravity , kiss me goodbye , I’m defying gravity and you can’t pull me down . 
You learn something new every day , right ? Well , today I learned that if you are going on a bike ride in honor of the transition from winter to spring , you must avoid the ice on the sidewalk , no matter how stable it appears ! Only my catlike reflexes saved me from becoming a sopping , filthy mess . And now I pass the knowledge to you . 
Go outside !!!! It smells like spring !!!!! Soooo if anyone desires company for a walk today , or even a bicycle ride , you can call on yours truly to possibly accompany you . GAH SPRING IS ALMOST HERE !!!! XD 
slept for an hour and a half more than she intended ... oh well . :) 
T minus five days ... 
is going to see < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland at 3:45 , if anyone cares to join ... 
totally overslept in her nap . But guess what ? Less than half my yard is covered in snow ! Time to go to the movie in a short while . 
Guess who's on the cover of Rolling Stone ? 
Bike ride to the park later , maybe play some basketball with friends ... it should be lovely ! 
kind of wants to yell at someone ... 
Communication isn't so scary when it's on Facebook . Face-to-face talking , however , can be so frightening . Why is this ? 
Best first hour ever : We had no work because we're ahead of the other classes , so we have donuts and orange juice . There were only about 12 of us in the class because the juniors were gone , so there were enough for seconds , and even thirds . Then I got serenaded by the class with a rousing \Happy Birthday\ " . Mr. Oslund joined in and was totally belting it out . It was great . " 
shares a birthday with < PROPFIRST > Welk and < PROPMALE > Adams ( though they now are dead ) , so wish them a happy birthday too ! 
got a super cute summer dress at Goodwill and finally picked out a baby picture for the yearbook ( it's none of the five I had yesterday) ! I'm heading off to the casino in a little while for the first time ! 
is still tired despite about nine hours of sleep . Well , gotta rest up for the birthday party tonight . 
Does anyone want to have a RENT party sometime ?!? :D 
Oh sunshine , you most glorious form of nature ! Instilling in our minds irrational contentment despite that which plagues us otherwise , you are a beacon of possibility ; celebrating the little things becomes all the easier as they are illuminated by your rays . Stay with us , sun . Stay as long as you can . 
My day : church , loooong nap , bike ride , junk food . Productive ? It just might be . 
CAN'T FIND HER FLIP FLOPS >:[ 
Who cares about the freedom of expression and opinions when you just play to the man to get the grade/job/money/scholarship/status/whatever ? Welcome to < PROPFEMALE > , my friends . 
is probably going to the park around 7ish ... you should go too , ' cause it's beautiful outside !!! 
\I only like capitalism when it applies to reading in class . \"" 
feels really tired , despite a long nap . Time to work on scholarship stuff a bit . ( Gross ... ) 
Hmmmm , shall I sit at home being lazy , or get up the energy for a lovely bike ride ? Decision , decisions ... :P 
It's been a while since I felt this glad about the weekend . And look ! The sun has begun to shine once more ! 
... Goodwill is amazing . 
is going to a baby shower in a bit , then it's time for a movie-watching party thing . 
Where the Wild Things Are is one of the saddest but greatest movies ever . 
Exhaustion shall be alleviated for a while . 
, though not sufficiently rejuvenated , is at least somewhat rested up . The sun will do the rest for the day . 
doesn't want to go back to school ! I can't stand it there . Call it senioritis if you will , which I don't ( because it's not ) , but I am so sick of everything academic . 
is exhausted . Which means tomorrow will suck . Two in a row . Great . I'm being < PROPFEMALE > poco sarcastic , but kind of not . 
is listening to RENT . And , for once , I'm not singing along . This is because I have almost NO voice . It's somewhat comical , actually . 
Does anyone know things about dress straps ? This summer dress I bought at Goodwill on Friday has like five strap/tie things , and I can't figure out the proper way to wear it . I can provide details if anyone thinks they might be able to help . 
finished her poetry project . It's humorous and sarcastic ; therefore it will get a bad grade . 
\ ... because sometimes the words you say can inflict just as much pain as your fist . \ " @ < PROPFEMALE > Miller " 
thought about leaving you with a status that is profound , or perhaps a song lyric ... I hope you don't mind that I settle for telling you my room has been clean for 3 months ! New record , perhaps ? 
9 months till Christmas . A little over 2 months till graduation . Less than a month now till prom ( which I shouldn't care about that much , but hey , I'm a teenage girl ) . 1 day of school left ... for the time being , anyway . 
Changing from pj pans to a dress is often an interesting transition . By the way , if you wanna see some musical performances and eat some yummy desserts you should go to the Chamber & Chocolate concert tonight . Bonifas Arts Center , 7:00 , $5 . Just sayin ... 
With all the conflicts/choices I've got at the moment , my priority for now is just to get through one more day . 
Why am I awake right now when I have to get up early for Marquette tomorrow ? Oh well . 
just watched one of the sadder movies she has watched in a while ... 
Anyone who's in town for the week : this is what we should do . We should meet up each day for a few days and have a Nerd Series Marathon ... meaning , we should watch all the < PROPMALE > Potter , Lord of the Rings , and < PROPFEMALE > Wars movies . I'm not kidding ; I think it sounds fantastic and I know some of you do too !!! So that is a suggestion of what should go down over Spring Break . 
Shallow inquiry alert ! Does anyone know what shoes/accessories would go with a deep gold-colored kind of Renaissance-ish looking dress ? 
Urgh , I don't think jalapeno & cheddar puffcorn should be eaten anything other than small amounts . Daaaaang . 
really enjoys this not-having-school thing ... 
If you lived here , you too would feel the overwhelming need to repeatedly hit my cat with a pillow . 
My day was used for reading , watching movies , and sleeping . Evenings are for socializing . This is the way the world ought to be . 
... crazy . 
As if everything wasn't crazy enough ... 
What does it mean to dream what you dream , to believe what you see ? 
It's been so long since I have danced around my living room singing songs when no one's home . Sooo long ... 
Okay , so The Nightmare Before Chistmas is a LITTLE bit scary . But I don't see why people think it's too scary for kids . Seriously ! It's a freakin ' awesome movie and everyone should watch it no matter how old they are . Just putting that out there . 
I think that to have a successful all-nighter , you need to a ) simply NOT be tired , or b ) have things to occupy your mind and/or body ( like homework or something ) . Last night ( this morning ) , I was very tired and I had nothing to do . So I fell asleep . Someday I will get the < PROPFEMALE > of this . Maybe tonight . 
wouldn't mind having a group of people or something to play at the park or participate in some other sort of outdoor activity . The weather is absolutely spectacular ! 
My legs will hate me tomorrow ... but it was worth it . 
went for an almos t-t hree-hour bike ride around town today with people , and it included a stop at both the ice cream store and the beach . Oh yeah , and she did this all in a tank top , capris , and flip-flops . It was actually extremely comfortable . March came in like a lamb and went out like ... more of a lamb . 
Today is the last REAL day of spring break . Let's live it up , dudes . 
is going off to babysit soon , wishing school was not just around the corner . Oh well . Less than two months left . 
failed to find some prom shoes today . Mainly because Shopko was the only part of the mall that was open . Hopefully I can find something at Payless tomorrow ... 
does not want to go back to school . No way , man . 
has a sore back from landing on her head on a trampoline , and a sore < PROPFEMALE > from being kicked while on the trampoline . They're dangerous devices , but oh so fun . 
found earrings for prom , butstill needs shoes . Would any FEMALES like to help me find a decent pair this weekend ? 
Too bad Young's Formal Wear does not < PROPFEMALE > ruffly dress shirts ... but pleats are okay too . 
Don't you love it when one of your two favorite songs comes on one radio station and then you change the station and the same song ( one of your favorites , mind you ) comes on THAT station ?!? Whoa , me too . Gotta love satellite radio . 
You know how it is when you have really weird dreams that you wish were real ? That was my night . 
From here on out , school is pretty much pointless . Literally . More so than usual , anyway ... 
Snow sucks , especially since I went biking to the beach in a tank top last week . >:( 
Oh my goodness , I am turning into an obsessive prom Nazi . Which is really weird , because I'm usually not super girly or anything . Crazy . 
actually has the capacity to be kind of classy ... 
Well , I've OFFICIALLY placed my enrollment letter and deposit money to < PROPFIRST > University in the mailbox ! 
just saw The Diary of < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > at the college . So good , and so sad . I seriously almost cried so many times ... 
loves the < PROPFEMALE > cat at Wickert's . So cute ! 
I'm learning how to ballroom dance . I totally have a knack for it . 
Oo de lally . 
is wearing Mr. Clean pajama pants for the moment because she ripped a huge hole in her jeans on the trampoline . 
\I can't help it ; I'm a victim of circumstance . \"" 
You know you're in good company when no one is saying anything , and all of a sudden \Don't Stop Me Now\ " by < PROPFEMALE > comes on and everyone starts singing along . Ohhh yeah . " 
As long as thereare trampolines , chiropractors will be in business . 
\Look at this couch ! We're hungry and sad . < PROPFIRST > Moore could make a documentary about how sad we are . \"" 
I don't CARE that spring break was a couple weeks ago , a 5-day weekend is AWESOME . Always . Also , does anyone want to pay for me to go to the talent show ? XD 
is a very morose individual . 
likes having no school . Maybe I'll go socialize later . In the meantime , it's sleeping , reading , listening to music , eating , and ... oh yeah , Facebook . 
does not like talking to people sometimes . 
\You felt my glare ! And it felt like a slap ... an impending slap . \"" 
Well , I just filled out my housing application for Lawrence ... I am terrible at making friends though , so having a roommate scares me more than almost any other aspect of college . Hopefully I get someone who is not mean or obnoxious . 
< PROPMALE > presentations , rainy walks , and now an evening with some pals ... not bad . Not bad at all . 
Day trippin ' to Appleton ... 
is so excited to be living in Appleton in the fall ! 
is watching Elf for what is possibly the millionth time in her life . But it's a fabulous movie ! :D 
History repeats itself , and not just on a large scale . 
has done nothing all day , but is still pretty tired . Time to go watch some Season 1 of < PROPMALE > of the Hill . In comfy pajamas . With ice cream . 
Six days until prom ! Ah , the anticipation ! 
I'm trying really hard not to give in to senioritis . And I'm doing a pretty good job right now . But after the AP English exam , that's it . 
Shock me like an electric eel . 
Well , graduation is May 28th , 2010 and I found out the other day that my kindergarten graduation was May 28th , 1998 . Crazy . 
* insert poetic/profound/witty update * 
I wish that there was a magical potion you could put on your food that would make it healthy and nutritious while removing any excess unhealthy ingredients . Then I could eat pretty much whatever I wanted . Yummmmm . 
has discovered her first bug bite of the year ... though how it got on the back of her thigh when she was wearing long pants all day is anyone's guess . 
Well ... the week is over halfway done . That's a good thing , right ? 
Time for a brief nap , I think . We'll see what the rest of the day brings . 
Delicious delectable fantabulous < PROPMALE>'s tonight , prom tomorrow !!!!!! XD 
is watching a crazy terrible old school version of Hercules . It's extremely comical . 
The day will officially commence at 2:00 , when I head over to get my hair done . Then it's a whirlwind of prom activities . I can't wait ! 
is rockin ' some awesome hair . 
is trying to kill twenty minutes before she starts getting ready ... I love preparations and getting all dressed up though . < PROPFEMALE > , however , is a virtue . 
Man ... prom was actually a lot of fun . And the day after is always super lame . But hey , I'm surviving . 
needs sleep ... more sleep . 
Well ... I feel ever so slightly better about the AP English exam ... but I don't expect a miracle . 
Sometimes it's hard to know how much to say . 
just has to survive another month ... 
It shouldn't be this difficult to motivate myself to go for a bike ride ... 
is < PROPFEMALE > glad that West Wing will be played at graduation when we walk in ... 
The human race is certainly an irrational one . 
I can still remember the words and what they meant as we etched them with our fingers in years of wet cement . 
feels like dressing up a bit today . Weird ... 
Oh boy . 
What a lame night . 
Why must realization always come too late ? 
R.I.P. < PROPMALE > . You were a good < PROPFEMALE > . :( 
Here's a thought : \I Wanna Know What Love Is\ " by Foreigner and \ " Who Wants To Live Forever\ " by < PROPFEMALE > sound sorta similar . " 
would LOVE to see Spamalot . Maybe it will come to Appleton sometime in the next four years ... 
Well , according to the Fox Cities Performing Arts Center website , guess which shows are going to be coming to town just down the street from where I'll be living ? WICKED AND BEAUTY AND THE BEAST !!!!!! ( January-February and March-April , respectively ... ) I simply MUST be in attendance . :D 
My Arcade Fire CD arrived today at Record Rack ! Joy ! 
Approximately one hour until the last orchestra concert of my high school career ... 
Well , if I can't grip pen or pencil for a while , it's DEFINITELY because of the AP English exam . Dang . 
Oh , < PROPFIRST > Sondheim , you are a wonderful man . 
Well , now that the English exam's out of the way , I only have to worry about the recital on Tuesday and the Stats exam thing that I am bound to fail . Then I am pretty much carefree . It's completely grand . 
doesn't like being plagued by the painful sortof hiccups . >:'( 
Doughnuts in second hour ! Now that the AP exam is done , I have a feeling that English will magically get really easy . 
bought three books from St. Vinny's and also experienced her first Bag Day . 
loves lazy Saturdays . 
My room has been not been messy for over four months . That's absurd ! 
Happy Mother's Day and stuff ... 
Ugh ... two Mondays left ... 
is watching Thumbelina !!!!! :D 
finds the amount of ignorance that can be concentrated in one place to be despicable . 
has a Quiz Bowl pizza party tonight ! ( oops , I mean \piiiizza pizza \") . " 
Less than two weeks now , my senior friends . We can do it . 
should find something to do this afternoon ... 
Well , if anyone felt like picking me up so we could be semi-antisocial at the park together , that would be cool . Though sitting at home alone is kind of a relief too . Just saying , company is welcome . 
One by one I'll knock you out . 
Does anyone want to go for a bike ride in a little while ? It's beautiful outside . 
It smells like clean laundry and barbecues outside . In a week and a half , every day will be like a lazy Saturday . 
Two weeks until my grad party ... 
Wow ... Leonard Nimoy did a cover of \Both Sides Now\ " by < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > ( I think ) . Who knew ? " 
Why am I still up ? I should be in a deep slumber . 
has been so hungry lately . 
The world around me and the one inside me are contrast so greatly ... 
is updating her status . Oh dear . 
It isn't natural to feel so exhausted in the middle of the afternoon . Thank you , public education of Escanaba . 
I am not complaining ; I really do appreciate the weather . But ... I need to be vigilant now since excessive heat makes me ill . But the weather really is GREAT . 
is out of it and kind of annoyed . But I'm sure it shall pass . 
I couldn't even concentrate on any of the four books I'm reading because I was so antsy for a bike ride ! So here I go ... 
Just over four days left . It's so crazy . 
likes the weather , but not when she must sit in a classroom ... 
shall probably end up not doing much of anything on this dreary day . 
My sister forgot to turn off her alarm last night , so when it went off at 6:15 this morning , I thought it was a school day . It wasn't until I was headed down to eat breakfast that I remembered it was Saturday . That was nice because usually it's the other way around . Soon I won't have to worry about whether it's a school day though XD 
is practicing the < PROPMALE > of remaining calm when she would normally experience overwhelming bouts of irrationality . 
likes lemons . 
While observing people is interesting and often entertaining , interacting with them is much less so . 
Some days , I CANNOT wait to leave this place . 
has had the same song stuck in her head ALL DAY . 
is playing on the school's iPad . I think they are kind of silly and pointless , but fun to play with , I suppose . 
Well ... tomorrow is my last full day of high school ever ... 
I thought I was gonna throw up because the heat is making me so miserable ... let's hope I don't feel like this during the ceremony on Friday . * fingers crossed * 
is officially FREE from public education ! 
... seems like I'm the only one not preparing for the senior banquet ... I'm going , but I am just not going to be quite as fancy as anyone else , it seems . So there . :3 
Congratulations to everyone who got a scholarship ! 
If anyone feels the urge to go see a matinee showing of either Oceans , Shrek , or < PROPFIRST > Hood with me , let me know . I haven't been to the movies in a while , and I want to see those three so ... yeah . ( Or there's always the park/beach . ) 
Settling down to watch some Lord of the Rings . Ohhh yeahhhh . 
Hrm . I kind of want to decorate my graduation cap , but I have no idea what I would put on it . 
Twelve years ago today , I , along with my Lemmer classmates , graduated from kindergarten . And on this day , I graduate from high school . ( Finally ) 
Well , hey . Nothing makes a graduation day better than having to painfully extract a tack from being embedded in your heel at 10 in the morning , am I right ? >.< 
I cannot lie ... if it wasn't going to be so hot in the gymnasium , I would TOTALLY wear my Gryffindor scarf during the graduation ceremony . 
is tired and sore from the all night party . 
So many people ... 
My yard looks like a circus . Everyone's welcome to stop by my party ... My house , starting at 3 . 
Thanks to everyone who came to my party . 
Acting like an extrovert today pretty much exhausted me , since that's not my nature . Crazy . 
is feeling reclusive . 
is angry because the Facebook connection to her phone is not working . Therefore , I get only a few messages and status comments and can't update my status from my phone at all . I know it's not a big deal , but it's SO annoying . 
Just because health teachers say anger isn't bad doesn't mean it's true . 
Wow . I am angry at the relationship between Facebook and my phone . Oh well . 
Am I the only person who watched Zoolander and did not enjoy it ? 
Is it working yet ? 
liked < PROPFIRST > Hood . 
is glad she doesn't have to take exams today . XD 
just watched The Imaginarium of Dr. Parnassus and totally loved it . 
is watching the 5-hour version of Pride and Prejudice with < PROPFEMALE > during our girl's night movie sleepover . 
Why did I try out for UPYO ? I don't even want to do it . Such is life . 
Watching Mirrormask under a comfy blanket . 
Ooookay . Does anyone know of any non-fast-food businesses that are hiring ? 
Well , at least that collar thing that came with my grad gown is has a purpose now ... as a cute little bib on my dog ! ^_^ 
This may be the first time I have ever eaten more than my brother . 
feels sick and cranky . 
Sometimes I scare myself . 
Slow down , you crazy child , you're so ambitious for a juvenile , but if you're so smart , then tell me why are you still so afraid ? 
Listening to the soundtrack of The Muppet Christmas < PROPFIRST > ( one of my favorite movies) ! I LOVE Christmas . 
is heading to the casino soon to blow some money with < PROPFEMALE > , Sebulba , < PROPFIRST > , and possibly < PROPFIRST > . Maybe I'll come out ahead again ...? 
can totally understand how people become gambling addicts . 
Mrgh . A bike ride to the park seems nice right now . 
thinks it must be rather nice to possess an optimistic mindset . 
Though it was better than school , today was still probably one of the biggest wastes of a day I've experienced recently . 
My silence is my self-defense . 
does not think that people should say things if they do not mean them . 
\ ... all I wanted was to go off to some other world 
just wants to get better ! Is that too much to ask ? 
In a little while , I'm getting my first actual haircut ( not a trim ) in four whole years . It'll be quite a change . 
It feels SO weird to have hair that is not extra long . Not to mention bangs , which I haven't had since about fourth grade . 
I'm pretty sure my mental , emotional , and physical well-being all directly correlate to the weather . 
forgot to send out a happy birthday to < PROPFIRST > Depp !!! ( Thanks to < PROPFIRST > for reminding me ! ) 
We're just a million little gods causing rainstorms turning every good thing to rust , I guess we'll just have to adjust ... 
If anyone cares to do anything ... let me know . We can sit at the park in the rain and be awesome or something . 
Does anyone know where I can get a cheap ( gently used , if not new ) mini-fridge that is smaller than 4.4 cubic feet ? I would really like one for my dorm , but I don't want to spend too much money . Any help would be greatly appreciated . 
As you wish . 
Ugh , what's the point of being ill if you can't even miss school because of it ? 
I cannot lie -- the pounding headache , excruciating sore throat , and totally stuffed-up nose all suck , but they are all so much better than the constant nausea I had for a week . See , I can be an optimist . Kinda . 
needs to go buy a hair straightener , since my bangs refuse to cooperate . And dang , I'm in a Sweeney < PROPMALE > mood . Guess I'll have to buy that too . Meanwhile , I'll just have to jam to the soundtrack till my doctor's appointment . 
Okay ... so I had a dream with Sweeney < PROPMALE > in it last night . I guess listening to the soundtrack did strange things to me . 
So , here are just a few of the presenters for the 2010 < PROPFIRST > Awards tomorrow night : Cate Blanchett , < PROPFIRST > Radcliffe , Idina Menzel , < PROPFEMALE > Chenoweth , < PROPFEMALE > Lansbury , < PROPFEMALE > Peters , < PROPFIRST > Banderas , and Will Smith ! Boom ! < PROPFEMALE > power ! I'm so pumped . 
It's too bad that the < PROPFEMALE > of classic rock power ballads was before my time . It doesn't mean I can't pretend though . \\m/ (>_<) \\m/ 
There's children throwing snowballs instead of throwing heads , they're busy building toys and absolutely no one's dead ! 
It's summer . I shouldn't be sleep-deprived . 
That's all I ask of you . 
is eating Scooby Snacks < PROPMALE > crackers and listening to < PROPMALE > Rudetsky do the countdown to the Tonys on Sirius XM Channel 75 : On Broadway . ( They should pay me to advertise , because it's the only channel I listen to ... ) 
Aw gee , I love watching the Tonys . Oh wait , our TV sucks , so I'm NOT . 
is obviously a complete hypocrite . 
wishes to remain unconscious for the rest of the summer , please . 
is pretty pumped that < PROPFEMALE > is doing Into The Woods for the fall musical !!! Watch for me backstage ( since that's the only place I'll be of use ... ) 
If there's a prize for rotten judgment , I guess I've already won that . 
Don't get me wrong , I do enjoy rain . But two weeks is enough ! 
Her intentions fall to the floor . 
I was at Wal-Mart , and I swear I heard a little kid ask what Toy Story was . As if my faith in humanity hasn't deteriorated enough ... 
Can't lie ... I kinda want to be < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > . Or very similar . 
thinks that \For Good\ " from Wicked should have been our graduation song . Awww . " 
Let that be my story . 
is really not looking forward to the next two days . Ugh . 
... and the world went away . 
Grab your root beer , hold it high , whack your shipmates in the eye ! 
walked with you once upon a dream . 
Toy Story 3 ! 
bought three great movies today for under twenty bucks . Nice . 
So < PROPFEMALE > ( in Toy Story 3 ) , Thumbelina , and < PROPFIRST > are all voiced by the same person ( < PROPFEMALE > Benson ) . CRAZY . 
An evening at the beach , perhaps ? We shall wait and see ... 
needs to go buy a rainbow umbrella one of these days . 
is wearing shorts for the first time in about a year . It's so weird . 
went into the casino with $20 and came out with $40 . Nice . 
Hide your face so the world will never find you . 
\I ask you : is dullness a gift ? intelligence a curse ? \"" 
Is it written in the stars ? Are we paying for some crime ? Is that all that we are good for , just some stretch of mortal time ? 
\That's a bold statement coming from a fat man sitting far away from me ! \"" 
bought a < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > sheet set and a Disney < PROPFEMALE > shirt all for three dollars . Gotta love rummage sales ! 
What's a dazzling urbanite like you doing in a rustic setting like this ? 
doesn't understand why everyone expects her to be able to read minds . 
Six months till Christmas !!! 
No matter how much I sleep at night ( which , half the time is very little , I admit ) I can't stop sleeping in the day . Seriously , yesterday I slept two hours while my mom and brother were painting and talking like ten feet away from me . It's nice , but I don't think this much sleep is natural . 
Why don't you come to your senses ? You've been out riding fences for so long now . 
is moody . Deal with it . 
\You can't die in my house ! You're not being a good guest . \"- Hank Hill " 
Well , why don't I jump on this bandwagon ? If you like this status I'll say something nice about you . Blah blah blah , you know how it goes . Except I am kind of bad at coming up with nice things to say . Hey , I'll give it a shot . :P 
is attempting to set up her lovely new MacBoook Pro that just arrived . It's soooo beautiful . ( But I don't know my tech-speak , so setting it up is proving to be a little tricky ... ) 
is updating Facebook from her NEW LAPTOP ! I'm so pumped !!!!!!!!! I would like to take this time to applaud Apple for their beautiful computers an quick shipping !!!! 
is registered for fall classes ! w00t ! 
Attention people ! If anyone wants to buy an 8gb iPod touch , I am selling one for $180 . It has NEVER BEEN OPENED , and although my financial situation does not allow me to bargain lower , the price is still 20 dollars less than at stores . PLEASE LET ME KNOW ASAP . ( First come , first served . ) 
You're not gonna believe this , but it's a one- wheeled haystack ! 
Okay , I'm putting this out there again , because I NEED to sell this : 8gb iPod touch , BRAND NEW ! $180 and it's NEVER BEEN OPENED !!!!!! Seriously , I will keep bombarding you Facebook friends with this status until someone takes it . Please spread the word . I need this thing to be SOLD . 
Never mind about the iPod touch everyone ! I got a buyer . :D 
And if I could swim , I'd swim out to you in the ocean , swim out to where you were floating in the dark . And if I was blessed , I'd walk on the water you're breathing to lend you some air for that heaving , sunken chest . 
If you wish to make an apple pie from scratch , you must first invent the universe . 
You alone can make my song take flight ... 
will , for the most part , be without Internet or phone service for the next few days . 
is a thrift store < PROPFEMALE > ! 51 dollars got me three CDs , four movies , and four books . Daaang ! 
is disgusted by people . 
Thank God for Dramamine . 
Classic Disney movies will always be my favorite ( as far as kids movies go ) , but I gotta say , < PROPMALE > Bluth movies come pretty close . 
I admit , it's been a while since I read The Catcher In The Rye , but as far as J . D . Salinger goes , I much prefer Franny and Zooey . So far , anyway ... 
Is it raining , is it snowing ? Is a hurricane a-blowing ? \ 
Not a speck of light is showing , so the danger must be growing ! Are the fires of hell a-glowing ? Is the grisly reaper mowing ? \ 
Yes ! The danger must be growing , for the rowers keep on rowing and they're certainly not showing any signs that they are slowing ! 
has Skype now . And was able to get MSN on her laptop ... so add me or whatever . 
I didn't know my body could even tolerate this much soda ... which is sad , because it's not a lot . 
Does insomnia breed inspiration ? 
Two months and counting until I'm gone ... 
would like to point out that Meat Loaf looks very similar to Mad-Eye Moody ... ( vice versa , I suppose ... ) 
And guess what ? Mr. < PROPFEMALE > swam ! 
likes it when she can play music super loud and sing along and no one cares . :D 
Is it mid-July yet ???? 
And thus , distractions must be created . 
\Hearts will never be practical until they can be made unbreakable . \"- The Wizard of Oz " 
Two four six oh one ! 
just burned her knee on her hair straightener because she lacks common sense . 
kind of wants to go to the park and just sit and read . Or draw . Or write . Or listen to music . If anyone else shares this < PROPFEMALE > , perhaps we could do this as companions . 
Dobby's sock ! 
When I started my nap , I had plans of later biking to the park to sit and be creative or something because the weather was nice and < PROPFEMALE > . I woke up to clouds , wind , and the knowledge that it is supposed to rain this evening . Great . Seriously . 
just turned in a Taco < PROPFEMALE > application . Ohhh dear . 
And I find it kind of funny , I find it kind of sad , how the dreams in which I'm dying are the best I've ever had . I find it hard to tell you , I find it hard to take . When people run in circles , it's a very very mad world ... 
Lately I've been removing all the posters , etc . from my walls , which is a big deal because I haven't seen bare walls in forever . So , in order to maintain some sense of self in my room , I tacked my Guy Fawkes mask to the wall . Which I guess looks kind of creepy to some , but I like it . ^_^ 
I think everyone should see my hands . Maybe I shoulda used gloves when lifting hay bales ... and I'm pretty sure I just coughed up a little bit of hay too . YEAH 
I poured my heart out , it evaporated , see ? Blind man on a canyon's edge of a panoramic scene , or maybe I'm a kite that's flying high and random , dangling a string , or slumped over in a vacant room , head on a stranger's knee ... I'm sure back home they think I've lost my mind . 
Same old song , just a drop of water in an endless sea . All we do crumbles to the ground though we refuse to see . 
A night at the casino seems like a nice way to end a day spent toiling in the fields , wouldn't you agree ? 
is rather fed up at the moment . But , as usual , I shall pretend not to be so I can seem \mature\ " and \ " responsible\ " or whatever . " 
never knows what's going on anymore ! 
With a thousand lies and a good disguise , hit ' em right between the eyes , hit ' em right between the eyes\ 
\ 
When you walk away , nothing more to say , see the lightning in your eyes , see ' em running for their lives ! 
Why does iTunes know how I am feeling ? It's weird , but comforting . 
No one can find the rewind button now , sing it if you understand ... 
So I've cheated and I've lied , been the victim of foolish pride , and I've begged and I've crawled , and I've battled it and bled for it all . Now I'll savor the downfall of paradise ... 
You know those dreams where you wake up but are still super freaked out of your mind but then you finally , FINALLY realize that none of it was real ? Yeah , I just had one of those . 
is a tired panda . 
just got her housing/roommate assignment ! Anyone else in Kohler Hall ? 
Watch us explode . 
is gonna be fancy at the band concert at the park . 
Pretend you are sitting in a fast food restaurant , say Taco < PROPFEMALE > , and two teenagers in fancy clothes start dancing together to a song on the radio in a small space by their table in the back . Would you be more amused or annoyed ? 
I wanna know , can you show me ? I wanna know about these strangers like me . 
Sometimes why wonder why I even got out of bed . 
... and the soles of our shoes are all worn down , the time for sleep is now . 
If the world's at large , why should I remain ? 
Anyone else going downtown for the sidewalk sales ? 
got some sweet stuff downtown . Time to chillax for a little while . 
Little shop , little shop of horrors ... 
Just call me Spoonbreaker . Spoonbreaker the Silver . 
Does anyone want to go to the park ? Or join me on a walk and/or bike ride ? It magically became gorgeous outside and I think it should be enjoyed ... 
You have no power over me . 
Nothing can bring comfort quite like Christmas songs < PROPFIRST > by Nat < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > . :) 
He looks around , around , he sees angels in the architecture , spinning in infinity ... 
is hiding under a sheet while a bat flies around her room , and she's telling Facebook because NO ONE IN THE HOUSE WILL ANSWER A PHONE TO COME SAVE HER . 
Well , we can't find the bat , meaning it has either gone back to wherever it came from ( sorry to end the phrase with a preposition ) , or it is hiding somewhere upstairs . And guess where it would most likely be ? Yeah . IN MY ROOM . 
is scared to go in her room to get clothes to shower because WHAT IF THE BAT IS IN THERE AND SWOOPS DOWN ONTO ME ?!?!?!?! However , I have procrastinated long enough . Rodent , here I come ! 
Well , I just got the books from my Freshman Studies reading list ordered ; I'm so excited ! I still have to order a couple of actual textbooks though ... 
has to go to the hayfields for most of the day ... urgh . And hopefully by the time I return , the bat will be gone from my room , because I don't want it to die . 
Controversial yet mundane . 
should probably just drop out of society for a little while . Or a long while . 
So . Does anyone want to come over and try to catch a bat ? 
would just like to say that dancing in the rain is not cool or cute anymore . It's a stupid cliche . 
Come disconnect the dots with me , poppet , come disconnect the dots . It's so beautiful , our lunacy , it's so beautiful . 
went to sleep last night on a mattress thing in the living room ... and somehow woke up on the recliner . 
Does anyone know where coloring books are located in Wal-Mart or Shopko ? And how much are 64-packs of crayons ? 
bought a 96-pack of crayons ( with a sharpener ! ) and a Disney < PROPFEMALE > coloring book !!!!!! 
Get busy living or get busy dying . 
wishes she was able to sleep more than four or five hours a night . It's making her crazy . Hooray for third person point of view . 
Oh my goodness iTunes U is the best thing ever . Seriously , so much knowledge at my fingertips to have accessible whenever I want it for forever ! ( And the Nerdometer is off the charts ... ) 
just got two of her Freshman Studies books ... still waiting for the other six though . Exciting ! 
Solitude is the despair of fools , the torment of the wicked , and the joy of the good . 
I got two more of my Freshman Studies books !!! Four left ( although I have to re-order Plato's Republic ... ) 
Flout ' em and scout ' em , and scout ' em and flout ' em ! Thought is free . 
Well , I guess every silver lining has its cloud . 
The rarer action is in virtue than in vengeance . 
Two ( extremely fitful ) hours of sleep ! Shall I make it through the day , or shall I succumb to a few naps here and there ? Hmmmm . 
Gahhhh I hope the mail comes before 1:30 because I don't want to wait until evening to see if any of my books came ! 
Gotta love those battle scars . 
Five hours in a car today and I slept maybe half an hour total . Add that to the three and a half hours I got between 5 and 11 in the morning ... whoooooo . 
\Elastigirl ? You married ELASTIGIRL ? Hahahaha ... and got BUSY !!! \"" 
Late night bike ride around town ? Sounds good . 
Meh . I think sleep is more important than a bike ride at this point . Not that I'll get to sleep before 4 , but there's no harm in trying , I suppose ... 
feels like that guy from One Flew Over The Cuckoo's Nest who goes around saying \I'm tired ... I'm tired ... \"" 
My extreme irritability will only increase if I stay here . SOMEONE PLEASE RESCUE ME 
I kind of wish I was taking Russian so I could understand all the Soviet songs I am downloading . Commies ! 
doesn't really like humanity that much . 
Maybe I should go to sleep ... nope . Maybe not . 
I picked up a seashell to illustrate my homelessness , but a crab crawled out of it making it useless , and all my metaphors fell flat down on the rocks where we sat . 
got her CDs in the mail today ! 
I also got my wireless router in the mail ! But I'm not even going to try to figure it out right now . 
And NOW my textbook for my theatre class has arrived . It's freaking huge ! 
testing 1 2 3 .... 
\If a hobo and a blueberry have a child together is it called a blobo or a hoberry ? \"" 
The person that you were has died , you’ve lost the < PROPFEMALE > in your eyes , you fell for life - into its traps ... now you wanna bridge the gaps , now you wanna bridge the gaps , now you want that person back . 
realized that she is leaving in one month . 
Well , we found my dog ... she somehow got locked in my brothers ' room . 
I wish I could amplify my lifestyle tenfold so I would be unable to do anything other than listen to music and read . Seriously , that's almost all I ever ever ever want to do . 
Well , I just got in a car accident and one of our vans got totaled ... 
Let's just imitate the real , until we find a better one ... remember , the good lies always win . 
\But let me tell you something : there's not much of a difference between a stadium full of cheering fans and an angry crowd screaming abuse at you . They're both just making a lot of noise . How you take it is up to you . " 
is sad that her dog's leg is hurt . :( 
“He who fights with monsters should be careful lest he thereby become a monster . And if thou gaze long into an abyss , the abyss will also gaze into thee . ” 
should be cleaning/packing , but instead she is sitting on her bed playing on the Internet listening to Meat Loaf . Wut now . 
I just ran out of my room because I heard a squeak that I thought was a bat . Turns out , it was my creaky old bed ... I think ( I hope ! ) 
I got my copy of The Intellectual Devotional today !!! :D Now I just have to wait for Mr. Plato and then I won't have anything left to look forward to in the mail . 
Your very existence is a monument to how I taught myself to scream . 
just found her autographed picture of < PROPFIRST > Radcliffe ! :P 
Oh Rent , why must you always make me cry my eyes out ? 
They made a statue of us and put it on a mountaintop . Now tourists come and stare at us , low bubbles with their gum , take photographs of fun ... have fun . 
needs to find her copy of Tarzan . Too bad none of my movies are accessible at the moment . >:( 
Sometimes sleep attacks me and holds me in its clutches for twelve hours a day . Sometimes it eludes me , refusing to offer even a hint of itself when I < PROPFEMALE > it . Right now , I am experiencing the latter . But zombies are unproductive and I have things to do tomorrow ( today ! ) so I shall give slumber my best shot . Sweet dreams , everybody . 
Does anyone with a vehicle feel like going to the library with me later ? I hate to ask for things but it's too gross outside for me to ride my bike there . 
But not a real green dress , that's cruel . 
If anyone wants one of my senior pictures , I just found a whole bunch of leftover wallet-sized ones when I was cleaning my room and I don't really know what to do with them . Just let me know ... 
I found some cards from my 17th birthday as I was cleaning my room , and I came across one from Cherith J . Hague that still had $10 in it ! :D 
AND MY AXE 
\ ... says the man with the estrogen finger ... \"" 
Nessun dorma ! Nessun dorma ! Tu pure , o Principessa , < PROPFEMALE > tua < PROPFEMALE > stanza , guardi < PROPFEMALE > stel < PROPFEMALE > che tremano d'amore , e di speranza ! 
detests child prodigies with a passion . 
is in a terrible mood , and very hungry , and probably won't sleep tonight ... like last night . 
\Treacle tarts ! \ " \ " And ice cream ! \"" 
has slept for about four sporadic hours since waking up on Thursday morning ... 
wonders if she can make it through a third sleepless night ... she wants to try to push herself to do it , but that probably isn't very healthy . 
, thanks to her trusty high-heeled shoe , was able to effectively slay the huge moth that had plagued her room . Now she might be able to sleep ( though she'll keep the shoe nearby , just in case the moth had a friend ... ) 
He wasn't no drug dealer , momma ; he was a dancer with the dull eyes of a steer and a lion's mane ! Bear me no public opinion , it never answers whatever intuition cannot explain . 
Bat Wars 2 : The One That Didn't Get Away- as I sat calmly in my room a few minutes ago , guess what began flapping its way around my room ? ANOTHER FREAKING BAT . However , instead of being trapped in my room and therefore breeding fear and paranoia in my heart , this one was annihilated by my father , < PROPMALE > Lynch , and for that , I thank him . I can sleep soundly tonight , if indeed I sleep at all . 
Well , hey there Good Night's Sleep . It's been what , three days now since we've seen each other ? Man , we used to be best friends ! Let's reconnect for a while , okay ? Though your absence has resulted in some interesting times , it's probably better that we stick together more often . I hope you agree and don't desert me again . I don't know if I could handle a fourth day without you . 
compared to the previous two sleepless nights , my nine hours of deep slumber last night felt really really good . But now I want more ! 
is probably going to go for a bike ride in a little bit . If you want to meet up or something , let me know ... the night is still young . 
Those who say dreams are just dreams say words end when you can't hear them . Listen closely as they fade and witness the world's construction . 
... and not me ? 
wouldn't mind a conversation or some activity right about now ... 
My back can't be in pain enough ... to keep me from getting to you , babe . 
wishes she could find her copies of Tarzan and The Little Mermaid ! D: 
got three shots today . Yay ( ow ) . And Mr. Plato STILL hasn't arrived in the mail , but my debit card did . 
And they say that he got crazy once and he tried to touch the sun . 
Rasslin ' . 
There's always just one car , no more , no less . 
can see the sun peeking out from the clouds . Let's hope it decides to come out and play . 
\Everyone knows that the bad guys aren't good . \"" 
isn't really loving the burn on the roof of her mouth . 
had to push herself to get up at 3 and has been ready to go to bed since 8 . Something isn't quite right here ... 
\My Wampa fell down ! \"" 
\How can he see he's got flies in his eyes if he's got flies in his eyes ? \"" 
goes to < PROPFIRST > University in two weeks ! I'm still waiting for my Plato book to get here ( which was supposed to happen by either today or tomorrow ) , yet the mail has done nothing but disappoint . 
Money is liquid . 
I'm like a dog ; I never speak , but I understand . 
loves lamp . 
My request to move in early has been approved . Huzzah ! 
just found out that her copy of The Republic shipped yesterday ... so it should be here this week , right ? Right ? Ahhhh 
The faces all around me , they don't smile , they just crack . Waiting for our ship to come but our ship's not coming back . We do our time like pennies in a jar ... What are we saving for ? 
Sipping on hemlock ' cause I got overdue billings on my desktop , when I've been overthought an ' undercooked , that's when I need me time . 
About 2/3 of the socks I am packing for college do not have partners . But that hasn't stopped me before . ^_^ 
loves chilly nights . 
was a model today . Weird , right ? 
ATTENTION : The < PROPMALE > Lynch ( aka my dad ) Trio will be playing at Bobaloon's this Friday from 11:00 am to 1:00 pm . They mostly play jazz , but they'll also be playing some Beatles tunes , along with songs from recent Esky musicals and \a special treat from Sweeney Todd\ " ! Show up and see them play ! " 
needs to finish Catch-22 and hopefully at least one other book ( plus The Republic , if it ever even gets delivered ) in the next almost-2 weeks ! Ahhh ! 
http://roflrazzi.com/2010/08/25/celebrity-pictures-vampires-suck-other-guys/ 
I'm re-posting this for those who didn't see it the first time on any of my family member's profiles :\ 
It smells like cotton < PROPFEMALE > ! 
\That's it ! You cocky cock ! You'll pay for your crimes against humanity ! \"" 
Usually I try not to spew opinions on things , but the fact that there is even an argument about the mosque two blocks from Ground Zero is ridiculous . Don't start a debate in my status comments , okay ? Do it in your own space . 
\Be thankful you're healthy . \ " \ 
needs to get out of the house . Does anyone want to go for a bike ride or something ? 
will be very sad when hoodies go out of style . 
can't believe she was up before 10 . Gotta shower , and then it's off to Bobaloon's and then probably a walk to Record Rack . 
has come to the conclusion that she is a lot more interesting/funny/clever online than in real life , where she is actually rather dull . 
What happened to the cold ? I miss it . 
is really starting to dislike it here . 
FINALLY got her copy of The Republic . 
Beautiful . \ 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jXhz0MHBd8w 
I hitched a ride with my soul by the side of the road just as the sky turned black . I took a walk with my fame down memory < PROPFIRST > , I never did find my way back . 
I don't like rats at the best of times . 
Honestly , the only part of college life I am not looking forward to is sharing a bathroom with a whole floor of people . That just seems so weird and awkward . Everything else is cool though ... just not that . 
somehow needs to be asleep by midnight at the latest . This will be tough . 
bought a Spongebob coloring book to go with her Disney < PROPFEMALE > one ! 
Someone should probably tie me down and hide anything breakable . But only if they want a kick in the face . 
happens to really really love Celtic music . 
\Why did she do that ? \ " \ " Because she was making a joke !!! \"" 
took melatonin for the first time since the school year . Let's hope it works fast ... 
was up at 6 . And I get to do it again tomorrow . And Thursday . Meh . 
forgot to add that she is going off to < PROPFIRST > University in one week . Which makes her pretty much the last one to head to college . 
Time for a quick nap before dinner ? I think so . 
needs to be productive and stuff ... after she's done with her bowl of ramen . 
\Uhhh ... how ' bout a girl who's got a brain and always speaks her mind ..? \"" 
got a new phone . I will probably text my new number to the people that I actually talk to soon , or you can message me and I will tell it to you . 
wonders why her phone keeps turning off ... 
just picked up her copy of the new Arcade Fire CD ! Yay ! Also , for the record , I am a \really fun babysitter\ " . Just so you know . " 
is productively packing , and is closer to being done than she had thought . 
Winter at college will be a piece of cake ... Appleton only gets an average of four feet of snow per winter . Don't worry guys , I got this . ^_^ 
just watched the 100 ways to love a cat . I think I will make a song called \100 Ways to Love a Cath\ " so no one will annoy me anymore . " 
Step by step , heart to heart , left right left , we all fall down like toy soldiers . 
\Hey mom ! Is today Friday or Saturday or what ? \ " \ " Today is Wednesday ! \"" 
meant to eat dinner as soon as soon as she got home an hour and a half ago ... it still hasn't happened . Hm . 
So I've realized that when I go to college , I will keep up my nice , cheerful facade ( you know , the kind you have to have online ) for a while , but then I will gradually start to disappoint everyone with my negativity and introversion . 
Just for the record , my going away party is still tonight at 7 at the park unless the rain is really bad . We'll be under the pavilion & it'll be an adventure . 
Don't forget , I'm having a going away party at the park at 7 and everyone is welcome to come ! We'll probably be under the pavilion in case of rain . Be there ! 
Gah . So much food . 
Baby it's cold outside . 
is loving the chill in the air . 
Casino twice today ... I'll have to be smart with my money and my gambling skizzles . 
is stressing out A LOT because she can't find her iPod !!! It's in the house though ... that's a comfort . Kind of . 
FOUND HER IPOD !!! 
Maybe it's my < PROPFEMALE > to never finish Catch-22 ... 
If the sun was shining , this weather would be perfect . 
Looking at Appleton restaurant websites is really exciting ( which is kinda sad ) , but not good to do when one is extremely hungry ... 
Well , I found my iPod but now I need to find my boxes of jewelry , preferably by tomorrow morning . Too bad I have absolutely no idea where they could be . D: 
came out even at her second casino run today . Time to go to bed ... so much to do in the next two days . ( insert stressed yet content-ish but a little bit sad smiley face here ) 
I would buy you some < PROPMALE > , a Picasso or a Garfunkel . 
WHY IS THE GAMBLING AGE IN WISCONSIN 21 ?????????? Ugh . 
One can never have enough hoodies and pajama pants , in my opinion . 
Never underestimate the power of a good dollar store ( especially when shopping for college) ! 
Boo , my < PROPFEMALE > figurine is missing her stand . I guess I'll have to pin her to < PROPFIRST > or something ... 
It struck me that the two of us could run . 
Going to college today ... 
That one building in Marinette always reminds me of Gringott's . I bet there are some other people who know what I mean ... 
wishes it was easier to hook up the internet here ... grrrrr . 
for sure left one box of stuff at home . Typical . 
One drawer of my dresser is all socks . 
Dear < PROPFIRST > computer network thingy : you SUCK . Thanks for ruining iTunes and probably deleting my 9000 songs . And thanks for not letting me on the Internet . 
This is the earliest I've gone to bed in weeks ... 
should probably get used to early mornings and sore legs and feet ... 
Well , I'm broke , so I'm offiicially a college student ... 
has internet now ! 
< PROPFIRST > people ! Come to Kohler 407 to say hello !!! 
is SO glad that her thousands of songs did NOT get deleted ! Now it's time to try the camera connection again ... fingers crossed . 
sucks at bonding and socializing . 
got indirectly mentioned at that freshman assembly dealio . I was the one who inquired about the nearest casino . YEAH 
should have gotten up at 7:30 to go to that student employment meeting ... luckily they repeat it two more times throughout the week , and hey , I might be employed by then . So basically , I have nothing to do today except from 11:30 to around 2 . That's really nice . 
Hello darkness , my old friend , I've come to talk with you again . 
I'll meet you anytime you want in our Italian restaurant . 
applied for a library job today , met her advisor and a bunch of other people , went for a nighttime walk around Appleton with < PROPFIRST > Nokes , and is about to join her in her room along with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > . Exhausted ? Yes indeed . 
doesn't really have much to do today ... except writing letters and coloring . 
Note to self : When you go to shower , don't forget your towel ! 
If my Freshman Studies class is in MUSI 146 , what building is that ? I don't want to be lost or anything ... 
is about to try microwaving ramen ... I hope it works . 
I'm such a recluse ... and anyone is more than welcome to join me . xD 
wishes she was not so antisocial ... 
wishes her internet would start working right about now ... Grrrrrr . 
Today , when I have the most to do , I am the most tired . Naturally . 
I'm probably going to be one of those people who is half an hour early to their first class ... but at least I know where it is now . 
loves the extent to which awkward silence prevails at < PROPFIRST > . It's legitimately awesome . 
has 40 minutes to figure out what to take this year ... and it's pretty much just going to be required stuff that doesn't really pertain to my potential major(s ? ) so ... yay . 
isn't really that happy about her classes this year , but they could be worse ... a lot of them were already almost full . >:( 
Does anyone know how long that Playfair thing lasts ? 
was forced to be outgoing and yell and scream and stuff ... and it was kind of fun . 
There have been enjoyable times here at college , but today was probably the most actual FUN I've had yet here . 
See , I would totally love to go to the mall in Appleton today , but only if I trusted myself not to spend too much money . 
just saw a kid at Target who looked EXACTLY like < PROPFIRST > fromn\ 
Up ! 
Neither the Appleton mall nor the Green Bay mall has an F.Y.E. Why ????????? According to the downtown Appleton website there's a record store downtown though ... I need to find it ASAP . 
Watching Kill < PROPMALE > with a few people in the lounge . 
So um ... I'm pretty sure Tarantino movies are meant to be morbidly funny . Some people just don't agree , I guess . 
Smile though your heart is aching , smile even though it's breaking . 
is probably not going to sleep tonight ... let's hope it's not another round of insomnia . 
This is probably the most uncomfortable bed I've ever slept on . Yay dorm furniture . 
Maybe I'll sleep through the mandatory class dinner and the mandatory residence hall meeting and all the time I should be studying ... and maybe the next ten years or so . 
Buying textbooks is a very bad thing . 
Multiple crises , they get you down ... 
Oreos , Coke , and Kill < PROPMALE > 2 ... best way ever to spend the night before classes start . 
\Hey do you guys remember that time we punched our way out of a coffin ? That was a good time . Good community bonding . \"" 
Oh < PROPFIRST > University , please offer more jobs , and please hire me soon . My desperation my soon drive me to madness . 
is pretty much incompetent at < PROPMALE > , which she found out is actually every day , not just Monday , Wednesday , and Friday . Ugh . 
To my Facebook friends ... did I ever lend out my copy of the book Wicked to anyone ? I can't find it and I would really like to know where it is , so if you borrowed it from me , please let me know ! 
The past week has been the highest concentration of change that I have ever experienced ... I'm pretty sure more of it has been bad than good . 
Every man has a place , in his heart there's a space and the world can't erase his fantasies . Take a ride in the sky n our ship , fantasize , all your dreams will come true right away . 
REALLY wants to sing along with her classic rock music at the top of her lungs , but the walls are so thin that everyone would hear ... 
is pretty sure she bites the side of her tongue when she sleeps ... it hurts so bad . 
Oh , why you look so sad ? Tears are in your eyes , come on and come to me now . Don't be ashamed to cry , let me see you through ' cause I've seen the dark side too . 
hopes that this trend of < PROPMALE > class getting done half an hour early continues ... 
Stockholm syndrome . 
There were incidents and accidents , there were hints and allegations . 
wishes the desks in her classes were big enough to sleep on . Maybe Intro to Theatre will just end early again so she can nap . 
Ghost Writer is showing at 8 , but the Best Coast concert is at 9 ... oh , the choices . 
Another bright red day . 
Don't you love farce ? My fault , I fear . I thought that you'd want what I want ... Sorry , my dear . 
Apparently , Facebook and Broadway songs > homework . 
“It says ‘pure and clear’ but sometimes it’s so clear I just can’t see it ! ” < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > 
WHY does the Cats Don't Dance soundtrack have to be so expensive ?!?!?! I know it's not that popular , but I didn't think it was rare enough to ask for $70 on Amazon ! The thing is , I would actually pay that . Isn't that sad ? But maybe if anyone wants to be benevolent around Christmas , I won't have to . Hint hint , people ... 
thinks her interview went okay ... let's hope her lucky Beethoven socks did their job ! 
\That's why theatre is so cool ... it's like a little salad ! \"- Prof . < PROPFIRST > " 
hopes Friday classes go by fast because she is pretty much a zombie right now ... 
\That was the elevator ! \ " \ 
Free membership to the Y , hurray ! 
Two free CDs , some < PROPFEMALE > , a couple of buttons , and fighting with fake swords ... activities fair ftw ! 
More free stuff ! 
wishes people would actually be online at 2:44 in the morning ( 3:44 all my eastern time friends ... ) Whatever happened to staying up late on the weekends ? Seriously . 
Of all the things that people blast while driving by , I never would have expected \Losing My Religion\ " by R.E.M. But it helped me to realize which band I'm going to be listening to all day ... " 
Swing dancing , hanging out in a Steinway gallery , finding a somewhat shady-looking music/import store ( which I need to visit when it's actually open ) , and asking a random guy in Subway what the tax is in Wisconsin ... that's my day so far . 
DID YOU KNOW ? Cows can sleep standing up , but they can only dream lying down . 
\We're rebels that go to the Shakespeare movie instead of the frat party ... \"" 
Here's a question : If you had to sing one song for karaoke or something , which one sing would you choose ? ( For the record , mine would be \Alone\ " by Heart . ) " 
would like to remind everyone that today is National Talk Like A Pirate Day . Keep that in mind as you go about your business today . 
is freaking out with < PROPFEMALE > Smith over the DVD re-release of Beauty and the Beast ( October 5th ) and the upcoming 3D release in theaters ( though we don't know when that will be yet ) . Either way , it is still cause for shrieking at each other in excitement over Skype . 
\Stars and what other shape appear on < PROPFIRST>'s hat ? \ " \ " Crescents . He must be one of those Muslims .... \"" 
can't imagine what it's like to have an 8:30 class . Getting ready in time for my 9:50 one is bad enough . 
feels naptastic . 
is going to Quiz Bowl in a few minutes . Something tells me it just won't be the same without < PROPMALE > Ciofu , Sofie Berres , < PROPFIRST > Whitman , Zildjian Olson , Cherith J . Hague , < PROPFIRST > LaFave , or anyone else . :( 
just discovered that her copy of The Intellectual Devotional has writing in it . Amazon said it was brand new ! D:< 
thinks she's coming down with a cold ... 
Thank you Goodwill , you've made me almost completely broke . 
is going to try really really hard to get to bed early tonight . It will most likely fail . 
So after a day spent buying five CDs and a book from Goodwill ( after going to a sketchy store ) with < PROPFIRST > Nokes and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > , successfully doing laundry for the first time , and having a Glee party in the basement lounge , it is time to sit down and listen to the nine Broadway soundtracks I got from the library ! 
Who cares about diamonds ? Melatonin is this girl's best friend . 
We'll haunt like Liberace . 
Appleton Police : Fighting crime . Solving problems . 
There's so many times I've let you down , so many times I've played around ; I tell you now , they don't mean a thing . 
Somebody hold me too close ! Somebody force me to care ! Somebody make me come through , I'll always be there , as frightened as you of being alive . 
Everyone is putting pressure on me . Not to be a whiny-pants , but I put enough pressure on myself , so the whole world can stop doing it too , okay ? 
Time for breakfast * yawns sleepily * 
I'm not the only one having Facebook problems , am I ? 
\Look ! Look what came back ! It's Facebook ! It's back ! \ " \ 
You will ignore , I will pretend . 
TGIF 
Three hour nap , yay ! 
You're off the edge of the map , mate . Here there be monsters . 
Ten hours of sleep last night ... too bad I had to get up . 
Lazy days shouldn't include homework . 
Ode to Oktoberfest\ 
The warm scent of beer permeating the air\ 
The crunch of empty plastic cups under our shoes\ 
And some random drunk dudes yelling . \ 
What more could one ask for ? 
needs to figure out what to be for Halloween ... suggestions , please ? 
\I have two tin mans !!! Tin men ... \"" 
Some people are like Slinkies ... not really good for anything , but you can't help smiling when you see one tumble down the stairs . 
had a dream in which she was at the casino ... 
\It's Coco Cabana . Aka ... coconut . \"" 
Please put this as your status if you know or are related to someone killed on Alderaan when it was obliterated by the Death < PROPFEMALE > . My wish is that people will understand that the Empire is a band of murdering scum . The Rebel Alliance wants to bring peace to the galaxy , but the Galactic Empire continues to kill innocent civilians . 93% won't copy this . Will YOU make this your status ? 
< PROPFIRST > Nokes : Washington D.C. is really nice though ! \ 
< PROPFEMALE > Williams : Yeah , but it has one of the highest crime rates . \ 
< PROPFIRST > Harrity : Outside of Congress ? 
Happy birthday to both my father and Meat Loaf ! 
a ) needs a job . \ 
b ) probably won't get a job . \ 
c ) is struggling under all the pressure of adjusting to college and the needing-to-find-a-job thing isn't helping at all because she has applied for everything and is up against so many other people and is doing her best , which is all she can do . \ 
d ) All of the above . 
Yesterday , I heard someone call a drinking fountain a bubbler for the first time . I always thought that was just a myth . 
watching < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > ( with no sound ) while working out at the Y ... fun times . 
There were bats in my dream ... 
If anyone finds my < PROPFIRST > ID , please return it to me or my room ASAP ... 
The only thing worse than not knowing is you thinking that I don't know . 
Sometimes , I really REALLY hate the internet service at < PROPFIRST > . 
' s got the power in her hand to shock you like you won't believe ... 
thinks the Y might be one of her new favorite places ... 
Model citizen , zero discipline . 
LOVES being sick . Not . 
is leaving town with twice as much stuff as she arrived with . 
is always so overwhelmed . 
We're not supposed to go to class if we feel sick ... but if we miss class then we fall hopelessly behind for weeks . School in general needs to be a little more user-friendly , especially for the ill . 
\What is bagel-ness ? \"- Prof . Biringer " 
is probably not going to class tomorrow . But I don't see why , when we are sick , we are supposed to walk to the health center to get checked by a nurse ? I understand that people might just skip class saying they are sick , but what if you are really ill and can't make it over there ? What then ? 
Besides , I'd much rather sing to you . 
So far , the two times I have missed < PROPMALE > class have been on days right before tests . My professor is gonna start to suspect something . But this also means that I HAVE to go to class tomorrow . 
Does anyone have 75 cents ( in quarters ) that I can borrow for laundry ? 
wonders why the printer in this building doesn't work half the time . 
thinks there should be a pill to cure writer's block ... especially when writing a paper for class . 
feels so stupid . Ugh . 
would like to inform everyone that < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > is a scary cat . So you'd better watch out ! 
Joining that CD swapping club means I need a job to pay for postage ... who knew people would actually want some of my old CDs ? Oh well , more for me when all is said and done . 
It smells like kindergarten . 
is feeling some primary colors . 
Maybe it would be better if I stopped putting the < PROPFIRST > pins on my face . 
NEEDS to watch Beauty and the Beast ... SOON . 
got up all by herself today . But when the muffins are gone , where will my motivation go ? 
< PROPMALE > the Arbor Day snail ... 
got her CD in the mail today ! The first of many , she hopes . 
Two status updates in a row , but I don't even care because I found out that there are < PROPMALE > Silly Bandz !!!!! I might have to hop this trend wagon before it's too late ... 
People are crazy . I'm moving to Canada . Or else I'm gonna fulfill my lifelong goal and live as a hermitess in a cave in Greece . 
is totally jacked to go see a Dark Side of the < PROPFEMALE > laser show in two weeks ! 
Whatsamatter whatsamatter whatsamatter you ? Whatsamatter babe , are you feeling blue ? 
just wants to sit for hours read for enjoyment . Is that too much to ask , homework ? I literally have not read for pleasure since I got here . 
chugs milk on her tiptoes . 
Pandora lies about the 250 free business cards . I tried it , and you have to pay $4.99 for ( I assume ) shipping . Lame . I actually wanted them too . \ 
This is what I do instead of writing my paper . Yeah . 
is still behind on Freshman Studies , despite staying up till 3 in the morning ... ah well . Today is the last day of Plato anyway . 
< PROPFEMALE > Wars weekend in the Kohler lounge ! 
just ordered the Hunchback of Notre Dame soundtrack . For free ! Woohoo ! 
would like to thank < PROPFEMALE > Tarr for providing me with the Hunchback of Notre Dame so I needn't order it ! Oh yeah , and also for getting me hooked on Sporcle ... like I didn't have enough things to distract me from homework already ... :P 
dreamed that Kiss was coming to < PROPFIRST > to do a free show . Sadly , she was woken up before she could see them . Curse you , 10:30 a.m. midterm review ! 
would like to thank her mother for buying her the < PROPMALE > Silly Bandz !!!!!! 
I think I have decided that if/when I ever get a job , I am going to try to start saving for a car . I didn't think I would want one in college ... I was wrong . 
It's because I keep to myself . 
Hibernation mode . 
Today I realized that , while I am very bad at jogging/running , I am somewhat better at it than I previously thought . However , I still cannot imagine why anyone in their right mind would join track or , god forbid , cross country ... 
Quiz in < PROPMALE > ( on which I probably will do very poorly ) , midterm in Freshman Studies ( which I will probably fail ) , and probable quiz in Intro to Theatre ( not bad ) . I can't wait for the evening . 
Why is < PROPFIRST > Momsen even famous ? She's super gross and trashy and biznatchy . 
totally appreciates < PROPFIRST > Nokes for introducing her to Ted : Ideas Worth Spreading . Oh , and Firefly . Oh yeah , and Paperback Swap ! Woohoo nerdy awesomeness ! 
MEDIA VIOLENCE . 
thinks that today just might end up being the perfect combination of relaxation and productivity . 
Me : \Apparently 
How is it that any human being is able to willingly wake up before at least 9:00 in the morning ( and even that is pushing it) ? I can't imagine having that sort of drive and innate productivity . 
Hey < PROPFIRST > friends ! Are any of you decent at cutting hair ? I really want to take a few inches off , but I know I will mess it up if I try to do it myself . Ability to incorporate a couple of long layers is a plus ... please let me know . ( If it turns out that someone actually CAN , I'm not paying you , except in kindness or something . Just putting that out there . I'm practically broke . ) 
is way more observant and perceptive than most people realize . 
saw a Dalmatian puppy om campus !!! Awww . 
can't believe there's still three hours till dinner ... it feels like 6:00 , not 2:00 . 
There's a little black spot on the sun today . 
It's been a long time since I've had a Jones Soda . Oh , delicious . 
While crunching leaves in front of Main Hall today , I realized how unbelievably green the grass is . It's sad that most people probably miss out on that . 
is officially employed !!! 
almost can't handle the concept of free time ... but she's not complaining ! 
\Never trust a woman who says she isn't angry . \"" 
So naturally , I would be walking around campus in my pajamas and un-showered as groups of visitors are getting campus tours . However , I'm 99% certain that the bird I saw flying overhead was a bald eagle . 
\What am I doing ? ... I'm chasing this guy . Nope ... he's chasing me . \"" 
is still pretty tired after the dumpster adventure last night with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > . 
thinks that < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > need to eat some of what is in this bag . 
Two books and a CD in the mail today ... maybe it's a sign that today is lucky and maybe I won't fail my Intro to Theatre midterm . 
starts work tomorrow ... weird ! 
Boggis , Bunce , and Bean , one fat , one short , one < PROPFEMALE > ... Those horrible crooks , so different in looks , were nonetheless equally mean . 
And I better not paddle upstream anymore , ' cause this canoe is sinking . 
still can't understand how she managed to lose her laundry detergent ... 
TGIW ... this four-day weekend has been calling my name since before I came here . 
doesn't understand why someone would slash everyone's bike tires ... I guess I won't be riding around town anytime soon . 
I feel bad for college kids who don't have reading period ... >:) 
I need to do my laundry , and I mean to ... too bad people get their laundry going right when I am ready . Lol . 
They salivated for red meat ; he served them a toffee . 
thinks she's going to be reclusive today . At least until the evening comes along and she forces everyone to watch < PROPMALE > Horror . 
Not even noon and I'm ready for bed . I'll settle for a nap . 
\There's not a red moose ! It's a CHESTNUT moose ! \"" 
He thought you were the ... candyman . 
I'll copy everyone else ... \ 
Like my status and I'll tell you : \ 
1 . Something I've learned about you by looking at your wall for 13 seconds , \ 
2 . The color you remind me of , \ 
3 . My first memory of you , \ 
4 . The animal you remind me of , \ 
5 . Something I've always wondered about you , \ 
6 . My favorite thing about you , \ 
7 . Give you a weird nickname , \ 
8 . What instrument i would have you play if you were in a band of mine 
HATES getting graded on participation in classes . It's stupid . And in the classes where it's relevant ( Freshman Studies and Intro to Theatre ) , the same three or four people talk ALL the time and I am never able to say anything . Plus I am shy . Maybe I'll just become an annoying teacher's pet so I can do well grade-wise in classes that I actually am good at . 
The lunatic is in my head . 
is hoping really really hard that she's not getting sick ( AGAIN ) ... 
\Oh that's bubble gum ? I thought he was saying ' number'!\ " < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > " 
eats way better at college than she did at home . In fact , today was maybe the second or third time she has overeaten . Odd . 
College is good for my physical health , but in a lot of ways it is terrible for my mental health . UGH . 
TWO MONTHS UNTIL CHRISTMAS !!!! 
Appleton is weird ... every day the drivers on the road cause me to fear for my life , some girl just complained about the cold ( it's just under 60 degrees , lol ) , and the < PROPFEMALE > ale is legit ( aka oddly spicy-ish ) . 
is scared to walk to class/lunch/work in this storm ... 
found out that the < PROPMALE > homework she's been doing , thinking it was due Monday and today , is actually due tomorrow and Thursday . I need to learn my < PROPMALE > days of the week better . But at least I don't have to do any more homework for that class this week ! :D 
UGH sometimes I don't know whether to be super reclusive or to seek out lots of company . 
has clouded your mind with a hypnotic mist ... 
Someone is whistling \Bittersweet Symphony\ " in the hall . Rad . " 
is a robot . Too bad it won't last . 
\You couldn't tell his head had been bashed in unless you looked very closely ... \"" 
Color therapy . 
doesn't know what to do/be for Halloween . :( 
Soooo many hipsters . 
Some people don't know that Into the Woods has two acts , I guess ... 
And what you say about his company is what you say about society . 
is hearing a lecture from a \Potter scholar\ " ... too bad it's not actually about < PROPMALE > Potter . " 
It's a classic rock day . And I'm a rock < PROPFEMALE > . 
is starting to get excited to see her first live performance of < PROPMALE > Horror tonight ! 
Stay sane inside insanity ... 
Don't get hot and flustered , use a bit of mustard ! 
So then I tried a little < PROPFIRST > , I've gone identity mad ! 
loves that the Dagohrir Battle Gamers are able to share Main Hall Green with a wedding party getting their pictures done ... And it's not even weird . 
is not getting into the spirit of Halloween , sadly . 
It's one of those nights . 
is glad that she is roomies with Miss < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > . :) 
So it's Halloween ... and I have no Halloween plans except homework . Yay for me . 
Lame status update alert : I REALLY want a sandwich , but I'm scared to walk to the campus center alone . Again . But I think I really LOVE sandwiches . 
is disgusted by No Shave November . Men trying to be manly ... this can only end one way . GROSS . 
Lumpi is the most popular name for dogs in Germany . 
is eating the best ( only ) curried chicken salad wrap of her life . 
In bed by 10 ... it's really gonna happen this time ! Momentous . 
is not registered to vote , but she certainly hopes that many ( liberal-minded ) Wisconsin citizens are , and take advantage of it ... 
Eight full hours of sleep ... I might have to try this again sometime . 
Sarcastic tunes on plastic spoons . 
is glad no one saw her fall down the steps when she was leaving work ... >_< 
voted , even though Facebook decided to be stupid and not let her post it through that one application . I VOTED 
People talking without speaking , people hearing without listening . 
So it appears that my vote isn't really counting , like they say ... Wisconsin , you're starting to disappoint me ! 
Wow , Wisconsin . Way to elect a Tea Partier for senator . Nice going on that one . For real . \ 
Sarcasm . 
There are reasons that I remain silent most of the time . 
My plan : someday move to Denmark , the country where people are generally the happiest . Free health care for everyone , environmentally conscious , less of a workaholic lifestyle , and ( best ! ) it is much more acceptable , and even encouraged to have introverted habits . Oh and , you often get money for going to school . It's a utopia , I think . Seriously . 
NOT TO MENTION THE FACT THAT YOU'RE TALKING TO A DEAD GUY ... NOW WHAT DO YOU THINK ?!? You think I'm qualified ? 
\BETHT BIRTHDAY EVARRR ! \"- < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > " 
He said , you don't tell diseases their names . 
does not want to go to < PROPMALE > class , especially with about five hours of sleep . Long day today . >:( 
Don't get me wrong , I'm EXTREMELY thankful to be employed , but I detest obligations of every sort . They prevent me from doing what I want to do ( sleep , for example ) . 
It's just one of those days . As always . 
Opera day in Intro to Theatre ! It was most joyous . Too bad I missed musical theatre day on Wednesday ... oh well . 
As much as I want to say the now-overused phrase , I will only say : Happy Guy Fawkes Day . 
Catharsis . 
Christmas music !!!!!!!!!!! I love Christmas . 
is going to miss Appleton's Christmas parade ! The biggest nigh t-t ime parade in Wisconsin , and I am going to miss it ! NOOOOOOOOO !!!!!!! 
The sun setting at 5 pm doesn't exactly do wonders for me . 
isn't just physically exhausted , mentally drained , and sleepy . It's complete and utter weariness of mind , body , and soul . Cliché ? Perhaps . Most likely . But true beyond belief . 
is gonna fail her classes and doesn't even care about it anymore . 
can't wait until her five-week winter break . 
just remembered that she has a horrifically long day tomorrow . 
Grotesquely sentimental . 
When I go home I can drink chocolate milk all the time . I won't have to worry about whether I have enough money on me to go buy more when I run out . I won't have to ration it to a couple drinks per meal . It will be amazing . 
is extremely worried that she may not be able to go home next weekend to see her friends in the musical ... 
wishes the printer in Kohler would actually work once in a while . 
Someone at work was listening to Christmas music . I noticed this because I recognized \The First Toymakers to the King\ " from < PROPFEMALE > Claus is Coming To Town . It was awesome . " 
always craves a sandwich/wrap at about this time of day , but her money must be saved to buy chocolate milk ! Oh , conflict ! This symbolizes something , I bet . 
We all need at least a little < PROPMALE > Collins in our lives . Though a lot would be preferable . 
would seriously go on a late-night bike ride if a ) it was actually late at night and not 1 in the afternoon , b ) her bike tires hadn't gotten slashed , and c ) if it was not rainy outside . 
loves being lazy and reclusive . Seriously . What should be a paper-writing session is most likely going to be a one-woman movie party . And it's awesome . 
\I wish you'd be more true to your demographic profile . Life is confusing enough . \"" 
Weird days . Gonna be a short night . 
Dreary days can in fact be nice . Snow would perfect it . 
It feels like an Iron Maiden sort of day . 
wonders how much her Freshman Studies grade would go down if she didn't write this paper . It's probably not even worth writing . 
Is it too much to ask for just a little bit of snow ? A < PROPFEMALE > little bit that will actually stay on the ground for more than a second ? 
No < PROPMALE > final ! NICE . 
I've come to the conclusion that , although I have a terribly unnatural love for Christmas , I'm very glad it's only once a year . This , however , will not stop me from listening to Christmas music all year round . 
\I just ... don't want to be a bearded Saint < PROPMALE > anymore !!! \ " < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > " 
Looking at the cafeteria menu for the week is probably not the best thing to do when your stomach is growling at 1 in the morning . 
Last day of work ! Two more days of getting up early ! In a week I shall be free . 
just got her copy of The Importance of Being < PROPMALE > in the mail . Score ! How am I supposed to write a paper with all the great things I have to read ? 
having an awesome focusing party ( or maybe not ) with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > ! 
My self-esteem and mood were raised like twenty points because I actually finished one sentence of my paper ! I'm on a roll here ! 
has been using Firefox for how many years now , and just realized that the logo has an actual fox on it . I feel like such a derp . 
Two late nights . This can't continue . Oh wait ! It's not going to . Awesome ! 
is very proud of Zildjian Olson , < PROPFIRST > Whitman , < PROPMALE > Gagnier , and < PROPFIRST > Lynch for bringing < PROPFEMALE > to the Escanaba Quiz Bowl team once again . 
A rave episode of Glee . It's gotta happen , I tell you . 
can't wait to be reunited with a reliable internet connection that actually lets her check Facebook . Not that I'm addicted , it's just rather annoying . 
FACEBOOK LIVES ! \ 
Also , I am extremely jealous of everyone who is going to see < PROPMALE > Potter tonight , as I am pretty sure I won't be able to see it for at least another week and a half ... so have fun , people . 
\Oh ! So that's what an invisible barrier looks like ! \"" 
New goal : Win lottery , quit college , travel and experience and learn and hopefully be happy . \ 
If winning the lottery doesn't work out , maybe working as much as I can and taking a year off would do the trick . Hm . 
Does anyone want to go to Half Price Books later this afternoon ? 
Bassoon ensemble playing Christmas music in the campus center ? Yup . < PROPFIRST > University , everyone . :D 
wishes SO much that she could be seeing Bye Bye < PROPFEMALE > . Good luck everyone . 
is alternating between watching Spartacus and listening to Christmas music . She's currently having a contest with < PROPFEMALE > Smith to see who can find the best Christmas song . :D 
Forget the epic story and < PROPMALE > Kubrick . What makes Spartacus a classic is totally < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE>'s < PROPFEMALE > cleft . 
just hit herself in the face with her computer . Ridiculous . 
Fire alarms for burnt popcorn . Awesome . 
thinks that < PROPFIRST > should offer free chiropractic services to its students . 
But there are no cats in < PROPFEMALE > , and the streets are paved with cheese . 
just packed 40-50 books for her six-week break . No way are they all gonna get read , but everyone needs their security blanket right ? 
is almost completely packed for Tuesday . Wish me luck on my first final tomorrow . It's probably gonna kick my butt . 
finished her first ( and worst ) final , and is now settling down with Ever After and possibly the worst dinner ever to celebrate the last night here for six weeks . Yeah ! 
is finally pretty much packed , ready to leave tomorrow . And then depart again the next day . Wheeee . 
finished her exam in 45 minutes , sold her book back for $40 , made it back just in time to see Bye Bye < PROPFEMALE > , which was really good , then < PROPMALE > out with people until 4:30 and got to sleep at 6 am . Now it's time to do some unpacking and repacking before I leave again in a couple of hours . 
Thanks a lot , stupid < PROPFIRST > network , for rendering my wireless router completely useless at my house . Just great . Maybe I'll just buy a new one . \ 
Don't offer to fix it either , because I would just have to get it reconfigured again when ( if ) I go back to college . 
will not have phone service or internet over the majority of the next few days so don't expect any immediate replies . 
Perhaps it is < PROPFEMALE > that constantly separates me from a good night's sleep . 
Bye , < PROPMALE > . Hope you find your dad . 
The street is a snake skin . 
is rocking out to Symphony of Science with her wee sissy . 
My fingernails are proclaiming the spirit of Christmas . 
is off to visit her < PROPFEMALE > mater , good old Esky High . This should be interesting . 
\Hey Soul Sister\ " on Glee ? Yes please ! " 
finds herself craving a sandwich or wrap of some sort yet again . 
might as well head over to the school again later and see what Chess Club is up to ... ^_^ 
I never thought that any anything could rival \Santa Baby\ " for the worst Christmas song ... I was wrong . Check out \ " Christmas Alphabet\ " by the McGuire Sisters . " 
I'm finally starting to regain my appetite , which may or may not be a good thing ... I just hope my sleeping pattern follows suit sometime really soon . 
should probably wear actual walking shoes when she goes for a walk ... 
As of right now , the only things I miss about college are the food and the free Y membership ... 
\That's the first step towards becoming healthy : having pizza not be your favorite food . The next step is making celery your favorite food . \"" 
The first of my free samples arrived : two packets of Emergen-C ! :D 
I absolutely HATE being told what to do , yet I can't stand making decisions . 
is pretty sure that her body has an aversion to heat in both summer and winter . 
I've asked before , but I need to ask again : Did I ever lend my copy of either Wicked ( by < PROPFIRST > Maguire ) or < PROPFEMALE>'s World ( by Jostein Gaarder ) to any of you ? I cannot find either of these books and it is distressing me greatly . 
The questions are the answers you might need . 
Why is it too much to ask to sleep through the night without waking up at a ridiculous time ? 
just caught up with the most heartwarming episode of Glee EVER . 
wishes there was a more efficient way to be clean than showering . Don't get me wrong , I like to be clean . I just wish there I was a wizard and knew a magic spell that made me shower-fresh for the day . Gahhhh . 
is starting to really really wish she had her own vehicle . 
I'm compiling a list of books I want to read . I find it pathetic that , as a self-proclaimed bibliophile , there are so many books I have not yet read that seem so necessary for well-roundedness and/or personal satisfaction ... \ 
Though I suppose that this holds true for everyone who loves books , it's still a little bit disheartening . 
is spending so much time making a spreadsheet on Excel to organize her books to read in life ( the idea of < PROPFIRST > Nokes , gotta give credit where it's due ) that she isn't actually reading her current book . \ 
Anticipation's grand , isn't it ? 
I heard a perfect < PROPFEMALE > die into an anonymous wall . 
has given up on politics . But not political philosophy . 
But don't you know that only fools are satisfied ? 
\Even the vegetables don't like him . \"" 
With your feet on the air and your head on the ground ... 
If what they say is true , you are a shadow in the fourth dimension . 
You take the pieces of the dreams that you have , ' cause you don't like the way they seem to be going . 
“If there really had been a Mercutio , and if there really were a Paradise , Mercutio might be hanging out with teenage Vietnam draftee casualties now , talking about what it felt like to die for other people’s vanity and foolishness . ”-Kurt Vonnegut 
Poor < PROPFEMALE > ! He had a price tag stuck on him . 
Because like ... I guess I'm curious even though no one will do it ... \ 
Confession time . [ INBOX ONLY ] ......... 2010 is almost over . Confess something you have always wanted to TELL me OR ask me . [ 100% private ] put this as your status . You might be suprised 
No one mourns the wicked . 
I hate how I get hungry every single night but am too scared to get food in case I wake people up . On the flip side , I love books . 
saw an old lady coming out of the used book sale room at the library with a huge bag full of books ... That is SO going to be me . 
Breaking in some of my new Silly Bandz . :D 
If you could have any super power , what would it be and why ? 
My dreams of late have been extremely vivid and unbelievably strange ... does anyone know if things can cause this or is it just me ? 
would really really REALLY like to sleep through the night sometime . 
is confused when she finds typos in books ... you'd think someone would spot them before they get published . 
Arsenic sauce . 
A banana is a < PROPFIRST > but a straw < PROPFIRST > is not . O_O What is this madness ? 
They'll name a city after us , and later say it's all our fault . 
' Cause these words are my diary screaming out loud and I know that you'll use them however you want to . 
Colliding with the very air she breathes . 
has some crazy awesome chattering teeth . 
Well , I'll be at the high school all day talking about college . This should be interesting , considering that I've gotten less than four hours of sleep . :\\ 
woke up at 4:15 in the morning ( by accident ) and sat at the high school all day barely getting a word in edgewise about college . BUT she scored five free books and a pair of amazing mittens . Awesome ? Yeah . 
is so sick of feeling sick . 
wishes it felt more like the holiday season ... 
does not know why she is so tired all the time . 
Along with my tiredness , I do not understand the pain that plagues my stomach nightly . O.o 
I like you just the way you are . 
Yes is a world . 
won't have phone service or Facebook until Monday afternoon so if she doesn't reply to you that is the reason . 
Christmas came too fast and now it is done and I really really don't want to go back to college . 
Movie night with < PROPFIRST > and Lizzy . We're watching Mean Girls . XD 
just found out that her last final exam for winter term is at 6:30 pm . Add that to the fact that the first final for that term is on her birthday and you get a very irked < PROPFEMALE > . >_< 
If someone brings me breadsticks ... it will be an amazing Christmas gift . Holy crap , it's all I want right now . 
can't stop being exhausted . Urgh . 
Melt through the ice for me , jump into the ocean . 
Perfect weather . 
What's so amazing that keeps us < PROPFEMALE > gazing and what do we think we might see ? 
I hope I'm not the only one who sees the return to college as a very stressful burden rather than a wonderful thing ... 
I think listening to < PROPFIRST > Szymko is the perfect way to start a day . 
“May your coming year be filled with magic and dreams and good madness . I hope you read some fine books and kiss someone who thinks you’re wonderful , and don’t forget to make some < PROPMALE > — write or draw or build or sing or live as only you can . And I hope , somewhere in the next year , you surprise yourself . ”- < PROPMALE > Gaiman 
I'm ready to sleep for a few years now . Wait , what ? I have class tomorrow ? Darn . Foiled again . 
and < PROPFEMALE > totally rearranged their room ! And I finally figured out where my classes are ... but the internet still hardcore sucks here . 
My prison bed is a lot more comfortable when I'm supposed to be getting out of it to go to class ... >_< 
RIP Grandma . Pretty much all of your genes were passed on to me , and I will miss you very much . :( 
What I learned in Symbolic Logic ( aka the craziest class ever ): \ 
< PROPFIRST > is a bro . \ 
All bros have bromances . \ 
So , < PROPFIRST > e has bromances . 
Oh yeah . I forgot that in Appleton I hear sirens drive by my dorm all the time . Awesome , since sirens scare me . T_T 
retained a lot more from < PROPMALE > 1 than she anticipated ... 
Solitary lunches at Subway ? Yes . This NEEDS to become a habit . :D 
is really enjoying < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST>'s music for solo piano ... 
It's been a long time since I could appease my nightly sandwich cravings . Thank God for this chickpea salad wrap ! And I even have another one for tomorrow night . I like food . 
Oh , you should never ever doubt what nobody is sure about . 
is looking through a glass onion . 
\I don’t love studying . I hate studying . I like learning . Learning is beautiful . \"- Natalie Portman " 
Pay it Forward in 2011 : I promise to send something handmade to the first 5 people who leave a comment here . They must in turn post this and send something they make to the first 5 people who comment on their status . The rules are that it must be handmade by you and it must be sent to your 5 people sometime in 2011 . 
It appears that \antisocial\ " is a synonym for \ " productive \"." 
got an awesome extra half hour of sleep because she didn't get up to shower before class . :D \ 
( Don't worry , I'm not gross . I'll shower after I go to the Y . ) 
Today I learned that 6 inch subs leave me still hungry , but foot-long subs fill me up . Subway should make 9-inch subs . Or else I should just get the chips too . 
I wish I was raised in the ' 60s and ' 70s like the professor giving this lecture . 
This class actually makes me feel like a smart college kid . 
Me : \Why are you wearing your coat ? \ " \ 
No . NO . There is going to be a biographical film of < PROPFIRST > BIEBER ? What . Is . This . 
You're so nice . You're not good , you're not bad , you're just nice . I'm not good , I'm not nice , I'm just right . I'm the witch ... you're the world . 
< PROPMALE > help , anyone ? 
was seriously just freaking out in her head because she could not find The Picture of < PROPFIRST > Gray on her bookshelf . \ 
But then she saw it . 
We got the handshake under our tongue . 
is kind of being awesome at getting things done . \ 
Also , R.I.P. < PROPMALE > , my < PROPFEMALE > cat of 15 1/2 years . :( 
is devouring an amazingly delicious curried chicken salad wrap and you are jealous because it is SO good . 
Macaroni and cheese pizza . Garlic bread . Spring rolls . Pita chips and hummus . Best lunch ever . 
\Real luxury is time and opportunity to read for pleasure . \"- < PROPFEMALE > Brody\ 
Shall we waltz ? \ 
Aus ausser bei mit , nach seit , < PROPMALE > zu ... \ 
Please sing to the tune of On the Beautiful Blue Danube . 
should probably not consume energy drinks anymore . They fulfill their purpose quite well . It's the jitters from ( presumably ) the caffeine that are scary . O_O 
Blue lips , blue veins , blue , the color of our planet from far , far away . Blue , the most human color . 
< PROPMALE > advertisements . Yes . 
wants to go home to see the new kitties . Not fair !!! 
enjoys the therapeutic aspect of homework that has presented itself now that she has adopted an antisocial lifestyle . This paper is getting its butt kicked . 
has six books that are either in the mail already or will be in the next few days . It's nice to have things like that to look forward to , even though I have no more room on my bookshelf . 
is turning into the new 4th floor troll ... 
is so out of the loop at college . I do not understand pop culture references and I have no idea what is going on in the world . I am not sure if it is better this way or not ... 
The feeling that I am kicking this paper's butt probably indicates that the outcome will be exactly the opposite ... 
The sky matches the ground . So pretty . 
Yeah . Just doing some gospel singing with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , no big . 
I think my new dream is to be a ROCK < PROPFEMALE > . 
finished off her paper two days early so she can enjoy the weekend a lot more . :D 
First trip to the Appleton Public Library : success ! 
Four books from the public library and five movies from the campus library ( one of which is an 11-hour long miniseries adaptation of Brideshead Revisited ) . It's gonna be a nice three-day weekend . 
is living the introvert's dream . 
Fire alarms at 2:30 in the morning , just what everyone needs . 
All the anger and the eloquence are bleeding into fear . 
\Piglet sidled up to Pooh from behind . ' Pooh 
starts working again tomorrow . I will miss having free afternoons , but I guess having money to do laundry ( unlike now ) will be nice . 
is not looking forward to tomorrow . 
Eight more weeks of this term ... \ 
And it's gonna be hard just to get through today . 
The < PROPFIRST > Difference : changing the time of the orchestra concert so it's not during the Packers game . 
Put waterproofing spray on boots this morning , wet feet this afternoon . Something in this equation is wrong . 
is pretty sure that no amount of reviewing < PROPMALE > will help her for the test tomorrow . Not at this point . So what's the point ? Might as well watch a movie . 
Just enough time for an episode of Misfits before class . What a strange day . 
really wishes she had gone to Lollapalooza last summer . Better start saving up for August ... 
\What sense in borders and nations and patriotism ? \"" 
\Him and his mum can come and live with me at the Community Centre . I'll get free food from the vending machine . And booze from the kitchen . I'll steal from other babies . I'll go to the park . I'll forage for nuts and berries . \"" 
Scary dreams and sleeping in . I think I need to take it slow today so I don't get sick ... 
I am glad I rarely watch television shows regularly . I get too attached and cry when bad things happen . Movies I can handle for the most part . But TV shows ? No . 
hates the internet here so much . 
is really glad she finished watching Misfits on Youtube before the internet decided to crap out . 
had a pretty fun Beauty and the Beast fangirl-fest , and then got to play a didgeridoo !!! 
I'm not a football person , but seeing as how everyone else I know is , and also because I live in Appleton , I guess I might end up having to say \Go Packers . \"" 
can't decide whether Eraserhead is disturbingly cool or disturbingly creepy ... 
Did the Packers just score and/or win ? I heard screams of delight echoing across campus ... 
probably shouldn't be going to class ... 
really likes getting mail . Today : my copy of The Historian by < PROPFEMALE > Kostova . Marvelous . 
Rewarding myself with a nap for finishing my test in twenty minutes . 
Two-hour nap , not much homework today , rocking to Duran Duran , and Toppers breadsticks in the near future . Not bad for a Monday ... 
I was careful , but nothing is harmless . 
wants a cuddly pet . 
New workout idea ... when I'm too lazy to walk to the Y , I'll just run up and down the stairs of my seven-story dorm . I just did the equivalent of 36 flights and let's just say I'm really out of shape . 
wants to play in a meadow . 
So excited about study websites . I can make my own flashcards online !!! /nerd\ 
I actually don't like school . But studying is SO therapeutic , even though I don't really care about my grades all that much . Just sayin . 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > and I are sucking our thumbs . I'm not sure if she would like that I am posting this . \ 
\It's always there for you ! \"" 
Just sitting here at working rocking to the Three Tenors Christmas . Yup . 
Creeping on Wicked ... it sounds pretty good from out here in the lobby . 
My brain is starting to think in < PROPMALE > against my will ! 
Walking around one of the safest towns ever with my fruit knife in case I get attacked in broad daylight ... better safe than sorry . 
Harmonizing the penis game during 50 hours of trivia . Don't judge . 
should go work out . But it's a lazy day for sure . 
Society ... you can't win in it . 
Midterm tomorrow = finish as fast as possible with no regard for quality of work in order to get to lunch quicker . 
What I learned in < PROPMALE > today ( pardon my grammar , it's probably pretty atrocious ): Alle Studenten auf dem Campus ständig kiffen , besonders weil es ist eine Geistewissenschaften Schule . \ 
Go figure . 
Does anyone know if < PROPFEMALE > has a policy regarding bad weather/class cancellation ? Probably not because it's a small campus , but ... it would be really really nice . 
wishes to feel healthy again . 
\Das ist GROUNDHOG TAAAAG ! \"" 
My day was made by two packages in the mail today : first , the Alanis Morissette CD I've been waiting for for almost a month , and second , and awesome box of food and other treats from < PROPFEMALE > O'Neil . Thanks so much Aunty < PROPFEMALE > ! 
So , Hair is actually a sort of depressing movie ... who knew ? 
Successful first Zumba class ... we did Tunak Tunak Tun . 
Zumba + running the steps in the dorm = a < PROPFEMALE > that can barely walk . 
Everyone's gonna go to the library to look for Coco and Igor now that we saw part of it in this lecture ... but I got to it two days ago ! Bwahahahaha . 
I got one or two funny looks at the public library today ... I really think it might be because I had both my arms full of books . But if that was why , obviously some people don't deserve to BE in a library since they don't know what the point of one is . 
I've had success so far in forcing myself to act like a morning person . It probably won't last long , but I guess I should make the most of it while I can . Tomorrow : Up at 9:30 and straight to the Y . Madness ... 
For the first time in six (?) years , I am not at Solo & Ensemble . And while I sort of miss the atmosphere , I CERTAINLY do not miss playing in it , not one little bit . 
would normally still be asleep , but is instead going to breakfast after working out and showering ... Crazy . 
Now that I got Netflix On Demand , I can't remember any movies that I want to watch ... 
is not watching the football game but still hopes the Packers win ... btw Wicked was awesome . 
Underwater labyrinth . 
The Duke from Moulin Rouge is Dracula in < PROPFIRST > Helsing ?!?! How come I am never aware of these things ? 
I'm putting this out there right now . NEVER buy me a Kindle ( or a similar device ) . I will not be grateful . I will not use it . I like REAL books . 
\Also ... I can kill you with my brain . \"" 
Up for half the night +morning class + working all afternoon = very cranky me . 
I want a creepy doll of myself , like in Coraline . 
Vier-Tag Wochenende ! Das ist SEHR GUT . 
I hate to say this , but someone really needs to keep me out of the library . Every time I go in there ( at least once a day to study ) , I come out with one or more books , and thus I'm been running out of book space ... again . 
What makes this Thursday better than a normal Thursday ? Other than no class and no work ? SCRAMBLED EGG PIZZA FOR BRUNCH . 
will pay someone like three dollars ( because that's as much as she is willing to pay for anything ) to fold her laundry in approximately an hour and a half ... 
< PROPFIRST > is to gadgets and gizmos a-plenty as I am to my books . But if anyone tries to go all < PROPMALE > Triton on them , I'm not just going to sit there weeping and being picturesque , let me tell you . 
Someone please explain to me the appeal of tanning . It is absolutely disgusting and it makes people look stupid . I really am curious about the thought process behind it ... 
could use a < PROPFEMALE > massage ... 
got done working out by 9:30 , when she would normally be fast asleep ... 
probably won't be on Facebook for a while , due to computer repairs ... :( 
Does anyone have iPod speakers I can borrow ? 
Suffer her heart . 
has a talent for self-distraction ... 
You ever dance with the devil by the pale moonlight ? 
would really like her computer to be fixed because the computers in the lab here suck . 
Inside this shell there's a prison cell . 
read about it in Hogwarts : A History . 
“No , ” said the cat . “Now , you people have names . That’s because you don’t know who you are . We know who we are , so we don’t need names . \ " , 2011-02-14 04:16:56 " 
It feels like summer outside . I see grass . I'm not complaining . 
Chocolate overdose for dinner . Holy crap . Thank you < PROPFIRST > University . 
should have her computer fixed in the next few days ... for free . Spectacular ! 
\The thing about chameleoning your way through life is that it gets to where nothing is real .... I'm what I need to be at any moment to stay above the ground but below the radar . \"" 
is definitely a fan of that feeling of relief she gets when she finishes writing a paper and doesn't have another one due for a few weeks ... 
Necessity is not only the mother of invention , but also of learning how to use Appleton's public transportation system . Scary . 
Today looks like it'll be crazy and stressful , so I'm treating myself to a lovely lunch at < PROPFEMALE > Cafe . 
My day started off looking amazing , then horrible , then okay , and now it's back to good again . Let's hope it stays that way . 
Fog is wonderful . 
I messed up my knee and I'm on the verge of illness . But I always like an excuse to take it easy . 
My foggy state of mind reflects the weather . 
As with the library , I should be kept away from Goodwill or I just might come out with five books ... 
has her laptop back ! Now it's just a matter of waiting to get all the data back on it ... 
Watching some Requiem for a Dream and eating some jalapeno cheddar noodles soup to kick off this weekend thing . 
\What'd y'all order a dead guy for ? \"" 
is eating white cheddar Cheez-its and watching The Wall to prepare for the horror of the upcoming week . 
wishes that her body did not think it was morning ... Tomorrow's gonna be a long day . 
just doesn't want to do today ... 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY < PROPMALE > RICKMAN !!! Sadly I forgot to wear me Snape shirt , but I will change right after class . 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > would have been 49 today ... 
just wants to say the Symbolic Logic is the best class ever . Math+Logic+English . Just sayin . 
The < PROPFIRST > Difference : seeing a dude in the cafeteria dressed in normal clothes , except for his Victorian ruff ... 
The club can't handle < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > right now ! 
Your mouthwash is gargley- that's ka-blamo ! 
would like to use this space to promote Naked juice , aka the best juice ever . 
is feeling approximately 3 of her almost-8 hours of sleep . Oh well , it's Friday , so naptime can happen all evening . 
My day has officially been made by learning that the Germans call birth control pills \Antibabypille \"." 
I got a \Toll ! \ " on my < PROPMALE > test today . Usually I'm ecstatic for just a \ " Gut ! \"" 
What is the difference between a cat and a complex sentence ? \ 
A cat has claws at the end of its paws , and a complex sentence has a pause at the end of its clause . 
\How do I know that the dead do not wonder why they ever longed for life ? \"- Zhuangzi " 
Plan for today : Homework , study break during which I treat myself with a trip to the mall , then more homework , then reading and watching movies ! Boring and lame ? Perhaps . Completely perfect ? Most definitely . 
Another reason Ireland is first on my list of places I want to travel : No scary wild animals to dissuade me from experiencing nature . 
Laughing about butts and talking about Cthulhu makes for a good day in < PROPMALE > . 
\I can never read all the books I want ; I can never be all the people I want and live all the lives I want . I can never train myself in all the skills I want . And why do I want ? I want to live and feel all the shades 
No < PROPMALE > class today ! YES . Yet I'm still going to breakfast . I need me some hash browns . 
The vast majority of bookmarks that I have saved on my Internet browser are either links to Wikipedia or Amazon for books I want to read . 
was on a roll at work today , but whether that was due to Vitamin Water , sleeping in , or both is unknown . 
Drinking some decaf from my free samples of Nescafe instant coffee . I've never been much of a coffee drinker , but I'm trying it out to see how it feels . 
Cashew chicken lo mein for dinner ... need I say more ? 
I just took about half my books off my shelf to bring home for spring break ( not to read , just to bring home ) . It makes me sad but the weird thing is it still has at least about 50 books on it . And there's three or four more in the mail ... I do have a problem . 
is kicking this paper's butt , but uses way more semicolons than she thought she did . Food for thought . 
College is making me into an unwilling morning person for no apparent reason . 
I'm partially upset about this because it's sort of killing my childhood , but partially admiring , because it's actually really really cool . \ 
http://steevinlove.deviantart.com/gallery/23384510 
Come away , O human child ! \ 
To the waters and the wild\ 
With a faery hand in hand , \ 
For the world's more full of weeping than you can understand . 
now has a final on the evening of her birthday but doesn't even care . No more Sunday exam ! 
At work I was looking at some aerial shots of < PROPFIRST > , and it looks like it's in the middle of a < PROPMALE > because of all the trees on campus and in surrounding neighborhoods . Interesting ... 
is trying to overcome her childhood fear of The Iron Giant . 
There is a freaking blizzard outside . < PROPFIRST > , why do you not do snow days ? 
Well , my day's quota of \dropping your phone face-down in the mud\ " moments is filled . " 
wants to learn how to knit or crochet or something so she can make her own accessories . 
Listening to The Cure's Disintegration album whilst playing Robot Unicorn Attack is a completely surreal experience . I recommend it . 
wishes she could own all the outfits that she creates on Polyvore . Then she would not look like such a ragamuffin . 
wishes the shopping shuttle went on Fridays so she could treat herself with a trip to the mall . >_< 
Four new books today ! Magical . 
Now that I actually have time to stay up late , I am exhausted . 
It's finally spring break for real and I just met our new cat . 
It's almost too warm for just a sweatshirt ... Not bad . 
Did I really just buy seven books from St. Vinny's to go along with the five I bought yesterday from Goodwill ? Why yes , yes I did . 
You can't take the sky from me . 
An < PROPFEMALE > blessing :\ 
May those who love us love us . \ 
And those who don’t love us , \ 
May God turn their hearts . \ 
And if He doesn’t turn their hearts , \ 
My he turn their ankles , \ 
So we’ll know them by their limping . 
Not a soul could answer that , when here come along a black and white cat . 
does not like when she is gone for most of the day and comes home to find her computer to be quite sticky . On the plus side , being gone for most of the day means she has a quart of lo mein in her tummy . 
had her first taste of Nutella yesterday and is quite hooked on the stuff . 
Yesterday , I walked around campus in a t-shirt without a coat . Today I walked through freezing slush with my head down to avoid getting pelted by painful hail . 
sometimes wonders whether politicians subconsciously become politicians based on how easy it is to draw caricatures of them . 
Time spent working on < PROPFEMALE > Eyre in AP English : a month-ish ( plus summer , when we read it . )\ 
Time spent working on < PROPFEMALE > Eyre in my < PROPMALE > British Writers class : Less than a week and a half . 
If someone thinks they will be going to/near Shopko in the next couple of days , can you please let me know ? I need to get there and I really don't want to use the bus system if I don't have to ... 
\EIn alter Mann ist doch kein Schnellzug ! \"- Das doppelte Lottchen " 
is considering pulling an all-nighter and just living off of caffeine until after work tomorrow ... 
That < PROPMALE > translation only took five hours , no big deal . >_< 
is gonna need some < PROPMALE > Monster intake to get through today . 
is at work , listening to the lady across the hall blast < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > and R.E.M. 
And you said nothing at all , I couldn't have said it better myself . 
is in need of the kind of endorphins that only Nutella-covered chocolate muffins with chocolate chips can provide ... 
The Polyphonic Spree makes everything better . :D 
Brown bear , brown bear , what do you see ? \ 
I see a red bird looking at me . 
Good guys win , bad guys lose , and , as always , England prevails ! 
is really awful at trying to be healthy . 
What , what does it mean , to dream what you dream , to believe what you see ? 
Jafar , Jafar , he's our man , if he can't do it , GREAT ! 
Today in Intro to Global Studies we listened to \Leaving On a Jet Plane\ " and \ " Like a G6\ " in order to discuss globalization . " 
should hire a scribe ... or else become one , since she's gaining experience for the field . 
Hamiltonian , Jeffersonian , Wilsonian , Jacksonian ... which US foreign policy tradition do YOU prefer ? 
Sprecher Cream Soda . 
is feeling some downtown Appleton today . 
Flip flops . Grass . Sunshine . 
Crop circles in the carpet . 
has the appearance of a cultured youth at the moment . 
Remember what the dormouse said ... 
hitched a ride with her soul by the side of the road just as the sky turned black . 
Remember in AP English when we were so stressed because we had six weeks to write a pretty simple 5-7 < PROPFEMALE > paper ? And now we have a week , maybe less , to write a complicated paper of the same length . How things change ... 
What's your favorite guilty pleasure book/series ? Mine's The < PROPFEMALE > Diaries ... all ten or so of them . Don't judge . 
Did I really lose my < PROPMALE > essay , a revision of which is due tomorrow ? Yes , most likely . Do I care in the slightest ? Nope . 
It's incredible how much time you can save in the morning by opting for sweats , flip flops , no makeup , and a crappy ponytail ... I'm ready half an hour before breakfast even starts . 
has had the most stressful/disorienting/overwhelming past couple of days ... And to think , the rest of the week is going to be similar . >_< 
wishes that some professors would actually respond to emails in a timely manner ... 
How to tell that it is spring at < PROPFIRST > University :\ 
1 . It is over 30 degrees ( today , for example , it must be at least 60 ... )\ 
2 . There are an abundance of girls wearing dresses/skirts ... without leggings or tights . O.O ( Including myself , oddly enough . )\ 
3 . There are a bunch of shirtless frat boys playing volleyball on the quad to the sounds of MGMT . \ 
4 . Robins , robins , everywhere . \ 
5 . Flip flops . 
No one cares , no one sympathizes , so you just stay home and play synthesizers . 
can't decide whether she hates girls or boys more . \ 
Probably girls , but it comes pretty close sometimes . 
doesn't know whether to grow out her hippie hair again or chop it all off . Blegh unimportant status . 
Got my < PROPFEMALE > Izze to drink , got my paper to type , got my Iron Maiden to listen to whilst engaging in both of the aforementioned activities ... yup , it's Friday and we so excited . 
is thinking that < PROPFEMALE > Mononoke might be too intense/scary to watch before bed ... 
Not to brag , but tomorrow Appleton has a high of 77 degrees . Whaaat . 
is starting to achieve balance . 
You should all be jealous that < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > is not your roommate . :D 
Sitting in the basement while the tornado siren screams and the lightning continuously flashes ... and we're all doing our homework . #yaykohlerhall 
Contrary to popular belief , I did NOT perish in the tornado last night . 
\Under the Sea\ " on my < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > station on Pandora ... who am I to complain ? It's the perfect thing to listen to while completing a paper ! " 
Wenn ich < PROPFEMALE > gestorben bin , trägt man ich zum Grabe hin . Setzt mir keinen Leichenstein , pflanzt mir drauf Vergißmeinnicht . 
Vitamin D . 
\Tiger got to hunt 
The word for a group of pink < PROPFEMALE > armadillos is \fez . \ " The more you know ... " 
[ insert generic work-sucks-omg status here]\ 
Except I don't actually hate work because it fuels my book-buying addiction . 
misses her bicycle so much . 
So I guess I don't really dislike work all that much , since they're giving me free pizza tomorrow ... 
Don't you love those moments when you have a mouth full of ramen , choke one < PROPFEMALE > noodle , and cough everything up onto your computer ? I sure don't ... 
is glad she doesn't have to stay up till midnight on Monday to get the new Gaga single . 
My copy of < PROPFEMALE > Eyre is only being read for the fourth time , but it looks as though it's exchanged hands at least ten times . And that's how it should be . 
Love is like a brick . You can build a house or sink a dead body . 
went on a rainy/snowy adventure to the thrift store across the river with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > . Horrible < PROPFEMALE > splints = bad . Finding $10 , buying six books and a necklace , and finally getting back to Kohler after braving the freezing wind and precipitation = amazing . 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > is going to be starring in a film production of < PROPFIRST > Kerouac's \On the Road . \ " CAN SOMEONE PLEASE TELL ME WHY THIS IS OKAY ? " 
Does anyone have an ice pack I can use ? 
Why are the stupid shopping shuttles NEVER in the parking lot when they're supposed to be ? 
is just not really a fan of most of the prom dresses people wore this year . Blegh . 
is severely pet-deprived . 
What better way to start off your day than by ripping your favorite jeans ? 
Everyone has a week or two left of class . I have 6.5 weeks . AWESOME . 
clearly fails at shopping , or else they just don't sell jump ropes at Target these days ... 
likes colors . 
is really hoping the nurse will excuse her from class and work tomorrow . 
doesn't even care about missing < PROPMALE > class . Sleeping is so much better , and it makes working look much less dreary than usual . 
Everything that you wanted I have done . You asked that child be taken , I took him . You cowered before me and I was frightening . I have reordered time , I have turned the world upside down , and I have done it all for you ! I am exhausted from living up to your expectations of me . Isn't that generous ? 
Every day I hope that my < PROPMALE > professor has sent an email saying that class is canceled . Every day I am disappointed . 
Happy birthday < PROPFEMALE > Bronte !!! 
is probably the most awkward person to ever exist . 
Does anyone own Yes Man that would be willing to let me borrow it for the evening ? 
Good old 80s music . 
just registered for classes next year . No wait listing ! Yay ! 
is hoping that a cold washcloth is a semi-decent substitute for an ice pack ... :/ 
is spending this < PROPFEMALE > day inside , sleeping and watching a Care Bears movie from her childhood on Netflix . 
You could cut ties with all the lies that you've been living in . 
Back to the nighttime mouth guard . >_< 
Nerdy riddle time : Why did Barty Crouch , Jr. stop drinking ? \ 
Because it was making him MOODY !!! 
just needs to make it until 5 ... T minus 10 hours and 28 minutes . 
is watching Tangled for the first time ... thank you Netflix !!!!!! 
New workout jam : \Climb Ev'ry Mountain . \ " Oh yes indeed . " 
It feels like one of my huge vitamins lodged itself in my heart ... and I can't dislodge it . >:( 
Neon pink fingernails . 
Organizing/clearing out my iPod and iTunes is a bigger and much more meticulous process than I anticipated . 
\Catch you guys on the flippity-flip . \"" 
Because falling's not the problem , when I'm falling I'm at peace . It's only when I hit the ground it causes all the grief . 
\What are you saying 
I can't believe it took me over 19 years to finally get around to watching When < PROPMALE > Met < PROPFEMALE > . 
Happy birthday < PROPFEMALE > Agron . 
wants a < PROPMALE > wedding . 
One sentence typed of my English paper . This is the first homework I've done in days . Time for a break . 
shall run away . 
Does anyone fancy a late night journey to Little Caesar's ? Or something pizza-related ? 
\You hit me with your car . \ " \ 
has one more month before she lives near the lake again . It will be grand to escape that sense of being landlocked that lurks in the back of her head . 
I guess < PROPMALE > class is as good a place as any to establish oneself as an English < PROPMALE > by being pro at grammar . :/ 
Reading < PROPFEMALE > Eyre > writing about it . 
got her new < PROPFEMALE > Health & Fitness digital jump rope in the mail today ! Cardiovascular activity from the comfort of your dorm room -- what could be better ? 
can't find her ID ... ARGH . This means no breakfast ... 
apparently does not know how to wrap a knee . 
FOUND HER ID !!!! It was between the pages of Globalization and American Popular Culture . 
As if < PROPFEMALE > Eyre and I were not already practically the same person , today I realized that I am about the same age that she was for most of the book . 
