Just made my new Facebook ! :-) ppl add me ! lol 

Liking face book so far . :-p 
At work and I had to cart push for an hour and fifteen mins ! And now I'm getting weird looks cause it smells like I don't shower ! What a great day ! 
When God hands you lemons .... You FIND A NEW GOD !!! 
Everytime I walk past the whole fucking rack in walmart of I <3 < PROPFIRST > beiber shirts when goin to work I lose faith in man kinda and die a little inside at the same time . 
So my mom ran over my foot when I went to jump in the truck ... ow 
If a watermelon were to fall on your head how many ferrets would it take to blow up an elephant ??? :-p 
This town is like a fucking black hole ! It sucks the life out of me everyday ! I feel nothing but pain and sadness if I left would anyone even miss me ???.................. I didn't think so . I'm GTFO !!! 
USMC !!! 
Damn I need a girl friend .... sick of being so lonely ........ :-( 
< PROPFIRST > like everyone is like 
fucking hate facebook on my phone that last status was a fail 
what's with all the < PROPFIRST > ? Like everyone is saying stuff like 426 : how u been or 108 : what's up and I don't understand ! 
< PROPFEMALE > i comletly agrees haha and my phone sucks i need a computers haha 
Is counting down the days till I can leave this terrible place and never come back ... I just want to start new ... 
Two words : Fuck Sterling !.... That's all I have to say 
Here's to < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > of the USMC on behalf of everything you and the beloved corps does for this country me and the rest of < PROPFEMALE > thank you more than you know ! R.I.P. Hoorah ! 
So i bought a new computer ! its Bad ASS !!! :-D and im set and ready to go to NJC at semester ! one step closer to joining the MARINES !!!! 
Bah Humbug ! lol jk < PROPFEMALE > CHristmas everyone ! lol 
Cant wait for the MARINES !!! Hope they let me be a pilot ! that would be amazing ! 
Fuck < PROPMALE > ! I wanna leave for basic already ! \ 
So whats ur new years resolution ppl ? 
One step closer to the marines ! 
This is cruel and unusual employment .... 
so sick of this damn town cant wait to be a < PROPFEMALE > ! then i never have to come back to hell !!! 
another all nighter of working then goin to class all day sleeping for like 4 hours then work again ! yay ! love my life !...... 
y is it that girls never give the good guy a < PROPMALE > even though thats what they say they want ??? 
cant wait to get outta < PROPMALE > into the marines ! inching closer everyday ! gonna start training and getting into tip top shape ! in a few months ill be ready to go ! XD 
I was out late country cruising with my cousin < PROPFIRST > we were going about 40-45 mph up a slight hill on a dirt road we get to the top of the hill and there was a dear right in the middle of the road . we missed the dear but hit a pole ! my car is now all sorts of fucked up ! we r fine thankfully but my car is probly done for ! im so fucking screwed ! remember ppl accidents happen to everyone thats y they r accidents ! FML 
End of the summer and im gone ! cant wait ! but till then school work and training ! some exciting life right ? 
Just set up my tweet deck ! not sure what to think yet ! Also making lots of progress with my team beachbody coaching ! 
