has his car back :D 

is tired of hearing about dead celebrities . 
wants to play < PROPFEMALE > Cocoon again . 
got his < PROPFIRST > jacket today :D 
finally figured out why he couldn't log on to facebook :D ;; 
apparently feels more rested when he spends the entire night tossing and turning :\\ 
aughghg , I live in Western Washington , I shouldn't have to deal with heat like this D: 
Parsers are like tokenizers ' cept more recursive :P 
finished his second playthrough of Bioshock and managed to screw himself out of an achievement once again D: Also , nitro splicers suck and I hate them . 
wishes he had a kindle now that he's finally found a book ( in pdf form ) to read . 
: Can one feel nostalgia for a thing one's never experienced ? For a time that never was ? For a life you never had ? 
made progress on the physics engine today :D 
wants to watch the Hunchback of Notre Dame :\\ 
: The illusion of the present is created by our perceptions . It is our ability to remember the past that gives us the sense that time is moving . It is because of entropy that we remember the past and not the future . It seems so natural and obvious that time flows constantly through us and around us . But , in truth , this is not the way it is . Time is not a point upon a line ; it is the line itself . 
finally finished Atlas Shrugged :D ( it was a fantastic book ) 
is going to PAX :D 
is back from PAX ; had a blast ! 
spent the whole day with calculus and all he got was this lousy set of linear equations . 
has finally conquored collision detection more or less . Also , McDonald's chicken nuggets are yummy :P 
wishes his bed weren't so damn comfortable . 
' s ego took a beating today . The finishing blow was not making it into the top ten for the tetris design challenge D: 
has a cavity and needs to see a dentist as soon as possible D: 
is going to have a root canal next week ! What fun ! ... D: 
more or less finished CS300 . I have to finish the last bit at school because my laptop isn't cool enough for shaders :\\ 
lost the game , sorry :\\ 
feels much better about where his team's game is going . 
hates talking on phones > : I 
does not play farmville , mafia wars , or cafe world and will ignore any requests he gets for any of these sorts of things . 
has a new tooth :O 
saw Zombieland . It was amazing :D 
beat Igneous on impossible mode ! >:D 
is thankful for photons . 
is tired . 
It's time to work on CS315 . * sigh * 
is getting finals for his birthday this year :/ 
enjoy's drawing torsos . 
BABY IT'S COLD OUTSIDE ! 
heap corruption is the worst thing ever > : I 
omg , I can do not-school things :O 
is now 21 :D Now I can go in bars and upset people with my not-drinking :D 
got Hawaii for his birthday ! :D 
doesn't know what he wants . 
5 A's and a C+ . These are acceptable . 
is back from Hawaii :D 
Here's to meaningful ends and new beginnings ! Happy New Year ! 
Big macs are kinda small . 
made a McMuffin for breakfast . It was the most delicious McMuffin I've ever had P : 
made another McMuffin . This one was even more delicious . 
Passionfruit-chocolate ... < PROPFEMALE > goooood P : 
Emotions are important . They provide a tie breaker when logic gives you two equally good choices . 
is eating chocolate cake OM NOM NOM :O 
finally got some exercise . Now my legs are sore :/ 
is considering participating in Erhardt day tomorrow . Internet ! Make my decisions for me ! 
loves his baker's hat . 
wishes he had a graphics card that supports pixel shaders ( and not this integrated peice of crap in his laptop ) . 
Shutter Island was crazy . 
finally finished 350 D: 
needs a new facebook status . 
is really pissed that he hasn't finished 381 yet > : T 
actually finished 381 a while ago . Stupid chaos . 
' s plans are now official : I am flying to Alaska for spring break :D 
should do something amazing . 
is in Alaska :D 
got to fire guns today :D Woo Alaska ! 
saw < PROPFEMALE > today . It was excelent , even in 2D . 
walked upon a frozen lake and played on an iceberg :D 
happy pi day :D 
It used to be that my desk would get cluttered up by dirty dishes . Now they've been replaced by paperwork and cables . One step forward , two steps back . 
has finally destroyed the 350 assignment >:O 
finished the 381 assignment :O woooooooo ! 
needs more ba t-t rees so he can grow more bats :O 
is probably the antagonist of his story . 
needs no more fillings :D 
doesn't feel like being productive D: 
had yet another zombie apocolypse dream . I think that brings the count up to .. I dunno , like six ? 
stayed up way too late last night . I have no regrets , but damn , I'm tired . 
has been reunited with his flash drive :D 
found a new webcomic and read though the archives . Now I'm sad because I'll have to wait a whole week for more D: 
: I 
is wasting time until he can think of how to respond to the English story . 
The game is done ! :D Gold submission OBLITERATED ! 
should probably be working on that last CS350 assignment . 
a series of unfortunate occurances and innocuous , poor decisions made my morning pretty terrible . D: 
well , the semester's over . 
why am I on facebook right now !? D: 
has a job :D 
' s start date got pushed back to Monday . I'm going to spend this week being incredibly lazy . 
passed all his classes . Now the semester is REALLY over . 
can't believe the summer's just getting started . 
got his first two week's pay :D 
saw < PROPMALE > of Persia . It was pretty good . \ 
< PROPMALE > Gyllenhaal did a good job as the < PROPMALE > , but he could have been way snarkier . 
finally got Bioshock 2 . I need to change my background . 
hates Digipen's habit of sending ' day of ' announcements . 
: Another day , another grain of sand slips down the hourglass . 
loves asserts . Thank you < PROPMALE > . 
had an absurd amount of fun skating tonight ( my feet feel like they're made of hate ) . 
bought his PAX ticket :D 
had ANOTHER zombie apocolypse dream , wtf > : I 
saw Avatar . It was pretty , and mostly a good adaptation . 
Happy 4th everyone ! Independence for all ! 
: Hey facebook fans ! Cheyne left his phone at home today ! I'm going to stay on facebook until I get back home if you need to talk to me . 
was productive tonight . 
had an awesome weekend . 
forgot his phone again xP 
I hate debugging code that works technically but doesn't produce the expected behavior , especially with something like physics where it only takes one small thing to throw the whole system into disarray . 
needs to stop going to bed at 2am . 
is it time for PAX yet D: 
is going to play Limbo . 
MSPA returns tomorrow :D 
oh crap , it's time for bed already D: 
I started uploading some photos but Facebook's uploader is being retarded so I'll finish it later . 
coding while listening to Homestuck music :D 
must .... detach ... self .. from ..... internet D: ( Precedes to fail in that endeavor ) . 
sleep does not work in reverse : I 
serendipity rocks . 
got his PAX pass today :D 
done with work , PAX starts tomorrow , and back to school on monday . Woo ! 
First day of PAX completed . 
Day two of PAX , OBLITERATED >:O By the way , friends who are attending PAX . If you're around tomorrow you should call me so we can < PROPFEMALE > out . 
PAX10 complete ; roll the credits . 
The new campus is shiny and wonderful . 
I think I caught this year's incarnation of the PAX pox D: 
spent the day being sick , dressed like a slob , and programming . It was lovely , actually . 
Want moar MSPA >:O 
Augh , super < PROPFIRST > crossover distracted me from doing work D: 
So yeah , I got hooked on Minecraft :/ 
I'm so tempted to play Minecraft right now , you don't even know . 
dammit , I got distracted by MSPA and I still have math homework to do >:[ 
Miiiiiiiiiinecraaaaaaaaaaaack 
I need to stop working on the engine for my game project and start working on the game ( Of course this would require that I either claim the engine to be ' finished ' or leave it in a half-finished , unusable state , as per my usual mode of doing things ) . 
Bluuuuh , school work , BLUUUUHHH > : I 
The more I think about it the more I realize I really like game design . Fortunately , I also love programming enough that I doubt I'll be having a ' I should have been a designer ' moment any time soon . 
blaaar , I'm tired . 
Being your future self is a lot more constructive because you get to do stuff you haven't already done 
It always weirds me out when I realize that other people still use paper . 
again , it's 11pm and I'm doing math homework . At least this time I'm already mostly done . 
started playing Cave Story . It is a fine game . 
Saturdays never last long enough . 
God damned skeletons took all of my diamonds D: 
If I go crazy then will you still call me Superman ? 
I'm suiting up for international suit up day :O ( I wish I had a better blazer D: ) 
I'm so glad math homework got pushed back . That means I don't have to stay up till 2am doing it :D 
> 8y 
Where did my weekend go !? I could have sworn I set it down RIGHT HERE just a second ago ! 
Om nom nom , ramen P : 
Dentist appointment tomorrow . I'm hoping not to hear that my teeth are a jolly rancher away from falling out :\\ 
Looks like I'm still corrupting memory . Stay away from me , I'll give you Alzheimer's . 
Awesome MSPA update is awesome . 
Game theory is the class that makes me feel better after cryptography kicks my ass in the mornings . 
why am I still at school D: Homework BLUH BLUH . 
The halloween pagent was pretty short this year . I'm sad because I didn't have enough time to get my costume together AND I forgot my camera > : I 
Oh wow , so apparently Notch bundled in bugs with the update . Happy Halloween :D ( D: ) 
I finally saw < PROPMALE > Horror Picture Show . It was absolutely preposterous and offensive ; I loved it . 
Tonight's breakdown :\ 
Progress made in Minecraft : Some\ 
Progress made in Life : Less 
So tonight I learned that this is legit C++ code :\ 
class FOO { static FOO Bar ;} ; 
Bluh bluh , < PROPMALE > homework AGAIN . 
< PROPMALE > homework , DESTROYED >:D 
I got my peach tea a cheez-its , time to DO SOME CODING ! 
My level editor can now place , move , and delete things . 
So the < PROPFEMALE > was awesome , even if I did spend the whole time losing at various games . 
http://www.formspring.me/The0rangeMan\ 
\ 
So the bandwagon came around for another lap and I hopped on . 
BWA HA ! Serialization overhaul , COMPLETE ! >:D It was a long , complex ( and really annoying ) road , but hopefully it'll make my life easier in the months to come . 
DOUBLE DELETE ! ALL THE WAY ACROSS THE RAM ! 
Done with the CS391 assignment :D Woo turning things in on time ! 
Time to go skating >:O 
You know you've played too much minecraft when you mistake the sound of crinkling leaves for nearby creeper and jump .. IN REAL LIFE > : I 
Man , evolution takes so looooong : I 
Dude , this is awesome . It feels like Friday but it's Tuesday ! 
I miss what was never there . I love what cannot be . I wait for what will never come . 
I went skating and had a blast . 
The day has slipped away . Now is a time for rest , a time to prepare for the potential of tomorrow . 
The snow gods are pleased with your loyalty and see fit to yield a reward upon ye . 
Two snow days in a row . Sweeeeeeeet . 
Augh , the one time I actually want to use what I learned in Curves and Surfaces and I can't remember anything xD 
Another snow day . Looks like my four day weekend turned into a week long vacation :D 
Suddenly my profile pic looks relevant , like it might have something to do with Thanksgiving . Secretly , this is not the case : U 
Making banana bread and watching Jurassic Park . Life is good . 
Bluh , I have to go back to school tomorrow > : T 
Science is what you call magic once you figure out how it works . 
So apparently arsenic isn't all that terrible . 
Bluh , I'm mad at < PROPMALE > Ten Bosch for making a 4D puzzle game before me . I forgive him though because he did it well . 
Bluh bluh leaking memory BLUH BLUH . 
This bug where facebook decides you need to know about every time I play a game for two minutes is really starting to bug me > : I 
I think hot buttered rum is my favorite thing . 
Memory leaks obliterated ! They were actually fixed an hour ago . Luckily , I managed to convince my self that they weren't so I could waste that hour be frustrated . Yep , awesome . ( Convoluted code is convoluted . ) 
Bugs bugs bugs bugs . Cheez-its , cheez-its . PEEEEAAAACH TEEEAAA . Crazy techno homestuck muuuuuusic :O Code , code , code , code . 
Tonight's bugs were extra convoluted . I'd change one thing and it'd cause something almost completely unrelated to blow up . 
I finally figured out how to make my game work . Instead of fighting against the enemies you're now competing with them for resources . Also , I ditched the complicated brains and went back to the model I first used because it works better . Look at me being pragmatic ! 
I now feel confident that I will actually be able to reach first playable . 
Game presentations tomorrow ! >:O 
Presentation went well , I think :] 
I can now play sounds in my game :O ( I just need to make some sounds to play that aren't a second long sine wave ) . 
Time to finish the last couple of < PROPMALE > assignments . GO ! 
< PROPMALE > assignments finished ! Now all I have left is finishing up and submitting the game plus the final CS391 project . 
The deadline's approaching ! This is the final stretch ! Coders , on your marks ! GO !! 
I can't beleive I've been reduced to actually studying for a final , what is this nonsense ? 
You know what I did today ? Not-school , that's what . 
Oh hey , would you look at that . I'm 22 now . 
Oh wow , thanks for the happy birthday wishes everyone :D 
Done with finals and homework . Now I just gotta wait until the grades come in . 
Sure I spent most of my birthday doing stuff for CS391 , but after that I realized that the semester was over , which was awesome . Then I went skating and had taco < PROPFEMALE > because WHY NOT !? 
I saw How Do You Know today . It was pretty good . 
Got a B in MAT361 , which is better than I was expecting 
Fable III :O 
If there's anything we can learn from Fable , it's that there is no middle ground between good and evil . If you don't want to save the orphans you must kill every one of them . 
Got all my grades in , now the semester is REALLY over :D 
Christmas shopping , complete . 
Oh my god , explorer can you stop crashing every five minutes ? 
Oh wow : 0 FL Studio is really neat . 
I got a bunch of video games for xmas . There goes any < PROPMALE > of productivity in the next two weeks . 
I'm thinking of going skating tomorrow . I think anyone interested should come with me . 
I need to see Tron . Who wants to see Tron with me ? 
I'm now caught up on V . That show is so horribly wonderful . 
Man , now I gotta see Tron AND Black Swan ! >:[ 
I'm having breakfast at 3pm . I have thoroughly demolished my sleep schedule . 
One of my biggest pet peeves is hearing people refer to consoles or peripherals as ' games ' . Would you refer to your computer or your webcam as a ' game' ? : I 
A film of memories float upon the sea reflecting a world forgotten beneath the waves . 
I love that the Seahawks are so bad that it's a shocking development when they win . 
Who has not seen Tron ? I am going to see it today so anyone who wants to tag along should let me know . 
Tron was amazing :D 
Goodnight fair world , I depart you now for a world of dreams , but come the morn I shall rise once more to meet you and greet the oncoming sun . 
Go go final semester ! 
So far classes are looking pretty good . 
Oh hay , it's actually snowing . 
Dear snow , please cancel school tomorrow . 
\I for one welcome our new edible insect overlords . \ " -- Internet " 
I think facebook just went ahead and gave me the new profile layout because it got tired of waiting for me to click the button : I 
Looks like I'm going to GDC , Woo ! 
People always get so mad when I start tearing apart their ideals : I 
Man , I just remembered how much I want Portal 2 . 
I decided to give the beard a break and rock some sideburns . 
I actually got some programming done tonight . First time in weeks xD 
Had another zombie apocalypse dream . This one was cool though because I became the leader of the survivors . Also it was in Texas for some reason . 
Using . NET for the first time ever . So far , I am not a fan . 
The Lunesta butterfly has always creeped me out . A swift and painless rest comes for you on the wings of Lunesta . 
Dammit internet , I'm trying to get away with murder here and you are USELESS . \ 
( Do not be alarmed , this is for a story I am writing :D ;;;) 
Second day with the . NET framework . It has yet to pacify my rage . 
Weird GL bug is making me SAD : C 
Rank one update , lol wut ? 
Bluh , more English homework . It never stops > : C 
This week's play-testing yielded really mixed feedback . Mostly positive though , so that's good . 
Dude , guys ! What if ... you could divide by zero : 0 
It's a good thing I'm rewriting my engine . I've found so many ways to clean up/optimize code . 
Someone needs to make a mod of Left 4 Dead with the survivors replaced with the characters from Scooby Doo . I want to see this happen ! 
Hahahahaha ! I broke Cleverbot ! It can't figure out what to say ! 
I'm tired of getting credit card offers in the mail : I 
Oh no , new webcomic . 
I spent my Xmas and birthday money on clothes . Ten year old me would be ashamed . 
Managed to do DDR night with < PROPMALE > Low and < PROPFEMALE > Cranston and also finish my homework ! 
It's time for < PROPFEMALE > presentations , and I pretty much got nothing more than what I had last semester : I 
The internet is to my attention as a black hole is to space . 
How the real < PROPFIRST > work : Take a glass of water . Pour half of it out . The glass is still full . 
Nobody likes necro-code . 
After a few weeks of tireless work ( interrupted perpetually by freakin ' English homework ) the engine overhaul is now functionally complete ! \ 
I still have to add all the content back in and I have to change a few things to account for the new engine , but the hard part is done ! 
Man , my deterministic engine just doesn't seem to be deterministic enough ! 
Gamepad support is go ! It's so much better than mouse+keyboard . 
For better or worse , I've submitted my < PROPFEMALE > build . 
Firefox , I'm sorry . I'm leaving you . For Chrome . We had some good times together and you'll always have a special place in my heart , but it's over . 
Blaaar , I'm so tired of dealing with my shitty laptop's schizophrenic wireless settings >:[ 
I have always embraced computers as a way to organize one’s thoughts and expand one’s mind . I do not regret my choices , but on occasion I admit that it has weakened me somewhat . To extend one’s mind in this manner comes at the cost of fracturing it . Though it impedes me on occasion , on the whole it has served me well , and in the future the technique can only be improved . \ 
#cyborgs 
I fixed my engine . I can now play back a whole game using just recorded player input :D It's good to know all that work won't go to waste . 
I've mentioned my zombie apocalypse dreams from time to time , but I also have dreams about me being a terrible driver . 
Man , being swamped with work and also single is not what I want to be doing for < PROPFIRST>'s Day :\\ 
There are some things that you just can't get away from , and it's not a matter of running away or facing them . They are too ubiquitous to escape and too intrinsic to defy . To lose them is to lose yourself , and losing one's self lays to waste all hope of knowing anything at all . 
My two giant projects of doom for this week are finally done ! Now I can start on math homework : T 
What the eff ? I optimized something in my game and now I'm getting HUGE lag spikes ? : I 
Got a < PROPMALE > to relax for the first time in two weeks . Too bad it won't last :\\ 
Had an awesome adventure in Capital Hill last night :D 
Blar , math homework , leave me alone . 
Math homework finally done D: 
Blar CS370 midterm , you're a jerk . 
I thought the compiler was optimizing out my code . Turns out it was actually me . HERP DERP . 
It's so cool how the openGL SDK doesn't really exist ! >:[ 
“Tell me , oh wanderer ! Tell me why have you lived ? Tell me why you have suffered , why you have smiled , why you have cried ! ” 
I think I say ' have fun ' the way most people say ' be safe ' . \ 
My priorities , they sure are in order ! 
Watched Bicentennial Man again . Still my favorite movie . 
Oh man , one more day till GDC : 0 
My midterm grades are better than I expected :D 
I now technically have a website complete with my own domain name ! However , the site itself still isn't finished :P \ 
www.CheyneAnderson.com 
Watch out San < PROPFIRST > , I'm coming for you . 
Oh my god , San < PROPFIRST > is awesome . It's like the people who built it weren't complete morons . Also , GDC , woo ! 
I met Notch :D 
I just got back from the fisherman's warf . I walked through Riply's museum of believe it or nots , had some food and took a bunch of pictures of seagulls for no good reason . 
Goodbye San < PROPFIRST > , you will be missed . 
Back on solid ground in my favorite city . \ 
Which is to say , in the greater area ; I'm not actually in Seattle . 
? Regular Expressions 
Playtesting a build you already know to be bad is really depressing . 
Man , circular dependencies sure are a pain ! 
Time to refactor some things ! ( This is a terrible idea , why am I doing this ? ) 
Dear < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , I want my hour back . 
The internet is resisting my attempts to derail myself . This is ... unusual to say the least . 
OH SHIT IT'S PI DAY :O 
In space , there is no up . 
http://io9.com/#!5782732/cybernetic-exoskeleton-creator-flaunts-this-seasons-latest-models\ 
You know , these could provide haptic feedback and allow you to control a character simultaneously . 
Why do I have homework due next week ? That's career fair week : C 
Minecraft , the game that plays you . 
I can't respect people who claim an idea is important to them but aren't willing to defend it . It's something that's been bothering me a lot lately . I was hesitant to hop on the ' A Week ' bandwagon at first , but then I realized I couldn't respect myself it I didn't . 
Blar , numerical analysis , BLAR . 
Writers block is stupid : I 
Finally done with my ENG440 story . It was hard to write , but I'm glad I did . 
Rocked career day B ) 
Fourier Transform . > : 0 
What is a proper type library , and why can I never find it ? 
Just had a phone interview with Microsoft . I have NO idea how well it went . 
