Pancakes ! 

wow , can't believe thunder won . 
So im excited about the possibility of a new and real challenge of potential employment @ OCG & Country Club ! Interview is Nov . 2nd . Im hoping it goes well ... Gonna make for a very long weekend ! 
Ah man now i gotta cut my hair , for interview , otherwise id say f-it . Jk not really tho 
Turns out there were no openings for my specialty ... pastry and the other openings they had i was overqualified for ... Ah well maybe some other ... State ? Lol 
Cant believe its almost time to celebrate the turkey laying its first < PROPFEMALE > egg !! 
Let me tell ya the feel and crunching sound of two cars grinding is frkn gross ... Watch out ! I grind cars jk ! What an accident =( 
Man i wonder sometimes about this whole 24 segments of 60 mins in a day bull ---- ... ive got alot of things to do n im way too relaxed ... 
U know ur in a ghetto type situation when u here gunshots ... Man some crazie foos out tonight !!! 
hmm , so new orleans seems so close yet so far away ... yet so close again hopefully not cutting it too too close . 
just started \taming of the wild black elephant\ " ... yeah ... " 
The sun is shining beautifully today 
man these years are going by so fast now .... 97 !.... here I come baby ! 
Man i need my paints ... No i need to figure out \the plate\ " ... Chocolate is pretty " 
Eventually all my questions will be answered when im 97 ... < PROPFEMALE > takes a loooong time ... 
I keep thinking of that movie in the color purple where whoopie goldberg kept telling her man to do right by her and how crooked her finger was or was it ? 
Thanks peeps !!!! I hope to be in bed by 630pm cst ..... :P 
Well as always i hope everyone has a good day today . Deuces ! 
retirement .... the thought of having to work with fake desparate twofaced backstabbing nincompoops almost bothers me , however i dont work with any , but to those in which im currently witnessing , who do , my thoughts go out to you ... -<PROPFIRST>'s rant is now concluded ..... : P 
chicks with no eyebrows , but attempt to draw them back on after shaving the original ones off .... what what ... 
