Waiting for the year to be over and Friday to begin . 

Just finished cleaning the entire second floor of the house and the kitchen ! Yay , just happy it's over with . 
The fourth is done : cleaning and sleeping ( a lot- like the rest of the day ) are next ! * Yawn * 
Just finished the 54 < PROPFEMALE > short story i began on monday- now i'm going to bed to sleep in !!! G'night! I love sleeping .... 
going camping this weekend . < PROPMALE > is out of the hospital and back home where he belongs !! 
FREAKING PESTERED ABOUT A YOUNGER COUSIN OF MINE ... gee i wonder who it could be ....? 
how do you post video ?????? It's driving me crazy !!! 
Had a great time at the family reunion . Saturday Volleyball for six hours . my arm still hurts . Lunch was fantastic as usual and already looking forward to next year ! 
< PROPMALE > convinced me that i stepped on a mouse 
Happy Birthday < PROPFEMALE > 
Phantom of the opera is good movie to have on while trying to get a baby to sleep , Baby < PROPFEMALE > fell asleep right away ! She's not even fussy and she's cute while sleeping 
Just finished cleaning the kitchen for the last half an hour , eww and gross are all i have to say . Had a snack and soon off to dad's for the week ! I need new books to read and i have sequels to find ... it all works out guys ! YAY ! 
Dizzy , sore , tired , tired of being dizzy , sore , and tired . It's confusing but in short . I'm sick with something and no idea what it is . Apparently no ones come up with something for dizzy spells 
Went book shopping with Aunt Steph- wow ! we have a taste in books . hehe ! 
Punky had her baby , a girl- < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ! ( Punky is my cousin < PROPFEMALE > by the way . ) < PROPFEMALE > Pupp 
< PROPMALE > is silly tonight on the phone- he's concerned about the PS3 and if games will work on it . 
Dayne sang You Belong With Me , by Swift and she did really good- i played it twice just to hear her singing . 
Camping was great . Weather for it was perfect . 
I need something to read . Like . Now . And no < PROPMALE > , i will not read your Zombie Survival Guide ! 
< PROPFIRST > is alone , I feel bad . 
i want to make cookies so badly , it's unbelievable ! I have to go .... yummy ... cookies ....! 
Okay , i made the cookies . i found something out about myself in the process : i hate baking alone and i suck at baking all together ! The funny thing is though ... i found it oddly amusing ! LOLOLOL 
I realized this morning when i tried a cookie i made last night ... somehow the ending taste was like biting into a fish 
I got Books to read again ! Thanks Aunt Steph 
Friday : Reynen got sick- the gross kind- the bucket was needed ! Saturday : Reynen was better- she almost fell asleep in my room- < PROPFIRST > refused to let me do yoga . Sunday : Reynen's a hell of a lot better and we pigged out for lunch and ice cream for dessert . Dayne stayed out of the way . It was a good weekend even if it was icky to begin with . < PROPFEMALE > saved my life with Reynen on Friday 
I broke my rule to never read the book of a series that isn't the first ... turns out i got lucky because i was able to catch on quick ! YAY ! now i just need the first one to read it anyway . dragons , vampires , demons , merpeople ... that kind of thing ... still ! 
I had a dream i fell down some stairs ... i woke with a jolt and scared my sisters and the dog . I was asleep for no more then ten minutes ! 
I almost fell down the stairs again , i was awake . 
Took an hour nap while waiting for clothes to dry . Dayne and Reynen woke me up- but my hour was up so it was alright . However it did still take me another while to actually wake up . 
Dayne and Reynen got their sostumes today : Dayne's a cat and Reynen is a witch with a mole on her face . 
won at CLUE against < PROPFIRST > ! 
Reynen has an ice pack stuck to her head ... no idea what happened and not gonna ask either . 
Made Dayne cry , made me laugh- along with Reynen ... I didn't hurt her physically , just emotionally : i coloured on her photo ( the glass ) with a marker . She yelled at me for something , everyone can testify , was her own doing . 
Back to Dad's today ! Had a fun weekend : Grandpa < PROPMALE > came by for a really unexpected visit !!! He looks healthy and a whole lot better ! 
Bram Stoker's \Dracula\ " has a PART 2 : Author Dacre Stoker's \ " Dracula the Un-Dead \"" 
did a forty minute work-out . i'm kinda sore ! 
Worked out again . It feels great . 
Halloween at Uncle < PROPMALE>'s and Aunt < PROPFEMALE>'s and the kids ! 
Had a great time at < PROPMALE>'s; Halloween was great , i went trick or treating in place of Reynen and got her her < PROPFEMALE > cuz she wasn't feeling good- she was a trooper all weekend ! 
Going with < PROPFEMALE > J . and Co . to go dress shopping for July's wedding ! YAY . Dad and the girls are going Bowling- they are excited as any kid would be- spending time with dad for the day :) 
We got a dress for < PROPFEMALE>'s wedding in July ! It's beautiful ... looks like something that Aphrodite would wear . ( she's the goddess of love ) 
Watching Baby < PROPFEMALE > again !! She's an angel . 
Reynen was such a big help last night with < PROPFEMALE > ! She earned herself five dollars for her hard work . 
Cleaned my couch for the first time in over four years ! It was icky ! 
Watching < PROPFEMALE > again today this afternoon 
Had a fabulous week at dad's house ; dad and i went bowling- he kicked my ass , but i got the strikes first every time . 
The girls are home for the day for Thanksgiving break ... this is gonna be a long day . Shouldn't be THAT bad i suppose . 
I was wrong 
today is our real vacation 
Helped mom make dinner plans for next week 
Off too dad's tomorrow so answering messages won't happen for a few days .... until then 
We set up Christmas lights and things at dad's . It's all Christmasy now in the yellow house . lol . Back to mom's tomorrow . 
This Wisconsin blizzard scares me 
My dad FINALLY has a Facebook account ! Isn't that cool ? 
< PROPFEMALE > , cold , there's a sun ... < PROPMALE > is over and the four of us are playing the Wii and trying to not make mom go crazy with the bickering , screaming ( when we win ) , and the loud music . 
Sometime today the goons are going to pull themselves from bed and we're going to decorate the tree . 
Going to Dad's for the week . Remember that i don't check messages until usually the weekend , meaning Sunday . Have a good week everyone ! 
HA ! I decided to check Facebook stuff today instead of Sunday :) Had a good week ; went over holiday plans . Talk again on Monday 
At mom's ' til Thurday then off to Grandma Dix's house ... she got puppies- as in more then one ! They're freaking cute :) 
Late night expected tonight- won't get home until after twelve thirty ... 
We opened presents at mom's . I got everything I asked for and the coolest slippers ever ! 
Going over to Aunt < PROPFEMALE>'s soon for the Bielen/Pupp/Plante/Dix Christmas-gift-opening celebration :) 
< PROPMALE > and i had pigged out on pizza at ten at night ! Yeah ! :) Garlic ! 
I actually slept in until 7:30 ! 
< PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > got me up at two , the first morning , then at four last night . I had coffee ... it was needed . They're so damn cute , you can't help but not care how early it is . 
Happy to be Home 
black 
Took care of the cmas tree by myself , carried it out to the curb and put away the ornaments and everything ; the dinning room is clean once more ! 
First one up this morning . Mom and < PROPFIRST > had a late- already made myself hot chocolate and filled the fire place . Now i'm just gonna watch ' Seven Brides for Seven Brothers ' 
Heated up the dinner mom made for us last night since she works kinda late now . Dayne's in her room until morning and Reynen is playing < PROPFIRST > Kart Wii . 
I slept wrong on my neck . I can't turn my head left ! 
Dayne , Reynen and i played like it was 1850 and the post came . They received love letters from their loves and it was hard to keep a straight face in playing our little game , it was so cute and funny . 
Did yoga . Knees hurt . Back to Dad's tomorrow ! 
Banned the girls from the Wii until next week . Sucks for them . Parents are out for the game and mom hopes to be back before nine which i doubt . Umm ...... oh and we cranked up the music because they are gone for the night-ish-afternoon-evening time . :) 
saw New < PROPFEMALE > with my family ; didn't think Dayne would cry but she did . Reynen asked questions during the entire film . I loved the phasing scenes with the five wolves . Did you know I met < PROPMALE > ( Taloy Launter ) . He shook my hand ! 
I'll be in heels again . For the day on Saturday for my Aunt's wedding in Marshfield . 
I think used too much bleach to clean the kitchen floor ... headach stings .... the girls are going to hate me when they get home and find they have to clean their room , sweep and possibly mop . Cleaning the house for mom- she takes her test today- since i'll be gone all weekend ! 
Two more days until We go to Stratford for Aunt K's wedding and i ge to finally see little < PROPMALE > ! 
< PROPFIRST > fixed my computer ! I realized this moring however , that i enjoyed not having it ! Not needing to worry about updating and email checking and crap .... Being free was nice . But it's even nicer to be back online . lol 
< PROPMALE > caught a mouse ! We praised him for a little bit ( like two minutes ) then we all went to do something else . < PROPMALE > caught it , but < PROPFIRST > killed it with Reynen's slipper- Don't tell her , < PROPFEMALE > ? 
Killed a mouse . The girls screamed for me to just hit . I finally gave the death-blow with a promise of < PROPFEMALE > as a reward . I feel horrible !!!!!!! 
Going to Dad's tomorrow . He's gonna flip out when he sees the girls ' haircuts ! 
Four hours of mixing dirt in < PROPMALE > and plastic pots , then spending thirty more minutes removing everything i put away just to properly clean out the greenhouse and the awesome-me part is that mom doesn't expect a clean greenhouse , just mixed dirt . It was alright , until i found spider web in my hair . 
Opened the windows in the library the front door and < PROPMALE > and i spent two hours outside while i read a book about cadavers and he napped . It's beautiful outside . I'll kick the girls outside when they get home . 
Because of my ' caring ' sisters , mom and < PROPFIRST > had to drain the pond and refill it- what fun ! < PROPFIRST > had me remove the nails from the pieces of wood to keep the plastic on the greenhouse walls . Then , because of the winter season , mom , < PROPFIRST > , and I re-plasticed the greenhouse . The girls and I cleaned the kitchen and Reynen helped me with the hammock for the front porch . Now , we're eating popcorn and watching a movie . 
Kicked off the shoes and climbed on top of the greenhouse to clear away the leaves . It was wobbly but interesting . Got a couple looks from passer-by , lol . Cleaned up the backyard best i could . 
Shocked the crap out of mom when she saw i cleaned up a pile of junk that had tipped over in the wheelburrow . Made me laugh . 
Dayne and I might be bunking together tonight because she's afraid of the thunder and lightning . SHE BETTER NOT HOG THE COVERS ! Reynen's mad at me and I don't know why she is THIS time . 
Erbert , Gerbert , Sherbert , < PROPMALE > , Peaches , and Cream . Our six fish . 
Going out of town this weekend for the Pupp Family Reunion at Uncle < PROPFIRST>'s 
Heading off to Uncle < PROPFIRST>'s ... I expect to see all you Pupps there :) If not , see you in August ! 
met White Tie Affair and The Main on monday ! I got autographs and pictures ! It was better than meeting < PROPFIRST > Launter ! 
Watching Dayne and Reynen fight is like living in a reality show . This going to be a looong summer ! 
Dayne isn't the only one afraid of the thunderstorm today . My cat is terrified and won't go near the windows . 
Going home for the weekend for Heritage Days in Stratford ! 
Dayne has pink-eye . CRAP ! No school today then ! 
two moms , two dads , two sisters , two pets ... i see a pattern .... 
Sick of the girls whining , crying , fighting , pinching , hitting ( Dayne has a black eye courtsy of Reynen- just today ) , and anything else you can think of . Thank god I'm going to New Orleans for a week- without them ! Voodoo shops I'm coming soon ! 
The parents and girls are gone , i'm alone and i realized after an hour , I hate being home alone ! IT'S SO DAMN QUIET , IT'S EERIE ! < PROPMALE > isn't that great for keeping company either . We don't head to New Orleans until about five tomorrow . It's gonna be a long night 
Bags packed- kind of . Ready to go- eventually . Excited about the long drive- 30 plus hours . New Orleans we're coming soon , i promise ! 
In Memphis with the Bielens . Spent the night up and barely got any sleep ! Oh Joy as you can imagine .... Toured the city and now we're trying to figure what to do for din . Tomorrow up and gone early for the six hour ride to New Orleans . HAUNTED HOTEL !!!!! 
In New Orleans and < PROPMALE > is hurting himself already ! lol . \ 
We toured today and had dinner at a < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > diner- my idea and it was proven a good one too . \ 
Our hotel has two pools , haunted , and is beautiful and easy to find . We're by French Market and the bugs don't come out because it's too freaking hot here for them ! LOVE IT ! 
Back home from New Orleans and got the pics up finally after nearly two hours of uploading . Family reunion this weekend . See you Pupps Saturday morning sometime , hopefully before noon lunch- don't want to miss that of course ! 
Sure 
Damn ! 
Flooding just outside my house . Did you catch that storm an hour ago ? It was beautiful . 
camping with the bielens and some people i don't know ... in a field by ourselves . Not sure if i like this plan . i hear ' horror movie ' whenever i think about it . 
CMA tonight . Might as well .... 
We didn't plan on staying the night .... We came home to nap only to find < PROPMALE > had no food and the dishes were gross in the sink . Oops ! 
It's WAY TO EARLY to be sick ! It's only September and not even officially Fall yet either . What the hell ? 
Dayne is going to try out Band 
Reynen got stitches ... again . 
Reynen got the stitches out . Can barely see the scar ! 
Oh hey ! I found my cat ! 
If you get hungry ... make BLTs . If you get tired ... go to bed - < PROPFIRST > 
Using the iPad right now to type this . Its so freaking cool !!!!!! Ben&tina and the kids are over for the weekend . Sucks that its to rain all weekend tho-bummer but well figure something out I'm sure :) 
< PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , and the kids just left . Now it's raining hard and we all just want a nap . 
Are you ready for the wind tomorrow ? I am ! Be prepared for downed power lines and trees uprooted . Be careful everyone . 
Okay ... Take a smoother there < PROPFEMALE > . It'll be alright . 
Friday night with mom and the girls then Saturday morning with mom and the girls again , but this time with coffee ! < PROPFIRST > is off hunting ... or will be eventually . 
Tonight we bonded as a family . We had a good laugh . A good cry . And then we went to bed at the same time . 
Went Christmas shopping with < PROPMALE > today . 
Gee , think it's snowing enough ? Can't tell where the driveway meets the lawn anymore because it's just that high . 
I just wanna scream while i go all kicking ass on my computer . AAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHH . 
My boyfriend makes no sense to me sometimes . 
Done Christmas shopping . Got three things . Mom's birthday present , two for < PROPMALE > . I spoil him so much ! Oh and of course can't go shopping without picking up some books for myself . 
Tomorrow didn't even happen yet and it already just got better ! 
Had Christmas early this year ! I Got Me Boots :) 
It's official , I got my very first Green Bay Packers jersey from < PROPFIRST > . #12 , Rogers- seeing as he's the only guy i know by name and what he does . 
Early risers should get a medal for getting up this early on the weekend . 
Wearing my Packers jersey for the first time ! They better win or I won't be able to wear it again after today . Mom has her red practice jersey , < PROPFIRST > has his Matthews and we have our < PROPMALE > jerseys on . 
Played the game , now I'm reading the book . Myst : The Book of the D'Ni- hope it's good 
While trying to sneak up on < PROPMALE > as he came around a corner he actually came up too fast and scared me . < PROPFIRST > thought i saw a mouse or something i'm sure i screamed a little . 
I saw a floor plan of our new house . I get a real closet ! 
reaching a high of 71 degrees , this is the warmest the living room area has been all season so far . Lowest being in the low fifties . 
Okay gotta admit ... I'm excited about today ! 
