Is ready for church , just hangin out for now . 

Is whooped from a job in < PROPFEMALE > 
is spending the rest of the day at the pool 
Cant wait to go back home .... 
One more week of work ... Then home . 
Airshow today , be on the lake all day . 
13 Days 
12 Days 
11 Days . ( yes I'm gonna keep this going ) 
15 Minutes to midnight ... guess I can go ahead and say I'm coming home tomorrow . 
Heading home tomorrow morning . 
Finally got home lastnight , had a decent trip , Dont tell anyone but I do miss Ohio alittle :P Thanks everyone for the safe trip wishes . 
Pretty sad when my own mother only scores 50% on a \how well do you know me\ " quiz . " 
Dany should know that I am half psycho and a full quarter dork , thank you very much . 
Only took me 15 1/2 hours by bus ... but I made it ! 
Made it home earlier tonight , finally got some wheels again ! 
Job hunting again , yeah its gettin old . 
Happy New Year !! 
Its at times like these in my life , such as trying to download music on dial up , that I sit back and wonder ... \why am I not bald ? \"" 
I believe we had to have set some kind of record for snow this year , I've never seen these people have this kind of panic attack before over ice . 
Missed church today thanks to the snow , that makes it just shy of a week since I've left the house ... yeah that cabin fever thing is startin to set in ... 
apparently ... I'm the only person on earth not watching the superbowl ? 
ok .. ok , so against my better judgement , I'm watching the superbowl . Still not quite sure what the attraction of 20 some odd freakishly large heavily padded gorrilas kicking the crap out of each other is ... but so long as I'm here ... go Colts ! 
Well , saints won , good for them . all of Tennessee will be in an uproar tommorrow though . 
First decent weather we've had this year and I'm bored out of mind ... 
Listening to Skillet's new CD , \Should've when you Could've\ " . Gotta be my new favorite song . " 
Took my first of two free Jiu-Jitsu classes tonight , it was actually pretty fun , might stay with it . 
My second jiujitsu class , The instructor let me in on the sparring this time ... And I'm man enough to say , I was whupped by a girl half my size . 
GOOD INTERNET FINALLY !!!! 
Praying there's no snow tommorrow 
I'm beginning to wonder where I found my friends ... 
Found this site thats pretty cool , if your like me and spend way too much time online , check out \Pandora Radio \"" 
I believe the only job requirement for tech support is 100% stupidity . 
Next Saturday I'll get to train with 6 time world jiu jitsu champion < PROPFIRST > Braga ... Yeah I'm only a little excited . = P 
Took a nice hike along the Appalachian trail . 
2:30 am , cant sleep , second time this week ... 
I realize there's only about 17 minutes left in the day , but better late than never right ? Happy Easter Everybody . 
Had a great day of layin around and being lazy , thanks for the birthday wishes everyone ! 
Just finished watching District 9 , easily one of the WORST movies I've seen in a long time . That's two hours of my life I will never get back . 
well .. been up for ... pushing 36 hours now , I think it might be time to cram 12 hours of sleep before church . 
I dont exactly agree with President Obama on some of the more obvious issues , but I'am an American therefore he is my President and has both my respect and prayers . 
Thinkin about runnin away to Fiji , anyone wanna come along ? 
Xbox red ringed , internet died , had to ghetto rig my e-brake cable ... fun day . 
Only 3 of us in for conditioning this morning ... Where was everybody ? 
Internet SHOULD have all the kinks worked out by now , gotta love doin a tech's job for them . 
3am , I think this the first time I've ever been on FB and no one else is on ... 
Had blood drawn for the first time in BJJ class , ah good times ... 
< PROPFIRST > Lafraniere ; As of tonight is a Yellow Belt , Congrats little bro . 
Just realized I have 100 friends on facebook , ( nevermind more than a third are family ) this disproves the argument that I am a hermit , now leave me alone . 
Interview at OfficeMax Tuesday morning .... 
Do we REALLY need another Karate Kid remake ?... 
Internet was down for three days ... I got alittle shaky there for awhile . 
\Gaming is good ... It's why God gave us thumbs\ " \ 
Never ... NEVER leave your car \ 
unlocked in a friends driveway , God only knows what may have happened by\ 
the time you get back to it . \ 
\ 
You know who you are , you know\ 
what I'm capable of ... \ 
* had to edit , blatant typing errors annoy me * 
0-4 at Friday Night Fights , not my finest performance . 
Fact : When driving in Morristown , Ghandi would experience road rage . 
Still cant believe < PROPMALE > beat Rampage ... 
sounds like a monsoon outside , hopefully the car window stays up ... 
There's no worse \ 
feeling than that millisecond you're sure you are\ 
going to die after leaning your chair back a\ 
little too far . 
Alright , so I'm thinking about becoming a political lobbyist . What I would like to do is introduce a law that makes \introduction to common sense\ " a required class for every American citizen regardless of age/gender/religion/sex/race . " 
Not gonna make it to Ohio this time ... I'm gonna catch crap for this I just know it ... 
“Get\ 
your facts first , then you can distort them as you please . ” * < PROPFIRST > Twain*\ 
This reminded me of certain people .... = P 
Got the house to myself ( mostly ) for the next two weeks . 
As predicted , I've already had my well being threatened twice . 
Watching E3 , I'm a bit disgusted with Microsoft's pathetic showing .... Any other nerds watching ? 
Stupidily fell asleep on the couch , now I cant turn my head , and I'll most likely be up all night . 
\The two pillars of ' political correctness ' are : a ) willful ignorance . b ) a steadfast refusal to face the truth\ " * < PROPFIRST > MacDonald * " 
We can comment , we can like .... But we cant dislike ?... You force me to be too nice Facebook ... 
Is now the proud owner of a swollen knee , wouldnt quite compare it to a grapefruit .... Maybe a large orange . 
Going fishing in the morning . 
Is 3pm too early for bed ? 
how\ 
many of us really now everybody on our FB friends list ? Here's a test for\ 
you , I want all my FB friends to post how you met me . after you comment , copy\ 
this to your status . you'll b amazed @ the responses you get ... I had to try this , should be good for a few chuckles . 
Not feeling too great , starting to think O'Charlies poisoned me ... ( Good call < PROPFEMALE > ) 
Roundtrip to the airport through a monsoon , it is most definitely bedtime . 
How many times is \ 
it appropriate to say \What ? \ " before you just nod\ 
Long day , gettin to bed early . 
Heading to Cherokee for the fireworks . 
Happy 4th everybody . 
I give up , heat wave wins , can it cool down now ? 
And with Lebron goes < PROPMALE>'s hopes and dreams , is winning one thing ... Anything ... too much to ask ? 
Taking the ASVAB tomorrow , should be fun . 
\It is interesting to note that criminals have multiplied of late 
Got into the habit of staying up till 2-3 again , now I gotta get up early , fun stuff . 
4:40 wakeup call .... fun stuff . 
Was sworn into the Army National Guard on the 29th . I dont ship until January 5th .... Still cant quite believe that I did it . 
Found my Ipod after it was missing for near a week , I think the shakes might stop now . 
Just got home from loitering . 
Pandora is hit or miss tonight .... 
Goin to see \The Expendables\ " tonight . " 
Not feeling quite right ... I need to shake this , whatever it is . 
My first drill for the National Guard , got to work track security , and driver security detail for the NASCAR race in Bristol .... Not as much fun as it sounds , trust me . 
I come home half dead and everyone and a half decides to send me a message . Today I can't sleep , no one is on ... 
alright ... immediate family tree complete , including adopted families . 
Booms Day : Good fun , The drunken rednecks made the evening truly complete . 
Drill again this weekend ... REALLY not ready for a two mile run . 
Someone who is always right .... Deserves to be punched .... Those are my feelings for the day . = P 
I once again bear the moniker of \Produce Guy \"." 
Goin into work at 4am .... Fun times . 
That time of the month again ... Drill tomorrow and Sunday . 
One day down , one to go . 
Some days you just feel like sucker punching a manager . 
Flu shots work great ... I think I have the flu . 
Got some good rolling in tonight , thank God no work tomorrow . 
If I'm not back in five minutes .... Just wait longer . 
10 hour day tomorrow , gotta love Thanksgiving . 
Repo Men : Great movie . 
Glad I noticed time change before I left work ... 
Day off tomorrow ! 
I may have just mastered the < PROPMALE > of doctoring an 88 cent pack of ramen ... 
Work in an hour , then I have to find time to run . 
Always relaxing to be beat up by some good friends . 
I dont ever want to trim a piece of celery again ... for as long as I live ... Ever ... Period . 
I believe I'll go against the crowd : No more snow ... 
Snow sucks ... That is all . 
So , apparently if acid reflux is bad enough , you feel like you're dying . Who knew ? 
Gonna miss the crew from Victory BJJ 
Graduated Basic ! Got my second pass today ! 9 more weeks .. 
