Space camp is going great ! 

cell phone broke :[ 
is fuckin ecstatic ! yah now its up to this lame ass world to kill my buzz lol 
searching for the holy grail of metal 
I love coupon scams ! 
< PROPMALE > potter marathon 
< PROPMALE > potter marathon with all my < PROPMALE > potter friends 
HOly fuck ! almost got mauled to death by a giant black bear on my nightly jog . 
Always < PROPFEMALE > starts in 2 days ! 
itttssss the Attack of the Wrath of the War of the Death of the Strike of the Sword of the Blood of the Beeaaast ! 
If you are reading this , even if we don't speak that often , post a comment of a memory of you and me . When you're finished , post this paragraph on your own status . You'll be surprised at what people remember about you . 
fanfuckintastic . 
lmfao 
HELLLZ YEAH !!!, just fixxeded muh xbox !! 
jazz day 
Kopfschmerzen !! 
hoody season is near 
got muh macbook pro ! 
watching the IT crowd 
found a BIG ! LOTS 
coffee ? what an excellent idea . 
my kidneys hurt . 
always < PROPFEMALE > in philly xmas special 
i want to go campin . 
Why the fuck am I in Missouri ? 
< scream > Fuck . < /scream > 
Arvo Pärt 
Banksy 
Ya goddamn right It's gonna to be a beautiful day , cause ima sleep through the whole wretched thing . 
Dr. Strangelove ? 
Russian Metal 
Back from camping in the frozen marshes . 
In a couple day's this poison < PROPFEMALE > will consume me , and I will be an incomprehensible blob of infected blisters leaking a trail of contagious fluids , as I roll around in my quarantined house . 
I hide anyones facebook status when it seems annoying at the time , and then when there is only one person left , I unhide everyone and start all over again . 
happiness . 
Mmmmm , Stresses warm embrace . . . 
Here I am , 
Quite a daft bloke , my butler is . 
A short walk in the light of the world . ( with breaks for coffee and snacks ) 
oh the ambiguity . 
ohhhhhhhhhh shiiiiiiiiiiiiiiit . . . 
There was something in the air that night , < PROPMALE > . 
Bad pizza , twizzlers , and Mountain Dew , stay ! Stayyyyyy ! 
What the Fuck ? 
Upon the absence of parmesan , one notices the limiting effect it plays on the overall spaghetti experience . 
Im the only dude at this party , and all these chicks are trying to get me drunk and take advantage of me . What should I do ? I knew I should of came with a friend . 
' Damnit < PROPFIRST > , put your slippers on , we need you out in the field!' - Coach 
http://www.gametrailers.com/user-movie/masterpieces-in-3d/343396?playlist=popular 
About to embark on the most strenuous expedition , covering nearly half my house . There will be obstacles along the way that will test the endurance and over all will power that is necessary to retrieve my chicken patties from the oven , but the thought of a delicious crispy chicken sandwich should be enough to keep me going . 
' Um , excuse me sir , you can't just set a couch and tv set up in the middle of the freezer section . Where does this extension cord lead to ? Are you going to pay for all of these popsicles and half eaten boxes of ice cream ? I would advise you to leave now before I call the police . ' ' Shut up ! this is the best part ' 
' Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck , why don't you just put me out of my misery!' - my mini < PROPFIRST > 
JUST MADE THE MOST FUCKING AWESOMEST SANDWICH OF FUCKING ALL TIME !!!!!!!! . . . . BOUT TO CHOW DOWN ON THAT BITCH !!!!!! 
My chemistry teacher has a russian accent ! FUck YEA ! 
So I had to go to the bank today and dispute me being charged like 60 bucks and to close my account . When I told the lady this she just started looking at me all pissed off right ? \ 
' 60 dollars ?!?! Close your account ?! < PROPFIRST > , what kind of bank do you think we are ? ' she says . 
ahahahaha 
Should probably spend more time with my couch . 
damn 
Turn your news channels on there's a 50ft cat rampaging through < PROPMALE > , they're advising everyone to stay INSIDE !! Casualties are in the 3k+ range and climbing ! 
Aww HOT-DAYUM !! Ta'day goin b ' filled wid ' more than tha ' average share'a homemade splosive makin ' , all-sorts'a diferenshit shootin ' , moonshine a'brewin ' , an well , drinkin ' o'course . N-anyother difren'types ' ofa'Merika celibratin ' aktivity I'cant quiet hardly think'a right now . 
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh 
In conclusion , fuck the beach . 
And fuck wheel barrels too ! 
Watched the second half of Natural Born KIllers . such a great movie 
Getting in a knife fight with a bunch of rabid homeless people is actually more fun than it sounds ! 
I say , the fog this mourning was particularly foggy . 
Today is going to be an amazing day . 
Oh Bawls Guarana , shall I compare thee to a summers day ? 
Such a shitty weekend , can't wait to have another one ! 
' Whoaa , officer theres no need for this hostility , I'm not resisting!'''And its a damn shame son , cause frankly I like my rape victims to struggle alittle , makes things more interestin'!' 
< PROPMALE > Moran 
GOT A MOFUCKIN JOB !!! 
Most crazy dream I ever done had . O_o 
has a mad craving for some skittles right now . 
Won't be spending my nights alone anymore , and I think this is what I like most about skittles new 70 gallon bags 
Thank you everyone for wishing me a happy birthday , sorry this is late but I havn't had much time to check my facebook , my birthday orgy ran longer than expected . I did have a ' happy ' birthday , and am continuing to have an amazing birthweek . Now if you will excuse me I have to get back to drinking piña coladas and take my 5th bubble bath today . 
Do you think pedophiles honk their horns at children that they find attractive ? 
Her name is sleep and we've always been madly in love . . . 
Mountain Dew Code Red + Gin . 
ohjollyme.blogspot.com 
Just woke up from a 26 hour slumber , new personal record ? Possibly ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Cash and I are getting into bar fights with bad greasy characters . We are kicking ass . 
www.hotsynch.com/funny/fb.html 
Just bought a new trampoline . BOUT < PROPFEMALE > GET MUH JUMP ON ! 
Just woke up from 24 hours of sleep , I am learning how to walk again . 
Acorns fill my cheeks\ 
Tires screech as I turn my head\ 
My tail is missing . 
needs crazy bitch insurance . 
Whats that one song that goes , whoaaaaohhhhhOHHHHHHohhhhhhOHHHHOHHHH(OHHHHHHH ! ) OHHHH ! OHHHHohhhhh ohhhhh ohhhhh OHHHHH ! then in the back ground its like ohhhhhOHHHHHOHHHH !? 
ICP concert tomorrow morning with Grandma ! I'm stoked . 
Does anyone know places that are hiring ? If not , could you possibly point me in the direction of some buried treasure ? Or would you happen to know of any bank heists that are currently in planning mode ? I can supply my own piece . 
