is FAR more excited that I FINALLY made it through one year without getting any speeding tickets !! No fiiiiiinnes in OH nine is FINALLY true ! Bring on 2010 !! 

wishes I hadnt taken that two hour nap today ... dang it ! At least I am finally getting the < PROPMALE > to watch Animal House ... 
First < PROPMALE > Potter movie down .. three more to go ... 
is in a new library but still super excited about finding my designated study spot .. and I know .. this makes me even MORE of a loser ! 
oooooh snap ! First day of classes tomorrow ! Going to try and get some sleep tonight .. although if the people upstairs keep on \moving\ " at 3am its going to be GO TIME ! " 
Oh facebook , why must you let me procrastinate < PROPFEMALE > much !?! 
it took us 16 < PROPMALE > to get there but we finally were able to find an awesome cuban food restaurant ! all is well ... all is well ! 
is well on my way to getting back on that caffeine .. dang its only the second day of class ! 
Last day of week one finally !! Is it bad that it seems like I have been here for 2 years already ? hmm ... awkward .. 
my SVB is back in the States !! Im not really sure why Im calling the United States the States like Im a foreigner or something ... weird ! 
ugggggh ... Property Homework ... There are no words ... 
getting jacked up on Monster Energy Drinks .. thats what its aaaaaall about ! 
is totally getting ready to use the word \brouhaha\ " on a class assignment ... Im super excited in the nerdiest possible way about it ! " 
F S U .. F S U ! I do wish I could be there to hear that Drumline toss up a beat or two ... 
\the closer to death the better\ " ... ahh .. the lack of pc in property class " 
well .. I guess its good that we won .. but .. um .. really , it was pretty close for a game against Jacksonville State , sadly . 
Oh my goodness , I think I just died and went to heaven .. there is now on ESPN a Boston Sports < PROPFEMALE > ! And 99% of you think I am Lame , and also couldnt care less ... but I LOVE my Boston Sports teams ! 
Thanks everyone for the love ! I had an awesome birthday dinner with the people here in Macon and now I get to ... come back to the library to continue studying .. I know I know .. I rocked out HARD for my birthday ! 
haha .. < PROPMALE > Python and the Holy Grail clip in Property ... best day ever ! 
is excited its ALLLMOST the weekend ! 
Is back from a whirwind trip to Tallahassee , had a GREAT time visiting the peeps ... but now its time to get back to law school ... aka what on earth is going on in property ? 
Go FSU ! And Go Red Sox , and .... tomorrow Go Patriots !!! So many good games going on this weekend ... apparently life continues even if you get to be stuck in the library all day like me ! 
ouuch ... * slowly puts away the FSU shirt * .... that was horrific ... hopefully my Red Sox dont let me down or this is going to be a terrible day for my fave sports teams ... 
is it only Monday ? 
Hey who is on this Skype thingie ?? I just got it and I have no idea how to use it ! 
oh goodness .. my super competitive nature has kicked into overdrive ... woooo saaaa 
wonders how many letters the Pres of Florida State must be getting that he felt the need to write a letter to the students , alumni and faculty telling us that he is not in charge of firing < PROPFIRST > Bowden and to wait til the end of the season ?! Craziness ... 
feels like ( or rather it smells like ) there is a gas leak at the school ... I am smelling gas but I dont know what I should do about it ... 
sad day for my Red Sox ... but I guess I should be happy because now I wont be so distracted this month with the post season ... still ... until next year ! 
Its kind of sad that I save up all my internet surfing on Fridays until its time for Legal Analysis aka Legal Paralysis ... 
sad day .. sad day .. Yankees won , I must go into mourning . 
wishes she had the willpower to take down her facebook account ... 
Yay Im back on facebook ! I shouldnt be on it since I have one more exam left ... but .. I held out for a while . 
its has been fun stalking everyone's facebook from a month ago til now .. mwahaha 
is a little worried that I didnt realize Alabama beat Florida a whole month ago ... what else have I missed ? Dang ! 
got a zebra snuggie from my SVB ! I am determined to wear it in class at LEAST five times this semester !! Now I can dance randomly like the cool kids on those snuggie commercials !! 
Am I the only one excited about today being 1/1/11 ? And for that matter ... in November , 11/11/11 ?? I blame my middle school teacher for making me notice this on 9/9/99 -- Ms. < PROPFIRST > ! 
\its a principal ... PAL !. Who is your best pal ? Its your FIRST friend !... see ? Principal ! \ " ... Yes .. this is what we are learning in Civil Procedure ... " 
has finally been introduced to SELLING things on Amazon ! ( I know , I know , Im like 10 years behind the times ) ... I have got the selling fever so bad I would sell my MAMA for ten dollars !!! 
it may snow here tomorrow ! Im super excited I havent seen snow in YEARS ! -- on second thought it sounds like an \Im from Florida\ " excited ... ill keep my joy to myself ! " 
It IS snowing here ! And any plans of getting any homework done today has been DASHED ! 
is seriously wondering where this semester has gone ! 6 weeks left of classes before the first exam ! Craaaaziness ! 
phew .. glad that's over and done with ! 
oh insomnia ... you are intent on ruining any < PROPMALE > I have at remaining coherent in life in general 
so about 30 < PROPFEMALE > ago I was a witness to a man and woman beat each other up , the man choking the woman and beating her senseless and then she responding by trying to run him over ... and in the midst of all of this , the only thing i was thinking about was Torts class and all the legal defenses and charges that each offender had ... and I blame law school for that ! 
Tomorrow is my sisters birthday and she is turning 28 ! Goodness Lexi , it seems like just yesterday we were forcing mom and pop dukes to listen to us as we had \concerts\ " ... aka you playing the piano and me \ " singing\ " ... good times ! Love ya ! " 
uh oh .. I think I have discovered the world of craigslist to advertise my furniture ... aaaaaaand now I may be addicted once more to selling all my stuff like a crazy person .. 
Is thankful my Celtics are showing up because my Red Sox certainly arent ! 
is mourning the loss of a shoe .. gunned down by an overzealous puppy ! 
please God please ... make this con law nightmare stop !! I cant believe this is just the first exam ... 
What what go Celtics !! 
just found all the letters I sent my grandfather growing up ... there were tons and right on top of his dresser :( 
Oooooooh snap .... 2 and oh ! Go celtics !! 
Lookin forward to mon night ! Did someone say they saw superman ? He sure didn't make an appearance tonight ! Dang !! 
is celebrating a breezy and < PROPFEMALE > 79 degrees up here ... gloriousness ! 
Great .. and now all of a sudden 20 billion new Heat fans are going to emerge ... well .. as for me .. Go Celtics ! 
Is seated on top of a mountain with the most gorgeous views on the most gorgeous day ... can't get any better than this ... 
ahh Im on skype ! This is so coooool !! 
is saddened that I'm equating 68 degree weather with being cold outside ... dang you Florida for making me a wimp ! 
has experienced true heartache ... in the form of a long awaited couch that wont fit into the doorway ! UGHH !! 
\The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing . \ " -- < PROPMALE > Burke . I could write a book about how true this statement is . " 
Patriots !!! Patriots !! Yes , Im loving finally being up in Massachusetts so that I can root for my team without the scorn of all the Florida football fans ! Mmm hmm ! 
lets go Florida State ! 
chooses to believe that in ALL things , God works for the good of those who love Him ... not going to let anyone take my joy away ! 
Yes !! UF lost ... now FSU we just have to survive the dreaded 4th quarter with Miami ... go FSU ! 
FSU WIIIIIIIN !! * digs my fsu gear out of my drawers * 
All I need is the Jets to lose for this to be a GREAT football ( and basketball ) weekend ! 
come on Texas ... six more outs and you will make a lot of Red Sox fans extremely happy ! 
My sister < PROPFIRST > Dimanche is having a BOY ! My first nephew after four nieces !! 
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO Miami WHO ?!! GET OUT OF OUR HOUSE !! 
31 degrees outside .... I am NOT prepared ! 
lovin my Boston Celtics ! 
YEEEEESS !!! Having the best week EVER ! God is good ! 
GASP ! We are getting snow showers tonight , per the weather channel ! Im sooo excited !! 
proud to be the daughter of a Vietnam War Veteran ! Happy Veterans Day ! 
is HOPING my Boston Celtics can maintain a lead !! 
sometimes you just gotta do a lil happy dance !!!!!! 
Happy Thanksgiving to ALL , and to ALL a ........ happy .... thanksgiving ?.. dang it I ruined that ... 
F-L-O-R-I-D-A S-T-A-T-E ... FLORIDA STATE FLORIDA STATE FLORIDA STATE ... WOOOOO !! Come on Noles , this just may be our year !! 
hmm .. 26 degrees outside ... now where is the snow ?!! 
is thankful for all of Gods blessings , including being able to fly to < PROPMALE > this week to see my family !! 
has to get a chicken pox shot , because I'm one of the few freaks left out there in the world who has never had the chicken pox . But I'm worried because the shot is actually a little bit of the chicken pox virus !! Just my luck I'll get full blown chicken pox ( yes , I'm acting like chicken pox is similar to AIDS ) from it !!!! 
sooo .... with all the snow in New England ... may be chilling in < PROPMALE > for a couple more days ! 
okay .. okay .. we are playing the Jets next week .. time to man up , show < PROPMALE > up and deliver ANOTHER beat down ! Go Pats !! 
This is crazy !! Not even 10 and at my house we nearly have 2 ft of snow !! I tried to take some pictures so yall could get an idea but they really do not so it justice !!! AND it's supposed to be snowing all day today !!! There is NOTHING like living in New England !! I may have to steal a kids tube to go Tubing !! 
I think that Strozier Library has finally met its match .. Im nearly beside myself in the gloriousness that is the UCONN law library .. and Im proudly nerdy enough to admit it brought a tear to the eye ! haha .. but no seriously ... its quite nice ! 
I am so nervous about this game ... I have been this entire week .. a Pats loss at this point is the equivalent of the 2007 debacle .. I can barely breathe !! Go Pats , lets stomp those Jets ! 
Icy road conditions ???! I know I was born here but I'm too much of a chicken to try my extremely shaky luck on driving today . commence bunkering down for the day and hoping the road crews are able to do something for the roads before tomorrow 
its snuggie weather up here today ... negative 7 degrees tonight ... and yes .. with my snuggie I will be raising the roof as that commercial suggests !! haha 
is in Macbook Air heaven ! 
c'mon Celtics ... c'mon Celtics , make me proud !! 
sigh .. so in ol ' yeller news , I tried to open my sunroof ( why ? I dont know why .. because Im an idiot , thats why ! ) and it got stuck ... and ive tried everything and it wont close ... Ol ' yeller is becoming more and more rabid by the day ! 
oooh snap its the weekend , time to live it uuuu ... oh wait . I have a mountain of homework to do ... sigh .. and to the library we go .... 
All right < PROPFIRST > Allen -- (Boston Celtics-basketball -- for all you losers who dont know , and equally dont care ... ) Tonight is your night to beat the all time 3 point record ever !! WOOT WOOT ! So wishing I wasnt in class right now so I could watch ! 
It's been said that everlasting friends can go long periods of time without speaking & never question the friendship . These types of friends pick up like they just spoke yesterday , regardless of how long it has been or how far away they live , and they don't hold grudges . They understand that life is busy , but you will ALWAYS love them . Re-post if you have at least 1 of these friends . They will know who they are ! 
YYEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSS !!!!!! GET OUT OF OUUR HOUSE !!!! 
bought a bottled water from the vending machine and 3 coca cola bottles came out with the water ... Vending Machine WIIIIN ! ( and yea .. I'm telling the facebook world that I straight up stole three cokes .. but its okay because I didnt mean to ? ) 
Please keep my sis and hubby and new nephew in your prayers , received this text from frank : It's a boy . Born at 6:04 pm 6 pounds 12 ounces , 21.12 inches tall ... The baby is having complications breathing . He's now in a oxygen machine and the doctors took him away from us to run more testes to help him recover . 
thanks for the prayers .. my sis and first nephew are both doing better :) 
