is doin damn dandy 

Gettin ready to have this tat finally touched up ! I'll have photos up later . 
Looking for some room mates . Place in demorest , hit me up . 
FACEBOOK EXPERIMENT- if you are reading this , whether we do or don't speak often , please post a comment of the first memory you have of you and me that pops in your head . When you've finished , post this paragraph on your own status ; You'll be surprised what people remember about you . i stole this from < PROPFEMALE > Savage . 
Kind of glad the weekend's over , last night was fuckin crazy ! I wish we taped it . Havin an intervention with myself as well , gotta cut back on the alci . 
I'd have to say that this weekend was a definate success ! 
Alright so I know people party on thursdays and I now have fridays off , so somebody ... Hit me up for this thursday ! 
is ready for the weekend . fun fun fun then on sun I'll run 
Gotta a new car ! Love it ! 06 Galant . Anyways , gotta break it in , so uh ... I'll be cruisin if you need me . 
is lovin life , my friends , my fam , my job , my car , and everything else in my life and most of all ... I love , yes I love ... My Dog 
Looking forward to the play tonight , think its gonna be a lot of fun ! 
zzzzzzzzzz zzzzzzzzzz zzzzzzzzz zzzzzzzzzz zzzzzzzzzz 
Feel like life is changin ... Again ? 
I love this shit , and Ima keep lovin 
Lookin for a yes 
ANyone got a PS2 they would just so happen to want to give away ? I've got one that works , just not well . So I'm not spending money on one . ANy help would be great . Thanks 
Still lookin for a free PS2 
Hello motherfucker hey hi , how ya durn ? 
Chillin at the house all day , hit me up if you wanna come chill 
What was that ?! Who slams doors ? 
Ah yes , new years < PROPFEMALE > ! It is time to shine and wasted out of my mind ! 
You can call me what you want , Im makin money havin fun like weeeeeeee ! 
Sweet , back to cookin tomorrow ! So if your on campus tomorrow come and eat some food . I'm ready to cook up a storm ! 
Well , not what I expected , but fun night ! good times , good times 
It feels weird not havin to work all day ... 
So wasted wednesdays , hangover thursdays and now I'm off to work ... bla 
Am I tired or just ready to do it again ? 
I take shots and just lay up then fade away , dreaming of better days , dreaming of better pay 
Who I want to be comes tomorrow , who I am only comes today and with yesterday as my teacher best believe I'm here to fuckin stay . Not here to play no games , but I plan to win this shit , so come on , my hands up and I wont fuckin quit . 
bored 
Life aint about whats better than 
I've got some advice for you little < PROPMALE > . Before you point your finger you should know that I'm the man , and If I'm the fucking man then your the fucking man as well so you can point that fucking finger up your ass 
Awesome party last night , and tonight for our special we're having .... Athens ! 
Am I a man dreaming I was a butterfly , or I am now a butterfly , dreaming I am a man ? 
The feeling of being lost is often due to a person not really living his or her life . This is the influence of acting outside one's nature , by living the \American Dream\ " instead of one's own personal dream . " 
Hey ! < PROPMALE>'s here 
Don't believe its going to snow , but I'm into it 
The igloo ... comin along great ! 
I feel like my picture makes me appear to be a vampire ... but not one that sparkles . Fuck that , I just wanna pierce the skin , eat you up and suck ya dry ! 
Governing a large country is like frying a small fish . You spoil it with too much poking . 
Conquering others takes force , conquering yourself is true strength . 
Holy shit < PROPFEMALE > was awesome ! Magic Hat #9 is phenominal ! Sunrise on the beach saturday morning was so invigorating and inspiring ! Made my own zen garden tonight with sand from tybee . What a well lived weekend :D 
Damnit today sucks . Guess me and ev caught something while we were in < PROPFEMALE > . Sick as a dog , even had to miss work . I hate it 
I love my weekends , pong here I come 
If anyone lookin for someone whos new to the scene , but hits hard then you need to listen to the new mixtape by XV \30 Minute Layover\ " get your free copy at www.mixtapetorrent.com " 
3 days ... and the party animal is off the leash 
I ran into superwoman , she turned into a super b-tch . I hit it with that super d-ck , she be comin super quick 
is getting ready to get crunk as a < PROPMALE > mothafucka can ! Party on the River ! 
Figured if I study high , take the test high , get high scores ... right ? RIGHT ! 
We are not the same , I am a martian 
Remember when you're great , it aint murder ... its assassinate 
I walk on air , put me on the edge and I'll walk off there 
I love this shit 
You wanna know what word I really just love !?..... Fuck . I love that word , it flows so well of the tounge , just say it and try to argue with me . 
damnit 
So the catering wasn't that bad tonight , real glad it was for some of the students . And damn I love those people that make me smile :) 
I want to be an astronaut when I grow up , like < PROPMALE > skywalker , but instead of the light saber Ill play the bass , BOOOOOM ! 
< PROPFIRST > is on wednesday and we will celebrate this weekend , hell yes 
This has been an awesome weekend , keg party , skate off , racin aces , 2 hour jam making non stop music with < PROPFIRST > , now I'm just chillin soon i'll shower and be off to bed . I love rainy days . 
One day our kids will have to visit museums to see what a lady looks like . So if you find one , I beg of you , hold her tight . Yes , if you spot one , good sir , treat her right . 
Ima pick the world up and Ima drop it on yo fuckin head ! 
She's got powers and I think I want to get in her spell 
Gotta be to work at 6 in the a . m ..... so much fun . HAHAHAHAHAhahahahhh . Aight world , peace and love at ya ! 
Holy crap what a long day at work , but now Im home and Im just 40 oz from freedom ... sweet , time to relax ! 
From the weave to the fake eyes , to the fake nails down to the toes . Ha ha ha ha ! We luv deez hoes , Ha ha ha ha ! We luv deez hoes ! 
haha , Ima put this way ... I feel good . 
Music is the heart beat of my soul , I can feel its rhythm runnin all through my veins ; every beat every breath all in tune with each other all playing the symphony of my life ! But sometimes you gotta check yourself ... check 1-2 check check . HAhaHAHot ! 
Pass out at 3 , wake up at 10 go out to eat then do it again 
... but I know we can't all stay here forever so I want to write my words on the face of today and then let them paint it tomorrow ... 
Wicked night , I love my social and spiritual network . Wabi Sabi was definately an experience to be remembered ! 
This is a man's world , but it wouldn't be nothing without a woman or a girl 
Aw yes monday ... Back to work . 
Workin ' it with my tounge , you can just tell me if it tickles 
Haha ! I am in such a killer mood today ! 
ANYONE HAVE A GUITAR THEY WOULD LIKE TO GET RID OF ? The lower bridge of my acoustic is pealing off and warping the body so I've de-stringed it to release the tention . It's driving me crazy not being able to make music every night . IF ANYONE COULD PLEASE HELP I WOULD GREATLY APPRECIATE IT ! 
SOMEBODY PLEASE I NEED A GUITAR !!!! 
Hittin the sack , got one last day of work then Im off for the weekend . Damn this has been a rough one , but hey ... I LOVE MY JOB !!!! 
Damnit I really want another git fiddle ... It will be soon . 
Aw shit goin campin tonight : Fire , Music , Boose and ... Sweet thangs to chat with all night 
1/5/2010 First day of my quit smoking plan . Successful not one cig all day . Exciting almost ! 
Hell yes , 4/6/10 , day two no smoking . Took a couple puffs off a cig after a 24oz weiser , but hell what can ya say 
Got a little out of focus today , smoked about a whole cigarette . All will be good , I have made great progress and things can only strengthen when you work at them . 
... IT ALL COMES BACK TO YOU , YOU'RE BOUND TO GET WHAT YOU DESERVE , TRY AND TEST THAT , YOU'RE BOUND TO GET SERVED . LOVE'S WHAT I GOT , DONT START A RIOT , YOU'LL FEEL IT WHEN THE DANCE GETS HOTTT !!!!! 
Been lovin the weather over the past couple of days , but I gotta say that the way the rain has cooled things off ... GREAT 
Mucho gusto me llamo < PROPMALE > 
Last night was amazing . The lake , the fire , the music ... ah and the essence . 
Oh and Did I mention we smashed my guitar and threw it on the fire ? Wish I had pictures of it , it was amazing ! 
One good about music is when it hits you , you feel no pain . So hit me with music !!!! 
And the girls carress me down , and thats the loving sound 
So today Im no longer a teenager . I've been an \adult\ " for 2 years now and it'll be another year before I can legally sip that \ " adult beverage\ " . Well ... the countdown begins I got 365 days til I can walk into that liquor store and get all that alcohol I CAN afford . " 
Damn what a good day ! And now Im at the house chillin on some Magic Hat , just keepin the mind lifted . Happy Birthday < PROPMALE > , hell yea thanks man and Happy birthday to you too ! SwEeet . And every one who showed some love today , appreciate it you guys rock ! 
Ok for the first time since me and ev discovered the magic , I have duplicate bottle caps from the same six pack . \Beware of Ducks in Raincaots\ " What is this a conspiracy or something ? " 
Morning jog with BudE dog was real refreshing and I think he really enjoyed that ! We're gonna have to do this more often . 
Summertime . Yea the livin's easy . 
Last night was awesome and thanks again to everyone who came out to the festivities , most definately a night to remember ! Damn life is good HaAHaA 
If you like SUBLIME and you like DUB and you like REGGAE then you NEED to check out SLIGHTLY STOOPID , THE EXPENDABLES , and PEPPER . This is some GREAT MUSIC that the WEST COAST is still supplying us with . 
Straight to the dome , straight , straight to the dome ! oWWWW 
Every day I love her just a little bit more , a little bit more , a little bit more ! Every day I love her just a little bit more and she loves me the same . BOP BOP BOP 
HAHA Happy 420 < PROPFEMALE > , today in history a lot of shit happens ! Hope everyone has a good one HAHA ! 
I'm not normally a baseball person , but tonight was good . I didn't know bats break so easily and then to see em win in the 9th . Sweet . 
If I had a shotgun you know what I'd do , I'd point that thing straight at the sky and shoot heaven on down for you . 
is downloadin reggae , mostly roots 
\Through down the bottle and pulled out my pipe \"" 
Why do I work at such a boring college ... 
You're a builder a baby , here I am a stone 
The night isn't over until the sun comes up and the day doesn't start until the sun goes down . The mood picks up and the friends come around , thats my life , welcome to my town . 
Killer workout today , gonna get some grub in a little bit , clean up . Sh ! t I am sleeping good tonight ! 
Dont understand why Im still awake , but sleep is gonna be goooooood 
I love my dog , yes I love , said I love my dah-who-ah-wh o-o g ! AY-O 
Lovin life as is , as was and as to what will come of it ? Ha , well Im sure Ill love that too . -peace 
Wanna live the fast life , but your brain moves slow . If your trying to stay high your bound to stay , you want god but you couldn't deflate your ego . Your already there and there's nowhere to go , the cups already full and its bound to overflow . 
The night seems like it might not come to a close just yet 
My chick bad , my chick hood , my chick do stuff that your chick wish she could . HAHA 
So todays weather totally turned the plans of today slap upside down , but whatever ... we got all summer . 
< PROPFIRST > Kelly : \You know there was a time where I'd help you raise this little dumpster baby brother of mine like a son . But that's gone now ' cause you ruined it . You threw your babies away . And you threw your swords away . You threw your golf clubs and your tasty treats ! And ya know what ? I found ' em . And I'm gonna raise all of them \"" 
Shit , goodnight folks ! 
I celebrate the sunrise , I celebrate the sunset . I celebrate every second of every minute of every day . life is good 
is goin for a jog 
I love this . Suns out , birds are chirpin , brews are cold , fiddles in tune and before you know it we'll be at < PROPFEMALE>'s by the pool . Haha ! Soak it up mothafuckas ! 
I got the summer hatin on me cuz Im hotter than the sun , got spring hatin on me cuz I aint ever sprung , winter hatin on me cuz Im colder than ya'll and I will never , I will never , I will never fall . Im bein hated by the seasons so fuck yall who hatin for no reason . HAHAA I love it 
I take her home and do the do , I know the Kamasutra think what i'll do to you 
I do it all night ! 
Her lip stick matches my flag , thats swag 
Im the bomb baby , watch me nuke this shit ! 
Sweet ! After 7 weeks of work outs I can finally count my stomach muscles :D 
... is cooking some hamburgers in Yuengling . Lager . Yes . 
Habersham licked dicked today .... Habersham licks dicks tonight .... Cant believe the best thing goin on right now is sleep .... F*CK ! 
Damn what a day . Weights , bicylces , swimming pools , lawn mowers and lots and lots of food ! Whooo what a day . 
I'm not all bad , but I'm a faithful sinner I might get lost , but I'll be home for dinner . \ 
If God don't like me , he can send me to hell , still I'll love the way you love me , girl . 
the money keep callin I hear this shit diallin and they say money talks you can hear my shit holler’n . WOA 
Party on the beach , P-p-party on the beach/ Party animal , they done let me off the leash/ I got my weed from the west , my pills from the east and two bottles of goose thats geese/ \ 
\ 
2 more days ... 
Headin to FL tomorrow , shizz gone be sweet ! 
Keep your head on the swivel , for everything and the nonsense 
Wow what a weekend . < PROPMALE>'s house fuckin rocked , along with all his friends and the surrounding scenaries . Florida people are a lot cooler than I had heard , not really rude in the least bit . Cant wait to go back down there . 
Anyone heard that \Pussy Nigga\ " freestyle that Lil < PROPMALE > does on The Blue Martian ? RAW ! " 
Caine on my chest , aint no pain and I feel my best HAHAHa 
On a scale 1 to 10 my girl be a 20 , my girl so bad make the boys think Im sinnin 
.... and he moves to his own beat berat-dat-dat-dat , berat-di-dat-di-dat-di-dat-di-dat-dat then splat ! UGH ! 
When your computer is in the shop and all 30 gigs of music are gone .... Pandora is the only way to go 
When you move like a jellyfish , rhythm dont mean nothing . You move with the flow and you dont stop . 
Relief ... Got the computer back along with all my music , I LOVE IT ! 
I hate when other people put they're verses over a < PROPMALE > beat .... you aint doin nothin but makin yourself look worse . Like She-it !!!! 
I was drinking before I came , when I got here I did the same 
Think Im going to attend Full Sail ! 
Just dropped $50 in books on amazon , cant wait for them to get here ! 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > , quite contrary , How does your garden grow ? Hydroponic ultra supersonic or does it grow naturally slow ? 
You can call me slightly stoopid , but I love that sweet < PROPFEMALE > 
what an interesting weekend 
Whatcha gonna do when the rent comes through ? Round up the posse , call up the crew . 5 bucks at the door and you bring your own boose ! Call up your neighbors , cuz they can come too . Dont forget your records cuz I've only got a few . 
The fusion of yin and < PROPFEMALE > at the Center comes in a moment of self-mastery , in love or in < PROPMALE > istic creation ; one may find it in calligraphy , in poetry , dance or all other forms of < PROPMALE > . - Schipper 1982 
Lightin up a mothaf-ckin blunt , stupid fruity swag like a mothaf-ckin runt . I be with my dogs on a mothaf-ckin hunt and every day of the week is the first of the month . 
Turn up the boom box , put on your high tops . C'mon outside , todays gonna be the day we start livin in the new world . 
I'm gonna give myself a shot , I could get myself a pill , I'm gonna go and try to buy a little more time to kill . I need a can opener , cuz I got some beans to spill . 
Party at the place tonight , moms bday party tonight ! We are seriously throwing down ! Bring your own boose . We got Svedka , we got Yeungling , we got Keystone and then we got whatever you bring along ! \Pill poppin animal Syrup sippin n*kka Im so high you couldn't reach me with a f*ckin antenna\ " Its goin down ! " 
Great time last night , damn what a great time ! Hella good party everyone , glad you all came out ! Thanks and again happy birthday mom . 
Too early ... 
To all the pussies in the world ( not talking about ladies ) who can't stand up for their actions . You're shit , you are absolute and total bullshit . You've really hit this one close to home . One day < PROPFEMALE > is going to bite you in the ass and the rest of us will be sittin back laughin . Fuck you . I dont believe in the place , but burn in hell dude . -PEACE 
Over the hills and far away , thats all I can say 
Jammin last night on the electric was great , then today with < PROPFIRST > on violin , great . I love music , life is beautiful ! 
Sublime w/ Rome , Matisyahu , The Dirty Heads ; Friday , cant wait ! 
Last nights show was AMAZING ! Rome is definately filling some BIG SHOES and doing a damn GOOD job ! Great show SUBLIME cant wait to do it again ! Exillerating . 
mmmmm < PROPFEMALE > bock ..... 
Pretty cool , pretty cool . Pretty neat , pretty neat . Alright , I like this . 
I said Im going , going , back , back , all the way to cali , cali , thats where I want to be 
\love is like the open sea and I wish you would set sail with me\ " ~ Ziggy " 
LAZY DAYZ : Days like these , they're a rare occasion , but very well earned when they do come around . * sigh of relief * !!! 4 more days !!! 
A weekday off ? Woa . 
I said the night time is the best time . 
Love is my Religion , I'll take you to the < PROPFEMALE > tonight . All my days I've been searching , to find out what this life is worth . Through the books and bibles of time I have made up my mind . I dont condemn , I dont convert . See this is a calling , have you heard ? Bring all the lovers forth into the fort , because no one here is going to lose their soul . I said HEY , Love is my Religion . 
Long day in the yard , Im hoppin in the shower ! COLD . 
They're back ... well I know she's back ! 
Cookin up some burgers , using my favorite Yeungling recipes . Sweet . 
after a long story with myself my random word of the day : change ..... It's always good . 
Remember when privacy was something everybody wanted ? Not anymore . Internet ruined that one . Now we got blogs and twitter ! ( sarcasm , sarcasm ) 
Im out , Goodnight 
Swagger just dumb , call it < PROPFEMALE > Palin . If you think you're fly then I must be parasailin , we are not the same Im a motha f*ckin alien ! 
I'm more animal than the zoo's allow , so put me in the wild and I'll be there for awhile ! 
The < PROPMALE > IV has been leaked . 
Om 
Peace dude 
When you are not in competition you are unbeatable 
We got speakers for the computer again ... Its good to have my music back , what a relief . 
Better Dayz is a great collection , I love some Shakur . Disc 2 is so chill . 
All Smiles :) 
i rock too fast for love i'm footloose in my velcro shoes 
When you finally think life is sane you realise everyone else gone the opposite . 
Yes to 19 
... I wanna giver her all and never give her up ... 
Have you ever listened to Muck Sticky ? 
love is like an < PROPMALE > and I am the < PROPMALE > ist 
I gotta < PROPMALE > size bed , I dont know any < PROPMALE > s , but I guess if one came over he would be comfortable . 
Anybody says weezy aint the greatest needs to listen to \Watch My Shoes\ " from No Ceilings . Blow ya MIND ! " 
Goodnight day , and goodmorning night . I am in for the dreams . See everyone tomorrow . Peace . 
I am not human , I am just an illusion . Organized confusion , amusing . I am not loosing I am one of the choosing , school of the hard knocks , I am just a student . 
I'm the truth , why would I lie ? I walk around this place like a pilot Im fly ( Im fly) ! Hello and bye bye , I leave ya'll ass in the past like tye dye :) 
... and if you don't believe me , then leave me be ... 
Do unto others , what has been to you 
This has been a great weekend . Absolutely Awe Inspiring . :) 
Get on my level , you cant get on my level , you will need a space shuttle or a ladder thats forever 
0-4 ? 
Your soul is alive , but they want it for ransome 
Got my sensai and my survival story ; That means ... Relax 
You Are Clever Collect All The Keys You Find 
The ground shall break when they bury him . Bury him , I know one day they gotta bury him , better lock my casket tight baby so I dont let the devil in . 
Life is Good 
If you think you're hot , then obviously you've been lied to . We dont die , we multiply and then we come divide you . 
WARNING : For Mature Audience : Life's a bitch , naw , better yet a dumb broad \ 
And I bet I can fuck the world and make it cum hard 
She puts a smile and a half on , leaves me smiling for more :) 
Luda , Jeezy and Weezy just need to make a collaborative album together 
If this world were mine .... 
Is that a smile she puts on my face ? Only a 100 < PROPMALE > wide and she's winning my race . 
I am not a human , shout to all my < PROPFEMALE > men 
They started mixing disco vinyls and formed hip hop , electronics broke through , the stories died and the rhymes found new tides . They gave us something that we like to call rap . Well the times of rap have been tapped , yet again this toddler amungst music history is taking a new form . Listen for it , its happening before our very own ears . I love music . 
I got the beer shits , call me a party pooper :) 
Good show last night , I want to say thanx to everyone that made it out . Wasn't a big crowd , but hell I won 15 dollars ! Hell yea , HE DID THE MONSTER MASH ! 
I'm running this shit , you can call me diarrhea HAHAHA 
Im a party animal , Im eatin up your party you can call me cannibal 
HOly shit Im naked 
Pregamed thursday night , got wasted beyond wasted last night and now Im getting ready for my 2nd halloween party of the weekend . Damn what a busy life I live ... HAHA ! 
Forced into evil , its all in your head . Its all so cerebral call me Knievil . You follow and I'll lead you straight to the needles , the bottles , the battles , the beetles will eat you . 
You can keep knocking but won't knock me down 
I see a lot of status ' that say something good about \life\ " ! I like that . Big change from the negativity that I see a lot of ... :D Life is Good " 
I'm pinned to the party , like the tail to the donkey 
Mr. < PROPMALE > gets released today ... few more hours 
Im gonna make a beat , then Im gonna beat you with it 
All this bullshit makes me stronger 
Time to let go and release , Lyrics on my mind , let em out , Im at peace 
Fame and Fortune is one thing , but Success and Respect is to die for . 
Everybody do their thing like a robot ... 
Blossum when I spring , peak when Im summer , then fall to my feet and sleep in my winter sheets HAHA ! 
Its nutmegnificent ;) 
God is an American 
I've been bustin ass since I was a young cat , < PROPFIRST > Bowie sold the planet so I guess I've got to buy it back 
Im energized like the < PROPFEMALE > , call me Bugsy Im in toon . Gettin looney call me goonie , got that treasure and it moves me . What you think about my movie ? 
Went up to Truett McConnell today for my 2nd interview . I'll know more about the extent of my transfer by January 3rd . This is excitement in the making ! Sorry Piedmont , it's been good . 
Write my name on the face of today so they remember me tomorrow 
HOly crap . I went to sleep around 9:30 last night and just woke up ... thats 14 1/2 hours of sleep , WOA . 
Now if you didn't help me make it , dont tell me how to spend it 
Talkin to myself cuz I am my own consultant 
Women's Soccer ... Like 
WHY AM I EVEN ON THIS SHIT ! 
Don't buy the fear don't buy that my dear , the things you love you must keep near and < PROPFEMALE > on and you won't feel withdrawn even if you're coming down 
I haven't slept for 10 days , cause thats too long 
I don't want to follow my dreams , I just want to ask em where they're going and hook up with em later 
Four , A foe you are , Four 
A foe you are , A F O E U R , A foe you are 
Im waiting for nothing to wait on 
Quannum Projects , dream label 
Who's that governor that was like a biker or something , looks like a biker , who is that ? What state ? 
When the sun goes down the shadows overtake me 
Im built like a porcupine , untouchable 
I got it ! 3 more days of work at Piedmont and then I'm off to new horizons . 
Remember to always be true , no matter what you do 
\Why is the world ugly when you made it in your image ? \ " ~ Tariq \ " Black Thought\ " Trotter " 
To everyone at Piedmont : Though this was only my first day at Truett McConnell , they will never compare to you . I love you guys ! Keep it real and good luck on your journeys . And dont you ever forget the name < PROPMALE > ... Only the coolest lunch lady you wish you had ! 
They said he's busy hold the line please/ Call me crazy but I figured he could mind read/ Who does the blind lead ? Show me a sign please/ If everything is made in < PROPFEMALE > , are we chinese ? / And why the haters separate us like we siamese/ Technology turning the planet into zombies/\ 
-The Roots 
100% Dundee 
I write this verse for equal rights\ 
and I fight for the right to ride at night\ 
and we've lost our minds yea we're far from tight\ 
So if you're with me please hollar\ 
\We Will Fight ! \"" 
Life's a bitch and death is her sister 
And with this gift god gave to me I will escape this poverty , and to all those who made of fun of me its time for you to honor me 
Is this joy , something so simple but something so strong ? Thats nice , I think we can kick it for however long you'd like . 
Maybe we can plant a seed , call it love and grow a tree 
Woa , a day off . 
So you'd think Strawberry poptarts and Chocolate pudding would be like chocolate covers strawberries ... but actually it taste like 2 chemicals that dont belong . 
Im livin in a dream so if I want it then I plant it , Cocky is routine and confidence is like a habit 
Woke up with an 8 track recorder in my face , pretty cool huh ? 
What to do with the time :) 
\I've drifted through the people and all their scenaries 
Steppin off mars , I put my foot into your planet/ Time to < PROPMALE > the world , like the Mayans I have planned it/ 
Time keeps changing and Im just spending the time , I'm gonna cash my minutes in and maybe win me a prize . Time is not a clock and more silent than mimes , time is what you make it so Im making it mine . 
Tha < PROPMALE > IV Official Release Date : May 16th . Yes , Im psyched . Cuz you know C4 gonna be like bomb . 
Sittin on my rocker , I rock with father tom/\ 
Time is in my pocket , you know we get along/\ 
Calm is what Im into , I get it from my mom/\ 
Sublime as I will ever be , so Im writing it in psalm/ 
Thank you to everyone who was able to tune in tonight , and Thanks to all of my fellow performers , great show you guys ! Guess my next project will be graduation . 
If someone says I cant do it , then I'm doin it . If they're doin it , then I've done it . If it hasn't been done , f**k it , I'll do it and thats all there is to it . 
A day without shoes , April 5th , today . Im partaking , are you ? 
