Hanging out with < PROPFIRST > Boy at Republic Library . You know that I hate computers and how they update , since mine is never online I always have to go through so many things that take SO long and it is really agrivating especially whenever I'm with < PROPFIRST > because 

Hanging in Barnes and < PROPMALE > ... 
< PROPFIRST > is sooooo annoying !!! 
Just sitting at home packing up stuff for the move friday . 
Kinda don't know what all to pack ... 
A little nerves about tomorrow , don't really know what to expect ... But my roomies have been great . Been hanging out with them so much :) i think it is the beginning of a beautiful relationship :) 
I am doing great here !!! I love my roomies !!! They are the best i could hope for !!! Tuesdays are crazy for me schedule wise . I am so worn out .... 4 classes today and a managers meeting can do that to you + homework .... 
Is waiting for biology and after to the Cardinal's Game w/ the Roomies !!!! Rain and cold aren't to bad ... it looks like it's clearing up !!! :) 
I miss my physics class from high school . All these classes are boring ... Physics actually held my interest ... 
Natilie is hallarious .... 
Having a great time hanging out with my room mates !!! 
I think i am going to Barns and < PROPMALE > tommorow !!! SO excited !!! And maybe bass pro ??? 
Feeling sick today ... Light headed , going from hot to cold flashes , and stomach turning , but no fever yet ... and i still get to go to work today ... Yah !!! 
Feeling sick today ... Light headed , going from hot to cold flashes , and stomach turning , but no fever yet ... and i still get to go to work today ... Yah !!! Oh yes and the ever annoying cough and dry throat ... gotta love that ! 
Just got back from hanging out with Arwen and < PROPFIRST > ... It was fun . They probably think i am odd but thats okay . I had to resist the urge of tying < PROPFIRST>'s laces to the table and putting tooth paste up his nose when he fell asleep ... oh well i sure i'll get another chance :) 
Well today feel relaxed , but that usually means i should be doing something ... 
Just got back from playing hide and go seek with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > !!! It was awesome !!! Best night yet !!! 
Dreading my bio lab ... not as fun as i originally thought it would be ... i think its the instructor .... 
Had a great eventful weekend !!! 
Took Sociology test and is pretty confident about it :) 
Feels relieved :) 
NEW PHONE TODAY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! FINALLY !!!!!!!!!!!! 
Off to the library to do some research ... 
Just got back from an awesome night of Nerf Gun wars !!!!! 
Speech is canceled . There is a God ...... 
Off to a friends house . 
A little drowsy because of the rain but it's nice all the same . 
Trig canceled . can a girl get any luckier ? 
Down to the basement to do some laundry . 
Changed my mind food then laundry 
Hum ... procrastinating as usual . 
watchin The City with < PROPFIRST > and just hanging out . 
Just heard OWL CITY and loved it !!! 
Ah ... the good old < PROPFEMALE > Girls ... 
Feels really tired but is holding out i think . 
Studying for the bio test ... 
Knows how it feels to be a wet cat ! 
Feeling under the weather . Been soaked to the bone twice today . but had fun jumping in puddles until my lips turned blue . 
Feels terrible about < PROPFIRST > ... its just not fair ... it shouldn't be like this . 
Another gloomy day ... 
Just got back from work . Asked to < PROPFEMALE > out with some one and got blown off . sleep ... who sleeps on a friday night ... what's the world coming to ? 
Is sick with a cold and an ear infection . 
just got back from the doctors with a lovely ear infection . 
Gainer is < PROPFEMALE > and we have a coat of arms its really cool ! 
says hi . 
is wanting some chocolate ! 
feels relieved doesn't have to give her speech until next monday !!! 
is getting excited about the haunted corn maze going to be aaaaaamazing !!!!! 
is sad that the fall break is over , but enjoyed it while it lasted . 
oh boy ... 
Being 19 isn't all that different ... and i am happy about it . 
I haven't felt this popular in like ..... a year :) 
Things are slowing down . 
had a great day today . 
Update : Saturday went swimming in a creek !!! yes i went swimming and no i am not psychotic . I was supposed to be a fish . Sunday : worked :( Tonight : went and saw paranormal activity !!!!! It was pretty cool ... the way it was filmed was weird , it was worth it . :) 
Is bummed out . I have to work on halloween !!!! 
is going to be ZOMBIE !!!!!! 
Had a good time < PROPFEMALE > wrapping < PROPFEMALE>'s car tonight !!!! :) 
is taking up an old hobby rather seriously . 
Just hanging in my room , working on my study guides . Kinda bored ... 
Looking forward to a great night ahead !!!! 
Is working on some stuff i didn't get done over the weekend .... 
guess what ? I have strep . And i wish i was dead ... 
Isn't feeling the greatest ... but really really REALLY wants to go to the Chevelle concert ... ah ... choices are so hard ... they only come once and i am feeling better than i was but i am still worn down ... 
is not going to the Chevelle concert , but instead taking a two hour drive ( voleentered ) with Room mate < PROPFIRST > to Rolla to drop suitemate < PROPFEMALE > off with her mom . < PROPFEMALE > is really sick and needs to go home so ... < PROPFIRST > and I are going to drive the extra < PROPMALE > to get < PROPFEMALE > home . 
Is finally back from Rolla ... God it toke FOREVER !!!!!!! 
Going to go fix my computer !!!! Dropping my baby off with some strangers to be doctored . Goind to get some more RAM and a graphics card !!!! Yah !!!! 
Just found out that she is in LOVE with SKILLET !!! 
Is slightly irritated that my computer is still being worked on ... i feel so cut off ... 
Computer still out of commission ... stopping in every now and then to check messages . 
Computer is almost back ... only one more day ... 
FINALLY GOT HER COMPUTER BACK !!!!!! 
Is off to work ... ( sigh ) 
Is relaxed beyond belief ... 
Is ready for Thanksgiving . 
Just got back from a big thanksgiving day ! 
Really really wants to go see The Blind Side tonight and i am going to go . Anybody can come with me . I am going regardless . 
Don't make me do anymore trig ... i have had enough ... please don't make me do it anymore ... i'll do anything !!!! 
This next week is going to be loads of fun !!!! studying ... studying ... and more studying !!!! 
My room mate is a weirdo ... she is barking at her dog over the phone ... yikes ... 
just got done with a long day of papers , tests , and finals ... and really wants to relax , but is reminded by the finals and countless other things scattered along the calendar next week that relaxing isn't a possibility ... 
Fire drill !!! Right when i was taking a shower !!! Are you fing kidding me ? this isn't happening ... 
I feel so burnt out from studying ... i can't seem to stay awake . I keep falling asleep everytime i study for more than 5 < PROPFEMALE > . 
Serenity take me now i am done with everything ... ahhhh ... so nice ... 
Feeling claustrophobic being here in the dorm all day ... 
You never know how much your going to miss someone till your gone ... 
Loves THE VEER UNION !!!!!!!!!! 
Can't beat blueberry pop-tarts and comic books :) 
black and white 
is having a good time pretending not to be insane :) 
hum ... what do i want to do in the middle of the night ? oh i know !! look for < PROPFEMALE>'s black tye that fell in the parking lot while we were taking out boxes and trying to stuff them in a space that won't fit ... fun fun right ? 
Friday night was the greatest night of MY LIFE !!!! 
I am looking forward to thursday when i meet up with my mafia :) 
Maybe i'm missing something , but wasn't snowing just a couple days ago ? when did summer show up ? 
is glad the weekend is here :) 
went to bed at 7 last night ... that's a first . 
Dear Snow and Frost , get your nimbus a moving !!! Yours Truely , Linz 
YUM !!! Gotta love those late night vanilla milkshakes ... 
i love my roomy she brought me MOUNTAIN DEW !!!! 
feeling super energized !!! 
Has had one of the crappiest < PROPFIRST>'s day ever !!!! But some how i am still cracking up about it at the end of the day ... :) 
MAFIA MEETING WAS A HIT WITH THE VODKA NOODLE SAUCE !!!! 
:) 
Bring on the Rain ... 
\would it kill you to try ? \ " \ " Yes ... and I am to young to die . \"" 
\ ... if you're lost -- you can look -- and you will find me -- time after time ... ... if you fall -- I will catch you--I'll be waiting -- time after time ... \"" 
orange stars :) 
is feeling energized like the pepto-pink < PROPFEMALE > !!!!! 
Yeah had a great night ! Nakatos , < PROPMALE>'s , and a midnight tour de South Springfield . 
Jamin ' to shania with < PROPFEMALE > ... oh man it was great :) 
This morning came too soon ... 
Oh boy here we go ... 
you can't have your cake and eat it too . 
I like it when it's so quiet you can hear your own heart beating ... 
... There's a light at each end of this tunnel , You shout ' cause you're just as far in as you'll ever be out And these mistakes you've made , you'll just make them again If you only try turning around ... 
Starting off a great day yet again ! 
:P 
Who watches Blade at 8am in the morning before they go to chemisty ? honestly ... 
is a little sad that the < PROPFEMALE > day is coming to a close ... 
had an awesome time in St. < PROPFIRST > ! Can't wait to find another reason to go back :) 
Is starting to realize just how hard time management can be ... 
gotta love watchin < PROPFEMALE > Cheeks dancing to ABBA in Sonic Drive-Thru at 1 am .... :) 
< PROPFEMALE > !!!! 
Things are going great !!! :) 
is rummaging through her frig for a midnight snack ... spots a LOW FAT cottage cheese container says , \low fat ? what the hell is that doing in there ? \ " Then a holy light shines down through the five stories of hammons in to the container revealing the most delicious chocolate cover strawberries she's ever seen ... ( yummy ) " 
thinks that she feels more energized after she works out and is wondering if that's bad or not ??? 
Is excited about going to st. < PROPFIRST > Friday ! 
RED TEAM GO RED TEAM GO !!!! Hey < PROPFEMALE > ... they only have sprite in bottles is that cool ? Great ! luv ya , Bye ... 
HIPPO !!!!!!! I saw a HIPPO !!! It's name is Hippy ! My new best friend is a pyton named < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
Internet is finally Back !!! 
Getting ready for a busy weekend . 
is already tired of being sick ... 
just got moved in to Wells House ... Didn't take as \ 
long as i thought . :) Go less packing stuff i don't need ! lesson learned \ 
from last year ! 
Oh Abnormal Psychology , how we were meant to be ...... 
is thankful for poka-dotted rubber boots ! And for puddles to jump in ! :) 
\Who cares if you disagree ? You not me ! Who made you < PROPMALE > of anything ? So you dare tell me who to be ? Who died and made you < PROPMALE > of anything ? \"" 
Just finished the longest Abn . Psyc . test ever and feels complete relief ... 
was smashed between two car Saturday night and rushed to the ER . 
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes !!! 
Is really wanting to buy a NOOK !!!!! 
There is no greater satisfaction than giving your boyfriend a PIE in face !!!! Oh wait , there is , giving him 2 PIES in the face !!!! Wahahahahaha 
Saw this new preview for this movie called Sucker Punch ... I'm kinda interested . 
< PROPFIRST > Castle ! 
Praying for a snow day !!! 
Not going to my 9:30 class this morning . feeling some nausea . but i am going to get some of my homework done , so I am not so bad , am I ? 
Just went through the Tunnel of Oppression : Pretty intense , a real I opener . 
CHERRY :) 
