Finally , I have a facebook . 

I can hear Club La Vela music from my living room . 
I was flying through that History Quiz today , hope I can do that on my essay . 
Oh my gosh another Maximum Ride book ! ( I'll be even more excited though if they drop the global warming theme ) 
I walked more than half way from school to the bridge and I liked it . =) 
Downloading music . My MP3 Rocket's working again . 
I feel AWESOME . I did my math homework without my teacher telling me how to do it ! 
So sad , the Air Force Academy doesn't appear to have criminal justice or psychology majors . 
So I got on the wrong bus(technically the right bus but it had a different route ) and the closest it got to my house was the opposite end of my street(which is probably a 20min walk ) . I had no problem with walking , but i lucked out and my friend's mom from a street down drove by and gave me a lift . Thank you < PROPFIRST > & < PROPFIRST>'s mom ! 
Whoa , I didn't know you could have negative farmville bucks . How do I get farmville bucks fast without buying them ? 
We got two bunnies for Easter ! They're the cutest softest things ever ! Oh , and go see How to Train Your Dragon , it was great . 
I GOT MY DRIVER'S LICENCE !!!! XD 
There should be a cute cashier at the end of every long line in WalMart . =) It helps you get over how annoying the wait was . 
i want to go to the beach .. anyone wanna meet me there ? 
My little brother has been on my profile all day playing Mafia Wars . 
Still don't have a date for the prom =( 
Well my schedule just freed up significantly . 
@ my grandparents farm . They have Baby bunnies ! 
I beat my brother at Egyptian war ! Which by the way never happens . I slowed his reaction time by turning on the tv . 
I know I'll do better on this math quiz . This time I have some idea as to what's going on . 
This band trip is going to be the best ever ! I wanna scream I'm so excited ! 
I know I need to get started on my Economics Project , it just doesn't feel urgent yet . 
Wish me luck , guys . SAT tomorrow . 
Parents just got a new obstical course : pirate themed ! So much fun . 
I got so lucky ; I was late for the SAT but they let me in . 
My brothers take Wii tennis too seriously . 
Uploading photos takes forever . 
Finished chapter 6 assignment . By the way , any guys looking for a date to prom ? 
New comic book ! It's just a shame how short an issue is . Also while I was there , I got their new Hero Click Nightcrawler , my favorite X-men ! 
I'm watching Final Destination 3 . I had to leave the room during the tanning bed .. 
I'm The March Hare in the < PROPFEMALE > and WonderLand skit tomorrow ! 
I think I had a mini heart-attack . I just got asked to < PROPMALE>'s prom . 
Going to < PROPMALE>'s prom . So glad it's a double date . 
Great weather today , feels like Fall . Anyone know about parade of homes today ? 
Good luck on the AICE & AP tests , I know I'll need it . 
Wanted : group of friends to join with for prom . 
Has anyone ever seen a picture of Arcade , the assassin from X-Men ? It's a shame he's insane , his smile is adorable . 
5-Hour Energy is amazing ! 
A little worried now . Can't find my cellphone . Which means I can't find my alarm clock or calender . 
Phew ! Worst of AICE exams are over . Now I just have to get caught back up in math and Economics . 
I HATE this heat ! 
My mom sprained her ankle . 
Time is a funny thing , isn't it ? 
It is too freaking HOT ! I need air conditioning . 
I haven't seen lightening in forever . 
I've finnished all my math homework , now I just need to score decent on the exam . yikes . 
Feeling numb anxiety . I didn't finnish my Thinking Skills or Statistics exams . 
I was up all night at < PROPMALE>'s Project Graduation . Bay students dance so much better . 
I was reading It by < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > out loud in the car and I scared < PROPMALE > . 
Got a big fun day planned =) 
And once again the plans fall through . 
I think I'm going to the beach tomorrow with family , unless the oil hits early . How close is it now ? 
was tired of other people messing up my plans so I went to Dipp'n Dotts myself . 
Finally ! Mom said she wants to go to the beach . 
Went to the French Quarter yesterday ... by MYSELF ! So much fun , so many cool masks . Oh , forgot to take a picture of the unicorn mask . Ask about it . 
My father loved the card I got him =D . I didn't know there was a Dad of Teen Daughter section . 
The Horror ! My brother is getting in trouble at Church camp ! 
How many of us really know everybody on our FB friend list ? Here's a task for you ... I want all my FB friends to post how you met me . After your comment , copy this to your status . You'll be amazed at the responsesyou get ... Will be ... interesting to see ... who comments 
Everyone ! Check out comedian MYQ Kaplan , he just went on last comic standing and is up there with < PROPMALE > Cook ! 
My cat is inspirational . Starting a new story tonight . 
Grrr . Someone ate my fudge ! 
When will this weather let up ? 
Lots of hot sweaty work today . 
How long is it supposed to take to download a lousy computer game ?! 
Nights like this are why I can't wait to get out of town . 
Been having awful nightmares the past three nights . The last one was like Final Destination for band kids . 
Really hopes plans don't fall through tommorrow . 
Pirate hat today , Bay High beret tomorrow . 
Plans fell through . I swear ! I type that more than i type \made plans . \"" 
I'm back in town . Did you know dolphins are in the < PROPFEMALE > River ? There are loads of them . 
Loosing a phone charger is a scary thing . Anyone know how to charge a phone without a charger or batteries ? 
Anyone else horrified and ecstatic for senior year ? 
What are we supposed to use this \Notes\ " thing for on our profile ? " 
You know what ? Screw Farmville . >=P 
Ta-da ! Finnished the < PROPFEMALE > Eyre work ! 
Who knows a thing or two about computer animation ? It's the weirdest thing , but I feverish < PROPFEMALE > to know more about it . 
I just figured out how to make cool eyes and clothes on Sims 2 ! 
What time is the icecream social ? 
Waiting for friends to show up . 
AHH ! What kind of timeline goes from 4000 BC to 30 BC ? Help ! What do tiers look like ? 
I'm going to be a bride's maid for my aunt ! =D 
I just got my dress , It's so cool ! It's the kind that you can twist into different styles so I can wear it for anything . 
Hope I did this project right ; did we get a rubric ? Oh , and now I like unicorns because unicorns would like me =) 
I just saved Bedtime Care Bear . Almost every seam on him was busted , but I fixed him =) 
Owls are now my favorite animal , right up there with buffalo . 
Best of luck to my neighbors . They're moving in the morning and they left me a nice bike ! It has signs of age , but it's perfect for college campuses . 
I want everything to just freeze for a few hours . 
I'm working on the Aeneas project , and then I'm going to work in applications . 
Oi , essays . I'd have a lot more done without them . 
My uncle is in town ! =D 
Just ran across a strange website about a book comming out soon . If any one ever read May Bird , you might want to look this up . -The haunted Ghost Orphans of Ravensbreath Castle . Warning : the pictures are creepy . 
I saw Bridge to Terrabithia last night . Who else cried watching that movie ? 
Off to play Racket ball . Never played before , so this should be fun . 
I have no idea how to analyze my poem . 
How long did we have to learn about < PROPMALE > architecture ? It feels like it was less than a weeks worth . 
Good luck on AICE exams tomorrow , everyone . 
What idiot said that senior year was easy ? 
MegaMind is inspiring and touching . I never watch movies over and over again , but I'd make an exception for this one ! 
Essays make me sleepy -.- zzz 
Been doing math for three hours ! I need a break . 
What a wonderful weekend this will be ! 
Do guys shampoo and condition beards ? 
I'VE BEEN ADMITTED TO UNIVERSITY OF WEST FLORIDA !!! XD 
Eating dinner then off to IMPROVments ! 
My computer won't let me on the band website ! It says something about an API password . 
My brothers are watching The Lovely Bones . Worst . Movie . EVER . 
That band trip has my sleeping pattern all out of wack . 
Back to school , can't wait for christmas break . 
My brother had a 102 on the exam and a D in the class . Anybody else see a problem with that ? 
I just sent my application to < PROPMALE > . They are offering me a HUGE scholarship ! I wonder why .. 
So what time is Coffee House and how much will it cost ? 
I'm watching the Sing-Off . Go Whiffenpoofs ! 
Homework done , so tomorrow I can do lots of family stuff =) 
Going to visit Great Grandma at the nursing home soon . 
I just finnished the 13th episode of Helsing . He is so awesome ! 
That shakespeare-pig-piggybank is totally on my christmas list ! 
< PROPFIRST > your calender ! Pirates of the Caribbean : On Stranger Tides , May 20th ! 
I have sculpted the greatest Suhada Bhatt christmas ornament EVER . 
Downloaded Singing in the rain/Umbrella from Glee . That was such an awesome performance . 
I won a case of make-up from Dirty < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Watching the Hunchback of Notre Dame . 
Wouldn't it be amazing to work at Disney ? 
Just accepted to < PROPMALE > ! I'll need a big Pell < PROPMALE > to afford it though . 
Craziest thing just happened . I expanded my singing range . 
Got home last night . Just saw Cloudy With a < PROPMALE > of Meatballs . Are scrunchi's really that nerdy ? 
My parents have UF bounce house now , so when we start getting accepted have a party and call me ! 
I'm looking at pictures of Pacific Northwest Tree Octopus to decide if they're real and it's blowing my mind . I can't wrap my mind around it ! It sounds so si-fi ! 
The secret to a good weekend is for the fun to start immediatly after leaving campus . 
I watched Pet Sematery . I cried when Gage died . 
I got an 80 on the ASFAB ! That means I can do anything I want ! 
So who all is going to grad bash ? I need to find roommates . 
Aw , thanks everyone ! 
Anyone else going to the soccer game ? 
I'm accepted to UF !!! 
Went skating last night . Had the best time ever ! 
My heart doth beat for a voice and being as is like a < PROPFEMALE > , nay Sun , for I have always been in thine pressence , and like me a morning thou's pressence has just dawned on . -- \ 
My Renaissance Faire Status . 
Did ANYONE else make a Ren . status ? 
I'll be working at Applebee's on the beach soon =) 
Full day tomorrow ! Hopefully I'll feel better in the morning . 
I think everything I planned just got tossed out the window . I have orientation for my new job tomorrow . I'm going to miss the Mardi Gras parade and D&D will be cut too short to get anything done . 
Going to mardi gras after all ! 
My day was eventful after all . 
First day on the job . Come eat at AppleBee's on the beach ! 
' Morning seniors , did you sleep well ? 
I'm giving up this tetris app for lent . 
After Monday and Tuesday , even the calender says WTF . -- Steven < PROPFIRST > 
If I'm a good friend , like this status . \ 
If you love me , comment . \ 
If you hate me , inbox me why . \ 
If you have ever had a crush ( or still do ) on me , poke me . \ 
If you're not scared , set this as your status & , see what you turn out with .? 
Hey , I know everyone is going to the beach tomorrow , so come visit me at Applebees for dinner =D 
Delivering pizza is the best teen job ever . 
I'm accepted to FSU and UF . 
I met < PROPFIRST > Bowen's female equivalent and her name is < PROPFEMALE > Myska . 
Found a prom dress , finally . 
< PROPFEMALE>'s Mom : < PROPFEMALE > needs a date for prom . All male friends or nice boys please apply . 
I had my first dinner in two weeks . Salmon burgers with brocolli and cheese yum( = 
Went to Pier Park with the family . Got new shoes for prom and saw Red Riding Hood . 
Came home with a smile on my face . Reason ? I walked in at 7:45 and not 10:45 . 
We have AIR CONDITIONING ! 
Finally went to the beach =) 
60 degrees next week ? I thought it was summer time ! 
