Praise Is What I do ... Thank you Jesus !!!.. Lord I am grateful for everything every success , trial and tribulation . I worship you and praise you for the rest of my days . 

I think many people have alter egos . The alter ego allows an individual to take on a different persona and protect themselves for various reasons . Beyonce - < PROPFEMALE > Fierce , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > - Strawberry , T.I. - T.I.P Do you have an alter ego ? 
about to watch Hawthorne and Real Housewive of NJ on DVR . 
Happy Fathers Day to all the Fathers on FB . Enjoy your weekend . and .... Happy Fathers Day to all my FB friends who have to be a mother and father .. God Bless all of you . 
Some of the greater things in life are unseen thats why you close your eyes when you kiss , cry , or dream ... 
Happy Fathers Day . So today I want to salute the men who are the providers and supporters of their children . I would also like to encourage those who are not doing so to start today . Children regardless of debate need their father and mother . Your greate 
Find a guy who calls you beautiful instead of hot , who will lie under the stars and listen to your heartbeat , or will stay awake just to watch you sleep ... wait for the boy who kisses your forehead , who thinks you ' re just as pretty without makeup on . One 
Management is doing things right ; leadership is doing the right things . < PROPFIRST > F . Drucker 
“I seldom end up where I wanted to go , but almost always end up where I need to be . ” < PROPMALE > Adams 
“A person often meets his < PROPFEMALE > on the road he took to avoid it . ” < PROPFIRST > de La Fontaine 
Sometimes we live our lives like puzzle pieces turned upside . Then along comes life , and it starts flipping them over , showing us and the world who we are . ( ManifestYourPotential.com ) .. When life moves your puzzle pieces who are you ???. Do you retreat or do 
It is in your moments of decision that your < PROPFEMALE > shaped - < PROPFIRST > Rokers ... Be mindful of the choices you make everyday ! 
I just received a call that a close family friend has passed away . God constantly reminds me how delicate life is . We all suffer lost , we must learn to love and appreciate friends and family today , so when our friends and loved ones transition we can rej 
\Silence is a source of great strength . \ " — Lao Tzu " 
TGIF ... everyone enjoy the weekend !!!!!!!.... 
is praying through this Business Law class ... stayed up thinking about torts , regulatory risk and contract law ..... a lot of reading and case study ... taking a break .... then back on the grind !!!!... One more year then graduation !!!!! 
My God will give you peace . When you are in despair . He will keep you in perfect peace . Keep your mind stayed on thee ... seek peace .. In your mind and soul ... Be blessed ... Be encouraged !!! 
Looking forward to my trip to the Jersey Shore the end of July !!!!.... trying to tone up ..... losing 30lbs wasn't hard ... time to turn up the workout !!!. Ya'll know how it is ! 
Going to play basketball this afternoon with my son ... You can laugh !!!... Maybe I still have some skills .. LOL ... I can't believe he is trash talkin ' ... Momma gonna have to show him .. He's good ... but Mom can play still ... I think ... I am gonna have to remember m 
Challenges and test arise .. but I continue to press on because I am his child . Knowing in him I trust and he will keep me in perfect peace .... Sometimes God has to take us to a cutting place ....... so he can get OUT of us what he put INTO us . He has to purge 
FB friends Please keep a friend ( Ms. V ) in prayer she told me she tried to take her life ... She consumed sleeping pills and alcohol .... hoping to not wake up ... God has been putting me in places I least expect ... She is so confused she didn't want prayer but 
A beautiful day in North Carolina ... Have a great day FB !!!!. Until next time ..... 
Getting ready to read more about contracts and risk for class .... Listening to President Obama in Italy ( G8 Summit ) , reading different legislation ( on white house website ) .... My friends and fam know ... I am a nerd ... and what ???!!!.... It's sexy to be intell 
The Valley Swim Club - Philly ... What is going on ???!!!.. They should be ashamed .. CNN has put it on blast :) 
To FB friends and Fam ... If you need something to watch at the movies with the kids this weekend . I enjoyed Ice Age 3 last night with the family . Pretty funny ! 
R . I . P Uncle Calvin ... I Love you Aunt Ginger !... Every step is ordered !!! 
This morning I am thanking God for my family and friends who love me . I am grateful for the many attributes each of them possess , somehow making my life balanced . I am grateful for them always willing to express the truth even when I may not like it , but 
Thanks FB friends and fam for praying for Ms. V . She shared with me today that she has been praying , reading the word of God and reading the Purpose Driven Life . God is always available if we just call on him and receive him . We must learn to trust him t 
I had to tell that sleuth foot devil to raise up off my situation . He has no idea who my Daddy is .. Dad said he got me covered with his grace , mercy , peace and joy . He told me this is his battle and to trust him .. God is faithful .. I am claiming victory over 
Just received the news of my great Aunt < PROPFEMALE > passing in VA . To all the < PROPFIRST > , Stokes , Simms and Lancaster families in Philly , MD , and VA God is with us and we will celebrate her life . be encouraged fam !!. 
Lord , Your grace is all I see . Reminding me how good you have been to me . I love you more each day Lord . Cover me father , I'm not perfect . I give you all of me for your will and purpose .... GM FB off to the Jersey Shore to Morey's Piers .... Be blessed Be e 
watching CNN ... President Obama here in Raleigh ... Health care Town Hall meeting .... 
Like shaping a beautiful piece of glass .. God is shaping my life , he is taking me through the fire stretching me , molding and shaping me for his purpose and will ... So this morning I thank God for his love . I thank him for being a God who renews and restor 
GM FB I speak life , blessings of peace and joy . Remember his delay is not a denial , but a test of your faith . Speak boldly over yourself , your family and your situation . He's in control . I speak it therefore I believe , I trust him , I claim it . I know that 
Your Grace is all I see . reminding me how good you have been to me . Guide me with you grace father . Cover me father .. I am not perfect . I lay down my will and every selfish < PROPFEMALE > . I praise you this morning father for your perfect peace . I give you all of 
FB friends ... Do not live life with emotional barriers in your friendships and relationships ... be open and honest ... Allow yourself to experience true peace , joy and happiness . Allow yourself to be loved , needed and wanted .... Life is too short not to love 
is happy it is Friday .... Enjoy the weekend FB !!! 
Prayer changes things .... Gods love is so amazing and I am grateful !!!! 
He is preparing me for everything that comes in my life .... 
God is molding me . For him to do this he has to stretch and bend me , this is never comfortable . Growth requires challenges , test and pain . I take comfort being in the Masters hands . He is designing me for his will , purpose and promises . I wait on him always trusting him . Every step is ordered on this walk of faith . Even in the process I am blessed and encouraged for he covers me with grace and mercy . God Bless You All ! 
What I tell the kids before the first day ... which follows by we know Mom . pray , dream big .. big dreams hard work , set clear goals , accept the challenge , walk by faith , for every NO there is a YES , give to others , a life of service is important , Raise the bar , no comfort in growth , work hard , be kind to everyone , you are destined for greatness .. I know their listening when I talk because they make fun of me everytime :) 
Delivery is everything :) 
My strength definitely rest in my faith . I take nothing for granted and most importantly I value my family and friends . I continue to be blessed not because of me but because of God alone and the prayers of those who intercede on my behalf . I embrace this season in my life without reservation or hesitation . This season is shaping and molding me for his purpose ... my destiny . I walk by faith . Have a safe weekend FB :) 
Follow your dreams . If you dream big you must be prepared for the hard work . The plan you have must be realistic and clear . Create a support system that will not be a \yes\ " corner but tell you the \ " truth\ " at all cost . Potential is honored with support .... Now what have you been longing to do and thought it was too late ???.. GO GET IT !!!!! DREAM BIG ... BIG DREAM HARD WORK ... Be Encouraged !!! " 
Dedication + Determination = Destiny ... Appreciate and understand your journey ... Now walk with confidence and GO GET IT !!!!.. Be encouraged enjoy the Friday FB ! 
Looking forward to this week . Everyday is a day of Thanksgiving ... I am Thankful for my family and friends who love me . Thankful for Gods abundant and amazing love for me . I'm sure my family is thankful that I love to cook and bake especially during the holidays . We laugh , talk , debate and watch the game , creating more memories of our love for each other . Be thankful :-) 
Downtairs doin ' his thang . Throwin down the beats and dude doing the hook is fierce . Nice sound .... he can do this . I feel it and God knows he believes .... do the dang thang Ryan .... your on your way . His passion !!!!!! :-) 
Just happy ....!!!!. Thanks to American Idol .... Laughing so hard my face hurts :-) 
IT'S CELEBRITY LOOK ALIKE WEEK !! Change your profile pic to a celebrity that people tell you that you look like . Let's see if we can all still recognize each other ! Re-post this on your status if you wants \others\ " to participate .... ( people tell me I look like her .. I don\ " t see it besides the long face :-) . Who do you look like ? " 
Hey FB parents .... LOTS OF SNOW ... Please be advised you must be calm today . Be prepared for the following responses Why ???, It's boring , and That's not fair !. Respond with Clean your room , Read a book or better yet shovel the snow !... Today will be a FB support group for parents ... lol :) . 
TRUST .. God's promises are true . I sit back and < PROPFEMALE > at the mountains God can and will move when we have the faith the size of mustard seed . Imagine what he can do if we put ALL of our trust in him . :-) 
HAPPY VALENTINE'S DAY TO ALL !!! 
Keep my eyes open ... just can't do it with pics >>> running from the camera for now on !.. lol 
This is a personal post .... but on my mind . I pray someone else will be encouraged to keep trusting God with our families . \ I am keeping my children covered with God\ " s love . The enemy will not win . As a mother and woman of faith I give the situation to God . The enemy has no reign here . As for me in my house we will serve the lord ... trusting you father . I am speaking victory\ " . Be encouraged " 
Enjoyed a muh needed workout >>> Time to start running !.. VACATION is soon approaching ! 
THANK YOU Father for another day !. Lord , I praise you for the many blessings and for this season of my life . You are in full control of my life and your plan is perfect . So grateful and blessed !... Be encouraged FB 
On this day our Christ arose with all power in his hand . Praise be to God for his son who sacrificed his life and fulfilled his promise .... to come again . The Holy One we worship him in spirit and in truth . Praise Him ! 
McNabb to the Redskins ???. Say it ain't so .. same Division ???!!!... and watch the Skins become division champs . 
Go Blue Devils ... Let's do it ! 
Congrats to the Duke Blue Devils :-) 
When God takes away , he has a reason . Like beautiful furniture God has to sand the rough edges away . BUT after my father is done he uses a beautiful stain to cover you with grace and mercy . Be blessed ... Praise your way through your situation . I rejoice today for he has made me glad . 
Daddy knows best :-) ... I trust him with EVERYTHING !. 
Amazing what God can do when you TRUST him ! 
Scout camping :-) .. so proud of these young men . Headed to volunteer than a relaxing evening at Lou&Choos and off to baby sis Birthday Dinner :-) 
HIS plan is perfect !!! 
Just fine :-) 
Thanks to my brothers for their Derby experience .. love you guys . Way to go Pack #358 ... District Derby :-) Go ManMan and Jordan :-) 
I Praise God this morning for EVERYTHING . My faith is stronger because of this season of my life . I do not know what tomorrow brings BUT I know who holds tomorrow . That has made ALL the difference . Walk and Speak boldly , you are a child of the King :-) Be encouraged ! 
Nothing in life is guaranteed . The beauty of life is that we live with the HOPE of what can become of our deepest desires . AND the FAITH to believe it can happen . 
Enjoying this season and journey ... even with the detours :-) 
In Huntington Park at District Derby for scouts . Pack #358 about to race their cars :-) 
Watching my favorite movie Love and Basketball !!!... 
Thank You Father :-) 
God knows .... so I wait on him !!! 
The Tea Party ... on the Potomac exercising their right to bear arms and free speech . I believe in this right , what I oppose is the HATE SPEECH that is excited by these individuals . Bachman and Palin are using words such as \reload\ " and \ " target\ " to excite a crowd that will ultimately react . We have seen this behavior before in the pages of history during the civil rights movement . Be informed !! " 
Playoffs ... Let's go Cavs !!!! 
Words can be like venom . Hurt the heart slowly and painfully .... My father said bless those that curse you ... Blessing went out today !!. 
I DARE you to follow your dreams . Make it a reality by setting clear goals . Be mindful for every no there will be a yes . This is apart of the journey . Fight for your dreams with EVERYTHING . Dream big ... Big dreams hard work !. Don't ever give up !. Now make it a reality . Be blessed ! 
My God is able ... wait on the Lord ! 
With many cities across the nation laying off teachers and transit workers . Are you willing to pay more taxes to keep teachers in the classroom ?... Illinois protesters marched today shouting \Show some guts\ " to save teacher jobs by increasing taxes . I Love democracy !!! " 
Our public school system is in a code blue status . This year atleast 100,000 to 300,000 laid off across the nation . NY 17 , 000 , Ill 15 , 000 , CA 22,000 . Extracurricular activities cut , and sports activities cut . American education needs to be reevaluated , 50 million public school students across the nation education < PROPFEMALE > in the ...... balance . Get ready for the debate across the nation on how to save our schools 
McNabb and Westbrook fan ALWAYS ... What moves will the Eagles make tonight in the draft ???... Good Luck to the best firm ... Athletes First ... Good Luck big bro ! 
Okay ... Who is this guy ???.. We move from 24 to 13 and pick a DE and we just released a seasoned QB and of course have no one to throw the ball to WR Eagles !!! 
We were suppose to have < PROPMALE > Thomas ... we need a safety ... Yes I am a UT fan .. for life ! 
Finding a balance .... putting myself first ... :-) 
Praying , Planning and Preparing . 
Mommy and Daughter's afternoon at a local diner :-) 
I watched her as she spoke gentle words of love ... Her hand gestures , the twinkle in her eye . She is clearly falling for him . This beautiful woman has blossomed . She has learned to love again !. Each night she has prayed to love better than before . More importantly the Man that comes her way will understand the gentleness and strength of Love . Tonight she is overflowing .. Have fun tonight .. you deserve it !. Love ya girl ! 
Embracing the moment and journey !!!... 
Making this Monday great !!... Happy Monday .. work hard !!. Tomorrow is not promised , enjoy today !. :-) 
This is the day that the Lord has made ... I rejoice and be glad in it .. 
Enjoying 24 and working !!! 
Quality Education and Health care are a RIGHT ..... The debate should never be IF we should but HOW we can !!. Be Informed get involved in the process . CHANGE is created by debating and voted . NOV4 , 2008 was not the end but the beginning . 
Listening to < PROPFIRST > Burrell .... Making seafood salad for a lunch party at work this afternoon . Thanks Mom < PROPFIRST > Simms for the recipe :-) 
A beautiful day . Looking forward to helping at the YMCA . Then headed to Mt . Airy Day ... Enjoy this beautiful day !!!! 
Come on out and join us today !, join BOYD4CHANGE from 9am -3pm as we volunteer to assist in painting the Germantown YMCA , as it prepares to serve the community once again ! Paint brushes , rollers and paint will be provided . Lunch will also be provided . 
Enjoyed Mt . Airy Day ... Great seeing old friends .... See ya next year ! 
Family Unity Day at Grace Baptist Church ... Be blessed ! 
Shhhh !!!!!.... 24 is on .. :-) 
Grateful for today ! 
Countdown ... one month to my 35th B-day !!!! :-) 
Make sure your skill is in line with your confidence . 
Happy Cinco de Mayo .. celebrating a beautiful and < PROPMALE > culture ! 
Daddy called on my way home . To simply remind me of his love . He reminds me of my beauty and tells me no man is good enough ( like any Dad ) . He laughs with me , and worries without telling , He can tell by the tone of my voice something is wrong , He gives the biggest hugs and challenges me with the toughest words . His heart is for his girls < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > and myself . I Love You . We love You . Thanks for the call Daddy :-) 
Working hard ..... Procrastination is a delay for your < PROPFEMALE > . Set clear goals and go for it !. 
Life is fragile .... Give of your time and Love like there is no tomorrow ! 
Happy Mothers Day to each of you . Also to the single Fathers who have to step into the role . I celebrate each of you . We know parenting is not an easy task . Thank God for always protecting and covering our families . Be blessed . 
Enjoying SNL ... Jay-Z ... Loved it ! 
God has blessed me with the greatest title ... MOM .. Happy Mothers Day !!. 
Paying tribute to Grace and Elegance ... RIP < PROPFEMALE > Horne . 
My time with you Father restored my spirit . I praise you ... Your grace and mercy has kept me . You are the God of restoration . 
Psalm 126:5 ... Thanks sis for blessing my spirit ... Be encouraged ! 
I LOVE BASKETBALL ...... :-) CLE can still make it happen !!! 
While you SCREAM at your woman , there's a man wishing he could talk softly to her ear ... While you HUMILIATE , OFFEND and INSULT her , there's a man flirting with her and reminding herhow wonderful she is . While you HURT your woman , there's a man wishing he could make love to her . While you make your women CRY there's a man stealing smiles from her ... Post this on your wall if you're against Domestic Violence . 
Listening to WDAS on the ride home ... Michael Baisden Show ... love it ! 
May 18th is your day to bring CHANGE to your district . Get out and vote . 
Thank you Jesus for my Life , Every mountain and every valley . It's you God .... Thank You . 
FB friends ... Any good Jazz clubs in Philly , NJ or NY ??? 
Enjoying coffee ice cream .. To my fam on FB ya'll know Grandma(Mother Walls ) would feed us this as kids ... the tradition continues :-) 
Vote Tomorrow .... Get there early .... CHANGE begins in our own communities . Let's make tomorrow just as important as . Nov 4 , 2008 ... 
I VOTED ... 22 < PROPMALE > and the 17 Division ... Democracy is beautiful .. Get out today Philly ... BRING CHANGE .. VOTE !!!! 
Grey's Anatomy is so good ! 
Prom Night ... for Canaan Preschool .. Parents finish the night line dancing ... oh yeah ! sponge < PROPMALE > was the guest appearance .. fun night ! 
More listening ... Less talking ! 
It's all about the orange ... Go Flyers !! 
God ALWAYS protects his own . Your test is a testimony of your faith and our Fathers grace and mercy .. Be Blessed ! 
Enjoy the weekend .. Remember the men and women who served our country ... Be safe FB !!! :-) 
Listening to the birds , feeling the morning breeze . Another beautiful day to give and love better than yesterday !. 
Perfect Game ... Roy Halladay ... No hitter ! ( Away Game ) ... Wow !!!... Go Phillies ! 
As we prepare to grill , lay out on the beach and spend time with family and friends . WE MUST take a moment to remember the reason for today . Today I salute every man and woman that serve and lost their life for our freedom . To my grandfather(WW II ) and my relatives who served in the 54th regiment .. we honor and appreciate your sacrifice . Thank You . 
Reflection and Unwinding ... listening to Pandora box ( < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Radio ) a nice mix of R&B and neo-soul artist ... 
Go Celtics ... :-) 
Grateful for 35 years ..... I have known many of you since < PROPFEMALE > Leaf , CW < PROPFIRST > , Lankenau/Germantown ... and Oh yes ! those college days . Thanks to all my friends and fam for being apart of my life ... this journey .... Thanks in advance for all the birthday wishes .. Love you all ! :-) :-) <3 
Enjoying ALL the calls , hugs , kisses and Birthday wishes ... so appreciative !!!! <3<3 
As the sun has set on June 4th . I thank each of you for sharing in my day !. I have enjoyed every minute . I look forward with anticipation and expectation of my future :-) 
Compromising DOES NOT mean giving up the things you like . It means embracing an idea outside of your comfort . It means considering a person's view in connection with yours . Compromise isn't a sacrifice because both ideas are considered . If there is a sacrifice it is letting go of the ego and pride to reach a common ground .... :-) 
New perspective !!! 
A beautiful morning .... Walking the beach would be perfect !!! 
Pas West weekly blessing ......... May the Lord bless you and keep you . May his face shine upon you and < PROPMALE > you his peace . When you rise up early and settle late . In your labor and in your leisure in your laughter and in your tears . Until that day when we should stand at the feet of Jesus where there is no sunrise or sunset . - A great teacher Pas West . 
Beautiful weather 
I rise to a new day rested . His word is my hedge of protection . I am grateful for Gods love , amazing grace , and new mercy everyday in my life . Mom- Rev Kershaw blessed my spirit this morning with a word from God . My strength is renewed , I am restored . Be blessed .. Remember he is the God of Encore ...!!! 
God doesn't need you to be perfect . In the Bible EVERY person God used had challenges . The amazing thing about God is how he can remind the person who thinks he/she is \together\ " his power and grace in their lives . You are never at your best where God can't use you !!! . The very minute you feel you're to good to be used ...... God will remind you of who HE IS !!!.. Be blessed " 
Everyone enjoy the rest of this week ... 
Celtics ... GREEN ALL THE WAY BABY !!!!! 
I'm choosing to rise above the situation .... Understanding the power of words . Exercising silence . 
95S ... MD State Troopers are out today ! 
I Love Praise and Worship ... We honor you father , We bless your name .... I rise singing ... There is none like you , No one else can touch my heart like you do , I can search for all eternity Lord and find there is none like you .. Be encouraged . 
Thank You Father for restoring me once again this morning with your word . I'm not easily broken . I will bend and will not break ..... Great is his name ... For he is worthy to be praised !. Everyday new mercies have come upon my life . I just want to say Thank You for my life ... You never know who you will bless with a kind word , a smile or a hug . Be a blessing throughout the day !. 
God is ALWAYS requiring more of us to take us to the next level on the path to our destiny .. his will and plan . Today , God spoke and I shall listen . What is God requiring of you ?. Pray on it and receive our Fathers blessing on your life ! 
Greetings FB ... Enjoy this beautiful morning 
HAPPY FATHERS DAY .... To each of you , we appreciate your love and sacrifice . Your hugs and phone calls . I celebrate the two Fathers God has blessed me with < PROPMALE > Simms and the late Rev < PROPFIRST > Kershaw . <3 . We Love you Dad and miss you Daddy < PROPFIRST > <3 
We WELCOME .. A Blessing on Fathers Day !!!... Born 9:13 pm . Caylynn Kershaw . Gods continued blessings over their lives . To baby brother < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > CONGRATS !!!!. This is an amazing and beautiful moment . <3<3 
The possibilities are endless !!!!!. Reach for your goals . You are your greatest cheerleader !! 
Enjoying the evening breeze .... 
Rising early to work ... The goal is clear . The vision for my future allows for me to rise early and settle late . !!!! 
Philly got a dose of the Texas humidity today :-) 
Thank You Father ... My time with you this morning has lifted me . I am so blessed to KNOW to seek you and to remain faithful . I trust you Father . Thank You for being faithful to me ... even when I'm not at my best .. I Love You Father ! 
God wakes me exactly at 2am ..... Our father reminds us often of his grace and mercy over our lives . Thank you Father for everything .... You have blessed and kept me ... so grateful ! 
Happy Birthday to my son < PROPFIRST > .... 10 years old today .. Wow time is flying . <3 
Rain IS better than snow :-) ... Be safe !! 
Rising early to thank our Father for the many blessings in my life .... SO blessed and grateful !! 
My praise started on the morning walk/run ... Ready to let it overflow to my Fathers house ... Enjoy this day , This is the day that the Lord has made , I WILL REJOICE and BE GLAD IN IT !!!. Be blessed ! 
I Love to see My Father at work .. He puts me in a situation , only to sit back and see how much I TRUST him . I have learned peace within comes before the blessing . I walk by FAITH ( what I can't see ) because I know my DAD will work every situation out according to his perfect will . EVERYTIME .. with FAITH comes FAVOR . 
Saturday morning block clean-up . Community pride ... The neighbors are out brooms , coffee and conversation !! 
Woke up , thanking God for ALL of his blessings in my life . I thank him for the challenges , for each test has become a testimony of how God has kept me !. Faithful is our God ... Be blessed ! 
Stay off < PROPMALE > Drive ... Traffic on both sides .. People driving on the wrong side ... U-turns .. police .. a mess . 
Huge tree fell across the < PROPMALE > drive ... crazy ! 
Beautiful evening ..... Thank God for the breeze :-) 
Beautiful evening ... Thank God for the breeze :-) 
A beautiful cool morning !! 
overflowing with peace and joy !! 
I never give anybody hell . I just tell the truth and they thought it was hell . -- Harry S . < PROPMALE > 
Finally ..... I can go to bed !!! 
Relaxing & Reflecting ... Thankful to God for his many blessings !!.. So Grateful ! 
Wyclef < PROPFIRST > running for President of Haiti !!! 
It's easy to dream ..... The challenge is making the dream a reality . It requires vision , sacrifice and hard work . Don't EVER give up on yourself . YOU are your greatest cheerleader !!!. 
Enjoyed the MOTOWN Museum the home of the greatest music of our time ... The MJ exhibit was amazing . I will definitely remember the fun in the studio . The History ..... 13 labels and a company that went from $850 to 20 million in 7 years ... WOW !!! 
Happy Being Me !!! 
GOD IS .. making things happen .... The blessings keep coming .. SO Blessed ... I take no credit ... I give him total praise .. Be Safe FB .. Be encouraged !! 
CHANGE is more than a quick fix . We use this word loosely , as if there is no planning or implementing of new processes . CHANGE is first reflectant in our mindset . If we train our mind , how we think , it is then reflectant in how we feel . THEN we have accomplished CHANGE . Now it is apart of our being , our lifestyle !!!.. Definitely not easy !.. Always necessary . 
EVERYDAY with Jesus is sweeter than the day before . Grateful for my Father's love , grace and mercy over my life . I GIVE him all the praise and glory .. everyday ! 
EVERY season is for a reason !! 
Looking forward to Week 4 ... Philly and Skins !!! 
Grateful for the natural alarm clock ... when God touches you to wake . So grateful for EVERY experience in my life . Every victory and defeat has molded me for his purpose ... to give , to serve , to love , to be a blessing to others . Be blessed , Be encouraged , 
Life is precious ... To our family in Monks Corner , SC my heart and prayers are with Aunt < PROPFEMALE > and Uncle TJ and family .. We remember < PROPFIRST > Richardson today ... RIP cousin <3<3<3 . 
Had an amazing lunch with two wonderful women of God . I STRIVE to continue to be a woman of purpose and faith . I really love the Lord , and lift up my hands in adoration , gratefulness is flowing from my heart !. Enjoy the week FB ! 
The best lessons in life come from our moments of defeat ; and our victories teach us to NEVER give up on our vision for our lives .. dream , plan and implement . Be encouraged ! 
I love our Fathers sense of humor . I prayed to God of where I WANTED to join for church membership and he told me where I'm NEEDED !!!... All I can say is I'm being obedient . When we ask God to do his will , have his way ,... get ready for his answer !!. :-) 
Death of family and friends is never easy . When the sunset is sudden we often reevaluate our own lives . RIP < PROPFIRST > Richardson .. We can not begin to understand why you were taken so young . This we know as a family of faith , GOD KNOWS BEST !!. Love ya Richardson and Kershaw family ! <3<3<3 
Waiting to hear the President speak .. MSNBC with < PROPFIRST > Matthews !! 
I am convinced , many of us have yet to experience true success because we lack the mindset !!... The mindset requires a vision and plan to make our greatest desires become a reality !!! 
GO DONOVAN .... Ready to see the Skins beat the Cowgirls :-) :-) 
Gratefulness is flowing from my heart !!!. Be encouraged !! 
Looking ahead ... When going through the storm , think of the rainbow . When in the valley low , think of the mountain top . Wherever this journey leads you , hold true to yourself . When defeat is staring you in the face .. stand tall . Even when you feel you can't .. YOU CAN .. I DARE YOU to be RELENTLESS !!!. 
Peaceful !!.. Enjoy every moment and every season of the journey ;-) 
Quietly forgiving and moving on is a gift to God ; and yourself - Unknown .... Never block your blessings !!! 
Courage doesn't always roar . Sometimes courage is the quiet voice at the end of the day saying , \I will try again tomorrow . ” - < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > Radmacher " 
Life is not measured by the breaths you take , but by the breathtaking moments - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
In order to succeed , your < PROPFEMALE > for success should be greater than your fear of failure -- Bill Cosby 
OBSERVATION ... 10 years do make a difference . I see the younger women wearing their 3-4 inch heels on the train walking to the office . The 30 something group , we wear our cute flats and change in the office ... LOL ... Enjoy today FB ;-) 
Great sermon by Dr. < PROPMALE > Wright Jr. \The Good Shepherd\ " .. say it GBC \ " church folk\ " ... Ready for the McNabb and Vick Showdown !!! " 
\Happiness is not the absence of problems but the ability to deal with them \"- Unknown " 
I like it on the chair ! 
Hey Philly ... Fired Up ... President Obama want you to put your car in \D\ " -Drive Forward ( Democrat ) ... We can't put our car in \ " R\ " reverse ( Republican ) ... Nov 2nd ... Is our day Fired Up ... Ready to VOTE !!! " 
\Happiness is a perfume you cannot pour on others without getting a few drops on yourself \".- < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > .... Enjoy this beautiful day ! " 
That's the beauty of life . There is ALWAYS an opportunity to grow , give and love better than the day before . Each moment is precious .. embrace what GOD has given you !!! <3<3<3 
OVER --- EAGLES .... We NEEDED Vick today !!!. Congrats to D-Nabb 
The moment you decide to commit to CHANGE . You'll do the work to meet the goal .... Tonight I help with posters for the < PROPFEMALE > rally ..... What are you committed to do for Nov 2nd ?... make a phone call , knock on doors , drive the elderly to the polls , encourage your friends to commit to vote on Nov 2nd ... This evening I encourage you to vote .. FIRED UP ... READY TO VOTE !!! 
Shout out to the brothers ( all ages ) I met coming home from work in Mt . Airy canvassing today .... great energy , when OUR men lead OUR community must follow ... VOTE ... FIRED UP ... READY TO VOTE !!! 
The VOLUNTEER office at Mt . Pleasant and Germantown Ave can use more folks to canvass and make calls . Commit an hour or two , between now and Nov 2nd to help ... GET OUT THERE PHILLY and MAKE IT HAPPEN !!! 
Train riders were greeted by Sestak as we walked through suburban station .. Fired Up Philly ... Ready to Go !!! 
I VOTED !!!! 
As we watch the shape of leadership change from state to state ... WE MUST REMAIN PROACTIVE AND ENERGIZED . Embrace how you feel and remember we still have to MOVE FORWARD .. One challenge at a time .. WE must make sure resources come back to our local communities ... WE know a health care appeal is coming .. LET'S stand together and prepare for the challenges ahead . STILL FIRED UP !! ... READY TO GO !! 
The next task ahead is to REMAIN engaged in the political process . MOVING FORWARD ... is our charge from President Obama . There is little time to be discouraged for the work ahead will be our greatest challenge . Continue to work in our communities , making sure resources are available . CHANGE IS A PROCESS ... 
Nov 6 , 2010 - 9am-2pm : A Career Workshop for High School Students sponsored by the American Association of Blacks in Energy ( AABE ) will be held 23rd&Market ST ( Energy Hall-Grnd Flr ) . Giveaways , Prizes and Food . Scholarship Opportunities . Register and RSVP : Patricia Fennell patricia.fennell@exeloncorp.com .. 
Listening to MSNBC Morning Joe : Boehner is ready to hault the health care < PROPMALE > and get rid of the Dept of Ed ... He is charting a path of destruction , we will ultimately be the most uneducated nation and the unhealthiest ... sounds like a third world country . I need to hear solutions from the other side of the aisle ... TUESDAY showed the voters who didn't vote in 08 and what big oil spent their money on ... E-day ! 
An employee asked me how do I determine success ?... Is it money ?. Personally for me it's not . My success is determined by how well I fulfill the other roles Mom , Friend , Sister , Girlfriend/Spouse . My success is determined how well I can separate the two and have a work /life balance . If I fail at the life roles my work will become my life .... Money is the icing on the cake !. The ingredients matter more :-) 
Using God's vision ... When you use the Father's vision you are able to see past the person , the moment , the challenge and understand the PURPOSE ... My Daddy's vision is perfect it is in-line with his perfect will ... The personal lesson , remove self and focus on the vision , plan , purpose and reach for the promise .. Enjoy the weekend FB ! 
ALL that needs to be said this morning is ..... BUT GOD .... As you go through your day recognize and speak BUT GOD . When the deadlines approach .. BUT GOD . Family is sick BUT GOD . Children challenge you and they face challenges ... BUT GOD . Think of where he has brought you from and where you are today BUT GOD .. His GRACE and MERCY is sufficient for me . Be encouraged ! 
Listening to the music in front of city hall(Christmas Village ) , lighting of the tree ... while working at the office , a great view !! 
My Father spoke and said to me ... Daughter ... This peace I give to you the world didn't give it and they can't take it away . Encouraged by the word ... in everything get \understanding\ " ... Be blessed ! " 
Seeing with God's vision ; A family an opportunity for God to show you his love , A friend .. God's opportunity to show you kindness , compassion and agape love , A storm God's opportunity to remind us to trust him , A rainbow reminding us the storm has passed and thru faithfulness favor is rewarded , God gives peace , peace that passeth all understanding . What a blessing to be his Daughter !! Be encouraged ! 
GO EAGLES .... FLY EAGLES FLY !!! #10 
Happy Birthday < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Gaddie .. Always in our hearts .. Miss you dearly <3<3<3 
For everyone I didn't reach by a personal text msg ... Embrace 2011 , enjoy , learn and grow . May God bless you exceedingly and abundantly in 2011 . Dream bigger , Love , Laugh and Live better than before 
My prayers are extended to Congresswoman < PROPFEMALE > Giffords and the other victims who were attacked today . This senseless violent action is a result of the political venom that must cease . When lives are threatened we are past freedom and speech . My prayers are extended . 
Happy Birthday Dr. Martin < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Jr. Thank you for the dream and vision for your community and nation . May we continue to perfect your dream and vision .... Take time to help a neighbor or volunteer to work a MLK project . Be of service to others not just today but everyday .... <3<3<3 
This is NOT a day off . This is a day on !... We must become the words we speak .... we are a community of many words let's fulfill the dream and become a community of action ... Great community involvement at the Greater Norristown Police Center over 200 people working together ... May we commit to fulfilling the dream everyday . 
My parents were MEAN to me when I was a kid . They made me do chores , go to church & school . They gave me a curfew , suggested I get a job and work for the things that I wanted . They insisted that I do my best at school , at my job & to take pride in my work . I grew up with morals , a good work ethic & respect for the law , and my elders . I thank God everyday for my parents . Copy and paste if you had Mean parents too 
Delaware Valley College Tours-Spring 2011 . HBCU Tour : April 16th-22nd , 2011 . Visiting- < PROPMALE > , Tuskegee , Clark-Atlanta , Hampton , Claflin , Morehouse , Norfolk State , < PROPFEMALE > City State , Spelman , Alabama State . www.delawarevalleycollegetoursinc.com . Tour Director : 610-527-3116 . 
Today is GO RED DAY ... American Heart Association ... Wear RED to support the cause of heart awareness of women and heart disease . Heart Disease IS the #1 killer for women ... To support this mission < PROPFEMALE>'s will give 20% this weekend if you wear red ( notify upon checkout ... source : Good Morning America ) ... ENJOY THE WEEKEND !!! 
ONE of the GREATEST lessons we can teach our children is \follow through\ " . Our children MUST remain committed to anything they start . This is where we as parents teach dedication and determination . " 
Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day to all ... May each of you experience the best LOVE life has to offer . < PROPFEMALE > every person in your life . If no one has told you , you are loved and enjoy today . Experience great and amazing LOVE everyday ! 
LOVE is an everyday expression . NO WORDS can truly express one's gratitude for being loved by friends , family . or husband/wife . LOVE is more than an ending phrase to a phone conversation , it represents the best and most challenging times ... Love endures . Share your LOVE without condition or limitation everyday God gives <3<3<3 
Reading the Journal of Healthcare Management- \Changing Economics in an < PROPFEMALE > of Healthcare Reform \"" 
Sending Love to my friends and family today . Life is precious , value every moment !!! 
Praying for the people of Japan . Praying for the west coast of the U.S. , Canada , Russia and Central < PROPFEMALE > as a Tsunami warnings were issued for the west coast shorelines . 
