loves Skyview and can't wait to go back again :) 

is going to babysit at twelve , and then having a LAUNDRY DAY . great fun ; being that I haven't done my laundry in a long while - this should be an adventure . bahaha . 
loves how Saturday is the perfect day to clean and do laundry - so relaxing :) 
snuggling up in a warm blanket with some hot tea - here I come :) 
is home (: and thanks to her girls at dance , she has half of her solo made up (: and is going down to the studio tmrw early to learn the rest of it , and the rest of tap & jazz ! thanks loves (: 
is so thankful for the girls at dance . they helped her learn her dances and her solo :D yay . i love you guys ! (: 
has to get stuff ready for her last dance rehearsal ; recitals this weeekend . 
is exhausted and wants to sleep FOREVER . 
loves my dance girls <3 
has some getting ready to do , then some grad parties , and then her last dance recital ever .. and then church & packing and down to the cemetery tomorrow for fathers day . text me . 
is at her grandparents , then church in the morning , and then packing , and spending sometime with the grandfathers , and then skyview monday morning (: (: 
is at her grandparents , and then going home to pack . (: 
is packing ; and then i guess < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > are coming over to keep me up all night , mann , i'm already sleep deprived . 
is going to walmart . now . haha . this freaking late/early . hahaha . with brookkke and frannkkkie . and then waking up early for skyviewwww with < PROPMALE > and vanesssssssa (: 
had a lot of fun this week (: 
is still exhausted , after sleeping forever . 
has to get a shower . and get ready . and try to do what her mother asked her to before going to our youth group thing tonight .... hmmm . 
is leaving soon for yac (: 
misses skyview , and can't wait to go back :( 
is having an amazing summer (: and loves her friends . and family . 
is going to work at the fair with < PROPFIRST > , and probably playing in the rain there if it ends up raining (; (; 
had a sleepover with shyannnnnnnna < PROPFIRST > , and is now just chillaxin with her until her mom calls me . 
wishesss she couuullldddd go wattchhh a movieee with her frrrrriend :( 
getting ready to drive out to < PROPFEMALE > for the weekend .. ppplease text meeeeeh ! (: 
is going to a fourth of july party (: (: 
might be going back up to < PROPFEMALE > today where my family is , i don't know yet .. text me if ya wanttt (: 
is writing thank you cards (: (: 
eats too much chicken (; 
has nothing to put on her status . 
blahhhh . 
wishes some of her friends didn't live so far away :( 
loves singing the across the universe soundtrack , too ! (: (; 
forgot how much she loves skyview until this week , and is thankful to have met her long lost twin (; 
is packing up for skyview again and then going to get her macboooook (: 
is at skyview this week , and has her new macbooook (: send me some mail (: 
is gonna go home soonnnn (: and then just come back to skyview tomorrow (; 
apparently you become an old lady when you get married . i love < PROPFEMALE > (: 
is at skyview again , send me maillll hereeee ppppallleasseeeee (; 
is home , fortunately & unfortunately , until Tuesday morning and then i'm going back to skyview (; anyone want relient k tickets ? 
wants to go back to skyview tomorrow instead of tuesday :( 
would usually by this time on sunday be getting ready to go back to skyview , but this week has to wait until tuesday ... how sad . 
this day needs to go faster so skyview will come sooner ; tuesday is so far away :( 
i have two extra relient k tickets for tomorrow night - anyone wanna come with me , < PROPMALE > , and his friend ? 
is about to clean out her car , do her laundry before skyview tomorrow , wash her car , get her oil changed , go to a relient k concert ( YAYYYYY ) , and then skyview in the morning ( another YAYY ) ! (: 
has to look up directions and finish laundry (: 
this is the best summer of my life . 
had a really good night , and thinks that you should listen to her voicemail (; 
loves relient k , and meeting them was by far amazing . now i'm getting ready to leave for skyview (: 
:) 
is enjoying her last week at skyview for the summer (: 
is coming home tomorrow fortunately and unfortunately :/ 
had a great ( half of ) summer with skyview staff , i'll miss you all ! 
is animal sitting (: and going shopping with thee mother and grandmother later today (: 
loves her friends from skyview , and misses them dearly . good thing for all of these ways of communication ! (: 
is going to a different walmart today :D 
leaves for college in two weeks .. wow . 
you are the everlasting God , the everlasting God , you do not faint , you won't grow weary ; you're the defender of the weak , you comfort those in need , you lift us up on wings like eagles .. <3 
is going to get ready and then going shopping for some more college stufffff . 
is in love with worship songs :) 
is getting her oil changed today around noon , and then hopefully finishing up college shopping later .. we'll see :) 
just discovered how much of a klutz she can be ... not good . 
is at the library finding music .. and her macbook is about to die in about 10 minutes :( 
another day is over . college is approaching quite quickly :) 
needs to go home and at least starttttt packing . 
is making randommmmm videos with her maccc .. there we go :) 
has just discovered that she can leave videos on people's walls and messages with her new computer , so instead of typing will probably do that more often :) :) 
loves making freaking sweet videos for karen :) :) :) 
thinks that webcams are amazing ;) 
needsss to get to slleeeep . i stayed home tonight , so that means before i go to church bright and early , i have to go let the dog out and do random things where i'm house sitting .. blahhhhhh . text :) 
finally found the comforter she wanted for her dorm room :) 
thinks that corn on the cob is really good roasted over a fire ;) 
gets to go swimming all day tomorrow while she babysits :) yay . and then after 5 has to finish up some shopping and start packingggggggg . 
i need new skinny jeans ... anyone wanna come ? 
bought really nice shoes , a pair of skinny jeans , and a shirt to go with them for a little under the forty dollars she made babysitting today :) 
is going to shower . and then probably sit on the computer until i find something better to do . like shop . with my mother . haha :) 
loves her new outfit :) going shopping with the mother around 2:45 . maybe out to eat with her as well :) text :) 
went shopping & to out to eat with her mom and is finally finishing up the shopping tomorrow with her . 
is going to stay at < PROPFIRST>'s tonight :) :) :) yay ! 
is finishing up shopping with theee mother , babysitting around 3:30 , and then if i get done in time , youth group at 6:30 :) 
it's stormingggg ; so i guess i'll just go through my stuff and finish packing for school now while there's nothing else to do .. :) 
went through all of her stuff , and now just has to pack it all up before move-in on wednesday . 
should probably finish putting all of her stuff for school together and then find something else to do until 6:30 when i have to babysit four kids in lordstown . yay . 
going to babysit three children and an infant in about one hour . i will be home around midnight :) 
is making a lot of money this weekend babysitting :) 
can't believe that tomorrow will be the last full day in ridge ; this summer went so fast . 
moves to college in a day :) 
ohkkayy . so , in about twenty four hours , i will be running around trying to get all my stuff together and organized , going crazy , and regretting that i didn't do it right now . and yet i still choose the computer and friends over organizing and finishing putting stuff together . ;) 
is going to be on here for a little bit , going to see her pappa and mammaw around two or so , finishing getting my stuff together , packing what i can in my car , and then driving to malone and moving in around eight thirty or nine in the morning :) 
man , i love < PROPFEMALE > shinaberry :) i'm going to walmart to print pictures , cleaning up the house a little because my aunt < PROPFEMALE > is stopping over , then going to see my mammaw and papa , probably going to stop into my grandma&papa < PROPFIRST>'s for a few , some mommy&me time , then finishing packing , and then off to malone tomorrow bright and early . 
moving into malone ; text me :) 
is all moved in to her dorm :) :) :) 
is pretty much loving malone ; the atmosphere , the campus , the dorm life . it's all so amazing :) :) :) texxttt < PROPFEMALE > ! 
is going to camp gideon with her's and a couple other college experience classes , i'll be back around 4:30 :) :) 
had an ( although exhausting ) aamazing dayy ! :) 
getting ready . into the streets with theeee section today . working with senior citizens :) 
is really confused about this whole thing . 
loves all of her new friends :) :) :) 
wants to take a nap and go to walmart ; does anyone want to come along ? 
is thinking about going to watch the football scrimmage . hm . 
decorating and then making envelopes for some of the girls ; walmart with < PROPFEMALE > and her roommate later :) 
that was the craziest musical chairs i have ever watched . haha :) 
just watched slumdog millionaire with the girls :) it was good :D 
is going home for two or three hours to visit my mommmy and get some stuff :) 
starts classes tomorrow . anatomy lab at eight a.m. and then long break in between ; so if you wanna chill between ten and ten till twelve , lemme know :) 
got done with her anatomy lab early :) i have a freshman exam at 10:30 , and then classes until 2 . 
just took that stupid general education exam . lameee . i have anatomy at 12 and then intro to psych at 2 . chill after anyone ? :) 
college is good . :) 
gooodnight all . my busiest day of the week is tomorrow . four classes . hooray . haa . text me :) 
officially hates tuesdays this semester . 
let the studying begin ... 
sleeping soooon , maybe . 
got to sleep in past 8:30 and is still unfocused and out of it . jeez . chapel at 10:30 , classes till 2 after that , work from 4-5 , and then homework . cellular . 
anatomy at twelve , psych at one , and then late lunch at two , and homework soon to follow . 
is being constantly reminded that is the beginning of the worst month of the year . and all i want to do is cry . 
doesn't have anything to do until 10:30 . history at 11:40 & then english comp at 2:30 .. 
coffee is an amazing thing :) freshman test thing at 10:30 , and then classes from 11:40 - 3:45 , lunch in between with juliaaaa :) 
that was an easy test today .. now i have history in the library at 11:40 , lunch after , english at 2:30 - 3:45 , and then probably chillaxin with < PROPFEMALE > , and then chinese with the floor tonight :) 
i like thursdays :) 
cluster day :) prayyyinggg that i will be able to make it back for celebration .. i don't wanna miss it . 
loves her amazing friends and how they make her so happy and thankful to be here with them ; but at the same time just can't get over this inner sadness :( 
skyview soon :) 
went out to eat with < PROPFEMALE > , and is just chillin with the girls :) texttt :D 
is gonna get a shower and then go home . and see her wonderful family :) 
is going over to < PROPFIRST>'s with the family , and then i'm home until tomorrow afternoon , and then back to malone . :) 
knows too well how to procrastinate ... the homework awaits ... 
despite the amount of reading and homework she has to do , is definitely going to go lay down and eventually fall asleep . 
has a picnic to go to , and then tons of reading and homework , probably back to malone around three or fourrrrr . 
just interviewed her papa for her history paper , and is gonna eat and head back to malone around 4 or so . :) 
now ... to start this history paper ... and reading ... ahh , lets see how fast i can get this stuff done :) 
history is done . now i just have some reading to do and a paper to write for college experience . 
thinks that coffee and hallmates are amazing :) 
has one more thing to read for tonight .. the last half of the chapter for intro to prof nursing , what a joy . 
is finally done reading :) now to put her stuff from home away and then hit the hayyy ; only to wake up early .. boo . haa , but gotta love the college lifeee ; fooosho ! 
really wishes sleep would come to her soon :( 
is up way to early . shower , breakfast , and class at 9 . 
breakkfasst with some of the girls , intro to prof nursing at 9 , chapel at 10:30 , history at 11:30 , college experience at 1 , and then english at 2:30 . busyyy dayy . homework soon to follow that ... 
dinner & probably homework . hopefully i have some time to think later . 
chillaxin for a bit , < PROPFIRST > mcroberts concert with theee girls later :) 
hm . thinking . and then talking . and then thinking some more . and then either reading or sleep . whichever i feel like doing . 
blahhh , just got done with anatomy labbbb . chapel at 10:30 , classes until two after , then some free time ; but busy from 4- 8:30 after that :( 
cause they always say in canton , you can'tooonjoy yourself ... 
work & then training from 5:30 - 8:30 . and then pppprobably homework or something of that nature ... 
training until 8:30 . after that chillinnn , probably some kind of reading ;) 
ssshhoweer & chillin . probably homework later . 
is ffiinally going to bed .. and then sleeping in for a little bit tomorrow , and then reading for history , and then history , and then engilsh , and then and then and then ... haaaa . 
happy birthday frankie :) getting ready , classes from 11:30 - 3:45 , and then chillin&homework . 
library & english . :) 
justttt put some laundry in .. chillin&some readings . steelers game is tonightt .. but then so is celebration ... :/ 
is really frustrated that the tobymac/relient k concert in pittsburg is on a sunday night . 
steelers game with the girls soon :) 
yay , the time i could have spent studying and sleeping was officially spent on watching the steelers win :) 
anatomy&psych . chillin after twoo ... finally the weekend :) ridge/mcdonald game tonight :) 
about to head home for the ridge/mcdonald game . i'll be back at malone saturday night :) 
is spending some time at home with < PROPFIRST > for her birthday . & loves theeee hallmates of minee :) 
isn't gonna be done babysitting until like 11:30 , so won't be back to school until lateee . like 12:45 . ugh .. maybe i'll just leave really early tmrw morning . who knows . 
is back at school ; and has so much to do in so little time . 
is going to start writing the rough draft essay for englishhh .. please distract me . 
forgot her love for ramen noodles until my mouth hit them ;) 
just chilling . and gonna find something to eat :) 
is kind of blah . at this moment . on this day . during this week . etc . 
doesn't understand life .. someone should talk to me . i'm bored . 
is not ready for this eight am lab :( 
work in advising&testing , anatomy , and cluster party in psych :) 
still has three pages to b.s. for her english essay . great . i'm guesstimating about an hour and a half ;) 
Things aren’t always what they seem , you’re only seeing part of me , there’s more than you could ever know , behind the scenes ; i’m incomplete and i’m undone , but I suppose like everyone , there’s so much more that’s going on , behind the scenes .. 
you may think i'm just fine , how could anything ever be out of line ; take my time to set the stage make sure everything is all in place , even though i've got the lines rehearsed , a picture only paints a thousand words .. 
goodnight everyoneee . late day tomorrow ; chapel at 10:30 , classes 12-2 ; work from 2:30 -5 . nothing after but homework :) 
chapel&then back to finish my pop tarts and peanut butter ( don't judge ;)) 
is so confused with what's being thrown at me . 
feels a lot better about this now . 
loves thursdays because of the no class until 11:30 ;) history later , work , and then english . :) 
happy birthday daddy ... 
sylvana is visiting malone tonight&tomorrow :) 
is going to go read and study some possibly outside ; i'm sure i'll get distracted by the spirit rally later , so i'll probably attend . swine flu dorm meeting , and then hopefully seeing sylvana ;) 
hates having to miss the rally - but i have to focus on my studies for awhile .. :( 
thinks that the freak out is over in her mind . thankfully . i was really stressed for a little while . 
work at 11 , classes until 2 . 
can't wait for classes to be over today ; and then i have to confine myself to studying :( 
thank goodness it's the weekend - now to figure out what to do first , study or fun ... i think i'll just study for a couple hours ... and then have my fun :) 
is definitely going to skyview soon . :) 
is having so much fun at skyviewwww :) 
had fun skyping with < PROPFEMALE > shinaberry and her southern accent friend :) walmart with < PROPFEMALE > soon , and then we'll see :) 
really needed that get-away at skyview this weekend ; and of course enjoyed seeing all of the full time staff there (&< PROPFEMALE > ) :) 
has a feeling that tonight will be a late one .. so maybe a nap is in order ;) (& < PROPFEMALE > is coming to visit soon :D ) 
doesn't wanna study anatomy or do her history essay . blahh , thank goodness there's music in the world :) 
is going to go with the girls downstairs to chillll :) and then has one more chapter of anatomy to make a review for and study . and then possibly starting on history . 
hates not knowing what's going to be on the anatomy quizzes . it is going to be a late night unfortunately . no sleep for me :( 
is going to get a shower and call it a night . study some anatomy tomorrow morning .. and then write my 3 < PROPFEMALE > paper tomorrow evening , yay . 
is in her dorm for more than five minutes for the first time today ; i have a three < PROPFEMALE > paper to write , and then OPP for college experience , reading a million chapters for history , and last but not exciting , reading for english . 
is done with her history paper ; now it's time for everything else . 
chapel , history , college experience , and english . longg day . 
is finally done with classes for the day ; chillin & reading/studying tonight :) 
has a busy day of classes , work , and studying . 
is going to chill , study with < PROPFEMALE > somewhere around seven , and then read all night .. :) 
grey's anatomy :D 
looking over psych some while my laundry finishes ; work from 9-10 tomorrow morning , studying for psych quiz , and then i only have psych tomorrow , done at twoo :) 
tgif . work in admissions/lunch , coming back to chill , psych at one , and then my weekend officially begins at twoooo ( too bad it's mostly going to consist of studying anatomy&psych ) . 
it's finally the weekend . after my sheets are done drying i think my dreams are calling me . and then hopefully something fun tonight :) 
is going to go to walmart with < PROPFIRST > Depew ; finish coloring a picture for < PROPFEMALE > Sutherland and then mail < PROPFEMALE > Roby a letter with a picture :) 
has two exams monday :( 
needs to find something to do around here other than being confined to this building .. helpp ! 
is skyping with < PROPFEMALE > Sutherland . YAY :) 
is excited to get out of this dorm for a little while this evening :) 
thinks that Orphan was the most disturbing movie she's seen in a longgg time ; watching Juno with the girls , and then probably sleeping , i think there's a slumber party in my room ;) 
is going over to < PROPFEMALE>'s dorm to studyyy , and then studying psych later . have a great day :) 
is finally done studying for anatomy , and i actually feel like i know something :) ; studying for psych in a little bit , probably around 9:30 .. taking a longgg break right noww . lol :) 
is going to start studying for psych .. oh < PROPMALE > . 
is gonna spend about another 45 minutes with psychology , and then go to bed just to wake up for an eight o'clock anatomy lab :/ 
didn't expect that anatomy test to be so short ; i hope i did okay . psych test at one , and then work from two-six ; after that my life consists of food & reading . 
is so confident on about the psych exam i just took . mentoring from 2-6 and then reading my life away :) 
uuuuh . eventualllllly reading . it's pretty cold . that's pretty much all tonight . 
sleeping until worldview forum . then a bible study at nine . 
didn't make it back from the world view forum in time for bible study .. figures . those philosophers and talking ... 
chapel at tenn thirtyy , anatomy at twelve , psych at one , work at two thirty until five , studying for history later . 
;) 
is going to be studying for history for a long while :( 
no technology for two days :) gotta love simplicity week ! :D talk to you all saturday ! ;) 
it's finally friday afternoon , done for the day :) 
< PROPFEMALE > IS COMING TO MALONE TOMORROW :) 
love is the only word to describe what i'm feeling for this place . 
coffee is good even at 11:40 at night :) i'm hearing a dance party down the halllll :D 
“To be nobody but yourself in a world that's doing its best to make you somebody else , is to fight the hardest battle you are ever going to fight . Never stop fighting . ” - e.e. cummings 
going to eat lunch with < PROPFEMALE > & < PROPFEMALE > ; < PROPFEMALE > is coming over to malone to stay and we're going to the football game tonight :) 
has three papers to write for next week :( 
just got back from bw3s with heidii , i lovee wings :) 
was just ganged up on by < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > ; and then forced to go back and forth underneath me & < PROPFEMALE>'s beds because of being tickled by them .. how does everyone catch onto my weakness ?!?! 
going to lunch with < PROPFEMALE > Sutherland ; and then cluster thing at 2:30 , followed by a concert with her tonight :D 
going to the cluster event , and then fireflight concert with < PROPFEMALE > Sutherland : yay ! 
feels bad for screwing up < PROPFEMALE > Sutherland's picture :( 
agrees with her roommate ; nap time :) 
fooooood & then work at the church from 2-6 ; college experience paper and reading to follow . greattttt . 
so , i have a three & a half < PROPFEMALE > paper due tomorrow .. am i gonna start it now ; negative , i'll start it in about an hour ;) 
is starting this stupid paper now . gr . hopefully i'll be done by ten ... maybe . 
due to distractions , i will get done later than planned . i'm hoping for 11 now ; what can i say , i just love dorm life :) 
is done with her paper by eleven ; yes :) now all i have to do is have someone proof read it so i can fix it .... any takers ? ( p.s. it's horrible and totally bs-ed ) 
no chapel for nursing majors today ; it's tomorrow instead :) chillaxin until history at 11:30 ; college experience at 1 ; and english at 2:30 ; homework & meeting after that .. probably going to watch the flag football game later :) 
laundry , meeting @ 5 , possibly going home for a little bit , and then bible study tonight :) 
is back , and probably not going to go to sleep for awhile due to the coffee earlier ; on the upside , my closet is full of WARM clothes , and my bed can now be warm & cozy :) 
is finally going to get some real food outside of a pack of crackers and coffee ( which was my only meal today ) . my stomach is growling quite loudly . 
is still unsure about some things , so if you could , please pray for me ... but i'm writing a paper now that's due tomorrow , but at least half of it is done . 
is importing JJ Heller cds into her itunes ; you should listen to her :) 
studying :( 
doing stuff for lab practical monday morning . hopefully getting started now will help me some :) 
after this is over , i will be so relieved . 
is going to the writing center for english , then the bank , then work , followed by walmart , and then studying for a&p practical . yay . 
anybody wanna come disturb my studying for lab practical ? 
has an addiction to coffee and people .. oh man . :) 
studying for anatomy lab monday morning ; which will unfortunately consume most of my weekend . great . 
has the parts of the skull and most of the tissues memorized , and then tomorrow i will probably memorize the rest of the bones so i can review sunday . yay for studying . 
isn't going to the game so i can study for practical . 
just to update , i officially have the parts of the skull AND the vertebral column memorized ; yay ; now the rest of the bones . 
another update : skull , vertebral column , ribs , arms , and hands memorized :) now the legs & feet . and then tissues . 
is done studying the bones , and i'm now going to study the integumentary system & cells ; eventually finishing up the tissues & reviewing a million times . 
' s feet hurt really bad . so i'm just going to sleep because the pain goes away . 
' s ankles are really stiff this morning :( 
likes going home with < PROPFEMALE > Miller ;) 
is off to bed .. hopefully prepared enough for the 8AM A&P lab practical ... 
didn't to as bad as i thought i would on my lab practical ; now finally a shower , work at eleven , classes until two . :) 
work soon ; back at six to do papers & chillax with < PROPFEMALE > :) 
has a feeling that it's going to be a late night because < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Cummings is here .. 
is sitting in < PROPFEMALE > Bennington's room with her and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Cummings , attempting to do her homework .. i need to get this beastly cultural experience paper done soon . haa . 
is really exhausted and today is my busiest day of the week . yay for being in college . 
is running to the bank to get some money out ; and then work from 5-7 .. after that hopefully a night of relaxing ..... righttt . 
eating noodles , getting a shower , bible study ( yesss ) , and then sleeping . 
is still tired :( maybe i'll lay down in the minutes before chapel . 
gives up on anatomy :( 
God is bigger than the boogie man , he's bigger than godzilla or the monsters on tv , ohhhhhhhhhhh . 
HOPES that < PROPFEMALE > Miller and < PROPFEMALE > Kandel will wait for me to go to chipotle and then go to walmart after i get out of work ; aka planning their lives around my schedule ;) 
loves how i just got out of a seventy five minute class an hour early :) 
is really excited to go home and see her family this weekend . one more day of classes . oh < PROPMALE > :/ 
has work at eleven in admissions , anatomy at twelve , psych at one , and then work at four ; home around fiveee . yesssss :) 
finding things to do until four ; work from four to quarter till five , and then going home for the weeeekend :) 
is going to < PROPFEMALE > out with her long lost best friend that she hasn't seen in two months ! yay :) ( aka < PROPFIRST > Stroud ) 
hopes that she can get some anatomy studying in while at home today .. everyone expects her to do stufffffff all day :/ 
is stalked up on food for when she goes back to school tomorrow : yay :) 
is eating frosted animal cookies , attempting to study , and then some fun stuff with the girls later :) 
ten more classes until fall breakkkk .... until then , studying for this anatomy test & going to the bank before eleven .. then work & test in anatomy .. followed by psych , and then work at the church until six :) 
i lied ! eight more classes until fall break :) 
is studying for intro , getting a shower , and probably sleeping around one or so . 
good luck to my flag football \daughters\ " at the game against dub 2 :) your team mom loves you ! :) :) :) :) :) i have work from 5-7 . blahh . " 
i miss everything because of work , boo . but I am proud of my undefeated dub 3 girls :) 
is happy with all of her midterm grades except for anatomy :/ 
fall break :) :) :) :) 
so , work from 2-6 ; then finding something to do on this vacant campus . we'll see about that ... 
the kids at work get worse every day .. they need to learn how to listen ... trying to find something to do ... anyone have anything ? :) 
thinks that instead of writing a paper , she is going to go down to dub 2 to watch a movie :) 
laundry and paper writing - staying up really late to assure everything gets done , because unlike normal thursday nights , I don't have to wake up early in the morning :) :) :) 
is enjoying holmes county right now , BEAUTIFUL fall colors , catching up with good friends , and chocolate cheesecake & chai tea at newgrounds :) 
doesn't understand why this beautiful weekend at skyview has to end ... :/ 
thinks that game nights with < PROPFEMALE > Heffern , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > Childs , < PROPFIRST > Childs , and Bubbles the monkey are amazingly fun ... more often please :) 
there are a lot of opportunities to take some really good pictures in my free hour right now ; i think that it's gonna happen . :) :) :) :) :) :) 
is going to take a nap ; even though skyview wears me out , i love it so much .. i wish i was still there .. 
is going to work from 2-6 , getting my check (: , and then writing a paper at some point tonight . 
focus focus focus self ; paper paper paper , now now now . 
is really exhausted ; and it's the busiest day of the week for me . boo . but i do get to look forward to my date with < PROPFEMALE > & < PROPFEMALE > today at four :) :) :) :) 
shhhhhh , psycho is on duty . :) 
is still tired ; booo .. shower , chapel , anatomy @ 12 , psych exam @ 1 , and work from 2:30 -5 .. 
it's official . 
is really amazed by the work God is doing in her life . He is SO awesome . 
needs to stop struggling with approval and disappointing others . 
thinks that if I was hungry , I would ask < PROPFIRST > Depew to make me some < PROPMALE > and cheese :) :) :) 
yay woolman 4 ;) 
thinks that decorating the floor with the girls is going to be a blast this weekend :D 
has a really cool announcement :) :) text me :) :) :) 
loves the amazing girls on her floor . seriously . these girls are truly amazing . thank you God . 
decorating is going really good :) i should take some snap shots of the progress :D 
is really upset that the status only allows six tags because i entered some very important people in my life aka dub 3 north , and it said i couldn't have all of them . gr . well , i love you < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , chum , cayce , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , skylar , < PROPFEMALE > , and jaliah :) 
yay for winning kids choice award for little saint's night :) ( < PROPMALE > & the whale aka big fish ! ) :) :) :) 
studying my life away awaits :( 
in a few minutes i will have to lock myself away from the world of woolman three to where i will proceed studying my life away for this history exam ; pheww , after this , my week isn't that bad ... 
is studying the morning away when i could be sleeping :( 
doesn't have anything to do involving classes tonight . oh my goodness , this only happens once in a VERY long while . 
loves life on dub three :) 
has anatomy , psych , and work until five .. and then my grandparents are coming down to visit :) 
had a great time with her grandparents .. i love them so much .. i can't wait to see them again <3 
is going to the library to print some stuff out , work @ one , class @ two , dinner date @ four , and work @ five . 
is going on a dinner date with < PROPFIRST > , and then we are going to work ; i love her :) 
loves < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > :) 
work , coming back to shower&such , class , and then going to skyview :) 
skyview soon :) 
wishes that life could be peaceful everyday and i could spend lots of time outside in the nice fall with no worries ; just me , God , and His beautiful wilderness creation . 
thinks that having to work every monday when we have floor dinner stinks :/ 
has a sore throat ... and work from five to seven :/ 
should probably really go to the store now ... maybe .. bible study later . 
is going to bed due to illness :/ 
is sick :( 
is going to make some tea to take to work to help my throat :/ 
is congested , has a bit of a sore throat , might possibly have an ear infection , and has a doctors appointment at 3:40 :( 
fact : i hate ear infections . 
doesn't like how there is a constant < PROPFEMALE > going on from everything around her :( 
is going to go back to my room after work and hopefully sleep some more . 
oh boy , i just love weekends full of A&P studying . FALSE . 
goodnight world ... hammer & nails with some girls on the floor tomorrow :) 
loved volunteering for hammer and nails with some of the girls and a couple guys :) 
Though the devil will ruin , though trials may come , let this blessed assurance control , that Christ has regarded my helpless estate , and He shed His own blood for my soul . It is well with my soul . 
is going to go home for a little bit ... which means probably no studying :/ 
' s mommy is making her favorite meal for dinner : lasagna :) :) :) 
my life for the next 4 hours consists of continuously cramming . 
HAPPPPPY BIRTHDAY < PROPFIRST > Depew !!!! :) :) :) 
went to her mailbox today and received two things from < PROPFEMALE > Childs in there ! yay phone charger ! thanks for dominating my box today :D 
just has to do a one < PROPFEMALE > paper , fix a paper , and college experience homework ; i like this monday night compared to the rest :) 
is going to finish up some college experience homework , possibly go to chapel , have a busy day full of classes , and then do nothing with anybody because work conflicts with everything . yay . 
is going to relax until work at fiveeeeeee . 
actually I hate how work consumes my life . 
failure :( 
this upcoming week and weekend are going to be amazing ; skyview + family + relient k + thanksgiving break = perfection . 
dinner with < PROPFEMALE > , work from five to seven , and then probably reading in chum's room for a bit (: 
watched pride and predjudice with < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPFEMALE > . :) 
work @ 11 , anatomy @ 12 , psych is cancelled , and then skyview sometime after that : ) : ) : ) : ) 
hello weekend = hello skyview , osu party @ < PROPFEMALE>'s , home , < PROPFIRST>'s , and relient k : ) : ) 
relient k in less than twenty four hours : ) 
i struggle with forward motion , i struggle with forward motion , we all struggle with forward motion , cause forward motion is harder than it sounds , well everytime i gain some ground , i gotta turn myself around again .. 
homework , packing , college experience 1- 2:15 , movie with < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPFEMALE > , dinner , and going homeeeeeee for the weekend :D 
packing&cleaning , and then home :) 
goodnight facebook world :) 
can't find < PROPFEMALE > anywhere ; it's been cold and almost 3 days and :( 
< PROPFIRST > and I found < PROPFEMALE > today ; I just gave her a bath because she was extremely muddy , and now she is sleeping next to me on the couch :) 
is hoping to go to Peru over spring break :) 
happy turkey day :) 
it wouldn't be thanksgiving break without snow ... just got back from grove city , most likely going to bed now finally :) 
going to lay in bed , and attempt to fall asleep ; tomorrow is a busy day ... sending my passport application in , doing homework , hair cut at three , doing more homework , and then hanging out with < PROPFEMALE > :) 
homework , haircut @ 3 , more homework , and chillaxin with < PROPFEMALE > :) 
started to eat bbq chicken pizza and then had a vivid memory about skyview family camp pizza parlor ; bbq sauce and ranch dressing all over my face and the smell .. then i couldn't bring myself to eating it . 
loves her hair .. as always after it's cuttt . and then it grows :/ 
the blind side was amazing ... church in the morning & back to malone at some point in time tomorrow . 
laundry , food & back to maloneeeeee . 
is back , exhausted , and has a lot to do . 
you know , i miss reading books that i actually want to read .. i have no time for my own reading . i'm gonna be a bookworm over christmas break for sure . 
has a very busy day ... work , a&p , psych , work , studying , and possibly making a dent in a paper or two . 
is going up to get some breakfast , possibly chapel , history , party in college experience , and then back for a bit . :) 
psych is cancelled .. work from 2:30 -5 , and then most likely studying and writing my english paper . 
has a paper to write . and then has to study for the two exams on friday . and then reeaallly has to study for the practical on monday . and then has to write two more papers for tuesday . yup , it's confirmed-no life this week or next . 
has two and a half of four pages for english .. guess i'm gonna be doing a lot in the morning :/ 
has history , work , english , studying , work , malone reads , and studying a lot . great . very busy day , here i come . 
FACT : it took me until college to learn the alphabet without having to say it each time to see which letter comes first . 
um , i would say tgif , but this friday stinks , and i have so much to do for monday and tuesday ... great . & to top it all off , i am running on an hour and a half of sleep , and cramming some more for these two exams . Lord , please give me strength to make it through the rest of the semester ... 
Thank you < PROPFEMALE > Nesser for informing me of the death of my brain cells due to not sleeping . :) 
died her hair :) and is studying for this stupid practical .. yuck . 
:( :( :( :( :( :( :( 
has one lab practical , two and a half papers , and four finals , aka eleven days until she gets to be done . yessssssss . 
it's snowing . and i just took my lab practical . it wasn't as hard as i thought it was going to be . but anyways , reading and writing papers all day , yay ! 
writing three papers and reading about a hundred pages along with work consume my life this evening . 
attempting to write papers in the lounge plus distractions equals getting nothing done .. do your paper < PROPFEMALE > Knight !!!! 
has two and a half out of three papers that are due tomorrow done - yay ! one more half of a paper and then I can sleep !!! :) :) :) 
is going to go to bed somewhat early tonight :) tomorrow i have classes , work , and then going christmas shopping with < PROPFIRST > Depew and < PROPFEMALE > Weaver :) 
is going to chipotle with < PROPFEMALE > Miller & < PROPFEMALE > Kandel , and then going thrifting with < PROPFEMALE > Nesser , and then going to work in admissions , and then going to u of akron to see < PROPFEMALE > Sutherland - what a fun evening :) 
Though the devil will ruin , though trials may come , let this blessed assurance control , that Christ has regarded my helpless estate , and He shed His own blood for my soul . It is well , it is well with my soul .. 
can I just say that I love < PROPFEMALE > Scalley ? :) 
just got back from the all night PWNED gamers retreat at skyview , definitely an amazing night to volunteer .. & going to bed now :) 
caught up on sleep after the all night PWNED gamers retreat at skyview ;) & can I mention that I love cuddling up in blankets and just laying there forever :) 
goodnight world .. when I awake , I will unfortunately be forced into studying my life away for the next two days .. if only Wednesday afternoon could come sooner ... 
is so excited that after finals are over I get to go home and get a physical about my arthritis and see if there's something better that can be done to help . 
study study study . 
so , I don't think that my history final will be as bad as I thought it would be .. hmmm , we'll see . 
nursing exam was not bad at all , now for history .. this one will be tough ... 
I'll be home tomorrow :) 
goodnessss , could this break come any sooner ? I want to live this eventful & exciting break nowww . it involves family , friends , fun , and skyview . yesssss . :) 
hey - did you know that at this time tomorrow I will be on break ? :) 
needs to get a bigger box to put all of her letters in .. it's too full ! 
has to pack , go to work , and then go home for the holidays ;) 
is packing up her car and then checking out in about an hour :) 
is homeeeee . 
has three and a half weeks of break ; consisting of some fun family times , good food , a great svr staff reunion at skyview ( yay , I get to see < PROPFEMALE > Childs ) , and a birthday soon to follow :) 
is pretty sure that she just learned how to knit a little :) 
loves getting really fun things in the mail from < PROPFEMALE > Childs that make me smile :) 
is in the process of making something very sweet and special for < PROPFEMALE > & < PROPFEMALE > :) 
is done with one of the two things that I am making to give to < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > ! yay - I get to see those two AMAZING ladies in sixxxx dayss ! :) :) :) :) :) :) :) 
Then the angel said to them , “Do not be afraid , for behold , I bring you good tidings of great joy which will be to all people . For there is born to you this day in the city of < PROPFIRST > a Savior , who is Christ the Lord . \ - < PROPMALE > 2:10 -11 :) :) :) < PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS !!!!! :) " 
is going to clean her room ... I mean , attempt . hahahaha . 
gets to see some pretty amazing people in about two and a half days . oh time , can't you go a little faster ? 
GETS TO SEE < PROPFEMALE > AND < PROPFEMALE > AND < PROPFEMALE > IN TWO DAYS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
definitely can't wait until tomorrow - could you come a little sooner ? :) 
might be going ice skating with some friends from high school , the only thing is , I can't ice skate due to my arthritis . so I guess I'll just chillax :) 
scratch that - due to the need for money to buy books for this semester , I will be devoting my life to children this evening .. at least I like to watch children :) 
running errands and around five I'm off to Skyview until Friday ! - yay I get to see myyyy best friends ! 
is so excited to rest my aching body .. I had so much fun with the 2010 SVR Summer team at reunion ! I love you all !! :) 
when my world is shaking , heaven stands , and when my heart is breaking , I never leave your hands .. your hands that shaped the world are holding me , they hold me still ... <3 
is ready to order books . deep breath ... being broke , here I come . 
GETS TO < PROPFEMALE > OUT WITH < PROPFEMALE > L . Heffern ALL DAY TOMORROW - WOOOHOOO !!!! :D :D :D :D :D :D 
absolutely positively loves < PROPFEMALE > L . Heffern .. and also giving funny/surprise calls to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Cummings and < PROPFEMALE > Childs ;) 
feels accomplished . I bought all of my books online today except for two , and I still have money left for the others plus some . Thank God for half.com :) 
my heart and my soul , I give you control .. consume me from the inside out , Lord <3 
beige :) 
is soooooooo excited . but shhhh , it's a SURPRISE !!!!!!! :) :) :) 
even the rocks cry out , even the heavens shout , at the sound of His Holy name ; so let every voice sing out , let every knee bow down , He is worthy of all our praise <3 
has a family birthday party & then heading back to school afterwards . yay :) 
is thinking that I have WAY too much stuff .... driving back to school at seven . 
so let the busy day begin .... 
does anyone wanna go to lunch anywhere from 12:30 - 1:45 ? then class and work againnnnn .. I can finally relax after 6 :) 
thanks for all the birthday wishes :) 
loves her two best friends ... they are truly amazing - I love you < PROPFEMALE > L . Heffern & < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Cummings !!!!! :) :) :) :) :) 
has stats at two , and then done for the day - yay , finally to my day where I'm done earlier than six ! :) 
oh man , one more day until the long weekend .... 
thanks for the birthday package < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Cummings - I love you :) 
has a headache , but atleast it's officially the long weekend for me .. 
is drinking tea not only because I love it , but because I have a sore throat .. boo :/ 
might possibly be going to see her besssttttt friend ( < PROPFEMALE > L . Heffern ) at IWU next weekend ( if everything works out ) ... maybe - lets hope so :) 
definitely had an amazing weekend with < PROPFIRST > Depew consisting of annoying squeeky gloves according to Bubbles ( < PROPFIRST > Childs ) , some folding for thee wonderful < PROPFEMALE > Childs , a confusing bed , and then some cheese , fudge , and jaw breakers to top it all off ;) 
my best friends are so crazy . both of them . jeeeez . they're nuts . I guess I'm right there with them though .... 
\Peace I leave with you ; my peace I give you . I do not give to you as the world gives . Do not let your hearts be troubled and do not be afraid . \ " < PROPFIRST > 14:27 " 
just wasted about an hour and a half of the night playing sardines with the girls in the dorm when I could have been catching up on so much ... living at school is priceless . :) 
loves getting mail from best friends - even if it's sometimes expected :) 
just woke up from an amazing nap . oh , how I love naps :) 
& < PROPFEMALE > Miller rearranged our room last night . It's pretty much 10x better than before :) 
definitely had an amazing weekend at skyview .. now can't wait until next weekend :) 
anyone else wanna come to Skyview with me this weekend ? I have room for one more :) 
Only You are worthy to receive all I can give , and only You are worthy to be the reason why I live , only You are worthy to be the object of my praise ; with a thankful heart , my empty hands I raise ... <3 
so ... psych quiz tomorrow .. yay . well , at least tomorrow is thursday .. which means it's one more day closer to getting away at skyview once again this weekend :) 
lunch with < PROPFEMALE > Kandel , class at one , studying for psych , dinner with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > at 4:20 , work 5-7 , and I believe a coffee date with the girls tonight .. and then one more day closer to this weekend :) 
psych until 4:15 , dinner with < PROPFIRST > , work until seven , and out for a coffee/tea night with the girls .. and skyview tomorrow night :) 
loves getting to talk to the three most amazing people all in one night .... :) 
even though we strive to make other people happy , and do whatever we can to achieve that , if we are continuously making others happy and never caring for ourselves , in the long run , we will never be happy ; sometimes , we just need to learn how to say no even though it's so hard for some of us to do ... 
and < PROPFEMALE > Miller do not look like any celebrities . Therefore , we cannot participate in Doppleganger week . 
oh man , can we just skip the weeks & go right to the weekends ?? 
one day down , three and a half to go . 
is very happy ! - bahahha . I love < PROPFEMALE > L . Heffern and < PROPFEMALE > Cummings :) 
has one psych quiz , one foundations of ministry test , a lot of work , and three and a half busy days left until the weekend . oh man . 
received a HUGE bag of < PROPFEMALE > from admissions for valentines day .. can you say .... sugar rush for the rest of the month !? 
has departmental chapel , one more class , and then a meeting with the stats group followed by tons of homework and some studying left before this day is overrr ! 
studying for my foundations of ministry test at 7:30 AM ; followed by some studying of the psychology of human development for my quiz , again followed with a meeting with my stats group . 
Dear < PROPFEMALE > Cummings and < PROPFEMALE > L . Heffern , I miss you tons . Can we please not live far away from each other ? 
hey thursday , you know you could end anytime now .... 
is hating the fact that it's going to snow A LOT tomorrow . boo :( 
gets to see Champaign Bounds , Lizzy Egbert , < PROPFEMALE > Hengst , and < PROPFEMALE > Childs this weekend ... yay :) 
is really ( x984373294 ) hating this weather and all of it's consequences . sun shine and warmth , please come home soon , i miss you . 
is , despite the fact that the weekend didn't go exactly as planned , having a ton of fun with the girls on dub 3 ( and < PROPFIRST > ) so far this weekend :) 
is exhausted in every way . 
is prone to slipping on ice , so malone , do you think just maybe you could do something about all of the icy sidewalks before I break a bone ? 
has a super strong addiction to peanut butter , socks , and giraffes . 
wants this inevitable winter blizzard to come already . 
wants this week to go faster , that way the weekend will come sooner ; and for the snow storms to stop .. 
just absolutely loves conversations that involve < PROPFEMALE > Ross :) 
does not regret staying up until 2:30 at all last night ; the fun with dub 3 north and < PROPFIRST > was absolutely priceless , even if I suffered through my morning of exhaustion :) And < PROPFEMALE > Miller- HAPPPY BIRTHDAY ROOOOMIEEE !!!!!! :) 
is preparing for next weeks tests ahead of time ( this NEVER happens ) because I know I will not accomplish anything this weekend while having tons fun :) 
slept in this morning .. oops :) 
went to red < PROPFIRST > with < PROPFEMALE > Kandel , < PROPFEMALE > Miller and her family for her birthday-one word : yum :) 
is finally off to skyview for the weekend :) 
When I don't fit in and I don’t feel like I belong anywhere , when I don’t measure up to much in this life , Oh , I’m a treasure in the arms of Christ ‘cause I’m forgiven , I’m forgiven , And I don’t have to < PROPFEMALE > , the weight of who I’ve been ' cause I’m forgiven .. <3 
Well the past is playing with my head , and failure knocks me down again , I'm reminded of the wrong that I have said and done and that devil just wont let me forget . In this life I know what I've been , but here in your arms I know what I am ; I'm forgiven , I'm forgiven and I dont have to < PROPFEMALE > the weight of who I've been ' cause I'm forgiven <3 
feels like the only reason time is going fast right now is because of this exam at three ; after about four , the rest of the week will go super slow . figures . 
dear < PROPFEMALE > Kandel , peanut butter and icecream ... really ?! I don't know if I can go without those two amazing things ! :/ 
starting tomorrow , I will not be eating peanut butter , ice cream , and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > and are limiting ourselves to checking/being on facebook once a day for no more than a half hour ... I think that I can handle it ... what do you think ? 
has almost completed day one of no peanut butter ( oh so tempting-especially the no bake cookies at lunch ) , ice cream , and limited facebook ( this is my first time on today :)) .. day two , here I come ... :) 
absolutely CANNOT wait until tomorrow .. can't you come a little faster ? 
gets to see a lot of her favorite people today : < PROPFEMALE > Cummings , < PROPFEMALE > Childs , Lizzy Egbert , < PROPFEMALE > Jannelle Wilcox , Champaign Bounds , and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > .. just to name a FEW - there's tons more , but there's a limit of six tags :) 
is off to skyview for the weekend :) 
just loves spending her weekends at svr in the presence of amazing people and God's absolutely BEAUTIFUL creation . 
is really excited for what I'm about to do .. but it's a secret , so not facebook worthy ;) 
yay for water main breaks in the morning ! 
gets by with a little help from her friends :) 
is SO ready for spring break ... too bad it's a whole nine days away :/ 
' s FACEBOOK VIDEO IS WORKING AGAINNNN !!!!!!!!! 
hey everyone guess what ! saturday is < PROPFEMALE > Childs birthday !!! it's almost here :) yayyyyyy :) 
is just pondering the fact that ohio has the most cities on the top most miserable cities in america-not only do i live in the ninth most miserable city at school , but i live right next to the eighteenth most miserable city at home . this is just great :) 
just wants it to stop snowing until after 7 :( 
just wanted to say once ( or more ) again : HAPPPPPYYY BIRTHDAY < PROPFEMALE > Childs !!!!!! :) :) :) 
really wants this headache , stuffy nose , sore throat , congestion , and sickness to go away . and then for my voice to come back of course . 
what happened to the salvation you claimed , it breaks my heart to see how much you've changed ... 
is thinking with everything that's planned this month , it's going to be super fast ... that's a good thing .... i think . 
thought that the stats midterm that I just took was going to be hard ... good thing it wasn't! 
has a bunch of frustrated girls in her room due to the ending of the bachelor . oh jeez ! bahahahahahahaha . 
will be on spring break in less than three full dayssssss ... I'm so in need a break from this schedule :/ 
can't wait to conquer her < PROPFIRST > bookshelf over some of spring break !! :) :) :) oh the joys of leisure reading :) 
would like to thank the sun for finally coming out and politely ask it not to go away :) 
WILLLL BE ON SPRING BREAK IN LESS THAN TWENTY-FOUR HOURS ! oh man , tomorrow's gonna be a slow one ... 
will be on spring break in approximately threeish hours . 
just loves ending with stats : outlier , SKEWED , tail end of distribution , oh mannnnn , highlight of my day .. < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Avanell Culp and < PROPMALE > Gee , you know what I'm talking about .... now for spring break :) :) :) 
has had an amazing kick off to spring break :) the sun , friends , church , shopping with frankie&skye , panera with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow , and skyview on tuesday .. man , it's perfect :) 
was just informed that i'm tagging along on my grandparents vacation to mexico for two weeks in december :) 
is going to panera with the amazing bffer , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Weber :) 
is FINALLY doing laundry , then going with thee little sib to get our eyes checked , then catching up on some homework ( over break-YUCK , so much for conquering that < PROPFIRST > bookshelf ) , and then to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE>'s house for the night ... this is a good week :) 
dear < PROPFEMALE > L . Heffern , did you know that I love you and I hope that you have a fantabulous day ?! :) 
had an amazing day with < PROPFEMALE > Page :) leaving for SVR tomorrow morningish :) 
loves being here , this place , this weather , spending time with these people ... i just love it :) 
loves the weather .. it just puts me in a brighter mood :) 
dear tomorrow , please go super slow :) 
is so thankful for being blessed with many things that I don't deserve ! 
is packing up for school ... spring break went so fast :/ 
has so much to do this week thanks to procrastination over spring break . 
my mailbox was fullll of non junk maillll ahhhhhh , this is now a gooooood day !!!!!! :) 
is alright with losing sleep because it's still light outside :) .. despite the chaos , today was a good day .. and a thank you to all who made it that way :) 
\how do you get them skinless(talking about almonds) ? \"- cayce ..... \ " skin themm ! \"- ashley :) :) " 
has tons of studying to do for the OT test tomorrow .. late night .. but that's ok , after that and a few hours of work are over , I get to chillax with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Avanell Culp until stats-how exciting :) 
loves getting fun mail from her friends :) 
has the next six semesters of my life planned out ... oh man . 
talking to three amazing ladies all in one night really made me start off on the right foot today .. it's a good day :) 
witnessed a game of swords in the quad , went on a fast food run , planned the next six semesters of my life with my advisor , went to see/hold one of the new baby lab rats with her , and made some fun plans for april with my aunt .. this is a good day , wait , scratch that-good week ... :) 
Good Afternoon all ! If you could please pray for my papa on my dad's side , he went in to surgery to get an anuerysm in his stomach out .. surgery was a success , and last I heard they were getting him ready for recovery around noon .. we're unsure about his salvation , but his pastor is there with him as well as my mom's parents , my papa's wife , and my brother .. I'll keep updating !! Thanks a ton ! 
had a really good day full of watching the dance competition and the cheesecake factory , along with the freezing city of < PROPMALE > . 
is finally going home to see my grandpa in the hospital . 
oh the joys of college & procrastination .. at least the paper is finally done :) now for the relaxation part of the night :) :) 
BBBBBBBBBBBAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH . enough said . 
is super happy .. yay for skyping with < PROPFEMALE > Garofalo !!! off to Nike Air Band :) :) :) 
african children's choir = amazing ;) 
oh my dear immune system , why must you decide that after exactly one month , you must crash again , especially during this week , of all the other weeks of the month ? 
is officially in love with splatter painting :) 
this war is pretty awesome :) 
' s life has consisted of watching the massive raid of videos from the SVR team , leaving videos , and skyping with < PROPFEMALE > Garofalo twice and < PROPFEMALE > Childs for a few minutes ( and trying to get < PROPFIRST > Childs to not be afraid of skype ! it didn't work ) .. life is good :) 
from a couple seconds to a couple minutes long , i have had tons of fun making videos with Champaign Bounds last night and today for the skyview staff :) 
\Praise be to the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ ! In his great mercy he has given us new birth into a living hope through the resurrection of Jesus Christ from the dead\ " -1 < PROPFIRST > 1:3 " 
had a good night sleeping under the stars until five am when we suddenly started feeling millions of rain drops falling on us and came in to sleep .. why is it that after three hours of sleeping under the stars i feel more refreshed than seven hours inside ?.. i just love the outdoors :) 
had peanut butter cup ice cream today . oh how i've missed thee . :) 
operation firey pink marshmellow : shaggy-doo segment with < PROPFIRST > bond and iron man .... four days away :) 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > ... There could be an epic accident on a swing . If you don't < PROPFEMALE > on , you're a gonner . 
Your name is matchless , Your name is priceless , Your name means more than i could know ; You're so far above me , the way that you love megoes further than any love could go .. <3 
loves the smell of spring rain :) 
bahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh :( 
\I'll still be writing papers in my grave .... \ " - Skylar Tillis " 
i just french braided my hair in less than 3 minutes . funny what you discover when you're rushed . :) 
watched my FAVORITE disney movie with nikki : the little mermaid .. i love that movie :) great thing to end the day with :) 
had , once again , an amazing night .. < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , Champaign Bounds , < PROPFEMALE > Childs , < PROPFIRST > Childs , and I had a bonfire with hot dogs and smores ... and it was hmm .. a quotable night :) and some stories were also basket worthy ... just saying ;) 
had an AMAZING time at the ranch this weekend .. I can't wait for summer ! ... and now instead of homework , skyping with < PROPFEMALE > Garofalo , woooohooo ! :) 
had a great time showing < PROPFIRST > Childs & < PROPFEMALE > Childs around Malone and taking them up to dinner ... Thanks for coming to visit guys ! Come back soon ! ;) 
has seven days of classes , seventeen days until the semester is over , nineteen days until I see < PROPFEMALE > L . Heffern , and thirty-nine days until I'm at skyview for the summer :) 
has an update : six days of classes , six finals , fourteen days until the end of the semester , sixteen days until i see < PROPFEMALE > L . Heffern , twenty-six days until i see < PROPFEMALE > Cummings , and thirty-six days until i go to skyview for the summer . :) 
was talked into getting a twitter by < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Avanell Culp 
doesn't want tomorrow evening to come :( 
is free of her bottom right wisdom tooth :) 
Dear < PROPFEMALE > Garofalo , thanks for making my nights great by skyping with me ... I can't wait to be in your presence :) 
has a lot of papers and work to do this weekend ... too bad I'm letting my social life get in the way of that . 
Dear < PROPFEMALE > Cummings , thanks so much for the care package . word on the street is that I'm gonna get sick over finals week because my roomie is sick ... and we all know how my immune system is ... so your package came at the right moment . I love it . I just love you . You're amazing :) 
issssss sooooo tireeeddddddd frommm thisss mmmedicationnnnn . bahhhhh . 
just wants to sleep more . 
has so much homework to do today . BAH ... goshhhh , thank you procrastination ;) 
has one paper , one journal , and a lot of reading to do ... at least it's a lot less than I started with today ... 
Will be home from school in one week :) :) :) 
it's times like these when having an umbrella on campus would come in handy ... 
Why yes , I do like tortillas with my peanut butter . 
Feels like there is a murderer on dub 3 .. Bahahahah well , we need to get the screams out before 23 hours of quiet :/ 
deep breath .... five days until < PROPFEMALE > Milliron comes to help me move out to go home !!! 
welp , it's time to break out the coffee and start studying for finals ... 
just , without thinking , wrote down the definition of arthritis on a notecard for psych ; as if i don't know what the disease that i have is . 
has a yogurt smoothie and is ready for cram session numero dos . 
has to prepare for day two of three of finals ( at least the only thing i have due tomorrow is a paper ) ... going home monday night !!! :) 
hates sharing five washers and dryers with 200 some girls . 
has A LOT of packing to do before tomorrow ... oh jeez . 
two fire alarms in one day ... well , thankfully there were puddles to jump in the second time with thee lovely < PROPFEMALE > Scalley :) 
is scared to start doing something productive because right when i get into it , the fire alarm will go off again . stupid obnoxious thing . 
is just going to go bed early instead of studying more like I should . 
is home from school now ... goodbye malone , hello summer :) 
gets to go see my beautiful amazing friend , < PROPFIRST > Stroud , at subway today and go shopping with her after she gets off ... oh how i've missed her beautiful face over the past few months ! :) 
is skyping with thee beautiful < PROPFEMALE > Garofalo ... and attempting to organize ... righttttt . 
is going to babysit some pretty cute kids throughout this afternoon and evening and then off to SVR to help out with the men's retreat ... wooohoooo :) 
i'm struggling to stay awake - oh no ! i guess this is what lack of sleep gets you ... atleast i'm used to it , it's only gonna continue ! :) 
sssssssssssttttttttttttoooooooooorrrrrrrrrmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmyyyyY ! 
is laughing at < PROPFEMALE > Garofalo . 
needs to dye her hair again ... anyone wanna help ? 
is just realizing that I NOW HAVE TIME TO LEISURE READ !!!! :) :) :) ... just as soon as I'm done going through all of my stuff and getting rid of things that is ... 
is distracting < PROPFEMALE > Garofalo from studying ... since you obviously can't skype and study at the same time ... it's impossible , i've tried :) 
out shopping with fwankie :) 
always finds a project to do when i'm home ... and i can't wait to finish my next one .. so this is why i never finish the books that i wanna read :) 
food & church with < PROPFIRST > :) 
has so much to do before noon ... let's see , sleep for a few hours , clean as much as i can for my mom , pack , get ready , and drive to < PROPFEMALE>'s for the weekend ... here we go ... starting NOW :) 
is indulging herself in a law and order svu marathon , oh how i've missed them :) 
it's pretty sad that i come home and i STILL have to scrounge around for food . 
is going to babysit two well behaved perfect children ... that was sarcasm . 
going out to lunch with thee bffer at panera , and finishing this amazing book afterwards hopefully ! ( letters to God ) :) 
can't wait to finish the book that I'm reading ... it's a tear jerker .. \Letters to God \"" 
my ear hurts ... yay for cartilage piercing ... anyways , less than 2 days until i get to be with < PROPFEMALE > Garofalo :) 
< PROPFEMALE > Garofalo , I'm not the keeper of all knowledge , I don't know everything . As much as you may wish I did , I do not . End of story ;) 
has so much to do in so LITTLE time ... my life story . haha . 
is off to skyview with a pitt stop at chipotle :) 
good night at svr with some of the summer staff .. so happy to be here early :D 
is home from a busy weekend at SVR , and while I'm home , although it may seem like I don't like them , I'm going to enjoy some family time in between packing and running around ... and most likely use my last two days home wisely by sleeping in for the last time until August .. headed back to SVR for the summer on Wednesday :D 
took a three hour nap after the fellowship dinner with < PROPFIRST > instead of packing or doing laundry ... oh well , that's just more for me to cram in within the next two days ... oh boy , let the busyness begin :) 
my brother is screaming at me and throwing things around because it's supposively my fault that he broke his phone and there's no old phones that we have ... alright , < PROPFIRST > , thanks to you , i can't wait to get out of here . 
just stop fighting . just stop it with the\ 
temper . just stop screaming . just stop thinking that the world revolves around you . stop\ 
blaming everyone else . stop . stop . stop . stop . stop . please . 
packing for skyview :D 
momma got us all new phones :) 
packing up and heading out to SVR :) 
is having fun at SVR ... most definitely ;D 
Wooo program directors built a fireeeeeeeee :) 
has reached the end of another wonderful day at SVR . I'm excited for another beautiful day tomorrow , but also very excited to take advantage of the rest I can get before summer camp actually starts ;) 
had a beyond great evening .. from swimming in the pond to just chillaxin .. a big thank you < PROPFEMALE > Childs and your family for letting me < PROPFEMALE > out with you :D 
is learning how to make camptrak babies thanks to < PROPFEMALE > Childs :D 
is so so so thankful for everything that the Lord has blessed me with ! I'm praying for some peace and strength mentally as my mind is racing through the hours . 
wooo God is great :) FIRST WEEK OF SUMMER CAMP TOMORROW ! :) 
is praising the Lord for the thirty-nine salvations here at SVR so far this summer !!! :D 
loves hanging out ... wait ... just loves the high school support staff ( plus < PROPFIRST > Childs , < PROPFEMALE > Childs , and < PROPFEMALE > Cummings) !!! :) :) :) :) 
has a reallly sore throat , but is definitely glorifying God for the amazing week and all of the spiritual decisions made this week by the campers and everything He is teaching me through these campers :) 
SEVENTY-NINE SALVATIONS :) 
is burnt and crispy :) oh well , it was a great day boating with some of the high school staff . for sure :) 
WOOOOOOOOO , praise God for 108 salvations so far this summer , and many spiritual decisions by amazing campers ! I just love campers so so so much :) :) 
needs to sew a hole in my jeans . but i have no thread , no needle , and no time ... boooooo .. but on the upside , CAMPERS ARE COMING TOMORROWWWW !! :) 
took a good nap . :) 
it's already over ? 
loves the fact that my mother tells me to clean my room in this sequence : turns on hoarding : buried alive , and tells me this always makes her wanna clean , it will help you clean your room . 
fifteen and a half days until i move back to MALONE ! I can't wait to see my long lost friends !!! :) 
is realizing the extent of everything i have to do in 2 weeks minus the weekends ... let the craziness begin :) 
yipeeeee ! our air conditioning is working again ! no more sweating profusely ! :D 
just can't stay away from SVR ... let the weekends volunteering at skyview begin once again ;) 
oh how i love < ending up pointless but amazing time well spent > adventures :) and < PROPFEMALE > Childs of course , and being at skyview :D it's a great weekend ;) 
had a good evening watching bedtime stories with < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > :) oh and who could forget whale wars before that ? ;) 
Today is a good day :) 
has had a splendid time at skyview this week , thanks to all the full time staff for making me feel welcome :) 
had a great time volunteering at SVR ( of course ) , but I'm looking forward to a couple days at home with my mom & family , and most definitely excited about heading off to Malone on Tuesday :) 
Here's my heart , oh take and seal it , seal it for thy courts above ... <3 
malone malone malone malone malone malone ... tomorrow !! :) 
& my mommy are gonna watch a movie together .. and then tomorrow at 10:30 we are headed to Canton , getting lunch together , and then moving back to dub 3 ... malone malone malone , yay ! :D 
is getting ready to head to Canton to get lunch with my mommy and then move into malone malone malone malone :D :) 
is having a coffee date in my room with my mommy , and then headed to dinner at malone .. oh how i've missed my home :) 
oh how I've missed < PROPFEMALE > Scalley so much .. it's great to be reunited with everyone :D 
my fridge is working ! YAY :) 
today was beyond great . oh how I love malone AND my friends :) :) 
may or may not have made the first bad decision of the year ... and it really hasn't even started yet ... ahem , asssshley , < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPFEMALE > .... and on top of that , yes , I had 4 cookies tonight ... starting off just right ... ;) 
doesn't have any pretty construction paper here ... grrrr , I hate forgetting things at home ! :( 
nothing like going to watch Toy Story 3 at the Palace with a theatre full of college kids :) 
will be off to the main event in a bit .. wooohoooo :) 
enjoyed the Main Event .. excited to go to New Pointe tomorrow with Skylar and < PROPFEMALE > ! :) It will be a great morning followed by an absolutely splended afternoon ! :) 
has had an amazing last day of freedom so far :) 
i love < PROPFIRST > Depew !!!!!!! a lot . 
has had a pretty smooth day so far .. let's hope it stays that way :) 
Is definitely loving my evangelism of youth class . What a great way to end the day . I'm so pumped :) 
Ohhh malone convocation chapel ..... 
thinks it's crazy how many emails can compile in an inbox in less than 7 hours . 
' s vocabulary is expanding thanks to the < PROPMALE > of psychology :) 
has all the reading she is doing tonight done and it's only 10 ... there's something wrong here . 
not to rush this month or anything , but 27 long days until I get to see my amazing , beautiful , and smart psychologist who gets inside your mind but makes sure to restore it before she's done talking to you ( she admitted ! ) , aunt , < PROPFEMALE > Marshall-Wilson ! :) :) 
just tie-dyed a shirt at the annual SAC tie-dying .. it turned out good so far .. we'll see after it dries . :) going to a dollar movie with Cayce Hanalei & < PROPFIRST > Depew .. wooo for the weekends @ malone ! :) 
I've missed my friends so much . It's the nights like this that make me laugh until i cry :) 
I love my mom . She's such a goofball :) 
reading for the rest of the day , hoping to get most of it done in order to chillax some tonight :) 
just got attacked by wind and rain through my window , even my posters and bed got wet ... figures that this side of the hall would get that wind gust . 
is finishing up a paper , therefore , should get off facebook .. oh college , what about you makes me wanna be on facebook more than any other time or place ? 
is finally done with classes for today ... and gets to sleep in later than usual tomorrow ... now for hanging out with dub 3ers ... yay , best part of the day ! 
wants to dye her hair again ... any ideas ? 
is so excited for what God is going to teach me this year . It's going to be great . :) 
' s joints hurt really bad today ... I don't know what was up ... oh well .. I'm totally pumped for this weekend ! < PROPFEMALE > Scalley is on duty so we're going to chillax with her this weekend !! Wooooohooooo :) I love weekends at college :) 
Went to new pointe of louisville for church this morning :) good service ! I love church . 
is enjoying this day , and it will just hopefully keep getting better :) 
is happy that the cafeteria has had good apples for the past two days . they were good enough that i brought one back to eat now . hooray for good apples & peanut butter :) 
Your name is a strong & mighty tower , Your name is like a shelter like no other , Your name , let the nations sing it louder , for nothing has the power to save like Your name . 
loves fruit snacks from Keirsten Finnicum & < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Brothers . :) 
Is thinking about my amazing & very missed dad on his birthday . 
Football game with some lovely friends :) 
had a really good afternoon .. Malone football with amazing friends and a lovely Saturday afternoon nap . Now for the homework ... 
Sunday afternoon nap ? I think yes . 
is being creative and crafty this evening .. good thing I studied the rest of the weekend :) 
so , malone ... this is what other cultures do ...? 
loves being a backup dancer for < PROPFIRST > Depew and Cayce Hanalei .. it's great ... well , I'm off to bed and then studying like crazy tomorrow .. 
loves the smell of rain and thinks during a thunderstorm is the perfect time to study . :) 
doesn't like how studying takes up so much time and I don't feel like I get anything accomplished ... 
studying until two in the morning ... not too bad . now let's just hope i can wake up in a few hours ... 
is really starting to despise the many different interpretations of the scientific method . 
is going to take my research exam ... oh < PROPMALE > .. then back to write papers and study before this weekend ... 
thinks the davenport derby was absolutely amazing , and it was also followed with some fun friends moments .. those are the best :) 
Hates when my body is exhausted :( 
thinks the worst part about having to write a paper are the first couple sentences ... :/ 
is on to < PROPFEMALE > five .. is the paper good ? probably not , but there will be a LOT of editing tomorrow and monday ... 
Is so sad when people are so pessimistic :( 
Me -\you could always play frogger across 62 .... \ " sky -\" But there's no 3 lives ...... \ " :) " 
loves hot tea , journaling , and Bible reading before bed :) 
I have a huge booger in my hair . Debating whether or not i should eat it ? 
Ohhh sammm . Thankyou for texting that wonderful status to my facebook . 
would like to thank < PROPFEMALE > Nesser for making me coffee this morning . Wouldn't be able to stay awake if it weren't for that addiction ... :) 
my left eye is sick ... boo :( 
today would be the day that I get a throbbing headache , stomach ache , and not be able to eat :( 
is officially scared of the doctors office waiting room . 
Tobymac and third day concert in my wonderful hometown .... :) 
has a crooked left foot ! 
thinks that a pumpkin spice latte and being at starbucks makes doing homework just a little better ... :) 
is really enjoying < PROPFIRST > Depew on caffeine ; she just stepped outside of starbucks with Skylar Tillis to have a dance party while Cayce Hanalei and I keep doing homework ... :) 
when my world is shaking , heaven stands , when my heart is breaking , I never leave your hands . your hands , your hands that shaped the world are holding me , they hold me still . 
loves comfy couches and mini naps . 
loves < PROPFEMALE > Scalley . A lot . :) 
has had two pretty good days in a row .. I went without facebook and my cell phone yesterday ( so good ) AND a found out that I got a 98.25% on my research exam .. and today I received some pretty good mail :) 
just went to red < PROPFIRST > with Cayce Hanalei and < PROPFIRST > Depew ... I guess we're just against exploring new places ... :) 
Is watching the first part of the long pride and prejudice with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > :) 
loves her best friend < PROPFEMALE > Cummings with all her heart ! :) 
bbbbreatttthhhheeeee ... 
has become the official plant babysitter for < PROPFIRST > Depew , < PROPFEMALE > Kandel , Cayce Hanalei , and Skylar Tillis :) 
is really thankful for dub 3 & the stress relieving nights like tonight ... :) 
is running on two hours of sleep and a venti pumpkin spice latte .. and going on round two of sleep deprivation . homecoming & ihop with the lovely girls :) 
is enjoying a yummy bowl of broccoli and cheese soup thanks to my lovely mother .. she sends me back to school with lots of good things :) 
is so ready for fall break . 
really enjoyed the visit from < PROPFEMALE > Childs and < PROPFEMALE > Hales ( and < PROPFEMALE > ) today !! They're AMAZING ! :) 
gets to go home for fall break tomorrow !!! :) 
has one more hour until a long weekend --> this is going to be a great weekend of rest . 
is going to clean my room and do laundry tonight so that I can head home in the morning :) yay for fall break ! :) 
is going to get ready to go home , going home , and then going to the hospital to get bloodwork and xrays ... woohoo . 
wants to personally thank her family for the curse of very < PROPFEMALE > veins ... haha . 
bbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh 
has battle wounds ( bruises ) on my arm and hand from the blood test yesterday ! hahaha that's the best part :) 
is wrapped in God's big arms and He's taking care of me :) 
wants to declare her love for < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > and Grace Matzek via facebook status update . Even though I am deprived of sleep , hanging out with you was totally worth it . :) 
Attention everyone : skylar just won the anberlin tickets . Shes gonna be in a great mood today :) yay ! 
is going to South Africa - I'm so freaking excited . 
loves how little saints night decorating craziness comes together so well in just a little period of time :) 
has so much school work to do in the next couple of weeks ... oh goodness . 
wants to be excited for Christmas like everyone else , but whenever I think about that , I think about how many big tests , papers , and finals I have to accomplish before that ... 
is in a jazzy music mood . I love it :) 
Grace Matzek \I loveeeeeee my sinkkkkkkkkk\ " ( with passion) ! " 
SNOW . 
has a new home for my mattress - < PROPFIRST > Depew and Cayce Hanalei's floor . 
is making a really bad academic choice by going to sleep early tonight ... I'll regret this decision tomorrow night . 
is making another poor academic choice ... basketball game and then studying allllll night . hahaha gotta love those decisions ! :) 
has reached the point in the semester where everything that I have to do officially does not exceed one post-it note ... bring on the paper writing . 
mixed with < PROPFIRST > Depew and < PROPFEMALE > Scalley are the worst combination of gift shoppers ever/very INdecisive shopping group . EVER . 
is headed to see < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > get married this afternoon with a group of super awesome girls :) 
wishes that I would have looked at the details of this paper before right now ... I'm about to crank out 4-8 pages over the course of tonight ... gotta love the mixture of procrastination and school work . 
is really wet . 
doesn't think this paper will be as bad as I worked it up to be . Thank goodness . Although , tomorrow afternoon my life will consist of writing it . 
ate taco < PROPFEMALE > in Starbucks and is drinking a hazelnut latte ... best way to write a paper :) 
will know of nothing else other than ADHD and the computer keyboard tomorrow night ... yippee . 
HATES research papers . it's official . and I'm going to admit to it . 
only has 2 pages left of her research paper !!! yayyyyy - then I can get excited for break !!! :) :) :) 
is so happy to have this paper done ... now all that I have to do is proofread/fix it at work tomorrow morning :) 
is home for break ... finally . :) 
really enjoys the fact that my dog , < PROPFEMALE > , can lift up the toilet seat when she wants a drink . 
is enjoying my first cup of hot chocolate of the season :) 
is ready for the annual Thanksgiving evening nap . :) 
spent some quality time with my little brother and went to lunch at the hot dog shop , came to Starbucks and is about done with one of my papers , and is going to spend some quality time with my mommy shopping tonight ... this is the best day of break ... :) 
is watching OSU kick some < PROPMALE > butt :) 
wants to make no bakes and bring them back to school ... but ... then I will want to eat them all ... and that's not good . 
really enjoys apple juice . 
is starting my soc research paper ... it's due at 11 AM :) 
Doesn't know why my knee is prohibiting me to walk without hurting since last night :( 
is in knitting mood again ... :) 
and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > do not need to go ice skating ... we have Malone's sidewalks for that ... 
is very excited about the 96/100 on my psych term paper ! :) 
christmas at malone :) 
got done with her scarf tonight !!! :) 
loves my friends :) ... I'm headed in to an afternoon full of homework , < PROPMALE > potter , and creativity/craftyness :) 
just had a really good nap with < PROPFEMALE > Scalley . 
is really thankful for < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > Miller in her life . 
just loves the snooze button oh so much . 
... arts and crafts is all I need , I'll take calligraphy and then I'll make a fake degree . 
is really happy that I have no obligation or want to drive tonight ... it's a little riskayyy out there ... 
has a love hate relationship with college . 
hopes her momma has a very happy birthday today !!! :) ... one final down , two to go ... 
thinks it's pretty sad when the cold water coming out of my sink is a lot warmer than my room ... 
is done with semester numero tres . :) 
is so ready for this life of usa , hgtv , food network , friends , knitting , reading , family , and sleep ... :) 
has one scarf down ... six to go :) 
is just as cold at home as in my room ... that's unfortunate . 
my break has been full of sleep , reading , knitting , and cake boss ... it's wonderful <3 
is thinking about cleaning/organizing my room .... I'm in one of those moods .... followed by some hot tea and a book . 
gets to see missed family this weekend and then some VERY loved and missed friends next week at reunion ! ah ... I'm so thankful for this time with friends and family :) 
is my mom's slave for wrapping presents ... oh the joys of Christmas < PROPFEMALE > ! :) 
is wishing the Facebook world a VERY < PROPFEMALE > Christmas :) 
has been up for over 17 hours now socializing , opening gifts , and celebrating the birth of our Savior ... but now it's time to sleep ... for a long time :) 
is going out to Red Lobster with the little brother , < PROPFIRST > Milliron , and then babysitting later :) 
reunion is within arms reach !!! :) 
has two days until I get to be reunited with some amazing friends ... so soon ... :) 
48 hours ... :) 
is so close to being done with scarf number 3/7 ... :) 
is so excited for tomorrow ! 2010 SVR Summer Staff Reunion here we come :) 
is cleaning and then packing ... and then some errands ... and then off to the 2010 SVR Summer Staff Reunion !! Wooohooo :) :) :) 
is so excited to see my best-est friends in one week . 
is spending the lovely day with my amazing grandparents <3 
will be reunited with my best-est friends in five days ... I can't contain my excitement . Now that my brother is back in school and my mom is working , I'm happy that being back with Dub 3 is within arm's reach ! 
is headed home from < PROPFEMALE>'s tomorrow mid-morning and will be spending some last minute time with some friends and getting ready to head back to school early Sunday afternoon ... :) 
is sad looking at my bank account after ordering books the other day ... 
has been learning a whole new kind of < PROPFEMALE > over the past couple months . 
is going to get an oil change , and then going to lunch with < PROPFEMALE > Linert , and then just chillaxin with some family ! Can't wait to see my best-est friends tomorrow ! :D 
just wants to sleep ... simply because this will be my last opportunity to take a nap without having something to do for a very long time ... hmm . 
has decided to catch up with Grey's Anatomy on my last night of break ... :) 
is getting ready to go back to school today and see my best-est friends !!! :) 
is done unpacking all of my stuff . phew . that was an adventure . now I'm spending time with my best-est friends ... woohoo ! :D 
goodbye break , hello busy semester ... 
has figured out that I better learn how to make decisions and quit being so indecisive ... because I'm being flooded with them one after another ... oh man . 
is super thankful for all of the really encouraging birthday wishes on my wall ... Thanks to everyone !! :) 
would just like to thank whoever sent me this giraffe mug ... it is so cute ! I love it ... and you should sooo tell me if you sent it ! :) 
is very thankful for hot tea , cough drops , and netflix on nights like these . 
black & yellow , black & yellow , black & yellow , black & yellow :) 
[ insert evil laugh here ] ;) 
my friends are talking to their plants .... because it's supposed to help them grow ..... hahahhahahaaha 
has thoroughly enjoyed my weekend ... now for the crazy week ahead ... like usual :) 
got packages in the mail from my grandparents , < PROPFEMALE > Marshall- < PROPMALE > & < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , and < PROPFEMALE > Childs today ! Yay ! Thank youuuu !!! :D 
is so thankful for the encouraging words of close friends in times of freak out . 
is very thankful . 
should probably rest this restless mind of mine and prepare it for a morning/afternoon full of reading/homework tomorrow . 
really does love < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > . 
If our God is for us , then who could ever stop us , and if our God is with us , then what could stand against ... <3 
nothing like the good ' ole fire alarm going off past midnight when it's negative degree weather ... oh joy . 
heard Rise and Sing during worship last night and thought of the amazing 2010 Skyview Ranch Summer Team and got sooo excited for being on the 2011 Skyview Ranch Summer Team !!! 
vacated the third floor in order to get my homework done ... 
is thankful for < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE>'s encouragement , I got a letter from her in the mail ! Woohoo ! :) 
TGIF . 
henna + facials + popcorn + nail polish + friday night + music = a really fun party with the lovely ladies of dub 3 north . 
had an amazing time at That Thing this weekend with Flipd ! :) 
really does love canceled class . 
has come to the conclusion that < PROPFIRST > Wagner is not just crazy , but insane ... well , that makes two of us . :) 
I never thought that I would ever see the day that Malone canceled classes ... I'm really excited . SNOOOWWW DAYYYY :) 
got everything accomplished that absolutely needed to be done by the end of the week ... now for that test on Monday ... 
hates technology . with a passion .... ok , so maybe it's ok sometimes ... but not when it doesn't work right . 
wants Usher back ... rather than the Black Eyed Peas . 
just really loves the super bowl commercials ... my two favorites are the darth vader volkswagon & the beaver bridgestone ones . :) 
was really encouraged by the letter from < PROPFEMALE > Joy Lantz and the colored giraffe < PROPFEMALE > from < PROPFEMALE > Miller and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Long today :) I cannot wait to serve with them all summer :) 
has five exams and a paper to do in the next 10 days ... hello heaviest week of the semester . 
is about to head off to the Poland Fundraiser !! You should come ! 
has less than a week left of ACADEMIC CRAZINESS ! Wednesday can't come soon enough ... 
Even though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death , Your perfect love is casting out fear ; And even when I'm caught in the middle of the storms of this life , I won't turn back , I know You are near . 
is so sad .. why does it hurt so much to swallow ... and breathe ... and eat ... and talk ?! :( 
doesn't like this whole strep throat thing ... :( 
is really excited that I can have my window open without freezing .. :) 
is officially in love with the vanilla rooibos tea from starbucks :) 
is also really thankful for the people that have been taking care of me while I've been sick ... you're all amazing :) 
is going to Jubileeeeeeeeeee with my friends tomorrow !! yayyyyy :) 
had such a good time at Jubilee . But I am SO exhausted ... and could probably sleep for a couple days at least . 
is thankful for the surgeon , < PROPFEMALE > Miller , and the assistant , < PROPFIRST > Depew for the surgery performed on my ear this evening ... where would I be without you both ....? I love you two :) 
eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeppp ! 
:/ 
is very thankful that my grandpa is in Heaven with his creator . 
hates cough syrup ... but unfortunately I would rather suffer the taste of cough syrup than cough up a lung ... 
has had a pretty eventful night ... thank goodness for AAA and < PROPFIRST > Wagner ! 
has had some pretty successful adventures ... go to IKEA for the first time ( and spend less than $15 on 7 items ) , check . go to Dayton for the first time , check . go to Cincinnati for the first time , check . go over the bridge over the Ohio river randomly to Kentucky and take random pictures , check . try Skyline Chili , check . go to Krogers , check . I'd say this is a pretty successful spring break :) 
phew .. three hours left until we get to ashleys house ... woo . then 2 hours back to ohio bright and early ... i will not drive or ride for another long distance for a while , that's for sure . 
cincinnati , check . kentucky , check . dayton , check . < PROPMALE > , check . bubble tea , check . fall in love with north market , check . ikea , check . pennsylvania , check . new york , check . homwork , uh half of it , check . wonderful friends , check . awesome spring break , check . rest , oh yeah ... I forgot . crap . 
is going to work on a speech , hit dinner , and then go listen to the beautiful voice of JJ Heller once again today :) 
is so disorganized and messy and stressed and sick and busy ... there's just not a lot of time for anything ... ohhh goodness . 
is going to start to ween myself off of sugars and carbohydrates this coming week :( 
has another plant potted ! woooo ! :) 
thinks back to the point last semester when all the things that I had to do fit on a post it note ... and can't believe that it's already that time this semester ... too bad most of the things on that post it are big projects/tests/papers ! oh jeez . on the bright side , once this post it note is completely scratched off , I will be getting ready to leave the country . :) 
was refreshed during a crazy time in the semester with an oovoo video chat with some pretty amazing people : < PROPFEMALE > Erikson , < PROPFEMALE > Joy Lantz , < PROPMALE > Lantz , and < PROPFEMALE > Miller !!! :D 
has been waiting for Nike Air Band -- 2011 for a while now ... and it's gonna be frickin ' awesome ! woo ! :) 
has had a day consisting of back to the future and homework .. and my night consists of homework ... oh the joys of this part of the semester . 
is getting closer to the amount I need for South Africa/Botswana !! 
well , I think four pages is good enough for one night ... maybe I'll crank out another two ... 
is very thankful that < PROPFEMALE > Ridenour shares a giraffe obsession with me ... everyone else just doesn't understand ... 
I thoroughly enjoy watching zombie attacks after class . Thank you humans vs . zombies . 
had a really good weekend ... mystery road trip with friends , paper writing , random spaghetti dinner at an awkward small church we've never been to with Skylar Tillis , < PROPFIRST > Depew , & < PROPFEMALE > Nesser , and a really fun all nighter with the Flipd girls .. I'd say it's been a pretty successful weekend ... now for a nap and finishing papers . 
dub 3's bathroom is officially up and running . woohoo ! 
eeep ! I love thunderstorms !!! :) 
is going to bed early because I need a mental break . my brain is fried to the crisp . 
leaves for South Africa in exactly one month ... today . :) 
had a really nice day ... breakfast , catching up , horseback riding at skyview with the lovely ladies of dub3 , chillaxing night at muggswigz , and then a nice chick flick with friends to top of the evening :) 
oh how I have missed spending afternoons out in the quad :) 
Cayce Hanalei is the best person EVUR 
constantly wonders how a jelly bean could taste so bad ... where do you get these ideas jelly belly and who is your taste taster !? 
really enjoys watching Assassins take place in Heritage . 
South Africa/Botswana just became so much more real . 3 weeks ! 
is officially paid and going to South Africa/Botswana in less than 3 weeks . Score . 
found an app on my ipod today that lets me take care of a giraffe . I get to play patty-cake with it , too ! Maybe this will entertain me for the first hour of many on that plane ride to Africa :) 
is going to reward myself after I get done with paper 1/2 tonight with starting the cleaning process of my room ... it's sad that I think cleaning is a reward . 
< PROPFIRST > Depew , Skylar Tillis & I are pulling a late nighter ... possibly all . 3 pages done , 7 to go ! bring it on , youth ministry ! 
likes the whole idea about two care packages in one week :) 
is officially able to say that I leave for South Africa/Botswana not this Thursday , but next Thursday . WOW . 
likes that Easter was right before finals week ... so much sugar to consume for energy for studying/paper writing processes . 
is about to kick spring semester in the butt today ! 
Quote of the night : < PROPFIRST > Depew \What if your children don't like reading ? ... loooong pauseee ... < PROPFEMALE > Case : \ " Oh my gosh . I don't want to be a mother ... \ " momentary freak out . " 
is really excited that I will be on my way to South Africa in a week ! :) 
oh hey summer , where did you come from ? 
was welcomed home after a week of crazy finals and a fun time volunteering at the Ranch by a wonderful letter from < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > . I love you ! :) 
has three and a half short ( but so long ) days until I'm on my way to Africa ! 
has a day and a half until we leave for Africa !!! :) :) :) 
leaves for Africa tomorrow !! :) 
