Watching Home Alone 2 . Plan to goto bed soon . 

Afternoon has Arrived , thinking about playing computer games 
Just took loads of myPersonality Tests , all seemed very accurate 
Need a Shower , have to go to chiro in three hours 
Mornings can always be a hasle 
fullfilling day it has been 
Those in Groveport < PROPFEMALE > ( network ) please confirm me , I have added serveral people but still not yet confirmed . 
I felt like crap all day , hopefully i feel better tomorrow . Good night . 
Just got grams work's floor done , just got to let it dry . Then back home to clean some more . 
Sunday is over , monday is coming . the week is starting , or is it ending ? 
School , the place i rather be , interesting thought isn't it . 
Late buses gotta love it . 15 < PROPFEMALE > late to stop , and we are waiting for another bus at eastland . 
I Wonder if the bus will be 15 < PROPFEMALE > late again . 
school once again , love the the half hour it takes me to get ready 
Long bus ride home , might fall asleep . 
Reveling my heart 
Time for bed , the clippers lost 8 to nothing . 
Had meatballs and garlic fries for lunch . 
Two hours till i have to catch the bus 
today starts yet another day , school is hours away , life is never ending , what will happen today ? 
Life continues as more challenges present themselves , What you do at that time shall stay with you for the rest of your life . 
Got my school laptop , added a real profile picture , and many other things 
Take what life throws at you , stop complaining , enjoy what you have and be happy every day ! 
When I am inspired , I write , when I write , I am creative , when i am creative , I knowledgeable , and when i am knowledgeable I am inspired . oh look a circle :D 
Life is filled with wonders , there are new experiences to enjoy every day , though how you enjoy them is completely up to you . 
aaahhh , i cant come up with anything creative , or inspirational today . I suppose there will be days like that . it could be because i have a lot on my mind . 
The world keeps spinning , nothing will stop the world as time will never end . Life may end but not time , time is just a way we view life and we should < PROPFEMALE > every minute of it . 
Cant wait till this starts 
Whats the big deal about birthdays , you will never see that happy grin on your parents face when you were born . When you get older they just seem to push you away , so whats the big deal about birthdays . It is never the same twice . 
almost time to start 
I love Hells Kitchen 
this count as chat even though we are not on ustream 
gtfo then 
do like < PROPMALE > 
HELLS ITCHEN 
i am tired of people bitching about the webcast , if it is that annoying/boring what ever , then just gtfo 
interesting thought ( #FoxFallParty live at http://ustre.am/nhRh ) 
I am inspired , I must write . Read my notes , I don't post to many but man they take a lot of time when i do write them lol . 
Inspiration , always unexpected , always thoughtful , always meaningful , but is it worth the wait ? 
Inspiration is never the same , you may be inspired to wirte , but it is never the same topic . Inspiration comes in many forms , all of which are unexpected . I need inspiration , I want to write , but I have no inspiration for a good topic . I am accepting offers though , and who knows maybe there be a day i am inspired once again . 
I hope this week is interesting , I am tired of doing the same stuff over and over and over and over and over ...... Maybe i can get lucky ! 
I was finally inspired , check out my longest note yet . Once inspiration hits , it can last a while . Life is filled with surprises , make them work for you . :D 
Today will be a sad day , We may be putting my 15 year old cat down :( 
Already Tuesday , who knows what will happen , I wish i knew what to expect , i may enjoy some surprises but most are just to much and you never know what will happen . I hope today is a good day . 
First day of a long weekend , I will be going to see a movie later today , but that doesn't mean i wont be board the rest of the day . I hope i can keep my self busy for some time . 
I slept all morning , but I was gone all afternoon . < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > , was great . I had great day , but tomorrow i have no plans , so it may be a boring day . 
School burns ...... The long weekend is finally over . I can still hope for a good day 
A bit tired , having a Cappuccino right now , don't know how much it is helping , but it is keeping me warm . Tuesday is at the beginner of a week that seems to never end . Though mornings are always like that , once school starts the day will fly by .... I hope 
the weekend is over , and has left me sore , although it was good , it has left me injured . I hope that the pain is tolerable during school , as it still hurts to move my arms , but playing football will do that to you . Live life and enjoy every minute you are given . I may be in pain , but i had a good time . 
Wow , I expected rain today , but nothing that would shut down my transportation home . A tornado warning kept us at school , and then groveport busing was locked down so that kept me at school even longer . It was a very interesting day thus far , hope my class at DeVry is decent and works out okay . 
I have my college class tonight , I hope it will be entertaining , I really enjoyed it last week . Also my lab teacher is allowing my to work ahead , so I am really excited . 
Today's visitation was great , we had several people interested in computer support . Many were also shocked by our security demonstration . Cant wait for tomorrow . 
oday was another good visitation session , instead of shocking reactions from the security demonstration we had embarrassment reactions . I hope that the security demonstration is used again next year . 
today has been a good day , finally got to < PROPFEMALE > out with an old friend . 
SNOW !!! the ironic thing is that it is the first day of December , and my mom said she wanted it to snow . Snow is always fun . 
am a free man tonight , I don't even have to pick up my sister today . I can literately stay here and stay warm . I wish it to snow all night starting now !! 
Today is the last day before Winter Break !! We are going to party all day at school :D 
Thinking about playing < PROPFIRST > Party with my six year old sister 
