I'm feeling blue right now . I try to avoid drama at all\ 
costs , but an act of concern for one of my cousins turned into a situation that\ 
didn't need to happen . I stand by my decision to express concerns , because she’s\ 
not old enough to voice her own concerns , but why is family so complicated ? \ 
Adults can protect their own well being and children can't . I will ALWAYS a\ 
child's side first . Don't hate ... I won't change 

Went out to lunch with Grandma this afternoon . I'm getting a little excited about this weekend . Last September , I put in my request to have this weekend off and it looks like I will . I know Saturday and Sunday for sure ... Monday and Tuesday are iffy . Even if it's just Saturday and Sunday , that's still cool ! Hoping to see < PROPMALE > while he's in town . < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > , and < PROPFEMALE > are also a must . 
Just got home from work ! It was packed to the rafters in there all night long . My Wawa is stationed right between the Bay Bridge and most beaches here , so it's a good place to stop for a bathroom break and < PROPMALE > to wet one's whistle . The people I work with are great , though , and we joked and sang our way to the end of the night . Now I can look forward to a weekend with < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > , and < PROPFEMALE > . Can't wait ! 
Wow , June 1 . I guess summer is here . How exciting ! With every new season comes new promise , though some turn out better than others . Here's to a hopefully good summer ! I'll be spending it with a six year old that walks , talks , and lives with a uniquely awesome and funny take on life . Can't wait ! For me , summer kicks off June 14 . 
It's midnight and I just got back from a late night dessert run to the < PROPFIRST>'s to meet up with Dad and < PROPFEMALE > . They were in town for a meeting . It was good to see them . Hope they get back to the other side of < PROPFEMALE > safely . Ok , that's my little nugget of Chrystie life , right now ! 
It's Monday night and I have the next three days off ! Yahoo ! Less than a week until I start caring for < PROPFEMALE > , which will be fun . I'm getting excited about Summer now . Goals for tomorrow : Get hair cut so I can take the top off my Jeep without my blowing hair sending me into a ditch and I might buy a bike , possibly . 
Wow , I'm getting ready to go out to spend Monday to Friday of every week at < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE>'s and I haven't packed yet . I guess I'll just leave my casual clothes out there so the first packing will be the heaviest . I guess I'm not sweating any of this because , if I forget something , I can always slip home for it . I mean , < PROPMALE > is only twenty < PROPMALE > from Cambridge . So excited about hanging with < PROPFEMALE > this summer ! 
At < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE>'s . Had fun at Idlewild Park with < PROPFEMALE > today , but tomorrow is when the cool library programs start . Can't wait . 
It's Thursday evening and we've had a fun week . I have to go to work the next three days , but that's ok . Next Monday , the fun starts all over again . Next week , a trip to Baltimore is in the cards . 
Jeez ! I don't really keep up with this , do I ? I guess it's all the fun I'm having this summer . I can't believe it's almost August ! Well , anyway , we're planning a trip to Ocean City for Tuesday to ride the rides . Wednesday , we'll go to Assateague for a traditional day at the beach . Fun times . 
Tuesday Morning ! Ocean City today ! It's going to be pretty family friendly , though , since we're taking < PROPFEMALE > , and how much trouble can you get into with a six-year old ? Going on the rides and working in a trip to Dough Rollers for dinner isn't exactly going to land us in the slammer ... hopefully . 
Back from Ocean City ! We had so much fun . I can't believe < PROPFEMALE > is still awake and playing in the tub as loud and energetically as if she wasn't even fazed by the last twelve hours of sun and fun . Wow , I'm beat ! Everybody should care for a child for a long period of time before they have their own . This summer has opened my eyes . 
Went to Annapolis today to watch a movie with < PROPFEMALE > and her mom , my aunt . We took the sides off the Jeep and just went . It was awesome . I love my Jeep ! 
Nothing much going on today . It was a rough weekend at work , but yesterday at the pool , even though it rained , was a nice break . < PROPFEMALE > thought we were crazy for staying through the rain , but she didn't complain as she slogged around the kiddie section with a big smile on her face trying to catch the raindrops on her tongue . It was cute . Today we're kicking around the house until her mom comes home and I go to work . 
Feeling misunderstood . I’m admittedly not very tactful , because I NEVER intentionally lie . What comes out of my mouth is my God's honest truth ; sometimes brutal but always true . I don't talk one game to peoples’ faces and then another behind their backs . I think that's actually ruder than being tactless . I won't change ; I probably can't . What I guess I need to do , though , is start knowing when my opinion is wanted . 
BTW , good < PROPMALE > we're going to Cats vs Dogs - The Revenge of < PROPFEMALE > Galore . I like kids movies and being with one this summer has given me a good excuse to go to them ... not that it stopped me , ever . I just look less weird when I'm not sitting there alone and a little kid is next to me . ;-) 
What a horrible storm we had this morning . I woke up and thought it was sunrise . To my surprise , it was after 9 AM . I'm glad it broke because hopefully < PROPFEMALE>'s cheerleading practice isn't cancelled . It's fun to go with them and watch her practice . Her first game isn't until school goes back into session , but I can't wait to go see it 
Just worked 10 hours that felt like only 6 or 8 . I think it has a lot to do with the people we had on tonight . There were two to three people on register and two people in the deli . On top of that , two people doing truck that didn't have to do register or deli ... and then , on top of even THAT , we had the shift runner . We stayed busy , but the feeling of the evening was ' professionally relaxed . ' I loved it ! 
Well , I just watched Where The Wild Things Are with < PROPFEMALE > and we're about to go to the pool . Hope the rain holds out because Mom and < PROPFEMALE > are meeting up with us and we're all going . Should be fun . 
Hope it doesn't rain . We're hoping to go to the beach tomorrow . 
Looks OK today . We'll probably < PROPMALE > it and end up at the beach today . 
I wore my Vibram FiveFinger KSOs to the beach today , more as a footwear thing , and ended up keeping them on through surf and sand . Awesome ! Floating on my back , just past the breakers , I'm sure people were confused to see ten rubber toes sticking out of the water . The only downside was the ten < PROPFEMALE > pockets crammed full of sand that I had at the end of the day . Upside ? My feet are soft from the accidental exfoliation . 
Well , it's Monday . I just have today and tomorrow and then my summer with < PROPFEMALE > comes to an end . That's ok . Having my days off to myself again will be nice , too , even though I will miss < PROPFEMALE > . 
Oh , my God ! I had the longest night at work ! Tonight , they needed me to be a cashier . The electrical feedback I can hear from the four computers facing each other makes it hard for me to think . I wish I couldn't hear it , but it seems my ears and some scanners are the only things that can pick it up . Well , at least the buzz goes away if I < PROPFEMALE > a little or stand to the side when I’m not ringing . I’ll live . TEAM PLAYER ! 
Well , house hunting is going well . We have some good prospects . Nice neighborhoods or semi-country , and most of them with central air . Now's the time to buy , it seems . Some of these houses seem like steals . 
Tonight was so dead until < PROPFEMALE > left at 8:00 . As soon as she did , it was like everybody within a ten-mile radius of the store crawled out from under their rocks , sniffed the air , and could sense there were only four of us left . Not normal people , either ; the kind that can't do anything and need to be shown the direction of the bathrooms , where the straws and napkins are , and how to work the CAT screens . Fun times ! 
Ok , so it's Labor Day . Kind of a laugh in < PROPFEMALE>'s face , this year , with unemploment so out of control . I just hope the creepies and the crazies stay in their cages and under their rocks tonight . Fingers crossed . I'm ready for fall ... seriously . 
The appointment is at 4:20 . < PROPFEMALE > has been strong so far . I've been crying on and off all day . We called out to Grandma and she's going to allow us to lay < PROPFEMALE > to rest next to her dogs . I went out to the shed with < PROPFEMALE > and helped her pick out a box , but I can't go to the vet with her . Instead I will be going straight out to Grandma's to start the hole . I feel like a bad person , but I can't be there when it happens . 
I feel like I've been beaten with a board . We put < PROPFEMALE > down today . I dug the hole at Grandma's for < PROPFEMALE > so it would be ready when they came . It was very sad . And now , even though I know she was getting senile and incontinent , I'm filled with grief and regret . I think we're all numb , right now . < PROPFEMALE > has been quiet and weepy , but I've been crying all night . Losing a pet is so much harder than words can express . 
Things are getting better for me , but there's still painful moments . < PROPFEMALE > still can't look at black cats or any kind of kitten , just yet . She's having a hard time turning her love on the other household cats , feeling guilty that they're still around . She has been going to work , which is good . These things just take time . 
I'm off today , woo hoo ! I'm probably going to go to bed in a few hours and , when I wake up , I'm going to do nothing ! 
Ahh , I slept so soundly today , rolled out of bed way past noon , went to Wawa and got a hotdog , and now I am doing nothing . It's one of those days . 
I go in at 5PM today and get off at 1AM . Only a two hour difference from my normal , so that's cool , but I'll probably feel different at 11 and the rest of second shift leaves . :-o 
Two days off ! I hope I don't spend the whole time playing \My Tribe . \ " I'm not a computer nerd . I swear . ;-) " 
Naysayers in the family ! They don't think it's a good idea to buy a house . Well , considering the fact that what we're prepared to pay in rent is the same as the mortgage would be on the houses we've looked at , I think the bad idea is continuing to throw away money on rent that doesn't build equity ! 
Ponder this ... 1000 years ago , people didn't really have to go to work , as we would define it . People didn't really have ' jobs . ' There have always been merchants , of course , and people who provided service to others for a wage , but it wasn't the necessity it is today . Why do we work ? The answer is because we live in an advanced civilization and people working makes it possible . 
As humans , we're attached to our emotions , but civilized society wouldn't be possible if we were nothing but raw instinct . That said , we have become so dependent on emotions that many of us are losing instinct ... it's being bred out of us . I think that's why survival documentaries like Man vs Wild , Survivorman , and Man Woman , Wild are so popular . They tap into a part of humanness that we know many people are losing . 
Scientists have always said TV is bad for you . Now they say they have proof that our brains go into an altered state when we watch TV . They say our brainwaves resemble sleeping or meditating people when we are quietly watching the box . Something to ponder ... aren't sleeping and meditating just ways to recharge , and isn't that usually why we watch TV ? I fail to see the problem , here , unless it's all a person does . 
Seven days off ! Woohoo ! 
Went to Ocean City today ; mini golfing , which I haven't done in a hundred years , or something . Afterward , we drove around some of the residential areas of North OC , wishing we lived there , within walking distance to strolls on the beach . It was fun , even though it was cold . Dinner at Watermans , all you can eat seafood . It was a good day . I feel lucky to be alive and living in a mostly free country . 
I wish I had an RV so I could hitch my Jeep up to the back and drive off into the sunset with all my belongings , looking for a place that doesn't exist in the real world but that shimmers on the horizon , anyway ! My utopia would probably have an ocean by it and possibly a lighthouse in the distance . What would yours have ? 
The store has been raking in the business , the last couple days ! Even though it was crazy in the deli , four factors made it go by quickly ... < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > , and then < PROPFEMALE > and Kevon . These are the folks I worked with , today ! I don't think I ever saw a moment where anybody wasn't working as hard as they could . I feel fortunate to work with these individuals . Too bad Kevon is leaving . 
Ok , so poor < PROPFIRST > doesn't line the thermal up under the brew basket and coffee goes everywhere . I say I'll go ahead and clean it up since he's doing something . I'm minding my own business , mopping coffee up , when some asshole from behind me says , real loud , \That's a woman for you ! Can't get them to work a machine right to save your soul . \ " I wanted to punch the sexist SOB who didn't even know what really happened ! " 
To the brave and strong souls , who do for this country what many people can't do ... or won't do . Whether or not people support troops being overseas , the sacrifices others have made on our behalf is no less than touching . To every man and woman who has risked life and limb for our country , no matter what the cause , and especially to those who made the ultimate sacrifice , HAPPY VETERAN'S DAY ! 
Just got home . Wasn't busy , just a long night . 
Off for three days ! What to do ... what to do ? Probably just do some writing . One day I'll finish my book . 
We live in a sad , sad world when more people requested off for Black Friday than they did for Thanksgiving . The requests off , straight down the schedule , for next Friday made me laugh . LOL ! Ok , I'm guilty too ! ;-) 
Toe hurts ! Getting a nail pulled off is sometimes medically necessary , but it hurts like a mofo ! 
We're waiting for some people to get off work , so our dinner is scheduled for 5:00 . Just popped the turkey in the oven . Can't wait for it to be done , but I have family to visit with , in the meantime . Ah , Thanksgiving ... the day we give thanks for all the things we have by engaging in gluttony while other nations starve . Seems like a paradox , but there it is . 
Black Friday ! Let the season of commercialism and excess ... I mean , perpetual love and joy ... begin ! 
I'm not usually a hater , but I was , tonight , and I'm not sorry ! Wawa was in the town Christmas parade and I really wanted to go , to the point of resenting those who got to go . That's fine , though . They rode most of it on a flat tire . They really were worse off than me . HAHA ! ;-) Overtime smells sweeter than frozen nose hairs , anyway ! The tire was very satisfying to hear about while the town overran the store tonight ! 
This has been a cold , but fairly perfect day . Woke up early , did some writing for my unfinished manuscript , went to Wawa for some breakfast ( I guess I don't get enough of the food when I work , hehe ) , wrote some more , went to the Hyatt for lunch , writing now , will finish watching < PROPMALE > Potter 6 soon , and finish up the day by finally going to HP7 : Part 1 . 
I'm at the library , printing out some stuff since I don't have a printer , and I'm surprised how many people are here right before closing . Makes me think that maybe people think it's a clean , quiet place to chill if you're not much on causing trouble in the streets . There's a calm , quiet here , right now , as everybody just surfs the internet . 
ARRG ! I just spent two days writing a chapter for my book that I was so proud of . It flowed perfectly and had all the scenes and conversations that I planned for it . It was one of my favorite chapters . Today , I accidentally overwrote it with the next chapter ! I only had the first four pages backed up so , now , instead of going forward , I have to rehash old crap . I bet it won't be as good , the second time around . :-( 
Just finished bagging up the Christmas cookies ! Can't wait to pass them out at the Christmas party tomorrow ! 
Christmas party was great . < PROPFEMALE>'s house was beautiful . The best part , though , has to have been when it was just < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > V ., < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , and me left and we talked until 9:30 . That was so relaxing . < PROPFIRST > , you are a dedicated person and you work harder than anybody I know . Just remember to breathe , from time to time . 
God ! It snowed for-freaking-ever , today . I can see where this winter is headed ! 
Just ' did Christmas ' with my mother and sister . They liked their gifts and I was happy . Christmas will be small for us , this year , since we're trying to buy a new house , but giving turns out to be even more rewarding then receiving , now that I'm an adult . 
Ok , so sometimes I enjoy a good gender-bashing joke . Here are two :\ 
\ 
For the ladies ~ Q - What do electric trains and breast have in common ? A - They're intended for children , but it's usually men that end up playing with them . \ 
For the gents ~ Q - If your dog is barking at the back door and your wife is yelling at the front door , who do you let in first ? A - The dog because he'll shut up once you let him in ! 
More gender-bashing :\ 
Ladies ~ A man was on an island and couldn't get off . He found a < PROPFEMALE > and the < PROPFEMALE > said he could have one wish . The man said I want to be ten times smarter than I am so I get off this island . So , the < PROPFEMALE > turned him into a woman and she walked across the bridge . \ 
Men ~ Q : How do you fix a woman's watch ? A : Why bother ? There a clock on the stove . 
Some more gender jokes :\ 
For the Ladies - Q ~ How many men does it take to put down a toilet seat ? A ~ When it happens , the world will finally know . \ 
For the Men - Q ~ How many men does it take to open a can of beer ? A ~ None , it should be open by the time she brings it over . 
\Don't go around saying the world owes you a living . The world owes you nothing . It was here first . \ " ~ < PROPFIRST > Twain " 
\Adopt the pace of nature : her secret is patience . \ " ~ < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > " 
\The only limits on human achievement are self-imposed . \ " ~ < PROPFIRST > Waitley " 
:-/ Well , I had a productive morning . I mailed off some books for paperbackswap.com, cut a check for a < PROPFIRST > Corbi's fundraiser ... and then went down to the Shell and put the wrong gas in my car . I'm standing there at the pump , going , \damn ! Gas prices are ridiculous ! The < PROPFIRST > are just flying up . \ " I get in the car and looked at the receipt ... just pumped a whole tank of premium gas into my Jeep Wrangler . " 
Me singing to the radio , at work : \Should I give up 
Note to self : Don't make crude gestures in the office and realize too late that there is a camera in there , feeding the DVR 24/7 . \ 
I wonder what people think goes on in our store , behind the scenes . Judging just by the stuff the office cam has caught , the picture probably wouldn't look pretty to outsiders . 
Ok , I'm a dork , but I just found out that my favorite childhood cartoon is coming out on DVD and I'm excited . In the early to mid 90's , as a little tree-hugger , I was transfixed by Captain Planet . He wasn't just a superhero ; he was an eco-hero . Now , as a grown-up tree-hugger , I'm looking forward to watching it and seeing if the nostalgia holds up . Sometimes things aren't the same through adult eyes . 
I read somewhere , not sure where or when :\ 
\It doesn't help to sweat the petty things ... and it helps even less to pet the sweaty things . \ " \ 
How come the men I see on TV are ten times more attractive than most real men ? I mean , I guess they pick the good-looking ones , but I suspect trick photography , too . I guess it's the same way for women , maybe more so , but I'm not as good at gauging that . As a woman , myself , I can only vouch for TV men . Men that hot are definitely on the juice or something . Could the real men please step into the limelight ? 
Cats are predators of birds , right ? So , tell me why my cat is afraid of feathers ... no , I mean it . I want to know why my cat ran and hid when I blew a feather in the air at her and why she hissed in my face when I tried to tickle her with it to make her play with me . She's eye-balling it laying on the floor , as we speak , and crying in nervousness . I'm getting ready to put it away before she has a heart attack . 
It was so warm today . What the heck happened ? I had the windows open , earlier . Now , not even the heater seems to be keeping the cold at bay . \ 
Hey , < PROPMALE > ... you lying to us ? 
Weird night at work , full of weird people . Glad it's over . Hopefully tomorrow is better . 
