2010 < PROPFEMALE > Bowl Champs ! 

is staying home while the rest of his family goes on vacation 
putting together some jams for the 4 1/2 hour drive tomorrow 
could potentially get a summer internship in Worthington now ? 
is in Florida . 
tryouts ... 
is H6 
Internet ! 
Beat the Trojans ! 
It would be nice if we could have running water some time in the next year ... 
now has a full appreciation for the wonders of indoor plumbing after feeling like a hobo for the past 2 days . 
is done with the first day of class . 
Beat the Hoosiers ! 
can't sleep anymore 
is not looking forward to watching the video today ... 
Bandancing ? 
I don't even know what to say , Buckeyes ... 
is evidently a sultry seller 
is getting the lube ready for the ChBE 200 midterm tomorrow ... 
Thanks so much everybody for the birthday wishes ! 
Beat the Nittany Lions ! 
Bucks won ... Jackets won ... free chili ... it was a good day . 
REALLLLLY hates math right now ... 
I can smell the roses ! 
Exams , here we go ... 
is a little bit annoyed that his Chemical Engineering grade STILL isn't up yet even though the final was a week ago and somehow the professors for all of the other classes found a way to post the grades ... 
Big Ten : 0/5 on New Years Day . Epic Fail . 
Wow . The first Saturday of the quarter has officially been more boring than simply going to class . What's wrong with this picture ? 
No motivation ... to do ... anything ... 
is looking for something to do this weekend 
needs to try sleeping some time . 
So ... in one week physics went from being ridiculously easy to impossible ? 
Inconsistent weather is inconsistent . 
is going to laugh so hard when his Macroeconomics midterm ends up being harder than the O Chem midterm . 
Yep . Electricity and Magnetism is definitely the worst subject conceived by man . 
Stupid weather ... 
New facebook layout again already ... Why am I not surprised ? 
: Fueled by two hours of sleep and coffee since 1989 . 
so you said you wanted a little snow ... 
That's what I'm talking about ! It's about freaking time , OSU ! 
is glad that a quarter is only 10 weeks long . 
will be 21 just in time for the band dance :D 
come on , Thursday ... 
Midterms over ... now it's time to slack until finals week 
Let's go team USA ! Beat Canada ! 
* sigh * Well , at least being an Ohio native I'm used to title game losses by now . Good effort for Silver , though . 
I still can't decide if I want to apply for nanoscale research this summer ... 
found out that he has back-to-back Organic Chem and Physics 132 Finals for 4 straight hours , and they won't let him reschedule ... * groan * 
ugh . exam week . 
Tomorrow is not going to go well ... :/ 
Well , at least it's over . For now . 
nothing to do ... 
It's your birthday ... It's on Earth Day ... 
is having a scheduling crisis because he suddenly realized that none of the courses he needs to take are offered during convenient quarters , and as a result has to take Physics 133 over the summer just so that he can be forced to take Physical Chemistry during marching band season ... 
would appreciate it very much if Verizon could actually fix his phone or replace it instead of failing twice . 
Diels-Alder ... ugh . 
found a bat in his apartment . 
loves working his ass off and still getting screwed anyway . 
is officially done with all of the Chem 254 labs . Take that , synthetic organic chemistry ! 
is done with finals ! 
poop 
Amurrica ! 
has free time and can't figure out what to do with it ... what is this madness ? 
What is it going to take to even be considered for just one interview ? 
So evidently if you ate as much spinach as Popeye , you would die from an oxalic acid overdose . Oh the things they teach kids in cartoons ... 
GO SOUTH < PROPFEMALE > ! 
What's this ? It's the day of the homecoming parade and there's a 0% < PROPMALE > of rain ? I'll believe it when I see it ... 
Had an awesome day ! Thanks so much to everyone for the birthday wishes ! 
Buckeyes ... always scaring me half to death . Nice W . 
The Jackets are 13-6 ! 
How do you keep your family safe from a Wolverine ? Move to Pasadena . 
< PROPMALE > Goodrich ... ugh 
Thank you , football players , for completely destroying the reputation of Ohio State . Jerks . 
was part of the official experience of Ohio State's first victory over an SEC team . Bucks . 
This new profile blows . Really badly . I never agreed to this ! 
there are not enough hours in the day ... 
