Hot cocoa ... good ! I want more hot cocoa !!! Believe it or not , I have been getting up at 9:00 AM every day while in AZ . Of course , that is mostly because the free breakfast at the hotel is only open until 10:00 AM and if I did not get up , I would miss it . :-p I think it is time for a nap now . * yawn * 

just wrote the second entry in my journal since October 2008 ! 
had his doctor appointment yesterday . The doctor prescribed a higher does of my current drug . I went to 7 stores to check prices on a month's supply . I could not believe the difference in prices between the same drug . I started going from two 20mg capsules per day to three per day for the next week . After one week , I will go to the maximum dosage and see if that helps . 
Here is what it costs at each store for 60 - 40mg capsules ( 2/day ): Lucky - $337.58 ; CVS - $99.99 ; Target - No pharmacy ; Rite-Aid - $12.49 with their free discount card ; Walgreens - $159.99 , or $11ea with $20.00 per year membership ; Wal-Mart - $8.00 ; Costco - $65.50 . I could not believe there is about a $330.00 difference between the highest and lowest prices ! I went back to Wal-Mart to buy the drugs . 
Overall , today was a good day ! I went to seven stores to price my prescription . Mom and I went to Claim Jumper before heading home . I hooked up a new VHS/DVD player and tested a connection between it and my laptop . I was hoping I could play Netflix movies through the laptop to the TV , but I guess the bandwith was not fast enough with the wireless connection . I have to finish setting up the new player tomorrow . 
programmed the < PROPFEMALE > remote for the new ( to me ) DVDR/VHS recorder this morning . I actually got up at 8:00 AM ( woke up around 7:00 AM ) ... if you can believe it ! Maybe things are starting to turn around . Now , I am off to an appointment in San < PROPFIRST > . 
accomplished three tasks that I needed to get done yesterday . Small steps .. 
going for a drive today and reflect 
Does it take crying to grow up ? 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone . Tomorrow morning , I am off to my sister's house with my mother and nephew . Enjoy your day and weekend ! :-) 
just did a little weeding and put up Christmas lights on the house & two reindeer in front . I tuckered myself out . Now , I am ready for dinner ! 
wishes mornings would happen in the afternoon . Oh , wait ... for me , most of them do ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ! We are just chillin ' here at home today , watching the Disney Christmas Parade and some movies later . I hope everyone enjoys their day with friends and family . * hugs * 
Twice in a row ... I got up today at 6:10 AM . I have a lot to get done before I leave for my trip ... better get to it ! ;-) 
made it to < PROPFEMALE > , NC yesterday with no problems . I was exhausted from the overnight traveling though . I took a long nap in the afternoon . :-) I think I am ready for another nap ... all this sleeping tires me out ! 
I guess the barn raising does not show up on friend's walls . Please help with my barn raising !! 
Back from my trip . Now gotta concentrate on the CPA review course . 
This is the third night in a row that I got to sleep without having to take me sleeping pill . I started reading a book for 30 minutes before going to sleep . So far it is working pretty well . Today , I actually woke up a little after 6:00 AM this morning ... better than sleeping until 2:00 PM , I suppose ! Hopefully , this trend will continue . Wish me luck ! 
Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day everyone ( what is left of it anyway) ! I just woke up at 4:00 PM ... could not get to sleep until nearly 5:00 AM last night . * yawn * 
just came back from the gym . I actually woke up a little after 6:00 AM and finally got up about 8:00 AM . At least I made it out of the house today ! 
went to the gym and did some cardio and 15 minutes in a massage chair for my treat ! I woke up again today a little after 6AM and got up at 7AM . Let's hope it continues ! 
It's movie line week here on Facebook . Cut and paste this to your status and write your favorite line from a movie and see how many people know the movie and the line ! - \You don't need to wear a patch on your arm to have honor . \"" 
is very excited this morning ! I even woke up 15 minutes before my alarms went off !!! ( Uh ... that is 5:45 AM , BTW . ) 
I did not pass my first CPA exam . I will have to retake it sometime in July/August . :-( 
TAXES - DONE AND MAILED ! Well , CA State taxes are mailed ... Federal taxes were done electronically . I did not want to pay $20 each for two returns just to have a convenience of letting them know there is no tax due/owed on one . The other is a refund ... no big deal . :-p 
CPA exams : 3 ; Mark : 0 
What is the best gift your father has ever given you ? 
is just hanging out at the Grand < PROPFEMALE > Resort in Reno . 
For those who know the situation ... I delivered the letter ( with a box of his stuff ) to < PROPMALE>'s sister's business in Reno and mailed another copy of the letter to his parents from the hotel . I wrote the letter on our seventh anniversary ( 11/22/09 ) and had an opportunity to deliver it directly to his sister . I hope his family is receptive to the letter and honors my request . One month ago today was < PROPMALE>'s 45th birthday . 
just finished two games of bowling using house shoes and a house ball . I got 141 and 152 . I wish I had my own equipment with me ; maybe I would have at least hit my last average . Granted , I have not been bowling regularly for the last 10 years ... not at all in the past 2-3 years . I guess I could not expect too much more . :-p It was fun to get into it again . I do miss bowling at Homestead !!! 
My next CPA exam is today . Wish me luck ! :-) 
Last night , I went over to a friend's for dinner and had a good time ! He made key lime pie from scratch ( a little runny , but good ! ) . Then , we played Disney Scene It for a little while before calling it a night and headed home . It was a good evening ! :-) I even got to take a piece home for my mom . 
I have my September travel plans finished ( almost ) . I will post the final details when I finished confirming everything . \ 
\ 
I need somewhere to stay while in Chicago from September 21-22 ( Tuesday night ) preferably near the Amtrak station ( 225 South Canal Street ) , if possible . Anyone have room for a guest for that night ? 
had a great time today playing mini golf with friends and another friend's birthday party ! :-) 
washed the motorcycle today ! Anyone up for a ride ? :-) 
is waiting for a delayed flight to DFW . Thunderstorms are delaying flights in < PROPFIRST > . At least SFO has free wireless ! :-) 
is at DFW waiting for his flight to < PROPFEMALE > ! I breezed through security ; there was no line !! Only another 20 minutes or so before we start boarding . \ 
I had a great time in < PROPFIRST > . I really like that city ! I would really like to go back and visit sometime . 
Check out . 
had an interview with Accountemps today . It went very well . I will find out more later next week . 
is getting really excited over this new venture ! 
Mom fell going down the step to the garage . She broke the smaller of the two bones in EACH ankle ! She has splints on both feet up to the knee right now . In a week , I think they will put on an actual cast ( when the swelling goes down ) . She will be unable to walk for ... well ... a while . She cannot put any pressure on her feet at all . 
< PROPMALE > and I visited with Mom this afternoon . She was tired/sleepy , but doing alright considering .. They are going to transport her to a physical therapy center ; maybe the same one she had in 2006 when she had the shingles . The pain is diminishing a little bit . She is going to get a transfusion tonight . Her blood count is very low . She has problems keeping food down , too ; probably due to the pain medication . 
Looks like Mom is all settled at the rehab center . She had a hard night last night , but looked better today . Her direct line is ( 510 ) 248-7873 if anyone would like to call . 
Off to SF ( in the rain ) to see a friend ! :-) He leaves at 2PM ... not sure what to do after that yet though . 
Why does it take THREE hours to cook a \pre-cooked\ " ham ? * sigh * It still has an hour left in the oven ! " 
