hopes everyone had a good New Year , and wishs everyone a < PROPFEMALE > Hangover Day ! 

enjoys watching makefiles 
404 Status not found . 
finally got the netbook to work !!!! 
is partying like it's his birthday . 
has a bitchin camera . 
feels like reading . 
ALL CAPS ALL DAY IN HONOR OF < PROPFIRST > MAYS , RIP 
is going to the zoo mother fuckers 
went to the zoo mother fuckers 
is finding out that Nintendo DS parts only go so far in making laptops work . 
is enjoying a nice day in North < PROPFEMALE > . 
took some sweet pictures of fire works ! 
is ready to be home . 
is back to civilization and for the record , when the south seceded from the union nothing of value was lost . 
is roadtrip ! 
is going to < PROPMALE > Potter mother fuckers . 
** insert something pertaining to the new < PROPMALE > Potter movie here . ** 
catastrophic network failure , < PROPMALE > RoadRunner for being a piece of shit . 
the new hit sequel to Snakes on a Plane , Scorpions on a Plane , brought to you by Southwest Airlines . 
thought this status at about 2.437 GHz , which magically turned it into a neat little packet containing 186 hex values which shot it off to 64.24.7.10 , via 00:14 : BF : 44:9 F : 16 , and is now being seen by you . 
thought this status at about 2.437 GHz , which magically turned it into a neat little packet containing 3572 hex values which shot it off to 69.63.84.43 , via 00:14 : BF : 44:9 F : 16 , and is now being seen by you . 
nothing quite like the smell of packet injection in the evening . 
it just hit me , like a brick thrown at a homeless guy , and Ill be out cold 
has never been very good at timing , punchlines are all I got . 
is preparing his laptop for DefCon 17 ! Vegas here I come !!! 
is at DefCon until further notice . Expect no responses on facebook , email , or texts messages due to obvious security risks . 
two days down , two to go . This place is fucking awesome by the way . 
is going to have an awesome day ! DefCon , then Cirque du Soleil ! 
saw Cirque du Soleil and wants to run away and join a circus ! 
is eating all he can eat at a buffet ; Obesity here I come ! 
is back in Dublin . 
firefox thought < PROPFEMALE > was my email address . damn I troll too much . 
is feeling extra retard . 
still isn't feeling quite right . 
has not laughed so hard at the internet in years . Thank you moot for that enlightening satire on internet dating . 
has had an interesting night . Won't you make it even better ? 
for the record if you call me before 2pm , I won't answer , I'm asleep . 
296.63 
had a very fun day with his best friends evar . 
thinks he missed the train to mars , and is out back counting stars . 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s83kP07ufUI Don't huff kids ! 
wants to be a hacker , code cracker , slacker , wasting time with all the chatroom yakkers . 
Sedate , Rinse , Repeat . 
has a fishie :D 
has almost a complete collection of Mr. Potato Head parts . 
drunk siblings are the best . :D 
is enjoying the new appartment . 
water is for noobs . 
thinks more people should think \Does anyone on the internet really give a fuck ? \ " before they post things . I also observe that I did not think that before posting this . " 
Choose life . Choose a job . Choose a starter home . Choose dental insurance , leisure wear and matching luggage . Choose your future . But why would anyone want to do a thing like that ? 
is looking to be a mentor for Dublin robotics ! So give me some pointers if you've been on the robotics team in the past ! 
could use a new bike . :( 
and free Windows OSes for all ! 
showed that shrub who is fucking boss . 
brb wedding 
best wedding ever . Congradulations < PROPFEMALE > Smith and < PROPFIRST > Barber ! 
fucking hates youtube . 
is glad to have actually finished his essay . 
is compltely incapable of studying effectivly . 
hates baseball . Worst sport ever . No one cares , take it off TV . 
the more I use Windows 7 , the more I realize what a horrible abortion Vista is . 
is disappointed that the < PROPFIRST > login button is not a pumpkin this year . 
has to write a PSA , which ever of the following gets the most votes I'll do : Ninjas , Pirates , Cooties , Racoons , Jedi Mind Tricks , or Other ( If other please specifiy ) 
thanks for the input my Cooties PSA looks bitchin 
learning how to write essays is about as useful as knowing digits of pi , sure you feel smart , but no one really gives a fuck . 
feels like an autistic kid drawing with crayons . I want my good tablet back :( 
loves finding good old books , but hates finding them annotated . Annotations ruin books , high school english teachers are cunts . 
sleep is for the weak , finals here I come . 
If it takes 1 hour and 38 minutes to do one math homework , and one cigarette and one can of Dr. Pepper , and it takes 7 minutes to smoke a cigarette , and I have 4 more math homeworks to do , how irritated will I be tomorrow ? 
is going to bed now . 
F.I.N.A.L.S. Fuck I Never Actually Learned Shit . 
highlight of my night , 4 goals and 2 assits a single NHL 10 game . Youre jealous . 
Why is a < PROPFEMALE > like a writing desk ? 
excellent news everyone , I don't have to take 153 for a third time ! 
I feel like [ Adult Swim ] showing decent TV at 3am is god's gift to procrastinators 
dear sleep , you win . you should apologize to my final paper in the morning . 
walks backwards in the fresh snow to confuse people who see his tracks later . 
it's Christmas ! :D 
my dog ate my ash tray >_< 
dislikes killing time between classes . 
is sick :( 
has come to fucking realize fucking is only his 7th most fucking used word in fucking facebook statuses . fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking , Hopefully that will set things fucking straight . 
it's never too cold to smoke outside . 
new high score : 9 , I'll let you guess at what 
does needing an inhalor mean I have to quit smoking ? 
dying my hair white ? What are your thoughts ? 
has almost white hair ? 
the only thing easier than stealing < PROPFEMALE > from a baby , is stealing < PROPFEMALE > from a dead baby . 
feels like a camera whore for intentionally taking a picture for no purpose other than it being a profile picture . 
is loling that facebook spelled status \statut\ " on one of his notifications " 
they just don't do racism like they used to . 
I still think my way out of Yoshi's Valley in < PROPFIRST > Kart 64 is the fastest . 
is a souless robot that runs off nicotine and skittles . 
doesn't understand ellipses ... 
makes decisions by flipping a coin . 
Happy Groundhog Day ! 
coding for 7 hours straight , I really should start assignments more that 5 hours before they are do . 
is morally opposed to ethics . 
no one cares goldfish , just be tasty 
what keeps you up at night ? is it dreams or nightmares ? 
I just figured out what my Birthday plans are . TOY STORY 3 JUNE 18TH !! 
actually enjoys getting computer viruses . 
is texting his roommates who are down stairs , because I am too lazy to get out of bed . 
genetically , people with down syndrom are half way between humans and potatoes . 
< PROPFEMALE > , showing Canada who's boss at their own sport . 
is addicted to robot unicorn attack . 
Skittles Vodka , the best idea I've had all year . 
another year alive . 
What's the capital of Kansas ? Topeka . Nope , it's Google . I'm not even joking . 
< PROPFEMALE > Edwards you can for sure skank way more than anyone else I know 
4am wardriving ftw 
is so happy to have internet again 
facebook voting time , name my wireless network 
facebook voting time , name my wireless network ! 
somebody tagged the side of my apartment . Real cool assholes . 
is playing StarCraft II 
is officalally on spring break . :D 
is playing pokemon heart gold ! :D 
is pondering the logic behind Sentret being able to use surf ... 
Robots Robots Robots 
may have lost part of a tooth , and his voice but still had a bitchin weekend . GO 1014 ! 
has Paco again !! :D 
fell down the rabit hole again , damn you internet . 
Happy April Fools Day 
too lazy to walk ? duck tape your pokewalker to a fan . :3 
hid eggs for his parents to find . It may be backwards , but it sure was fun . 
I have the most fucking awesome license plate ever . 
should've brought pokémon to kill the time in between classes . 
is glad his Sociology teacher is a dumbass , who thinks the two and a half hour class is just an hour . 
had a wonderful day . 
ICE CREAM TRUCK !!! I love campus . 
I'm tottally fucking queer . 
can't find Just Cause 2 anywhere . Commence nerd rage . 
Buddha stop doing coke in front of kids ! 
I cant put words together coherently today what do ? 
is in Athens with out his phone , woops 
has a phone again ! YAY ! 
Chikorita looks like a downs syndrome marshmallow turtle horse - < PROPFEMALE > Price 
it is Velociraptor Awareness Day , be vigilant my friends , a velociraptor can attack at any time ! 
Happy 420 Day to all you stoners out there ! 
bbl l4d2 dlc 
found Melon Soda ! * que flashback to japan * 
hack reality . 
If you don't have anything mean to say , don't say anything at all 
is really looking forward to the next two and a half hours of getting raped by his geography exam . :/ 
Bad Religion T-Shirt : $18 , Reaction of the Preacher on the Ovel : Priceless 
when eeny meeny miny moe , becomes a big part of your exam taking , you know you're fucked . 
Note to self : Burn your sketchbooks . Both of them . 
:D 
Cowboy Bebop is on ! /nostalgia 
had one of the best weekends in a long time , even if it did rain on my parade . 
just realized how advantageous it is to take notes on the computer , instead of by hand . Not only is it exponentially faster , I can wikipedia things and point out the falsehoods of what my professor says . 
Tragic News , Bawls is out of business :( 
1180 College students have commited suicide in the last year , 8 of them from Ohio State . Speak out against silence . 
needs a new pair of flip flops >_< they passed before their time T T_T T flip flops , you will be missed 
loves the internet so very much . 
did you know platypuses have poisonous thorns on their legs ? 
has a new tooth , and no longer looks like a crack/meth addict 
Attention Everyone , TIGHTS ARE NOT PANTS ! 
according to facebook ads , I apparently need to get checked for chlamydia and make flash cards ...? How the fuck are these things selected ?!? 
:) 
caught a bat today , you're jealous . 
you know you've had too much class in one day when you've sucessfully depleated a 8 hour laptop battery taking notes ... 
fell down the rabbit hole again >__< 
BWAINS ! BWWWAAAAIIINNNSSSS !! 
is a zombie T T_T T 
PUPPY ADVENTURE TOMORROW !!! :D 
HAD A PUPPY ADVENTURE TODAY ! :D 
fuck , I forgot to sleep again >_< I guess I'll be waking up after 5pm today 
is with Coco 
just saw the most ironic thing ever ; a smoker's outpost that was on fire . 
PUPPY SITTING !!! SQUEEE !!! :3 
shit , I think I might actually finish this paper ! 
Saturday morning cartoons ?! fuck yea insomnia ! 
locked out of the apartment , but I have lock picks on me , what do ? 
is on summer break ! :D 
is suffering from puppy withdraw :( 
is working a regular job like a big kid . 
TOY STORY 3 ! :D 
Toy Story 3 was completely worth every second of the 11 year wait . Best Movie Ever . 
' s laptop died :( 
IS ONE SCORE OLD ! 
Thanks for all the wonderful birthday wishes ! 
is three weeks away from owning his very own Alienware m11x ! :D Damn you delll and your slow build times ! I may die from the anticipation ! 
When did CS :S get achievements ?! AND WHY DID NO ONE TELL ME ?! 
have a sense of adventure 
has new glasses :3 
is on his shiney new Alienware m11x ! :D 
<3 ' s barbi ;) 
Can I get someone to help watch my dog Thursday while I goto see Iron Maiden ? 
lighthouses rule . If you don't like lighthouses you suck . 
watching Cowboy Bebop . So much nostalgia and win . 
just had his car ash tray catch fire while driving XD 
is back from the < PROPFEMALE > . 
\Can you at least rape the men in this game ? \ " -- < PROPFIRST > Cooper " 
was cut off in line at Cedar Point by Miley < PROPMALE > . What a bitch ! 
\Fat people can only be taken seriously when they are talking about the best resturants\ " -- Barbi Eubanks " 
is gay for pay , < PROPFIRST > Hwang where you at ?? 
is phoneless >__< 
< PROPFIRST > Hwang is now to be known as Snooki 
new season of The Venture Brothers starts September 12th and I could not be more excited . 
loves his sidekick :3 
wishes he had nail polish . 
Yes , I realize I'm staggering . No , I'm not drunk on the first day of class . 
If one gerbil were on meth , and another on PCP ; which would win in a fight to the death ? 
life's a joke , take the time to laugh at it once in a while . 
is wearing hospital socks :3 
herp derp widdly scuds cat planet durf 
holy fucking shit fuck I actually finished all my homework for the week . commence nap time ! 
Phone vs . Windsheild , phone won , but their both broken . >_< 
Havin ' a blasty blast with < PROPFEMALE > Amerine , AKA SideKick & < PROPFEMALE > Price , AKA Meep ! :] 
is still invincible 
party party finals are done ! 
Lets go Jackets ! 
HELL YES BUCKEYES 
Oh Baby ! 
The Blue Jackets have yet to lose a game Ive gone to . Quick someone buy me season tickets ! 
I'd hit that . With a crowbar . 
eeefffff I just got my identity stolen ... 
tolerance means laughing on the inside . 
I do love me some video games and I certainly love contests , so what the hell , I'd sell my soul to Razer if they asked nicely and gave me free stuff . 
Space Nazi's are coming , the History Channel has warned us ... 
Go to your Facebook profile and look at your ' Friends ' sidebar . The top 5 people are your team in the case of a Zombie Apocalypse . How good is your group ? \ 
< PROPFEMALE > Amerine < PROPMALE > Kowalski < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Rodgers Yenny < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Grinch\ 
I'm pretty sure we'd be set , < PROPMALE > can just call in the military :3 
