So fucking hungover . 

I'll tell you one thing , I know you want my kisses in your narcissistic collapse . 
Okay someone let me in on why everyone in California has like professional-grade pictures on their fucking Facebook . Seriously . 
She doesn't care about anything . 
Apparently , I only wanted 5 hours of sleep ? 
Ear infection is satan :( 
I'm going to feel better by tomorrow damn it . 
this day is turning out to be a dissapointment . 
So although this was the summer I graduated , it was probably the worst summer I've ever had . 
The expendables is gay as shit . 
College tomorrow , breh . 
Should I just cut my hair off ? 
So today I had one of those conversations where you just connect with someone on a whole different level , it made me feel more human . Good day :) 
:( bad night . 
Everyone that drives in fairfield is Fucking retarded . 
6 weeks until I'm 18 :) 
Awww yeah tombstones on . Thats my shit . 
Some people are so god damn weird . 
You look like a playground to me . 
Nap time . 
Kill me nowww . Five hours of sleep is not substancial . 
Four weeks till eighteen :) 
And if I seem a little strange well thats because I am . 
There are some freaks of nature at solano . 
Why is it the only time I'm finally free to do whatever everyone else is too god damned busy . 
Just downloaded the new Interpol album that I've waited 3 years for ... 
Fuck it . 
It's so embarrassing to need someone like I need you . 
Thai food timeeee . 
lifeguarding class is tiring ... 
I'll tell you one thing I know , you want my kisses in your narcissistic collapse . 
Red dead redemption is pretty sick ... 
18 one week from Saturday :) 
The Snuggie is American stupidity at its finest . 
God , why do I love you so damn much ... 
Lady Gaga is so talentless in my opinion . 
Quit whining about how shitty this town is ... it's the same everywhere . You'll see when you grow up a little . 
Whos down to smoke 
What a disaster ... 
Thanks all so far for birthday wishes . It is going better than I thought it would . 
Just got my new tattoo ... :) 
What the fuck is happening to my life . 
No matter how hard I try to forget ... you're always in my dreams . 
Good morning . I think I'm going to do something enjoyable today . 
Sushi ? :) 
The afterlife is nothing to live for . 
You feel it all around yourself , you know it's yours and no one else . You feel the thought of learning again It's all around , you're tired of all the things you did , you'll work it out . 
I miss the past sometimes . 
Boring ! 
Born on a desert floor , you've the deepest thirst , and you came to my sweet shore to indulge it . 
Time to pass the fuck out . 
So I guess I should probably jump on this Paranormal Activity 2 train ... 
Ridin the chillwave 
Going to try and have a good day :/ 
life is changing ; I hope , for the best . 
The first thing that you want- will be the last thing you ever need . 
Playing Halo Reach with < PROPFIRST > Gilmore and < PROPFIRST > Gray :) 
Electronic Cigarettes are for pussies . 
How long can you let your decisions be led by love alone ? 
Nervous for the future , I hope it's as good as I imagine it . 
Toro Y Moi was worth every < PROPFEMALE > . 
weird ass weather we're having ... 
Going back to Colorado Friday . 
Coming back to Colorado today :) 
This is so surreal ... 
having a great first night back with < PROPFIRST > :) 
Here's to new beginnings ... 
first day on the job , easy . 
>:( AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH . 
Long day at work , now I'm gonna go home and maybe I'll make a pie :) 
I swear I'm the only punctual person I know . 
My pie isn't working :( 
Back to the way that it was , long before it made a noise to keep on quietly reminding you what's never created or destroyed . 
Hungry ! 
I know I shouldn't say so but , \ 
when you claw me like a cat , I'm beaming . \ 
I like the way you squeeze my hand\ 
pulling me into another dream , \ 
A lucid dream . 
Life is great lately . 
Headache from cigarettes is Satan . 
When you get so quiet and depressed , hidden and I drop away again can't understand , I want to die again . I'm out here in the swell getting fucked up trying to cure you it's so draining , really , how can I help if you won't talk to me ? 
Pretty sure I got the flu . 
I wish I could eat the salt off of your lost faded lips . 
Someone in Colorado Springs has a license plate that says Bay Area ... wow 
Fucking Facebook trends ... 
SLEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEP 
Only 4 more hours of work and tomorrow's Friday :) 
I really hate Sundays . 
FUUUUUUUUUUUCK 
Why is everyone being so flaky lately , including myself . 
It's snowing :) 
Can the weekend just last the rest of my life ? 
Act your fucking age . 
Sweetness , sweetness I was only joking When I said I'd like to smash every tooth In your head . 
Doing drugs makes you so fucking cool . 
There's something wrong with our hearts when they beat pure they stand apart . Real love , it finds you somewhere with your back to it , I met you ... 
Flirting over Facebook is so childish . 
Why am I allergic to metal !? >:( 
Can't wait for the weeekendddd :) 
The clock is set for nine ; but you know you're gonna make it eight . \ 
So that you two can take some time , teach each other to reciprocate . 
Thank you snow , for giving me the day off of work :) 
I gave a lot to you , I take a lot from you too . 
So I'm a virgo now ? 
Come over here oh pretty baby , you're my bundle of love . You're driving me crazy , betcha can't get enough . 
Pretty sure I got food poisoning :( 
I really did not care for Black Swan at all . 
Content . 
fuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuck 
I DON'T CARE IF SOMEONE COMMENTED ON THE SAME DAMN PICTURE FACEBOOK 
In a good ass mood today . 
:/ 
Snow tonight , leaving work early , good stuff . 
You couldn't loose me if you tried . 
Stupid snow ruining my plans >:( 
FUCK I hate this bitch . 
Nature is a language , can't you read ? 
There's nothing to do today 
I don't like this new picture view shit . 
-___- 
I know we have changed but I still grin ' cause I can't wait to see you . 
ZOMMGG all the high schoolers in Falcon are soooooo cool because they like Of Montreal and chillwave and roll face so hard lyke all the time . 
I'm cuttin loose from all of my parachutes , you think I'm super freaky , I think you're too cute , it's your move you can check me if you so < PROPFEMALE > . 
meh . 
If anyone wants to get a hold of me contact me via Facebook , no cell phone . 
People are fuckin stupid . 
Fuck off . 
I'm glad dying your hair black became a trend again . I'm just going to shave my head . 
Feelin good . 
-__- 
