Not ready to go back to work . Too much fun hanging out with the kids and < PROPFIRST > . Didn't get near the work done I wanted to but ya know what .... oh well . My house is clean , children are healthy , xmas is put away , and my heart is happy . 

Sure wish Daddy was here . < PROPFEMALE > is laying on the floor next to me ( normal spot ) wimpering in her sleep . Flipped < PROPMALE > out . He got down next to her and wanted to know what was wrong . I like knowing that this animal trusts us enough to sleep in our presence with the activity of three young boys all around her . It's awfully sweet . 
Bored ! Tired of being off work . But not really ready for the chaos . Can't there be something in between .... 
Looking forward to some kick-tail baseball ! 
Farm Ville stinks . I moved to Farm Town ! 
Buried my Great Grandmother this morning . My baby son was a pallbearer with his Daddy . Touched my heart . 
Boys need a haircut but I feel crummy . :( Got busted by the Dog Warden today for not having licenses for my doggies . $48 ouch ! 
Slept 11 hrs . Wow that felt great . Hopped out of bed and got busy blowing leaves ( in my jammies , of course ) . Yeah , I'm country ... but my yard looks nice . 
< PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > are sick . Fevers , coughing . I hate it . To the dr today . Will be lucky to come out of there without some new cold cause of all the cooties . :( 
Decided not to go to Dr. Hope that was right decision . Afraid of the miriad of cooties . Fevers 101.5 and 100 last night . Pink cheeks . Get better soon my babies . 
Went over to < PROPFIRST>'s tonight to care for all of my boys . Poor babies . < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > look sick . Eyes sunken , pink cheekies . < PROPFIRST > is feeling better , thank goodness . But now Dad has it . My poor boys . 
< PROPMALE > has bronchitis . No surprise . Daddy took him to Dr today . No more fevers . Yeah ! Back to school tomorrow . 
Off to bed early tonight . State Soccer Tourney tomorrow . Sooo excited ! Night all ! 
Game was awesome but in the end , we lost . He still got a trophey and two patches . So very proud of my oldest son . :) 
< PROPFIRST > and I went to the Greene last night for some shopping & pampering . BD's Mongolian was ok . The real intent was to spend some time together . It was nice . 
Cubbie's tonight . Daddy & I get to lead the meeting . We're making balsa wood airplanes . :) 
Noodle is injured again . This is life 4 of 9 . Poor baby < PROPFEMALE > . 
Life is returning to normal .... except BETTER . 
3:10 came early . Work , work , work . :) 
Not really in the mood for Xmas cookies this year . Sorry ! But looking forward to some time off with family . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas , All ! 
What a wonderful holiday . Together with my family . So beautiful and perfect . 
Hope it warms up some today . Have some snowmen to make and tubing to do . :) 
Our baby-kitty , Noodle is having a tough time healing from a < PROPMALE > cat bite . Took him to the vet for the 5th time . 3rd round of antibiotics and more wound care . Poor baby . We had him tested for feline leukemia and aids ... he's negative for that . A small victory . He's worn out and napping beside me now . 
Snow tubing this afternoon with hubby and kiddos . Lots of fun . Watch < PROPFIRST>'s < PROPFEMALE > for pictures and video . 
Spent the evening playing euchre with several couples from church . Met some great people and had a wonderful time . LOVE , LOVE , LOVE that even a card game had its beginning because of Jesus . :)))) 
Sprained my ankle this afternoon . Same one I sprained a few years ago . Not nearly as bad as that time but it still hurts . :( 
Picked up two Christmas trees ( 6.5 ft pre-lit ) today from walmart for $9.50 each . One for < PROPFIRST>'s bedroom , one for Jake/Jordan's bedroom for next year . Gotta love those after Christmas sales ! 
black 
< PROPFIRST > and I went to a wonderful class today . It's called Rings and it's at the Marriage Resource Center in Springfield . Reminded me of going to the pre-marital classes we had almost 12 years ago . I love him more than ever before . So happy this man is mine . 
Ooooooooo .... not a happy household . Bengals stunk it up . 
Pretty easy to get the house cleaned when 5 people do it together . Such a good team , our family . 
COPY PASTE ... ALERT !!! STOP PLAYING FOR A MINUTE .. COPY AND REPOST !!!! 3 yr old boy taken by man in Rochester MN driving 2006 Mitsubishi Eclipse .. Plate # 98B351 .. Repost if you wish .. You know you would keep it going if it was someone you knew Seriously !!! I expect to see this repeated on this < PROPFEMALE > manytimes .... a child ... is in danger ! 
I'm so sleepy .... 
10 years ago today , my life changed . I was no longer < PROPFEMALE > . I became someone's mom . I am so proud of my beautiful son . He is so kind , loving , funny , smart and best of all ... he's all mine . I look into his eyes and see me looking back . This gorgeous miracle . Happy Birthday < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > . xoxo 
Ya know what's really funny ? < PROPFIRST > is determined to beat me at 3 Towers Solitaire . He's off work tomorrow . I'm quite certain I will get home from work and find that either he's blown me away or he's so frustrated he could scream . LOL ! 
If you are a wife , that has a wonderful husband that works so hard and would give up anything just to give to you , then repost this ... cause i have the most wonderful husband in the world and I love him very much !!!! 
Let me tell you how really wonderful my husband is .... I got home one night last week and there was an envelope on my pillow . My sweet < PROPFEMALE > got me an hour long massage because he knew I'd had a hard day on Monday . He spoils me so . 
Miss my < PROPFEMALE > . 
< PROPFEMALE > is back home . All is right again . 
Turned out to be a good day to have off . Boys didn't have any school so they went with me on errands . We had lunch at TJ Chumps and then played in the Arcade and Bounce area . Great time ! 
Some of you know that my husband has this quirky behavior that makes me laugh my head off . He did it tonight . Cracks me UP ! 
Wish I could just work at home . Up for 45 mins and got about 3 hrs worth of work done . Silence is productive . 
Wow . My 10 yr old son makes Guitar Hero look easy . It really isn't! 
Boys were being wild tonight ... or it's just my perspective ( not sure which ) . Playing in tub instead of just getting shower . < PROPMALE > chipped a permanent tooth . Right up front . Jeesh ! 
Too cold to go outside ! 
Is Facebook seriously thinking of charging $3.99 a month ? 
I don't get it . Fever for three days with no other symptoms . Anyone's children had this ? 
Home with < PROPMALE > today . His mysterious fever turned out to be a symptom of strep throat . 
Thank goodness our folks got to go home this evening . My prayers are with those that stayed . May you reach your loved ones safely . 
Ready for another 4 - 8 inches by Weds ! Woohoo !! 
Snow accumulations of 1 to 2 inches are forecast for Monday night with an additional 3 to 5 inches expected on Tuesday . Snowfall tuesday night into Wednesday may bring storm totals in excess of 8 inches . 
I really , really missed going to church on Sunday . :( 
Not so sure we're going to get the Level 3 we've fretted about . Sleep well , friends . See ya tomorrow . :) 
Wow today was exciting . Lots of chaos . Thank goodness for neighbors with four wheel drive or I'd have been stuck . Thanks < PROPMALE > !! 
Working all weekend . Good think hubby's working cause I'd be in big trouble . 
My husband is a wonderful man . Great dad and husband . Our house is clean and so is vehicle . All with teamwork amongst the family all at his direction . Nice job , < PROPFEMALE > . Now on to < PROPFIRST>'s birthday party . Looking forward to the chaos of a dozen 10 yr olds ! 
Got up this morning to find the remains of some sour patch kids on the floor . Wonder what their faces looked like when they tasted those ! Animals are like small children !! 
< PROPFIRST > is on a Nerf gun kick . He got three more yesterday at his party . Already had several from Christmas . Now he got a machine gun type that holds 30 rounds . I am waaaaaay outnumbered ! I told < PROPFIRST > if he doesn't quit it , he's getting woke up tomorrow with gunfire ! LOL 
We're considering a new vehicle . Sounds good but not thrilled about the $$ . Anyone with a family have an Edge ? 
Decided to take today off . Laundry , dishes , want to clean up < PROPFIRST > for the appraisal later today . Oh , and I've got some work to do that is easier to do uninterupted . That's bad , isn't it ? Taking the day off to work ? LOL 
Laundry , dishes both done . Got some GTI work done , too . Went to < PROPMALE > Knapp to look at an Edge . It's sitting in the garage right now ; we're trying it on . I think I must be getting old . I cannot justify spending that kind of $$ on something that gets me to and fro the same as my current vehicle . I think we'll stick with what we got . 
The ladies kinda stunk it up tonight on Idol . 
Nerf War is on again ! 
I'm bored . Come on Sunshine ! 
My little guy was up in the middle of the night vomiting and upset on and off for hours . Kept him home today . I really enjoy my job but when one of the boys needs me to be home , I hate the guilt that I < PROPFEMALE > with me for not being able to do both things well . I worked at home today for several hours but I know that it's not enough . 
Can't sleep . 
In 3 minutes , vacation starts . See ... hubby only gets every other weekend off . So it feels like vacation ! 
Enjoyed our trip to Monticello to see Grandma and Grandpa . At the Marriott Griffin Gate in Lexington ; packing up and ready to head home . I think I saw a mall on the way here . Hmmm .... 
Home sweet home ! 
Night all . 
Nice walk with family tonight . My lab is awesome . Hardly any experience walking on a leash but she hardly pulled at all . 
Thank you for the birthday wishes everyone ! 
Got a call from a friend looking for a coach for my little boys ' baseball team . I decided to give it a shot ! Don't know a thing about baseball and for those that really know me , my husband actually DOES NOT ALLOW me to throw a ball out of fear for the safety of others . I'm an organzier by nature and profession but the sporting / coordination side will be a thing of wonder . I love a challenge ! 
I continue to see the Lord's work in my life . I am in awe . How magnificant is His love ! 
Outside tonight playing baseball with the kiddo's . Spring's upon us . Lovin ' it !! 
Happy , love , peace , rainbows , butterflies , Jesus , stargazing , first snow , childhood laughter , swimming on a hot summer day , winning the race , ice cream , smiles , < PROPMALE>'s hot dogs , first time holding baby , wedding , first kiss .... 
Warm house , comfortable clothes , full belly , bathtub , car , acres , family , health , freedom , tv , radio , table and chairs , treadmill , tanning bed , < PROPFEMALE > wedding ring , washer and dryer , lawn mower , bicycle , x-box , computer , bed .... 
What could I possibly have to complain about ?? 
Thank you , Jesus for covering my sins in your blood so that I might have a < PROPMALE > at an eternity in heaven . Try as I might , the Lord knows I will fail again . Forgive me for future transgressions . Forgive me for hypocracy . Forgive me for failing to do unto others as I would have them do unto me . Praise God for His GRACE ! 
Boys got me up this morning because of a \mess\ " in the kitchen . The dogs had gotten in the trash . That's a first . What a great way to start a weekend ! LOL " 
Passion of the Christ is a cartoon now . We got it for the boys a few nights ago . They now ask to watch it . Touches my heart . 
Today is my favorite of the whole week . And church service goes much too quickly . Another powerful message . My heart breaks with regret of my sins . I pray that my children do not have to pay for my sins as < PROPFIRST>'s family did for his . How I wish I would have come to know Christ before evil . 
Played baseball for a few hours tonight with the family . Took a beating . Very sore but it was soooo much fun ! I love it that the boys are old enough that we can all play together . 
Diner's , Drive-In's , & Dives ... gotta love food network ! 
Lost .... finally getting to the heart of it . 
Up @ 4 am , worked for a few hours , ball park clean up , lunch from Picnic's ( thanks Trudy !... Yummy ) . Nap 3 hrs , cleaned house ( Jus dumped litter box in field for me ... priceless ) . Now to pay the bills and chill a little with Time Traveler's Wife . Has anyone seen Where The Wild Things Are ? I really LOVED that movie . 
Ok , so I'm using SparkPeople to keep track of nutrition and fitness . Plugged in what I ate today and am planning this next week . I'm confused ! Either I'm lying on what I'm eating or I'm a big , fat lazy turd cause I'm right in line with the calories ! I'm voting for the turd ( hey , can I take this puter with me on the treadmill ? ) 
First night of baseball practice . FUN ! A lot of awesome parents helped . < PROPFIRST > made it before practice was over . I love my husband . We make a great team !! 
I was sitting here catching up on facebook on the laptop and talking to my mother on the phone and < PROPFIRST > , fresh out of the shower bent down to < PROPFEMALE > to pet her . His face was close to hers . She flipped out , snarled and bit him in the face !!! He had a bloody nose and a bit < PROPFIRST > under his eye . Wow , did I see red ! 
Not sure we could have crammed in one more thing tonight . Off work at 4 , pick up kids at 4:15 , home by 4:30 after quick stop for drinks , then to baseball practice from 5 - 6:15 , played pass with < PROPFIRST > for a few , then say soccer board meeting . < PROPFIRST > is passed out on the couch beside me ( he won't go to bed without me ... to sweet ) but I'm wound up ! Facebookin ' a few then off to bed . I LOVE to be busy ! 
Took 1/2 day off today . Spending time with youngest son . Had lunch together than got some groceries . Home now . Cuddles and maybe a nap . :) Then , I WANNA PLAY SOME BASEBALL !! 
Feeling very blessed to have such a full schedule .... baseball practice this morning , boys to grandparents ' for last Easter celebration and Mom and Dad to the Lippizaner Stallion show in < PROPMALE > . Look out horse-fever , here I come ! 
Took it easy this evening . Kicked around the soccer ball with Mitchie . He's trying out for Select tomorrow . I'm glad because he's not playing baseball and we like all the boys to be active . Good luck , Jus ! 
Home today with my hubby . Nice lunch then he took me on a motorcycle ride . Wow , sport bike is not meant for passenger . Keep trying to convince him to get a cruiser . Nice relaxing day but I miss my boys ! 
I'm spending the weekend in fellowship with other pilgrims on an Emmaus Walk . So very excited ! Trying to get my family organized so they can make it to all our commitments while I'm gone . < PROPFIRST > is an amazing man ; I'm very thankful that he chose me for his wife . I know they'll do great but I'm missing them already . If I have to be away , I'm glad it's to walk with Christ . 
Casting Crowns , Third Day , & < PROPFIRST > Tomlin will be at Timberwolfe July 8 - 10th ! 
Home from Emmaus Walk . So full of Jesus's love . Not sure I can put the experience into words . 
Bummed that we're not going to make it to LifeGroup tonight . Miss you guys !!! Got a cold from lack of sleep over the weekend . Totally worth it , though ! Gonna catch up on some cuddle time with my boys ! 
Home from work today . :( 
My < PROPFEMALE > is home . Been a long day . < PROPMALE > is not feeling well either so I < PROPFIRST > him a bath before supper and now he's in my bed watching tv and cuddled up with the electric blanket . Better get to feeling better soon ! Baseball practice tomorrow !! 
This cold has really got me down . :( Have been able to take the boys to school several days this week so that is a plus . I like to spoil them ! 
I can't get to my profile . That's strange ! 
Chicken noodle soup ... Mmmmm ... 
Baseball begins in full swing next week . Our first game on Monday . Woohoo ! 
Want to feel better ... please ! 101 fever tonight . I wont remember how to do my job ! 
I might actually be feeling better . Yeah ! I miss my peeps at work ! 
My sweet husband woke me up at 10:00 this morning with a kiss to tell me he was going out to mow and our little guy was upstairs . He'd found a new tv channel with awesome praise music . < PROPFEMALE > 975 on dish called The light . Check it out ! 
Going outside to enjoy some sun . Friday night and I'm home with my precious family , exactly where I want to be ! 
After all these years , < PROPFEMALE>'s Funniest Home video's is still hilarious ! 
SAY Soccer Sign Up's tomorrow from 10 - 1 in the Elementary Cafeteria ! 
So I'm laying in bed around 5:30 this morning 1/2 asleep and I thought I felt something on the cover . Assumed it was the cat . Then it talked ! Scared me to death . It was < PROPFIRST > . He and < PROPMALE > came downstairs because of the storm . They were getting a jump on the lights going out . Made them a spot on our bedroom floor . Little sweeties . I love my kids . 
Finally feel better tonight . Hoping that the boys make it through the storms without a tear . They have their momma's fear of storms . :) 
This is the day which the LORD hath made ; we will rejoice and be glad in it . ( Psalm 118:24 ) Happy Sunday ! 
This show on TLC called \Hoarders\ " flips me out . Makes me very thankful that I married a man that is as particular as I am about cleanliness . I just cannot imagine . " 
Back to work after only one day there last week . First baseball game of the season tonight . Woohoo ! Go Blue Dynamite !!! 
Our first baseball game of the season .... we lost 12 - 4 . :( Ok , enough boohoo . I had fun . Realize there is a LOT that I don't know which is fine because I'm always eager to learn . I have been blessed with a TREMENDOUS group of parents who jump right in and help out . THANK YOU SO MUCH ! 
Nice , relaxing night at home . < PROPFIRST > fell asleep on my lap at 7:30 and stayed there for over an hour . He's almost too big ! 
Shaved our Lab tonight . I've missed her being in the house . She got kicked out a few weeks ago for repeatedly getting into the trash ( I don't think she got the drift ) and then got stinky . She got a chilly bath outside too . Big baby is sleeping on the floor at my feet , her normal spot . She's like one of the kids . :) 
The rain held off for the parade tonight . Happy children = happy coach ! 
Is there a way that I can turn off posts from others ' games to my news feed ? I like games , too but just want to see folks thoughts on my < PROPFEMALE > . 
< PROPFIRST > and I are making a pact to exercise together . We stretched then each spent 20 mins on the treadmill . It amazes me that my CHILD is old enough to motivate me to exercise . He's so grown up ! 
Perhaps I'm a little crazy but I'm enjoying this temp . I hate Ohio humidity . So nice to have the window cracked and a little breeze in here . A bit < PROPFEMALE > , tho . I'd like to go out and play some baseball but there'd be no point . 
I'm watching softball on ESPN and have a question .... what's up with the girls that walk toward the ball as they swing the bat ? Some do and some don't . I've never seen this in baseball . Is it legal in baseball ? 
Awesome , relaxing day AT HOME for a change . Caught up on laundry , picked up the house , dishes , and all the chores . Got some recliner time and facebook time in , nap with the boys and now hubby's home . Even shed a tear or two over The Notebook . Love that movie ! 
Sleepy ... night all ! 
Jordie's first baseball game @ 9 , < PROPMALE > practice @ 11 , friend's house @ 1 , Iron Man 2 and the Mall this evening . Gonna be an awesome day ! 
Jordie did GREAT today ! Got a hit each time he was up to bat and had a lot of fun ! Then we went to the Elementary for Mini practice . Great practice . Team looked really GOOD . Thank you BB for all your help today !! 
Spent the afternoon talking with a dear friend . Praying that God reveals his plan to her very soon . And that he holds her close to him during her time of need . 
Wish that girl I know named JanAl would say Hi . She \says\ " she responds if someone puts her name in a post . Let's see if it works . :) " 
Can't figure out Verizon's online account < PROPFEMALE > ! Wanted to see if we could upgrade but I can't find the tab that shows that ! Uuuuuggggghhhh ! 
FM SAY Soccer Sign Up June 5th in FM Cafeteria from 10 a - 1 p . This is for FALL Soccer ! Sign up while you can !! Pass the word ! 
FM SAY Soccer Sign Up June 5th @ FM Elementary - SOCCER CONCESSION STAND ! 
Headed to the Drive - In after < PROPMALE>'s game tonight . Shrek is playing ! 
Uh oh , work called . Problems on a Saturday ... no good . 
My oldest woke me up with breakfast in bed ( scrambled eggs ) . He's learned that from his sweet daddy . I'm so very blessed to have such loving boys in my life ! 
Boys are outside playing in the water ... well water that is . I told them it will be cold . Wonder how long they'll last . LOL ! 
< PROPMALE > and Jordie were in the shower after their water/trampoline excursion . Jordie starts screaming ! He had a rag in his mouth and < PROPMALE > pulled on it and along came his tooth . Then < PROPMALE > starts crying because there was blood everywhere . It was time for the tooth to come out anyway so no big deal . They were just really surprised ! 
Another bit of excitement for the day ... outside pulling weeds in the driveway ( btw ... it's HOT out there ) while Jus and Jor are trying to school < PROPMALE > in the fine < PROPMALE > of tree climbing . < PROPMALE > is terrified of heights , mind you . After about 30 minutes and 20 failed attempts , they finally get him up there and he's SCARED TO DEATH . Told him he couldn't get down til he smiled . See picture for his attempt ... 
What a beautiful day . Just don't know how to put into words the magnificient love I feel today . I cannot WAIT to shout to the world my commitment to live a Christ-centered life . Thank you Jesus for wanting me , for loving me . I know I don't deserve it ! 
What a busy week , whew . I'm ready for a pj day . :) 
Jordie's tball game @ 9 then off to the Airforce Museum ! 
My FAVORITE day of the week ! 
It is unreal how HOT it is outside . Got a pool from Wallyworld yesterday . Filling it now . Boys couldn't wait so they're splashing around in it while it fills . 
Checked my email . Something from USPS saying a package couldn't be delivered and to open attachment to view details . It was a virus . Good thing I've got some virus protection . 
I don't wanna go back to work tomorrow ! 
Mom and Dad had us over for supper . Got some visiting in with them and my sister and a few snuggles with my nephews . This after a nice visit with a lovely friend and her children . What a wonderful day . :) 
Go Blue Dynamite ! Very satisfying to see the smiles on their faces ! 
Off to church this evening for membership class . Yeah ! So happy . 
Rushed home this evening and headed straight for the pool . I put on a brave face and knew it would be cold ; got < PROPMALE > up a little on the ladder but hubby ( being funny ) told me I was holding up the line and gave me a nudge . Brrrrrrr .... chilly ! 
Sleepy .... wanting a day with nothing to do . :) 
Today is special . Today , we will celebrate the death of the old and rebirth of the new . 1 < PROPFIRST > 3:21 Baptism , which corresponds to this , now saves you , not as a removal of dirt from the body but as an appeal to God for a good conscience , through the resurrection of Jesus Christ . 
Wow , tonight's game was m-u-d-d-y ! 
< PROPFIRST > and I listed to a message tonight that was stunning . Thank you , DW for the education . I am shocked that one can go from a foundation in truth to idolatry so easily . 
< PROPFIRST > spent the night with Grandma and Grandpa last night . To appease the other two since they didn't get to go , I let them sleep in the guest bed together . Well ... Jordan fell out of bed around midnight and ended up with a nasty injury to his lip . Poor baby ! 
Time to hit the pool ..... 
Made homemade \Blizzards\ " for the boys after dinner . Yummy .... " 
Cupcake wars .... for real ? I'm a food network junkie ! 
Awesome evening ! Cuddled hubby for an hr after work , then spent 2 hrs learning about church membership . Wow , I'm more humbled every single time I fellowship with other Christians by my lack of knowledge . 
Lovely evening at home with my 4 boys . Thankful it's Friday already . And for those foodie-fanatics ... Bravotv.com has full length episodes of Top Chef ! Yeehaaa ! 
Now this is the life . Wireless internet @ the picnic table by the pool as the kids play . :) 
< PROPMALE > is having a friend spend the night . This is a first for him . He was so excited but is learning a hard lesson tonight ... he who invites a guest must entertain a guest . Oh to be 8 again .... 
boys took a nap . they were worn out from staying up late with < PROPMALE>'s friend . Jus and I swam and tried to fix the pH in the pool but I think we need more chemicals . Now all the boys are swimming and I'm in the lawn chair getting ready to get some work in . Beautiful day ! 
Pool time with the family , dinner outside @ the picnic table , then dancing under the paper lanterns to K-Luv with my sweetheart . Our boys thought THAT was really cool and SO DID WE ! 
Ahhhh ! < PROPFEMALE>'s been kidnapped !!!! 
Jordie had a t-ball game tonight . Love watching the little ones . Too cute . < PROPMALE > out to watch < PROPFIRST>'s friends play . I miss watching that age group . Hoping I can talk him into playing next year ! 
Watching a silly new game show called \Downfall \"." 
Wow what a HOT BB Game . Eldorado has a nice < PROPFEMALE > . 
Today was a little crazy . Baseball games at 9 and 11 am . < PROPMALE > won his first game . Woot Woot ! Home for a swim to cool off then on to < PROPMALE > E Cheese's with D & W . Home by 5 , exhausted , nap . Then to Dad's for pulled pork . Yum . Now sleepy ! 
Hard to believe it's been almost 7 years cancer free . Tomorrow starts a week of testing to confirm it's still gone . Usually results in feeling not-so-hot . Praying for good results and an easy week . 
< PROPMALE > woke me up at 5 am with a tummy ache . He's not kept anything down today . Poor little < PROPFEMALE > . Got my shot this morning . Went well . Feeling pretty good so far . Just a little tired . Off to nap with my sickly son . Thank you for all the prayers ! 
< PROPMALE > is feeling better . Yeah ! Hate the pookie-bug ! He wants to eat , eat , eat now ! 
Mistakes have a way of keeping me humble so that I don't become too critical of others at their vulnerable moments . 
Day 1 and 2 went pretty well . Just a little tired . Today is the dose , nothing tomorrow then scan on Friday . My sweet sister is taking me Friday . I love my family . 
Got kinda warm out there . Spent a few hours pulling weeds while < PROPFIRST > mowed . Worked with < PROPFIRST > on learning to ride his bike . He did well ! < PROPMALE > is afraid . Not quite sure what to do with him . :) 
Just got back from the hospital . I'm cancer FREE ! Thank you for all the prayers . GOD IS GOOD ! 
Well , I was going to get some work done but it seems I/S has the network down still . Hmmmm .... 
Anyone have a \to-die-for\ " potato salad recipe ? I'm looking for somewhat sweet with eggs . " 
Missed my * hugs * this morning !! xoxo 
Cookin ' up a storm ! Sticky < PROPMALE > , green rice , banana cream pie , and clubhouse chicken squares . Off to sissy's for pulled pork and fireworks . 
Spent the morning cleaning up the house . HOT outside ! Boys going out for a swim while Mom tries to get back into the work swing . I'm so lost !! 
My Daddy's here . He and < PROPFIRST > are trying to figure out the water pressure issue . < PROPFIRST>'s 6 ft frame doesn't fit too well down the well-thingy hole . 
My 4 boys went to the drive in without me . I miss them ! Off to sleep then back to work tomorrow . I LOVE YOU BOYS ! 
Old Navy is having a sale on T-shirts ! Only $5 for any size !! I got 8 shirts for $40 ! 
This weekend was a blur . Back to work for a vacation ! LOL 
Lazy Sunday .... snuggled my boy into a nap . He needed it ! Grumpy !! Thinking about a dip in the pool .... 
Can't believe I have strep throat . Worst sore throat of my LIFE ! 
Day 2 off work cause of illness . Uuuuuggggghhhhh !!!! 
Hangin out with my oldest . Rest of house is asleep . Kinda odd feeling I have ... don't have a mile long list to accomplish this weekend . 
Wondering how many children find their way to my bedside this evening . My little boys don't like storms . :) 
Blessed morning @ church . So thankful for such a passionate service ! Spent the early afternoon with my middle son . Some one-on-one time together is always nice . Boys headed to the pool , Daddy mowing , and I'm off to trim the pups . NFL season officially kicks off at 8 pm with the Bengals vs the Cowboys in the Hall of Fame Game . Busy day 
House is strangely quiet . Boys are @ grandparents ' house , dog @ border's . Hubby and I are up early in morning to head to Alabama . Nice spending some quality time together BUT I MISS MY KIDS ! 
What a nice evening . < PROPFIRST > and I ate at < PROPFIRST > BBQ ( yummy ) then drove to the falls and took some pictures together . Not a soul in sight , so peaceful . The smell of cedar and sound of rushing water , hubby's arms holding me close . I hope he had a nice birthday . Love you < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Hampton in Fort Payne gets my vote for one of the nicest hotels we've stayed at . Comfie beds , nice rooms , awesome breakfast and reasonably priced . Headed home in a few . Can't wait to see the babies ! 
Ahhhh .... Home Sweet Home !!! 
Bedroom air conditioner quit on us . Went all over Greenville looking for a replacement . Only found two , both @ KMart , both the floor kind . Interesting concept . 
Had my fill of the Fair for one year . It's like a big reunion ! Got to see my favorite girl ! Love her !! 
My sweet hubby is taking tomorrow off work to help me with Soccer ! And to watch the boys ' games , of course ! Happy wife !!! 
My middle son is spending the night with a friend . A first for him . Hoping he minds his manners . Another milestone .... 
Anyone know when Awana's in Greenville starts ? How about the one in Arcanum ? Undecided about which to send the boys to . Any opinions ? 
My husband is freezing cold . He's in his recliner with a blanket . It isn't really THAT cold in here . LOL !!! 
Vehicles are too expensive these days . Jeesh ! I just cannot do it ! 
Chipotle , good conversation , puppy cuddles . :) 
My Daddy is becoming quite the pulled-pork chef . Yummy ! Nice evening with family . :) 
Needing some prayers .... 
Praying for acceptance of God's plan for me . 
For the word of the Lord holds true , and we can trust everything he does . Psalm 33:4 \ 
\ 
So far , so good .... 
< PROPFIRST>'s team got slaughtered ! < PROPFIRST > watched it at < PROPMALE > while < PROPMALE > , Jordie and I were at FM . < PROPFIRST>'s tied 0-0 . Nice evening for a soccer game . 
Looking for some nutritious meals to pack the boys for lunch . Need to be cold . Any ideas ? Bologna , chips , applesauce , juice is getting old already . 
I'm blessed by the love of my husband . He has given me a glimpse of God's grace . I love this man and am so very thankful that he loves me !!! 
Sorry girlie , no one will be home and it's put away . I'll have to bring it Friday . :( 
< PROPFIRST>'s game tonight was brutal . A child from < PROPFIRST > broke his forearm right in the middle . Very gruesome . Praying for relief and rest for this young man . 
What a CRAZY week ! 
What a beautiful day ! 
Got to snuggle my sweet little nephew during church today . Singing to Jesus , dancing with baby , rested his little head on my shoulder and was still for a few moments . So sweet . :) 
< PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > are at Illumination . A dear friend gave us tickets ; box seats even ! I'm home with the little guys so they can get to bed at a good hour . Been feeling a little sickly and didn't want to start the week off wrong . 
Home with < PROPMALE > today . Child gets respiratory infections so easily . Uuuuggghhh . 
Nyquil kickin my rear . Off to bed . 
Homemade chicken noodle soup for supper . Yum 
Took a trip to the woods for some sticks . Might talk Hubby into a little fire tonight . Boys instantly wanted marshmallows ! 
Operation Repo is wild . Jeesh . STRESSFUL ! 
Heading to the Cincy Zoo tomorrow with my Boo . He's super excited ! Gonna be FUN ! 
What a day !!! The zoo was AWESOME . I could have stayed much longer ; felt like we ran a marathon thru there . But I understand ; we had a timetable to keep . Home for an hour , threw down supper then on to Awanas . The boys had a great time ! Thank you to the Livingston children for inviting them !! 
Hubby downloaded the bible onto my Zune . Happy girl !!! :)))) 
It gets really LOUD in here on football Sundays . :) 
On the countertop 
Can't tell if it's allergies or a cold . Feeling good other than that . Forces me to rest . :) In between naps , I'm getting a lot of work done . I could get used to this . 
Today was insanely hectic . I fought with the new cell phone for 2 hours trying to get my contacts updated . Melyssa at Verizon was too nice to me . :) Not sure I'm smart enough for this phone ! 
Nice Sunday @ home with boys ( after church of course ) . Had time to get some cleaning and laundry done . Kinda crazy that those two things were enjoyable . 
Thought I saw a piece of fuzz on carpet but then it MOVED . Didn't get to it quick enough so now there's a ginormous spider under the couch I'm sitting on ! Givin ' me the creeps ! 
Have to share some some funny bits of an article in Sunday's Early Bird ............. 
I need empty 2-liter pop bottles . Folks I work with .... can you bring me some ??? :) 
Watching < PROPFIRST>'s soccer game . Boys are having a rough game against < PROPFIRST > . Today might be it . 
Another hectic day . Soccer and preparing for our guests . most importantly ... Church . Missing Sun school and not happy about it . Priorities getting mixed up . Need this to all slow down a little bit . 
9 hour drive to Alabama today . Missing my family ! We're getting the weather that Ohio got earlier . Can't wait to come home on Friday . 
Great meeting today with collegues followed by dinner with a lovely friend I met years ago on my first trip to RTI . Missing my family . 
Trying to decide how early to come home . Hmmm .... 
It's sooooo nice to be home . Finishing up soccer this weekend , at least at the local level . Hubby is home this weekend ( yeah ! ) so we're working the concession stand . After that , we'll be headed to the sales looking for halloween costumes . We always wait til the day of when the prices are slashed . Trick or treat tonight in Arcanum . Nice family day . :) 
Another doggie in the Billenstein family . A white Boxer named Ziva . 
< PROPFIRST > played his first indoor soccer game tonight . He had a great time , played a good game . Offense couldn't get the ball down to the other end so it was a lopsided game but it was a good time ! 
Greenville Grace family .... what is the Castine food bank item of the month ? 
So nice that I can work from home . < PROPMALE > upgrade in our MRP and Inventory software and Shipping system . Testing the reports needed to bring in orders . :) 
Dinner is over and dishes are done and it's not even 7 . Normally just getting supper started . Took some cold meds so I'm about ready for bed . Sleepy ... 
I think < PROPFEMALE > is finally worn down . Staying up too late and working all day . Layed her little head on my shoulder ... just like my kids . Love her ! 
Dawned on us that < PROPFEMALE > was only 3 yrs old when I met < PROPFIRST > . Aaaaaawwwww 
Working tomorrow , then groceries , then NAP . Been looking forward to snuggling my baby boy . Then a soccer game in the evening . 
2 weeks ago today we got a boxer puppy . She was so skinny . Wondered if it was just her makeup since we're new to the boxer breed . Couldn't have been though because I can't see every muscle and rib when she moves now . She looks so much better . 
Head hurts . Wondering if I have strep . Fifth day I have woken up with headache . 
Colored < PROPFEMALE>'s hair , made muffins for dessert , homemade chicken noodles , mashed potatoes and corn for dinner . 
Google maps turn by turn FREE application is awesome ! 
Words just CANNOT express how happy I get to wait at the Dr's office . Especially enjoy watching the staff snack leisurely on cake and giggle while I wait . hehe 
Turkey taco ring for dinner . Mess cleaned up . Showers done . Relaxing with my babies . Aaaahhhh ..... 
It is FREEZING in here . Yes , I said it , I'm COLD ! 
Got our tree last night from Brown's . Got the lights on and some ribbon but the boys pooped out before we could finish it . On the agenda for this afternoon . Smells soooo good ..... love this season ! 
If you need to swear on your facebook posts , please de-friend me . If that statement offends you , again , de-friend me . Thanks . 
Watching < PROPMALE > . Tis the season ! 
So thankful for the blessings in my life . Thank you LG friends ! We really needed that ! 
It is 43 degrees in my bedroom . :) 
The people on Polar Express look strange . 
LOVE online < PROPMALE > pay ! 
My youngest son , < PROPFIRST > , is 7 yrs old . He's the only one of my children to suck his thumb from birth and also to cling to a \lovie\ " . His \ " lovie\ " is what he calls \ " feely shirts\ " . He started this when he was < PROPFEMALE >." 
Woohoo ! Top Chef All Stars ! Love this show !!! 
Today was a big day ! Breakfast with < PROPFEMALE > then on to the Dayton Mall for Christmas shopping . Spent the evening with my parents , < PROPMALE > , and < PROPFIRST > . Missed them ! 
< PROPFIRST > has strep and < PROPMALE > has bronchitis . Both on antibiotics . Missed church to take them to Dr. :( Glad they got antibiotics . Then got some Christmas shopping done . Spent some quality time with my beautiful niece . Love her ! 
Our puppy is coughing . Wonder what that's about . < PROPFIRST > is taking her to the puppytritian tomorrow . 
< PROPFIRST > had a great game tonight . Grandma and Grandpa made it so we had a nice visit , too . Got the grocery shopping done . Getting ready to cuddle my babies ! 
Will your eyes pop out of your head if you keep your eyes open during a sneeze ? Not true . The few people who can naturally keep their eyes open while sneezing manage to keep them firmly inside their head . There is no physical mechanism involved in a sneeze that could make your eyes pop out . 
|^^^^^^^^^^^|\ 
|The < PROPFEMALE > Truck |” \”; .. 
Playin euchre with the family after our Christmas brunch . 
Beautiful service at Greenville Grace tonight . Thank you < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPMALE > for your passionate love of Christ . The Lord works through all of you to bring < PROPFEMALE > to his name . 
All four of my boys are upstairs with the new Guitar Hero set ( drum , game , guitar , microphone ) . House is quiet . Thinking of Grandma . 
I promise you , < PROPFIRST > was just jamming with the kids on Guitar hero . I head a big \GOODNIGHT\ " at the end of a song . LOL ! " 
Almost ready for our nap . Baby-boy and I .... 
Homemade mashed potatoes , gravy , biscuits , ham steak , corn , and old fashioned < PROPMALE > n cheese for Christmas supper . Yummy in my tummy . 
Heading to KY in the morning with Sis , Bro , Mom to see Grandma . 
On our way . Should be there by 1:30 . Went thru some snow around Cincy . 
Made it to hospital . Grandma recognized all of us . She is in a lot of pain . We wonder if her hip is broken . She's so pretty . 
Roads are really nasty and it has been snowing most of the trip . Home around 10:30 ish . 
Trying to download tethering software to my laptop and it's taking forever ! 
Survey : When do you take down your Christmas tree ? 
Three different kinds of cookies made today . Now settled in to watch Salt with hubby and Mitchie . Boys are still Xboxin ' . 
Grandma update ... 
Went to Dr to get refill on script . Getting ambushed with a shot . Now I know how my kids feel . LOL ! 
Puppy and < PROPFEMALE > were playing tonight . < PROPFEMALE > bit her ear which bled like crazy . It's all taped up . Then , while we were away with friends , someone got Cheeto fingerprints all over her head . She needs a bath ! 
Our house is so quiet . < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > are gone for a few days . I hope she stays safe . Uuuuuggghhh , it's like she's my daughter , we skipped right from 16 to 21 tho ! 
< PROPFEMALE > made chicken enchiladas for dinner . Mmmm - mmmm good . 
Wow the week flew . Now spending some quality time with my four boys . Dinner , puppies , and ice cream . 
Ziva is going crazy for the new toy we got her . 
< PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > went to Cincy to check into the England/France trip . Hmm ... 
School is closed before the first snowflake . 
My mind is mush . Too much thinking today . 
Night fb . 
would like to get some rest this weekend after a crazy week but don't think it will happen . 
To everyone who is calling for stricter gun laws in light of the tragedy in Tucson , may I offer this little tidbit : If guns kill people , then pencils misspell words , cars drive drunk , and spoons make people fat . Remember : Hold the person accountable for their actions , not the means they chose to utilize !!! Re-post if you agree 
Woke up to dog poop on the floor . Nice . 
< PROPFIRST > made lunch . Sniff , sniff . He's growing up on me ! 
Last indoor soccer game of this session . Hope we didn't miss sign ups for next session . Speaking of soccer .... FM SAY board election is this coming Tuesday in the FM Elementary Cafeteria . Open to anyone ... not just FM parents . Pass the word ! 
Getting my nails done . < PROPFEMALE > took boys to Walmart . < PROPFIRST > got shotgun airsoft . Not so sure bout this new hobby of his . 
I'd have thought < PROPFIRST > had a log cabin in his finger . Jeesh . Had to try the needle out on < PROPMALE > before he'd quit having a moo-cow and let me get the splinter out . 
< PROPFEMALE > did my makeup , doing my hair right now . Getting ready to go out on a date with my hubby ! Not sure who's more excited , < PROPFEMALE > or < PROPFIRST > and I ! LOL 
Just saw < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > @ The Funny Bone @ The Greene . I actually laughed ! Wonderful dinner at Flemings too . Nice evening with Husband . 
Not feeling the best . Sinus cold . Took some Nyquil about 20 mins ago . Should be in a coma in about 20 more . 
Love my electric blanket . Love It . 
Grandma and Grandpa are home . They will be staying at Mom & Dad's house for awhile at least and hopefully forever . Spent several hours with them today . It was so nice . Painted Grandma's nails . :) 
I thought it had snowed but < PROPFIRST > showed me that it's actually < PROPFEMALE > ice balls . Reminds me of a snow cone . Not sure I've ever seen this type of ice . Pretty but dangerous . 
Had a nice day today ... Charlie went to Men's Training this morning . Spent a few hours discussing what he learned . Then < PROPFEMALE > and I went to a movie and got our nails done . Ended the day watching < PROPFIRST > play soccer at Englewood Indoor . Looking forward to church in the morning ! 
Wishing every day was Sunday ! 
< PROPFIRST > and I enjoyed a nice dinner at The Bistro while boys went to the Y and < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > out with G & G . :) 
Chillin with 5 boys . Zach spent the night with us . He's such a sweetie-pie . 
I just finished filing my taxes with TaxACT , you can try it for free : http://budurl.com/TaxACTFB1 
Just finished watching \The Nativity Story\ " with the family . Beautiful . " 
Just watched my favorite , < PROPFIRST > , get booted from Top Chef . Uuuuuugggghhhh !!!!! < PROPFEMALE > hasn't even won a challenge ! 
Cheesecake Factory @ The Green with my FAVORITE people . Been looking forward to this . 
< PROPFIRST > and I can almost wear the same size shoe ! Seriously ? 
Watching < PROPFIRST > @ Englewood Indoor . 
I'm so ready for our life to get back to normal . It has been a great weekend thus far spending time with my most fav 4 boys . 
Can you smelllllll what The Rock is cookin !! Yeah , I bet you didn't know I used to watch WWE Wrestling . :))) 
Went to Longfellows for lunch . Not my favorite . 
She's on the plane headed to TX . Praying her time here made a difference . She certainly made a < PROPFIRST > on my family . Love her ! 
Doooooooneyyyyy ! Thank you Hubby ! 
Just came out of movie called \I Am Number Four\ " . Already looking forward to the sequel ! Big day tomorrow . CoCo Key passes for the day . Then I'm off work Monday . Determined to read MacArthur and study in silence for at least 2 hours . Great weekend ! " 
Today was so nice . Took the day off work to give my mind a break . Cleaned carpets , scrubbed tub , floors , & kitchen ; got laundry caught up . Might not sound like it was very relaxing but it really , really was . 
Praying , praying , praying for the people of Japan and Hawaii . 
At Far Hills church for \Love Worth Fighting For\ " by < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > . Love spending time investing in marriage with hubby . " 
Thank you all for the birthday wishes ! 
I'm touched by the birthday wishes . Thank you , thank you , thank you ! 
Have just tons and tons of work to do but had to hit the pause button . < PROPFIRST > wanted to play pass and < PROPMALE > wanted to play \spy\ " . So glad we got outside and spent time together . Work will just have to wait . :) " 
Journey ....... 
Heard some sad news yesterday ... don't know all the facts . A child was injured in the Arcanum park a few days ago . Does anyone know if he is ok ? What happened ? I heard he is 11 yrs old . 
Watched my 1st pro soccer game 
Groooooooossssssssssssss ! The Poo factory is on TV . I never wanted to see that . Never Ever ! 
Watching The Scorpion < PROPMALE > with hubby . Mindless entertainment . I needed that ! 
banana 
The Japan earthquake has led to a slow down at work . By no means do I wish that to continue but the change of pace is really nice . Rather than working every spare moment this weekend , I was able to read a 387 < PROPFEMALE > fiction novel just for fun and rest and relax with the family . Haven't done that in a really long time . Feel refreshed ! 
