no longer possesses wisdom teeth . Ow . 

is in Super Hardcore AP Essay Mode . This is gonna take all day to finish ... 
PEOPLE OF FACEBOOK , RECOMMEND ME GOOD MOOSIK TO LISTEN TO . 
Gloomy Sunday . 
Is there life on Mars ? 
So tired of never sleeping . 
There , I'm < PROPFIRST > . Less confused ? Perhaps when I inevitably become a world-renowned drag < PROPFEMALE > , I'll change it to Kelin again . 
Breaking down . 
I'm so happy , ' cause today , I've found my friends , they're in my head . 
Some do it fast , some do it better in smaller amounts ... 
The medieval exorcists used a twenty gallon brass syringe filled with holy water , which they pumped into the anus of the possessed . 
THIS AIN'T ROCK ' N ' ROLL , THIS IS GENOCIDE !!!!! 1111 
\School goes by so fucking slow\ " \ " Yeah for you because you have long hair . You know what they say about guys with long hair right ...? \ " \ " Time goes very slow for them ? \ " \ " Yup . \"" 
No , don't worry , I won't hurt me . I won't hurt me ' cause I don't like to get dirty . 
I just now realized today was Super Bowl Sunday . 
The new Facebook confuses the shit out of me ... 
I have reached the peak of misery . 
I'M A FREE BITCH , BABY 
So I have to do almost the entire History vs . Hollywood project by 6 AM , in addition to my pysch homework . Tonight is not going to be a fun night ... 
Instead of doing homework , I've been staying up all night watching Lady Gaga videos . Priorities . 
I have an idea that Gatsby himself didn’t believe it would come , and perhaps he no longer cared . If that was true he must have felt that he had lost the old warm world , paid a high price for living too long with a single dream . He must have looked up at an unfamiliar sky through frightening leaves and shivered as he found what a grotesque thing a < PROPFEMALE > is and how raw the sunlight was upon the scarcely created grass ... 
Nothing amazing ever happens here . 
I'm happy , hope you're happy too . I've loved all I've needed love . Sordid details following ... 
So , like , who has B lunch ? 
My Facebook < PROPFEMALE > is like ... broken . 
Jellybeans . 
When I hold you in my arms , and I feel my finger on your trigger , I know nobody can do me no harm . 
Went to bed at 4 PM . Woke up at 7 AM . What just happened ? 
Haircut , 17 , etc . 
If I could yell like Black < PROPFIRST > , I would never speak normally again ... 
Er , anyone know when the AP English essay is due ? 
Well , time to annotate an entire book by 6 AM tomorrow . I am not quite sure how I'm going to accomplish this . 
Ice age comin ' , ice age comin ' ... 
Getting sick . I hate being sick . You lose all motivation , you can't enjoy anything . The only thing you can think about is how much you wish you weren't sick . 
You domestic terrorists pick the worst times for your attacks ! 
No American Pastoral SparkNotes ? And I only read the first quarter of the novel ? And it's 3 AM ? Alright , NiceNet , I accept your challenge . 
desperately needs a new picture ... 
\Find out more about your epilepsy . Join a clinical study today . \ " I didn't even know I had epilepsy . " 
17th shitty Christmas in a row . I am so fed up with people . 
My paper is two pages too short and incredibly unorganized , but a full 7 pages for a rough draft is bulllllllshittttttttttt 
Ahaha , love how this Oingo Boingo album I downloaded was tagged as Kvlt Metal . Don't ask me why I am listening to Oingo Boingo . 
I have grossly underestimated the time it would take to complete a seven < PROPFEMALE > paper . 30 minutes to write another fully typed < PROPFEMALE > . Godspeed . 
Certified liontologist . 
I think I have more Bowie songs than most reasonable people's entire libraries ... 
All-nighter . As soon as I get home , I am going to sleep forever . 
GP renders me sleepless once again . 
Good news : got accepted into Pitt . Bad news : My dog is lost somewhere in Montgomeryville . 
Aw shit , is that a new photo after 3 years of the same profile pic ? You're damn right it is . 
6+ < PROPFEMALE > essay on books I've never read a < PROPFEMALE > of ? Alright , GP , let's dance . 
