feels like swimming again . 

was sleeping all day ! 
is hapy she is almost done with 9th grade !!!! 
Found out I am going on a vacation soon . 
really likes her career class ! 
just got really cool < PROPMALE > books ! 
IS REALLY KABOOKIE PRETZEL !!!!!!!! 
is thinking .... 
was so happy this weekend , it was the best weekend I ever had before because I got baptized as one of Jehovah's Witnesses ! 
Can't wait for March , hopefully my application for Auxiliary Pioneer Service will be exepted ! I am going to see what happends , if it goes really well and works out with my schedule , I hope to Auxiliry Pioneer regularly if I can . 
Is going out of town tomorrow . 
Today was a great day in service ! 
Is knitting gloves and is making a paper flower purse for a party . 
Needs to have some service plans made with people . 
Is going to do seldom worked territory May 28 through June 1 
Got home at 11pm last night from seldom worked territory . It was awesome ! I wish I could stay there forever ! 
Has been sick of being so sick for a long time ! This is the fourth month . 
Meeting tomorrow night !!! So happy ! 
1973 ! 
Is going to visit The riverside congregation today 
So I have decided to study the Burmese language and help out with the Burmese refugees ! 
I can't wait for the Special Assembly Day this sunday ! 
Is going to auxiliary pioneer next month . :) 
feels good to be able to work out and being able to breath doing so ! 
Had a great day yesterday ! 
what do you think of me ? 
Before I start my suger-free diet , I am having a cup of ghirardelli hot chocolate !!! :) 
Describe me in 1 word using the THIRD letter of YOUR name . This is fun . Answer me , then copy and paste and put it as ur status to see what u get :) 
Is going to meet someone I talked on the phone with to give them a Bible Teach book in South < PROPFIRST > ! 
Had a blast today in service , now I am getting ready for the meeting tonight . 
meeting at the Riverside congregation was great ! I am glad to be back . :) 
Tomorrow will be a long day in service ! :) 
press ctrl , alt , and the left arrow together ! :) 
Yesterday was a blast , after the party my friends were over and we danced ! 
Nothing to do today , but sleep . 
decided to go to my gym and work out . :) 
is really really tired . 
meeting tonight 
Found out we have to move AGAIN !!!!!! 
is making a purse for < PROPFEMALE > 
Wrote 5 letters today and later will go on a study 
:( 
Just noticed that it is thursday ! 
Today was a great day ! :) 
Getting caught up with work today and tomorrow , then the rest of the week I will go in service . 
Is debating if I should make dinner tonight for the family ...... 
Shoot me a text @ my number :) 
The convention was great , can't wait to go again this weekend ! :) 
Can't wait for tonight ! :) 
Will be at the convention this weekend helping the refugees !!! :) 
New pictures from the convention are now up ! :) 
is going to be at a friends house for a few days 
So yesterday it felt like I was stoned and today it feels like I have a hangover ! GREAT ! 
Is at the beach :) 
man I think my camera broke !!!!!!!! : ..... ( 
Yey meeting is tomorrow !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :) :) :) :) :) :) :) 
Thursday = daily Bible reading , preparing for my studies , rollerblading in my naborhood , and work ! :) 
tuesday = daily Bible reading , work , and then < PROPFEMALE > out at the pool with my friend ! :) 
Man ! I don't know how to describe it ! :) 
Has a talk tomorrow ! :) 
is missing living in Round Rock . 
is going for a jog 
went for a walk today and did no work ! :) 
< PROPFEMALE > class tomorrow . YES !!!! :) 
Yey ! I will be in Round Rock this weekend 
What is everyone doing for super bowl sunday ? 
it's January right ? 
is nervous for < PROPFEMALE > class today becuase it's at my home tonight : 0 
Why doesn't anyone have school tell tuesday ? 
Great day today ! 
Has a talk in the front school . :) So excited ! 
Yes it's monday ! I've been waiting for you . :) 
