From a pagan persepctive - when it comes to \ 
warrior goddesses . there really aren't any warrior gods who can equal \ 
them . 

You shall know the\ 
truth , and the truth shall make you odd . \ 
- Flannery O'Connor 
May all my family , friends and readers be inscribed and sealed in the \ 
Book of Life , find deep and lasting joy , and be Divinely blessed with \ 
all good on this New Year . 
Ohmygosh , I definitely need to remove twitter from my wall . 
That's much better ! 
I'm trying to reset some of my Facebook settings , bear with me . 
I can't get my feeds to post on my wall since I took off Twitter . Nothing I do is working . All my settings seem right . I'm frustrated with Facebook at the moment . 
I give up on fixing this for tonight . 
If anyone can tell me how to fix it so that my blog posts post to my wall again , please help ! Facebook is not cooperating with me . 
Have a blessed and safe Samhain / Halloween ! 
BRAVO ! to my grandson < PROPFIRST > on a beautiful violin performance this evening on 1490 AM radio ! 
RTÉ . ie will be streaming the Winter Solstice sunrise from the inner chamber at Newgrange from 8.55 am GMT on 21 December . This time corresponds to Tuesday , December 21 , 2010 at 02:55 AM CST in the United States . 
To all my family and friends who celebrate Christmas and New Years - < PROPFEMALE > Christmas and may you all be blessed with health , happiness , joy and all goodness . 
Discounts available for purchases over $75 and over $150 at WITCHCRAFTS by Liorah Lleucu . Convo shoppe for unique Coupon Code to be used at checkout to receive discount . 
I am posting this from my old laptop . My computer is down and going for repairs tomorrow . I'm not ingnoring answering anyone , but my computer situation may keep me occupied through the weekend . Hope not , but if my reply is absent or slow in coming , you know why . 
Blessed Imbolc ! 
My sister in law's surgery went well today , thank Goddess . 
After having two lobes of one lung removed , she's on nasal oxygen , with an SPO2 of 100% and out of ICU now ! 
Blessed be Goddess for bringing me to this day ! 
ANOTHER formal complaint has been filed with Etsy Support for slander and harassment of me by < PROPFEMALE > Upshaw of White Magick Shoppe who has also now encouraged other Etsians to also begin harassing me in convos and on my blog . I've had to file several complaints over the past several months , and as yet , Etsy has not stopped this repeated abuse of me . Sisters ! help me ! What can i do to stop this ? 
I have removed myself from the SOA by refusing to comply with an ultimatum issued to me by the SOA council , containing within its words among other things , a blatant lie accusing me of posting a Sisterspace conversation between two Sisters on my public blog . This is a fabricated lie against me . Be careful my true friends . 
Be wary of organizations where there is no mechanism of accountability of leaders to the laypeople . 
First day on my new job went really well ! A very good sign ! 
What a beautiful weekend this is turning out to be ! 
Happy Purim and Ostara to all my friends ! 
