Happy New Years Eve .. be safe ... remember whatever your doing at midnight u will be doing all year ... make it great !! 

how do I add pictures on here ? I'm so out of the loop ... lol 
how it all comes together and falls apart again ... thats life ... huh ... enjoy the wild ride !!!!!!! 
Happy Independence day !!!!! 
need prayers for luck , peace , and success please ... 
I am gonna be a grandma again !!!!!! 
Attending a personal growth seminar to create abundance and love in my life !!!!! Life is amazing .... PSI seminars check it out ... life changing ... TO THINK IS TO CREATE !!!! 
APX alarm company sucks !!!! Buyer beware !!! 
It's HOOOOOOOOOTTTTTTTT in Phoenix !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
POOL PARTY !!!!!!! 
“Every man must decide whether he will walk in the light of creative altruism or in the darkness of destructive selfishness . \\ 
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other . \ 
~ Abraham Lincoln ~ 
Trying to change someone is a waste of time . The very thought of changing someone is saying that they are not good enough as they are , and it is soaked with judgment and disapproval . That is not a thought of appreciation or love , and those thoughts will only bring separation between you and that person . You must look for the good in people to have more of it appear . 
< PROPFEMALE > your visions . < PROPFEMALE > your ideals . < PROPFEMALE > the music that stirs in your heart , the beauty that forms in your mind , the loveliness that drapes your purest thoughts , for out of them will grow all delightful conditions , all heavenly environment , of these , if you but remain true to them your world will at last be built . ~ As a Man Thinketh ~ 
KLotz's with unclaimed money in Indiana .. check it out .. 
< PROPFEMALE > I am in total agreement !!! 
I am open to receive the abundance of the universe NOW !!!!!! 
sure find out who your friends are when your down and out !!!!! 
N2itv1 \ 
Your One Stop Intuitive Spot .. check it out 
2+2 = 5 That is always the answer ... Just because one person said something that makes sense to them and can defend their thoughts doesn't make it a reality for you , until you accept it as one . 
How do I delete a photo ? 
\The indispensable first step to getting the things you want out of life is this : decide what you want . \"~ Ben Stein ~ " 
went ot Kewl meditation last night !!!! 
I have a bowflex for sale 
ok everyone has to send good juju my way at 9am tmmrw ... positive thoughts .. if you pray please include me !!! Thanks ... abundance to all !!!!! 
Omg I need to sleep ... 
I am a gorgeous , worthy , brilliant woman passionately enjoying spiritual and intimate relationships in my life NOW ! 
Life is soooo interesting .... abundance to all 
Gratitude ... 
Anybody know anyone famous or important person ? 
I ask and therefore I receive .. I deserve to fulfill my < PROPFEMALE > 
I invite new choices into my life . My goals are coming manifest ! my future is full of possibilities !!! 
OMG case 39 is an excellent scary thriller ... watch it ! 
Camped in Sedona and did an all day meditation retreat ... awesome ... life is amazing .. Omega tonight !!! 
steps 1 , 2 , and 3 ... turn my will and life over to the care of God !!!! Amen ... 
Life is very interesting !!!!!!!!!!! What amazing thing will happen next ???? 
< PROPFEMALE > Sprow on my friends list does Reiki healings ... contact her NOW 
One more hoop jumped thru ! Taking myself to lunch .. 
Meditate don't medicate ... 
Who believes in soulmates ? Love at first sight ? Fate ? < PROPFEMALE > ? 
Ok everyone needs to send good energy my way at 11am tmmrw ... as if lives depended on it .... thanks 
Ok everyone think positive thoughts for my highest good Now please 
Hot springs are my new favorite weekend get away ... 
Don't drink coffee at 8pm ... note to self .. 
So what do you think of a person who attempts to ruin another career because you don't work out as a couple ? 
What do u think of someone who contests a restraining order to have the other person served ? 
Happy Sunday everyone ... 
Wow 40yrs old today !!!!! 
Ho Ho Ho < PROPFEMALE > Christmas ... 
Abundance Health and Love to all ; ) 
Your just like a fine wine .. you get better with time ! 
Don't be the first one to fall asleep if you one of 4 boys .. lol 
Happy Sunday football ... 
1/11/11 baby your a firework !!!! 
Happy Birthday to my grandson < PROPMALE > 7 yrs old today ... I Love You ! 
Let in the love and light ... health , wealth , and happiness to all ... 
Believe in forgiveness and that everything happens for a reason ... need lots of loving energy today ... whoosh !! 
Thanks for all the love yesterday ... it worked !! 
