what a towel 

phone RIP 
just watched two friend throw up 2 gallons of milk , very smelly , very messy 
finally has an apartment and a job ; champagne and cigarillos will be consumed 
slightly concerned why a 19 mile run felt so good 
loves it when you're cleaning your room and you find a PBR tall boy in your coat pocket from two nights ago 
welcomes the weekend 
its been a good night when you need to cose one eye to see straight , < PROPFEMALE > chrismas , and happy whatever you celebrate 
despite being a year older , still celebrates traditions w/ the team , happily 
leand that if ur belly flips over the elastic part of ur underware , you may want to consider losing weight . btw , go Whiskey Tango ! 
nothing says fuk you , like starting the week with a 10 hour day ... is it thursday yet ? 
no phone 
( 419 ): I woke up to a text that said \You're a fucking asshole\ " Why is she so pissed at me ? ( 937 ): Im guessing it has something to do with running up to her boyfriend screaming \ " THIS IS SPARTA\ " and kicking him in the balls . ( 419 ): Is that considered a cock block ? " 
can still run a 4:50 on nuts alone 
doppleganger says i fall somewhere between < PROPMALE > nowitzki and hot asain models , huh 
hello , -lo , - lo , anyone still in burlington , -ton , -ton ? < PROPFEMALE > , -ho 
just found my mailbox at work , going through six months worth of junk mail 
drunk on a sunday reading a scientific paper , and now an officialial part of a journal club , wtf has my life come to !? 
has a long way to go before memorial day 
thing about a V-neck shirt is it's an awful convenient place to hold a beer 
Hmn , just met the racoon(s ) that lives in the attic . Not dealing with it now . 
Vermont just said Fuck You and killed my hopes and dreams 
Brilliant landlord just covered up the hole in my neighbors house where the racoons have been living but forgot to make sure the racoon was gone first . Watching it trying to break out through the chicken wire , I don't know who I want to win 
The raccoons think its chill to move into my place ... again . Over . My . Dead . Body . 
oh , herro burrington 
I is confused ... \ 
If any of these nonsense wannabe tea bagers -- who hate washington -- actually get elected and go to washington , and they still don't change shit . Then what happens ? \ 
Do they acknowledge what we've been saying ( that they're all nuts ) , or do they complain that it's our fault that they're powerless . \ 
I have my speculations ... 
ugly ? yes , but how bout them hawks ? 
never thought i'd see someone's groshawk impression on church st at 1:30 ; i'm now a wiser man 
costa rica 
back to science 
mmm , beerfest 
you may not have it made , but you're certainly in a good place when you live two doors down from a bar , whom the bartenders ' names are Bear and < PROPFIRST > 
\is that posion < PROPFEMALE > ? well . ill find out in a few days . \ " yup it definitely was . " 
forgot which corner of the envelope you're supposed to put the stamp on ; good weekend , bad monday 
21.5 mi in two days and feelin great ; im back . 
gonna hurt myself pretty good today 
all plans have fallen through , damn 
o < PROPMALE > teabaggerz , Dems say thanx for letting them keep the senate . i wonder if there will even be a teabagger party in 6 years . 
11 hour workday and going in early tomorrow , hello vodka 
I said you got me where you want me again and I can’t turn away . I'm hanging by thread and I'm feelin’ like a fool . I'm stuck here in-between the shadows of my yesterday , I want to get away , I need to get away . 
I fail 
preparing to lead journal club while having a beer or four , this is what happens when i dont keep work at work . 
hair froze while on a run , officially winter 
wtf GOP , our heroes of 9-11 aren't worth taking care of ? 
Apps are all out . hopefully someone will ask for an interview ... probably should cut my mullet . 
I don't know who I'm more upset with right now , the Giants or desean < PROPMALE > . Fuk it , running . 
one of my favorite sounds : ice settling in a glass of liquor 
good bye mullet , i will miss your warmth and fluffyness 
turned the gas on the bunsen burner the wrong way , almost lost an eyebrow , good times . 
13 mile run at -1F , still shaking a little bit but still going to t-ruggs for the next few hours . Drop by if anyone wants to have a drink and watch the game 
birthday brew day in a blizzard , great success . thanks everyone for the messages . 
20 gallons of beer fermenting in the closet , half day tomorrow and then weekend in boston . its gonna be good 
funny thing about poor decisions ; you only regret them later . 
First first author paper is submitted , champagne and cigars will have to wait until the reviews come back 
