very tired from work 

The new NCIS dvd came out today !!! YAY !!!! i'm a little addicted =-) 
I'm going to kill my laptop in about 2 minutes .... the screen will go black for no reason sometimes and i don't know why 
Man I hope bible study is on for friday . I finally have a day off from Fazoli's and I'm in desperate need of some God/friends-time . 
12 more days of summer til college enslaves me =( 
oh man work was horrible today . i felt miserable and i had to close . glad to be home and to have the weekend off !!!! WOO-HOO ! 
manit is so nice to sleep in and know that you don't have anywhere to be today 
\Why are these lights so bright ? Did we get hitched last night ? Dressed up like Elvis ... Why'm I wearing your class ring ? \ " la la la la la la " 
just got done watching Up and it was so cute !!! not what i expected at all 
momma made me my grandma's biscuits with black syrup ... yum !!! what a great way to start the day ! 
got my books and found my classes . now i'm finally ready to start college 
working 5-close tonight . ugh . pray for me to get done quickly !!!! 
closing at work wasn't as bad as i thought it would be . and tomorrow i only work 5-8 so i get a break from these long hours !!! woo hoo ! 
i hate the hicups 
finally got the last season of NCIS on dvd !!! yay ! can't wait for the next season to start on tv . September 22 
i'm off again on friday so hopfully there will be bible study ! 
man does anyone remember the cartoon The Rescuers ? my mom ust bought the dvd and now i'm watching it lol . this is like a blast to the past ! 
you'd think with only 3 hours of sleep that i would be tired but i'm not . how am i ever gonna get back on schedule for school ? 
man i'm addicted to these quiz things 
alright well i'm off to try to get some sleep . talk to you all tomorrow 
oh my goodness . my dad is a car nerd 
i wonder where my life will lead me 
man i am hungry ! 
I'm so happy to be home and off of work on Friday ! Bible study anyone ? 
When I could not reach mercy , mercy came running to me ! 
how come whenever i try to do the interview thingy , it will never go past that stupid banana question ? 
nervous for the first day of college 
wow . i'd almost forgotten how much i HATE mornings . ugh 
the weight of my world is starting to bear down on me 
college has made me dog tired 
i never thought i would feel so accomplished just by finishing homework lol 
Today I've got Math and Psycology class then < PROPFEMALE > is so graciously picking me up and then I'm off to work at 5 
I'm tired of people only thinking about themselves 
bought the first season of supernatural ! man i love this show ! 
gotta close tonight . hopfully it won't be too bad . 
yay college !!!!! 
i'm determined to turn < PROPFEMALE > into a NCIS junkie 
i'm ready for a guy to come along who is ready to risk everything to be with me ......... sounds like a line out of a chick flick lol 
my official psych professor is back from Africa and i'm so happy cuz she is so much better than the other guy . much more interesting !!!! 
i love brownie batter ! 
i'm thinking i had more brownie than i could handle lol 
Today is going to be a great day because I said so and nothing is going to change that . 
i'm so excited that i get to leave college early today !!!!!! WOO HOO !!!! 
my mom is so addicted to farm town 
is not happy about the ending of supernatural this week =( 
If I Can Only Be With You In My Dreams , Then Let Me Sleep Forever . 
school tomorrow and then closing at work . what a perfect way to end the week , right ? =/ 
off to math class 
closing at work tonight then self-defence tomorrow morning at weisenborn . man i really miss being in crime watch !!! 
so i'm officially addicted to this song by skillet called monster 
can't we just skip halloween ??? 
Went to five different freakin stores and not one of them had the second season of Supernatural =( 
2 hr House premiere tonight !!!! tomorrow night NCIS and NCIS : LA premiere !!!!!! this is one of the only great things about fall 
ugh i have a psycology test on wednesday and there is SO MUCH to study !!!! 
all i want to do is sleep 
so i officially hate macs ..... i'm a pc kinda girl 
philly cheese steaks are FLIPPIN FANTASTIC !!! 
so when you get the < PROPMALE > , are you gonna take it ? there's a really big world at your fingertips and you know you've got the < PROPMALE > to change it . 
alright i'm off to study . NCIS premiere tonight !!!!! woo hoo ! 
had a great day . everything went just right ! 
just finished my english paper . now i've got to do some psych . yay 
i love lazy days ! 
just found out that they are making one of my favorite books , The Host , into a movie !!!!! oh man i'm freaking out over here !!!!!! 
is staying home tomorrow and taking the day off 
i have a brother for sale . anyone want him ??? 
i am totally in love with chicken and dumplings 
had a couple energy drinks and now i'm wired 
feels very accomplished 
is super duper afraid of spiders 
man it feels good to be all clean and just relax after a hard day's work 
i aced my psychology exam !!!!! yay !!! 
is getting ready to rake the yard . it always seems like our leaves are the first to fall 
i am ready for thanksgiving to be here . 
closing at work tonight =( 
wants to go to North < PROPFEMALE > again this summer !!! 
doc appt after school to get my flu vaccine then NCIS later !!!!! yay 
missed a class on accident . silly me . 
nighty night . sleep tight 
is rocking the popped collar 
is ready to go home 
is bored to tears 
i tell you now Satan you have lost again !!!! 
is in love with the guitar on Back in Black by ACDC 
man my room is crazy cold . i think i'm gonna buy a heater before winter comes around . 
is closing at work once again . in other words ..... come eat at fazoli's!!!!! 
man i'm so happy that tomorrow is friday !!!! 
made it through the day . i guess thats good news 
today's just one of those days that i could care less about what i look like 
really doesn't want to write her english paper 
hates being sick . 
attempted making home-made taffy with my momma . didn't go as well as we planned lol 
is polishing her english paper and listening to < PROPFIRST > buble . thanks mr wyrick for all your infinite knowledge !!!! 
trying to figure out my schedule for winter quarter 
hates yogert with fruit chuncks in it ! yuck ! 
please pray for my family . it sounds like my great gma is getting ready to die and we're going to go visit her tonight . pray that we get there in time to see her and that God will comfort us 
i have the bestest best friend in the world ! < PROPFEMALE > i love you and i really don't know what i would do without you ! 
Kings Island Fear Fest next Saturday with the fantastic five ( Butch , < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > and Me) !!!! haven't < PROPMALE > out with my friends in forever and now the whole gang is getting together !!!!! YAY 
some people in my family can be so dumb . ugh 
hopfully work doesn't drag by tonight 
can't remembers the last time i played with my keyboard . how sad ! i'm gonna have to do that tonight before heading off to bed !!!! 
needs to study for my Psychology exam next monday =( 
getting ready to go to my ' friend-making ' class lol 
ITS FINALLY FRIDAY 
man , why do my joints hurt so much today ?!?!?!?!?! 
i don't know what i'm gonna do without bible study at the browns house !!!!! =( 
listening to < PROPFIRST > buble and making taffy . hopfully the new recipe will work better than the last one =) 
hot apple cider = fall 
man i'm ready to go back to bed ! 
i feel a long day coming on 
i love the feeling of having a weight taken off of your sholders 
closing at work four days in a row is going to be tiring 
math , psych , then closing again tonight . man i'm exhausted ! cant wait for it to be saturday !!!!!! 
The Proposal is AMAZING !!!!!! 
ate a delicious roast beef panini . now i am content 
one word .............. PAYDAY 
how can anyone believe that the world we live in was an accident . life is so beautiful and complex . how can chaos bring about the grand canyon and the sea and mountains and millions of species of animals and human life ? it would be easier to take apart all the pieces of a watch and shake them in a bag until they were put back together . isn't it plainly obvious that there is a God and that He made everything we know ? 
i love rock and roll ! so put another dime in the jukebox baby ! 
it is way too cold outside to be fall ! 
is too tired to function this early in the morning 
But luck will leave you cause It is a faithless friend And in the end when life has got you down You've got someone here that you can wrap your arms around So hold on to me tight 
is craving biscuits and black gravy . i'll learn how to make it this weekend ... 
watching Silverado for the first time . < PROPFIRST > Costner used to be very cute . 
KINGS ISLAND TONIGHT !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
is getting ready to write the english paper i failed to do this weekend . 
summer nights ! everybody are you with me ? let that igloo cooler < PROPFIRST > your piece of paradise ! summer nights ! everybody's feeling sexy ! Holler if your ready for some summer night ! 
now i'm all caught up 
is kicking butt and taking names ! i feel on top of the world ! 
29 more days 
took a 2 hour nap on a couch in the piano room 
is happy to be home from work 
Psych class at 3 , Paranormal Activity tonight and staying at < PROPFEMALE>'s house , Fazoli's ralley tomorrow morning at 9 , then shopping for a costume 
eating Olde Tyme pretzles and drinkin a cafe mocha in psych class . YUM 
is anyone having a halloween party ???? 
lots to do today . gotta love mondays 
when is beggers night in huber ? 
has got a stuffy nose !!! yuck :p 
gets to wear her halloween costume for kidsnight at Fazoli's!!!! YAY !!! 
just got done watching the strangest video in english class 
Draw a pig and discover your personality ! lol its at drawapig.desktopcreatures.com/drawApig.asp 
is slightly freaking out about winter registration 
is closing tonight but off for the rest of the weekend !!!!!! YAY 
has an utterly dumb computer 
ugh ! long night ..... but hoping for a long weekend 
forgot to do her math homework . oops ! 
two more weeks of classes , one week of exams , and six weeks of winter break 
feels wide awake !!! yay for daylight savings time 
is in love with the show Three Rivers ! 
' s new found love -------- paninis 
feels like crap . its been a long day ! and now i get to look forward to tomorrow . 
does not want to write this english paper 
alright i'm going to finish my paper now , before i go to work 
if i eat cereal at 130 in the morning , is it considered breakfast ??? 
just wrote a rediculous essay in english about a pencil sharpener . weirdest assignment ever ! 
another night spent at work . thank God i'm off tomorrow ! 
everyone else was doing this so i wanted to put it up too ! FACEBOOK EXPERIMENT- if you are reading this , whether or not we speak often , please post a comment of the first memory you have of us together that pops in your head . When you've finished , post this paragraph on your own status ; you will be surprised what people remember about you . 
is super sore from working last night . 
no school on wednesday ! woo hoo ! 
' s hands are ice cold ! 
my psychology book says that people are becoming more intelligent ...... i beg to differ 
one class today , don't have to close , and no school tomorrow . i feel like i'm getting spoiled ! 
studying for my UVC exam . ugh 
can't wait for the weekend ! 
no more school for me !!!! yay ! 
Friday can't get here quick enough 
pardon my nerdy-twilight-obsessed-fan moment but ....... we are officially hours away from the release of the movie new < PROPFEMALE > !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ( i'm just slightly freaking out . no worries ) 
is having a great weekend . Can't wait for Thanksgiving ! 
doesn't feel good . ugh i've got some sort of cold and i feel like crap . this is dumb 
visited the < PROPMALE > High today with < PROPFEMALE > and finally bought a heater for my crazy cold room ! 
loves how Officer Garlow tries to give advise about dating lol 
Happy Thanksgiving Everyone !!!!!! 
oh goodness . just watched My Sister's Keeper and it was SO SAD !!!!!! i don't remember crying so much in one movie ! 
is ready to start putting up the christmas tree .... maybe next weekend 
power went out today for a couple hours . ugh please let winter be over already !!!!! 
\don't you see all your dreams lie right in the palm of your hand \"--- vanessa < PROPMALE > " 
went to Cliffton Mills and had a great time hanging out with friends 
baby , it's cold outside ! 
had an awesome time at kaseys house for < PROPMALE>'s b-day party . definately the most fun i've had all break long lol 
So Avatar was pretty good 
gotta get back to the real world next monday . ugh 
pulled an allnighter -- now lets see if i can make it through the rest of the day 
getting ready to go pick up my books for college 
first day back to school + closing at work = yuck 
is tired of school already 
3 hr chem lab today . not looking forward to it 
i smelled my mobile phone in my car because i'm sexy and i do what i want 
OWWWW !.... papercut =( 
does anybody else think that mondays are overwelming ??? 
my new obsession : raspberry tea 
what was I thinking when I took this dumb greek class ????? 
today's just another piece of the puzzle 
loves the funny faces people make right before they sneeze =) 
< PROPFEMALE > -- beautiful , sexy , and intelligent with a good sense of humor . loving , sincere , and trustworthy with an amazing personality . < PROPFEMALE > has a beautiful smile enchanting eyes and a great figure with a killer ass . she is everything a man wants in a woman 
Go to urbandictionary.com Type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status . Put the definition of your name as your first 
three words --- male restroom etiquette hahaha 
i hate chemistry 
i don't like that new music at fazoli's .... its all in italian and now i can't sing along =( 
sociology homework : act weird and see how people react ......... ok 
so i'm actually starting to like football . wow . i just need a team to root for now 
Dear Winter , We are at your mercy . Please give us a break ! < PROPFEMALE > 
today's not so bad 
had the best close in the history of the world ! 
hates it when i can't find any music on the radio that i want to listen to 
you think u know a guy . turns out to be a fraud with scams hiding up his sleeves . 
is very exhausted 
is so not ready for my chem exam tomorrow 
college is turning me into a zombie 
could seriously use a nap 
my brother's stomach is a black hole !!!!! 
registered for spring classes and got all the ones i wanted . YAY ! happy pancake day by the way !!!!! 
spinach artichoke chicken pizza = yum 
can't believe i actually had a good week ..... thumbs up 
if anyone likes listening to piano music , check out < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > long ..... ah man i wish i would play like that 
chemistry is going to occupy my entire day ...... ugh i need to get this grade up ! 
my life currently sucks 
oh no ! they are remaking the karate kid . u can't redo a classic like that ! 
LAST CHEM LAB TODAY !!!!! YAY 
working to get stuff crossed off my to-do-list today ... this week is going by fast ! i can hardly keep up ! 
is feeling super tired today . wouldn't mind if work was slow tonight 
today is a wonderful day !!!!! 
Plans for this weekend : visit family near < PROPMALE > and buy my car on saturday , then study chemistry on sunday . oh its gonna be a fun time 
=) 
well today was fun ! 
just devoured the rest of my easter < PROPFEMALE > 
getting ready for the house to be invaded by a bunch of messy 15 year old boys . reinforcements will be here shortly . this should be fun . 
never wants spring break to end !!!! 
is sore from twister 
and so it begins 
cotton candy = fluffy happiness 
closing everyday this week but i get the weekend off ... can't really complain 
is on the search of powdered donuts\\n 
it's an ice cream cone kinda day 
is not good at going to bed early ... 
went with dad , < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > to kilkare today . it was AWESOME !!!! 
bought my first scrubs today and now i'm super excited to become a nurse . yay !!!! 
throat is starting to get sore . ugh i really don't want to be sick ! 
taking a break from life today\\n 
i am bored out of my mind !!!!!!!!!!!! 
just for the record ... matt fannin is a master of cheesecakery 
just one more month ..... just one more month 
is gonna get my stuff done today . yay for productivity ! on a side note , go check out this new band called this love at myspace.com/callahan ... they're pretty awesome 
microbiology is going to murder me 
is tired of studying 
this week is looking like it's going to be tough to get through 
really wishes we had an ihop around here ! \\n 
is off of work friday , saturday , sunday , and monday ! who wants to < PROPFEMALE > out ?!?!?! 
my mom never fails to make me crack up laughing 
putt-putting later ??? 
It's raining and < PROPFEMALE > outside ...... pretty cool !!! 
someone spit on my car !!!! i hope they trip and fall on their face ...... 
thanks everyone for all the birthday wishes !!!!! you guys made my day that much more awesome !!!!! 
it's about time 
toy story 3 was amazing 
i miss shows like growing pains ! 
you know you're a nerd when you get excited to buy books ... 
is starting to think there's a ghost in my attic lol 
is going on an emergency chocolate run 
el toro gets 2 thumbs up ! 
went to the mall today and didn't spend a dime . i'm so proud of myself ! lol 
momma-daughter days are the best ! \\n 
ATTENTION . < PROPFIRST > tomlinson is a beast . that is all . 
we all just need to put life on hold and take a freakin VACATION !!!!!!!! 
Old Hickory has the best ribs around ! 
If you have a mom who has made you laugh , wiped your tears , hugged you \ 
tight , watched you succeed , saw you fail , cheered you on and kept you \ 
strong . Moms are a promise from God that you will have a friend forever ! \ 
I love you mom ! ? Put this as your status if you love your mom . 
inception was brilliant . glad it lived up to the hype 
whose birght idea was it to build a mosque right up the road from ground zero ? 
had fun in tennessee but glad to be back home =) 
He'll move heaven and earth to come rescue you when you call 
Is learning the language of football 
is actually looking forward to work just so i can get away from school 
planning on a busy weekend . no rest for the weary 
had a blast with my momma , < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPFIRST > at the wedding ! who knew we could teach mom to dance ?!?! 
i'm tired of flashcards ... 
an exam every week for the rest of the quarter ??? this is bull 
feels so relieved !!! 
i hope it rains like this for the rest of today 
I've been beaten down . I've been kicked around . But He takes it all for me . \ 
Well I've had my ways , they were all in vain . But He waited patiently . \ 
It was all the same , all my pride and shame . But He put me on my feet . \ 
They call Him love love love love love and He is all I need . 
needs to stop panicing 
starting to feel like i've got a little breathing room 
Just when i thought this week was gonna get better .... 
Can someone tell me what is wrong with my car ??? 
who's excited for sniffles season ?!?! 
I laugh every time i see a guy driving a vw bug 
is so excited for the weekend 
my nose is pitchin a fit ! 
is eating cough drops like < PROPFEMALE > 
... and now its time to get ready for Christmas !!! 
Getting ready to do Thanksgiving # 2 
fazoli's is occupying my whole day !!!! ugh , i guess its ok tho 
Feeling much better today !!! 
Hanging out at living word for the christmas concert with the browns . Its gonna be great ! \\n*raiders girl * 
Have yourself a < PROPFEMALE > little Christmas . Let your heart be light . From now on , our troubles will be out of sight . 
alright so .... what are your favorite Christimas songs ? 
Why are we having spring weather in the middle of winter ? 
school tomorrow =( 
please cancel class ... please cancel class ... please cancel class ... please cancel class 
i'm a youtube-oholic 
What is the best way to jump-start your day ? Kick butt on Black Ops 
i just want to fast-forward through today and go back to bed ! 
who's going to be doing dishes and making breadsticks all night long ? that would be Ms. Tomlinson and I 
Happy 5th Anniversary < PROPFEMALE > & < PROPFIRST > !!! Hope you enjoy your yummy dinner !!! 
i've been ready for this weekend since monday ! 
So instead of taking an exam today , I played the new Black Ops DLC with my bro . Tons of fun ! 
cold , rainy , < PROPFEMALE > , monday mornings suck !!! 
maybe if i cross both my fingers , we will have a delay tomorrow .... 
my tummy was growling during the entire exam ..... kinda loud lol . I should have grabbed a muffin 
I was almost killed by breadsticks today at work ... pretty sure i'm gonna have a few bruises and maybe a goose egg 
blueberry ='( 
Vacations need to happen more often ... they are the medicine for life 
The ocean just ate my flipflops !!! 
\i feel glamorous when i wake up in the morning ! \ " < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > you are crazy ... " 
\who's boba fett ? \ " < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > you grew up under a rock ! " 
where did today go ? 
