is NOT a fan of summer school . 

loves her stake more than anything . :) 
thinks having to stay up this late on a summer night to study for a huge history test should be illegal . 
just re-realized how much she misses Dumbledore . Stupid Snape .. 
loves her adventure crew ! 
is extremely excited that summer semester is almost over ! Just keep swimming , just keep swimming ... 
just took her last final ! Phew . Summer , here I come ! :) 
LOVES Education Week ! 
just finished performing an Indonesian dance for Indonesian Independence Day ! .. and loves Indonesian food . :) 
is doing everything she can possibly think of to avoid studying . 
is going to have a very productive day . 
Hooray for Conference ! :) 
loves little warm fuzzies . :) 
What's on your mind ?? 
loved < PROPMALE > Miserables ! Great job all cast & pit members . :) 
loves Halloween ! :) < PROPFEMALE > . Haunted houses . Parties . Costumes . Could it get any better ? 
is thinking about thinking about thinking . 
' s phone got stolen . :( And she would appreciate it very much if someone would return it . 
just spent her entire Sunday reading . Who just does that ?? 
CONGRATS WARRIORS ! We reached our < PROPFEMALE > Week goal of 40 smiles ($ 10,000 ) for Operation Smile ! :) Horray !! 
just got home from working a 14 hour shift . And is waking up in 2 hours . The things I do ... 
just donated blood for the first time ! :) 
loves this crazy , tragic , sometimes almost magic , awful , beautiful life . 
is NOT a fan of applying for college and scholarships . 
loves her job . :) 
loves Sundays . :) 
Families can be together forever . I love you < PROPFIRST > . <3 
is off to SUU for the weekend ! :) 
loves you . :) Happy Valentines Day !! 
has tickets to see Legally Blonde The Musical !! So stoked . :) 
loves her sisters to death . :) 
March madness , here I come !! 
absolutely loves her job . And is super excited to be a nurse one day .. :) 
is lovin ' life . :) 
has some < PROPMALE > March Madness catching up to do . Anyone up for a reading party ? :) 
can't believe it's the LAST term of SENIOR year . Ahh !! :) 
thinks \How to Train Your Dragon\ " is the cutest movie ever !! LOVED it . " 
<3 Choir tour : a long journey involving 15 hour bus rides , screaming at the top of one's lungs , eating a clearly unhealthy amount of < PROPFEMALE > , hanging out at the happiest place on earth , trophies galore , laughing uncontrollably , taking way too many pictures , cheering for attractive knights , singing one's heart out , countless memories the will last a lifetime , and being with the best people on this planet . 
just got through doing her taxes all by herself ! Mostly .. :) 
is excited for SPONTANEOUS !! Wed . April 28 @ THS commons , 6-9pm ! $10 per couple . Theme is BYU vs . UTAH , so deck yourself out in blue or red !! :) See you there ! 
gets to talk to her sister tomorrow for the first time in forever . SO stoked . :) I love my missionary !! 
is an official seminary graduate . :) 
Thanks so much for the all the birthday wishes everyone !! I feel so loved . :) 
HAHAHAHA ! Everyone should scroll to the bottom \ 
of this < PROPFEMALE > and click on the blue \English\ " and change your launguage \ 
Umm .. does anyone else's graduation gown only go to your knees ? I'm short , but not THAT short ! Ha ha .. :P 
is now an alumna of Taylorsville High School ! Once a Warrior , always a\ 
Warrior . :) 
Just got back \ 
from an awesome biking adventure with my fellow Frog Patrols ! :) \ 
Awhh , how I love summer . ? 
Edbassmaster is my hero . 
loves Sundays , loves her family , and loves the fact that she is leaving for AFY tomorrow !! :) 
is walking on sunshine ... whoooaa ! And don't it feel good ! :) 
Dear procrastination , why do you have to take over my life ? Please just let me be . Love , < PROPFEMALE > 
' s car no longer sounds like a motor boat thanks to her much awaited new muffler . :) Horray ! 
is absolutely in love with country dancing . Tonight was a BLAST ! :) 
Mmmm ... deep tissue massages are the best . :) My poor C.N.A. body really needed that ! 
Leaving for Cedar City bright and early ! I cannot wait for college . :) 
is typing this from her lovely new laptop . Yipee !! College is a great excuse to splurge a little ... :) 
< PROPFEMALE > and Beezus is officially the cutest movie ever . :) Loved it ! 
Ahhh FOUR days !! I don't know whether to feel excited or sad ... it's so bittersweet ! 
just got back from country dancin ' the night away . <3 Last time I'll be able to do that for a while . :/ 
Tomorrow's the big day ! Ahhh . :) Cedar City , here I come !! 
Cedar City : calm traffic , pretty scenery , cute old people everywhere , college within walking distance , and snow cone shacks galore . I'm loving this ! :) 
loves getting kidnapped for spontaneous trips to St. < PROPFIRST > with the best people ever !! My summer now feels complete . :) 
Locked my keys in my car . :( Just my luck that my locksmith of a dad is four hours away when it happens ! $40 of charished student money down the drain ... 
feels great after organizing her room for two hours . :) 
Yummm , frozen grapes are muy delisioso ! College is great for food experimentation . :) 
It is so great to be back home ! Whoever invented Homecoming is the best . :) 
Just had the greatest weekend ever ! Family and friends- you're the best . Now back to lovely Cedar City ! :) 
Dear Facebook world : < PROPFEMALE>'s phone is unavailable until further notice . :( Contact through Facebook only . Thank you . 
loves the feeling coming home from the gym ! :) 
Dance parties rock my socks . :) So great . 
So happy with life ! :) This college thing is fabulous . <3 
My weekend : Crazy fun Freshman Board retreat , hiked Angels Landing in Zion's , amazing Relief Society Broadcast , 3 roomie birthday parties , listened 10 feet away from the President of Senegal speak , and fantastic church meetings . Success . :) 
It's crazy how much more I appreciate General Conference now compared to just a few years back . Just keeps getting better . :) I LOVE it ! 
loves days like today ! Being extra productive , making lots of new friends , and eating chocolate chip pancakes for dinner = a fabulous day . :) 
loves how dancing can just take you out of this world .. :) Cheesy , but < PROPFEMALE > true . <3 
It's amazing how much I can get done when I'm trying to avoid studying ! 
Anyone have a good book suggestion ? I need an official \read this when I donate plasma\ " book . " 
Poor Feebi just got stuck in the snow for half an hour ... until four polys came to the rescue and pushed her out ! :) Kind of embarrassing , but I'm so thankful for nice guys ! 
Gotta love ZUMBA nights !! :) 
Finals ... cannot wait for them to be done with !! 
