HAPPY NEW YEARRRRRRRR ! love you all :) 

4 and 1/2 hrs .. yay !!!!!!!!!! 
no more blonde !!!! 
ugh i am so bored and i cant go to sleep ! 
GAWD i am not photogenic at all .. seriously i hate all of my school pics every year 
i cant believe school is almost here , summer went by too fast :'( 
im not tired and it feels like its 1 in the morning ! 
wow this was my last day of summer and school is 2morow :/ 
today wasnt my favorite except for lunch that was my favorite 
haha i love taking quizes ! 
im going to go do my hw now .. aha 
yay ! GLEE starts tonight .. lol 
doing hw soooo bored .. school isnt fun ... lol 
im sooo bored 
going to bed :) night 
did any1 watch 10 news at 5:30 that was at my school .. SCARY :/ 
yay ! i kinda feel better today . :) 
ughhh i have a headache :( 
OMG i have sooo much homework and im still not done .. :( 
A friend is someone who knows the song of your heart and can sing it back to you when you have forgotten the words ! Lucky numbers : 16 , 19 , 38 , 41 , 44 , 50 
Happy Halloween everyone ! :) 
Happy Thanksgiving Everyone !!!! 
going to make christmas cookies with my grandma ! 
Happy almost Christmas EVERYONE !!!! <3 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS !!! 
BEST CHRISTMAS EVERRRR ! and the BEST mom EVER !!!!!! 
I LOVE THE RAIN ! :) 
rain I LOVE YOU ! :) 
AHHHH its rainign super hard .. im scared ahaha :) i love the rain 
OMG i finally passed my final drivers education test with 81% and then i found out i have to take another stupid test at the DMV before i can get my permit .. how stupid is that .. lol 
omg its hailing .. iv never experienced hail 
Hey has anyone seen SUPERBAD ? well the actor that plays \Mclovin'/Fogell\ " went to El Camino High School from 2003 to 2007 ! how cool is that " 
omg i saw THE BEST inspirational movie everr !! \To Save A Life\ " its AMAZING every one needs to see this movie especially teens in highschool .. it relates to all high school students and what we go through in life so u guys need to see this awesome movie .. :) " 
FINALS ! not my favorite part of the year but it does have its advantages : getting out at 11:45 woohoo 
A very modest chick , very outgoing , most likely on a journey of self discovery , loves to make people laugh , is hella funny , very into nature , artsitic mind , has a love for people , wants to be remembered when shes long gone , extremely random , indiscriminative , will always make a great conversation no matter the circumstances . If you see her don't be afraid to talk to her because she loves talking to random people =] 
You know what iv always wanted to know : What do guys talk about at sleep overs , cuz i know what girls do and talk about but what do guys do ? haha 
i really should be doing my homework but i dont want to .. lol 
I'm so glad that the CAHSEE is over .... the english was sooo easy but what the heck ! i totally forgot most of the stuff on the math part :p 
OMG i just watched the video for lady gaga's song telephone and it was the weirdest thing i have seen in my entire life ... it was so weird and it was like 9 < PROPFEMALE > long : x 
It feels good to stand up for someone who isn't able to stand up for themselves ... it makes my day to know that i helped someone :) 
got new glasses 2day :) 
going to go < PROPFEMALE > out at my dad's restaraunt ! :) 
why do guys have to be so complicated :/ 
why would i do something so stupid :/ 
i have the hiccups ... :/ and they wont go away ! 
everyone should try out their food and become a fan of Deno's Burgers and Bites ! 
Having fun with < PROPFEMALE > ! :) 
I am glad that i am finally home but i had a GREAT time at my dad's house :) 
AHHHHHHHH ! ugh im so stressed with school .. :/ 
ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYandZ now I know my ABC'S next time wont you sing with me ! :) I <3 this song ! 
Why do teachers always give projects when other teachers also give out projects at the same time ... cuz that just makes my life sooo much more complicated and makes me stress out more ... ughhhhh . :/ 
Going to the movies with my mom today ! :) 
i am such a procrastinator ... but im almost done with my essay that's due 2morow ! 
watched \The < PROPFEMALE > and the Frog\ " today and i have to say i think it is my new favorite animated movie .. it is so cute i love it ! :) " 
UGH ! I'm getting a cold :( 
Finally done with my geometry project .. it took FOREVER ! but now im just going to relax :) 
it feels like friday today :( but its not 
AHHH ! yay were finally moving ! :) 
Going to the doctors ... I really hope I don't have to get surgery :/ 
I want it to be Sunday ready ! :) 
Getting ready to leave for < PROPMALE > Home ! :) 
ok so i took some medicine and i hope i will be good by my birthday cuz that would be another year that i was sick for my birthday and that would just suck ! :/ 
I had a great birthday ! :) 
off to < PROPFEMALE > with my dad :) 
Had a really fun day down in San < PROPMALE > with my cousin , mom and aunt :) 
Going to the movies with my favorite cousin ! :) 
getting ready to leave for palmdale with the fam .. and then were going to VEGAS ! Im so excited :D 
Yay ! We're heading off to Vegas tomorrow :) 
I absolutely LOVE Vegas ! 
Home at last ! :) I will miss you sweet Vegas <3 
Ugh I want to shoot all of the back- to- school commercials >:( 
just got back from a fun night with mom in long beach .. we went to the aquarium and then to Bubba Gumps ( my favorite resteraunt ) for dinner :) 
The last day of summer .. why did it have to go by so fast ! :( 
ugh I can't believe on the first day I already got so much homework .. like come on :/ 
Wow ! We haven't even been in school that long and I am already stressing out .. if this keeps going like this .. by the end of the year I will be bald from all the stress ! lol 
Finally feeling better so now I can go back to school and go to my elementary school ! :D 
Yay ! So excited to go to < PROPFEMALE>'s Not-So-Sweet-16th birthday party ! :D 
Ugh I am already so done with school ... 
I absolutely LOVE this weather !!!! :D I would take weather like this any day instead of hot < PROPFEMALE > days 
I just experienced my first blackout by myself ... scary !! :/ 
Starting to decorate house for Halloween ! 
P.J. Day !! :D 
I fell down the stairs .. :( now my arm and back hurt bad 
feeling much better now ... I can at least walk now :D 
yay ! finally up in sonoma with the fam ... cant wait for thanksgiving dinner ... YUMM ! 
So excited for my favorite meal of the year ! :D 
San Fransisco was so much fun ! :D Now getting ready to go home :( 
It feels good to be home , but I miss my family :D 
I love saturdays :D 
I love Saturdays :D ! 
I can't wait for the weekend ! 
I had such a good Christmas , I got the 17 books i really wanted :D 
It's raining ! :D 
I hate finals ! I cannot wait til they are over 
First day of homeschooling tomorrow :D 
FRIDAY !!!! woohoo 
< PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > were here !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! \ 
hahahha ! :) 
I sniff my own farts !!! \ 
HAHAHAHA ! 
Had a great night out , Beastly was an awesome movie 
Hanging with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > tonight !!! :D 
Had fun hanging with friends this weekend ! 
I want the days to speed up so we can finally have spring break . I am in need for a break !! :D 
on days like this all I want to do is watch movies all day !! :D 
Finally done with my essay ! :D took me forever 
Vegas !!!! 
OMG !! words can't even describe how AMAZING the Lady Gaga concert was last night . By far the best concert I have ever been to . 
