On the way to watch the camel and ostrich races . 

Had a really bad fucking night ! Point me towards a tall < PROPMALE > . Love is the worst fucking emotion you can have , because it can end up hurting you more then anything else on earth . It’s evil . It makes you illogical and removes all your better judgments and instincts . Fuck I’m stupid . 
Is confused as hell . 
Shit sucks ! 
Shit sucks a little less , but sucks nun the less . 
Is going to the bar and hoping tonight is going to be better than last night . Wish me luck . 
going to sleep shitfaced it was a decent night . weeeeeeeeee . i wish people would just quit fucking with my head . ( you know who you are D ) 
man i love not getting hangovers . 
Some days make you wonder why you even try . 
No one should die because they cannot afford health care , and no one should go broke because they get sick . If you agree , please post this as your status for the rest of the day . 
Good Stuff !!! 
Crashing !!! Goodnight . 
This sucks . What is it about family that makes you want to cover yourself in gasoline and flick a match every time you see them ? Serenity NOW !!! 
Going to the drive-in . Yeah G-Force !!! 
Fuck this shit ! 
im drunk and depressed and ready to crash . i fucking hate this shit . looking foward to tomorrow when i wont be reminded of bullshit from the past . 
Last night sucked ass , but maybe tonight will be better . Poppa Nemo's Neptune Orchestra is playing . 
Is planning on doing things that would anger Jesus . ( nothing gay ) 
Poppa Nemo's Neptune Orchestra kicked ass . Great fucking night ! 
whats to shut off ! 
hookah , you'll never let me down . =) 
I saw the most beautiful angel under porno store lighting , and she wasn’t on a box . 
Boats and Hoes ! 
Happy Halloween . I’m think gonna spend most of the day watching slasher flicks . cha cha cha ha ha ha . 
i need to learn when to keep my thoughts to myself . 
Don’t remember drinking so much last night . Got home and got sick , didn’t work the stairs the best , doesn’t happen often . Still drunk feeling or I got H1N1 . Back to bed . Later . 
We're not in infinity we're in the suburbs . 
Happy Guy Fawkes Day 
Honestly , I have no idea what you guys are talking about . I thought we were talking about petroleum .. 
Do not meddle in the affairs of wizards , for they are subtle and quick to anger . 
\You can safely assume that you've created God in your own image when it turns out that God hates all the same people you do . \ " -- < PROPFEMALE > Lamott " 
?????? 
I don't think it has the balls to snow hard enough today to cancel classes . Com'on no classes . 
I wish people could learn that other people don’t want to hear you go the bathroom . This could all be avoided if people could shut a fucking door , but this is too much to ask I guess from your own family . All I want for X-miss is a family that’s not inconsiderate of others . 
Cheeeeeeeeeeesssin my brains out . =) 
Bah Humbug 
No shoes today . Free-toe'in it fo da shortys . 
I’m glad my Uncle is dead . Some people can't die painfully enough , but if there was anyone I knew who deserved Hepatitis and AIDS it was Uncle < PROPFIRST > . I wish he'd rot in agony just a little longer so I could watch . Thank you for finally dying asshole . 
Getting ready for the Worldwide Marijuana March tomorrow . I think I’ll go in slightly formal attire . I made a tie out of fake pot leaves . 
Getting ready for the Worldwide Marijuana March tomorrow . I think I’ll go in slightly formal attire . I made a tie out of fake pot leafs . 
\Darling I think you're referring to my song Pina Coladaburg . \"" 
\Ride the tiger you can see his stripes but you know he's clean oh don't you see what I mean . \ " Good bye Dio . " 
\Good-looking people turn me off . Myself included . \"" 
Quick just don’t do something stand there ! 
\Would you be prepared if gravity reversed itself ? The only thing I can't figure out is how to keep the change in my pockets . I've got it . . . nudity ! \"" 
My truck got hit by an old man . Bummer . 
can't go back to sleep . going 4 a run . 
Thank you to everyone who wished me a happy birthday yesterday and to everyone who didn’t you can all go eat a bag of dicks ! =) 
SUCK IT ALGERIA !!!!!!!! USA USA USA 
goin running . running sucks , but not as much as being fat . 
went running . 
Was stung several times by pissed off bees , but is proud to say he kicked the shit out of nature today . 
\ Ok Mr. Mayor feast your ears on this Spin Dr. mix . \"" 
woke up at 4 and can't get back 2 sleep , lame . guess i'll watch rules of attraction and wish 4 sleep . goood moring btw . 
Demonstrate value\ 
Engage physically\ 
Nurture dependence\ 
Neglect emotionally\ 
Inspire hope\ 
Separate entirely 
been watching LOST season 1 all day . good day in my opinion . 
Lets do this thing ! 
first day of classes down . i love anthropology . 
\ Nobody can tell ya There's only one song worth singing They may try and sell ya \ 
Don't eat the eggs . \ 
What ? \ 
Don't eat the eggs . We put LSD in the eggs . \ 
And the water . I put LSD in the main water tank . \ 
What ? But , we drank the water ! \ 
Yeah ! 
is reading textbooks . 
Is thinking about a doing a semester in England . Anyone got any HELPFUL suggestions ? 
Manchester United 3 , Liverpool 2 . Suck it Liverfool !!! 
went running because he saw a 1 legged guy jogging . 
thinks girls with eye patches are hot . 
\My Daddy was a bankrobber\ 
Is experiencing extreme depression . 
FUCK MONDAY !!!! 
went running , gotta keep moving . 
I Ain't Afraid of No Ghost ! 
is taking his ass 4 a run . Gotta keep my girl-ish figure . 
< PROPMALE > Kong aint got shit on me ! 
They lied , hard work kills lots of people . 
Mint-Berry Crunch ! 
What is another word for \thesaurus \"?" 
Just a reminder , god is not real . There is a logical reason for everything . G'day . 
Boobs , boobs , boobs . Big bouncy boobs . \ 
~ Walt Whitman 
needs finals week 2 b over ! 
is die'in to go home tomarrow ! 
freedom !!!!!!!! 
thinks we need better gun laws in this backwards country of ours . 
just ran so hard he could puke . 
Is going to make a pot . Yes ! 
You might think i float , you know . Maybe even walk on water and stuff but im here to tell you that , sometimes I drink out of volcanos . 
No one wants to play with me . =( 
no classes . back to sleep for i . 
to the gym ! 
board , board , board , board , board , 
Off to make a coil pot beotch . 
is going asleep early . goodnight world . 
To all progressives and liberals . Keep hugging trees they’ll come around someday . 
To the gym 2 . The sequel 
its still fucking cold ! 
went 4 run 
running 
is going 4 his 1st hour run of the day . 
rad saturday just working out and watching sex and the city . 
is drawing and playing with < PROPMALE > all day . 
Is sore , but still going to the gym . 
The world needs Hippies !!! 
Going for a run . 
lost my phone . 
Going home today . PS tigerblood . 
Monday . NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO !!! 
Found a stray black cat over the weekend . He kicks ass . 
Gonna go break-in sum new running shoes . 
DEPRESSION is not a sign of weakness , it is a sign that you have been trying to be strong for too long . Put this as your status if you know someone who has or has had depression . Most people won't , but it's mental health week and 1 in 3 of us will suffer at some point in our lives . Show your support for people who suffer from depression . 
Sake time !!! 
wishes it was friday already . My mind is trying to kill me . 
needs lorazepam badly today ! 
Is wishing people on TV would shut the hell up about < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > . Its making me ill . 
Unicorns and Glitter ! 
TO THE GYM ! 
is watching Reefer Madness and doing a ink painting . Guess what im painting . 
Loves Natural Born Killers ! 
Love Marijuana prohibition . Save the children ! 
Do you bite your thumb at me ? 
gonna go run . Weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee 
wants a starwars Boba Fett lamp ! Hurry < PROPFEMALE > ! 
