well , it's new years day !... time to go back to sleep . 

to ride a horse is to know what freedom is . to love a horse is to know you are loved back . but to choose a horse over a guy is just very smart . lol 
i am sooo tired and it's not even 5 ... and i'm cold so i'm a bit crabby :P 
why does it matter which grade ur in ?? a freshman could be smarter than a senior , if you pick the right people . they are NOT all smarter than us . 
this is to all guys : when you like a girl , how much do you think about her ? please leave a comment :) 
watchin a scary movie with syd ... oooooooooooooo ! hehe 
14 more minutes ... hehe 
13 
11 
10 
hehe 4 more minutes ! 
3 
it's 8 < PROPFEMALE > past and now i'm done annoying everyone with this lol 
why do guys have to be such asses sometimes ? 
i only slept four hours last night ... THANK YOU < PROPFEMALE > MUCH < PROPFIRST > ! lol < PROPFEMALE>'s out to looking for you >:) 
ugh i put off my math homework until today . yay . :/ 
Sometimes i hate how my parents just won't let me go off and do what i want cuz after a while they'll think that i'm smokin pot or doin drugs or havin sex or something ... so far be it from me to live my life . 
hehe i know ur lookin at this ... all i want to do is think about you day and night . there is nothing i'd rather do and i hope i never have to stop thinking about you ever . 
i want a boyfriend that i can come running to with tears in my eyes and he'll look at me and say ' who's ass am i kickin babe ? ' hehe 
but i'm confused , DOES HE LIKE ME BACK ?!?!?!? 
there is nothing i hate more than not being able to do something ... and i also hate hotshot guys ;) 
ahh . what an amazing day 
i love this weather ... jst feel like dancing in the rain ; therefore , i will !! 
i love ... 
perfect day for a storm ... :) <3 
is it ok to cry about something that's completely out of ur power ? 
I HATE SCIENCE . STUPID LEAVES ! WHY MUST YOU HAVE PHOTOSYNTHESIS !!!!! AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
mt dew makes everything better . 
about 12hrs left of torture 
anyone got an answer to this ? ok , my heart says something amazing , but my mind says to be very cautious . need help . which one should i listen to ? 
going to bed so that tomorrow might be better ... goodnight everyone , sweet dreams 
they remember me !!! well , at least half of them so far ... :) 
so i am like , so sick of < PROPFEMALE > ... lol i'm gonna get fat . jst watch me roll into school tomorrow ! :P fell off of my draft horse friday night ... makes me sad . :( but i jst had mt dew , so I'M OKAY !!!! LOLLLLLLLLLLL !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
pumpkin seeds are amazing !! 
i feel that there is an angel inside me who i am constantly shocking :) lol !!! 
i hope he's ok ... 
being a computer geek and playing fable !!!! i have so many ppl to kill ... so little time :D 
I'm so close to you baby , but so far away . there's a silence between us and we're so far away . you're my strength , your my weakness ; you're my faith , you're my doubt . we gotta meet in the middle to work this thing out - More Love by < PROPFEMALE > Chicks 
i miss him so much :( 
' Life is a song , and love is the music ' 
he said he'd come on ... 
forget the stupid ' key to my heart ' ... i'd rather keep it locked . >:) 
had a great little vacation !! gotta go to milwaukee and talk with my daddy's police friends . LOL one of them was undercover as a cocaine addict . he was funny :D 
anyone miss me ? 
' i tell you far too rarely ; it's wonderful that you exist ' 
oww ! another < PROPMALE > headache ! that's what u get for workin out to get sexy abs ;P 
ok . i need help . this summer , i have to choose between softball and track . need comments and stuff 
my legs hurt real bad , so i decided to be dramatic about it , and get out some crutches . now it doesn't hurt anymore !!!! I AM A GENIUS !!!!! lol 
some guys are rude to girls on purpose . others are rude but they have no idea they are hurting the girl . who agrees with me on the fact that this is very annoying ? 
haha kenzie he's so totally mine now ! cuz only i have him for a profile photo ! lol it's one of my favorites :D 
my day tomorrow will consist of homework and naps . 
can't wait to see him again tomorrow ! 
someday , when she hopped on a bus for brazil , that might change . 
i'm quiting farmville . 
awww ! so many ppl with broken hearts !!!! wtf ! you guys always have me to cheer u up ! 
haha i got to use the 4 wheeler to shovel snow i feel srry for everyone else who had to use a shovel ! 
i have a cold :( hope i can sing in choir monday ! 
i'm so happy , nothings going wrong in my life ... this is the best christmas gift i could ever ask for ! :) 
no homework !!! i love being a freshman haha seniors ! lol jkjk 
I LOVE MT DEWWWWWWWWW !!!!!!!!!!!!! lol IM HAPPY AND I LOVE THE WORLD AND I DON'T KNOW IF I'M OKAY AND I THINK IM GOING CRAZY BUT I DONT CARE !!!!!! LLLLLLLLLLLOOOOOOOOOOOLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL !!!!!!!!!!! MT DEWWWWWWWW 
he broke my heart ... < PROPFEMALE > christmas :'( 
ugh i'm sick of boys i'll just forget about them theres no point in another heartbreak plus i got friends who would never do that ... i love you guys ! 
haha as a funny gift my mom got me a < PROPFIRST > lautner magazine ... COLLECTORS EDITION ! lol beat that girls ! hehe i look through it every day now cuz that's totally not creepy lol jk :D maybe :) 
ugh !!! the computer is SO SLOWWWWW !!!! i'm just kinda really frustrated 
can someone plz tell me who charliebob flightpenguin is ? 
< PROPFEMALE > bride is one of the most awsome movies < PROPFEMALE > ! and almost NO ONE knows it ! WHAT IS WRONG WITH YOU PEOPLE !!!! haha :) but i still love all y'all <3 
stephs brother threw and ice chunk at my hand and now i have a big bruise on my hand :( THANKS VERYY MUCH < PROPFIRST > !! 
DOES ANYONE WANT TO TELL ME WHO CHARLIEBOB FLIGHTPENGUIN IS ?!?!?!?! 
my bowling team name should be < PROPFIRST > AND < PROPFEMALE > lol inside joke 
you gotta be sneaky < PROPFIRST > ... SNEAKY . 
' WITHOUT A PADDLE ' is a beautiful movie made to the benefit of 3 yr olds so they can learn the experience of the outdoors lol 
' my miiinnnndds tellin me nnoooo ... but my body ; my boddddyyy's telling me yyyeesss!' lol i swear these are NOT my own words . 
you know what ... it sucks that i have to be the one to show the guy i like HIM first , then i have to be the one to see that he's lying to me , then i have to be the one to notice that i'm never going to be with someone who actually cares a bit . 
i live for music , horses , and love . but maybe i can live without love if i just fly on the back of a horse , and listen to sound of the hoofbeats < PROPFEMALE > me away . 
out in the cold trying to find my wood burner ... jeez it's freezing cold !!!! :( i'm not happy . nope . 
Dear Lord : i want nothing for myself over the next year . i want him to be happy , i want his heart to never get broken , and i want this to be the best year of his life . can you please do all you can to make this happen ? even if it means breaking my heart ? 
hey are any of you on facebook right now ? lol 
goodnight everyone ... i can't wait to see all my friends again !!! even tho many guys may not like me , i still got all my wives !!! LOL jkjk but yah . :P :) <3 
why is the alphabet spelled in order ?? 
i think that on the day of school right after vacation we should be able to sleep in every class except lunch . it should be law . 
i want to be carefree ... i want to be able to run in a field and not worry about the time of day ; i want to be in someone's arms as i look up at the night sky ; i want to know the true meaning of love ... 
why is it that a guy will like me , and then all of a sudden i'm left alone . i don't know what i do ... one moment he likes me , another i feel like a stupid little girl . why do i try ? 
is the next boys home bball game friday ? 
' i attempt from love's sickness to fly ' ... beautiful piece and hopefully i can sing well enough for solo and ensemble 
does anyone know how the boys bball team is doing ? jw :) 
curled up on the sofa and falling asleep ... i'm just pretending i don't have anything to worry about and jst relaxing :) 
i trusted him . all he had to do was tell me . i'm so mad at myself ... i promised myself i wouldn't trust another guy but i really tried . why does it hurt ? and yah , it was a little thing , but it counts . jeez i am stupid . 
hey if u guys wanna know what song i'm gonna b learning on the piano next ... go on youtube and check out ' River Flows In You ' by Yiruma . ur gonna love it 
i would rather feel nothing than be mad at someone ... so i can do that . i'm not mad anymore , or happy or sad or careful or reckless . i just let go . i will see all of you tomorrow . good night 
dont take this the wrongway but ... I JUST ASKED < PROPFEMALE > IF SHE WANTS TO SEE MY DOWNSTAIRS !!! LMAO hehe 
how am i supposed to know what the dude is thinking ?!?! can someone PLEASE tell me how to figure out this impossible question ?!?! how about you , barack obama ????? 
wow now i've found even more ppl from port ... i wonder if they still think of me as that geeky lil kid who no one could figure out :P lol trust me , i've changed . hehe 
i know it's crazy , but i miss the place i lived at 5 years ago , and i haven't seen it since . sometimes i wonder how they're doing in port washington ... 
aaarrrgghhh !!! i'm lookin at the pics of old guy classmates ... why did they have to grow up and look cute right after i leave !!! that is NOT fair . 
haha it's kinda funny how everyone's suddenly talking about the packers getting their asses handed to them and i'm jst laughin my head off ! 
you know i have a problem with guys who don't give you a big enough hint ... but i can be kinda brainless somedays so sometimes i don't try too hard to notice lol :) ugh headaches are not fun . so what's the theme for prom ? does anyone know yet ? 
ugh really mr laitnen ??? we learned inequalities in 5th grade ... i'm sure i didn't forget them and i don't need 35 problems to remember ! teachers these days . :/ lol 
I stayed at school because he wanted to < PROPFEMALE > out with me . he didn't show . I went to the game to watch him because he asked me to , but i don't think he knew that . I even tried talking to him because i thought he wanted to talk more , but he acted like i was just a stupid freshman in his face . what else am i supposed to do 
screw guys who can't like only one girl and have to flirt with them all ... even tho i'm goin out to do the same thing this weekend !!! lol gotta love gb ! i better be able to find someone in the mall ... ;) 
so , how do ya know when a guy likes you ? cuz i guess i've been pretty clueless lately ... i am so tired i could sleep for the next week lol 
i love it when i have friends i can talk to for hours on end about nothing and everything .... thx to < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > m . and < PROPMALE > g . 
i'm happy . i jst feel like i have to put that cuz it's been awhile ...... i am happy :D 
ah my heart is soaring :) 
i really don't like it when a guy likes you and treats you like trash ... and yeah , you know who you are . >:) (...< PROPMALE > , this is DEFINITLY not you ok ? ) ;) 
ur completely right , Far Away by Nickelback is the perfect song :) <3 
well he can suck my ... oh wait ; i don't have that . :/ 
headaches aren't fun :( i need crack or something . get all paranoid . wait , did you hear that ?? i saw something move right over there ! lol jkjk as everyone should know , i don't do drugs hehe ;) 
even heaven is hell without you ... 
curled up again and falling asleep hugging a laptop lol but i'm not going to sleep until i can say goodnight to him ... 
tired ... as usual :/ i slept in and i'm still tired ... wtf ?? 
ok , now i jst need to know what happened in crafts 5th hour , sml animals 6th , and lit . 8th hour . 
i'm so board that i clicked on every like button on the < PROPFEMALE > :/ 
why didn't i stay ?? because it wasn't my choice . why haven't i cared until now ? because at the time , i didn't know that i would have a reason so good as this to go back :( 
is going to ccd > : l i think i'm gonna ' fall asleep ' in class and snore everytime she says something important >;D lol i'm bad ..... jk 
me encata < PROPMALE > ... 
is really missing him ... 
is dead . 
' let me be the one you call , if you jump i'll break your fall ; lift you up and fly away with you into the night ' <3 
if you put all of your pain , misery , hate , happiness , love and dreams into the piano , the result is a simple life and a happy mind :) 
Seasons come and seasons go One day sun , the next day snow Flowers die and flowers grow But love is never-ending You can't kill it with goodbye It always finds a place to hide Inside your heart for your whole life Love is never-ending 
i'm back from a nice two hours of horseback riding ... i'm chilled to the bone , but the horses are happy , which means so am i :) 
i had fun singing today ... thx < PROPFIRST > and tell the rest of ur family i said thx too plz !! :) 
is nervous about tonight 
i think i'll learn how to play a guitar . i've already got 6 notes down lol 
i wish i could be like her ... 
there should be a punishment for being that stupid ... 
STOP POSTING STUFF ON MY WALL I CAN'T SEE THE IMAGES ANYWAY !!! lol i got about 5 posts already , but my computers too dumb to see them 
had a great night because i could talk to < PROPMALE > <3 life can't get much better than this :) 
it's time to take these broken wings and fly <3 
so ... all of my friends are starting to give friend requests to < PROPMALE > ; HE'S MINE . MINE I TELL YOU !!! lol 
Cowboy , i think Firefly can do better than you . i mean , ur a GUY and you need a bra for that flabby chest . idk HOW she puts up with you lol 
i was so dizzy and tired i started to fall asleep as i was walking and i was afraid i might literally fall lol 
At last , My love has come along My lonely days are over And life is like a song ... For you are mine At last ... <3 
wishes he was on ... 
all the people in pw know eachother now so well . and people in < PROPMALE > were childhood friends . notice how i am in neither one of these pictures ?? i'm stuck in the middle , where i never get a true friend that i've known forever . fuck it all . 
remember the days when we were best friends ? then i moved . what a great story . 
i keep missing him ... but i'll be back on around 9 or earlier , don't worry < PROPMALE > <3 
watchin tokyo drift . i love this music ! 
i trust him , but i'm used to guys not talking for longer periods of time cuz they're talking to other girlfriends . what's wrong with me ?! i trust him , so this shouldn't be a problem for me ! :( confused 
so , my sis got a new lizard she named spok ( i think that's how it's spelled ) and i got a new hamster i named coco <3 HE IS ADORABLE !!!!! 
i'm gonna play with my hamster all day . maybe i'll get bit a few times as proof ; but i wear gloves every time i hold the little guy cuz my hands are my money makers ( with the piano you sickos ) 
i went flying on the four wheeler thru a field because you get a rush that you can't get unless you have a good < PROPMALE > of dying . ice cold wind just flyin by , four wheels under my feet , ah there's nothing like it 
shivering uncontrollably . not a good sign whilst having a cold :/ 
go to www.urbandictionary.com , type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status , and put one of the entries for your name under ur comments . :) 
i went to sleep at midnight and woke at 5am . the day before , i had speed training and nearly died . and to top it all off , i have a lovely cold . i couldn't be better :( 
Life isn't going very well for me right now . jeez i just want to run away from it all . if only ... 
i just don't even care anymore . 
AVATAR WAS AMAZING !!! < PROPFEMALE > , i want THAT . lol ooh ! and THAT and THAT . and you already know that i would date THAT and THAT lol jkjk 
only someone like me would do something as stupid as what i did this morning ... 
NO ONE WILL FALL . NOT IF I CAN HELP IT . I WON'T LET SOMEONE I LOVE DROP WHEN THEY HAVE WINGS . AND IF YOU CAN'T FLY , AT LEAST FIND SOMEWHERE TO LAND FOR A LITTLE BIT . GET YOUR STRENGTH BACK AND FLY OFF AGAIN . I'VE NEVER BEEN ONE TO JUST LET SOMETHING LIKE THIS HAPPEN . yet it did . because of me . 
i was thinking about you so much that i forgot to breath . i am a true idiot , jerk , ass , every name under the sun . i don't want it to be my birthday . 
about to cry ... my best friend told me about his sister . this is a hard time for them . i have a damn curse with me that everytime i like someone , something bad happens to them . I DON'T EVEN CARE ABOUT MY LIFE . I JUST WANT EVERYONE ELSE'S TO BE BETTER TOMORROW . HAPPY FUCKING BIRTHDAY TO ME . 
ok my life is starting to balance out again ... 
THANKS GUYS !!!! it was a great birthday :D 
i have piano lessons tonight :P 
does he know that my birthday was yesterday , and it's posted all over facebook ? all i wanted was to tell him i missed him and talk to him 
.... I Love < PROPMALE > Giuliani .... 
kenzie , our baby is worth $0.01 and 22/35 of a cent squared with the variable of ( xy+2/3x-2 ) lol 
so i went to the bathroom and took a crap and i swear it ... it looked just like you ! haha that poor person ... 
i need to get my life in order here .... 
boys ; add that to my list of things to think about ... lol 
i am officially allowed back on facebook tomorrow !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
GUESS WHO'S BACK ... BACK AGAIN !!!!! LOL i'm free ! hehe until i decide to get in trouble again and i get kicked off facebook a second time ...... 
life isn't what you expect until you've gone through amazing and horrible times just to find out exactly what your missing .... and what your missing in life may be what's right in front of your eyes 
my life is perfect ; horses , music , AJ , and a nap sum it all up ! :D GOOD NIGHT Y'ALL! lol 
' have you ever loved someone so much , you'd give an arm for ? when you know they're your heart and you know you were their armor , and you will destroy anyone who would try to harm her ? ' a little harsh , but very sweet all the same :) ( eminem , when i'm gone ) 
has anyone else had a ' brother ' who in a month turns into you boyfriend ?? I love how the world turns .... 
I JUST HAD THE BEST NIGHT < PROPFEMALE > !!!! :D thank you daddy ! lol 
shit happens ... that's when your supposed to say ' ya , every time you eat too much ... ' wow that's off the top of my head . stupid freshman mind lol 
i am going to be a little mad if it snows this weekend . just a LITTLE ... get better soon please AJ !!!!!! 
Hey if ne one's friends with < PROPMALE > maloney , can you please send him things for his Maison ? 
< PROPFEMALE > and i had a farting contest ... i won ! and then i helped her find the bathroom :/ 
can someone plz tell me if the packet is due in biology ??? i gotta know ! 
' My heart was singing like a bird ; the birthday of my life is come , my love is come to me ' -Unknown 
hi . 
HAPPY EASTER Y'ALL!!!! hehe for easter , i think i would like to do nothing more then < PROPFEMALE > around with my boyfriend , i hope :) 
if anyone from softball comes on here , i need to know what time we have to be there 
I'm going to state for my piano solo and clarinet solo ... but the judge had a stick up his butt when he listened to me and < PROPFEMALE > . that was the best performance and he didn't let us go to state . we'll get em next year kenz ! 
lol in < PROPFEMALE > her nickname is ' crazy'!!! HAHAHAHA !!!! 
i love to be happy :D wow that sounded so fake . 
it doesn't matter which movie i see ... as long as i can see it with him <3 !!!!! 
awww me and AJ helped a little girl learn how to catch a baseball , and now shes my new best friend !!! :D hehe her name is < PROPFEMALE > 
PROM IS TODAY !!! :D <3 
AT STATE ( solo and ensemble ) I GOT A 2ND ON MY CLARINET SOLO AND A FIRST ON MY PIANO SOLO !!!!!!!!!!!!!! :D 
NOW I'M FRIENDS WITH MR . SIMMERMAN !!! WOOOOHHHHHHHOOOOOOOOOOO !!!!!!!!!!! 
so ... mr. trepanier made 64 slides for drivers < PROPMALE > students , and we have to copy every single < PROPFEMALE > . hopefully i'm not the only one who's mad ... 
hmm ... there's just something about those thunderstorms that make you want to dance 
i think i have my own personal guardian angel . no , not someone in heaven so much as right here on earth . a true definition of angel is a guiding influence and spirit , that protects someone , but i think beauty and personality all fit in . i'm just curious ; can someone comment on what they think the definition of an angel is ? 
where are you hun ? 
ooo i love this weather !!! i just went for a 4 hour horse ride in it , and now i'm dead tired :/ :D 
today is amazing ... if it weren't for the lightning , i would be out in the woods right now ! :D 
i just went for a nice stressful ride on the road with my horse ... its like she WANTS to get hit :/ but we're home safe now and she straightened out later on :) now i can go to bed happy :D 
worried ..... 
' Cause I can only tell you what i know , that i need you in my life ; when the stars have all gone out you'll still be burning so bright ' good song , but it's a secret for now ;) 
at the water park with a headache ... all the lifeguards have accents . i know this because i was curious and asked them alot of questions . nope . out of the whole water park there was not ONE person who wasn't an immigrant :/ lol not their fault hehe :D 
going to bed , thinking about you ..... <3 
waking up , thinking about you ..... <3 
i was searching and searching ... till finally a lifeguard who didn't have an accent was talking to my sister ! OMG AN ACTUAL AMERICAN ! lol ( i have nothing against immigrants ) and to my sis : HAHA YOU GOT YELLED AT BY AN AMERICAN LIFEGUARD !!! 
hoping , waiting , going crazy , wanting to be there , not knowing how to deal with these things ...... I MISS YOU ! :'( 
i can't find my ipod :'( 
i really hate it when people put up stupid things like i don't know what to do or hmmm ... there's gotta be something more important in your life then telling the whole world nothing . 
out of all my friends , i'm the only one that bothers to come online at 8:30 to check facebook . it really sucks when you can't sleep in past 7:00 ever . :/ 
meeting you was fate , becoming your friend was a choice , but falling in love with you was beyond my control :) 
I'm a lucky girl :) 
i cleaned out my friends list . if you can read this your important to me ! :D 
i got one poster done for the fair . now i have 9 more to go :/ 
NOTICE : when i get back to school , of course i'll < PROPFEMALE > around with people and talk with my friends . but this year i am NOT putting up with any drama . yes , i will help you with your problems , but if you try to create problems with me , be ready for me to just ignore it . 
Love how you watch\ 
Over me from \ 
Very high up in the sky , high\ 
Enough to be called heaven\ 
\ 
* just popped in my head :D * 
The smile on your face lets me know that you need me\ 
There’s a truth in your eyes sayin’ you’ll never leave me\ 
The touch of your hand says you’ll catch me if ever I fall\ 
You say it best when you say nothing at all - < PROPFEMALE > krauss , the perfect words <3 
i'm tired and i don't want to do anything . jeez i'm such a teenager :/ 
Life without endearing words is like being in a garden without flowers . Endearing words create a feeling that makes our reality and life worth living . 
i don't know what to do when i'm trying to stay awake long enough to look at just one email from you . i'll wait all night if you want hun <3 
well goodnight yall i'm tired , and i have to be somewhere in the morning :) 
tired cold and nothin to do until tonight . I'M SO EXCITED !! :D <3 
tick tock tick tock tick tock tick tock tick tock tick tock tick tock tick tock tick tock tick tock tick tock tick tock tick tock tick tock tick tock tick tock tick tock tick tock tick tock tick tock tick tock tick tock tick tock tick tock tick tock tick tock tick tock tick tock tick tock tick tock 
AJ is an uncle !!!!!!!!! :D 
if i die young , bury me in satin\ 
lay me down on a bed of roses\ 
sink me in the river at dawn\ 
send me away with the words of a love song <3 \ 
- Band < PROPFIRST > 
You don't see what you possess , a beauty calm and clear\ 
It floods the sky and blurs the darkness like a chandelier\ 
All the light that you possess is skewed by lakes and seas\ 
The shattered surface , so imperfect , is all that you believe\ 
- ' you are the < PROPFEMALE>' by the hush sound 
when i look to the left see his sun tanned hands , his muddy river hair and his thousand-acre plans i'm all shook up like a quarter in a can , ain't life sweet in the passenger seat ! 
Dear August , \ 
Please never end . \ 
Love , Jessica . \ 
( ps- don't listen to keegan XD ) 
i likeded da juice ^_^ haha ! 
I refuse not to enjoy every moment of life . 
LLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY :/ 
today is going to go by vvvveeeerrrryyy ssslloooowwwwllllyyyyy :( 
ok lets see .... i have a game today , sunday was amazing , and in my opinion ... GO SEE VAMPIRES SUCK !! it was hilarious !! 
ugh out sick for the second half of the school day . i hope tomorrow goes a lot better . 
can someone tell me why we feel the need to fly when we love someone ? personally , i think its because God knows your happy , so a part of him wants you to go up and rejoice with him <3 
PSYCH !!!!!!! lol 
this is to anyone from JV volleyball ; first off , good job , and second and most IMPORTANT ... did anyone see AJ's wallet while cleaning up the elementary ?? 
ah time for bed good night everybody ; for the people that aren't feeling well , i hope you feel better ! and don't give me your cold , i already had 2 this school year . Goodnight ! 
can someone give me a comment on what new song i should learn on the piano ? it can be anything !!! 
I THROW MY HOMEWORK IN THE AIR SOMETIMES , SAYING AYYYYOOO , I'LL TAKE A ZEROOOO 
are we still having the homecoming game ??? its kinda gonna suck if we do :( 
haha who else thinks that learning the electric slide in gym class was both embarrassing and awsome ?!?! 
there were plenty of people at Zach's funeral . it's easy to see how much he is loved . can you pray for him , no matter where he is ? and remember to pray for all your friends and family and be thankful for how good your life is 
ah nothing like sitting down at the computer at the end of the night eating peanut butter from a knife and reading a book and chatting and answering emails and telling your mom why you got the grade you did and falling asleep ! NOTHING LIKE IT ! 
your everywhere in my heart , and always on my mind . please look to see that i want us happy all the time . if i don't have you , then my life will be done . but please don't let that happen , because to you my soul will forever be won . 
SO I HEARD THAT OZAUKEE CTY IS COMING TO < PROPMALE > FOR A FOOTBALL GAME ! ANYONE IN SAUKVILLE , ARE YOU COMING ?!?!?!?! :D :D :D !!!!!!!!!! 
thanks for the birthday wishes everyone !!! it means alot to me !! <3 <3 :D 
its tell her she's beautiful day !! whether its your girlfriend a friend or your sister , tell her that she is beautiful . this doesnt mean that she's skinny or has the best hair , it means that her personality is beautiful in every way !!! it means that she smiles alot and makes other people happy and lives her life the way she wants to . TELL HER SHE'S BEAUTIFUL ! 
There's a girl in my mirror crying tonight , and there's nothing I can say to make her feel all right . 
You don't die from a broken heart .. you only wish you did 
Someday never really comes , does it ? 
You don't realize how much you care about someone until they don't care about you 
It's always the same in every relationship , there is always one person crying and wishing to get back together , while the other doesn't even remember the things they've been through . I hate that I have to be the one who remembers every little detail while you can't seem to remember me at all 
The worst way to love someone is to sit next to them , knowing they don't love you back 
Loving someone that doesn't love you is like reaching for a < PROPFEMALE > - You know you'll never reach it but you just got to keep trying 
Love that remains longest in your heart is the one that is not returned 
Ask me how many times my heart has been broken and I'll tell you to look at the sky and count the stars 
If I never met you , I wouldn't like you . If I didn't like you I wouldn't love you . \ 
If I didn't love you I wouldn't miss you , but I did , I do and I will 
\I had a dream and it was about you ... \ 
\The way to love anything is to realize that it might be lost . \"" 
\If You Really Love Something Set It Free . \ 
