Back in Fayetteville for the weekend ... Having a great time with my kids . 

Didn't want to leave Fayetteville today . Is there a way I can fast foward to Friday ??? 
Enjoying my vacation with my family in Fayetteville ... especially my kids . I'm really loving having them down here . 
Thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes this weekend . They really meant a lot . 
I feel great today ... Even a swift kick in my yoohoos can't ruin my day .... Get some world . 
Ever notice the hurt in someone's eyes when you run across them and act like you don't even see them ? Treat me like I'm beneath you ? I don't even see you to begin with trick . 
I feel like drinkin tonight ... like drinkin tonight ... 
Tonight is my Christmas < PROPFEMALE > !!! I'm hoping < PROPFEMALE > brings me a UT victory tomorrow !!! 
Well , them boys in Knoxville are 1-0 . Five more W's and they may get a bowl game ! 
Would like to know what this yellow ish leaking from my eye is ???? Is there such thing as eye snot ??? 
UT gameday ... Let's go to CHURCH ! 
Had an interesting convo at work today about how they're selling tickets for space travel and it brought up a great question . If you join the mile high club by having sex at 5000 ft , what club do you join by having sex on a space shuttle in space ? 
Can't wait to watch UT upset some Gators tomorrow ! 
When < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > picks his nose , he REALLY does find gold ! 
I thought about him all day today . There's nothing I wouldn't give for one more day with him . You'd think after so many years , today would be a normal day ... It's just as hard today as it was 15 years ago . I really miss my < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , the Bugman . 
Baaah ! Humbug ! 
This is fun ! Do any of us really know everybody on our Facebook friend list ? Here's a task for you . I want all my FB friends to comment on this status about how you met me . After you comment , copy this to your status so I can do the same . You will be amazed at the results you get in 12 hours ?. I'm interested to see what you say good or bad . 
Watching my parents fish on Wii ... Retirement must be hard work ... lol . 
You know you're one of the cool kids when you kick it with Mom on Frday night ... and love it so much you post it on FB for everyone to see . 
Just when I think things are finally starting to go my way , I dop something to screw up ... lol . Well , let's put a band-aid on my boo boo and get back on the bike . Ohh look ! A Scooby Doo band-aid ! 
It's amazing how just a few simple words from a loved one out of leftfield can lift the heaviest of burdens and change your whole perception of yourself and your life . 
My Mom has made me laugh .. Wiped my tears ... Hugged me tight .. Watched me succeed .. Saw me fall .. Cheered me on .. Kept me going strong .. Drove me a little crazy at times ..... But Mom's are a promise from God that you will have a friend forever ! Put this on your status if you had or have a wonderful Mom whom you love ... even if she lives in Heaven now , she'll know how you feel ! 
Today is Midget Appreciation Day ! So if you see a little person , midget , dwarf , or anyone vertically challenged , give them a high five ! 
I'm trying to figure out why people put \It's complicated\ " on their relationship status ... What's so complicated about it ??? Either you with somebody or you ain't . Or do \ " It's complicated\ " mean you got a bf/gf and just fuckin out of both pants legs like some kind of pornstar ? " 
As I was sitting here battling insomnia I had a bizzaar revelation ... I've travelled alot of the world , 11 states and 16 countries ... yet I have never seen a Mexican working or eating at Taco < PROPFEMALE > . Makes you say hmmmm don't it ? 
Just finished watching Blazing Saddles ... Is it me or is < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > a comedic genius ? 
The only dumb questions are questions asked by a complete idiot . 
Dear Father God , < PROPMALE > me the wisdom to realize that you purposely made some people utterly stupid ... and forgive me if I knock the Holy stupid right out of them . Amen 
ADVICE TO THE INTELLECTUALLY CHALLENGED ( that means not smart for all you dumbasses out there ): If you ask me a simple y or n question and I say no don't change your approach and ask the same question 4 more times . If I said no the 1st time there is a very high < PROPMALE > it'll be no the other 4 times . Better yet if your IQ is lower than 100 dont even bother me ... for real . 
So I wake up with thoughts of gettin up to enjoy the day today ... but after rubbing sleep from my eyes i realized that was crazy ... i can enjoy the day right here from my bed ... may even take some naps while im at it . 
Saw my old ship , the mighty USS GW on the military channel earlier and I must say I've never missed it more than I did then . It really brought back memories . 
Breakin ... 90 minutes of tube socks , boom boxes , and < PROPFIRST > curls ... and lets not forget the highwater < PROPFIRST > jeans . 
TRUE NAVAL FACT : Back when the ships had < PROPFEMALE > tubes if you farted in the tube and sent it to a destined space on the ship when the person on the recieving end opened the chute they would hear and smell your fart . Let that one linger a minute ... no pun intended . 
Watching < PROPFEMALE > Road ... a movie like this makes me glad that we live in a world completely free of racism .... lmao ... wait ... can I try to say that again with a straight face ? The sad thing is that as long as we inhabit the earth there will be racism ... it's human nature for us to hate what we feel threatened by ... which in my opinion is damned pitiful . 
I was sleeping better than I have in months ... until my sister's dog decided to lick my nostril ... nice Hershey ... real nice . 
Starbucks coffee , Disaronno , and chocolate rasberry creamer ... mmmm mmmm goood . 
TODAY'S TOTALLY USELESS BUT IRONIC FACT : The maximum size limit for FB posts is 420 ... Go ahead and test it if you dont believe it . 
LETS GO < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > LETS GO ! 
Been in bed wide awake since 830 ... can't sleep obviously ... I've laid here so long I've proven 2 theories wrong . Warm milk and counting sheep don't work . I drank 2 glasses and counted 879 imaginary sheep ... and all I've done is discovered that I'm insane and now have the bubbleguts from the milk . Who do I gotta sleep with to get a lunesta or two or four ???? 
I'm wearing my red today because I love and support our troops ... DO YOU ?!? 
Well my pick for the NCAA champions got their butts stomped last night ... but at least Ohio State got beat ... can we say choke ? I have found myself quietly pulling for them boys from VCU the past few games ... Gotta love the dreamers . 
How can I do my best when everything I do is perfect ? You can't perfect perfection when what you're trying to perfect is already perfect . 
It's always easier to run away but sometimes it's best to stay and fight because you just may run so far and for so long that you can't find your way back to those that mattered most in the first place leading only to a lifetime of regret . 
So now I may have to pay a higher tax on sodas because TN is the 2nd fattest state in the US . How is that fair ? I'm not fat ... so why should I have to pay more ? I think they should enforce a fat tax rather than punish people that aren't overweight . Put the overweight on state mandated health programs rather than force those of us that keep fit to pay more for products containing sugar . 
Man vs Food is at Voo Doo Doughnut ... mmmm ... I want one ! 
The Wild and Wonderful Whites of West < PROPFEMALE > ... Now that's quality family entertainment . 
Haven't left Lakewood in 11 days ... wondering at what point does cabin fever set in ? I figure it's all good as long as I don't write redrum on my mirror in lipstick . 
12 straight sleepless nights and 12 straight sunrises watched . Maybe it's time for a sleeping < PROPFEMALE > script or horse tanquilizers . 
Fightin sleep to watch my favorite show ... Pokerstars.net: The Big Game . I'm dead tired but I cant go to bed on this show ... its gonna make me < PROPMALE > one day . 
Direct TV sucks dirty donkey doomahickies ... ordered Wrestlemania and it didn't come on until the < PROPMALE > vs < PROPMALE > match ... then it cuts out halfway through the match ... paid 54 bucks to look at a blank screen all night . Total bullshit . 
Direct TV is having technical difficulties ( i.e. Incompetent technicians ) and claims they will have it fixed so customers can watch the replay at 11pm ... What happens if it ain't fixed ? This wouldnt happen with Dish Network ! 
Thanks Direct TV technicians ... your incompetence just cost me and my roommate $59 ... Can I have a job seeing how you don't have to know what the fuck you're doing to work at your company . 
You might be in a 3rd world country when 8 men have an all-out battle < PROPMALE > in 120 degree desert heat for a half-eaten ham sammich ... without mayonaise . 
CNN HEADLINE : CAR PARTS MADE FROM MUSHROOMS WTF ? Really ? I can see it now ... introducing the 2012 Ford Phsychadelic 
The storms are hitting Beechgrove as I type . I got my spot in the hall picked out and my matress on standby . Damn if I can't find my helmet . 
This was the worst NCAA Championship game I've ever seen . It was like watching two teams that didn't want to win . 
