HAPPY NEW YEAR 

100th EPISODE OF SUPERNATURAL WAS AMAZING YESTERDAY !!! :) 
Amazing day with Nate <3 Nothing like a day of fun in the sun with the guy you love 
Been to NC , playing at white squirrel festivals XD 
Sleep in till noon and shut out the world for a day . Yay . Summer 
HUGE yardsale tomorrow morning . Mom's been cleaning out anything in her way , including my poor brother which I saved LOL 8am - Noon . Get some cool stuff !! Clothes , furniture , and ... well , stuff . 
Great day at Dollywood with Stiney XD 
Is it really an ordinary day if every day is extrodinary ? 
Well , today was rather eventful like always : it involved ranting baptists , sexual discussions with friends ( rofl ) , slushies , parks , job apps , possible drug tests FOR the jobs , and metal . Yeah .... an average day . And as I look back , I realize ... i almost never have a boring day . :) 
I GOT MY FIRST CAR TODAY !!!! Good luck everybody else !!! 
Drove forever and an age just to LARP and visit friends . Yay ! Minimal wrecks :) It was a good day . 
Sometimes you just got to take life's lemons and say \ Hey ! I didn't need this !! Come back with something useful !! \"" 
First weekend of the school year and I'm already anticipating next summer . Where does the freedom go ?!! 
Dawww .. thanks guys ! I had an amazing bday ! 
Being sick has its downs .. like being sick . BUT it also has its perks , like getting to watch resident evil 3 online after waking up at 10am instead of 7am :) 
LONG WEEKEND !!! The peasants rejoice across the city !! \Hoorah ! Hoorah ! \"" 
Weekend , Weekend ... Everyone loves the WEEKEND !!! XD 
I had the best weekend ever ! saw a friend at her b-day party , went to a forensic tournament , and even spent a full day with Nate <3 
If you say Holy Cow when something surprises you or makes you mad , is that like saying the Lord's name in vain to Hindus ? 
< PROPMALE > year : SLEEP , SOCIAL LIFE , AND SCHOOL . Pick two @ ~ @ 
\ I like it in the chair \"" 
Zoo animals are just there for dinner and a show . We are the real exhibit 
So according to a \vandiveristy\ " t-shirt I saw a computer programmer wear .... Fridays for diversity weeks = \ " Love Your Body\ " night . Is this diversity or selfishness ?? And why would computer programmers wear it ? Any suggestions ? " 
Sometimes , you just want to beat your head in with a rock . This entire past week and a half has been like that . * sigh * 
JOB INTERVIEW !!!! XD 
You don't have shingles ... you don't look like a roof !! 
This weekend has been the BEST !! Halloween was a freakin ' blast , I got a job , I got to see my friends and to silly things , and I rotted my brain with Heroes season 1 !! :3 
When you're fighting for your dreams but it means hurting those closest to you to do it , do you give up your dreams ? 
Sometimes change is unstoppable . This month seems to be the month of not just a new year , but a new lifestyle . January seems to be the month of goodbyes . I'm moving this month to Greenville , SC till I can move back on my own next year . 
Sledding in a laundry basket and on trash bags down a hill nicknamed \hippie mountain\ " ... it has been an incredible day " 
This is the cafeteria of GODS . It has chick fil a and papa johns INSIDE the school cafe !!!! 
School here is awesome except everything is so .. sad . I guess its cause I don't have all my buddies . I MISS YOU ALL SOOOOOOOO MUCH ! and I <3 ya :3 
Does anyone else feel like kicking things out of frustration ? A beautiful day ruined out of 3 hrs of driving with < PROPMALE > traffic and your mother :P 
Just finished watching < PROPMALE > season 4 . Anyone else who watches < PROPMALE > get shell shocked in the season finale ? I couldn't comprehend the magnitude of SAD it gave off : C 
Just finished my cycle of lazy !... wait , not yet 
see this ? you see this ? this is my face saying ' I know the truth , and you can stick in places you don't like ' 
SUPER HAPPY FUN PANCAKE TIME !! XD 
GO STEELERS !!! Happy Super Bowl night ! 
With no car , no money , and no luck , what do you have left ? DETERMINATION to prove that when you get bit by life you just turn around and maul it back !!! 
OMG I think fate truly exits after tonight ! After going inside a local restraunt for dinner , they had a no call no show . I asked to apply and they said they would call me the next day if it works out ! Goes to show that every down has an up ! :D 
Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day ! :) 
Hey everyone ! I'll be on a road trip for TN this weekend ! :3 
I apologize to everyone I couldn't visit this weekend :( My car has gone on to auto-heaven and am now in search of a new ride . Thanks Drinky McPotatoes for all your help today ! You've been great :D 
I would like my Facebook friends to comment on this status , sharing how you met me . But I want you to LIE . That's right , just make it up . After you comment , copy this to your status , so I can do the same . I bet half won't read the instructions right 
\who do you think you are ? You are going to catch a cold with all the ice inside your soul . \"" 
parkour is soooooo much fun ! I feel like spiderman !! :D I moved up out of basic vaults and up to tic tacs ! 
Am I the only one disturbed and fascinated at the same time at the fact that Japan uses holograms and PC programs for singers ? LIVE singers ? I mean , what is that going to do to REAL people who perform 20 , 30 , 40 years from now ? 
Job interview in downtown ! Yay !! For a shop that sells gems and stones 
\would you like a corndog with your slushie 
