time to put some auctions up . it's been too long , baby . 

At 536 PM CDT ... National Weather Service Doppler radar continued to indicate a severe thunderstorm capable of producing destructive winds in excess of 80 mph . This storm was located approximately near Walcott ... or 9 < PROPMALE > west of Davenport ... moving eas 
Happy Father's Day to all the real dads out there 
feels a storm brewing . time to light a candle . time for someone to go down . 
< PROPFEMALE > is 13 today . < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is 50 . 
One of the trickiest things about life , is that , at times , it happens so slowly . Yet ... if ... it ... happened ... any ... faster ... you'd ... already ... have ... everything ... you ... ever ... wanted ... without ... learning ... to ... enjoy ... the ... ride . Beep , beep ... The Universe 
The < PROPFEMALE > is full in Pisces , the planetary hour is < PROPFEMALE > . Time to make some Love Potion ( strawberry rhubarb cordial ) even if I can't find a damned candle . mmmmmm 
No one should die because they cannot afford health care , and no one should go broke because they get sick . If you agree , please post this as your status for the rest of the day . 
is lost in concupiscence over the gold rings a bidz . omG their salaciousness makes me want to be naughty SO bad !!! But no , I must refrain ... 
just back from the ER . < PROPFEMALE > has 24 stitches total in her knees . she tripped on her sandal after school and fell in the gravel . poor baby , ehlers-danlos sucks . 
Thanks everyone . :) I'll be hanging with my mom tonight . we're going to the iwireless to see celtic woman . should be a great show . \thankyous\ " to my sister for getting the tickets ! and my daughter < PROPFIRST > for watching the kids . " 
is it too early for eggnog in my coffee ? I think not . 
why do I have to be allergic to dust mites and their fecal ? :( 
wonders if I too , could impregnate and abandon ? does it feel like leaving the dog with them ? 
A long habit of not thinking a thing wrong gives it a superficial appearance of being right . ~ Thomas Paine 
is up after a \Mitchie is lost\ " dream . ugh ! guess I'll go to eBay and start my xmas shopping . " 
Life , is not what you see , but what you've projected . It's not what you've felt , but what you've decided . It's not what you've experienced , but how you've remembered it . It's not what you've forged , but what you've allowed . And it's not who's appeared , but who you've summoned . And this should serve you well , beloved , until you find , what you already have . Yeah , The Universe 
Oh baby , light's on But your mom's not home I’m sick of laying down alone , hey With this fever , fever , yeah My one and only I wanna get you alone Give you a fever , fever , YEAH !!! 
< PROPFIRST > is dialated at 7cm . I think we'll have a baby today !!! 
I love being puked on :( 
I want your drama , the touch of your hand . I want your leather studded kiss in the sand . I want your Love ~ love love love . I want your Love ~ love love love . 
up with < PROPFEMALE > , the last victim . nothing like the flu for christmas . 
Please put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who has AUTISM . My wish for 2010 is that people will understand autism is not a disease ; people with autism are not looking for a cure but for ACCEPTANCE ...... 93% wont Copy and Paste this , will YOU make this your status for at least one hour ? \ " , 201 0-0 1-12 03:39:44 " 
is it normal for a 7 year old to like Three Days Grace and Linkin Park so much ? 
I sang to my science teacher riding a motorcycle because Big Bird said to and he's my leader . 
Please put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who is an idiot . Idiots affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for stupidity , but we can raise awareness . 93% wont copy and paste this , many because they're too stupid to know how to copy and paste . Will YOU make this your st. ................. atus for at least one hour ? I HATE PPL STUCK ON STUPID !!!!! See MoreSee More 
my muse is a temperamental bitch . ~ me 
Hard Blow 
every step I take has grace in it . it's only when I don't think so that the sky turns so gray . 
sometimes you just have to let people go , even when they've been like family . sometimes the fight is pointless . 
no chinaman wants my identity . I can't even get a gas card . 
faith or folly ? and who draws the defining line ? ~ me 
Just as it's true of kissing , let your life be measured and thoughtful . Mwah , The Universe 
been looking into getting < PROPMALE > a service dog . I feel it's essential to his safety and my well being . Does anyone one know anyone or have any experience with it ? Thinking of going through 4 Paws . 
sucks when you realize you mean less to people you care about than you ever imagined . :( 
no body tells me what to do . not even me . 
got Mitchie's Dr. referral for his 4paws application today . Should be able to get it in the mail next week after his IEP . weird , I'm seeing a pattern in that I always seem to find my kids pediatricians sexy even if they are old men . what's wrong with me ? 
Today my big boy turns 8 . The years really do fly by . Happy Birthday < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
hearing sirens and seeing lightening toward < PROPMALE > . hoping < PROPMALE > makes it home before it gets here :| 
Post this if : You have a wonderful mother who NEVER GIVES UP ON YOU , who is ALWAYS THERE FOR YOU , & Loves you unconditionally ! I Love you Today & Always Mom ! 
just caught < PROPMALE > trying to brush the guinea pig's teeth , with angel's toothbrush and crest . I guess they are kinda yellow ... 
What you don't see with your eyes , don't witness with your\ 
mouth . ~ Jewish Proverb 
Happy Birthday to my son < PROPFIRST > . He is 6 today . 
tears of loneliness are never as bitter as tears of betrayal . may I never forget that . 
look at all the duckweed pouring out of the sloughs . looks like a green oil spill . 
the trouble with gamey and manipulative personalities is that to them , it's all so very justifiable . escape is the only recourse . 
August 7th . Happy Birthday my dear friend . I can't believe it's been +15 years already since I last saw you . 
just cry it out , don't ever you give up . 
a true whore is one who gives up their voice for the illusion of security . 
isn't it too early for the flu ? :/ 
Be content with what you have . \ 
Rejoice in the way things are . \ 
When you realize there is nothing lacking , the whole world belongs to you . \ 
~ Lao Tzu 
Children with special needs only want what we all want : to be accepted . Can I make a request of anyone willing to post this and leave it on your status for at least an hour ? It is Special Education week , and this is in honor of all children made in a unique way or who learn a little ... differently , like my own little darlin , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > . 
I like it on the Kitchen counter ... well I do . 
~ Your\ 
daughter will hold your hand for a little while , but will hold your \ 
heart for a lifetime . It's national \daughters week\ " so if you have a \ 
How to face life's most stressful situations : Live life like a dog . If you can't eat it and you can't hump it ... piss on it and walk away . 
Thanks for the happy birthdays everybody !!! 45 and another year wiser ... bring it on baby !!! :) 
what the heck is wrong with Walmart's hamburger anyway ? It's like re hydrated kibble pushed through a spaghetti mold :P 
< PROPFEMALE > cordial kisses are oh-so naughty 
< PROPMALE > had his first restraint at school yesterday :( I wonder what the future holds . I've kept him off meds this far . I really don't want to go that way EVER . 
every morning I watch him leave in that little white < PROPFIRST > I say , \be safe baby\ " until he is out of sight . my heart tells me I should keep him home with me so I KNOW he's safe but he loves school and they have professionals there that hopefully can help him . I truly am torn daily . " 
I hope the new people upstairs just have a rocking chair that they like ... a lot . 
