Happy New Year ! 

People need to understand that special needs children don't have an illness , they are not looking for a cure only acceptance . 93% of you probably won't copy and paste this ~ will you be in the 7% that will and leave it on your status for at least an hour . Special Education week March 22nd to the 26th . Go on copy and paste . Please !!!!!! 
In loving memory of every cancer patient , family member and friends who have lost their battle with cancer , and the one's who continue to conquer it ! Put this on your < PROPFEMALE > for 1 hour if you know someone who has or had cancer . Many won't copy and paste this . I did . Will you ? ? April is cancer month 
Happy Birthday < PROPFIRST > !!! Love you ! :) 
\Some times I need coffee just to make me a better person . \ " .... Thanks < PROPFEMALE >.." 
This week we remember all babies born sleeping , or those we've carried but \ 
never met , those we have held but could not take home , or those that we \ 
have brought home , but didn't stay . Make this your profile status if you , \ 
or someone u love has suffered the loss of a child . The majority wont \ 
... do it because unlike cancer , the loss of a baby is still a taboo \ 
subject . Break the silence In memory of all angels .... 
Thank you for fixing the gas sweetie ... so I don't freeze at night ... love you ! :) 
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes ! :) 
DEPRESSION\ 
is not a sign of weakness , it is a sign that you have been trying to be\ 
strong for too long . Put this as your status if you know someone who\ 
has or has had depression . Will you do it and leave it on your status\ 
for at least an hour ? Most people won't , but it's mental health week and\ 
.. 1 in 3 of us will suffer at some point in our lives . Show your support\ 
good people : I copied and pasted , will you ? 
Champagne 
Holidays are tough ... wish heaven had a phone so I could hear your voice again . I thought of you today but that's nothing new . I thought of you yesterday and all the days before that too . I think of you in silence and often speak your name . All I have are memories and pictures in a frame . Re-post if you have someone in ... heaven that you miss on Earth . 
shouldnt have left up your facebook@ ! ahahahhahahahlol 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
A true friend doesn't care when you're broke , being a witch , what you weigh , if your house is a mess , what you drive , about your past , or if your family is filled with CRAZY people . Your conversations pick up where they left off , even if they have been months apart . They love you for who you are . Re-post if you have at least one true friend . They will know who they are .....? 
Kids with special needs aren't sick or gross . They only want what everyone wants - to be accepted . Can I make a request ? Is anyone willing to post this and leave it on their status for at least 1 hour ? It is Special Education week , and this is in honor of all children made in a unique way . You never understand a situation until you are faced with it !! 
Its all fun and games until someone becomes a participant !... Thanks < PROPFEMALE > :) ... lol ... this made my day ! :) 
Doritos commercial is the best so far ! :) 
To celebrate < PROPFIRST>'s Day , make your profile picture you and your spouse and be sure to put how long you've been together ! \ 
\ 
Been together since December 2007 ! :) Love you < PROPFIRST > ! 
? All of us have a thousand wishes . To be thinner , have more money , a new phone . A cancer patient only has one wish , to kick cancer's ass . I know that 97% of you won't post this as your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do . Post this in honor of someone who died or is fighting cancer ? 
this is probably the first and last time you'll hear me say this ! THANK YOU KSTATE ! YOU ROCK ! 
ROCK CHALK JAYHAWK ! 
St. < PROPFEMALE>'s Day and the NCAA Tournament , all in the same day ! Life can't get much better ! :) 
ASKING if everyone could please put this as their status for one hour . I know my family will . Think of someone you know or love who has/had cancer . My prayer is that in 2011 a cure will be found . Will you post it ? Just one hour . Do it for all of us . Too many to mention have fought and are fighting it . I hope to see this in the status of all my friends . 
St. < PROPFEMALE>'s Day and the NCAA Tournament , all in the same day ! Life can't get much better ! :) 
Come on Jayhawks ! WAKE UP ! 
There ya go Jayhawks ! That's how you do it ! :) 
I'm glad the Jayhawks won , but am torn for the next game ... Illinois or UNLV ? 
I love the Hartford commercial ! :) 
Just when we feel its time to open up , we find another reason to hide ... 
\This\ " by < PROPMALE > Rucker is very fitting ! :) " 
Apple 
New job !!!! WOOHOO ! :) 
Going from 40 degrees in Ohio to 90 degrees in Kansas is a bit of a shock ! 
Happy Easter ! 
A 15 year old girl holds hands with her 1 year old son . People call her a slut . N o-o ne knows she was raped at 13 . People call a girl fat . N o-o ne knows she has a serious disease which causes her to be over weight . People call an old man ugly . N o-o ne knows he had a serious injury to his face while fighting for our country in the war . Re post this if you are against bullying and stereotyping . Bet none of you will 
R . I . P : < PROPFEMALE > Sayers , you will be missed more than you could ever imagine ! Your positive outlook has touched so many people ! I miss you ! 
May I ask a personal favor . Only some of you will do it , and I know who you are . If you know someone who fought cancer and won , or fought cancer and lost , or someone who is still fighting please add this to your status for 1 hour as a < PROPFIRST > of respect and in remembrance 
