Been so busy with school have no time to be on here or do anything 

Now it is over . Yea !!!!! 
To study or not to study ? or maybe take a nap ? 
watching red vs blue . 
back from home for another week of school , but this time i brought food 
going to bed . so tired of reading chem lab procedures 
just finished a paper . 
week three is done 
bored out of my mind 
bored with no one to talk to . guess i'll actual do some work 
homework is always better with loud music playing ;) 
I want to go to sleep but for some loud , bright reason I can't 
guess who won penguin tickets for this saturday 
really bad headache . do not stay up late eating sugar . its bad when u crash 
penguins game tonight !!!! 
awesome game saturday night . my first penguins game ever ! we won 3-1 plus 5 awesome fights ! 
all done with classes and hw . and all b4 10 . yes ! 
three dat weekend . staying up at upj . what fun 
end of three day weekend , think i liked it better with no people here 
homework till 12am , got to love college 
3OH ! 3 gotta love them 
done with claases until tomorrow , yea !! 
going home for weekend , feeling under the weather 
saturday sucked . i felt like i was dieing . today i feel better . i can breathe ! 
almost all better 
was going home for a day , now the whole weekend . got a lot of work to do . no fun :( 
I got the liaison position and a resident clerk position , life is good 
Today is going great . My aunt sent my < PROPFEMALE > ! I love Halloween 
So bored , but so much to do 
One day until Halloween ! 
Happy Halloween 
snowing at upj 
hw and then bed , hopefully b4 1 
grey's in less than an hour 
back from D.C. so tired . to tired to eat 
to go to bed or to go to bed , that is the question . i think i will go to bed 
so tired , but not many classes today thank goodness 
studying bio , for the last 2 hours 
more hw , i may need to take a break 
penguins winning ! but no fights :( 
milkshakes ?? 
studying bio all day 
bio test down , only a 100 more things to do today 
couldn't stop laughing for 30 minutes 
The My Chemical Romance video for Sing is amazing !!!!! 
so tired yet so hyper 
bored 
worst night ever 
doing hw , wishing i was doing something else 
one hour down , one math lesson done 
sunday hw sucks 
The new My Chemical Romance CD is out . Can't wait to get it 
going home today , cant wait until i can take a break 
i'll be home in a few hours ...... then i will be bored 
still in upj , one more class at 3 
still in upj ... 
back at upj 
recycling time 
good night 
hw , then maybe some free time 
bed then 8 am class in the morning 
The Only Hope for Me Is You 
Snow ! :) 
still snowing ! :) 
english paper , yay ! :( 
bed ! 
good deeds done are rewards onto themselves 
lat class at 10 , a no show tutor at two 
what to do , what to do ? 
door decorating !!! 
night , hope it snows more tomorrow :) 
snow , snow where did you go ? 
hw then shadowing , what a fun saturday night 
done with shadowing , had lots of fun 
how do you change ur profile pic to a cartoon character ? 
snow ! how happy i am to see you again :) 
playing in the snow , so much fun . then coming inside sucks because you r cold and hot at the same time 
snow , just makes my day 
some much work to do , so very little time 
good night and wish me luck on my bio lab final exam 
to anyone who has to take the final bio lab exam , beware ! study the pig , heart , and bones 
chem lab final ! 
3 down , 4 to go 
milkshakes ! 
marshmallow fights 
way to much to do with so little time 
movie night tonight at 8 pm , watching grown ups 
good night upj 
I just love when my 8am class last only 10 minutes 
i love decorating doors for the holidays 
finally , time for bed 
i love that my brain gets chem , but i have no idea whats going on 
room got rearranged :) 
less than 3 hours to be loud , then quiet hours start 
its the finals count down 
went to walmart , saw the drunken candian again :) 
studying bio one second , asleep the next 
still writing english final paper , talked about two phrases and I'm almost on the third < PROPFEMALE > 
“Life isn't about finding yourself . Life is about creating yourself . ” by < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Shaw 
too much studying for finals , my brain doesn't know how to think any more 
i wish i was playing Halo or cod instead of look at bio notes 
ok break time for 2minutes , then continue this long ... paper ( five pages and counting ) 
English paper all done :) 
its war time 
war over we win 
freaking out over bio final 
biology does not exist 
youtube , thank you for the bio songs 
bio final done , pizza gone ..... math time :( 
i guess i should start studying math :( 
My shadow's the only one that walks beside me\ 
My shallow heart's the only thing that's beating\ 
Sometimes I wish someone out there will find me\ 
' Til then I walk alone\ 
-Green Day 
do you ever get the feeling that someone is avoiding you ? 
math final over , just one more to go 
lead me not into temptation , I can find it myself :) 
thanks mom , like I don't have enough stress for today . why don't you make it worse 
Dear finals , you suck . Have a nice break 
chem final at .... oh crap ... now 
Dear finals , good bye until next semester 
inbox only ... 2010 is almost over ... confess something you've always wanted to tell me , it will stay between us ! put this as your status and you will be surprised what people tell you ! 
so tired , got to pack 
packing to go home . I will miss upj , can't wait to comeback . hope everyone has a wonderful winter break 
this sucks no facebook until i'm back in school or until i visit people who have internet 
i look back on high school and think ... why was i so shy , life sucks sometimes 
Christmas is only a few days from now , all i want is snow :) 
snow where are you ? I miss you ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
back at upj , i missed my home 
scars show where you have been , not where you are going 
done with classes :) 
back from sports center , here is to the new year 
SNOW !!!! 
starting the new semester plan , doing work before its due 
exercise hurts :( \ 
but its fun :) 
the cure for boredom : go to the gym for a hour 
Snow + bus ride + shopping = fun morning 
bored out of my mind , need something to do 
the one that got away 
hw , so much fun 
if you could not lie for a day , what would you say ? 
pre-pharmacy meeting at 5pm in E&S 
SNOW !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
guys in uniform :) 
Let it snow , let it snow 
When did your heart go missing ? 
what's your sign ? it might have changed 
so bored . . . guess its hw time 
somedays i wish i was someone else 
its not too late , its never too late 
guys are so blind and deaf 
good girls go bad 
I am never watching The Roommate , the one i have now is crazy enough ;) 
all the lonely people , where do they all belong ? 
< PROPFIRST>'s list :) 
anyone in the health sciences medical interest group : the True Colors of Leadership program is tomorrow night 
you're so blind , but maybe I am too 
bed time 
someone save me from my roommates 
going home in a few , can't wait to come back to upj 
going home , text if you want 
back home at upj 
making time for some fun tomorrow 
when life gives you lemons , squirt lemon juice into the eyes of your enemies 
i think i'm in trouble 
Panic at the Disco ... new album in March :) 
i try not to think , when i do my thoughts turn toward you 
Mass Effect 3 looks so good , can't wait !!!!! :) 
just doing some hw , text 
today was awesome , but also horrible 
today can only get better 
snowball+angry person = fun ! :) 
who I am hates who I've been 
best night ever ! chickens , pool , and lots of laughs :) 
red vs blue 
The chicken is missing !!!! \ 
reward for safe return 
this is my week of fun :) 
:) good day 
i just want you to know , i always hated you , i always hated you the most\ 
-rvsb 
give me a sign , i want to believe\ 
-patd 
english paper .... 
I hate < PROPFIRST > commercials , they are all so cute and adorable 
math homework sucks 
say what you mean .... give me a sign\ 
night of fun , text 
sugar rush , how it gets better with no sleep :) 
sleeping in until 1 is a good thing :) 
it's so hard to know what to do when one wishes earnestly to do it right\ 
- g.b. shaw 
black and yellow vs green and yellow , i think yellow is going to win 
the yellow team won !! 
tomorrow is green day for green bay 
past victories don't make up for failures , its now that matters 
i am so sorry :( 
hard to do lab work when all you want to do is have fun 
homework or fun ? tough decision 
i love music :) thank you 
so much to do , so little motivation 
here we go again , I kinda wanna be more than friends 
SUGAR !!! I love programs 
bored ! 
back home 
Poke * me if you ever had a crush on me*Like * This status if you think I am a good friend*Message * me if you ever wanted a relationship with me , and I wont tell anyone*Comment * On this if we have had good memories*Now let's see who's brave enough to copy this and put it as their status * 
Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day\ 
or\ 
Happy Buy Chocolate Day 
i have the best gram ever , thanks for the < PROPFIRST > :) 
Happy Chocolate Day ! 
If I am honest , I'm just not hooked on your phonics 
smallville spoiler is so good ! :) 
day offical ruined , thank you 
call me a sinner , call me a saint . . . tell me its over i don't want you to hurt 
Happy Buy on sale Chocolate Day 
i think its time for fun 
we need an emergency walmart run !!!!!!!!!! 
really bad headache , plus lots to read 
nap time :) \ 
now chem time :( 
difficult to work on math when your thinking of something else 
energy drink + < PROPFEMALE > = homework ? \ 
something isnt adding up 
i miss violent video games , they're such a great stress reliever 
I think I would miss you , even if we had never met 
the hardest question to answer is why 
SNOW ! :) 
no 8 am english :) 
someone save me if you will 
< PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > , great music , amazing piano 
Dear Chemistry , \ 
I hate you . You ruin my days . 
donated blood :) 
I wish you knew 
:) great day 
Life isn't about finding yourself . Life is about creating yourself . \ 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Shaw 
why am I studying bio on a saturday night ? 
The story is just beginning\ 
I say goodbye to my weakness , \ 
So long to the regrets\ 
And now I know that I'm alive 
its sunday ! 
to forgive is not to forget , its to remember and move on anyway . I think its about time I did . 
energy drinks , how I love you 
Dear Chem , \ 
I hate you , but thanks for not hating me ( for now ) . 
Time can never mend\ 
The careless whispers of a good friend\ 
To the heart and mind\ 
Ignorance is kind\ 
And there's no comfort in the truth\ 
Pain is all you'll find 
sugar time :) 
Mardi Pardi , Thursday at 7 
bad days can be turned into good days , its all about the company you keep 
the more I think , the less I beleive it 
Thank You 
three math lessons due , 2 exams , 1 quiz , and a mardi pardi . going to be a fun night 
program and one math lesson down , so much more to do 
only a few more hours until i head home . then i will be bored and have no internet . why do i have too go home again ? 
I would say this day can't get any worse , but I have a feeling it can ( chem ) 
going home , for a week , no interenet :( , text if you want to talk 
Is break over yet ? 
Thanks for all the Birthday wishes 
so glad to be back home at upj :) 
nothing like an energy drink for lunch :) 
Speaker tomorrow on science careers , 5pm in room 118 E&S 
Happy Green Day !!! 
speaker tonight at 5pm , 118 E&S 
sometimes its best not to think 
thinking = no sleep again 
interview in 10 hours , wish me luck 
interview over , now its the waiting game 
well its time to look on the bright side , at least I have an awesome roommate 
\ ... when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams . ” " 
You ruin my life . Just wanted to say thanks . 
more snow in johnstown ! 
\trade mistakes for sheep . count me away before you sleep . \"" 
\And I'm still waiting for the rain to fall / pour real life down on me / ' Cause I can't hold on to anything \"" 
April Fool's Day , let the war begin :) 
it only takes a day to remember who you are 
