and when its all said and done tampons are the root of all evil and a bottle a lube is needed in EVERY situation ... just sayin 

Cybering is the second best thing in the world and im ADDICTED ... first is SPAM the only word that means meat AND bullshit ... 
she be sooooooooo good bish got me spermacidal XD face ... youtube.com/holyWTFery 
to be a sperm donor you need proof of residence .... what about illegal immigrants ?? 
In my mirror im famous , in your mind im the lamest and you should be ashamed of this cuz your gonna be jealous in the future when im stacking millions for a bed perfect place after a date to head , pricey intercourse described with the words you've read , 
The deaf-ly tone haunts your ears just because you dont hear 
I have a low life on my back and the high ones in my hand , what can you do when you dont understand the actions that formed your fiancee opposed by your reason to believe in what it is you expect to start achievin in this world where sinning is a new begi 
I believe i have to sacrifice my time to waste these lyrics and spill my rhyme , if u have no rhythm dont bother reading cuz acapella is how my saliva is suceeding . the game i spit so tremendous the earthquake shakes at it and the way i awe is how i shock 
Finally all my fave things are in my name ... me and applesauce TAKE THAT OBAMA ! 
I cant help it ... stfu maybe i could help u with ur non-talking prolum 
Initiate college status ... my summer is over swagg overload i reached 999 
$_$ money on my eyes ... eyes transfer to pockets 
College Mode Activate . This Effect Does < PROPFEMALE > XD face 
i think im the only one without facebook mobile XD face 
imma just go with the flow and say ... is sleepy and on the couch planning on not moving 
so my phone cord started creeping on me i noticed i couldnt breathe then i realized .. its just twitter >_< ! 
its disturbing when ppl at your school decide to look at vampire porn in the middle of class ... buuuuuuuuuuut ITS TWITTER WORTHY .... so stick that in yur juice box and suck it 
twitter whores ... how do they do it ? 
this just in ... Jesus was the first Zombie ... MORE TWITTER TWURKS ! 
i feel i havent done this in a moments notice so take notes , thats right pencil upright and dont focus , the words or mouth are lethal like a disease unvacinated with no equal , if u contest me get ready for some thin sick i aint the one to pick compared to me swine flu aint shit . 
so my apple raped my orange ... i hope the orange is pregnant ... perfect fruit that isnt more than what i got XD face 
i mean do i need to state facts or lay fiction , definitely universal , i'm talking about the audition , sustained in life , shrouded in black , stained with a white lie , shared to spare thee , but what remains is the truth brought about , white lie or not its all gone south 
we are victim of our own advice ... 
its a violent pornography , choking chicks and sodomy , the kinda shit thats on ur tv ... its a non stop disco 
when there are no napkins wipe it on your jacket . No jacket ? Wipe it on your pants ... no pants ? WTH are you doing in public 
Anything You Do Is Stupid Unless It's Worth Dying For 
the studies show that shampoo prevents STDs ... my junk smells like coconut 
god made us in his image right ... why is there anger management when if u piss god off u end up with a plague and locusts up your ass 
Desparate times call for desparate measures .............................. fuck XD face 
... OMFG IM 18 i get too ...... I STILL CAN BARELY DO SHIZZ ... niceeeeee 
i take that back ... i can officially watch porn legally lmfaoo 
THis is one big thankkyu to all the people who wished me a happy birthday XD face THANKKYU !!! 
ATTENTION WESTWOOD STUDENTS .. in my class anyway .. CLASS HAS BEEN CANCELLED 
OTHER WESTWOOD CHECK YOUR EMAIL 
Would you have sex with a vampire ? 
Should i become a fan of textual education ?? 
imma just let it all go with the flow spit out not so gently more violent than a crime in an alley my venom spewed vomiting projectiley , something that isnt a word i cant help something you know nothing about my stride i continue to saw through with my pride , im the opposite of everything spoken out through a song so much can be done right and not much wrong 
Tonight i shall fantasize about breakfast 
i think 2230( 10:30 ) is facebook busiest time 
in the great words of Dj Hero ... \just just touch me like an p*ss *\"" 
Word of the Day : Twat Spider 1 . Clump of female pubic hair found at the drain after a shower or bath . 2 . Pubes accidentally ingested while performing cunnilingus . 
Word Of The Day : Penis Sympathy : The faint , lingering feeling of vicarious pain most men feel when they hear of another man in a situation where his penis has been injured . 
Word Of The Day : Weiner Cousins : When two men have had sex with the same woman/women , they become weiner cousins . This is a bond that can never be broken . 
Word of the Day : Tramp Stamp : 1 . a tattoo located above a womans ass . 2 . a girl who has been certified by your neighborhood , frat or group of friends as a slut . 
Word Of The Day : Bitch Move : A move , tactic , or strategy that is used by cowards and punks . A soft move used as a last resort . Basically what a bitch would do in a pressured situation . 
Word of the Day : Imma Let U Finish : What you say too look polite when you interupt someone , put them down , and are not going too really let them finish . Made famous by Kanye West . 
Word Of The Day : O Face : Look you get when your about to blow your load ... ( girls and boys apply ) 
Word Of The Day : Bullshit Effect : the sudden will to do something at the very last minute even though you do not feel like doing it at all . Cause : anything you dislike Effect : bullshit 
DAMN THIS NEW FEED ITS GIZZIAYE !!!!! 
I cannot believe its margerine ... i wonder how margerine actually tastes ... 
The world will end when eye rape becomes a felony .. so all those that undress with your eyes welcome to hell !!! 
forgive me all my elders but .... FUCK THIS SNOW !!!! 
im am gonna freeze to death in here seriously 
A sperm whale ate my tomato and all i can say is \damn \"" 
tunning into iCarly ... * such a baby goat * 
FACEBOOK STOP CHANGING SH*T !!!! 
I'm not the knight in shining armor I'm just an alcoholic in clad armor but they gotta accept me for me , just appreciate the love u recieve cause a nut is nothing without its squrriel ~ < PROPMALE > 
When in doubt have sex with a midget 
Somethings i just hafta go back to doin .... yer mom 
Rabbits + Butterflies = World Domination , STOP SAVING THEM YOU IDIOT ! 
Am I the only one who noticed that the \like\ " symbol kinda looks like \ " I approve this message\ " ? " 
Hurray the specified day to say \i love you\ " oh goody goody * sarcasm * " 
Today's Sperm Horoscope : Loose and lethal free flowing to its target . Unless you want babies at yoour age i suggest you strap up ~ Mr. XD Face 
Todays Ovum Horoscope : B **** UR OVULATING , if u want to get pregnant do it now , if u dont .... let us pray the condom doesn't pop 
Okay I'm ending bad habits and keeping habits i like , that includes your mom < insert hype man > 
Working hard pays of in the long run ... being lazy pays off NOW ! 
Im gonna post this and your not gonna care ... i bet if ur mom was involved you might care a bit more , seeing how im doing her and all 
The only reason i come here is to see the ridiculous groups people join 
How old are you ???? Old enough to be yo momma ... XD face inside joke 
ohhhhhh ballsack 
This message = Status Change 
Slang ... it keeps changing im never gonna keep up ... i coulda sworn ham was a food 
With power comes money , with money comes greed 
lets consider this sh*t paper and i tell ya now im ripping it . dropping without the beat , oh no constantly going with the acapella flow . My update flowing like the river something something so here is how im feeling ... nothing , really nothing 
to all those who do not know ... ninjas are former stalkers ... advanced stalkers is also fitting 
i hear the more friends you have on facebook the less friends u have in life 
i love it how you were \blind\ " but now can see ... can u explain the muffins without directions and your gosh darn updates from ur blackberry ... jeezus they need help " 
hello hypocrites STFU ! oh and can ur mom walk yet ? she couldnt last night 
happy birthday grandma we miss u 
comment worthy something comment worthy ... ok imma switch .. remember that thing you mom did with her .. wait thats prvt sorry * walks away whistling * 
i love me some applesauce 
This entire breakk im gonna be blazing my blue ass off cs-ing 
excuses and explanations ... they are the same but what had happened was u didnt care so it became an excuse when i was explaining myself .. true story lolz 
Power wanna go out n shit 
death by pokes muther*STFU ! * 
i notice everyones status is about the storm im joining in ... this mf-er be loud 
Whats the most concieted thing ever ... its called LIKING YOUR OWN STATUS ~ almost concieted ~ 
someone once said , \this is so gooie if i swallow it wrong i might choke\ " i just said < insert sliding chair sound > " 
deadskins and cowgirls facing off d hall did something good tho 
all these ppl getting hype yall be funny ... annnnnnnd at the end of the day the girls are gonna still need new panties and the skins still gonna need lotion 
iironic 23 fumbled for 23 to score 
Question of the day : what would u do if u saw your relative in a dirty movie ? 
Question of the day : If you were a pornstar what would u name be ? 
sooooo ... how bout them redskins ? 
thank you all for the happy birthdays bdays and all other variations 
hmm 
i just saw a chick who smile look scary gumless and yellow 
Im a bad influence 
Someone asked me who i was , so i replied \The Best . \ " They asked \ " At What . \ " I ended it with \ " providing the best car insurance . \ " That's right i work for Geico . " 
Here's the million dollar question : If a male prostitute and a female prostitute have sex , do they have to pay each other ? 
It has been confirmed , your mom is downloadable content for that game in that bed that's not your fathers ~ trollin ~ 
0100 hours i am chilling on the floor watching spartacus 
If you have something to say please ... i really mean it PLEASE say it to me . Man-up dont be a bitch about it and twist my words to your friends because i will nope not even going that far say it to because unless your illiterate or failed english you know exactly what the fuck i said 
please dont run about in my house , in my house , please dont talk about it , you and me , you and me dont talk about it , please dont run about , please dont talk about it please please , dont dont , do it do it , never do it 
Epic Phail , this is a hyper combo 
