One new years resolution ... I'm excited . And also excited that things seem to be coming together with the move and workplace ... yay ! :) 

I've never heard of a hairstylist being laid off ... until yesterday ... when I was laid off . That means either working more days at Hair Play ... or starting school ... both good options ... 
Just wants to get out and run to think . I'm lonely . 
:) 
haha thinks people are funny 
Is sooo happy ! I finally have a room again ! Yay ... awesome times :) 
Hopes it doesn't rain today so that we can enjoy Lagoon :) 
It's time to put Brevon to bed 
I love Brevon's creative mind ! It's so fun to listen to his idea's ... which , I'm not saying a word about , because Brevon and I don't want anybody else to steel our awesome ideas and plans . We own them :) 
It's my Dad's birthday today . Gotta get him something ... 
Wow thank you for the love you guys . I've needed it extra lately :) You must feel it . 
just came upstairs and my little 3 month old nephew is still here ! He woke up and now I'm rocking him . I'm tired and sad . Everyone else is asleep . Where is my bro ? 
I guess I should get packing :) 
Is back home to comfort . Yay !! :) 
Is lovin the past couple weeks :) 
feels blessed on multiple accounts today . 
Is really irritated at what my cell phone caused tonight ... stupid non-working phones ! Aside from tonight ... great day ! I miss my boyfriend . 
Aww ... time for sleep . I worked a 12 hour day ... my back is killing ! But it was a great day :) 
It's so , so good to see my little boy ! Gotta go kiss him ... 
Had my wisdom teeth taken out today . Whew ... scary ! I'm glad its over . 
Hey you all ! Is anyone interested in Permanent Cosmetics , Electrolysis , Hair , or skin care ?? If so , let me know soon ! I'm giving 20% off to anybody who mentions this post ... even on permanent make-up and electrolysis ... can I say SMOKIN ' deal ! Let me know :) 
Hey you all ! Is anyone interested in Hair ( cuts , colors , etc ) , Permanent Cosmetics , Electrolysis , or skin care ?? If so , let me know soon ! I'm giving 20% off to anybody who mentions this post ... even on permanent make-up and electrolysis ... can I say SMOKIN ' deal ! Let me know :) 
Kinda hates September . October please come soon ! 
Woah . I have lost 15 pounds in the last month and a 1/2 . Happens every fall . Does anyone have any answers for that ?? I'm thinkin possible water retention in spring and summer ? 
Is so , SO happy !! :) 
I got the best surprise tonight :) 
So I got to thinkin ... I don't curl my eye-lashes , but I know many of you women do ! Did you know you can get them permed ? and it lasts for 1 to 2 months ! Yeah . I do it for a few people who swear by it and absolutely love it ! So just thought I'd throw it out there and tell you beautiful girls to give me a call and get it done ! ( Boys- tell your moms and girlfriends :) 
My son brought me breakfast in bed this morning . He was up all alone , so he pulled out the cheese , grater , and chips ... made me some nachos and a drink . He even hugged and kissed me for being so proud of himself . Haha . I love him so much ! He's always so thoughtful and concerned for me ... and takes care of me . I have the sweetest son of all time !! I'm so proud of him :) 
What an awesome 2nd to last day at my job . The people and the money totally rocked ! I'll tell ya what though , I need a chill pill ... my tummy has been going crazy for days now ... or months ... 
Brevon turns 5 in a few hours . I can't believe this ! 
Awww , thank you everyone for your birthday wishes ! I appreciate it tons ! Love you all ! 
I know I'm going to get comments about my boyfriend and I breaking up . Please keep them light and supportive . I'll always have respect and care for him . Break ups are always hard ... I just want him to be happy and I'll be happy too . 
FACEBOOK EXPERIMENT : If you are reading this , whether we do or do not speak often , please post a comment of the first memory of you and I that pops into your head . When you are finished , post this paragraph on your own status . You'll be surprised what people remember about you ! 
In my entire life I have NEVER experienced LOVE as I have this week . It's incredible . It's all around me ! In family , friends , strangers , clients , & work buddies . In their words , touch , looks , whistles-whatever-I feel it . Insane , yet blissful . :) Thank you all who have shared your love , concern , and care ! I am so happy ... I hope this new feeling never goes away ! 
My son , Brevon , has 2 best friends . One here in Kaysville , and the other in farmington at our other home . I love that he finally has boys to play with who he loves ! It makes me so happy to see him happy . 
So my friend just taught me how to do the <3 . I am so excited you don't even know !! Yes ... <3 
Is just a little bugged right now 
haha my brother and sister in law don't like my profile picture . They think I look old ... or something , I don't know . So I'm laughing ... I like it ! 
Sometimes the hardest thing and the right thing are the same 
Happy Birthday Brother !!! You can't read this but I'm sure you're day will be perfect ... you make all your days perfect . 
Feels pretty excited about my Christmas tree !... It's even better than last time I put it up ... 4 years ago . So happy ! :) 
Just got home from my 5 day road trip ! Fun times . It will be the best to see Brevon though ! :) 
Sweet thing : I was worried about my car sliding in the snow driving home tonight ... and Brevon told me if I have faith , that Jesus won't let me slip . and then he told me that maybe I should tell all my friends if they have faith , that Jesus will help them with things . :) Thank you all who help teach my son ! 
Long day of work . The good thing about moving is that I'll only have to focus on one job . But I'm still sad about losing my business . :( Only 3 weeks left of it ! Come see me everybody ! 
My new profile picture of Brevon is about a year and a half old ... but it's SO cute and funny ! I'm laughing . It makes me happy every time I look at it ! 
My brother < PROPFIRST > just got engaged tonight !! ... and I got to be involved in it :) 
Is starting school . What ?... 
Should I or should I not ? I want to but don't want to ... 
I sang to < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > under your bed ... because the voices told me to ... 
Feels strange . I don't know what to do about it . 
Everybody ... I'm working at Hair Play in Kaysville now ! Come see me ! I'll give you 20% off if you mention this . :) Oh , and they also have an awesome little room for me to do electrolysis , permanent make-up , waxing , spa treatments and chemical services . Everything you need , right there . :) 
Is excited for our adventure tonight !! Happy birthday mom ! 
My mom just said one of the most absurd things I've ever heard ... ew . That's all . 
For anyone contemplating divorce ... which I don't wish upon anybody ... make sure to tie all the loose ends right at the beginning . Don't wait 4 years later ... it's a nightmare . 
A very pretty girl who is shy at first but then she will open up . She is very trustworthy and has a great sense of humor . She falls for people fast and doesn't trust easily . She is beautiful inside and out people just don't realize it ..... yet . Shes kickass and a great friend to have . Man , < PROPFEMALE > is the total package . natalie : cool beautiful hott sexy bestfriend ( go to urbandictionary.com to find yours ) 
I love tax time . I am so happy right now ! :) Brevon , I love you son . 
What an awesome day ! Remember to take risks and follow your gut . Taking risks = No regrets . :) 
My son made paper roses for all the girls in his class , all by himself . Totally his idea ! And just a little bit ago he said \I think the girls need something else too ... A Diamond ! \ " So we made 7 < PROPFEMALE > rings ( out of paper ) . He said \ " They'll for sure kiss me now . \ " hahaha My son is so cute ! What little girl wouldn't want a homemade ring from a cute boy ? :) " 
My parents are doing awesome , < PROPFIRST > got married yesterday , Jason/Eliana are happily moving forward with life , I have Brevon so of course I'm happy , Kalli has a boy ; Makell has a house , < PROPFIRST>'s coming home soon ... wahoo !, < PROPFEMALE > is in love :) , < PROPMALE > is better than ever , and < PROPMALE > has his ultimate joy at the palm of his hand ... his I-Touch . I love seeing my family happy ! They are the greatest and I love them !! 
I'm eating a grapefruit and it's delicious ! Did you know there are benefits to eating grapefruit besides its nutritional value ? ;) 
Ok ... my son has been sick since Thursday !... It's breaking my heart ... I miss his energy . :( Will everyone please pray for him to get better very soon ?! 
Learning you are really an inch taller than you've always thought adds a whole new dynamic to your life ... it hurts ... 
Interesting . I didn't know that you are taller in the morning than you are at night . I need to google this ... 
Let's see how forthcoming my facebook friends are . Leave a one-word comment that you think best describes me using the THIRD letter of YOUR name . It can only be one word . No more than one word . Then copy and paste this post on your wall so I can leave a word about you . 
Life is great !!! :) 
On the floor 
Had an awesome weekend in beautiful St. < PROPFIRST > with my son , and some very very very talented musicians :) 
I really miss Brevon . The first time in over 4 years that my son is spending the night with his dad ... deep breath ... 
The wind is whistling at me ... ;) 
My view toward \Players\ " has changed . We're all just tryin to live it up and have fun until we meet the right one ... right ? Yeah . " 
Beautiful day !.. And fun at the park with my son flying his new kite !... So I'm not sure why I'm feeling so solumn , and tired , and a little down ... 
I'm obsessing over The Killers-when you were young ,... my goodness !!! 
So if anyone gets this hottest video ever thing from me , don't watch it ... I think its a scam virus thing ... I just noticed it on a friends wall ... I didn't send anything !!! 
Great day !! I'm sooo tired , but happy :) 
I'm trying to expand my PERMANENT COSMETICS side of business . I'll travel to their home . :) For helping me out and spreading the word , I'll give you a deal on hair , facials , or any service I do , including the permanent make-up . Also I'm running summer specials on BODY WAXING !! Call me :) 
My dad just told me a heart-melting story ( at least to me ;) \ 
Dad : \Brevon 
Women are Angels , and when someone breaks our wings ; We simply continue to fly ......... on a broomstick!We're flexible like that . 
My friend asked me what the hi-light of my day was ... so I told him . And then , I brilliantly decided that I need to do a hi-light of the day journal ! To help keep things positive . :) Now I'm excited . 
There's nothin ' like a good work out ! ;) 
Yesterday was one of the best days of the year so far ! :) Sis got married , and I got to spend the whole day with people I love ! 
I need my safe place now ! Weather , please get better so I can go there ... please !! 
Feels relieved in multiple ways :) One , this little < PROPFEMALE > is now completely debt free ! :) 
Brevon and I just took a 3 mile walk . What an adventure !... and then he ran almost the whole last mile home !... Wow . 
Its interesting that one can feel they are at their worst and their best at the same time . It's hard to make sense out of it unless it's happened to you . It means I'm on my way to becoming the woman I'm meant to be . And I can't wait :) 
Life is wonderful . Especially when it's < PROPFEMALE > and Warm and Beautiful outside !! :) 
I don't even know 
I just noticed an ugly spider on the wall right next to me . Ew :( 
I'm going camping . We all know what that means . No cell service ! It's always interesting trying to adjust to no cell phone ha . Bye !! 
Brevon just said he's probably gonna go to Hell for lying . What ?!! So I asked if he'd rather go to Heaven and he said \yeah ... cause I don't wanna miss my mommy . \ " Awww :) And then I proceeded to tell him about the atonement ... again . My sensitive boy will catch on one of these days . I'm proud of him for being honest about lying though hahaha " 
Once every 5 years or so , I go shopping with my mom . Today was was one of them . We should go more often mom , it's fun !! :) 
I love Brevon 
oh my goodness . My little cousin < PROPFIRST > is standing here laughing at me eating my creamy !! He won't stop . haha silly boy . He's seriously been standing here starring at me for 5 minutes ... 
\ #1 . Focus #2 . < PROPFEMALE > #3 . Concentrate ... \ " he calmly says as he whoops the little sword fighting people on wii sports !!... He beat every single level ! Can I say AMAZING !! Way to go my little man ! And awesome positive attitude :) He makes me proud . " 
Passed my first interview ! Friday I meet with Mr. CEO . Good luck to me ! ( I'm a little nervous . ) I think I've got it ! ;) 
I have to wait till mid next week to find out if I got the job ! I'm nervous !! I feel like they like me and that I would be awesome . But you just never know . They are interviewing like crazy which is making my adrenaline rise ... A LOT ! 1 position open . I figure now , that what's right will be right . 
I just realized I have an extremely awesome , very understanding family !!... Well I always knew they were awesome ... 
Terrible news is bad ... but it ultimately pushes you to something great if you let it . 
So Brevon and I just ran a 1/2 mile chasing the ice cream man , who was driving away from us . ha ha We made it ! Definately the hi-light of my day :) 
Taking a pole . Is A Knight's Tale a chick flick or not ? 
Love my new job ! And love when I make up yummy food ! And I just found out that my kiss print means I'm picky , picky lol Good day :) 
My son has his 1st loose tooth ! :) 
Can't stop crying . One of my most favorite people in this world will be passing away soon :( I love you < PROPFEMALE > . 
Makell is engaged !! :) Wahoo ! Just one more sister to go . 
She's gone ... but I'm sure so near . 
4 siblings this year . This is exciting . I am so happy for them and my family :) 
6 years ago I know exactly where I was ... waiting for a gift that was free ! And I'd never return it or shun it- no matter how bent up , beat up , or broken it gets . The fact is , it's the most perfect thing I've ever known , or made , and I love it to the depths of my sweet little heart ! I'm the luckiest !... Really , I am . :) ( nod ) 
My little niece who was born today is adorable ! :) It reminded me how much I need another baby ... it's amazing to be a mother ... and I am supposed to have more babies . Can't wait . :) 
My clothes and shoes are dying to have space to breath ... :) Congratulations to my sisters , Kalli and Makell , on their marriages tomorrow and Friday . And special thanks to Kalli for leaving me her ( much bigger ) room ! :-) 
I'm listening to one of the greatest artists on earth ... with some of the most amazing lyrics . Makes me feel happy and inspired :) 
I'm tired of getting stronger . Life . 
Is so happy . :) I just joined a singles < PROPMALE > . I love the spirit these people have , I love the connections and friendships I've made so far . I love how I feel when I'm there . I know I'm supposed to be there . Church has never felt better than this . :) 
I finally just rolled out of bed . I slept through taking Brevon to school ! Ah ! I think my body is just so so exhausted . 
So ... I wish I could invite all of you to come < PROPFEMALE > out with me in my new bedroom . Because it's the most cozy , comfortable , warm place I know of . And it's cute !... I keep adding to my candle collection ... and then I light them and they make me SO happy ! :) 
Have you ever felt like dying after a hard run or workout ? Well I almost REALLY did , and then I drank a glass of chocolate milk ... and now I'm alive again ! :) I can't remember what friend told me it's the best thing to drink after a run , but it really works ! 
ATTENTION : Guys and girls , I am working on a project and I would like to know your favorite cologns and perfums . ( Did I spell those wrong ? ) Guys , whats your favorite smell that the ladies wear ? Girls , whats your favorite smell on guys ? 
Ok best friend of my life who I love ... one of us needs to move so we can see each other at least weekly ! Rock , paper , scissors ... 
Wow ... both of them ... interesting , slash , slightly discouraging . Hmm , well :-) 
For fun , today I went and played with Brevon and his friends at recess . Brevon made sure to keep me involved in everything , and he gave me lots of hugs and kisses and hold holding ... in front of everyone !... And he's a total alfa male . I felt very , very special and loved . He liked showing me off . :) 
5 years today ... my goodness , when am I going to get re-married ... LOL 
\Mommy can we change our last name to Best ?... Because you're the best mommy and I'm the best Brevon . \ " \ " Gladly\ " I said . ha ha How cool would that be ? " 
This may sound crazy , but I like to keep my friends below 200 ... Looking for a few to delete ... 
