CrypticCeltic knows what its like to be Loved as much as I am In Love ... Its Incredible to know that whatever is thrown at us -We're an Invincible couple ... 

I was bored so I took alot of quizes ... 
; ) 
Absolutely lovely day today ... but hard to believe its mid November ... Weird 
Is that thunder I hear ??? Strange ... thunder in November 
Have a great Weekend everyone ... I'll be heading North tomorrow to see my Baby ... ; ) 
< PROPFEMALE > Baby ... I've been a really good girl this year 
~ Feeling Festive ~ 
Wishing everyone a Festive Yule , Happy Winter Solstice , and a Very < PROPFEMALE > Christmas 
http://www.holdman.com/christmas/video2008.asp 
< PROPFEMALE > Claus is coming to town ... He knows who is Naughty & Nice ... so be good for heavens sake 
I didnt get what I wanted ... I must have been Naughty ~ < POUT > 
Wishing ... Hoping ... for the Happiest New Year ... 
Wishing My Friends & Families a Very Happy and Prosperous New Year XO 
Way behind in taking down all the Christmas decorations ... then why am I sitting here ??? LOL 
Lunchtime .... still more decorations to come down and be packed away ... uggghhh can you all tell I'm soooo motivated ... LOL 
Finally done packing away all the decorations .... now to clean up all the mess it made ... 
\Namaste \"" 
The course of human life is like that of a great river which , by the force of it's own swiftness , takes quite new and unforseen channels where before there was no current - such varied currents and unpremeditated changs are part of God's purpose for our lives . Yoga of the Heart - < PROPFEMALE > Beeken 
Wishing everyone a Great weekend <3 
Chilly , Rainy day ... I need some hot herbal tea , a blanket , and a good movie ; ) 
Typical Tuesday ... HEADING OUT FOR THE EVENING ... Celtic Myth & Moonlight , Goodwill , and Grocery shopping ; ) 
Anyone else have wind damage to somethng ? I just discovered that it blew an at least 150 + lb plastic resin 3 seat swing , up and over my deck railing into the driveway . Wow ! Had to get 3 people to help lift and get it back up on my deck . The fall cracked it in several places , but I think I can fix it enough that it can still be used . I had it at least 15 years , and nothng like this ever happened . Amazing 
Time for sweeping out the old negativities and releasing them to the winds . ..... watching the cleansing rains wash the last stubborn bits of the old away .... A time of great protection given by Brighid to your home and your family , for the coming year ... The gentle turn of the wheel , that brings us much strength ........ for now the light has truly returned ..... Enjoy the world around you ... 
Not happy about the oncoming snow ... No road trip this weekend : ( 
Just got done pushing over 15 \ of snow off my flat porch roof ... to get it ready for more snow ... The icles hanging from my upper gutter are 3 feet long ! Am I brave ? ... no just a wee bit crazy ... LOL ; ) " 
Snowflakes keep fallin ' on my head But that doesn't mean my eyes will soon be turnin ' red Cryin's not for me ' Cause I'm never gonna stop the snow by complainin ' Because I'm free Nothin's worryin ' me ; ) 
Uggghh ... now on the street , Im plowed in way up above my car windows and my car looks like an igloo . I change my mind ... now I'm complainin ' and cryin ' ... On the brighter side ... maybe I can hope their snow blower is uncooperative tomorrow ; )) and they are plowed in - in the driveway ... LOL 
I parked on another street rather than bicker with them ( as they always block me in the back for days anyway ! cause they park in the driveway rather than the designated parking area in the back of the house ) ... 
Time for some Brotherhood Holiday Spiced wine ; ) 
Snow emergency called in Shillington ... cars off the Street ... here we go again ! WTF 
I can feel Spring in the air ! ; ) 
Packing away all my snowmen decor ... Come on spring ! ; ) 
I've got a pocket full of Sunshine . . . ; ) 
My Garden is calling me ... lots of yard work to do ... Peace for the Soul ... 
; ) 
Children with special needs do not have an illness ... it is not contagious . They only want what we all want : to be accepted . Can I make a request of anyone who is willing to post this to leave it on your status for at least an hour ? It is Special Education week , and this is in honor of all children who need a little extra help . 
Funny Labor Day / hits ... School starts ... the stores start selling Halloween / Fall decor , and I'm instantly in a Witchy / Samhain frame of mind ... ; ) 
is Lovin ' this weather ; ) 
What happened to the Beautiful Fall like weather ? Happy Mabon to all ~ The first day of Fall . . . Guess this is our \Indian Summer\ " Enjoy the Full Harvest < PROPFEMALE > tonight " 
The Full Harvest < PROPFEMALE > and Jupiter were clearly viewed in the sky by midnight ; ) despite the clouds & storm . Harvest Blessings to all 
Just had a Wonderful Special evening with someone Wonderfully Special ; ) 
Just had a Wonderful Special evening with someone Wonderfully Special ; ) 
Brrr ... my toes are cold ... time to break out the warm socks , flannel sheets , and all those warm cozy sweaters . . . now if i could just get someone to build me a fire in my longtime unused , but very capable Fireplace . 
ROTFL . . . . < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > e < PROPFEMALE > ee < PROPFEMALE > eee . . . Sorry guys but someone just cracks me up with her jealous insecure remarks about me . . . Take a GOOD LONG HARD look in the mirror will ya ? 
Reconsider < PROPMALE > Day ~ Honor American Indians Instead 
Lovin ' the fall colors , & the warm breezy weather 
Happy Halloween 
Thanks for all the Birthday wishes xo 
< PROPFEMALE > Baby . . . I've been a naughty good girl this year xo 
May the Wonder and Magic of this Special time be with you throughout the New Year ~ Wishing all my Friends and their Families a Wonderful Holiday and a Happy New xo 
