< PROPMALE > class rocked !!! My teach is awesome . And my family is always happy to see me , when I come home . Yay ! 

Going to the < PROPFIRST > Purcell workshop . Very excited . 
Screw Bejeweled Blitz ! You are making me crazy !!!!!!!!!!!! 
Friends that age with you ROCK !!!! 
Totally loving the sunshine . Aaah . :) 
< PROPFIRST > Purcell workshop in one week . Paints , palette , and brushes ready . Paper ready . Lets paint !!! 
Have a nine year old begging me to be on facebook . Not a < PROPMALE > . 
I'm getting a headache from all the whining . And , I don't mean from my children . 
I need to enter a 12 step program for Farmville . 
Going to my watercolor workshop by < PROPFIRST > Purcell today . Very excited . Everyone , have a great day and if today doesn't work out for you there is always tomorrow . Keep smilin ' . 
Back to workshop today . Yesterday was very informative . Having a blast ! 
Now that I've been painting for three days(7 hours each day ) you would think I would be sick of it ... not true . I'm sad it's over . < PROPFIRST > your great ! 
I knew there was a reason why I lived in Farmville . Facebook is a politically hostile environment . Good gracious . Let’s see I need to plant something or is it harvest no , no , count eggs in basket . :-) 
Spent the day shopping with my daughter . 
Want to know how out of shape you are do 15 lunges on each leg . HOLY CRAP !! I need a girl scout cookie . 
National Autism Awareness Month is April . I have a child with Asperger's . I'm hoping to just make others aware of the cause . You can read more right here on Facebook . 
< PROPFEMALE > foxtrot yankee < PROPFIRST > uniform < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > november uniform november < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > november < PROPFEMALE > tango hotel < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > papa yankee < PROPFEMALE > november < PROPFEMALE > papa < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFIRST > yankee < PROPFIRST > uniform < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > tango uniform < PROPFEMALE > ( lets see who gets it and follows the instructions 
My two year old is rocking out to They Might Be Gaints , Birdhouse in your Soul . Too cute . 
That is it ! Spring cleaning can wait . I'm taking the kids roller skating . 
Success ! I did not breaK my coccyx skating today . ;) 
Resent those messages . Thanks peeps . 
Right now I'd take sand in my bathing suit than snow on my feet . 
Quick ! Someone hit pause ! This weather is beautiful ! 
Is happier than a turtle on an escalator ! Heading out of town for a fun weekend . :-) 
Thank you to all the many Birthday wishes . I knew I was heading out of town . I thought I was going to see family . We dropped the kids off with family but , hubby surprised me with a child-free weekend in < PROPMALE > Hole , Wy . It was wonderful ! 
~ wonders how I can remember lyrics to a song I haven't heard since 1986 . But can't , even for a million bucks ; remember why I just walked into the kitchen .. 
Okay this is not a joke . This happened to me this weekend . I’m in the store grabbing some allergy medicine . And a guy says to me ’have you ever used this stuff . ’ I tell him , ‘Yep . ’ And he then asks me “So , this 24 hour stuff you only take one a day ? ” I didn’t want to mess with him too much . So I told him “You can try that . ” ;) 
is pretty sure I was intelligent once , then I had children and lost the ability to form sentences properly !! Or even remember which child I'm talking to . They keep switching their names ... < PROPFIRST > , I mean < PROPFIRST > , no Zach get off that ... um ... thing . 
A friend is someone who holds an umbrella over your head and a best friend runs away with the umbrella saying ' Run < PROPMALE > Run!' 
children laugh 400 times a day , an average adult laughs 15 times a day , somewhere on the way we have lost 385 laughs a day ... 
needs volunteers to prove that paper does not beat rock . Just stand in front of me and protect yourself with paper from the rock I throw at you . ;) tee < PROPFEMALE > .... 
A smile starts on the lips , A grin spreads to the eyes , A chuckle comes from the belly ; But a good laugh bursts forth from the soul , Overflows , and bubbles . 
The purpose in life is not to die in a well preserved body . You should be flying into the grave all battered and torn and yelling \That was one heck of a ride ! \"" 
has 2 mysterious people living in our house ... Somebody and Nobody . Somebody did it and nobody knows who ! Oh the joys of children . 
Things happen for a reason ... so when I reach over and smack you upside the head just remember ... you gave me a reason !!! 
wonders where the weekend went . I know I left it here somewhere . Did one of you take it away ? I want it back . 
Bazinga ...... 
Sleep ... I wish . The sandman came and put toothpicks instead of sleepy dust . SANDMAN , YOU'RE FIRED !!!! 
Four things you can't recover : 1 . The stone after the throw . 2 . The word after it's said . 3 . The occasion after it's missed . 4 . The time after it's gone . 
wishes she could just fix it . 
I wish < PROPFEMALE > was instantaneous . How entertaining would that would be !? 
says ... Never quit or give up until the choice or decision is no longer yours ! 
The difference between ' involvement ' and ' commitment ' is like an eggs-and-ham breakfast : the chicken was ' involved ' - the pig was ' committed ' :-D 
Is gonna shine even when others expect me to fail . I am gonna survive just about anything life throws my way . I may crack , but I will never break !!! 
I've read the rules . I've tried the rules . The rules are stupid , & I'm making my own from now on . 
PLEASE CHECK THE MISSING PERSON-SUNDAY BLOMBERGH < PROPFEMALE > . ENOUGH IS ENOUGH ! SHE NEEDS YOUR HELP . THIS CASE IS GETTING VERY LITTLE COVERAGE . PLEASE HELP CHANGE THAT !!!! 
I've read the rules . I've tried the rules . The rules are stupid , & I'm making my own from now on . ENOUGH IS ENOUGH !! PLEASE VISIT MISSING PERSON-SUNDAY BLOMBERGH . SHE NEEDS YOUR HELP ! WE NEED MORE MEDIA COVERAGE ON THIS CASE . PEOPLE WILL MAKE THE DIFFERENCE . WE NEED MORE EYES AND EARS . PLEASE HELP SPREAD THE WORD . 
Hope is putting faith to work when doubting would be easier . ~ Author Unknown 
ALBANY , GA ( WALB ) – GBI agents have found a body believed to be 28-year-old Sunday Blombergh . \ 
The body was found in a wooded area of Colquitt County , near the Tift County line . \ 
A Tift County man , the husband of Blombergh's former mother in law , is charged with killing her . 
Death leaves a heartache no one can heal , love leaves a memory no one can steal . 
Always tell the people you love how much you do , because in the blink of an eye , they could be gone , and you never want them to have to wonder if anyone cared . You will be missed Sunday . 
ALL FRIENDS : It was just brought to my attention that many of your \ 
phone < PROPFIRST > are listed for everyone to see . On the top right side of \ 
your screen , click account , then edit friends . On the left side , click \ 
... on phonebook . MAKE YOUR FRIENDS AWARE THEIR PHONE NUMBER ... ARE THERE .. 
Let's see what do I have to say ... \ 
We love , more than we say it . We hope , more than we pray it . We dream , more than we make it . We DO , less than we should . \ 
We hurry to places that seem important rather , than hurrying to people that are . \ 
We strive for other’s idea of perfection and forget how wonderful one already is . 
We love , more than we say it . We hope , more than we pray it . We dream , more than we make it . We DO , less than we should . \ 
I need help with my barn raising , Tuesday , check my wall . Thank you . 
Don't remember them for how they died , Remember them for how they lived ! 
Life is not about extravagance , materialism , or money . Its about loving the people that matter most because you will never know if you will see them tomorrow . 
When you think everything has failed you , but then turn a corner and find hope , that's when you realize < PROPFEMALE > pays . 
Heading out in the a.m. to see family for some sad reasons yet I'm so excited to see them all for some happy reasons , too . Please steel bird keep us in the AIR . :} 
Life is not about extravagance , materialism , or money . Its about loving the people that matter most because you will never know if you will see them tomorrow . 
Grief is the price we pay for love ... 
Tears are the silent language of grief ..... \ 
-Voltaire 
“I always knew looking back on my tears would bring me laughter , but I never knew looking back on my laughter would make me cry . ”\ 
- Cat Stevens 
says , \In order to walk a mile in someone else's shoes you must first remove your own . \"" 
Sometimes we must be hurt in order to grow , fail in order to know , lose in order to gain . \ 
Sometimes we have to be broken so we can be whole again 
.. wondering why they call it \common sense\ " . If it was so common then everyone would have some . " 
So I'm playing with my three year old this morning and he decieds to go pick up our cat , Rufio . As he is holding him the cat has had enough and wants down and starts to whimper . Zach , ask Rufio if he needs to be burped . The cat whimpers a kind of growl yelp . Zach takes this as a yes and squeezes poor Rufio , I swear the cat just BURPED ! I love children they can always make you laugh . :D 
Trials don't build character , it reveals it . 
When you fall in a river , you're no longer a fisherman ; you're a swimmer 
May justice come swift and exact ! 
Sure , I talk to myself , and willingly admit it . It doesn't mean I'm crazy ... just that I appreciate intelligent conversations and know where to find one ;-) 
Love people and use things , do not use people and love things . 
Does being fluent in Sarcasm count as a second language ? Because I'm thinking of Mastering in it . tee-hee :P 
An aunt can give hugs like a mother , keep secrets like a sister , and love\ 
like a friend ! If you're an aunt who loves her nieces and nephews , post\ 
this to your status . To my Aunt < PROPFEMALE > who has been all of these roles for me and more . You are the best !! <3 
Getting me a dose of < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . :) I love DVR'S!!! No commercials . 
If we practice and eye for an eye and a tooth for a tooth , soon the whole world will be blind and toothless . \ 
~ Mahatma Gandhi 
Work , like you don't need the money . Love , like you never been hurt . Dance , like nobody is watching . Sing , like nobody is listening . Live , like it is heaven on earth 
Farmville neighbors : I'm done . I no longer have any intrest in farming via virtual world . Feel free to delete me as a neighbor/friend to make room for others . :) It was a fun addiction while it lasted . But I've been cured . Now to get over my Facebook addiction . Now that is the real test . 
Which road would you choose ? The road on the left ... with nothing right ? Or the road on the right ... with nothing left ? 
PROMISE TO MY CHILD : I will stalk you , freak out on you , lecture you , drive you crazy , embarass you in front of your friends & hunt you down like a bloodhound until the day you understand why I do it . THEN I will know you are a responsible adult . All because I love you ! You will NEVER find someone who cares about you more than your mom ! I love you < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > and Zach . 
My three year old is \Why-ing\ " me to the crazy farm . \ " Mommy's taking a shower Zach . Why ? Because I need too . Why ? Because its hot and I sweating like a 500 lb man at a weight watchers meeting ater eating a dozen doughnuts . I want doughnuts . We aren't getting doughnuts Zach . Why ? Because it's lunch time . Why ? It's the meal we eat a few hours after breakfast . Why ?.... { He needs to be rebooted } " 
Nice day . Went sail boating at Rockport . It was lovely . Perfect weather ! 
A good sense of humor is essential to deal with the world's reality . 
It's been said that God never puts more on your plate than you can handle ~ well , I don't remember going back for seconds . And where is my dessert ! 
Let the wisdom of the ages guide you through the day . Or give you enough strength to thump the person annoying you ... KIDS COME HERE , MOMMY NEEDS YOU FOR A SECOND . 
I'm sick of PAIN . My head hurts < PROPFEMALE > freakin ' bad . UUUUGH ! 
almost choked to death on Lucky Charms this morning . It's not so magically delicious when it's lodged in your throat . 
thought outside the box but now I'm stuck in this stupid circle ... HEEEELLLLLP ! 
What consumes your thoughts , controls your life . 
Taking the kids and my mom to the water park for some last bit of fun in the sun . I can feel summer slip ... slip ... slipping away . Oh Summer , how I love thy , please stay awhile longer . I wish you were a Mafia boss and bullied Fall away . ;) 
making < PROPFIRST>'s Fav dish for dinner ... Julia Child's Beef Bourguignon . I must say it's possible one of my Fav's too . Yummy yummy :P 
\ I refuse to be anti-gay . I refuse to be anti-feminist . I refuse to be anti-artificial birth control . I refuse to be anti-Democrat . I refuse to be anti-secular humanism . I refuse to be anti-science . I refuse to be anti-life . \ " < PROPFEMALE > Rice " 
Full belly ... brownies baking ... time for some < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . PSYCH here I come . 
Why did I hate being grounded when I was a teen ? Being sent to my room , with the door shut , and no T.V. , sounds pretty good right now .. someone ground me NOW ! 
I am the sum of my experiences , good and bad , they have made me who I am today , so I live as a happy person with no regrets and a little more wisdom each day ... 
HAPPY ANNIVERSARY MY SWEET HUSBAND !!!!! 
Going boating Saturday please mother nature give me one more < PROPFEMALE > day . 
thinks that people in glass houses should wear clothes , liars should learn to live with the truth , and honesty isn't the best policy it's the only policy . 
At the age of 4 : Mom knows everything ! At 8 : Mom knows a lot ! At 12 : Mom doesn’t really know everything . At 14 : Mom doesn’t know anything . At 16 : Mom doesn’t exist . At 18 : She’s old fashioned . At 25 : Maybe Mom does know about this ! At 35 : Before we decide , let’s ask Mom . At 45 : I wonder what Mom thinks about this ? At 75 : I wish I could ask my Mom about this . 
Potty training ... ho hum , well this is the last one I'll be doing . He also starts pre-school next month . My baby is growing up fast . Hard to believe . 
Went to the Dobbie Brothers concert last night with my Auntie's and my mom . It was really fun . It was funny watching them introducing me as their sister . HA hA hA :D One group of people thought we were college buddies . I must look a lot older than I realize . Or my Aunties and mom look way young . It was a great way to endthe weekend and start the week . 
I'd like to sleep now ... please . 
Children learn to smile from their parents . :) Smile more . 
I love dinner time at my house . We are all gathered around the table trying to eat and kill each other seeing who chokes first . Either by laughing so hard milk or juice comes out the nose or a pea shots up into the sinus . Then there are the slaps up side the heads . Awe ... abuse and LAUGHTER . GOOD TIMES ( wipes tear from laughing so hard ) :~D <- pea stuck 
Cleaning today so I can enjoy my weekend and play and not clean until Tuesday which will be cleaning day again . AND THIS is how I'm spending my Friday . Okay what's my motivation ? Boating , wave runners , BBQ ... I can do this , I can . 
Boating and wave running was a blast yesterday !!! Summer is gone I do believe . But we held on to the last bits of it yesterday and relished in its rays . Farwell dear friend till next year . 
Back to < PROPMALE > class tonight . I felt nice to get back into the swing of things . Teaching reading tomorrow . Busy ... Busy ... I wouldn't have it any other way . :) 
Remebering those who died today . God BLESS < PROPFEMALE > . 
I'm going to kill that damn CROW !!!! sqwauk sqwauk I do enjoy nature . sqwauk sqwauk But this bird either needs to eat , find a mate , or move on . sqwauk sqwauk I don't care in which order . sqwauk sqwauk Just pick something and shut up . sqwauk sqwauk UGH ! sqwauk sqwauk sqwauk sqwauk sqwa .... 
One lesson in life you should ALWAYS remember is when you harbor bitterness , happiness will dock somewhere else . Lesson Learned . 
I am the sum of my experiences , good and bad , they have made who I am today , so I live as a happy person with no regrets and a little more wisdom each day ... 
Life has it's bumps and you adjust the stirring wheel and keep going . 
Joyful heart and joyful mind . Hmm .. the medication is working . Just a joke . Everyone have a Kickin ' day . One more day and it's FRIDAY ! To those who's \friday's\ " fall on another day < PROPFEMALE > in there your relief is right around the corner . " 
Baking cookies , baking cookies oh how I love to bake cookie . Well I reallly like the eating of the fresh baked cookies . Look at my picture that's a happy fat woman . :D I use to have a body of a model . Boy is she going to be pissed when she see's what I've done to it . 
Happy Birthday < PROPFIRST > Lennon you have changed our world , our toughts , and our culture . Wether you hated his view point and only liked his music or visa vers his perspective and voice moved many . He would have been 70 today . God Bless . 
Just did some damage at the music store . Music , it's my one weakness . { Lies I tell you , I have many weaknesses music is just at the top of the list . } 
I love sipping on a cup of tea in the wee hours of the morining and writing . Oh and Facebook is a wonderful distraction . Now back to writing . ;) 
Okay my brain is going too fast . I need to write but I just really really want to paint but here I am on Facebook . The spinnig vortex of time suck . Help me . Help me . If someone could just hit me with enough force it will be suffient to knock me off my axis and I can self correct and be back on course . 
Another wonderful Day . Been up for hours . I've burning up the key board . My hands are killing me . Its a good kind of pain . Well ... Facebook make me laugh . I guess that is a lot to ask of a application . So \friends\ " make me laugh . I need a break from being responsible . " 
* click * click * click*click*click * The sound of the keyboard . I really should sleep . Maybe just a couple of hours . After I see what's going on Facebook ............ nothing is going on . Wait , did anyone hear that my bed , pillow and blanket are calling me . Either that or I need better medication . 
Forgive and forget . I have a very , very forgiving heart and I don't forget . But that isn't because of malice , its because I learned from it . A lesson . A life lesson was learned . Why would I want to forget how I learned it ? Forgive and remember why you forgave . My mantra . 
Wondering where today will lead me on my journey . 
Sometimes we must be hurt in order to grow , fail in order to know , lose in order to gain . Sometimes we have to be broken so we can be whole again . When you have endured all of that the peace then will over come you , and gives you strength . So where ever you are on this path remember to be of good cheer today my friends and family . Peace is coming . 
At present my heart is full of joy , my mind is at peace , my ears are full of music . Now if I could just get my belly full of food . Cook faster dinner . I love my convection oven but sometimes that doesn't seem fast enough . Chicken enchiladas baby !!!! 
The consensus that science and spirituality are incompatible no longer holds firm . As the scientific understanding of the nature of reality deepens , perceptions are changing and people are beginning to show more interest in what I call our inner world . By this , I mean the dynamics and functions of consciousness : both our hearts and our minds . Dalai Lama 
Let the wisdom of the ages guide you through the day . Or give you enough strength to thump the person annoying you . There is my < PROPFEMALE > of wisdom for the day . You're welcome . ;) 
Life may not be the party we hoped for , but while we are here we might as well dance . Have a great day everyone . ( Just Dance ! ) ;) 
We are all people with the same feeling , hopes , and dreams it doesn't matter what country our feet are planted in . 
PEOPLE MAY NOT REMEMBER EXACTLY WHAT YOU DID , OR WHAT YOU SAID BUT THEY WILL ALWAYS REMEMBER HOW YOU MADE THEM FEEL . 
There is no denying that consideration of others is worthwhile and that our happiness is inextricably bound up with the happiness of others . There is no denying that if society suffers , we ourselves suffer , and the more our hearts and minds are afflicted with ill-will , the more miserable we become . We can reject religion , ideology , received wisdom , but we cannot escape the need for love and compassion . 
I haven’t walked in your shoes but I can appreciate it has been a long road . 
Love all , trust few , do wrong to none . 
I look at myself in the mirror ; am I vital today ? Yes , yes I am . ;) 
Live your life with arms wide open . 
Sorry but due to the cost of energy the light at the end of the tunnel has now been shut off . In it's place you'll find a hyper kid with a glow stick . 
If you are always looking back at where you have been you are going to miss where you are going . Acknowledge your past it made you who you are today but always keep your eyes forward because tomorrow is who you’ll become . 
It is important to distinguish between genuine humility , which is a type of modesty , and a lack of confidence . They are not the same thing at all , although many confuse them . This may explain , in part , why today humility is often thought of as a weakness , rather than as an indication of inner strength , especially in the context of business and professional life . 
Since we < PROPFEMALE > the true happiness that is brought about by a calm mind , and such peace of mind arises only from having a compassionate attitude , we need to make a concerted effort to develop compassion . We must use all the events of our daily life to transform our thoughts and behavior . 
You cannot talk about apple juice with someone who has never tasted it . No matter how hard you try the other person will not have a true experience of apple juice . The only way is to drink . This idea can apply to many things in life . Spirituality and education being among a couple I hold dear . 
Vote Vote Vote Vote It is so important . Vote Vote Vote Vote 
My rant for the day . You maybe surprised . Take a read post a comment . 
Respect me don’t recruit me . 
I cannot and will not cut my conscience to fit this year's fashion's . I am a square < PROPFEMALE > and will not be forced into a around hole . I like my angles(view point ) . 
So live that when your spouse say he/she is married to you , he/she will be boasting . I would like everyone to take this a step further . Be the kind of person people are honored to know and not the kind of person they make an excuse for knowing . 
There is no pillow so soft as a clear conscience . 
By learning you will teach , by teaching you will learn . 
Do not forget little kindness , and do forget small faults . 
I've carried a child within my body . I've slept with a baby on my chest . I have kissed boo boos . Mended broken hearts . Been puked , peed and pooped on . Spent sleepless nights in a rocking chair . But I wouldn't have it any other way . My body isn't magazine perfect but when I look in the mirror ... I see a mom and there is no greater honor or blessing . I love you < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , and Zach . 
Works , not words , are the proof of love . Gather your families close my friends . Everyone one of them is precious . I have seen families torn apart by lact of acceptance . Look for the good , not evil , in the conduct of memebers of the family . 
I wonder if its really possible to kill 2 birds with 1 stone . And why ? What did the poor birds do to deserve that ? Why not kill 2 clowns instead . They're scary . 
* BREAKING NEWS * All kids with their name starting with A - Z have been recalled by all local hospitals b/c they forgot to install the mute & stop buttons !!! I was so glad to hear this . I was worried my warranty expired . But the fine print just said kids with no age cap . SWEEET ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Stenquist\ 
A gem cannot be polished without friction , nor a person prefected without adversity . Does that mean I'm a crown < PROPFIRST > ? tee-hee 
I do not want a normal day . My normals days are crazy , chaotic , run until I crash from exhaustion . I want an abnormal day . You know , a day that resembles calm . 
' s brain has performed an illegal operation and will now shut down ; it will take approximately 5 hours to reboot ... good night all !! ( If I'm lucky I'll get 5 Hours ) 
This is a status update test . If this had been an actual status update you would feel entertained or perhaps lightly amused . But this is only a test . ;) Now go about your business . 
The more time I spend with my family the more I realize how awesome they are . I love my family , my extended family and my in-laws . I'm pretty lucky to have reached a point in my life that I find so much joy in the differences . We may not be able to choose our family(so some may say ) BUT I know I chose mine . I'm glad I did . :) 
My eyes and heart have always been open to recieving what ever I'm suppose to recieve . But it nice when they talk to each other and include the < PROPFIRST > because I feel less left out of the experience . :) 
Even is he is fond of quoting appropriate texts ( and scriptures ) , the thoughtless man who does not put them into practice himself is like a cow herder counting other people's cows , not a partner in the holy life . 
Facebook users are encouraged to change their profile images with images of their favorite childhood cartoons/animes . This campaign is to support the awareness on violence against children . Until Monday , December 6 , there should be no human faces on facebook , but an invasion of memories . This campaign will last until Decemeber 6 so do it !!! 
You and I wake up in jail together . Using ONLY 4 words , what do you say to \ 
me ? Note : If you comment , you must copy and paste this to your status so\ 
I may comment on yours as well . Be a good sport and play along , I did ! 
< PROPFIRST > lennon was gunned down 30 years ago today . We lost a great man that day . Thanks < PROPFIRST > for all you did to teach us to open our hearts , minds , and becoming more politically aware . 
My son < PROPFIRST > is auditioning for a school talent today he is sing Soul Sister by Train . My brother < PROPFIRST > is doing the guitar . 
Well < PROPFIRST > nailed the the audition . He preforms next Friday . I very proud of him for concuring his fears and trying something he always wanted to do . You ROCK my sweet boy . ;) Oh and my brother < PROPFIRST > was an awesome help . Love you little brother . Thanks for all your efforst in working with him you guys sounded awesome . 
We got a new puppy on Wednesday . Tonight I come home from taking the kids swimming and my hubby is starting a bath for her in the sing . Telling me she peed herself . I watch AS MY husband wash my new puppy . I'm SHOCKED . Now she won't leave his side . THAT IS DARN CUTE . I don't care who you are . :) I <3 you < PROPMALE > . < PROPFEMALE > looks great but I fear I may have to share my puppy . ( smile*wink ) I don't mind a bit . 
I will walk to hell to bring you ice water . But you lie to me you will wish Satan keeps you there instead of dealing with my wrath . Honesty ALWAYS ! ( This message was brought to you by a woman scorned . ) 
My sons talant show is today . Loading up equipment and stage back drop . I'm very excited . Please send positive energry our way today . < PROPFIRST > , breathe and enjoy your self . Thats more important than doing it perfect . 
Halloween , done . Thanksgiving , done . Christmas almost done . Sleep for the New Year , priceless . Just after I plan one more party , New Year's < PROPFEMALE > . Wait ... hubby take me out let someone else plan the party . I just want to show up , eat , dance , and not clean up . ;) 
Knowledge is knowing a fact . Wisdom is knowing what to do with the fact . 
Every Christmas you always hear people saying they want and bought . Well this is what I want , I want people who are sick with no cure to be able to be cured . I want children with no families , to be adopted , I want people to never have to worry about food and shelter & heat . A friend of mine posted this(Thank you < PROPFEMALE > ) . 
Child abuse casts a shadow the length of a lifetime . 
I'm sending out a Holiday wish to all my friends out their . Enjoy the season . Let it fill your heart . Let this joy < PROPFEMALE > you through the New Year . Decided now what kind of year you are going to have and make it happen . I encourage inner peace for All of You . 
A point about reporting someone to CPS . The intention isn't to remove the children but to improve the living conditions and address areas of neglect . When you try to tell someone what they are doing wrong and they yell at you and tell you to butt out . You have no choice but to obey the LAW . 
In prosperity , our friends know us ; in adversity , we know our friends . Same can be said about family . Those who continue to love you when you are down are the ones who have always loved you . Shame the actions of a person not the spirit . Love them and support them . 
I'm so excited for the new year . Hubby and I are going to a piano bar in Salt Lake for our New Years celebration . It has been a long Hoilday season . 
\Truth is as convinent as a paper cut . \ " < PROPFEMALE > Stenquist " 
My papercut of truth today ... I'm turning 39 this year . ( Well not till April , but , wow . ) New Years resolution ... Make it it 39 !!!!!!! ( Hey , I am aiming high . Making it another Birthday is kinda a big deal . Just means Life hasn't kicked my butt , yet . ) ;) 
Pay it forward 2011 ! I hereby promise to send something handmade to the 1st 5 people who leave a comment . Those 5 people must in turn post this and send something they made to the 1st 5 people who comment on their status . The only rules : it must be handmade by you , and must reach your 5 people sometime in 2011 . 
MARCOOOOOOoooo ....... 
to the Fayetteville ruffin's GAME ON ... Game will continue until all clues are knowon to everyone . I will post on my note the clues that have come in . Start the game by asking frineds if they know about the reunion ? post who knows about the reunion . 
definition , history : study of the past . I have been a history buff for some time . Mostly the study of history . I pose this question , why is history important ? 
My husband is yelling loud ! Some good football going on . :) 
If I pass through this life as only a flicker and only one person saw it , my existence will have been proven . I happy to be alive and kickin’ . 
Thank you for your voice and your heart Dr. < PROPMALE > . 
My facebook status wants to know what's on my mind ? Really at 1:37 am on a monday night ? Word barf ... yep alot of it on the internet tonight . Night all . That's what's on my mind . 
She is both a Republican and Democrat , independently . But reflects on the way our Fore Fathers intended the parties to represent ? Hmm .... 2012 what will you bring ? Prediction ?! I got one . ;) 
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOO ! 
YES ! YES ! YES ! Three points count them only three points !!!!! 
I feel a tear welling in my eye . 
The joining of spirtuality and science is evident when a person endures sever illness .. it is the will and want to < PROPFEMALE > on ; spirit + a little science + positive influences(prays and meditation from others) = recovery ; what ever form that is . 
To dream of a person you would like to be is to waste the person you are . For today be happy you are you . No regrets . The choices you made were who you are at that moment . 
I have to cause I want to and I want to cause I have too . ( comments by my ten year old boy ) I think he was being funny but it sounds so ... perfect . 
tried being normal . Didn't like the feeling , so I'm going back to being ME . 
Today ... EXPECT- nothing of anyone ! ACCEPT- others as they are ! RESPECT- everyone regardless ! CONTROL- yourself because its all you control ! 
Sun is out , I'm up ... it is a good day . Simple pleasures are the best . 
Breathe . 
Anger can be cured by time ; hatred cannot Much may happen to make the angry man pity those who offend him , but the hater under no circumstances wishes to pity a man whom he has once hated : for the one would have the offenders suffer for what they have done ; the other would have them cease to exist . ” —Aristotle 
I've got it on good athority that I'm tired ... it's only 11:40 am ! 
Friends , genuine friends , are attracted by a warm heart , not money , not power . A genuine friend considers you as just another human being , as a brother or sister , and shows affection on that level , regardless of whether you are < PROPMALE > or poor , or in a high position ; that is a genuine friend . 
Yesterday is a cancelled check . Tomorrow is a promissory note- Today is cash in hand ; spend it wisely . Enjoy your day . 
Life may not be the party we hoped for , but while we \ 
are here we might as well dance . 
Foolish , selfish people are always thinking of themselves and the result is always negative . Wise persons think of others , helping them as much as they can , and the result is happiness . Love and compassion are beneficial both for you and others . Through your kindness to others , your mind and heart will open to peace . \ 
-Dalai Lama 
Giving you a choice . Therapy is expensive , popping bubble wrap is free . pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop but what happens when you run out ... ugh . 
