Everyone : I didn't send you a pokemon . i merely clicked the application and it somehow did it on its own . 

is pretty much moved out of her apartment . Only her bed , dresser , fridge , kitchen stuff , bathroom stuff , and a week's worth of clothes left to go , because I'll only be here a week longer . :D 
is home for summer ! YAY ! 
is sunburned on her right arm ... and ONLY her right arm . :/ 
is almost done unpacking . oh , the joys of moving ... 
went to the Angels game she won tickets for . Angels lost 1 to 11 . Horrible . 
is COMPLETELY moved out of the apartment now ! 
Did you hear about the man who named his horse Radish ? haha yum .... radishes :D 
shot a BB rifle today . I'm a pretty good shot too . ;P 
is looking at her prospective class schedule for Fall . Only needing to take 12 units this coming semester is looking mighty easy . Plenty of free time for me to bug my future roommate . ;P 
just remembered that she has to take CD 410 in the Fall . Maybe not so much free time ? Ugh . F that class . Why do I need to know that for my concentration anyway ?? >:( 
how do fridges get so gross ? * scrub scrub scrub * :/ 
finally found the invisible splinter that's been in my hand since yesterday ... but it's so < PROPFEMALE > and embedded that I can't get it out . :( Somebody help me . 
didn't think she liked frozen yogurt until she met Joghurt . It pwns Pinkberry , fer sure . 
gets to pick her classes for Fall in three days ! 
has been having a horrible time sleeping lately . :/ 
is looking forward to this week . :D 
got paid today ! :D Now to pay back my dad , pay a parking ticket , and set aside some gas money for September ... 
is home again home again , jiggity jig . 
is going to take some melatonin tonight in hopes that it will help her sleep better . 
One man was hatless , his hair sticking up on one side as if he had just risen from bed and not even run his fingers across his head . 
finished making her wings for this friday :D 
is now addicted to playing Sims , and she blames it on < PROPMALE > for playing in front of her and making her really really really want to play Sims as soon as she got home . lol 
is an astronaut . 
is going out to dinner tonight , but is STARVING RIGHT NOW ! I keep eating .... need to stop . 
dyed her hair . :D 
is making double chocolate brownie cookies , and as soon as her mom buys whipping cream and chocolate chips ...... truffle-topped brownie bites . MMMMM ! 
is going to get all clean . :) 
is doing demonstrations . 
has eaten too much food .... full tummy ..... :/ 
Ugh . Sleep . 
doesn't get sushi tonight . :( 
is going to her grandmother's funeral today . 
is home . 
HATES waking up hot ! >:( 
ate 2 eggs , a bunch of hashbrowns , 3 pancakes , and half an english muffin for breakfast this morning , and is FINALLY no longer full . 
is going out in the heat to lay by the pool . Wish me luck ! haha 
is now slightly tanned and eating an ice cream cone . 
wants a teriyaki ( veggie ) burger . 
is going to eat some Cap'n Crunch ! 
wants something to do today .... anything ? anyone ? 
is a brownie-making machine . 
UGH . Incredibly bored . 
WHAT . WHY DIDN'T BURN NOTICE RECORD ??? >:( 
here comes a candle to light you to bed , here comes a chopper to chop off your head . 
is going to go see a movie today . :D 
thinks happy love movies are more saddening than sad love movies . 
never feels too good when she takes a nap right after eating . 
i lay out in the sun for two days , nothing . someone turns the a/c off while i'm sleeping ... THEN my heat allergy acts up . my poor arms . :( 
is all dressed up with no where to go ... and about to make pancakes for herself . 
left arm is aching . :/ 
is going to BED . and my arm is aching again . :/ 
just woke up from what was supposed to be a nap .... now what ? haha 
wants to be your friend because she thinks your face is funny . 
wonders what time she should go to bed ... 
is now eating dinner ..... at 3 in the morning . 
time to try to sleep again . 
forget fml.com . mylifeisaverage.com ftw ! bahaha 
RAWR at csun . RAWR ! >:( 
is icing her arm to death . brrrrr .... 
wtf is wrong with leeza's roommate ? seriously ..... wtf ? < PROPMALE > mental problems , i swear . 
pool today 
just cut a hole in her bathing suit .... WAT . Also , wants to see 500 Days of Summer . 
has a sore throat .... is it from the chlorine from the pool or the fumes from the fire ? 
my face feels so dried out from the pool . ugh . 
wants to go to a lake or something ....... Something nature-y . haha 
is eating hot cheetos puffs . 
is talking to Miss Leeza . 
Is it possible for your calves to hurt from sitting too much ? Man .... I feel like I've been exercising . 
is trying to complete a 2000 piece puzzle in 10 minutes . 
really likes cornflowers . 
legs still hurt ... :/ need to stretch . 
oh , 2000 piece puzzle .... how complicated you are . 
is watching Jurassic Park III . 
just made $25.25 in a garage sale . :) 
found The < PROPMALE > Horror Picture Show on tv , and now wants to go to a show again . Who wants to come with ? 
needs a nap . 
is STILL in need of a nap . 
is tempted to go to bed right now . 
My phone is DEAD and I won't be able to charge it till Wednesday late afternoon . Stupid lack of signal killing my phone ... 
just realized that today is her half-birthday ! 
got attacked by a spider/bug while she was sleeping . two bug bites . :( 
is hearing good things about District 9 . I want to see it . 
wants some Taco < PROPFEMALE > . 
just watched Watchmen .... FINALLY . 
just killed a spider . :/ i hope it was the one that bit me ! take that , spider ! 
is eating ( drinking ? ) a rootbeer float . 
is moving back to Northridge tonight ! :O 
is finally moved into her dorm .... well the essential stuff . i still need everything else from my house . 
discovered that Babbit is not fat , and that he is actually a she . 
is alone now because Leeza left her for the weekend . Luckily , my new roommates move in tomorrow . :) 
is waiting . 
i gave babbit a piece of cardboard , and he's going CRAZY ! O_O 
WHERE ARE MY ROOMMATES ???? 
Today , both maintenance and cleaning came by to make sure there were no repair problems and that we were satisfied with the cleaning .... I SWEAR they never did that in the Deaf dorms ! :/ 
just found and killed two ginormous bugs while trying to take some boxes out to the trash .... and is now scared to touch the boxes at all ! 
is beginning to think her roommates don't exist . 
loves her roommates . <3 
is enjoying this semester so far . :) lol one day down .... how many to go ?? 
just walked half an hour to and from class ... SO HOT ! grapes and water are the most delicious things in the world right now . 
wants a giant cookie cake right now ..... mmmmmm ..... all to myself ..... lol 
thinks she'll walk to class early and enjoy the outdoors for a while . 
just burned her finger on a very hot piece of cheese . * criez * 
doesn't feel well . :( 
it seems i may have the whole dorm to myself this weekend ... * sigh * 
has food in her fridge now . :) 
cable died .... boo . i wanted to watch World's Most Amazing Videos . :( 
has a sore throat . :( 
my mouth itches ! and leeza says i have mouse std's .... 
black eyeliner makes me sleepy . 
i was flipping the channels when i came across a LA City Council meeting that was being broadcasted . Sitting in the background , was a person in full KKK get-up . I find this both scary and confusing ... 
is watching Conan . 
WAT ! It's past my bedtime ! 
why am i so allergic ?? 
had a dream about occlumency last night . haha 
my cat just caught a bug . yeah ! go < PROPFIRST > ! 
can't sleep when Criminal Minds re-runs keep playing on right after another ! 
wants to go to a Sonic Drive-In . 
is going to bed after this show is over ! I SWEAR ! 
just realized she was holding her breath ... breathe , < PROPFEMALE > . breathe . 
does anybody know how to bartend or know someone that knows how ? let me know . 
is teething , 
has sudden tummy pain . :( 
nappppppppp 
is going to a comic book themed campus event tonight . woo ! 
i thought a person ran into my bedroom window ... or maybe a bird ... but it was a sonic boom . haha 
met my neighbors and some other new friends last night . yay :) 
why do cheesy things taste so good with tomato soup ? 
can't sleep lately . :( 
made her roommate cry . lol 
is in the ASL lab ... lah < PROPFIRST > dah 
is getting pizza tonight . NOM 
<3 
who wants to go to a party with meeeeeee ? 
i don't really know how a jaffa cake tastes , but i kinda want to eat one . 
has a headache behind her eyeballs . 
wants to go to Knotts Scary Farm this year .... or Disneyland , because I've never been there for Halloween . 
now wants to build a fort . 
needs some riboflavin . 
ran through some sprinklers on campus yesterday . :) 
has now been called a \bad ass\ " two times in her life . I'm starting to believe it . RAWR " 
Oh , beautiful delicious water .... 
my green tea died . sad . :( 
had an amazing weekend . <3 and no work tomorrow ! yeah ! 
my roommate is watching a video online of a man being tortured/killed . :/ 
Look for the bare necessities , The simple bare necessities , Forget about your worries and your strife ! 
Thank you , Yom Kippur , for giving me an extra day of rest . Back to work tomorrow . 
has a stampede of baby elephants ! 
actually wrote an outline before writing a paper . i don't know why i never do that . easiest paper ever . 
let me rephrase : actually wrote an outline before writing a paper FOR THE FIRST TIME SINCE HIGH SCHOOL ( haha ) . i don't know why i never do that . easiest paper ever . 
just sold 12 elephants . 
is drinking white tea . 
wants some dunk-a-roos and apple juice . 
is inventing things in the kitchen , and it's delicious ! 
circus peanuts ! yeah ! 
does strange things when she's alone . 
is really really cold . what is going on ?? 
remembers now why she rarely drinks soda . 
soooooo sleepy today ... 
and why facebook is putting that weird \39\ " things in my status post ...? who knows that either ... " 
did amazingly good on her test today ! yeahyeah ! but , really , it's no surprise ... :P 
does anybody want to buy 2 tickets for TOYSTORY 1 & 2 in 3D for this Friday at 10pm at the theater in Chino Hills ? the person i was going to go with isn't able to go anymore ... 
thinks she might have to become a scalper on friday night . Toy Story tickets , anyone ? 
FINALLY sold the Toy Story tickets . :) 
sleepiness is getting the better of me . 
i stay at the dorms , i'm home alone all day . i go home for the weekend , i'm STILL home alone all day ! 
goodnight , < PROPFEMALE > . 
wishes she could sleep right now , but has to go take a test in half an hour ... :( 
I asked Leeza what she would do if we were walking back from class together Monday night and suddenly zombies started chasing us , and she said she would push me toward them ! ... sad 
is eating ice cream on a cold day . 
just made chocolate chip pancakes for dinner . 
bedtime ! 
wants the new Samsung DualView camera . 
loves waking up early on a saturday to take a test . /sarcasm 
is stuck . 
and in a funk . 
it's the dementors . 
can't find anything i want to wear ... 
saddest law and order svu episode i've ever seen ... 
doesn't think the new facebook is really that different . 
i wish i had a heating pad for my tummy . :( 
has yet another bladder infection . * criez * 
just told her roommate how to make a handmade whip . * WWWPCH ! * ( whip noise ) 
is going to go watch Hocus Pocus and eat terrifying treats . 
RIP < PROPFIRST > . So sad ... 
really doesn't want to write an essay right now . 
just decided on the class schedule she wants for next semester . :) 
lip hurts . * pout * 
is eating Cap'n Crunch out of the box . 
today i saw a guy on campus walking around in what appeared to be a Halloween costume . when he turned around , i discovered he was dressed as V from \V for Vendetta . \ " i then realized that today is the fifth of november . haha " 
is looking forward to early thanksgiving :) 
did not want to eat a sandwich . 
recieved an email from the \The Msn/Yahoo Lottery Incorporation\ " saying i won a bunch of money .... so i looked it up . totally a scam . " 
making sugar cookies in the shapes of < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , Droopy , and Quacker . 
just discovered that you're more likely to get attacked by a cow than a shark . I told you not to antagonize that cow in Ireland , Seamus ! You could have been attacked ! 
just cleaned the bathroom . squeaky clean . ^_^ 
:( 
if you don't want other people to have your information , check WHITEPAGES . COM and make sure you're not listed . it could be listing your address , phone number , cities you've lived in in the past , and possible relatives ! 
i have a headache behind my right eye :/ 
boring saturday 
i have a cut on my lip ... orange juice hurts . 
i wish i had a coloring book 
bought some Pocky . NOMNOMNOM 
the tv version of Liar Liar is funny . \i kissed her brains out ! \ " lol " 
vacuumed ! 
on boring days i wish to be more active , and on busy days i yearn for relaxation . can't there be a happy medium ? 
avocado on toast for breakfest 
had a wonderful weekend with < PROPMALE > and my family :) 
why is my USA channel not working ?? :( 
ever since that trader < PROPFIRST>'s commercial , i wants some warm spiced apple cider . mmmm ... 
it's 12:37 .... time to get dressed ? yes , i think so . 
my dinner tonight ? a tuna sandwich . thanksgiving dinner postponed till saturday . 
mmmmm bagel bites 
i'm training my brother's dog . take that , scrappy ! 
wants the next cat she owns to be orange . 
just spent the last 4 hours studying for a single test . i think that is the most i've ever studied for something in my life ! 
The < PROPMALE > Horror Picture Show isn't as fun when your stomach hurts so badly you can hardly do the Time Warp . :( 
loves mashed sweet peas so much , she licks the bowl clean . 
there's a light over at the Frankenstein place ! 
really wants some ice cream . any voluteers to bring me some ? :D 
leeza is collapsed sleeping on her bed sideways , one leg on the bed , one leg off ... 
it doesn't feel like the weekend ... :/ 
HATES PHONES . 
just watched The Strangers alone .... quite possibly a bad idea . 
doesn't feel like doing anything today . 
needs to do the rest of her christmas shopping . 
only has two finals : one tonight from 8pm-10pm , and one tomorrow from 3pm-5pm . 
wants to jump on a trampoline in a fancy dress . hahaha 
today feels like it was two days long . 
why is salmon dip so delicious ? mmmmmm .... 
is going to eat a yummy piece of fudge . 
my tummy is hungry but my eyes want to be closed . if only i could sleep-eat ... 
my computer is so slow i type messages and the person i'm talking to has time to sign off before they're ever sent ! stupid facebook . stupid chat . stupid computer . >:-| 
going to bed ! i get to open christmas presents in the morning ... do you ? :P 
for the first time ever , i had a dream that i died . i got shot in the head . :( then i turned into a ghost and the kids and some of the teachers at work could see me , so i just decided to stay there forever and work for free as a ghost , and i was very sad . 
if one of my professors did not post my grade by the deadline .... then what ? 
the bananas smell like cucumbers .... strange . 
really needs to stop eating these pumpkin seeds . too much salt ! 
.... okay one more . 
hasn't been eating very well today : breakfast- grilled cheese , lunch - french fries and fried zucchini , dinner - corn muffin and white cheddar cheetos puffs :/ 
also , these cheetos puffs aren't very puffy . dissapointing . 
popcorn for dinner ... 
watching a Law and Order : SVU episode with a deaf character in it ... of course it's Marlee . 
my mouth is numb . :( 
got a new dress today . :D 
is watching Black Beauty . :) 
doesn't understand how posting your bra color will raise awareness for breast cancer ... * shrugs * 
thinks every girl that posted their bra color should now do a self-exam to check for lumps . <--- now THAT'S spreading awareness 
wishes IHOP gave away free pancakes all day on National Pancake Day so that I could get some . Too bad I work in the morning ... :/ 
my computer's clock is 34 minutes behind the actual time ... i don't understand . 
my birthday is exactly one month from today . :) 
Quote of the Day - Leeza ( after setting up the < PROPFEMALE > Stone she just purchased ): \I just payed a million dollars for homework ... \"" 
is learning Korean . 
salmon with mashed potatoes and green beans for dinner . mmmmmm ... 
although I do enjoy reading the fml website , i really hate the overuse of the phrase \fml\ " in everyday conversation and FB status updates . " 
made some delicious shrimp fried rice . mmmmm 
i'm so bored , and i just got dressed , and i want to do something , but I have nothing to do . :( 
i swear my only company all day must have been a dementor . 
another boring day ... 
really really REALLY wants to go to Disneyland ... 
i've been alone for two days now .... going STIR CRAZY . :/ 
who's going to use their perfect brownie maker ?? < PROPFEMALE>'s going to use her perfect brownie maker !! 
the dorm oven burnt my brownies . saddest sad ever . :( 
won't be surprised if she ends up spending her birthday alone just like she was all this weekend . 
just did something in 30 minutes on my friends computer that would have taken me hours on my own computer . 
i've decided my favorite animals are rabbits and octopus . 
i want a smoothie .... with bananas in it ! 
just made my computer's start up time a lot faster than it was before ! yeah ! 
now i made my internet faster 
i wish i were a ballerina . 
should remember to measure out EVERYTHING next time she bakes/cooks/anything . 
oh yeah .... i took the CBEST today , in case that's important to anybody . 
To Celebrate Valentines Day , Change your Profile Picture to you and your significant other . and make sure to tell how long you've been together ! Copy and Paste this to your profile ! well that's easy ... it already is ! but i'm not exactly sure i could tell you how long we've been together . it gets kind of confusing . 
not feeling well today . :( 
the textbook i rented from chegg.com came with a beanie and a pen ! haha 
if it's not my stomach , it's my head . ughhhhhhh 
tummy still hurts for the 3rd day straight ... ow ow ow ! stupid intestines . 
so excited for this weekend ! :D 
my birthday is tomorrow ! yay ! 
why can't my hair just stay the way it looks ( right after i brush it ) all day long ? 
tummy ... rawrawrawr 
The Perfect Brownie Maker is NOT perfect ! * anger * 
picked a topic for her research paper/video ! yeah yeah ! 
dear farmville , you're adding too many new things at the same time , and i don't like it ! 
why is everybody going to Disneyland except for me ? :( 
i am happy . 
in case you're curious , i passed the cbest . 
I didn't sleep well last night . :( 
i won a $50 giftcard to the CSUN bookstore ! WOO ! :D 
babbit ate my bed . :( 
I have no idea what movie I am watching right now . 
i woke up to sun shining through my window and the sound of rain . it was < PROPFEMALE > AND raining ! haha 
i just made french toast with blueberry syrup and bananas . mmmmmmmmmmm 
guess i'll be stuck here alone all night doing hw , instead of listening to live music and eating ramen . i hate this weekend . 
watching Independence Day . 
i . am . bored . rawr . rawr . rawr . 
anybody have duct tape so i can tape my laptop back together ? i think that might work ... lol 
i like this Lightspeed Champion guy 
wants a teacup pig . 
i couldn't fall asleep last night , then when i did my dreams woke me up , and then babbit woke me up , and then a man calling leeza twice at 4 in the morning asking to buy her panties woke me up ..... bad night of sleep ! 
discovering i have the ingredients to make a creamy pesto sauce = delicious pasta 
once again i have no idea what movie I'm watching ... 
sore throat .... what happened ?? 
what am i watching now ? oh , blood < PROPFEMALE > 
My brother got accepted to Marymount College . Yay Seamus ! 
i hate that i want to bake but i'm too scared to do so because my oven sucks and burns everything .... 
having a sore throat has led me to discover that i can push my trachea ( at least i think that's what i'm pushing about ) and it sounds .... crunchy . ugh . grosses me out . 
if i end this semester with 3 As and 2 Bs ( or better ) , i think i will graduate with honors . 
daylight savings time ...... ahh man , i just lost an hour ! 
field trip today ! yeah ! 
walking field trip + walking to campus + walking to campus again = SO MUCH EXERCISE ! 
i want to watch the Looney Tunes episode \Streamlined < PROPFEMALE > Green \"" 
legs are definitely sore from so much walking yesterday 
tv doesn't work yet again . i've decided i hate directv ... 
i'm going to universal studios for free tomorrow ! 
i need goggles to clean the bathroom .... the fumes from the cleaner are hurting my eyes ! 
:O i found my glove i thought i lost ! 
there was a wasp in my dorm ! so scary ... 
the floor cut my foot :( 
i miss my windowseat ... 
i'm at home in ontario for a week , let me know if you want to < PROPFEMALE > out or if something fun is going on :) 
I really enjoyed How to Train Your Dragon :) 
Ask me anything http://formspring.me/yumnori 
< PROPMALE > crab legs for easter 
Day 2 of looking at apartments will commence in about 1 hour . 
I wrote 6 pages of my Capstone paper today . Time for a break ... 
i THINK i'm maybe done with editing my Capstone video .... i'm nervous about deciding whether i'm done or not . :/ i hope i'm not forgetting something ! 
Now I'm done with my group's Deaf History video ! YAY 
I accidentally went Hulk on my ice cream cone .... how does that even happen ?? I swear I barely touched it ! 
My friend needs to interview ( this week ) a mental health professional currently working in any clinical setting about their diagnostic procedures and their opinions of the DSM-IV-TR . Anyone know someone who has the time and is receptive to an interview ? 
1 hour and 23 minutes till i can go home . 
five people i know have a birthday tomorrow .... jeez man . 
omg ... 3 more days till the anniversary of Voldemorte's defeat ! 
anyone want to buy 2 tickets to disneyland from me ? 
leeza is not going to win because she hasn't worked out in forever ! 
where's my boyfriend ? 
i have a headache ... < PROPMALE > sad 
Babbit apparently had a < PROPMALE > thirsty all last night , much to my annoyance . Most interrupted sleep ever ... 
my phone is dead . 
i love Pomplamoose . 
3 hour nap today :) 
nap was not kind to me today . just woke up with a headache . :( 
ramen cured my headache 
I graduate today . :D 
OMG . Homeward Bound makes me SO HAPPY . :D 
Why do I still only have 1 grade in ?? Isn't today the last day to turn in grades ...? 
3 grades in ... 2 to go . 
why is it that i can be doing nothing for hours and no one will call me , but the minute i decide to take a nap four people call me ?? :/ 
i want a sugar cookie . a soft sugar cookie . 
my scalp feels sunburned . what happen ? 
i passed all three subtests of the CSET in one go ! woo ! 
not a very happy morning . :/ 
why not ? i have nothing to do tonight ... If\ 
you like this status , I will post on your wall something I like about\ 
you . Make this as your status if you want a challenge . :) 
i could really use a frozen treat of some sort right now . 
I decided to try out Menchies Frozen Yogurt . Preeeeetty good . I got two flavors -- mango and peach -- and i topped it off with some blueberries and little pieces of mochi . The mochi was my favorite . <3 
i hurt my right big toe .... < PROPFEMALE > ? :( 
how come the only questions anyone asks me on formspring are horrible questions that i don't want to answer ? :/ 
where should i go to eat dinner right now ? 
i have some kind of splinter in my thumb , and i'm not happy . 
i'm coming home monday ! yeah yeah yeah ! * opening and closing drawers * :) 
super not good day . 
I want to eat the new CinniMinions from IHOP ... mmmmmm 
My diploma was mailed out yesterday ! :D 
I just watched Sherlock Holmes for the second time and realized that Sherlock and Watson very much remind me of House and < PROPMALE > . 
phone is dead . charge charge charge . 
i want a milkshake . 
i'm trying to convince my brother to let me fold him up in the couch . 
i love waffles with berries and whipped cream for breakfast :) 
Got approved for my apartment ! yeah ! get the keys on July 30 ! 
woke up and can't fall back asleep . fail . :/ 
i love thunder . 
too much heat today ... now I have a rash on my side . :( 
who wants to come lay by the pool with me ? 
the house is asleep . 
pincurling my hair ... for fun . :) 
i need a hobby that doesn't require very much learning for me to be able to do it ... 
i am officially in the Traditional Education Specialist Preliminary\ 
Deaf and Hard of Hearing Credential Program at CSUN ! 
i move into my new apartment this weekend :) 
i've enrolled in some classes :) 
almost all the way packed . mostly it's just clothes left . 
i am excited . :) 
i have internet now ! 
finally got our couches ! now it is a home 
my fan keeps making high pitched squealing noises . what the heck . 
how did it get so late so fast ? 
facebook can't seem to handle the amount of photos i've been uploading . it needs a break ... 
i am in desperate need of a new fan . i can't sleep with this squealing ... 
having our apartment sprayed for bugs apparently angered the spiders . miss leeza just killed 2 ! 
UGH I woke up super hot , and now I can't fall back asleep ! Also , my fan's motor is officially dead . It doesn't work at all . :/ Perfect timing , fan ... 
... now i want nachos 
i do not like being emailed last minute >:-| 
i just swallowed a giant piece of apple without chewing it .... ouch 
i'm really starting to hate today 
i just made an orange-nectarine-blueberry-banana smoothie . mmmmmmmmm 
I made falafel for dinner ! mmmmm delicious in pita bread with hummus and lettuce . nomnomnom 
I just saw Easy A . I liked it . I hardly ever go see movies , so it was fun . :) 
that's some orange pee ! 
second grade lunch time is stressful ... 
living off a credit card is scary . can i have some income please ? pay day is in 6 days ... and then i'm broke again . 
my cousin just had a baby ! a new baby in the family :) 
\Grammar is important . Capitalization is the difference between helping your Uncle < PROPFIRST > off a horse and helping your uncle < PROPFIRST > off a horse . \ " hahaha " 
50 YEAR OLD MAN\ 
MISSING . He has been missing since noon yesterday . He was last\ 
seen wearing blue jeans and a blue shirt , he has no shoes but only\ 
socks . He was last seen on < PROPFEMALE > and Riverside ( Rialto ) . He is a 50\ 
year old white male , but has the mind of a 7 year old . Please if you\ 
have any information contact Rialto PD . And if everyone can just please\ 
pray for him that he returns safely to his family . 
My apartment is amazing . My schedule is amazing . My health is amazing . My heart is amazing . My financial situation is amazing ... My life is currently one big fat amazing ! hahahaha Optimist Prime ftw ! :P 
\MY FINGER IS ITCHING .... SO MUCH . THIS IS INSANITY . \"" 
i want ........... an ice cream cone . 
where's the hot water ?? b-b-b-b-brrrrrrrrrrr ! 
i want to be tagged in fun photos doing fun things .... a very rare occurance lately . :/ 
HELP : if someone uses up all their paper towels , can you please give me the cardboard tube that is in the middle ? i need it for my halloween costume , and i don't think i'll be able to use all my paper towels in time ! darn costco paper towels ... 
just heard that Verizon is going to be selling IPads , and MIGHT even be selling IPhones . :O Not that i can afford any of that .... 
Also , on my way home , I saw a Boba Truck where the Crepes Truck usually is . Granada Hills seems to have some pretty bomb food trucks . I need to try them . 
My phone is permanently DEAD . :( * adds cellphone to christmas wish list * 
PHONE WORKS NOW ! 
i like new friends , and i like new old friends . or is it old new friends ? 
i want a good weekend 
my halloween costume is now complete ! 
i haven't eat since yesterday afternoon . ummmmm ..... wat . 
I am SUPER SUPER SUPER excited for my halloween party ! :D 
Outside of a dog , a book is man’s best friend . Inside of a dog it’s too dark to read . 
do i have class tonight ? it's been canceled 2 weeks in a row . i think i'm the only one not getting the email notifications ... it would be nice to know in advance . 
i think i might make a million pumpkin bread muffins tomorrow . that is my halloween . 
i just made a dozen muffins ! Now making a loaf . 
lonely night bleh 
i saw < PROPFEMALE > and the Machine last night , Especially liked one of the opening bands , Grouplove . 
i will be going to bed approx . 20 < PROPFEMALE > after my bedtime . boo . 
I just found out that oranges are a type of < PROPFIRST > ... 
i want to be lizard-happy . 
loved < PROPMALE > Potter ! LOVE LOVE LOVE . I think it was my favorite of all the movies thus far . Glad they cut the book in half so they could include more . :) 
i feel so tired and blah . staying up till 4am does not work for me no matter how late i sleep in . 
A pepper < PROPFIRST > grilled cheese sandwich tastes pretty amazing at 3am . 
i keep thinking that today is sunday ..... it isn't . 
breakfast burrito or egg sandwich ...... decisions , decisions . 
i made some salsa . i had to force myself to stop eating it . so addicting . nomnomnom 
where did the day go ? 
homework = DONE 
i've been vegetarian for 8 years , and i just found out that quinoa contains the most complete protein source for vegetarians . i like quinoa ! why didn't i know this before ?? 
black friday feels like the longest day EVER 
i am currently wearing my < PROPFEMALE > cat apron . i like to refer to it as my Professor Umbridge apron . 
the package says \coupons inside\ " ... WHERE'S MY COUPONS ?? " 
do i bore you ? 
weather is cracking my lips :( 
I saw Tangled at the El Capitan today . It was fun , and the movie was really good too ! 
why is it still saturday ?? oh , because i got up at 6 am ... 
bed or movie ....? um , movie . 
lazy day .......... 
i'm pretty sure it's the complete bum in me that hates having to do an extra click to share a status update ... 
christmas decorating ! 
yar yop yeck bleh bragh zsechewah . yep that's how i feel . 
My homework that i thought i had to do was already finished days ago ! man , i'm good . haha 
online final finished ! i am now completely done with this semester . :) 
today was great , but now it's stupid . 
I just applied to 5 places . Anyone know of any places that are hiring ? I'm in desperate need of 2nd job ! 
wait ... are sunday and monday going to be as boring as right now is ? home alone :/ 
my right arm feels like it got sucker punched . what happened ? 
i feel like i'm dying ... hate . uti . hate . 
i hate online job applications . 
I got a compliment on my voice from a lady at church who sings well herself . :D 
Place I've applied to so far : Fresh and Easy , Target , Apple , Staples , < PROPMALE>'s , Regency Theaters , Baskin Robbins , Starbucks , and Autozone ... where else can I apply ? 
i just realized that i should probably eat something .... cookies are not dinner . 
i will be going ' poo-less in a few days . we'll see how this goes ... 
i just did a phone interview with H&R Block . * crosses fingers * 
goodbye money . 
I got a job as a receptionist at H&R Block ! YAY !! 
tonight is the night < PROPFEMALE > visits our house . sorry you guys all have to wait one more night . 
sooooooooooooo sleepy . i slept horribly last night . 
my parents are out partying while my brother and i are at home . i think something is wrong with this picture . haha 
i know what i'm wearing for New Years , but I don't know what I'm doing for New Years .... 
regular pizza , pizza bagels ... never fails ; i will always burn my mouth in a hurry to eat it straight out of the oven . 
i just realized i can now put up my 2011 calendar ! 
i'm going to go for a walk today . not for exercise , but because i look pretty today and it feels stupid for me to just sit at home looking pretty . lol maybe i'll walk to the grocery store . 
today so far : walked to the grocery store . made delicious salsa with ingredients from grocery store . mmmmmm ... 
oh , today ... 
Today I met two guys who are tax pros at the H&R Block office I'll be working at , and they seem to be the nicest out of anyone I've met , so that's exciting ! Oh by the way , if all you have to fill out for taxes is a 1040EZ , H&R is doing them for FREE this year . 
my toes are so COLD ! 
vegetarian chili for dinner . nomnomnom 
My birthday is in a month . I don't know when i'm having a party , but i decided it will be a SUPER HERO PARTY ! super villians are invited as well . 
my birthday is in exactly one month !! 
today my mom and i made veggie burgers from scratch . they were so good , i think i'll eat another one for dinner . 
My birthday is Feb 13 , so keep your eyes open for an invitation to my Superhero birthday party sometime around then . i need to find out my work schedule first . 
Who wants to spend MLK Jr Day with me ? I have nothing to do ... 
yay ! i found another website that has the bedding i want , since walmart no longer has it on their website . now to just be able to afford it ... 
waffle for breakfast ? i'm thinking yes . :D 
i made chocolate chip cookies . nom . 
I got hit in the face with a ball today . I think my ear is bruised . :( darn 1st graders ... 
I look pretty right now . I was told that I look like I could be going out swing dancing tonight . Too bad the only people to see were the people at Kaiser and H&R Block ... 
Did I mention that I had a handsome guy flirting with me all evening ? He was only 1 years old . haha 
Either my boyfriend's phone is broken or my boyfriend is broken ... not sure which . 
The only problem with ( veggie ) burgers is that they don't last long enough for me to truly enjoy them . Out of the oven and into my mouth . GONE . 
monday sick , tuesday boring , wednesday stupid ... this week is great . what's tomorrow going to be ? 
Plan for tomorrow : Cut off all my hair , buy stuff from grocery store for my party while they're still having a super bowl sale , do homework , and hope that it's enough to keep me distracted from my thoughts . 
I haven't had breakfast or lunch yet .... i think i should eat something . 
what can i do with a million potatoes besides mashed potatoes ? nothing too time-consuming ... 
i think ... maybe ... my haircut makes me look older than i did before ? i look my age maybe ? * crosses fingers * 
today was boring , but restful , so that's good . 
Someone desperately needs to buy me \The < PROPFEMALE > Spyglass\ " by < PROPMALE > Pullman for my birthday . I just finished reading the 2nd book in his trilogy and it leaves you HANGING ! I need to know what happens next ... " 
i'm making simple decorations for my super hero party . they look SO GOOD . 
i'm soooooooooooooooooooooo sleepy ... 
for my birthday , i think i will take a nap . 
how do you change your desktop background on windows 7 ?? 
I just watched a YouTube video !! OMG . Love my new computer . <3 
my throat feels sick :( i blame < PROPFIRST > Mann , touching kids ' pencils , getting all infected , and then getting me sick ! haha 
my throat hurts :( 
i wanted to try wearing my glasses with my newly short hair , so i did . leeza says i look really smart , like a psychologist . lol 
by the end of my shower , i'm standing in 2-3 inches of water . ummmm .... maintenance ? 
\She just threw a fireball at her ? \ " \ 
I just got my hair cut again . Now it looks how I originally wanted it to look . And no duck tail ! 
i can't breathe !!! 
roommate is quiet after i wake up ... well that doesn't work . 
my abs , knees , and feet HURT . 
i'm at my parents ' house . birthday dinner tonight ! 
plans for tomorrow : breakfast with Leeza Williford , < PROPFIRST > Mann , and Manny E . Santizo , then staying in bed the rest of the day , sleeping and reading . hopefully then i'll no longer be sick . 
so i just got home and my roommate's door is closed but the light is on , and the apartment is completely silent . i text her and asked what she is doing , but no response . so either she fell asleep with the light on .... or she got kidnapped by someone who is very good at tricking me .... 
bed day . 
leeza's life and my life are way too connected for this to be normal 
are my legs done hurting yet ? 
my hair ..... is so gross right now .... 
i'm officially a 3 year old 
i'm cold and sick and i don't want to go to campus ! :/ 
My jazz music teacher said i asked a good question in class today ! :D :D :D * dance * 
celebrating my birthday ( AGAIN ) tonight ! :) 
want . sleep . more . 
my roommate is missing ... 
i keep making my sick prolong ............ ugh . need to get better . 
cooking black beans and they turned my wooden spoon BLUE ! how that happen ! 
i love old disney cartoons 
I just discovered that you can't listen to any Beatles songs on GrooveShark ... :/ 
my mouth is on fire ! 
stupid . 
i just might stop by IHOP after work to get some free pancakes . 
i feel ... dead . maybe a banana will help . 
I won a free party at Howl at the < PROPFEMALE > . I'm beginning to think everybody wins . 
Oh and the whole \time heals all wounds\ " thing feels like utter nonsense . " 
i <3 bedtime . 
cars are stupid 
Go to your profile . The first 5 friends in the sidebar are your team for the Zombie Apocalypse . How screwed are you ? Billimarie Robinson , < PROPFEMALE > Zeller , Dawson O'Keefe , < PROPFIRST > Cortes , < PROPFEMALE > Gross . Ummmm ... Not sure how good our team would be . Lord knows I'd probably be the first to die . 
I suddenly want some frozen yogurt ( not of the pinkberry variety , bleh ) . 
deaf preschoolers are the cutest thing ever . awwwwwwwwww little signing hands . <3 
I just got back from seeing Avenue Q , and it was really good ! 
25 songs , 25 days\ 
One song per day with an explanation of why you picked it . \ 
\ 
Day 1 - A song from your childhood\ 
\Hard to Handle\ " - The Black Crowes\ 
ughhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh 
scat makes me happy 
Day 2 - A song that reminds you of your most recent ex-girlfriend/boyfriend\ 
\These Foolish Things\ " - < PROPFIRST > Holiday\ 
........... what should i do right now ? 
I was not sick last weekend , and now I have a sore throat AGAIN . ugh . 
it doesn't make sense , it doesn't make sense , it doesn't make sense ..... and down the rabbit hole I go . 
Day 3 - A song that reminds you of one/both of your parents\ 
\Pour Some Sugar On Me\ " - Def Leppard\ 
How does Facebook determine which friends are on the side of my profile ? Some make sense , and some don't . 
Day 4 - A song that calms you\ 
\Moving\ " - < PROPFEMALE > Davey\ 
today , i was told that i am a \hottie . \ " haha " 
there's a cheshire cat in the sky 
This morning , I woke up and was fiddling around for 20 minutes before I decided to get dressed . I opened my closet and suddenly remember that I had had a dream that I was wearing green . Lots and lots of green . And no , it was not St. Paddy's Day in my dream . So I looked it up in my dream dictionary : \Good fortune in love affairs . \ " Pffffffttt ..... " 
i am officially a .... FLAMINGO ! omg i love this feather thing on my head so much ! * bobbles head around * 
stupid hour cuts .... this week i work friday . next week i work saturday . and the following week i work saturday as well . that's it ! :( 
I don't want ANY guy right now . please LEAVE ME ALONE . 
ughhhhhhhhh my throaaaaaaat .... 
I'm 2 days behind on this ... oops\ 
Day 5 - A song that is often stuck in your head\ 
lately it's been \No Heart Today\ " - < PROPFEMALE > Davey\ 
it feels so much later than it actually is 
why is seaweed SO delicious ?? 
i'm craving a giant chocolate chip cookie 
i made egg drop soup for dinner and ate ALL OF IT ! mmmmmm .... now i have 50 minutes to kill . 
< PROPFEMALE > smith is adorable 
man ... i'm beat ... 
okay , i'm done doing leeza's homework . now what ? haha 
raucous . 
jazz midterm tonight ! 
1st one done with my jazz midterm ! i am so good at taking tests -- a skill only beneficial so long as i'm in school . 
pizza for st. < PROPFIRST>'s day . mmmmmm .... 
TOMORROW IS FRIDAY ! thank goodness . 
this rice-a-roni i'm eating right now is very obviously HEALTHY rice-a-roni 
i don't understand . 
Advice : if you're going to break up with a girl , please don't give her false hopes for the future or false hopes about your feelings . it's the worst thing ever . 
making cookies 
it's so easy to forget like 10 times in a row that the water for your apartment has been shut off ... 
I'm going to put something in your mouth ! 
how do you heal a damaged musical soul ? 
neeeeeeeed haircut 
I just made vegetarian sloppy < PROPFIRST > s . i haven't had a sloppy < PROPFIRST > since sometime before 9th grade . they taste nothing like how i imagined , but they are SOOOO delicious ! 
i am bored 
I love and am grateful for my new computer , but I'm completely jealous that my roommate ( who previously claimed to not like Macs ) just got a MacBook Pro . 
Good thing about frozen microwavable steam-in-pouch vegetables : i eat more vegetables . bad thing : i eat more vegetables because i eat the entire bag of 3.5 servings . haha 
the next time someone tells me they want to marry me , i don't think i'll believe them till there's a ring on my finger , and even then i'm not sure i'll fully believe them . 
jazz all day 
why aren't i in bed ??? :/ 
i am weaving a pouch ! 
i hate math lab . 
Most flattering thing anyone has ever said to me : \I wish you were a boy . \"" 
i want to paly baseball at the park by my house . i don't know if i can hit a ball that's thrown to me though .... i might need to play t-ball . 
my jazz professor said that i'm his friend . :) haha 
Howl at the < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow ! if you deleted my event from your events list .... you're dumb . 
need .... popsicle .... 
calling all deaf studies majors and deaf people whom i am friends with : somebody needs to come sign with me ASAP . please and thank you . my signing skills are disintegrating . 
i wanted to sleep in later than this ... 
I want to live in a cottage full of lilacs and laughter . 
Luckily I have work tomorrow , because my roommate is abandoning me . but i only work till 1 !! :/ then what ? 
home from work and i've decided what i'm going to do ..... nap . 
i'm pretty sure this is the 20th time the alarm in my apartment complex has gone off in the past hour . whoever is setting it off , please stop ! 
need some attention ..... 
I never knew until now what sound a fox makes . Scared the bejesus out of Babbit . 
Going to get my grub on at the food truck fest down the street ! 
I came home with intentions of turning on music and cleaning ...... well ..... music is on . 
today is good . 
i had a horrible time falling asleep last night . :/ 
