I'm home ... but I've yet to sleep ... apparently my REM cycle is broken ... do I call a plumber or an electrician for that ? 

Time and the nature of its movement . 
Teleportation ... when oh when will we conquer time and space ? Seriously ? 
moving , and how to fit that many boxes of books in a single vehcile . 
Sleep ... and dreams ... hopefully ones that don't involve chickens or ducks . 
is excited about planning rendevous and trips and other entertaining exploits . 
This morning my mother < PROPFEMALE > Suggs passed away . I know I'm friends with some people who also knew her , I thought you might like to know . 
[ this is a friend , posting on < PROPFEMALE>'s behalf ] ... Thank you , so very much , for your thoughts and kind words . The memorial service will be held on Saturday , August 29th , at 10 A.M. at the Milam Funeral Home in Newberry , FL ( address : 22405 W . Newberry Road ) . A repast will be held at their grandparents ' home following the service . ( If you care to donate flowers , please have them delivered to the funeral home . ) 
I know its a long time coming , but thanks to everyone who sent their condolences . I really apperciate it . 
where are you staying in Miami at new year ? 
Watching Criminal Minds ... I'm trying to see if they show mine . 
Thanks to everyone who wished me a happy birthday , I hope you all had a wonderful day as well . 
Is this interesting enough for you ? 
There is no color 
was involved in a car accident while at home watching Criminal Minds . Who knew ?! 
So apparently Aluminum Foil tastes like metal ... who knew . 
And then 
I will never be accused of manslaughter . 
enjoying the mobility of her new Asus laptop 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status , and put the first entry for your name under comments . 
sucks at writing clever status messages . 
is enjoying the warmy < PROPFEMALE > weather in Australia , and the company the be found here . 
Gato ... el Gato diablo is on my mind . I miss him terribly ... his whinney demands I watch him eat , and his random attacks when I walk down the hallway , and holding him in my arms against his will . Oh how I miss torturing my < PROPFEMALE > . 
misses her demonic < PROPFEMALE > with all her heart , the way he whines for her to watch him eat , the way he randomly streaks down the hallway at four in the morning , the way he glares in that superior manner when she holds him against his will . 
Pretty women wonder where my secret lies . I'm not cute or built to suit a fashion model's size But when I start to tell them , They think I'm telling lies . I say , It's in the reach of my arms The span of my hips , The stride of my step , The curl of my lips . I'm a woman Phenomenally . Phenomenal woman , That's me . - < PROPFEMALE > Angelou 
is back in the country ... and wishing you could stow people in your < PROPFEMALE > on . 
My mind is a dark place right now ... but I think that's cause I ran out of batteries for my flash-light , if I keep tripping over stray thoughts though I may just sit and cry til the power comes back on . 
God I wish I had interesting things to write about ... but I don't garden , and I'm not doing a 5K marathon ... I'm just looking for work in all the wrong places and waiting for the government to tell me my fiancée is allowed in the country . Waiting sucks . 
god I love perogies 
Oh my god I just had a book-gasm . There's a new < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > book out that's a sequel to the Deed of Paksenarrion . Yay me !!!!!! 
is disturbed by the number of legal cases there are against drugs . Just saw one for Yas , and Nuva ring ... so nice to know that birth control is safe . 
wonders who all thoese poll takers are . 
you know that song , I'm only happy when it rains ... somedays I think that's really true ... I love when it rains , oh so very very much , makes me wanna go outside and splash about in puddles and get soaked to the bone . 
Isn't math wonderful ? 
cool ... ohhh so much cooler . 
Going postal ... but then pratchett is almost always on my mind . 
Watching Will flirt with Sue ... I felt something inside me die . 
It's like science for hungry people !!!! 
wondering where all the hope has gone . 
I am < PROPFEMALE > tired 
This is too fun ! It actually works ! Go to Newsweek.com and hit : up , up , down , down , left , right , left , right , b , a , Enter 
is worried about the deteriorating level of intelligence among the youth in this country . 
is tired and grouchy and wants a piece of < PROPFEMALE>'s Strawberry Grand Mariner Cake . 
longs for cotton < PROPFEMALE > ... preferably blue cotton < PROPFEMALE > ... or at the very least Jones Cream Soda which tastes just like cotton < PROPFEMALE > . 
I feel as though I never post anything relevant or interesting on my facebook .... I suppose that should make me sad . 
According to the philosopher , Ly Tin Wheedle , chaos is found in greatest abundance wherever order is being sought . It always defeats order , because it is better organised . 
Books are opium . —Aldous Huxley , 
I find the state of the world horribly depressing right now . 
\Take no heed of her .... She reads a lot of books . \ " — < PROPMALE > Fforde ( The Eyre Affair ) " 
While I had often said that I wanted to die in bed , what I really meant was that in my old age I wanted to be stepped on by an elephant while making love . -- \ 
< PROPMALE > Zelazny 
Thoughts on < PROPFIRST > Jones : I think someone should beat some sense into him with a copy of Fahrenheit 451 
“But even ordinary books are dangerous . A man sits in some museum and writes a harmless book about political economy and suddenly thousands of people who haven’t even read it are dying because the ones who did haven’t got the joke . Knowledge is dangerous , which is why governments often clamp down on people who can think thoughts above a certain caliber . ” ~ Terry Pratchett , The Last Continent 
I'm getting married tomorrow ... how weird is that ? 
And now I'm a married lady ... well ... married anyways . 
Patience ... so not a virtue I possess . 
So for anyone who doesn't know I gave birth ... or rather had life ripped from my womb at 4:14 AM on November 10 . < PROPFIRST > and I are now the lucky parents of a rather cute little girl named < PROPFEMALE > Esme Chambers According to the doctors , she was smiling and trying to grab their stethoscopes . Of course my child would begin a life of crime early . I blame < PROPMALE > . 
How does one encourage their offspring to become astrophysists ? 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes ! 
So either < PROPFEMALE > has learned how to hug ... very tightly or she's practicing her choking skills . 
