watching Tru Blood Season 1 all night long :) 

it was a dreary first day of the year ... great reason to stay home and cuddle :) 
It's too dang cold for a walk . Brrrr ! 
Without consequences there would be no order . 
Had so much fun at her flower girl's birthday party ! 
starts work tomorrow ! 
is updating her wedding registries ... not that most people would use them ... but just in case . 
is not liking all the pollen bothering her sinuses ! 
had a great bridal shower ! Thanks to everyone who could come . 
wants to watch Tru Blood Season 2 ! 
Can't wait to go to her friends baby shower this weekend ! 
Had a great time at the baby shower ! Tomorrow to the movies for Halloween II ... can't wait ! 
Is officially on her 3 day weekend ! 
just got her wedding dress back and she love's it !!! 
loves seeing all the Halloween stuff coming out in stores ! 
Had a long day at work and is ready to veg out and watch some Law and Order . 
better not be getting sick !!! 
1 MONTH AND 5 DAYS TILL THE WEDDING !!! 
It's Mrs. Holmes to you ;) 
can't wait to sleep in on the weekend ! 
Breath is just a clock ticking ... 
HAPPY THANKSGIVING !!! 
just enjoyed a cup of hot chocolate ;) 
baking cookies and watching Crimminal Minds . 
Is not ready to go back to work already . Where did the weekend go ? 
The world is full of Takers and they call themselves your friend . 
Is about to take some Nyquil so she can actually sleep ! 
Well , I'm starting to feel better , but now < PROPMALE > is sick . Just can't win . LOL . 
Is taking a short break from writing Christmas cards . 
Worked all day then went Christmas shopping and is now exhausted ! LOL . 
So had intentions of going to the work Christmas party until she took a shower . 
Is watching < PROPMALE > Season 4 all day with her husband :) 
Is making Gingerbread cookies . Yummy ! 
By the lakes that thus outspread Their lone waters , lone and dead , -- Their sad waters , sad and chilly With the snows of the lolling < PROPFEMALE > , -- --- < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Poe 
hopes everyone has a good and safe holiday ! 
I'll always be a work in process . 
Didn't go to the zoo today because she's miserable ! So going back to sleep now :( 
The days pass by like the wind . 
I think I'm allergic to holidays cause everytime we have one I end up getting sick . Seriously , I hope to make it through Monday . 
Today I was referred to as \a bolt of sunshine . \"" 
A restless heart with no where to roam . 
I love coming home to a grilled cheese sandwhich . 
Is feeling very loved . Thank you HARC family for the cake and breakfast ! Its never goodbye ... just see ya later <3 
Que Sera , Sera , Whatever will be , will be The future's not ours , to see Que Sera , Sera What will be , will be . 
We are no different than animals . We act on our instincts ... to seek pleasure and avoid pain . 
Sometimes I like to just fade into the shadows and watch the show . 
For some reason , I don't enjoy the rain as much when I'm out in it . LOL 
When life get's to be too much ... Simplify . 
Sorting through stuff to give away and listening to Type O Negatives ' cover of The Stones ' Paint It Black . ' 
Just brought a big load of stuff to Goodwill and feel great ! 
Not getting as much done today . But at least I ordered pizza . LOL . 
Finally , I got more packing done after some pizza . Time to get off the computer again and keep going . LOL . 
Spent a little under twelve hours painting yesterday . 
Life is seeping into my veins again . 
The time of change is coming ... this Monday !!! 
Really enjoyed watching Howl's Moving Castle . 
can't sleep ... 
Goodbye Tampa ! 
Can't sleep so I'm watching Transporter 3 . 
Moving at snail-speed today . 
Going to see a friend for lunch . 
Bought four deep red < PROPFEMALE>'s today and I can't wait to plant them . 
I watched Quarantine last night . It was really scary ! Glad I didn't seen in theaters cause I screamed a few times . LOL . 
Found my paint and brushes now I'm looking for my ideas . Sigh . 
Got a much needed haircut today . Maybe tomorrow I'll dye it as well . 
Might go to the zoo on Monday if it doesn't rain ! 
Is experiencing quite a gloomy Sunday . 
Is becoming quite the Night Owl . 
Had a very productive day ! 
Spent a lovely day at the dog park :) 
Is about to watch \Castle in the Sky . \"" 
Today came and went and I was none the wiser . 
Listening to Cardinals chirpping , bugs screeching , and the hum of the ceiling fan as I read Wicked on the couch . 
Dying is easy , Living is the hard part . 
Had a fun night with her brother :) 
1 . Social work ( starting annual salary : $ 33,400 ; mid-career annual salary : $ 41,600 )\ 
\ 
They say that crime doesn't pay . As this list seems to point out , neither does helping people . So it's a good thing that many college students seem to believe that helping others is its own reward . Because they sure as hell don't pay well . 
I don't consider myself very materialistic , but the average pay for social workers is just depressing ! Theology majors get paid more than us on average . 
Nothing says DINNER like a crock-pot stew made by mom :) 
Going round and round on the hampster wheel ... 
Despises living in an appartment . Damn neighbors always waking me up ! 
\Days like this I don't know what to do with myself all day -- and all night\ " < PROPFEMALE > Apple " 
And if you wanna make sense , Watcha looking at me for , I'm no good at math-A Mistake , < PROPFEMALE > Apple 
Had a great time playing trivia at Liam Fitzpatricks with < PROPFEMALE > Tatum-Welker ! 
Every day we're getting closer\ 
The sun is getting dim\ 
Will we pay for who we've been\ 
- < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > 
I only want what I can't have . 
There are times you have to go down before you can go up . Then there are times when you have to go everywhere , but where you want to go . 
Is not feeling so hot today :( Hope whatever it is doesn't last long . 
Is getting over whatever she had yesterday . 
Forever looking for a job :( 
I feel my degree in social work is useless ... at least in this state . 
Ok , so I thought it's just been my allergies bothering me for the past week and a half , but it turns out I have an upper respritory infection . YAY :/ 
Finally over the upper respiratory infection ! 
Dealing with a water leak in the laundry room . Always something . 
Just added another notch to my FAILURE belt ... 
Got to see Dispicable Me finally . It was worth the wait . I really do enjoy those little green minions :) 
I haven't had my hair this short since 4th grade ! 
Happy Friday the 13th ! 
Going to the Brevard Zoo tomorrow . YAY ! 
I really think I was a cat in a previous life . 
Going to miss not going to Dragon Con ... again :( 
My brother is a programming genious for fixing my computer game in less than 10 minutes !!! Thanks < PROPFIRST > <3 
Its tragic that I couldn't live when I was younger , but now that I can , sometimes I'm afraid to . 
looks forward to a change in temperature . 
Listening to Depeche Mode and the rain outside . 
My weekend is going to be awesome in St. < PROPFIRST > ! 
Going on a ghost tour pub crawl tonight . Weeeeeeeeeee ! 
Found a place that makes really good Sangria . 
After about 12 years a huge weight has been lifted off my shoulders . I can't help but feel my Carholic upbringing didn't help . They love to make people feel guilty . 
I'm pleased to say it did not rain all weekend . Though sometimes as we walked under the hot sun I wished it did . hehe . 
I could not sleep to save my life last night . Finally got three hours in before I had to wake up . Now its time for a nap . 
Its so silly to me . Animal Planet Channel has a show called Animal's Behaving Badly , but are they really animals behaving like animals ? 
Four hours from now I'll be in South < PROPFEMALE > . woo-hoo !!! 
Charleston doesn't look like what I expected , but there is plenty to do ! 
Went to Middleton Place , a plantation 30 minutes from Charleston . Beautiful ! Spent half the day there . Tomorrow is shopping in the Historic district . woo-hoo ! 
Time is going by too fast . I'll be heading to < PROPFEMALE > soon enough ! 
I forgot how cool < PROPFEMALE > is . 
ghost tour+pub crawl = you can't loose 
I can see myself getting into lot's of trouble if I lived in < PROPFEMALE > ;) 
Is ready to go on another vacation already . LOL 
Ready to move to < PROPFEMALE > . 
I took at least 200 pictures while on vacation . That's way too many to edit in one sitting ! 
Going to spend time with my younger brother this weekend . woo-hoo ! 
Spooky Empire is 6 days away ! Who's going ? 
Tomorrow will be a better day ... 
Buy me a drink , Sing me a song\ 
Take me as I come cause I can't stay long 
There are too many fun things to do at this time of year ! We need to spread it out a little more . 
I'm awakw against my will . 
Is in so much discomfort she cannot sleep . Hope I'm not coming down with something :( 
While petting my cat , I really wish she would remember to swallow . I don't care to suddenly feel saliva oozing down my hand or arm . Thanks kitteh ! 
Going to a bridal shower ... free cake ! woo-hoo !!! 
Edited some photos ... ate some crackers ... over all a good day . 
Needs help finding two cat's a good home each in < PROPMALE > area . If you know an organization that can help or someone interested in having a cat please contact me . Please do not even mention the Humane Society or ASPCA because I refuse to bring them there . 
is annoyed when she feels tired , but her mind refuses to go into sleep mode . 
About to give Murphy an oatmeal bath ! 
now that I cleaned up the place some , its time for a shower then off to bed ! Hope I can actually sleep this time . 
Did I mention , I finally got a job . I start Monday . I'll miss all my free time , but look forward to working again . 
Sweated my ass off today looking around at the Mt . < PROPFEMALE > Craft Festival , but it was worth it . 
I am soooo tired after my first day . As soon as I got home I took a face-plant into the bed . Still have a lot to do before tomorrow . 
When overwhelmed ... eat chocolate for dinner . LOL 
Almost done with online training from work . I realize with this job I'm going to have a crazy schedule ... should be intersting ... and just when I started being more social again . 
Having a wonderful day with my husband on our anniversary . Hope everyone else is having a good time :) HAPPY HALLOWEEN ! 
Don't expect to be on here much now that I'm working . If you need me , text me . 
Needs to move out of these over-priced apartments ! You know of any house/townhome/apartment for rent that's West of Sanfor , EMAIL ME ! 
Seriously , if anyone knows of a place to rent , I wanna know ! 
Making < PROPMALE > some birthday brownies ! 
Looking forward to coming into work later tomorrow :) 
HAPPY THANKSGIVING EVERYONE ! 
Thank you so much everyone for the birthday wishes ... I feel loved . Hope everyone has a great day ! 
Can't wait to have two weeks being off-call ... whenever that is . 
is in the mood to bake something ! 
Fuck Tron ... tired of hearing about it . And Happy Holidays :) 
I hope everyone had a great Christmas/Kwanza/Celebrations/Whatever . And by the way , Fuck New Year's < PROPFEMALE > . 
wants to go back to school to get her Master's . 
Define : \helping\ " people as it relates to Social Work . " 
Mentally exhausted and missing my friends . 
good news is I have lot's more time on my hands , bad news is I need to find a new job . 
Keeping my < PROPFEMALE > up and staying busy . 
If you can talk , you can SING . 
I want to be any where but here ... yet there's no place I'd rather be . 
Guitar Hero-Smash Hits+singing husband+me on bass = really good times ! 
I need to have some fun . I wanna have picture taking time . Any body up for doing that in the next week or so ? 
Got my hair did today and I feel sexy ... thanks to my stylist < PROPFEMALE > Ruiz ! <3 
