im missing the heck out of someone right now . i hope they call . 

sleep Zzz ... Zzz ... Zzz ... 
watching true blood season 2 . SEASON 3 PREMIRES TOMORROW SO TUNE IN AND WATCH WITH ME !!! 
TRUE BLOOD SEASON THREE PREMIRE TONITE SO IF YOU DONT HAVE HBO GO TO NINJAVIDEO . COM AND YOU SHOULD BE ABLE TO WATCH IT ON THERE AN HOUR OR SO AFTER THE PREMIRE !!!! 
ahhh relaxing and planting things on my island ... hoping someone will give me a monkey ! I REALLY WANT A MONKEY ON MY ISLAND !!! >.< 
SOMEONE PLEASE SEND ME A MONKEY IF YOU PLAY TIKI FARM ! I WANT A MONKEY !!!!! 
im at home relaxing i have an early day tomorrow ... but life is good cause THE LAKERS BENT THE CELTICS OVER AND MAKE THEM TAKE IT !!!! lol :) 
saddness .. i need a gallon of icecream and my love ... s.m.w. 
I FINALLY GOT MY MONKEY FOR TIKI FARM !!!! THANK YOU DOE !!!!! 
ASK ME ONE QUESTION ( in my INBOX ONLY ) . And , no\ 
matter how crazy , I'll tell the truth . I DARE YOU to put this on your \ 
status and see what questions you get .. 
at the hospital waiting to see my grandmother . shes going to make it through shes a gonzales . 
thank you everyone for your support . my grandmother is strong and like my tis told me yesterday when my eyes swelled up with tears ... \she has all her family coming to see her she has too much love coming to her to not give her strength shes getting better already . we wil just keep her in our prayers \"...." 
it hurts to know shes in a dark place but i plan on being that light to guide her to where god wants me to guide her ... i just hope hes not ready to call her home . 
I LOVE YOU GRANDMA !!!!! aka BESTFRIEND !!!!! 
dyed my hair black photos are up 
http://stagevu.com/video/oaqqwusmohzd\ 
\ 
IF ANYONE HAS EVER BEEN IN LOVE , IS IN LOVE OR LOOKING FOR LOVE OE LOOKING TO MOVE ON FROM LOVE WATCH THIS STAND UP I SWEAR ITS FUNNY BUT TRUE . 
doing up hair , listening to Ludacris , and eating mangos yea ! 
omg that sentence thing was so stupid so i had to post it to get the sentence and its retarded really . it was easy . smh someone find a real mind teaser and hit me up . 
. *- < PROPFIRST > J . Blige - Rainy Dayz-* . 
< PROPFEMALE > \ 
Rule - Always On Time ft . Ashant ...... \ 
just thinking of that special someone .... \ 
* sigh*\ 
look to the sky ... 
hooping ... waiting for a call that may never come ... * sigh * ... welcome to my life ... 
maybe months will go by before i realize , maybe this isnt for me ... at least i have love & i only can dream of how far that will take me ... but either way im still waiting for a call ... 
life is full of disappointments ... sometimes you dont get what you want but as long as you gave it your all , always walk away with a smile . Even when all you want to do is cry .. Just remember no matter what you go through you can make it because your alive ... 
To be hurt\ 
To feel lost , \ 
To be left out in the dark . \ 
To be kicked when your down , \ 
To feel like you've been pushed around . \ 
To be on the edge of breaking down and no ones there to save you . \ 
NO YOU DONT KNOW WHATS ITS LIKE ! \ 
WELCOME TO MY LIFE ... 
i feel like dancing ! 
i want to lay on my back in the grass , and as he sun sets and the horizon lingers in limbo between night and day ... i want to sing to the sky <3 
Just made myself a virgin < PROPFEMALE > and its so bomb cause its so hot and its lime !!!! >.< 
ICEES ARE AWSOME ! i met < PROPMALE > swardsneeger today ( or however you spell his name ) he came to come watch the weightlifters of sac high . it was cool but what made it great was < PROPFIRST > Kono if you dont know who he is google it and be amazed ! 
im writing my weekly report or whatever for my AP Gov class and its cracking me up how those who fought for Prop 8 to be approved actually gave 23 reasons for why gay couples being allowed to marry would actually harm society !!!!..... wow it amazes me how many retards we have within our government . 
OMG im actually doing it FB ! im trying to get into < PROPMALE > ! i dont mean to be so upfront but i have all i need ! i have family and support and the one whos always in my prayers and dreams . 8 months SMW <3 
just got done wor < PROPMALE > out @ the gym ! now i have dun worked myself up an appitite so i < PROPFEMALE > go eat ! shout out to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > ! kuz shes the best < PROPFEMALE > ! 
going to the movies with my stepmom and my friend jenn . going to see ' Inception ' hopefully its good . 
really bummed out :( 
waiting for a phone call ... * taps foot * ... im not impatient just anxious 
emotion : ......... i have nothing ..................... just a fire burning ............ at this rate either i contain the flame or let it burn me alive . 
ON CLOUD NINE AND NOTHING WILL TEAR ME DOWN ! THIS FEELING INSIDE ME IS THE FIRE I HAVE BEEN FEELING ! I WANT TO FEEL THIS FOREVER ! S4S ! IM HER < PROPFEMALE > AND SHES MY YIN . 
headed to lake tahoe for a cross country meet 
SMW 
still SMW even if im not on her mind n e more ... 
i have my race today couple more hours and ill be running my heart out . God always told me to forgive . But my heart hurts now i never thought pain from emotions would hurt me so bad . I guess ill just run threw tahoes forests and hopefully God will give me a sign . 
No i take that back cause rite after i posted that i felt that this is on me now God is telling me its my decision . So ima go where my heart leads me hopefully its where i want it to be but somethings are more complicated than others . 
song of the day : How it feels to fly- < PROPFEMALE > Keys .... i tell u what < PROPFEMALE > Keys album The Element of Freedom definitely frees me when im down . if u havent heard this song or the album u need 2 listen now . 
alot on my mind . but heres the song of the day : Angels Cry < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > ft . Ne-yo . this song is definitely expressing my feelings now . 
The Safest Place-Sade . i was introduced to this artist and her music is so beautiful . but heres my new song of the day . 
meditating ... this really does relax me ... sending out my good vibes ... hopefully this test god has given me will be over soon cause i < PROPMALE > ima pass it but it gets so hard sometimes . 
man i am feeling great today ! i had my eyes opened and now im on a mission for SMW 
watching these fight videos that people are posting and they are ridiculous . smh . what is our world coming to ? 
BASICALLY PEOPLE ARE FAKE ! If your my true friend ima keep it real and protect you til the end ! 
< PROPMALE > Dangerous is in the building making things happen today ! oh yes so stand out of the way if you are going to be lazy and not get things done . and if your with me let me hear u say \Imma get things done TODAY ! \"" 
headed to LA 
akcent-king of disco . i love this song ! 
the video i just posted is not for the faint of heart . its part of a real documentry and is for those who accure knowledge . Be advised this is not fake . 
Morning bird-Sade\ 
man I have really made progress with my mother . Better tomorrow is what I feel . I hope and pray every night for the greatest gift my mother can bestow upon me . 
songs of the night : only you-cherish & breakeven-the script 
new fun fact ... people die from broken hearts ... i learned that today ... idk where i stand but i hope i know soon because this is making me go crazy . 
song of the night : unthinkable(im ready)-Alicia Keys ... the unthinkable made me go crazy ... 
* sigh * at least out loud i wont say im in LLLOOOVVVEEE !..... sha la la la ahhhhhh !..... lol i was watching Hercules earlier .... shoutout S4S ! 
New day I have to attack today . its time to handle business say ohla to < PROPMALE > ! 
homecoming is done . im the dorkiest dancer but heysometimes u have to dance like no one is watching ! 
omg had the scariest dream about spiders for the 3rd time this week ... what does that mean ??? 
smh . 
Sometimes the burdon to restrict yourself from being who you are and free , can be worse than the risk you actually take to spread your wings and fly .... 
its goin down tonight ! everyone be safe today and tomorrow ! HAPPY HALLOWEEN ! 
party this weekend was smackn ! fam & friends & troublemakers bt every1 is safe & all is well .... on another note 35 days until my birthday ! >.< sooo stoked ! 
You know if u sit a caged bird by the window it sings ?... most believe that it sings because it thinks it is free ... but i < PROPMALE > tht bird isnt singing its crying because what it wants so much is to spread its wings and fly ... to those of u who have cages open the door and no longer cry , FLY ! 
< PROPFEMALE > nap .... Zzzzzz 
i love my Snugglebear 
at home ... tired ... smh ... SAT 2 math tomorrow ... 
Home alone watching queer as folk , eating lamb , and waiting for my Snugglebear ... smh i really miss my Snugglebear ... :'( 
song of the morning : firework-katy perry ... i love my Snuggle SHES A FIREWORK ! :) ... about to take my SAT2 math wish me luck ! 
have you ever missed someone so much u started to mourn ?... have u ever loved someone so much u knew for them u were born ?... have u ever gone the distance for ur love ? gone so crazy over ur lover u feel like a maniac being restrained by medicated gloves ?... if u havent told tht special someone u love them today give a hug a kiss or a quick text n let then < PROPMALE > \hey u < PROPMALE > i love u n ull always be my babe \"...." 
at the cousins house laughing it up watching movies ... im feeling more relaxed definitly but i already know who is missing :'( ... S4S ... 
winding dwn to bed . im at home but i really wnt my snugglebear ... i really wnt tht gudnite call ... * sigh * but i guess ill have to wait ... jus really nt feeln the same without it :( 
just got out of church . its cloudy and rainy & i love it its good cuddle weather ... 
watching Mythbusters and man oh man i know whats myths ill be trying at home ! 
Avatar new extended version w/ the bonus features & alternate opening comes out Nov 16th ! OMG I AM SOOOO EXCITED !!!! 
Happy 
FML i tried supergluing my little trophy i got for ' Best Costume ' and the thing got cracked somehow and by the time i realized what was goin on i was superglued to it along with some of my fingers stuck together !!! 
FML i tried supergluing my little trophy i got for ' Best Costume ' and the thing got cracked somehow and by the time i realized what was goin on i was superglued to it along with some of my fingers stuck together ! 
ok so in the bests room and saw the goldfish or wat i thot was gold fish and said \ohh goldfish ! \ " and she was like \ " no those r gold whales ! \ " LMFAO ! im weak ! " 
SNUGGLEBEAR ! where are you ? i miss you ! 
Mentally unfit for the public today so watch out ! 
Im different from everyone ... guess thats why im constantly misunderstood ... my skin is brite so no one thinks i know about the hood ... jus bkuz im assumed 2 always be good . im human bt not from this world ... so dnt blink too fast bkuz u may miss my wonders unfurl . 
change-the act in altering something already exsisting ; to make progress into making what already exsists even better ; to accept that this alteration is for the better .... I plan on creating this change . 
Ive made the changes & I couldnt be happier . Im a little on the green side today but I got what I needed & I am HAPPY :D ... <3 S4S 
Its raining so i should be feeling great cause i love the rain but im at the last place i want to be right now . ugh i just cant wait to get home . 
Do me a favor haters save all your ugly hate in your hands & throw it on your face like cold water to wake you up , because in reality your hate is being wasted on me because I've turned in my application for life and hands down it is accepting ME !!! 
LOL currently locked out the gate with my teammates cause our coach is LATE ! lol but im laughing cause my teammate Fantasia has her big < PROPMALE > bear named Smokey seatbelted with her in the car . lol good start to the day ima finish it with a smile :) 
To say that I am blessed is an understatement . there are a countless number of things I am thankful for an a certain few that make this life worth smiling all the way threw until the end and beyond . To all my friends and family be safe and remember to smile because we never know what moment will be our last . 
Ahhh getting ready for some Itailan food for a belated thanksgiving w/ my dad . Im going to get chocolate and turkey wasted ! >.< 
I am soooo stuffed ... now its time for the chocolate . lord forgive me for the way i am about to violate this chocolate . 
Ok i tried violating this chocolate but it won ... smh i feel like im ready to explode ... 
Nice rainy weather we are ' aving today governa ! 
watching Spice World ! oh yeah ! 
SPICE GIRLS IS AWSOME ! what spice girl are you ? I am Scary spice !!!! 
Listening to the radio & they r talking about 3-sums while you r with your significant other UGH ! dont ppl have morals anymore ? listen and listen close everyone THERE IS NO SUCH THING AS A PERFECT RELATIONSHIP . you can still have a heathly & prospering relationship though . 
But besides that I am starting my day off as good as I can . B-day is in 4 days so I'm just going to get through the bad & get on the great . I have the best feeling about my B-day . yay ! <3 S4S 
Im hungry and I am counting down the days until my b-day . Its going to be a B-day i never forget . <3 S4S 
Giving in is what kills people ... When you refuse to give up with all your heart only then do transend your humanity ... Even in the face of lifes greatest feat . \ 
- < PROPFEMALE > Gunderson 
THANK YOU ! everyone ! 
Everyone who gave me a happy birthday thank you so much i got all your messages and all your love ! my birthday was great the best yet ! thank you all ! 
Just got done taking an ice-bath for these sore muscles ... Been doing alot of thinking lately & i decided i am very happy ! And im going to continue on being as happy and as positive as i can . Cause things can always be better but its my job to make it better . 
< PROPFEMALE > naps , food , avatar , S4S all weekend . Ahhhhh now its back to my nightmare ... Soon though i will be able to stay in my reality and wake up from this nightmare . 
feel like im in my house all alone its kind of relaxing ... guess i am feline like cause i love my solitude . 
I just sneezed so hard it felt like I got punched in the face . FML i think its almost time to put this shopping to an end and get some other work done . But im shopping for love so alas i must be the greatest mrs. claus ever ! 
OK EVERYONE ! I need your help if you could describe my personality in 5 words what would they be ? this is for my < PROPMALE > suppliment so keep it professional please . 
My someone special is in for a world vivacious things because im not stopping where I am ima keep going until the wheels fall off and even then ima get out and start walking . I am strong and ill be stronger everyday thats layed before me until god calls me home . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas and happy holidays to everyone . I know some of you out there are feeling down or cant get the holiday spirit but heres your < PROPMALE > . Donate a gift , call and old friend , tell those that you love them and appreciate them no matter what you have been through . Its hard to smile when you feel unwanted or unloved . But spread the love and it will come back to you tenfold . 
Watching < PROPFEMALE > the Vampire Slayer hoping she can help me take down < PROPFIRST > !!!!!!!!!! LOL JK calm down Team < PROPFIRST > just making a joke dont send death threats to my inbox ..... 
Always checking my phone like a < PROPFEMALE > waiting for its owner to come back home . Guess that is whats expected when you cant stand to be away from someone . S4S <3 
reading The Christmas Throwaway & its really good . * sigh * SMW <3 
So I'm officially and royally upset . Just to let anyone know out there you receive certain things and you don't get certain things ( like messages ) for a reason . Ugh I wanted to have a good day & I will I just don't appreciate being treated like a piece of meat . NO COMMENTS JUST VENTING . 
Going to the gym . Need to stay sexy . 
ok I am trying to go to the gym but I'm waiting for someone . SMH 
So I skipped , tripped and almost busted my lip into the New year , but thanks to the special one I found I'm back on solid ground . Its been game time & i thought it was down packed but time to show myself that it aing goin down like that . Best believe when I say this now I have alot who have doubted me that will be biting their lips now . 
So I skipped , tripped and almost busted my lip into the New year , but thanks to the special one I found I'm back on solid ground . Its been game time & i thought it was down packed but time to show myself that it aint goin down like that . Best believe when I say this now I have alot who have doubted me that will be biting their lips now . 
OMG JUST SAW THE < PROPFEMALE > PARRY VIDEO FOR ' FIREWORK'! I know I'm late but that video was amazing especially when the gay guy walked across the club and kissed the guy he was crushing on !!!! omg ! love this video < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > is awsome ! 
Kanye West not only had the number one spot on the top 50 albums of 2010 but he also claimed the number one single of 2010 . And after checking song & video ' Runaway ' I now know why . It was epic on some other levels and I never talk about artists ESPECIALLY Kanye like this . Props to you Kanye for real you put your heart into this album . Someone who follows Kanye on twitter hit him up 1 time for me . 
Aha I può essere dolce , < PROPFEMALE > non farlo torto , im pazza come l'inferno e im alzare la fiam < PROPFEMALE > in modo da GET OUT mia cucina ! 
Sono < PROPFEMALE > pelle chiara , occhi verdi , < PROPFEMALE > mi < PROPFEMALE > . Quindi non più occhi gelosi causare SI Im < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ho già < PROPFEMALE > Papi . 
Appena svegliato da < PROPFEMALE > sonnellino , ha avuto < PROPFEMALE > altro incubo orribile . Im terrorizzata quando mi sveglio perché il dietro la maschera < PROPMALE > le mie paure è il volto < PROPMALE > mio amante . 
The < PROPFEMALE > of procrastination , of half-measures , of soothing and baffling expedients , of delays , is coming to a close . Against these harsh realities , that we're reaching the end of the old way of living , we can see with our spiritual eyes that even in a dark hour , there is much to be experienced , seen and learned . We will have flashes of knowing that zoom us ahead to where we need/want to be . 
Forever in our hearts . R.I.P. < PROPFEMALE > . We miss you . 
Yes I am pretty , yes I am smart , yes I am gay but .... Honestly I dont need anyone to remind me of that ( cause who doesnt know this RAINBOW PRIDE lol ) BUT what matters is that I am a fighter and I will never give up in any aspect in my life . Any obstacle you think will cripple me will only make me stronger to anyone out there who is afraid to be you life is too short grab life by the horns and live with a smile . 
Hmmm I havent posted nothing today . I have alot on my mind & my spirit is eminating all this energy . Things are changing & Im creating that change . Well imm off this I have work to do moving fast like the road runner today so all you hating cyotoes GET OUT < PROPFEMALE > WAYYYY ! 
Honestly as the night winds down and I sit here and assess my life I still have the deep human emotion of forgiveness because I just want to say \I was wrong you were wrong lets promise to change\ " . But I know it doesn't work that way . Hope she remembers I love her and even if its forever I'll stay . " 
Headed to start my day . I feel alot better but honestly I'm not going to feel completely better until I walk that stage it time to get on my grind . 
Headed 2 start my day . I feel better bt honestly I'm not going to feel completely better until I walk that stage it time to get on my grind . 
Just got my acceptance letter from San < PROPFIRST > State University . I still have to be on my grind . Now I'm just waiting for the rest of my letters to roll in . 
Going to see my Grandma today . I miss her alot . Hopefully I can get some oranges . mmmm nothing like grandmas oranges from her tree . That is the perfect combination to help a sad heart . 
When you really love someone you fight for them . And its especially when things get hard you fight harder . Ima fighter & i will always be . 
not feeling too good but watching Xena < PROPFEMALE > warrior . 
Xena has so many sexual hidden puns . 
So I realized that this world is going crazy . Kids can't ride their bikes around the neighborhood , cartoons are worse than the cussing that was allowed in older cartoons , and people put their kids on drugs for being too hyper . Smh . 
Something you may have not known : For most people the fear of spiders is\ 
much greater than the spiders themselves . Researchers at the University of Sa'o Paulo developed an improbable way to undo arachnophobia by having patients stare at spider-like objects-a tripod , a carousel , a person with dreadlocks . 
It matters what you do when you fall . You get back up and decide through it all , your going to be strong . Only then do you transcend your humanity and love faithfully if not eternally . \ 
If only things were as sweet as love then this whole world would be a better place .... But since its not we make do with what we have . I'm just glad I have that love the world so desperately needs . Moving away from all the negative and on to better things . 
yo I just have to let this out I am doing my work tonight but then tomorrow I am going to box my heart out cause this right here is making me so mad . I CANNOT BELIEVE THIS !!!! 
reposting hold on there was a error 
I do not care what ppl think ... check this ... I have been pushed to my edge . don't think you will play me , DO NOT think you will make a fool of me . If u dnt like tht I'm gay ( oh well ) , going places tht u rnt ( invest in a life ) , or nice because I'm strong enough to be ( get on my level ) . I love unconditionally and when I give my all its not for nothing . Feeling really down but I'm on my grind so I'm off this . 
I love the anime block on adult swim on saturdays . Anime ! 
Who ever made the Sac High Love < PROPFEMALE > is so beautiful . Everyone please add the < PROPFEMALE > and lets get every ones pic up there because everyone deserves love . Burn < PROPFEMALE > s are outplayed is a new year lets do something positive for once . 
At wingstop with my cousins having a good time . 
im at Golden1 and this little boy that doesnt look a day over 9 has a gauge in his ear & its huge ! 
currently in a Poke battle with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > 
The poke battle continues !!!!! 
Just can't cry no more . 
watching Totoro 
watching < PROPFEMALE > Mononoke . Miyazaki marathon . 
kiki's delivery service on deck . 
I'm going to love you like no one has ever loved you . Come rain or come shine . - < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > 
Going to the cousins going to have some fun with some movies !!! 
Just got off the phone with a good friend and I'm helluh cheesing . Now getting goin to the cousins crib . 
all my ninjas in south sac < PROPMALE > is coming through ! 
ok ok ok i got a joke .... How do you wake up Lady Gaga ?........ You Po-po-po-poke her face po-po-po-poke her face ! lol 
ok i got another one ..... What starts with a ' C ' , ends with a ' T ' , and is hairy on the outside and moist on the inside ? \ 
.. Coconut .... What were you thinking ? 
Being a very religious kind of person , when I checked into my hotel , I said to the woman at the desk ; \I hope the p*rn channel in my room is disabled . \ " \ 
been reading today . Nothing better than snuggled up in a blanket with a good book . 
One night a policewoman pulls over a drunk driver . \ 
She politely asks him to step out of his car . He willingly does so . \ 
She says , \Anything you say can and will be Held against you . \ " \ 
Q . What do you call a gay dinosaur ? \ 
A . Mega-saur-ass 
What is invisable and smells like carrots ? \ 
Rabbit farts . 
If God is watching us , the least we can do is be entertaining . 
Some people are like Slinkies ... not really good for anything , but you can't help smiling when you see one tumble down the stairs . 
The sole purpose of a child's middle name , is so he can tell when he's really in trouble . 
Just remember ... if the world didn't suck , we'd all fall off . 
its fair to say that tonight is going to be a long night . smh . 
New starts are not always bad . 
all mighty girl power ! 
