So far life in < PROPMALE > , CO has been interesting ... its more fun than back in Bakersfield for sure 

Hate having to get up this early for work ... 
I feel like crap for some reason ... 
As of tomorrow ill be home alone in a town i dont know for over a week ... sounds like fun ... too bad i dont know ANYONE in town ... 
bored and lonely in this house ... i dont know anyone and im alone for another 5 days ... 
Just found out my dad has no money coming in anymore ... so my family is moving to a smaller and cheaper house back in bako ... great ... now when i go to visit i have to watch them basically being poor ... 
A U.S. militarymember is somewhere in the world tonight missing his/her family whileyou are safe at home . In the minute it takes you to read this , militarymembers all over the world are not only saving lives , but sacrificingtheir own for your freedom . It's Military Appreciation Week . Post this ... if you are in the military , love a military member , hold memories of afallen hero , or appreciate our troops . 
Finally got the internet back !! Time to catch up on things . 
starting to not like it here ... feeling very lonely and unwanted now ... im going for a walk or something i guess ... 
Now im officially back in Bako 
Its 12:30 ... time to sleep for 5 hours , school starts at 8 am ! I hate school ... 
Just got home after the Rockstar Uproar Festival !! A7x killed it , it was a great show . I also met < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > !!! 
\Some things are better off forgotten\ 
Why am I always volunteered to do things against my will ? Apparently now ill be working for East High again though i never volunteered ... 
Couldnt sleep last night ... just super excited for the BC Drumline Comp today at Frontier ! 
Come check out BC Drumline on Saturday Feb . 12th . We're having an open rehearsal all day from 9am-9pm , show up at any time , best to show around 6 pm though . Its FREE . It will be held at BC in the gym . 
BC Drumline comp today at ridegeview , excited we perform at around 8pm or so come support us . 
Union City was fun , the drive was long though , one more day would've been good , it was a great weekend with the BC pit ! 
