is not ready to come back from vacation ! 

is off to work for awhile . Then a burger making contest . If i win maybe a trip to florida .. 
nope , no trip 4 me 
is getting sick . it's not fun . 
Black 
is exhausted . Feels bad her puppy didn't get to play much today . And gets to get up early and do it all over again tomorrow ! What a life . 
Had a good night last night . 
doesn't know what she wants to do tonight .... think i might go out for a little bit 
is going out to peabodys a little later if anyone cares to join ... 
laundry day !.... then maybe some garbage day later ?!?! 
i am not one to garbage day much .... i will get there ! 
What a day ! Another lovely day of mid-ing tomorrow ! Thanks shoes for watching the < PROPFEMALE > puppy . 
finally ... i get to sit down ! Another long day at work tomorrow ! If only i had someone to cuddle with tonight .. i'll get my puppy back tomorrow at least . 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this to your status , and put the first entery for your name under comments ... 
one of the worst days ever ! My car got broken into , my face got broken by my dog , i have to fix a window and get a new id by next and a new ss card ! Yay . I hate my life 
fucking really .... i'm on vacation in the south and its snowing ... Bullshit ! 
letting the puppy out then off to ugly sweater party !!! 
If your Mom is your hero , whether you are blessed to have her still with you , or if she has gone to be with the Lord , copy and paste this with her name ? ? ? < PROPFEMALE > Kolpin- Not a day goes by when I don't think about you and miss you mom . 
been in bed all day ... can't sleep now ... oh i hate getting sick ! 
i can't believe it is march already ... time is going so fast ... 
just got back from a walk with luna ... thinking about what to do tonight since i won't make it to the concert :( 
Yay activity . all i can say . 
loves rainy days .... anyone want to go play in the rain ? 
what a night ! 
Thinking about heading downstairs for a drink ..... anyone want to join me , it's < PROPFIRST>'s pas-tyme . I'm stuck listening to their shitty music anyways . Call me 
exhausted , can't wait until monday ! My one day off . 
So it was a good night , got to eat some good food . Chill in the chilliness with some crazy friends and then do alright at some bowlin with amazing peoples . Chels and O'kon! 
Get to make hula hoops today with Walelah ! 
has three days off . Doesn't know what to do with myself . I'm sure i'll think of something ! 
sad ... the puppy park is closed until tomorrow . At least i got to take her for a nice walk . Now going to watch Sherlock Holmes with < PROPMALE > . Then some space risk or battle < PROPFEMALE > later . What a day , and i have to finish cleaning . Been a busy 3 days . 
Can't wait for Monday ! 
Gosh i LOVE Storms ! Now everything is budding also . I love this weather . As long as it doesn't last to long . 
What a day . Got my car looked at only one more day to get it fixed , but while I was walking got to see one of my favorites ! Timmae I missed you ! It was a good day . 
had a great day ! Got to actually catch some butterflies ! Thanks for everything < PROPMALE > . It was amazing . Sorry i broke the butterfly though . I'll to better next time . 
my knees are sore , i lost my phone ( hopefully not for long ) , and got to collect some aquatic plants ... ( seaweed ) , but had a good time . And i got a butterfly , it was pretty sweet ! Glad it was such a nice day out . 
is practically done with my transfer . I can't believe i'm almost out of Wisconsin . So much left to do and so little time . Also got some sweet butterflies yesterday . Starting to get a collection .... now i just need a case to put them in . 
Went blacklighting tonight and got some big ones ! Yay ! Now if only i could get a < PROPFEMALE > Moth , that would make my day ! 
So , saw storms all around me last night while collecting it was pretty sweet . Then was almost attacked by a bat and a bird which was scary as hell , but ended up with some pretty sweet moths ! Now only if i could find a < PROPFEMALE > moth ! 
Just finished my last day of work before i move . I can't believe how fast it went . 
ahhh .... the movers took all my stuff . I feel lost . 
At the beach today , and off to the aquarium ! Going to be a good day . OH vacation ... why can't you always be ... 
ugh .... unpacking . What a pain in the butt . 
just got scared by a salamandar running close to my foot and jumping .. freaked the shit outta me . Also got a Zebra butterfly today ... yay ! Good day so far . 
still not used to this time change crap ... why can't i just adjust ! One day i'll get there hopefully . 
yay ! i made some friends today . Maybe i won't be completely lonely this weekend . I still miss my wisconsin homies though . Hopefully ill get to see you guys soon . 
just got a Variegated Fritillary . My frit collection is starting to get there . 
why so emotional .... gosh i hate this 
yay . I got my Variegated Fritillary . I'm starting to get a collection now . Damn case , i need more room . 
Gosh , this heat is a killer . Hopefully my body will get used to it sooner rather than later . 
fuck . i'm becoming an drunik again . hopefully it will woerk itrself out 
going to go collecting today after i clean up a bit . I hope i get some good ones . 
Got a pipevine swallowtail , < PROPFEMALE > crescent , and i think an eastern tail blue today . Not a bad day . 2 new species . yay ! 
god , this is going down tooo good . I love me some captain . Becoming a drunk again , good thing i don't work until tomorrow night . Hope everyone has a wonderful night . I know i will , even if i don't do anything . 
fuck i'm derunk\ 
aga9jom4 
ready for a weekend of work ... Hopefully it will go quick . Make some money at least . 
god damn the dmv down here is worse than oshkosh . Wasted 3 hours today . Can't wait for work tomorrow , then hanging out with < PROPFEMALE > . Hopefully it will be a better day than today ! 
Hope everyone had a good summer solstice . Summer is now here , everyone enjoy . 
Had a stellar dream last night , then woke up and realized that i can't see him for a while and it sucks . Why do dreams have to do that you you ? 
My day off from work and my back is killing me . This blows . At least i get to do lunch with < PROPFEMALE > after forever of trying . 
confudled ... 
Happy 4th of July ! 
excited to come home and visit . Yay ! 
Home in 3 weeks ! Get to dress up all pretty for a wedding , < PROPFEMALE > out with my friends and hopefully go tubing . Can't wait ! 
off to get nc plates again . Hopefully i can find it . Then go on a drive until work . Maybe collect . Should be a good day . 
leave for home in 2 weeks . Can't wait , i need some great big hugs , and a spotted cow , they don't have those down here . 
what to do on my day off tomorrow .... if anyone is bored you should hit me up ! 
So need something to do tomorrow ..... get at me if your bored . Then home in a little over a week . 
Good night last night . Get my tan on today , and then off to work later . 
Home in a week ! Doubles the next couple of days , so time should fly by . YAAY 
getting ready to go back to work , then not sure what's happening .. Get a hold of me if you want to chill ... Home soon ! Can't wait ! 
can't wait to get a my tan on tomorrow with < PROPFEMALE > . If people want to join hit me up . Then oil change and start to pack for my trip home . Almost there . 
wonderful sun , here i come . Mix it up with some liquor too , and boy is it going to be good ! 
a day of busting my ass tomorrow , then homeward bound !!!! 
packing ... ugh ! Then off to work . Homeward bound in just a few hours . Can't wait !! Not looking forward to the drive though . :( 
getting ready for more driving ... ugh . At least i get to dress up pretty ! 
drove straight through , boy that gets rough . Home with the friends . Can't wait for camping and tubing ... should be a blast ! 
back in the nc . Made it to work on time ! Woot woot ! then chilled with the girls for a bit . Now off to bed ... much needed . Work in the morning , then some tanning . Can't wait . 
had the most amazing week back home . Thanks to everyone who made that possible . I love you guys ! 
actually got some sleep last night . Thank goodness . It felt great , now i don't want to get out of bed . Work later . then some relaxation till tomorrow . 
what to do tomorrow ... meeting at 3 . so much time before then . 
Another shot of whiskey , can't stop looking at the door\ 
Wishing you'd come sweeping in the way you did before\ 
And I wonder if I ever cross your mind\ 
For me it happens all the time 
its been a roller coaster tonight . not sure what how i should feel right now ..... fuck emotions . 
this day is taking forever . I hate sitting at home . htc if someone wants to to something till 5 . Maybe fastlanes after work ...? 
Dude ! I can't believe you came on my Mom ! I think you might be the biggest perv in the world right now . 
If only yesterday could happen all the time . It was perfect . 
really just wants to sit around and play some board games , or even some cards . 
You make me smile like the sun , fall out of bed\ 
Sing like bird , dizzy in my head\ 
Spin like a record , crazy on a Sunday night 
ready to relax , then to do it all over again tomorrow . yay , work ! i wish ... 
could go for some twilight , risk , or even battlestar or tigris and euphrates .... wish i knew people who liked board games down here ..... 
here we go , aquarius , pisces , \ 
feel the flow of the fluid as I swim through it to free my my soul . \ 
bush shoved the cane without the glove numbed the pain . \ 
the magic from up above what it does for the brain 
Was that you ? Looked just like you . Strange thangs my imagination might do , Take a breath , reflect on what we been through or am I just goin ' crazy ' cause I miss you ? 
Getting ready to clean the car .. :( It'll be worth it when i'm done though . Then going to chillax . Hopefully some one wants to do something later ... i'm losing it in my house . 
mama got me drunishwk early tonight . good thing i'll still be < PROPMALE > to get a goood nites sleep . hi would wou . ld have ate something today . yay workkk . can't wait . 
that was bad . thanks mom for getting me drunk . it was nice and early so i'll be sober for work tomorrow . appreciated . should have ate something though . yay work . omg , i don't know how i got that to work so well compared to the last one . i think . just proof read . 
work all day today ... yay 
what a boring day ... getting the laundry done and chilling with the puppy . htc if you want to do something .... 
Got to talk to my best friend from years ago today . It was wonderful , if only that would have happened before i left . 
cooking supper . then relaxing . 
work a double today . Hopefully we'lll actually get busy . 
How I wish , how I wish you were here . \ 
We're just two lost souls swimming in a fish bowl , year after year , \ 
Running over the same old ground . \ 
What have we found ? The same old fears . \ 
Wish you were here . 
ugh ... i hate getting sick . laying in bed getting some rest . Volleyball game in the morning , work at night . 
Volleyball was so cute , gosh i miss playing . Now getting some rest before work . 
I may not be the most attractive , or the sexiest , nor do I have the perfect body . I might not be everyone's first choice , but I'm a Great choice . I don't pretend to be someone I'm not , because I'm good at being me . I might not be proud of some things I've done in my past , but I'm proud of who I am today . Take me as I am .............. or watch me as I walk away ! Post if you're proud of being you ! 
Aww ... everyone is so sweet . Thanks for all the bday wishes . Your all the best ! 
The scavenger hunt was awesome . The girls totally won ! 
not wanting to go to work later .... Hopefully make some money though . 
Had a fantastic night ! Can't wait to go camping !!!! 
Had a good weekend , and got to take a nice walk with my baby today . Work later ... ugh ! 
It's going to be a long couple of days . Wish i could just skip them . 
just got done with a long night at work , and getting ready for a longer day tomorrow . Missing my homies . Can't wait till Feb . 
Snobby girls come from California . Sweet girls come from Alabama . But we WI girls have fire and ice in our blood . We can ride four wheelers , be a < PROPFEMALE > , throw left hooks , drink with the boys and if we have an opinion , you bet your ass you're gonna hear it !! Copy and post if you agree 
been a long night , ready to get some rest . Then doing it again tomorrow . 
Had a good day . Got to sleep in a little bit . Took the puppy for and walk and baked a cake and dinner . Then a long day at work again ! 
The love that lasts the longest , is the love that is never returned . 
gosh i love full moons . I feel like i should be doing something instead of sitting here though ! 
is excited . Can't wait to party with the crew tonight up in Love Valley ! Gosh , Halloween is amazing ! 
ugggh .... i hate being sick . Another night of R&R and hopefully i'll be back on my feet again ! 
A true friend doesn't care when you're broke , what you weigh , what brand name you wear , if your house is a mess , where you live , about your past or if your family is filled with crazies ... they love you for who you are . A true friend can go long periods of time without speaking but never question the friendship . Re-post if you have at least one true friend .... they will know who they are !! 
uggghhhhh ........... i just want this headache to go away ! 
finally .... a day off , and i'm going to get to eat some bangin food . Excited ! 
Happy Thanksgiving to everyone ! Relax and have a great day . 
Relaxing with the puppy . Bout to chill in the hot tub to relax for a < PROPFEMALE > , then munch on some leftovers and watch a movie . Can't decide which one ... 
Just got my new puppy < PROPFEMALE > . She is adorable , and now < PROPFEMALE > has a friend to play with . Excited !! 
Lost my phone last night ...... lame .. Hopefully find it soon . If you've seen it leave me a message on here plz ! 
YAY ! found my phone ... again . Scatterbrain . Open in the am . Ready to see my bestie afterwards ! 
At least I got to see my bestie < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Murrell before we go on opposite scheduales . Going to miss you . We gotta to see each other soon , can't have my withdrawls again ..... not cool !!!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all my friends and family . I love you all , and hope you have a great day ! 
With my love < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Murrell . getting ready for bed again soon . 
omg .... i forgot how much i love atmosphere !!! Jammin out , then getting ready for my day !!! 
Maybe we can speed up the process kill me in my 30s in the name of progress , put me in the dirt than change the topic , some time it seems like the only way to stop it contemplate my departure date , doesn't take a lot to get a lot of us to talk this way . take a shot at me that's all the i'm obligated for , the only guarentee is a walk away . 
This is life , we all scream . Praying for dollars and we work for change , its all the same , we all struggle , sometimes you have to say fuck you , when you smile and she doesnt ' return it , give her room and don't disturb it , if it makes it hurt less to curse and fight , than go ahead girl you deserve it ! 
Just got back from sledding with my girls < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Murrell and < PROPFEMALE > Kerrick . It was the SHITTTTT , except that pond came up quick . Sore as hell , relaxing with < PROPFEMALE > now . 
With my love < PROPFEMALE > Kerrick . Chilling in the hot tub , drinking some wine and watching movies . 
with my love < PROPFEMALE > Kerrick . Just had some delicious home made < PROPMALE > and cheese , chillin watchin some tv , followed by wine and hot tub ! Ready to relax !!! 
bored !!!! someone should come chill with me ! 
I think it's great how you used to be great \ 
I can't hate how you choose to relate \ 
But I know you had the potential \ 
I understand why you wanted to let go \ 
A lot of pressure in the middle of those shoulders \ 
And we ain't gettin nothing but older \ 
Ain't nothing change but the day we run from \ 
But nobody knows that better than you 
with my love < PROPFEMALE > Kerrick . Drinking , movies , hot tub .... doesn't get much better !!!! 
Going dancin with the girls .! To a night of randomness and adventures that we won't be able to forget !! 
went for a nice walk , finishing up some laundry and some pretty little liars ! It's a good night ! 
what a crazy hike . Quite fun though , gotta love playing in the mud !!! 
