enjoying tahoe 

is a freaking dragon dude ! 
been here for the past two days . still settling in ... 
just wrecked about 40 people over 2 and a half hours in volleyball 
is seriously wondering how the first year of college is gonna end 
is wishing yesterday could have gone better 
tired of all the crap that keeps going down 
repeat my last update ...... 
is playing kh 385/2 days . soooooooo goooooooood 
just finished kh 358 . gooood game 
just epicly failed a wheelie on my bike , ripping my decent pair of jeans .... 
lold when someones phone did the power rangers communicator beep in physics class XDD 
is starting to feel a little better ... 
I don't wanna change the world ........ I just wanna leave it colder ........ Light the fuse and burn it up ......... Take the path that leads to nowhere 
ITS SNOWING !!!!!!!!!!! 
Here is my mask ----- it looks just like yours . We cannot see what our masks look like while we are wearing them . -Sandworms of Dune 
OMFG !!!! Assassin's Creed Lineage on Youtube !!!! 
wants it to snow so he can get back on his board 
Bought my ski pass(check ) Have my board(check ) Have my gear(check ) Ride to mountain ( check ) Been down each run on it several times(to be continued ) XDDDD 
tired of just college fatigue .... man i just wanna get home 
I cant wait to get back home and see everyone . only 2 weeks !! 
lold all the way through Men Who Stare At Goats 
The path of Life isn't one that is easily walked . Sometimes it is straight and narrow , other times , its curved and broad . There will be hills to climb , and there will be bridges to cross . Every step is another adventure , every breath a new day . I want to keep on walking , and I'm always here to stay 
is friggin psyched for next weekend XDDDD 
YAAAAAYYYYYY ORIGINAL CODE !!!!!! 
HALO LEGENDS IS UP !!!!!! XDDDDDD 
bahahahahaha < PROPMALE > Salvatin hack :3 <3 
ever feel a day just slip from bad to terrible ?.... 
now back from terrible to bad 
walk the line , live on the edge , push the limit .... today's society has so many phrases for living in a state of stress and hardship . but almost none of them focus on the emotional aspect of it , and that leaves out the greater part of human experience , so why the hell do we not focus on our personal feelings ? ( just random thought , i swear on my life ) 
just had a day on the mountain snowboarding . started at 9.20 ended at 2.50 . what a great day 
happy new years 
another year done . another to begin . all that ends begins a new cycle . each rotation brings something new , a new adventure , a new friend , a new experience . who's ready to join me on this new adventure ? 
just unlicked the hidden ending in KHII !!! and still not tired of it XDDD 
just lost a drake with full loads of ammo and equipment ... im sad .... 
now to board all day then come back and do all the homework i neglected to do this weekend XDDDD 
had fun boarding , losing my wallet , not so much .... 
just lold at the after episode of this weeks bleach release 
sometimes you have to look through darkness to see the light 
awesome Super Bowl game 
BIOSHOCK 2 COMES OUT TOMORROW !!!!!!!!!!!! 
Best RvB quote ever : Wash ; I told them Caboose did it . Apparently they already have a shortcut on their keyboard for recording his team kills . Caboose : Control FU 
okay , i have to give this guy props for doing the almost impossible : http://videogames.yahoo.com/events/playback/playback-106/1392129 
crossed a new line of nerdiness : i have < PROPFEMALE > ted editing the < PROPFEMALE > wars wiki ... how did it take this long ? lol 
Ronin Warriors : Your mother wears army boots !!.... best comeback ive heard in a long time 
* sigh * 
LONG LIVE RVB !!! 
WHOOHOOO !!! THUUUNNNNDDDEEERRRRR !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
the weather cant make up its mind : < PROPFEMALE > earlier this week , rainy tues and wed , now it rained in the morning and snowed in the afternoon , now its clearing up . 
belligerent drunks ... 
all gamers : RvB Revelation is EPIC 
Literally an EPIC FAIL : http://news.yahoo.com/s/space/20100429/sc_space/hugenasascienceballooncrashesinaustralianoutback 
in a week , ill be back in cali .... TIME GO FASTER !!! 
\No ... I am your father . \"" 
done with finals ... now to pack , then im home in 11 hours 
loved iron man 2 
Ex-president < PROPFIRST > is about to die !! whos happy other than me ? 
Can I have < PROPFIRST>'s mask ? It is epic .... 
just sent the 360 for repairs .... please come back soon ! 
* sigh * ....... 
360 is repaired and on its way back ! XDDDDD 
fuck .... extended warranty expired in jan .... goodbye $119 ..... 
Ca'nara ba nuhoy 
< PROPFEMALE > copanii slanar to < PROPFEMALE > Wars bes'laar ? ( who wants to go to the < PROPFEMALE > wars concert ? ) 
Haat o'r an nuhune 
Got hired at IHOP on a walk-in ! ^.^ 
< PROPFEMALE > Munn on Daily Show ! i <3 this show even more ^.^ 
I'm so aisan < PROPFIRST > , im ninja ! ( daily show ) 
oh sweet jesus .... tex is back .... 
FMA is a terrific story . I recommend this to ANY and EVERYONE 
Happy Force of July !! 
got graveyard again .. this is gonna be interesting .. 
has found something even more evil than Project Soul ..... Team Ninja and their bastard Mentor mode ... 
....... can boredom be considered a \normal\ " state of life ?... " 
is anyone free mon or wed next week ? 
Back to Colorado tmrw .. sad to leave 
first day of classes is over with . glad to be done 
figuring out what to do the rest of college for classes ...... goodie 
now onto the second week of college 
New Disturbed album : Bought 
Fuck !! i just lost THE GAME ! 
i still haven't got my peanuts 
bored . out . of . my . mind 
** begins hitting head against wall ** 
all < PROPFEMALE > wars fans : HK-47 lives again in SWTOR 
ah Liar Liar , you make life so much fun :) 
anyone else bored with nothing to do ? 
fire alarm at 5 this morning ... fml 
Resident Evil Afterlife : good . Wesker coming back from the dead AGAIN : annoying as hell 
whos not going to be sleeping tonight ? ME !!! XDDD 
plasma launcher is to be called gue-gun 
GOT REACH SUCKERS !!! 
my past 48 hours : awake from 7 am Mon to 3pm Tues then asleep from 330pm tues to 730 am wed . LOL 
lost my ipod .... fml ... 
whats everyone up to tonight ? 
Does anyone else get the feeling that they are looking at the FFVII planet when they play Reach ? 
aaagggghhhhh ...... headache ....... OSIIIIIIIKKKKK !!!!!!! 
phone gave out on me . if you need to get a hold of me , go through facebook 
wow ... REACH has affected me so much that I just read through the entire Wikipedia set on Marathon ... I'm such a nerd , LOL 
woohoo ! two resident evil movies in two days ! ( including tmrw ) 
wow ... went to see Afterlife again ... only me and one other dude were there XP 
Who else has homework that they need to do but have absolutely NO drive to do it ? 
Who's ready for the Reno ride ? MEEEE !! 
completed Reach on Legendary .... alone ..... never doing THAT again 
one flight down , one to go 
Wants to be at Hermosa Beach , not LAX 
Didnt i just LEAVE the rain ? 
sometimes silence is golden ... other times its not welcome 
\One thousand < PROPMALE > away/There's nothing left to say/But so much left that I don't know/We never had a choice/This world is too much noise/It takes me under/It takes me under once again \"- Rise Against " 
\you only get one continue buddy \"" 
\you're not supposed to remember\ " < PROPFIRST > " 
Ner norac kadala ..... 
Thank you everyone who wished me a happy birthday ! it means a lot and I hope to see you all soon ! 
misses chrome and his computer letting him do what he wants on it ... 
hates his computer with ALL OF HIS BEING 
who wants to go see Jackass tomorrow ? 
is ready to begin bashing his head into the wall because IE is such a bad browser ... 
missed Chrome and is glad its back 
too many good movies on .... when to eat ..... 
YAY NINERS !! 
Put this as your status if you know , or are related to , someone killed on Alderaan when it was obliterated by the Death < PROPFEMALE > . People must understand that the Empire is a band of murderers bent on universal domination . The Rebel Alliance seeks peace for the galaxy , but the Galactic Empire continues to kill innocent civilians . 93% won't copy & paste this . 
NEW HALO BOOKS COMING IN 2011 !!!! 
just spent 2 hours reading Wookieepedia .... im such a nerd ... 
always enjoys watching Gladiator 
who else is excited for Force Unleashed 2 ? 
Daily show is EPIIIC 
kinda likes the new 360 start up 
has completed a months worth of daily challenges . 
Ni ru verbori te Omnibus be Bob'ika ..... ORI'KANDOSII!!!! 
has to wonder ... how many times has < PROPMALE > killed/been reborn ? 
has reached the conclusion that he is a Fandalorian 
realized he really misses Nation-Ball ... what about you guys ? Zach Nichelman < PROPFIRST > Dodson < PROPFIRST > Thackrey Jonny Mandio 
went to sleep at about 8pm ... woke up at 2am ... then slept till 7 .. by my count thats about 10 hours of sleep ... WTF ?? 
As ruthless as Death itself , \ 
The pitiless face of The Jedi's wrath , \ 
Let us look down on all who are before us . \ 
Brothers all , one heart of justice . \ 
< PROPFEMALE > . 
hates the airport connection , but SOOOO ready to be home 
Stoked to go to the Cal game today ! 
home and loving it 
wants to know WHO is on Jacen's Throne of Balance ... 
Change your profile picture to one of your favorite cartoon characters and ask your friends to do the same . The point of the game ? To have no human faces on Facebook only childhood memories by Monday to fight child abuse . Copy and paste to spread the word . 
my brain literally just shorted out while doing homework ... i cant focus at all and nothing is making sense 
CRTL-FU . Who knows what this is ? XP 
Oya , all you < PROPFEMALE > Wars geeks ! Bow down and show reverence for this day , December 6 , the day that KOTOR 2 came out 
just opened a poptart package that had 3 in it .... SCORE ! 
Press LIKE if you are glad you ever met me . Set this as your status and see what you get . 
SW fact : Anakin Skywalker's life was balanced between the light side and the dark side for 23 years each . 
In my Cognitive Psych class today :\ 
Berta : What's a chihuahua , a rat ? \ 
Me : No , a chewtoy . \ 
Berta : Look at Vick over here\ 
< class laughs > \ 
\ 
God i love this class 
hates papers with all his being ... 
my bite has changed .... dammit .... my jaw is sooo tense .... 
saw a little Yamaha 50 tied to a bike rack .... that just made my day 
time to begin the countdown to Mass Effect 3 ( one year and counting ) .... STOKED 
saw about 16 shooting stars in the past hour . thank you insomnia for that pleasant experience 
mass effect 2 just got funnier with the Shadow Broker DLC 
Friggin flight got delayed .... 
The last 36 hours of my life have absolutely SUCKED 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ! 
another day in socal done . ready to be home 
is ready to be home now 
its nice to wake up in my own bed 
time for a shark to eat a < PROPMALE > 
who wants to see tron tomorrow ? 
ok ... tron kicked ASS 
bored out of my skull at home . who wants to < PROPFEMALE > ? 
gone riding . 
Where did the last HOUR go ? 
tahoe , here I come 
lunch on the mountain . yummeh 
just ate it . arms throbbing . 
just ate an entire LARGE papa murphys pizza ... I'm a fat ass 
you can sit on the felt finger !!..... god I love daily show 
Another break done , another reason to stay ... this pattern is PISSING ME OFF 
made it to my flight without an ulcer . WIN ! 
back in boulder 
good < PROPFEMALE > see snow in colorado again 
just found out one of my classes i had planned to take got dropped .... just what i friggin need .... 
just got two cuts on the same hand and i have NO CLUE how they happened ... 
nothing like a good workout to start the semester off right 
I keep finding scrapes and cuts over my body ... this is PiSSING ME OFF 
< PROPMALE > weeks is edging into my \favorite author\ " slot " 
craaaaap ..... 
whats harder ? my head or the wall im staring at ? 
you can only see your support when you stop and look back . 
too many good movies on today ... so much for being productive 
noting like a talk with someone special to help you through a rough patch 
just saw a Mythic rank player 0 . o 
You ? say ? < PROPFIRST > Swift , I ? say ?? Disturbed You say Lady Gaga , I say Evanescence You ? say Miley < PROPMALE > , I say ? Slipknot You say T-Pain , I ? say Three Days Grace You say Eminem , I say ?? Linkin ? Park You say < PROPMALE > ? Brother , I say ?? Green Day You say Flowers , I say Skillet 92% ? of teens have turned ?? to pop and hip-hop . If you are ? part of the 8% ? that still listens to real music , copy and paste this . 
yay snow and no waterproof jacket ... 
that was the worst hour ive ever spent on a bus ... 
THE LEMANS LIVES AGAIN !!!!!!!!!!! 
nothing like a couple plates of pasta to leave ya with a borderline food coma 
I lost the game ! 
that was the weirdest night of sleep that ive had in a while ... 
has decided to hold off buying Dead Space 2 for a year ... this is gonna be difficult ... 
gotten bitch-slapped by reality ... again . I'm almost used to it by now 
nothing like a good book high . 
\Hey ! Come on 
just realized he prefers any environment where he can't hear ringing in his ears 
hates his itunes movie player ... 
\silence ! I keel u .. \"" 
whos ready for a below freezing day tmrw ? 
yaay ! a day under 5 degrees ! lets see who gets frostbite last ! XP 
who wants to catch a movie tomorrow ? 
found my good sunglasses ! 
owwwww ...... 
Another Friday night with nothing to do 
got a haircut ! finally don't have to deal with all that hair anymore 
who else doesnt want to go to class tomorrow ? 
