Happy new years ! 

Tired . It's late . This guy's desperate to prove his point , even attacking people personally . What I think ? He's a immature brat that's been indoctrinated by the lies of secular humanists . What I say ? He has a good opinion , and he should be allowed to post 
Just watched Terminator : Salvation . It was pretty good , but very predictable . 
Work .. sleep ... seems to be all I do these days . It was amusing tonight , particularly because a little Mexican fruit vendor had set up shop on the sidewalk outside the Community center , and watching them yell and scramble to move their stuff while the mas 
is in the airport , waiting for a flight to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > at 8:30 .... 
In < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , met some relatives I haven't seen in a decade , one of which looks like the spitting image of < PROPMALE > Engvall ... 
Clovis , New Mexico . Well , at least the hotel is decent .. can't say the same for the town . 
Happy 4th everyone ! Gigantic thunderstorm overhead in purgatory ( wait , I mean Midland , Texas ) .. so no fireworks .. 
Adios , Albuquerque , NM ,... its been interesting .. Time to return to good ol ' < PROPFEMALE > . 
McCarran Airport . Las Vegas , NV . A place of departures and arrivals , and a place that has a serious lack of electrical outlets and people that accept Visa cash cards . Awesome . 
Laptop power adapter is broken .. and with no signs of damage . Awesome . 2 and a half hours of juice until it's dead . I hope the replacement is cheap , or covered by warranty . 
Tired , done , and exhausted . Work tommorow at 8 , and I doubt I'll be more than half-awake for most of it . Well , hopefully all the below drama/unhappiness dies down , and people figure it out . Good night , and peace , all . 
Going to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > tommorow to the beach house ... gonna be fun as always .. 
http://www.myspace.com/xedgeforeternityx Go to it . Add me . Be happy . 
I'm up early .. this is unfortunate 
Back from Monterey .. and wishing to not be . 
Signed up for the SAT/subject tests , bought a math book ( 113 bucks , and it was half off ) , and bought a new stereo . Expensive life , eh . 
Just watched Push .. and wished I hadn't . 
Interesting .. having my 17th birthday the day before we return to school .. kinda bittersweet 
School tommorow = no ftw . I like my sleep . 
Retreat was pretty good ; pushing < PROPFIRST > in was better . 
Alright .. alright .. a < PROPMALE > from WNC for $1974 .. That's gotta be a huge mistake , seeing as the class I'm attending cost $25 for me , < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPMALE > . 
Well .. it looks like the days of staying up late are over .. but you know , it's not all bad . 
Not a bad first day ... definitely better than freshman year ... :P 
Was a bit bored .. so I went to Mormon.org to compare differences between it and Christianity . It's pretty scary . 
GO GIANTS ! 
Well .. this weekend was absolutely and completely EPIC . Seeing the Giants win ; seeing Tutankhamen at a museum in SF , and coming home to face the fact that senior year is actually going quite well . 
At CVI right now , sipping on some surprisingly good iced mocha , and waiting to go to calc class tonight . Yep , it ain't all bad . 
Just ate some very tasty spaghetti ... finished most of my homework that isn't Church History or Modern World History .. and now , I'm chillin ' . Pretty awesome . 
Hoping that the Dart bus actually shows up tommorow .. and I need to finish this Modern W . History report .. 
Feeling pretty good right now .. no hw .. no worries .. Yeah . Not bad at all . 
Never forget .. always remember .. 
Just got a 3 < PROPFEMALE > letter from Harvard ... hmm ... 
Alright .. signing off for tonight .. its time to get going on some hw .. Night all . 
Wind + cold = doubleplus ungood . 
Real cool .. my mother being the pharmacist she is ... gave me some medicine for my cold sores that NUMBED my entire mouth .. yeah .. don't try calling now . 
Oh man .. sick . This flu = no bueno . Looks like I'm gonna be out from school tommorow . 
Ok .. just found out what Will and < PROPMALE > seem to talk about all the time .. Dungeons and Dragons Online .. oh my . 
Feeling much better today .. probably due to the huge amount of medicine I've taken for different ailments .. yeah . 
<--- is liking the weather .. a lot . Snow + cold = doubleplusgood . 
Sick again .. not fun . 
All a's for the quarter .. not bad . 
fall bash = win . 
Yay for super slow internet at work .. well , it's something , at least . 
Well .. got my SAT scores back .. 730 for Reading , 710 for Writing , and 630 for Math . Hope it gets me some scholarships ! 
Domination @ A . O .. in His strength , we start a new season off well . 
Lincecum's an idiot . If you don't know who/what I'm speaking of .. go look it up . 
For death is no more than a turning of us over from time to eternity . - < PROPFIRST > Penn . RIP Grandpa < PROPFIRST > , you are with us in our hearts . 
knows that life moves on .. and is already seeing it the day after . Grief and loss is only temporary . 
Finally ! It's done .. over with .. the beast is dead . And .. I now know more about Mr. Churchill then I could ever care to < PROPFEMALE > . 
UC Berkeley .. UC < PROPMALE > .. Cal Poly .. all done . Finally . Thank God . 
You know what I mean ? 
A fanatic is one who can't change his mind and won't change the subject . - < PROPMALE > Churchill . 
Hoping for a snow day tommorow . 
NO SCHOOL TOMMOROW !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Although prepared for martyrdom , I preferred that it be postponed . - < PROPMALE > Churchill . 
Leaving for LA soon .. wish me good travel 
Its uncommonly cold for LA .. 54 degrees . And the tap water comes out white . Lovely . 
It's raining .. on the day of a funeral . How stereotypical . 
I suppose .. I'll give in and fill out the Harvard app . Why not . 
It's been a long weekend .. 26 hours of work so far , and another 19 to go today/tomm . And to top it off , I'm volunteering at church this morning . Exhaustive is an understatement . 
Sick and tired of getting spam chat from people that I believe are hacked . 
Going to visit < PROPMALE > .. hope he's doing well . 
Eventful couple days this weekend has been ... it's been chaotic . 
Aikes .. my dad got laid off . Please pray for our family . 
Life is short . Enjoy it while you can , but have faith that this is only the beginning . 
<-- is happy for a number of people right now .. confidence = win . 
<- wonders if we have free dress tomm .. because of the proximity to the 24th . 
what the french toast facebook ! 
SAINTS ! 
Let's see a final SLHS home basketball game win tonight , shall we ? 
This week is dragging on forever . But , at least , Friday is a half-day . Small gifts , eh ? 
It seems like the world's rushing headlong into disaster all around us in these times of trial , sickness , and death . But we can rely on He who is greater , kinder , infinitely more loving and stronger than these issues we now face . 
What's on your mind ? 
ain't no sunshine when she's gone ... 
Delbasco just ate it .. hard . Ski cross is intense . 
today was rough , for some people , I suppose . Monday blues exacerbated by idiotic drama . Yea .. good stuff . 
Awesome .. my brownies broke when my mother moved them . Terrific . They can't taste too great if they did that .. < Chemistry 
Work .. CHS Musical Theater concert .. crazy people and odd singing .. Good times . 
It's been quite the week .. quite the school year . 46 or so days left .. can't wait . 
Hmm .. closed Itunes but music keeps playing . Interesting .. but it'll be annoying if it doesn't stop . 
11 hour work-day .. perhaps 40 minutes of actual work . I love performance days . Also seen several people I know here today at Oz .. It's a good job . 
Obamacare ftl . It's time to move .. I'm thinking an island in the South Pacific . 
Who you gonna call ? 
Good job tonight seniors .. we did it , finally . We've come a long way since sophomore year . 
Wait-listed for UC < PROPMALE > .. sad day . 
Sick .. no fun . 
I have come to the conclusion that life , while it may have many problems , issues , and hard times , is good . 
So .. how was everyone's break ? 
Being sick is awful . 
Perhaps everyone else that went is asleep/busy/ w/e , but I must say that prom was pretty amazing tonight . 
This weekend was probably the most eventful one I've had in a long time .. and it was well worth it , too 
Played my first softball game today .. pretty tough going up against 21 year-olds , but I think I held my own along with the rest of the team . We'll do better as time goes on , I hope 
The Sound of Music .. three nights this weekend . I'm gonna have the songs stuck in my head for weeks . 
English award .. hmm . 
What google has down to their homepage is officially amazing . Period . 
Wondering why I've made the choices that I have . 
Well , seniors .. it's been a good four years . 
Off to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > .. a long drive awaits . 
Ahh .. good ol ' Lone Pine , CA .. 
Ahh .. good ol ' Safe Grad . Working an overnighter tonight . 
Gotta love it when two balloons blow out a transformer behind your house .. downing everyone's electricity in half your neighborhood for 5 hours . Yeah . Thanks , small child who had a birthday . Thanks . 
Watching Air Force band guys trying to open a trailer door on this 18-wheeler they managed to park outside the theater . Fun stuff . 
Just watched the Dark Knight for the first time .. I'm glad I did . 
<--- Hates getting immunized . It's not the needles , it's the extreme nausea I feel afterwards along with a massive headache . No fun . 
Who knew mini-golfing for 2 hours in Reno could be so much fun ? 
Omegle is the most useless , but simply hilarious site on the interwebs . 
Just watched Hot Fuzz .. hilarious movie . 
Wisdom teeth out tommorow .. I am not looking forward to this one bit . 
< feels like he's done more harm than good tonight . 
Just installed Windows 7 .. having a fresh start is nice 
It's raining . There's thunder . I spotted lightning to the south . This is officially amazing . 
Chilling at the beach in Monterey Bay .. it's gonna be a good week 
Had an amazing week @ Monterey .. waves got better each day , and I got a lot of exp . bodysurfing , skimboarding , and swimming .. Now just for the long drive home .. 
Well , this is what I get for being out of town and having a broken laptop .. it appears I missed my own birthday on da internetz . Well , thanks everyone . 
Hmm .. Dinner for Schmucks was kinda ... meh .. 
My last day in < PROPMALE > .. it's been a good time here , but it's time to move on 
First day in the dorms .. it's loco .. but hilarious 
First day of classes .. just had a 20 < PROPFEMALE > Comp class .. fun stuff 
Crazy amount of friends online right now .. -- 37 -- 
What google has done with their homepage is pretty cool .. like usual .. 
Exhausted .. but I can't sleep . At least my first class is after lunch tomorrow .. 
Torn ... 
Just found out I'm not actually a celiac .. ( allergic to gluten -- aka wheat , etc ) .. thank god for clinical errors in 3% of cases or so . 
All-nighters ... ftw 
Love . It's a tough emotion to have .. but it's worth it , I think . 
Hall cup was amazing .. to say the least 
Late-night studying for a test = fun stuff . Not really . 
Pretty sure I aced my Bio test .. enjoyed a good , homemade cup o ' < PROPFIRST > .. and have no homework for tonight . Good times . 
The joys of FB in the middle of Writing class .. fun stuff . 
Every time I ride by Hollywood St. I think of Hollywood Undead . Good band , or am I just crazy ? 
For the first time here in college .. I am not looking forward to this weekend . Seems like the structure of classes helps take my mind off of things .. free time's gonna be tough 
How can people be so blind ? 
Today .. has been interesting , to say the least . Lots of strange , wacky things happened . Tailgate parties are , as usual , amazing , to say the least . 
Loving Nerf Tag .. it reminds me of Survivor .. 
Last thursday = craziness , but amazing . Of course , it's pretty insane when you're speed walking with < PROPFIRST > thru it all 
Tonight .. has arguably been the craziest , wackiest , most insane night I can recall .. arrests , drunk people , streakers , Mexican standoffs , laughter ... the list goes on and on and on .. 
How can humans be so cold , so uncaring ? 
Broomball was epic .. nuf said 
No hot water in East .. this is awful 
Words don't cut it . 
< PROPFEMALE > Becker must die . New favorite fake movie title . Ever . 
Today's gonna be a good day , I do believe . 
:) 
GIANTS 
Every person has 1000 wishes , a cancer patient only one : to get better . I know that 97% will not post this as their status , be one of the 3% and put this as your status . At least for an hour . For those who died because of cancer or are still fighting it . 
Gotta love it when you have to go to rescue < PROPFEMALE > Becker stranded ( out of gas ) next to a strip club , and then you hear your school over the police scanner . Fun times . 
GIANTS !! 
snape ... snape ... severus snape ... :D 
Loving life .. or living love ? Not sure ... XD 
Went to my cousins in Vanc for the day .. watched football ( Raiders and Chiefs/ Seahawks .. ick .. and the Giants ) . Had a good time laughing at the 25-26 penalty Raiders game .. it lasted an extra hour . Overall ... not a bad day . 
< PROPFEMALE>'s doing alright .. We're back from the hospital- her blood pressure and heart rate are down to near-normal . She's on beta blockers and it looks like she'll be fine . Thanks < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > for coming along . 
Everyone should take just a moment to remember those who have made their freedom possible . Our lives of relative comfort and happiness were paid for in blood by those willing to die for the concept of < PROPFEMALE > . No matter what your political beliefs are , you should still support our troops , both past and present . 
Pretty sure I just aced my evil Chem test .. woohoo 
Inception time .. will be my 4th time watching it . I'm still stoked as ever . 
happiness :) 
In the air to < PROPMALE > , using Southwest's WiFi .. pretty cool stuff . 5 bucks for almost 2 hrs of flight time , and the internet seems alright . 
Touched down in < PROPMALE > about half an hr ago .. wishing food wasn't so dang overpriced at the airport here ... 
Remember < PROPFIRST > Walser .. he was and is very well loved , and our hearts are with him as he walks side by side with his Savior 
Happy thanksgiving ! Let's remember who we should truly be thankful for , as without Him we would have truly nothing . 
Vegas .. land o ' lost wages .. Only here for a short time , then flying back to Portland . It was nice to get away with < PROPFEMALE > to her family for a week . 
change your default pic to a pic of your favorite cartoon , in order to raise awareness about child abuse . 
It's nice to be back , I guess . It's odd -- feeling like a stranger in your own house 
Just shoveled the driveway for about an hour .. the snow was practically piling on as fast as my dad and I shoveled . Love being in < PROPFEMALE > right now . 
Elabortations . They attack . 
Just froze my butt off cause I couldn't find my shoes during a fire drill . Fun stuff . Being in a t-shirt and shorts didn't help matters much either . 
Happy to finally be home from the ER- glad < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > is doing well now . They were pretty sure both her ankles were sprained , but she's off her feet and has crutches for when she does have to move around . Thanks so much < PROPFIRST > Irland , < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > for their help tonight . 
Yum .. love how I procrastinate till each Thursday night and subsequently have to pull semi-to-all-nighters because I put off homework . Fun times 
Digging in the dirt at Fernhill Park for bugs = an entertaining way to begin the day 
what movie should we watch tonight ? suggestions ... anyone ? anyone ? 
I wish that people who don't know what they're talking about would just keep their opinions to themselves . Our world would be a lot less confusing and drama-filled if people just did their homework on certain situations and whatnot . Anyways , I'll hop off my soapbox now . Have a lovely night . YOU KNOW WHO YOU ARE .. waffles 
Stats .. down .. Chemistry .. down .. now just for MY FREAKING 6 HOUR BIOLOGY LAB .. I'm calm .. I'm calm .. I promise .. 
There's like ... a mini-riot going on outside my dorm on East 1 . Lol . 
