. . . and a Happy New Year ! 

Headin ' for Cali in about 8 hours . 
got her xbox 360 fixed just in time to have no time to use it . Second quarter here I come . 
Nothing like a paying job , even if it's only for two days . 
Yet another fun day at Disneyland ! Wish my feet thought the same . 
Finally got my xbox 360 fixed . They just gave me a new one . 
Going to be my new roommate's chauffeur for the weekend 
Needs to get rid of this headache 
Hates creating traffic beds . After the 10th hour it's just not fun anymore . 
Hopefully last day of getting up at 5 to get caught up on my show . 
likes sleeping in 
black friday shopping hurts my soul a little , but there are good deals . 
Played two sets of doubles tennis and won 6-5 ; 6-4 . Then some basketball and barely won 10-9 . So tired . 
feels defeated yet again 
gets to work and supervise today 
didn't get work done like I planned , but did buy a lot of groceries for good eats 
another long day ahead 
will hopefully be sleeping by 6am . 71 more minutes of bounce time . Why does Protools have to bounce in real time ? 
got a good four hours of sleep . Now it's laundry time . 
and the x-mas movie watching has begun . Up 1st : How the Grinch Stole Christmas . 
packing for home 
got my cd/dvd drive on my laptop replaced today . They got it done in two hours which made my day . Now I can start downloading all those digital copies of movies I have laying around . 
Off to Iowa to to visit my bro , sis-in-law , and niece , then to Chi-town on Sat . 
loving the snow . Thursday we're supposed to get around a foot . It'll be a great white x-mas indeed ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all ! 
Fun night filled with laughter . What more can you ask for ? 
Day 1 : headache . Day 2 : soar throat . Day 3 : congestion and gets stung in the face by a < PROPFEMALE > . Day 4 : cough . Today : fever and swollen itchy bump where the < PROPFEMALE > stung me . Should I be happy I'm not getting all the symptoms at the same time or mad that I'm spending my nice long weekend sick ? 
I love Italians and Italian food !!! 
Lazy lazy lazy . Good thing I don't have school tomorrow . 
so , so very tired . 
really tested her ability for < PROPFEMALE > tonight . 
Oh Vectorworks , why do you hate me so ? 
You win this round Vectorworks . I give up . Simple extrudes all around . 
Pulled an all-nighter to get a project done for class . Was it worth it ? Probably not . 
mmmm Korean bbq is sooooo good , but so expensive . 
Grandma just died . 
So much to do . So very little time to do it . 
First night in a week I got more than four hours of sleep . 
Crit night . Be gentle . 
Another busy week ahead 
I got an internship with the < PROPMALE > Henson Company ! Dreams really do come true . 
Freaked out a little today as my computer kept kernel panicking and then beeping at me . Luckily it was just bad ram . Back up back up back up ! 
Opening night tonight ! Disneyland tomorrow ! 
It's good to see family and just relax . But now it's back to work . 
Tired of thinking . 
Know what sucks ? Locking yourself out of your car at school , taking the bus back to your apartment to pay someone $25 to open your apt door to get your spare car key , busing back to school to unlock your car so you can drive back and lock your apt door again . Yep , it was a fun day . 
Laundry Day 
Finally finished my last project of my second year of grad school . And I can still get 3 hours of sleep before getting up for work . The question is , is it worth it ? 
2nd year of grad school DONE ! 
Excited to start my first day at the < PROPMALE > Henson Company ! 
First day couldn't even be called work . Watched archival footage the whole time . 
Trying to organize my life 
Anyone want to go to Disneyland this Sunday with my roommate and me ? 
Another great day at Disneyland yesterday . Now back to the < PROPMALE > Henson Company ! 
Another glorious day at the < PROPMALE > Henson Company . Traffic was good , I have my banana < PROPFEMALE > coffee bean drink , and the weather isn't hot . Life doesn't get any better than this . 
Ugh . Why allergies ? Why ! 
Toy Story 3 today ! Wooo ! 
Everyone , go and see Toy Story 3 . You won't be disappointed ! 
SIM school is blowing my mind , but I'm slowly scraping back the pieces into a usable brain . Last day , wooo ! 
Dropped my roommate off at the airport . I hope she makes it back to Italy safely . 
Going to PCPA tomorrow . So excited ! 
Great but long day up at PCPA yesterday . Today , errands and packing to go home for a few days . 
Off to MN til the 7th . Probably won't have internet while I'm camping so text or call if you want to chat . 
I'm feeling the love and back off to CA . But first a little chinese buffet ! 
Sometimes if feels good to stay in your pajamas all day . 
I have a new nephew , < PROPMALE > , born 10 days early ! 
Bad traffic ! No treat for you . 
Going to see World of Color at Disneyland tonight . So excited ! 
Why does Ralphs always recall foods after I've eaten them ? 
I'm thinking Disneyland today . 
World of Color was even better the second time I saw it ! Blue section is definitely the way to go . 
Mmmmm pasta carbonara . 
Got an A on my first test since undergrad ! 
Just got done watching four movies in a row with some friends . Why do I let people talk me into this stuff ? I hope I can stay awake for the sermon today . 
dying just a little . Need more sleep . 
I survived Into the Woods ! On to my thesis . . . 
Ahh , a non-stressful day of cooking and laundry . Maybe too much cooking . 
Who knew making lefse would take so long ! Wanted to make a small batch to test . Recipe said 9 . Had to stop after 15 and still have a plate full . If they just didn't stick so much when I'm trying to roll them out . 
I'm finally going to see < PROPMALE > Potter tomorrow with some friends ! Anyone who wants to join us is welcome . 
I need to go to Disneyland in the near future . Anyone in the mood ? 
Oh joyous , joyous day ! Passed musical theatre history class , having lunch with my former < PROPMALE > Henson Company bosses , and seeing a taping of the Big Bang Theory tonight ! 
Goodbye rain and hello snow ! 
Got healthy just in time for class tomorrow 
tech , tech , tech , tech , tech , tech , tech , tech . 
I MADE IT ! Thesis Show DONE ! 
Feels so good to be sitting at home and not in a rehearsal , or tech , or anything to do with school . I will now watch a movie , eat my chicken dinner , and drink my Mellow Yellow with my fluffy slippers on . Doesn't get much better than this . 
Cleaned the apartment all day ! I now deserve my sloth . 
Disneyland for class was amazing ! But my feet are still hurting . 
