anybody got publishing contacts ? 

I miss my Nat . Tired of trying to forget . 
Comic relief - telling people about any of the seven times you got struck by lightning . 
Supposed to use a profile pic of a celeb you've been likened to this week . I prefer Hetfield to Dog . 
I'm not a morning person . But that's when I get my best thinking done . 
Ok , we're rockin ' now . 
Just got a call from < PROPFEMALE > that I so needed ! 
Serious block going on . I need to mow the lawn and kiss < PROPFEMALE > . 
< PROPMALE > HAS ARRIVED ! 
I just saw a proof for why 1+1 = 2 . I feel nauseus . 
I miss my < PROPFEMALE > . 
Watching a movie - Everlasting Moments 
Aha !!! I was right about the proof in Principia Mathematica and I'm not even a mathematician ! A quote from two math professors discussing it - \the view of mathematics set forth in Principia Mathematica is irrelevant to the working mathematician . \ " The Philosophy of Integrity wins again . " 
Einstein explained that he believed scientific work best proceeds from an examination of physical reality and a search for underlying axioms , with consistent explanations that apply in all instances and avoid contradicting each other . He also recommended theories with visualizable results . 
What does it say about you when you don't care if your reasoning doesn't add up ? 
The Facebook episode of South Park was a blast . Those guys have radar for stupid things we do . 
If anyone has any copy of the first draft of SBJ please delete or trash it . It's obsolete now and too late for commentary . 
The relationship at the origin of all culture , of every virtue , of every nobler aspect of existence is that between mother and child ; it operates in a world of violence as the principle of love , of union , of peace ... the woman learns ... to extend her loving care beyond the limits of ego to another creature ... The idea of motherhood produces a sense of universal fraternity among all men .... -JJ Bachofen-Das Mutterecht 
Cheeseburger Doritos are amazing ! 
Absolutely gorgeous June day here in Phoenix . 
Too cool , even if nobody gets it - The structure of reality shows us why ethics has been so slippery : it is a subcategory of ontology , and until WHAT IS is understood , WHAT IS GOOD would not be known . Ha . Gonna take a long time to get this smile off . 
It is better to be a human being dissatisfied than a pig satisfied ; better to be Socrates\ 
dissatisfied than a fool satisfied . And if the fool , or the pig , are of\ 
a different opinion , it is because they only know their own side of the\ 
question . - J.S. Mill 
Lay down for an afternoon nap , wake up the next day .... 
Why do women find narcissism in men to be attractive , only to whine about them after they get them ? ( ALL women , not any one in particular . ) 
Just placed the earth tilting crown . Incredible to see it in print . 
Hanks . Big . What a great movie . 
Life's too short to spend one more moment being angry or in a hurry . Sorry I've been so slow learning that . 
Seen more accidents in the last two weeks than the rest of the year put together . 
I'm a professional dancer . My partner has 18 feet and crushes things with the slightest misstep . 
Big news - New county attorney < PROPMALE > Romley reviewed < PROPFEMALE>'s case for an hour and dismissed the murder charge completely . A 3 part New Times story is supposed to start this week . 
Setting AZ legal history - First capital case to be granted bail , and as of yesterday , first capital case to be dismissed with prejudice ( against the prosecution ) . So ready for this ride to end . 
Today is Friday . It's a workday isn't it ? Why is everyone on here ? ( exceptions for the unemployed ) 
Nothing like standing barefoot on hot , wet concrete while the cool rain soaks you . Except Havasupai . 
\I think older men really are where it's at 
We live wanting to believe that we would gives our lives for the truth if the occasion required it , but hoping that we never are in such a situation . What we should be doing is everything we can to find that situation . 
Hope is a motivator , a carrot , a crutch . You don't need it to do what comes naturally , you need it for what seems impossible . 
Ahhh , the beautiful clarity of mind and purpose that causes one to leap up in the morning .... 
Horror is the experience of that which has no reason . Having utter randomness come into your life is traumatic and the source of all fear . 
If the military has learned how to counter man's nature against killing - from 15% in WWII to 90% in Viet < PROPFEMALE > , shouldn't we be able to help his nature to empathize by some small percent ? 10% increase in turning the other cheek could shut the reactor down . Can we do that just once today ? 
What then is the highest good ? The one that we subordinate all others to ? One that will not cause pathetically weakening internal conflict , but will allow us to stand iron strong ? \ 
Identification with others . The intent to understand another person , even if they appear to be a monster . It's hard to admit that our monsters are not all evil , maybe just weak . But it sure feels good to unload all that hatred . 
The fact is that a man who wants to act virtuously in every way necessarily comes to grief among so many who are not virtuous . - Niccolo Machiavelli 
I do so love being a non-conformist . Even among non-conformists . 
Seven Pounds . New favorite movie . Well , top 5 anyway . 
It’s a sad paradigm in which one measures his accomplishments by his education rather than by his contributions . No one cares what you know until they know that you care . 
Humility does not mean thinking you are stupid ! 
Pro-evolution , anti-eugenics ... bit of a contradiction ? 
< PROPMALE > hail storm twice in one day ! hmm time to check the email ... 
Love is metaphysical gravity . \ 
R . Buckminster Fuller 
Even the silliest woman can control an intelligent man , but not even the sharpest of women can keep a fool . 
It is extremely unfortunate how many , if given the choice between air and the truth , will pick air . Worse yet is how many will settle for < PROPFEMALE > . 
I AM a badass . I went for an interview with the IRS today . 
Argue for your limitations and sure enough , they're yours . - Bach\ 
Whether you think you can or that you can't , you're right . - Ford 
On the good side , I was told twice this weekend that the Introduction was the best they'd ever read in any book . 
Research question , maybe tough if you've always lived in a full house - You live alone . How do you feel when people don't respond to you ? Don't return phone calls or texts , no comments . Is this insignificant ? 
Research\ 
question continued , no insinuations intended - You \ 
live alone . How do you feel when people don't respond to you ? Don't \ 
return phone calls or texts , no comments . Is this insignificant ? 
Feeling seriously anti-commerce this season . Happy to say that no store got anything from me today . 
Life's a lot better once you've made up your mind . 
Wow ! Maxed out my memo recorder in one night . A little depression does wonders for my productivity ! 
Discipline is not in learning to restrain yourself from what you like , it’s in learning to like things that do not need restraint . 
Another perfect day in Arizona . 
Whether you think you can , or whether you think you can't , you're right ! 
Wow . Sudden death syndrome . Tell me your thoughts can't kill you . 
\Now you can experience real flight with ProFlightSimulator ! \ " Does anyone else have a problem with this sentence ? " 
