is about to die of boredom . Give me something to do plzzzzz 

about to watch some spongebob .... yeaaah ! 
Free high fives ! get em here ! 
about to go play golf at north creek with my dad 
-.- 
I like the rain -.- 
I dont know what to do now that homecomings over .... i feel empty 
Bored out of mah mind 
Im ready to beat down center hill and others . 
*** TSKB *** 
goodnight all 
Stoked for the vanderbilt contest w00t 
Just wish I could sign up for the fall festival video game tournament ftw , no band practice pwns 
Me gusta Sacudir pron abajo . 
Spent ALL DAY ............. WORKING ..... IN A CONCESSION STAND . 
Aidans not gay . 
Finally finished typing that paper for Computer FTW YESH 
Watching the Office 
Soooo .... the Lost premeire is on today .. and it's the last season . :( 
Watching Lost on XBL and eagerly awaiting kickoff . 
playing drums 
Already has to do my homework . this sux 
Craigslist .... is .... awesome .... 
T-Mobile sucks eggs . 
Tried to shut down grays computer in the lab .. didnt work . they made it to where you have to enter a password to enter a password . 
The cat's in the cradle with the Silver Spoon , with little Boy Blue and the Man in the < PROPFEMALE > . 
Goin paintballin saturday . txt meh if you want to come 
TGD owns . 
Tomorrow will own . 
< PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland later today and chillax until that comes . 
Today = win . Next Monday = win . Next Monday morning = win . Smiley Faces = :D . 
There's on opossum in my yard . 
Watchin the office in the hotel ! Best trip ever . 
Disney World really is the happiest place on earth . 
Band banquet ? 
Well , a lot of things happened today . Got stung by a wasp , Mr. < PROPFIRST > dropped the bomb , and other things . But I guess I need to have hope for next year . 
See you cats on the flip flop laterrrr . 
Watching the survivor finale 
Well ... that's not what I was suspecting from the Lost finale ... but it was good . 
I be going to Kyoto . |: | > 
Not . 
Goin to play golf 
Watching the greatest freakout videos ... haha ..... 
Deciding whether i should start mowing other peoples yards so i can get a Rail or settle for an SLG 
Hates when people don't answer texts . 
Prototype is the best . 
Playin Smash Bros . N64 . 
Ordered my SLG four days ago and it hasn't even started to ship . Bush . 
Just found all my old N64 games . Just need a n64 controller ! 
Today was freakin ' amazing . 
Just re-ordered my SLG . Never order from the actual Proto site . 
Trumpet Sectional from 10-12 tomorrow . 
Just watched Zoolander . It had its funny parts and was a little weird . 
Just finished 6 hours of yardwork . 
My SLG finally shipped !! 
Can't wait for Halo Reach to come out . 
Hates fire ants . 
Bleh 
Is cooking . 
Just got his new SLG and needs to gas it up ! :D 
Woah i forgot it had PSP mode ... 
Call of Duty : MW2 is a game made specifically for n00bs and \crowd followers \"." 
Anyone going to chf this weekend ? 
What nationality is Serj Tankian ? 
I loves my new gun 
Is anyone going paintballin this weekend 
Cookie burgers and Banana nut chocloate chip mayonnaise bread ! 
Skate 2 is amazing . 
\This definitely tickles my fancy . \"" 
Now loves the following games : Half Life 2 , Fallout 3 , and Dragon Age . 
More summer plox :P 
Can now base pedal like no ones business . 
Can now bass * pedal like no ones business . 
I nearly have all the supplies to make my ghillie suit . 
Has been unraveling burlap for the past hour . 
\See you cats on the flip-flop laterrr . \"" 
http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?pid=1195278&id=1617532527&ref=notif&notif_t=photo_reply# 
Can't wait to meet this person :D 
Going to play golf ;D 
School pictures today ! Yay . 
Yesterday , before the football game , White Band A.K.A. Shaft Band went to McDonalds and had some fun times . This includes obtaining a demonic red riding hood doll and tying her to the wheel of the bus . She stayed there until we got home . 
Loves Composure . 
Todos son mis esclavos . 
Has had a pretty good day so far . :D 
It's competition day , and I'm pretty excited ! We will do well .. or else ... 
So , I'm going to be < PROPFIRST > Mercer for Tuesday . It's going to be boss . 
Yesterday was pretty much the best :D 
I now have a congo drum haha :D 
Its October !!!!! 
\Holy Crap ! My attic is soooo dusty . \"" 
Super electric yes mom ! 
Is playing his acoustic guitar , and thinking about today's events . 
Is watching Marble Hornets . :D 
I are at Crackabarrel :D 
Someone hit me up with some plans for tonight ! 
That's right . I just created a < PROPFEMALE > for the Trumpet section . 
I wonder what I could be for Halloween . :D 
I bet I could be Pyramid Head for Halloween hahaha :D 
Today was pretty amazing . Awesome room assignments , funniest prank call ever .. yeeeahhh :D 
Shineh newish trumpet :D 
Its raining again ?! Good gosh . 
I have successfully carved a pumpkin :D 
Tonight was amazing :D 
Dragon Concourse ?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?! 
Haaaaaaa 
Grace is mean . She pushed me down :P 
Who do they never have Soy Sauce or Teryaki sauce by the fried rice at lunch ? Oh yeah , it's a school lunch . :P 
Where are my parents ?!?!?!? 
Today's going to be awesome :D 
\I got married to every girl there ! \"" 
This weekend has been truly amazing . Especially yesterday :D 
That party was the shiznit . 
I just heard a pew pew laser in the distance . 
I beez makin fried rice ! 
Woot ! New iPod touch and ghillie suit ! Hahah best Chridmuh < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Hahah you've been hacked by the bestest person ever ! :D 
It amazes me how some people have no discretion in the presence of God . How do these \people\ " live with themselves ? " 
I ar master of fawlout . 
Me llamo < PROPFIRST > Redfield . Me gusta matar los zombis y mis brazos son muscular . 
Hahahwhhw ! You have yet again been hacked by the greatest person ever ! Even though you hate me ... 
First mosquito bite . YESSSS . 
I don't know what to do with all this time ! 
Thank you , everyone , for the birthday wishes . I greatly appreciate them . 
