phone is broken . i can't dial out because i think my phone got wet . but i can recieve calls , hopefully i can get this fixed in the next couple of days . but if you need to get a hold of me please send me a message on facebook or call my roommate < PROPFEMALE > . 

yeah my phone started working again !!! 
doesn't want to go to work tomorrow !!! grr the weekend is never long enough :( 
is ready for everybody to get back to college station !!!!! :-( 
hey does anyone have a hardback copy of University Physics , it's the textbook that is used for physics 218 and 208 , that i could borrow or buy from them for next semester ??? I need it for my physics 221 class , and only have volume 2 , i got rid of volume 1 and would prefer not to buy a book that i already have half of ! 
was wondering if anyone had a hardback copy of University Physics , it's the textbook that is used for physics 218 and 208 , there are bridges on the front cover . I need to borrow a copy for next semster for my physics 221 class . i have the second volume that was used for 208 but not the first volume , and i didn't want to pay for a book when i have half of it . Just let me know !!! Thanks 
< PROPFEMALE > is done with finals !!!! Whoop ! 
is leaving for san < PROPFIRST > , sorry i'll post pics as soon as i get back ! 
i passed themo and electronics !!!! i'm so happy i don't have to take these classes ever again ! 
i spilt coffee on my phone so it is temperaroly out of service :( but if you need to get a hold of me then just send me a facebook message . 
is headed back to College Station in the morning !!!! 
loved bowling !!!! i got three strikes in a row ! how cool is that =) 
is so over school !!! i hate studying , why can't we just get 100's for just showing up for class . :( 
loves her new phone ! i can get on the internet with out a computer now . :) 
is having a really good day :) 
is bored ! it such a slow day at work :( 
misses college station and is ready to head back there . only a week and a half left of work and im free ! :) 
is so bored ! her 460 class just makes her want to fall asleep she cant understand a word her prof says :( 
had food poisoning ! tear tear this really sucks ! 
just cant win . she gets over the food poisoning only to catch a cold . she just cant win ! cant i just get a catch break ! :( 
wow i cant even write coherent sentences . haha 
is going to try and get a job at the career fair today . wish me luck ! 
hates her economics class . i have been studying for 2 days and i still feel like i dont understand anything . this was supossed to be my blow off class , look like i was really wrong about that :( 
is so ready for this week to be over . 
wants to just fastforward through the next few hours and have her homework be magicly done . starting homework is the hardest part it's not so bad once u start it , but you still have to sit down and begin before you can finish it ! 
dude i totally slept for almost ll hours . I totally went to bed at 8:30 last night , haha i'm such an old person ! 
Had a super long day . Spent 5 hrs working on solidworks for senior lab design . Solidworks is totally kicking my butt . Think im going to take the night off and try not do anything that require higher brain function . 
finally got a < PROPMALE > to relax yesterday ! I really need a break from school . 
has a ton of homework to get done today !!!! :-( 
i got my phone back !!!! im super excited , i really missed my full key board :) 
headed to < PROPMALE > for my interview wish me luck !!!! 
still hates solid works just as much as i did 2 weeks ago ! 
is super excited about going to u paint it on wednesday night !!! i can hardly wait for it to be wednesday :) 
has totally checked out for thanksgiving ! just has to make it through the next 3 hours and then she's free to start her thanksgiving break ! 
Is super excited about the Christmas Party on Friday , can't wait for all the good food , fun and friends . Now if i only didn't have that pesky final getting in the way Friday morning . Curse you finals , your totally interfering with my social life . lol ! 
T-minus 1 hour till my final ! can't wait for this to be over !!! 
TV , Scrapbooking , Sleeping in .... so much free time i don't know what to do with myself ! This is going to be a super relaxing Christmas break ! 
is coming down with a cold , how is it i manage to go almost the whole semester without getting sick , but right before Christmas i come down with a cold . =( 
my poor laptop , got the blue screen of death yesterday ! the geek squads trying to revive it ! hopefully my laptops not RIP ! we'll know in a couple of days if it survives or not . tear tear ! 
needs to start defensive driving in the morning . getting a ticket is such a hassle ! i am not looking forward to the next few days ! =( 
almost done with defensive driving ! Yay this tourture is almost over ! 
is headed back to college station tomorrow ! she is excited about going back to cs because she gets to see her friends but is sad about all the work she's going to have to do when she get there ! 
is so tried ! i hate this weather , it just makes me sleepy all the time ! I want the sun to come out =( 
omg ! i think that if the world ever had another ice age i would starve to death before venturing out in the cold to find food . It's so cold outside that i would rather stay indoors and be hungry than venture one building over to buy food ! hahaha 
today it totally one of those days that you just want to sit at home and listen to music and ignore all of the stuff that you have piled up to do ! to bad i can't just take a vacation from life for a few days ! lol ! 
was totally forced to race across campus from < PROPMALE > to koldus , in 15 minutes while eating Chinese food from Pr^2 with chopsticks while walking , in order to make a rescheduled interview that i was totally not dressed up for . Well at least i can't complain about my life is boring ! I probably looked like a crazy person as i shoved food into my mouth while practically running across campus ! 
Just finished 4 and 1/2 hours of < PROPFEMALE > prep material ! The sad part is that i still have almost another 4 hours to go before i'm finished just for the day . Is it pathetic if i got excited because the next section is over mostly laplace transforms , so i'm hoping that it's ok that my brain has turned to mush at this point because i should know these transforms by heart by this point ! Gawww i hate my life right now ! =( 
< PROPFIRST > Rodriguez is the coolest friend in the world .... he makes me laugh all the time :))) i also LOVEEEEEE Aggie Iv and our fundraiser team :)) 
omg ! totally couldn't sleep last night ! I kept having dreams about zombies infected with the T cell virus that were coming to eat me ! haha ! i think i should stay away from the resident evil moves for a while ! haha ! 
keeps having recurring stress dreams about graduation !!! i keep dreaming that the day before graduation i realize my adviser didn't submit the adjustment forms for my degree audit so i've been dropped as a degree candidate ! dude why can't this be over already so i can stop worrying about it ! =( 
totally got in my car only to find a spider hanging on its web really close to my face . So i grab the nearest weapon i could find which was a box of coffee creamer and beat the spider to death . Although ive decided i must have looked like an idiot to anybody passing by that saw me beating my passanger side window . Lol 
Is super excited about graduation on Friday , and now had a full time job lined up for after graduation =) 
Is trying to figure out her new smart phone although at the moment it looks like it is < PROPFEMALE > 0 smart phone 1 . I can't wait until I understand this dumb phone . 
Leaves for Europe tomorrow ! Is kinda nervous , wish me luck . I guess ill see u guys again in a month :-) 
Made it to london fine , am just a bit jet lagged but had a great time exploring London today . Tomorrow get to check out buckingham palace , big < PROPMALE > , the London tower , and maybe even the British history museum 
Can't wait for tomorrow , I'm looking forward to resting on the bus as we travel from London to < PROPFIRST > . Walking around London today wiped me out . 
Finally broke down and bought some starbucks coffee ! I couldn't stand that European espresso anymore . I miss American coffee so much , u have no idea ! 
Just made it to Rome , here for 2 days and then on to Greece :-) 
Made it to Greece and am enjoying some much needed rest while laying out on the beach . Trying not to get sunburned lol ! 
Getting ready to board the plane back to < PROPFEMALE > ! Yay 
I survived my first full week of work ! Yay 
Is planning on doing absolutely nothing tonight . I must have worn myself out because the idea of lounging around watching a movie sounds like heaven ! :-) 
I have internet and cable tv again !!! I'm super excited no more using the cell phone to internet surf 
Is so sleepy ! I'm already on my 3rd cup of coffee and its not even 9 am . On top of that I still feel like I'm walking around like a half conscious zombie . 
just went and saw the new Captain < PROPFEMALE > movie and it was freaking awesome . I think it was the best movie I've seen in along time ! 
Is now officially moved out of her apartment in CS . I can't believe that i will no longer be living in CS after today . It's hard not to get nostalgic about my time here in CS . I''m definitely going to miss it here , but i guess that's part of growing up . LOL 
Must be in an angsty mood I just spent the last 2 hours listening to the new < PROPFIRST > Swift album . Haha ! Her music is so juvenile but totally addictive ! 
Just got her new dvd stand and toaster for her apartment ! I'm super excited , i can finally make toast again and am on step closer to getting her apartment organized ! haha what can i say I'm easily excited about the little things in life ! =) 
Just had the funniest thought ! I was watching Beauty and the Beast and was wondering what the beasts actual name was . Obviously < PROPFEMALE > wouldn't call him the beast after he turned back into a human . HAHA ! And then i started thinking it would be so funny if the beast has some lame name that wasn't really all that scary ! LOL just thought i would share =) 
I should know better than to go into Hobby Lobby or Michaels by now ! I can't ever seem to make it out of there without spending an exorbitant amount of money on stickers for my scrapbook ! lol I went out in search of dresser knobs at target and decided to pop on over to Micheals just took look around , i didn't escape the store before i had spent about $30 on stickers for my Europe scrapbook . lol i need to learn some self control . =-) 
Just paid for my first movie ticket at a theater in < PROPMALE > . Dude it was 10 dollars . Paying 4 dollars for a movie in cs is looking good now !!! 
I'm freezing to death in my new cubicle at work . I think I need to start bringing a jacket so I'm not so cold all the time . I'm having to use my coffee cup to warm up my hands . Lol this is ridiculous ! 
Wants to go watch Wicked ! I'm sitting around listening to the soundtrack , and the music is amazing as always :-) 
Is so exhausted . Its not even 8:30 and I'm on my 4 cup of coffee and still can't seem to wake up . Gaw its going to be a long week ! 
Now has a set of my own personal business cards . Man I feel like such an adult ! Now if I only had people to give the cards too . Lol 
Boo ! Was super excited about watching the a&m game tonight but my cable doesn't get FSN . Looks like I won't be watching the game tonight :-( 
Forgot to set my alarm last night and woke up at 6:40 this morning to bad I was supossed to be a work at 7 . although I now know I can make it out the door in 6 minutes flat . Amazingly I still made it to work by 7 am . Yaya ! 
Had an interesting night , for off of work only to drive home as a massive wildfire burned a few blocks away . With in the hour had to evacuate to my cousins house for the night . Thankfully the fire seems to be under control now and my apartment should be ok !!! Thank goodness 
had a blast this weekend and misses cs already ! To bad I had to come back to the real world where there is work and bills to pay . It was so hard getting out of bed this morning and going to work ! 
It's going to be a long day ! I'm already on my third cup of coffee and had to go downstairs and get breakfast in an attempt to wake up ! Hopefully it works :-) 
Boo ! this morning my car was making funny noises when I got to work and realized I had a flat tire ! So now I have to spend my lunch break getting new tires . Cross your fingers it doesn't take too long and its not to expensive ! 
Haha is it pathetic if I am already sitting at my desk at work planning/day dreaming about the Christmas Party my friends and I have in December ? Too bad its still September I want the holidays be be here already :-) 
Watching a storm brew on the horizon . I love watching lightning flash across the sky and the hearing the rain beat down on the ground from my balcony . 
Boo ! Just realized the coffee at work keeps giving me heartburn . Man that really makes me not want to know what they put in that stuff . Too bad that means I'm going to have to find another way to stay awake at work . 
I'm buried up to my eyeballs in paperwork ! To bad that means ill be spending my off Friday at work so I can attempt to not drowned on Monday in the mountain of paperwork on my desk . 
I finally came up with a name for my new kitten ! It's name is going to be < PROPMALE > . What do u guys think ? 
Somehow managed to turn my alarm off this morning and didn't wake up till 10 minutes before I was supossed to walk out the door . That means no coffee this morning . I can't wake up now I need caffeine :-( 
I think I need to invest in a pair of cowboy boots and some plad shirts cause I think that country dancing might be one of my new favorite things to do :-) 
I can't wait for it to be Friday . I'm really excited about going back to cs !!!!!! 
Oh my goodness Benadryl is like a miracle drug ! I took 2 last night and not only did it stop my allergic reaction but it knocked me out . I slept like a comatose person . I couldn't beliveve it but I got almost 9 hours of sleep last night . Yaya ! 
Listening to \on and on\ " by Chasen its cool how God can remind u that he's in control with just a simple song :-) " 
Omg these mosquitoes are eating me alive ! I counted and I have over 30 bites on just my legs alone ! Why can't they go away and find someone else to attack :-( 
Had a blast in college station this weekend . wish I could have stayed longer but its back to the real world . Can't wait till I get to go back :-) 
In training for the second day in a row so now I've been forced to find creative ways to keep myself awake ! Otherwise I'm going to laps into a mini coma 
Haha I must be more tired than I thought . cause I just opened my fridge and found a bag of cheetos sitting on the top shelf . They definitely were supossed to be in the pantry not the fridge 
Haha reading a book about how to take care of your cat I got from my vet . Although the pictures crack me up because most of cats look like they are being tortured not groomed . Especially the long hair cats , lol to me they just look really angry all the time Haha 
Greece sing along at the miller outdoor theater in < PROPMALE > . To cool ! There is always something awesome going on in town :-) 
Literally spent 12 hours working at my office today ! I'm so tired :-( 
Wish it was Thanksgiving already ! 
Came home only to find out that my cat had managed to pull over my lamp and wrap one of his toys to the table that holds up my TV . Apparently his collar got got tangled and he had to slip his collar so that he could extract himself from the table . poor thing =( 
Totally started listening to Christmas music today even though we aren't half way thru November . Too early ? Lol 
Does anybody know if cowboy boots run a size bigger than normal shoes or a size smaller ? I'm a 10.5 in normal shoes and I was wondering if I could fit in an a size 10 or if I needed to get the 11 . 
Going to the midnight premier of breaking < PROPFEMALE > even though I have to get up at 6 the next day to go to work . Am I crazy ? I am beginning to think so . Haha I'm getting to old for this :-) 
Country dancing at the hall in college station ! Whoop !!!!! 
So the torrential down pour this morning totally cleaned all the dirt of my car ! Score ! it was like a free car wash :-) 
