First day of classes has come and gone . Now it's on to the homework . 

This could be fun .... IF YOU READ THIS ( even if we don't speak often ) post a comment with a memory of you and I . It can be anything you want , either good or bad . ;) When you're finished , post this paragraph on your own status and you'll be surprised at wha 
Yet another Sunday . 
Ya no hay suenos de verdad si no se tiene < PROPFEMALE > . 
OH YEAH ! I have the highest scores in the class for two classes that I have !! 
Doing my D&C homework due tomorrow . 
Okay so it's late and I'm bored so I am doing some quizzes . Oh well . 
Yeah it's Friday , and I am done with homework for the day ! Anyone want to do something ? Let me know if you do . 
Watching Burn Notice . Really good show I recommend it to all of you . It's got action , drama , and comedy . What beats that ? 
It's a Saturday . A day for fun and studying . mer . 
Yet another manic Monday . So much to do . 
Yeah ! I received an A on my midterm ! Si ! Saque < PROPFEMALE > 10 en mi examen ! 
Nothing like two hours of Basketball , followed by some cold water and a nice relaxing shower . Now time for Burn Notice and then bed . 
Cleaning and laundry day . Porque debemos limpiar y tener mas < PROPMALE > espiritu aqui en casa . 
is finishing a paper for History 201 . One more < PROPFEMALE > to go . 
Sweet bliss of being done with homework . And tomorrow I have NONE !!!!! 
Glad I'm done with most things for the week . It's a really good day ! 
Done with homework for the weekend . :) 
Good quote I just heard today , goes like this \The fish is the last one to find out about water . \ " Bro . Dyer . Good quote . Ponder on it for a while . In short it has been a really good evening . " 
Yet another Saturday . What to do ...? 
Talking with friends online in two different countries and languages , is hard to do but fun . 
Still feeling a little sick , but getting better . Hope I don't get worse . 
Okay pretty sick , and mad that Mexico beat the USA in soccer . mer ya me duele la cabeza por cuasa de esa perdida . 
Been a long day of tests and little sleep . Now I can rest . 
Classes 4 hours , homework 1-2 hours , then a nice long nap . 
Yeah for the weekend . I have a lot of reading to do now . Bring on the books . 
Sabado bendito , que bueno . Pobrecito soy porque tengo que hacer mi tarea . 
That was a good < PROPMALE > activity . Dunk Tanks are fun ! 
Just got home from church and I am starving !!!! TENGO MUCHISIMO HAMBRE !! 
Reading up on Genghis Khan . Quite an interesting historical character . 
Escuchando a los himnos en espanol . 
Enjoyed hiking the Y , and now onto reading more about the Mongols . 
Only a couple more days of classes . Crazy ! 
Finally its Friday . Bring on the weekend ! 
It's a Friday night . Which DVD should we watch now . 
Feeling tired , and a bit sore , but over all feeling good . 
Another good Sunday , come and gone . 
Last day of classes . Bring on the studying and eventual finals . 
Studying for finals . 
Still studying . Nothing like trying to remember and cram a whole semester worth of knowledge into your brain . 
2 exams down , one more to go . Oh yeah . 
DONE WITH FINALS !!!!!! Now on to packing and cleaning . 
Just finished Taken , and now were are watching the first Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles . Nothing like movie night . 
Cleaning the apt . 
Done cleaning and packing . finally . 
Back at home . :) 
Reading < PROPFEMALE > Eyre . Told you I would , and you know who you are . 
Nice night of swimming and fun . Let the games continue . 
OH YEAH ! GO BYU !!!! 
I love waking up to snow on the mountain tops . Now if only it would arrive on the valley floor sometime soon . 
Being sick is no fun . I have three midterms this week and a paper due . I can't be sick right now . Good thing I already took work off and that the worst should be over . 
Woke up feeling amazing today . Thank goodness for medicine and blessings . 
Off to take my math midterm . Wish me luck . Hopefully I don't fail . 
I did decent on my test , now all I have is some homework and then work . The night is still young for me . 
Can anyone else believe that morning comes so quickly ? At least it's going to be a good day . 
One midterm down , only one more to go for today . Three more hours to study for it . Who knew ballet could be so complicated to remember ? This is what I get for never being a huge fan of the dancing arts . Freaking Humanities . 
Okay so out of my two midterms I had today I scored a B in History 202 , and an A- in Humanities . Now it's time for a nap before heading to work at 9:30 pm . Good evening all and sweet dreams . 
Okay , so you know that you slept well when you go to bed early on Friday night and you wake up at 7:30 am on Saturday morning with out an alarm . Guess I could always read or something . 
Okay , so what's the best present for a Monday morning ? Waking up to find emails that say class in canceled in your inbox from your teachers . Just simply awesome . 
Reviewing for a math midterm . No fun . 
Spent two days studying my brains out and stressing over my Math midterm , and I actually pulled a B+ . Now on to that 16 credit Spanish exam I have tomorrow . 
Long day , but a great night . 
4 hours , two classes , one quiz , and one Spanish midterm to go till I can fully enjoy the weekend . Bring it on . 
Everything done for the week , now bring on the Friday . Anyone want to come over and start the weekend ? 
52-0 . Go BYU !!! I can't wait for the Utah game ! 
You know how there's an easy button in those Staples commercials , I want one of those for school . 
History 202 quiz tomorrow = more reading to do . But I like reading , so that's okay . 
Most human beings have an almost infinite capacity for taking things for granted . 
Yet another day of school . Bring it on . 
Loves the beautiful fall weather , leaves everywhere , crisp but not cold , but since this isn't back East and fall doesn't stick around , can it just snow already ! 
Trying to get my winter 2010 schedule to work is so aggravating !!!! 
What a picturesque morning ! The mountains covered in freshly fallen snow , the bright sunshine hitting the peaks as they escape the tops of the cloud bank .... Just beautiful . 
Finally some valley snow ! I love it ! 
Off to take my Hum 101 test . Here we go again . 
A B on my midterm not bad . Now onto more homework . Triste espanol . Como quiero a no hacerla . 
One of the coolest things in the category of astronomy happened tonight and I missed it because I was working . THAT SUCKS !!! 
One of the coolest things in the category of astronomy happened tonight and I missed it because I was working . THAT SUCKS !!! I would have loved to have seen that bolid meteor ! 
Three hours and my Friday starts . Is it bad that I never wake up wanting to go to school anymore ? Why can't it just be fun ? Maybe I should just stick to studying History . 
Okay Thanksgiving break has started and I earned a B+ on my 16 credit Spanish test . So far , it's been a good day . 
A good day indeed . BYU wins over Utah , in a hard fought game(on both sides ) , decorated the house , inside and out for Christmas , and currently working on making the apt a little more Christmasy . Feliz Navidad a todos . Ya no me importa si sea temprano . 
Off to take my Humanities test . Wish me luck . 
It's only 9am and already there's good news for the day . My Spanish 321 test has been moved to Thursday/Friday . Now I know that today is going to be a good day ! :) 
Oh snow why do you tempt me so . First I can play in you due to it being a Sunday , and then you go and melt on me . NOOO ! 
HOW ABOUT THEM JAZZ !!! Take that San < PROPFIRST > ! 
Nothing like pulling an all nighter to make sure you're ready for a Spanish 321 final and a Math 110 final . Is it bad that I can do this with no real problem at all ? Shouldn't I be tired and wanting sleep right now ? 
One more all nighter and then six hours of finals and I am done . History 202 won't be bad , but I am really not looking forward to my Math 110 final . Why do they require us to remember a bunch of math we will never use again . I'm even a physics < PROPMALE > and I will never use half of this stuff . Can't wait till it's all over . 
OVERRRRRRRRRRRR !!!!!!!!!!!!!! Finally , finals are done with . Now time to just relax and enjoy the Christmas season . 
Some warm homemade bread and beef stew , a bowl win for BYU over a Pac 10 team , and freshly fallen snow with it still snowing , what can be better than this ? 
There is nothing like walking up to a snow storm , and freshly fallen snow ! Sorry all you snow haters . :) 
Currently in < PROPFEMALE > , Utah . I must say it's a nice quaint little town . I love being able to see the stars ! 
Utah History tour done . Will post all the photos tomorrow . Good night for now world . 
SNOW !!! Nothing like sleding in the snow especially when it is perfect for speed , making bumps , and having snow ball fights ! 
I wish we were getting all the snow the DC area is . Over 2 ft !! 
Off to the < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > with family . 
Is really sick of school , and am hating that I have to spend a second entire day studying for my history midterms . 
History Midterms here I come . I have never been more freaked out by tests as I am right now . 
Alright BYU !! Finally we advance out of the first round ! Thank you < PROPFEMALE > for delaying dance class long enough that we could finish watching the game . 
Should be an exciting morning . Trig followed by the University Forum given by former astronaut < PROPFIRST > Lovell . Now if only the afternoon could be as good . 
Just a couple more weeks of school left . I can make it right ? 
So it's turning into one crazy night at work . Dumb welders filled the WSC with smoke smell then they set off the sprinklers in the bookstore basement . Now it's a rush to save as much merchendice and suck up as much water as possible . One interesting night 
Finally got all the water sucked up did as much as we could . It will still take awhile until everything is cleaned up though . Apparently the welders set off a fire in a circuit that then caught some stuff in the bookstore basement/ storage on fire . Then it took forever to find the right mane in order to shut the sprinklers off . We are so going to be here late . 
One more final and I am free for the summer . Come on Spanish , don't fail me now . 
Spring/Summer have officially started . Bring on the fun ! 
Off to work . 
Okay so another interesting night at work . Just after 3 AM we get a call from dispatch asking us to help clean up a flood coming from one of the engineering experiment labs on the fourth floor of the < PROPFIRST > building . We only clean up the flood on the fourth floor . Apparently the waters entered the other floor as well , at least to second floor ! Never a boring night working late night at the Wilk . 
It's snowing ! Are you kidding me ?! 
Pero , a fin de cuentas , ¿quién puede decir lo que es mejor ? No te reprimas por nadie y , cuando la < PROPFEMALE > llame a tu puerta , aprovecha la ocasión y sé feliz\ . Haruki Murakami " 
Should've gone to bed hours ago , but was reading < PROPMALE > Potter , then saw that the season premiers of Burn Notice and < PROPMALE > Pains were on Hulu . Oh well . :) 
I hate it when I fall asleep reading and wake up 8 hours later . GRRRR 
Really should stop reading and eating and just go to bed , but I can't stop now , it's just getting to the good part ! (The book not the food . haha ) 
Well the Mexico-South Africa game resulted in a tie . Come on Mexico ! What happened ? This definitively proves that it is going to be on interesting World Cup . Can't wait for USA -England tomorrow ! 
\The power of space is to raise our aspirations to those things that are possible if we will commit . \ " < PROPFIRST > Krantz " 
Go Switzerland ! Way to show those Gallegos that they don't own the World Cup ! 
Is happy his best friend is back to stay . 
So this is an idea I'm stealing from a friend of mine : Like my status and i will tell you one thing I like about you , a first impression , and something special about you . Enjoy . 
I went flying down a zipline off a 35ft tower into a pond tonight ! Sweet ! I honestly didn't think I would do it . :) 
I keep feeling like I am forgetting something but I don't know what it is . :( 
Muchas veces cuando nuestro plan para nuestras vidas nos falla , esto ocurre para que lleguemos a la mejor senda appropiada que Dios ve y sabe que es para nosotros . Aveces no me gusta esto , pero me da la fortaleza y habilidad a continuir y superar lo que viene . 
The < PROPMALE > FHE at Walsburg was way fun ! It was awesome meeting all the new people in the < PROPMALE > . Thanks again Brother Dunn ! Now it's off to work . 
Sent only $169.54 on books for school today . :) Now if only I knew how much my history books are going to be . 
Ready for a good Sunday afternoon . Nothing like an attack of nerves before you sing in church to make you appreciate the afternoon before work ! 
Back to the old routine and grindstone . First day of classes has come again ! 
SO SICK OF THE CALCULUS HOMEWORK I'VE BEEN DOING FOR THE LAST THREE HOURS !!!! AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH ! 
COME ON PITT ! BEAT THE UTES !!! 
For my lack of sleep I paid the vending machine more than a dollar in Coke , and Village Inn $11.95 for 3/4 of the < PROPFEMALE > Pecan Pie I ate . At least I already had the pie . 
Nothing like having a great Friday night to get your weekend started right ! 
LET'S GO COUGARS !!!! LET'S GO COUGARS !!!!! 
Nothing like an exciting Saturday night at home , with BYU and Real Salt Lake wins on the side ! 
Not a bad night at work after all . Bring on the Sun . 
One midterm down , one more tomorrow . It's a Spanish one , but why do I feel like I would rather take another Calculus test than the midterm for Span 345 ? 
STUPID Webwork . At least with Course Compass it told me were I was wrong . I think I'm done with Calculus for the day . Three hours with the same result . No more . 
Dear upstairs neighbors , \ 
Just becuase people in your apt can't hear your crazy loud alarm coming from your room at 8am doesn't mean those of us right below can't . Don't make me come up there and shove it down your skinny throat . \ 
Sincerely , \ 
Your late night working neighbor . 
Sleep where < PROPMALE > thou . 
Heading out to the Real vs FC < PROPFIRST > game . Should be a lot of fun . Let's go Real !!!! 
Nothing like spending your Friday in the campus library studying for a Spanish Civ midterm . At least it'll be over in a couple hours , then I can enjoy the weekend . :) 
Nothing like spending the wee morning hours walking home from work in the snow and then registering for classes . 15hrs next semester , for now anyway . Three Spanish classes and Two history . Fun fun fun . At least I got the really good professors . lol 
I'm not a huge fan of baseball , but congrats Giants on winning the world series . Now at least I can return to my normal fall programming on Fox , with all new episodes , which in truth is what most people wanted in this country . :) 
\With such dashingness comes great responsibility \"- < PROPFEMALE > Little " 
Off to ship his text books off to Amazon.com as they pay more than the ripped off prices the BYU Bookstore tries to make you swallow . 
To my Spanish 345 teacher , \ 
When I earn a B+ in your class and get a 100% on your final , I would like to have that B+ . No some stupid curve ruled B- . Thanks . 
If any of you ever hear that the book Fighting for American Manhood by Hoganson is good , don't believe it . It's only good as a catalyst for naps , and as a door stop . I could fall asleep right now if I didn't have to go to work . lol 
Up early doing homework in the Library . Atypical ? Not really . < PROPFEMALE > Little has made me a better student . :) 
Life , is an enigma . A perplexing series of events and memories that in the end is indeed all worth it . Just why does it always seem that when you have something figured out and plans made that it just doesn't want to be easy ? That or midterms just have me a little stressed and scared right now . 
Two midterms done , check . History paper finally done , check . Federal tax return received , check . TGIF , oh yeah . One more class and I can officially enjoy my weekend . 
Oh Monday Monday .... 
Oh easy button where < PROPMALE > thou ? lol :) Staples lies !!! 
Spanish Phonetics sucks . Yet another mid term , yet more things that just refuse to stay in my head . 
Phonetics test wasn't too bad . One midterm down , just one more midterm and a book review for history and then it'll be the weekend . :) 
One midterm and four classes away from a three day weekend . Hopefully the midterm isn't too bad . Right now I am not liking Spanish Linguistics . 
Love you and miss Granddaddy . <3 
It's Friday !!! Oh yeah !. Though it will definitely seem that March Madness will not be conducive to my weekend . 
GO BUTLER !!! Way to show Pitt ! Now if only < PROPFEMALE > could've held in longer against SDSU . And GO COUGARS GO !!!! 
2 finals down , one with a really greatly written essay if I say so myself . 2 more to go . 
Very grateful right now for Skype , and the love of a wonderful woman . :) 
Wow , if Canadians can elect a majority government anyone can . Nice job Canada nice job . :) Let this be a lesson to all , don't tick off your constituents . 
I'm giving up on pro anything . No one I seem to cheer for ever wins . haha . Sorry Capitals , but you've dashed my hockey dreams for the last time . 
