back to bed .. happy 2010 everyone ! 

american pie college night !!! i love hungover movie nights : ) 
And Hey sweetie Well i need you here tonight And i know that you dont wanna be leaving me Yeah you want it but i cant help it I just feel complete when you're by my side 
uhh yet another bad mood . i gotta stop letting things get to me . 
going to get nicoles tattoo and hopefully figure out what i want pierced . or another tattoo ? i cant decide ! 
St peters picnic then grad parties !! tonight shouldnt end if i dont want it to ! 
where is my dumb cousin ? 
concluding work for four more hours might suck ! but once i get off ... bed sounds nice for sure ! 
face is burntt ! ready for next weekend already ! 
love my bitches ! 
Club Fit closeout today !!! If any of you bitches need memberships go up there and tell < PROPFIRST > your friends with me ! he'll hook you up with some sort of deal ! 
at brigeys , slams again tonight ! 
power went off at work ... just grand ! thank god it was only for a moment ! 
so ... we get a call around midnight and all we can hear is .. GAVIN DeGRAW IS PLAYING BP IN OUR GARAGE ! aka bridgets garage ... we met and partied with < PROPMALE > degraw .. best 4th ever 
cant wait to < PROPFEMALE > out with my favorites ! 
uhh club fitness til 8 FML ! 
WORK ! cardinals day ! then who knows ? < PROPFEMALE > out with tate and < PROPFIRST > ? possibly , for now ... I CANT WAIT FOR OUR FLOAT ! 
FLOAT TRIP IN 2 DAYS ! so excited 
let this weekend bring many great things ! what to do tonight ? 
only a few more hours until i leave for the FLOAT TRIP ! 
babysitting but im ready for bed ! cant wait for all these pictures to be put up !! 
workk party is gunna be a blasty blast ANDD DENNN who knows ! 
cant wait for friday ! 
i love nuts in my face ! a bunch of them ! especially ones that are prowler or teens or snipes or the kings . and my religion is penis . 
NO WORK TODAY ! < PROPFEMALE > im gunna nap work out then < PROPFEMALE > out with all my favorite BFFS ! 
soo ... just a little more shopping hopefully i can finish today ! 
home from school ... clean out the rest of my room hopefully(finding weird ass shit from 4th grade ! ) workk and then who knows ? ready for friday !! 
has had the most stressfull week 
babysitting til late : ( at least ill be ballinn ! 
thinks she found a new favorite song but cant pick between the two ... she wolf or electric feel ! 
this is super boring ... one tree hill night , catching up on some shit finally AND cannot wait for the weekend , is it really only tuesday ? ohh boy 
( 352 ): I don't think ill make it tonight the floor wont let me walk 
headache outta this world .. its gonna be a long week ! who wants to go outta town this weekend ? 
tomorrow night blink 182 cannot wait ! i officially think curling up to pineapple express step brothers and i love you man will be coming near in my future ! 
mcgurks then blink with the ladies , oh how i feel like im in 8th grade again !! cant wait .. tomorrow shall be hell , i most likely wont even go to school ... hmm see you there tonight ! 
blink was great ... back to reality and waiting for the weekend 
GREAT HIGHFIVE !!!! did we just become best friends ? YEPP 
6 WEEKS TIL MY BDAY BABYYY , be prepared for a week long event ! 
CHINESE FOOD !!!! football game weekend off im so happy : ) 
feels like hell , hopefully swine didnt get the best of me : ( cant wait to get my tattoos !!! 
was really set on starting the workout regimen today ... not a good idea with a fever and < PROPMALE > cough im thinkin though : ( 
2nd day of no school 2nd day of sickness , blah im over this !!! 
off to the doctor finally !! just called into work , im gonna be broke .. on the plus side i update my ipod with about 500 songs !! 
anyone have the code for your computer to get sims deluxe edition back on ? ive been pretty bored the last few days 
FINALLY feeling like i have energy i will now work out to fit into the slutty halloween costume we purchased today !!! 
feelin pretty pumped today ... ready to get out and do somethin tonight ! 
from work to babysitting ... oh well makin money , ready to go out still though !! 
its really over you made your stand you got me cryin as was your plan but when my lonliness is through , im gonna find another you-John Mayer pure sexiness great vocalist love him 
ugh so annoyed with a million things right now . can nothing ever work out ? Ready for a vacation ! anyone down to go with me ? and why am i sacrificing being ice cold outside for a damn schmiggin wtf ? 
one tree hill/ gossip girl night and im makin some of my famous buffalo chicken dip !! cant wait ! for now dont gotta work til three 
studying for the ACT isnt exactly my forte ' so they would say . 
Chamber event at work tonight ! Pretty pumped , cant wait for the weekend though !! 
no one recorded my sons of anarchy !! AHH oh well ill find a way .. one day closer to the weekend tomorrow ! 
ohh how i love halloween ... 
sick again ? Really ? come on now damnit !! 
cant wait to be in my bed all snuggly ! 
really really wants to see paranormal activity ! 
Let life happen --- sammie hardy your my inspiration to tattoo 
home finally . think i may have an ear infection . bed time ? 
cant wait to feel better and get on some meds . not my best day ever someone come visit me ? 
( 816 ): I just Organized my jello shots by their colors in my mini fridge for the rest of the week . I'm going places in life . 
saw paranormal activity ... i really dont know what to think right now real or fake ?? i think real . 
hmm ... senior year is too stressful . 
ahh livin the lame life . tonight . Studying for the ACT going to the boys ' hockey game then bed : ) 
who's ready for just another FUNDAY SUNDAY ?? 
( 818 ): hahaha our party bus just died on the freeway and we're drinking in the center divider . i'm on the roof . i win 
ahh finally back into working out ... my goal to be -25lbs by graduation here i come !!! 
cant wait for friday night six flags !! who's down i need a partner in crime for the night 
has had a very productive day . done all her work , worked out , working now and next stop = off to CREEPYWORLD ! cant wait 
work then the WEEKEND ! 
happy haloweeny !! last night was fun so we shall repeat it : ) 
off to the gym ! and then clean .. so surprised im eligable to move today ! had a blast this weekend and so glad its only a 3day week this week 
LMFAO on November 20th cant wait !! who wants to go ? 
MIZ-ZOU this weekend !!! and its almost my birthday !!! 
happy birthday bff slammieeee 
I'd slap that shit just to piss him off ... hahahahaha im so glad this week has come ! 
skanks love eachother ... thats why we all love eachother .. im oh so glad its only friday !!!! 
forever long weekend .. full week of school this week then my brithday celebration !! yay cant wait ! 
amazzingg nap ! now im bored so ... someone lets go do something ! 
tell me what you know about dreamin dreamin tell me what you know bout nothin nothin tell me what you know about them night terrors every night -- kid cudi keeps my favorite person close to me 
thanks for all the birthday wishes !!! cant wait ill be on the beach in a month !!! 
loves senior skip day whether any seniors skipped or not . lisence bureau dos primos work . its been a succesful day i think . Cant wait to be on the beach !!! 
hmm ... gossip girl laundry and continue cleaning my room my life is so exciting sometimes 
( 804 ) i think the only time ive actually used geometry in my life was for beer pong .... off to bed still feeling sick another day of work then the weekend off ! maybe a tattoo on friday ? 
weird weekend ... next weekend lets be more calm : ) 
that really burns my toast 
I'll be just fine pretending I'm not I'm far from lonely And it's all that I’ve got 
just did my sisters hair . so ready for the weekend its already been a long ass week ! evn though i really dont have a weekend : ( 
really wants a snickerdoodle ... 
let me be the one who never leaves you all alone i hold my breath and lose the feeling im on my own hold me too tight stay by my side and let me be the one who calls you baby all the time 
i think ive decided on hair school next semester ... 
needs some retail therapy if only i had the money to buy the retail . skipping school today but i gotta call tspa and get things figured out hopefully and clean clean clean ! 
picking out senior pictures suck ! 
Digging my way through old music and photos ... ahh how i love to reminisce through the old times 
ready for a roadtrip ... whos down next weekend ? 
its 11 degrees and has yet to get colder ... i need a warm tropical place to move . who's going with me ? 
chicago sometime in december here i come !! anyone is welcome to join 
would love to know what the hell i am doing 
dear graduation , will you please hurry ? i absolutely cannot wait to be a hair stylist . Love , < PROPFEMALE > 
well since my computer thinks its from 1980 i cant open my files right and finish my paper .. ahh im gonna get bitched out so hard and then fail that class fml . at least tomorrows friday : ) 
feels like snuggling today : ) nap time 
ohh the weather outside is ... weather ! ohh i wish it was summer already 
BREAK : ) 
DONT WORRYY ... just drink a ROCKSTARRRR- < PROPFIRST > Hardy . Okay Okay ill get a rockstar- Me . No for real I will buy you that rockstar you need ! 
You put the clouds aside Illuminate the sky Through every dark and hazy night you are my guide 
painting my room today : ) then off to the mall for some good ole ' jam packed shopping . i know today will not end well but tonight will be great hopefully ! 
A wise girl kisses but doesn't love , listens but doesnt believe , and leaves before she is left . -Marilyn < PROPMALE > 
i already want another tattoo ... i can sense this is going to be a problem 
\Beneath the makeup and behind the smile I am just a girl who wishes for the world . \"" 
dear summer , will you please hurry ? 7 degree weather isnt my favorite , love < PROPFEMALE > 
off to work again .. tomorrow is miserable school BUT that means i only have one short semster left until im DONEE !! 
reaeeally wants to sled no matter how much i hate the cold ! 
basements finally comin together ! loves lazy days and goood company : ) 
i dont want to be < PROPMALE > , i just want to be wonderful : ) 
I might like you better babyy if we slept together babyy !!!! haha this weekend was pretty wonderful --- my new nickname is apparently Kwoww(niko and < PROPFIRST > ) ! 
wants to figure out exactly how i am to get onto badgirls club . gotta wait til im 21 ! 
( 864 ): you scanned your fake to get into the dorm last night and when the lady told you it was the wrong card you looked at her and said this is who i am thursday night 
Colts are goin to the bowl babyy . Off to Bdubs to watch the game then an intense night of bowling .. WOO ! 
my lazy weekend has been completed . yet somehow i still manage to be exaughsted ... 
But Darling , You are the only exception . 
I know somewhere deep in my soul that love never lasts .. 
If you can make a girl laugh , you can make her do anything ... 
so , umm .... what ?? 
And even if a hint of nonsense , has made us clearly concious We'll be the first ones to act 
it is official ... in a past life i was from the joisey shoree because tawlkin in a joisey accent will < PROPFEMALE > get old ! 
sooo glad its the weekend : ) time to destress 
weekend began wonderfully cant wait to see what tonight has in store !! 
who's down for a sunday fun day ?! 
i now declare this a free for all . whatever goes . whatever is said can or cannot be taken out of context , everything has been brought on and everything happens for a reason . My reason being i found out that < PROPFIRST > Smith is my best friend EVER ! 
the gym officially kicked my ass tonight . cant walk down my stairs to go to sleep ! 
urban dictionary is right on the money .. : ) 
ohh the things that make ya say hmm ...? 
weekend = SUCCESS ! next weekend = BIGGER SUCCESS . i love my friends : ) 
thats just not our style , we like the public much more . - < PROPFEMALE > As trashy as they both our ... we like to keep it classy . - me Idk about you but classy is my middle name ! Ohh and btw can we not have a replay of last night ? - < PROPFEMALE > ! 
\I'd rather regret the things that I have done than the things that I have not done . \"" 
woke up to get ready . fell asleep and TOTALLY missed the parade . heated ! im now off to soulard to enjoy a little bitof it at least ! 
May you live all the days of your life . 
bahh i hate this stupid snow ! ridiculous ! 
could summer come any slower ? geezo ! 
I sense a SURPRISEEE tonight : )) 
who's ready for next weekend already ? ME !!! last weekend was great and im ready for a replay ! 
wants free pankakes from ihop !!! 
dear float trip season ... where are you ? i need a mini vacay ! 
< PROPFEMALE > things do happen for a reason : ) WEEKENDDD 
ready for a new tattoo ! cant wait for next weekend already ! 
cramming in this paper . ahh my procastination leads me to think i am a total dumbass ! 
Guess who's ready to get out .. STILL !! THIS GIRL ISS ! cant wait 
time moves so slow when you want it to move so fast . Cant wait for June : ) 
( 203 ): spring break forecast : < PROPFEMALE > with a < PROPMALE > of shitshow 
sore throat ... check . cough ... check . usage of the medicine ... check . This weekends party ?... check . love life right now ! 
im thinking another round of jello shots is in order for wednesdays parade ! another weekend for the books ... 
is it odd i want mexican on st patricks day ?... nahh : ) 
work today . realllyyy craving my favorite dinner in the whole world ! tomorrows dinner ? 
dear high school , you can suck it becuase im sick of attending ! graduation is taking too long and im ready to be a hair stylist already . Love , < PROPFEMALE > : ) 
missed jerseylicious : ( 
float trips , concerts , pools , tans .. ohh summer why are you taking so long to get here !? 
is superrr tempted to lay out right now : ) eeee i love this weather !! 
its gonna be a longgg week : ( 
let me be the one to call you baby all the time -the used = my all time favorite : ) 
facial then shopping and lunch with my husseypants nighthawk and then hanging out with my wonderful boyfrannn : ) 
< PROPFEMALE > you will be missed . sorry i couldnt make it today or last night ! 
< PROPFEMALE > got < PROPFEMALE > bangs today shes the cutest thing in the world love my little yilly : ) 
i just wanna be on the river .. beer in hand , sunburn and lotsss of pictures and friends :) come on summer ! 
is < PROPFEMALE > ready to go swimming and bbq on this hot hot day ! who wants to join ? 
has a ton of shit to do today but doesnt feel too worried about it actually . we'll see if i get to it all : ) 
is a little bit blonder !! YAYY thats how i know summers on its way : ) 
a year already . miss you Gager : ( 
cramming in this paper in 2 hours : ( procratination will be the death of me . 
going back to bed . this week has been one tough one to take in . cant believe how crazy things are right now . 
sickness i hate you : ( cant wait for the sun to be out tomorrow : ) 
layout today ? i think so ! 
< PROPFEMALE > ready to go see nightmare on elm street with my wonderful boyfriendd : ) 
what you got boy , is hard to find .. i think about it all the timee : ) 
( 405 ): i did make 45 jello shots and that makes me feel more productive then any paper would 
cinco de mayo celebrated poolside ? i can handle that : ) 
i love my boyfriend : ) had an amazing family and drinking filled weekend !! 
wants to have a huge slip and slide party .. riggghhtt meow 
mcI mcLOVE mcYOU ! -- from the wonderful < PROPFIRST > : ) 
is finally getting hit with the fact that .. hey ! im graduating next saturday .. how odd ?! 
COMO bound and ready !!! : ) 
so satisfied with the weekend ... one more day then im FREEEE from FZN foreverrrr !! : ) 
slam : this is the life .... 20 minutes later , i know i already said it but this is the life . Ohhh how me and the girls enjoy layin poolside all day .. its the life !! 
officially graduated !!!! 
Summer , how i have waited for you for so long . THANK you for being here now if you would just let me get tan and not burn me everytime that'd be great thanks , < PROPFEMALE > 
I'm a blondie !!!!! 
weekend ! work and then hangin out with my love and his fam : ) 
como here we come : ) 
do i love you too much or not enough ? either way i love you ! 
To the world you are one person , but to one person you are the world 
circa survive bitchessss ! 
can't wait for tonight to get started !!! 
I love my boyfriend more than anything in this world . so glad I have my best friends 
watchin the < PROPFEMALE > and khloe marathon ... ready for < PROPFIRST > to be done fishing so I can < PROPFEMALE > out with my love ! 
work at 2 ! I'm ready for the weekend already ! 
you know your in love when reality is finally better than your dreams : ) 
confused about how some people think ... doesn't exactly make sense can't wait to be off and have the rest of the day with shawnie boy : ) 
facial then hopefully a six flags day ! 
FLOAT TRIP next weekend finally booked !!!! count it !!! $35 for everyone who's going ! 
grad party central tonight ! 
pissed off and over this drama bullshit . if it could be a perfect world I'd have who I want in my life and you all know who you are . love my girls and < PROPFIRST > : ) 
SOOO glad the fam is going on the float : ) it will be a blast ! cant wait for this week to be over ! 
could be your summer before senior and celebrating your big bad 17th birthday tomorrow . wish you were still here gager I know your watchin over us all 
dear weekend , I need you NOW what is taking you so long ? I need to see < PROPFIRST > lorenzen and < PROPFIRST > ASAP ! let the day begin loves I'm feeling productive today ! 
work clean my car , do some things for this weekend and hopefully by then shawns done fishing ! 
obsessed with fever < PROPFIRST > ! thank you < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
2 more hours til I'm havin elefun with everyone and leavin for the float in the morning with my loverface < PROPFEMALE > trav and everyone else can't wairt ! : ) 
Shawns getting off early so we can start driving sooner ! packing up the car and getting ready ! 
live every act fully , as if it were your last 
can't wait for next weekend already ! shawns off all weekend and hopefully going out of town ! just another amazing weekend with my lover : ) 
I'm in love ... with < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > : ) 
its july !!! last full month for everyone to be together until school starts and everyone goes away . : ( sooo glad its the 4th this weekend and we're still undecided as to what we're gonna do ! 
If God is the DJ , then Life is the dance floor ; Love is the rhythm , and You are the music . 
if only ...... last weekend and this weekend could be repeated all the time . i think we may arrange for that to happen : ) love my only face < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > lorenzen 
if I was < PROPFEMALE > spelling < PROPFIRST > would be my < PROPFIRST > : ) 
tout arrive une raison : ) 
what a good night ... dos with slam < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > then remember me with the parents now cuddling with my lover before bed : ) 
can't wait to see my love butt when I get off 
wish i could snuggle all day : ( 
5pm where are you ? I can't wait for you to arrive to I can be with shawny boy : ) 
< PROPMALE > and busters : ))) 
why is 6 o'clock taking forever : ( I miss my only face 
I can't wait to start hair school ! I've been waiting for the day for years now ! 
having a bit of panic attack ... or a full blown panic attack 
I don't wish to be everything to everyone , but I would like to be something to someone . 
< PROPFIRST > I must love you a whole lot to call you in my sleep ! can't wait for saturday but as for today , signing up for SCHOOL !! does anyone know how excited I am ? seriously freakin excited ! 
if you can make a girl laugh you can make her do anything ... 
lifes too short to sit back and watch ! that's why I'm with my loves ! 
can't stop sneezing : / sickness please just stay away for one week ! I have a lot planned this week and weekend ! 
inception tonight with the love of my life : D 
having dreams of camping this weekend ! i need it to hurry so i can be with all the best people ever ! 
this week is full of fun things ! tomorrow doing my sisters hair thursday < PROPFEMALE > and trav will be here and I get to do her hair and friday camping and floating with the families !! 
life is the < PROPMALE > of drawing without an eraser 
yayy for tonight and the rest of this weekend !!!! : ) 
It's not what you look at that matters , it's what you see 
: ( 
in that moment , we were infinite , we'll forever be infinite 
Never thought I would look forward to 615 in the morning ! 
Today seems like a paramore/cartel/sugarcult/all my old music day : ) 
life is so lonely without my lover : ( i miss hims 
Joiseyy shore tonight !!! 
Proof that your the reason I wake up everyday : ) 
Good luck to my sister < PROPFEMALE > today ! Hope everything goes well love you ! 
cant wait to be in columbia tomorrow night again with the best sister in law ever !! something to keep me busy hopefully we find ourselves something fun to get into ! 
Rockin shawns shirt , my hair back being a bookworm ... love it ! 
T minus 3 hours ill be on my way to hallsville ! Love weekends outta ofallon wish my loverface was coming though :( 
If you're a bird ... then I'm a bird-Notebook :) 
: ( ugh why did I do this 
really sad : ( 
Its like my boyfriend can read my mind and call to make everything better : ) 
< PROPFEMALE > excited for thursday : ) , snuggling finally and joisey shore !! 
Things I now need to save for ... new car , a vacation in november , VEGAS for lovers bday , and oh yeah and that thing they call a < PROPFEMALE > for me to become an amazing hair stylist : ) 
Wants to go on a random vacation somewhere just for a change of scenery 
six flags on sunday cards game on friday one last grad party next weekend ... then everyones leaving and school begins for me : ( 
Best day ever ! : ) sooo freaking happy for today ! 
Home til 2 then what to do ? 
Hospital then movies : ) 
Yayy bridgey and slam come home today ! Can't wait to get off work and six flags tomorrow ! 
Drink , drank , drunk .... I'm ready ! 
I swear my boyfriends narcaleptic with sleepapnia ! 
More flags more fun ! Funday sunday at six flags babyy ! 
So sick it hurts to walk . 
< PROPFEMALE > glad my boyfriend is here now .... hopefully I will start feeling better 
Needs a new car asap ! 
The time is always right to do something right 
Hopefully feeling better is in my near future ? 
Work then off to illinois with shawnie boy : ) 
Just wanted to say ... I have the best , hottest , sweetest boyfriend in the wholeeee world : ) and I love him ! 
Friday !! : ) off all weekend to < PROPFEMALE > out with some amazing friends and a wonderful boyfriend ! 
If you were 35 ... you'd look good for age ! Well , since I'm 18 I hope I look good for my age !! Lmao funniest most interesting weekend ever ! 
Wants this week to be over so I can find out what's in store for next week 
Kinda crabby : / definitely not my day . Ready to be off work already 
Baby I like it , the way you move on the floor ! Baby I like it , c'mon and give me some more ! Feelin good today can't wait to have the rest of the day off with my shawnie boy !! 
Is entirely ready to be off work and climb back in to bed and snuggle up with my shawnie boy 
needs something to do , sooo i guess ill get ready get my nails done and bring my stuff up to my school ! which starts in 3 weeks !!!!! holy moly i cant believe its happening ! 
Dear saturday morning at work .. why must you be so evil ? No computers , spilt soda and tired eyes ... ohh how I can't wait for 5pm 
Just doesn't understand how people who don't deserve things receive the things that people who DO deserve don't . :( funny how things work ... 
We finally left the house .. for ice cream ! We're bums ! 
You know , I've never let anyone drive my scooter before .... 
Doesn't know how to feel : / 
Is so excited for saturday with my amazing boyfriend < PROPFIRST > Lorenzen and one day sister in law < PROPFIRST > Lorenzen to see < PROPFIRST > Lawson , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > White && to go to see < PROPFEMALE > Sekyra ! im glad it took her moving to columbia for me to finally < PROPFEMALE > out with her !!! 
Kinda sad/pissed : ( 
This week is going slower than an 80 year old in a < PROPMALE > on the highway !! FML !! 
Feels AMAZINGGGG outside ... i think ill sit poolside with < PROPFIRST > Lorenzen on this gorgeous summer day . Why cant every day be like this : ) 
Its basically a friday for me ! Work , then shopping ! Cant wait to be outta O'fallon for the weekend ! 
Joiseeey shore with shawnie boy shananayy and dene ! 
Its finally fridayyy !!! After i pick up my yilly girl its time to celebrate < PROPFIRST > Lawson ' s birthday ! 
Hey umm , I love my shawnie boy !! 
I miss all my fulton people already !!! 
Why can't we have more weekends like last weekend ? Ready for 9 so I can be watching bad girls club with dene and then bed with my < PROPFIRST > !!! 
Fake people , rude people , mean people , downright nasty attitudes get under my skin ! Why can't everyone be unfront , civil , and never have an ulterior motive for something ... does anyone else agree ? 
Can't wait to be off work , run our errands and be back in bed : ) 
We're as crazy as crazy comes .... 
Got paid yesterday , put gas in my car and tomorrow I shall go shopping . Look out salon professional academy I'm comin in with some hot new outfits !! Don't forget the hottest accessories ! Ahh I can't wait for tuesday ! 
“If you live to be a hundred , I want to live to be a hundred minus one day so I never have to live without you . 
I can't believe how cold it is ! Bonfire , beer and my parents , all I need is my shawnie boy and the night will be complete ! 
Not feeling so hot , and sad I have to work on this gorgeous day 
First day of school ! Wish me luck !! : ) 
First day .. check ! Can't wait to find out what I learn tomorrow ! 
Work like you don’t need the money . Love like you’ve never been hurt . Dance like nobody’s watching 
Depsite running a little behind today , nothing beats waking up to my shawnie boy , B.O.B to listen to , and knowing I have chinese food and gossip girl for later ! 
I wish I was on the beach , or next to a pool with a SUPER strong drink in hand : ) 
Once I finally decided I would go fishing I'm the ONLY one not to catch anything :( most definitely not my game 
Holy traffic .... do not make me late to school ! 
Ahh I think I have an ear infection .. or two :( ready to be out of school , cook dinner and then bed ! 
Hey guys , I'm officially on the books for october 19th call 636 541 9757 for an appointment with me ! 
I'm beat ... soo ready to go home too bad I have to work : / 
really wants to go to fulton this weekend with my shawnie boy to visit my lovers there ! 
constitution day consists of going over the hair care they had back then , man o man talk about voluptuous hair .. I Love it ! 
the ghost at my house tends to lock me out at least once a week ... do something cool instead of mess with the doors and locks ! 
I miss my boyfriend while he slaves away at work for us : ( 
There is no remedy for love but to love more . 
Being your everything makes me feel like the most special person in the world and I'm grateful for that every millisecond 
9 o'clock can't come soon enough , bedtime !! 
yet another soa episode on tonight that I will have to miss due to much needed beauty sleep hahaha no just sleep in general ! 
feeling super sick this morning : ( 
if everyone hates traffic then why is there ever traffic ? 
little kids are crack heads for instance < PROPFEMALE > runs , opens the back door to me and < PROPFIRST > and screams IM FREAKIN OUT MAN ! or when she tattles and says my pj called her a bitch when really she called her a bitch she sure does keep our lives entertaining ! what would I do without that little cutie ! 
I feel like death , I just wanna go to the doctor and crawl back in bed with my shawnie boy . 
sometimes your wonder what life has in store for you ... 
ahh my bed is already calling my name ! 
drama drama drama .. I love when people post their lives on facebook just adds some entertainment to the day : ) 
I just wanna snuggle all day ... wahhh 
chose a random lil < PROPMALE > cd this morning and day n night plays , makes me think of gage love ya < PROPMALE > 
< PROPFIRST > works til 1230 what will I do with myself ? 
sore throat , cough , stuffy nose .. please go away ! your making me miserable 
what a long , weird , irritating week ... at least its friday ! 
these pains need to go away : ( I wanna know why I'm getting them 
some people don't appreciate the things people do for them ... gonna have a good dau with my shawnie boy 
wii day with the < PROPFIRST > dene and norm .. shannon wake up !!! 
off school finally ! now off to do more hair and then play more wii ? we may be obsessed 
its one of those days .. where I really wanna be in bed with my shawnie boy 
I don't think todays gonna be a very good day but ill sure as hell try ! 
I want some mr d's pizza or some panteras ! 
blonde or brown ? 
just foiled more hair than I've ever seen in my life ! 
why won't my body let me sleep past 8 ? 
I'm < PROPFEMALE > lucky to have my shawn .. I'm in love with the most amazing person ever 
my nails are shinier than snookies stunna shades ! 
last week in the classroom then I'm on the floor !! ready for today to be over so I can go home and take a nap ! 
I could go for some brownies right now 
no school til tuesday : ) time to < PROPFEMALE > out with my lover !! 
dear saturday , will you please be nice to me and let me make it until 10ish 
You're all invited to attend our special AGE DEFY EVENT at < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Salon and Spa ! Join us this TONIGHT , from 7pm-9pm ! Age-Defying products and services are finally here ! There will be food , drinks , door prizes , and live demonstrations . This will make the perfect night out ... bring all the friends and family you would like ! 
mmmm breakfast my favorite ! 
laundry should keep me busy til work ... 
these monday and tuesday mornings off are great ! getting ready for school ! I get to cut my amazing boyfriend and dads hair today ! 
can't wait for < PROPFEMALE > haggard to come in today ! 
some days you just gotta have that poker face 
classroom day ... off all day tomorrow thank goodness : ) 
jersey shoreeee AWH YEAHHH ... then paranormal activity AWH YEAHHH ! 
saturday at the salon professional academy ! can't wait to see < PROPFEMALE > windau and give her some fun hair !!! 
just slept for a good 14 hours .. now time to make some pumpkin muffins and go to work ! 
vicious storm work me up and kept me up for a while which means back to bed I go before school ! 
wii night with < PROPFIRST > cass and pj ! bedtime because I'm ohh < PROPFEMALE > sleepy ! 
I love my one day off : ) about to make some monkey bread , maybe nap and then go trick or treating with yilly girl , < PROPFIRST > and the fam ! 
when ones life sucks to the furthest extent ... why must they be such a bitch and try to ruin everyone elses ? 
I REALLY want some of my dads pulled pork or homemade ribs ! ahh I'm so hungry ! 
we need to go grocery shopping ! I'm starving !!! 
People ! if you get pulled over on the highway you pull over on the right side not the left ! unnecessary traffic this morning because of that ! 
I can't wait to see my lil nugget on november 22nd ! it will actually look real this time ! 
< PROPFEMALE > hungry but not much I can handle right now : ( 
we have a turkey , a christmas tree , ear muffs and a < PROPFEMALE > ? we're not too cool for school 
I love you very much ... probably more than anyone can love another person ! 
when all you wanna do is scream but the words won't come out ... 
yayy lunch with my man ! then off to do some more hair and then some quality time with the fam ! 
doesnt think she and < PROPFIRST > Lorenzen can wait entire 2 weeks still to see their little nugget ! Im so excited to hear that heartbeat ! 
its that time of the day where i really start draggin and im ready to climb into bed with the best snuggle < PROPMALE > of all time ... my shawnie boy ! 
hello everyone ! The Salon Professional Academy is now offering $7 haircuts mon-fri .. if anyone needs a haircut this week call 636-541-9757 and ask for me ! 
dear missouri , this warm november weather is kind of annoying me I would like my jacket weather back 
I'm starting to feel that whole crabbiness thing ... 
yeah ... just rocked my head on my locker door . bump the size of texas woah . 
kid cudi you've done it again sir ... 
is already in bed .. on a friday night while her boyfriend and family enjoys a nice fire outside : ( I hate being tired ! 
game day with the fam ! tomorrow off to the loop with my man for some yummy blueberry hill ! 
thank you for all the birthday wishes everyone !! you guys are the best ! 
I wish I had a thanksgiving break from school : ( 
ohh joy doing perms today ... not ! I'm so excited for our doctors appointment on monday ! 
dear people of missouri I wish you would learn how to drive in traffic or at a light or pulling out of places ! 
is ready for today to be over so I can see < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > !! 
so I'm sitting in traffic and singing that silly traffic traffic lookin for my chapstick song when I decide I need chapstick but its not in the normal spot so now that song applies to myself where's the ford maverick though ? 
doctors appointment went so good ! we heard the heartbeat and it was movin around like crazy ! Hopefully the baby cooperates so we can find out what it is in 3 weeks ! 
this baby must be doin some crazy gymnastics shit stirrin my stomach up and whatnot ! 
well when a truck drives through your school what do you do ? you take a 3 hour break and go back at 1 to a ghetto salon with boards on it ? sure I guess 
sisters will always fight but they will always love eachother too .. I love my sisters idk what I would do without them ! 
happy thanksgiving everyone ! I'm thankful for my amazing boyfriend , our baby on the way , our families that are helping us out a ton and our friends ! 
ughh ... being sick = the WORST ! snuggling with my lover = my favorite thing ever ! I hope I feel better tomorrow ... 
holy moly that wore me out ... on top of being sick I've managed a productive morning now its time to nap ! can't wait for < PROPFIRST > to get off ! 
upper respiratory infection ... joy 
we're really gettin in the spirit today ! christmas tree earlier , < PROPFIRST > and cass are hanging lights on the house and later we're baking cookies ! I love the holidays ! 
me and < PROPFIRST > are sittin amongst the old people ... but after this I have school : ( I still don't feel up to par boooo 
without my mom I'd be no where I love her to pieces ! 
lilly(the 3 year old ) is speaking in spanish ! she knows how to count , and she knows how to say hair nose teeth eyes and ears she's so smart ! 
hey everyone on thursday december 9th I am in need of a perm model for school its only $10 so if anyone would like a perm let me know ! 
the irony in life really gets to me sometime . sometimes it really keeps me in focus not to take anything for granted 
today my amazing cousin tate is swearing into the marines and leaving for san < PROPMALE > until march I'm so proud of him but will miss him like crazy when he doesn't come over anymore : ( 
I want a bologna sandwich with 2 slices of bologna 1 slice of cheese a thin layer of light mayo and some bbq chips ... I think ill have to make a trip to the store 
< PROPFIRST > starts his new job today I'm so excited for him ! once we get off work and school we get to enjoy our one night off together ! 
< PROPFEMALE > happy to finally have my appetite and energy back this belly has grown over the past week I think 
tuesday tuesday hurry !!! hopefully this baby cooperates and we find out if it pees standing up or sitting down ! 
is back to getting sick at night again this is a roller coaster 
wishes she was still all snuggly in her bed .. but today shall be a productive day ! 
If you love me like you told me , please be careful with my heart ; you can take it ; just don't break it or my world will fall apart . 
when you realize you want to spend the rest of your life with somebody , you want the rest of your life to start as soon as possible 
the baby was sleeping and uncooperative so we didn't find out what it is but the baby is healthy ! 
hey everyone I have openings this week for all over color , highlights , haircuts , conditioning treatments and any facial waxing at the Salon Professional Academy just call 636.541.9757 and ask for me ! 
I know its nice to have a day off everyonce in a while but the roads are totally fine and mobile soo .. once everyone gets out of their driveways you should be fine 
its okay we'll kill em with kindness ; ) 
Families are like fudge - mostly sweet with a few nuts . 
I could go for some tonys on top cheesy bacony waffle fries right this second ! 
we're finally done christmas shopping ! I know everyones going to love their presents ! 
the adventures of < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > ... 
holy mall craziness I can't believe I'm even here right now ... I'm < PROPFEMALE > ready for 4 o'clock and our christmas to start ! 
we got the kinect I don't think shawns ready to leave the house anytime soon ! < PROPFEMALE > christmas everyone ! 
had a wonderful christmas with < PROPFIRST > and the families ! I'm so glad I have them and I can't wait for next christmas with the baby ! 
All i want is to know what the sex of the baby is and to know if we're going to have a Grayson or an < PROPFEMALE > , so January 10th please get here a little quicker , i also wanna be home .. or on a beach .. 
friday at 4 please hurry me and my man will be off school and work for the weekend to celebrate the new year together ! 
everyone has experiences in life that might ruin their outlook on certain things , to be successful you need to trust that not every experience will be the same as the one 
how was 2010 ? pretty damn good I'd say ... I did meet the love of my life , began the steps to a great career , started my own family and I don't expect anything less from 2011 ! bring on the sober new years ... 
the notebook is always a sad movie .. but the notebook when your pregnant is one intense sad movie : ( 
I'm a pregnant ballaholic .... I could just cry at the drop of a hat . Maybe this results from being up since 430 sick and achy and cold and hot : ( 
dinner and a movie with my < PROPFIRST > ! 
I'm sooo excited for tomorow ! I wish I could just go to sleep now and wake up tomorrow ! 
looks like we'll be having a Grayson < PROPFIRST > Lorenzen around June 4th ladies and gents ! that's right ... we're havin a BOY ! 
hmm no school and shawns at work .. I wish Grayson was here to keep me company ! 
I feel that I fit my new sign wayyyy better than my old one ! but then again I don't think any of that zodiac stuff is really true ... 
my little < PROPFEMALE > is 4 today I can't believe how big she is ! Can't wait for tomorrow < PROPFIRST > and I are taking her to the Magic House !! 
I wish no one had to have stress or worries and money wasn't an issue and if you don't like something , change it ! 
in a normal world , people wouldn't fight for attention the way they do or try and bring other people down the way they do either . it confuses me . 
stuck at home and bored with my hair ... i need some bleach and some fun pravana colors i think ... 
finally going out tonight ! panteras for pizza with the girls from school !! I love my shawnie boy and our grayson I hope time speeds up ! 
I really hope Grayson picks the somewhat normal kid shows instead of those insanely weird ones ! 
times are a changin ... 
is sick and in bed , misses her boyfriend and wishes he was here to make me feel better 
my shawnie boy is going to be 21 tomorrow : ) we're going to have an eventful weekend I'm glad ill be sober to remember all these drunk moments lol 
so proud of my shawnie boy for being up and going already on his birthday and so happy the weather is nice ! 
this week is gonna be worse than 82 snow and 2006 ice combined ? well we better stock up on some fun games to play ! 
I hope my < PROPFIRST > gets off work soon and home safely ! 
wish i had netflix for a snow day like today ! 
just rearranged mine and shawns room ... lets see how many times this happens before Grayson actually gets here . I have a feeling it'll be like 2116513200.54651 times boy oh boy its gonna be a long 17 weeks until he's here ! 
seein a kick from the outside is the weirdest but most amazing thing ever ... our son is trying to break out ! 
You know when your computers acting like a dumbass and you just press the refresh button , wouldnt it be nice if people had a refresh button ? 
little man was movin around today even though he was sleepy .. he was yawnin and waving at us ! he's getting so big he'll be here before we know it ! 
bizarre pregnancy dreams almost every night ... keepin me up at night ! 
< PROPFIRST > and I lead ironic lives ... sometimes I swear might be psychic 
never ever wants to do that again ... 
pink heart pancakes , pink eggs and bacon(red of course ) for shawnie boy on valentines day !! love you babe ! 
70 degrees today and tomorrow ? ill take it , ill also wear some sandals in celebration : ) 
wish my little man was here today to play in the nice weather ! 
wishes it was nice enough for me , @ < PROPFEMALE > dakin , @ < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > and @ < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > to have a picnic in the car : ( 
thinking bedtime will be at 730 tonight . yeah no more of that 2 hours of sleep nonsense . 
what would I do without my < PROPFEMALE > ? 
is starting to feel oh so sleepy , wish my shawnie boy and I had the day off tomorrow together ! 
finally got Grayson's bedding ... if only June would hurry up and get here ! 
if june could only hurry up , baby boy will be here nice weather and not being pregnant anymore ! oh how I can't wait to feel normal again ! 
last year around this time i wouldve NEVER imagined myself to be this in love with a human being as much as i am in love with shawnie boy , and i especially wouldnt picture us with a baby ! lifes a crazyyy ride & hearts ; 
officially in the third trimester ! I'm so happy he's going to be here in the summer time and nice weather ! 
cold , sober mardi gras ... as successful as it could possibly be for me ? 
shawns mini me slept through the doctors appointment and the ultrasound but is now up and kickin as soon as I got home ... he's a little smart < PROPMALE > already I can tell 
me and < PROPFEMALE > both sick ... movies and ice cream are callin our names 
the sacrifice has to be mutual .... 
Haha Grayson gets so mad when I set my phone on my stomach its hilarious to watch him try to kick it off I love my little man already 
ahh high 50s and high 60s in the forecast ... couldn't be more happy to see those < PROPFIRST > ! 
family is where its at ... it was great to have tate at home and in the garage with us for a friday night ! 
ugh I hate saturday nights . like really , seriously .... 
REALLY wants to try steak n shakes breakfast , the coupon pictures are a little too enticing , thinking my amazing boyfriend will have to take me in the morning : ) 
wishes sons of anarchy would come on before september ! what am I supposed to do until then ?! I only have jersey shore and teen mom for a little while longer : ( 
Grayson likes gucci mane .. my sons legit 
I have one lopsided belly ... its so funny to see him movin 
now registered at target and babies r us yay ! just went camcorder shopping and we purchased one nifty video camera can't wait til Grayson is here to record ! 
oh yeah ... guess who's gonna be livin in maxi and sun dresses until Grayson gets here ... this girl ! ah they're so comfortable ! 
they have < PROPFEMALE > the explorer perfume ... call me crazy but I feel like < PROPFEMALE > needs this perfume , I think she would love it since she tries using mine all the time ! 
wish I was on my 3 month vacation from tspa with baby Grayson , can't wait for all our fun in the sun he's gonna be a little fish ! 
Life's problems wouldn't be called \hurdles\ " if there wasn't a way to get over them . " 
Grayson has the hiccups and yay < PROPFIRST > put together the dresser ! everything in our bedroom is coming together ! 
little man had his foot all the up by his nose this morning ! 
I wanna be blonde !!!!! well , not all over blonde but blonde like the old days ! 
seeing tangled with yilly grace and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > yay !!! then I get to pick up my man ! 
oh how I wish Grayson was here and me him and < PROPFIRST > were sittin outside enjoying this weather ! soon enough soon enough 
getting more and more pregnant ... my swollen feet broke a sandal today and had to take my rings off 
I love me some < PROPFIRST > Lorenzen : ) such a good weekend with hims 
off to my first Blues game ! my shawnie boy is the best for getting us these tickets ! 
why do people feel the need to be mean and spiteful ? 
can't help but have a countdown until my due date ! I'm so ready for our baby boy to be here ! 
I'm afraid to drink soda because I'm afraid the bubbles will make me float up onto the ceiling 
call of duty is on my shit list ... if it goes missing this week from my house I'm oh so sorry boyfriend and sister .... 
if only saturdays were days for sleeping and not working : ( especially today 
just went shopping for Grayson he's definitely set for this summer ! thanks Dene ! 
was having such a good lazy sunday ... why couldn't it have continued ? 
Graysons part of the closet is beginning to look more full than mine and < PROPFIRST > s part ! Thank you grandma < PROPFEMALE > ! he's feelin some oatmeal cookies with choc chips and later scream 4 with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > yay !! 
I need a vacation ... 
does anyone have any idea of how good panteras pizza tastes to a hungry pregnant woman ? dangerously good ... 
wishes she was at home schnugglin with her shawnie boy 
what do ya do with trash ? 
who's excited for the easter < PROPFEMALE > ? 
kayla-2 sandals-0 ... fat feet win again ... happy easter ! 
< PROPFEMALE > just informed us she's addicted to tattoos and just can't stop ... she also added her next one is going on her buttcheek . 
thankful for everything and everyone in my life : ) 
only about 5 or 6 more weeks til I get to squeeze our little baby ! ahh hurry first week of june ! 
< PROPFIRST > and I are proud parents of 2 sharks ... yes I said sharks .. once june is here we'll be proud parents of a beautiful baby boy and 2 sharks : ) 
ready to be off school , lover to be home from fishing and do something tonight , preferably relaxing : ) 
2 surprise baby showers in one day ? I might go into labor today . My family is the best thank you everyone ! 
our washing machine just bit the dust ... on the day I decided to wash all of Graysons clothes . JOY ! thank goodness we have 2 washing machines 
can't wait to see < PROPFEMALE > and grandma to come in for pedicures , but after that I wish I was going home to snuggle in bed ! 
woo acid reflus .. Grayson you better have some hair and your dad better be satisfied with his new fish tank ! 
