gets to < PROPFEMALE > out with < PROPFIRST > tomorrow ! Yay ! 

is going to < PROPFIRST>'s today . 
Just watched Rambo : First Blood Part 1 , and Part 2 . I'm pissed because we don't own Rambo III 
loves < PROPFIRST > 
just got done doing yard-work for my Mom for like 3 hours . I am tired ! 
should go to bed , but Isn't . 
is about to watch Saving Private < PROPFIRST > 
is astounded at the great movie Saving Private < PROPFIRST > . 
Has a bunch of CRAP to do tomorrow . 
is going to watch a movie tonight ... haven't quite figured out what yet ... 
watched Good Will Hunting last night . That was a very good movie . 
R.I.P. < PROPFIRST > MAYS ! ( age 50 ) . 
is listening to Pink < PROPMALE > . It's been a while .. 
Is getting his new phone ( the same one ) activated . 
is putting all his music ( over 350 songs ) onto his phone , because his old phone screwed up and deleted all of it . Piece of crap ! 
dude , it is 1:22 AM 
Happy 4th of July . I'm just sitting at home ... * sigh * 
just played WarioWorld for the first time ( gamecube ) . Its AWESOME ! 
is probably doing nothing but playing < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow .. I just got Wind Waker .. pretty awesome 
is waiting for Fedex to deliver his phone case ( silicone ) cuz he just got a new one and wants protection ! 
is thinking about the past ... some good some bad ... 
doesn't know what to watch ... im not tired ( with 6 hours of sleep ) 
just woke up .. pretty bad 
had 1 hour of sleep last night ....... 
just got back from Cedar Point ... it was fun . 
is getting a haircut tomorrow . you can tell from the pic i need one . 
saw < PROPMALE > Potter at 12:20 AM this morning . That movie left out so many crucial parts from the book , and honestly , if you havn't read the book you would be totally lost . plus , they made stuff up . I liked it , but it agrivated me . 
fixed his airsoft gun . It's Time ... 
just woke up . I need to stop waking up at the crack of noon . 
doesnt know what to do today 
just realized the Super Smash Bros . Brawl theme is in Latin . 
is freaking confused . 
Is finally going to bed . 
is doing nothing 
wants to watch Rambo III 
might < PROPFEMALE > with his cousin today . 
is mad that it stopped raining ( in Toledo ) 
just saw \Yes Man\ " I liked it . " 
is doing nothing today ... pity 
is listening to System of a Down 
just got a new clip for my airsoft gun . sweet . 
should probably go to bed ... yeah ... nows good . 
just beat \The Conduit\ " ( wii ) . It is ( to me ) the best of Nintendo's first person shooters since \ " Goldeneye\ " . An excellent game . " 
is tired from working all day . 
is debating whether or not to watch < PROPFEMALE > Wars . 
doesn't know what to do on this rainy day . Clean ? 
isn't sure what he should do right now .. 
is feeling nostalgic . 
is going to bed . I'm freaking tired ! 
just biked 10 < PROPMALE > . 
is so pissed at verizon . I am now incapable of using my phone , until 2 . plus , all this morning . 
finally got his phone settled and fixed . 
wow , phones screwed up again . of course . 
not sure what to do today . 
just got back from the wedding reception . CONGRATS MRS . < PROPFEMALE > PICKLE !! 
PARTY !!!!! at 4 ! 
should probably get to bed soon , but not gonna happen ... 
played < PROPMALE > of Persia ( Warrior Within ) for the past few hours . Good Game . bed time though . Orientation tomorrow . 
Orientation today . i still haven't picked my classes for my schedule . this will be interesting . 
wow , i didnt even get my schedule . i feel so left out . 
finally got his schedule . 7th period lunch . funfunfun 
is on his brother's new < PROPMALE > book . this is pretty impressive . im most likely going to get one when i go to college :) 
is finally getting his locker number and combo tomorrow . Naturally , i have to bike there . why must these things take so long ? 
didn't get his locker today . When i got there they were out to lunch . then when i came back , it was closed . Going there at 7 a.m. tomorrow . 
is going to bed early . Needs to get up at 6:30 AM to get to northview by 7 . 
does anyone have 6th period lunch ?? 
just got home from the GAF . has to go to church in his work cloths . great . 
just saw Valkyrie . Enough said . 
just finished his homework . None for the rest of the day ! 
is so mad his freaking Nintendo64 stopped working . That was my childhood ! 
is on Facebook from his internet channel on his wii . just got it 
is looking forward to this weekend . 
is going to bed . Lot of stuff this weekend . 
is sick . this sucks . 
has a fever . this sucks 
is staying in his room all day with a fever and sore throat . hope i can go to school tomorrow . 
is all better ! 
had a great day today . Especially for a monday . 
just started his homework now . Can't make a habit of this . 
is pretty awake . Surprising due to the fact that i had 7 hours of sleep . 
for some reason has the Russian National Anthem stuck in his head ... 
can't wait for FRIDAY !!!! It's gonna be intense !!! 
just got a WORKING DREAMCAST !! 
just watched Rambo III . not as bad as i remember it . actually a good movie ... 
just read 30 pages of MLIA ... awesome 
just got home from last nights Halloween Party . Wow , i feel ... NO MORE < PROPFEMALE > 
is on his bro's < PROPMALE > Book . Amazing ! 
just watched Back to the Future . Always good to see 
just finished that paper due in Benya tomorrow ... I had to retype the whole thing because i forgot my rough draft at school ... awesome :( 
is SO mad !!! The airsoft gun i just bought isn't working properly !!! 
just got back from an airsoft/sleepover . my gun was AWESOME 
is playing Earthbound . AWESOME 
just beat Pokemon Red version ... I feel so accomplished :D . 
is starting his english project ... Happy New Year ! Welcome 2010 ! 
Is rather indifferent regarding school tomorrow . I realize it is entirely necessary , but part of me feels im just not ready . oh well , time to face reality . 
is having a Dr. House moment . 
is in deep thought . 
SNOW !!! 
geux saints ! 
snowday tomorrow as well ? 
Is looking forward to this long weekend :D 
is finishing the french project ... looks like crap .. 
is happy its the WEEKEND 
Tomorrow is FRIDAY ! 
should go to bed ? Nahh ... < PROPFIRST > KART ! 
is getting his Math on ! 
got a new ( but the same ) phone . 
Modern Warefare for the wii : AWESOME 
thanks everyone for all of the awesome Birthday Wishes !!!! 
is feeling ... abnormal today . 
is fixing his ps2 ... finally broke after 9 years of use ... thank god they sell new today ! 
fixed his PS2 ... after about two hours of work ! 
is for some reason on Facebook when he should be in bed ...? 
braces arn't too bad ! 
is not going to festurama :D 
for the first time all day my freaking internet works !!!! Yay !!! 
is glad it's the weekend . How much homework can teachers cram in in 3 more days of actual classes ? A LOT !! 
is \liking\ " pretty much every status on facebook ... " 
ODST ... kind of sucks 
I'm OUT !!! 
Grand theft auto 4 . Theres my day . 
has been engulfed with boredom . What shall i do ? 
MW2 = :D 
Xbox ruined assasin's creed 2 :( 
assasin's creed 2 :) 
types in the 3rd person . 
recieved free McDonald's for \lack of service\ " . Complaining is awesome . " 
chocolate milk is awesome 
IS HONORING < PROPFIRST > MAYS BY KEEPING HIS CAPS LOCK ON ! 
Megaman is so frustrating ! 
Sleep is needed , but will not come ... 
forget Call of Duty , Halo and whatnot ... let's bust out N64 GOLDENEYE ! 
needs to go to sleep , but must stay awake in order to put sheets on his bed . :( 
I have no idea how to spend my sunday night , so what do I do ? Alphabetize and list every N64 game and the countless VHS movies I own . 
Dirty Work is sooo funny ! 
n64 Perfect Dark is even better than it was back in the day ! 
thinks Collegehumor is awesome ! 
does anyone know if there is summer homework for AP US History ? 
got his bottom braces on ... ouch 
my old computer finally works ! Thank you Will Butler ! 
got up early again today ... Tired once again . 
is eating Bagelbites for the first time in a while . 
doesn't know what he is doing today . 
< PROPFEMALE > COKE !!!! 
who else has 5th period lunch !?! 
4 hours of sleep :D 
back from northview ... apparently I CAN'T switch my 5th lunch and 7th gym 
One good ps1 game : Medal of Honor 
needs to trick out his room . 
Halo Reach is pretty cool . 
is quite angry . 
is quite happy now . 
18 hole game of golf with cousins reciting Happy Gilmore quotes . Turned out to be a fun sunday . 
time for the BIO powerpoint ... due tuesday ... uuugggghhh 
got the(airsoft ) AK fixed !!! Yay ! Thanks again to < PROPFIRST > Needham ! 
wow did this weekend go fast :( 
is awesome . 
for some reason cannot access his youtube account ... just says \try again later\ " . fine work NOW !!! but ... nope ... " 
a gunner's dream : Pink < PROPMALE > . 
Bioshock ... nuff said . 
feels great to be completely awake with 10 hours of sleep and another day of leaf raking ! Not as bad , plus an overnight at < PROPMALE>'s house to look forward to ! WINWIN ! 
good morning . 
can no longer speak in the third person , for my name is not before the sentence , but above ... 
< PROPFIRST > Smallets is one awesome dude . 
HARDCORE ! 
still freaking foggy outside ! 
procrastination ... how facebook aids it ... 
The Wall is a terrible movie ! 
too early for this crap :/ why must i wake up at 5:30 ? 
j'ai envie de dormir ! 
well ... ultimate was awesome .. and the rain made it better ... and ... we have a late start tomorrow ... and ... fricker's wings soon ... and ... well that's all that is on my mind ... for now ... ... 
Procrastinating got me stuck with doing the 10 pages for Papa D ( mr. Dubiel ) ... plus i have to deal with benya's journal crap ... and math ... oh well . time to get sh-stuff done ! 
80s music :D 
Pineapple Express :D ~ ~ 
Lazy Day ... rake ... Dubial sentences ... music ... meh 
just got finished cleaning room and organizing attic . WHEW ! 
Modern warefare 1 is better than 2 . 
ultimate was really cool . pizza time !... oh yeah ... and homework ! 
time for ... not knowing how the rest of my weekend will turn out . Oh well ! 
This weekend ? Assassin's Creed Brotherhood ! 
Nous avons < PROPFEMALE > JOUR NEIGE ! 
super < PROPFIRST > world is awesome 
oh Christmas ... how close you are ! 
how shall i spend my break ? 
just waiting for christmas ... 
How do I turn the shuffle off on my iPod ? 
Sprained my wrist ... Funfunfun 
BREAK IS ENDING SO SOON ! CRAP 
Does not want to do Papa D's sentences .... * sigh * ... 
Weekend , but still have to do benya project ... what fun 
So < PROPMALE > street near my house , someone hit a telephone pole which happened to have a gas line beneath it so that was burning while no one had any power .. busted out the flashlights and here comes the power ! By far an interesting . Night . 
Having the satisfaction of having all hw done a d my room clean while listening to system of a down is awesome ! Plus going on facebook on an iPod touch is nice too . 
No school ? Well we probably will have it ... meh 
got the old dinosaur ( 12 year old pc ) set up with the \new\ " monitor . I'm just glad this thing works ! Yippee ! " 
does anyone remember ( THE BAND ) Bush ? 
Just looked through 7th and 8th grade yearbooks . Wow ! 
?????? aka hello in russian 
Teaching ERS to my mommy whom is catching on fast . Very fun ;D 
Loading 15gigs of music off of a 500gb external onto a 12 year old pc . Lets just say it takes a while . 
The only problem with taking pictures on an ipod touch is getting them onto a computer ... 
Get Smart is such a funny movie 
I love how all these people are \studying\ " but still go on facebook saying how bad it is lol jk " 
No exams tomorrow :) last 3 start Thursday 
Is learning russian 
Fixed my NES ( again ) just in time for a snow day ! Time for some < PROPFIRST > ! 
Time to finish studying for geometry ( somehow ) and bio . Why am i telling you this ? Procrastination from studying that's why ... Crap ... off to studying ... 
Borrowing my bro's xbox ... Only problem is there is no harddrive . Hehe ... 
Is getting addicted to starcraft 
Waiting for the bus sucks ... Wait I have wifi out here ? Cool 
Wants black ops now 
iPod died- exchanged it for anothr at target . Thanks to the dinosaur pc it took 5 hours to upload my music . Fun stuff 
Can't sleep . Will bevery pleasant tomorrow im sure .... 
Guess what has 33letters ? That's right ! The Russian alphabet . Don't forget , some letters are < PROPFIRST > too . 
For some reAson I was looking forward to school . Oh well , I'm over it . 
Porch chairs blew away so I just went on a search and rescue mission to extract them from the street and relocate them to the back yard- all without touching the snow I'm my yard . I sidled across my fence . It was epic ! 
Like a boss ! 
Watching every < PROPMALE > potter movie . Hahahahaha 
Spiderman was on my girl , so I beat him with a rubber hose . I WHOOPED SPIDERMAN'S *** ! \ 
- < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
Needs new music ... 
? ?????? ??? ??????? ??????? which was all typed on my Russian keyboard . 
Just got live- time for some COD ! .. Tomorrow .... I'm tired ... 
Think not what your country can do for you , but what you can do for it . 
Ready to take on the day 
Had to go to UT with my mom due to the lack of power at my house ... for one day and still going . 
J'ai changé la langue de Facebook il par < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > français 
THE BOOMBOX IS NOT A TOY ! 
What if he shot me in the face ? That's a risk we were willing to take ! 
We've got no money , we've got no jobs , OUR PETS HEADS ARE FALLING OFF ! 
J'aime bien < PROPFEMALE > français ! 
Let's do this . 
Waiting for Black Ops to come in the mail ... C'mon! 
Propaganda postrers are the best 
SUUUPPPEERRR MMMEEAATT-BOYYY ! 
What ? Not snow ! My biggest weakness ! 
? ????? ???? 
Wants a revolver airsoft gun- too bad they are only 6rd and gas ... 
Waaarrrppppzzzzoonnnee !!! - SMBoy 
Surprisingly , this weekend is going really slow . Sweet 
I hate being tired 
So I picked up my iPod to hear some < PROPMALE > goodman and it fell from my hands and somehow rolled to the other room . I guess my iPod doesn't like that , Rammstein it is then . 
Trigger happy tv :) 
?????????? ???? ????? ????? ????? - ???????. My first sentence , I'm so proud . 
??????? ??????. You know who you are In bio ! 
REMOVE HIS ENGINE ! 
