Hi everyone , My computer was injured and my brother had to put a bandaid on it . that is why I have been gone for two weeks . Did anybody miss me ? 

I am makeing a creamcheese pie for our card playing company tommarrow . i do my best baking at night ! 
Boy , am I hot tonight . Bring on all you Obama lovers . I will tell you what really makes the world work . It`s not pritty . MONEY ! 
ITs going to take some God fearing people to get this country back on track !!! 
What would you do for a clondick bar ? 
That was a miss spelled word , thats it !!!! 
The < PROPFEMALE > Methodist Church is looking for a few men and or women serving in Iraq or Afganistan ( from the < PROPFEMALE > area ) that might enjoy a care package from home . If you know of anyone that might fit that < PROPMALE > , please get me the names and addresses as soon as possible and we will get the packages sent ! 
is going to bed rather I want to or not ! 
is very disapointed in someone he truely trusted ! 
I am out to prove that 80% of my friends will repost , I hope I am right ! Let's lift up His name and make a statement ! Sadly 97% of Facebook Users will not repost this ... when Jesus died on the cross HE was thinking of you . If you are one of the few 3% , repost this message . Praise God He died for me and you ! < PROPFIRST > 3:16 , 17 
woke up with a cold on my annaversery . I knew I should of wiped that Wal-Mart handle !! 
is thanking God for his wife and kids everyday , they are the light that giudes me through life . 
A Veteran is some one , who at one point in their life , wrote a blank check payable to the United States of < PROPFEMALE > for an amount up to , and including , their life . That is an honor , and there are way too many people in this country who no longer remember that fact . 
I wish i could go outside and work on something , but it is 97 out there . The boys won`t even go out ! I can handle the 80`s not the 90`s . I have picture like view all around the house , lush green woods . I will have to get some pics on sometime . 
HERE ARE ALL THE DEVELOPED NATIONS OF THE WORLD \ 
THAT OFFER BIRTHRIGHT CITIZENSHIP TO THE BABIES \ 
OF TOURISTS AND ILLEGAL ALIENS : \ 
United States\ 
\ 
!! That's right , every other modern Developed nation in the world has gotten rid of birthright citizenship policies . 
That's right , every other modern Developed nation in the world has gotten rid of birthright citizenship policies . Yet , most of U.S. news media and politicians the last two weeks have ridiculed the comments by some other politicians that it is time for the U.S. to put an end to birthright citizenship for tourists and illegal aliens . Folks , the U.S. stands alone . 
ACTION : Send faxes to your Members of Congress and urge them to immediately sponsor legislation to change the law that currently grants birthright citizenship . Find the faxes to send on your customized Action Buffet by clicking here . There used to be all kinds of Developed countries that gave away their citizenship as freely as we do in the U.S. 
There used to be all kinds of Developed countries that gave away their citizenship as freely as we do in the U.S. But one by one they all have recognized the folly of that policy . SOME MODERN COUNTRIES THAT RECENTLY ENDED THEIR BIRTHRIGHT CITIZENSHIP POLICY Canada was the last non- U.S. holdout . 
Illegal aliens stopped getting citizenship for their babies in 2009 . Australia's birthright citizenship requirements are much more stringent than those of H.R. 1868 and took effect in 2007 . New Zealand repealed in 2006 Ireland repealed in 2005 < PROPFEMALE > repealed in 1993 < PROPFEMALE > repealed in 1987 United Kingdom repealed in 1983 Portugal repealed in 1981The United States is the laughing stock of the modern world . 
Only the U.S. values its citizenship so lowly as to distribute it promiscuously to the off-spring of foreign citizens visiting Disney World on tourist visas and to foreign citizens who have violated their promises on their visitor , work and student visas to stay illegally in the country , as well as to those who sneak across our borders . 
You know It is amazing what a dog or cat can do to your life !!! They say they can even make you live longer ! Poviding the dog or cat don`t smoke ! LOL 
Nobody knows what goes on behind closed doors , goes with , nobody knows what goes through peoples heads . Mine for sure ! 
Conservatives teach you how to fish , Liberals take your fish and give it to someone unwilling to fish ! 
if all the immigrants said they were going to vote Republican the next elections ... you better bet that Obama would be building that fence tomorrow . 
Why is it that 70% of the population cant stop a Muslim Mosque from being built at ground zero , but one Atheist can get crosses removed from a soldier's grave ? 
I am who I am today because of all the things that I've been put through ; the good and the bad . Hence the saying , \Everything happens for a reason . \"" 
I chose a long time ago . To believe in who I am . I will not walk in someone elses shadow . Whether I fail or succeed i will know that i lived my life ! XxX 
Odd Fact : < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > was the ONLY President to pay off the national debt 
Don't you just wish you could go back in time and change one thing because if it didn't happen in the first place maybe things would be different ! 
your my love , the one i cant live without , the one i think about all the time and cant seem to get u off my mind . <3 I LOVE YOU <3 
Anyone can say I love you . It's the person who shows you in a million different ways , every day , who truly does . 
To one who has faith , no explanation is necessary . To one without faith , no explanation is possible . - Saint < PROPFIRST > Aquinas 
Its better to be told a hurtful truth than to be told a comforting lie . In the end truth will make its way out and will hurt much more than it ever had to ... 
By day you are my sunshine , by night you are the brightest < PROPFEMALE > in the sky , but everyday you make the world my heaven ... I love you <3 xx 
To get a hug from one of your children for absolutely no reason at all ( no matter how old they are ) is one of life's greatest gifts ! 
Some of the very best friends I've ever had have 4 paws ! 
Don't forget to show hospitality to strangers , for some have done this have entertained angels without realizing it ! ~ Heb . 13:2 
Faith can make a tadpole slap a whale ... 
sorry , but i can't \go to hell . \ " my restraining order states i can't be within 100 feet of it . " 
You trade your car in when it's broken down and doesn't work like it's supposed to . Why can't we do the same with our bodies ? 
Imperfection is my biggest trait , and for you to see through all those and love me for me , only shows me that THIS IS TRUE LOVE 
My rememberer is broken and my forgetter works perfectly . 
Whenever you feel like a genius , remember there was a time in your life when you were learning to not crap your pants . 
Please pray for better health for me ! Anyone ! Anywhere ! I am getting worn out , mentaly and physically ! I hope things turn around soon ! I am sure there are alot more people out there that need a prayer more than me but , if you could just sneek me in at the end I would appreciate it ! < PROPMALE > 
Hi folks , I had to spend a few days in the hospital . I really didn`t want too . They triied to kill me too many times so I begged them to let me go . They did thank goodness because i was going one way or the other ! i have a ruptured disc that is pushing on the nerve . Very bad pain in one leg now and little feeling in foot . I think I need a sergen . Talk more later ! 
Got a good night sleep last night with the wife waking me up to take my medicine on time . The pain is in the \bearable range\ " right now . Need an appointment with the neurosurgeon . All in all ... I guess for as bad as it got it's as good as it's going to get for a while . Thanks to all for your love and prayers . " 
I am waiting for mom to pick up the kids because I still can`t drive yet . You don`t realize all the stuff you take for granted untill you can`t do them . Waiting to see a surgeon . That will take another to weeks . 
Thanks for all of the Happy Birthday's everyone . You really know how to make a guy feel good . My back is still causing a lot of pain . I see the surgeon Monday . Hopefully he can get me in soon and get this thing fixed . Love and think of you all- < PROPFIRST > 
I feel like a movie < PROPFEMALE > ! Thanks everyone !! 
