Happy New Year to all and I would like to wish everyone a happy and healthy 2010 

would like to wish everyone a happy and healthy 2010 !! 
Spent a wonderful day with the kids and saw some great fireworks ! 
can't believe the weekend is almost over . 
is sad . Petunia our pet iguana has escaped and we are missing her very much :( 
is looking forward to tonight . Going to see Urbansnake and Barrag tonight at < PROPMALE>'s! 
is not feeling well and does not want to be at work today :( 
is in a lot of pain and waiting for a response from the dentist :( 
just found out that I need all 4 of my wisdom teeth pulled out :( 
is tired 
had a very productive day at work and can't wait to go home now ! 
can't wait to go home . This day is really dragging . 
can't wait to see Urbansnake and Famous Shamus tonight ! 
is so cold at work right now . I wish I didn't forget my sweater today . 
What is with all the slow drivers on the road this morning ?!?!?!?! 
is getting 2 of my wisdom teeth pulled out tomorrow morning and needs words of encouragement or any good advice anyone can give me . 
and < PROPMALE > are married 12 years today ! 
has been drinking nothing but ensure for the past 2 days now and wants some real food . 
is looking forward to the next 2 days home with the kids 
is just getting back from Playland . Had a wonderful 2 days off with the kids and do not want to go back to work tomorrow . 
needs a night out 
has had a very stressful weekend so far 
is trying to forget this weekend 
is wishing for those who started school today for a happy first day back :) 
The kids first day of school and < PROPFIRST>'s first day of < PROPMALE > High ! Where did the time go ? 
RIP < PROPFIRST > Swayze :( 
is glad the day is over . Time to finally relax . 
is really into The Dead Weather right now 
is tired . Did not get enough sleep . 
is feeling crappy . My head is so congested :( 
has a new niece !!!! :) Can't wait to see her ! 
is relaxing and getting ready to practice some guitar ? 
just finished frying up some apple fritters . 
my daughter , < PROPFIRST > , wants to see the movie new < PROPFEMALE > . Has anyone seen this movie or heard anything about it ? I want to know if this movie would be appropriate for her . 
is hungry but I do not want to go out into the bitter cold :( 
Wishing everyone a Happy and Healthy New Year !!!! 
AH , the kids are finally in bed . Time to cuddle up with the hubby for some popcorn and t.v. 
Put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? know ? someone ? who ? has ? or ? had ? cancer ! ? All I wish for in 2010 is a CURE ! ? Dear God , I pray for the cure of cancer . Amen . ? 93% WON'T Copy and Paste this , will YOU 4 just one hour ? 
WAYBACK WEEK ! RETRO RETRO RETRO RETRO ! Everyone change your profile pic to a throwback picture of yourself when you were young ! Copy and paste this , and let's see how adorable ( LOL ) we all were ! WAYBACK WEEK ! 
I loved my mobile phone in a hole because I'm sexy and I do what I want 
Todays game ..... MIDDLE NAME ONLY . Everyone please play ! You will find it interesting to know what your FB friends ' middle names are . Copy and paste this onto your profile then put your middle name at the end of this sentence ........ Elizabeth 
? ? ? If you are a woman that has a wonderful man in your life that works hard and would do anything for you , then post this ... because great men are few and far between , and I appreciate , < PROPFEMALE > and love mine .? ? ? xoxoLove you < PROPMALE > 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status , and put the first entry for your name under comments . 
Thank you everyone for your birthday wishes and Happy Birthday to my daughter < PROPFIRST > who turned 12 today . Only one year away from officially being a teen . Where did the time go ?!?!?!?!? 
WWWWHHHHYYYY ?!?!?!? Not all of my friends posts are showing up on my newsfeed . There is barely anything posted on my newsfeed . Is anyone else having this problem ? 
I have been told that it is < PROPFIRST>'s week on FB , and we need a photo with the other half , and state how long you are together . I have been married to my sweet baboo for 12 1/2 years :) 
Yeah ! < PROPFIRST>'s basketball team won the first round of playoffs ! 
USA USA USA USA USA USA !!!!! 
UGH ! Just got home from work . This has been the worst work day ever ! 
I have the greatest daughter ever . < PROPFIRST > volunteered to bake chocolate and vanilla cupcakes , so that < PROPFIRST > can bring them to school tomorrow for his birthday ; and Mommy can relax :) 
Happy Birthday to my son < PROPFIRST > ! 
Aoccdrnig to a rscheearch at Cmabrigde Uinervtisy , it dseno't mtaetr in waht oerdr the ltteres in a wrod are , the olny iproamtnt tihng is taht the frsit and lsat ltteer be in the rghit pclae . Tihs is bcuseae the huamn mnid deos not raed ervey lteter by istlef , but the wrod as a wlohe . If you can raed tihs , psot it to yuor wlal . Olny 55% of plepoe can 
working from home today . Still no power at work in White Plains . 
Happy Easter !! 
Happy Mother's Day to all the mother's out there . I hope you have a wonderful day ! 
I like it on the desk . 
Left the bronx for the poconos at 3 and blew the radiator hose at 3:15 back on the road at 5:15 . Still on the road at 6:20 . Good thing we left early . Hopefully we will be there by 8 
Happy Father's Day to all the dads out there !! Hope you have a wonderful day !! 
is hoping that < PROPFEMALE > gets better before her birthday tomorrow . She's been sick since the weekend :( 
Happy 5th Birthday to our girl < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
Just wanted to thank everyone for their thoughts and prayers . I am home and doing all right . 
I'm so tired , I haven't slept a wink\ 
I'm so tired , my mind is on the blink 
What's on your mind ? Change your Profile photo from Nov 14-18th to your favorite cartoon figure from your childhood . The aim is : no human faces on Facebook , only memories from our childhood . It's good to be a child ! 
My niece to my brother this morning \dad it's snowing ! Can we go swimming ? \"" 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone !!!!!!!! 
Beer 
