Wow . I must say that I'm more than a bit surprised at how many people I know here its good to \hear\ " from some of you for the first time in what seems like a billion years . " 

I'm Blasted . < PROPFIRST > Quervo + Redbull = The Juggernaut . 
It's been a good morning , although I was awake at 7am 
So March 20th get together at my place for my B-day . I think were grillin and shit . send me a message if you want/need directions 
Had a great BBQ lots of food family and friends !! 
Today is my birthday . Much thanks to everyone who posts or has posted on my wall for the acknowledgmen . < PROPFIRST > Quervo today and tonight most likely !!! 
Totally had a great day thanks for all the comments and totally awesome friends and family ohhhh yea and my gifts were the shit !!!!! 
Well it's new week time to sit back and relax a little . It was a great week . Went and saw \Hot Tub Time Machine\ " loved it . Wth right ? W.W.A.R.D. This is always the question you should ask . " 
Once there was a man that built his house on the sand . Nuff said 
ATTENTION : READ THIS AND THEN RE-COPY IT TO YOUR OWN STATUS TO GET THE WORD OUT : If you get a notification that says a friend reported you to Facebook for being offensive or in violation of terms of service , do NOT click it . It's a virus ... post this on your own site for your friends . 
Are you Stew or are you < PROPMALE > ? 
Hummmm ... as I sit here contemplating life , I wonder what would it be like if I were a pink hefalump 
Ten apples ..... 
Wtf .... 
Without sacrifice there can be no victory . Without true love there can be no true hate . Without the blood of the innocent there will be no true salvation , and without the faith of the zealot there can be no true path of destruction . 
BROTHERS\ 
WEEK ... If you have A brother who has made you laugh .. Tortured \ 
you .. Stuck up for you .. Drove you crazy .. Hugged you .. Watched you \ 
succeed .. Saw you fall .. Picked you back up .. Cheered you on .. Made you \ 
strong .. Can't do without .. Copy and paste this to your status ... Love ya < PROPMALE > as well as all my nonofficial brothers ! 
Riding to < PROPMALE > for a few days ! 
\The monkey is gonna drive us to the devils house ! \"" 
You ever wonder what life might be like if you changed just one thing ? 
iPhones are like Jedi they kick droid ass !!! I <3 my iPhone !!!!! 
You ever think about thinks like what could have been ? Then looked at your life and said fuck it I love me and mine so it couldn't have been much better ! 
Somethings are meant to be given to the people and shared . Somethings are meant to be given to your friends and family and then shared . Yet still other things are fuckin mine so back the fuck off my cookies >.< 
Please put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who has been eaten by dragons . Dragons are nearly unstoppable and , in case you didn't know , they can breathe fire . 93% of people won't copy and paste this , because they have already been eaten by dragons . The other 7% of people are sitting in the shower armed with fire extinguishers . 
So I sit here staring off into the abyss that is known as the universe . During the time I have spent gazing into this wonderful place I have learned a few things and forgotten even more I'm sure . Family and friends are where it's at . I'm blessed with wonderful siblings and a group of friends that I wouldn't trade for anyone . That said my cookies are fuckin gone and I'm saddened by this hence the staring at the sky . 
What's on my mind ? Simple a grind for the dollar . 
I'm unsure about somethings . First time in a while I have felt at a loss for words ! 
Muhahahahaha !!!!!!!!!!!! 
Asking everyone to say a prayer for \Darkhorse\ " 3rdBattalion 5th Marines and their families . They are fighting it out in Afghanistan and they have lost nine Marines in four days . Praying for all our soldiers . PLEASE REPOST . IT WOULD BE NICE TO SEE THIS ON EVERYONE'S WALL " 
Muhahahahahahahahaha 
Evryone is sleeping and I'm ao drunkd I can't walk :-/ i needa pee 
One mother fuckin day at a time ! 
Could be a < PROPFIRST > Quervo night ! 
Child says to mom , \mommy 
The heart of a true zealot can never be broken . Stay true to your cause even if others tell you that you are wrong . You have to stand for you or no one else will . 
I wonder what life would be like if I were black ? 
Standing knee deep in the river . Looking over to the other bank , and thinking damn this sure is cold . Should a took the boat , but wtf right ? What kind of fun is life if you cant go swimming in 50 degree running water right ? 
One more night of staring at the ceiling until daylight . Idk about this shit tbh I think I liked sleeping better when I could do it for more than a few hours at night . On that note to all my friends that seem to be having real problems I hope things get better for you . My the zombie wizard that knows Kung Fu be to guide you with the help you need . 
Life is like a lake in Alaska if you don't jump in head first you'll never really know how invigorating it can be ! 
One man wolf pack mother fucker !! ONE MAN WOLF PACK ! 
It's always the ones you trust that do it and it always hurts the worst when they do . They know exactly how and when to twist the blade to make it that way . 
A\ 
person has 1000 wishes . A Soldier only has one , to come home safe . I \ 
know 97% of you wont post this as your status , but the 3% that do are my\ 
friends . In honor of someone that died or is fighting for your freedom \ 
please post . Honoring veterans every day not just one day a year ! 
What's on my mind ? Simple ! COOKIES mother fucker COOKIES ! 
Dance monkey ! DANCE ! Muhahahahahahahaha 
\ So there was this thing and this guy this one time and now there's this place and this thing we don't go there or talk about them . Just sayin bro . \"" 
We got bigger problems ! There's a fuckin tiger in the bathroom ! 
One man wolf pack mother fuckers ! 
So I guess the real question is .... Spin to win or Chop Chop Pop ? 
Apparently there is no correct or incorrect way to spell a name you just put some letters together tell em what it is . My new name will be Bobeh this will be of course pronounced < PROPFIRST > . 
WWE tickets x2 need to get rid of them message me or call my cell number is on my profile we can talk about prices . 
Ok so now we pray for the Jets to win . Why you may ask .... Well I am fairly certain that the Pack can beat them at least much easier than the Steelers 
You ever sit and wonder why people that tell you to trust them lie to you constantly . 
Lunch at las palmas ! Woot I love this place noon hurry up ! 
Another year passes another day older . I don't feel much wiser , but I am grateful for all the awesome people that I have in my life . To all my old friends you guys were there for some of the best memories of my life . To all the new people well some of you I'd like to make great memories with . Well Thanks for all the birthday wishes Celebration is Saturday night at 6pm if you are interested txt me for the information . 
So ...... Had a great weekend and a super fun birthday celebration Saturday night ! thanks for coming ! 
I had it and let it slip away ! I found it and now it's gone . 
So I hold my breath ! 
So ... As I breath I know the right decision was made . Slow breaths as a recover from the feeling of excitement . It's an amazing day to be alive . I love my family all of them . 
