can't believe that school is less than a month away ... so needed more time to chill . 

cannot believe that summer is almost over and that school starts in one week . 
Monday I start school school and a new chapter in my life . 
First day of college was pretty good , even though I got homework . 
Second day of school was even better I was so close to a spur of the moment field trip to South Beach ! 
If the rest of the semester is going to be anything like last week , school is going to be pretty good for me . 
Is drowning in homework ... HELP !!! 
thinks that she has this homework thing under control ... for now any ways lol . 
is going for a morning jog . 
has homework from every class to do ... oh well . 
has homework up to her eyeballs and has midterms coming up soon . 
can tell that this week is going to be rough , even though mid terms are not that bad . 
can finally relax now that midterm grades are in and training is over with , at least till final projects are due =) 
is starting to design some of her final projects for school . 
is just about ready for finals next week ... thank god that my summer break is right after =) 
is wondering if anyone has a bair middle year book from 6th or 7th grade ? 
is happy that two of her five finals are over and done with . 
had a long day and can't wait til tomorrow morning to go running 
thinks that this is going to be an interesting week . 
is all about keeping her mind right and getting things accomplished . 
has already started to take her midterm exams and can't wait to be done with them . 
is almost done with her midterms and is still trying to figure out how to draw a male model nude for class . 
is so happy that midterms are over and done with now she can actually sleep =) 
has a feeling that this is going to be an interesting week . 
thought she could relax but , is starting to get projects and review material for finals ... winter break please come soon =) 
is staying focused to get her final exam projects done . 
this week is review then next week is finals ... winter break is almost here =) 
is thinking come Wednesday night no more school until Jan . 11 =) 
is finally enjoying her break with friends but wish that some people would keep their word . 
is on a massive cleaning spree before she goes shopping :-) 
is so happy that she passed all her classes and can officially stop thinking about school . YAY ! 
wishes everyone a < PROPFEMALE > Christmas ... hope you guys got what you wanted :-) 
says now that Christmas is over she can finally go shopping for herself :-) 
wonders why there are more and more people who don't keep their word ... at least try :-) 
says 2010 will be the year of zero tolerance for B.S. Good bye stress hello good times :-) 
is beginning to think that having expectations for other people is overated . 
First day back from break and so far so good even with homework ;-) 
wonders why so many people no longer keep their word . If you can't do it just say so . 
is trying something new less you and more me . 
is at home sick :-( 
is determined to do all her homewok and be ready for midterms that start next week . 
knows that her birthday is almost over but enjoyed it very much ... thanks everyone :-) 
is trying to figure out where's a good place for a much needed vacation ? 
is counting down to her sping break . 
is focusing on doing well on her finals next week :-) 
is ubered stressed about her finals 
hates being sick , ecspecially on the first week back . 
has officially survived all 5 of her classes ... now to do the homework ;-) 
doesn't want this to sound mean but , please don't call or text me this weekend unless its important . Taking a break :-) 
is trying to get a lot done in a little bit of time . There really should be more hours in the day for sleep :-) 
is finally starting to feel in control after a long time . < PROPFEMALE > really is a virtue . 
has nothing but homework to do for the rest of the week , so not to be mean ... please don't bother me . 
is trying to be fair but having expectations is over rated sometimes . 
is wondering if good things happen to good people , why do they usually get screwed over by the people they help ? 
is working on mid term papers and projects all this week , that will hopefully be done by Sunday . Who needs sleep lol 
someone please tell me why in hell would Bravo have a show for the next great < PROPMALE > ist , don't they know that true < PROPMALE > stands the test of time . GREAT < PROPMALE > IS NOT A TREND ! 
is just about done taking her 4th semester midterms and is already registered for her fifth .... time flies by ya fast when your busy . 
is tired of doing homework and is ready for the weekend :-) 
something that is or is to be kept in mind in making a decision , evaluating facts , etc ... for those who forget what consideration is . 
is already working on her final exam projects and portfolios ... can't believe that the semester is all most over . 
could go for a vacation . 
is going to be busy for the next few weeks doing final exam stuff . So if there is no response now you know why :-) 
is learning how to say NO to people . Not every good deed is appreciated let alone noticed . 
is starting to think maybe it’s better not to care ... no expectations means no disappointments . 
OK is it me or is it crazy that its already been a year since we graduated from high school , time flies . 
Loving my day off ... maybe I should do things for myself more often . 
is here at PHS graduation ... brings back memories . God i am so glad i don't go to this school anymore lol . 
will be so happy when I'm done with all of these papers , projects , and renderings . 
just wants this semester to be over and done with already ... Spring of 2012 sounds better and better every day :-) 
packing for long awaited trip . Thank god for family :-) 
is finally relaxing :-) 
is back and ready to continue her mini vacation ;-) 
had the best day ever and has made up her mind about a great oppurtunity :-) 
is enjoying her last week of summer vacation :-) 
is loving the start to her weekend before school starts next week :-) 
can look back now and honestly say I am proud of myself for never losing sight of what's important and excited about where I'm heading in life . 
First week back to school was actually pretty good and a lot of fun , hope the rest of the quater is like this :-) 
wonders if if its weird to love the harderest class I have this quater :-) 
I am bored out of mind in psychology class ... why am i paying money for this class ?! 
3 days of school + 4 days of work = 1 week of FUN ! 
I AM CURRENTLY DOING A SURVEY FOR MY PRODUCT DESIGN CLASS AND I NEED EVERYONE WHO IS 20-40 YEARS OLD , THAT HAS A DOG(S ) TO MESSAGE ME , PLEASE . 
I AM CURRENTLY DOING A SURVEY FOR MY PRODUCT DESIGN CLASS AND I NEED EVERYONE WHO IS 18-40 YEARS OLD , THAT HAS A DOG(S ) TO MESSAGE ME , PLEASE 
wants to thank everyone who completed the survey , it was appreciated very much :-) 
is sooo ready for another vacation :-) 
A full day of classes and work , means that I'm going to sleep well :-) 
Day two of trying to sleep in has failed miserably . 
is in class watching this depressing ass movie in the dark . 
I can't believe that in less than six months I'll be TWENTY ! Damn where did the time go ? 
woders if it's bad to want everything you ever wished for all at once ? 
I'm so ready for Fall break , only three more weeks and counting :-) 
is on cloud nine right now :-) 
Maybe I'm wrong but , the world could definitely use some more common sense and common curiosity . 
People should stop and think ... \If I treated you the way you treat me would you like it ? \"" 
I'm so glad that I graduated from PHS , setting here at my little brother's open house just reminds me how annoying it was . 
is trying something new ... more me and less you . 
Life isn't complicated people make it that way . 
is watching the episode of < PROPMALE > & < PROPFIRST > when they went to < PROPFIRST > . :) 
hates being sick :( 
is feeling a little better but her voice is still gone :( 
is getting ready for a busy week ... honestly there should be more hours in the day to sleep . 
hates how people try your < PROPFEMALE > when you barely have any left . 
People are so quick to speak but , so slow to listen . 
Breathe then relax and think ... it'll come to you eventually . It just takes time . 
Doesn't wanna get up out of bed 
Today feels like a \me\ " day ... peace of mind here I come . " 
A day of work then homework ... typical Sunday . 
There's no better feeling than being sick the week of midterms and having to work ... yay :/ 
I'm not trying to live up to your standards ... I already have my own . 
It's not that I forgot about you it's just you never mattered . 
It's just one of those days 
It's the challenges that you overcome that make you appreciate life more . And for the ones that you cannot simply test your resilience . 
is at home trying to be studious before all hell breaks loose this weekend ;) 
Looking through the sales paper with the family , planning on what stores to shop at on BLACK FRIDAY ! I love my thanksgivings :) 
It's always nice to know that you can come home and be put at ease after a really long day . 
Can't believe finals are almost here . 
There's no great feeling than the sense of accomplishment . 
So over this quarter . 
Anything in life worth having never comes easily . 
The heart will want what it wants , despite all logic . 
Just finished opening all my presents at my moms , time to go back to sleep . < PROPFEMALE > christmas 
Finally having a ME day ! 
It’s ironic how others perceive you as naïve for giving someone the benefit of the doubt . Then again not everyone deserves that luxury . 
Better and bigger things on the horizon . 
Finally made my new years resolution : to go outside my norm . 
Loving life even more at the moment , with so much to be excited about :) 
Life has been presenting me with one great opportunity after another . I know this year is going to be an amazing one ! 
This first week of 2011 has been an amazing one . I can't remember the last time I have been this excited . New year ... better times ... better me . 
At the end of the day it all comes down to your ability to see past the facade of those around you to determine their true intentions . 
I thank god for giving me the grace and strength to handle all obstacles . 
Your sadly mistaken if you think what you have is what I want . I already have something better . 
The people you surround yourself with reflect the person that you are . 
Today was just one of those days when everything just clicked ... no more mediocrity in my life . 
Maturity is not something that comes along with age but rather your ability to learn from your life experiences and grow from that to become a better person . 
I hate being at school all day , especially when I don't feel well . 
I'm on cloud nine right now ; all my hard work is finally starting to pay off . 
Thank you everyone for taking the time out yesterday to wish me a Happy Birthday , I really do apreciate it :) 
Never say things that you have no intention of doing , it's just a waste of time . 
Finished with all my midterm exams , now I'm off to enjoy the rest of my weekend :-) 
Can't wait for CO . 
Hate being sick especially around finals . 
This week is going to be a very good week . 
Finals this week so please don't ask for favors . 
One final exam done , only four more to go . 
Four exams done , only one more left . 
Finally off from work and starting to enjoy my spring break ... to bad it ends so soon . 
There's nothing like a two mile jog to ease the mind . 
Be careful of what you wish for , because you may not like the end result . 
The wisdom one gains from their maturity does not come from age but rather their ability to learn from their life experiences . 
I'm going to make the best of my day today no matter what :) 
I love being a daddy's girl :) 
Today is just one of those days . 
Since everyone wants to celebrate bin laden's death , how about we start by lowering gas prices ... just a suggestion . 
