lonely :( 

working at frames tavern tonight and tomorrow night as a fill in for extra cash ... 6-close .... come see me ! 
another fucked up valentines ! 
I want a baby kitten !!!! 
ANYONE HAVE ANY < PROPFEMALE > KITTENS YOU WANT TO GIVE AWAY ????? 
cooking breakfast .... back later 
gave up on finding kittens .... going to look at puppies 
i figured out why i am nuts !!!! MEN !!!! lol 
brb cleaning the house 
i give up on sleep !!! 
got my phone shut off ...... maybe i will get a little sleep tonight !!! 
Life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass ..... it's about learning how to dance in the rain ....... 
Off to see the wizard ..... the wonderful wizard of oz ..... 
life f*cking sucks ! 
going to get my hair chopped off .... ttyl 
off to work i go ! 
Why is that the nice people always get shit on ??? Is it possible to be hymnotized to become mean and heartless ??? 
life is too short to live in the past ..... take risks and enjoy life day by day 
fall in love or fall in hate , get inspired or get depressed , ace a test or flunk a class , make babies or make < PROPMALE > , speak the truth or lie and cheat , dance on tables or sit in corner .. life is full of divine chaos , embrace it . forgive yourself . breath . enjoy the ride .... 
grrrrr i am sick ........ tired of being hurt ..... i just give up ! 
Leave me a memory that you have about me . It doesn't matter if you know/ knew me a little or a lot ... anything you remember . Dont send a message , just leave a comment below this post . Next , repost this in your status , and see how many people leave you a memory ~ Good or bad , as long as it's true , it will do :) 
Wherever u go- whatever u do-whenever u wish- my heart is w/ u-no matter how far- i'll always be near- if ever u need me- i'll always be here ! 
having a terrible day ! I need cuddled ! :( 
Is playing hide n seek with the voices in my head , I'm under the stairs they will never find me ha . WAIT ! I DON'T HAVE STAIRS , CRAP ! WHERE AM I ?!? 
Don't waste you time on people who aren't willing to invest back in you ! 
finds it funny how people don't want their emotions played with but they are happy to play with others 
The Wizard of Oz summed up men perfectly - like the Scarecrow they have no brains , like the Tin Man they have no heart and like the Lion they are cowards !! 
new schedule ... staying up all night with my gun and gonna catch the fucker messing with my car and house !!! fucking assholes !!! 
i soooo made a point today !!!! the customers love me ! they followed me lol 
+ ALCOHOL = DISASTER 
Says a Friend-Ship is not about them ringing u everyday and being your friend its about them being there when u need them and when u need to talk to them !! 
If I hide the bills in the washing machine , will they go to the \Happy place\ " where my matching socks go ? " 
says it is raining and it is Monday that is NEVER a good way to start the week ! 
has cloned herself ... but is not sure she can live with the bitch !!! 
every girl should know there's only 2 men in her life she can always rely on 1 ) her Daddy 2 ) < PROPFIRST > Daniels , if I ever stray from this rule again smack me hard ! 
just stepped outside , closed her eyes , took a deep breath of fresh air , sipped her coffee , perfect morning ! What could go wrong ? crap ! forgot to put pants on ! 
Your heart will show you the way to great things , trust in your heart and always follow your dreams . 
A friend is someone who accepts your past , supports your present and encourages your future . That's a real friends .. friends for ever 
off to my son's school .... gonna be there all day . ugh ! lol 
Not only do i trip down the stairs i also trip up them ; NOW THAT TAKES TALENT !! And don't get me started on flat surfaces !! 
Happy Easter to All ! 
sometimes life's hardest lesson to learn is which bridge to cross and which bridge to burn 
Men aren't dogs . Dogs are sweet , loyal , and love you unconditionally . They're more like cats . Roam everywhere and only come home when they want something . 
someday you'll realize how much you cared about her and how amazing she really was .. and when that day comes , she'll be walking with the guy who already knew . This is to someone in particular . You know who you are ! 
In the end , we only regret the chances we didn't take , the relationships we were afraid to have , and the decisions we waited too long to make 
My birthday party will be at Frames Tavern Saturday April 17th at 8pm - whenever ... come see me :) 
Dear < PROPMALE > Brothers : Now that I'm an adult , I feel I'm old enough to hear what the \Beep Beep\ " is hiding when Road Runner talks to Wile E . Coyote . " 
My birthday party will be at Frames Tavern Saturday April 17th at 7pm - whenever ... come see me :) 
Thank you all for the \happy birthdays\ " ! " 
was riding a horse yesterday and fell off , almost got killed ! Luckily the Walmart supervisor saw and came over to unplug it . 
On the outside you see a smile , on the inside my body is melting away . On the outside you see me laugh , on the inside my soul is dead . 
The purple monkey in my closet just stole my Twinkies , and the little elf that lives in my jewelry box is laughing at me , I think I need new roommates 
is proud somebody actually complimented her on her driving abilities today . they left a little note on the windowscreen , \ it said parking fine ! \"" 
I miss my Ferocious boyfriend ! :) 
If I was to come with a warning label what should it say and why ? 
I'M A HANDFUL !!! Unfortunately most women won't repost this . I'm strongwilled , independent , and outspoken , I make mistakes , I am sometimes out of control and at times hard to handle-but if you can't handle me at my worst then you sure don't deserve me at my best . If ... you're a HANDFUL . then post this on your status .. I DARE You ! 
~ < PROPFEMALE > may decide who touches your Life ~ Your heart may decide who touches your Soul ~ But ... Tequila decides who touches your body ~ 
RIP < PROPFIRST > Kalman ! I love you and will miss you greatly !!! 
There's nothing like running into your ex on a good day , then throwing the car in reverse and doing it again ! :) lol 
hmmmmm lol i am confused 
heading to the shower .... 
Sometimes you have to quit thinking so much ... if it feels right , it probably is ... so just go with it ... 
i wish someones hand would fit in mine\ 
i wish someone would fill the hole in my heart\ 
i wish someone would be with me forever\ 
and forever be mine 
OK Famly I need some help since my parents don't know .... I know we have < PROPMALE > in us .... what else do we have in our family .... everyone keeps asking me if i have italian in me .... i just laugh and say I don't know I'm a mutt lmao ... HELP !! 
Friday has been brought to you by beer , friends , and gettin ' jiggy with it , and also by good times , drunk texting , and spinning when your sitting still ! 
I am very unusual , I trip upstairs , fall over nothing and I even choke on air !! :D 
When i text you it means I'm missing you . When i don't it means I'm waiting for you to miss me . If only you knew . :) 
wait for it - wait for it - < PROPFEMALE > on - nope its gone well sorry i tried to care about your feelings but i stopped caring the day you hurt mine 
I smile to make people happy , but in my head it's just to hide the pain so that people don't ask me what's wrong . :/ 
I've finally got to the point in life to where the only person I fully trust is myself ... 
thinks men are over-rated . I'm off to buy batteries - now THERE is money well spent ;-p 
PLEASE TAKE NOTE - Apparently the whole changing your profile picture to your favorite\ 
cartoon character thing was actually created by a group of pedophiles , \ 
because if children see pictures of cartoons they will add them , it was \ 
currently on the program \Internet frauds\ " and will be apparently be on tv some time tonight put this as your status to warn people and change your profile pictures back . Thank You " 
I accidentally smoked the cat nip and the cats got my weed ~ now they're raiding the fridge and I'm rolling around on the floor playing with a ball of yarn ~ 
Nothing feels sweeter then when a man softly brushes your hair away and kisses you softly ... 
is so happy that even an elephant with bladder problems couldn't piss on my parade ! :) 
LET'S SEE WHO IS PAYING ATTENTION . EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOU ARE ON MY FRIENDS LIST AS A RESULT OF A CONSCIOUS DECISION . I WANT YOU THERE . I AM NOT ONLY GLAD TO COUNT YOU AS FRIENDS BUT ALSO FAMILY . LETS SEE WHO ACTUALLY PAYS ATTENTION . COPY THIS AS YOUR STATUS JUST FOR A MINUTE . I'LL BE WATCHING TO SEE WHO REALLY DOES . < PROPFEMALE > FAMILY . & FRIENDSHIP . THANK YOU FOR BEING PART OF MY LIFE . < PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS TO ALL !!! 
[ Poke ] me if you ever had a crush on me or still do .. \ 
[ LIKE ] This status if you think am a good friend .. \ 
[ MESSAGE ] me if u ever wanted a relationship with me .. and i wont tell a soul\ 
[ COMMENT ] On this if we have had good memories .. \ 
NOW LET'S SEE WHO'S BRAVE ENOUGH TO COPY THIS AND PUT ON THEIR STATUS !! 
What do men have in their pants that is 6 inches , has a head on it , and women like to blow it ? \ 
Answer : A $20 dollar < PROPMALE > 
didn't get much sleep last night , I tried counting sheep but they kept cutting in line , confused the hell outta me ! 
Omg ! Never bend over to tie your shoe at giant eagle ! Some guy almost smacked my ass and his wife was right beside him ! Lmao 
noticed the blue kangaroo sitting on her couch blowing bubbles and thought to herself ... where did he get bubbles ? i want bubbles ... hmmm 
so you take a left on crazy , and keep going until you hit insane . then follow that down to cuckoo , and there you are on my drive way !!! 
Working at Frame's Tavern tonight ...... Thanks for the hours < PROPFEMALE > lol :) 
wonders exactly what was the person who found milk really doing to the cow before hand ? 
A pharmaceutical truck was robbed today , all of the Viagra was stolen , the police have asked the public to be on the lookout for a group of hardened criminals 
