2 Days until the big game , Go Jackets . 

HOW BOUT THEM DAWGS ! 
great day to be a Yellowjacket fan . 
JUST ONE THING TO SAY , HOW BOUT THEM DAWGS !!!!! 
How bout them JACKETS !!! 
HOW BOUT THEM JACKETS , HUGE HUGE WIN .. 
GREAT DAY TO BE A GA TECH FAN , 8-1 RECORD HOW SWEET IT IS ... OH BY THE WAY HOW BOUT THEM DAWGS ...... 
JUST HAVE ONE THING TO SAY ... HOW BOUT THEM DAWGS 
Today is the big day , Jackets and the dawgs .. keep an eye out for us at the game . 
2nd half lets go jackets 
Not the outcome I had hoped for , We still had an awesome season . only 1 thing to say WAIT TILL NEXT YEAR .... GO JACKETS . 
just back from seeing AVATAR in 3D AWESOME ... 
what do you call a person who pulls over on the side of the road to take a picture of a swowman with a very special part ... hint hint ... and gets stuck ... give up .. my son .. Sorry Tyler .. but you asked for it . Love ya Dad . 
< PROPMALE > CONICK , COME ON ... GENTLEMAN START YOUR ENGINES 
I found out i lost a dear friend today , He passed 3 years ago , I lost touch with him and will never forgive myself for not staying in touch . We are all busy and have own lives but reach out and remind your friends and family that you love them , You never know if it may be your last . You will be missed < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > . 
Let's see who is paying attention .... Every single one of you are on my Friend list as a result of a conscious decision . I am not only glad to count you as friends but also as family ! Let's see who in my Friends list actually pays attention . Copy and paste this in your status . On your marks ... get set ... GO I'm paying attention 
Bra colors made FaceBook news BUT WILL THIS ? Lets support our Troops . If you support our Troops then please post this on your status and leave it there for one hour . There should be no excuses from anyone !! This ... should appear in everyone's status !!!! 
nite nite to all in FB land . Looking forward to a wonderful Thursday . 
Everyone is talking about freaknik coming next week , and get ready because in 2 weeks all The Mexicans will be here .. Have you heard of it SPICNIK .. LOL 
Mom , I wish Heaven had a phone so I could hear your voice again ~ I thought of you today ~ but that is nothing new ~ I thought about you yesterday ~ and days before that too ~ I think of you in silence ~ I often speak your name ~ All I have are memories and a picture in a frame ~ Your memory is a keepsake ~ from which i'll never part ~ God has you in his arms ~ I have you in my heart ~ Repost if you have someone in Heaven 
spent a wonderful weekend with my beautiful daughter , dollar movie which by the way is now 1.50 still a bargin . Avatar is awesome even for the 2nd time . Now off to make Taco Pie .. 
Repost if you have someone in Heaven . I thought of you today , but that is nothing new . I thought about you yesterday , and days before that too . I think of you in silence , I often speak your name . All I have are memories and a picture in a frame . Your memory is a keepsake , from which I'll never part . God has you in his arms I have you in my heart ! 
People need to understand that children with special needs don't have an illness , so there is no cure & it's not contagious . They only want what we all want , to be accepted . 93% of you probably won't copy and paste this ~ Will you be in the 7% that will and leave it on your status for at least an hour . It's Special Education Week 
Every single one of you are on my friend list as the result of a conscious decision . I wanted you there . I am not only glad to count you as friends , but also as family !!! Lets see who in my friends list actually pays attention . Copy and paste this in your \ 
status . I will be watching to see who really is ... I < PROPFEMALE > our friendship ... 
Lets flood FB with this ... I pledge\ 
allegiance to the flag of the United States of < PROPFEMALE > , and to the\ 
republic for which it stands : one Nation under GOD , indivisible , with\ 
< PROPFEMALE > and Justice for all . REPOST IF YOU THINK GOD , OUR COUNTRY , AND\ 
OUR FLAG DESERVE RESPECT !! Let's see how many < PROPFEMALE > ns will repost 
< PROPMALE > Cruise on MTV awards show is funny as hell ... check it out . 
Dad just a quick note to say Happy Fathers day Love and Miss You see you in August . 
Just wanted to say Thank You for all the Happy Fathers day wishes from everyone , as grateful as I am it would have been nice to hear from my sons , but i guess they were just to busy with there own affairs to make a phone call . 
long day at work glad to be heading home 
¯`*• . ¸ IT'S DAUGHTER WEEK ! ¸ . • *´¯) If you have a daughter(s ) who makes your life interesting and fun , who has been a blessing in your life and makes life worth living just by being around - copy and paste this to your status . ? Your daughters will outgrow your lap , but never your heart ...? 
Every single one of you are on my friends list as the result of a conscious decision . I wanted you there . I am not only glad to count you as friends , but also as family !!! Lets see who in my friends list actually pays attention . Copy and paste this in your status . I will be watching ... to see who really is ... I < PROPFEMALE > ... friendships !! : ) 
at < PROPFEMALE>'s open house for school wow where did the summer go ? 
CAN YOU SAY HOT .... NO I MEAN HOT ... DID I TELL YOU IT IS HOT OUTSIDE . 
How truly blessed I am to have so many friends , I would like to Thank everyone for the wonderful Birthday wishes . So from the bottom of my heart Thank You . 
Wow forgot how much fun it is to < PROPFEMALE > with friends 
If you think , that putting up a mosque , 600 ft . from ground zero and have the inauguration , on the anniversary of 9/11/11 , is immoral , inhuman and a complete lack of respect for the memories , of all that perished there , on that day and their survivors . That politicians are doing a grave injustice to the fallen heroes , ... their families and all the people of New York City , THEN PLEASE COPY AND PASTE THIS TO YOUR WALL 
Go Braves , think Mr < PROPFIRST > will make a great fit . 
Wow where has the summer gone ? The great thing about the end of summer is Fall and that means Football ... College Football .. so here we go\ 
HOW BOUT THEM YELLOWJACKETS . 
1st time at Friday Nite Drags pretty damn awesome 
( FBOOK ) 
Question , What does a Ga Fan do when the Dawgs win the Nat'l Championship ? \ 
\ 
Turn the Playstation off ...... OMG now that is funny .. 
So this is what it feels like to be on Vacation , What a Awesome day spending time with my Father and 2 sons .. 
Awesome time with my Dad and Family hate for it to end . Now the hard part the 10 hour drive home 
What an Awesome day for College Football .... HOW BOUT THEM YELLOWJACKETS !!!!!!! 
I have always been a Tech Fan and will always be , My head was splitting due to the piss poor play today and had to turn it off about middle of the 4th . It was like a bad dream then got up and check to see the final score TECH WINS .... TECH WINS ... so I say this now , no matter how bad the score I will just have to deal with it . Sorry guys won't happen again . 
Oh by the way It is not any fun giving the Ga fans a hard time anymore , It is like taking a bottle from a baby , because they can not do anything about it . 
Sometimes I wonder is at worth it .... 
If your dad is or was your hero , your best friend or just the best dad ever . Whether you are blessed to still have your dad with you or he is an angel in heaven , copy and past this in your status . Let everyone knowyou are proud of your dad and love him dearly ! I ? u Dad thanks for ALWAYS being there !!! 
come on jackets .... yea baby ...... 
%#$^$^%#^&%#$#$#$ ! that just sucks 
Just would like to wish 2 very important people in my life a Happy Birthday and would like to say how lucky I am to have them in my life ... The 1st is my little < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > what a special gift she is , and the 2nd my < PROPFIRST > ..... Happy birthday love you both ... 
oh the weather outside is spiteville ahhh come on you know the words ... everybody sing ... ( fill in the rest ) 
What a WEEK ... feel like I am on a Roller Coaster Ride with no seatbelt ... All I can say is Thank You Lord oh and would like to give a very big Thank You to my Co workers for all you have done in order for us to make it though these very stressful times ... Chin up everyone ... got to get some shades cause the future is looking brighter .... 
Where is all the Christmas Spirt , anyone have any ideas .. 
I want to say < PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all ... people say things happen for a reason , and you know what , it is true . You think that your hard work never pays off well your wrong . Just want to send out a special thank you to some very special people who always have and always will be Family ..... SE , KW , SB , can not wait to see what our future holds , soooo come on 2011 
Today I left a Job of many years which should have not been as easy as it was , for the simple reason . You can only give up so much before you just have to say is it all worth it . And in my case no , so I will enjoy the Holidays with family and friends Then Start all over .. And ya know what I am not worried one bit . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone .... 
Feeling pretty good , starting over , 
