i want to take a shower but my legs aren't letting me . 

Today was really great . I hope we can do this again sometime soon . :) 
Happy new years to you too , Kid . 
Aww yeah .. \ 
\ 
;) 
Everyone's asleep . LOL 
This year is going to GREAT . \ 
:D 
Blisters 
Ah , rain . Because of you I missed out on Taco < PROPFEMALE > ... 
Who said \all-female\ " bands suck ? " 
... make my day why don't ya ? 
going through last.fm ... 
everything on T.V. sucks !!! 
The Soup is pretty freaking funny ! 
my neighborhood won't let me schlafen . 
there are hooligans fighting in the apartments next door . and i can't sleep . i hope they die ... 
I don't care for Iron Man 2 , Transformers , Avatar , Saw , nor Shrek . So quit bugging please ! 
I feel like a complete zombie . 
can i have you ? 
The math part of the GED was way too easy !!! 
The way I feel tonight , I could die and i wouldn't mind . 
what's the deal with all these smear campaigns on t.v. ? It's really annoying . 
I don't know how to continue like this . It's starting to kill me . 
Don't stop . Isn't it funny how you shine ? 
I found a 5 leaf clover the other day , but nothing awesome has happened yet . :/ 
I'm up for downers ! 
I'm down for uppers ! 
I ranked 90% on the Math portion of the GED . 8 ) 
so much inspiration , so little time . but maybe it's just laziness . 
gesichtbuch moble sucks !!! 
Passed my GED with an average score of 602 which is equal to a 3.5 GPA . I'm so proud of myself ! :) 
I don't need to worry about High School anymore ! Now I have work and College to look forward to . :/ 
i be feeling sick . 
< PROPFEMALE > is amazing (: 
I've been \off\ " all day . " 
Ugh . Spoiled milk . Way to ruin my cerial ... 
Tell me where you're going because I want to go down with you :) 
Can't get my head off the ground 
Maybe I'm trying too hard ... don't know if I should just give up . :( 
can't sleep ... 
I might get a hair cut tomorrow . I dunno . lol . 
And i might start using a nail clipper on my fingernails instead of teeth . haha . 
A promise is a promise . I'm not giving up . 
I'd give you my lovin ' . Seven days a week . 
You're so sweet , girl :) 
At < PROPMALE>'s house . flancid and all :/ 
baby wipe flavored jelly bellies ? really ? 
I once had a girl , or should I say , she once had me . :) 
nevermind ... 
Trust . I have it . :) 
Kittens . I have many . Want one ? 
Dogs . I don't have one . Give me yours . 
i hope today turns out great ! 
I'm feeling it 
I sit in the state of a daydream with all of your words flying over my head 
for the first time ever , i want summer to end . 
Isn't it ironic ? 
I'm back from that lame party . I'm really glad I'm home though . 
When I hold you in my arms and I feel my finger on your \ 
trigger . I know nobody can do me no harm because happiness is a warm gun :) 
I saw a guy who looked like a Mexican Ringo < PROPFEMALE > at the party today . With his cowboy hat and glasses and all . lol 
I've waited hours for this . I've made myself so sick . I wish I'd stayed \ 
asleep today . 
I take pictures in my bathroom cause it's the only room with good lighting . lol . 
drawing and sketching stuff right now . And don't worry , I haven't forgotten . 
watching youth in revolt . 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > sure knows what he's talking about . 
I feel like I can relate to you in every single way for once . Why did I ever look down upon you ? 
whenever I listen to music , I'm inspired to write some music , but I don't want to stop listening , so I don't write anything . 
Lol @ < PROPFIRST>'s anger issues . 
Maybe the only way to coexist is to just be quiet . 
pullin ' weeds . 
I might head over to San < PROPFIRST > Obispo for a few months , guys . 
Flower , seize the hour . Flower , away . 
Come to me , let me hold you still . I'm so tired , just as tired as you . 
Feeling confident . Tomorrow's gonna be a good day . It is . 
Tired . Tired of all this animosity and B.S. 
my sweet young thing ain't sweet no more 
Tomorrow may rain , so I'll follow the sun . 
Very inspired at the moment . I think writing a song will satisfy me . :) 
I want her everywhere and if she's beside me I know I need never care . 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > puede ser usted la persona que < PROPFEMALE > voy a decir . 
Si 
It just so happens , that my parents left to the police station without me . Looks like they're going to have to find a translator elsewhere . 
oh tits ! i misplaced my journal ! oh jeeeeeeeeez ... 
wow ... i hope you're ok . i'm pretty worried right now . :/ 
I'm going to start saving up for a harmonica and a harmonica brace thing . 
Feeling slow ... I thought it was going to be Monday tomorrow . 
Donde estas ?!?! 
Stay alive my friend , all is going to be fine . 
Thank you for waking me up < PROPMALE > . Now leave !!! 
Just finished painting my living room . It would have been awesome if my mother let me paint anything I wanted on the walls . 
send me another stupid email . go for it ! 
LOL ! Someone set the trash can in my alley on fire and the firemen are turning it off . 
My best friend's garage was set on fire and now I'm contemplating on whether to shoot a bum or not . 
Any time at all , all you've gotta do is call , and I'll be there 
something is keeping me awake . fear ? 
Just caught the wiff of Ramen Noodles ... Gonna go follow it ... 
My pants need to get dry already !!! I can't do anything without any pants on ... or can I ? 
Breathe out , so I could breathe you in . Hold you in . 
Had a pretty cool day today ! < PROPMALE > out with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > and played call of duty and rock band all day ! 
This heat ... it's draining me and making me feel worse than I do now . 
I can hardly breathe . 
I got in trouble for going home late , but it was all worth it . :) 
Recording some demos for a song i'm in the process of writting . 
ugh ... it's hot . 
Codas are coooooool !!!!!!!! 
Had a good long talk with my < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ! Thanks for your help bro ! 
Ay my knee feels really sore ... I don't think I'm going to be able to walk tomorrow :/ 
Listening to < PROPMALE > Smith and getting Cat Breath to bite me . It kinda hurts but it's funny , hahaha . Message me or something , yeah ? 
who wants a crayon sandwich ??? i have extra tickle-me-pink and indian red . 
Can't get enough of < PROPMALE > Smith ... I wish he never would have died . 
Woke up with the terrible taste of blood in my mouth . And my jaw feels all weird . I wonder if someone punched me in my sleep . I don't know ... 
At < PROPMALE>'s taking random pictures of each other ! 
I need a someone to keep me up because I feel like I'm completely falling apart . 
heading to gilroy ! 
I love you all . Every single one of you . 
You know I would never mean harm . You are the world to me . 
another fire in my alley ... 
WOAH !!! New Beavis and Butthead episodes ??? :O \ 
... with them making fun of the more modern music videos .... sweet ... 
I wish I could be the one to make you smile again . 
The biggest migrane in the world is consuming me whole . 
need to get another filling cause one of them chipped ! 
i'm looking at a hand full of broken plans and i'm tired of playing it down 
You're just somebody that I used to know . 
Ran out of shaving blades . So I guess I'm going to make the best of it and grow a beard until I get some money ! 
Here with < PROPMALE > waiting for his mom to give us a ride home . For the meanwhile , i'm watching him yell at a ball . Hahaha . 
I'm half way through the painting ! Guess who owes me a dollar ? 
Finished the painting . Now I see why people think I'm weird . 
my sister < PROPFEMALE > is the coolest person in the planet 
Rat Breath . Possibly the funniest cat you will ever meet . lol ! 
Way to kick off August :) 
I had the coolest dream last night where I was talking to all four of the Beatles . 
Don't need money if you've got soul 
Putting my hair up in a brohawk tomorrow , just for you . :D 
Today ruled !!! I got to < PROPFEMALE > out with < PROPFEMALE > . I'm so glad I get to talk to you again ! :)) 
Just drank a rockstar . 8 ))))))))) 
I'm doing a complete diet change ... again . lol . 
Starting to get sick . 
There's nothing but Hot Cheetos , Lemon < PROPMALE > , and Lime in my system :) 
Painting 
This smoothie ... isn't so \smooth\ " ... hmmmmmmmm ... still good ! " 
Lookin ' around for some paintbrushes to paint something awfully awesome lol . 
That's ju-ju-just excellente ! Oh ! 
I'm itching to finish this portrait , but I need assistance of my < PROPFEMALE > brush , which I can't find , to finish it . 
Rest in peace , Tio < PROPMALE > . Even though a car wreck to you away from us physically , you'll always be with us in our hearts . 
everything's okay .... 
T.V. on Friday nights make me want to take a dump :( 
There's a zit on my eyelid !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Had a great time hanging out with my good < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > and his girlfriend . Thanks guys ! 
That's EXACTLY what I'm talking about . 
It's funny how everyone's going to bed early now , but no one is falling asleep cause their too excited for school to start . lol . 
Sometimes I feel like walkin ' alone . 
I'm never gonna know you now , but I'm gonna love you anyhow . 
I think Rat Breath has some problems with the neighbor cats hahaha 
Wow . Listening to the American Idiot CD brings a lot of memories . Awkward preteen memories ... lol . 
feeling like a zombie ... B ( 
Gonna paint a portrait now ... a very spontaneous one ... 
Heyyyyyyyyyyyy !!! Found my < PROPFEMALE > brush !!! 
is writing some poetry or song or whatever you want to call it . :) 
Who wants to start a C86/indie rock/twee pop band ? 
Man , I think I'm keeping my beard for a few weeks . 
It's been a while since I heard your pretty music 
Show me you're the one that can make me happy . 
I got a cell phone , finally . lol . 
I named my phone \Appropriate Liver Transplant . \ " Doesn't that sound appropriate ? " 
B ( 
My cousin's staying over . gonna go binge on ibuprofen now . 
shit . he thinks i'm going to work in the morning . 
Wow . Listening to < PROPFEMALE > Underground & Nico while asleep sure gives me the trippiest dreams . 
writing a letter . :) 
When I see you , it's like a dream . There's no words for how I feel . 
Finally , after 8 to 10 weeks , I got my Free 20oz . Sobe coupon . Sweet . 
watching < PROPFEMALE > on PBS . lol 
Man I miss my skateboard . :( 
I want to go see Machete . 
i know what your trying to pull . and it's not going to work . 
this is the 5th time reading your letter :] 
Drawing Hipsters sure does make time fly . lol 
:P 
I'm having Fallout 3 withdraws . Gonna go back to watching gameplay videos ... :/ 
Stoked for tomorrow ! 
Drawing more stuff in the notebook !!! 
wow , I guess not having cable in my room isn't so bad ! The Police are playing on PBS ! 
is running on 3 hours of sleep . Bring it on , Monday ... 
shaken , not stirred . 
Solution to our problems #1 : Read a book . Then throw it . 
oh boy ! snickers for dinner . 
great day !!! :))) 
Gonna record a cover of \Perfect Day\ " by < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > on guitar tonight . :) " 
I should be cleaning at this very moment , but ... 
Solution to our problems #39 : Perform open heart surgery on your favorite relative to relieve stress and boredom . 
Today was my cat Rat Breath's birthday . Happy birthday dude ! 
Kinda wore out my capo . I think I need a new one . 
Jesus 
Tomorrow , I'm not sure what I'm going to do . This weekend is a very messy one . haha 
going to my brother's house later for my niece's birthday 
I want to watch House ! 
back from < PROPFIRST>'s birthday party ! lol great times !! :] 
What I wouldn't do for a natural British accent . haha 
sudden urge to paint ... gah ... can't fight it ! bye ! 
Started on my painting , did chores , took a ghetto bath , and now I'm listening to some Iggy Pop and The Stooges ... yesssss 
Now that I have < PROPMALE > in my hands , I'm going to play some tunes . 8 ) 
Fight Club is a pretty badass movie . 
Halo : Reach is amazing . 
my cat farted . 
REALLY ??? WOOOOOOOOW ... 
Mind putting the volume down out there , < PROPFEMALE > ? It's almost 1am . 
House is on . Good day . 
the ez smoker electric cigarette commercial is ridiculously hilarious ! 
Had the worst nightmare ever last night . :( 
Everybody was Foppin ' 
Oh crap . I slightly chipped my tooth . haha 
Had a good/awkward day today at Bullard High with < PROPFEMALE > Salinas and all her cool/interesting friends . 
I need some Sleep or else I'm going to die . lol :) 
She said : \Sir 
Blegh ... no more McD's for me X(\ 
Got a migraine from their McNuggets . : I 
Geez , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > sure did get skinny . haha 
WOW , SERIOUSLY ? 
I\ 
want to be a distinguished fisherman with a doctorate in business \ 
administration and nursing and has a keen taste for the finer things in \ 
life , like operating heavy machinery in public junkyards and Pilates . 
holy crap my left arm just died and i can't move it . lol . i'm not even kidding . brb . 
Excuse me as I do the technicolor yawn . D: 
I caught Spiderman's sneaky ass kissing my girlfriend and I beat him to a pulp with a rubber hose . 
If you'll be straight with me , I'll be straighter with you 
Just got back from a pretty cool party . Had fun picking on kids who threw rocks at cars and bikers with < PROPMALE > Medel . 
Listening to \Help ! \ " during REM is kinda funny . hahaha " 
So I'm most likely starting work this week . Can't wait til I get called in !! 
ah ... N64 :) 
My sister's wearing a romper . I don't even know what the hell it is , but it sounds funny . lol 
Don't you knock on my door . I can't answer you anymore . 
Gonna go play Pokémon Snap with my friends ! 
My cat just mangled a squirrel to death . I'm proud :') 
lame . 
my 60 gigs of music , gone ... 
One day , you'll look to see I've gone . 
painting always does good to one . 
got the job . starting tomorrow morning . 
:/ 
I think I'm going to go plop myself onto my bed right now . 
She don't need no one , and she don't need me . :) 
Next time , I'll just stay home . Don't trip . :] 
I knew all about your plans\ 
I really did understand\ 
But you didn't let me know\ 
I wasn't invited to go . 
Rad .. 
OKLAHOMA !!! 
Work tomorrow ! X ) 
My limbs feel like spaghetti . 
At < PROPMALE>'s listening to him talk to himself . haha 
I feel pretty , pretty enough for you . I felt so ugly before , I didn't know what to do . 
Like my status and I'll tell you : 1 ) Something I've learned about you by looking at your wall for 13 seconds . 2 ) The color you remind me of . 3 ) My first memory of you . 4 ) The animal you remind me of . 5 ) Ask something I've always wondered about you . 6 ) My favorite thing about you . 7 ) Give ... you a weird nickname . 8 ) What's on my shirt now . 9 ) Challenge you to post this . 
If I die , I want you to remember me by the letter \O \"." 
you should see my tan . it's ridiculously funny . 
I'm letting my locks rise from their roots once again . 
I just realized a huge chunk of my next paycheck is going to The Man . 
like this status if you like LINKING PARK !! 1 ! OMFG !!! 1 ! 8 ) 
Good day at work :) 
Ahhhh finally a day off :) 
Spoiled milk and LIFE cerial ... mmmm ... \ 
-__- 
Gonna head over to Fresno City in a bit 
its funny when you give a complete stranger your phone number . Hahaha good day . 
I really can't wait til ' I start at FCC now :) 
Good-ass day at work !! :) 
Gettin ' a debit card with a truckin ' panda on it in 2 to 3 weeks !!! :) 
Today was a really good day ! :) \ 
Gonna go sleep now . :) 
Going to FCC again :) cya ! 
You don't know how good it feels to remember you had beef jerky in your other pants ... and it's still there . :) 
< PROPMALE > is one cool cat . B ] 
Another night I get to sleep in . Good weekend so far :) 
< PROPFEMALE > Underground & Nico . 
Excess skin ... LéMAO . 
Gonna get a car by the end of the year !!! 
gonna go to work in a few minutes , yet I don't have a ride :/ 
got the day off tomorrow and possibly Friday & Saturday cause a cat got stuck in the drain and died . :( 
Well , ain't that something .... 
I know how you feel . :/ 
Night Sweats . Why ? 
Went to Fresno City today and < PROPMALE > out with < PROPFIRST > Rodriguez , Cristian Garcia , and < PROPMALE > Lopez . 
I've got work tomorrow :/\ 
But at least my Descendents t-shirt came in ! 
Ohhhhhhhh .... <3 \ 
LOL :) 
absolutely drained . 
Surprisingly , I have slept a full 9 hours last night . lol 
It's cold , but at least I got an xbox 360 . 
McRib is seriously the nastiest thing to be put on this earth . X ( 
Jersey shore guy right next to me . 
Please send me your bones ! It's an EMERGENCY ! 
It's a no-win situation since they annoy or bore me when they try to function . 
Yeah , I want you to fill in this void again . 
I just want a lover like any other , what do I get ? 
Paid my sister to clean my room and all she did was hide everything . B ( 
I'm gonna get going on a drawing I've been planning for a month already . 
I'm getting rid of my Xbox 360 tomorrow and getting a longboard or electric guitar instead . :) 
Got my money back , got rid of my Xbob , and now I'm heading to my < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Mann's house ! :) 
I've survived 18 years and 364 days so far . yesssssssssss .... 
Being 19 doesn't feel as hormonal as it used to feel when I was younger . I kinda miss it . It was fun . :/ 
finished recording a video with my friend Horse & < PROPMALE > The Cam Man . Gonna edit a little bit and should be ready by tonight . Sweeeeeeeet . \ 
-Grandfather Clock . 
lol maybe tomorrow actually 
Goodbye . Goodbye . 
R.I.P. Grandma . I love you & I miss you . 
We need another 80s . 
I got the day auf . 
Thought of you as my mountain top , thought of you as my peak . Thought of you as everything I had , but couldn't keep . 
My nose is like a cake slop dispenser . breathing in flour all day isn't very pleasant , I tell you what .... 
Just finished eating fishsticks ... gonna go get more . brb ... 
Good night all . And sweet dreams . :') 
Gonna go make breakfast for my family right now ! Bacon ? maybe ... 
First you must learn to smile as you kill . 
is horsing around with < PROPFEMALE > . :D 
Stupid E key . Why won't you work ? 
I am ... \ 
Hungry . 
Playing The Legend Of Zelda : Twilight < PROPFEMALE > on my Wii . 
Work tomorrow . B(\ 
Overtime pay . 8 ] 
Good night buttwipes ! 
At Ernestos playing black ops \ 
fun day :) 
ADHD much ? \ 
oh , < PROPMALE > ... 
this weekend has really really fun . I'm sure going to miss it . 
Today looked really nice outside . Good enough to take a leisurely stroll . \ 
Rofl . 
I just bumped my head really hard on my turntable and now I feel completly braindead . \ 
not cool . 
Slowdiving into space .... 
Today was a pretty fun day . I hope this weekend kicks ass . 
I just killed a spider . And I feel HORRIBLE for it . 
\Hey Butthead 
I'll be your mirror ; Reflect what you are . 
I don't want to be your backup plan . I don't want to be used . 
It's time for us to spread our wings , and fly , fly far away . You and I , together . 
I saw it coming . And I could care less ... 
Fuck yeah . \ 
It's Friday ... 
Tang and Wafers on a rainy day , anyone ? 
Gotta go , Buffalo ... \ 
See you soon , Big Baboon ! 
Where are you ?? 
Good luck sleeping with a stomach full of < PROPFIRST>'s Jr , < PROPMALE > . 
Anyone want to start an Indie Pop band ? lol :) 
Knight !!! 
easier said than done .... 
Christmas could have been better . :/ 
Four or less letter names are the best . 
Bear's night <3 I got my leather outfit with 100 studs . suck on that leather outfit warehouse and your premium chained leather that i couldn't afford . the hand-sewn interior pockets are a sweet surprise . :^{ D > 
I just created something on KidPix , but I have no clue how to upload it . :/\ 
Ah ... the nostalgia . 
Whatever ... 
ALL keeps skipping . Kinda hard to enjoy it . :/ 
Ah , appearantly some people don't understand the concept of irony . 
Friday's going to be fun . Can't wait ! :) 
You're just some dude with a stilted attitude that you learned from T.V. 
Your standards ... \ 
Not mine . 
You're my favourite fascination . 
Nevermind . I'll take it all back . 
Out of the blue ... 
Hit me with your best shot , kid . I dare ya ' ... 
I'ma get me a UFO when I grow up . 
Weird ... a vein under my tongue got caught in between two of my bottom teeth for a second . 
I'm done with everything ... I just want to go to sleep right now ... 
I hate waiting to give someone their birthday present ... I just want to see their reaction already ! 
My room smells like cheerios . And we don't have any ... \ 
... gross . 
I could sure use a friend to talk to at the moment ... 
So ... What's Glee ? 
They should make Pringles cans similar to Pez dispensers . Then I wouldn't have to shove my whole hand in the can and get it stuck every time . 
I noticed that peacemakers are always the ones that get the bad end of the deal . And I wonder why ... 
those were a great 3 hours of sleep ... 
Server ... sooooooooo slow ..... Brain .... soooooooo tired ..... 
Drawing a squid 
Sandwiches always make me more hungry than before . oh well . Night . 
I got demoted from being a Scorpio to being a Libra ... Great . B ( 
Thorns . 
I'll be able to die in peace once Facebook adds a \Pork\ " button . " 
Class got canceled today . Time to plan out my weekend . 
Howdy ? 
Excuse me as I laugh at that one ... \ 
Chimes sing Sunday morn\ 
Today's the day she's sworn\ 
To steal what she never could own\ 
And race from this hole she calls home 
My room is about 20° colder than the rest of my house . Great . 
Jazz is lookin ' mighty fine ... 
Aw man ... can't wait to sleep in tomorrow morning . 
Who wants to be my flatmate ? 
Sucking up sure does get the mood going ... haha 
Chauvinist Pigs ... 
I'm getting my internet chopped off sometime soon today . So I won't be on very often . Call or Text me or something . 
Hanging out in my room , taking it easy , and listening to < PROPMALE > Young . 
Got a new hardcover sketchbook . Awesome . 
Agh ... Muse . B [ 
Oh man , I just bought \The Pooter\ " without really thinking about it ... hahaha . \ 
Game shows are incredibly corny nowadays . Haha 
I've gotta question :\ 
What's your FUCKING problem ? 
Can't sleep ... don't want to resort to pills now . haha . 
My dad's watching Maury for some reason . He doesn't even know what they're saying . He's just watching it with a big smile in his face ... \ 
I think he's high . 
Comcast cut my internet . Assholes ... 
Maybe we'll meet again someday . 
In music appreciation . :) 
1991 was way better than 1993 . 
I don't want my Wii anymore . I need to get rid of it . 
I feel like going somewhere but I don't know where ... 
Why does my life have to be so small , yet death is forever ? 
Today is going to be good ... I hope . x ) 
So tomorrow's < PROPFIRST>'s day , I hear , lol . 
Delusional as delusional gets . LOL 
:'( 
It seems everyone's been having a terrible day today . 
I wanted to make a good impression , but instead I look away . 
Today was a pretty cool day . :) 
If I don't eat at this moment , I'm going to pass out ... but I do need the sleep ... 
I just realized I'm always online even though I literally am not . I blame android . B ( 
Frère < PROPMALE > ? 
Dormez-vous ? 
The world was waiting just for you ... 
It's freeeeeeeeeeeeeeeezing , dude ! 
I think I have a fever coming in . I hope I'll be fine by tomorrow . 
Cramming . With a fever . owwwwwwwww .... 
All ? ... NO , ALL !! 
Asshat . 
\Beer Can\ " in a Brittish accent sounds an awful lot like \ " Bacon\ " in a Jamaican accent . Bricks will be shat tonight . " 
I got my mp3 player stolen at school . Lol haha lameee ... lol 
aw , shit .... \ 
... it's late . : B 
Are you serious ??? B ( 
I could make you satisfied in everything you do . All your secret wishes could right now be coming true . And be forever with my poison arms around you . No one's gonna fool around with us . 
I live with thirteen dead cats and a purple dog that wears spats . 
Today was good ... might head to Tower later ! 
Gonna start swimming next week . Hopefully the weather's great by then . :] 
I had an ' Epic ' fall on a scooter today and got a scrape on me knee . It was like I was revisiting my childhood again . Today was a good day ... 
I've got asphalt jammed in my skin ... Awww Yeah .... 
My phone just experienced the rinse cycle . LOL 
Let's get out of this country and hit the road to nowhere . 
If I could be anyone of the things in this world that bite , Instead of an ocelot on a leash , I'd rather be a kite . And be tied to the end of your string and flying in the air , babe , at night . 
I might just move to Oakhurst just to get classes for college . FCC is absolutely ridiculous ... 
Steal some gas , fix my motor , put on my Beatles tape , and get you out of my head !! 
PROPANE !!! 
Ah ... Nothing better than playing the acoustic on a rainy night . 
Today seems like a good day to listen to some Space Rock . Aw yeah ... 
Playin ' Black Cops . lol 
Gonna go take a walk . Maybe it'll clear up my head . 
Oh I know you'd never let me down . :] 
Today was pretty rad . Really rad , actually . 
Set for next semester . Bring it on . 
Skankin ' in my room ! Woo ! 
Swim class is giving me the perma-munchies . 
Today's a really nice day . :] \ 
WTF . 
In that case , I know who to say away from . :) 
You think your life is really tough when your daddy won't buy you a brand new car . 
I just got Dirty Harry'd . lol 
Strep Throat . I gits it . 
It was actually a really bad case of the allergies . B ( 
Swim is turning me so brown . haha 
Hockey is badass , dude . 
My nose can do a great impersonation of a water faucet . 
I've been sleeping all day and I feel worse than before . 
On my way to Valhalla . 
I really need to buy some new strings for June cause my fingers have been smelling like rust for the past 2 hours . lol 
Gonna live my life being extras and stand-ins in movies for free food . Eventually working my way up to a starring role in an epic motion film . Oh yeah ... 
\I use Facebook to bitch about someone instead of saying it to their face . \ " lol " 
FaceTime anyone ? Lol 
I too play the guitar ... but sometimes , I play the fool . 
Slamming the door on Jehovahs feels kinda good . 
I think a chunk of my hair is missing from today ... oh well . Lol 
Such a nice day today ! 
Chick musicians are sexy . 
Yes I am mother nature's son . And I'm the only one . 
Fuuuuuuuuuuuuck ! it's Been a hecka long minute !! 
I’m glad I didn’t die before I met you . 
Just got the sudden urge to watch a 90's Disney Channel movie . 
Shit I just woke up from a 2 hour nap and I've lost track of time and reality . Lol 
Gahhhh ... :/ 
White boy funk sucks !! 
Today was radical . 
Working on a comic and I plan on showing no one . >:] 
I don't think I'm going to sleep tonight ... haha 
It's like she's talking directly to my soul . 
I'm done with kiddy drama-ramma . \ 
Gonna go buy myself a bike ... 
I have a feeling this summer is going to kick ass . 
Fudge packin ' , Crack smokin ' , Satan worshippin ' , Mother fucker . 
I haven't felt this refreshed in a really long time ... 
Got myself a bike ! Yeah ! 
So I found my new outlet today . I haven't felt this free in a long time . 
... I feel like shooting a poison dart at the neighbor's fucking dog ... -___- 
jeez (: I sure wish i was more like < PROPFEMALE > Salinas ans < PROPMALE > Valle !! ( : 
So my cousin straight up told me that he stole my game boy advance a year ago , broke it , and then laughed about it . So a whole lot of rage is boiling inside me right now . Oh , and he punched me in the nads for no reason . \ 
I hate that kid . Lol . 
Wow I just realized how good The White Stripes are . 
Someone make me a sandwich , now ! :) 
Shave my beard ? Maybe ... 
I actually wrote a folk/acoustic song . I'm so proud of myself . :) lol 
Breakfast sounds good right now . lol 
Ahhhhhahaha ... today ... lol ... 
listening to ????? 
This is the part where I set myself on fire . :) 
Fun ass day today . :) 
So hungry I can eat a HORSE . \ 
And I think I just might ... 
Found a pair of authentic < PROPFIRST > Ban Wayfarers on my front lawn today . I'm wearing them right now . 
Attempted Foodicide @ Home Town Buffet 2day . 
I don't even know why I do these things when it never gets me anywhere ... 
Hopefully going to the show tonight ! 
I have other better things to do anyway , so it's alright . :) 
Another sleepless night ... 
Off to tower , yo . 
Made Tie Dye t-shirts with < PROPMALE > Cazares and my sister earlier today and they came out sick as hell !! 
Drinkin ' a cuppa coffee and watchin ' < PROPFIRST > . 
'' < PROPMALE > Potter is all about confronting fears , finding inner strength , and doing what is right in the face of adversity . Twilight is about how important it is to have a boyfriend . '' - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
All the cool people are awake . Haha 
I got bit by a shitload of fire ants and now I feel really thirsty 
Tonight should be good . Haha 
You drank yourself into slow-mo . Made an angel in the snow . Anything to pass the time . And keep that song out of your mind . 
I'm going to plant myself a canned peach tree . 
My folks bought me a bitchin ' Camaro with no insurance to match . So if I happen to run you down , please don't leave a scratch ! 
I need my fix of something that I've been denied of for such a long time . \ 
Pizza . 
My dog doesn't look too well ... :/ 
1st day of band practice tomorrow ! Anyone play bass guitar ? 
FjusighshsjcjahcmjsvajdmvkxvdiqhtkiejsjsjxkkdwbakcnsbcjneuquriskdkndBACON !!!!!!!!!!! 
Thanks to modern day chemistry sleep is now optional . 
So I was at the thrift store earlier and a guy broke down badly in front of me while he was explaining \god's grace\ " to me . \ 
Mcdonalds is the place to rock . 
School's almost here and my circadian rhythm is completely fucked . 
I need more friends on my new Myspace profile . 
So I have to be ready for school like in 3 hours . I should at least try to keep my eyes shut for a while . lol 
I'm spending about $500 dollars on < PROPMALE > supplies alone ! 
8th grade\ 
School : Cooper Middle School\ 
Teacher : I had like 5 or something ... \ 
Crush : If I post who on here , it might be a little awkward for her and I . Haha\ 
Best Memory : Puberty\ 
Worst Memory : Puberty\ 
Like My Status & I'll Give You A Grade . 
LMS 
Band : Cold Play\ 
Songs I like : All of them !!! ( I live my life based on cold play !!!!!!!!!! )\ 
Songs I dislike : None of them ( I already said I liked all of them !!! )\ 
Albums I own : The White Album by Cold Play\ 
Lms for a band 
You can have my legs just leave my mail alone . 
I saw an x-ray of a girl passing gas . 
It's a beach party Vietnam \ 
Surfin ' with the Viet Cong \ 
Cookin ' hot dogs with napalm ! 
