Happy New Year ! 

So how is your day going ? 
I can't comfortably fit to the jeans I used to wear when I was 12-13yrs . old , time to hit the gym or buy new jeans ? 
Popcorn , definitely . 
tic-tacs , again . 
needs to find an anonymous tic-tac addicts club .. :p 
=D 
3G S , yay 
in in love with the new phone and what could be better than hot pink casing ? Especially when there was no other color options .. =D 
Finally bought a new mattress , yay ! Now I'm just waiting for it land in our bedroom some time next week .. 
Has been married for 7 years today and wouldn't give a day away ! Yay ! Both still amazingly alive , lol 
One more week to go .. 
2 more days to go :) 
I'm done , it's finally here .. the vacation ! :p 
Had some sun and can't recommend anyone to use bikinis with flower pics .. wasps seem to like them too :p 
Looks very festive and we're talking about some kind of mediterranean festival now , since my color is borrowed from crabs ... burns burns burns ... like a fire .. it took only 35 < PROPFEMALE > . on the sun to get the result :p 
Had a great workout , with this pain I should look like < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > by tomorrow .. 
Quite pathetic , I have to listen to the radio from iPhone while driving .. although , have to say that the sound is reasonable considering it's a phone . 
Okay ... went to the gym , washed The Car , washed another car and now it's time to find a hotel for tomorrow ... blah . 
Ush , never mind 
It's called happiness . 
Ou poi .. 
is definitely not a people person , that is official now . 
off to the gym . 
Some idiots are alive simply because it's against the law to kill them 
Okay dokey 
declares the war against the spiders in my car , suggestions of weapons ? Raid is on use right now , not too convincing so far though . 
Oh yay . 
feels cranky and it will probably last awhile too .. 
keyword Audi . 
still missing blue sunshine . 
Still without blue sunshine , how long can it take to fix 2 < PROPFEMALE > parts on one < PROPFEMALE > car I wonder .. should have a whole new car by now . 
Oh yay ! Car came home , hurray ! 
Kiitos kaikille onnitteluista ! /Thank you everyone for B-day wishes ! And I still don't look a day older than 60 ! Yay ! 
There is something really wrong with this August . 
Our house has turned into ant graveyard , dead bodies everywhere :O 
waiting for the car , again ... driving < PROPFEMALE > today =D 
might have to consider buying a new car . But just consider . 
Buh , will this never end ? 
Oh boy , it's all done now . For a while anyway .. hopefully . 
who says which -wise screws open ? Hammer is a good tool too and opens anything . 
why waking up is such a difficult task .. 
Should I or should I not get a new car ... if , buy or lease , there is a question . 
I think I'll stick with my toottoot for a while , went to see couple cars but there is no comparison . 
Wow , registration renewal fees went up on my case almost 100% ! LOL ! 
Grrrreat weather to take pictures , not a one drop of rain ! Yay ! 
One more day .. 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > 6 - < PROPFEMALE > 0 
Lost ... totally =) 
Buhhuh . 
Life is a bitch and life's got lots of sisters :p 
Brand of the day ( any day ) -Starbucks ! 
Off to the gym . Anyone else ? 
almost time to process about 100 pictures ... good luck to me , lol ... let's eat spaghetti first . 
And what was it again that I was suppose to do ..? 
Tired ? 
Ok , it's nap time . -.- . - . 
another morning . 
Cold front is here , finally ! 65F ! Whoohoo ! 
Never mind the cold front , it's gone now :p 
Morning looks ok ... weather is still on the cooler side :) 
Great weather :) 
I truly hate waking up . Seriously . 
Oh no , have wake up even earlier tomorrow ... this just isn't fair ! 
Oh yummy , it's halloween :O 
Ok < PROPMALE > , here I come ! 
Got the first ticket in US -finally :p Nice troopers though . 
Out of batteries . 
Sunday ... best day of the week <3 
Needs to find wrinkle cream , that's how you get them , right ? :p 
Okay dokey , Sunday it is :) 
It's monday , x-tra work for today . 
And what did we learn today .. 
Oops 
Speak first , think after ... as usual :p 
Oh yay , here we go again ... I need a new car . 
Ok , it's time to eat turkey :o ) 
Having a bad bad day ... 
comparing < PROPFEMALE > and Audi .. Audi wins for sure since at least it looks cute , lol 
driving new Camry this time , really don't know what to think ... and Audi's problem is still unidentified .. great ... =D 
Ok , back to Audi .. wonder how long this time =D 
Happy Independence Day , Finland ! 
Okay dokey .. why Christmas comes every year so early .. just suddenly it's there and I'm usually ready to spend Christmas couple days after New Year .. weird , isn't it ? 
I truly hate shopping , which includes Christmas- . I don't have an idea what I want so how could I know what to get for someone else ? 
Can car be cursed ... ? 
Yay , got all the tires ! 
Have a wonderful day :o ) 
We might get a ( off-)white Christmas too , it's raining so hard that you can't see anything outside =D 
I love this weather ! 
Happy Holidays to everyone ! Eat and drink moderately , but most of all .. relax -as much as you can ! 
Traffic school online . Have slow down I guess ... a little . 
Oh soooooo bored ! 
Graduated from online driving school , whoohhoo =D 
:o ) 
I think I have serious gummy bear addiction .. 
Chasing the chicken -good thing those won't run too fast on Publix Deli 
Hokey Pokey .. 
Ok , Saturday it is :o ) 
Messing around with acrylics today =D 
Ok , abstract it is . All done now . 
Gummy bears attack again ! What would I do without Haribo ? 
Stripping pups 
Sometimes I think those darn muscovy ducks know traffic rules better than some people over here . 
Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day ! 
Okay dokey , Tuesday it is 
missing the sun . 
Sometimes \next time\ " is too late .. do today what you can . " 
Ok , I'll do it tomorrow ... 
Pulling hair 
All righty then .. it's done now . 
Poooff .. 
What would be the point for me to learn anything new , since I'm capable of forgetting anything in split of a second .. poof , and it's gone ! =D 
Please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone , or have been affected by someone , who needs a punch in the face . People who need a punch in the face affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for someone who deserves a punch in the face , except a punch in the face , but we can raise awareness . 
Ok , and then .. 
Happy Easter people , lots of bunnies and tons of chocolate ! 
Farewell Easter < PROPFEMALE > . 
Saturday ! :o ) 
Ok , next Saturday then :o ) 
One of us is exaggerating and it's not me :o ) 
Gummy Bears . 
Only two things are infinite : the universe and human stupidity , and I'm not sure about the universe . \ 
\ 
< PROPFIRST > Einstein 
Poooff ... 
If you ever wish for rain , just let me know and I'll start gathering stuff to wash my car -you'll definitely get what you wanted . 
Had a good weekend and met some really nice people :o ) 
Carrots , tons of carrots . 
Driving Korean rental , wont move quick enough even if I stand on gas ... brrr 
Apparently Spiders don't discriminate cars by country of origin- any car I'm driving seems to be good for them :p 
Audi is back from vacation , I'm sure spiders are celebrating :p 
My chocolate diet is working well , I've gained about a zillion micro ounces , yay ! But I still soooo miss my salmiakki diet , works always better =D 
8th Anniversary :o ) 
Good thing my memory is so lousy , what would I do with all this useless information I've collected during my life if I'd really have to remember all of it =D 
Nice fireworks , too bad it was raining :o ) 
Ok , let's cancel mornings .. can't be good to be this tired 
Brrrrr ... it's hot here I'd say . No rain -no bigger complaints :o ) 
Murphy has been visiting this week , wonder how long it's planning to stay .. hmm .. 
Still vigorously looking for crazy glue and new car :p 
Found the car ( hopefully , 5 days to return if I feel doing so .. ) , crazy glue is still missing . 
Too funny ! Same minute when I told the salesperson on the phone that I'd keep the car .. the \service engine soon \"- light went on ! LOL " 
Got so superyummy birthday surprise that I don't know which way to roll ! Thank you Taru ! 
Whoohhoo , spiders have found the car ! 
Thanks for birthday wishes :o ) Kiitos onnitteluista :o ) 
Okay , have to make a plan for spiders . They definitely seem to enjoy the company of Nissan .. grrr . 
ZzzzzZZZZzzzzz ... 
Sunday , all day long ! 
Tooooo hot , wish winter would come just a < PROPMALE > faster this year . 
Ok , let's have a halfway < PROPFEMALE > day today :o ) 
No car feels your own until you have poured gummy bears all over the place while trying to figure out how fast car can take the corners without drifting .. then analyzed how many gummy bears there should be around and spent an hour looking for them :p 
1 more morning , waiting for Sunday already :o ) 
Almost Sunday :o ) Almost , not quite . Soon anyway . You think I'm waiting for Sunday ? 
32C , can't believe it ! :O 
I have way too many pics to process and no way to figure which ones to delete ... duh . 
Looking for missing pics ... driving me nuts ( more than usual that is) ! 
22C This morning , yay ! 
Got lost on my way to Coconut Creek , instead found myself from Boca ... talented as I am =p And yes , I had gps with me . 2 actually . 
Happy and creepy Halloween for everyone : 7 ) 
R‰yh . < PROPFEMALE > murr . 
Fight with the lights , hope I'll win the war . 
Now I miss audi , it's 14C tonight ! 
Getting cooler ... 
Happy Halloween =D 
Happy and Turkeyful Thanksgiving to everyone :o ) 
Black Friday ? Shopping ? Anyone ? 
Where is the winter---I'm melting here :O 
Will those drn spiders hibernate ? Couple of them in my car , again ... prkl 
Ok , car is very shiny now -except for mohawk on top of the roof . Couldn't reach there and it would be a great reason to get convertable . Right ? =D 
beer 
Whoohhoo , winter is finally here :o ) It's suppose to go down to 13C tonight :o ) 
Are spiders finally hibernating over here ? Someone had made a mess in my car last night- webs all over the windshield-inside .. grrr 
Ugh , it's huge ! 
Why does it feel that there is never enough hours in a day ? : Â 
Change your FB profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To not see a human face on FB till Monday , December 6th . Join the fight against child abuse & copy , paste to your stat to invite your friends to do the same . 
Hyv‰‰ Itsen‰isyysp‰iv‰‰ Suomi ! Happy Independence Day Finland ! 
So sad ... I might have to change my flip-flops to sneakers for couple of days anyway =o ) 
Missed the eclipse , duh 
Ok , next stop would be the new year :o ) 
Happy New Year ! Any New Year resolutions for 2011 ? =D 
Kirjoita Googleen nimesi < PROPFEMALE > osaa , esim . \Kalle osaa\ " . Listaa 5 asiaa 
14C this morning :O 
My computer died fairly fast but painful death caused by hard drive . Just a reminder to everyone : remember to make copies of whatever important you have on your computer .. I did mine every 6 weeks and tomorrow was suppose to be the day , lol 
Driving weenie Versa , it's not exactly a race car but moves somewhat somewhere . With it's own spider , of course . 
Back to my blue spider trap :o ) 
Sneakers 
DFD/SMC . Murr 
It's so nice and chilly .. love the weather :o ) 
Change your profile picture to a photo of your pet , or any other animal . The idea is to not have pictures of humans on Facebook until February 28 to cooperate with the campaign against animal abuse . If you are also against animal abuse , copy and paste this message on the wall 
< PROPFEMALE > spiders are crawling all over the car , wonder if some spider b had puppies there .. so not fair . 
Unbelievable .. on my way home I had time to clean half of the car's interior while standing on traffic :O Next time I'll plug in the car vacuum cleaner and clean the rest of it while standing on traffic lights :p 
Looks like winter is returning -for couple days anyway , 12C right now :o ) 
Nail in tire -again :p 
Waiting for the 19th and < PROPFEMALE > :o ) 
Ok , spiderseason is here . I don't discriminate against any spiders -will kill them all on sight-especially in my car . Sorry spidey buddies :p 
Idea is to change all profile pics to animals by March 31 in order to support efforts against animal abuse . If you feel this way , change your profile to a animal/pet and show your support . Thank you to all that adore/love animals 
If you want a high performance woman , I can go from zero to bitch in less than 2.1 seconds . 
Start off each day with a smile and get it over with . 
