Wow , I really don't sign in to Facebook as much as I should . Thanks for all the Birthday wishes . www.myspace.com/thediaryofashley 

< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > - \Happy \"" 
TRYING TO UPDATE MY FACEBOOK PROFILE VIA CELL PHONE ... Not working too well ... But Im about to get dressed and find something to do or go out a little later 
Don't dislike me ; Get like me :) 
Don't dislike me ; Get like me . TRICKS & HATERS only get mad when they figure out that they can't top my success . Its not my fault I was created to be the best http://thefashionmimic.webs.com 
Chillin ' with the cousins 
BLAH , BLAH , BLAH 
So , I was trying to update my Myspace and whatnot and I ended up erasing my whole profile ... FML ... REALLY ? It took me a long time to fix the < PROPFEMALE > up and now I have to do it all over again ... OMG ! ... Well at least I had a good day today ... MISSING < PROPFIRST > ! 
When I discipline myself to eat properly , live morally , exercise regularly , grow mentally and spiritually , and not put any drugs or alcohol in my body , I have given myself the freedom to be at my best , perform at my best , and reap all the rewards that go along with it 
THOUGHT OF THE DAY : \The world didnt give it to me . And the world can't take it away . To God be the Glory\ " I have to constantly remind these low-life's that they cant take anything from me . And at the same time I need to keep in mind that the world owes me nothing . " 
\Everyday is a day of Thanksgiving . God has been so good to me . Everyday he's blessing me . \"" 
If you judge ppl a WHOLE LOT & you're not getting paid for this occupation , then you're not a critic , you're a HATER . 9 times out of 10 a hater will never admit they're hating . & for an added note ... If you begin a sentence with \I aint hating but_____\ " then you're hating ! " 
Why are we willing to risk our lives for some things and not others ? Because it's easier to trust in things rather than people . Read more of what I have to say here : http://fashioncantbetamed.webs.com Click on \Blah Blah Blah\ " blog ! " 
Another great feeling in the world is not only falling in love , but falling out of love with someone who never really loved you . 
Faith is trusting in God even though you don't understand the situation you're in . God allows us to go through a struggle so that we can learn to depend 
on Him and build our faith . 
Take the time to do it right cause you may not get the time to do it over . One day your life will flash before your eyes ... Make sure its worth watching 
Ugh ! Why is my little sis dressed like me ? ( Red&Black ) . She knows I like to be different and stand out from the rest ... Heading to church ... Flattered ;) 
Just thinking ... 
Waiting on my mama to come pick me up so I can go to one of my favorite stores ( Rainbows ) . I think I might buy a dress , shirt&leggings , or some cute sandles ... Dont know yet ... Bored and tired at the moment ! 
Its funny how this person keeps checking up on my status and everything else I'm doing and then wanna be bold and comment on how I'm living my life . Trick please ! Step your game up and play catch up cause you're the main one tryna do me . Copycats . Woooo ... These females amuse me ;) 
GOD never cease to amaze me ... After a good cry and a long talk with Him , my world seems a whole lot brighter and all of a sudden , I have more to look forward to than I did before . GOD is truely my best friend ... To the end :) 
Sorry , but I just got to clear up these rumors . No , he's not my boyfriend ... He's just my Sponsor ;) 
Taking the time out to think ... Shhh , don't disturb me 
Ugh - so much on my mind ! 
There comes a time when you just have to accept the situation for what it is , move on and say \EFF IT ! \ " Life slows down for no one . I'm moving forward . " 
Ugh ! I think I'm getting sick ... Cold/Fever or whatever you are ... Please go away ! Anyways , sitting in bed watching Fashion and Makeup videos on Youtube .... Oh shh , Pretty Little Liars is on and Make It or Break It comes on next . Wow , this is really how I spend my Tuesdays ? Lol . 
Even though you're a million < PROPMALE > away , we still think alike . The way these HATERS talk about me makes me want to fight . But then I hear your voice and all of a sudden I feel alright . May you rest in peace during the storm , here's a * kiss * and a g'night . 
They say , ' never judge a book by its cover ' but isnt the cover trying to sell you the book ? So , girls : your dresses should be tight enough to show you're a woman and loose enough to show you're a lady . Always dress the way you want to be addressed 
Whew ! < PROPFIRST > was a handful this weekend . Such an active little 2yr old . And because of him , I dont want to have kids anytime soon ... He's all I can handle right now . Anyways , these last couple days has been hectic ... i'm tired and ... Zzzzzzz :( hollerrr 
BEEN PACKING ALL DAY ; I REALLY DONT CARE WHERE I GO ... AS LONG AS I'M SAFE AND ITS NOWHERE NEAR WHERE I AM NOW ... TIRED , BUT STILL SO MUCH CLEANING TO DO ... I REALLY DONT FEEL LIKE GETTING DRESS FOR BIBLE STUDY TONIGHT ... I MIGHT JUST WILD OUT TONIGHT ... WHO KNOWS ? 
Shopping day ... Well everyday is shopping day for me ! Lol ;) I'm look for a cute half Jacket and Zgirl getting her a late bday gift ... Most likely some more hooker heels ... Haha . 
We're finally here ! I'M GOING TO ENJOY THIS SWEET ESCAPE ... 
I wish Memphis had a store called No Clothes like Hot Springs , Ark . They had the cutest accessories . I bought some rings , they was like $1.95 . I usually pay $10 and up for mine ... But anyways , I'm about to hit up the mall with my sisters and mama ... & txting my fave cousin , < PROPFEMALE > ... Love her :) 
I'm feeling \Friend Sick\ " ... I miss having REAL friends & REAL family . What happened to the those days when people said \ " I love you\ " and really meant it ?? Or what about when they said they'd \ " always be there\ " or when they convinced you that they \ " understand where you're coming from\ " I don't see the REAL thing out there anymore . Everybody just loves taking me to Hell and back . Why ? " 
Rise and Grind ! What I want ? A successful online clothing store , two in-mall stores , a feature in Seventeen , Nylon , etc ..., a bestseller ( novel ) , and a Business Degree ... ( www.twitter.com/foreverashleyj ) 
Rise and Grind ! 
Dear Me , \ 
You are a haters ' obsession ; Always remember that ! You have every right to be conceited because haters give you a reason to be . The only taste of success they get is when they put you down . You're the ish and that's why they're mad . Oh , well . \ 
Sincerly , Me 
Too young to be serious . I'm not ready for love ... 
Stressed , but still blessed ... 
It's goin ' down - basement \ 
Friday the 13th , guess who's playin ' < PROPFIRST > \ 
Tuck yourself in , you better hold on to ya < PROPMALE > \ 
It's Nightmare on Elm Street and guess who's playin ' < PROPMALE > 
\Just The Way You Are\ " by < PROPMALE > Mars ... " 
DID SHE JUST ........?? OH HEEELLLL NAW , HOLD MY EARRINGS .......... 
God keeps doing great things for me ... Just when Im about to give up , and every time I get discouraged , he steps in and show out . Right on time ! Mood : blessed :) 
Crashed the earth solo so dont expect me to be sad if I leave here the same way I came . What people seem to forget is that I can do bad all by my damn self . I dont have to follow behind somebody else for approval from the world . It is what it is . Im just sitting back watching ya'll kiss a ** ... Mood : AMUSED ;) 
http://theprettygirlcurse.blogspot.com 
\Want you to take me like a thief in the night\ 
Want you to make me feel like Im the only girl in the world ... 
He just made my night ... All smiles on my end ... :) 
Find someone who can find perfection in all your flaws 
Why does everyone want their love to be like a movie , when it only lasts 2 hours ? #ItsTheTeenLife 
Me ? Heartless ? Well I can't help that I choose to wear my heart on my sleeve & not inside where its suppose to be . Bipolar mode . I want my Goddaddy , < PROPMALE > , Baby G ., or my sis ( whom I miss dearly) ! They calm me down and help me sort things out . Nightmares . Stress . Drama . Pain . Mood Swings . Fighting . Restlessness . Ugh ! Go away .... :'( G'night fb 
Worked 3 to 7 today . Had an effin BLAST ! Still trippin off them folks . Kinda tired but whatever . I'm bout to activate my Visa ... So much stuff flowing through my head . Hope I remember all the stuff I learned and let my personal life stay outside the job . Wooo ...!... 
Cooking Dinner .... 
If you have to read my Facebook status to know whats going on in my life ... then you must not be a real friend ..! 
Still kinda tired but got to get ready for work . Working 8 to 12 today . I'ma be stranded in Cordova until 4 , waiting on Z . Please let me have an easy , calm day #Lord 
Well ..! I wasn't stranded in Cordova like I thought ... Instead , I worked an extra 4 hours . All I can say is keep on calling in because im enjoying the hours and i.ma enjoy that paycheck even more ..! Well , anyways .. We headed to pick up Kiwi and having a movie night later on ( Stomp the Yard 2 ) 
Just making it home from work . ( 12 to 6 ) Got called in today ; might get called in tomorrow too ..! Craving some < PROPFEMALE > La Juicy by Juicy Couture ... Smells too good ..! Anyways , i'm bout to be working TWO jobs ..! I'm all about money right now . So , uhh , bout to get my hair done .. Holla fb ..! 
Getting ready for church . All black everything ... 
Too early to be going to work ..! Ugh . 
Bout to head over < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > house . Been in Cordova TOO long . I'm so tired and ready to go home ... Now you KNOW i'm tired when I say i'm ready to go home ... Haha ... Shoutouts to my favorite cousin in the world ( < PROPFEMALE > SoAnti < PROPMALE > ) and shoutout to < PROPFEMALE > cause its her effin BIRTHDAY ..! I'm out for now fb ... 
I'm so effin tired ..! I worked NINE hours today ..! All I know is that I better have one BIG CHECK come Friday and next Friday ... I'm so hungry . But , heading home . Ready to hit up the mall this weekend . I need a shopping < PROPMALE > ..! Who's down ? 
There are people in the world that hate me , dislike me , talk about me , envy me , want to fight me , but IDGAF cause they dont make me ...! Its whatever with me . Born a fighter and i'll die one ... MOOD : AMUSED 
On my way to work . Got my new phone so inbox me your number ..! 
omg ... Im bout to PASS OUT ... Very tired ...! 
OMG , im soooo tired ..! I worked nine hours today . Exausted aint even the word to explain this feeling ... 
Get urself together ... dnt hate ; jealousy is the ugliest trait . I can talk about it cause I know tht I’m pretty . If u know it too then ladies sing it wit me ... All eyes on me < PROPFEMALE > I walk in , No question tht this girls ' a 10 . Dnt hate me cause I’m beautiful . My walk , my talk , the way I dress .. It’s not my fault so please dnt trip . Dnt hate me cause I’m beautiful ... Doing the pretty girl rock rock rock ... Ayyyee ..! 
Goooosh ... Got a lot on my mind but trying to distract myself from these thoughts and how tired i am ... Then on top of that i got to work about 20 hours this weekend ... There goes my Friday and Saturday ... 
Man , I hope Im off on the 30th or 31st ... I got invited to 4 parties and I really wanna go . What should I be for Halloween ..? Need to get out .. Tired or not tired .. 
Laying in bed txtin ' my ppl .. Feels so good to FINALLY catch up with the besties . Looking forward to going out next weekend . I need to go shop for a costume for < PROPFIRST > H's Halloween Bash ..! Anyways , I got serious money to be calculating so let me get to it . TTYL FB ..! 
... Being Pretty Is Fun ! 
Tonight it's on - Play my song - It's a celebration ! I worked a long week & now there is no hesitation . I need a drink or two - Make that a few - I ain't waiting . Yes , yes I'm GROWN , & you know I got no time for wasting . Gonna 4get my troubles , Cause it's a special night . Not gonna stress on nothin , I'm feelin quite alright . Almos my birthday baby , so come & < PROPMALE > my wish . Throw me a private party .. VIP in this b * ..! 
Today was ... :) 
Today is my muthaflippin ' BIRTHDAY ! Thanks for all the wall comments on Facebook wishing me a Happy Bday & for the all the 12am phone calls and text messages .. my favorite !! But why is it raining on my birthday & why do I have to work for EIGHT hours on my birthday ?? WTF ... Geeeeee , thanks Kohls ! ** SARCASM IS ONE OF MY GREATEST TALENTS ** Over 82 ppl on FB wished me a HBD but I dnt see their wall post on my page .. UGH ! 
Happy Birthday to my two GROWN & SEXY lil sisters : Lakeva Lashun < PROPMALE > & < PROPFEMALE > Triniece < PROPMALE > ..! Also , HBD to my big cousin Duke ..! Hope yall have many more to come . Kinda sad I didnt get to do anything for my OWN birthday , BUT ... Im thinkin bout staying at the Embassy Suites next weekend and getting my hair and nails done ... You know ... Got stay fancy ;) 
So much on my agenda today . Its sooo crazy , but all worth it in the end . Im so proud of myself for the decisions I have made in my life . You'll see what I mean soon within the next 9months ... xoxo 
Cant leave these bad habits alone ;) 
Just making it home from work .. I know !.. Bout to lay down and watch the Nanny on < PROPMALE > @ Nite ... Or is < PROPFIRST > Lopez on already ?? Hmmm ... Anyways ! I have 42 messages in my Inbox but somehow , Facebook wont let me read them ... ugh !... Sooo i guess i'll do a FEW \Why ... Whats up\ " then off to bed so i can be ready for another 8hrs @ Kohls ... Blah " 
Work was eventful :) Still LMAO at < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > ( my asian mommy ) ..! Anywho .. Cant wait till payday .. It sucks being broke as hell even when you GOT a job .. Smh 
JUST making it home from work .. Ugh ..! Oh my effin gosh ..! Im soooo tired but thats nothing new ... Well let me lay it down and get some rest for about TWO or three hrs before i hop back up out the bed at 4am to get ready for work at 6am ... Ugh ... Bye ... 
\Sticks and stones may break my bones but chains and whips excite me\ " - ;) " 
Life's too short to be sittin ' round miserable . People gon ' talk whether you doing bad or good . So I'm living with no worrys and no regrets . So , cheers to the freakin ' weekend . I drink to that ... 
Eenie , meenie , minie , mo . Catch a playa by the toe . If ya want to let him go , ladies don't worry cause they got plenty more . They be falling like the rain so we aint running out . It's raining men so what you worried about ... On to the next one ... 
\First you need to know that im a 2 x 5 .. So set your standards lower cause you aiming too high \"" 
Tired of ppl keep pressurin me to go to the doctor . I dnt feel the need to . All they do is make a list of bad news for you & put you on every type of meds they can think of . I just cant handle hearin no more bad news about myself or anybody else ... Heard enough for the year .. & glad my Godsis is alive . That just goes to show that life IS short & ppl can be here one day & gone the next ... ;( 
Switching up my game .. Time to play things differently ..! 
Im living in the future so the presence is my past , my presence is a present so you can kiss my ass ... 
So you see , ... Men come a dime a dozen so it dont mean nothin to me ... And i aint even worried bout you homie cause theres plenty more fish in the sea ... 
Inspired 
Had a loooong day at work today ... 830am to 520pm ... Shopping cheered me up ... As well as my bf ... Bought the cutest stuff and cant wait to wear it ... Well im too tired to do anything else but i gotta eat and then do my hair ... Ugh ! After that , im watching Rent ! 
that stormie < PROPFEMALE > white is the awesomest friend everrr ! That is all (: 
You can’t be pushing up on it , you better work if you want it ... 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTmas everybody ... And a BIG Bday shoutout to Jesus ... Dont forget the true meaning of this day while you all caught up w/ the gifts and food ..! ( xmas pics & vids will be uploaded tonight ! ) Let me go finish doing my hair :) 
Uploading pics and videos :) 
Cheers to 2011 ... I'll drink that ..! I'm feeling unstoppable and I vow to be confident and badd for the rest of my life ... Me time ..! 
Getting ready for work ..! Ugh , I really DO NOT WANT TO CLOSE TONIGHT AND TOMORROW ..! 
Finally about to head out shopping ... 
In my room , keeping to myself ... Life is short and random ... You never know why bad things happen to the people who do good ... Just makes no sense at all ... Staying in tonight ... Yea ... 
Getting my hair done with my mommy ... Trying to take my mind off things ... After this , to the mall ... Ttyl fb ... 
Everything * PAID * & still had money left over to do some online shopping ! Cant wait till my dress come Forever 21 and my other stuff from Wet Seal & Hush Cosmetics ... Yep ! 
Why is it that EVERYTIME I tell a dude I'm a Scorpio they quick to say , \I heard about them Scorpios \"..?" 
Ugh ... I do NOT feel like getting out of bed this early , but i have to ... Blah ! Lets see how this day goes ... 
Just making it home from work ! Zzzzz .... 
Stormie E . White just stared at Mr. < PROPFIRST>'s booty ... Ewww Stormie ..! ( lol jk ) Just had to get you back ..! 
f frans let me tell youuuu something ! I just locked eyes on my manahers bootyQ yumyumyummmm ! You know how your girl < PROPFIRST > be (: 
Sitting in the break room talking to Brit a lil bit on my 15 ... Im so bored at the register ! Ahhh ... 
Ugh .. super stressed & unorganized ..! Feel like I been running around some of everywhere lately .. Bout to run up to Best Buy then come back home & do hair .. 
JUST finished a damn near TWO hour live chat ( online class) ! Ugh ..! It was cool though ... Now I'm about to go ahead and start on these FOUR assignments that's due on the 13th ..! And don't think it's simple assignments ... How bout I got 4 papers to do ..! #FML lol 
Ugh ... tired ! Got stuck in Cordova THREE HRS LONGER THAN NECESSARY ! Sitting here tryna eat a late dinner and get warm ... Just turned in my first Fashion assignment :) ... 
All smiles ;) 
Beautiful day . Had an interview with URBAN OUTFITTERS earlier . I think it went well . Ugh .. The day is just too pretty 
Best day I've had at work in a long time ..! 
Heading to work with a smile on my face ... Rare :) 
