Face book is one crazy thing ... 

* dances in circles * im going to see miyavi !!! 
I wonder how many people whould suck up to me if i got to go on a national television show ..... 
I wish that when you talked to therapists that they would only bring up one subject at a time . Today , she brought up so many topics that we couldn't close any of them in time before i left ... now i'm sitting here feeling like a have open bleeding wounds all over ... it's not a pleasant thing i promise you . 
What ever was left of my heart and mind died the day i said \goodbye\ " ... For every time i say \ " i love you\ " it will be another thousand tears i've cried . " 
I think my body is falling apart . 
Go me ... i just managed to lose everything in the matter of a month and a half . Life just keeps getting better and better huh ? 
I wonder ... did i always feel hope ? I think the meds are currupting my thinking patterns ! 
Bored and looking for a good conversation . Please IM me ! 
I love how i tell people to IM me and the post on my wall .... i hate my life ... 
Going to the doctor today .... Should be horrible . Yay . 
I'm actually trying to pull an all-nighter ... and for once , i don't know if i can . This is so not like me . 
Just got my new condenser microphone in the mail ( yesterday while i had a light and noise sensative migraine ) . Apparently my singing sounded like crap half of the time because of my old mic . Now , i think i can love myself a bit more . 
My daddy died last night at 8:10 . We stayed with him ' til the end . He was loved by many , and will be missed . \ 
\ 
R.I.P. < PROPFIRST > Rosenberg\ 
Oct . 26 , 1947 ~ May 22 , 2010 
My daddy died last Saturday at 8:10 . We stayed with\ 
him ' til the end . He was loved by many , and will be missed . \ 
R . I . P . \ 
< PROPFIRST > Rosenberg\ 
Oct . 26 , 1947 ~ May 22 , 2010\ 
The service will be at 1PM Tuesday , June 1st @ New St. < PROPFIRST>'s Cemetery in Belmawr\ 
Everyone who knew him is invited . 
R.I.P. < PROPFIRST > Rosenberg Oct . 26 , 1947 ~ May \ 
22 , 2010\ 
The service will be at 1PM Tuesday , June 1st @ New St. \ 
< PROPFIRST>'s Cemetery in Belmawr . Everyone who knew him is invited . \ 
Contact\ 
me for more information and directions . 
Got a memorial tattoo for my Dad . I made a photo album just for the pictures of it . Please comment on them and tell me what you think ! 
So , in the end ( after being burried with the wrong family at first ) Dad \ 
is now resting beside his family ' til the end of eternity . Some day i \ 
will join him , but not anytime soon hopefully . I hope everyone i love is\ 
doing well and are happy & healthy . I love you ALL ! 
Comment here if you're willing to call me ... something feels wrong tonight .... i might need some one to talk to ... i might not want to be alone ... ( those who know me well know what i'm talking about with all this ) 
Got my man in my arms and my hair on his chest ... now i just wish he'd take his hair out too ... a girl can only dream i guess 
ONE WEEK !!! * is going to die of waiting * 
Happy Father's Day , Daddy ! I miss you , and i'm sorry that on the first father's day we had together i ran away for the first time .... i love you and i hated watching you cry because you found me again . If i promise to never leave again and never do the wrong things again , will you come back ? 
omfg ..... i get to meet miyavi in less than 1 week ... then i get to see him in concert !!! OMFG !!! * spazzes * 
i'm bleeding ... my heart is torn open .... i hope the blood never stops trickling down 
I'm not crazy , i'm just a little unwell . I know , right now you can't tell . But , stay a while and maybe then you'll see .... a different side of me ... 
If you could just point me in the direction of the bed it'd be quite nice of you ..... Thanks ! 
Please ask me anything , send me anonymous questions ! make sure to click the link : http://ama.honestybox.com/i/1271814932 
I'm not crazy , i'm just a little unwell . I know , \ 
right now you can't tell . But , stay a while and maybe then you'll \ 
see .... a different side of me ... 
ok .... withing 24 hours i'll be in New York .... Say your \Goodbye's\ " to me now . " 
We wake up at 7AM tomorrow ... and leave at 10AM tomorrow for New York . 
Out of my mind ... fukking crazy ... loving every second ! 
its come to my attention ... I actually saw Miyavi ... the fucker bruised my scalp ... That means he touched me . * DIES * 
ummm ..... happy birthday Gackt ?... wait that's not right .... OH ! Happy Fourth of July Mina ~ ~ !!! 
4:04 AM .... what's on my mind ... waisting time , waisting light ... no room to lie , no reasons to survive .... I tell you tonight and i'll make you smile ... it's 4:05 AM ... i am here . 
F***CCCKKKK !!!!!! I could cry .... i give up 
I have the feeling .... that waking up crying and screaming tonight won't be the same as last time . I think this time it'll be because i want something good back from the dream i have . 
No , really , i'm not ok .... but that's ok .... 
I couldn't be more unprepared for what i'm doing ... too bad i don't care . When i need to be who i am then that's all you're gonna get ... me ! Take me ... or leave me . 
She was Daddy's little girl .... 
Oops !!! i left my face book up and was out for 2 hours with it saying i was here ... Sorry for everyone who tried to get a hold of me ! 
spuods ?? o ?? \ 
?? s o ? ? u ?????? ? q ???? ? ? sn ??? s ? no ? u ? s ??? ?? s ? d pu ?? do ? \ 
? uo ?? u ???? s ?? d ???? n ??? ? s ?? spu ???? ?? u ? o ?? ?? s s ,?? l 
I wrote you a letter ... it's in Japanese . I know you can't read it ... but that's the point . 
If shouting to the sky would make you realize then it would be your name i'd cry . 
???????????? \ 
???????????????? \ 
????????????????????????????? 
????????????????????????????? \ 
And , for those of you who complain you can't read it :\ 
Though , there is no God . \ 
I swore to that when you became a star . \ 
I don’t need a God at all . If you , if you could only be here , instead . 
?????????????????????????????????? 
I've never had my hair in a \fishtail-braid\ " before . It hasn't ever been long enough since i started shaving my head when i \ 
Let me pick your brain .... i want to know you . 
I miss the days when i could play and laugh . When you knew if a boy liked you cause he'd just punch you in the face and \die\ " when ever his parents said he just had a crush . " 
When i start breathing again i'll let you know . 
Well , the storm outside is a good representation of how my mind feels right now . Also , my power may go out . I think i'm going to sit on the porch with my ipod and see if the lightening lines up with the music in any type of awesome way . 
I think i've started breathing again .... dunno really 
???? 
Wow ... i need a new life , cause , apparently , i don't have one ! Anyone have a life for sale ? I need one cheap ... i'm broke . 
I am basically asleep ... if i forget to close the browser and you try to IM me while i'm passed out , then it's you're fault the browser was kept open ... did that make sense ? or did my brain become mush again ? 
I ... want to talk ... to him . 
Perhaps ... i should stop hoping ... 
i'm about to eat 2 McChickens and a large fry ... yeah , i'm a fat ass ... so what ? 
Cancel that .... a bit of < PROPFIRST>'s milkshake , half a large fry , and one bite of a McChicken ... i'm full . 
Waiting for ScryEd to load on the PS3 ... i'm really starting to love this show . 
going to sleep soon . I'll see you all in the morning . Daisuki yo Mina-san ! Oyasumi ~ ! 
Ok people , i lost the charger for my iPod touch . Anyone know where it's at ? 
Ok , crisis averted ! I found the iPod cable . I can now charge and synch my iPod again . You may all resume your daily lives . 
Is anyone else having trouble with FB IMs ? 
Ok , this is for EVERYONE ! \ 
Please , send a picture of yourself in a private message to me . I'm going to make a collage of all of my friends for my computer background . \ 
If you don't know how to insert the picture into a private message then message me about it and i will give you either my e-mail address to send it to . \ 
I'm trying to get this done by the 7th , so please be quick ! \ 
I ? you all ! And Thanks in advance !! 
Who else is listening to Tainted Reality ? 
I can feel you .... you're right there ... just reach a bit further . I'll take the last step toward you once i feel your hand in mine . 
In\ 
memory of every cancer patient , family member , and friend who has lost \ 
their battle with cancer and those who continue to conquer it ! Put this \ 
up for1 hour if you know someone who has or had cancer . Many won't copy \ 
and paste . I did . Will you ? 
and yet , somehow , $25 is the hardest thing to obtain right now . 
Do people still use the word \Tard \"?" 
Any one know of a place i can download a torrent\ 
for the full drama series Mars ? I loved that show ! I wanna watch it again . Please , help ! ( oh , and they have to be subbed , i don't speak chinese .... yet . ) 
Ok guys , i'm going to bed . I ? you all . Oyasumi ~ ! 
Ok , so my sleep schedule is all fucked up . too bad i can't fix it . either i'll have to start waking up at like 4 to see Miyavi's concerts live online , or i'll have to stay up throught he night . I like the second option more . 
My girl April needs a place to stay . She's 8 months pregnant and cannot stay here any longer . If you are in the Underwood Hospital area and have a bed or couch for her to crash on for the next month until she has the baby and can move into her step-dad's place please let me or her know . She's in my friends list if you need to contact her . 
I'm just going to go to bed . I didn't get a < PROPMALE > to talk to many people today . I'll see you all on the morning . I ? you all and Love some of you . lol ?????? 
omfg ! i look better than you and your mother combined ! Get over it ! HAHAHA just got my hair cut and feeling like a million bucks 
My god . Miyavi is deffinately best when enjoyed live ! Who else is watching ?? Does this count as my second Miyavi live ? 
Miyavi was amazing . Now it's time for the real world ... i'ma go make my hair amazing and start the day lol 
I'm ready to just give up on the task at hand . But , what would that accomplish ? * continues doing what she was doing before * 
it's done .... there are a few finishing touches ... but my task is completed . Yay me !! * dances * ...... o . 0 ...... * passes out * 
it's a new day ... why does it remind me so much of yesterday though ? it's almost as if the world has spun backward on me .... drawn out my sentence on this earth an extra day . 
i'm buying my bus ticket to Boston and concert tickets for DEG tomorrow morning . The prices went up on the bus ticket by a little bit ... but it's still REALLY reasonable . This is going to be INSANE ! 
now i play the waiting game . \ 
Since i got up late , i now have to wait for my mother tog et up from her nap before i can buy all the stuff for DEG . Would it be cruel to wake her up in an hour ? lol ^_^ 
One step at a time , i'll keep moving forward . One step at a time , i'll get my rhythm in line . One step at a time , i keep my head held high . Though my tears may blind my eyes , i'll keep moving down this line . Cause , one step at a time brings me closer to my future life . 
God\ 
saw you getting tired and a cure was not to be . So , he put his arms \ 
around you and whispered \come with me\ " . With tearful eyes 
True\ 
friends don't care if you're broke , when your house is a mess , or about\ 
your past , or if your family is filled with crazies ... They love you for\ 
who you are ! A true friend can go long periods of time without speaking\ 
and never question the friendship . REPOST if you are blessed ... with \ 
at ... least one true friend . They will know who they are 
Mutter ist der Name für Gott , auf den ? Lippen und in den Herzen aller \ 
Kinder dieser Welt . 
why does facebook always put random returns in things i copy-paste into my status ? 
I miss you ... but at least you don't miss me . I'd feel bad if i caused you pain like that . 
my internet was shut off . We can't get it turned back on until the 25th . I leave for boston the 24 . So if you need me call me . You won't see me on here for a while 
i can't believe i'm going to miss Miyavi live online this morning . Damn it ! 
i'm bored and in pain . Just little longer until i'm back to full health again . I miss you all ! 
i miss you guys so fucking much . Oh god , i want my internet back so bad . Call or text if you wanna talk . 
not one person has called or texted me today aside from my mother and Miyavi's twitter . I tell you guys i miss you and this is the response i get ? Nice . I love you too lol 
so , i'm really freaking bored . Someone please entertain me ? Message me for my number ! 
so , i can connect my phone to my comp through bluetooth . The problem is that without internet i can't install the drivers to fuck with it . Oh well . 
i want my internet back . I miss my friends . The one's in my head suck 
k everyone . i have to go to bed soon . I ? you all so very much !! 
i miss you guys ! But i'll be seeing some of you soon at the Dir en Grey concerts ! <3 
Good news everyone ! I got my internet turned back on ... but , i won't be home to use it for the next 4 to 5 days . HAHAHA ! Dir en Grey , here i come ! 
My itinerary : Leave home at aprox 10:30 PM . Leave philly transportation center at aprox 11:59 PM . Arrive in Boston at aprox 6:00 AM Sit and wait until the show the next afternoon ... i'll add more about my itenerary later . 
I am currently on the bus to Boston . My adventure had officially begun !! Wish me luck everyone . 
Well , i'm home .... I got quite ill in just a matter of hours at the venue and had to hightail it back home . i feel like such a coward now . 
I leave for Philly at about 1 PM today ... then i camp out over night and wait till doors tomorrow . I will rock extra hard for anyone who wants me to . I don't mind carrying your love with me to . Diru Desearves it . 
i'm at the venue . Been here for a little over 4 hours . So far it's been fun as hell ! I know people ! Yay me ! 
got home around 1 AM . I had such a great time . i cried i smiled ... and i smiled a whole bunch more . It's definately not the sunburn that has my cheeks hurting ... Toshiya and Kaoru's little competition had me smiling and laughing all night . I had a blast ! 
oh , i should probably let you all know . My phone got shut off a couple days ago . Dunno when it'll be turned on again . But for those of you who still wanna get a hold of me send me a message and i'll reply with my house line for you ! ? you all ttyl 
You always do that\ 
When I want to see you , \ 
you're not there\ 
Even\ 
though it's my own dream\ 
It's always up to you\ 
If I see you \ 
tomorrow\ 
Then this time\ 
I won't ever let you go\ 
I don't care if\ 
it's just a dream 
Lukas is napping ... Mom is reading .... And me ? well , i'm writing about a girl who meets the love of her life in her dreams . Is that a good enough combination of what they are both doing ? ^__^ 
I don't want to be weak anymore . I will improve myself . It doesn't matter if we go to the same school . I will be strong and i will make myself even stronger . My education will be my weapon . 
Life ... it keeps moving forward ... even if you don't want it to . 
I want to be held by you ... i want to be seen by you ... i want to be thought of by you ... just like you did , in all of those dreams . And , if i could ... i'd hold your hand and pull you through . Never letting go . We'd dream together . Forever this way . Holding me , as i hold you . \ 
( Mata yume de aimashou ... ) Let's meet again in the dream ... 
Even in the face of death , innocence is not lost . 
I can't say it to your face ... but ... i miss you . 
i must actually be sick for once . I'm so tired . My head feels like its stuffed with cotton . My vision is blurry and everything sounds like it's under water . But , oh well . I have my son today ! Screw you sickness ! 
Pepsi is making my day better . 
Moving forward , and rocking on to my own beat . 
I've decided what i'm doing for my 23rd birthday on the 17th of October . I am going to get my nose pierced on the first and then forget about my birthday for the rest of the month . Feel free to ignore my birthday as well ! 
I have two cats that needs a home . Both are fixed and vaccinated up to date . \ 
1 : Large Male , Short haired mixed breed ( Tabby colored ) . 13 years old . Not safe for children under 7 , and occasionally sketchy around African-Americans , but wonderful otherwise . \ 
2 : Medium Female , Medium haired mixed breed ( Mostly black ) . 4 years old . All-around great little girl , makes a good \lap cat\ " . \ 
i think i need to go to the ER . I seriuosly messed up my left elbow while .... working out ... yeah ... ( actually i was dancing , but what ever ) . I took a shot of vodka hoping to dull the pain enough to sleep , dunno how well that will work . Heres hoping ! 
great . i have my son at 7 AM and i CAN'T FREAKIN ' SLEEP !!! wtf ? my mind and body will not stop moving . I try to lay still and my foot keeps twitching or my eyes won't stay closed . And my mind , well , let's not start on that ... Pray for me that i do not die tomorrow . 
so , < PROPFIRST > paid for me to get my nose pierced last night . it doesn't look half bad . I have to pay him back whenI get money though ^_^ doesn't bother me . 
if i could , i would hold your hand and offer you a cigarette . I would release your hand only when it had burned out . I'd also never give you a lighter . 
fuck , my nose ring itches ... 
I could be your crutch ... maybe then you can look back at all the other times i was there and realize i was always your crutch . I love supporting you . 
If you and I wokeup in jail together ... Using \ 
only 4 words .... What would you say tome ? ( if you comment you have to \ 
copy this to your status ... Fair isfair so play along like nice \ 
children ... ) 
I may not be online for a good while . My computer seems to have died . 
running with scissors again ... and slashing all the roses on my way 
Cutting through ... breaking apart ... running in ... and charging up my ... butterfly wings . Flying away into the night ... piecing it together ... you will be mine . 
i was able to Frankenstein my computer with my dad's . So , i'm all good now ! 
at 6:32 AM i was sitting in my room crying ... Why ? Well , because i heard the studio version of my favorite Miyavi song ever recorded for the first time . The album doesn't even come out til midnight ( Japan time ) . It feels like an early birthday present . 
So , who else has heard Miyavi's new album \What's My Name ? \ " \ 
can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars ? i could really use a wish right now ... 
So , i am another year older .... am i any wiser ? 
you know , i wish my cell still worked . i wonder how many people are going to try texting it to tell me happy b-day 
to everyone who wished me a happy birthday .... THANK YOU ! 
I want a certain person to tell me \Happy Birthday\ " ..... so far ... it hasn't happened ... -_-" 
FACEBOOK EXPERIMENT : If you are reading this , even if we don't speak often , please post a comment of a memory of you and me . When you've finished , post this paragraph on your own status ; you'll be surprised what people remember about you . 
Well , there goes my mind . it just ran away . If you happen to find it please look through it's wallet for taxi fare to send it back to me . 
I want you to know , i love you . I want you to know , i need you . I want you to know that i never meant to feel these things about you . But , i do , so i'll enjoy them . You'll never know nor understand how i feel about you . I'm alright with trying to explain them for the rest of my life . 
I want a cigarette .... * raids the ashtrays again * ... any one want to come bring me a cig ? 
Waiting at the Audobon Gamestop . I'll have my new sims game in an hour and a half . Can't wait ! 
I have my new sims game . now ... i'm going to ignore the real world for a bit ! Bai ! 
Every\ 
person has 1,000 wishes . A cancer patient has one , to get better . I \ 
know 97% will not post this as their status , but I know that my friends \ 
will be one of the 3% and put this as their status , at least for one \ 
hour in honor of those who died because of cancer or are still fighting \ 
it . 
Perhaps you will notice me after all ... 
my mom is being a \goth\ " for Halloween . i guess i rubbed off on her a bit over the years . hehe " 
So , I'm thinking of starting a local computer repair service . I would travel to the person's home and address whatever problems they might have . But , there's a kink in my plan ... I can't come up with a catchy name for my \business\ " . \ 
so , the power supply box in my computer ... well it burned out . It could be a while before i have the money for a new one . You guys may not see me online for a few months . 
I'm tired of owning this house and not being cosulted at all over the decisions made within it . It'd getting laughable how little I matter under my own roof . 
My new power supply for my computer is on it's way here . I'm so jittery with antisipation that it's not even funny . Now , I just hope that nothing else goes wrong with computer any time soon . * crosses fingers * I really miss being able to talk to my friends . 
woot !!! the new power supply just arrived this morning ! i just finished installing it and right now , this is it maiden voyage . So far so freaking good ! 
I sometimes wonder to myself : \Do you have any idea what feelings go through me when you smile ? \"" 
was reading a book all day today ... finally get some peace and quiet to fully enjoy said book , so i make a huge bowl of popcorn .... Three handfuls of popcorn in and i'm finished the book . Life sucks again . 
Letting everyone know :\ 
1 . Currently , my house phone is MIA . We think it got lost outside . \ 
2 . My internet may be shut off within the next few days . 
i need to sleep ... i have my son in less than 6 hours ... why won't my brain shut off ?!?! 
Ok guys , I don't know why , but , my computer WILL NOT connect to the Internet . I'll figure it out eventually . Until then , sorry to the people I was talking to last night when I suddenly went offline . 
i guess it is the season in which i must miss people . I miss my sister < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > , and even though he'll be here tonight i miss < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > amere . I've never really missed you before , but for some reason i miss you now < PROPFIRST > M Price Sr. Maybe i just want my family this holliday . And to think , i don't even want to celebrate christmas . Guess it's a weird year for me . I miss everyone . 
I hate not having a cell phone .... or should i say : having a cell phone and not having service . 
If a man is standing in the middle of the < PROPMALE > speaking and there is no woman around to hear him ... is he still wrong ? 
So , if you haven't figured it out by now , my Internet is shut off . It should be on within the next month or two . I miss you all ! Ttyl 
My Internet is turned back on now ... But my computer refuses to connect . Go figure . Love my luck . 
i'm pretty sure i can't just replace the one part of the computer that is broken . i am about 70% positive that i have to replace the whole motherboard . * my comp hates me * 
out of the blue , my computer has connected to the interwebs . weird huh ? 
Is there a computer genius in the house ??? My computer is driving me into an early grave . Help ! Call my house line if you think you help . 
Waiting for my new wireless network adapter to arrive . Either today or tomorrow . You guys will know when . Until then , I'll try to keep myself updated through my iPod . Ttyl 
my new network adapter is up and running . I hope all the problems i had with internet speed before will now be fixed . 
my house smells like broccoli .... god , it was delicious . 
yay for injuries . fun . 
Sora & Troy , \ 
My Internet crapped out again . I'll be back when I can . \ 
-Aiichi 
falling down the up escalator ... when does the fall end ? 
Have you noticed that you are only seeing updates or getting comments from the same people lately ? Thats because Facebook made a change . You only see posts from people you interact with regularly , to change this Scroll down to the bottom of the newsfeed on the homepage and click on ' Edit Options ' , click on ' Show Posts From ' and change .. the setting to ' All Of Your Friends and Pages ' * REPOST AND LET EVERYONE KNOW * 
having trouble sleeping . i promise though , i will be asleep again though 
X-Men marathon in my bedroom tonight ! woot for classic nerdy awesome-ness ! 
Sanyo 32\ LCD HDTV for my bedroom . it's going to look SO pretty ! " 
got myself and HDTV ... now i just need cable instead of antennae . 
i just want to sleep ... but i can't ... some one is in my bed ... 
currently using my friends old keyboard . Going to take some getting used to . it's hard as hell to type on . 
Happy < PROPFIRST>'s day my fellow Americans . and Happy White day to my Japanese friends ! 
