wants to do something but doesn't know what . 

just had a great time doing crafty things with < PROPFEMALE > ! 
finally has some pictures on facebook other than \tagged\ " photos " 
just went jogging ... it was waaaaay too hot !! Going to go cool off in the pool now ! 
is sad that < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > Fawcett died today . 
is excited that it is Friday , and I will actually get to see < PROPMALE > for more than an hour a day for a few days !! Yeah !! 
is going to see Transformers 2 this morning ... then a birthday party ... then a baby shower ... busy day !! 
just got home from the ER . My dad was in a motorcycle accident with my cousin . They are both fine , but are very bruised , and my dad broke his shoulder bone . Praise God that's all that happened !! 
is very happy that my dad doesn't have to have surgery after all !! Woohoo !! 
got some blackberries at the store , and they DO NOT taste good :o ( Sad cause I love blackberries ! 
is having one of those days where you try to convince yourself that one cuss word would be okay .... can I start today over ? 
' s day is better so far ... I've only been awake for 20 minutes , though :o ) It's going to be a great day today ! I will take extra caution to not be so clumsy ... LOL !! 
is 26 for the next 365 days :o ) 
thanks everyone for your birthday wishes yesterday ! 
is excited to go < PROPFEMALE > out in Bellevue today with < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , Kassi , < PROPFEMALE > , and anyone else who is going !! WooHoo ! 
went hiking today ! It was very fun and beautiful , but it was also very tiring ! 
is headed to church !! 
says , \sleep sweet everybody ! \"" 
Whenever I'm about to do something , I think , ' would an idiot do that ? ' And if they would , I do not do that thing . 
can't wait to < PROPFEMALE > out with little < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow !! 
feels energetic and tired at the same time ... how is that possible ?? 
can't wait to get into the pool .... it is sooooo hot outside !! 
spent 4 1/2 hours in the pool today ... is that too long ?? 
woke up at 3am and did not fall back asleep . 
thought she lived in Washington ... apparently she lives directly on the equator of the sun ! Yes , I'm complaining . 
is going for a jog because it's actually cool enough !! 
just saw the movie Funny People .... I do not recommend this movie . 
is excited for the Dove Reunion today !!! 
woke up at 5 and could not get back to sleep :o ( 
went blueberry picking today with < PROPFEMALE > ! Thinking about making blueberry muffins . I'm hanging out with Jaden right now and watching The Little Mermaid ... I love her ( Jaden ) sooooo much !!! 
thinks her husband is cute . I told him he was my favorite , and he said that I was his favorite too . Then he said , \You're my second favorite too . \ " He's learning well from all these chick flick movies I make him watch to come up with a line like that all on his own !! LOL ! " 
just found out that she's going to be moving out of state - Scary , sad , and exciting all at the same time ! 
Please pray for < PROPFEMALE>'s great nephew , < PROPFIRST > ! He was in an accident and is now in surgery for a head trauma . Thank you so much for praying ! 
is going on a trip to Reno tomorrow to check out her future surroundings ! Fun ! 
is back from visiting Reno ! Missed everyone ! 
absolutely hates bloody noses ! Especially when she has them in the middle of the night ! 
just sold her car !! Praise God ! 
is back from visiting Southern Oregon . So everyone knows , < PROPMALE > and I decided Reno is where we are moving for sure . Oregon had pretty parts , but we both just weren't feeling it the same as when we visited Reno . 
' s official moving date is next Sunday night the 22nd :o ( Will miss everyone a lot !! 
Been watching the cutest puppy in the world for like a day so far . Having her live with me for a week to see if I want to keep her - I think I may just give in :o ) She likes to cuddle ! How do you compete with that ? 
is sad cause she's not going to be able to keep the puppy she's been watching afterall :o ( 
is happy that the root beer she spilled everywhere in her purse last night ( yes , I said IN her purse ) didn't ruin anything important ! Yeah !! Bible survived . Camera survived . Phone survived . Makeup even survived . 
is getting ready to clean the entire condo - cupboards , blinds , refrigerator , oven , whatever else you can think of - yuck . 
We leave tomorrow night for Sparks , NV . If I missed < PROPFEMALE > ing out with anyone , I'm really sorry :o ( Everyone is welcome to stop by at the condo tomorrow before we leave to < PROPFEMALE > out . There WON'T be food cause everything is packed up . We're going to church , then picking up the U-Haul , and then packing and getting ready to leave . We should be at the condo around 2:30 pm or so . If you need our address , let me know . 
is very sad 
AAAAAAAAAAAAAGGGGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! This is so hard ! 
can't wait until she has internet at home and she can actually spend more than a couple minutes catching up with everyone . Should have it a week from today :o ) 
has internet !! 
' s computer broke - looks like I'll only be able to get online when < PROPMALE > is home until we can get a new computer - LAME !!!! 
is happy that her computer isn't broken after all !! 
It's snowing , and I'm not sure how I feel about that ? It's very pretty but also very cold . According to weather.com, it's 18 degrees out but it feels like 8 degrees . Those temperatures aren't supposed to exist !! 
It is 13 degrees out right now - how is the snow supposed to melt in 13 degree weather ? Oh , and tonight , it's supposed to get as low as 4 degrees . There are no exclamation points in this status report because I don't want anyone to mistake my disgust for excitement . :o ) Miss you all ! ( exclamation intended for importance ) Should be in Washington in like 12 days ! ( exclamation intended for excitement ) 
can't believe Christmas is so near - < PROPMALE > and I haven't even started shopping ! 
It's too snowy out to go looking for a church . We figure too many people won't go , and therefore , we won't get an accurate experience which we definitely want in picking a new church . We did a bible study , and we're going to watch Experience Church service at 11 !! Miss you guys , and wish I was there for real :o ) 
will be home not today , not tomorrow , not the next day , but the one after that !!! Yeah !! 
i'm going to be home tomorrow !!! 
thinks it is very lame that < PROPMALE > probably has to go to Redding , CA for a couple days to fix something . This is supposed to be our vacation !! I'm not happy about this . 
Is happy < PROPMALE > doesn't have to leave afterall ! 
gets to see < PROPMALE > today !! I'm so excited ! Wish I was seeing him in WA state and that I wasn't leaving everybody else , but my excitement is overriding that right now :o ) Will miss you all , but will be back in June ! 
made it home safely and is now home with her < PROPMALE > :o ) 
:o ) 
I did the Macarena With my dog in a hole because big bird told me to and he's my leader 
wishes < PROPMALE > was home right now !! Luckily , he'll be home a little later today :o ) 
is happy that < PROPMALE > had a 3-day-weekend but sad that he has to leave today 
wants someone to come visit her :o ) 
It snowed . Again . 
is going grocery shopping today and to find the library , and I'm very excited ! 
You light my path , You show the way , You are my Truth in unsure days . You know my heart , You feel my pain , and I will forever know You are my God . 
Lost starts in less than a week !! I am so excited !! 
Please put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who has been eaten by dragons . My wish for 2010 is that people will understand that being eaten by dragons is not something to be ashamed of . Dragons are nearly unstoppable and are truly terrifying . 93% won't copy and paste this ... They have been eaten by dragons 
Can I just say that PRAYER is AWESOME !!! 
I'm so excited !! I can't believe LOST is only hours away !! These are going to be longest hours of my life waiting for it to start ! I need to find something to do until then !! 
\I'm sorry you had to see me like that . \ " Excited and sad that I have to wait another week to see LOST again :o ) " 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status , and put the first entry for your name under comments . 
is going to San < PROPFIRST > with her Bippa tomorrow ! Talk about traveling far for a date ! Next week he'll be in Oregon ... so close to home ... he'll be as close as < PROPFIRST > for one of the days ... maybe another time he goes up there , I can go with him and then rent a car to go visit for a day or two ? That would be cool ! 
woke up at around 5:30 am this morning and could not get back to sleep ! Lame ! I'm really tired , and may have to take a nap in a little bit :o ) 
Great game ! The commercials were a bummer though ... only a couple good ones :o ( 
To celebrate Valentines day ~ Change your picture to you and your spouse/significant other . Make sure you put how long you have been married/together . *** < PROPMALE > and I have been together for about 5 1/2 years and have been married for just over 3 1/2 years ! ( July is our wedding anniversary ) 
was surprised with a dinner cruise on Lake Tahoe !! It was a really fun experience , and Lake Tahoe is absolutely beautiful ! Thank you so much Bippa ! I love you !! 
just purchased our plane tickets for June ! < PROPMALE > will be home from June 19th through June 27th , and I will be home from June 19th through July 3rd !! Woohoo !! 
It's snowing a lot 
loves her husband a whole lot ! I can't wait until he comes home on Thursday ! 
LOST was awesome tonight ! Something happened that supported a previous theory of mine ! We'll see ! 
Give me one pure and holy passion . Give me one magnificent obsession . Give me one glorious ambition for my life ... to know and follow hard after You . To know and follow hard after You . To grow as Your disciple in Your truth . This world is empty , pale , and poor compared to knowing You , my Lord . Lead me on , and I will run after You . Lead me on , and I will run after You . 
just got a new phone - I think it's called the intensity ? Very nice to not have a razor anymore :o ) 
did Bikram yoga today ( yoga in a REALLY hot room ) and surprisingly really liked it ! I've never sweat that much in my life though . Going back tomorrow :o ) 
will miss < PROPMALE > ( the best dog in the world ) . Praying for the Lazzuri family . Love you guys ! 
\Sometimes you can just hop in the back of someone's cab and tell them what they are supposed to do . Other times you have to let them look at the ocean for a while . \ " -- I am sooooo excited for LOST !! " 
don't forget to spring forward tonight :o ) 
went with her husband to Sacramento and San < PROPFIRST > ! We walked around Old Towne Sacramento , visited the Jelly Belly Factory for a free tour , and roamed around Pier 39 where we saw some cool street performers and sea lions ! Had a ton of fun , and now , < PROPMALE>'s mom and stepdad are coming to visit today through Tuesday ! Our first visitors :o ) Sorry < PROPFEMALE > , but you will still be our first friend visitor :o ) 
Is it weird that I frequently go online just to look up quotes from The Office ? < PROPMALE > Schrute : [ checks watch ] Five minutes ahead of schedule ... Right on schedule . 
is having a \I really want to be back home\ " day today :o ( " 
is excited to go have dinner with some new friends !! :o ) 
is going with < PROPMALE > to Oregon this week ! At one point , I will only be 4 hours away from home ! So close , yet so far :o ) In the future , hopefully I'll be able to rent a car from that point and make a quick trip home :o ) 
\This is your life . Are you who you want to be ? \ " ~ Switchfoot " 
Happy Easter ! 
From all you have read or experienced , what images , pictures , or thoughts do you have of Jesus ? I'm doing a bible study and really liked the question . I'll post my answer below . Fill free to post your answer as well ... I'm curious :o ) 
While driving home today , < PROPMALE > and I saw about 20 deer on the side of the road , and we both thought that was pretty awesome ! About 5 seconds later we saw about 20 cows ... that didn't have quite the same affect :o ) 
wishes she could be more of a comfort . Praying for God's comfort instead :o ) 
is in Monterey , CA !! We're going to the beach today :o ) I forgot my darn phone charger at home though :o ( 
\I never understood Trekies until I became a Lostie ! \"" 
If you have a wonderful man that works hard to take care of you , would do anything for you , that makes you laugh , that's your best friend , who you want to grow old with , who is your world & someone that you're thankful for every night , then post this as your status to give the ... good men out there the recognition they deserve because great men are few & far between ! AMEN ! I ? you Bippa ! 
I asked < PROPMALE > if he could name the street he lived on anything he wanted , what would he name it ? His reply was , \Poppycock Lane . \ " My husband is so weird ... I guess that's what I get for asking such a dumb question though :o ) " 
wishes life was a little more predictable ... I'm probably the only one that wishes that though :o ) 
is in Washington ! It's great to see everyone !! Zonino !! 
made it back safely :o ) 
Hey everybody ! Thank you so much for all of my birthday wishes ! Didn't do much except relax . < PROPMALE > and I ate some In And Out Burger and watched < PROPFIRST>'s Day :o ) 
wishes her mind wanted to sleep as much as the rest of her wants to sleep ... 
My husband is in < PROPMALE > at an interview right now ... pray that it's going well ! 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > Bernhard is very cool , and I love her ! Thanks for showing me how to tag someone in my status !! Zonino ! 
Be a best friend , tell the truth , and overuse I love you ... Go to work , do your best , don't outsmart your common sense ... Never let your prayin ' knees get lazy , and love like crazy :o ) 
is so blessed to have a husband who overlooks my faults and does everything he can to make me happy :o ) Thanks for reminding how great it is to have you Bippa ! Love you ! 
looks like Arizona :o ) 
So , for those of you who don't know yet , it's official ... Ben and I will be moving to Arizona next week . Thanks for all of your guys ' prayers and support ! 
Okay , so I'll be offline for about a week starting pretty much now . If you need to get a hold of me just call or text :o ) 
has internet again !! Yeah ! It's a cool 97 degrees here in Arizona ... yes , I said cool . It was like 109 degrees , so yeah . Anyways , it's beautiful here ! We're getting settled in and < PROPMALE > starts work on Monday . 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > Bernhard makes me smile , and I love and miss her A LOT ! 
has an interview today at 3 ... I haven't had an interview in approximately 5 years . Quite nervous actually . I'm pretty sure the interview process is one of the big reasons I don't want to go back to work . lol :o ) Let me prove myself to you by my productivity in the work place ... please don't make me talk to you about me and answer pointless questions ! Agh !! Pray my mind doesn't go completely blank :o ) 
Interview went well ... it was mainly a screening interview to make sure that I was a good fit . My next interview step is on Tuesday at 11am . The guy I interviewed with today made me nervous about it because he said that the upcoming interviewers are more particular about the things you say and how you word them . Oh well , if it doesn't go well , I'll find something else :o ) I'm sure it will go well though ... 
Almost time for my second interview ... wish me luck :o ) 
it is pouring outside !! Lots of thunder and now the lights are flickering ! Agh !!! :o ) 
Okay , so I got the phone call for my next interview ( my final interview , I think ) . It's this Friday at 10:00 am and it's a panel interview . If that goes well , I'm pretty sure the job is mine :o ) 
' s interview is in less than an hour ... agh !!! I'll let you know how it goes . 
Interview is over , and I did the best I can . That's all that can be asked of me :o ) I think it went well , and I hope to know something by the end of next week or the beginning of the following week . 
was just offered the position :o ) They didn't offer as much as I had hoped , but it is still probably better than any other entry level position I could get , so that's good . Just need to discuss it with my husband before officially accepting it :o ) 
is officially employed and starts work on Monday :o ) 
had her first day back to work today . It wasn't horrible , but I did get the bad news that I will be working day shift for now which requires me to be at work by 6am . If anybody knows me , they know that I am NOT a morning person and don't care to know what that time of day looks like . I was really looking forward to graveyard ... maybe in the future :o ) 
Day 2 : Much better :o ) ( although , getting up at 5am was lame ) Hopefully I can get used to it , and if I can't maybe they'll let me request graveyard eventually ? :o ) 
Is it sad that it's 70 degrees outside and I am teeth-chattering cold ? 
I never thought I would say that I have a favorite song because there are so many great ones out there ; however , I have just determined that I do , indeed , have a favorite song . I've never gotten sick of it and am literally very happy every time I hear it , and I hear it oftenl \Everything\ " by Lifehouse - I am in love with this song . " 
Happy Thanksgiving ! 
Wish I was in Washington visiting family and friends back home :o ) 
I do not feel well :o ( - first time throwing up in a long time . I just want to sleep but can't ... miserable ... blah ! 
Made it home safely :o ) Now I have to work in like an hour and a half - boo :o ( 
