Happy New Year ! here's to a fresh start on life and new beggings for everyone ! love you all and goodnight , goodmorning how ever u wanna say it i'm going to bed now !! HAPPY NEW YEAR 2011 !!!! 

wishing i was somewhere warm and dry not cold and wet ! 
moving to TX finally get to live the official married life !!! 
still experimenting with facebook give me some time and i'll get it in no time ! lol 
not quite settled in my new apt yet ! lol but getting there one thing at a time ! 
Took the census test did ok gonna retake it this wednesday to get a higher score ! 
Why am i Not entirely surprised that my witch of a mother has a facebook as well !! well she's one person i won't be adding !! 
Feliz Cinco De Mayo !!! 
Gotta go to work now ugh i really don't feel like going out in this heat it drains me of my precious energy(sigh ) 
Finally finished my paperwork that was due 2day ! phew ! now I'm off to PARTY the whole night away !!! YAY !!!!!! 
payed bills , got new tires , an oil change , and still had money left over to do some shopping . 
Went out clubin ladies night had a good ass time last night (: D ) 
cocinando yellow with beans and pernil .... MmMmmm ... yummy !!! 
Cooked a nice dinner last night my first Pernil ever it came out excellent and now an afternoon at the zoo and i still have seven days left to spend with my wonderful husband ! 
went to the mall and the movies yesterday saw clash of the titans i was really good ... today I'm being challenged to a cook off my zitti against my friend < PROPFEMALE>'s lasangna ... cross ur fingers and hope i win .... ;) 
i'm going tanning today(all natural sun tanning ) 
it's on ! she's in the lead only cause one of my ricotta's had green in it so hubby went out and got a new one for me .... isn't he sweet ? 
not fair it was a tie < PROPFEMALE>'s lasagna had more flavor but my zitti had more cheese and meat it was fun i enjoyed hers it was very healthy . 
another exciting day awaits me :) 
nothing exciting today just going to the doctor . 
had a cook out and a pool patry today was and is a great day !.... except for the rain !!! 
going in the pool now ttul . 
hanging out today and going swiming 
bout to go swiming it's so hot out ! 
just came out the pool and about to take my friends home !!! 
ok so heres whats going on ......... nothing 
shopping , dinner and clubing this is gonna be a good night !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
ok so yesterday i did 15 laps in the pool , got a pedicure(the best i've ever had ) , went on post with friends got some drinks , went to the OP(gay club ) with my friends , it was so gay that we were in and out in less than 3 mins ..... 
went to WET ULTRA LOUNGE(a straight club ) had 4 guys hit on one of my friends , i sliped and fell on the wet floor brused my hand , then we all left the clubs and went to IHOP , by the time we got home it was 4:30 am gosh wat a night !! i had fun tho and thats all that counts !! 
laps today again , a manacure for me and my friend and a hair cut ..... then were off to the movies life is exciting when you have friends to share it with ! :) 
feeling sick today , i hope i feel better soon :( 
feeling just a lil ' better , stil feel like crap . 
still not feeling well everytime i stand up and start walking i feel dizzy and lightheaded . 
8 more days til twilight eclipse comes out !!!!! 
good night to all and to all a good night ! i'm goin to bed now . 
ok here's my news of the day : i boke a nail and i found out i have strep ! :( 
7 days and counting til \TWILIGHT ECLIPSE\ " comes out !!!!!! " 
i'm starting a poke chain please dont break !!!!! 
ok friends and family i'm sick and need to get my rest now night ! 
today is my hubby's last day in the army . as of right now he's free to go on vaca find a job or just relax 
you kno it amazes me that some ppl can go from being the nicest person but deep inside them is someone mean and careless ! 
Kareoke contest on myspace to win tickets to see \TRAIN\ " live in concert and meet them backstage !!! " 
4 more days til ' TWILIGHT ECLIPSE ' COMES OUT !!!! 
POKE WAR !!! 
wishing i was feeling 100% better . 
it's pouring out hear my TV an AC keep going out and came back on . 
so i keep getting this wierd phone call from this place called \Active Periodicals\ " and so i looked them up and found another number to call but there closed . " 
my lil ' bro is growing up so fast . 
Happy 4th of JULY everyone !!!!!!!!!!!! hope to have some fun today . 
I dislike the ppl or person that came out with the game WORLD OF WARCRAFT !! 
i don't who it is but i have reason to believe someone was hacking into my account . 
Hubby is taking me out on a surprise date some where he won't tell me . 
OMG !!!! I had the best time we went to dinner at < PROPFEMALE > Garden and then he surprised me by ............. TAKING ME TO SEE ECLIPSE !!!! it was so amazing that when the ending came i was expecting more . i wanna see more !!!! 
i just has the best dream ever last night .... it was all about TWLIGHT !!! 
i'm being forced to play world of warcraft aka wow 
went to the zoo it was kinda fun and cheezy at the same time there weren't enough animals . 
If you're brave copy this to your status , and see what people rate you . ( 1 ) Crazy(2)Wish we went out . ( 3 ) Talkative ( 4 ) Sarcastic ( 5 ) Lovable ( 6 ) Sexy ( 7)Strong ( 8 ) Dumb ( 9 ) Spoiled ( 10 ) Mouthy ( 11 ) Wild ( 12 ) Goofy(13 ) Funny(14 ) awesomely awesome ( 15 ) Beautiful ( 16 ) Am azing(17 ) ...... Cute ... ( 18 ) 
ughh wish i was with or around family i'm so bored !! 
you are reading this , whether we do or don't speak often , post a comment of the first memory you have of ME that pops in your head . When you've finished , post this paragraph on your own status . You'll besurprised what people remember about you !!!! 
if all fails here in tx were think of fl or nj so we know we got family to visit and friends to < PROPFEMALE > w/ if i get really bored ! i'm trying my luck out on McDonald's again .... ugh i hate working for fast food places they liketo take advantage of you ... well wish me luck and and pray i get this job for now .... make the money i need and then leave this state just like the friends i made are leaving 1 by 1 . 
u take a hotdog stuff it with some < PROPFIRST > cheese roll it in a pizza , you got cheesy blasters ... i was watching an episode of ace of cakes and they were singing about cheesy blasters and now the song is stuck in my head !!!!! 
it's a definite yes were moving but after he get his mula from the army !!!!! soooo ... until then i have to get a job cause we dont kno for sure when he's getting that green . 
so i got the job at McDonalds ... thier cheap asses wanna pay me 50 cents less than what i was recieving in Pennsyilvania ... the manager said that's how everyone starts out and that i have to work my way up ... HELLO i have the fudging expierance did i not just say that UGH !!!! I HATE MCDONALDS more now than i ever did !!!! UUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH !!!!! 
Somewhere over the rainbow Way up highThere's a land that I heard of once in a lullaby Somewhere over the rainbow Skies are blue And the dreams that you dare to dream really do come true 
Attn facebook friends and fanmily : i need you help < PROPFIRST > and i cant decide where to move to so i want you all to vote between Jersey and Florida 
< PROPFIRST > got his money !!!! so we should be otta El Paso by this time next month :D my wishes are starting to come true !! 
I got a new camera today and were moving out next month now still not sure wat date < PROPFIRST > is stallin , he wants to do things last < PROPFEMALE > and i'm not down for that . 
HAPPY ANNIVERSARY BABY , I LOVE YOU MORE EVERYDAY !!!! \ 
ready to have the best day ever !!! 
I haven't been called into work almost all week both good and bad , good b/c i dont wanna work and bad b/c i need the money ! 
i went to my job yesterday to see why they haven't called me into work they said i have 2 no call no shows ... the manager is rollin her eyes @ me the whole time .. she said they tried calling but got nothing i think it's bull but wateva , cant stand bitches !! 
I have an official move date now it's sept 20 ... i started packing already things are moving very slow but thats only b/c most of my things are packed and in storage ! i cant believe i'm moving again i'm happy where ever i go !! 
apartment searching is so difficult when all you have is someones word and a few bad pics to look at 
less than a month to go before i move my nerves are kickin in ... I'm nervous scared excited i don't kno wat to expect only time will tell 
11 more days until leave for NJ can't wait ! 
Children with special needs don't have an illness , so they are not contagious . \ 
They want what we all want , which is to be accepted . Most of you \ 
probably won't copy and paste this . But will you please do it and leave \ 
it on your status for at least one hour ? It's special education week 
Good morning everyone well it's only 8 days until I am on my way to Jersey !! this month has gone by so fast !! 
in one week exact i will be on my way \home\ " ( no tiffy this doesn't mean FL lol ) " 
it's still so early here but i feel so tired !!! 
movers are here and there almost dne packing our stuff ! MONDAY is right around the corner and we leave between 8-10am 
ok so friday movers came took our crap .. we went to the movies and saw Resident Evil : After life .. saturday came i help my friends kids and there friend w/ there fundraiser , came home shampooed the carpet and went to the movies again and saw DEVIL !! both movies were freakin amazing and scary ! 
Afternoon facebook friends and family well it's moving day and we just have more last < PROPFEMALE > . packing to do and then we'll be on our way around 2pm TX time !!! oh and b4 we leave the apt has to be inspected :( booo we cleaned up everything the best we could ! 
were on I10 headin toward huston to rest at a friends house for the night were ok we had to make a few stops for a nap and to stretch our legs so far so good !!! 
we made it to Huston ok had a good nights rest back on the again headiing towards Louisiana ! 
hey we made it thru Louisiana got stuck in traffic and we are now in Mississippi next stop Alabama !!! 
we made thru Alabama , part of < PROPFEMALE > , and now were in Tennessee heading towards < PROPFEMALE > another hour .. min .. sec clocer to Jersey !!! 
ok so after not being able to connect to the internet for a while i can finally let you all kno that we made it < PROPFEMALE > TN and VA and W VA heading towards MD and < PROPFEMALE > and it so hppens that were gonna be passing by Harrisburg so were gonna stop there for a bit only 4 hrs til we get to Jersey !! 
WE MADE IT WE MADE IT !!! we got i late last night ! 
so i have a job now @ Popeyes and yesterday was my first day and today was my second day . it was stressful and exausting my feet are killing me ugh but i got keep this job if i want to pay bills and find and apt ! 9am- 2:30 pm again 2moro . 
i like it in the corner by the computer 
i hate my new job so much to do so little time and it just to much they keep me past my time if \my job isn't done\ " gonna start looking for a new one that pays a lil more than wat i'm getting now ! " 
work was aiight today it was a lil busy my feet are killin me i have off 2moro thank god ! 
looking for a new job it sucks but i hate the one i'm in now always gettin ***** at for no reason at all ! 
late night come home , work sucks i know !!! 
Hello Applebee's GOOD FREAKIN BYE POPEYES !!!!! \ 
i applied @ applebee's and spoke to a manager and he said to come back on Monday @ 2 pm YES !!!! 
HAPPY HALLOWEEN !!!!!!! \ 
who's goin trick or treating ? i kno i will !! ;) 
ween was fun back to reality and time to prepare for thanksgiving christmas and new years ! start your shopping early cuz come black friday everything will be raised ! you can put stuff on layaway and pay little at a time @ kmart ! 
Veteran ...... A Veteran is someone , who at one point in their life , wrote a blank check payable to the United States of < PROPFEMALE > for an amount up to , and including , their life . That is an honor , and there are way too many people in this country who no longer remember that fact . -Copy and paste this as your status if you are a veteran ( I'm not , but I am extremely Proud to say that my Hubby is a US Veteran ) 
it's to early for hail i went to the VA with < PROPFIRST > this morning and it was was hailing i can't this ! 
i hate this freakin crappy ass economy !! can't find a job or people getting fired , the pay rates not high enough ! 
Happy Veterans day to anyone whos ever served even the ones who got out .... because they still contributed ... :) and Happy Bday to my lil sister who turns 21 today ! 
a lil down due to the fact i can't get a job anywhere ! i applied online in person but get nothing poor miserable me ! 
i need all the prayers i can get i'm so close to getting a job ! i have to go back to applebees 2moro and tacobell next week . 
My husband has made me laugh . Wiped my tears . Hugged me tight . Watched me succeed . Seen me fail . Cheered me on . Kept me going strong . My husband is a promise from god that I will have a friend forever . Put this on your status if you love your husband ! 
I am thankful for my friends and family ! thank you all for being here for me love you alll ! 
I need < PROPMALE > prayers my way plz and thank you ! 
I am thankful for GOD , love , life ! 
Premiering for the first time on abcfamily Beauty & The Beast on the east coast it comes on @ 8pm tonight ahhh i'm so gonna watch it ! :D 
Good Morning one and all and Happy Thanksgiving to you , your friends and families ! 
watching the parade it's almost done and then i have to do some more last < PROPFEMALE > shopping ! 
thanksgiving was good food was delish of course i made it ! :P 
about to watch the wizard of oz on tbs 
i've got ooVoo now ;) \ 
Video call me now http://webvideocall.oovoo.com/callme/babysplash2003/317 
Change your Facebook profile picture to an animated cartoon from your childhood and invite all of your friends to do the same ! Purpose of the game ? So that by Tuesday you can't see a single human face on facebook but an invasion of childhood memories for the FIGHT AGAINST CHILD ABUSE ... Help out the cause , STOP CHILD ABUSE !! 
ATTENTION : PLEASE REMOVE ALL CARTOON PICS FROM YOUR PROFILE PICS ! WARNING ~~~ THE CAUSE WAS A LIE . PEDOFILES STARTED THIS TREND FOR KIDS TO ACCEPT THEM !!! DETAILS WILL BE ON THE NEWS TONIGHT ! COPY & PASTE & SEND 2 ALL OF UR FRIENDS 
It's SNOWING ! 
i know it's a lil early for a new years resolutions but for me it's never to early ; my new year resolutions are get an edudcation , get a job and getting back on track with my bills . 
does anyone kno any legit free movie websites ?, if so plz let me kno thanks 
got some wonderful gifts today from my familia in FL ! Thanks Mom , Tiffy , Jonattan , girls(Yaya , < PROPMALE > and Lavyn ) < PROPFEMALE > , Grandma , Grandpa , < PROPFEMALE > , you all rock thank you all < PROPFEMALE > much with all my love ! 
X-mas < PROPFEMALE > was a blast at my sister-inlaws after that party we went to another one and it was ok there was no one there in my age range just a bunch of 30 something yrolds having a good time . got wonderful gifts from both places thank you and got wonderful gifts from the fam in FL . thx love u all ! going to see my Dad today cant wait ! Oh yea 1 more thing < PROPFEMALE > X-mas everyone ! 
had a wonderful at my dads the other day went to see my mother-in-law when we got back ... Happy 48 yrs of life daddy ! there is so much snow on the ground you can barely walk thru , < PROPFEMALE > as hell i just felt the house shake a lil cause of the wind , trying ton stay warm as much as possible and hoping my hubby feel better . 
still alot of snow on the ground cold as hell outside was cold as hell last night in my room tonight feels better bout to hit the sack night all 2moro's another day ! 
my New Years resolution is to get my GED get a real job and go to Collage I'm sick of living like this and if I dont make any changes for myself nothing will get done and i will be like this forever . Change for me starts Jan . 3 , 2011 when everyone goes back to school ! 
i felt no holiday spirit from anywhere this year i'm kinds borded the music sucks and i'm missin my family , and i'm feeling tired already hopefully next year will be better for us all ! i might pass out early and might not be on 2moro so Happy New Year to you all ! 
I'm so close yet so far away in order for me to register for GED classes out here I gotta have a state id card and no one is home at the moment the wife went out and my father-inlaw is out with < PROPFIRST > . i have to get this done by 6pm my time tonight . 
today is the day , i'm gonna get my state id and register for night classes for the GED i'm super excited and a lil nervous idk why but this is my year . time to get on the right track with my life . 
so i tried this week to register for GED classes but time wasn't on my side this week for registration so i'm gonna try first thing Monday morning when i have nothing to do ! 
so i waited in welfare all day for them to tell me my shit got denied in Dec . and these ppl waited a whole month to send me a letter saying i'm denied b/c of failure to provide information ... ( the letter my dearest father-inlaw was supposed to write ) so now i gotta go back again 2moro and start my process all over again > ( 
I did wat needed to be done today at welfare and they said go home and just wait for a letter in the mail and of course it's snowing again ! I hate the snow and I hate the cold ! 
home listening to music w/ the girls(my lil sisters-inlaw ) :) preparing to go to the mall in a bit i'm finally getting a new coat today after about 3-4 yrs ! 
thank you for your opinions all who gave one i put my foot down with my father-inlaw and i'm gonna go to day classes and come home to help the kids w/ their hw ! 
I'm on the road to success i registered for the GED program at PS 3 and I go 2moro thats if the school isn't snowed in and take a placement test and thursday is the samething ! i am so proud of myself . 
i got testing to do today hope to pass w/ flying colors so i can take the GED test asap ! wish me luck ! 
ATTN : DRIVERS : THIS MESSAGE IS FOR ALL THE DRIVERS OUT THERE WHO LIKE TO DRIVE WITH THEIR WINDOWS DOWN IN THE FREAKIN WINTER TIME , WHEN THEY HAVE PASSENGERS WITH THEM !!! LEAVE YOUR WINDOWS UP KEEP THE HEAT LOW AND YOU WONT BE TO HOT AND UR PASSENGERS WONT COMPLAIN !!!!!! 
woke up to snow -_- i hate it 
Just came from school had and interesting math topic ... about negative and positives adding and subtracting what do you get ? for ex : 12+(-7) = ?, (-12)+8 =?\ 
in english yawn it was about pro-nouns , pro- nouns replace nouns . for ex : I replaces < PROPFEMALE > , him replaces < PROPFIRST > . anyways i hope i have another great day 2moro ( dare i say it ) , ( ok ) school is kinda cool now . 
so i had another good day and i took the practice science test for the GED and i got a 490 ! 
my father inlaws blood glucose was really scary high today and to make sure that he wasn't the only one he made his wife , me and < PROPFIRST > check our sugar and we were all low and we yelled at him for being the only stupido w/ high sugar ! 
getting ready to go to NY to Museum of Natural History with my lil sister inlaw we gonna have a blast !! 
such a snowy day had to shovel all day so much snow and more on the way aye i freakin hate the snow it's cold it's wet it's icy at times it's slushy !! 
so i have GED clasess Mon-Thurs . and being that there was the aftermath of snow storm the night b4 i'm think i have school today so i took my lil sister inlaw to school and i hopped on the light rail(train ) to go down town once there i realize that today was friday and imidiately turn my ass around and went back home , i swear i was not thinking today 
90's Throw back today got any songs you want me to post just holla ! 
got school and i'm gonna ask if i can continue testing and possibly retake the writing part 
gettin ready for school expecting snow today ugh why cant it be spring , summer , and fall all the time it hate this freaking cold weather !! 
i'm cold , tired , i got a headache , i feel like i wanna puke :( 
roads too icy to go to school i get to stay home and chill or run around doing errands w/ my father inlaw and hubby 
ok so i'm practicing my math skills and came across this question can you help me solve it ?... Which of the following statements is the smallest in value ? ( 1 ) 6 3/4% of 50 ( 2 ) 8% of 90 ( 3 ) 50% of 100 ( 4 ) 3/10% of 70 ( 5 ) 3/4% of 240 
i really dont feel well but i'ma try and go back to sleep now :( 
was sick yesterday had a stomache virus couldn't eat , could barely move , stood in bed all day and just rested and tried to sleep but was so hard when you got a house full of kids screaming every 5secs ... but i'm feeling about 90% better and went out with the kids to Chuck-E-Cheese and then to Toys'R'Us to get them a toy each had a time now were back home and more drama w/ the kids ugh g2g FB luv ya ! 
watching New < PROPFEMALE > and Eclipes :) 
So it's dinner time in our house and my DARLING HUSBAND is finished eating his food so he put his head down to rest a bit ... i go to tap him on the shoulder to let him kno to go upstairs and laydown , he wakes up with the JOLT of energy and swings at me and misses we all busted out laughing at him like he had something on his face lmao ! 
it's so beautiful outside i wish it could just stay like this the rest of the year !! 
went out for a bit with my hubby to see his sisters and grab a bite to eat ... just got back and the 2 lil one here are asking a billion and 1 questions ... ugh kids 
UGH !!! it's snowing again WHY ?!! 
Home sick , wishin I was in Fl even if it's just for a day :'( \ 
I miss you MOM , DAD , TIFFFY , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , YAYA LAVYN , AND PAIGEY , oh and i cant forget JORGE-you crack me up !! I PROMISE I WILL COME AND VISIT THIS YEAR SOMEHOW ! 
MY Bday is in 2 more days i'm all hyped up i just hope my hubby can come up with some money for my hair and a new outfit aleast . 
today is my Bday and so far it's going great had the best day at my lil sisters inlaw school surprised the now ' 7 ' yr old with munchin's and juice and about to go out and get my Heer did for tonight and i would like to Thank everyone who has wished me a happy bday so far I'm having a happy day tho it is gloomy out ! :D 
my plans are ruined looks like i couldn't convince enough people to meet me up at the club . sucks to be me cause i lost all the happiness i had today , looks like i'm just gonna spend another year doing nothing ! 
So as i sit here sad and lonely , my darling husband gives me a hug , tells me close my eyes and hands me a box . He says open your eyes and open your present . Inside the box are the cutest pair of boots I've ever worn . 
so tired from Parting all afternoon and all night my feet hurt and i'm so sleepy i'm going to bed GN FB love you all ! HAD A BLAST TODAY DANCE MY ASS OFF WITH MY HUBBY , HIS DAD , AND HIS GRANDMA , i had so much fun i will post neww pics 2moro if i get a < PROPMALE > ! GN again ! 
So i just recently found out that my lil brother has a possible son and he never told me , i hope that he can come to his senses and tlk to me more often that wat he does now ! 
I went to volunteer at my sisterinlaws class today and I found out that this week is Dr. Suess ' Bday and so the school rent a Cat In The Hat costume and had the The Cat In The Hat going around class to class , it was so cute i wish i had brought my camera :( 
I am sooo tired , but the good news is i get to take the up coming GED test on the 14th .... first part of the test is writting ! i'm so excited . \ 
in other news crazy hat day was fun funny and exciting\ 
Happy Birthday Dr. Suess 1904-1991 your books are beloved by everyone your may be gone but you are certainly not forgotten ! 
rain rain go away come again another day ! bored to death , the kids are running up and down the stairs and screaming thinking of going to < PROPMALE > to Build A Bear Workshop for the 2 girls can make their Beary own friend ! 
believe in Jesus Christ and have accepted Him as my personal Savior . A facebook friend has challenged all believers to put this on their wall . In the Bible it says , if you deny me in front of your peers , I will deny you in front of my Father at the Gates of Heaven . This is simple . If you love God and you are not afraid to show it , repost . I Love Jesus Christ 
had a very exciting day went to < PROPFEMALE > Science Center with my sister inlaws school and then back home to study some science that i missed out on today for school 
yesterday was fun but it's back to school today gotta get back into focus for my upcoming GED tests gotta get my study on lol !! after school is volunteer work at my sister-inlaws school :) busy busy busy thats what you gotta do ! 
cold < PROPFEMALE > rainy boring stay home feeling . 
well 2moro is almost here and i honestly cant wait to start my week off good ; in the morning DONT have to go to school so instead i think i'll just volunteer @ my sister inlaws school , then after her day is done i will quickly help her with as much HW as I can b4 4:15 and then at 4:30 it's my writing test for the GED(real thing now ) I hope my mind doesn't go blank while i'm writing lol !!! wish me luck :) 
Well the writing test of my GED was ok i'm sure i got most of the answers for the multiple choice right it's the essay portion i'm a lil worried about , i'm not to confident i'll get a good grade but i pray to God i do cause i did the best i could for not being able to plan out what i write .... thurs . is reading and s.s. wish me lots of luck i'm gonna need it . 
So I took the writing test yesterday and i PASSED !!! i'm sooooooo happy and so proud of myself !! Thursday night is READING AND S . S .... 1 Down 4 more to go and i'll have that GED in my hands in no time ! :) 
OK so today is day 2 of testing I < PROPFEMALE > ke READING and SS this afternoon cant wait i feel so ready for this got GOD on my side things are s < PROPFEMALE > rting to look great ! I'll post my results as soon as i get them !! ttfn < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > for now ! 
SOooo I PASSED my test Writing , Reading , and SS , 2 more test to take and pass and i'll be done in no time . My scores are the following so far WRITING : 480 , READING : 500 , and SS: 440 I am so pleased with myself i love this goal of mine i'm glad i put it primary !! Mon . Sci ., Thurs . Math part 1&2 ( thats gonna tuff but i can do it ! ) :) :) 
went to the casino last night had a blast was very smart with my money this time i actually payed attention to what i was winning . < PROPFIRST > and I walked in w/ $60 spent about $40-$50 and walked out with $64 not a bad night cant wait to go again ! \ 
taking a chill day cause i got a headache ! TESTING TONIGHT GOT SCIENCE TO TAKE ! wish me luck and send your prayers this way please and thank you !! 
I PASSED THE SCIENCE TEST LAST NIGHT !!!!!!!!!!!!! now all i need is a 410 or more on math on thursday and in a wk&half i will have my diploma in my hands and then graduation in june !!! I feel so accomplished !!!!!!! WHOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
bad news i failed math ! :'( i am so disappointed now , i worked my ass off and i went to school this morning to get the extra math in now i have to re-take it and try try and get atleast 20 more points : '' (''' I FREAKIN HATE MATH !!!!! this test was so hard i was breakin my head tryin to figure it out . 
feeling a lil better about wat happened last night i'm still disappointed i really thought thats it i'm done dimploma , graduation , and then off to collage in one shot not 2 i'm retaking the test next month and this time i'm studying at home . 
@ 4pm today hopefully earlier i will be going to see my daddy dearest ! i am so happy ! :D 
OMG OMG SECRET LIFE IS BACK AND IT PREMIERE'S TONIGHT !!! 
saw < PROPFEMALE>'s play today it was so cute all the first graders in her school all paticipated wonderfully . the play was one women's history about women who did something important or invented something ! :) i am so proud of < PROPFEMALE > because she memorized her lines and said them nicely on stage ! 
OK , ummm ... how can i say this .... well i went to the doctors today and got approved that i am PREGO !! i am very excited i cant believe it , i said once before and i'll say it again THIS IS MY YEAR !!! nothing can stop me now !! \ 
PS this is not an April fools joke ! real thing here ppl !! 
