Up until now , I forgot mention that I have Twitter . https://twitter.com/FuckKing 

And I'm like the hole I put in your head / Because I'm bleeding you dry 
Not looking forward to finals . 
Trying to resize an image to 50x50 . The image ? A swastika . I want to use it as an avatar . 
I think I bombed my algebra final . 
Tomorrow I have no exams . Hurray ! 
I'll be in town from 10-2 tomorrow . Feel free to stalk me , you rapist werewolves . 
This is not the end of you / This is not the end of me / Death is not an end 
Woke up too late to go into town . ): 
I misread the price tag on the guitars . I get home and check my wallet , though . Turns out I have around $400 . I FAIL ! 
Spent two hours walking around town and eating . Yay . 
The drugs , they say , make us feel so hollow . 
Got into a fight with my sister yesterday , so I'm punished for the next two weeks . Meet me in the library . 
HARHARHAR . Finally managed to tell Mister Psychiatriast I want to go back on Happy Pills and that I've wanted to kill myself recently . Now everyone's taking shit too seriously . Hurray for more stupid decisions . . . 
Don't turn your back on me ; I've got a knife for every scar your lips left on the night sky . 
Love and I am experience a wonderful exegesis in the land of rape and < PROPFEMALE > . 
After much soul-searching , I decided I'll try for law school . 
Guys , I can't find any worthwhile porn . D: 
I forgot to mention ; I got a haircut a few days ago . It's fucking short . I HAAAAAAATE IT ! 
I've fallen from hate into love . I think I'll celebrate by murdering < PROPFEMALE > . 
The death of < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > shall be avenged , also with the murder of < PROPFEMALE > . Speaking of which , typo in that last one- meant to say from love into hate . Meheh . 
The meds are kicking in and my head is kicking off . It feels like it's full of helium and kept on earth by a chain and the chain melts into my nerves . Not a pleasant experience . 
Just found out we have a summer reading assignment . THIS ! IS ! THE ! WORST ! DAY ! ever 
Let us consummate our marriage ; that is to say , let's consume each other . 
What job would be better : Lawyer , or controversial editorial ( opinion piece ) writer ? 
American McGee's < PROPFEMALE > . Play it . NOW . 
Nostalgia breaks hearts , especially mine . A good fuck mends them . 
It's raining cats and gods in Wonderfuckingland . 
I feel like I'm dying and drying and I'm going to collapse . 
Tried listening to Iggy Pop's new album . It's garbage . 2/5 
I am the headless < PROPFEMALE > . 
I reeeeeeeeeaaaaaaaaaaaaaally don't like this medication . Fuck thinking straight ; I can't even see straight when on it . 
Can the dead speak ? 
I know what I'll write about . \The Tragedy That Was God \"" 
Dead naked women < PROPFEMALE > from the ceiling , strangled by umbilical chords , whilst a man composes a symphony . Sounds catchy and cliched enough . 
Is it so wrong to be in love with oneself ? 
It's so lonely here . 
Going out in a few minutes to waste over 9000 dollars on video games . 
Grabbed \Army of Two\ " and \ " Call of Duty : World at War \"" 
I figured out why I would have no problems being , in my own words , \a pretty girl . \"" 
I fully intend to go bald . I simply need to find someone who can chop off my hair . 
Have you ever wanted to murder someone you loved ? ( < PROPFEMALE > , I'm glaring knives into YOU . ) 
I have this recurring dream of a topless woman wrapped in an American flag against a blue backdrop . Is it political ? Is it sexual ? Is it artistic ? What the fuck is this shit ? 
Contrary to popular belief , women are not a scourge . No , it is the social expectation to want to FUCK them that is a scourge . Fuck heterosexuality ; I prefer roses . 
A hydra with many , many heads eating its way through the face of the world like a maggot . Camera's , crying , watch this grotesque spectacle , but none raise a hand against it . 
Grey people , men , women , children , staggering through a junkyard that is the planet , gas masks attached to their faces with tubes leading to nothing , will inherit the earth , as they are the meek . Nuclear death is a failure and an atomic family value . 
I can't get over how bizarre sex with Superman would be . He's got super strength , so wouldn't he break you ? And he can fly faster than a speeding bullet , so I figure , if he doesn't break you , he'll pop out on the backthrust . Oh , Libbit , why must you leave 
Hurray for fucking fucking ! 
New short story idea . You will find out soon . 
Sister threw another bitchfit . 
Romance is a wonderful thing , but if you lie , and you aren't going to stay forever , you'd better run . Summary of \Together Forever ( Abuse) \"." 
In other news , the 5-hour-nap I took today is blamed on my sleep habits . THAT'S FUCKING FUNNY , YOU CUNT . I was under the impression that I was prescribed FUCKING SEROQUEL for MOTHERFUCKING INSOMNIA . These MOTHERFUCKING PILLS just happen to make me a MOTHE 
It's official : I can't write worth shit anymore . What the fuck is a Main Hub , you cheap motherfucker ? GAAAAAAAAAAAAHHH ! 
\Organic\ " is pretty much a summary of the last year . " 
And it has a Shakespear reference . I predict it'll be between 400 and 1000 words . For those not familiar , that's VERY little for a short story . 
have fun ; eat many samurai 
21st Century Breakdown : 6/10 . A few good ballads , a few good anthems , but that's become normal for Green Day . Can we please have something new ? 
If you die on their TV , you're a martyr and a lamb of God . 
I know why everything is going wrong . Admitting why , though , seems so cruel to those involved . Cruel ? To whom ? I am nothing . 
My computers monitor is bugging out . Won't be online much for awhile , but you won't notice . 
My father's dying . Liver cancer . 
Time for brightsides . I'm near a barbershop , so I can finally get my hair shaved off . :D 
Need a real fucking razor , not these cheap disposable ones . 
< PROPFIRST > Bowie is made of win ( and rainBOWIE's . ) 
The swastika bores me . What other obscene symbol could represent me ? 
\Orphan\ " looks like garbage . I'm entirely willing to bet that most of the ' thrilling ' scenes were present in the trailer . " 
Visited my fathers side of the family for the first time since I was a small child . My father is visiting tomorrow . We will have a talk . I will find out why he was never there . 
I promised myself I wouldn't cry . Fucking promises . 
Time to kill Commie Reds . Video games , AWAY ! 
ATTENTION : Tits . That will be all . [ And my next visit with my father has been rescheduled . Sadface . ] 
I should expand on my previous statement : Tits are the ONLY thing worth living for . 
Is it wrong to want to kill someone who has prevented you from committing suicide multiple times ? NOMNOMNOM , fucking ethical decisions . . . 
< PROPFEMALE > Cooper is a talentless hack ( but that's not news ) . 
It is a bad sign when a film only becomes interesting after someone has died . 
I'll give 2001 : A Space Odyssey a 5/10 . Excellent visuals and soundtrack , but this is not enough to save it from the trappings of psychedelia and its pandering to the ambiguity lovers ( read : anti-intellectual fucktards ) . One would be far more enlightened 
AT&T blocked 4chan , then unblocked it , but idiots DDoS'd it , now it isn't DDoS'd . What the fucking fuck ? 
For the first time in my life , I've been threatened with Hell by my own family . HAHAHA , when will you stupid fucking people learn that God cannot be sent to Hell ? 
Addicted/Tegan(L)I love you , Angelita(L ) says ( 9:39 PM ): Dude ? Can I honestly say that I'm worried about you without sounding too feminine ? xD Somnia says ( 9:39 PM ): Sure . People need to express their feeeeeeliiiiiiiiings They're also fucking afraid o 
Your face is going to need a coffin . 
My fucking brain feels like it's outgrowing my skull , except I know that's not true because there are no pain receptors int he brain . Now I'm wondering where the fuck headaches come from , if not the brain . 
Zzzzzz . As it turns out , there's considerably less fun in beating the shit out of small children than I thought . I'm going to go deep-throat a squirrel now , or something . 
Oh my fucking God ! Oh I'm fucking God ! 
Just found an I HATE MEN !!! group on Facebook . Now , ordinarily I would support any movement that has the logical conclusion of human extinction , but this idea just reeks of immaturity and fail . Time to read the comments for lulz . 
Hurray , another Nazi Zombies map ! Now , if I could only buy it . . . . 
Fucking LOOOOVE ! 
My dad is dead . I'm going to celebrate by going into Hartford , finding a prostitute , and tattooing his name onto one of her tits . Sieg heil ! 
There will be knives . 
I want to know everything , I want to be everywhere , I want to fuck everyone in the world , I want to do something that matters . Rarara , industrial , rebelrebel fightfight and all that . Fuck you you fucking fuck . 
The nuances of human communication are unknown to me . This is why I can't get laid . Sadface . 
Zzzzzzzzz ..... 
About three weeks until we return to the Reeducation Center . Still can't decide whether or not I'll finish the summer reading project . 
PENIS PENIS PENIS PENIS PENIS PENIS PENIS ! TWAT TWAT TWAT TWAT TWAT TWAT TWAT TWAT ! ( In other news , I'm off to kill Nazi zombies . ) 
My fathers obituary is shit . Why the fuck is he only being remembered for murdering people in ' < PROPFEMALE > and for having family members ? Why the shit do we even have obituaries ? They're only advertisements for cemeteries , you sick necrophiliac fucks . 
Dumbfuckistan is once more giving a big RAAAAGE over free health care . 
I saw two strip clubs and three advertisements for sex shops on the way to my fathers funeral . Oddly enough , both of the strip clubs had empty parking lots . Maybe the rain makes Americans hungry , instead of horny ? 
The Killer/Tegan(L)I love you , Angelita(L ) says ( 4:28 PM ): Equal rights = Totally for . And considering we have that , all OK . Women equal to men = Total bullshit . No one is equal to anyone . Der Riese says ( 4:29 PM ): Yeah . And I'm the . . . . Whatever is the best inw hatever measurement we're using to compare people . Cock size . 8D 
\Everyone's dying in 2009 except me . A damn shame . \"" 
Went to another family outing . I very much prefer my fathers side of the family . I have two siblings who I should have told you about when I first met them . Both are older than me . There's < PROPFEMALE > , who lives in Florida and wasn't present today , but I have met her , and there's < PROPMALE > , who lives in Colorado ( which I probably spelled wrong ) . I now know all of my siblings ! YAY ! Love you all . 
My schedule ( not in this order ): biology , English , modern global studies , family sociology , drawing , gym , personal finance , and one other subject that's slipping my mind . Or maybe that's all , and they're going to slip me a study hall . I'm too lazy to grab my REAL schedule , though . Anyone got similar classes ? 
Sexual identity and gender roles . GAH . Superficial Americans , concerned only with the size of their penises . And you wonder why I pander to the queer stereotype . Being a man is not dominating others , it is dominating yourself . 
I've got a middle finger for every bitch that's told me she cared but was lying . >:3 
My ability to pretend women have hurt me is rivaled only by my ability to eat shit . 
Just got my new iPod . WOOHOO ! 
The new headphones make music sound different . I just don't know what's different about it . Volume ? Meheh . 
Going for a milkshake tomorrow . :D ( Hopefully . ) 
Time to stop dicking around . I've been in a funk for too long . HMMM . . . . Wow , I just can't write . o_O 
Current favorite musicians , in order . < PROPFIRST > Townsend , < PROPFEMALE > Manson , Akira Yamaoka , < PROPMALE > Reznor 
Back home . Kind of tired . A final trip on the snuff circuit tomorrow . 
Unless I wish to get overly technical , it seems we either need to replace the computer or replace the motherboard . Fuck , this is going to take forever . 
I have a strange urge to ask everyone if they prefer tits or ass . I KNOW how to fix this- ice cubes ! In my pants ! 
Thanks for yesterday . I couldn't imagine better friends . 
Whores . :D 
With that dreadful 4-year phase of my life now hopefully behind me , I need a new identity . 
Noooooo , not homework ! 
Considering dropping this English assignment . I'm simply never going to finish it , and I'll never get to the rest of my homework if I keep pressing on like a dumbass . 
Guess whose printer isn't wishing to cooperate , and so just spent the last 3 hours on a now-useless homework assignment ? FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCK ! 
Library tomorrow ? Pl0x ? 
What a hypocrite I am . I have NOOOOO life . And why aren't I writing ? Stop procrastinating , Fuckface ! 
Spent the last few hours with friends . We had a lot of sex . Fuck , eat , kill , wash , rinse , repeat , etc . 
Guess who can't breath ? Hint : MEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE ~ ! I need to find some magic anti-allergy pill . Or weed , although I get the feeling smoke wouldn't be a good idea . . . . 
New PC tomorrow . Fuuuuuuck . . . . YES ! 
OMNOMNOM PC is set up . 
So , what games should I steal . . . .? 
\You need local administrator privileges to run Daemon Tools for the first time . \ " NO . " 
SILENT HILL 2 YOU MUST DOWNLOAD FASTEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEERRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Doesn't want to do homework . ): 
Of Mice and Men , motherfuckers . We are all leaving in Solidad . 
Windows Live > Facebook Chat 
Beauty in celluloid may easily be obscured by a fog machine or poor lighting , and thus I am written down as smudged ink . 
\Our HIStory\ " \ " Racism in Amerikkka was started by white people\ " Fucking far-left dipshit swine . " 
Donut the Chocolate Sheepcake ? Gah , your name is too long . I'm just calling you Strawberry Sheep Cake . 
\Damnation\ " is by far the best Opeth album . You must all listeeeeeeeeennnn ~!" 
Windows DVD Maker is maddening . 
Watching \Fight Club . \"" 
Doesn't wish to sleep . 
Very tired , very lonely , and I've got too much homework . Tonight's gonna be a drag . 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FuuRuL3HbHg Listen . :D 
Definitely free Thursday , which is a study hall day , so I can spend all the time facefucking you gaiz . :D 
Homework time . Yawn . 
Hanging with < PROPMALE > . Going for a milkshake soon . :D 
Considering downloading Audacity and creating some weird shit . Should I ? 
I . AM . FUGLY . RAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAWR . 
Watching anime . lol 
The original Silent Hill is on the PSN as a classic game . I leave you all to guess as to what I just spent $5.99 on . 
Tomorrow . The library ? 
Began several short stories today , completing two of them . One of them is the shortest I've ever written , at less than 100 words . They are all obscene . 
Is that pasta I smell ? 
What ? No pasta ? BLASPHEMY . 
District 9 ? No . Shaky camerawork ? Been done better . Modern scifi ? Been done better . Portraying racism without using humans ? Not original , been done fucking better . Modern Hollywood shit . 
Going to scream . 
80 ( B-) in Geometry 1 College , 60 ( D-) in Biology Honors . FUCK . FUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCK . FUUUUUUCK . 
AND WHAT THE FUCK ? NOW THE ITOUCH UPDATE ONLY COSTS $5 ? I BOUGHT A $15 GIFT CARD FOR NOTHING ? SOMEONE WILL DIE FOR THIS . 
After several failed attempts at trying to update my iTouch , it freezes . I reset it , and now it is useless . APPLE FIX YOUR FUCKING PRODUCTS . 
Got caught drawing swastika's and writing HEIL HITLER/88 in Drawing . Why do I do this shit ? For teh lulz . 
Can't remember my Geometry homework , and I didn't get yelled at . I went home for NOTHING . Also , busy tomorrow and Thursday . 
Alright , faggots , start suggesting bands for me to listen to . 
Just realized < PROPMALE > Leto is in 30 Seconds to Mars . Fail . 
\Triumph of the Will\ " you must download faaaaaasteeeeeeeerrrrr .... " 
D-d-d-drugs .... 
The $15 I had in my wallet in 5's disappeared , leaving me with a grand total of ..... $6 . 
Going to try solving the \Jack the Ripper\ " case soon . " 
The little green wheels are following . 
Too much homework for < PROPMALE > . 
< PROPFIRST > YOU MOTHERFUCK I STILL HAVE YOUR HEADPHONES 
Miserable . 
So coooooooooold . Brrrrr . 
Zombieland looks like win . 
A < PROPFEMALE > by any other name would be as horrid . 
Epic trolling ftw . 
You may refer to me as Narcissus , as beauty is the most important thing in the world . 
YES ! You are a product of my vitamins ! 
It's absurd to believe women are people . 
SPAMSPAMSPAMSPAM Speaking of which , I've got a feeling Spam(TM ) tastes like shit . People that have tried it , you tell me what it's like . 
I can make my puppets dance , but only in shocked knee-jerk reactions . I must be more subtle in my manipulations . 
Tried to eat a juicebox . Didn't work out too well . 
It unnerves me when video game characters have tits made of jelly . I don't mind appeals to the lowest common denominator , but can we at least keep it realistic ? 
Hope is emo ! 
We're not fantastic motherfuckers , but we play them on TV . 
Beginning to tire of my fascination with historical artists and fascists . I do believe it is time to create my own fascist regime . The Fourth Reich ? No , Amerikkka has already claimed that title . The Revival of Italy ? Too little-known these days . I should be the Weed Brigade , as it dims the mind , and there is nothing more fascist than stupidity . 
Wrote a short play for Health with < PROPMALE > Generous . I get to be the bitch in the relationship , but I die shortly after when I try to have sex with a donkey . I shit you not . 
Spamming friend requests . 
It always bothers me when beautiful people see themselves as anything else . M'anyways , I'll see many of you tomorrow ; I have some drugs that need doing . 
Have to write two of those cute scenes for Health , both on gonorrhea . I wish to infect the whole world , as I'm just that generous . 
Will begin typing and editing the drafts I have within the next few days . Those not already initiated into the < PROPFIRST > Writing Style are in for a dreadful surprise . 
Ants are in the sugar ? 
Open your third nostril like a good little peoploid . 
Swapping spit with a corpse . Leave a message after the moan . 
Can't seem to keep my head together , and there's no duct tape around . How can I be < PROPMALE > of the egg-heads if I'm Humpty Dumpty ? 
WEEEEEEEEEED 
Reading up on social darwinism so I may completely refute it . 
Social darwinism has a number of definitions , however , the most common refers to a belief in social evolution . Those that are “strong” or “fit” survive and reproduce , allowing their favorable traits to spread . Those that are not , are either killed by the government ( eugenics ) or gradually leave the < PROPFIRST > pool ( natural selection ) . 
Pissed off that Galbadia Hotel only streams , instead of allowing downloads . I fucking hate it when sites do this . 
Eating razors ? 
YES ! SHE IS MORE IMPORTANT TO ME THAN LIFE ! IN FACT , SHE HAS ALREADY KILLED ME VIA CASTRATION ! 
3.1.2 has been jailbroken . Blackra1n woot ! 
Figuring out Cydia . 
Tomorrow is .... A ? 
Some children died the other day . 
Q : Why didn't I jailbreak my iTouch before ? A : Because I'm a retard . 
Restoring my iTouch . Another jailbreaking bug .... Ohsigh . 
Making money , save my mind / Made up manic form you fake / FUCK YOU !!! 
Finishing some homework , unjailbreaking my iTouch ( too many bugs ) , and then going to bed . Good luck on the PSAT . 
You can kill yourself now , because you're dead in my mind . 
Macbeth essay , I will consume your SOOOOOOUUUUUUUUUUUUULLLLL ! 
Godsmack and Absu are great . 
Fight Club is Wikipedia's article of the day ! HAPPYFACE ! 
Falling ill again . Might not be in school tomorrow . 
I wanted to say something Artsy , but feel more compelled now to pander to the celluloid crowd . 
Now feel this come down on you / Here now alone with all who love her / You fucking pig ... now you die ! / I want to see you fucking dead / I want you for your body / I want you for your body / I want you for your body 
\She liked gardening . I remember that . \"" 
I'm not insane , I'm not insane / I'm just smarter than you ! 
you pretentious fucking losers / you've got nothing at all / you've got your fingers in your asshole / and your hand on the call / and you talk such fucking horseshit / that it's hard to believe / that you almost make careers out of being naive 
Videodrome : where television sets have orgasms and creepy vagina/VCR's develop in your chest . FUCK . YES . 
I can't surround myself with ugly people . 
Shit taco's , I'm never going to finish all of my homework . 
The insurance won't cover what I'm about to do to you . 
Just took more pix . Posting soon . 
All I want to be is the universe .... 
Tomorrow will be better . Modern global , English , theory , a study hall , early dismissal , and McDonald's . 
80/500 words done on my Macbeth essay . Got approximately 40 minutes left to finish it . WORK , BRAIN , WORK ! 
So , what do we have to do for the biology lab report ? 
TEAR DOWN THE WALL ! 
lulzing at all the college fair-related statuses . Who gives a shit ? Go to a public school with either a < PROPFEMALE > or scholarship , you dinks . Stop being picky and just chillax . 
ASUS , WHAT THE FUCK . YOU MAKE GOOD COMPUTERS . WHY THE FUCK DO YOU HAVE TO HIDE THE SERIAL NUMBER . 
ASUS . YOUR ORDER FORM . FUCKING . SUCKS . 
Just saw some of the shots from the murder scene of < PROPFEMALE > Tate . All I have to say : FUCK . 
Still have to rewrite my lab report . 
Not in a good mood . Watching snuff films . 
Need mind bleach for all the pretty things I've seen and heard today . 
Fuck it . There's no way I'll be able to finish that Ebola tale tonight . 
If you can read this , you have been chosen . 
Watching the original < PROPFEMALE > of the Dead . :3 
Boxxy is < PROPFEMALE > of the internetz ! 
still has homework to do . 
YES ! We'll go back to that dreadful time , pull up shit you don't want to think about ! Knives , two years , fuck , etc .! Show me your scars , show me your swastika , show me your soul ! Komm , susser < PROPMALE > ! 
Want sleep . Have to read Great Gatsby . Maybe tomorrow or later . Maybe . Or maybe I'll tell myself I will and stare at the wall for fuckings hours again . 
Slept for 12 fucking hours , still feel like shit . 
What ? We have to pay a $103 fine for swearing in school ? A PUBLIC , GOVERNMENT-RUN SCHOOL ? THAT'S FUCKING ILLEGAL , YOU SHIT-FACED , ARROGANT , CUNTWAD , DICKHEAD BITCHES ! Fuck your bullshit , < PROPFEMALE > ! 
The Nines : Great movie , or greatest movie ? And how on Earth did I think it sucked the first time I saw it ? 
Happy Saint Got-Murdered-For-Giving-Illegal-Marriages Day , everyone ! Keep going with your \I love and want to fuck you\ " bullshit ! " 
just can't keep his filthy hands off your piece of mind . 
is suffering a fate worse than reruns . 
Reading the original script to < PROPMALE>'s Ladder . It's godly . 
I crucified God . Pics will be up eventually . 
For once , I want school . Tomorrow , my plan is to wake up , leave the house and spend as much time as possible not being here . 
\You're all fucking squares ! \ " Fucking epic concert . " 
It has just occurred to me that I failed in creating a brighter profile pic . This will need to be rectified . 
Hanging with < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > . Laughing about a trippy kids book . 
Just tried to watch The Holy Mountain . Shit's too trippy for me . 
I need a job , a car , a girlfriend and a TV . Anyone know where I can purchase any of these Chinese-made goods ? 
Below are < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE>'s runs of the epic obstacle course , which were uploaded to Jewtube because Fecesbook fails at uploading video's . 
I <3 the Butterfly Children and the < PROPFEMALE > Tree . 
http://www.fictionpress.com/s/2803953/1/ New short story . 
http://www.fictionpress.com/s/2729235/4/ New story . 
is watching sex drip from the ceiling . 
And I almost love you the way I hate myself : With a fist ' round a tube of flesh , squeezing the life out ! 
is going on a hunger strike for the next five minutes . Turns out The Creator is a consumer ! 
Spent the last five minutes listening to my grandmother lie about how , if my cousin waves , her dead mother will see it and wave back . Isn't that adorable ? It's just like fucking < PROPFEMALE > Claus ! And now she's howling , \HI MOMMY ! \ " F\ " M\ " L " 
I saw \Slaughterhouse Five\ " last night . My only complaint was that it took a slightly more linear approach that Vonnegut's novel did . " 
Spent the day being told that I can't sleep all day . ): 
OMGOMGOMGOMG NEW BOMB RECORD SOON <3 
has a rat named < PROPFEMALE > . <3 
Finally has a somewhat respectable cage for < PROPFEMALE > . 
Just spent ~ 20 minutes letting < PROPFEMALE > run around on my hands and arms . About 5 minutes were devoted to me walking like a hunchback because I let her crawl onto my shoulders and then my back . This is more fun that it sounds . 
\I'M NOT CRAZY ! I'LL KILL ANYONE WHO SAYS I AM ! \"" 
Waking up at 2 . Yeeeea . Owait , I have to be up at 7 in two days ? FUUUUUUUU 
Oh , and Domino's buffalo chicken pizza is fucking awesome . 
Picked a passage to write the essay for ( finally ) . Now I just need to begin . 
OMIGOD . Two whole sentences in 20 minutes of work . I am so fucking talented . 
Seriously , there is NOTHING to say about this book . I can't stretch this out for 2-3 pages without analyzing an entire chapter . There's a few entertaining puns , innuendo's and metaphors . That's about it . Anyone who claims otherwise is an ass-pulling moron . 
Well , I tried taking this fucking essay seriously , but I broke . The second half is a rant about how terrible this book is for any reason other than entertainment . 
lol \You need to learn self control . \ " \ " YOU KNOW I CAN'T!\ " I guess this excuses attempted homicide . " 
Hair = cut . Look like a bald creeper . ily scissors 
Ayo you hear bout the senior class picsha ? 
Sister attempted to stab me again . Said I would hurt her if she tried ; she threatened suicide . Tired of this . Calling cops when phone free , my grandmother is a coward . If can't by 1 , walking to station . 
Tried a McRib . It is edible . 
Just took a long walk . Saw beaver dams and winterberries . Proceeded to smash ice w/ stick . 
Learning C++ . 
Decided to name my penis Attaturk . 
Returning home tomorrow . I will miss the peace of rural Vermont . 
BOXXY <3 
Got a copy of Silent Hill 2 and found a 75-cent vending machine . Life is good . Going to see the plays in an hour . 
Plays were good . First one made me think of a less pessimistic \No Exit \"." 
Caught my sister kissing her latest boyfriend . Probably would have been fucking had I not been there . She's a whore who's too stupid to ask for money . 
I really want to see \Black Swan\ " . D: " 
I have never had a sense of purpose . My decline is not the dejection of irrelevance . It is the absence of the rage that used to sustain my lifestyle that is the root of my dysfunction . The obvious solution is to debate Creationists . 
Didn't write any of the essays for the practice exam because they made me rage . Funny I can never get MAAAAAD over important shit anymore . 
More evidence my sister is a skank ? Tri-Sprintec . 
Spent the day attempting to sleep . Failed . You'd think I'd be used to it by now . 
Spent the last 3 hours scavenging memories . Figuring out what to do with them . 
Word on the street is you're emaciated . 
Visited my mother . Was fun . 
A girl invited me to prom . She also invited the rest of class , and is a married teacher . Fmfl 
Went another day without planning my suicide . Like a boss . 
Almost self-mutilated . My night crashes were previously \almost an hero\ " . Small victories . " 
New personal record . Passing two classes . 
After today , I can only say that Mrs. Chalmers is the coolest teacher I've ever met . 
Got some threads fer prom . Lookin spiffy . 
What's that ? My GPA is 62 ? Fuck yeah . 
Only failing one important class right now . US History , with a 37 . Dudack will be my arch-nemesis for the rest of the year . 
My mind is falling into the gutter again . I want nothing more than to stub my toe over and over again for the next million years . No sleep for me tonight , only shame . 
Precious , precocious love interests galore . Shame overcome . Eating a Subway sammich . Life is good . 
Going for a run , gonna see how atrophied I have become . 
So my sister busts in and starts bitching about her getting notifications . I should have told her to shut the fuck up and stop yelling at me , or at least hit her . 
Figuring out which college is best for my educational needs , aka where the best frat parties are in CT . 
Definitely sick , sore cocksucker an ' everything . 
It looks like my closing GPA for third quarter is a 67.6 . Cool story , bro . 
I'd love to love you , but I fucking hate fucking . 
Human Centipede . < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > did this . Help me . 
Take control and keep it , don't let go 
Kindle = fucking awesome 
A wise old man once told me love is about giving , not taking . I quickly agreed , but our conversation had previously been about sex , and now I have to wonder what he meant . Damn old people , being wise beyond my years . 
Alright chill , for serious status update time . Vacation is half over and haven't gotten through a bit of my homework . Sick and tired of being sick and tired . Biwinnning . Want to fuck a kitten . Trying to write something , anything , for a psychology essay . Will accomplish something by midnight , fucking promise . 
I'll take anything , and I'll take anyone , I'll take an angry lesbian with a loaded gun , and I'll take a whore with syphilis and gonorrhea too , but darling I love you . 
Watched Inception instead of The Human Centipede . Much better . 
FUCK IT'S ALREADY ELEVEN JESUS CHRIST 25 HOURS LEFT FOR ALL THIS HOMEWORK OMIGOD I'M GONNA DIE MAN THEY'RE FUCKING COMING FOR ME MAN SHIT SHIT SHIT 
This project = hell . Having to talk about myself in a school-appropriate fashion and restating course material . Want to punch something . 
About to pass out . Three days of barely sleeping . It's like middle school all over again . Yay . Still have to finish that psych project . 
This status is just a heads-up to let you know that an arbitrary collection of athletes got a victory over another arbitrary collection of athletes . You can celebrate by drinking , or drink away your sorrow , now . 
Just finished my Psychology project . LIKE A FUCKING BOSS ! 
WHY THE FUCK ISN'T IT MONDAY YET . I HAVE NOTHING TO DO HERE . 
Tranquil day , all things considered . Need different allergy med . 
Mission accomplished ! 
We have to take exams ? Normal shit ? RAAAAEG 
All I can think about right now is new and wonderful ways to be erased . Probably not a good thing . Trying to think happy thoughts or sleep . 
I don't have reading comprehension or understanding of basic computer usage because I'm a tyrranical fucktard reactionary ! 
