Wish I was playing softball tonight ... 

cour·age [ kúr ij ] noun Definition : quality of being brave : the ability to face danger , difficulty , uncertainty , or pain without being overcome by fear or being deflected from a chosen course of action 
Had an amazingly spectacular day today !!! :-D 
Got to hear TFK sing \Welcome to the Masquerade\ " for the first time live EVER !! It was SWEEEEEEEET !!!! " 
Really ? 
requests a d o-o ver please ... 
Nothing worth anything is EVER easy ! 
Do I hear the angels singing ?!?!?! HAAAAAALLELUJAH !!! 
Enjoying a bbq roast beef samwich since i'm still pumped after youth tonight ! 
urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status , and put the first entry for your name under comments 
loves the new fb ! 
Oh the possibilities ... :) 
Thankful for friends who speak the Truth into my life !! :) 
I got a feelin ... that tonight's gonna be a good night ...!!! 
It was a good night !! Will there be another ?! Hmmmm ... maybe ... 
So excited !! I got blessed with a computer today !!! Thank you , Jesus !! :D 
Where are you taking me ? 
Wherever we're going ... I KNOW it's gonna be AMAZING !!! 
Dreaming ... oh the possibilities !!!!! 
Life is a journey . Everything in it is a process . It has a beginning , a middle and an end . All aspects of life are always developing . Life is motion . Without movement , advancement and progression , there is no life . Once a thing has ceased to progress , it is dead -- Joyce Meyer 
Sometimes we think we need a miracle in our situation when what we truly need is a miracle of revelation that will change our attitude and alter our approach to life -- Joyce Meyer 
Was woken up today by my favorite two year old neice :) It was a GREAT way to start the day ! :) 
Wish'n I was at the fair ... 
I don't live my life to gain approval from people ! I live my life for a GREATER purpose and to reach the goals and dreams set before me ! 
Thank you thank you thank you everyone for all the birthday wishes ! I did have a great day and am expecting great things for this year !!!! 
When iron sharpens iron sometimes sparks fly but the end result is beautiful ! 
