thinks it's time to blow this scene . Get everybody and the stuff together . Ok , three , two , one let's jam ! HAPPY JEW YEAR EVRYONES ! 

thinks it's time to blow this scene . Get everybody and the stuff together . Ok , three , two , one let's jam ! 
is back from Bonnaroo !!! 
is on facebook . finally . 
finally deleted his myspace account after over a year of inactivity . next up , faceboook !!! 
I'VE GOT BLISTAS ON ME FINGAS !!! 
is SSOOOO BOREED WITH LIFE . why can't the semester start already !? 
' s sick . bleeh 
abides 
is taking a study break to go play guitar on the roof of his apt . Great idea , < PROPFIRST > 
is goin to bed , finally . meteor showers make life better . 
got kicked off his roof today by some dude in a golf cart . who was I hurting other than , potentially , myself ? 
needs an ipod touch 
finally found a rap song that he likes . thanks < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > <3 . 
' s joining < PROPMALE > Gore in the fight to stop manbearpig . i'm super cereal . EXCELSIOR !!!! 
' s biological clock no longer strikes 4:20 
went $60 over utilities . thats $677.82 for rent this month .... how can you make that much money tossing salads at minimum wage ? I CALL SHENANIGANS ! 
' s only a teenager for 14 more days :'( 
bleeehhhh 
can sleep when he's dead 
saw < PROPMALE > miller tonight and it was FUUUCKING AWESOME !!!!!!!!!!! 
doesn't care what it says on paper , he's gonna be a teenager for the rest of his life . 
doesnt get why morbidly obese people get handicapped stickers . if anything they should have to park in the back of the lot so they have to take their fatass for a walk . 
is gonna have a happy birthday ! and thank you all for the happy birthday wishes ! LET's GET SSSHHHWWWAAASSTTEED !!!! 
thank's everyone for their bday wishes . it was so intense it took me 3 days just to get back on facebook . THANKS EVERYONE ! 
hates rearranging his busy schedule for no reason . At least i get another hour of sleep . 
thinks it's time for a little saxophone therapy 
' s getting pretty old 
spent 12 hours in a dreamland last night where everything was as it should be . I hate waking up . 
needs one of his techno savvy friends to help him with his ipod troubles 
thinks it's time to blow this scene . Get everybody and the stuff together . Ok , three , two , one let's jam ! In Boca , the city i should have never left . apparently . 
went A-Wall for a night and had an amazing night ! =) 
The new family guy movie was SSOOOO funny 
' s creative juices are flowing . time for some sax 
\Let's get more stoned than a Saudi Arabian woman who leaves the house without a male escort \"" 
made it two days . time for a goodnight sleep 
is excited for bowling tonight and disappointed you're not there ! 
learned today that the need to use the restroom increases tenfold during physical activity . maybe if he went for a run ON campus instead of TO campus he wouldn't have had to desecrate that poor homeless man's box . it's ok , i gave him a dollar for his troubles . 
thinks it's time i blow this scene . get everybody and my stuff together . ok , three , two , one , LET'S JAM !!! 
$1 bowling tonight 9:30 at boardwalk bowl 
is hoping his first goodnight sleep of the week will cure his depression . sweet dreams , here I come 
can sleep when he's dead . Time to write a literacy narrative . 
3:30 am and im burning the candle at both ends ..... < PROPFEMALE > vu , this is a bad trend .... 
apologizes to < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Hoon . That concert's gonna have to wait . 
is so glad he rewarded himself during the few hours of free time he had this week at an awesome party he wasnt invited too . Happy birthday < PROPFIRST > , I had an amazing night ! 
can't wait for Bonnaroo 2010 !! 
can't believe those NASsholes . i waited all night in the cold and wet mud just so they can scrub the mission because of clouds ? We really should outsource this to < PROPFEMALE > .... 
is gonna see this shuttle launch if it kills him . 
need's somebody to love . 
needs somebody to love . not need's . whoops . 
thinks < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > is the best american history teacher hes ever had . 
used to think all you need is love . now he knows all you need is money 
you may think im crazy for not sleeping , but who gets to enjoy the sunrise every morning ? 
is having one of those nights . fml 
' s cell phone officially broke , just like his keychain . the perfect end to the worst night of the year 
is cleaning house . in every sense of the phrase 
can't wait for this week to be over . in fact he cant wait for this life to be over . he needs to be held 
is the only person jynxed enough to get a sunburn in the freezing cold . thats what i get for petitioning all day 
played a show so awesome tonight that everyone skipped foreward in time exactly one hour . it was massive 
I think it's time i blow this scene . get everybody and my stuff together . ok , three , two , one , LET'S JAM !!! 
FUCK CANCER IN THE ASS ! 
needs a nintendo wii and redsteel 2 ASAP !!! 
' s taking his mind off his many troubles with an all new southpark . Maybe seeing them kill < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > will brighten my mood 
bleeeeehhhhh 
just turned on the news to find Nany Grace believes polygraphs and hypnotists are credible ways to get evidence . Im losing my faith in humanity . 
Zombieland ! 
had an amazing passover seder last night . ???? ??? ???? ????? ??? 
fell off the Face of the book . Who are we kidding , I jumped . Don't get too sucked in everybody ! 
' s a sad panda 
when youre single again , you remember how valuable body pilows are . 
SAVED THE DAY ..... for a suburban family living in waterford lakes . well , it's not superman quality , but it's a start . 
thinks everyone should come out to support him at pulse tonight ! 
is singing at pulse tonight . come cheer me on ! 
broke his phone . new one on friday ! 
doodily doo , ding < PROPFIRST > doodily doodily doo 
what cures heartache ? 
got his new phone ! if you have my number , text me your name ! 
Got a new phone ! Text me your name ! 
wishes he was a dog 
AAAHHH REAL MONSTERS ! 
finally going to spin fire tonight . ssoooo excited !! 
Loves dragging his ass out of bed to go to work in the morning just to remember he switched shifts and doesnt really start until 4 . oh well , at least it woke me up . 
smells the kerosene , and it smells go o-o od ! 
loves having zombie nightmares . it's like my life is a B movie . 
malkovich , malkovich ? Malkovich malkovich MALKOVICH ! 
is it facebook appropriate to call someone a nazi ? 
used to spend nights like this chopping up half naked co-eds with a machete in the abandoned summer camp out in the woods . but tonight , he's just gonna party . Happy Friday the 13th everyone =D 
is there anyone in < PROPMALE > who thinks they can give me even the smallest challenge in a game of tennis ? anyone !? i can't be this good 
remembered how awesome it was in elementary school when the teacher let us rub shaving cream all over our desks to clean them 
love is a drug , and i need to score 
Gave the denizens of boca some great sax last night . Everyone in south Florida should come to my next show at deefield pier on Saturday ! Jamming out at Big Kahuna's kava bar at 10 ! 
Happy birthday Jesus ! 
Thanks everyone for all the birthday wishes !!! you guys are awesome !! 
re-invented himself once again . 
feels good deleting homophobic relatives from facebook . Let them waste away in the sea of ignorance that is the redneck lifestyle 
\Don't judge a man until you've walked two moons in his moccasins . \ " 2nd Best fortune cookie ever ! " 
left his phone behind today . Sorry , ladies , I wont be available till tomorrow night 
< PROPFIRST > ZAMPARELLO IS A LOSER . I want to make it clear that I hate twilight , and i lost respect for all of my friends who liked that status she put up . Do you know what kind of people have sex with vampires ? vampires are dead . that makes them necrophiliacs , and thats disgusting . 
is straight up ninja . 
loves how winter is a season to rekindle his relationship with the heat setting on his hair dryer . 
hopes you all get lost in the dismal haze that is christmas shopping . I bet if Jesus came back and found out you celebrate his birthday by buying other people gifts , he'd be one pissed off heeb . 
time to toss the day's salad ! 
Is in So < PROPFEMALE > for the weekend ! HAPPY EARLY BIRTHDAY JESUS !!! 
last day in boca ! 
is glad to be back in the hellish monotomy of < PROPMALE > , really . time to lay my aching head to rest before another day packed full of tedious bullshit ... someone bring me a shot , please . 
wishes he could hop in a time machine and travel to the distant future where he's lead a full and happy life so he can just die already . 
Today is the 166th birthday of the publication of < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Poe's the < PROPFEMALE > . Goth kids everywhere should rejoyce . 
Want's to see Black Swan . everyone says it's awesome . 
Wants to play volleyball ! 
Time to suck the day's < PROPMALE > ! 
saw a midget smoking a cigarette on campus . Doesn't she know those things stunt your growth ? 
can run twice as far with half the damage now that he's got these awesome 5-finger running shoes . Vibram , im your biggest fan ! 
is not your friend , so why are you reading his status ? hmmm .... 
just got a 100% on an exam after less than 5 minutes of studying ..... I thought statistics were supposed to be challenging .... 
didn't know his notebook was inadvertently soaked in kerosene , but his classmates now think he's some sort of crazy pyromaniac . 
Bonnarooo000OOOO0000oooo !!!! 
is in such a Grey mood . good thing I love that color . 
finally starting to feel the fatigue after almost 2 months of daily running . 
When you feel your life ain't worth living \ 
you've got to stand up and\ 
take a look around you then a look way up to the sky . \ 
And when your deepest thoughts are broken , \ 
keep on dreaming boy , cause when you stop dreamin ' it's time to die 
Only an antisocial psychologist would run an Independent-sample T-test . 
is silently judging you when you present in Spanish class ..... 
No rehearsal ?! No work tomorrow morning !? No responsibilities for a good 24 hour chunk of my life !? Is this that \weekend\ " thing everyone's always working for !? I'm not gonna jynx it by asking questions . I'm just gonna go get drunk and spin fire . Happy weekend everyone ! " 
self-medication is the best medication =] 
Lost five more pounds !!! 
YAY PILATES !!! 
they say when you pet a dog it helps increase serotonin levels in your brain . I wonder what happens when you fall asleep using a Welsh Corgi as a pillow . Sweet dreams , here i come ! 
Hello , Boca ! oh how I almost missed you . 
running , running lines , perception hw , BEACH !!! 
' s just oozing with filial piety . 
watching Get him to the Greek with mom . How many times does this fat kid throw up in this movie ? ive lost count 
needs more music . anyone have suggestions ? 
can't sleep when there's such good music in the air . 
So make your siren's call\ 
And sing all you want\ 
I will not hear what you have to say\ 
\ 
Cause I need freedom now\ 
And I need to know how\ 
To live my life as it's meant to be 
nothing like a Yuengling to help analyze T-tests and ANOVA tables . I can only interpret statistical data while tipsy . 
spent 16 hours on campus today , running off of beer and diet pills , and now the real fun begins ! 
I didnt get to see a midget dressed as a leprechaun today . how sad :'( 
unpoopared - adj . not being quite prepared for buttsex . etymology : < PROPFIRST > Zamparello 
BREAKTHROUGH - TAKE 2 !!!! everyone come see the big gay play I'm in !!!! 
can officially run 2 < PROPMALE > in 13 minutes , albeit the last two took a little longer to complete . goddamn chinese food ! 
so happy i got some lift-weighting done before my run today . and now , BREAKTHROUGH - take 3 ! 
ADDERALL and caffeine before a run was not the most prudent decision of my day . Next time ill go back to cigarettes and chocolate milk 
