it's a beautiful morning here in SB ... must get out and do something . Tommorrow hubby and me are going to the zoo ! 

forgot how wearing Wii’ing was ... worn out ! 
did housecleaning yesterday ... today , relax this morning then off to the pool ! 
What a beautiful morning ... the < PROPFEMALE > layer is thinning out and the sun is shining over SB . 
Trying to stay awake . Don't know why .... guess I'll go to bed . 
The < PROPFEMALE > layer is finally burning away . Time to head for the pool ! 
will be grillin ' chicken kabobs for dinner and making blueberry crisp for dessert ! Holidays are a great excuse to eat ! Happy 4th to y'all! 
has been enjoying this beautiful , sun-filled day , but housework is calling me ... 
7 1/2 days until a well needed vacation ... 
blah .... 
... there's no place like home ... there's no place like home ... there's no place ... 
will be vacationing in 1 day , 15 hrs ! Going back east for a mini-family reunion with hubby's family ! Ocean City , NJ ! We do this every year and I'm sooo looking forward to it ! 
is lovin ' being on vacation ! 
Heading back to the in-laws after a week at the Jersey shore ! Get to catch a flight home @ 6am tomorrow ... yeah ... 
I need a shield to < PROPMALE > off negative people and their verbal thrashings ! 
TGITW ( weekend) !!! Homework and housecleaning ... < PROPFEMALE > ha ! 
trying to get a hand on this homework , but they eyes don't want to stay open . Do I force them or just take a nap ?!? 
Overcast day , suppose to rain over the next couple of days . Good day for watching football and baseball and nap the afternoon away ! 
This weather is just too erratic ! Rain for the past few days , then < PROPFEMALE > and 75 degrees today ! 
Having a relaxing morning , looking out the back slider across beautiful < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , up to the hils between us and < PROPFEMALE > Ynez . The rain earlier this week cleaned it all . Such a gorgeous morning ! 
At home today ... feel like I've been beaten in my sleep . 
What a busy day . So glad to be home and relaxing ! 
Watching the Phillies/Dodgers game . It's the top of the 4th , and it looks like it'll be a high scoring game . 
Can anyone remind me how to tag people , like my son , to show as family ? 
Here's to another day in paradise ... clear day , blue skys and not too hot . 
It's been < PROPFEMALE > here over the past few days and it really $uck$ ! Just love the migraine that comes with it ! 
THiF ! I couldn't wait for this week to end . Bring on the weekend ! Who's dressing up and what'll you be ? 
What are you thankful for ? A friend of mine has suggested that everyone post one thing they are thankful for , each day between now and Thanksgiving . No repeats ... Will you run out of things ? Post it today ! I am thankful for my Husband , < PROPFIRST > . I simply do not know where I would be in life without him . 
is thankful for having a job at a place with wonderful , caring people in a beautifully kept grounds . 
is thankful for her wonderful daughter , < PROPFEMALE > . Although life may have started out rough between us and we still have our days , I can only hope that our relationship will only become better and better as the days go by . 
is thankful for her son , who has more potential than he realizes . 
I'm thankful for my parents . I am who I am today mostly because of their guidance as an adult . 
I'm so thankful for friends . Those around me , at work , those online , and those I hold in my heart . 
is thankful for the special people that are helping make today a great for my hubby ! It's his 45th Birthday today !!! 
is thankful for the reliable weather in < PROPFEMALE > Barbara ... Sunshine , partly cloudy , upper 60's to low 70's . Love it ! 
is thankful for grocery stores that stay open late ... there is so much I still have to get for Thursday ! 
is thankful for the gorgeous sunrise I was able to be up for this morning . Just beautiful . 
finally is thanful that this day has been set aside for all of us to take the time to really think about what and who we are thankful for . Happy Thanksgiving to all !!! 
Hope everyone had a wonderful Thanksgiving ! 
great way to end the long weekend ... grandson's 3rd birthday this morning and have turkey stew going in the crock pot for tonight ! 
having a bachelor dinner with a feminine touch ... canned beef and dumpling soup with a handful of frozen veggies thrown in ! It got rid of the chills , so I'm nice and toasty now ! 
shopped the stores the old fashioned way yesterday . Just can't do much of that any more . Got just as much shopping done this morning online in less than 2 hrs ! 
does not like the cold or the damp . Especially when it's cold and damp . 
Ok ... it was 2 degrees warmer when I got home , than it was when I left this morning ... and it's raining ! I think I need shopping therapy .. 
I think I'm pretty much done with my christmas shopping ... now on to the wrapping . This could take a few days ! 
Got my tree !!! It smells so good ... 
baking ' jam jewels ' and chocolate chip/pecan cookies , then wrapping , then trimming the tree today . Or at will attempt to accomplish it all today ! 
for the first time , hubby helped me wrap everyone elses presents ! I'm so happy !! Of course , this is the first time I've asked ... amazing how that works . 
hopes all had a wonderful day with friends and family . 
got to catch up with the sisters , mom and dad yesterday in < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > . All is good . 
going to the movies later today to see Sherlock Holmes !! 
wishing everyone a wonderful New Year !!! 
Happy New Year , all ! Wishing everyone good health , happiness and great friendships in 2011 ! 
Drinking a wonderful brew-gift from my sister . The Orchard White from The Bruery is soooo tasty !! 
Spent the day with hubby . Took a mini-road trip and spent time at EATM ... it's a good day . 
aahhhh ... paid day off and no laundry to do ! Guess I'll clean the house instead and listen to the rain . 
\Doppelgänger Week\ " on Facebook . Change your profile pic to someone famous you've been told you resemble . And repost this ... never been compared to < PROPFEMALE > Kahn and I'm a redhead ... " 
Happy Sunday to all ! Sun's shining here in SB , although cool , with a bit of laziness ahead . On another note , I think I'll stay < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > for a little longer ... like the idea of being young and sexy again ! 
Nothing quite like looking forward to an upper endosope before coffee tomorrow morning . Hope you all have a better morning than I anticipate ! 
Must nap now ... can't keep eyes open any longer ... 
Looking forward to the weekend , even if I'll be working for a bit in the middle of it all . Next week I only work 3 days , then a full 3 day weekend to follow ! Sweet .... 
Nothing more lovely that a weekday off ... no stress ... no plans ... 11am and still in my ' jamas ... 
What a lovely Saturday morning after a bit of rain . It cleaned everything off and it's all green ... 
layin ' on the couch , nursing the cold I received from my husband . Not feelin ' like my usual happy go lucky self 
layin ' low this weekend , trying to get rid of this darn cold . 
Oh Monday ... what shall I do with you ? 
Nothing quite like getting off work , just to play around on the computer ... waiting for hubby to bring home dinner . 
met with a trainer this morning , did some shopping with the hubby , took a nap , moving on to indian food for dinner . What a lovely rainy Saturday . 
is cleaning house for the arrival of her husband's mother and her boyfriend . < PROPFIRST > did most of the < PROPMALE > stuff , so it's my turn to ' find a place to put that ' clean up . 
Thank you all for the wonderful birthday wishes ! 
The weather has been so nice lately ... I don't want it to end !! But now the winds are howling and I read that it's gonna rain over the next couple of days . Maybe it'll get warmer on the weekend ... ( ohIwishIwishIwish ) 
Whew ... so glad ' drop dead day ' is over , at least for another three months ! 
Wonderful Sunday afternoon ... lazy , cozy , sleepy , cuddly kind of day . 
Back from my nephew's wedding . Great time was had by all !! We're back at the hotel , in the Office Center , looking up the news for the day . Really ready for bed ! Tomorrow , long drive home . 
here's hoping that tomorrow begins a week with only normal , daily , routine stuff . I'm exhausted and drained from the last 7 days ' events ! 
Oh happy Sunday ... sun shining , cozy morning , warm afternoon by the pool , grillin ' steaks tonight . Just love it ! 
Hanging out with mom and dad , just outside of Phoenix . Great time of year to visit . It was 107 yesterday and again today so far . I love the dry heat !! Just need to keep moving or your sandles will melt onto the asphalt ! 
After a Saturday @ 107 and Sunday @ 110 , it's cloudy and only hit 97 today . I really do prefer the heat ! It's supposed to only be around 85 tomorrow here in AZ , and I'm going home to a high of 67 degrees !!! 
Trying 2 get home . Boarded one flight , but only one engine would work . They say its fixed and we'll get 2 re-board soon ... on the same plane ! Really hope it doesn't give out after we're all boarded again ! Wish me/us luck ! 
Made it home a couple of hours later than scheduled . Really tired . Took a 4 hr nap ! 
This is our last night in a hotel for at least a couple of months ... yeah ! 
Wondering where my parents are . I know , they're all grown up and stuff , but I think they're on a trip and Father's Day is coming up . Don't know where to send the card ! \ 
Anybody know ? 
is sick and tired of being sick and tired ... 
Off to the Solstice Parade in just a bit ! 
How nice it is to wake up on a saturday morning knowing you have three whole days off ! Yipee ! 
Happy 4th to everyone ! Enjoy it ... ugly day and all ! 
last day of the long weekend ... spent it well and topping it off with some relaxation and homemade Philly cheesesteaks made by my Philly hubby ! Yum ! 
Hanging out in Philly right now , at the in-law's place . Cars packed , ready to head out to Ocean City , NJ for the week . It's raining , but this should be the only day of rain all week ( crossing fingers ! ) 
It's a beachy day in Ocean City , NJ ! I just love this vacation !! 
Yesterday was overcast and yucky , so we went to a ceramic's store and painted pottery . \ 
Today we sat in the early sunshine then came in when it began to rain . Tonight is < PROPMALE > & Manco's for pizza , then boardwalk shopping ! 
It's our last beach day ... having problems uploading pictures , but will asapossible . 
Ok ... posted much earlier in the day that we were home , but it didn't post ... odd . \ 
Well , we're home ! 
Sooo happy to see Friday's work is more than half over . A couple more hours and a well earned weekend begins . < PROPFEMALE > la Fiesta ! 
Happy Fiesta weekend everyone !! 
Take a moment to appreciate your health ... you may not have the money you want or love of your life , but poor health gives you nothing and takes you nowhere . 
Heading to Riverside to meet up with an old friend . She's not old , we're old . been friends since high school days . \ 
Yeah 99 degrees , here we come !! 
Had a great time this weekend . So tired by the time we got home . Fell asleep at 6:30 ish and hubby had to wake me to go to bed ! Well worth it , though ! 
No , we're not too old to be crawlin ' State Street !! 
Spent the day cleaning the bedroom , ( k)nooks and crannies , too , quit at 4 . Relaxing on the deck , getting a little sun , waiting for the hubby to come home . He's gonna make me a cheesey dinner and we'll have little champagne , too ! \ 
He's so good to me ! 
it's pajamma Sunday ! 
well , maybe not pajamma day afterall . Got stuff to do , then off to Ventura to see Champange Sunday at the Villa ! 
beautiful , warm , < PROPFEMALE > day in < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > . Finally ... summer has arrived ! 
I knew it had to end sometime , but was not yet prepared for it , not ready for it to leave just yet ... oh sunshine & warmth , where did you go ?!? 
likes it on the kitchen table . 
another gloomy day in paradise . Oh sun ... will I see you today ? 
aahhhh ... the magical powers of FB ! The sun came out to play ! 
What a beautiful day . It's November and it's supposed to hit 90 today ! 
Back at mom & dad's for a couple of days , then on home . Hope my hubby doesn't miss me too much ! 
This is Private < PROPMALE > W . Lytle , taken 1958 in Fort < PROPMALE > , Kansas .... better known as my dad . 
Happy to be home again ! 
I'm going to Disneyland !!! 
hanging at < PROPMALE>'s , watching the guys play pool . 
Still have a few things to pick up , everything to wrap and have a tree to trim !! I feel so behind this year ! 
< PROPFIRST > & I are on our way to Burbank airport ... our first stop on our way to Philly to see his folks ! < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > tmas everyone !! 
Another Friday night @ Monty's ... watchin ' the guys playing pool . 
