Happy New Year , sooooooo sleepy ... hope everyone had a great night :) 

sitting here with stefoni :) 
is freezing ! 
:) 
is groovy , man ! 
:( :( :( :( :( 
is enjoying the rain . 
drove to < PROPFEMALE > and back , got home , fells asleep and woke up with a huge bruise on my leg ... ouch ! 
with my twin , hopefully going to cedar point tomorrow !! 
sfjsjfslakjfalsfjsjlsd , blah . 
i need some pizza and espresso !!! 
has been mega ill of her 18th birthday , not cool . i need some espresso or some snapple !! 
is a sleepy head that's craving some sparkling grape juice , yummmm . 
can't stop sneezing :( 
eating a very tasty , amazing , and completely fresh apple . 
2 hour bike rides kill ! 
has a nose bleed . 
watching a document on Nostradamus ... sort of creepy . 
had a glass jar dropped on her little toe :'( 
:( :( :( 
making strawberry milkshakes ! my flat feet hurt . 
cha cha cha ! 
what's on my mind : redbull and planners . 
grapes ! 
writing and watching the wedding crashers . 
floods suck :( 
can't wait to get out of this mess . 
stress and more stress . 
enjoying some nat geo and fresh kiwi , woo :) 
going to yoga , possibly eat some oatmeal ... then some more sleep ! i'm a sleepy little critter . 
head ache :( :( :( :( :'( 
going out for some good ol ' bowling . 
reading , freezing my nose and toes off !! in the process of heating water for some tea , unless i freeze to death first . 
with my twin !! 
what's on my mind ... < PROPFEMALE > , of course ! 
going for a run , i love autumn weather !! so nice ! 
I'd kill for a Nobel Peace Prize . 
wants to carve pumpkins but no one is home . 
bought a book on digital photography ! :) 
talks in her sleep like a fool . 
I like Halloween but I don't like < PROPFEMALE > corn ! 
going with my twinny ! :) 
f ; ldskfl ; kfg 
received my portfolio guidelines today ! ahhh nervs :) 
whatever . 
feels like chopping her hair off , weird . 
white tea with blueberry is amazing , so is this quote : “In times of great stress or adversity , it's always best to keep busy , to plow your anger and your energy into something positive . ” 
running :) 
“He who's not busy being born is busy dying” 
sipping some green tea , writing a paper , and life is getting there ... 
had a bloody lip , thanks to her evil parrot . 
doesn't understand , i'm so tired of this ... so done . 
watching the nanny . 
new < PROPFEMALE > tonight with my twinny <3 !!! 
NEW < PROPFEMALE > IS AMAZING !!!!! 
So tell me when you hear my heart stop , you’re the only who knows . 
going ice skating !! 
cleaning before aunt comes into town , thanksgiving tomorrow , and helping < PROPFEMALE > bake some cookies tonight ! and i'm exhausted today . 
happy thanksgiving !! :D 
waiting for family to get here ... so ready for bed . 
\time and all you gave ... \"" 
going out . 
christmas shopping almost done !! :) 
it's snowing !!! 
Sea and the rock below . Cocked to the undertow . Bones blood and teeth erode , with every crashing node . Wings wouldn't help you , wings wouldn't help you down . Down fills the ground , gravity's proud . 
going out tonight ! i can't believe the snow is sticking round !! so exciting ! :D 
got a new cell number :) :) :) :) 
hanging with my cuzzzy :) 
is falling asleepfdfdk ; lfdsf ZzzZzZzzzzz ... 
The things you put in your head , they will stay here forever . Our blood is cold and we're alone , but I'm alone with you . 
like a blizzard ... yum ! 
hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm (: 
warninggggg morningggg 
can't believe < PROPFEMALE > Snyder 
going to erie . 
movie and pizza night :) 
an owl lives my backyard . 
went outside with < PROPFEMALE > Snyder . Just had a nose bleed , but I'm okay ! 
unbelievably ill ... can barely move , breathe , or talk :'( 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas <3 
sleepyyyyyy 
going to mentor . 
is going to bed for 2 years ... maybe . 
sdk ; saldf ; aslf ; dlasflasfdlfllfl donedonedone . 
has cramps , horray ! thumbs up , so cool , yea yea , i'm so frickin ' excited ! 
has cwap on her head ... that's what < PROPFEMALE > Snyder said . 
is making some rice tea , hmmmmmm ... 
going back to bed for a bit . i must have the weirdest sleeping habits . 
i dunno why but my stomach is rebelling :( 
thinking about taking a trip outside to catch some of it's beauty . 
can't sleep . 
going out to see Daybreakers . 
is shooting with < PROPFEMALE > hearts <3 
just coloured stef's hair . i need some tea and maybe a nice blanket , my feetz are cold !! :) 
so irritated ... 
is cooking dinner . 
is chillin ' 
chillin ' wit no makeup on , and making ice slushies with stefix ! :) 
cleaning and chatting , then shower time , then movie time , THEN bowling ! woo woo !! 
jsdlkjsldjlsadj hmmm ... 
is accepted to Bournemouth , ahhhhh so stoked !!!! 
going into the Amish country ... 
can't wait to get out of this house . 
is going to get some breakfast at almost 1pm . 
I'm drooling wildly over < PROPFEMALE > White <3 
got off work , super tired . 
making some coffee , super tired ! 
going out to dinner :) 
poooooooop , going to < PROPMALE > tomorrow ! :) 
is thinking up a storm . 
bought some pretty sweet stuff today , excited ! 
going to work soon ... sigh . 
Samson came to my bed , told me that my hair was red . Told me I was beautiful and came into my bed . Oh , I cut his hair myself one night with a pair of dull scissors in the yellow light . And he told me that I'd done alright , and kissed me ' til the mornin ' light , the mornin ' light . 
is going to a birthday party tonight , yea !! :) 
is ill , owwwwwww 
is having chest pains ... being ill can never just be a simple day to relax on the couch , yea ? :'( 
has work @12 ... soooo not feeling it today . 
has work at 7am . 
back to taking my korean lessons , Gyu < PROPFIRST > Choi will be happy :) 
off work and such a tired little girl . 
In the darkness round the sun there's light behind your eyes . When you've lost the will to run you can feel it start to shine . When the rain falls down so hard and you don't know where to start , drowned in the sun . 
uhg ... 
hi my name is dirty pirate hooker , sometimes they call me < PROPFEMALE > . Hi , < PROPFIRST > Snyder !!!! 
has a good idea that everything is going to be just fine . 
is feeling better now , rather than later ;) 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
is jamming out to < PROPFEMALE > Jones tunes . 
going out to enjoy the little things in life . 
sitting with Ally Blumberg and waiting for < PROPFEMALE > Winters to get done blow drying her hair . ALSO , waiting for my baby gurl < PROPFEMALE > White to get her toosh here :) 
chatting with my baby < PROPFEMALE > White and getting ready for bed . Today = GOOD . 
home from a hard day of work , but i'ma be just fineeee :) 
leaving for the lodge tonight . 
soooooooooooooo tired that I can barely stand ... 
feels right and wrong , all at the same time . 
happy birthday stef ! you're an old fart , but i love you !! 
is getting ready to get her nails painted by her twinny poo , < PROPFEMALE > Rivera <33 
Thinking about summer now ... ah ! :) 
still thinking about how I can't wait for summer ... also thinking about taking a good ol ' run . 
believes the Dairy < PROPFEMALE > hates her :'( 
has done everything to be the better person . 
bought some summer clothes ... i know , i'm rushing spring away when it just started ! 
sitting with < PROPFEMALE > Rivera and < PROPFIRST > :) 
eww , i just realised i've been sitting here for over an hour after work with my McDonald's hat still on ... what am I doing ? hahaha 
going out for a run . 
enjoying some tea before i hit the sheets . 
ate some sushi for dinner , sipping some bubble tea .. this is the life :) 
is changed ! wahhhhhhhhh 
happy easter to all you lovelies !! :) 
ran into the kitchen cabinet door because of < PROPFEMALE > Snyder ... i better not have a bruise on my face tomorrow morning . 
wants something hot and a nice comfy blanket to crawl under :) 
just realised my hair is getting long ! wahhh ! 
gotz some wasabi almonds , and soooo happy to be off work ... 
off work early , that's the stuff !! :) 
I GOT THAT THANG THANG , IF YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN . IT GOES BANG BANG , YOU CAN'T HANDLE IT . 
got to feeling ill out of nowhere ... why and how did this happen ? wahhh 
sooooo over it . 
cleaning ze room , then going out to dinner later .. it's nice out too , plus ! 
my eye itches . 
my clothes smell like another human being ... and i have no idea who ... i don't like this . 
going to mentor with < PROPFEMALE > White , can't wait to get out !! 
is watching Bizarre Foods , can't get enough of that show . Work tomorrow , and for the next 5 days ... not cool . Anyways , great day with my girly < PROPFEMALE > White . Night !! :) 
my body hates me ... past two weeks i CANNOT SLEEP ! 
\ ?? ????? ????? ??? ??? ???? \"" 
going out for the night with the girlies <3 
trying to talk with Gyu < PROPFIRST > Choi ... I miss you , get online !! hehe 
jkdlaskd ; lksd hmmm ... 
Oh yeah ! that’s right , I’m doin’ me . 
wuvs da wain ousideee 
off to work soon ... and it is thundering after all !! 
going out probs ? :) 
happy ( almost ) birthday to < PROPFEMALE > White <33 
can't wait to see my girl < PROPFEMALE > ' Jelly ' Rivera :) <3 
home from work , shower time ! ~ 
Happy 23rd Birthday Taeyang ?!! ~ wish you all the happiness in the world . 
Aw , < PROPFIRST > is all huddled in the sun soaking the warmth up , cutest thing ever ! Anyways , I love < PROPFEMALE > ' Jelly ' Rivera <3 
< PROPMALE > Brown is my long lost best friend ! but Facebook helped fix the lost part . 
lovin ' some soy joy . 
is ready for today to be dead . 
going to see the doc . 
i wuv doctor choi , such a sweetheart . anyways , home now ... < PROPFIRST > cut my hand open . lunch then beach :) 
enjoying some aloe juice , gonna go running soon with < PROPFEMALE > Snyder . 
sdlkjasdklfjwaeklfjdsaklflsrsrjfklsdjfklsdflsdfklsdflkfkdsfkdlfk !!!!! 
is feeling < PROPFIRST > Mayer today . 
gotsa tummy acheeee T_T \ " , 201 0-0 5-31 21:45:57 " 
oh gosh , it's already june ?????? 
normally i wouldn't discriminate against bugs but i really dislike all ants , they can burn . 
just ran through a < PROPMALE > of terror ... i have the mosquito bites to prove it T_T \ " , 201 0-0 6-03 21:55:00 " 
gonna cut my hairrrrr ? 
lately i find feta cheese super interesting , but yummy ... it's so complex though , wah ! 
is having an allergic reaction ... ouch . anyways , time for yoga . 
I WANT AN ICE CREAM MAKERRRR , WAHHHHH JSKSAJSJ ; I WANT ONE NOW !! T_T \ " , 201 0-0 6-09 23:42:58 " 
going to work ! ahh , i need a nap later :) 
going , going , goneeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee .. wahhh ! i need some espresso . 
ouuuuch , worst head ache ever :'( 
why am i sooooooooooo cold !!! 
is thinking about whipping some breakfast up for < PROPFEMALE > Snyder and I ... but secretly , before she awakens ! 
what laptops do you guys recommend ?? 
you can never fully know one person , completely that is . 
tired !!! 
going to work soon ... soooooooooo going to enjoy the days to come : sleeping in ! 
it's so beautiful outdoors ! i have an urge to sleep outside tonight , hmmm . 
green tea ice cream for breakfast , yes ! 
gonna see my best fren , yeaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa ! 
going to be one dreadful week , bring it on ! 
never have you met my mind ! 
i can't feel my toes . 
working out , shower , store , and then sleepover with my gurl , < PROPFEMALE > ' Jelly ' Rivera !! <3 
with my < PROPFEMALE > ' Jelly ' Rivera , planning some pretty amazing stuff ... woo !! 
gonna go run my little butt off , it's nice out !! 
uhg , really ill at the moment :'( 
what's life without a pinky toenail ? 
work at 3 ... erie tomorrow . 
in < PROPMALE > for most of the day , visa app . 
time out . 
time out with my one love , < PROPFEMALE > ' Jelly ' Rivera . can't wait ! 
chillin ' at the perk ... working on my assignment , enjoying the taste of pumpkin spice . 
NOTHING gets past < PROPFIRST > Su !!!! 
do I hear thunder ? 
is partying it up big time with her < PROPFEMALE > White . snoooooooooooooze style ! 
dentist appointment in a bit , hope i don't pass out before then ... 
hmmmm , i'm definitely diggin ' my new dentist :) 
Tie dyed some shirts with the girls , can't wait to see how they come out !! 
erie ... fjkdjfhj ; uuuu 
I don't believe my mind has been this full before ... 
< PROPMALE > bennington = < PROPMALE > collins with gauges 
Okay , so my seafood allergy must have grown fonder for me ... I'm burning up , not in the good way . Oh , but it was so worth it ! Uhhhh . 
been on the go , my mouth still semi-tingles from anesthetic , and now ... finally time for tea !! 
Brrrr ... so cold . I really want to see Easy A , looks good . 
forgot how fun skating was :) 
jsdjksjdl i hope i'm there in time for fresher's week !!!! ahhh !! 
my head is spinning ... ow , this is not good . sinus infections are so stupid . 
How do I not have simple answers to my own work ... sometimes I don't get me , yaaaa know ! 
BOO ! Making some Halloween cupcakes . 
If all goes as planned could be leaving Saturday . 
< PROPFEMALE > ' Jelly ' Rivera is an immigrant too . 
Here we go ... 
Landed safely ! I'm in NC guys ! about to sip on some Starbucks until my next flight ... off to London tonight ! 
I cannot get over the beauty in this city , and I hope my first experience with the buses goes well ... we'll see ! Miss everyone back home , hope you all are well . 
Goodnight ! 
Sandcastles !? :) 
Today was beyond amazing ... I need to find the name of the place we went today . It took my breath away , and my legs ... haha no strength ! 
Robots ... I THINK YES ! 
Laundry is done , shopping is done ... time to make some soup then study time :) 
laser quest = awesome 
Aww , morning run along the beach ... simply amazing ! 
Lecture then developing some film . Today is going to be goooood , I hope . 
B&W film was a success ! Now hoping they look okay when we're done with them . 
Spanish green olives , ohh so good . 
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh ... 
Such a long day ! but B&W prints turned out to be awesome !! Really wish I had a scanner though . 
Miso soup always helps me to feel a wee better ! 
Good day ! 
Just realized I do have class tomorrow ... All these groups , confusing me here ! 
Brighton tomorrow ! Ahh , cannot wait for ze weekend though ! 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE>'s music still gives me shivers , ah how I love that man . < PROPFEMALE > ' Jelly ' Rivera knows the truth I speak of ! 
London baby ! ;) 
Home in Bournemouth ... such an amazing weekend , I'm missing London already ! Though tis nice to be home again . 
Coffee , then off to a beautiful day . 
Pumpkin spiced coffee , oh how I've missed you so ... 
This fake blood is delicious ... 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > and work , work , work for the next three hours . 
Fire alarms early in the morn , so not cool ... And now I'm craving Chipotle , hmmmmm . 
I hear crying and people being arrested outside ... Ouch . 
Rain , rain ... was quite refreshing . 
aii aiii aii ... thanks to my auntie for the tums . 
builders lit . outside my window ... was beyond awkward walking into my room just now . 
Brrrrrr ! 
keep on , keepin ' on 
Wow ... so my bank account in the US is completely frozen because nobody listens when you tell them ( multiple times ! ) that you're leaving the country . 
So glad that I can open my window again ! 
toasty ! :) 
So happy I can keep up with Gossip Girl over here ! :) 
Hmmm , I think I might make my own Christmas decorations . You know the ones you make when you're like 5yrs old . 
Waaaaaaaah 
Just got back from uni , uhh I am starved ! 
I think today was the hardest I've worked in all my life so far , feels great ! FOOD & WATER !!! and SLEEEEEEEEEP , please ! 
Sip , sip , sipping some coffee ... I can't wait to sleep again . 
Sketchbook time ! 
< PROPMALE > of snow ... Oh , England don't betray me now . 
s'gonna be a long but good day ... 
And the snow has arrived ! 
Ah so freezing !! The bright-side though , having a little shop and some < PROPMALE > mulled wine with < PROPFEMALE > Parnell . 
Snow ruins everything ... uhg . 
Had a wonderful early-Christmas dinner with Bourne Chambers ! Now , work to be done ... Last week of uni , AHH yay !!!!!!!! 
I definitely should not have slept until 2pm ... Oh well , I am having a lovely catch up with my beautiful sister < PROPFEMALE > ' Jelly ' Rivera <333 
This is why I stick to a bedtime , once I miss a few hours in a night it messes my whole entire body's schedule up !! Now I'm counting on yoga and some coffee to make the rest of my day move on . 
I haven't heard Miley < PROPMALE > since I've moved here ... Now I hear her outside my window playing in some club ? What ? 
I love wacthing all the Christmas classics !! :') 
smoooooooooooooth legz !! 
Yeeee ! 
would anyone in Bournemouth be interested in renting a house with me , Ari Darroch , and Estefania Aviles £300 pcm ?? 
Finally went grocery shopping , hehe !! 
bashful ! 
You're a mean one , Mister Grinch ! 
I wonder if I'm allowed to close the door to the laundry mat ... It's freezing cold !!!!!! 
I want some Dunkin ' Donuts ... That's not going to happen anytime soon ! 
Beautiful blue sky !! Definitely worth the past few days of like non-stop rain :) 
Ahh , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ... you make my day . 
Hmmm tteokbokki ! 
Sketchbook , oh we meet again ... Ahh well , in London tomorrow ! 
coffee l'amour , mhmm ! oh , and custom charges for receiving packages from home , not so cool . 
i wuv dictionaries . 
Fingers crossed ! 
jdksdlsakd ; laksdl !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! AHHHHhhhHHHHhh ... Okay . 
kdjsakldjk ! YES ! 
I don't like sorting through laundry ... < PROPFEMALE > Snyder , please come and fix this . Okay , thanks ! :) 
I had about four nightmares last night , all in a row , new record ! 
For STA Travel , do you need a special card to get student discounts on flights ? 
I strongly dislike how all of my sessions on my time table are always so spaced apart ... why ?! 
It's absolutely beautiful outside !!!!!! 
Can't sleep ! 
Preparing for Norway with Estefania Aviles !! :) 
Walking in a winter wonderland all over again ! :) 
kfekjdslfkd . 
So much editing work to do ... coffee time . 
Goodbye sleeping pattern ... nice knowing ya ! 
Watching Avatar with < PROPFEMALE > :) 
I took a tumble up a curb and scraped my knee open , all for a lousy banana !!!! 
I'm listening to Fall Out Boy ... I really must have gone back in time . 
About to watch some good ol ' Friends with my good ol ' friend < PROPFEMALE > Parnell . 
