Who else out there is a big brother ? 

Plugging along . Slow and steady . Staying ready . Having fun ; getting it all done . It's good to be alive son . ( solo from the bongos ) 
Halloween Party . 6585 Milk Farm Road , Dixon , CA 95620 . Corn Maze . Everyone is invited . Spread the word ! This is going to happen ! 
K97 G6 ! 
I have transcended into a new realm of geekdom . 
has had a really disappointing weekend . 
I apologize for any spam messages anyone might receive . I am not the one actually sending that stuff . 
Why must it be second semester already ? I have too much stuff that must be done before I leave . 
So this is what the outside world looks like . 
Is it okay , if I don't know what to think anymore ... at all ? 
\We're gonna starta revolution from my bed . ' Cause you said the brains I had went to my head . Step outside ' cause summertime's in bloom . Stand up beside the fireplace . Take that look from off your face . ' Cause you ain't never gonna burn my heart out . \"" 
Dude ... It feels so awesome to have K98 come home because it reminds me of my days at Applegate . K97 G6 ! 
Any suggestions for my doppelganger ? I've got nothing here . 
Just went old school and got some Oasis . 
If I could make music like < PROPMALE > Waits ... I'd be very happy with myself . 
You know what's the most awesome feeling ever ? Giving someone a hug when they need it and you know you made them smile . Yes . 
I was just wondering ... Who actually knows me ? 
Best way to get out of a crappy mood : Listening to some Clash . 
Just got back from retreat and it was awesome ! On a more depressing note , I just found out I was rejected from USC . Mixed feelings ... Retreat powers activate now ! 
It is only after letting my mind wander in a haze of tiredness that I realize so profoundly and honestly , yes I do in fact love my life . 
Even after all the chaos , after all the mess , it's the one thing that remains : love . 
For all men and women everywhere : if you stand for justice , we stand with you in our silent vigil . 
The deed has been done . I just registered for UC < PROPMALE > . And I couldn't be happier about it . College ! 
One of these two things is true : either I feed off the happiness of other people , or Kairos is able to produce contact highs . Either way , I am beyond happy right now . 
Keep the car running till we reach that place where no cars go . 
Because she told me to . 
Everyone comment on my changed relationship status . < PROPFEMALE > wants more attention . 
We get good judgment from experience . We get experience from bad judgment . \ 
\ 
Thank you , class of 2010 . 
I FINALLY HAVE A CAR ! 
Toy Story 3 was the completion of my childhood . It was made for me as I move on to college . 
Sanity seems insane when you face reality . 
For all people who may hear my voice , the Jesuit Class of 2010 Most Likely To's are in . Join our group , laugh , have fun , enjoy life . 
Well I was going to say nice things about you , Florida , but then you left me stuck at the airport . You and your damn weather . 
Like\ 
my last status then I'll tell you what I ... 1 . Like about you , 2 . \ 
Dislike about you , 3 . A confession I have about you , 4 . And my first \ 
impression of you . 
I now have another favorite movie . 
Two amazing CDs . I didn't think they could do it again . I'm ashamed to admit , I was skeptical about their new one . But truly , these people know what they're doing . Arcade Fire has got to be the greatest band ever . 
Just got a new computer ! Now i just need to download everything ... 
I love College ! 
Captain Pamstang reporting for duty . 
Decided to take the night off . Best idea ever . 
Giants World Series ! 
1st time at the World Series . 1st game of the 2010 World Series . 1st win ( by the Giants ) of the 2010 World Series . Plus being on national television . 
Philosophizing at one in the morning . That's the best . 
Let me get this straight - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is getting his 8th divorce ; < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > is possibly getting married for a 9th time ; < PROPFEMALE > Spears had a 55 hour marriage ; < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and Tiger Woods are screwing EVERYTHING ; yet the idea of same-sex marriage is going to destroy the institution of ... marriage ?? Really ? REALLY ??? Repost to your < PROPFEMALE > if you agree - PROUD to support equal rights for ALL !! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everybody ! 
Got my glasses back finally . Woot ! 
