has the day off to relax , then working my other day off at a different store tomorrow . 

is off to bed for the night . early day tomorrow , working in the evening , and dropping off my car at the shop for the week :-( 
... tired , but probably won't be able to sleep for a couple more hours :( 
is finished Craigslisting for the night . Another work day tomorrow ... 
should be off to bed soon , Wilmington for the day to do some more searching . 
... too dangerous to travel today , taking the time to do more research with my mom 
is picking up my car early because they realized they have to order an entirely new door . The door won't be in until the 29th :( 
is actually working on a Thursday ... must get some sort of sleep . 
is off to the lake tomorrow . anyone care to join ?! 
is off to the lake , txts are good !! 
is deciding what I should do with my night ... 
is off to < PROPMALE > World to get a yoga mat ... if they don't have one that I like , then off to Target !! texts are good 
is now off to the Teeter to pay a visit to the redbox , the cereal aisle , and Ms. Tripp ! 
... is finally off to bed . paying a visit at the Teeter got me 3 more hours added to the week ! 
is off to cookout for a milkshake :) 
off to bed soon ... possibly getting up early to go to Wilmington to look at a condo . 
is debating on whether to do anything tonight ... 
is off to see Transformers 2 in a little bit !! 
.. ok so as everyone has already said , Transformers 2 is AWESOME and you should definitely go see it in theaters !!! NOW 
... now her new car door won't be in until the 2nd . REALLY ?!? wth 
oi , tragic day in entertainment today ... RIP < PROPFEMALE > and MJ 
OK , so I'm definitely going to enjoy dressing down tomorrow at work ! 
had a good day at work and is enjoying the grilled chicken they cooked for us !! 
feels her blood sugar dropping , and moving around much isn't an option . Lame ... crashing soon . 
... so my horoscope says : \You may be able to make a significant difference in your love life through travel or a home move . \ " ... interesting ! " 
why is it < PROPFEMALE > freakin ' hot in this house !?! I can't sleep :-\\ 
is watching Ghostbusters 2 :-D !!!! 
is spending the day at the beach tomorrow !! 
off to the beach with < PROPFEMALE > for the day !!! oh what an amazingly beautiful day it is too ! 
relaxing for the night , then work 3-11 tomorrow :-\\ . Second July 4th weekend ruined in a row ... LAME !! 
had a long , terrible day ... another July 4th gone and ruined . 
just made brownies !!! tehee , a good way to end a not so good weekend ! 
one more day of work , then a whole day to relax and do research ... oi 
ahh yes , I get to relax tomorrow !! 
ok ... two important phone calls taken care of : car door STILL isn't in for first deer accident , and call for claim on second deer accident while waiting on door to come in taken care of ! Now , I can go about my daily business ... 
tomorrow : estimate on fixing second deer damage , new tires , visiting grandpa in the hospital , Durham Bulls game with my madre !! Eventful and enjoyable day ahead . 
had fun at the Durham Bulls game , now back to reality for four long days :-/ 
is actually going to sleep before sunrise !! 
is extremely tired , but doubts she will get to bed at a decent hour 
... one whole year . Let's make this day the start of a new beginning toward my goals in my future instead of my goal to being happy . 
is uber excited about tomorrow !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
is off to Wilmington for the day ! texts are good . 
... so much packing , so little time !!! 
is getting new tires in the wee morning hours , then probably working on sorting out all of the stuff I want to get rid of in my room and around the house ... all day long ! 
new tires , relatively clean car(no thanks to my gravel road ) , transcripts sent , signed lease sent , deposit for condo sent , now all there is left to do today is start packing !!... oi 
ok , so The Hangover was definitely funny ! Now for The Haunting In Connecticut , which I have been wanting to see since before it came out in theaters !! Then , Push . Movie night indeed before a hectic week ... ugh 
oi , now for the start of a very long week ... 6 shifts in 5 days ! 
is making chicken quesadillas and a caesar salad !! 
has a thirteen-ish hour day tomorrow at work . Should get some sleep soon , but I don't think it is going to happen :-\\ 
... two more shifts !! icing the knees after tonight , then back at it in less than nine hours ! 
is moving to Utah to become a polygamist and have donkeys for pets !! 
has one more day of work , then definitely taking Tuesday to start packing ! 
... ok , so 6th shift in 5 days tomorrow , then the packing begins !! must get some sort of sleep . 
has the hampsterdance song stuck in her head !!! 
would like to know why she is still awake !!! 
my car door is finally here !!! Taking my car to the shop , then home to start packing and such . 
... is finally packing ! 
... 18 boxes later , and I still have SO much stuff to sort through !! 
and < PROPFEMALE > Tripp are the shiznit . =D 
is going furniture shopping tomorrow !!! 
had a semi-unsuccessful shopping day ... BUT , I know now that no one sells any good furniture worth buying on my budget in stores anymore :-) 
has 3 days of work , then 2 days off to pack and such ! 
BAH ! So little time , so much to do !! 
actually might fall asleep soon !! 
has been up packing all night long . Now , to sleep for a little bit , then up early-ish to continue ! 
... and the packing continues !! 
feels like she's cleaning her room for the first time EVER with all this packing ! lol 
is enjoying a nice big steak and some corn on the cob on the deck with all my animals and my madre ! Nice night 
is 90% packed and 5 days away from living on my own :) 
gathering and chillin'! 
has a foot fetish 
had a very enjoyable last hoorah before I skip town !! 
is picking up her car !!! 
has one more day of work , then off to Wilmington Saturday morning ! 
is almost finished with transferring everything from my desktop to my laptop and making backup cds , so I can get rid of it !! I may get to sleep today , I may not :( 
is moving to Wilmington today ! 
is almost finished unpacking ! Still no bed , but hopefully that will change tomorrow . 
... oi , I may be sleeping on the floor for a while . Possible beach day tomorrow and more shopping around ! 
.. peanut butter jelly time !! and a free movie from the redbox . Oh what a night ! 
is so flippin bored ... I need entertainment !!!! 
is making spaghetti :-D 
is off to bed . No idea what she is going to do with herself when she wakes up , but she will definitely find something to do or buy to make herself amused in some way ! rain rain go away , so I can enjoy the friggin ' beach for a day ! 
... at least my car is staying clean . 
is definitely beachin ' it tomorrow ! :D 
definitely contemplating another beach day tomorrow afternoon , then off to CH for the night ! 
in Chapel Hill for the night !!! 
on the road again and the long haul home to Wilmington . 
has a definite beach day tomorrow ! 
is off to the beach , be back in a couple hours ! 
doesn't know what she wants to do with the rest of her night 
tuition : $817 ; books : $640 . Oh what an expensive morning I have had ! with more spending to do :-\\ 
is deciding what she wants to make for dinner . 
is off to the store to get her some chicken to cook up ! 
<-- damsel in distress ... LOL ;-) 
hmmm bed/mattress shopping tomorrow , basically because I'm tired of sleeping on a futon :-\\ 
is playing with her new tv :-) !! 
has her first day of classes tomorrow starting at 8am , then first day back at work from 4-10 ... must get some sleep !! 
has laundry day for sure , reading the entire 1st chapter for Business Law ( oh what fun ! ) , then relaxing at some point 
will be reading for the rest of the night , trying not to fall asleep with all of this freakin ' rain !!! 
wants to strangle one of her neighbors right now !! It's Sunday night , I have to be awake in 5 hours , and you're blaring your bass music underneath me . wth ?! I'd think in a nicer area these idiots would have more respect ... esp with elderly and a freakin-baby in the same building !... breathe 
is going to enjoy herself a nice afternoon nap :) 
has two later classes tomorrow , so I can sleep in until at least 9 ! 
can't find her stapler :( 
oh my lord ! I forgot how much it sucks to be a cashier and actually literally be busy for 5 hours straight . I ... can't ... feel .. my ... feet ! 
is making popcorn and studying ... even more !! It's going to be a long night . 
in the library about get her quizzin ' on ! ugh , this might take a while . study first for each chapter then take quiz online ... 3 total . 
has one more to take , then I'm out of here ... but this one's a long one . SO CLOSE 
is finished for now . off to the house for some relaxation , then more homework and studying . 
has had enough studying for one day !! But can't stop until I'm finished :-\\ plus gotta wake up in 6.5 hours . come on SATURDAY NIGHT ! 
is finished for the day !! all I have to do now is take a nice nap and work :D 
... it's off to work I go . work til 10 , then home to crash ! 
is off to go look at the waves , now that it has stopped raining 
oi . definitely a long day tomorrow ... bed soon . 
is off to work for the night ... yay ! :-\\ 
is in the library once again with a long night ahead of her . ohh accounting ... test tomorrow , must study nonstop . 
just spent 5 hours doing accounting hw in the library , sill have 4 ws's in English , and then an accounting test to study for . oh , what a wonderful day ! 
yay ! no more accounting until Monday . 
mmm oatmeal , banana , relaxing ! 
oh what to do , what to do ... 
nap time , doing some hw that's due by midnight , then out for the night ! 
had a good night , now off to work 2-10 ... ugh 
going camping ... 
enjoyed camping out at the beach , but got no sleep . definitely sleeping for as long as possible , then work at 2 . 
is very tired . picked up 2 more hours today , making it an unexpected 8 hour day . classes 8- 12:20 , then work 5-10 . 
has a test in business math tomorrow , then another class ... then I'm free to write my essay :-/ 
$939 gone , just ... like ... that . 
DMV line was way too long looks like tomorrow will be a better day ! work 4-10 , tacos and such at < PROPFIRST>'s , crash . THANKS FOR ALL OF THE BIRTHDAY WISHES EVERYONE !!!!!! 
once again thank you all for the Birthday Wishes !! ... quick shift at the teeter , then home to write my final draft of my essay and crash 
didn't have her 8 o'clock class , stayed at her 9 o'clock class for 15 minutes , and I'm on call so I may or may not have to work tonight !! 
is off to P-boro in the morning to celebrate my birthday with the fam and such . 
is off to P-town for the night , be back tomorrow afternoon ! 
is a little pissed off bc the $2 Sunday N&O she bought doesn't have ANY coupons in it ... I don't read the newspaper , I just want the coupons !! $2-down the drain . LAME 
watching The Soloist made me miss playing music 
POWERNAP !?! Yes , please :) 
sometimes feels like her horoscope is stalking her and reading her mind . It's freaky !!! 
has a test every day next week except for Friday :( In the library for a while working on Accounting homework , so that's one LESS thing I have to work on for Sunday . 
is finished with her accounting hw after 2 hours ... now home for English hw . ugh ! 
is finished with her freakin ' English homework for the night !! Woo hoo ! 
is off to work 5-9 , then who knows ?! 
has work from 2-10 :-\\ 
Accounting test went well , now studying for her Business Law test ... and later for her Business Math test . WOoO HOoO !! :-\\ 
another 100 on Business Math test !! In the library for a bit until my next class @1 to work on English homework . 
is finished with all of her tests for the week thank goodness ! Now doing an online quiz and writing a rough draft that is due for English tomorrow ... ugh 
... until next time , \free\ " internet is lame and doesn't exist anymore at home . FB will have to wait until I'm in the library again . * sigh * " 
OH FACEBOOK I HAVE MISSED YOU SO !!! 
has class until 2:15 , but will be back to work on a couple hours of accounting homework ! ugh 
hmmm , it's a purty day outside possibly going to take a bike ride before work and after homework !! 
aced another business math test , one more class , grocery store , much needed nap , then long assignment for English due tomorrow . Fun day indeed !.. and it feels like fall oustide YAY 
ha one more class for the day , then the weekend starts ... then , off to enjoy some lunch and biking for a bit because it's such a nice day ! 
sigh , hoping and not hoping I don't have to work tonight ... we shall see soon ! 
... and I'm not needed for work . WTH am I going to do with myself ?!? 
looks like another stay at home and watch tv night ... woo ! But first , off to target . 
sitting in the food court ... it smells so good . * sigh * 
it's way too cold in this mall to sit here any longer . Back home to relax and work on some English homework . 
... why do places have to keep the ac on when it's cold outside ?! one more class for the day , then home for the evening . 
ugh , horrible day so far ( minus the A I made on my first test of the four ) and it has only just begun !!! * sigh * 
... no more internet for the night . Home to study for my Business Law test in the morning and do my English homework . 
so , I dropped my phone in the toilet ... waiting for my new one to come . I can still send and receive texts/calls but the screen is upside down , mirrored , and funky colors . 
finally has a mattress . now , all I need is a bed :-/ but , no more futon !!! 
is uber hungry ! It's going to be a long night ... oh homework , gotta love it 
doesn't have her 8am class on Monday , woo hoo !! 
home to take a nice nap , then work at 4 :-/ 
hmmm laundry , dishes , homework ... it's going to be a great night !! Don't have to get up early for my 8am class , so it's all good . 
home for a 3 hour nap , then work at 5 ! 
is in the library for the next few hours working on her accounting lab ... woo hoo ! 
whoever invented MyAccounting Lab online should be slapped , and slapped HARD . It shouldn't take this long to do simple homework for goodness sakes !!! 
finished with that darned assignment , picking up paystub , home for some foodsies , more studying for accounting test tomorrow . oi ! 
in the library for a while to do some research for her proposal that's due tomorrow . 
is thinking she will do tacos tonight !!! 
eh , weekend shmeekend ... working all weekend , no fun ! 
... doctor , milk , homework . fun afternoon/evening ! 
is in the library for a while working on her accounting homework . oh joy ! 
is finished with her ACC hw ... this test is going to be a breeze ! Now , home to study for a different test :-/ 
* sigh * this weekend is going to SUCK !! 
... working on an outline for my research paper , then studying for ACC test and Business Law test ! ugh 
this weekend won't be that bad , but it'll still be lame ! 
is ready for a freakin ' break ! 
this week is going to suck . no exceptions . 
is in the UNCW library because it's my only option if I want to get my work finished ... stupid wireless in other places >:{ 
has two more problems for ACC lab online , then rest of the night spent on doing research for my paper ... woohoo !! * sigh * 
... finished with the research that I HAD to get done to turn in for tomorrow , off to pick up paystub , home for dinner/cookies/tv/long night of studying for accounting test tomorrow . 
it's going to be a long night . one more class later , then up all night long to finish my research paper :-/ 
and so the ridiculousness of the long evening has begun !! ugh 
has another half of a < PROPFEMALE > to write/cite and such , then I am home free !!! 
woo hooooo !! Finished with my research paper ... home for some well-deserved freshly baked cookies and some tele ! 
has NO idea what she is going to do today after class ... 
oi , it's going to be a long day !! 
has a test , working on accounting lab for a while after that , then home to study for Business Law test . ugh 
sigh , I am ready for next week !! 
... after this class , a test on Monday and I am free until the 30th !! besides my presentation I have to work on of course :-/ 
has a class , then a test , then home free for the week !! 
is home until Saturday morning ... so little time , so much to do , so many people to see !! 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone !!! 
2012 was awesome !! I recommend it to everyone 
is headed back home in the morning , then work at 3 ! ugh , long day ahead of me . 
oi , the next week is going to be ridiculous . I can't wait until next Friday !! 
Thursday : Business Math test , Friday : Research and Reporting presentation , Monday : Business Law test , Tuesday : Computer final exam , Wednesday : Accounting test . Fun ? I think not !! 
2 more exams to go !! and some other crap/schoolwork in between that I have to take care of before the end of the week . lame 
computer final in 50 minutes , then working on ACC homework , English portfolio , and studying for ACC final test . Today sucks . 
easy final down , now off to study for my ACC final and do my portfolio ... sigh . 
got all A's and has a 4.0 for the fall semester !!!!!! 
.. home to finish packing , then off to Ptown for the night and < PROPFEMALE > for the weekend for the family Christmas !! 
in < PROPFEMALE > for the weekend for the family Christmas ... be back in a couple days 
ah yes , family Christmas tomorrow and I get to see the new baby cousin :) 
had a very enjoyable evening ... tomorrow I'm back on the road to Pboro , then on the road to home later on . 
just finished a tasty Christmas ham , some freshly cut pineapple , and homemade < PROPMALE > n ' cheese !! ... definitely has a relaxing evening ahead of her 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS EVERYONE !! Enjoy your families , friends , food , and the rainy day ahead ! 
had a relaxing Christmas . Visiting some family tomorrow , then hanging out with Steph and a few others !! 
is traveling back home to Wilmington tomorrow morning , then work at 3 :-/ 
HAPPY NEW YEAR LOVE YOU ALL !!!!! 
saved a seagull's life today ! :) at least its hunger for a wrapped fortune cookie that was abandoned in the parking lot !!! 
second day of classes ... hoping for a snowday tomorrow ! heh , hoping hard 
is 31% finished with paying off her car !!! oh yay 
has the next two days off of work to relax and such :) 
has her second class at 11 , home for lunch , running around town to try and find brother a job , maybe getting him an oil change , getting him a new pillow , then teet to pick up some veggies for din din and my paystub + schedule , NAP , cooking dinner , relax , laundry , homework , SLEEP !... phew , not nearly as relaxing of a day as I had planned it to be :/ 
BAH ! next weekend hurry up ... this weekend will suck due to working the ENTIRE time , so the next weekend is where my mind is . hoping of course that it isn't as bad :/ 
<3 s tax season :) 
oi , last month power < PROPMALE > HURTS . freakin ' cold weather :( 
holy hell I hope tomorrow is slow . stupid people and their fear of ice ... at the beach ! Definitely a good night to ice the knees :/ 
heh power was out at the store past 8pm , closed the store at around 930 ... easy nights are amazing ! 
sigh , dryer stopped working after I had already put my second load of laundry in the washing machine . Lame !! wth ? 
it may be cold outside , but there's not a cloud in the sky ! too bad I am working 2-10 , so I can't enjoy any of it :( 
is finished with her taxes ... all she needs now is an envelope ! 
... I hate reminiscing about things that I don't need to be thinking about . 
taxes are sent , rent is paid , air filter is changed , and all that's left to do today is relax and watch some tv ! 
just got home from 5 hours of hanging tags for the new sales week . time to do the rest of my homework ! 
is so happy that she did her accounting homework yesterday ! which means that I am definitely going to get at least 7 hours of sleep tonight :) 
in my 8am class for 2 minutes ; next class isn't until 11 , sigh . SO TIRED !! 
is watching UNC lose and doing some homework 
definitely a good night in basketball : Duke beasts and UNC loses . time to study 
oi , this week is going to SUCK ! thank you for my 4 shifts in a row and 2 huge tests . I predict very little sleep this week ... come ooon Friday !! 
is finished with one of her tests for the week ! 3 more days of work , one more test , and it'll be Friday :) 
... been up since 6:30 a.m. with classes and work all day and going to bed early to get up early and read ; classes until 1:50 , work 3-10 , maybe breathe and relax a little . doing it ALL over again at 6:30 ... head's going in freakin ' circles * SCREAMS * 
did anything but relax this evening . I'm probably not going to have a voice tomorrow ; at least DUKE won !!! 
seriously , could this week go by any slower ?! up again in 5 hours with another crappy day ahead of me lasting until sometime in the a.m. due to a test on Friday . greeeaat 
< PROPMALE > of snow ? ... in Wilmington ?! yay :D up late studying for her Ethics test and so happy that she has off of work tomorrow 
thinking she should go to bed now and just get up early to study before the test ... especially since she's been up since 6:30 
2.75 inches so far !! can't wait to wake up and see the view :) 
it's a good morning for pancakes and hot chocolate !! 
happy singles awareness day ... spending mine working and watching lameness all day long 
classes 12- 1:50 , work 3-10 , and sleep soon thereafter ... fun day ahead of me :/ 
freakin ' 8 a.m. classes >:( 
seriously getting ready for bed now . up in 6 hours with probably only getting 5 hours of sleep grr 
is STARVING for a nice big hot breakfast , but she doesn't feel like driving anywhere 
class in 20 minutes , home for breakfast and a nice long nap , then homework 
mm carrots and Accounting , what a fabulous combination for this hour of the night ! ugh up for a bit , distract me if you must 
so , < PROPFIRST > White is freakin ' AWESOME !!!! now , time for homework 
is making some bbq chicken :) smells gooood 
is trying to figure out what she should have for dinner ... 
got an A on the test she took Friday :D A little more Olympics and it's bedtime for this one ! 
sigh , long week ahead of me . probably no time for myself at all ... come on weekend !!! 
a week and a half--that's all I have to keep telling myself 
\your tax refund will be mailed by February 26\ " :) :D !!!! " 
well , the power < PROPMALE > was $6 less than last month's :\\ . come on summer !! 
1.5 tests down , 1.5 to go and a research project ... 3 more days ! 
in the library for the next oooh 7.5 hours ish . yay research projects ! 
ok . so , I'm hungry and my eyes hurt from staring at the screen and reading nonstop for 3 hours ... home for food and laundry , nap , then work at midnight for a few hours doing tags 
Accounting midterm finished ! One more test , then up ALL night long to work on her research project . ( one more day ! ) 
BAH ! Made a 100 on her Accounting Midterm :D 
SPRING BREAK has commenced . Got the night off from work ... hmm what to do , what to do . Bed shopping !! 
has a very enjoyable week ahead of her 
had fun last week ... back to classes tomorrow :/ 
worked an hour and a half over on the 3 hr shift she covered today , class 8- 12:15 , working 3-10 ... lame 
has class til 12:15 ish , taking a long nap , then going to a meeting at 7 for work . SO ready for the weekend 
had a fun weekend , now back to reality :/ 
ohhh , it's going to be a crappy day . it's raining and I'd rather be sleeping and I have to work 3-10 . 
uber long day ahead of me ... classes from 8- 9:15 , 11- 12:15 , home for food , grocery shopping , studying for tomorrow's Ethics test , nap , work 12- ? hanging tags ... bed 
just bought a bed :) FINALLY , now I must wait until it arrives ... boo ! 
is sleep-deprived and cranky because of it ... Friday can't come any faster ! 
Duke is off to the NCAA Championship !! Hell yeah ! 
Happy Easter everyone ! first day off in 8 days ... beach day with the madre ?! chyeah ! 
tomorrow's schedule : class , beach , NCAA Championship game !!! 
and DUKE wins the 2010 ACC & NCAA chamionships !!! wooo baby :D 
is back to work today :/ Next day off = Friday !! 
is thinking/researching about a future possible vacation ... hmm , so many possibilities !! 
is starving , but doesn't feel like making or cooking anything 
finally ate something :) ... now , late night tv ! 
sigh . ready for summer ... only about 22 days left ! 
is not allowed to register for classes until the 21st >:( If I were able to register right now with the classes that I need to take , I would have no Friday classes and still be taking 15 hours ... I hate this registering system !!! ( should be first come first serve dangit ! ) 
yay for free lunch today , because otherwise I'd be starving by the time I left the library ! 
BS research papers that I couldn't care less about = death . home for real food and to work on my outline :/ 
it's a beach day for sure !! 
thank goodness for days off ! tomorrow shall be relaxing 
successful and relaxing day . fajita night indeed ! 
taking care of some things between classes bc I have to spend my entire day researching and writing an entire 5 < PROPFEMALE > paper tomorrow ... thanks to JUST being given the assignment topic last Friday , being due THIS Friday , and work for scheduling me every other day this week that I can work on it . * sigh * 
my registration for next semester starts at 4am ... up until after then , hoping that my internet works 
is registered ! now , I can sleep for an uber long day ahead of me . bother me if you dare ... 
just hit 25,000 < PROPMALE > on her car :( ... gearing up for a ridiculously long night ahead of me 
hates that she can't find any pertinent information needed for this forced topic research project >:( 
ok , I think I'm finished for the night . Pretty much have 3 hours between classes tomorrow to work on this freakin ' project , and I am going to use them ! ... bed for 3ish hours , then another hell of a long day ahead of me with a 6 hour shift at a different store :/ 
well , kind of screwed myself up today ... missed my 8am class , and just woke up to pretty much miss my 11 oclock . DAMMIT ! stupid alarm clock 
work : check , food : still working on that , paper : ... oh dear lord I'm gonna be up all night ! energy drinkS : check ! 
so , I have decided that I won't be sleeping tonight :D Dear teacher , thanks for giving me my impossible personal research paper topic and a week to do all of the research with me working 6 of those days until 10 pm ... paper due in less than 12 hours * SCREAMS * 
has only 3 hours left and still has an entire < PROPFEMALE > worth of information to find ... single-spaced . sooo tired ! 
FINISHED ! now , with no sleep , I have to get ready for class and drive ... breakfast first bc I'm starving 
it's bedtime . 
shouldn't have gone to sleep for 6 hours after I got out of class this afternoon . Now , I'm wide awake ! 
is making quesadillas ! 
haircut today maybe ?!? induction ceremony later tonight and relaxing 
mmm strawberries . nom nom nom 
... f * the popo !! got a speeding ticket this morning in a school zone . :( 
one more week . I just have to keep telling myself that . 
2 Exams on Monday , turn in take-home exam on Tuesday ( maybe earlier ) , possible class on Wednesday , last exam on Thursday , then FREEDOM for 3 months !! 
is makin ' steak fajitas :) 
review day tomorrow in both of my classes , much needed oil change and state inspection , relaxing , then doing my accounting exam ... another long and NONfun day . 
Don't need a state inspection until the end of the month ! Getting my oil changed , then working until ten of course . Another boring day when it's so pretty outside !!! 
relaxing for the night because tomorrow's going to be filled with studying/preparing for exams . ugh 
random thought : * 4 * more months !! 
oi , exams and working for 4 days , then mini vacation for 4 days !!! :D 
oh good lord , is it Friday yet ?!? 
... now , for my take-home accounting final due by 9:15 am . oi 
sleep ?? during finals week !? psh , doesn't exist !! 
one more final to go and a few books sold back to go toward next semester . summer is so close !! 
been up for 26 hrs , takin a 2 hr nap , work for 7 hrs , then sleep for at least 10 . sounds like a plan to me ! 
Tomorrow : go to classes to get my grades , work 4-10 , and prepare for my business management exam for Thursday morning . yet , another lame day ... 3 more days :D 
finished studying for the night , off to bed once this train shuts up !! last exam at 11 :) 
FREEDOM ! now , off to the beach for a little bit before work at 4:30 
So , because of today's burnfest , I won't be going to the beach tomorrow . Instead , I will sleep in for a little bit , then drive home for the beginning of this amazingly awesome weekend ahead of me !!!! 
home in p-town for the night , then off to the OBX in the morning with the one and only Stephie ho and family :D 
At the OBX with Steph and fam until Monday :) 
... oh oh oh oh ! 
enjoyed the margaritas and hot tubbin ' . lunch at 11am with some of Steph's fam and some shopping at the Tanger outlets , then back to P-town and shortly thereafter , home home . 
just got back from the OBX , now on my way back to Wilmington ... long day of driving ! 
Got my Cappuccino and my techno ... i Should be good :) 
home sweet home . back to work tomorrow , boo ! 
work at 7am and I am not tired enough to sleep . sigh , long day tomorrow 
is making spaghetti and watching Sherlock Holmes 
has the day off tomorrow , then working 5 days straight . woo hoo ! 
ugh , gotta be up in about 5 hours for another fabulously long shift doing HBC ! .. just gotta keep telling myself it's all about the hours I'm getting from it , who needs sleep ?! 
such a beautiful day today ! so glad that I am \ 
able to enjoy it 
is tired of the same old song and dance . need more excitement in my life now that it's summer ! 
sigh , work in 6 hours and I am still not tired enough to go to bed :/ 
had a very enjoyable and relaxing evening with the Laniers ;) and friends ha ! Congrats to the newlyweds !!! 
has another uber early morning shift after closing ... woo hoo ! 
so , work was death tonight . oreos are necessary ! 
Avatar and hot wings !! good night for sure :) 
needing that spark in my life to give me a jump in satisfaction 
has work until 10 ... then who knows ! 
anyone know of a good ( second ) job here in Wilmington that I can work just for the summer ?!? 
... I guess I should sleep . 
yeah , that's right , Ace Ventura Pet Detective at 3:30 in the morning ... on VHS . good stuff ! 
good morning little sunrise birds I'm off to bed , so shut it ! 
is making steak fajitas .. mm 
deciding on which movies she wants to watch tonight . so many , yet , so little to choose from ! 
taking my power nap before my second uber long shift of the day !! 
out of the past 35 hours I have worked for 22 of them and slept for 6 . Bedtime for the whole day ; or at least until I can't lie there anymore :) 
deciding on what she's going to cook for dinner ... chicken cordon bleu or some other crazy dish ?! 
haha the CBS Morning News is on . this may be a sign that I need to go to bed soon 
just sliced the tip of my thumb open with a steak knife ... that's what I get for trying to do dishes at 3 in the morning 
tonight will be a good night . nuff said 
... it's pretty bad when your mom says you're ocd three times in a row when talking about money 
being up this late and still not being tired is a disease . Off to bed ? * sigh * work 4-10 
spending my evening with the cap'n , a little hockey , and whatever else is on ... another relaxing evening for sure 
DI-NO SA-U-R-A < PROPMALE > SAUR . and ol-dm-an , you're just an old man , hittin on me what ?! 
frosted flakes and Legion . good combo 
I've had better days ... up for a long while so I can sleep all day and work all night doing tags tomorrow/Wednesday morning . 
alrighty then , I guess it's bedtime 
is off to work for the night 
bedtime . up later on to actually try and take care of some things during daylight hours 
3 more months !!! 
scrambled eggs and toast with strawberry jam , mmm best thing I've had all day sadly 
off to bed ... it's gonna be a long 5 days 
store for a movie because tv suuuucks 
watching Daybreakers , then Whiteout . hopefully I'll be tired enough to go to bed by the time I'm finished 
another day in paradise ... come oooon Monday night !! 
my poor little feet ... yay for my 4hr shift tomorrow afternoon 
so , I tried this whole sleep thing . I even lied there for an hour and a half . still ... nothing . curse this nonstop mind of mine ! 
you'd think I'd be tired after all I did today ... nope , not one bit , and I need to get up in about 8 hours 
so , a customer legitimately got mad at me today for smiling ... happily off for the next three days even more so now than before . 
is kicked from her bed to the living room for the next few days , but for good reasons 
so , two lizards are mating on my back deck under the shady tree . just thought I'd share :) 
beach and park with the fam and puppies , then baseball game at 7 ! 
fabulous day , ready for tomorrow's activities 
starting the day a little late , but taking care of some things with the fam 
had a nice and relaxing week . finishing this last bit o ' my beer and hopefully crashing . work 7-3 tomorrow . 
9 hr shift tomorrow at a different store and it's supposed to be a gorgeous day :/ oh well , extra money never hurt me 
terminator salvation , then crashing . work 7-3 tomorrow 
on this day 4 years ago I was literally inches from death . Not a day goes by without thinking about that accident . Still not 100% , but I'm getting there ... just thankful that I'm still alive and able to do the things I want to do . 
definitely enjoying the beach tomorrow . High of 97 and < PROPFEMALE > AND I have the day off ! 
... why hello there aloe 
ice cream and Heroes for a couple of hours , then bed . work 7-3ish , then a helluva fun night 
going to enjoy this evening off ... bring it on !! 
last 7-3 shift for a while . woot ! now it'ts time to try and take care of some business for the brother 
ok , NOW I can relax for the evening 
pancakes for breakfast , taking care of some things , then going home until Sunday morning to watch my dad skate in the Southern Regional Championships on Saturday in Greensboro :) 
10 days to make a hell of a lot of decisions and start trying to sell crap . until then , off to Greensboro to see some fam and watch my dad skate for the first time in the Regional Championships !! 
enjoyed the evening with the family . back to Wilmington in the morning and work at 4 
oi , tonight couldn't have gone any slower ... resting for a bit , then taking care of some crap :/ 
just realized I'm working 7 days straight with the new schedule . thanks work for making this next week and a half even more stressful than it already was . fml 
making barbecue chicken breasts and some beef flavored fettuccini . should be tasty , I'm starving ! 
woot ! both laptops are fully updated and have an updated virus protection now . downloads only took 4 hours , but it's done ! 
sooo , anyone know someone who needs a place to stay in Wilmington for the next year starting mid-late July ish ?! If so , for the love of everything let me know ! 
oi , long night of cleaning ... especially brother's bedroom and bathroom 
ah yes , last day of my 7 day stretch and it's probably going to be slammed 
ahh yes , beer in hand with nothing to do . I love it ! 
that nap did nothing for me ... out for a drive 
midshift tomorrow that I so willingly took , then back home to sleeeeep 
mmm tomato < PROPMALE > penne in a meat sauce . glad I was in the mood to cook 
I believe that sleep is my main priority this evening . tomorrow is going to suck . 6.5 hour shift that may be turned into a 12+ hour day ... depends on how tired I am around 2am 
work 4- 10:30 , then 10:30 - ? doing tags . it's gonna be a looong night 
being forced out of the complex by 9 or else I will be towed thanks to whatever the hell they're doing to the parking areas ... don't have to work until 12 :/ oi , what in the world am I gonna do ?! 
Because of the rain they won't be fixing the parking spaces today . I basically woke up at 7:30 for nothing . Off to a great start to an annoying day ! 
rough start at the beginning of the day , but ended with a nice relaxing evening . day off tomorrow = beach !! 
one more beer . to drink , or not to drink ?! 
beach , biking , and shopping . good day ! besides having to get up at 8am on my day off for them to repaint the parking spots 
burrito from Flaming < PROPFEMALE>'s and relaxing the night away 
what a beautiful weekend to not be working . too bad I have to :/ 
finding something that I am not too tired to make for dinner , then watching the fourth kind 
is about $ 1,000 poorer . YAY school ! 
oh mind , why do you have to be so active with thinking about every possible thing ? why can't you just let me sleep ? oOOooO , South Park is on ! 
gonna sleep real nice tonight ... I hope . 
making sweet bbq chicken kabobs on the grill ... mm , should be tasty ! 
They will not force us . And they will stop degrading us . And they will not control us . We will be victorious , so come on 
deciding on what kind of grilled chicken I should make for dinner tonight : cajun chicken , grilled picante bbq , < PROPFEMALE > grilled , herbed citrus , or some other craZy random mixture ?? GO 
aww brother made me breakfast this morning . now , to start preparing for dinner ! 
bed soon ?! work 8-2 then 2- 6:30 . oi , getting those hours in before vacay is a beast 
too exhausted to eat ... relaxing for a bit , then bed . another long day tomorrow : 8-12pm , 8pm-6am , then right back to work at 4pm to close . woohoo ! 
oi , why hello there sleeping pills ... for all that is good please kick in asap . ' nap ' then working til 10:30 . 
nonstop turnaround shifts it seems ... work at 7am :/ Just 2 more shifts until vacay ! 
out of the past 57 hours I have worked 31 of them and slept 12 ... tired !? chyeah . one more day ! 
VACATION HAS COMMENCED !!!!!!!! bring it 
pudding's ready :) 
so much to do in such little time to do it ! outta here by 4 , then gone ' til Tuesday !! 
enjoyed dinner and seeing < PROPFEMALE > after a freakin year !! now , glowstick camera fun with Roberrrrto in a bit . so glad to be home ish :) 
15 deer in 9 miles ... really ?! definitely the one thing I don't miss about home . < PROPMALE>'s 1st Birthday party/family cookout in < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow afternoon !! 
another busy day tomorrow and last full day in town for a while :( 
nap ?! ha , then the lovely 3 hr . ish drive home for more epicness !!! 
< PROPFIRST > got a job !!! Halle freakin lujah !!!! 
enjoyed the beach for a little bit , but it was just too freakin hot ! making smoothies and then possibly off to the Sharks game 
court in the wee morning , boooo ! beach afterward , then Madre's in town for a bit for the Sharks game and such :) 
exhauuuusted ! 
hmm , I am tired enough to go to sleep now , but that means I'd be getting up early ... psh 
planning out my spring semester ... because I can and I can't sleep just yet 
I think these damn trains got new train whistles because they're so much more annoying !! 
finally has her own internet !! no more bumming , it's a good day 
ahh yes , semi freedom for tonight and tomorrow , then back to the chopping block on Friday 
I'mma need a drink after today ... breeeathe 
hmm what's for dinner ..?! not a lot to make , but I am starving ! 
now that I have picked the brother up , I can enjoy my beer and a movie .. ahh yes 
wishes things were easier than just my imagination 
looks like another pb&j and smoothie night 
up early to sign the new lease , nap , then work 2- 10:15 .. wee ! * sigh * I can't believe it has already been a whole year !! 
boo < PROPFIRST > in getting a flat tire ... now , attempting to make some kind of dinner 
apparently liquor is bad for my blood type ... beer and wine are better . no bueno ! 
has the day off tomorrow to once again take care of crap . ahh yes :/ 
one more month !! eeee , so close 
it seems as if my camera is forever dead . sad day , we had some good times . 
ice cream and Hot Tub Time Machine ! 
apparently I didn't have to close tonight ... instead , I am doing tags 8-finish . no one told me until I got to work at 2 this afternoon . :/ ugh , it's gonna be a looong night 
Why HELLO there pillow ! Sleeping until I wake up , or until someone is loud enough to wake me up . 
dinner then shopping :D gotta get my stuff before all those moms go crazy and buy everything that I need/want 
... so , \ 
we went to pick up my bike that the brother chained to a sign , and he \ 
not only managed to bust the tire off of the wheel , but flatten the \ 
other one . what the hell can you do in less than a 2 mile ride to do \ 
that ?!? 
just found a few of her long lost techno and reggae cds !!! yay for ' spring ' cleaning 
$613 later ... I have all of my books . thank goodness for used books , or else it would have been a helluva lot more ! 
nap for a bit , work 4- 10:15 , then freedom until Monday !! 
Godiva liquor milkshakes ... it's a good night . 
let's do the fork in the garbage disposal !! ding ding ding , ding ding ding , ding ding ding !! 
surf city , pizza , and basically attending a random wedding ... good day . outtt tonight and who knows 
sparks , doritos , and Transformers ... fabulous 
... thinking wings for dinner , hmm 
back to work for the next 7 days , then back to school :/ goodbye summer 
I might have to wait , I'll never give up ; I guess it's half timing , and the other half's luck ; Wherever you are , whenever it's right ; You'll come out of nowhere and into my life 
oooo this next week is gonna blow !! Thanks , super double and 7 days straight , for making my last week of summer hella crappy 
Taking < PROPFIRST > to get his books and such , then off to death and super doubles at 3 ... so tired ! 
well , day one was a biatch . had a $ 2,000 order , was busy until I was out the door , and it felt like I had no help after 9 . another hellish day tomorrow with the senior citizens and super doubles ... is it bad that I am ready to go back to school ?! 
laundry and getting crap together for Monday . I should be sleeping , but we all know that's not happening anytime soon :/ 
waffles !! work at 3 ; so ready for Monday 
jaw is painfully tight thanks to clenching my teeth today due to the insanity at work . never felt so good to sit down 
bad day , came home to something that wanted to make me kill my brother ... where's the alcohol when I need it . seventh day of work tomorrow , then 4 days off * breathe * 
has the next 4 days off :D too bad classes start tomorrow morning :/ 
morning came way too fast . class 10- 4:15 , oi long day 
road rage is much more prominent when I have had absolutely no real sleep for 12 days . cranky ... if I take a nap , I won't be able to go to sleep tonight ... no bueno ! 
Basically has classes from 8am until 10pm . thanks driving school for making my day even longer . Then tags for a few hours after midnight . Who needs sleep ?!? 
now , off to the 4 most boring hours of my life . boo tickets ! 
freedom from classes for the day . doing some good ol ' hw , having some dinner , then work at midnight . 
off to work I go for a few hours , crash for a few hours , up at 7:45 ish , and class until 4:15 . I don't think relaxing is going to be in my vocab this semester ... 
the sight of setting my alarm for 6:30 AM hurts ... stupid 8am classes 
why HELLO weekend ! This is perfect sleeping weather ; too bad I have to be at work at 7am tomorrow , or else I would go to bed right now ... with my luck , I'd wake up at midnight and not be able to go back to sleep 
eeee ! 2 more weeks before THE epic celebration !!! 
oh dear ... 5:30 AM alarm . Now THAT'S painful ! 
snack , laundry , dishes , pick brother up from work , SLEEP , The End . 
These eyes , they see more than you know . We're all dressed in our best so take it or leave it . 
work until 10 ... woo ! 
the evening consists of good ol ' SNL and some ' epic weekend ' planning :) 
received her grant ... not a whole heck of a lot , but every bit helps ! 
thank you homework for taking over the rest of my evening . it's too early to have this much crap to do ! 
can't wait until I have my treadmill !! pretty much the best way to let all the stress out , and I know it's going to be necessary this semester . little bit more hw to do , then off to bed for a hellish week ahead of me 
ohh joy , with the new schedule brings the days in a row that I work to 6 . Great !! I'm not sleeping very much this week . 
6:30 is gonna come WAY too early . class ' til 2:45 , then work ' til 10 
words of advice : you don't piss off an already pissed off person by parking in their OBVIOUSLY NUMBERED spot ! 
sooo much homework to do tonight as well as a test to study for ... getting up at 7 too . * sigh * 
enjoying some hella funny parodies for the night to keep my mind off the bs and the stress . 
stress level just got about 1,000 times worse ... fsgd . could anything else go wrong this week ?!? 
relaxing with a movie , then bedtime for this one . up early to help the brother job hunt , then work 4- 10:15 . * breathe * Everything is gonna be alright ... 
little bit of grocery shopping then a crapload of homework :( 
has one hell of a week ahead of her with multiple tests and a few long assignments , but once Thursday afternoon hits , let the epic 4 day celebration begin !!! 
up at 7:30 today , classes ' til 4:15 , work ' til 10 with NO help ... now , I have to study for a test and be up at 6:30 . It never ends . 3 ... more ... days !! 
100 on her first test of the week ! 2 to go , then partyin like it's goin outta style ! 
ooo I sure do hate purely lecture classes .. It's hard to know what the heck to study for them . attempting to study for a bit , then work 10pm-4am ish . yay tags 
another benefit of my birthday being around Labor Day : alcohol is on sale :D 
quick 45 < PROPFEMALE > nap , classes until 4:15 ish , home to nap/study for the last test of the week . 
Naptime , then personal finance assignments and studying for tomorrow's test . boooring 
definitely not looking forward to this test . didn't tell us what we should study , so that's 3 chapters of notes in 5 days . the outcome is probably not going to be so good . 
... THE epic weekend has commenced !! Are YOU ready ?! 
off to Rum Runners for the night to celebrate !! 
MUCHO THANKS TO EVERYONE FOR THE BIRTHDAY WISHES . Had fun last night with everyone who came out to celebrate !!! more epicness to come this weekend ... 
watching Epic Movie , having a few beers , and enjoying some cheese sticks . a relaxing evening after last night is entirely necessary 
packing , driving back home , then off to Bahama Breeze in < PROPMALE > for my birthday dinner with friends and family !!! 
had a fabulous time in < PROPMALE > and Chapel Hill this evening !!! can't wait for what tomorrow brings :) 
dinner with Madre and Grams , then off to see Inception(finally) !! 
ooo geeze . so much hw to do , and gotta be up by 6:30 :( 
treadmill is successfully moved into my place :D 
back to the grind of the teeter :/ vacay over 
first day back at work and school after about 6 days ... it sucked . sleep no time soon and real food for the first time since freakin ' 7am * sigh * 
feels good to run again , but dang I can't run like I used to hah ! making a tasty smoothie , then a long night of homework due to closing the next 4 nights 
ice cold beer and football . good way to end a bad week 
oi , bed so I can wake < PROPFIRST>'s deaf bum up in the morning and take him to class 
holy batman ! I need a freakin ' drink ... a REAL drink 
had fun last night . let's just say that I am glad I am on U-Scan today hah ! 
dinner , laundry , dishes , BED ! 
2 o'clock shifts are the death of me . work ' til 10 , then a crapload of hw . fabulous ! 
annoyed ... too much crap to deal with , too much going on this week . 5 tests this week . can Thursday afternoon get here any faster ??? 
can't concentrate anymore . it's bedtime . long , sleep-deprived , week ahead of me :/ 
1 down 4 to go . long night ahead :/ 
3 tests down 2 to go . 2 more days until this ridiculous week is over . 
really doesn't feel like studying anymore this week ... but , it looks like it's gonna be close to an all-nighter . no bueno 
alrighty it's naptime . taking that fabulous next day option for this morning's exam , because I am too tired to function for a 2hr exam ! 
quick run , then studying all night for the last 2 tests of the week . 
205 pages to study for tomorrow and it's already 12:30 .. fml 
long day ahead . classes 8am-8pm with a couple breaks in between , then a much needed night at RRs to celebrate Dom's birthday woo ! 
In the library for the next 3 hrs studying for this vicious business finance exam from 6-8 . Pray for me !! 
this helluva week is OVA !!! never thought it would end . off to RRs in a couple hours to celebrate for multiple reasons ... theeen work all weekend 
fun night of celebratin and karaoke . back to the good ol ' teeter grind for the next four days ... 
finally , a night to legitimately relax and do absolutely nothing ! 
plans cancelled and my dinner that was waiting for me for when I got home has been eaten by someone else . what's to do ? movie and drink :) 
bedtime ? I think so . another fabulously fun day at the teeter , then home to work on my stock project ... greeEAt 
phone's working again woot ! on that note , it's naptime ?! classes ' til 4:15 , then work ' til 10 . boo 
taking the night to relax before the next few days kill me 
So , apparently my retake is next week ... that's a relief ! just another addition to next week's load :/ 
had a nice nap . now , for some dinner and brief studying for personal finance 
3 hours until I have to work . naptime ? I think so 
well , that was a pointless fight ... back to more interesting things 
another fabulously long 8hr shift on the u-scan . ugh . ready for next Thursday ... 
feels good to finally have my car washed :) 
good morning monsoon . wish I didn't have to get up , because this is perfect sleeping weather ! 
meeting at 6 , then home for food , mucho studying , and other project related crap . 
9.62 \ of rain as of now for Wilmington just for today . I mean really ?! with a possible 6\ " more for tomorrow :/ " 
necessary nap , then more studying for yet another test ... burrrrrnt out ! 
needed that 5 hr nap :) but now I have to study for a hellish test 
why hello 5 o'clock somewhere ... 
random music that I have never heard before , coloring , friends , and alcohol .... good night hah ! 
another day another dollar . work ' til 10:15 , then who knows 
has way too much to do today ... starting with making some breakfast ! 
floors cleaned , laundry put away , dishes done , all trash taken out , dinner in the oven ... only thing left to do is my homework :/ overall , a very productive day before a hectic week ! 
damn this pain in my neck ! I can't concentrate on these assignments for the life of me ... need a real break from classes 
ready for it to be Friday night ... this week is going to blow !! 
is sick of the ignorant people who seem to think that it is OK to repeatedly park in my MARKED spot . well , it's not ... so move dammit !!! 
my corrected assignment is due before 12 tonight and she hasn't even graded it ... so how am I supposed to re-do something if need be if she hasn't even looked at it ?!? oi ! up for a bit to do my collage that's due tomorrow :) 
collage is complete ! going to bed before my extreme ocd kicks in ... side note-I don't think I have used a glue stick in about 10 years ; pulled a little inner child out tonight ha 
only 6 more exams , my 10 < PROPFEMALE > paper , and my 30ish < PROPFEMALE > report/project left !! oi , I'll be lucky if I survive the next week and a half :/ dilemma : nap , or no nap ?! 
mm extra strength 5-hr energy . this exam will be the death of me 
can't freakin ' concentrate for the life of me . so sick of studying for this ridiculous exam ! Come ON Friday night ... this week is taking for-ev-er 
9 hours of sleep in 3 days and I'm wired ?! makes no sense . the beast of the exams is finally over with ; project , paper , and 4 more exams to go . ecstatic that it's the weekend !!! 
up early to take brother to class , work 1-10 , then out for the night ! 
what a purty fall afternoon to work on my project outside 
When you smile , the whole world stops and stares for a while . 
has absolutely no motivation to do anything ... and is gonna pay for it tomorrow night 
has a lot on her mind and on her plate for the week and really doesn't wanna go to work today 
food , then the beginning of my nonstop studying/death week 
can't focus ...... wide awake , though :/ 
first all-nighter of the week .. bring it ! 
one ( of many ) things I hate about any kind of research project , that the internet is needed for , is that it's diiiistraaaactiiiing ! * sigh * 
17 pages down , about 20 to go :/ 
project is coming together nicely ... only 2 more nights of torture by project , then death by research paper ! studying for an 8am exam , then catching a little bit of sleep so I'm not completely nonfunctional for the long ass day ahead of me . 
work ' til 10 , then the torture continues ... 
massive sammich , regular assignments , then back to work on the death project for another evening of no sleep . which playlist to listen to tonight ... hmm 
.... so unmotivated . sleep or no sleep , this project sucks :/ 
today'll be worse than the last . it's crunch time , I'm sick , and I'll probably feel worse when I wake up from my whole 1.5 hr nap adding to my previous 6 hrs of sleep in the past 2 days . classes 9- 4:15 , then up all night to finish this damn thing 
teacher gave up our 2-hr class period for us to work on our projects ... woot ! 
why hello there Dayquil ! long night numba 3 , hoping I will finish early enough to get more than 2 hrs of sleep 
hates being dependent on cough drops to semi-breathe :'( 
... 7 more hours left on this fabulous time clock . not TOO much left to go :/ 
has officially murdered an entire box of tissues in 2 evenings . :( 3 more hours left on the clock ... 
after this week , you'd think I'd be tired enough to go directly to bed ... nope . fml 
falling asleep to the warming smell of a pumpkin pie candle . food or w/e I love fall smells !!! 
still feel like crap and still uber tired ... work at 3 , then crashing 
drink of choice for the evening : OJ . .. finishing an assignment due by midnight , then SLEEEEP ! 
work , then paper :/ 
reallllly doesn't want to work on this paper tonight 
lmao ... sooo , it's either infomercials or < PROPMALE > ?! wtf Saturday night tv , wtf !! bed I guess and up ' early ' to work on this thing , then work at 4 . 
wishes she didn't have to work today , so she would be able to get this paper finished and actually sleep a little bit . but , that's not going to happen .... 3rd all-nighter of the week for sure 
5 hr energy and food : check ... long ass night ahead of me :/ stupid assignments due all at once 
got my thesis statement and outline together !! now , to research and write ... oi 
one < PROPFEMALE > down , at LEAST 4 more to go . geeze I hate research papers !!! and only about 4 hours left to do it 
getting that second wind . let's just hope it lasts until 4:30 
hello pillow , oh how I have missed you <3 up in a few hours to study for a test :/ 
craving for quesadillas ... store for supplies , then studying 
had massive amounts of energy cooking/cleaning everything . now that I have sat down to study , I've become very drowsy ... of course . 
sooo excited that I don't have anything to do tonight . You . Have . No . Idea . 
hello , beautiful . not used to seeing you this early ... 
trying to figure out what classes I want to take for next semester ... so little to choose from , but so hard to decide . ugh 
How is it that whenever I work for so many days straight , it's beautiful for every single one of em and my first day off , it's supposed to rain ?! so not fair ... 5 days of gorgeousness and I can't enjoy any of it :( 
just lost a little bit more respect for the Wilmington popos 
watching Halloween movies on fancast , enjoying a couple beers , and having some oatmeal !? hah eventful night at the teet per usual , time to relax . 
ooooook it's bedtime . another fab . 7hrs at the teeter tomorrow evening 
anyone know the free live feed for the UFC fight ?!?! 
relaxed , got the music going , all I need now is the ability to fall asleep :/ 
oh dreadful 8hr u-scan shift , you will be the death of me . 
wishes it were more than just ... * sigh * another hell week ahead ! 
... < PROPMALE > wanna 
feels like she has lost almost all motivation for the semester . if only I had a legitimate break every once and a while ... don't think I have had a real full day to myself since the beginning of September . yay nonstop nonsleep !! 
finally off to bed . up in a few hours to do it all over again ! except that it's a day off from work . 
is off to a good start to the long day . only 3 more tests for the week ! 
studying for this fabulous 6 chapter marketing test . ugh , halfway to Thursday night ! 
reallllly thinkin about a nap right about now .. 
bedtime I guess :/ long day/night ahead of me 
One more class , then it's the weekend !! 
had fun last night ! back to work in a little bit , then a much calmer evening out 
canceled plans = quiet night in and halloween movies on fancast ! :) 
looking forward to seeing all of the little ones in their halloween costumes at work today ... that's about it 
ok , so I have black , white , red , yellow , and green face paint ... deciding on what to do for tomorrow for work :) 
making muh face for the night :) 
Happy Halloween everyone ! off to work in a bit .. woo 
well , got 4 of my classes registered . have to get the other one waived so I can take it at the same time as my pre-requisites and see if I can get a substitution for another class so I don't have to come back in the fall for ONE freakin ' class .. sigh , studying for a fab PF test at 1:30 , finding a place to vote , then home for < PROPFIRST > Hood and SLEEP ! 
productive day ... registered for classes , filed for graduation , voted , and took care of the wireless bs with TWC . movie time :) 
hoping these cough drops cure this pain in my throat or it's gonna be another restless night :/ bed sooooon 
starving , someone please cook me some fooooood ! why am I so burnt out that I have no will power to make anything to eat ?! :( 
stressed out , tired of school , tired of work , tired of the bs all around me . I need a vacation . 
attempting to eat a little something , then getting ready for work 
someone pick a number 1-68 . this'll decide which movie I will be watching tonight . whoever's first to post will be it 
OUT LIKE A LIGHT ! 
is really not wanting to go to work today . especially after yesterday's madness 
via Markie's movie pick #21 , looks like I am watching Memoirs of a Geisha this evening .. and finding something edible/drinkable :/ 
I have 13 hours to sleep until I need to get up . let's just hope my body takes advantage of every one of them 
waking up in an extremely bad mood is definitely not a good sign for the rest of the day ... 
another hellish day of course and worked 40 minutes over my shift .. great for the hours , but damn I'm tired . [ someone pick a # 2-68 , excluding 21 ] 
electric blanket season = love . oddball hbc shift tomorrow afternoon @158 . actually have to get up before noon on a Sunday :/ 
freedom ! now to figure out what to cook for dinner and study for yet another vicious finance exam 
not as bad of a hell week ahead , but it's still gonna hurt at the start . Thursday night is only 4 days away ... 
I guess I should start studying ... at least my weekend was semi-relaxing . don't want it to end ! 
why do teachers give exams on Monday mornings ?!? Do they do it to make their Mondays easier on them ? * sigh * this crap will be the death of me all morning . at least until 12 :) then it's just coasting until 10pm 
Rain comes pouring down Falling from blue skies Words without a sound Coming from your eyes . .. It's hard to say . Boy do I miss 90s music ! SeRiOuSlY hating this class right now . 
hour long power nap , because I decided I needed to function for at least a little bit today . 
so not in the mood to deal with them tonight ... 
a round of homework , a little bit of laundry , then crashing at some point ... so tired ! 
well-warmed electric blanket , the smell of an apple cider candle , and the next 2 days off to catch up on everything = one happy chic :) 
gotta get up in 3.5 hours . woot ! math at 8am is not looking good right now 
was an hour late to my first class .. oops ! 3 more hours ' til I can go back to my warm cozy bed :) So exhausted mentally and physically . 
been with the teet for 4 years now . * sigh * anniversary means more paid vacation hours !!!! [ nap time , then plenty of stuff to take care of this evening ] 
thank you Fancast for having Conan !!!!!! You have no idea how happy this makes me :) 
nice , warm oatmeal and a practice test 
accomplished a lot of things today that I have been putting off for a while . knocking out even more assignments tomorrow to make room for the 3 vicious projects ahead of me . .. one more month . 
now that I've gotten my brother registered for his classes for next semester , I can finish my homework .. ugh 
off to that place where we all know I love .. 
. 17 nuff said . 
ok , bedtime ! :) 
just picked up 6 more hours for the week . which means that I have to take care of even more this evening . food first , then down to business . woo hoo to a hell week ahead !! 
finding something to munch on , then forcing myself on my homework 
in the mood for a raver ... thank you techno at 2am :) 
choosing food over a quick nap before work . horrid night ahead 
screen door open , pumpkin spice candles goin ' , gettin that mind flowin ' . hah , making it a quick research night , then bed ' early'! 
jammies , deciding what's for dinner , then a helluva lotta work that needs to be done 
* LISTEN UP * Ever think about something and wish it existed ?!? I'm working on a Marketing project and I need IDEAS !! If you have an idea or an invention that you think someone should invent , send me a message and I'll consider it for the project . Any ideas are greatly appreciated ! 
out and about for the night , if ya need me text me 
is hoping that work today was as busy as yesterday so it will go by super fast ... 
long day behind me with another one ahead of me . can't wait until Thursday !! 
... it's the Sunday before Thanksgiving at a grocery store and I'm closing . enough said . 
needs another legit source of income ... and fast :/ 
Could really use a nap right now , but has to study for this PF test . Short nap after my test before work ?! I think so :) 
is stuffed from the free dinner food at work ... now , it's time to pack for the weekend ! 
Happy Turkey Day ... so excited to be driving home in a bit for the weekend ! 
homemade spaghetti thanks to Madre , then out with < PROPFEMALE > for an improv show in Carrboro !!! 
back home to Wilmy in a bit , wish I could have stayed longer :( 
back home with SO much to do 
back to work today ... 8 hr shift on u-scan . ugh , then back home for no sleep to work on one of my many projects 
cooking up something tasty on the grill tonight ;) can't wait ! 
good nap ... time to get down to business 
one exam out of the way . Needing to sleep :( one more class for the day , then home to study for business finance final and work on personal finance project ... it's almost over . 
I'm thinking a 2-hr nap ... then up all night ! 
< PROPFEMALE > 
cutting off all communication tools for the rest of the night in about half an hour . if you need me , well , tough ... I have to get this project finished within 15 hours . 
24 hours of straight working on my project and I'm still just halfway finished ... fml :/ 
not free just yet . only less than a week left to go before I can sleep again . 
another uber long night ahead of me . :/ it's so close ... 
one project down , two to go ! ... it never ends 
looks like Mongolian tonight ?! should be interesting ... I'm starved ! 
another hellish week ahead of me , wahoo !! this one being worse than the last ! 
oook ... who's ready for 2 days of nonsleep w/ 2 work shifts ?! NOT me ... but luckily , I got some good sleep last night . 
ok , I have about 19 hours to complete my business plan and about 22 hours after that to complete the rest of my personal financial plan . don't fail me now 5-hr energy and monster ... I'mma need you the next two days 
2 monsters , a cup of coffee , and 1/3 of the business plan finished ... 14 more hours left for this one 
wants a nap so badly right now !! eyes.so .. heavy ... lots of boring writing left . If I can finish within 4 hours , I can have an hour nap :) 
5 more pages to write up , off to get this thing bound , turn it in , then back here to finish the 3rd and final project and most likely up all night once again ! 
received my certification in the mail today , woot . 2 projects down , half of one left to go ... ugh Personal Finance IS the death of me . 
ook , just one more project separates me from sleeping . therefore , goodbye facebook , see you tomorrow night 
FREEEE !!! Now , I have to worry about the real-life bs . * sigh * Running off of basically no sleep for two days and a 6 hour shift ahead of me .. awesome ! Tuesday can't come any faster ... 
stuffed , off to round 2 at work from 3-10 , then becoming heavily inebriated with JoyFace 
has 5 A's so far , waiting on that PF grade ... probably not going to be an A , but one could only dream !! 
holding strong with my 3.9 :) got a B in PF , and I am perfectly fine with that ! 
so frigid outside !! getting < PROPFIRST > some groceries , packing , then MD bound at 6am :) 
MD bound , see you all Friday ! needing to get outta NC for a bit 
home in Wilmy , work in a little bit booo 
off to firebellies in a little bit , then double tomorrow ... 7-1 , 3-10 . oooh I love you winter break . 
8-hr shift today . don't have to deal with the crankies as much :) 
quick 4-hr today , then home to clean to get ready for tomorrow 
little less than 3 hours :D meh , that gatorade cooler is staring at me in the face ... 
vicious cold right before Christmas :( please go awaaay 
feel like crap with an 8hr u-scan shift ahead of me ... but , they're making a holiday dinner for everyone today , so free food !! 
I'll be home for Christmas ! leaving tomorrow afternoon , be back Monday morning , then work at 4 . First , Christmas movies with JoyFace and packing in the morn . 
oi , gotta pack real quick and get ready to go home !! 
home , fed , and happy to be here with the fam and the squishies 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all !! Now , who's ready for some snow ?! 
looking at about 6 inches of snow right now :D let's just hope I can get back down to Wilmy tomorrow 
hoping that the roads are not too bad in the morning , so I can get back to Wilmy safely and of course to work on time ... 
back in Wilmy . quick lunch , then off to work 
found her debit card ... * breathe * now , I can relax for the evening 
off to work in a bit to let off some steam . I was feeling great until about 30 mins ago 
chores around the house , then Candyland , Smallville , and Strawberry Cheesecake with JoyFace 
loads of paperwork taken care of , more to do tomorrow after my 7-3 hbc shift :/ 
zomg 8hr day turned into a 10hr day at work . few more things to take care of before internet is deceased tomorrow , then one heck of a busy day ahead of me before the countdown begins :) 
goodbye internet :( Happy New Year Everyone !!!! 
SO much to do tomorrow before classes start back on Wednesday :/ For now , enjoying some champagne and watching Date Night . 
first day back to another hellish semester tomorrow :/ let's make it a fast and easy one please !! 
only one afternoonish class tomorrow , then work . shouldn't be too hard of a day :) 
finally registered for my last class that I need to graduate :) meh , that would make three online ish classes without legit internet . awesome ! 
making lemon chicken :) so hungry and so tired ! 
exhausted already and the semester has barely begun . tgif 
tired of feeling like a mother to someone who is older than me :/ on a different note , I picked up 2 hours for tomorrow turning it into a 9-hr day on a Sunday with super double coupons WITH a < PROPMALE > of snow ... getting that bottle of cap'n out tonight for a few damn good reasons 
today and tomorrow off from school bc of snow .. in Wilmy . this is awesome ! hot chocolate and Smallville !! 
grrr , stupid pitt's system isn't entirely working with my account ... getting angry since OHH I dunno , classes have started there and I can't sign into what I need to get to the assignments ... hellllo drink . 
one class today , then OTH shoot for a couple hours to make that extra money ! 
sooo look for me , my brother , and JoyFace on episode 16 of OTH at the bar scene with the guys ... we're in it quite a bit ;) enjoyed my 8.5 hours , but back to reality and homework 
Getting my computer fixed/back today ... hopefully . Cross your fingers ! 
Still no computer ... buggers better call me . Way too much stuff to take care of ! One more class for the day , then looking around the house for more stuff to sell :/ 
you'd think if you spent an extra $15 on shipping to get something to you asap , it would arrive promptly ... no no . should have gotten my book yesterday annnnd they just shipped it today . bastards are basically making me fail 2 weeks worth of online classwork . thanks ! 
don't wanna , but I haveta :/ sooo much to do tonight 
First test/quiz of the semester ... with the same teacher I made my only B in last semester . Cross your fingers for meh ! 
so , if you ever order from ecampus.com rethink your purchase if you need it asap or ever . bc I ordered my book on the morning of the 19th , paid $15 for 2-day shipping , they processed it OUT of my account that day , didn't process the order until 11:40 pm on the 21st , and I won't be getting it until tomorrow by the END of the day ... 
Hoping that today is a better day . So far so good . 
earned an A on my first test for service marketing ! that's a relief . now , online tests and studying for a test tomorrow ... week of tests = boo ! 
frustrated ... once again . so tired of this bs from pitt cc and their staff ! 
wahoo ! finished with my taxes . now , I can study for the last test of the week and do my hw 
needs a day to rest SO badly . glad tests are over for the week , just one more class ... then it's the weekend ! 
oooh Monday , I hate you . classes 10-6 , then a little downtime to figure out some things . 
so tired . can't wait until this day is over so I can go home and take a nice nap 
so much to do tonight . where do I start ?! 
Wahoooo tax refund !!! I can breathe again :D 
another class , a test , another 2ish hour break , last class , home to eat , run , and crash ... oi long Monday . 
ok ... 2 hours to finish paper . zomg ! so tired 
Let's go DUKE !!!!! and enjoying some homemade pulled pork :) 
the boys did not disappoint !!!! 
... three more weeks ! SO much to do before then . 
... 19 days !!!!! Seems so close , yet , SO far away ! 
not even noon , and it's already a terrible day ... 17 more days 
thank you weather , now you're making me want spring break to come even faster !! eee , getting excited 
study ... paper ... study ... paper ... stu .. my head is spinning . been up since before 6am , have my 5-hour energy ready . need to be up by 8:30 . wahoo to a long night ahead of me ! 
tempted to take a nap before my next class at 5 now that my paper is finished , buuuut this online class's bs needs to be done by tonight . longer nappage when I get home !.. before I have to study for another test all night :/ 
ready to watch my possible debut on OTH hahh ! 
could use a good nap right now ... almost there . 10 days ' til Vegas !!!! 
... I scream my lungs out !! frustrated :/ 9 more days . breathe 
don't know what I put up with what I do .. I think my heart is just too big sometimes . restoring my itunes a little bit , doing some hw , then crashing . sigh 
little bit of homework , then Vegas planning !!! less than a week away :) 
3 . more . days !!! 
just a couple more days of the bs ... one more class for the day , errrrands , work 4-10 
less than 48 hours ... then freedom and a week of alcohol and fun with JoyFace !!!!!! 
tests finished for the week , one more class , one more night of work , then off to Las Vegas tomorrow afternoon !! it's so close 
Sitting at the airport in Vegas awaiting our flight for Chicago :( trip's already over . Boo . Back home around 9am , then the tiring drive back to Wilmy ... ugh 
still exhausted ... can't wait until Monday when I can have a night off . 
thanks fb for making it almost impossible to upload pictures 
Back to the grind again with a long day back . Classes until 6 , then grocery store because the house has no food ! 
quiz and mid-term completed for online class ... food shopping time ! 
assignments and a test to study for :/ I need sleeeeep 
ugh ... another test in this friggin class that I just . can't . concentrate . studying . for . too freakin tired !! I believe a nap is necessary for this beautiful afternoon when I get home . 
Happy St. < PROPFEMALE>'s Day !! 
sick , tired , it's pretty outside , and I have to work at 3 . crappy day :/ 
Graduation : May 6th ... seems like a lifetime away !! 
it's a gorgeous and uber breezy day . enjoying my 2 hours of waiting , until my next class , outside :) 
thinking about all of the things that I need to take care of ... * sigh * hope this class is short today 
class , beach , then downtown for some good food . good day :) 
6 more weeks and all of this emotional bs will be over with .. for the most part . 
Test today , take care of more bs , then working . Another great day in the mix . 
mini-paper finished , now some r&r with the pillow for a few hours 
only 26 more payments left on my car ... it seems so close yet , so far . 
hello hellish week ... is it Saturday yet ? 
3rd test to do today , thankfully it's a take-home part of the test from last week . then , sleepy time :) 
looked out the window 5 minutes ago and it was fairly < PROPFEMALE > , now it's gray skies and pouring ... wth ? whatever , at least it's my day off and good napping weather :) 
taking care of things so I am not stressed out too much this weekend . feels good :) hopefully getting that interview for my project done today 
mmm moscato and cheap accessory ebay shopping for the new phone ! 
loooong night ahead of me . it has only just begun :( 
3 hours and 47 questions later , I'm finished with the 4th test of the full week . Now , to review the interview questions for tomorrow and an assignment due for class at 10 :/ 
sigh , much to do today and not going to enjoy any of it 
exactly one month away until graduation ! time to get down to business 
2 pages down ... probably another 2 pages to go , then designing a worksheet ?? ugh . I did this to myself , but it will be worth it when I hit that pillow tonight !! 
finished !! naptime before class at 11:30 
long day ahead of me . I just wanna take a nap . 
I <3 Tuesdays . I can breathe a little better now ... one class today , then off to work 
still feelin woozy ... don't remember it being this bad :/ bed soon with a day off tomorrow !! 
this would be the perfect time to put muh stuff on craigslist ! hah last class isn't until 5 , then one more big assignment to do for the day . 
hour and a half left to finish this lame assignment , then relaxing time ! 
finished with the online class except for the final , my econ class except for the last test , and my bus seminar class except for the final test :D so close I can feel it !!! 
Nice long weekend ahead :) then a hellish week afterwards 
Happy Birthday Joy !!! Off to < PROPMALE > to celebrate , then back home to drink a little hah . 
one exam today , work til 10:30 , take home test , sleeeep !! 10 more days :) 
easy-ish day today ... many things to do before next week rolls around , though ! 
Completely finished with that stupid online class !! Now , one more take home on Monday ( third take home in a week for 1 class ... lame ) and I will be finished !!! 
It's a Moscato and Movie night ... bc after this week , it's beyond necessary . 
finished ... now what ?! SLEEP !!! 
