vary bord someone save me 

had a good day and hopes for more like it 
is bord and pissed ...... o well thats life 
is a happy howling clam 
had 1 of those days that he shouldnt have gotten out of bed 
same as yesterday just a new day of the week 
is bord as hell need a change in life 
is a cute little howling clam 
is happy to be a american ..... maybe 
found out that he sucks ...... 
is going to sleep angry like always ..... I wonder what i could change in life for the better 
woke up somewhat refreshed ..... 
is happy i guess 
uhg like always 
is vary sad but see's the world for what it is iv lost a importan part of my life but was it for the better i may never kno if things could have bin the way i wanted them to be but its for the better .... 
is a happy howling clam ...... with a full < PROPFEMALE > 
is happy but needs things to do 
is bord again 
u kno what life sucks i dont wanna talk to ppl that dont have time for me and i really done wanna talk to those that i try to talk to but fail 
is as happy as a clam in a oven in july .... ahrooooooooo 
lizzy and me are two clams in a clam box ..... arhoooooooo go's the < PROPFIRST > clam 
misses his little love muffin and hopes shes alright 
Is bord and wants a change 
is bord of what his life has become and knows that its not working out 
why do ppl lie to cover up what they really feel im tired of hearing the false words and all the lies that follow 
i think im ganna go to solmonpond mall any takers i need to empty my head 
is fighting a losing war 
had fun at the movies went to see 9 everyone u need to see it NOW !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
is bord 
cant wait till sunday and is sleepy 
yay my 2 year anniversary i love my lizzy pie 
is making plans YAY plans 
FML ......... Why wont I ever amount to anything . 
im a flaming clam ...... save me lhyzi pie 
im sleepy and its almost 1:30 ..... thats bad 
Im bord ..... and pissed off 
is f***ing awsome tonight 
same Bull Sh ** different day .... seems too be a patern 
Bord .... someone save me !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
another exuse to do what u want thats all i hear 
im tired of the way things work around here . theres little that i kno and even less thats the truth ..... o well that wont change now will it . 
life is BS ... i want a change and i think ill make one soon . 
bord again . 
anyone doing anything tomarrow ? 
really bord todays sucks so much !!!!!!!!!!! no hope for a better day the way things are going .. 
this is BULLSH*T 
no point in trying anymore im done with getting lied to . 
is feeling better now ... Love you lizzy your my cuddle < PROPFEMALE > 
bord yet again 
is thinking life could be better ....... 
so bord and alone atm want to do something with someone :( 
sweetness im kicking-but in black ops AK47+supressor+Dot Sight+Hardcore TD = GOD 
love it im bord again 
wondering if ill be able to do every thing today ....... 
had 1/2 hour of sleep last night and needs some thing to do today ..... I think im starting to care more and more about the problems in my life and question why am i still doing what im doing if this is were im at :( 
GODZILA !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
im so cool that my dog has a facebook now and i didnt even make it lol 
i dont even wanna try to fix stuff anymore it just happens again and again 
im super fly for a white guy 
im to sexy for my shirt to sexy for my shirt to sexy it hurts 
Lets see how forthcoming my facebook friends are . Leave a one-word comment that you think best describes me using the THIRD letter of YOUR name . It can only be one word . No more than one word . Then copy and paste this post on your wall so I can leave a word about you 
is alittle confused as to what is going on ...... 
and so starts all the sleepless nights of rocking back and forth ..... :'( 
kinda had a fun day after this morning lol met new ppl 
bord atm thinking of hanging out with ppl but need my landry done first ( no pants ) LOL 
life is BS cant get anything done and cant do anything right by other peoples standerds 
im having a good day so far good weather and hope it stays that way for a bit 
Bord ATM need something to do lol 
Trying to get a apartment and it could happen soon im so happy just need to wait a week for a phone call :) but then i need to wait two weeks to move in :( but ill have a apartment so its all good CANT WAIT lol and im also kinda bord atm 
Still waiting for the phone call to know if we have the apartment ..... Kinda scared of what the answer could be . :( 
well have to wait another week for an answer for the apartment ...... MEGA STUPID :( 
dont kno whats ganna happen next :( 
going out and having fun for once :) be gone all night cya 
WOOT the apartment is ours score 1 for team good 
is happy that things are starting to get better YAY .... soon all dreams will be made real :) 
need plans for tomorrow .... any ideas 
is wondering what to do about tomorrow only time will tell ..... 
waiting for the green light to start the move if not sooner then the 15th wish it wasnt 5 days away :( 
is nothing but a love machine 
......... speachless ..... 
whos super cool ? me ? awesome 
yay i have a home phone tv and internet AWESOME 
im super sexy just look at my profile pic it does me justice :) 
It doesn't really seem I'm getting through to you\ 
Though I see you weeping so sweetly\ 
I think that you might have to take another taste\ 
A little bit of hell this time 
:( 
life is getting vary upsetting 
going out to do something to keep me busy hope all is well 
is super asian man 
Has lost something dear and will never be the same ... In loving memory 
today is a sofar so good day 
i feel like crap i now kno how things will be for now on and i dont like it but at some point i need to let go when that will be ill never kno .... 
i feel even more like crap now then ever in my life there must be a good answer but i dont see it :'( 
i see that when one thing gets better another thing falls apart and you kno what i cant fix everything i can try and try again but i think im not the kind person i use to be and i think everyone can see it and that sucks im losing the people closest to me . NOT COOL !!!!! 
Things are better but other things seem to pop up in there stead I wish I had answers to everything but I can only watch as some get worse . I wish for the best and should prepare for the worst if there is a god why are things so fucked up in life 
YAY better days :) 
is sleepy finaly and needs to tune the world out for a bit but not possible atm .... 
had a strange dream that seemed real but idk how to place something like that as being real lol 
need to get a bigger airconditioner for the apt 
woot we now have 2 air conditioners in the apartment ! 
hmmm needs to think if i can do what im thinking lol 
is having a awesome day sofar hope it stays that way and howl but is at our house today :) 
i is bord and needs to find something to do :( 
has no plans for the day :( 
no holds bars im going all out :) 
so what do i do next ? 
i may go to boston on saterday :) maybe meet some new ppl 
boston looks great now hope i live that long 
suckin on my tities like u wantting me calling me look at my cushy behind 
dazed and confused 
I wanna be a millionaire so fucking bad buy all the things i never had 
dont know what to think anymore dont kno up from down , left from right , right from wrong , good from bad .... is there even anyway of doing things right or good , or will it all end in failure like it seems to be im getting tired of trying to fix what has boke over and over again . whats the answer that i seek but cant find something must work out some were it cant suck all the time .... can it ? 
is pissed so bad 
is cool :) 
is not hungover from last night just seeing the world how it really is 
if today gets worse then im out 
is having a good day atm 
im super cool and going to a party tonight :) 
is wondering what to do today 
is alittle pissed off and hates the world .... 
Ice Cream :) 
is bord yet again 
is having a half shitty day 
is cool and has a cute little hat :D 
had food was good :) 
i love this photo :) 
is having a fun time with my brother . 
is hanging out with friends and watching someone play madden 11 awesome game 
is now bord again :( 
is to sexy for his hat 
What are friends but people that only have time to do things when its best for them and what are friends that cant live a bad moment down . 
is to sexy for his pants :) to sexy for his pants :) 
floppy fish come from the floppapagose river 
im awesome :) weeeeeeeeeee 
wow so much for having good times lol 
is bord yet again and is getting tired of stupid things :( 
is finding things to do . anyone wanna do something tomorrow ? 
peanut power !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! crunch no they killed johny he was just a boy !!!!!!!!! 
awwww im a cuttie muffin :) 
is compleatly out of it ...... :( 
sexual herasment panda :D 
so fucking bord 
well today became one of the least productive days EVER !!!!! 
i want to make ppl happy and im failing 
is wondering what to be for holloween 
i know what im being for holloween but i need to make it so it mite not be done in time :( 
three years of going at it and and still we love each other . three years of of fighting and still we love each other . what i wish for is three more years to make things better for us ...... Love you lizzy and always will . 
i feel like a retard :( 
i feel really slutty tonight 
is trying to swim in the ocean of life 
is kinda bord and is wondering what to do with the rest of today 
Deathspank i need $10 to buy on PS3 network 
is super fly and is downloading the new C&C game 
is vary bord and had depression building :( oh well nothing to do about it and no way to solve it soon 
is getting ready for tomorrow :) 
i am a clam above all others 
hmmm need to think of what to make to eat tonight 
is alittle depressed about the future ... need to think and follow through with it . 
is playing MAG for the PS3 and damn there is alot of players 
is thinking of buying one of four games KZ2 , COD black ops , COD MW2 or COD MW1 ..... many choices and all on the PS3 so im at a loss on what to get 
well i got all the games but COD Black Ops and COD MW2 
im bord im looking at the tv and all i see is downloading game settings for the past 5 mins 
well found out i have a virus and that i was close to dehydration almost had a IV incerted into my arm and it only took 1 hour to get into the docs office even with a app 
YAY im feeling much better .... for now . 
Good times shooting ppl in battlefield bad company 2 
so hungry need food :( 
well as for tonight it wasnt that bad . < PROPMALE > out with a friend and watched Avatar . im thinking of going on a diet ... i eat way too much and not right things any idea's for a good diet and good work out plan thats not over kill ? 
is kinda bord and vary sleepy but cant sleep :( 
xmas is 3 days away and i have a virus and strep throat this really sucks 
is so bord atm 
so i bought 2 LARGE pizza's at like 9:00 PM its all gone now :( 
well im ganna say this on xmas < PROPFEMALE > but marry christmas to all my friends and family 
( Clam Clam Clam ) Were is my love < PROPFEMALE > ( Clam Clam Clam ) Im all alone :( 
( Clam Clam Clam ) Still no love < PROPFEMALE > ( Clam Clam Clam ) I think love < PROPFEMALE > doesnt want to be with Clam . :'( 
YAY i was snuggling my < PROPFEMALE > for 4 hours :) ( im a happy Clam ) 
is kinda sleepy but hate how there is a shitload of snow outside of my door . 
I need something to do today even tho there is alot of snow on the ground . 
well started out a game 15-3 and ended 18-11 LOL good start bad finish 
Im alittle lost in the world now . But like everyone says i should move on and hope for a better tomorrow . I look over to see a empty bed . Even if i was just a roommate to her why draw all those drawing and say I love you everyday when she woke up smilling at me . Was it all a lie ? how can i forget someone that ment so much to me but then again how could she forget me .... 
well damn cleaning up around the place takes alot of time but i finished the living room and the kitchen and alittle of the bathroom next the bedroom lots of stuff every were . so far 2 trashbags are full damn i think ill need 2 more for the bedroom . 
woot Despicable Me is great vary funny ! 
WOW Diner for Schmucks was awesome !!!! everyone needs to watch it . 
The Other Guys great line like 10 mins into the movie 
i want a adult . lol kinda bord downloading songs someone call and save me from bordoms grip 
well lets see there is ganna be alot of snow tomorrow i hope everyone that needs to leave there house to drive safe . 
im having a rough night right now i have heavy depression and oddly the only person that i think can talk to me enough to make me feel alittle better so i can sleep isnt answering . 
i wish i got a sign from god like < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > got ..... :D 
im sad 
i want to hug you and to look into your eyes and never feel pain again 
standing not a option what do i do ? 
oh god im lisening to an angry rapper ... we are all dead !!!! 
holy crap i found a cold glass of milk and drank it then wondered were it came from 
im kinda bord right now . 
happy hat away :( 
ok this is the list of resent songs\ 
fallin ' by < PROPFEMALE > keys\ 
fortunate son by creedance clearwater revival\ 
have u ever seen the rain ? by creedance clearwater revival\ 
war by < PROPMALE > starr\ 
were the hood at by DMX\ 
ruff ryders ' anthem by DMX\ 
x gon ' give it to ya by DMX\ 
party up by DMX\ 
\ 
tell me WTF was i thinking 
i need sleep more fun tomorrow i hope see ya and < PROPMALE > remember ( < PROPMALE > ) WTF coppergunner .... ( Game ) Comrade Hostile Hind Incoming ... ( < PROPMALE > ) NO F***ING WAY ( Game ) Comrade Hostile Blackbird Incoming ... ( < PROPMALE > ) F *** this game ( Me ) dont worry it cant get worse ... ( Game ) Hostile Dogs Incoming .... ( < PROPMALE > ) F *** YOU < PROPFIRST > .... 
morrning bordom hits hard 
im super fly for a white guy . :D 
playing black ops with < PROPMALE > we are doing ok ... 
food soon and im cooking . Yum 
im kinda bord at the moment and i think its almost time for me to go to sleep ... 
im bord atm looking for something to do anyone wanna hangout ? 
YAY Enter The Dragon staring < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > is on 
Sweetness im kinda bord need to do alot of cleaning tomorrow :( 
well ends up i didnt clean at all and im kinda upset .... 
Im sexualy charged !!!!!!!!! 
ehhh vary bord 
what kind of world would this be if cruel and awfull things didnt happen ... 
well the long wait for perming chars in d2 awaits me lol 
heavy bordom any idea's ? 
is thinking of moving to waltham ... 
by any < PROPMALE > could a act of god get me to stay in < PROPMALE > that would be nice ... 
lol hancocks on tv so funny 
does anyone use the < PROPFEMALE > rule anymore ? 
CLEAN girble cage WOOT 
ok so im starting watching gundam wing epd 1 and damn this will take like all day to finish 
WTF when it rains it pours as most would say .... >:( 
i need to think about alot but im like Gragory House i need to bounce idea's off of ppl to feel like i understand all sides to the problem . oh well .... 
im wondering what to watch any idea's ? 
yay fix one of many problems and the day just started . 
is bord and looking for something to do ... 
can u fudderwacken ???? 
ok so im at the last week in the month and still i have no roommate hmmm vary upsetting ..... 
i think im to sexy for my shirt to sexy for my shirt .... but my room is frozen ... 
fucking hammered right now .... woot 
So far the movie Red is good :) 
so bord again ... but RED was vary good . 
< PROPFIRST > Damme in blood sport awesome movie :) 
thinking of something constructive to do ... 
ok so i was thinking if there was a apocalypse what could u do as a skill or trait lol and i wanna kno what u think i could do also for shits and giggles ... 
so much cleaning to do today ... 
Lord of war now playing :) 
laying down on my couch in my pj's watching a movie rolled up in a blanket im happy :) 
going sleding with < PROPFEMALE > Fraser tomorrow woot 
kinda sleepy 
seabass sucks baby carrot < PROPMALE > 
oh god AWESOME night fucking little basterd for showing up at the last 30 mins of it ... and is vary drunk right now :) 
kicked justins ass in buzz the triva game 3 out of 4 times LOL 
just woke up LOL 
hmmmm what to do tomorrow ? 
just alittle bord atm . hope tomorrow is better then today . 
well fell out side for the first time this winter ..... 
i think i wanna move to somewere in europe at some point in my life . maybe soon ? 
anyone wanna donate to the antimugging you fund ? 
well i guess < PROPFIRST>'s day does suck why do i feel so stupid ... 
Niggaz wanna try , niggaz wanna lie\ 
Then niggaz wonder why , niggaz wanna die\ 
All I know is pain\ 
All I feel is rain\ 
How can I maintain , with madd shit on my brain\ 
I resort to violence , my niggaz move in silence\ 
Like you don't know what our style is\ 
New York niggaz the wildest 
kinda bord and is wondering if i still have plans tomorrow ? 
had a GOOD night another ahead maybe ? 
so bord atm really wanna do something :( 
vary fun night hope for a fast recovery 
I is bord atm and kinda sleepy 
so yea busy day tomorrow .. i feel tired just thinking about tomorrow . 
so far today is good . got food and is hanging out with friends later tonight WOOT 
i feel like everyone is getting sick well to all those that are i hope u feel better . 
blade < PROPFEMALE > the part were he gos into the dracula store . lol 
OMG SPACE JAM IS ON AT 5:00 YES 
sexualy charged !!!!! 
i noticed im more Animalistic around the full < PROPFEMALE > . ( even tho it was a week ago ) 
watching The Crow ( great movie ) 
Great time in CT thank you < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > Park we had alot of fun :) 
so anyways ganna be free till around 9:00 so any idea's ? 
god family guy is really funny tonight . 
< PROPFIRST > Park and < PROPFIRST > Murphy ninja pissing contest ended in a fail ..... 
kinda bord atm and sleepy 
well thinking back on what happend tonight funny names were given to all the bowlers with us . \ 
< PROPFIRST > largenazi\ 
felt hersnatch\ 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > iii\ 
< PROPFEMALE > dinerfshmucks\ 
muff cabbage\ 
mega soreass\ 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > 
so yea two days ago i was watching rolemodels and had the restart it 3 times . damn that was annoying lol 
started watching Corpse Bride . i love this movie . 
waiting on friends then pregame my place WOOT 
kinda bord and have nothing to do today . :( 
well leaving at 12:00 for my brothers house cant wait to see him 
im back had a good time at my bros house :) looking for something to do for the rest of the day and most of the week 
plans are in the works :) 
i smell like a god .... LOVE IT 
i am super sexy . 
it's all about mind over matter , We no longer mind cus you no longer matter . HBR 
why dont you make like a tree and get the fuck out . BDS 
so far a kinda uneventfull day :( 
gag 
5-1 beer pong bitchies 
woot i have food !!!!!! 
i feel like cooking tonight and i have samon or steak tips so i wondering what to make and who to invite .... 
last night was good this tuseday i have a good amount of stuff to do :( 
Fucking Smart 
thinking of getting a tattoo but i still cant think of what to get 
Dont hate the player hate the game niggas 
yup smell like a god . lifes good . 
so much pain .... 
super awesome birthday awesome tomorrow ... FUCK YEA 
Thank You everyone for the birthday wishes it was a nice birthday . 
fun time in boston ...... 
sup ppl of the night were are u ? 
oh yea smell like a god again 
Ich hoffe , meine ganze Familie geht es gut . 
the duct tape i bought smells like crap .... WHY ? 
<('-')> 
hail to the < PROPMALE > baby . 
Were the white woman at ? 
God hates everyone equaly ... execpt the jews . < PROPFIRST > Park 
Got my mind on my money and my money on my mind . 
i just got my new hair cut im ganna get some lady tonight !!!!! and if they dont want this then they are gesha . 
awesomeness here . to those that got the text we have drinks but bring more lol 
super sexy :) 
just got done dancing at the PC . awesome !!!! 
well going to see suckerpunch tonight at the solomonpond mall . sweetness !!!! 
Suckerpunch was good !!!! 
so yea tomorrow is the big day i hope all gos well i need to finish making some calls today then tomorrow should be all in order . WOOT !!!!!! 
single or not , put this as your status and see what you get inboxed . \ 
:) = i want a relationship\ 
: $ = i'm falling for you\ 
:D = hug me next time i see you\ 
? = i really like you\ 
............ :p = i miss you\ 
:] = you're really sexy/beautiful/gorgeous\ 
XD = i wanna be your friend\ 
: # = i want you\ 
;D = kiss me\ 
:)) = you're cuteSee More 
well move in date is wensday instead ( damn cleaning ladies ) 
HELL YES !!!!! i have phone and internet in my new apt now !!!! 
fun day trip to CT . hope to have fun tomorrow maybe ? 
who want to make a jart ? 
woot minor food shopping then idk after ... 
WOW i fell asleep for three hours damn ..... well i need to find something to do to work off the energy i got from three hours of sleep :( 
well im pissed when i got home from work i saw a lady beating there husky because it was howling ..... 
well waiting for my family then starting diner :) 
i will have to say i am doing well for myself . Winning !!!! 
is the MAN !!!!!! suck it haters ..... 
What would you do if you only had 30 days left to live ? \ 
i dont think i would do anything different and then just die , but i would only wanna tell one person if i really had 30 days left ...... 
Hail to the < PROPMALE > baby , Crouching mutain hidden pipe bomb , Dance for me baby , You tal < PROPMALE > to me !?!? Now you see me .... Now your dead , Im not ganna fight you .. Im ganna kick your ass !!! Take that you dirty rat , Dont get your panties all in a bunch , Groovy , Theres only two ways this can end , OOO thats ganna leave a mark . \ 
he is a GOD amongst little boys ...... 
im hungry think ill go get some takeout .... but were ? 
I wish i could put up some pics from a awesome night not to long ago but there vary bad pics LOL 
Your Highness was fucking funny as hell !!! 
WOOT my cusin is getting married :) 
Fucking Smart !!!! 
well i stumbled enough for one night .... SO GOOD !!!! hope for good things tomorrow at the doctor's ....... 
Depression hurts .... ill bounce back just take some time . and i feel like dancing but im alone and thats borring . 
im ganna sex you up bitches !!!!! 
watching some movies . wondering about the facts of life ? 
What do we ever have to show for our past deeds when the time comes . Will you all beg for forgiveness or own up to what you have done . I have seen people lie and cheat there way through life others worked hard and told the truth but who will really be forgiven ? Not I 
I feel like I need to reavalueate what I need in life . I feel like im led a stray by others who dont care or are incappable of showing it . I will over come and know whats right for me . 
super bord atm need to finish laundry tho . 
bring on the night ..... 
Wow dose shit hit the fan fast . Im thinking of all the things i have said in my life time and how they all amount to nothing to those that matter . 
whos up for football ? 
good day tore up the field and did alot of productive things 
Indestructible\ 
Determanation that is incorruptible\ 
From another side , a terror to behold\ 
Annihilation will be unavoidable\ 
Every broken enemy will know\ 
That there opponent had to be invicible\ 
Take a last look around while your alive\ 
I'm an indestructible master of war ! 
got plans ? 
had a fun night . have a good 4/20 everyone !!!! 
well just got back from being lost in the woods for three hours with < PROPFIRST > Park . 
well watching Kingdom of Heaven .. good movie ! 
well anyways waiting for my drinking partner ......... 
what is everyone up to for today ? 
im getting pissed at my comp its turning the screen off and not reponding after i use youtube for some reason ... 
ok i think i need a new profile pic .... 
BUREAUCRACY : You have two cows . At first the government regulates what you can feed them and when you can milk them . Then it pays you not to milk them . Then it takes both , shoots one , milks the other and pours the milk down the drain . Then it requires you to fill out forms accounting for the missing cows . \ 
CAMBODIAN COMMUNISM : You have two cows . The government takes both of them and shoots you . 
bord atm waiting and idk why ..... 
Ok this is awesome im playing OLD SCHOOL Twisted Metal for the PSone Fuck Yea !!!!! 
To maintain a good relationship whats needed ? \ 
respect , trust and comunication ..... \ 
Can anyone provide such things ? 
So yea .... im vary bord and dont know what to do with my day off tomorrow . maybe ill go somewere ? 
being super sexy and lissening to Superbeast by < PROPMALE > Zombie .... need to find something to do on such a nice day . 
What does the night hold ? 
I soon will be in Whilmington . Partying with my brother .. Beerpong champions 
So apperently getting shit tossed by a undead army is a reward in fable 3 ?!?!?!?!?! 
Is up to no good ... But has a good amount of work lined up for later this week . 
i feel like getting a pizza :( 
just got the game bully sounds good so far . 
got alot of stuff to do today but yay for getting paided !!! 
well now i need to find something to do maybe a little get together with some people ? 
Shower then out maybe ? 
is it a good day for sports ? i wanna do something outside . 
Why is it that i can be one of the smartest people when im drunk .... thats upsetting i aparently can explain the meaning of life and give insight that the person never thought of .. but only when im drunk . I wish i could talk like that when im sober . 
well lets see what today has in store . shall we ? 
woot for food . 
woot just got one of my favoret songs on my ipod 
I think im ganna wonder the wasteland for a bit then go shot some zombies .... 
Back to the Wasteland and killing freaks :) and i have a can opener i will live longer .... 
Kings and Pawns , Emperors and Fools ..... 
kinda bord atm ... need a movie maybe . 
i maybe a little buzzed and may have said some awefull things ... 
im kinda bord atm but vary hungry and sleepy what should i do first ? 
you better back that thing up ! 
Baby It's simple youll be a nympho ill be a nympho got the magic stick , I ; m the love doctor you friends teasin you bout how sprung i gotcha . 
Riddle me this . Who did i meet that i conversated with and you became interested in me ? ( Girls ) 
Pwnd 
howie felter snatch 
going out with friends to watch game 7 GO BRUINS !!!!! 
fuck yea bruins win 1-0 nice game 
feeling good . im to sexy !!! 
interesting .... i was born on a full < PROPFEMALE > ????? no wonder im odd . 
favorate quote of the day . by < PROPFIRST > Park . What the fuck < PROPFIRST > did you do coke all night your hyper and you havent slept . 
i feel like a starving African kid 
Homefront Marksman :) 
I like my violence like i like my beer ....... Domestic 
well got nothing to do . i guess sleep is the only option . 
The gift of imortality is being able to perfect anything you put your heart to for the rest of time . The cures is you lose everyone after a small bit of time compaired to the rest of time . I would pay that price again and again if i could because if i loved for at least one second it was worth all of time . 
sup son 24-4 . Dont mess with this ..... 
damn second night in worcester at a club there nice but damn the drinks are alot .... 
bordom riddles my mind tonight . i wish i wasnt bord and had something good to do other then watch movies :( 
did you order a cheeseburger ? 
I need to have a intelligent conversation with someone i feel the need to be smart today . 
Epic Blue Screen on my comp it lived tho to tell the tale lol 
i think sleep is in order soon and for some reason unlimited is that to my cell phone i ran out of texts and i was on a unlimited plan ...... thats bullshit so untill i get it fixed i cant get or send text . 
looks like fun . \ 
LMS for ;\ 
[] Your attractive\ 
[] Your beautiful\ 
[] Your cute (: \ 
[] Your one of my close friends ? \ 
[] I love you\ 
[] Can I get your number ? \ 
[] We need to chill\ 
[] We need to talk more\ 
[] I don't really know you\ 
[] Let's try again ? \ 
[] I miss you\ 
[] I used to like you\ 
[] I like you\ 
[] I'd date you\ 
[] I'd smash\ 
I dare you to make this your status so I can like it 
Nice picked up two blue rays for 17$ in all , brand new !!! Termanator Salvation and Gangs of New York . 
Well how is the world today ? 
1 1/2 hours till i leave to get my game :) 
Hail to the < PROPMALE > baby !!!! 
That was one sexy game !!!!! Good game bruins . 
I feel pain , physcal and mental but only the mental pain hurts so much as to stagger me and bring me to my knees . Iv bin stabbed beatten and more , still i stand but when i hear those words its like all that has bin done to me over time physically hits me with more force then a atom bomb . ( this is not about anyone ) This is what i feel inside everyday of my life . 
My life has bin marked with ups and downs but what we all should know is what to do when you fall . Get up and try again thats all you can do , Giving up will never get you what you want . Sometimes you need to fight for what you beleive in even if its a losing battle because every fall gives us the experince to learn what not to do next time and from that experince we become the person everyone knows us for . 
i guess im free monday then . :) 
What a awesome day it is out . i need to go for more walks today . 
I noticed that i can be animalistic at times and i think pets can see that . Oh well as long as i have food i think everyone is safe . lol 
this is a repost but it made me laugh . for those that arnt friends with this person . \ 
Guys Funny Dirty pick up lines 69 . What winks and fucks like a tiger ? ( Wink ) 
Yay food is here and is entering my tummy 
damn on my so called lunch break and i dont have food i really need to stop forgeting to go food shopping . 
Im free from work for today damn rain makes it suck alot when working . 
What is life without conflict ? How would you learn whats wrong without pain ? I fight for a life that i can be proud of . Is that worth anything to others ? Dout it but it means the world to me and i will give my last breath if it means i am able to see one moment of my dream . I will not fall now , I will not falter , I will overcome and i will transcend all the pain . I will be reborn again someday . 
yay went food shopping . i dont know how i lived for two weeks without food . 
Had a good time hanging out with friends today , all is going well and i hope for it to continue to get better . 
i feel old looking at some of the songs i like or bands iv seen in concert .... 
for once in like 2 weeks im going to be alone for the rest of the night . its kinda refreshing and depressing at the same time . and i have no work tomorrow . well i guess its a movie marathon then .... wish i had some new movies lol 
Well looks like today maybe a good day to have some stuff to do early tonight . 
Well got back from a 2 hour long walk with my husky ( love him to death ) next on the list of things to do ??? Damn food ...... had so much fun with him forgot to eat today lol 
Have you ever said something that you regreted at the time and found out it opened a door to a new begining that you thought was never possible ? well i felt that today it really did open a door to what i thought was failure . maybe i should take more chances ? I feel more at peace with what i have done in life then ever for all my life . 
Why do I keep the beast at bay we both want the same thing but in a different forms . Is it because i feel like if I was that person it wouldnt be me but just a knock off of most men . I choose to be a real man in my eyes and defend those that need it , to be a gentlemen and help women in times of need and be a good friend when they need it . But i feel like my life is filled with a dark loneliness . 
well time to go out and find some stuff to do .... maybe go see big boy again . :) 
Had a fun time with .... The Fluff . :) 
Well i guess all good things must end my $1500 laptop is on the < PROPMALE > . this sucks that means i can try to get it fixed or get a new one ..... hard choice if i got a new one it would be alot of money . 
Wow my gerbil is being VARY noisy .... i feel like saying dont make me come over there but i know he will be worse . lol 
hmm i need to start writting soon i havent done so in many years .... its always hard to start a story to get those first few lines down to catch people . well might as well try . hope i dont lose track of time again . 
kinda sleepy didnt get a good amount of sleep and had things on my mind . maybe ill take a nap man i feel like a old man taking naps in the afternoon . 
i think i wanna get away from the states for a bit maybe go back to germany to see family for a bit . 
cooking Salmon and there is alot so if anyone wants come on by ( i dont make home delliverys well maybe to a lucky few ) 
Well i have thought about it and im ganna stay and work some more so i can buy a place maybe in another country . 
Your eyes no longer see , life's reality \ 
Push the needle in , face death's sickly grin \ 
Holes are in your skin , caused by deadly pin \ 
Head starts spinning round , you fall down to the ground \ 
Feel your body heave , Death's hands starts to weave \ 
It's too late to turn , you don't want to learn \ 
Price of life you cry , now you're gonna die ! 
does anyone know if the PC is still doing the beerpong tournament on wensday ? 
i guess im ganna try to sleep 
I forgot the plans i made for today so if you see this and its with you text my cell . 
Home now and damn its hot out . :( was ganna walk the howl but its way to hot for him . 
Well today kinda turned out borring so far to bad its hot as hell out i want to walk more , maybe its time to just relax and kill some noobs in Homefront havent done that in awhile .... 
so yea super fly for a white guy .... :) 
?????? Sie toujours ?? semper vontade 
well today is hot as hell out . Im kinda sleepy because of all the walking i did today and .... i need new shoes :( they were good shoes but i guess they only lasted 2 years . 
Have you seen the power of the human heart at its greatest ? I will know I have felt that way once , But for now I think its a dark loneliness i feel now and the urge to learn to understand all around me . 
My life has bin filled with its ups and downs its pains and pleasures . I wish for a time that is of happiness and a feeling of greatness as i try to atone for past problems i cant but help to feel that they will come back to haunt me . I will always be running from what i am and never find a happy thought that isnt followed by remorse . The love I gave was never enough , will it ever be for another ? 
what a day i feel like going for a long and relaxing walk but i feel like i dont want to do that in a town/city environment i want to walk in the woods maybe and relax and be at peace . but i dont have the means to get to the woods i want to walk in atm . :( 
What is on my mind ? 
I have lived my life in fear of how others react to what i say or do but i feel like sometimes what i say or do defines me but then if i hold back so i dont scare or upset people then what am i really ? Were do i fit am i like all the other people in this world or is it true that everone is unique then why do i see alot of people that look or are the same mindless drones i think i like being unique . 
So sad im watching The Last Samurai so much Honor and such a loss . 
Looks like im heading to worcester tonight for the burnouts and clubing . lets have a fun night that none of us will remember . 
So yea i was hit on by middle aged house wifes and devorcies at club fusion ..... i feel really old now and was hopping i would meet someone that shared my intreast but wrong again . i need to go to a goth bar LOL maybe ill find someone emotional there that wants a relationship . 
So yea went to see my dog and was going to take him for a walk and i said he looks awefull so i sat there for a good 30 mins and tried to comb all the lose fur out of him , at the end i had a bag full of fur from one side of his body i will continue tomorrow .... when i have time . 
well off to Whilmington soon to help my bro with his cookout . Damn i wish i had more sleep but maybe if i eat ill feel better lol 
Well im back and im watching Season of the Witch . so far so good . 
So all in all it was a good day hungout with my bro saw fam that i havent seen in awhile and got to eat good food :) now im just kinda waiting till night so i can sleep . 
well im going to try to go to sleep my mind needs a night off for once .... 
Yay awake now bin asleep for 14 hours ..... wow time flys when your sleeping . 
Damn im now home after a kinda long day . It was enjoyable too , Realized what is most important in life to me ... Time to start working towards it . 
So Long Gay Boys . < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Cummings 
i noticed that the newmans orange mango tango juice is like drugs i cant get enough of it . lol 
Well id have to say that taking a cold shower never felt so good . To bad i cant get the other thing done . :( 
Well it looks like logic is out the window when people think of things now days ... Really smarten up people . Try to use some part of your brain when making decisions . Did you know that there is a 46% < PROPMALE > of divorce in the United States , So really dont fall in love because they give you things or look good try seeing if there is even a real connection and then build from there trust is needed . 
Wow got so bord im doing the Underdome in Borderlands and im doing the 20 Rounds im on 11 this is ganna take while . lol 
Woot finished all 20 rounds in 2/3 of the arenas 1 more to go and it didnt take me 2 days this time lol 
I wonder what i should do today its thursday so i know what im doing from 6-10 but after is a whole different plan and before to ... :( 
why cant 5:00 come around faster i did everything i can to make time fly but its like a kite that a kid is trying to pull but keeps dragging on the ground .... :( 
Well im deciding to attempt the last arena in borderlands if i do ill be at it all night .... 
Fuck you mad moxxi its not fair to make it so i have no shields and its the fucking badass wave that like trying to pole volt without a pole you cant do it . and it doesnt help that all the enemys are my level with buffs .... I swear if there is at any point a < PROPMALE > to kill you i will .... 
thinking of doing something today . But it looks like the sky is going to be my biggest opponent . Well maybe something will find me then . 
Woot its a nice day out wonder what i should do ? I think im going to see my child ... lol 
Well im kinda happy with the alone time i have right now . 
I noticed that life can be as short as a second for some and as long as one hundred years for others , Iv seen people struggling to meet a goal without any reassurance of success , Iv seen other people continue the same old routine because they think its best and that there is nothing better even tho they are suffering from what they perpetuate . My conclusion We are a lost cause 
Well the empty hole in today that bordom is filling needs something else im going out to find it .... So long Gay Boys .. 
Well i have bin playing a modded D2 for about two days now and i have to say they did a good job and its really fun .... and hard :) 
woot home made cookies . Yum still warm too . :) 
Well if all gos as planed i will be a Master Electrician , But it will take time . Woot one of my grand goals will be compleat soon . :) 
The pursuit of happiness can be a long and lonely road but its worth it if you can stay the course and over come all the hurt because you will find someone that finds you perfect in a imperfect world and will treasure every waking moment they spend with you . Good luck to all those that are in search of love . 
fucking heat is a killer !!! 
I feel good today kinda liked the alone time , was able to regain my inteligence after all the awful stuff i watched last night . Thank you < PROPMALE > Asdrubal Pozo maybe the second time watching the guy being burned alive was not the greatest thing to see late at night . 
I feel like becoming an urban ninja getting ninja darts and when someone J walks throw one at the telephone pole with a note saying . ( Use the crosswalks or the next time im aiming for you ! signed Urban Ninja ) 
i have a really awful headache i feel sick too . wtf i never get sick .... 
Well simply put i am going to explode with awesome happiness . :) 
False Happiness replaced with Real Sadness . I kinda wanna sleep even tho its Way to early ... 
Real Sadness turned into Unrelenting Anger for all those that never heed my words and continue down the path of suffering that they inflict upon themselves with thoughts of false happiness . Smarten up people if your life sucks dont complain then continue doing the same thing . Change things for the better ! 
Well Feeling better now had good food and good conversations wish life was like this all the time but it isnt . :( 
I feel extremely bord with my life . I think im going to see my child to cheer me up . 
My child < PROPMALE > Murphy hes so cute , love him to much . :) 
well more depressing news the closest gamestop doesnt take PS2 games anymore so i need to drive to hudson if i want to trade in anygames :( 
I is sleepy and need to think long and hard on somethings . Oh and my cell is off if u need me call my house if u have it or FB message me . 
Well my Opponents did a poor job at stopping me in Homefront .... Poor bastards 36 people fell to me and only got me 5 times .... 
My eyes no longer see the world as it once was , I cant be blinded by false happiness . I know what I want and damn all those that stand in my way I will conquer any challenge , Overcome any obstacle and if needs be Die for my own Cause . 
Well time for bed and hope for a better tomorrow for everyone . Good night all 
I had a vary odd dream that felt real and alot of bad stuff happend to me . I'm kinda scared that it maybe the future . 
Had a vary true conversation recently about how \Good Guys\ " are never wanted by women they enjoy being treated like shit more . If thats the case then id have to say people are hopeless if they need drama or a struggle to feel like they are happy with the person they are datting . " 
well cant wait for tomorrow im ganna be gone for the weekend and fuck yea phone is ganna be turned off mostlikely . I need this time to relax and i wont let anyone get in the way . 
Well sleep is needed now . 
Home and kinda relaxing . looking for a movie or game on the PSN to get . 
The Police and < PROPMALE > Kong aint got shit on me . ( Denzel Washington , Training Day ) 
I feel like being Romantic but I dont have a GF thats depressing . Any takers ? lol :) 
looks like sleep is needed good night . 
Well time to hit the old < PROPFIRST > trail ...... 
Im going to be a Uncle .... Kinda scared im not good around kids . lol 
Wow i feel like Rango was not made for kids ... 
Well the days turn into a blurr i need a drink for once in a while .... 
Well im kinda bord now i think sleep maybe the best option given that nothing is going on tonight . Well cant wait till tomorrow .... 
had a good time tonight . Thank you everyone i needed it bad . i think its time to clean up my personal life a bit . 
Well i realized how to beat Insomnia .... I need to die , then i get to sleep .... Forever , well i never said there wasnt a downside but then again the way life is id say death is a better option then staying awake for ever , its a 50/50 but im leaning more to the sleeping ... 
Well life seems to be getting better just takes alittle time and effort not to allow it to getted messed up again . Wish me luck for new endeavors ! 
Interested in intelligent conversation .... Subject unknown at the moment . 
Well big plans soon and ganna be joining the work out force i need to look better for the ladies . 
Great time with all my old friends and good to see Seabass again And im on the darts team SWEET 
No rest for the wicked . Sleep would be nice but bin to busy having fun again thank you everyone . 
Racking up the good nights one after another baby but what i need is a full nights sleep ... 
Wow i just finished reading the top 5 air to air battles of all times and number one when to a < PROPFEMALE > Merc with a AK-47 he shot down a plane on the ground while getting shot at .... that takes balls of steel . 
Im trying to think if i should go through with this course of action .... whats to be gained and whats to be lost .. 
really bord now and cant sleep ... 
How i feel about respect is if im disrepsected then im ganna put you in one of two places the hospital or the morogue . I do not allow anyone to disrespect me and get away with it . I will cut all ties to a person that i feel isnt worth the time i put into them and without Warning . I have changed in that aspect and i feel as if its for the best . 
Entering Party Weekend and damn it couldnt have come at a better time . :) 
Iv bin thinking for a long time and im happy to have friends like the ones i have they have bin there for me in the hardest of times and no matter were they are i know i can count on them if i ever need it . Now get this party started ( tomorrow night ) lol 
I need a adult . 
well i have a handfull of kids now ..... still need nigers .. 
should have taken pics .... fail on my part but hey i was enjoying myself . 
well getting out of < PROPMALE > for a few days in 25 mins :) 
back bitches and i feel refreshed :) 
Stupid cancer ... we all wish to have a new car ... new phone ... to lose weight ... a person who has cancer only wants one thing ... to have more birthdays . I know 97% of you won't put this on your wall ... but 3% of my friends will . Put this on your wall in memory of someone who died from cancer or in honor of someone who is fighting cancer . 
YAY i had a kinda long nights sleep . 
Let's see who actually reads my posts ? Let's see who reads this entirely ... leave me a one word comment that best describes me , using the THIRD letter of your LAST name . It can only be ONE word . Then , copy this to your wall so I can leave a word about you . Don't just post a word and not copy , that's no fun !! 
Sleep be a crule mistress to me . I wouldnt find it that bad but she doesnt do anything else ...... Wish i had someone to sleep next to that always helps . 
I think im ganna go food shopping with no sleep . i wonder how that will end . 
maybe a late night shower is a good idea my body is vary hot . oddly . 
this sucks im getting my second wind at 4:00 AM i feel like thats just bullshit well its ganna be a long night indeed . 
I sometimes wonder upon why things happen and in what way shape or from am i responsible or involved in such things . I guess there is something guiding us through life to our < PROPFEMALE > and i feel like things are the best they have bin in awhile . I Thank who or what ever is guiding me now . 
Pulled a all nighter .. again . Well sleep time for 4 hours knowing my luck . 
Change of plans all nighter into all day event sweet ..... and went running alittle while ago . God strike me down now !!!!! 
48 hours and still awake .... like a boss !!!! 
Eyes closing .... Like a Boss !!!! 
awake and feel better but why did i sleep for 14 hours ???? 
Im thinking of a tattoo but im not sure if its what i want . 
I feel like if you dont have to show your ID at two or more liquor stores then you have a problem ... Im half way there like a boss !!!! 
I want to say Thank you to all my friends for believing in me when times were tough . I know that I have come a long way all on my own and because of this I know in the future I will be successful , I can do anything I put my mind to and compleat it . But I want to Thank all my friends for giving me hope and telling me the facts when I needed it . Thank you everyone . 
Fuck yes internet and phone back damn my street was out for three days while the rest of < PROPMALE > had theres :( 
Well bordom made me watch Mulan on youtube . 
I hate not sleeping . I should have ran today and played some football . 
Is it bad that i watched three Disney movies on youtube ? cus that all I did all night .... 
well the grand total is five disney movies now i think im addicted .... 
fucking sleepy cant wait to lay down after today . 
Yay got sleep . :) 
well im not understanding why Bioshock 2 needs to install if i did already and damn it takes for ever . I feel like it may have froze .... 
Well just got done watching Priest . it was good kinda stupid but cool . 
Si vis pacem , para bellum - If you want peace , prepare for war . 
damn foot hurts alot now but i cant really stop and rest i need to do alot of stuff this week :( 
wow resting my foot made today the most boring day in my history . 
Yay for < PROPFIRST > Scissorhands . 
Got done watching Gundam-W Endless Waltz 
Wow after watching Final Fantasy 7 Advent Children I remember when i was a kid all my friends naming Cid after me because of all the swearing i did as a kid . But he didnt swear once in the movie . < PROPFIRST > Goddard was berret < PROPFIRST > Park was < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > Goddard i forgot who he was i think we made him a girl for shits and giggles . Good times good times 
I feel in a creative mood right now maybe ill try writting again see how that gos . But i only write in pencil none of the lazy ass typing shit if your going to create something then you should do so with more emotions and to me typing just feels like your not using your heart . i will take the extra 10 < PROPFEMALE > s to write a < PROPFEMALE > then to type it up in 1 < PROPFEMALE > . 
Well that was upsetting Dead Island isnt at all split-screen its just drop in and out online game play . Fuck You Gamestop employee wich everyone knows as a asshole and dosnt know games I'm vary upset for beleiving in you .... again . 
Poor Poor < PROPFIRST > I'm having to much fun with the random information that i keep texting him . Only one of them is possible false i wonder if he can tell . 
well time to sleep after such a long day and i know im going to get a phone call or text from some asshole that will wake me up . You know who you are ..... 
Foods a good idea wonder what to make ? 
Life is good when you know how to cook . :) 
So I had < PROPFIRST > and Coke all over my pants and then i went to a bar .... Needless to I looked like i was drinking all day even tho I only had two beers . The Police would of had a field day with me . 
Ok im Fucking happy as hell im watching Mortal Kombat now i wanna chop bords in half and punch people !!!! 
Fight for what you want and dont ever let anyone take from you what you have won on your own . that how I live my life . 
such a good day i feel like doing something fun and outside . 
Woot Pot Roast and its all home made by me !!!! :) 
I wish I could sleep right now but I'm just not sleepy this sucks . I guess I should do as my fortune cookie said . In bed ... 
Well had a nap amazing how so little time makes you feel much better . Lot of stuff to do still wonder were to start ? 
I feel another sleepless night comming on . 
Woot first darts game tonight lets see how well i do . 
Well i did well lost my games but still did well . 
Well time to hit the old < PROPFIRST > trail ..... 
Woot I get to relax today instead of doing something . 
sleep is a good thing to get now . 
Well the diner went well my Grand parents liked my place . I'm so tired now tho . 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > is illin !!!!! 
Some legal codes on rape do not legislate against women raping men , as rape is generally defined to include the act of penetration on behalf of the rapist and some legal codes do not legislate against women raping men . I find this scary do you know how many crazy women are out there ? 
Kicking ass and Not taking names . Dont feel like writing them all down . 
Well I got raped ...... 
Killing can be as easy as breathing , If given a reason . 
Im wondering if i should get my hair cut short ? 
Woot trying the new New Vegas DLC 
Well almost got knifed for not giving a ride to a random stranger so he could beat the shit out his girls Ex and I have < PROPFIRST > Park to thank for it all . 
The problem with being animalistic is being such a passive person also makes for vary conflicting feelings . 
Yay sleep was good for < PROPFIRST > . :) 
i love to suck < PROPMALE > ^-^ biggest the bestest 
Well didnt know my Aim is linked to my facebook status Thank you < PROPFEMALE > Needles for allowing me to learn a valuable lesson . Dont leave anything running on your comp around anyone ..... 
Good night . bed time :) 
