I have a lot on my mind right now . I'm confused , broke & stressed . 

Oh my gosh , I'm actually smiling and happy . I guess an old friend can do that to you ! 
Really missing my babies !!!! Getting them back soon ! 
Relaxing on my only day off this week . Can't belive my kids school starts on Tuesday !!! 
Everything is on my mind !!! I'm tired of being stressed out about all my bills and bullcrap in my life right now !!!! 
Sooo , I am being stalked by some manly girl that is twice my size . Ya know , crazy trumps size any day !!! Haha ! 
I am so sick of everything right now . Car doesn't work , getting evicted , no money and all alone through it all . Wow , how awesome my life really is . 
I always feel blessed . Things work out . And thats just how it goes sometimes ! 
If you don't want to help & would rather just be part of the problem then mind your own damn business !!!!! When you can actually be normal people with normal kids then talk about me behind my back . Til then-SHUT IT ! 
This is going to be a very long week . Working a lot , going to school , being mommy . 
Your not sick , your just a douche !!!!! Haha !!!!! 
Ooooohhhhh , a lot on my mind ! Wish I could shut it off every once in awhile ...... 
AAAAAAHHHHHH !!!!!!! I hate men ! Go away & leave me alone !!!!!! 
Had too much fun at the state fair and with < PROPFEMALE > . I totally forgot all about that stupid little boy !!!!! 
I had another fun night at the fair !!! Making moemories ! 
Need to get up & get motivated !!!!!!! 
Crazy , crazy , crazy crrrraaaazzzzyyyy night ! Even for me ! Oh my gosh !!!! 
Work , work , work . 2 jobs is gonna be hard , but , hey , somebody gots to pay the bills !!!!! 
Finally a second on the computer , but just that , only a second !!!! I'm off to see some friends and < PROPFEMALE > with the kids !!!!!!!!!!! 
Sooooooo very glad to have a computer again !!!!! And having so much fun playin guesstures with friends . 
Very productive day at the new place . Got my tv on , cleaned and put away . Now I just gotta squeeze a nap in before work somehow !!!! 
Got a new tattoo and it's killing me tonight !!!! But it's so pretty !!!!! 
My word for today : disappointment . Disappointed that I believed a man , yet again , knowing that all men are , in fact , douche bags . 
Relaxin all day finally ! But , of course , kids not feeling well !!!! Gots to get to the store for medicine & soup . I do have to say tho , 2 amazing kiddos these past 2 days ! 
Ugh . Cleanin all day . Soooooo not what I would like to be doin today !!! Gimme a beach , some ocean and a pina colada ! That's what I need to be doin today !!!!! 
So sad & down today . Startin to feel like what is wrong with me ????? I am not liking . boys right now at all . 
Hurtin a wee bit today !!!! Lovin my friends that came to cheer me up last night !!!! 
Wanting to wipe my mind out , clear it of all my thoughts , and get him out of it . Can't stop thinking bout him . AAAAAHHHHH !!!!! 
Sad today . Don't wanna get outta bed , don't wanna go anywhere . Damn . I hate feeling like this . :-( 
Oh work again , work again . Guess I should be grateful i get to go to work again !!!! 
I almost forgot !!!! Now is the time to start reminding people : My birthday is in 1 month !!!!! Yeah < PROPMALE > ! So start savin money and makin plans cuz we do it up right for this ladies birthday !!!!! 
Strange happenings this weekend . I smiled a whole lot today and I know he does this to me , but why do I continually do it to myself ?????? 
Finally having some better days but now it's time to go back to work tonight . 
I created the sound of madness , wrote the book on pain and somehow I'm still here to explain , that the darkest hour never comes in the night , you can sleep with a gun but when ya gonna wake up and fight . 
You guys !!!! My birthday is gettin closer !!!!! 
Why am I doing this to myself ????? Why ???? I know how this ends , I know it's going to hurt and suck beyond belief and yet I don't change it . I am , technically , the definition of insane I guess . 
I need to keep reminding myself-it is illegal to stab people , even when they deserve it . 
Running errands and cleanin all day , now how exciting does that sound ????? I'm sure everyone wants to be a part of it !!! 
Had a great time with my crazy friends Tuesday night !!! Spent all day recovering !!!! 
Ah new < PROPMALE > Madden shoes on sale-don't ya just know how to make a girl feel good !!!! 
It's my weekend ! It's my weekend ! Ya Ya !!! What should we do ???? Hmmmmm ......... 
Gettin to relax . Feels so good . Aaaahhhh . 
Gettin my hair done finally ! Days off are goin wonderfully so far !!! Sometimes you just deserve to have good things happen , like your best friend & boyfriend cleaning your kitchen , living room & bedroom . :-) 
Oh yeah !!!! Got somethin fun to do tonight finally !!! < PROPFIRST > Derulo concert baybeeeeee ! 
< PROPMALE > & < PROPFIRST >-< PROPMALE > your turn to get out of the car , yes , get out you can do it , we need a lighter , here's the money . < PROPMALE > , after 5 minutes of talking to clerk and < PROPMALE > & < PROPFIRST > again-Look !!! I got 2 !!! -Proudly holding 2 chapsticks in his hand . < PROPMALE > & < PROPFIRST > -Um < PROPMALE > , we wanted a LIGHTER !!!!!!! 
Really , really , really enjoying my days off this week !!! Had soooo much fun last and all day long night with Conz and < PROPFIRST > ! 
I just read the post I so obviously did not read earlier today . Yeah , it was that kinda night & day for me !!!! Funny and not makin a whole lotta sense !!!! 
Busy , busy day . Lots to do including sleep !!! Where am I supposed to do that ????? 
Need to go take my nap but I'm gettin so excited for my birthday with all my favorite people !!! It's like 5 days away still !!! I am such a big kid ! 
Check your events people !!!! My birthday party is soooo close !!!!!! 
4 days off !!! Let the celebration begin !!!!!! It's my birthday soon , It's my birthday soon ! Yeah !!!! 
Drinkin non-alcoholic beer is like goin down on your cousin , sure it tastes the same but that don't make it fuckin right ! LMFAO ! 
Thank you everyone for my birthday wishes !!! I have some awesome FB friends & fam ! Love & miss u all !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
That party last night was awfully crazy .......... Way , way , way crazy night @ Copperhead Rd !!!!!!!! 
Thank you everyone for celebrating with me ! Great stories to be told and fun memories made-yet again ! -at my birthday party ! 
I am lovin this freakin NCAA tourney this year !!!!! Holy shit March Madness is alive !!!!! 
It's early morning and I am so glad that my boys stay up with me !!!! Hilarious times tonight !!! Kinda played dress-up with all kinds of different stuff . Fun gettin to act young like that again ! 
Well , stuck in the house with all this snow-might as well drink all the alcohol and play some lights out hide-n-go seek with my kiddos . Haha ! This is gonna be an interesting night ............ 
Blaaaaahhhh ! Don't wanna go to work tonight . I need a vacation . 
Cooler than the flipside of your pillow . Yup ! That be me !!!!! 
I love college basketball !!!!!! Best tournament ever !!!!!!! Duke-last #1 in baybeeee ! LET'S GO DUKE !!!!!! 
Yeah !!!! Goin to P-town tomorrow to < PROPFEMALE > with the bestest of the besties !!!!! 
I am so sick of parents that do not discipline their kids , give a crap bout how they treat other people or even care to check anything goin on their lives . Just cuz you got money doesn't mean you're better than anybody else or that your kids can do or say whatever they want !!!!!! 
I am in a fabulous mood today !!!! Finally ! Hmmmmm ........ 
Hahahaahaha ! Everybody done with the jokes now ???!!!!!! Anyways , sooooo ready for basketball this weekend . Final Four Baybeeeeee !!! Go Duke !!!! 
Snoooooozzzzzzeeeeeee time ! Final Four today-hell yeah !!!! Gonna drink some beer and watch Duke spank that WV assssss !! 
Chillin ' at home , cold beer in my hand , enjoying a great college basketball game . Mmmmmm . That's good enough for me ! 
Hahahahahahahahaha !!!!!! Michigan State who ?????? Great frickin game !!!!! Let's go Blue Devils ! Let's go Blue Devils ! Let's go Blue Devils ! 
I love pretending to be happy and doesn't online life just make it that much easier to act like it's all wonderful ????? It's like you know you're makin a bad decision but you make you make it anyway . 
Here's to my boys-I love you Conz & < PROPFIRST > ! You are the bestest most greatest ! Now here's a shot of American Honey-let's get all hopped up on alcohol and make some bad decisions !!!!!! Whooooo-hoooooo ! And fuck the everybody else ! Yup yup ! 
Let's go DUKE !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Well I got the big F U ! tonight , again !!!!! It's ok cuz it does remind me of all the reasons I was staying away from situations & people like that to begin with ! 
Slept sooooo gooood all day today ! Good mornin people !!! Time to face the work week all over again ........ blah ! 
Aaaahhhhh !!!! Please everything I need to get done hurry up and get done I would really love to sleep now ! That is all . Thank you . 
Haha ! I just saw the add on here for gerber baby wanted and the baby on the ad was the ugliest baby I have ever seen !!!!! They REALLY need a new gerber baby , guess that's why they got the ad ! HaHaHaHaHa ! 
Another crazy night @ the waff ! Now I get to play mommy for the next 1 hour and a half , off to pay a < PROPMALE > , then to < PROPFEMALE > out @ the DMV for the rest of the mornin ! I am keepin my midget fingers crossed that I get to nap after that ! 
AAAAAAHHHHHH !!!! It only takes 1 < PROPMALE > to ruin any kind of day you might be having . Words of advice for the day-don't get married . I need to take a little jog , work off some steam & clear my head . 
Weird weekend but my days off with my boys , kiddos and my beautiful sexay face < PROPFIRST > has been just what I needed ! 
Those are my fruit snacks bitch !!!!!! 
What an interesting night we all had ! Never a dull moment in this house ......... 
Y'all gonna keep fuckin round and turn me into the old me ..... nowadays everybody got somethin to say , but nothin comes out when they move their lips , just a bunch of jibberish and mutha fuckas act like they forgot bout < PROPMALE > !!!!!!! 
How I am lovin my life today . Came home to a leak in my ceiling-directly over my beautiful < PROPMALE > size bed !!!!!! Then , no emergency number or anyway to get a hold of anyone at management office , so when they do get the message , they yell @ ME for bein upset ! Oh , and the kids are on a snow day and pissed cuz the Directv won't work !!!!! 
Yes , yesterday is finally in the history book ! So very thankful for the people that came into the Waff last nite ! I can get my car fixed now-yeah it broke yesterday too !!!!! 
YEAHHHHH !!!!!!!! Sooooo happy it's finally my weekend ! Looking forward to a beautiful day with the most gorgeous babies a momma could have !!!!! 
Gotta love those massage therapist friends ! Much needed rub down tonight , finally ! I gotta feelin this week will be better ....... 
Down and out tonight . I guess this isn't going to be a good week after all . I miss them already ........ :-( 
Blah . Work already again ??? Those 3 days went by too fast . 
Soooo ready for that big ol ' bed of mine after that very weird and long night @ work . Vicodine , how I love thee , thank you for relaxing my body to help me sleep . That is all . 
Go SPURS !!!! Hell yeah !!!! My boys already took care of the #2 team in the West , who's next ???!!!! GO SPURS !!!! 
Pinched nerve(s ) in back = very uncomfortable and gloomy < PROPMALE > . Veeeerrrryyyyy sad face today . 
Had a much better day today than the last 2 were . I'm so very grateful for those little things ! 
Well , officially , Doc says there are several pinched nerves and my neck has been declared a crime scene !!!! Oh ! And my wisdom teeth are definitely coming in now and those lil bastards are of course causing pain & problems . Soooo , have a lot of doctor visits coming up-just these next 2 weeks . Good stuff ! 
Tuesday Funday !!! Hangin out with my girl and my buds @ the Outlets and then up 2 < PROPMALE > for a little walknig around on 16th street . Very nice ! 
Doctor still not letting me back to work . Two more days off . I feel weird !!!!! 
Worst night @ work ever !!! But I kept that smile pasted on and crackin jokes with my tables , and somehow , those tables of perverted men and drunk girls made the night bearable for me . I'm in line for a neck , back and spine transplant ! Hahahaha ! 
I have an amazing new friend that is making my day and life brighter ! I am very grateful to be celebrating Mother's Day with my crazy munchkins and him !!!!!! 
I just want to get away . Go to a beach and drink some pina coladas ! I don't want to be here anymore , I don't like the people I spend my time with . 
Mmmmm . Snuggled up in bed with my baybay , doesn't get much better than this . Think I'll have the butler bring us up some breakfast ....... 
< PROPFEMALE > got 3rd place on her Science Fair Project in all 4th grade students @ her school !!!! Soooo proud of her ! Big thank you to < PROPFIRST > Ranals for all of her fabulous help !!!!!! 
Finally Sunday ! Really needing these days off after a long , painful week of work . Now , time to get up and kick ass in some Guesstures !!!! 
How is it I'm happy and HE always calls or texts . Everytime . But , I'm stronger and better than everyone knows , I'll be that friend and that's it !!!! 
What to do , what to do tonight ???? I need to get druuunnnnkkk and I just wanna dance !!!!! 
Yesterday is history , tomorrow a mystery , today is a gift , that's why we call it the present . Make every day count !!!! 
Sittin at home , reflecting on my week and cleaning up . What a shitty week . That only leaves room for a fabulous month ahead ...... Here's to hope anyway !!!!! 
Chillin at the pad , waitin to see if anything good will happen tonight . Hmmmmmm ........ 
Ty-you don't work the night shift anymore , time to get back on a normal schedule . But , wait , define normal ......?????!!!!!! 
Oh yeah ! Quiet , alone , me time-PRICELESS ! What a beautiful night outside . I love Colorado summers ! 
My baby girl turned 10 today ! Can't believe my baby is double digits . I think I'm gettin yet another reminder of how old I am ! 
There's a lot on my mind and I don't have the time to blab it on the internet right now !!!! 
Blah . That's it . Just blah . I'm bored and lonely on a Friday night-AGAIN ! Ooooohhhhhh welllllllll ! 
Sex on bubble wrap = best decision ever ! Next time y'all see bubble wrap for free on craigslist , I suggest grabbin it and enjoy ! Hahahahahahaahahaaaaaa !!!!!!!! 
It's been a bad , bad day . I really hope everythings gonna be okay . Especially my jaw , I kinda need to eat . 
I like summer and all , but man , it's hot ! When it's so hot that you still sweat when you're completely naked , it's too damn hot !!!! 
It doesn't matter where you've been , it matters where you're going . I miss my friends in the Springs :-( 
Oooohhhh so now I get it ! You stalked my Facebook & Myspace cuz you're a lesbian & you wanted me ! It all makes sense 2 us now ..... 
Soooo Couture Cake & Couture Cupcake in Colo Springs , owner < PROPFEMALE > McCoy , is a company any bride should steer clear of as this woman is XTREMELY unprofessional & 4GOT a brides wedding-cake & flowers ! -then did nothing 2 rectify situation !! Thank goodness my friend has made other arrangements for her cake & flowers as a result !! 
Soooo happy , relieved , whatever other adjectives you can think of ! Finally ! Babies are back home and right by my side-where they belong ! 
Busy ! Finally getting things accomplished and feeling fantastic bout how great I really am ! Haha ! 
My daughter , < PROPFEMALE > , is doing much better ! We have an amazing staff here at Memorial Hospital for Children ! Looking forward to gettin out of the hospital soon tho . Please keep < PROPFEMALE > in your prayers , she still has a very loooong road ahead of her . 
Sooo ready to be back on a normal schedule . I say that like I even know the definition of normal !!!! 
Today I will be charming , elegant and witty . Or maybe I'll say um a lot and trip over things ! 
My days are soooo busy anymore ! I totally gotta nap in the afternoons AND go to sleep by like 10 everyday now ! Once again , gettin old ........ :-) 
A wise girl kisses but doesn't love , listens but doesn't believe and leaves before she is left . ~ Marilyn < PROPMALE > 
Happy to be working again and have my life back in focus . At least I've become aware of my limitations and what real friends are made of . 
What an amazing day I had yesterday ! Soooo beautiful out on the river with Miss < PROPFEMALE > . 
We don't stop playing because we grow old , we grow old because we stop playing . 
Boys are stupid . I want them 2 all leave me alone . 
We cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used when creating them . < PROPFIRST > Einstein 
What's on my mind ???? Hmmmmm ...... That would require having a mind to begin with !!!! 
I am who I am and no one's approval is needed !!!! 
It's been a very long , long week . Tired , sore and happy . Hmmmmmm ........... 
It seems like I never have enough time in my days to do all the things I need/like/want to do ! 
I just want one man that knows I'm completely insane and wouldn't want me any other way !!! 
Workin like crazy tryin to catch up on all my flippin bills !!!! Alcoholic ex-husbands don't really help that situation ! Stay positive and remember-it is illegal top stab people !!!!! 
Aaaaahhhhhh !!!! Sooooo friggin ' tired and have to be back to work in 2 hours . I love my life , I love my life , I love my life ............ 
I have my ups and my downs with him but I really have been happier now than I have in a very long time . 
I just want one thing to work out for me right now . Ugh . Oh well , I know I'm only given what I can handle and I always remember that no matter how bad I have it , someone else is going through worse . 
Vision-What God has intended for you goes far beyond what you can imagine . 
You're goin to catch a cold from all that ice in your soul . 
Blah , blah , blah , blah . Does anybody have something else to contribute bout life ????? 
My phone broke !!! However , it has been replaced with a phone that does not have any < PROPFIRST > of people I know . Sooooo , if you know me & have my number , hit me with a text or call so I can program you back into my life !!!! 
GREEN BAY PACKERS !!!!! SUPER BOWL CHAMPIONS !!!! OH YEAH BAYBEEEEEE !!!!!! 
