just had my one year < PROPFEMALE > . it was ok . i didnt get to spend much time with her but i enjoyed the time that i did spent with her and thats all that matters right ? lol . hopefully i get to see her tomorrow . :D 

had a good time with the past couple days :) 
computer is making me go ahugisdjakl ; f jsadopfj dsaf ahfera/gyfres8[9ap t89437y6uaw34bt5ae3t56 7t894 e8tfgvAS AGH !!!!!! 
prom night ! 
strange feeling gone . lol 
latin call today . hopefully i ace it 
nothing makes you feel more like an idiot then when your doing a verbal quiz and you keep going um ... uh .... its ... \smack head on desk\ " idk " 
had a hellofa good time today 
owwww my neck 
just got a piano :D 
Stress :\ 
The confusion created when one's mind overrides the body's basic \ 
< PROPFEMALE > to choke the living daylights out of some jerk who desperately \ 
deserves it 
An archeologist is the best husband any woman can have ; the older she \ 
gets , the more interested he is in her . 
The four most important words in any marriage ... \I'll do the dishes . \"" 
If sex is such a natural phenomenon , how come there are so many books on\ 
how to do it ? lol 
Nobody will ever win the battle of the sexes . \ 
\ 
There's too much fraternizing with the enemy . 
just got some new reverb headphones from wicked audio . its got a frequency of 20hz- 20,000 hz impedance of 32 ohms and a 40mm driver . ya . ull go deff with them 
An optimist is someone who falls off the Empire State Building , and \ 
after 50 floors says , ' So far so good!' 
whoever said violence in a workplace is ineffective clearly has never been hit over the head with a stapler before . 
\women shouldnt put \ " juicy\ " on the back of there shorts . if ur butt is juicy then you need to go see a doc . thats not something to brag about . if your gonna have juicy on the back then you might as well put itchy on the front \"" 
needs car and/or more job openings 
its easy to make mistakes . its hard to ask for forgivness and help . nd sometimes even harder to forgive and understand . sry bout the mistakes , thanks for the help and understanding . u know who u are 
sometimes my minde is slow . not like a speed bump , more like a speed table . takes longer before you can start going fast again 
getting better at my piano song 
-.- aint got no dang fireworks on the 4th of july . or any plans for that matter . fun fun . 
fireworks started at 9 . fireworks finished at about 9:20 . teh heck is up with that . needs moar flashy things that makes noise !!!! O_O 
at the pastors house . finally got my laptop to work again . :D 
workin out on teh bowflex . by the time the pastor gets back ima be ripped . lol 
just found my wallet and card that i lost over a year ago . and in one of the spots i checked and have used most since then . 
ahhhhhhh my back hurts worse then a giraffe with a sore throat 
SET THIS AS YOUR\ 
STATUS AND SEE WHAT PEOPLE RATE YOU : 1 = crazy , 2 = I'd marry you , 3 =\ 
talkative , 4 = sarcastic , 5 = imissyou , 6 = partier , 7 = moody , 8 =\ 
dumb , 9 = mouthy , 10 = spoiled , 11 = random , 12 = hot , 13 = funny , \ 
14 = fit , 15 = amazing , 16 = tough , 17 = cute , 18 = gf/bf type , 19\ 
= player , 20 = I ... love you , 21 = gorgeous , 22 = smart , 23 = good\ 
friend , 24 = entertaining , 25 = laugh a lot 
maxed out teh bowflex ... needs moar weight !!! 
at my house cleaning 
i has a box of ... twinkies ... o.o 
... gotta stop doing things by impulse . just put coolwhip on a twinkie . then laughed and spat it everywhere . least im not gonna get fat from that one :D 
i.d.g.a.f. 
customized igoogle and firefox , defragged the comp , now all i need are nicer icons and a cool way to show them and the laptop will be customized to my like 
dont you hate it when your watching a movie on tv and it gets good then it goes to commercial and your like \NOOO !!!! I DONT WANT COMMERCIAL !! WANT MOVIE NAO !!!! \"" 
well this is gonna be an interesting trip ... 
going to the dentist at 9:30 . fun fun 
talking to < PROPFEMALE > , hopefully going to beach saturday with her :D 
a reigon towering by the caucasus mountains . wonder who called em that 
stupid facebook wont let me upload . wma . ogg or . mp3 files . and mixcraft 5.1 wont let me save the file as any of the files facebook allows . -.- 
making a well wicked song combining drum and base , tecno , and dubstep 
freaking rain had to go and ruin probably one of the last great days ill have in the next 3 weeks 
kicked out 10 assignments today . working twords 15 . 
anyone up for some mango smoothie with sprite ? got a special juice in it 
hopefully going to get to spend one more day with my gf before i gotta go to MI 
making one mistake after another is easy to do . forgiving each one as it happens isnt . 
tut tut . looks like rain 
woot rain is gone 
AGH ! i hate weather !! 
good day planned . it rained . good day ruined . now its clear as can be and < PROPFEMALE > ! WTF IS WITH FLORIDA !!!! 
i think i need a napkin to wipe up my drool .... 
guess now i really gotta buckle down , work hard , and hopefully get ahead 
in nomine Patris , et Filii , et Spiritus Sancti 
booored . would go back to grandparents but there r so many pple there ... and they dont have xbox 360 , ps3 , and wii . lol 
today was good . had fun . lots of fun lol 
46 assignments to do and only 4 days to do them . wish me some serious luck 
went from having 21 assignments in latin to only 6 assignments in just 2 days . 
is loving his baby :) 
i just whopped latins butt . 28 assignments in 2 days . and i just finished the class 
loves having problems idk how to solve so i guess on them and get ever one correct 
good first day i suppose 
had bowling try outs today . lol . tied with 66 points 
well . I'm quite confident i didn't make the bowling team . 
anyone going to jensen beach high school know how to log on to pinnacle !!???!! 
sleeping time . it comes after snack time . nd is what im gonna do now . lol \snore \"" 
ill never understand certain things . 
going to hurricanes 
aaaahhhhhhoooooooo i got the magic in me ! 
likes dj manian :D 
had a bad day 
gettin down to some techno >:D 
wanting the flowmaster 10 series exhaust system >:D 
stamp on the ground , jump jump jump jump . move it all around , jap jadada do 
just learned of a new dancing style . its called .... JUMPSTYLE !!! o.o lol 
freshmen ... wow 
hates the florida heat ! florida needs to take one giant chill pill and coooool down 
somehow i managed to hit myself n the head while trying to put on headphones -.- 
string ... it could be used as modern phone lines . tie it to a few diff pple , then when one person tugs on the line you know you have a call . if it ends up getting caught on a car thats roaming call . if the string breaks you lost your call . 
wants a asian style bed set . lol 
cant wait for tuesday :D 
is thinking about trying out for wrestling next year 
throwing bananas , breaking windows , hanging out . tonight was fun :D 
arm is all cut up and my side is a lil scratched . other then that im all good . :D 
my mom : just but the bandage on\ 
me : why ? i dont want too lol\ 
my mom : because i dont want you getting blood on the sheets\ 
me : grr -.- fine 
work in 30 < PROPFEMALE > . yay 
got my hair cut :D 
has 3 a's and 1 b :D 
know whats worse then road rash ? finding out your allergic to the med you put on it -.- 
anyone know where i can find a vid for the jbhs pep rally yesterday ? :D 
working on a new song on mixcraft . sounds good but having a hard time piecing stuff together . dang these complex songs i iz trying to create _-_ 
At Sarahs house 
have no internet 
had a great time with < PROPFEMALE > :D 
:D just made fireballs i can play with by hand . i feel acomplished ^-^ 
yay . psat . what fun this shall be 
straight a's! :D first time in my life ive ever gotten that 
grr . wtf is up with pinnacle ? its not letting me log in 
had a great time with < PROPFEMALE > tonight :D 
had a good morning . saw < PROPFEMALE > , gave her some roses and a note , made her smile , and got to help her with work a lil bit . lol 
i ripped my shorts ... then a couple sec later i ripped someone elses . lol . needs looser shorts for kicks xD 
id love to know what i got on the rest of my exams . but pinnacle wont let me -.- 
i guess now all i can do is w8 nd c what happens .. 
dear algebra , stop making me find your X . shes not coming back 
had a great time with < PROPFEMALE > today and tonight :D 
got a 100 in my geometry and history midterms :D 
put food in the microwave for what i thought was a < PROPFEMALE > ... seemed like it was taking a long time so i went back to find out it still had 5 more < PROPFEMALE > to go . guess that 1 turned into a 10 and i didnt even realize it . lol least my food is heated up xD 
2 more hours . why wont time go faster ?!?! 
had a great time with < PROPFEMALE > at the lock in . did a lil karaoke , bowled a lot , played some games , saw friends . only bad part was having to sleep on teh floor . lol . other then that it was all good . 
maybe this weekend will be the weekend ive been looking for for a while 
loves teh bfmv music 
had a great time spending thanksgiving with < PROPFEMALE > and her family :D 
home bored with nothing to do and no where to go and all these sales . i need a caaaar . lol 
< PROPMALE > potter was great and i had a ton of fun with < PROPFEMALE > and everyone else :D 
glad this play is over . now i just have to get a copy of the performance and send it to my grandparents lol 
-.- piano aggravates me . my brain is too stupid to be able to figure out where the keys are at the right moment and be able to play them . im good with what i already know . but when i try learning a new song i swear my fingers have a mind of their own 
even when things dont work out as you planed them , you can still have fun 
my 17th birthday is tomorrow !! :D 
ok since over 20 pple have said happy bday on here and its getting tiring going through and saying thanks ( lol ) THANK YOU EVERYONE FOR ALL THE HAPPY BDAY WISHES :D 
hates having a wireless router that doesnt work 
taking < PROPFEMALE > out to outback :D 
time to do that long awaited happy dance ... just too bad i cant dance xD 
time for the next semester . lets see if i can keep my straight A's for the next semester . im pretty sure ill keep at least 2 A's . hopefully graphic design and physical science will also be A's . weeelllll see 
just sent in my application to < PROPMALE > . hope i get in :D 
wow ... the music video for tonight im lovin ' you is very um ... how should i put it ... bare if you know what i mean 
if i tear you open wide , take a look inside , are you pretty ? 
had a very good past few days . today was another great day lol 
