23 days until < PROPFIRST > !!! Promise to post a ton of pictures . 

Looking forward to the bachelorette party this Saturday !! 
Bachelorette party on Saturday and Bono in 18 days !!! 18 days ... yipee !! 
Going to see Bono in < PROPFIRST > AND Chicago !!!! Whoo Hoo !!! 
Saturday night was awesome :) 
Seeing Bono in < PROPFIRST > in 9 days !!! Single digits now .... YAY ! I love Bono !! 
In Florida ... getting married Sunday !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Getting married today in Florida and off to < PROPFIRST > tomorrow !!! 
hello everyone from < PROPFIRST > . 
having an awesome time in < PROPFIRST > !!!! 
I love Bono !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
52 days to see Bono in Chicago !!! 
I love my husband !! He is the BEST !! 
Missing my daughter very very much ... Wish I could see her :( 
Just posted all the wedding pictures !! 
What a relief to FINALLY have my baby back ... I love my Jayden !!! 
Jayden is super excited about Sea World camp next week ! She is super cute ! 
Baby Jayden at Sea World camp ... 
24 days until I see Bono in Chicago and see my oldest friend , < PROPFEMALE > !! YAY 
Jayden is 6 and starting first grade ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Jam in the morning always makes everything better :) 
Let us think of ways to motivate one another to acts of love and good works . ~ Hebrews 10:24 , NLT 
The anniversary of your birth is one of the best times to reflect on your life ... and prepare for a bright future . 
In Chicago to see my man ... Bono of course !!! 
Thank God it is Friday ... first weekend at home in a while . 
U2 on SNL this Saturday !!!!! I need therapy for this obsession ! 
\I don't think much of a man who is not wiser today than he was yesterday\ " < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ( so true ) " 
How can it be October already ??? 
What a beautiful day !!! 
YAY ! Going to Cancun next month ! 
Wondering why I still have my blackberry ... 
Should I replace my blackberry with an iphone ?? I really hate this phone now . 
Going to Cancun tomorrow ... yay !! Can't wait !!!!!!! 
Doing my Thanksgiving day food shopping today . 
Back to work ... 
Okay , for everyone that always asks when I am visiting El Paso ... < PROPFIRST > your calendars , Aug . 7th . 
“The definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results” ... I am offically insane !!! 
Stayed home from work today ... insanity and stress has taken it's toll on me . 
Enjoy the last day of 2009 everyone ! 
Staying home with Jayden today , poor baby is sick :( 
Day 2 : Jayden was sent home from school , looks like it may be strep throat . 
Confirmed : Jayden has strep throat and can't go back to school until Thursday :( 
How can a first grader have so much homework ?? I am exhausted and wondering how I made it through college . 
I love Coco !!!! 
Fear is the opposite of faith . Random thought of the day . 
Doppelganger week , I don't see it , but can't seem to escape it . 
Longest week ever ... 
Thankful for a new day , new beginnings , and a great life ! 
Thank God for kids night out ... We get a date night ! YAY 
At the airport on route to el paso . 
Will be at soho tonight if anyone in ep wants to stop by :) 
What a day !! Some people ... 
Thrilled !!! Booked flight to Dublin !!! Yay !! 
Jayden make a cake for mommy's day ! I am so blessed to have her . 
Can't wait for SNL tonight !!! < PROPFEMALE > White & Jay-Z !!! Whoooo Hooooo 
Happy Mothers Day ! Thank you for all you do every single day . 
Happy Birthday to Bono , I love this man !!!! 
Selling < PROPFIRST > Buble tickets July 17th if anyone is interested . 
I will be in Dublin taking care of Bono next month :) 
16 days to Dublin !!! Whoo Hooo !!! 
We are going to see The Cranberries while in Dublin !!! What a bonus ! 
Leaving to Dublin tomorrow !!!! Can't wait :) 
On route to London :) 
Driving in Dalkey looking for Bono's house :) gorgeous here !!! 
Celebrating our wedding anniversary today :) 
Happy thoughts :) 
Strange question , but have any former flag girls experienced any shoulder pain ? 
Good things come to those who wait !! Couldn't be happier right now :) 
Finally in < PROPFIRST > !!! Traffic is crazy , but looking forward to tonight :D 
The Hula Hut in < PROPFIRST > is amazing !!!! 
29 and I have to do physical therapy ... Bummer . 
Life is better when you are drinking 
Hate moving !!! 
Baby Jayden comes home today !!!!! I made it thru 60 miserable days !!! 
2 week vacation has officially begun ; going to Florida tomorrow with my Jayden :) 
Home sweet home at last 
School supply shopping sucks ! 
7 years ago today God gave me the most fragile , amazing , & priceless gift ever , my Baby Jayden . 
< PROPFIRST > Z and U2 ... Dream come true ! Dec 13 , 2011 !!!!!!! 
Getting flowers for no reason is the best !!! 
Grieving my last week of being a twenty something :( 
Thank you ladies ; I appreciate it :) 
All alone , no husband or child ; have no idea what to do ... 
New day ; new life ... 
Packing time ... Sigh , hate hate moving . 
“Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds . ” - < PROPFIRST > Einstein 
Picking up my new car , then closing on the new house , and the old house is rented !! I feel very thankful & blessed ! 
First ever EKG 
Everybody has the power to make someone else happy ...... Some do it by entering the room ........ Some do it by leaving . 
Finally , Conan on TV tonight !!!! It has been a long time ! 
Team Coco !!!!!!! 
I survived going to Juarez !!! Yikes 
Bought Sun Bowl tickets ... we are ready ! 
What is there to do in El Paso for New Years ??? 
How can Walmart not < PROPFEMALE > green chilies ??? Outraged !!! 
Half way done cooking for T-Day !!! 
A yes should be a yes and a no a no ... 
Make your handshake mean more than pen and paper ! 
There are always things in life you should hold on to and things you should let go-the difficult part comes in choosing what stays and what goes . Goodbye 2010 , Hello 2011 . 
I need some sunshine !!! Enough gray days already . 
If anyone is interested in buying Sun Bowl tickets for tomorrow , send me a private message . 
2011 Resolution : Cultivate meaningful positive relationships and eliminate toxic unhealthy relationships . 
Let the peace ( soul < PROPFEMALE > which comes ) from Christ rule ( act as umpire continually ) in your hearts . Col 3:15 
Jayden is selling girl scout cookies !!! PLEASE send me a message if you would like to place an order :) 
Nothing better than Guinness stew on a cold winter day . 
Getting flowers from your spouse for no reason is FANTASTIC !!! 
How can I not be a Virgo ??? 
4 day weekend !!! Surprising Jayden with a lunch date with mommy today :) 
I love Bono !!!!!!!! Sexiest man alive . 
Sea World cookie rally today ; God have mercy . Packing lots of pain meds . 
Addicted to words with friends , help !! 
Taking Jayden to get a manila/pedi ; she is a spoiled young lady :) 
Women want to be with a man that inspires them . - < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > ( So true ) 
Snow day in San < PROPFIRST > , who would have thought ?? 
If you tell the truth you don't have to remember anything . - < PROPFIRST > Twain 
