Just trying to get used to facebook . New to it ! 

Just finished eating at the Chinese Western Sizzlin . Best crab legs I've had in a long time . Picked up Carlin and < PROPFIRST > from YaYa and PaPa's . Couldn't drag < PROPFIRST > away . He loves to play with all of their gizmos . 
Today is a today that we will remember always . Pray for the families of the fallen victims of 9/11 . 
Seven hours until the race comes on . Can't wait . Will be watching 9/11 shows until then . Some great ones on History Channel . 
If you don't want to cry today - don't watch the history channel . It's like reliving it all over again . 
Richmond is running !!!! Go < PROPMALE > -Haas Racing -------- Go 14 !!!!! Team < PROPMALE > !!!!!! 
Can't believe < PROPFIRST > Hamlin won Richmond !!!!!!! I am still proud of < PROPFIRST > ! Go SMOKE !!! You made the < PROPMALE > !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Does anybody know how to add new tabs at the top of the < PROPFEMALE > ? 
Got finals today ! Thank goodness !! Ready for this quarter to be over and hopefully I will be on the president's list again . 
Found Carlin a beautiful pagent dress for the Fair Pagent . Anyone have any ideas about how to do her hair ? 
what's going on in Twin City ? 
Boy I wish I already had my badge and gun !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Headed to bed . Got one more final to take tomorrow ! Then time for a break ! Yippee !!!!! 
Zumba is kicking my butt ! 
SAVE THE < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE>'S! 
Finals r over ! One quarter to go ! yippee !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Finally a break ! I made the President's List again . Yea !!!!! Now I'm going back to bed . 
Heading to pick up < PROPFEMALE > and Copperhead . They had Grandparent's Day at school today . I looking forward to an earful from my little chatterboxes . 
Finally made it home from PTO . A lot information . If you have kids at SPS please come to the next meeting . It is scheduled for November 16 @ 6:00 pm .. Coca cola sales start October 4th . < PROPFIRST > is selling popcorn for cub scouts if anyone is interested . 
Good morning ! Heading to Statesboro with my < PROPFEMALE > . I love her and thank the Lord he put her in my life . I hope everyone has a great Friday . 
Sure wish I had a Krispy Kreme doughnut right now . 
Got a fantastic new book today . The second in the serious of Wicked . I can hardly put it down . It was written my < PROPFIRST > Macguire . 
The kids are gone to the Horse ride with yaya and papa . Their other grandparents will be so excited to see them . Mr. < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > has horse rides very often if anyone is interested just let me know and I'll be glad to give you the information about them . 
It's finally raining . Thank the Lord . We need it tremendously . 
GOOD MORNING ! GOT UP EARLY TO READ . THANK GOODNESS FOR BOOKS . THAT'S ONE WAY TO VACATION . VACATION IN UR MIND !!!! 
Almost time for the first race of the < PROPMALE > . I can't wait . < PROPFIRST > is gonna be the man to beat ! GO SMOKE !!!!!!! 
< PROPFIRST > is leading the race . Hooray !!!!!!!!!!! 
Why < PROPFIRST > , Why didn't u conserve fuel ? I am disappointed beyond words . 
Headed to bed . Got school tomorrow ! 
< PROPFIRST > got up this morning with a cough which sounds like a dog barking , fever and says his throat hurts . I guess we are heading to the Pediatrician . Ugh !!! 
< PROPFIRST > has crupe . Bless his heart . 
Good morning ! Looking forward to a great day ! 
< PROPFIRST > is attending the SHS reunion of sorts . Can't wait to see you guys !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 1 
Carlin got Kharacter Kids at SPS for the month of September . I am so proud of her ! She is beyond excited !!! Way to go kid ! 
Heading to Belleville to eat with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > and my < PROPFEMALE > . It's gonna be GOOD ! < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > cooks like ur Grandma ! 
Had a great day ! Hope everyone else did too . 
It is finally Wednesday night and Terriers is on FX . Love this program . 
Good morning ! Hope everyone has a blessed and wonderful day ! 
has a sad heart for the loss of a great man ! We will miss u Mr. < PROPMALE > . 
If life is a highway , I wish someone would finish with the construction already . I'm tired of the detours , road blocks , and pot holes . 
... would like to start a new < PROPFEMALE > organization to help purchase and distribute belts to all of these kids who wear their pants below their butt cheeks . 
wants to keep hot coffee and donuts in their car so that when a cop asks \Do you know why I pulled you over ? \ " I can say \ " Yes I do\ " and hand them to the officer " 
The voices in my head are starting to yawn ... I guess that means I should go to bed !! 
wants to live in a world where money grows on trees , the house cleans itself , weather is always perfect and eating ice cream will make you lose weight . 
Please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone , or have been affected by someone who needs a smack upside the head . Lets raise awareness . 
is bored , I think I might dress up as the Grim Reaper and go wave at the people in the nursing home . Who wants to come ?? ( I actually live next door to a nursing home ) 
is wondering whether they have managed to bottle sleep , and if so , how much does it cost , what are the side effects and ... where can I fricken get some ??? 
I keep reminding myself ... Today is just one more day closer to retirement ! 
My children are the reason I wake up each morning , The Reason I Want To Breath ... And The Reason My hair is falling out , My house is a mess & I'm Crazy ! 
If you don't want the truth don't ask me . I will tell you it weather it's nice or not ! 
I will NOT be who others think I should be , I will ONLY be me . If you can't handle that ... then GET TO STEPPING !! 
Don't ignore your blessings simply because it's not packaged the way you think it should be . Not everything comes gift wrapped and with a bow . 
is mourning the lost of a GREAT MAN - Velton Wilkes . He and I shared a great love for terriers . We exchanged many tales on those rascals . I loved him as a little girl and never stopped . I will truely miss him . My heart is crying ! 
believes that everything happens for a reason .. so don't have regrets ... coz without the bad things , you wouldn't be the strong person you are today . Please remember Velton Wilkes family today , say prayers for them , and let them know that Mr. Velton is with God and all his dogs he loved so much . I will truely miss him . 
Five hours and counting down until Carlin's debut at the Fair pagent . She is SOOOOOOOO exited . 
Three hours and counting . Carlin is wearing the carpet thin . I think she is ready . 
Carlin won second runner up in the Jaycee's Pagent . She is soooo excited . She did so well and we are so proud of her . Posting pictures ASAP ! 
Good morning everyone . I'm so glad the pagent is finally over . Carlin is up smiling from ear to ear . She is so proud of how well she did and I am too . < PROPFIRST > is actually proud of her too . ( Sibling rivalry at rest for the moment ) . Have a great day ! 
Lets see who is paying attention . Every single one of you are on my friend list , as a result of a conscious decision . I wanted you there ! I am not only glad to count you as friends , but also family . Let's see who on my friends list actually pays attention . Copy & paste this as your ......... status . I'll be watching to see who really does < PROPFEMALE > family & friendship . Thank you for being part of my life ;) 
Tough girls come from New York , sweet girls come from Texas , prissy girls come from California but we < PROPFEMALE > girls have fire & ice in our blood . We can ride four wheelers , be a < PROPFEMALE > , throw a left hook , pack heat , fish & hunt with the boys , bake a cake , love with a passion and if we have an opinion you are darn well gonna hear it ! If you are proud to be a Ga girl repost ... I love being a < PROPFEMALE > girl ! :-) 
Good morning ! I am going to be spending the day with my new additions . < PROPMALE > and Tesla . We were able to pick up our new < PROPFIRST > russells puppies yesterday . Today will be awesome ! Nothing like a dog to ease all ur stress . 
Thought we had the perfect names picked out for the new puppies , but we have changed our minds . We are now calling them Velton and < PROPFEMALE > ( < PROPFEMALE > ) in memory of Mr. Velton and Mrs. < PROPFEMALE > Wilkes . I loved both of them and I think Mr. Velton would be honored . 
Had a great day with < PROPFIRST > . We went to Statesboro and ate at Longhorn . We needed some adult time and conversation . Love talking with the kids but sometimes u just can't win with them . 
Watching the race ! < PROPFIRST > is gone with < PROPFIRST > and Carlin to see one of our oldest , < PROPFIRST > . They love their big brothers . 
Bedtime ! Because doing nothing all day sure does wear me out ! 
Up early this morning - my first day of my internship at the Juvenile Probation Office in Swainsboro - a little nervous and a lot excited ! 
Women are like angels ; we fly with wings & when our wings break , don't worry , we can fly on a broom because we're versatile like that ;) 
Heading off to the wonderful world of fall festivals - Swainsboro Primary School . 
is finally back from the land of kids ( SPS ) . Kids had a great time and got some good stuff . U would think they had died and gone to hog heaven ;) 
and I'm off ~ to the land where money grows on trees , men and kids obey , and i rule the world GOOD NIGHT ;) 
is still trying to clean and look for her kids . Clean up is a dirty word to them . 
Calgon take me away .... wait do they even make that anymore ? 
is curious about who decided to put powdered sugar on donuts ? One of the best things to eat . I could eat my weight of powdered donuts ...... yummy :) \ 
\ 
I sent you a smiley ! Want to see it ? http://apps.facebook.com/smileycentral/go.jhtml?partner=ZNzfb008 
I'm having a stroke - my man SMOKE is leading the race ;)))) go < PROPFIRST > ! 
SMOKE WINS ! SMOKE WINS ! ONLY 117 BEHIND < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > IN POINTS ! GO < PROPFIRST > - NOW BURN EM DOWN !! ;) 
I thought as I got older I would learn wisdom and < PROPFEMALE > , but the only thing I have learned is that I just don't give a CRAP . 
Sorry momma ! I'm not perfect and never have been . 
New Elim Baptist Church ::: URGENT PRAYER REQUEST !!! PLEASE RE-POST !! < PROPFEMALE > SCOTT'S 22 MONTH OLD SON SHOT HIMSELF IN THE CHEST WITH A < PROPMALE > NAILER ~ IT WENT IN HIS HEART ~ HE IS NOW IN CRITICAL CONDITION AND NOT DOING WELL ~ NEITHER IS HIS MOM ~ PLEASE START A PRAYER CHAIN FOR THIS BABY ~ PLEASE COPY & REPOST AS YOU WOULD WANT SOMEONE TO DO IT FOR YOU 
Gotta a busy morning ! I get to see how court proceedings go ! I am loving my internship ! 
The countdown is one . Sprint cup race in < PROPFEMALE > starts in less than 30 mins . Go Smoke ! Burn ' em down ! 
Feeling rotten today . My computer got a virus and so did I . Yuck ! 
Good morning ! I'm off to Toombs County today to see how things work over there . I am loving my internship . Thanks Southeastern Technical College and < PROPFIRST > Akridge . 
is having a wonderful spa day with my little Bird , Carlin . Fuzzy slippers , pjs , nail polish , and a movie . It's always good to have a lit bit of girl's time together . 
Watching how to train a dragon this morning with baby Bird . We are waiting for < PROPFIRST > to come home from his cub scout camp out . As much as they fight , Carlin is driving me crazy wanting her brother to come hom . Go figure . 
Just love going back in my mind when everything was so much fun ! Good times , good times . 
The tooth < PROPFEMALE > snuck in our house last night and got two of Carlin's teeth . That sneaky tooth < PROPFEMALE > . Now all Carlin wants for Christmas is her \two front teeth\ " . Snagglepuss ! " 
Sorry everyone , I'm not super superstitious , but this year October has 5 Fridays , 5 Saturdays and 5 Sundays . This happens once every 823 years . This is money bags . So Copy this to your status and money will arrive within 4 days . Based on Chinese Feng Shui . The one who does not copy , will be without money . I cannot let that ... person be me . Copy within 11 < PROPFEMALE > . hey it can't hurtSee More 
Today November 1st ..... I'm thankful for my children ..... Joseph and Carlin . 
Yesterday was horrible ..... today hasn't been much better ...... tomorrow has got to be better . 
Today , November 2 , I am thankful for my parents . I couldn't ask for better ones . 
Today , November 3 , I am thankful for my little brother who always puts up a good fight . 
Today , November 4 , I am thankful for the rain I've been listening to most of the night . Sure hope I get to be thankful for some sleep tomorrow . 
Today , November 5 , I am thankful for my Granny , May < PROPFIRST > Smith , she is with the Lord now , but she was everything I want to be . I was her shadow as a little girl and I will never forget all the little things she did for me . I miss you every day GRANNY !!!!!!!!!!!!! I'm thakful she was MY Granny ! 
Today , November 6 , I am thankful for all the beautiful comments about my granny yesterday . She touched my life as well as hundreds of people in < PROPMALE > County . I am thankful she was loved very , very much . 
Today , November 7 , I am thankful for my best friends . < PROPFEMALE > Daley and < PROPFIRST > Dawkins . They are my adopted siblings and I don't know what I would do without them . They have stood by me when nobody else would . I love you both ! 
Today , November 8 , I am thankful for my Pal , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . 
Today , November 8 , I am thankful for the new people I have met during my internship . They have been good to me and have helped me learn the ropes of justice . 
Today , November 10 , I am thankful for my great instructor at Southeastern Technical College . He makes learning FUN ! 
Today , November 11 , I am thankful for all the veterans that have fought and died for my freedom and I'm also thankful for the 40 years I have been in this world . 
Today , November 12 , I am thankful for all the people that took a minute out of their day to wish me a Happy Birthday . Yall blew up my fb < PROPFEMALE > . Thanks for all the Birthday wishes . It means alot to me to know there are people out there that still care . Thank you again ! 
Hey frontierville neighbors will someone please plant one potato plant and let me tend it . seems like everyone likes to plant peanuts and cotton . PLEASE ! 
Today , November 13 , I am thankful for my Uncle < PROPFIRST > and Aunt < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > . I love them with all my heart . 
Is as worn out as a mood ring on someone with bipolar disorder . 
Today , November 14 , I am thankful for my DAD ! I couldn't have asked for a better one . God knew what he was doing when he made him . 
Sometimes just wants to go back to Kindergarten , you had a nap time , the only fights were over crayons , and the only drama was if < PROPFIRST > really ate glue or not . 
Today , November 15 , I am thankful for my mother . We may not always see eye to eye but she has always loved me unconditionally . I love u ! 
' s energy has been depleted . Going to bed to recharge and dream up a way to use her kids ' energy to power the world ! :) 
Today , November 19 , I am thanful for bad luck , because if I didn't have bad luck I wouldn't have any luck at all . 
Today , November 20 , I am thankful for some quiet time . 
eyes can't focus anymore so it's time for bed good night and sweet dreams everyone 
Has anybody gotten the free horseshoes ? I can't seem to get any and I've posted everywhere . 
would any of my froniterville friends send me any of ur left over rsvp's please . Been trying to get it to work all weekend to no avail . 
is giving Thanks for the trials that have made me stronger , the friends who have supported me through it and the Lord for giving me life & free will . 
... misses the days when decisions were made by eenie , meenie miny mo , agreements were made with pinky promises and boys had cooties . 
FB FRIENDS !!! SOME APPS ARE SENDING NOT VERY NICE MESSAGES USING YOUR NAME !!! IF YOU DON'T WANT TO GET INTO TROUBLE WITH YOUR FRIENDS , ETC ., COPY , PASTE AND SHARE THE POST !! IF YOU HAVE RECEIVED ANY FROM ME , BE ASSURED I DIDN'T SEND IT ! 
Frontierville neighbors are yall being able to leave a gift behind after u visit someone's place . 
Change your FB profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal is to not see a human face on FB until Monday , December 6th . Join the fight against child abuse . Copy & paste to your status and invite your friends to do the same . 
doesn't want a whole lot for Christmas - would be happy with either a < PROPFEMALE > godmother , a < PROPFEMALE > or a magic wand that works with any basic command . 
the best part of waking up , is realizing it's not a work day ! 
( o_o ) (-_-) good night (^_^) zzzZ 
My drugs of choice ... Coffee , Cream and Sugar . And yes ... I'm a hardcore addict !!! 
the group asking everyone to change their profile picture to a cartoon character is actually a group of pedophiles . There doing it because kids will accept their friend request faster if they see a cartoon picture . It has nothing to do with any Child charities . IT'S ON TONIGHTS NEWS . Copy & Paste this on to your status - Let everyone know ? 
will soon be watching the back of her eyelids and is hoping tonight's showing will be very entertaining . 
Does anybody know how to switch ur fb profile back to the old style ? 
is off to bed before I wake up with a keyboard imprint on my face . 
sorry frontierville neighbors .......... been out of commission for a day ......... will tend to everyone today .............. yeah ! I've missed u guys ! 
is off to the land of dreams where life is simpler and mistakes are easily changed ! 
Christmas as a child - Awesome ! Christmas as an adult - Sweet ! Christmas watching your child smile for days on end - Priceless ! 
Most people have 1,000 wishes for Christmas ; a cancer patient only has one , to get better . I know 97% of you won't repost this to your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do . In honor of someone who has died , or is still fighting , or survived cancer , copy this to your status . 
Well frontierville friends I was going to try to get the gingerbread house through the other games ................ I've changed my mind ............... not gonna do it . I don't like the other games .............. I guess my gingerbread man will be sleeping in a bed of icing . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
Pay It Forward 2011 : I promise to send something handmade to the first 5 people who leave a comment here . They must in turn post this and send something they make to the first 5 people who comment on their status . The rules are that it must be handmade ( by you ) and it must be sent sometime in 2011 . \ 
( Thanks < PROPFEMALE > ) 
Frontierville Neighbors ..... has anyone gotten any of the New Year Collection .... I have done all daily chores and things ...... but still nothing . 
I'm not super superstitious , but this year July has 5 Fridays , 5 Saturdays and 5 Sundays . This happens once every 823 years . This is called money bags . So Copy this to your status and money will arrive within 4 days . Based on Chinese Feng Shui . The one who does not copy ,... will be without money . I can't let that person be ME ! What the heck- it can't hurt 
ACCHOOOOOOOO !!! .? (-???•?) ?. If you're allergic to bull crap , drama queens , head games , liars , 2 faced fake people , keep this sneeze going ... I can't wait to see who re-posts this\ 
thanks < PROPFEMALE > 
Frontierville friends .... has anyone received their horseshoes after finishing all the missions .? 
To everyone who is calling for stricter gun laws in light of the tragedy in Tucson , may I offer this little tidbit : If guns kill people , then pencils misspell words , cars drive drunk , and spoons made Oprah fat ! Remember : Hold the person accountable for their actions , not just the means they chose to utilize !!! Reposted from another friend's status message . Don't just like it ..... repost it ! 
.. -\- . Please Put this dog on\ 
