is celebrating new years 3 hours before everyone else 

Happy New Years --- in 3 hours for everyone else ! 
plane delayed for almost two hours :( Stuck at airport . Meh . 
is a spyyyyy . 
< PROPMALE > ; You need to call me at home . Thx 
mroowrrr 
Mental Breakdown ; Initiated 
Initiate Mental Breakdown ; 5 . 4 . 3 . 2 . 1 . ; Breakdown initiated 
died laughing . \ARE YOU A HEATHEN ? DO YOU NOT SORT YOUR LIGHTS AND DARKS ? \"" 
bonfire party coming up . CONTACT ME if you want to go . 
Auuuugghhhh ! 
bowchickawowow 
is getting ready for tonight 
needs ... firewood 
wants sherbert . 
Happy < PROPFEMALE > de los padres ! :) Luv you daddy ! 
Waterpolo tomorrow ! :) 
My mind is a mind that I have come to know And my eyes can't conceive a world that can not grow And Fridays are always fresh days 
????? !! Freedom for the Iranians ! 
I want to be a dinosaur when I grow up D: Specifically a velociraptor . Then I could eat pansies . 
RararaPracticeTodayrararara 
OH MY GOODNESS 
mrowr 
is enjoying some downtime and reflecting 
is listening to Robots by Flight of the Conchords and getting pumped for TRANSFORMER 22222 
Transformers 2 was AMAZING 
< PROPFEMALE > and I need something to do today . Thats fun 
wants to go to Hurricane Harboorrrr 
wants to see Transformers 2 again and go bowling . As a zombie . 
finished baking brownies . \It's amazing how one girl can accumulate so many legos ! \ " I'm now spending my time categorizing those legos :) " 
found her phone ! 
Jumanji = Best . Movie . Of . All . Time . 
Wants to build an awesome beach fort this week . 
Everyone's writing poetic or sappy status ' D: But I guess I'm not cool enough . 
waterpolo today . 
is crispy and pissy and burned and tired and sore . But still wants to get into the pool and try out some of these new moves . 
is going to see BRUNOOOO tonight 
My ffaaaceee isss horribbllleeee 
wants to see < PROPMALE > potpot . D: 
I want something to do this week . 
thinks she just totally screwed up her back . D: 
cool beans with < PROPFEMALE > 
psyched for TUESDAY 
HURRICANE HARBORRERRR 
I'M SO TIIREEEDDD 
< PROPMALE > POTPOT 
3-8 Year olds my ass ! 
< PROPFEMALE > COOK . I just bred my Labrador with my Sheepdog . 
< PROPFEMALE > . You can rest easy tonight . I just found PUTPUT goes to the < PROPFEMALE > , KIDS CUBE , Dogz 3 and Catz 4 . NOT TO MENTION Tarzan . We are partying it Cook-Curtis style soon . 
is listening to Bulgarian chanting . It's pretty badass . 
< PROPFEMALE > needs to learn how to keep her pants on 
:( I want to go see < PROPFEMALE > jam ! Damn you school ! 
What's on my mind ? College . Meeeerrrrrrr 
is going to party it up < PROPFEMALE > Cook style . However , anyone up for a ge t-t ogether / sleepover at the < PROPFIRST > Residence this weekend ? Amenities include food , fishing area , swimming hole , and adventure dome . 
just got stung twice by a yellow jacket :( 
going to go see < PROPMALE > again with KittyCat and < PROPFEMALE > Cook . If you are free FRIDAY AND/OR SATURDAY CALLL/MESSAGE < PROPFEMALE > 
There are a swarm of bees on my stoop . 
sattuurrdayy 
Titalating Tyranasauruses Yank Trees 
:( 
Thank you everyone so far , I am so lucky to have such good friends and family . 
has a day off tomorrow . Morning is family time , and afternoon I get to see my lovely kids . 
is checking her facebook on a new laptop . 
I keep getting this asian invitations on facebook . NO COMPRENDO 
hold your mistake up , before they turn the summer into dust . 
BAM and then it was friday 
Today is the day 
Rawr 
... 72 hours till escuela . 
How does everyone know their schedule already ???!!! 
Guess who has Coach Mallon next year .... I do ! 
School is in 1 and a half days 
Everything is falling into place 
Cramming a dive trip in tomorrow before Orientation . It should be a nice day ... 
is in .... English 10 ??? 
Is farming and harvesting her farm before school ... 
My room is almost done ... just some paint and I'm set . 
I cant freaking find deffinitions for a general theory . Is it general theory of relativity ? or just general theory . HELP MEEEE 
Its .... only monday ?!! 
Memories fade , like looking through a fogged mirror Decisions to decisions are made and not fought 
Room is almost done !! 
music suggestions anyone ?? 
Working ( with low pay ) tomorrow :( Hot , and have to wear black pants . Oh the joys of weekends 
Sooo , pretty much that was hell ; 8 hours , 106 degrees , I was told we were going to babysit and serve a bit of food . We set up half the ceremony , served all the food , and pretty much catered the whole thing . Got bitched out by people for helping and I also got stung by a < PROPFEMALE > , spilled punch all over myself , and then got a nosebleed . Yayyy weeekenndss 
And since there's no one else around , We let our hair grow long and forget all we used to know Then our skin gets thicker from living out in the cold 
... going to Monterey this weekend , BAM 
is stoked for Monterey AND PEARLJAM freck yes . 
Back from Monterey ... much to my dismay 
is designing ring(s ) 
homework ?? 
SOMEONE PLEASE help me ; forgot chem book ; just list what the questions are asking , THANK YOU 
I can say I hope it will be worth what I give up If I could stand up mean for the things that I believe-Santogold 
had fun with all her buds at the bonfire last night . So lucky ! 
Finishing up her history poster 
so not looking foreward to school tomorrow . 
What are the chemistry questions ? Forgot the book again > < someone write them up please :( 
I totally know what I NEED to be for halloween . It starts with an L . 
AARRRRTTTY FAARTTYY . \Make ur lines thicker !!! \"" 
Feathers falling from Grey Fold them into pieces Tied openly-Phoenix 
Where would you go With a lasso Could you run into Could you go and run into me-Phoenix 
Gone tomorrow . Love you guys 
Passed the DMV test . 
Can anyone give me a ride tomorrow ?? 
As mysterious as the Dark side of the MOOOOONNN 
is stoked for tomorrows games and TTN 
tiiiirrreeeddd 
Tired , finished < PROPMALE > , don't want to go to school tomorrow :( 
Meeerrrrr . If I could take another class besides english I WOULD . 
GRRRR Wheres mah phone ! 
AUUURRRGGHHH . I can't wait untill Polo season , bcuz untill then I don't have PURPOSE to go to school D: 
TACOSUNDAY 
Movie = amazing 
TACOSUNDAY . Damn straight 
whoooo 
If you need directions to tacosunday/any questions dont call my cellphone ! call 805-701-6464 , or 805-640-1419 :) please tell people that ! lol 
STOKED for < PROPFEMALE > JAM 
DAMN STRAIGHT 
Polo boys are going to DOM-I-NATE Nordhoff tomorrow . Eff the 3foot pool though . 
Super sick . FML 
Inner ear infection , likely suspect -> PearlJam . Fuck you < PROPFIRST > Vedder and your amazingly but super loud music :( 
What was the nordhoff waterpolo game score/how did the boys do ? 
FUCK MY NEIGHBORS . 7 o clock is an UNGODLY hour to wake up when you're sick . It sounded as if they were banging on sheets of metal right at my door . They're still doing it . EVERY FREAKING WEEKEND . GO TO CHURCH OR SOMETHING ASSHOLE 
Still sick , feeling sort of better . I WANT TO BE BETTER SO I CAN DO SOMMEETHIIINGG 
Packed weekends . Knotts Scary Farm next weekend , Homecoming (?) week after , then I can actually have weekends to do /whatever the hell I want/ 
http://sendables.jibjab.com/view/xK39ew3FY6G0cSUR 
ITS RAINING . Lets go fsu in the MUD . 
PERVERT ALERT : < PROPFIRST > Berryman 
PERVERT ALERT : ' Austen ' Berryman 
Knooootttss scaaryyyyy faaarmmmm !!! 
is hoooooommmmeeee 
I found my phone ! hahaha yeah ! 
SCREW DAT 
homecoming was pretty fun . 
What does the beggining of our english essay need to be ?? 
Its FINALLY getting cold 
What if I dont want to draw a dead bird in a beautiful landscape ???!!! 
Got her permit 
822 words to goooo :( 
is seeing LADY GAGAAAAA 
500 words 
886 wooorddssss . 
Chem expirement measuring if seaweed and algae could be used as an alternate energy source ( or ) measuring light intake of seaweed/algae and its relation to how much energy it produces shiiiiit maaaann 
Cleaning house 
Efffing engliiissshhh :( 
Note : It wasnt the OVS Tennic coach that ran over Ms. D . Stop spreading the rumors ! 
The guy on jeapordy right now ( ch . 7 ) looks like a cross between < PROPFIRST > Churchill and < PROPMALE > McPhee . He's in the middle 
muuuurrrrrr 
Cats don't ABIDE by the laws of nature ... 
i need some 35mm film . Voooons here I coooommmee 
I have to write a speech for the jun . breakfast . WTH DO I SAY ???? 
1000awesomethings.com; #671 Reuniting a sock from the Sock Orphanage Drawer with its freshly washed , once lost brother or sister sock 
Future tramp stamp courtesy of Coach ; Knowledge = Confidence = Aggressiveness = power = victory I think I'm missing one ... hmmm 
stoked for tomorrows scrimage . Supposedly there will be quiet a few fans going ? Score ! 
fuck essaayyysss :( 
Beyond stressing out . What the hell am I doing ? SCHOOL NEEDS TO END . 
was fort sumter a confederate or union fort ?? 
yayyyy moorrniing swiiimmm 
Am I ; A ) Going to your strong side ? or B ) Going to your week side ? FALSE . TRICK QUESTION . OVVVERRR 
tiireeeddd 
DAMN . WE ON FIIIREEE 
Yeaah , go siiistahhh 
I'm sick :( Of course its on the most important week of school and right before our second game and first tourney . FRECK . 
You want fries with that , bitch ?! YEAH GIRLS WATERPOLO 
I have a jonseing for < PROPFIRST > bros . 
DOMINATION . Stoked for the tourney ! 
WE HAVE TO WIN THE FIRST GAME TOMORROW . Only way we get a < PROPMALE > to watch ' The < PROPFEMALE > and the frog ' or w/e with coach . 
one day till I'm 17 . 
Thanks everyone for the birthday wishes :D 
Feliz Navidad ! 
Going to Floor - Eee - Dah 
met a cute guy on the plane . Yay technology ! 
Is it the face of a child ? Is it the thrill of danger ? Is it the kindness we see in the eyes of a stranger ? I say its love ! - Sugarland 
You know I'd wait forever If I have time to But I don't have forever To wait for you yeah- < PROPFIRST > meego 
One of these mornings will be the loudest you hear , You'll write your story on firecracker paper , and dissapear , near dissapear , and dissapear . -Blind Pilot 
What time is it ? GAME TIME . 
Oaks is going DOWN tomorrow ! 
Watch it malibu . VILLANOVA is going to bring a nice cold glass of DOMINATION on tuesday 
Do one thing every day that scares you . 
Future < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is playing wheel of fortune right now . Channel 7 . Thank you god . 
Happy birthday coach ! 
Going to a trade show con mi hermano . Excited ! 
Had an awesome day yesterday :3 
Wants the 3 day weekend to be here 
OH MY GOD WATCH JEAPORDY . THE CHICK IN THE MIDDLE IS TOTALLY A BEFORE-SURGERY MANNNNN 
when i grow up i want to be a forester run through the moss on high heels that's what i'll do throwing out boomerang waiting for it to come back to me 
Stoked for Malibu tomorrow ! 
:( No playoffs this year girls . Work hard offseason and we will take first place nexxt year though !! 
Long Beach Weeekennnddd ! 
( 858 ): you were watching a documentary about sharks and wouldn't stop stroking my legs and whispering \what if they could walk ? \"" 
Had fun tonight . I love my friends :) 
Do we have homework ? 
I'm not a rapper , I'm a speaker with a knack for rhyming 
Rainy day Rainy mind 
Meow 
Had a lot of fun . love you < PROPFIRST > , love ya < PROPFIRST > ! 
DVNO Four capital letters WRITTEN IN GOLD 
:) 
hopes Hawaii will fare okay and there won't be a tsunami :( 
then I'll dig a tunnel from my window to yours . You climb out the chimney and meet me in the middle , the middle of the town . And since there's no one else around , we let our hair grow long and forget all we used to know , then our skin gets thicker from living out in the snow . 
Theres more to you than what you know , believe , or even choose to be ; what you ignore . Theres more to love than just the lust and pain , and comfort isnt based on whats the same . More .. Theres more in store . Beyond what you have seen before before . Proven action aint philosophy . 
Good morning , Monday . Good morning , March . 
I just want back into your head 
Will someone tell me what the english questions are ? Stupid me forgot my book :( 
Somehow you know How to get inside this heart of gold 
When you feel it you know , you know and I know , I know . 
Mowmow 
You can't stay in your corner of the < PROPMALE > waiting for others to come to you . You have to go to them sometimes . -Winnie the Pooh 
They're funny things , Accidents . You never have them till you're having them . 
Meyow 
Aliiiccee 
If I had a world of my own , everything would be nonsense . Nothing would be what it is because everything would be what it isn't . And contrary-wise ; what it is it wouldn't be , and what it wouldn't be , it would . You see ? 
Alll dressed up for < PROPFEMALE > premierreee ! 
fuuuckkkk 
It's so much more friendly with two . 
\MaaDAM ! I ... am an old man . \"" 
Rain <3 
Tonight will be fun :)) 
Over 11274 < PROPMALE > in under 365 days . I will find my solitude somewhere . 
:) Mowmow 
hey there , Mr. happy squid , you move so psychadelically You hypnotize with your magic dance all the animals in the sea 
I'd rather dance , I'd rather dance than talk with you 
Tee-Gee-aye-eff 
Hanging with the Hildalgo 
Sooo ... is it 7:58 right now , or 9:58 ?? 
Movie toonigghttt 
had fun in SB with < PROPFEMALE > :) Mowmow 
But you and I now , we can be alright . Just hold on to what is true . You and I now , though its cold inside , feel the tide turning . 
Whats going on this weekend ? Mehhh 
If I was young I'd flee this town , bury my dreams underground . 
TRUCKS DONE . HELLS . TO . THE . YES . 
is cleaning out the truck . Muy divertido ! 
I'ma taker , know what the stakes are . 
homeeeworkkkk 
TGIF 
Had a fun night with < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > . Chased by shitty souleparkpatrol 
mowmow Saturday 
Snails see the benefits , the beauty in every inch 
On dit qu’au dela des mers La-bas sous < PROPFEMALE > ciel < PROPFIRST > Il existe une cite Au sejour enchante 
retreaattt 
My new glasses arrived , they are very rad . Me gusta mucho ! 
Every day I visit 1000awesomethings.com and every day they hit it square on the dime . #561 Letting the waves bury your feet at the beach . 
Ahhhh , sunglasses came in ! :O Bombass 
watching Spice World . Fuck yeah ! 
One of these mornings will be the loudest you hear ; Write your story on firecracker paper . 
I'm 3/4 of a winner 
I want to go to the beach soooo bad . :( But I have no time this weekend . 
We were born to Hum 
Look at me , can't beleive I finally made it here . Feeling like I'm where I belong . -Hough 
Listos ! 
:( Todays the invitational and OF COURSE I have some sort of stomach something . Don't worry snugglebuddy , I'll be there ! Going to try and nap it off at home . 
gonna try and recupe so I can go to the banquet :( 
Starting to feel better ... :[ 
I lost some time once . It's always in the last place you look for it . 
Everybody has a secret world inside of them . All of the people in the whole world , I mean everybody . No matter how dull and boring they are on the outside , inside they've all got unimaginable , magnificent , wonderful , supid , amazing worlds . Not just one world . Hundreds of them . Thousands maybe . - Gaiman 
It's going to be a good day . 
< PROPFEMALE > and I biking into Ojai , text if you wanna < PROPFEMALE > out . And thats the way we get by ... 
Went for bike ride con mi hermana , played with chalk . Many , many motorcycles out . Feels like summer ): 
< PROPFIRST > , Get better and come home soon :( 
It's only fitting that today's awesome thing on 1000awesomethings.com is #538 Laughing so hard you start crying ... Ohhhh lordy 
Anyone want to do something tomorrow ? Want to get out of the house . :p 
Feel the tide turning ... 
Just got a 10pk of lipsmackers . Favorites gotta be Vanilla , Kiwi , Strawberry and Watermelon . Hellooo childhood . 
Took a shower , ready to dye some eggs con Beyye and Doolie 
omnomnomnom 
I'm starting blueprints for a time machine so I can FF to summer . 
It's a long shot . 
Ahhh , raiinnnn :3 
I am thinking of those strange , irretrievable days . 
Prom tomorrow con < PROPFEMALE > 
Soooo over it .... meh :( 
Make my home somewhere on Ha'apai ... 
Oh skinny love , what happened here ? 
What is there to do with my life today ? 
Watching the days go by , watching them drop like flies . 
Why is everything so stupid ??!! 
Anyone know how to tune a plectrum banjo ? 
A box of memories in the sea 
Cause I need freedom now And I need to know how To live my life as it's meant to be 
Of course the last night is raining . The beaches of Tonga are callling meeeee . 
chemeestree 
Home is where ever i'm with you 
One day down .... so tired ... coachella is Amazing !!! 
Lost my phone :( 
Just got home ... tiiireeddd 
Forever is a long , long time when you have lost your way- Phoenix was AMAZINNGG 
Things are looking up and towards the future 
I decided to make a checklist of what I need to complete my goals and dream . A little disheartening when I can't check off anything .... 
I need freedom now , and I need to know how to live my life as its meant to be ! 
Home is whenever I'm with you 
I'm not unfaithful but I'll stray 
And hey there , Mr. happy squid , you move so psychadelically You hypnotize with your magic dance all the animals in the sea 
My comfort became my greatest burden ... I will seek my unknown and leave all I have to < PROPFEMALE > , so that < PROPFEMALE > might set out and find it . -- 
~ 413 days untill I'm gone . The Summer Triangle will look after my travels and I will be successfull wherever I go . And you can't tell me otherwise . 
Oh boy you make me feel like oh boy you make me feel like no boy can make me feel like you . 
I just impaled my foot on a small , Blue ' Life ' game child . I'm not sure whether to blame < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , or < PROPFIRST > . 
It's one of those days that even though you know its beautiful outside you just want to curl up and go to sleep . 
mehhhhh 
Hopefully a good night sleep will fix everything . :( 
So over being sick ! :( 
Hopefully i can go to school and see all my friends tomorrow . :( tired of being stuck at home sick 
I need to accomplish something 
Auuugghhh , there's a large possibility I'm going to Johannesburg , South Africa and Ethiopia in < PROPFEMALE > to go see the 2010 World Cup . HOLYCRAPEXCITED . 
Way to make a good day bad , kiddo . 
Beach with the girls . Feelin ' waffles right now ! 
Beautiful day at the beach <3 
I'm so angry I feel like I have tourettes . 
Just made a $100 bet that I would participate in every day of hell week . What did I just get myself into ? 
fml 
I am a good person . 
FUCK . 
Oh boy . I know the truth in myself and have found my own voice and it doesn't matter anymore what you think because /I/ know that it is not the truth . It's good to have my freedom back . 
Working on spanish presentation . Wooooohoooo 
Ohhh lordy this will be a lonnngg nighhttt . 
I've been sleeping for 40 days and I know ive been sleeping because this dream is too amazing 
Lets shake this place to the ground and build it up again . 
Looking foreward to a good weekend of procrastination . I don't care if my paper is due monday , seeing old friends and family is deff more important . 
Rollin in the LB 
So beautiful down here !! 
Bottom line : what goes on now wont matter . Only me and you matter 
I am a long-term happy :) 
13 more days , kiddos ! 
I'm done . Lets get out of here and actually make something of ourselves and learn something useful to the body and soul , not just what society thinks is an education . The teachers always say how far our class will go and what leaders will be , but they don't even offer us the opportunities to /really/ make a difference and dislike it when we take action . 
I need out of the house .. meeehhhhhhrrrr 
I'll find strength in pain and I will change my ways . I'll know my name as its called again . 
People don’t think you’re capable of these things—they don’t realize what young people , what 16-year-olds and girls are capable of . It’s amazing , when you take away those expectations , what you can do- < PROPFEMALE > Watson <3 
Whats crackin ' today ? 
Cowgirls dont cry . 
Things are looking up . 391 days until freedom . 
Bad mood and rainy mondays . Lordy lordy i want to roam . 
Driving test today .... Fingers crossed ! 
Brake lights didn't work so I couldn't take the drive test . Bummmeeddd 
A good nights sleep doesnt always fix everything and you havent been in my dreams yet . Im looking foreward to the day when you are . 
La mer appelle mon nom et ne pas essayer de'arreter de me narguer . < PROPFEMALE > vie est sur l'ocean et mon amour est sous la surface ... 
Im tired of all of this drama . I make the request to be a normal teenager . 
Good evening bed , you are so comfy and warm and you know how to fix a bad day . I love you . 
Cooking with bellleee <3 
Looking foreward to my numerous adventures today <3 
Heading to the deerlodge with < PROPFEMALE > to see < PROPFIRST > play . Just a little scared . 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ; Professional Adventurists 
Yo quiero a tener < PROPFEMALE > aventura ahora o mañana . :( 
mowmowmow 
Only in the ojai movie theatre would the film actually melt . Sup . 
Ask me anything http://formspring.me/DrAdventure 
mowmowmow swimswimswim 
Lovely day in matilija with da boys . Continue on California weather , continue on ! 
395 
Getting ready for dindin with evs . Yeeaaayah 
In 18 days I will be on a plane heading for London and then a few days after I'll be heading to < PROPFEMALE > . All with my amazing brother <3 so excited ! 
Counting down the days and the hours And the minutes until Europe holds me in it's arms and adventure kisses my cheek . 
Watch out Europe , I'ma eff you up and do some damage . 
First day of summer ; drifting and dukeing it with the boys , fell on my ass , summer smells sweet 
Ask me anything ... Http :/ / www.formspring.me/dradventure 
So many good things are coming my way . Not to mention it's a perfect day outside !! 
First day o summer down ; waterhole with some awesome people , gelato , mustaches , back to the future 2 . Second day of summer ; I'm feeling beach . 
If things get heavy we will all float on , don't you worry we will all float on . 
The center of every man's existence is a dream 
I'm not righteous . I'm wrongeous and stupidgeous . 
If you like this status I will post something incredibly amazingly nice on your wall . 
Thank you < PROPFIRST > , < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > for showing me that Tuesdays can indeed be productive . SUP . 
I can't explain how productive and amazingly exciting my life is right now . 
Nothing says summer like sitting on the top of your Chevrolet watching the stars in a desolate sketchy area with two o your best friends 
Bonfire tonight , six flags tomorrow , long beach then Europe . Sup summer . If anyone wants to < PROPFEMALE > , text <3 
40 to fill half a tank . Wooooo . 
making friendship bracelets with aubs . 
Six flags ! Yeah ! 
Packing for lb and Europe <3 
You know , everything I am ... my unique spirit and personality .. everything that makes me ME is dependent on the proper functioning of this comples , fragile and miraculous chunk of meat that is my body . <3 < PROPMALE > waterson 
Leaving ojai tomorrow till July :( several people I want to say bye too but can't get ahold of 
Leaving ojai now . Ima miss you all ! Gimme your address if you want a postcard . 
First day of work . 4 days till Europe ! 
Change of plans ; staying till the 11th instead 
3 more day till Europe !! Blaaaahhhh !!! :)) 
Can't wait to see beautiful faces tomorow !!! 
Phones out of comission thanks boomers . Please omment with your address if you want postcards ! Leave for euro in an hour . :)) 
Just got into Beautiful Italy yesterday ! I miss all my boys and girls :( But I'll be back soon . 
Beautiful < PROPFEMALE > , sing to me some more ! 
Hot and humid . Jetlag has got me and I'm nap . Me gusta vacacion 
Coming home tomorrow !! If someone is willing to pick me up in LB or at the vta train station Thursday or friday message me !! 
Coming home today !! Yay for 20 hours of fly time ! :D 
I threw my iPhone on the ground angrily that t was dead and I had no phone . It turned on afterwards and eerything works lol 
Taking the train back to ojai :) 
As free as we'll ever be 
Words cannot describe how much I missed everyone ! I enjoyed hanging with all of you today <3 Thank you for being so welcoming , I felt as if I never left ! 
Summer nights , turn off the lights and travel to the stars and back . Gotta love the hot springs with a great group of kids 
Just made some chocolate covered strawberries and bananas <3 
\Why is he wearing sneakers ? Doesn't he know it's hard to swim with sneakers on ? \ " \ " OH DEAR GOD DON'T JUMP SNEAKER BOY . \ " I love < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE >." 
Always < PROPFEMALE > in philidelphia marathon with < PROPFEMALE > 
Hoooootttttt . :( 
ITS FACKING HOT . 
That river was a freeway in the dark . 
Reaaaally vad sunglasses tan . Thanks hurrican harbor . Sincerely thanks . 
OH MY GOD SHARK WEEK IS ALMOST HEEERRREEE . WE NEED TO HAVE PARTY ! I am shaking right now I am so FRACKING EXCITED . HOLY CRAP . AND there are great white sightings at the beaches ! DO YOU REALIZE HOW FRACKING EXCITED I AM ???!!! 
Holy shift ! Look at the asymptotes on that mother function ! 
Come on get higher loosen my lips , faith and < PROPFEMALE > and the swing of your hips , pull me down hard and drown me in loove- a cool cat named < PROPMALE > nathanson 
I HELD A FURKIN OCTOPUS . LIFE = COMPLETE 
Events are like cowards : they don't occur singly , but instead they would run in packs and leap out all at once . 
Full < PROPFEMALE > , hot springs , ojai california , and ' tree ' beautiful girls . Gotta love when the earth is in it's seasonal tilt towards the sun . 
Reaaaallly wanting to go to the swimming hole . murrrrr 
Ventura with the seeeester . Lord Jesus where is everyone ? 
Dear lord , the early millennium came rushing back to me today . ' You're a fine piece of real estate and I'm gonna get me some land . \ <3 < PROPFEMALE > " 
But I'll tell you the reason you couldn't get home . Cause there's nowhere you've been and it's nowhere you're going . Home is only a feeling you get in your mind . From the people you love and you travel beside 
Hawt spreengz 
Shark week only reminds me of how much I want to go shark diving :((( 
And I know we are young but we won't always be , so marry me ; lets not be that predictable young couple changing , moving on . 
I don't like you but I love you , seems I'm always thinking of you . 
10 day left . Lets go out with a bang and party it upppppp 
Darlin , Darlin , can you wait for the sun to come up ? Darlin , Darlin , will we wait for our friends to catch up ? 
:( On my way home I saw a little coyote skimper across the road and was bleeding . Pulled over and sat with it for a good half hour . Poor little guy looked so defeated . 
Wham bam thank you ma'am; heading to OFFICE DEPOT con < PROPFIRST > . Lets get this shiz together so I can be stylin ' with some badass folders . Probably with cats on them . 
Adventure Day = Complete success . 
Disneyland tomorrow !! :D 
Alrighty Senior year , hit me with your best shot . 
Home is only a feeling you get in your mind . From the people you love and you travel beside 
True happiness is only an adventure away ... <3 
It hasn't felt like home before you 
Just found a scorpion in my room . NOT COOL . 
You stole my heart and made it your own . 
meowmeowkitty 
Waterpolo tourney with th boys . Awful awful things are being said . 
It feels like an off day ... meh . 
eowmeowmeow 
Lets bounce and have an adventure we will be talking about until the sun explodes . 
Love it will not betray you , dismay or enslave you , it will set you free ; 
One , two , three , four , \ 
\ 
get your booty on the dance floor\ 
work it out , shake it little momma\ 
lemme see you do the < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > - 80s party at sams . Hell yeah . 
80s Friday Night with the best kids in the world , Saturday is supporting my boys at Malibu and going for a drive with the man I love , Sunday is getting to see my girls , sister , and < PROPMALE > . Won't be able to top this weekend for awhile <3 
vneck sunburn , left side sun burn , sunglasses tan . Malibu can suck it . 
I've been sleeping for 40 days and I know I've been sleeping cause this dreams too amazing ! 
Heading over to maroon 5 . Can't believe I'm actually going to see maroon 5 . Didn't they stop being popular in the late 90s early millenia 
It's been a long , long day . 
murrrr .... 
Isn't it awful that I'm already getting stoked for Coachella 2011 ? -5 monthhhhsss 
With Lucifer beneath you and God above\ 
If either one of them asks you what your living of\ 
Say love , say for me love 
Plan for the day ; go wildcat day shopping . Rent bad 80s movies from blockbuster . Go home . Watch said movies . I HATE being sick :( I'm so pitiful . 
We've got over $250 left in the wildcat day reserve where other teams only have 10 . Gotta love cheap T-Shirts 
Are we allowed to be in spirit dress tomorrow ? How is this going down ? 
3rd place in all categories . I am so proud of our tribe and of all the seniors in our , and every other tribe ! GO WILDCAT DAY 2010 
I really need to find a job . The cops are cracking down on prostitution and I'm going out of buisness ... 
9 months till July 
I get to see my beautiful kittens Gabe and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > today !! Yay ! 
These english questions will be the death of me ... I only have #2 done and the rest make no sense , Anyone want to help me ? 
Saved a baby bird :( It is now living in my room . 
Gonna go fsu in Long Beach for the weekend ! Its my big brothers birthday , I love you Nic ! <3 
It was a wild idea to start , a drip on the head got it wet in the heart . And it looked just like a river but was a freeway in the dark . 
mnomnomnomblindpilotnomnomnom 
Murr . I'm done with November . 
murrrr >:( 
Just made a shi t-t on of oatmeal chocolate chip cookies .. Nom 
Two weeks till Los Altos Tournament ! So excited ! 
My room is like the fortress of solitude in a frozen tundra . 
18 in 13 days . Oh what a concept ! 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > thinks fountains work by magic 
< PROPMALE > Caucasian and the Twelve Little People ; Girls tourney has been and will continue being very interesting ... 
Day one down . Day two and three to go . 
Tired .... exhausted .... shoulders hurt ... bruised .... cut up ... stomach hurts from laughing .... two more games and it is the time of my life . <3 waterpolo 
What the water wants is hurricanes , \ 
and sailboats to ride on its back . \ 
What the water wants is sun kiss , \ 
and land to run into and back . 
Thank god for Sufjan Stevens , because without him Finals week would be 10x more stressful than it already is . 
So excited for today's festivities !! :D 
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes and for all the people that made it amazing :) Love you all . 
Train ride down . Bus ride for about two hours and we will be in bend . It is a legit winter wonderland out here . 
Returning to ojai tomorrow ... very bittersweet , not sure I'm ready to leave oregon yet 
Leaving Oregon :( meh . 
Fear and anger baby , that's what I've got . 
I'm ready for an adventure . 
Oooh , it's the magical , mystery kind . Oooh , must be a lie-ieeee , bye bye to the too good to be true kind of love ! Ahhh , I could die , oh now I could die . 
You got the makings of greatness in you , but you got to take the helm and chart your own course . Stick to it , no matter the squalls ! And when the time comes you get the < PROPMALE > to really test the cut of your sails , and show what you're made of ! Well , I hope I'm there , catching some of the light coming off you that day . <3 Treasure Planet 
Dear god I could marry < PROPFIRST > Nord . Someone ... please ... get me < PROPFIRST > Nord . 
Mehhhh 
West coast planned ; Northern route to go . 
Meh . OVER IT . 
INFINITE PANCAKKESS ! 
I love how California winters are warmer than it was in fall . Song of the moment ; L.E.S. Artistes , only wish the speakers in the truck weren't so damn shitty . 
AHHHH COACHELLA !!! I think I'm going to start crying when I see mumford & sons 
About to go see ra ra riot and the givers :D 
Gonna go beat oaks Christian . Murrr 
Oh what am I supposed to do ? It's hard to stay cool . Oh when you smile at me ! and I get nervous every time you speak <3 Ra Ra Riot 
Friday night+Hot Springs+Eva Boyd+Andrew Meyer = Girls night out 
At the waterhole with beautiful miss . < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > :) it's toasty out here but the water is ice cold :( 
GUESS WHO'S GOING TO COACHELLA ?!?! This girl ! Only disapointment is that Avett brothers won't be there :( 
I've got a traveling soul ; born to leave . 
Going hiking with the \cool kids\ " :) " 
Foul mood , but hey . I've got some amazing friends and I'm alive . 
Stoked on pulverizing oaks Christian . Omnomnom 
It's been a good saturday ; Nom'd on pinkberry , chilled in SB , and screamed out to some funky classics with some great friends . 
and even though i don't know god\ 
I'm happy with the mystery\ 
and I'm certain that i feel her \ 
every time that you sing to me-cloud cult 
This is getting fucking ridiculous . < PROPFEMALE > got scratched in the eye and the refs wouldnt call a timeout and called the whistle after 30 seconds wanting the game to resume asap . Uhm HELLO . We have a girl crying with a wound over here ! W/e . No one ask me about carp tomorrow or I might kick you in the < PROPFEMALE > 
Tomorrow is the Girls Waterpolo Senior Game at 3:15 , everyone please come support ! 
6 years ago my mom passed away from ovarian cancer . Please keep her and all others that are battling or battled cancer in your thoughts and prayers . I love and miss you mom . 
Thank you to everyone who came to our senior game , it meant so much to me ! I am blessed to have all of these girls and these friends as my family :) 
What has two thumbs and is sick on a saturday ? THIS GIRL 
In the morning in the winter shade\ 
On the first of March on the holiday\ 
I thought I saw you breathing <3 sufjan stevens 
I had some gnarly fever dreams last night . Subconscious = Cah-razee ! Almost everyone was in at least every one of the dreams . Cool kids showed up more than once . 
If someone loves me they will pre-order the \Book of ( even more ) Awesome\ " for me D: " 
4 months and 6 days ; <3 
Surprise visit from my boys :) Love you guys ! <3 Good luck tonight Kolbeck ! 
I want to cry I am so happy with this downpour right now <3 
God ! Rashes are always horrible ! Especially when they are ... Down there :( 
Enjoyed penguin adventures with mcatee and < PROPMALE > , Big Blue broke down , then snow fights with the gang :) 
Mumford & Sons <3 Got the rest of their CD and fell in love all over again . 
Senior retreat tomorrow <3 Gonna be interesting ! 
Thank you everyone for the kind words and letters , you all mean so much to me . I am excited to spend the rest of the year with each and every one of you <3 
Garage saleing con mi hermana . It's nice and warm , feels like summer <3 
“The free soul is rare , but you know it when you see it - basically because you feel good , very good , when you are near or with them . ”\ 
— < PROPFIRST > Bukowski 
It was a monday , beginning of march , and while the rest of the country is chilly , my friends and I headed out for the beach and exploratory missions <3 Gosh , I love you guys . 
“Some people never go crazy , What truly horrible lives they must live” -CB 
Hope Japan fairs well today and all my friends families are okay :( 
It's like marrow without the bone . 
If this is what we’ve got , then what we’ve got is gold 
3 months exactly <3 
Darlin , do not fear what you don't really know because it won't last , worries will pass . <3 < PROPFIRST > Dennen 
It was a wild idea to start/We were lost in an hour , everything came apart/In the middle of nowhere/Oh man hey look where we are . -Blind Pilot <3 
Driving back from vta with Meyer , < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > . They were making fun of my laugh and all three were reenacting it ; hand flails and everything . I had to pull over because I couldn't breathe . 
