Now is the accepted time to make your regular annual good resolutions . Next week you can begin paving hell with them as usual . Yesterday , everybody smoked his last cigar , took his last drink , and swore his last oath . Today , we are a pious and exemplary community . Thirty days from now , we shall have cast our reformation to the winds and gone to cutting our ancient shortcomings considerably shorter than ever . 

We shall also reflect pleasantly upon how we did the same old thing last year about this time . However , go in , community . New Year's is a harmless annual institution , of no particular use to anybody save as a scapegoat for promiscuous drunks , and friendly calls , and humbug resolutions , and we wish you to enjoy it with a looseness suited to the greatness of the occasion . - < PROPFIRST > Twain 
Marriage shouldn't be reserved for the easily contented ! 
FRIDAY NIGHT FOOTBALL ! WWWOOOOOOOOO !!!! 
Getting everything together for the Heritage Days Fall Festival this weekend ! Oh and Kaylen's benefit ! Woo hoo ! Gonna be some good music ! 
\I'm a dragon . AND I BREATHE FIRE ! \ " ... R.I.P. < PROPFIRST > Fields " 
Officially the new apartment manager of Pikeville Garden Apartments ! 
There is no greater feeling than watching a project go from start to finish ... Pikeville is on its way ! 
Hmmm .... How to make money ... 
WOO ! WOO ! Got internet at my apartment !... and it's FAST ! :D 
UP-and-AT IT fellas ! Daylight is a wasting ! 
I found my bull snake ! lol ... it was hiding in my dresser ! 
I'd like to think of the war as preventative maintenance ... Woo hoo ! Free oil change ! 
Just left scene of a wreck ... Fortunately , there were no injuries ... 
What exactly does \poking\ " do ? Is it just a way of getting someone's attention ? hhhmmm ... someone poke me please lol " 
What does it mean when it's a Friday night and your content with just sitting at home eathing milk and cookies ? 
Headed to bed ... gonna get up early in morning and help cook breakfast with the squad . Come on by ! $5/plate and comes with juice or milk . We talking gravy&biscuits , eggs , fried taters , bacon , sausage , and maybe ham here folks ! Are you there yet ????? 
Will I climp up on your roof and put up your lights ? sure . Will I slip and slide down onto the gutters because it's so cold that the metal freezes over ? WHY NOT ! 
Woo hoo ! Sold my motorcycle ... in winter ! Now that's an accomplishment ! 
Just got through working a head-on wreck . Vehicles are designed to CRUSH ! Woah ... 
Farmville is gay ... 
Woo Hoo ! I start volunteering at the Chattanooga Aquarium Friday ! Why haven't I already been doing this ?!??!?! 
Woo Hoo ! Got elected as Vice-President of the Animal Control Committee ! 
You may be perfect for someone ... just not for me ! 
Leave me alone Facebook ! I'm trying to work on this school project ! Don't make me free my mind from your enslavement ! ... ( DELETE ) 
I'll give someone $50 to come do this essay for me :D JK ... or am I ? 
Had a great day of volunteering at the aquarium ! Got bit by a puffer while feeding , but it's all good ! 
Some people could get in bed with a carrot and be completely content . And it wouldn't even matter if it's orange or black , Pakistani or Thumberline ! 
TRY THIS ! Put a light bulb in a bowl full of water and see what it does ! It's so cool ... 
Correction : Put a light bulb in a bowl of water AND put it in the microwave ! It LIGHTS up ! 
Does anybody need a one bedroom apartment in Pikeville ??? 
Everyone having kids these days ... or at least trying it seems . Come on people , Seriously ... cover it up ! 
\Happiness is contingent upon contentness\ " - < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > " 
wants to make something happen in Pikeville ! Lets start an animal shelter , get jobs here , get businesses to fill up downtown , get recycling more attention , get some entertainment here , and make Pikeville a leader in using renewable energy !!! Ah ... where to start ... 
Once in 19 years , we can witness a \Blue Moon\ " on New Year's Eve ... Tomorrow night is the night ! What shall be our plans for enjoying it ????? " 
I need to hear some sounds that reconize the pain in me ... 
Man ... rough day ! Had a wisdom tooth pulled and then a water pipe burst in one of my apartments ! Now , I have a skating rink ... I'm charging $10 ( skates not included ) if anyone is interested ! 
Whether you think you can , or you think you can't; either way your right ! - < PROPFIRST > Ford 
You rarely regret the runs you do ; you almost always regret the runs you skip . LET'S GO RUNNING ! 
Sometimes I just want to run away from everything that ties me down ... Why is that ?!? Is it a fear of committment ? A clash on my free spirit ? An unquenched thirst for experience ?? Gah .. I'm so discontent ... and confused ! 
Thinking I should be a par t-t ime beach bum ... Planning a trip to Florida ... gonna camp on the beach for about a week or two ! 
Had some blood work done today ... I blacked out ! It .... was .... SCARY ! 
I have a DREAM ... 
It's amazing how media outlets control so much of what we accept as truth ... IT'S PATHETIC ! Just look at the difference between who MLK Jr. REALLY WAS and what is taught in our schools ... shielding us from the truth ... manipulating the influence ... 
In the dead of winter .... we have thunderstorms ? WHA THE ?!?! 
Getting an impromptu poker game together ... hadn't played in so long ! Ace's in the hole , baby ! 
Just shot myself in the leg playing a modified version of ' Russian Roulette ' 
\The unexamined life is not worth living \"- Socrates " 
\You're a glass house in a rock storm . \"- Jarrod < PROPMALE > " 
Studies show that self-actualized individuals are attracted to the mysterious , the chaotic , and the neurotic ... So THAT'S why I like you ! Hmmm ... 
The shakedown must never end ! 
Make sure to get up bright and early to eat breakfast with us at the Rescue Squad ! $5 a plate ... gravy , biscuits , eggs , bacon , sausage , ham , and taters ! C'mon ... you can ditch the diet for just one day ! :D 
... 
Proffessor Sorokin was right ; sex has been reduced to mere copulation ... way to go Freud ! 
AIDS ... the ultimate biological weapon ! 
Still can't believe I helped flood the Boneless Beauties gallery ... worst flood they've ever had ! lol \Danny ! Why didn't you tell me you turned the water on ?!?!? \"" 
Is it ok if I leave out the captions ?? 
SNOW AGAIN ?!?! Gees ... I'm just gonna stay inside til Spring gets here ! 
My gecko was murdered by it's food ! Gees man ... I thought you were hard ... 
Have you ever just got so engulfed in the struggle , that you lose yourself ? Maybe it's time we slow down to look around ... 
Why do dogs eat concrete ??? 
Hey everyone ... make sure you go down to Area 61 in Downtown Chat . tonight for ' Green Drinks ' . St < PROPMALE > s at 6pm ... pizza ... mountian music ... keg ... all inside an < PROPMALE > gallery !! All this for just $5 ! 
The journey of a thousand < PROPMALE > begins with one step ... GET TO STEPPING YA'LL! 
Who else is vexed by not updating their profile as much as is needed to show true colors ? 
Big thanks to everyone that remembered my birthday !... and for those that forgot ... I hope the easter < PROPFEMALE > gives you a big steaming turd ! :P 
Make sure to come check out my ' Think Green/TREEDC ' booth at the Green Festival tomorrow @ Coolidge Park ! It's gonna be http://lnk.ms/7y3Fg 
Keep an eye out for T.R.E.E.D.C. ! We want to connect green technology with economic development ! Ask me how you can get http://lnk.ms/7y3gj 
Made alot of good contacts at the Green Festival yesterday ... and made even more good friends at the LOVE FEST that night ! Loads of dancing , drum circles , and laughter ! Wow ... what a weekend ! 
If you know someone that knows someone that wants to sponsor a multi-megawatt gasification system , then let me know ! I got the connection ! T.R.E.E.D.C. meeting planned for today ! Keep an eye out for us ! 
In these times of re-adjustment , I wonder what will be left behind ... 
One heck of a Cinco/Seis De Mayo ! Fire+pinata+guitars = ADJETIVO ! Stayed up all night talking on the radio with FUNKMASTER < PROPMALE > and my car's ONLY key got broke off in the door , leaving me stranded !! Let's just write a narrative already ! 
Just got through skinning a turkey ! Hey ! I wasn't just gonna let it ruin in the road !!! 
WRECK ! GOTTA GO ! 
So is it true that Facebook retains ALL rights to what you post on your profile ?! It just can't be true ! SNEAKY SNEAKY .... 
My middle name is Spontaneous . Headed to a Braves game ! First time ever ! Camera in hand ... 
... Thinking I should take more time to plan and prioritize my days ... or just get a secretary ! I reallly REALLY hate missing the shot ! Story of my life ... GO BRAVES ! 
Does anyone know if Facebook has a photo upload limit ?? I'm having problems here ! 
MS WHAT ??? Der Der Der ... I'm a stupid consumer that don't care what is in the food I eat ... I hope we all feel played ! \ 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g-pnzj0c06Q 
Could it be that we fall behind other countries because other countries put a premium on education , rather than pop culture ? Just a thought ... 
One day ... that young boy will reach adulthood . And when he does ... he will tell of a time when his country was occupied . A time when his entire family was slain ... and a time when the flames of resentment were fanned indefinitely . 
So this oil spill ... hmmm ... I sure would have made alot of money if I had bet that BP was gonna bust ! Can we say derivatives ??? And can we also say \F*@# GREEDY PEOPLE\ " ? I sure can ... " 
Had a great time at The Factory in < PROPMALE > , TN yesterday ! It's T.R.E.E.D.C time in Tennessee ! Thanks to everyone for your support !!! 
So I'm really getting irratated with this new spin on facebook ! No facebook ... you can't find my opinion in a movie , tv show , or a book ! And quit seperating my sentences with commas and quit making everything a hyperlink ! Gees ! Don't make me go back to Myspace !! 
Since I'm not going to Bonnaroo :( , let's go down the Ocoee ! Woo Hoo ! 
Had a blast going down the Ocoee ! I rode the bull ... \GRACEFULLY\ " got thrown ... and then almost drowned ! WOOO !! Guess that's what I get for leaning forward !!! LOL " 
I'm just a soul whose intentions are good ... oh lord , please don't let me be misunderstood ! 
Got chunno-chopped last night ! 
The Pre is alive ! Hello productivity 
Gees !!! I need to get to work on my editing ! just got to pull myself from facebook ... ah ... ah .... dang ! No good ... Trapped ! hmmgh ... 
Sitting at the Rescue Squad selling fireworks ! Come show your support ! After all , we're the ones cutting you out of that car ! 
Always keep in mind that there's at least two sides to most stories 
Bout to go jogging ... if you see me , i'll be expecting a wave back ! :-) 
Don't drink the cave water ! The parasites from the movie THE CAVE are just waiting to make it to the surface ! 
As much as I would like to not care what people think , I find that ' maintaining a good reputation ' has always been a high priority for me . Sure , it's kept me from giving some girls a fair shot and from trying things that I could have gotten away with when I was younger . But , it has sheltered me from many storms , has supported me when I hit hard times , and has formed a solid foundation on which I can build on now ! 
Hates people that talk just to be talking ... social anxiety makes the a burden to conversation ! Gees ... it's quality . 
Does Fluoride really make people not question the government ? 
Town Hall meeting with < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ! If you want me to ask a question , just text it to me ! 
Why is it that 500 people will call their congressman to ask whether or not they applauded for the Mexican president , but NOT ONE calls about the oil spill with no end in sight ??!?!?!?!?!??! I'm really disappointed in myself .... AS SHOULD YOU BE !! Yea YOU ! 
Deadline for voter registration is at 4 today ! Get your voice heard ! 
If anyone living inside the city limits is interested in signing the petition for on-premises consumption of alcohol and liquor sales , then swing by the mexican restaurant ! Spread the word ! Now , without saying I'm for or against ... I believe it should have a fair < PROPMALE > and be left up to the voters ! 
They should make a reality show on political party warfare ... now that's good drama we can ALL relate to ! Lol 
It's time to run !!! My heart will thank me later ! 
Woo ! 17 second 100 yard dash ! Pretty good for barefooted ! :) 
So the other day I went down to my pond and there were girls skinny dipping . They frantically swam to the deep end and said ' we not getting out til you leave!' I said ' that's ok ... you can stay . I just came to feed my gators!' 
So this REGULATION we speak of .... let me ask ... why does < PROPFEMALE > May and < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > get to be exempt from it ?... after all THEY CONTROL 80% OF THE MORTGAGE MARKET !!! Gees ... how do we let this continue ?????? WAKE UP PEOPLE !! 
Hungry ? Swing by my pad and get some spagetti and coffee ! Lol 
Road Trip ! ... has to be one of my favorite movies of all time ! Lol ! 
< PROPMALE > sucks ! It's like everybody hates their life here and takes it out on everyone else ! Idk ... the shortage of nice people has sent me into a spiraling depression ! I'm outta here ! 
Made the best vegetable casserole ever ! lol As always ... your invited ! :D 
I make candles and reeboks look good ! 
It doesn't matter how much you know , if you're not putting out ... your gone ! 
Wow ... it appears herpes is spreading like California wildfires ! Can we say quarantine ?! Or maybe just a public list of who's got what ... hmmm ... punishable by law for the intentional ruining of another's life ! I LIKE IT !! 
R.I.P. < PROPFEMALE > Dodson ... here's to a good friend and tenant ! ... and to what could have been ! Sorry I always stayed so busy ... Guess I took our time for granted :/ 
Leaders are neither born nor made .... they are SELF-MADE !!! 
How many people do you know that get discouraged over life's challenges and end up just lowering their standards to a point where they will never feel disappointed ? These people are cynics ... and they hold no place in my future ! 
Check out FUSE tv ! Pink < PROPMALE>'s The Wall ! Flippin awesome ! 
Ooh .. the aquarium ! There's nothing like walking up to a couple gazing into a tank and saying \why look ! There's people drowning in there ! \ " lol " 
Anybody need a job ? ( calm down ... calm down ! ) Possible 2-3 day/week job as a mason(brick and block layer ) helper/labourer ... will be filling in for me when I can't be there . Good pay without the over-consuming work week ! Call me ! 
Where are YOU going ?????? 
Tap , snap , or nap .... YOUR CHOICE ! Now part of GROUND CONTROL ! Wooooo ! Bring it !!!! 
All I gotta say to all you non-voters out there ... is ... I DON'T WANNA HEAR IT !!! 
Just got back from picking my cousin's girlfriend and gf's daughter up from the airport ! Flew in from Germany ! We gonna show them what it's like down here in the SOUTH ! Yeehaw ! 
SPEED OF LIFE right now on discovery channel !!! A-M-A-Z-I-N-G ! 
Emancipate yourself from mental slavery ya'll! :D 
Brother , this is what happens when < PROPMALE > liddel meets < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ! Lmao !! Should have never let me have that beard trimmer !! :D 
Meteor shower tonight ?? I'm hoping it washes away all this DISCONTENT ! :/ 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > on the beach ! Ah ... much needed escape ! From here on out , all communication must be done via messages in bottles !! :D 
Sometimes I think we are all SIMS ... THAT EXPLAINS EVERYTHING !! 
Life is good :) funny how things look different after a vacation ! Gonna have to make it a habit ! :D 
You know you're involved in TOO MANY ORGANIZATIONS when you have trouble naming them all ! Wow ... how did I get this way !?!? No wonder I'm having trouble dedicating enough time to each !! DUH !! Common sense should have told me that my attention would be spread too thin to do any of them justice !! Time for a shakedown .... :D 
OK GUYS .... I'll admit ... I actually believed that Mars would be the size of the < PROPFEMALE > tonight ... got my camera set up on my tripod , borrowed a telescope , tried to combine the two somehow to take a picture ... and for what ?! A < PROPMALE > of a lifetime shot ?? You rumor spreaders SUCK !! 
Wow ... just had a near death experience ! Cooking 15 bean soup when suddenly I FALL ASLEEP ! With the smoke alarm conveniently out of service tonight due to dead battery , FOCUS stepped up with WOOF WOOF WOOF ! Good dog ! 
Today ... the fleas WILL DIE !!!! MWAHAHAHA !!! 
Jamming out to Vivaldi and cooking blueberry pancakes ! Ah ... Life is good ... :D 
Had a awesome day eating lunch with the governor in Nashville ! OK OK so there may have been at least a hundred other people there .... and he may have sat 5 tables away , but still ... 
Gonna do some camping this weekend !! 
Nashville bound ! Governor's cocktail reception ! 
The wilderness is hollering my name ya'll! 
Wow ... the vacuum's suction hose works suprisenly good for solving a knat problem ! 
How bad you wanna see < PROPFEMALE > in Chains concert tommorow !? For the right price ... 
< PROPFEMALE > in chains concert tonight !! Woo !!! 
The Tennessee Renewable Energy and Economic Development Council is hosting a symposium today at the Roane State Campus in Harriman , TN ! We have more than 90 people registered already ! I'll be bringing you video and pics ASAP ! IT'S TREEDC TIME IN TENNESSEE ! WOO !!! 
Oh what a night to camp out ! Off the computer and into the woods !!! Friends , if you don't hear from me in a couple days , then I probably got attacked by a pack of hybrid coyote-wolfs . Likely maimed , but still alive . So ... you know ... send a search party !! Woo !!! :D 
I know what you're missing ! ( yes , YOU ! ) You need mentor(s ) in your life ! AND , you need some proteges , so that you can pass the wisdom on ! If you can do that , you're gonna be alright ! TRUST ME ! ;) 
It is my theory that , as our vocabulary increases , our awareness for other people's level of understanding should also increase ! 
One last thing and I'm going to bed ! ... Been so long since I've been on here , I feel like I need to seriously catch up ! lol 
Haven't slept at all ! Too much on my mind ! ... Writing to try and get everything on paper and , hopefully , put together ! :D 
8 hours of carrying block and mixing mortar on ZERO hours of sleep ?! I better make a BIG breakfast !!! Lol ! 
Would rather be headed to ATL to see THE WALL LIVE ! :( 
\The surest way to corrupt a youth is to instruct him to hold in higher esteem those who think alike than those who think differently . \ " -Friedrich Nietzsche " 
Every highschool senior should take a class explaining and APPLYING < PROPFIRST > covey's ' seven habits of effective people ' 
I really hate it when I mess up a voicemail , expecting to be able to RETRY it , just to find out their voicemail service doesn't support that feature and there's no way to erase your mess-up or to not send it !!! Oh well ... \JUST ROLL WITH IT\ " I guess ! LoL " 
Your dog is an expression of you . Look closer . 
I should not EXPECT so much from people ! ... and maybe start being more assertive ! hmmm ... 
Amazing how much good a 10 < PROPFEMALE > rest on a Tempurpedic bed does ya ! Now .... LET'S CONQUER THE WORLD ! 
Look fast , my presence is fleeting . Act last , and our heart stops beating ! 
Status update : Paws and Claws is going through < PROPMALE > times ! A few days ago , our president , secretary , treasurer , < PROPMALE > home chaiman , and publicity chairman all RESIGNED ! It will be difficult to fulfill their vacant positions with the passion they showed , but , as President now , I ensure you that we WILL keep moving forward ! We must NEVER let our differences divide us again ! 
Your lens of perception is the filter through which you see the world . Your worldview is constructed by your thoughts , feelings , and biases either learned or adopted . Beliefs and belief systems become DEEP MENTAL MODELS that influence the way you experience reality . They operate at unconscious levels and enslave you when you refuse to live an awakened life . Don’t live on autopilot , cleanse your lens of perception . 
Business was squished long before Obama came ' round . It was doomed when parents started giving their kids an allowance for doing nothing ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone !!! Hope it's < PROPFEMALE > and Jolly !.... oh and filled with lots of mistletoe ! Can't forget that !!! :D 
Fire on the mountain ... run boys RUN ! 
With every new problem that arises , my impromptu trip to Florida fleets further and further away from fruition ! :/ 
Come on over ! I'll cook Hagus for you ! 
It's a truth I think that , until a person gets their ' selves ' together , they shouldn't expect to positively affect any changes that effect their happiness ! Well ... they can ... but , they will most likely end up disappointed , discontented , and/or depressed ! 
For God sakes man ! If you choose to go 22mph up the mountain and have 10 cars following you , at least have the freaking courtesy to pull over and let us pass ! Not everyone is retired , you know !! Gees ... 
Is building an igloo ! 
Not everyone can say they met the entire Tennessee delegation in two days ! What an opportunity !! Washington , here I come ! 
Any moment now i'll wake- it's all one big mistake , this dream that i'm the one you care for . Any moment now i'll feel/Those looks and that appeal/Just can't be real . 
Just got through arguing with capitol police about the unfairness of not being able to use a tripod-for the 5th time ! Guess there's no getting in the picture for me ! :( 
Work hard and play harder ! ... headed to the wizard's game ! Woooo ! 
We should never depend on or support a government providing a majority of help to any persons for the sheer reason of their existence ! If the welfare of a person is worth more to than the overall health of our economy , then we deserve to go into a depression ! 
Just when I thought I was out , THEY PULL ME BACK IN AGAIN ! ... second blood withdrawel ! I don't wanna ! :( 
Smoking is often postulated as an example of cognitive dissonance because it is widely accepted that cigarettes can cause lung cancer , yet virtually everyone wants to live a long and healthy life ... 
God , why couldn't we have been more bipartisan in constructing this healthcare < PROPMALE > ?! Let's just see what happens next ... eh , comrad ? Lol 
I just accidently created a group that couldn't be deleted ! Wow ... now I see firsthand what the creation of corporations feels like and how they exist long after youre gone ! OH NO ! I CREATED A MONSTER ! lol 
I just got through doing a small experiment and I don't like the results ONE BIT ! I took my undisolved particle water tester and measured two different samples of water . The first one was plain tap water , which read 86 ppm . The second sample was that same water boiled in an aluminum pot . What did it read ? you ready ?.... 116ppm ! :( This could possibly explain some things ... 
I'm having some problems with my phone , people . If you need to get a hold of me , please leave a voicemail or just drop in on me ! 
Is anyone out there wanting to start a business out there ?! I got the way , if you got the will ! Let me know ! 
Life is like photography : You develop from the negatives . 
True friends will always be there for you , no matter how little time is spent together ! 
Why must we wait for a death sentence before we grab life by the horns ?? CARPE DIEM !!!! 
Wait ... what am i doing ?!?! I don't have time for this distraction they call FACEBOOK ! I gotta start a business ... read a book ... conquer lesser peoples ! 
Paws and Claws meeting tonight !! 5:30 pm @ the bledsoe telephone training room ! I'll be talking about the importance of spay and neuter programs , the power of people , and how to strengthen our social fabric ! Hope you can come out and support us !! 
So you're in love with a free spirit who's in the business of breaking hearts , huh ? What can I tell this poor soul ? To keep within arms reach until she comes around , risking her falling for someone else ?? Or profess his love and risk losing(or gaining ) everything ??? I need your help facebook !!! 
Tell me , is it really that bad to be labeled a ' heartbreaker' ? If you were in a position where the only way NOT to break a heart is to continue a relationship that's not good for you , would you stay in it to spare their pain or selfishly end it and move on ? There comes a time where you gotta look out for number 1 ... sorry . 
' Selfishness ' is the EXCESSIVE concern of oneself ! Being that it's a matter of degree , how does one go about labeling someone ? Is there some standard that we go by ? Or is it all just relative-depending upon the person perceiving the acts ? I think , subconsciously , that we all conform to fit an unsaid and hidden standard to limit our negative social conflicts ... 
' Snakes Alive!' at Cumberland Mtn S.P. !!! Imma holding a black mamba ! Wooo ! 
There's only so much time in a day . How well we spend it determines where we'll go or if we'll even get there !! Stay tuned for more random DUH's! Haha ... 
\I know not what the truth may be : I only tell the tale as it was told to me ! \ " -some old woman at the library today " 
whos up for some midnight moonit hiking at the park ?! 
I'm not proud of all my past but , for good or bad , it's made me into who I am today ; It's who I am today that I'm most proud of ! 
Take my hand ... Come with me ... There's a world out there that we should see !! 
Dedication is : Never missing a run , even if you have to push through a RADIOACTIVE MONSOON ! Lol ... I FEEL ALIVE !! ... Or is that cancer I feel ?? XD 
\People round here are so nice and eager to help another out ! \ " -the drifter I just gave a ride to . \ 
My wheels are spinning , but I sometimes wonder if they're even touching the ground ! :/ 
I feel so close to you ... cause I see what you see too ! I'm looking for life , love , and laughter ! ( And everything in between ! ) 
Spending time with the wifey and kids before I go out of town ... oh how I'm gonna miss em ! 
Don't you hate how the kids these days view STD's , not as a life changing disaster , but as just a MINOR INCONVENIENCE !? 
Word on da street be dat dis gonna be the best day EVER , yo ! CHECK IT ! 
My flight's about to take off ! 
I'm in < PROPFIRST > ! Woooo ! First time west of the Mississippi ! 
Having high expectations inevitably leads to disappointments ! But as long as we can keep bringing everything around us UP , rather than everything pulling us DOWN , I think we'll be just fine ! ;) 
New research shows that Tylenol not only helps with physical pain , but also with hurt feelings such as social rejection and heartbreak !? 
Nothing like walkin this ol Texas railroad ! Is it just me or does the landscape here remind you of Africa !? 
Nothing will ever change if everything stays the same ! We won't get anywhere by just talking about it ! ... Little less talking and a LOT MORE ACTION ! 
Thank you all so much for the birthday wishes !! I'm grinning from ear to ear !! 
Shew-We ! Alpo fart ! Lol 
It's TREEDC time in Tennessee , again ! We are in < PROPMALE > , TN today ! Visit the faebook < PROPFEMALE > of \Tennesee renewable energy and economic development council\ " to follow us ! Like us ! We promise to like you back ! " 
