remembers those times that probably don't mean crap to other people , or should I say , the other person . It just keeps floating in my mind and I know that it won't go away , but I'm kinda glad . I like the memory ; I liked everything about that time . So hell , if I can have that happy memory , let it be . 

I'm talking to < PROPMALE > , sorta lol I miss the hell outta him . I needs my bestestfriend 
This is funky , gotta get some getting used to . I'm gracefully clumsy :) 
Goodnight world ! More fantastic school events to be happening tomorrow ! Sad ' cause no one ever texted or called me back :( 
School was interesting today . Glad I found Christian during lunch . < PROPFIRST > is going to drop the class we have together but I don't blame him . Waiting for < PROPMALE > so we can talk ! 
I love work ! School tomorrow ! Gooooodniiiiggghtt 
oh oh < PROPMALE > ! I''d punch you ! 
Missing my bestest friend Ben-jammin .... oh wait lol . Fell up the stairs at school . I'm a senior and i looked like a freshman lol . Love tech theatre . Still hate math ! Missin Shikaboo . Spending lots of time with < PROPFIRST > . He's great but way too hyper for me lol . Fixed a computer today . Woot woot ! I've got a life . Oh yea and Key Club officer meeting tomorrow ! Join Key Club ! I'm VP !!!!! 
Well I'm home ....... need something amazing to do 
I miss yesterday . I miss having my best friend ten minutes away . I miss my mom . I miss learning new things . I miss hugs . I miss playful nights . I miss naps . I miss my group . I love them and I miss those summer days and nights . 
Hoping I get to < PROPFEMALE > out with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > this weekend . If not .... blah lol . Work tonight at the bowling club . 
made $40 in 3 hours :) super super super pinsetter and I've got my fridays done with for permanent pinsetters . Can't wait to see < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > tomorrow ! 
I've decided I have nothing to do so I'm going to starbucks ! 
I'm feeling really dizzy . Like sick dizzy not silly dizzy 
I'm really getting exhausted from all the researching and prepping for myself . College is coming up too fast and high school is coming to an end too soon . But I am ready for this , I'm not afraid to move on and up in the world 
Almost Wednesday ! Almost to my first three day weekend ! yay :) 
I'm retarded ! 
I <3 tech theatre :) Opie won't be there tomorrow though . Oh well neither will < PROPFIRST > . Me and < PROPMALE > have each other :D lol what color are we going to where ? jkjkjkjkjk 
I ? tech theatre :) Opie won't be there tomorrow though . Oh well neither will < PROPFIRST > . Me and < PROPMALE > have each other :D lol what color are we going to wear ? jkjkjkjkjk 
blahblahblah 
Beg for loves existence yet we fail to realize it is forever and always simple 
I got the concept and came to the conclusion , That the top floor was just an illusion , To the fact that I go this break in my back , That I can't get out ; I cant figure out how , You appeared right in front of me , Before your march down south a university , Is where you spend your daylight , But we're both just waiting for this friday night 
If you're seventeen , run your butt over to < PROPFIRST > Clemens Blood Drive , located in the practice gym , from 8 to 4 TOMORROW ! I'm donating ! 
Watching the Steele vs . Southwest game on channel 7 . Attempting to see my cousin , < PROPFIRST > Calhoun , on tv :D 
I'm watching Vacancy 
Not sure what to do today , but for now , getting something to eat at muh house :) text text text even though I fight with my phone to get a tuvor8 except my phone likes < PROPMALE > better and will work for him on the FIRST try ! Stupid phone :P 
I won't try that again . smelyalata , i'm outta here 
oh brother , I'm left outta the loop . 
\chello\ " everybody's going to the party and we're having a good time " 
stupid pocket won't let me pay with my card online because it's freaking stupid 
BREAKING NEWS !!!! Kanye West just interrupted < PROPFIRST > Swayze's funeral to let everyone know that < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE>'s was better ! btw , if < PROPMALE > posts this too , he totally got it from me :) 
I don't think I've ever understood the world and people better . The key is you've got to understand yourself and your limitations . As much as we hate to say we're weak , we are sometimes . We are human and completely prone to flaw . 
We'll put a < PROPFEMALE > in the sky , We'll make them know our names , We'll put a dent in the existence we call ours so let me hear you scream , we'll < PROPFEMALE > . 
Maybe one day when it's all said and done , we'll pretend like it never happened but glance back because we still want each other even though it's over . Or maybe sometimes we have to believe that everything is a < PROPFEMALE > tale for it to turn out right . The only problem is I am no < PROPFEMALE > and I have no < PROPMALE > charming . 
maybe it's my fault I was dreaming thinking this could be the real thing but love's a broken game . paintpaintpainting at school with cool people in this cool thing called Key Club :) 
I'm not up for grabs , I'm out and about for the laughs , only here to have the time of my life . So if you stand in the way , I'll just laugh and say , sorry you've got nothing better to do :) 
chill chill down , this fire is burning me way too up . 
tired 
Push me down , push me around , make me believe I'm wrong , but ya know the greatest part of life is that I can just walk away from everything . 
Well I live in a false reality , a dream world . I fail to understand that the person who lies to me the most is myself . I force myself to believe what I wish , not what is reality . So I'll sit , empty-minded and broken-hearted . I'll pretend to be okay and choke the tears back because that's what I know how to do . 
Well it's about 40 degrees cooler than I'm used to . Buuurrrrrrrrrrrrrr 
Banner looks great and I'm covered in paint ! Had a freaking amazing day :) 
sucken pretty low , lost my logical way of thinking . threw up , need some medicine that won't come right back out . hmmm ..... just friends ...... better than him disppearing out of my life . i love my three best friends , < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPFIRST > 
well , because I'm kinda mad , everything makes me laugh . Two stubborn , sarcastic people can't fight , we both laugh even though we don't know it :) good job < PROPFIRST > . guess i won't hear from him till his soccer game next saturday . it's all good , think we both need some space . let's get some thinking done ! hmmm .... still not feeling up to par though . I hate being sick . 
although the distanst is daring , i sure know what it's like to be alone . 
You must not have a heart , have nothing in your chest >.< 
You can keep your personal opinions , but I have my own . You raised me so well I'm nothing like you expected . 
I'm 17 :) 
my steady feet have failed me now , my unsteady hands made me lose the road , I lost my heart and I've lost control of every emotion that i own 
if we were a love song , we'd totally be out of tune :) 
I luffs my amazing dysfunctional family :) I love < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , & < PROPFIRST > ! If we were a song , we'd totally be out of tune ! Mayday Parade amazes me :) college ? just took my sat today , thinking biology and sociology . what do you think ? 
def going for biology and < PROPMALE > is retarded because he doesn't know why :) 
i love you more than i could ever promise :) you take me the way I am . Life is so wonderful it's stupid 
omg ! I get why I couldn't find the song now :) thanks < PROPMALE > 
play my game , I'll play yours . I've found some piece of mind and I'm breaking . But I'm happy , dammit I'm happy . i <3 Tech 
Things that suck , I never doubted , I never second guessed because I trust everyone too much . Is that such a bad thing ? thinkthinkthinking lots about stuff <3 
I'm gonna enjoy every step I take , Every miss I make , Every single day because , < PROPFEMALE > , these are the days of our lives 
I'm gonna enjoy every step I take , Every miss I make , Every single day because , < PROPFEMALE > , these are the days of our lives & loving it or hating it , I still have to live with it 
In case you don't remember , will anything change your mind ? A one way ticket was a pretty good sign . Say goodbye . Theory of a deadman . Wonderful , wonderful day :) 
Life is like a song , You get the < PROPFEMALE > down , Grab the < PROPFIRST > and scream your heart out , We're all afraid of what tomorrow brings , put one foot forward , Spread your wings and fly far away from here , We're all searching for ourselves , If you believe you're alone at any time , You've learned to lie to yourself well . 
well tried to be nice but i think it put it in a way that I think he can understand . Get to see my besty , < PROPMALE > , tomorrow !!! 
Work time =/ GO BUFFS ! <3 
Great day . Let emotions stay outta the way , this pup learned a new trick , but it's not a trick , it's really me . But thinking about emotions , thinking about what I could accomlish with them , thinking about what I'm missing out on , kinda drives me crazy . Maybe I'm foolish , or maybe it's something I can never completely control . Hopefully , I can keep it under control , I can keep me under control . 
Letting emotions stay outta the way , this pup learned a new trick . I'm gonna hit < PROPMALE > :D 
no personal relations , I'm strictly school now :D I don't have time for you so eff you :) 
I fell in love with someone , yea , sure as hell did . Damn , didn't think it'd only hurt for that little time then I realize , I'm trying damn hard to just to hold onto hope , or whatever I'm holding onto . Yet , doesn't help when he likes someone else . I don't like rejection from him no more . Dammit , I missed him . Glad he's being one of my besties again , hope that's what he's doing anyway . 
crazy , crazy dream . Hope I never have to make a scene like that :P 
I wait up all night just to see you move . Wondering how that < PROPFEMALE > is doing 
love is a word that we can't seem to live without , can't stand at times , but something we can never escape 
Life is complicated ; Love is complicated . I'm keeping it simple . :D 
had a great time in tech today :D hmmmmmm ....... 
My hearts been broken , but now , I haven't got one to break . I'm running from this scene . Finally time I did that . The three most important people in my life are now not , they exist only in my memory . 
I wanna quit , I need to breathe , I need to be able to talk to him but he won't let me , Well it's true , and he's pissed off at me and it makes me upset and go figure , he's still right , in a way 
I really screwed up this time . I'm gonna lose him completely .... Why was I so ignorant&stupid&why did I have to open my big mouth ? 
Well I've done all that I could , only hope it works for the best . 
oh , if only if only , times were as simple as they were when I was five . I had courage and I didn't even know it . yea , I was fearless when I was five . 
supamazinfantabulous day ! :D < PROPFIRST > cheese <3 thanks < PROPFIRST > ! 
wrote a song that touched her heart . read old messages from myspace , I'm surprised and how true some things that I wouldn't believe are . I found I love so many things , but the word is meaningless when your heart is being unspoken . 
Dreams are better when they stay perfect in our heads . Who wants to be disappointed when things aren't as amazing as they seemed ? 
so I'm talking to this amazing guy :D I was also told by Nickbug that I need to go to sleep lol hmmm .... what does future hold ? nights :) 
apparently , \the rabbit died\ " means that someone is pregnant . " 
Lovely girl with a lovely mind , thinking takes up too much of her time . 
no , you still can't roar :) 
got someone on my mind , today was amazing&a little suprising :) <3 bambam 
I waited for that damn class all day , and it was the best class all day :D cept spivey needed me every two minutes haha <3 bambam 
today was like < PROPFEMALE > coated kisses without lips , words of wisdom without a sound , & touches of electricity that shocked ever nerve in my body . you make me smile :) tomorrow , tomorrow , tomorrow , can't wait for it :D i enjoy the mystery 
you're what i wait for all day&as easily as i walk away , don't be mistaken by it . 
eat , work , drive an hour to grandparents , no phone service :( should be back in town(&service ) 2ish tomorrow and I'm taking my brother and sister trick or treating . Sunday , gotta go to Almost , Maine(play at school ) @ 2 .... how'd my weekend get booked ? next saturday , driving to junction to see < PROPMALE > !!!!! now that I can't wait for . 
had a booger come wake me up on the couch this morning then we all ate breakfast :D 
my brother thinks he's cool because he can message me over his itouch :P & he is ! my sister can read so so so well ! and i got a spiderman toothbrush !!!! omg :D 
yep .... =/ 
going trick or treating . wonderful to know that everyone wants my help with make up for halloween lol pics lata 
i want your loving , i want your revenge , you and me could write a bad romance . so beyond tired , more than a 12 hour day with the kids , it's a wonder why I don't want kids , huh ? goodnight . 
:) 
i was sooooo close ..... but kinda chickened out ..... 
my cats are stoned . rawr means i love you in dinosaur :D 
I wanna beat people with a book .... or block of wood :D I've got a strong feeling that tomorrow is going to be a very interesting day , or a very disappointing one :P 
today was .... disappointing but I won't say anything else . Blood Drive tomorrow ! Come to Clemens and help save up to three lives with one donation ! :D 
< PROPFIRST > Clemens is hosting a blood drive issued by the South Texas Blood and Tissue Center . Come down between 8am&4pm and give a little time to save three lives ! < PROPFEMALE > has gone crazy from making pb&j's and is going to sleep hoping something will be surprising tomorrow so that I'm not so frustrated ! :) 
lots of frustrations , lots of idiots , i'm tired . Most things frustrated me today . Thank freaking god for those things that made me calm . Thanks to those who donated their time today to help save three lives ! I hope tomorrow is worth my time , this week has been neverending ..... something tomorrow please make my week . 
FACEBOOK EXPERIMENT : If you are reading this , even if we don't speak often , post a comment with a memory of you and me . When you have finished , post this paragraph on your status and you'll be surprised at what people remember about you . 
effffffffffff .... okay I'm good :D lol darn .... gotta admit that it kinda sucks . oh wells . won't push my luck . wouldn't be worth it , I think ..... yea .... whatever you say ..... or something lol . Yea , I'm a bit confused honestly . 
work ... yay lol . < PROPMALE > tomorrow . Leaving early early , be back late late . have a good saturday everyone :D 
I made $53 in three hours :D I'm a G ! lol jkjk . I like being able to text someone across a room I trust on fridays . Goodnight world :) 
rawr ! < PROPMALE > today :) so so so excited ! long , long drive ahead of me . don't know if i'll have phone service out there so if you try to text me and I don't reply , i'm not ignoring you .... well some of you lol have a wonderful saturday everyone ! 
who says i can't be free ? 
doesn't get the point of what i've got on my mind . not anticipating tomorrow .... 
I realized that I talk really fast when I'm excited . I also realized what I'm gonna do about tomorrow ; I'm gonna act like I've been acting . Seems to cause no harm (& you should tell me if it does&you know who you are ) . Plan one , clean room better lol . 
I'm the exception to so many rules . If I can't win your game , you can play mine :) yes , you can 
got three movies and gonna have a movie marathon with Bri :D 
why does it feel like this day never ends ? I wanna see three people , and they are all in different places of the world !!!!! okay two are in texas but a ways apart . btwitiailwu retarded ? yep lol . but i do love you guys , the two of your who got that message and don't know what it means :) but i don't mean what that long text talk thing means lol 
I'm gonna do it . Still nervous but I'm gonna do it . I think I can , I think I can lol g'night 
has already gotten distracted by playing with Shadow who hid under a box then put a hole in my finger ! I never realized how much I like school until there is a holiday in the middle of the damn week and I'm bored out of my effing mind . Movie marathon with Bri was fun though :D 
sorta , kinda , not really , but almost . is that even possible ? 
my mommy magically appeared ! No one had any idea she was coming . This so makes up for the last month of bad feelings . I missed her but she has to leave next week :( but I'm so glad she is here . :) 
you make me dizzy . the good dizzy&the confused dizzy . but i have a good feeling this time , no matter what happens , or doesn't . 
you work wonders on my mind <3 goodnight world of facebook 
I need a fix because I'm going down 
happiness is a warm gun 
work , then going out to my grandmas tonight . be on late later . <3 wandering eyes , you took me by surprise 
weird , i don't normally have dreams with people i know in them . vivid dreams , it's somehow a curse . 
i hate apple computers . someone wanna help me connect to a wireless internet source without restarting the modem ? 
i hate apple and their flaws 
i hate computers >.< yea , i need someone to calm me now 
Things are just .... difficult . There is always something I want to say ( or do ) but I'm too afraid . I refuse to let myself believe things are impossible . Knowledge truly poisons the mind . It keeps dreams only dreams . It's like hope ; I've found a loss for hope . I enjoy innocence . I enjoy simplicity , not that as humans we are simple but it's ( supposedly ) a mindless effort . 
well , don't you just love going to sleep after watching a baby try to kill someone lol . g'night . 
When it's time to live and let die&you can't get another try , something inside this heart has died , you're in ruins 
because , no . somehow hopeful , but what's real overrides hope . Yea , unlike so many others I know the difference&face it . Said it once and I won't push it . Welcome to the real world of logic . 
peanut butter&banana sandwiches and livewire . Going to work . Gonna talk to < PROPMALE > more about the military . options , options , options . =/ maybe not so graceful ones but ones that will pay for everything . 
the jukebox is the only hell i deal with at work 
I must be a pyromaniac since I like all types of pie :) 
Going to see New < PROPFEMALE > with < PROPFEMALE > ! :) 
Turkey Bowling ! i <3 muh job :) 
I believe my mind is disturbed at the moment . 
is at best buy on a computer hanging out with < PROPFIRST > ! :D 
Oh my god , there's cows . Let's tip one ! ah I love you < PROPFEMALE > Cooper . 
You pooped your shoes ! 
I realize you love yourself more than you could ever love me . 
gonna go to < PROPFIRST>'s to see his band , We Claim The Skies , practice ! Check out their myspace ! They're getting there . < PROPFIRST > needs to get the eff out of bed :) 
According to you , I'm stupid , I'm useless , I can't do anything right 
is gonna eat sausage and cheese :D 
had an awesome day :) thanks < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > , you're both the best :D 
Who let , who let this feeling die , when all I did was try ? Who let , you let this feeling die , I can't get you out of my head , You're the flame that burns me so I know that I'm still alive . 
ugh .............. :( 
i don't know ...... but it's under 64 degrees in my room . 
my boyfriend is music . 
We're gonna have a rockin ' party on December 12 @ my house . For more details , comment , message , or text me ! It's gonna be awesome ! 
so there is a 70% < PROPMALE > of snow and if it snows during the day , then I'm not allowed to drive ... woohoo ...... 
iTouch =3 
later we'll have some f***in ' pie , and we'll do some caroling . BullSHI ! lol some people are stupid 
PARTY COUNTDOWN ! DEC 12 @ MAH HOUSE ! For details or information or directions message , comment , or text meh :) 
RayWilliamJohnson <3 
is Skype n hurting :P 
impossible to you to believe and to see through my eyes when I have stepped in your shoes . Fine , live by what you've got or think you've got and when you've really got NOTHING to lose , maybe you'll learn to live instead of learning to die in perfection . 
Silly , silly girl 
No Party . Don't ask and Don't come . Sorry 
Party still on . Fixed up dads car and now shower and Party :D 
uhhh-freaking-dorable :) 
Not So Silent Night tomorrow ! 
Not So Silent Night was freaking amazing ! :D but now i'm tired so goodnight 
is it really a dream if you can touch it ? whether you can actually obtain it is a different story but dreams aren't ever meant to be grasped . That is why they are dreams . Otherwise , it is reality . 
gonna get ready for Christmas :) 
got sexy surround sound :) 
isn't feeling so great 
was < PROPFEMALE > Clause 
doesn't like it when a certain someone just says that he is leaving . =/ 
is very frustrated . 
missing the summertime . 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS ! :D 
had lots of fun tonight . We Claim The Skies is coming along great :D good job < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > and rest of band that I don't really know on a personal level ! glad i got to < PROPFEMALE > out with them again , missed them a lot . 
deeply puzzled 
trying to finish forms ...... ugh ..... 
WORK :D so happy I get to go back ( weird I'm excited about work lol ) 
South Texas Blood and Tissue Center is hosting a blood drive ( go figure ) at < PROPFIRST > Clemens on January 6 from 8am to 4pm . Please take some time to donate and thanks for giving the gift of life . This will be my 5th time donating blood ! One more and I get to wear the red cord when I walk the stage this June ! :D 
I think FAFSA is stupid considering I can't fill out the damn form for another month and a half !!! This is so stupid !!!! 
All we need is some ice cream and a hug ! Take a good look around , does life really suck or are we just complaining ? Tell all the haters that they should just shut up and smile :D 
I might have to wait , I'll never give up , I guess it's half timing and the other halfs luck 
It's kinda amazing how you are . I bet you don't know how your eyes < PROPFEMALE > when you talk about anything . And you're worth so much more than you think you are . Gosh , I can't wait till you see that . 
abandoning heart and emotions . 
bad luck kid right here 
gets straight to the point 
gonna watch american idol 
fell in love with the singer that is going to hollywood who had cancer ! lol 
I'm not larger than life , I'm not taller than trees 
wants to go back to school 
I'll give up my life to hold onto you 
I'm waiting to be okay with what I've got , what I can never have , and what I have the potential to have . 
attempting to maintain my sanity 
everyone has a little bit of amazing in them , we're just searching for the people that see it clearly . 
Cry a tear , Live a lie , sorry that we're only human 
Do I look like I have all the answers ? I'm confused 
Well , I've been procrastinating about packing for this PALS trip 
and I'm here to say goodnight :D 
The sun doesn't shine where I'm standing . I reach for it and it doesn't move . But I-I inch for it . I hope for it . The memory of him tugs me back . And there I am yet again . Stuck in the endless nightmare of my memories . 
I'm still alive but I'm barely breathing , Just praying to a god that I don't believe in , Cause I got time while she got freedom , Cause when a heart breaks it don't break even , What am I gonna do when the best part of me was always you , What am I suppose to say when I'm all choked up and you're okay ? I'm falling to pieces 
wow ..... my family keeps me up to date ....... NOT 
learned her first full song on guitar ! 
you can skyrocket away from me , and never come back if you find another galaxy , far from here , where there's more room to fly , just leave me your stardust to remember you by 
Stop right there . That's exactly where I lost it . See that line . Well I never should have crossed it . 
acoustic guitar <3 
can't wait for this week to be over and for spring break to begin ! 
i miss my momma 
if you see with your eyes then you're blinded by the light thats comin in , and if you feel with your skin i guess you're just hopeless 
i'm hungry 
sometimes i wonder whether love is real or fantasy 
you are not the father ! lol i love this show 
i've got work today ! wish i coulda < PROPMALE > out with everyone last night though ! ugh ! 
unbearably sad today and i'm not sure why 
can you imagine no love , pride , deep fried chicken , your best friend always sticking up for you , even when i know you're wrong , can you imagine no first dance , freeze dried romance , five hour phone conversation , the best soy latte that you ever had , and me . tell me , did the wind sweep you off your feet ? did you finally get the < PROPMALE > to dance along the light of day ? 
I could lie , but then i would laugh and you'd know the truth anyway . 
got accepted into utsa ! 
Like molecules we fall apart , and slam together in the dark , the dark with where the change is made , and all the best made plans are made , and turn into a deeper shade of colors , Me and You 
Can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars ? I could really use a wish right now , wish right now , wish right now ...... 
work time ! 
happiness has shot my life , but in a good way :) 
graduation is june 5 at the < PROPMALE > col ! i'm ridiculously close 
i am officially a high school graduate ! congrats class of 2010 ! we made it ! 
so i just saw some monks at walmart ..... lol 
my grad party is sunday ! 
it's too early ! good morning < PROPMALE > millers o.o 
airports are fun , ya know , they've got chairs 
congrats < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > on your marriage ! may it be and exciting adventure ! and btw , Awesome reception ! 
stop the ticking clock , i want to pause for a minute 
don't go to bed yet love i think it's too early , we just need a little time to ourselves 
Cause I've been trying way to long to try and be the perfect song , When our hearts are heavy burdens we shouldn't have to bear alone 
how is it a dead flower can still be completely alive and a symbol or expression to things people sometimes refuse to say ? yea , i'm overthinking a flower . but hey , thorns still hurt 
hi may i take your order please ? damn < PROPMALE > millers for making me want to say that when i answer my phone lol 
well oil change , burnin hot boneless wings for dad and me , then work at 5 :) 
in your eyes i see a darkness that torments you and in your head where it dwells , i'd give you my hand if you reach out and grab it , let's walk away from this hell 
I'm sitting in a room made up of only big white walls and in the halls there are people looking through the window in the door , and they know exactly what we're here for . \ 
\ 
Don't look up , Just let them think there's no place else you'd rather be . 
standing in line for utsa orientation ..... i had to take off work to im sure stand in a line more than half a day today and tomorrow 
i made a flower bracelet :) back at utsa Ugh ..... i want to go to school and learn , i don't want it to be so complicated 
work 2 to close today . kinda tired . i want some white roses 
gonna see < PROPMALE > and martins place :) 
i read your profile , i like your story 
Hello there :D 
having some luck today . hope it continues :) 
yay ! someone knows what repo the genetic opera is here :) 
i need a little laptop to bring to classes 
I think I'm changing my mind about career choices again :( 
if i would have known what i know now , i wouldn't have tried . no question about it 
everything is way too routine but I don't know how it would ever change , that's life 
Thank you everyone for making my 18th birthday awesome ! Love you guys ! 
It's Kidd's Kids Day !!!!!! Go to my posts for links and a phone number to donate . Remember that YOU are helping make a difference in 52 terminally and chronically ill kids lives and their families by helping them have the time of their life for FIVE FULL DAYS AT DISNEY WORLD ! GO ONLINE OR CALL AND DONATE ! 
I'm thinking I hope he thinks what I'm thinking :) 
am i ready to say that to you or am i just going to hide behind deceiving words ? hmmm , we'll see . 
don't look up just let them think there's no place else you'd rather be 
the stepsisters cut off their toes in order to fit into the < PROPFEMALE > glass slipper . Yes , apparently there are very dark versions of < PROPFEMALE > . 
I'm so not awake today . 
parnormal entity = sleeping with a light on 
I finally figured out the topic for my compare and contrast paper :D 
I'M HUNGRY ! 
So I sit here on my own , with a message on my phone , \ sweetheart I wish you were beside me \"" 
When you figure out love is all that matters after all , It sure makes everything else \ 
seem so small <3 
but I always find a way to keep you right here waiting 
Dressin’ it down , hittin ' on dudes , hard . 
liars turn me on , bed spread bandit since 89 , you wear your heart on your sleeve , i threw mine to the sky . 
i'll stay over here , and you stay over there . yep i think we'll be just fine 
say goodbye to my heart tonight 
Your hips move so smooth so use me , I'm bout to lose me , cause this is how it feels when its up close and real 
the best part of the day , mr. leal locking his store keys in the office . HAHA :D 
i see how i'm wanted . that's fine . we'll see what happens later then . 
crazy little thing called love 
my life is like diamonds . a gift that shimmers , that smiles in sun or rain . but it can also shatter and be taken away . yes , my life is like diamonds , romance , lust , obsession , and betrayal . selfless and selfish . beauty , grace , and somewhat broken . yes , my life is like diamonds . 
the baby shower was fun and cute . can't wait till i can buy bekkah and kyles baby little converse shoes :) 
have a wonderful christmas everyone ! i love you guys :) 
ya know when you want to say something because you know it's really important but then again you know you shouldn't ? yeah , that's how i feel now . 
4 call ins today , work sucked 
you can't talk , can't fight back or cry , and you can't save yourself ...... 
I'm only as tall as my heart will let me be , and I'm only as small as the world will make me seem , and when the going gets rough and I feel like I may fall , I'll look on the brightside 
called it 
hot chocolate :D yep it's a cold day 
ready to watch more < PROPMALE > ! football is not really my first pick ..... or second ..... 
hopeless but hoping , when the choice of one thing has both positive and negative results . i think i chose wrong . 
if I was fat , would you tell me to lose weight ? 
note to Esteban : freezing temperatures plus trying to clean window with the windshield wiper fluid equals frozen windshield wiper fluid on windshield 
the mini vacation is over , i love school but they're out of my coffee 
baby shift at work , 2:30 to 6 
stop and stare , I think I'm moving but I go no where , yeah , I know that everyone gets scared , But I'll become what I can't be 
man , you're being dumb . i hope you stay away from me 
hey babe , i'm hungry and my ears still hurt . bring me food please :) i'll love you forever <3 
at my cousins birthday party , and i'm hungry . happy birthday ashlinn ! 
so < PROPMALE > miller hourly employees now must take 45 minutes breaks 
what's the good of a silver platter if all it's feeding is lies ? 
Finally able to take a breath . Dear my life , \ 
throw me something new and interesting so I'm not as bored . 
Don't you hate it when you're at work just trying to fix the pie display and you put one loaf of bread on the top shelf and ( BOOM ! CRASH ! SPLAT ! GURGLE ! ) the bottom shelf ( with a pie on it ) shatters ? Okay , I'm sure it doesn't happen to everyone but just thought I'd let you know I made a mess of glass ( which we had to throw away our soup ) AND the pie is okay :) 
when we're apart what ever are you thinking of , so tell me darling do you wish we'd fall in love ? 
