OHHH WAH AH AHA AHHHH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! GET DOWN WITH THE SICKNESS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 

NEVER SHOUT NEVER !!!!!!!!!!!!! I LOVE THEM !!!!! 
had fun tonight with tylerr :D hahahaha 
RAWR !!!! hehe 
E654 !?!?!?! E654 !?!?!?! E654 !?!?!?! E654 !?!?!?! E654 !?!?!?! E654 !?!?!?! E654 !?!?!?! E654 !?!?!?! E654 !?!?!?! E654 !?!?!?! E654 !?!?!?! E654 !?!?!?! E654 !?!?!?! E654 !?!?!?! E654 !?!?!?! E654 !?!?!?! E654 !?!?!?! E654 !?!?!?! E654 !?!?!?! E654 !?!?!?! E654 !?!?!?! E654 !?!?!?! E654 !?!?!?! E6 
TAKKKKK TO NICKKK ! 
yay im on facebook :D 
is thinksing to get off here .... so all 5 or 6 humdred of you should text me at 5024357654 
lisint to some stainddd 
Playing with this facinating 2 dollar dart gun form kroger :D ohh and one more thing E654 !!!! 
chubby ! chubby ! chubby ! chubby ! chubby ! chubby ! chubby ! chubby ! chubby ! chubby ! chubby ! chubby ! chubby ! chubby ! chubby ! chubby ! chubby ! chubby ! chubby ! chubby ! chubby ! chubby ! chubby ! chubby ! chubby ! chubby ! chubby ! chubby ! chubby ! chubby ! chubby ! chubby ! chubby ! chubby ! chubby ! chubby ! chu 
losers ..... make < PROPMALE > mad 
eh im bored someone call me ? 5024357654 
trying to figure out how soda gets in a can 
yeaaa check out my new picturesss and text me :) 
is hurt .... 
i think i might seriously be gay for < PROPMALE > schnieder 
< PROPMALE > IS A FAGGOT !!!!! 
no im not you smelly arab 
IM NOT THE SMELYYY ONE YOU LIL QUERRRRR BOOOYY !!!!!! 
cookin text meh ! :D 
feeling odd and poetic :D as i gaze upon my peculiar looking photogratific production as a display of my awakwardness and malproductive attuide towards life :D wow ... im am one werid lil child 
im a homosexual 
inspired . everybody should beat me up 
ahhh .... a crappy day indeed :/ 
i cannot wait till christmas .... NEW BASS !!!! :DDDDDD YAYAYAYAYYYY !!!!!! 
Isn't gonna post some status about his new year .... 
Wonders how some people can live with themselves 
Is satisfied , thanks . You know who you are :) 
spread the love peeepoolle :D 
i love the new facebook setup :D 
weighing the faults in my perception . im the one questioning you . unfortunatly im talking to a mirror 
im a beta tester xD 
i want a touchable computer ! 
hard rock was great , thanks all of you who came out to see me 
kinda excited about something .... blah 
i have only one thing to say .... oogie boogie ... goodnight . 
oogie boog 
so dramatic ... eh ... 
super glue on the slap hand ... eh ... im in pain ... 
is sitting in the creepy florida condo . 
the tension is geeeting hoooooterr , id like to hold her head unnnnnder water -sublime ;) haha 
Shaplooperdoopers . ultra magical turbo boost magic < PROPFEMALE > power . 
Ribs hurt ... sleeping . 
Time passes by ... but time isn't real . So what passed by ..? Dammit . 
My shadow sighed so amplified , keeps comming back disatisfied . An Elemtary sun but its old . My love affiar with everywhere was innocent , why do you care ? 
why would anybody wanna be a \B\ " ? stupid song ... " 
fly on my zeyphr . were gonna live forever . 
I can do something you can't . Shine . 
Mr. glass is the cooler end of authority lol and I made a few new buddies 
Is in love with rain . 
iloveyou ! iloveyou ! 
Chill :) hehe 
No time to weap it's time to sleep my selfish thoughts in mind I mustn't keep . Goodnight 
And now the lake I shall approach . 
I have a Jesus bracelet XD 
\Act like your age not your shoe size \"" 
\act your age not your shoe size\ " .... XD " 
I will not be where I obviously need to be and I will not do what need be done . The talent show can suck it . 500 times !!! 
I want a double bass ! 
Cruelty is only the realization of truth 
Today rocked quite nicely . :) 
I love the weather :))) 
I wish I was at school lol weird .. 
Hanging with the ever so lovely < PROPFEMALE > . 
vacation kills sometimes ... lolololol 
So I finally saw avatar . I also figured out hat all the hype was for now I wanna be a blue person . 
Ecplise comes out at the end of the month that was supriseingly fast .. 
I'm on vacation and I'm so excited about the billions of exciteing things in the future I have to look forward to . But none fill that missing space in my mind it's like a lost puzzle piece . 
Parasailing yesterday was amazeing 
i find myself puzzled to a point of defeat . the day ends and im questioning myself my reason for existing . am i for others amusement ? 
my last status is dumb .... im at a hotel and i wanna be home !!! 
What I would give to take it all back , to find what I lack , to give it some slack , to fly with the pack , oh run to the shack , clean off the rack , for what I have a knack , it's time to hit the sack . 
I'm coooooooooooold ! 
Skinny dipping is tha shiz tehe 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > is < PROPFEMALE > . lol 
new sea wolf cd :) hehe 
working on geting a new synth :D 
Your lips are metal , your tounge is white :D 
Blood sugar baby , shes magik , sex magik sex magik . Blood sugar crazy , she has it , sex magik sex magik . heheee 
i love stupid people :D 
im on facebook ! YAYYY ! :D 
If I saw a stranger with < PROPFEMALE > I would beat him senseless . 
Tbh I think my bass is the best bass ever made . 
i need to get some party :D 
BEEP BEEP BEEEP :D 
senior english and english 101 COMPLETE :D 
i wanna fly . 
i love how you can like a coment on a status that you like and you could even type the word like as a comment and like the comment . 
Drug tests taste gross . 
Going to some concert with the fam 
Blech yesterday was neto 
Got the HTC evo 4G don't get it battery life sucks returning it tommrow 
I want to juggle . Somebody teach me preferably some carnival experience please . 
Yeah I know everything i have in life can fit in a gig bag . Lol 
Next time I see you . You little social rodent . I'm gonna make frogs legs outta you . Lololololol 
What a shitty night ... 
They say evil prevails when good men fail to act , what they should say is evil prevails . 
super bummed ..... :/ 
< PROPFEMALE > Brewer is my new bestest buddy .... she is gonna make me baked goods .. 
blah .... blahh blahh blahhh .... BLAH !!!! 
Bsajheiogfvlcfgkmrenbwhdsuyfiogymtrendfjugif status update . 
bike time :D blah ... 
Blackberry curve hmm ... 
is watching one of his all time favorite movies , Public Enemies . 
I've spent the past 2 years of my youth running away from myself . Look where that's got me .... 
Summer rain :D 
Is Cutting the grass , because I'm sure you all actually want to know what I'm doing ... 
Weeboo 
YES ! it's facebook time ! Let's engage with old pals ! Let's chat with new ones ! If it's sex you want there is craigslist . Creep elsewhere please . 
< PROPFIRST > bond in ... Octopussy .... lol 
For today's youth the end of existence consist of puny easily repairable problems . 
Give me a miracle , change my life turn it where it needs to go . Anybody do that and I'll be yours forever . 
Hmm I was a lost person and I thought that I'd need some sort of spiritual help in my life but I got it together with a normal person now to sweep away the old dust .... lolol 
How do I deserve such perfection ? 
Things are good , not good enough . 
lame lame lame :D 
Kait June its only been a few days and it feels like months have passed :( 
School isn't lame at all ............ Isn't the sarcasm just burning through the screen . 
actually not working today :D 
wishes he could trust people . 
like allways a time for change is approching 
get off facebook .... now its a < PROPFEMALE > day enjoy the company of a friend , and have a nice life 
.... 
Big paycheck , and now for my amazeing vacation . 
Today is that day we all dream about , the day yogi bear tried to pull me out of my car . 
Time to scream , for all to hear . Take away there dreams , replace them with beer . :D 
No school ... lololol 
Amzeing weather .. forealleoo 
Please . Who likes new stone < PROPFEMALE > pilots ? If any ?.. seriously 
Enjoying the sweet groves of one hot minute ;) 
Pretty angry atm .. 
Groove :) 
Makeing too many mistakes 
No school ... hmm 
Likes your lack of common sense :D 
Playing at bearnos in the highlands , people should come watch me :D 
Is Dissatisfied .. 
So aggrvated .. and laughing 
Chillin with tub tub ... :D 
Is snowballing with < PROPFEMALE > 
The world is good place , its the people that are cruel . 
Not sleeping . Till the cows come home ofcourse ... 
Is on a walkabout . 
Is still on a walkabout . 
My feet are getting tired ... ( from the walkabout ) 
At the mall , with people who are worth my time :) 
Facebook causes 42% of life stress , but everybody still has one . 
On my way to ' cage the elephant ' 
Amazeing show ... I'm in awe 
Work was lame ... as allways 
You people are great and all , but sometimes I hate you . 
My nipples are very tender , thanks dad 
If there's little crystal-like stuff coming out the tip of my penis , is that bad ? 
I hope I don't have herpes ... 
< PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > ... get off my faceboook 
Nevermind that last post , < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > doesn't have my iPod and isn't wreaking havoc 
No , < PROPMALE > is just a faggot . That's all ... 
A gaggle who loves messing with you < PROPMALE > 
Did facebook replace faggot with gaggle ? Haha 
Apparently so , do you like blueberries ? 
Why yes I do my leige 
Jolly good let's tell the world 
We already told the world , because were on facebook , the social network 
( Insert witty facebook status here ) 
Can't sleep .. so I enjoy the sweet sounds of < PROPFIRST > fruscainte 
Banjo time ;) 
Is it pathetic .. I couldent even go a day ..... lol 
I find myself stuck , between you and the rest of the world . I seperate myself from them for you , but you go farther with more effort . So what do I let go ? 
Oh what a shit day 
Can't wait till tma 
Can't wait till today ! 
Omg ! Can't wait till yesterday !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > is offically a lesbian 
I love how everything happens just like I say it will , not nessarily because of a plan I make . Just because its like I can see the future . :D 
Tommrow should be fun :) 
I should jump off a bridge when the only right way to do something is wrong haah 
Nothing to do tonight :( help ? 
Good night . :) 
I wish I cared more , you do too . Fortunately we can wish for whatever we want , ' wanting ' has no limits . 
My parentals dislike me :( 
Can't wait .... :) 
Nothing to do all day . Anyone wanna chil ? 
No , I'm really sorry . 
< PROPFEMALE > meade bailed on a haunted house ..... really ? 
Facebook is lame enough without people fighting . 
i hate you .... 
Today should be a good day 
Really reaally REALLY likes you 
Reaally REALLY likes you 
Really likes you 
Likes you 
You . 
Really really likes you 
Really really REALLY likes you ! 
Work ... haa 
Exists , how bout you ? 
Needs to leave 
Goodnight :) 
Amazeing evening .. 
worked till midnight . On a Saturday . :\\ 
Q : what the hell is with all the ' q and a ' ? 
Listomania ! 
I wanna do the truth thing somebody like my status ! 
I feel like everybody in this world should love everything around them , everybody needs love ! 
What an amazing night , but a but too much to wake up to 
my grandpaw is funny lol 
Ahhh , she has my lifeline , my everything , and it seems she has what matters most to me right now ; my ipod . :p 
Haven't fallen asleep yet :( 
Is enjoying his life :D 
Enjoys long walks on the beach and listening to the backstreet boys perched upon my gazebo situated in the backyard of my summer house in the denali mountains which resides down the street from the pope , which is an excelent friend of mine . 
Best day . ever 
Nsn's new album is actually pretty beautiful 
Snows out , happy time . 
tends to over think everything . 
Its the first day in a long time that no birthdays showed up on my facebook . 
is immensely stressed . 
1111 just ended 
if you like my status , ill do nothing at all , because anything other than nothing is just too significant for a bunch of images on a computer screen . Thank you for your input though . 
My great Saturday plans have sequentley fallen apart . Who's free ? Lol 
Nevermind , working :( 
is aggrvated that his ' co worker ' got on his phone and posted mean status's 
Cant go anywhere but up from here 
today shoud be a good one . 
is quite satisfied 
enjoied his week away from everything , now he is considering leaving his old world behind 
Is offically a boo ! 
Is going on a walkabout , to find out what its all about . 
thinks circa survive is unbareably beautiful again :D 
loves when people like other peoples depressing status's 
Is up early for school ... :D 
Had a great night :) 
Bipity bopity boo .... b 
Is working ! 
Feels so amazeing 
Just recorded a demo :D 
Is starting to feel better :D 
Fun day . 
Has short hair 
Is doing , nothing ... 
Write nevermind tonight , was horrible 
So . if the avett brothers were invited to mtv unplugged , what would they do ? Lol 
Wants to go back in time and steal < PROPFIRST > plant as a child and raise him to be my singer ! 
Just fished my long long long nhd paper 
Longest day/night ever .. 
has been up all night ! 
laughs at you . 
loves watermelon spring gum 
TUESDAY NEEDS TO BE HERE NOW ! 
just fell in love ... lol 
Is abour have a jamgasm 
Thinks he should break his leg just to get out of work . 
Just got off work , who wants to kill me ?! 
is a bad boy . 
thinks christmas should be rather < PROPFEMALE > , considering the hundreds of updates stateing its < PROPFEMALE > -ness 
Is laying in bed with a smurf , thinking about wakeing up tommos 
Will throw you a bone , just promise me you won't tell anybody . 
Had an amazeing night ... :) 
thinks she's blood sugar crazy , she has it , sex magik , sex magik 
changed his bass strings last night , gotta love that new during buzz 
Excuses himself , he changed his bass strings last night , gotta love that newstring buzz 
Just like new years , he refuses to post a status about dreading tommrow .. school isn't gonna start . 
was walkin down the street when a pretty little thing approched me . 
Is confortably sunken between 2 conforters and lots of pillows and blankets .. :D 
is loveing the beautiful sunshine and warm weather . 
Cut the cord , she's a creep , aberdeen 
is in regret 
Had an amazeing day ! :))) 
Can see the silence ... 
' s Is bigger 
Is such a hard working individual that he believes each of you should donate 5 dollars to his ' jar of misc . Funds for weekend excitement ' 
Thinks his female companion is a good person to spend the day with . 
Is exposed 
Is open 9-5 today , or you can visit our website at facebook.com/nicktehrani 
is Looking at life through the eyes of a tired hub , Eating seeds as a pastime activity 
wants to go to glove world with his < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > . 
Heyheyhey ! 
nipple 
likes that your still here :) 
is tired of this weekend ... :( 
i would tell you to blow my mind , but that would be disgusting , and i dont think i would be aive afterwards 
intimidates you :D 
What a great night :) 
had a fun filled day ... if only ... 
here we are , argueing day and night\ 
the end is far , as we yell and fight\ 
ill yell rawr , because i know im right\ 
but here were , every day and every night 
My birthday , and going on vaction ! :) 
98 rock fest tampa tonight . :) 
the more time I spend in florida , the more I feel sexual . The intensity is rubbing off on me . 
