I'm here .... 

this f***ing shit sucks I really can't fucking stand the irony of life I really do hate this ... * sniffles 
I honestly don't know today .... 
trying to get better ... don't know why my mood is killing me ... i need distraction in life ..... 
today is going to hurt physically and metally this time ... 
.... I'm okay ... 
is still wondering ... 
Tired , duty , and way to many things going on through my head about this weekend with Medic . Still need to fix what I thought I fixed . Not an improvement unfortunately but I am getting there . 
nevermind found out I still have duty until tomorrow after work . I just hope my relief actually comes through this time and doesn't leave me on post . 
I just want to be relieved before I nap on the desk ... 
Medic is almost here ... and he just checked in to facebook so now he can see this site to . 
Happy 4th to all my sweethearts . I hope you enjoy it . 
There is a bigger world through the mirror than you know , all you have to do is fall through . 
\ .... why you so obsessed with me ... \ " - < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > " 
with my baby for the weekend now that he's awake lol ... love you sweetheart . 
just getting by ... 
We keep fighting everyday in this world knowing we might still lose yet we fight everyday knowing we could win . The battle is never the hardest but it is the biggest part of it . The outcome is truly what makes or breaks the person ... ( personal thought ) 
Those who die are those that have lived , those that live are those that remember . ( military personal thought ) 
To feel the pain of a thousand waves crashing onto a lonely rock out in the middle of the ocean is a pain so many can feel . But on my rock the light in the lighthouse has broken . I only hope to replace the light to help leads the way , otherwise the boat h 
To always wish the dream was a reality , to be where you want to be , to see who you want to seem and know that everyday you are happy with the life you have ... 
Everyday in our lives something changes , whether it be our mood , our actions or the way we think . They affect us in many ways whether it be good or bad and they affect those around us . What will change next ? 
I want to break free of the nest and I want to fly like a bird , I want to live for the life I should own . Hit me up if somethings going on tonight ... I don't know I am bored as I write this ... 
Last night was pretty cool made a new gf and danced most of the night . Just chillin at friend's house watching movies about to eat breakfast . 
Can you ever truly define love in this world , or , can you truly ever find it , and when you do is it already too late ? 
When life turns a blind eye to you and leaves you alone where or who do you turn to ? 
Name your favorite alcoholic drink in preparation for the weekend . Payday ! 
Just getting by as the sun rises and sets each day knowing it will be too long before the pain goes away ... 
So as the bad news gets to only worse I try and keep my head high until duty ruins what hope I had of drinking it off and its reserve weekend to ... * sigh 
Off to the naval reserves ... not really just have to babysit them all at work on a saturday ... figures with my luck ... 
okay so the reservists are gone ( system is still down globally ) but now chief's got me doing worksheets for the war college now ... * sigh 
I love Penguey ... 
getting ready for the turnover . Can't sleep as much so I'm ready for the break . 
I think I upset my medic , I'm sorry baby ... I really need to loosen up on swearing sometimes , I don't mean too I just do it out of habit and short temper . 
Going to see my baby tonight . All I have to do is just get through the day . Hope I can make it . 
I just want to see my baby , why do they do this to us all we want is to be together and they keep us apart .... 
Stupid fucking people on my mind again . I just want to pull through everything and make sure to get things right especially since my * death experience * again . 
Just ready to go home where I belong . 
Going on leave today to finally spend more than 3days with the husband won't be back for 2 weeks . Going to VA , NC , and FL . Take care everyone enjoy the weekend . 
Disney was wonderful and I took lots of pictures . Should be heading up north soon . I will be sad once it ends . 
Good luck everyone on the exams tomorrow , I'm sorry I won't be there with you guys but this time my happiness needed to come first . <3 
Just wishing that my total bliss would not come to such an abrupt end as the sun sets passing the day . 
after a little bit of a hold up here in VA I will be home soon aka tomorrow . 
I think I've lost my way and I think I may need help .... but I just don't know how or where to go ... 
Is wondering who went wrong and started all this .... 
For anyone who has an xbox live account and ACTUALLY plays please note me . I am on xbox live and play frequently and would like a pal , note please . 
I am sorry , * sniff I really did try .... 
Please let me cry , I don't want to be violent ... 
....... 
I'm done ! > < Thats it sentence me now because I am f***ing through . 
Thank goodness , he helps otherwise I wouldn't be here .... 
Feeling a little better now but last night had me worried . 
* cries I miss him so much , my good cookie is not worth so much heartbreak and pain .... 
We really do hate \them\ " sometimes ... " 
Its all my fault I'm miserable I let the fucking comments that everyone tries to say behind my back get to me . I try not too but when you are barely hanging on its kinda hard ... 
Just found out my baby won't be here ... again . I can't stand how these days are getting worse and worse . 
If you can't come here I will leave and go to you ... 
Please .. I beg you ... just bring me thursday so I can have my day off on friday ... 
So happy right now I'm on special < PROPFEMALE > and my baby is almost here . I'm so happy . :) 
I don't want him to leave ... can't I just go with him ... 
my baby's gone . I miss him so much . I'll be waiting for you baby . 
Can't wait for my medic to be back . I love him so much . <3 
So I have decided that the spider bite ( brown recluse more than likely ) is not worth my time no matter how many symptoms I get . If I get worse I can always go back to the hospital who said it was no big deal and show them my eaten arm . For now though I will be the tough cookie . 
Spider bite gone now I have a small crater on my arm :) Guess I won't die after all . 
I love my baby , if only he didn't have to leave . Can't he just transfer here or let me go to him ? 
So I have decided that if you do not like me I do not care . Take me off your friends list , don't just keep me for the games . I do not want a comment or reply on this post cause I'll delete it . I am through with stupidity and suckups , I am through with people who say they care but they don't . I am not a hookup , I am not stupid , and I don't appreciate it . For those who keep me I love you guys and will keep in touch . <3 
I just want this over with .... 
So I have decided that the Navy finally won after 4 years and in 8 months I will be back in < PROPFEMALE > as a Navy wife rather than a navy sailor . I love baby I'll be home soon . 
I'm so tired and sick of working . Is it August just yet ? * So I have decided that the Navy finally won after 4 years and in 8 months I will be back in < PROPFEMALE > as a Navy wife rather than a navy sailor . I love baby I'll be home soon 
Enjoy the thanksgiving weekend and get ready to start decorating for the winter . 
I can't wait my baby's almost here and just in time for his birthday too . :) 
My baby's here with me today and it's his birthday can't wait to celebrate it and I got a sexy date on friday I can't wait . I'm actually excited ! :) < PROPFIRST > Stephenson Lady < PROPFIRST > 
Enjoyed every last second of my husband's birthday , I only wish we could of had dinner . I'm hungry now . I love my baby . 
I don't want my baby to go . I won't see him until possibly christmas . I'm going to be so l alone without him . BABY DON\T GO !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! " 
So my baby's gone . I almost cried but I'm trying to be strong for him . Hopefully I have a goodnight with the girls at the NHCNE holiday event . Time to party Corpsman ! 
Had an awesome night with the NHCNE crew , I actually loved tonight for once and felt good but the slow dance was what made me cry without my baby here for me . 
Getting ready for hopefully an awesome night . Posted NHCNE christmas party photos for everyone . 
It just really hurts sometimes .... 
So I have decided today that I really do hate being here and can't stand the way life has treated me this past year . I just want to go home back to where I belong . IS THAT TOO MUCH TO FUCKING ASK FOR !!!!! 
A special thanks goes to baby travel today for all her help . We love you baby travel ! ? < PROPFEMALE > Sacrey 
Talked to the detailer , as of right now next orders take me to VAW 123 ( squadron in Norfolk attached to the Enterprise ) , so it comes down to either A . take the orders once they print and keep my job or B . get out in augest at 4 years and try to find something else ...... 
I can't wait to get away from all this pain at least for a few days . I love you medic and I can't wait to see you baby , you are worth more than any holiday gift I could ever recieve . < PROPFIRST > Stephenson 
Feels so good to be home where I belong away from the madness . Even though I am sick I am still the happiest I have been in a while , thanks boys . 
Happy holidays to the best of you I wish you all the joy and happiness in the new year . 
Enjoying every moment with my man , dreading the return home though . I shouldn't have to leave this place . 
Wondering what will happen with the new year ... 
I'm just glad its almost over and I can finally relax ... 
why is it I can only have my perfect world for a few days at a time ? 
I still have to download Penguey's winter photos but I just love xbox live to much to want to quit . 
Nothing hurts more than watching your husband cry and beg to stay just because he can't stand to leave you behind and wants nothing more than to be by your side . I miss him so much , I just want to cry . :( 
I'm just so bored with life here . I just can't wait to get to the squadron , then I'll be exactly where I want to be . 
If only this was easier than what they made it to be .... 
PENGUINS !!! * penguey waddles around the room * 
I can't wait to see my baby Tuesday I hope he drives safely with the weather . 
So today I will have to face the one person I thought never to have to face here . I could take on any officer ( navy or law enforcement ) in the world except one ... my dad ..... 
I can't wait until tonight I got my medic on his way . I'm so excited . <3 <3 
I think I'm dying but I'm not sure just yet . I'll let you know . I'm just bored and don't want to be alone especially with my baby gone . 
I'm still hurting but at least I am up and running 
One of these day I will proud to say nothing is wrong and have nothing go wrong that day but until then I'm just getting by . 
Tomorrow for Naval Station Newport it is Essential Personnel ONLY . This was put out by the base CDO . Please PASS IT ON !!! 
If you have a wonderful husband , fiancé or boyfriend that works hard to provide for you & would do anything just for you & your family , then repost this as your status to give the honest well behaved men out there the recognition that they deserve ............ because great men are few and far between , and I have one . ? 
It's < PROPFIRST>'s Week ! So time to change your profile pic to a \sweethearts\ " picture . Put up a pic with your significant other and post how long you have been together !... Married for 1 year in April . I love you baby ! * kissy face * ? " 
I hate cleaning on my off day . I can't wait though hubby will be here to visit in a few days I'm so excited . I love you baby ! <3 
Is it thursday night yet ? 
Finally have my NWU uniform I hope the Navy is f*cking happy . You better thank my husband . I love you baby <3 I don't know what I would do without you . * kissy face 
I hate this so much ... JUST F*CKING TRANSFER ME ALREADY !!!! 
* sigh * I just want a hug ... :`( 
Sometimes I wonder if I am a horrible person because of the things I do and other times I find myself thinking why do I care ... Is it wrong to be this way and if so how do I change it ? 
I don't know what to do tonight ? 
I just wanna get through these next few months without punching someone in the face so PLEASE don't test my < PROPFEMALE > , I haven't gone through anger management yet . 
Rhode Island sucks ! > < No < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland showing except Providence Place mall at midnight and I don't drive . Friday doesn't even look hopeful of a showing in the local area . This really f*cking blows and I wanted to dress up too . Next time I'm going to Va . At least there I'll be able to see it on time . 
\What the fuck is wrong with me ?? Please ... somebody help me ... I don't what to do anymore ... \ " -secret teller " 
Trying to get the help I need for myself , please don't bother me about it too much . I just want to get the help I need at this point and get through what happened . 
Hubby is on his way up to help me out . I really love that man . The things he'll go through for me makes everything so worth while . I love him so much <3 
hubby is here to help me out ... I'm so lucky to have him pull me back from such a hard time . He really is my medic who saved my life . I love you < PROPFIRST > ! 
hubby is gone now and back home . damn I miss him so much . I love him too much and I can't take it . * sniff sniff CRY :,( 
thanks < PROPMALE > Knigge you always seem to find advice when I feel I have not much else . 
IS IT REALLY THAT FUCKING HARD TO UNDERSTAND !!!! 
Went out and cut my hair and added small color to it . Definitely miss my old look but hopeful for the new one . Hopefully it won't be a problem anymore . New pics posted . 
Stressing out way to much you would think it would have killed me by now . Still crying through though . I can't wait for this to be over ... 
... I just want to go home ... I am starting to not care about how I get there either ... 
Just had a long < PROPMALE > Potter filled night . Just missing the hubby right now though as we chat on Skypey . 
Hitting up Xbox live tonight . Up for a match ? HeartAndEnvy is the tag so hit me up . 
Jumping on Xbox live tonight . Up for a round ? HeartAndEnvy is the tag and I'll clear the floor with you . 
I think I clean to much .... at least my Chocobo is on his way . I'm so excited . I think Penguey is a little jealous but he is always is number 1 in the world . 
I'm so bored today and I have to finish cleaning and packing for the weekend . I'll see you soon mommy . 
Why did the navy have to do this , it's not fucking fair to mess with people's lives without asking first ? Unless I ask you for help directly don't FUCKING PUT YOUR FOOT FOWARD !!! 
Alright I got my very first set of stiches today . Hooray !! I was so excited I even got to watch and didn't feel any pain . Now if only they could tell me what I actually have this time rather than guess . I don't want this soon-to-be scar all for nothing . 
My stiches are killing me I just want to get this week over with and get them the f *** out . It stings ! Not only that but dealing with the car debate again and its killing me . 
Alright my status is opened to the facebookers to vote . I am getting a new car but trying to officially decide what to get and how to get it . So let's hear you thoughts on type of car and how to purchase ( ie : < PROPFEMALE > , dealer , used , etc ... ) . START ! 
Most things in life neve really change at all no matter how much you hope they would . And man that is a f*cking let down at times .... too bad .... 
So what is everybody doing for Easter ? 
Happy Easter everyone ! Hope you all enjoy it no matter how you celebrate the day . 
It sucks when the holidays come around and you can't see the one person you wanted to most . I miss you so much < PROPFIRST > Stephenson I can't wait to see you soon . <3 
I love my baby < PROPFIRST > Stephenson he means the world to me and no one could ever replace him ( except Penguey maybe ) :) just kidding ! 
My poor baby left this morning . It just sucks after over a month of not seeing him it sucked having him for only 3 days . They better let him come visit later on this month . I just want to transfer already . I miss too many people down there . 
I am ready to go already . I am starting not to believe or care about what \the other\ " people think anymore . Can't it just be summer already ? " 
Through and through it all I have found out only 3 and a half months left . My orders posted to VAW 123 in Norfolk . I'm finally going to the only place that has ever felt like home . This is all almost over I can't wait . 
? ? If you have a husband that makes you laugh , that you can say is your best friend , who you want to grow old with , who always picks you up when you are feeling down , who is your world , and a man that you can thank God every night for , copy and paste this to your profile with your anniversary date ! ? ? 04/21/2009 ( next week ) 
Actually enjoying myself right now . Its a nice feeling to have and I'm learning things that are actually helpful for me . Thanks < PROPFEMALE > E Arriola you're the greatest . 
I finally know what home I am getting .... I hope . Just hope its available once I get down there . Working on my googly list still but I'm getting there . 
I fucking hate nightmares . They ruin everything that goes on with the day ... 
So today is April 21 , 2010 which means we have officially been married one year . Congrats < PROPFIRST > Stephenson we made it now if only we it could be a year together . lol I love you so much baby Happy Anniversary . <3 
Felt bad I didn't talk to < PROPMALE > much but I will get to spend my weekend with him and that matters more to me than anything . I can't wait to hold him again . Now if only the week would end quicker . 
I can't wait until tomorrow night I get to see < PROPMALE > and that's what matters to me more than anything in this world . 
I can't wait my baby will be here soon . Sucks I have to work this weekend though . I wish I could just spend it with him rather than with him and my office . At least I have him though and that's what matters . 
my baby's here hooray ! now if i could just get out of this damn office and i'll be good . 
Nothing hurts more than watching him walk away , not knowing when I will see him next . Nothing hurts more when the one person you want to be with wants the same thing , and yet you can't be with them . I miss you < PROPFIRST > Stephenson I can't wait to see you again soon . 
I hate this I'm not sick but I feel sick and its driving me crazy ! Make it stop ! 
I just wish some things were different . Maybe then ... it would be right ... maybe ... 
Officially 3 more months and I am back in < PROPFEMALE > where I belong . I can't wait :) 
I just want this month over with ... I have too much on my mind for me right now ... 
WHY IS IT SO FUCKING DIFFICULT TO GET A FUCKING CAR !!!! No I don't want to talk about it right now I just want to vent so let me be please .... 
I just got the best early birthday present I can ever ask for thank you so much for co-signing baby I love you . Happy Brithday to me ! Yayy !!!! 
Happy Birthday to all you mommy's no matter who you are . I am proud of you all for the way you are with your little ones and one day I will be proud to be one too ... ( just not yet ! ) Happy Mother's Day ladies . :) Enjoy it ! 
Hopefully everything gets back on track today then I will feel better . Now if only my mood could lower in temperature just a little and I'll be fine . 
I officially am the proud owner of Cinnamon !! I picked out her name when I picked her up yesterday . Finally felt a little relief but I hate that Matts gone now too . :( I miss him 
Can't wait for the weekend . Got funeral duty tomorrow and then the weekend starts . I don't know what to do but I am going to do something with my new found freedom . 
Have the weekend now to enjoy lets hope it goes well . Lots of plans for once . 
All right friends list has been revised , if you feel you do not belong or don't want to PLEASE I beg you remove yourself so I don't have to care . I'm through with bullshit from people no matter who you are . 
One of these days I promise I will be ...... 
* Sighs * honestly what will go wrong next I wonder ... 
I love my girls Jucileia Palomares & < PROPFEMALE > Lattufe . Thanks for everything this week ladies . Can't wait to hangout this weekend . By the way I love my Pooh stuffie . :) 
I'm told to just give them up , it's not worth the pain , but i can't because i care for them . What's a girl to do ? 
Nothing else 2 do . Playing shooting games ( RE5 , CODMW2 , and HALO ) so if ur on hit me up . Gamertag is on my profile in the gamercard section . C-ya ! 
RE5 tonight on XBOX360 while planning transfer date . Wonder what date it will be ? 
Alright time for the leave to start . FREEDOM FROM ALL OF THIS ! All I need comes in tomorrow and then heaven will be staring me in the eyes . * googly eyes the shiny gates opening * 
Nice weekend with the in-laws so far definitely busy . Thank you guys for the early birthday wishes ! Talk to you all soon . * runs off * 
Thank you all for the wonderful birthday wishes ! Its great to see so many people who cares . Thanks again ! 
Going to get ready to enjoy the last night with my in-laws and then tomorrow comes the last night with the hubby :( Just working out moving plans right now and stuff . Hate duty ! 
In-laws leave this afternoon . I am so not ready for tomorrow night when the hubby leaves . I have no idea when I will see him next since the car is out of comission for a while . I don't want him to leave :`( 
Just me and my baby enjoying the night together before he flys out tomorrow night . I think I'm gonna cry . :`( 
Hated being sick last night but it was nice to lay on the couch with < PROPMALE > watching < PROPFEMALE > eating pizza . Couldn't sleep from the pain but I'm doing better this morning . Won't be doing better when he leave tonight . * sniffles * Long drive home alone :( 
Off to the airport now I really don't want to do this . I going to miss you so much when you leave baby :`( I love you ! <3 
I MISS HIM < PROPFEMALE > MUCH !!!!!!!!! I can't stop crying baby come back ! :`( 
I'm on duty , tired cause I couldn't sleep , and in pain from my sea duty screening shots . I think today is going to be a long day for me and I have the reservists to babysit tomorrow . * smacks head on desk * 
This is going to be long but at least its fun . You ID card people make it worth it . < PROPFIRST > Calhoun < PROPFEMALE > West I hate this weather though , such a killer . 
Spent more time in Providence then I expected but it was worth it to see < PROPFIRST > and baby Talon again . I miss this . 
I can tell its going to be one of those weeks . Damn it ! 
Poke me , if you've had a crush on me ; like this status if you think im cute or inbox me if you want to have a relationship , now let's see who is brave enough to copy & paste this on there status also I was bored so this helped ! 
Official transfer date is set to August 1st !! I'm actually excited just about everything is set up just got one more GIANT list of things to do . I'm so happy I can't wait !!!! :) 
Am I the only one who seriously watches and keeps track of the FIFA World Cup ? PLEASE tell me I am not alone . By the way congrats to Greece on their first win for 2010 Yay !!! 
Had a good weekend now just relaxing & packing at home . I love packing . Let's me know that I am just a month away from being out of this place and with my hubby ! I can't wait :) Congrats to Brazil/Paraguay on their wins & Italy/New Zeland for their tie game . 
I just hope time flies at this point especially with everyone leaving soon . 
Will you really miss when I'm gone or will I be something else ... \A scattered dream that's like a far-off memory . A far-off memory that's like a scattered dream . I wanna line the pieces up --- yours and mine . \"" 
Through alot of tough choices I have come down to this ... soooo .... I have decided I am re-enlist . It will be on 30th June and I am relieved I'm almost done here . 
Finally uploaded new photos , the newest ones won't be done until tomorrow . Also just sent out invite to re-enlistment . Nothing big just small and simple on Jun 30th at 1530 in SWOS building . 
I'm so excited for tomorrow , this will be a good weekend busy Saturday and lazy sunday I can't wait for this . Re-enlistment Wednesday and one month left here . 
Awesome time Saturday with < PROPFIRST > watching Shen < PROPFEMALE > ( very nice dance ) and seeing the water fire show in Providence . Now its just a lazy day to clean up and relax for a bit . 
Does anyone else have XBOX live or SKYPE and would like to add ? Just updating my lists and wanted to see if I miss anybody . 
Household goods shipment is July 19th , I'm so excited . Now if only my stress would lighten a bit then everything would be better . 
So I finally re-enlisted today . Didn't feel any different , just another day . Household good is the 19th and I still don't have my TIS signed yet . Back to the drawing board in the morning if I ever get to sleep tonight that is . Its gonna be a long night . 
Depression is not a sign of weakness , it is a sign that you have been trying to be strong for too long . Put this as your status if you know someone who has or has battled with depression . Will you leave it on your status for at least an hour ? Most people won't , but it's mental health week and 1 in 3 of us will suffer , at some point in our lives . 
Please tell me I am not the only one trapped on this island for the WHOLE weekend . Is anybody out there ? I'm looking for things to do . Hit me up ! 
Last night was too long of a night and I still ended up awake at 9am this morning . Its going to be a long weekend . 
The funny thing is it doesn't feel like a weekend at all . I wonder why ? 
This is a day to thank your military , not for a day off ( for those that are ) but for your freedom which we fight for everday . Whether you are a soldier on the ground , a sailor out to sea , or an airdale in the sky my respect goes out to you . Happy 4th of July ! 
I offcially have less than two weeks before my things ship out and less than one month and I'm gone from Newport . Hooray !!!! :) 
All right playtimes over hitting up xbox live now ... 
Can't sleep but at least all my stuff ( as well as myself ) are almost out of here . Can't August 2nd get here any faster . 
Never thought I would hit such a high level of stress in my life ever but at least one good thing came out of today . Right < PROPFEMALE > K Dias ? 
Is it wrong to give your number to someone because you're nervous they won't let you in on the base but think you know why they wanted your number ? 
Enjoying the weekend so far with < PROPFIRST > Zuehlke but more importantly the World Cup final is tomorrow . Who do you think will win Spain or the Netherlands ? 
FIFA World Cup going down Spain vs . Netherlands . Let's go Spain ! 
FUCK YEA !!!!!! SPAIN WINS THE 2010 FIFA WORLD CUP YEAAAAAAAAAAAAAA !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
My phone is a shit bag so if you call and I don't answer after 2-3 hours again it's the phone not me this time I've missed 2 calls and 3 texts due to this thing . Also , its official I have 3 weeks left here in Newport ! YEA !! 
Can't sleep again but hey at least I'm almost done getting stuff together for the movers . Just another week to go before my stuff is shipped out . 
Can't seem to figure out how to organize my clothes and thats the last thing before packing my car this weekend . I'm excited freedom is 2 weeks away !!!!! :) 
Household goods have been moved and almost done with the rest of the boxes . July 30th is almost here . 
Just getting there while wondering how much I really have changed the past year and a half in Newport . 
I just want to get through the week . Too many bitchy people at work and way too many things running through my mind . 10 days and a wake up to go ! 
Too many sleepless nights and I'm pretty sure tonight will be the same . At least I can sit outside and draw all night . Too many things haunting my mind to sleep anymore . 
You said \f*ck you\ " behind my back and I heard you . Why don't you tell me how you really feel to my face . That way after I'm done realizing how much of a lie you've become I can say \ " FUCK YOU HARDER\ " to your face . This is my life deal with it ! " 
* watches tower fall * Freedom is on the horizon with one week of hell before reaching heavens gate . Great weekend ; drank with the boys fri & saw SALT , chilled with my girls sat , spent sat night with friend in ER bonding , & < PROPMALE > out with my friend today . Life for once though stressful is actually good . 
So I have decided that this week better go by fast . I can't wait to go . Vacation has been planned . Dates are 2-15 pending return date . Might bring days back further but we'll see . I'm excited and I think it might be setting in soon . :) 
I keep breathing and thinking to myself less than a week to go . Its kinda hard when you temper is at the breaking point and all the emotion you have left to feel has hit and all time low on the dragons scale . 
So today something happened I did not expect . I got my very first Naval Achievement Medal because I saved < PROPFEMALE > K Dias from choking but too me her life meant more than any award I could ever get . Love you girl !!! 
2 more work days & 5 days of Newport , RI . Goodbye dinner for myself & < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > who is leaving PSD for NUWC also on friday will be Thursday at 6:30 pm at Batik Garden Chinese Buffet . Everyone is invited ( well maybe not everyone ) . But just a small bye for us so if you're interested hit me up before hand so I know . 
Its kind of ironic how time always seems to put you into certain places at certain times of life . The only thought that goes through my mind is what will become of me next life . 
This is it . Last day of work .... few more minutes to go . Don't even know what I am doing yet this weekend . Anyone got any ideas ? 
So went and did scrapbooking this morning and just purchased new camera . Still have to clean but tonight I think I will stop to drink and play videogames before bed . Still don't know what I'm doing for sunday yet . 
One more night and its over going to see what I have left of mansions today with < PROPFIRST > . Should be a nice days to finish up an awesome weekend . 
Great day now I really have to motivate myself to finish cleaning . Going to be a long day tomorrow but well worth this year and a half of drama . 
Bye bye Rhode Island ! :) 
In VA now off to NC and then Friday evening off to Disney will write and reply more when I get to a computer . Miss you all ! 
In NC shopping an tomorrow night it's off to Disney . I miss all of you . 
Ok now off to Disney doing a late trip for early check-in . Already napped and ready to go . Love and miss you all . 
DISNEY ! 
Leaving Disney today will be back on a computer in a few days to message people . Bye ! 
Guess who's back in VA bitches ! that's right this chick . I'm back and ready to hit it . 
Finally getting settled in for now if anyone wants to meet up let me know and we will work out something . Feels good to be back . :) 
Checking in probably thursday so plans are to be made before then please . Still have a lot to do before then . 
So due to uniforms and other things check-in was delayed . Would have felt stupid if I checked in without them so those get picked up today for tomorrow . It will be weird doing this check-in tomorrow . Hope staying in is worth it ... 
FTN AGAIN !!! Just found out that even though I was told I don't get sent out this time not only will I be flying out for 4 weeks but I leave 1st thing monday . Poor < PROPFIRST > Stephenson will have to move into the apartment and take care of the puppy by himself . FTN ! 
I love Tex but she is teething way too much as she starts to chew on the computer keys ... 
Congrats to me as of yesterday I am officially over 4 years in the Navy . My first half of enlistment is now finished , and I haven't been to captains mast ... yet . * devilish look ^^ 
So some good news and bad news . Good news is I don't fly out today , bad news is I might fly out wednesday morning . Damn it this suspense really can kill a person . 
I fly out today to the ship & join VAW 123 which is more of a heartbreak than anything . < PROPMALE > will have to raise Tex and move into the apt by himself . FTN !!! I will be back on facebook as soon as I get back in a few weeks . Will miss you all . Take care ! 
Just got back from being out to sea and will be back out again in a few weeks . What to do , what to do until then ??? 
FTN !!!!! 
..... 
going out to sea again on monday for almost a month ... any last words ?.... 
Happy 1st of October ! Only 30 more days until Halloween . Now the big question please comment here while I am out to sea is ... What should I be this year ???? 
Just got back from underway , feels so good to be home again . Want to say Happy Birthday though to the greatest Mommy in the world . I love you ! 
Tired and worn out like crazy . Today is going to be too long of a day . Is it 2012 yet ?? 
Okay so my watch is done and have not slept since 5am yesterday , still have indoc before I can go home though . This yesterday/today is not over yet sad to say . 
Damn NOPF quit changing my husbands schedule everyday . I hate not having days with him because you keep changing is section . FTN !!!!! I just want soemthing close to a normal life with my husband . IS THIS TOO MUCH TO F -- KING ASK !! 
Will add more photos later just wanted mine and < PROPFIRST>'s photo up since it was saved to the phone . 
\and so it shall be when the world shall come to meet it's fate and when that day is upon us I shall be standing there in laughter knowing it was all of you who had brought this upon yourselves\ " -unknown " 
How do you learn to relieve stress before it hurts you when it's all you have ever know ????? 
Mother-in-law in town . Definitely a \different\ " experience . PRT this morning though . I passed weigh-ins on the line . Let's hope I make the bike otherwise it FEP for me . " 
I passed prt now leave me alone until the next one :) 
Saw Yasin Mista-successful < PROPMALE > playing and I wanted to play too . So for the next 24 hours inbox/message me a question and i will answer it on the status . ( Don't worry I will not put who asked the question ) 
I never thought I would see the day when I didn't want to be a PS anymore .... :( 
Christmas party tonight ! 
Had an okay weekend nothing special at all . Just going through each day now as much as I can . What to do for Thanksgiving I wonder ? 
So advancement results came out today ( I did not make it again but I'm not too worried . I told you all I wouldn't make it ) but congrats to all my luvs who picked up . I'm so proud of you !! <3 
.... still stressing .... will the pain ever go away ? 
TO ALL PS's: Does ANYONE know where to find an NSIPS user guide or have references to help me through deployment until another PS comes next fall . I don't know how to do this here alone . I have too many questions in life as an itty bitty . :( 
Had an okay weekend . Still not ready for underway or deployment by any means ( especially uniforms ) . How do people find the time with the shitty schedule here ? 
Back to pack out so we can leave this week . I'm too sad to go . I hate leaving home for no reason . Sometimes I really think FTN on days like today . 
Alright last < PROPMALE > leaving soon and this might be IT so please message me or send me your email so I can write it down before I go please . I have no contact information so if you wonder why I have not written this will be why . Last < PROPMALE > . Thank you . 
Happy Birthday to my wonderful husband < PROPFIRST > Stephenson who turns 25 today and has to work tonight which sucks . Happy Birthday baby ! I love you so much . 
Have to be on boat tonight for underway . I will miss you all when I go out but in case I don't come back I want to wish everyone happy holidays . 
So I am back for now until deployment in January . Still have to wait a couple of hours to go home though but at least I'm back if nothing else . 
I'm all alone there's no one here beside me in this office .... other than chief that is . 
Just waiting to see what happens for the holiday . I hope I don't have watch on christmas I already will be at Matts job christmas < PROPFEMALE > . :( 
Post this on your < PROPFEMALE > and see what they want from you . INBOX ONLY : 1.my baby 2 . Another < PROPMALE > 3 . Love 4 . Kiss 5 . Friendship 6 . Cuddle 7 . Long relationship 8 . Good laugh 9 . An apology 10 . Be my friend 11 . Hug 12 . To go out wit u 13 . Booty call 14 . Texting buddies ? 
I hate waiting on section leaders they need to post the damn watchbill for christmas already so I can see if I have watch that day . F*CKING A** !! 
Only a week to go until Christmas and I still don't know what I'm doing yet but at least I'm almost done with all my shopping . 
Finally wrapped up christmas shopping now all I have to do is wrap up the gifts 
Less than a week to go until christmas , then I'm on leave dogsitting , then new years , then finally deployment . It will definitely be a busy end of year . 
No watch on Saturday I am so excited . I just have to face to face muster . THANK GOODNESS !!!! I am so relieved . Question is ... What time will be the muster ? 
Alright time for watch ! Lets go freeze to death . 3rd watch in less than one week just so I don't have watch christmas day , I am on a roll . FTN ! 
So its almost christmas time . What are you doing for the holiday weekend ? 
On leave finally so no muster for me :) 
Actually spending time with the hubby . I really needed this . It's been so long with the busy schedule . Sucks though that I will be leaving just when I get to be with him . 
Just found out I will owe more money to the government again for shit they never took the time to do . If I could do it I would and its because I can't that I will now owe money for the second time in 6 months . Thanks alot Navy . FTN !! 
Almost time to leave for deployment . Any last words ? Message or comment anything on your mind . 
So this is my last status before deployment . I grabbed as many emails as I could . If you do not get an email from me and want to chat my email will be paula.stephenson@navy.mil or paula.stephenson@cvw1.navy.mil . I will miss you all , wish me and Penguey luck . Bye ! 
