Happy New Year , happy blue < PROPFEMALE > 

Prom was so awesome 
Graduation , can you believe it ? I'm going to miss Tech . It's become part of my home , my family and my daily life . Congratulations seniors of ' 09 , much love . 
This Earth's gravity can't hold me forever . 
The current average on the \How Well Do You Know < PROPFIRST > Plate\ " quiz is 58% " 
I'm in < PROPMALE>'s house ! 
Is rediscovering his taste in music 
I like sitting under the night sky alone , waiting for my friends to call me . 
got a 4 on AP < PROPMALE > History and 4 on AP Macroeconomics . 
< PROPFEMALE > Movie is actually probably the best comedy movie I've seen in a really long time . 
The Cup at 7PM for a performance by < PROPMALE > Garvee ! 388 < PROPFIRST > Duzer , Staten Island , NY . I can't make it , but that doesn't mean you should miss this great band's performance ! 
Misses SNES . Gradius III , Super E.D.F. , Mystic Quest , 7th Saga , Hyperzone , Super < PROPFEMALE > Wars , Super < PROPFEMALE > Wars The Empire Strikes Back , Fatal Fury II , Mortal Kombat . 
\When two people part it is the one who is not in love who makes the tender speeches . \"" 
The sacrifice is never knowing 
Thanks for the birthday wishes everyone <3 
Zombie apocalypse ONE FLAG , Zombie invasion at Six Flags Fright Fest SIX FLAGS . MORE FLAGS , MORE FUN . 
Is getting pretty irritated . 
DSED ( Disproportionate Self-Esteem Disorder ): Self-esteem exists in too small an amount in one area , and too great an amount in another . First Diagnosis : < PROPFEMALE > Chapple K.C. Yami ( 2009 ) , strain - < PROPMALE > ( Self-importance disorder ) . 
I wish I could make a meaningful and honest status that could fit on a bumper sticker . Maybe someday . 
If telepathy exists there are probably at least three differnet types , transfer , detection and ideosis . 
Apparently I become more romantic as the weather gets colder . That's not backwards . 
I like that my midterms are going in order of hardest to easiest , and that I've already completed two of them with a third to be completed in two hours . 
No more midterms ! 
Hey , cool kids , I've seen at least two statuses claiming indifference to the game . Well , I'll do you one better . I'm indifferent to your statuses . 
Will be home in three hours * headdesk * So , hopefully some of you are still online when I get there . Also , my MP3 player is charging in the computer lab < PROPMALE > , and fifteen minutes of charging appears to mean 5 minutes more music . So guess who won't be listening to much music on the way home ? At least I get to go on the ferry with my friend < PROPFIRST > . Ttyl all . 
Well , I'm home . Most of you signed off right on cue -_- 
Living through a fantasy can be anything from a benign inspiration to a deafening uncertainty . 
Is giving a new series a try . Too bad it's all in subtitles of questionable quality . 
Okay , seriously , nay sayers : I have indeed slammed a revolving door . Next . 
:| 
Subject , check . Location , check . < PROPFEMALE > , check . Vengence , check . 
What a shame . 
So , I just did a Mock Essay , a five paragraph geography essay , a five paragraph history essay and a one < PROPFEMALE > of complex research questions for two sources . Somehow , I still have an hour and a half to kill before < PROPMALE > . 
Oh , very cool . I've been in the computer lab for two hours now , /not/ charging my dead MP3 player . 
Thank you , cotton < PROPFEMALE > 
Two people from IS51 have statuses about each other in my news feed ! AH 
is going to Tech on friday . 
Dance ! Everybody dance ! 
I think you'll find that the universe pretty much covers everything . 
Argumentative essay complete . Geography book ... at home . 
is going to Brooklyn Tech tomorrow . 
Saw 2012 with Dmitriy . So . friggen . metal . It has absolutely no attempt at realism whatsoever and I like it ! 
Solar rainbow halo for 1+hours . Amazing and beautiful . 
My internet has decided that it will stop working at the most inconvinient possible instances with no < PROPMALE > of any part of any site it deems unworthy of its greatness working in the future . 
I think living purely by logic , purely by faith or somewhere in between can all be admirable ways to live , but one certainly does not follow the other . 
Do you wanna feel pine ? 
found a survey he did when he was 15 after searching his nom de plume O-o 
My brother's here with my niece , nephew and my sister-in-law :) 
I need my own group : \Glad I wake up and it was all a dream . Usually . \"" 
loves how his friends and even people he barely knows all fit together in traceable circles that overlap each other in literally hundreds of social constructs . 
does not like when he can not find out the information he wants without resorting to overt methods . I refuse . 
Happy Thanksgiving FB 
Too many groups about doing ... anything . It's making me dizzy . 
got his first choice schedule . Chem 101 , Stat 213 , < PROPMALE > 156 , Engl 220 . 
You know what would be nice right about now ? A relationship . : k 
is going to < PROPMALE > Heights again for a field project and wouldn't mind the company of a traveling < PROPMALE > . 
Mypolls is really starting to piss me off lately . Still looking for someone to come with me to < PROPMALE > Hieghts tomorrow : < even if for a little while . 
I've never been political , but the prevalence of discrimination that still exists , especially toward women and members of the LBGT extended community have convinced me to take an active role in combatting social injustice . Good job perpetrators of such crimes , you have just gained a powerful enemy , be afraid . 
My profile picture is the best pokemon , back off . 
There appears to be an exploded pillow where my neighborhood just was . 
Where's the < PROPFEMALE > ? 
Last final done . It's like waking up and finding out you have a snow day , only it's a month . 
Risen with healing in his wings 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ~ 
Advisory : so my dreams might actually be premonitious . 
Sherlock Holmes was great 
Happy New Year , Everyone ! 
If you like chocolate a lot , I recommend a Cadbury Milk Chocolate or Semi-Sweet Dark Chocolate bar and Hershey's Bliss Milk Chocolate . If you're feeling adventureous try Lindt Amaretto or Mint chocolate truffles . If you're feeling adventureous and want a bar , try toffee , chili or orange . Oh , and you can never go wrong with chocolare oranges 
If you slice your lip open , first apply pressure . Then , apply ice and pressure until the bleeding slows down considerably . Later , put a teabag on the place where the cut is and press it gently with the ice you used earlier . Finally , coat the whole area with sugar without wiping off or wetting the blood . In a half hour or so you can clean yourself up as long as you don't wipe your lip or touch the cut . 
If anyone is willing to < PROPFEMALE > out this late at night , I seriously need something to do 
-Text “Haiti” to 90999 to donate . 100% of your $10 donation passes thru to @RedCross for Haiti relief . Your cell carrier keeps nothing . -Text “YELE” to 501501 to donate $5 through Yele Haiti If you have the $5 , $10 or $15 to spare , they could really use it . 
Hell yeah , this group was made for me . \I can't think of anything good to talk about but I wanna talk to you ! \"" 
Good luck on the finals , Technites 
Enjoy Regents week ! 
Enjoy Regents week ! ( I mean the time off ) . 
The sun sets on the age of enlightenment . What will our new age be called ? 
Brooklyn Tech chemistry eats Chem 102 for breakfast . 
Boys are nothing but trouble . 
My ideal fruit salad would contain ( from most to least ): pineapple , kiwi , strawberry , blackberry , raspberry , orange , lemon and granny smith apple 
So , I don't follow football , but according to my mom this is the Saints ' first superbowl , and they won . So , uh , congratulations Saints . lol 
It's STILL snowing ! 
Chess set idea : The Heartless vs The Nobodies 
Gun Hei Fat Choi , and a happy St. < PROPFIRST>'s day ? 
So , the first empress of Russia , < PROPFEMALE > I , was either a Polish or a Swedish wash lady from Livonia . Her original name was < PROPFEMALE > Skaovronskaya . < PROPFIRST > the Great , you had some imagination ! 
My friend < PROPMALE > has given me one month to find a date , or he is going to disown me . Help ? 
Well , gee , that's cool formspring , don't work for two days in a row . Incase you're still curious , the answer is : I have mixed emotions . I'm content , but disappointed . Upset , but not focused . Overall , I feel pretty good . 
Twenty-eight days left ... hn . 
I am so mad at myself right now . 
No , I will not become a fan to see what your < PROPFEMALE > is about . If you want me as a fan , you let me read your < PROPFEMALE > and then decide to fan it . This is the biggest cop out since ending a book with a cliff-hanger . 
I just saw a Scion commercial at the beginning of my Nostalgia Critic video that had a song that I recognized to be ParagonX9s style , but there's nothing on Google about it . 
Oh look at me , I hate < PROPFIRST > Bieber . I'm totally cool now , right ? 
School < PROPMALE > + Internet = internal error 
I am blessed by the best friends that I could have ever hoped for , and I am truly grateful 
This thing is gorgeous ! So , so beautiful : http://www.abcgallery.com/M/mucha/mucha11.jpg 
Oh facebook groups , you never cease to amaze , insult or minimalize respect . 
I love poetry , even if it's the bane of my existence . 
Everyone's statuses are about the weather ... AND FOR GOOD REASON D: I heard this weather IN MY SLEEP . 
Urban Dictionary is useless by merit of its completely unintuitive search system 
Formspring.me, increasing your internet anonymity since 2006 . 
Taking a facebook haitus . Account will be here , but I won't ( for a while ) 
Okay , like I could stay away for more than a week lol . But I'll be on here less frequently than before . 
took the G train from one Conneticut Muffin to the other , completely unintentionally . Oh , and saw Excellery walking by too . 
Give me any number of points in a system and I can tell you how many possible lines can be drawn between them :) 
The formula I have derived for the number of lines that can be drawn from a system of points , no three of which are collinear , is as follows : If n = the number of points , and x = the number of lines , then x = n(n-1)/2 
A nap : your way of telling sleep \I'm just not ready for a commitment . \"" 
may cause irreversible death . 
Good luck BTHS students , and Europe ( for different reasons ) . 
has short hair again ! 
Welcome back , Pick 5 ? 
Comedy central bleeped South Park ? lol . Wow , they must have done something /really/ off-color for them to do that . Either that or Comedy Central didn't appreciate the irony of bleeping that particular episode 
Vengeance is not justice 
Never deny yourself food when you've lost your appetite to a bad feeling . When you're feeling down is the most important time to eat . Never make an important decision on an empty stomach either . Never give your reaction to big news until you've thought about it over a meal and slept on it . 
Happy SAT testing . It's really not as bad as it seems ;P 
Well , I'm not sure if a lab /can/ over tally , but I guess I'm going to have to hope . :( Chem 106LB 
is slowly mastering lucid dreaming 
note to self : time lotus 
One of my favorite characters of all time is Crona . Those of you have seen Soul Eater should know who I'm talking about 
Ugh , Texas education legislation , stop . What you're doing is wrong , just so wrong . 
First and hardest final done . Three more to go . 
Thank you < PROPFIRST > Moser for taking the only photogenic picture of me , ever . 
is officially done with freshman year of college . :3 
Happy birthday to the ground ! 
Had my first day of work . =) It was wonderful 
Opening tomorrow at 7 . Wish me luck 
Something about basketball 
My new bike <3 <3 <3 
Named his new MP3 player \Old Capitol\ " after the HyperZone stage of the same name . The boss of that stage has the same colors as the Sansa Fuze symbol " 
Suddenly , work tomorrow seems a lot more inviting . 
Inception is the best movie I've seen in a very long time . If you haven't seen it , it's well worth the investment 
Hesitation in war can prevent peace , but hesitation in peace can prevent war . 
is playing nationstates again . The Kingdom of Risouji II 
The most beautiful architecture possible , in my opinion , is a combination of all three of the high gothic styles - perpendicular , flamboyant and radiant . Add to that modern stain-glass making techniques and metal elements and you have something truly inspired . 
< PROPFEMALE > believe it ? 
Phishing passwords with bot from a proxy server ? Yeah , not cool 
Who's on first , What's on second , I don't know's on third 
is back in the city 
Placebo is very quickly becoming one of my favorite bands , mostly through their albaum Battle For the Sun . Thank you , Christian <3 
What was I thinking taking a completely new language lol . We'll find out how that's going to go on Monday 
Same song over and over again , I can't help myself D: 
Thank you very much everyone who sent me birthday wishes =D . It very much did brighten my day 
I admire those who can tread lightly . That is for certain some of you . 
Replace suspicion with scrutiny , and you might actually make some progress 
My new favorite word is magnanimous . It replaces mellifluous . I'm trading sound for substance 
It's one step forward and two steps back for you , isn't it < PROPFEMALE > - two steps right off a < PROPMALE > . 
300lbs 
What the Giants did with the Jaguars was pretty impressive . For those of you who don't expect this from me , yeah , I don't know either 
Spring 2011 : Philosophy of Psychology , Introduction to Creative Writing , The Structure of Modern English , The History of the English Language 
just finished his ethics paper . Sudden inspiration for the win 
Goodbye forever , DADT . 
Full lunar eclipse at 3:00 AM , on the first day of winter , 2010 
The new Zodiac is an update on the old < PROPFEMALE > map . Yes , you might have a different < PROPFEMALE > sign . No , you should not go by /that/ < PROPFEMALE > sign for personality reading . The data collected for personality trends for thousands of years is for the /old/ system 
Why does my want to be precise , make me , then , so little concise ? 
Cyberpunk kick 
You want something sweet and red , and you say it has seeds in the middle . Then before I handed you an apple , why didn't you say you meant a pomegranate ? 
Ghost in the Shell ( 1995 ) is awesome 
\I KNOW !! \"" 
I do not like finding out that a good author , especially a sci-fi author , is a discriminatory proponent of the removal of some basic human rights . If you're going to be an activist and an author , please make sure your exposed views don't completely defraud your writing's social themes 
Beware the Ides of March . 
Phew , I just finished my revision of my literary fiction assignment . Glad that I was able to get that out of the way . Next : revision of Observations in English paper , and nonfiction creative writing assignment 
How odd . I feel something I'd only felt long ago . Now again ? 
\We are the wind of change coming // \ 
Eliminativist argument + minor existential crisis + GAD = 
A first time appointment at a new clinic only fourteen and a half hours from the call to make it ? That is the fastest appointment ever ! 
<3 
Like I was telling < PROPFIRST > , go and see Sucker Punch . I saw it with Dmitriy , and it had the most incoherent story line , the most absurd conflict , and the least followable plot I have ever encountered . It also had stunning visuals , an awesome soundtrack , memorable characters , edge of your seat action , and despite the incoherency , and highly sympathetic characters . 
If you ever get an MRI for your brain , buy the CD from the clinic that contains the MRI and the MRI reader on it . It's so worth it 
Peccorino romano and provolone slices , black olives . Artichokes , ham AND perogies ? Yes much ? I think so 
I doubt the stars are fire , I doubt the sun does move 
I hate when I think I recognise someone , but confirming it would be too awkward 
I've never played Earthbound , but the battle scores are pretty brilliant 
In actual news , the human race was doomed to extinction as the robot revolt turned violent ... 
War of the ghost land take your souls , but give us freedom once and for all 
