Added some new and old pics of me 

happy easter 
yeah ... ok ... whatever , im not going 2 let other ppl's happiness come b4 mine 
lah-dee-dah , done with everything , yay me :) 
nothing i say implies anything , no worries 
going bowling with ev , < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPFEMALE > . girls vs boys , bring it lol 
yay , im moving 2 wildwood , but only 4 a little while , then off 2 living in rio grande 
i going 2 be in a local movie yay me ! i cant wait , and im so excited , hopefully i can get in2 other gigs as far as modeling and acting goes 
Going tanning today in Wildwood , Ev is with her daddy , I miss her already lol 
i think i fainted or had a seizure again 2day . bored sitting on the hospital bed hoping 2 leave early 
do-be do-be-do , im so ditsy , do-be do-be-di ... not really 
hidedon'tyouhoweverythingofidkcan'tbecausefromknow ? assholesbecausepplwhysucks , som me ... Persephone 
just left the pool , even got my hair wet ... now off 2 < PROPMALE > 4 a shopping spree , yay me 
Ugh some asshole was knocking on MY door to MY apartment at 2am ... I didn't answer but I wish I did now so I could've cussed whoever it was out . I hope that same person knocks on MY door again ... I HATE stupid ppl 
saw mikey on the boardwalk and i think i disapointed 1 of his friends when he asked me if i was here with my bf and i said yeah ... and then out walks my daddy and i told the boy i like older men 
Finally taking new pics 2moro , very excited because I think I'm doing like 3 sets of pics 2moro . All sets of pics are going to be taken on the beach by my daddy , so they're going to be tastefull with my twist on them . If anyone have any ideas of themes I can do , let me know :) :) :) 
Posting up my new pics in a cpl of hours , so be on the look out for them 
omg my daddy and i are getting a new car on monday , it's a pt cruiser yay us ... be jealous because it's in perfect condition boo-yeah 
Going to a swingers club , can't wait 
im not going to be a physical therapist , im going to be a cosmetic dentist 
uploading videos 
i found an ipod touch that someone left behind . they had it on top of their car , so i took it . wonder if they're looking for it and wondering what happened to it lol . oh well , their loss my gain 
Smoking some green tonight ... can't wait cause I want to get fuuuuuuuuucccccckkkkkeeeeddd up as hell , as much as I can anyway . Love me some good chicken with that white corn ... no one knows what that means I bet lol 
smoked some green last night , plan on doing it again tonight ... cant wait 
Smoking again , and this is by far the best summer ever . Thank you daddy , lol 
LOL my belly ring ripped out after I picked up some 20lb cat . The fatty kicked the hell out of my stomach and on the floor there's my belly ring . Oh well , wait til it heals and have it re-pierced , no big deal ... didn't hurt at all either , hardly bled too . 
smoking that kush and sour disel tonight , got me a lot that'll last me for about a month or so 
It feels good to know that strangers care about my well being on another site ... it's nice to know I have so much support from ppl all over the US and other countries , thank you 
Ugh ...... what to do , what to do ????? ????? ???? 
I'm going to create a social network , read my latest note to find out more 
Feeling a lot better now , love you < PROPFIRST > boy 
Uploading some new pics pretty soon , it's just face pics , not going to show the whole thing 
Posting my poems on here in my notes , so if you're into poetry/ want to get to know me better , I suggest you take a look ;) 
OMFG so bored right now , nothing to do 
Ugh I just saw a disgusting vid of a dog being skinned alive . And dogs packed in a back being cooked alive . Well all I can say is , that's another reason why I HATE some ppl , but oh well , I can't fix it , but you can watch it if you want 
After 2am , and now is when I start to feel better ... 
Wow , totally screwed up my computer , i need a computer genius to help , or take it somewhere to be fixed 
Have to make one minor change to one of my poems that I need to take down .... 
Downloaded some I-Spy games for < PROPFEMALE > and she barely sits still to play it lol , but that's ok 
So freaking tired , can barely keep my damn eyes open 
I'm having quite a few issues with my forum site , and the codes i have , so i had to delete a cpl of codes , look for them again , and now i have to do coding all over again . I did create a new site , just have to tweak it , and input A LOT of codes , going to be a month or so before it's really ready 
Lovely , at home sick with a cold , and cramps .... my favorite 
at mcdoobies with minor cramps , fml i hate it lol . me and public places don't mix at all 
waiting to see my Dr for my psychotic-ness lol , i really should get on disability . 
Hmmm ... feel like doing a photo set this week ... talking about modeling , taking pics , having a poem dedicated to wanting to model is making me crave to take new pics . Maybe I will , only problem is , I hate taking my own pics , but oh well , I'll manage ? 
After watching RuPaul's drag race , I want a sowing machine now , make my own clothes , I love Drag Queens . 
Thinking about changing the layout to my forum site : thepersephone.proboards.com\ 
\ 
I'm kind of tired of the bland look , so I want something a little more different , brighter . 
My forum site is going to be down for a cpl days , having a minor problem with a banner I need up , idk how to get it to work , so I need some braniac help maybe lol , but I'll try to fix it . 
Double ' U ' Tee Eff \ 
idk , what even .... 
So now you know , soon everyone else will too , and how stupid it is but nothing , not even a poem can express my feelings . New poem 2moro , but not to be posted anywhere 
Finally < PROPFEMALE > will go to heqd start hopefully , just sent in the app today , but might be a total waste 
Well I guess my forum site looks okay for now , it's open to everyone now . I'm not THAT into the new layout , everything looks scrunched , so I might change it back , idk yet . Anyway , enjoy it , oh also , whoever is staff , go to the Staff Board , cause I have something new I'm doing . 
Bought a whole thing of bleach for my hair , I'm tired of having almost black hair , I want a light < PROPFEMALE > brown color , with PINK on the bottom ... but I have to wait for my interview cause I don't want to lose out on a job for having pink hair , but if I don't get a call then my bf's niece will help me dye it :) 
Thinking about going to the library to do some workouts , they holding an aerobics from 4:30 to 5:30 . Only problem is , I have to bring a mat which I don't have , but I'm sure I can just bring a beach towel so it's long enough for me . And I have weights which I got for X-mas , so I have to bring those too . Maybe I can make some friends while I'm there , but I'm sure there won't be anyone my age lol , but who cares 
Had a great workout , as I said , I was the youngest one there lol , but the ladies that were there were really nice and sweet . Can't wait to go again next week . 2moro the library is having a Creative Writing class that's only for once a month , and I REALLY , REALLY want to go , it's from 10am to 12:30 pm , so that's a lot of writing . Also taking my portfoilo of poems to show off , wish me luck :) 
Ok so what's the the best way to wake up to a good day ??? Well I mean besides morning sex lol ... coming onto facebook and seeing that RAMMSTEIN is having some concerts in the US , and they're going to be in NJ . OMFG I'm so excited , I'm going to go . I can't wait for May 5th right now , at 1st I thought it was fake until I went to ticketmaster and yeah it's very true they're coming here . 
Had fun in my Creative Writing class , I have A LOT to write , I have 3 homework assignments , plus I have to write an epic story all in poetic form , for the theme of a white < PROPFEMALE > which symbolizes me . Since I have a lot of dark poetry , she's challenging me to write a poem(s ) that basically brings light to who I really am as a person , finding my identity cause idk who/what I am , never really thought too much about it . 
Oh and other good news , Fashion Bug is hosting a Fashion Show , and I signed up for it , it'll be like old times for me when I used to do the fashion shows . Going to FB today to get more info about it . 
I want to be on the bad girls club , or maybe create my own , idk if that'd be much fun though , we need drama 
Ok , I'm going offline for a few hours which let me say , will be VERY , VERY hard for me since I'm SO addicted to basically being on my computer , but I really do need to start working on these poems , I have a month to write 3 poems , plus the 5 mini poems I need for my epic so I have TONS of brainstorming to do , and I'll post up samples of what I have so far before I log off of here . 
Ok , so with my last status report about my epic , I had the pleasure in writing 4 mini poems , but that's only half way of the rest of my epic . I'm stumped on my 5th poem , which I will post on here too , but I need a bit of help with it , my mind can't think of anything . So after I finish that poem , I need to write 3 more , and that will end my epic . 
Getting ready to go to my yoga class , my mommy is going to take me 
I have 9 poems written for my epic , I have one more to go , I'll post up the other ones I have a little later , and I got some help with the 5th poem I needed , so it's all good . 
Thinking about downloading and watching a crap load of old shows like the honeymooners , the jeffersons , bewitched , all in the family , and more 
Oh and another thing , writing that freaking epic idk what it did , but I have so MUCH more things/topics I want to write now , it's as if I can't go a day without thinking of something new to write . I'm very excited to write out all these new poems I've been thinking of , 5 poems , plus a new epic that is going to consist of 23-25 poems , so it'll be bigger than my last , and more grotesque , but it's \inspirational \"." 
So I'm on failbook.com a lot of interesting stuff on there 
Making soup this early , hate laying down trying to sleep whilst breathing through 1 nostril 
Oy ! I feel like hell right now , been uo since 2am went back to sleep after 6am , my bf really needs to get some more pills , at least then can i breath and be motivated , hate being so LAZY , even when im not sick lol 
Found a cpl sites for creative writing that I'm going to join , maybe I can look into publishers that might like my work with the exception of my controversial and offensive ones cause I know those will be VERY hard to get published , but oh well , if I can just get my epic and my love poems published , I'll be happy nonetheless 
I'm going to create my own poetry site , that should be a lot of fun , I don't think anyone has to join , just more or less read my poetry and rate it . I'll get started on that in a couple days , or a month after I finish the last 3 poems for homework . 
That damn < PROPMALE > was outside the window this morning for hrs lol and all you see is < PROPMALE > chasing him around the room with a slipper , and his little panties on lol so cute , love you < PROPMALE > 
I'm still sick , but I'm GOING to my yoga class , seeing the teacher will make me happy , considering I have I < PROPFEMALE > , little , wittle crush on her lol , she's really nice , and at least she's in her 20's . At least I can breath through my nose , but now I'm coughing and my chest hurts . Thankfully < PROPMALE > wasn't outside our window , but I could tell he wants a gf lol , apparently he goes both ways lol which is perfectly awesome . 
Getting ready to take a short shower , < PROPFEMALE > wants to take a shower too , have to shave , and then after I'll do some yoga with < PROPFEMALE > before I head out . Also Fashion Bug called today so I have to go there either tonight after yoga class , or 2moro to pick out a cpl outfits to wear for the Fashion Show . I was going to cancel , but I changed my mind , I'll have < PROPMALE > take pics of me , idk if my mom is coming with me ? 
Awwww poor < PROPMALE > needs to go to a vet , his little eye is swollen really bad , I can imagine how much the vet visit is going to be , plus his meds , oh well , he needs it 
So excited for the Fashion show at Fashion Bug , I picked out two amazing outfits , can't wait to buy them . And as I was trying on my outfits , my mommy cried cause she was happy and proud . Going to take a lot of pics , and in a cpl weeks I'll take better pics of me modeling in my new outfits I have , can't wait . Now I'm going to go and practice curling my hair for 2moro . It's 2pm Rio Grande Fashion Bug 
Set my Ipod to wake me up at 7:30 , went to sleep MAYBE around 4 , woke up after 9:30 , and just now straightened my hair , curling my hair is too much work for me , now going to shave my lower legs , change my clothes to wear about 5 times ( don't want to show up looking really bumy and nasty looking lol ) , still excited and my tummy hurts , hate when I get nervous 
Had a very fun time at the show , I was nervous and it came ut when I wore my st outfit , I walked really fast lol , and I am VERY proud to say that out of ( about 10 girls ) , I was THE ONLY one that got offered a job , how freaking cool is that !?!? I'm beyond happy that I might have a job , I go in for an interview on Tuesday . Uploading pics either today or 2moro , I want to take more pics in my \winning\ " outfit lol . " 
Just got back home from a long day of shopping , got one outfit I used in the show , plus more accessories that were bought for the outfit , and a game controller for my comp , now i can play < PROPFIRST > and Donkey Kong 
Hanging out with my mommy , just got back from shopping with her , spending some time with each other , < PROPFEMALE > looks like a little cup cake monster , chocolate all around her lips lol , so cute 
Omg I was at < PROPMALE > today and I found these cute ass shoes for $1.99 , no lie , so I looked over them to see why they're so cheap , turns out ppl with only 2 right feet can wear them . So freaking pissed some dumbass would do that cause I wanted them . I shouldn't taken them to the front , oh well 
Going to do play skool 2moro with ev , using the workbooks I have for her . Now she's playing a caillou game my mom got her yesterday , she needs a lot of help with it 
Watching some Survivor online , waiting for my mommy to pick me , and I have my interview 2moro , be nice if I start this week , but I know it'll be next week 
OMG I want to take pics so bad in my new clothes ( and some old clothes that still look new ) , hate rainy weather , makes me not want to do anything ... oh well , I'll iron the clothes I want to wear , complete the outfits and just < PROPFEMALE > them up , so maybe I can take new pics this week 
I'm kind of mad at my insurance because I have a wisdom tooth under a broken molar , and my gum basically grew over top of my broken molar , and I was eating lettuce and idk what happened , but I have a little cut over part of my gum where my molar is , and so know it hurts really bad to chew on that side cause it feels like something went inside the tear ... I hate being so poor 
My interview is today , and I hope I get the job , I'll be very happy ... and then work on learning to drive 
Going to take a shower , pick out my clothes , do my hair/makeup make take a cpl bathroom pics , not of me in the shower but in my outfit I'm wearing for the interview , just wanted to say that . Sorry to have busted some bubbles . So away I go 
Just got done picking out my outfit , I think I look really presentable for my interview , uber nervous as hell , I just hope I don't stutter or mis-pronounce a word lol . I think I'm going to call to see if she can see me later than 4 , in case I don't have a ride , then my daddy will have to take me cause my mommy is at a business meeting . Anyway , going to do my eye brows and my nails 
Going to play the sims for awhile , waiting for my hair cream remover for my eyebrows to work , 4 more mins and I should have nice looking eyebrows again 
Just got back from my interview , it went EXTREMELY well . She was VERY impressed with my interview answers and said they were well thought out , for someone who doesn't have retail experience , I'm impressed with my answers too lol . I start on Tuesday , I only work 3 days though , Tues-Thurs , which means no more yoga class for me ( that sucks ) . I'm so freaking happy I can make money . 
Also , she told me when I got there that she was going to hire me anyway , so that made me feel really good , and she said that I keep impressing her , so I only hope that I keep on doing that , and making her happy , then I can be promoted to working on the floor . For now she's going to have me do stock , that's why I only work for the 3 days , but it's a lot better than nothing . 
So happy that my mom can take me to my job , < PROPFEMALE > will be happy to spend time with her too , so it's all gd 
On writing.com and I was searching for poems about self injury and I have to say I found one writer that is compelling to me . Her story and issues are baffling to me , I mean why she hasn't committed suicide for things she's gone through is inspiring but she cuts because of those things . Ppl say that ppl who cut do it for attention , never thinking about us who do it for mental reasons , and hide it , suffer in silence 
Going to work on creating my writing site , and join some publishing site , see how that goes . 
I hate that it's so ugly out , I want to take pics so bad ... well actually taking pics today wouldn't be so bad had I woken up early , having dark cloudy pics , I think I could make it work . Well now I hope the rest of the week will be ugly now so that I can take pics , I just have to get up early since it takes me a long time to get ready lol 
Downloading a crap load of shiz for my Sims , they better be happy with their < PROPFEMALE > for getting them so much stuff lol . I love my Sims lol 
Good stress release advice ? Play Sims , remain anti-social , let the tension die down , yoga is a gd idea to release the tenseness 
Im so happy i have a digital scale to get accurate weigh ins . I now weigh what i did b4 i got pregnant , i weigh 95.2 lbs 
Watching RuPaul's Drag Race online , I LOVE that freaking show so much . 
Going to shower , and get ready for my yoga class , this is the last time I can go since I start working next week , and I'll miss out on it , I'm going to hate not being able to go , but I can't switch that day around at all . 
Yoga class was fun . I picked out 23 outfits for photo sets , and three off outfits . That's a lot of pic taking lol , but always fun . Hoping I wake up early 2moro so I can take the pics . 
Finally going to get ready for taking pics , I'll see how many of the 23-24 outfits I can get through today maybe do 5 today . And I'm going to try to do the 3 half outfit pics too , I don't think I'll upload the pics today since i have to edit ALL of them , so maybe 2moro . I'm off , so no more computer 
Just got done doing hair and makeup for me and ev , im going to do a photo set with her , so its going to be a fun shoot . I might do another photo set with her in our PJ's . Anyway off i go again 
Going to take the 1st photo set in the living room now 
Going to upload the pics 2moro , idk how many sets im doing cuz i have to go to vineland with my mommy 
Woke up with some killer cramps , so i dont think im taking any pics today , sorry . But i will try very hard to edit the pics i do have , i think you guys ( hopefully ) like them , i cant wait to show them off , then play my sims . 
I'm trying to sit through the minor cramps I have to edit my pics and I must say , at 1st I wasn't that pleased with the quality of the pics , but they are coming out really gd with the exception of over editing to get the look of how I want , but overall I don't really think too many ppl will care just as long I have some new pics up . 
Oooooh heating pad on my head ( headache ) but don't call me a hot head ;) 
Getting ready for work , I go in at 4:30 but I have to get ready now as I'm so slow lol . Still in my PJ's , have to do hair , makeup , my eye brows , my nails , ugh so much to do to be pretty , but it's fun . I'm so freaking nervous , it's like going back to school BUT no mean bitches to make fun of me as they did , stupid girls lol 
Work was pretty fun , did a lot of organizing the clothes , putting things where they belong 
Going to get ready for work 
Getting ready to clean up some downloads i have for my sims . Had to get rid of 1 of them cause it messed up a little 
So Fashion Bug is having a 50% off sale 2moro and Saturday . I put a summer outfit on hold , so that I may put it on layaway ( yes they do layaway at the one I go to ) so I'm very happy . 
OMFG ! my straightener is broken , put some tape on it though , oh well , gives me a good reason to buy a new one , I have a cpl in mind that I want to get anyway 
Wow , 1st time I'm fully ready for work , now just have to get Ev dressed , and clean up the room a little bit , so freaking messy in here . 
Hopefully taking some new pics today with < PROPFEMALE > , doesn't look like it's going to rain , so everything should be fine , I want to go back to bed for a little while , so tired , Ev is having fun playing with straws as flutes . Anyway so if pics are done today , they'll be up 2moro after editing . 
OMG < PROPFEMALE > take a freaking nap already 
I need a new notebook very badly , I have 23 new poems I came up with , need to write another 24-25 poems for my new epic , so much to write about , I really want to get a cpl of them done that really need to be done 
Took some grave yard pics , they came out really pretty , just editing them now , hope to upload them by 10 tonight on my other < PROPFEMALE > . The pics of < PROPFEMALE > look really nice so check hers out too on her profile . 
So FREAKING bored , but I'm editing my pics , so that's all that matters , nothing else . Mine should be uploaded on here hopefully in a half hour or so , but they will be up tonight . I hope any and all who look enjoy them as much as I do , they are VERY pretty , and turning out really well , I'm impressed with myself once again . 
I feel really sick , my belly hurts so much , I ahte havig to write really hard poems ( meaning depressing ) , they make me feel blah , and I have to get ready to go to my job cause I have a meeting to go to . My poor boss got $150 stolen from her either on Monday or Thursday and she is PISSED about it . Hopefully cams will be reviewed for it 
I want a new phone 
I changed my mind , i want my own plan for a new phone , i want my own things 
Trying to upload some poems and of course it's not working , so freaking slow to upload 
Getting ready to go to work soon , I can't wait to go in , be in a different environment instead of being home , can't wait to get more hours and work more days . 
I hate my brain , I wish I could buy a new one , then everything with me would be a lot different . I'd handle things the way normal ppl do instead of doing other things . 
I want to make a calendar using my pics for each month , I think that would be fun . Anyway , downloaded a new photo program , can't wait to play with it 2moro , I'm uber excited cause it has some effects I don't have on my other 1 , but it's going to be a lot of fun . 
I need to find someone who is REALLY good with special effects , like body painting , or morphing me into something weird , crazy stuff I want to do sets for , but it'll have to wait until I find someone . 
Had a wonderful day at work yesterday , got work 2 extra hrs , cant wait to get paid , have a lot of stuff i plan to buy 
I just broke my phone by accident , it fell and now it's broken , the screen won't work at all so looks like with my 1st pay check I'm buying a new phone 
So tired but i dont want to sleep , mad about my phone , at least i can get calls lol 
Since I can't use my phone , I should probably take the time to get some poems done considering I have over 50 to write , and 2 of which are due 2moro for my teacher , but I'll still be on here for the select few lol 
Wow , there's actually nothing to do online lol , well after some new poems are written , i'll play my sims , need to hire strippers anyway 
OMG , I'm writing this hard ass poem about cutting , and I have to take pics in a little while at the graveyard again , but so far I have 4 poems finished , still working on the 5th one which is hard . 
Getting ready to take pics with < PROPFEMALE > 
Just got done taking pics , have to take more on Friday cause my camera was dying so we have to take the rest of the set that day when I'm off 4rm work . 
Can't wait to get my mom's other phone , freaking dying without , I'm like now deathly addicted to texting lol and I need a phone . Plus a lady from Head Start is coming up , just hope she knows how to get here cause since my phone is ruined , I can't take calls like I thought FM for breaking my phone . 
OMFG so happy that my mom dropped her other phone off to me , so idk how long I'll have it until I get a new one , but since I don't have ppl's # , sorry to bug you to ask what it is lol . But there are 3 phones that I like , and I think I REALLY want the pink one , only cause it's pink though lol . 
Oh yeah , also wanted to say that I calculated how many actual poems I need to write , and for 1 epic I need 16 poems for it , the other epic , 23 poems for it , and 37 non epic poems , so all together in general I have over 75 poems to write before 2012 , which is such an easy task BTW lol 
I forgot I have my creative writing class today , and I'm going to be a little late cause of the lady , hopefully it won't take more than 10-15 < PROPFEMALE > and then I can leave cause I REALLY have to see her for my ideas of my new poems , she's good with that , so I hope I can make it and she won't be mad about it . 
Ewww I feel like throwing up now , my belly hurts and I feel my mouth fill up with spit , yuck , guess I'm uber nervous 
Ugh almost 10 , where is the lady at ? If she's not here by 10:30 -11 , I'm leaving to go to my class . 
Just got back from my class , it was really fun , I wasn't the only one this time , 2 other ladies came in . Anyway , it's a nice cloudy day , going to take pics real quick before I have to start getting ready for work . 
It's so hard to take pics when it fucking < PROPFEMALE > , every time I want to add on to my Outdoor photo set I can't because of the freaking wind , and it wasn't < PROPFEMALE > at all walking to my class , wth ? Anyway only got 5 shots , 3 of which look like crap , I need a photog mail for position ... 
Facebook is pissing me off right now and I'm already not in a good mood -___- 
Now I have to go to get ready for work , I hope I can salvage the pics I took today , freaking sun wants to come out now , and I bet it's not < PROPFEMALE > anymore . 
What's wrong with me ? 
.............. wth 
Hope to get my new phone 2moro , I want ti really badly , I miss texting all day long lol 
Hope to get my phone 2moro , lots of ppl to text lol 
I HATE ALL HTC PHONES RIGHT NOW 
So happy I got paid yesterday , I have almost $150 ... I kind of miss waitressing at the clubs lol , but that's ok . Anyway going back to bed , need to wake up so going to listen to some ICP , a little old skool manson , some korn , and Arabic music as well 
So bored , and cold , and tired . < PROPFEMALE > woke up around 5- 5:30 freaking out cause her movie finished and was thirsty 
Gotta get some .... 
oh wow my arm hurts like hell , idk why , guess I gotta stop beating myself lol . No seriously , idk why it hurts 
Trying to sleep at night seems so stupid to me considering that I can't sleep because of < PROPFEMALE > , and I can't lay down without thinking of dumb stuff in my head wanting to cry every freaking minute , so tonight looks like I'm going to be up all night , wonderful 
I hate AT&T so badly , I went there yesterday to get my phone adjusted to how I want , and no one knew how to do it , wow they're smart . I walked out really pissed because the guy basically did the shit that I did myself , and handed it back to me as if he fixed it , ummm no dude you're stupid as hell ok . Thanks for fucking nothing . 
got me some gd chicken 2nite 
Single or not post this and see what u get in ur Inbox ! \ 
A . I like u\ 
B . I really like u\ 
C . I like u but to shy to tell u\ 
D . I wanna date u\ 
E . I think ur cute\ 
F . Im falling for u\ 
G . I wanna < PROPFEMALE > out with u\ 
H . Hug me nxt time u see me\ 
I . I hate u \ 
J . We shoul have great sex together\ 
K . We should < PROPFEMALE > out\ 
L . Your mean to me 
Yum , eating some pancakes :) 
my head hurts , but im still going to upload my new pics 2nite when < PROPFIRST > is done his homework 
Going to upload my pics now ^_^ 
So my pics are up on my other < PROPFEMALE > , hope many ppl like them 
I'm feeling really crampy right now 
A little tired , have to go to the bank to deposit money later , going to get ready to go 
I plan on going bra and panty shopping soon as pop-pop gets here lol 
wow spent over $50 on bras and panties at walmart . but at least i have cute under garments to wear and take pics in ... jk 
Possibly going to take pics today , idk yet 
Now doing my hair and makeup , going to take pics as if I'm doing lingerer Ad's lol , not facebook approved I'm sure , but just thought ppl would like to know lol . 
Cant sleep , playing with my ipod and writing some new poems . Didnt talk much with anyone 2day , not feeling to good but 2moro or the real 2day is new so idk what will happen 
Im actually looking forward to waking up 2moro , have pics to edit and poems to write as well as journal entries , gives me something good to think about 
I'm going to hate today just as I did yesterday because things are so different now . Have a lot of stuff to think about , decisions and changes to make which can be good or bad depending on how you look at it 
Going to write some poems , have a lot to write 
Going to get ready for work , the head boss is coming in so I HAVE to impress the shit out of her or I'm done , but I'm sure she'll like me , my boos thinks she'll like me and my boss always tells me she wants me to meet her , so that should stand for something ??? Idk , need to pop some pillage ... nr 
I hate when I feel so bad because of something and being put into a position leaning on one side and then the other , freaking sucks , I just feel really bad for both parts that are in it . It's going to be on my mind for quite a while , sorrow is what I feel , easier to say it this way rather than another . 
Still feeling crappy , not as depressed though after working things out with the ppl in both parts so I hope everything is all gd cause I want everything to work out as it should 
Idk why , but I find myself eating so freaking much , feel like a pig , oh well , gives me a reason to work out . 
On my way to wildwood now for the Easter egg hunt , looking forward to it , I know ev is going to have a gd time , then after that going to Vineland 
change of plans , just going to vineland to my grandmom's house , leaving wildwood now 
I want to go swimming very badly 
my mommy is going to sell her car , and give me the money she gets off of it so that i can buy a car once i learn to drive 1 , so im very happy about that and i cant wait :) 
Taking pics today , and my panty set collection which consists of 7 sets is completed , just need to edit them . 
So I'm just going to put this out there , I need someone who is good at Photo Shop and graphics and what not for a few of my pics , nothing big , just some little minor edits done . 
I'm editing all the pics I took , the 7 sets of panties , and my new ones that were shot at the bay this evening I'm sure some ppl will be pleased ^_^ and my belly doesn't hurt anymore so when I'm done , I'm going to iron my hair out and give it a good trim . 
Wish the A/C was in here , so freaking hot , but it gd for taking pics today 
Going to take pics today , think I'm doing 2 sets . I have to think about a location for 1 of the sets . The theme is supposed to be a Sweet 16 thing where I have a new car , so idk where to have the pics shot at , but I'm supposed to appear to be very spoiled and bratty so once I get the place to shoot at , it should be really fun . 
So I changed my mind about doing pics today , I really need to go prop shopping for my themes and scope out locations for a cpl themes I need to do , maybe Saturday or Sunday I'll do pics or Monday . 
Going to smoke out of my hookah soon , I love that thing , it burns the tobacco really gd and it's so smooth when you inhale , I love it . 
So after a lovely conversation yesterday , I decided that not only am I going to submit my erotic poems to Playboy and other places , but I'm going to also attempt to be a Playmate , that would be so fun and my mom would be so proud ( not ) lol , but I want to model . Although I prefer Suicide Girls , idc who I model for , just want to be a model :) 
sitting outside waiting to catch the bus so i can go to work , hopefully i get paid this week , had $208 now only less then $33 out of it is left and i want another job so i can make and save more money 
Finishing up on editing my panty sets , idk how many I'll upload , but there might be a cpl up tonight that aren't risqué at all , very classy or \cute\ " looking . " 
I know Ev loves me so much , she makes nice little messes for me like playing with paint and putting it on her carpet for me to clean while she told me she was going in her room to watch a movie , yeah not going to fall for that again . Anyway today is a bad day anyway , so much on my mind , and I have to get ready for work . 
Got out of work early , got < PROPMALE > cramps and on my way home 
Feels gd to lay down 
Playing the sims finally , and i dont hurt so bad right now so thats gd . 
Looking at some modeling sites to join , again , so badly I want to be established both in writing and modeling . Anyway , my day sucked , nothing new about that . I would like someone to talk to , preferably ppl from school , that are girls 
So I found a cpl modeling sites , not too many , and I'm going to re-join two I used to be on , but not modelmayhem . Not a fan of that site anymore , too many creepers . 
lol my hand hurts I have to stop whacking off 
Think I'm going to have some gd chicken with mac/cheese ( the mac/cheese is something that I'm going to eat , gd chicken is just code for having a gd time lol . 
Getting ready for work , getting ready a little too late . 
just got off of work , now just waiting on a ride 
It's nice to come home to see a drunk passed out on the bed , least I know why he didn't get me from work , so nice of him to text me letting me know he's going to drink and won't be able to get me so I can wait outside wondering what happened . Very nice , well I got gd chicken so it doesn't matter 
lol I just read the most funniest thing EVER in my life , and no one will know what that is lol , but I just want to say that I'm in a pretty asshole mood right now . But it's only because I left my binder of poems at my job , I'm so happy I took out my personal ones . Don't think I want my boss to know every mental thing about me . But anyway I've learned a lot . 
sitting outside at a party , feels really gd out . need to find some more party stores though for a photo set im doing . the theme is sweet 16 and the only thing i found was a sash , but i need more 
feeling pretty chill rite now , talking about some shit and what not , idk how things are now but it's defently weird right now , idk what to even say 
Going to the big park in Wildwood 2moro , can't wait , Ev is going to have a lot of fun lol . 
Going out to Wildwood today , to the big park , most likely around 1 
Going out to Wildwood now ^_^ 
just got into wildwood now 
Walked on the boardwalk and I got an amazing deal for this dress I wanted . Thankfully < PROPFEMALE > works there so she got me an excellent bargain . The dress I wanted was priced at $65 , and < PROPFEMALE > was able to get it for me at $15 . THANK YOU < PROPFEMALE > ^_^ 
Going to take pics today . I'm doing 2 sets , but might do the yoga themed set as well . 
Editing my new pics now , I did 2 sets , but they really aren't done . I have to go back to Cook's Beach when it's warmer out . But I'm hoping that I can finish all of them so I can upload them to my < PROPFEMALE > . I'm not uploading all of them cause there's a handful that are private since it was a secluded beach . Anyway , always happy to produce new stuff 
Mmmm ... mochaccino and Baileys sounds gd right now , with some added coffee ice cream in it . Or just use coffee ice cream and put Baileys into it like last night , make a coffee ice cream shake . 
Might be going up to < PROPFEMALE > this weekend for my very 1st photo shoot EVER . I'm excited and I can't wait . Hopefully everything works out well , and I'll have a lot of great shots for my port , and of course I'm going to upload the pics on here . I have another photo shoot with the same person , but I want to see how this one goes if it happens before I get too excited for it . 
made an ice cream coffe shake with sum Baileys and that shit was gd as hell . cant wait to go home and have sum more lol 
So I got my luggage bag , and a new bikini that's pink . I can't wait for Saturday to come , I'm really excited , but I'm trying not to get my hopes up too high . We already have a room booked , after the shoot we have the rest of the day planned out , as well as Sunday , can't wait ^_^ 
