First day on the big job .. I'm a little nervous because of the scope of this whole thing but ya know what they say , Shoot for the < PROPFEMALE > , even if you miss you'll land amongst the stars .. Wish me luck 

Lunch time ! 
Back in the office .. could be a late one 
Out for the day , one love 
Rain rain go away .. 
the future is lookin nice 
back to a little light reading from United States Department of Agriculture < PROPMALE > Service Northern Research Station just gotta keep tellin myself \I love this \"" 
Softball workup/pickup Game Sunday at 2 pm Locals VS SAGA or who ever shows up . Contact me if interested 
over and out 
Another day , another dollar 
RIP < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > the man , the myth , the legend !! Rock on dude 
Lunch was bomb , chips and a croissant sandwich . Anyone else love sandwich and chip combo bites ? Delicious . 
Over and out 
is HUNGARY a for emphasis 
Your and You're .. learn it , live it , love it . You know who you are . 
Thanks for joining my group =) 
No sugars or fried foods for 4 months . Who's with me ! 
Day two , not so bad 
at least it isn't raining 
Day 3 , over and out 
Settings-language-English(Pirate)-Good Times yar !! 
Frisky Friday 
Are bad moods ( not mine ) contagious ? We shall see .. 
NFL Yakutat Fantasy Football League ! Let me know if you want in and I'll send you the info . 
now has wings !! 
Over and Out ... over 
' s favorite color is electric blue 
yesterday was a tease .. 
has anyone read the comments on the palin Poll ? These people are sick ! 
Judge me 
Yakutat and Friends Fantasy football league goin on . Hit me up if you want in . Good times with good people ! 
my feet kinda smell like raisins today .. strange 
Yakutat Healthy Community Coalition meeting at 1 pm today 
When it rains I get wet ~ Yakutat Alaska 
people will read again ! 
a break in the clouds 
thinks facebook is lookin \deep\ " today .. Must be a Monday . " 
Seven more days till the Yakutat Local Fantasy Football League draft day ! Sign up and tell your friends ( if you're from Yakutat) !! 
silence is < PROPFEMALE > 
small towns are amazing 
Softball Success ! I would like to thank everyone for coming to the Labor Day Softball Game . We had a nice turn out of about 30 people looking to play or score one of the free hotdogs =) 
is on a mission ! 
rain on my parade 
is addicted to infomania on Current TV and < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > still up . Anyone else watch Current ? 
to all my fellow intellectuals and thinkers out there : edge.org You can thank me later 
is looking for excuses to be outside 
is gonna go take some pictures 
Big day . No pressure . 
is in Fairbanks 
is wine buzzin hard 
Gonna go out on a limb here .. forget Booneau and Anchortown . Fairbanks is where it's at . 
So is the swine flue in Yakutat fact or fiction ? 
is thinkin about a book club for Yakutat . I know they used to have one but I'm not sure who was hosting . Maybe a Parks and Rec thing ? Maybe even a digital response forum for our locals on the road ? Any interest ? 
has rediscovered a old favorite today .. 
is also really pumped up on his brand new < PROPFIRST > White Converse All Stars !! 
is sooooo stoked for the future of Yakutat and the State of Alaska . No joke . This is not a drill . 
is lookin forward to tomorrow . Have a nice night everyone ! 
is diggin the no rain situation up here in the Yak . I thought it was supposed to storm like a mofo today ? 
Here comes the rain .. I blame myself lol 
Sooo Yakutat , currently waiting for the rain to settle so I can embark on the first leg of my foot powered journey home . Weather permitting , I can make it in 3 stops . Depending on the rain , it could take hours . Wish me luck . 
is a substitute teacher today ... To all of my teachers in the past .. I am < PROPFEMALE > sorry lol 
has newfound appreciation for the academic community . 
late nights , good times =) 
12 days and counting 
back to that good old Yakutat sunshine .. 
sun tease .. again !! 
is sooo bummed that they are making a Where the Wild Things Are movie . 
vauge statement piece 
a vote for me is a vote for you ! 
substitute teacher again today .. at least I don't have a Health and Wellness class =) 
blue sky ! 
wonders when highschoolers figure out that being cool is not telling people how cool you are , but being who you are . 
wooohooo the school day is done !! 
is hurting in body and mind .. Oh , Alaska White , why do you taste so good ?! 
day 3 
is watching a group of middle schoolers struggle with colored pencils .. tis a sad day 
US education : killing creativity 
is looking forward to the PFD weekend 
madagascar is actually a pretty depressing place , Thanks Nat ' Geo !! 
it's not all bad . Sure , the middleschoolers can get rather annoying but this whole substitute teaching thing has given me insight to the pyschology of children and really opened up some channels of thought . Maybe I'll write something about it later . I've decided that the blog is coming back , in my notes tab . 
is ready to call it a day . 
another day of glorified babysitting ! 
Is pumped for tonight at about 12:01 AM !! 
Thanks for all of the Birthday wishes !! I had a blast but now I'm back on the grind . I'm doing this for you Yakutat , I'm doing this for you =) 
Thanks for the support . No joke . I had no idea how many people would have my back going into this whole Borough Assembly thing but the < PROPFIRST > so far are staggering . Thanks again I really appreciate it . 
One week 
is looking at a very busy winter .. Should make Spring/Summer that much better 
is very happy and hopeful this morning 
Good friday ! 
just got done with his first City and Borough Assembly \Meet the Candidates\ " forum . I like to think I both impressed and inspired . Vote on the 20th !! or Absentee Vote Today !! " 
Is stoked on subtitute teaching for < PROPMALE > Class next week ! 
is a survivor 
is pumped for AFN 
Skype rocks !! 
Another Hat on the Head !! 
Rough Sunday !! My teams lost and my fantasy team is struggling to put up points .. 
Leavin on a jet plane .. AFN was pretty sweet ! Excited to get back to Yakutat though , I miss my dog 
White caps in the bay .. a storm is brewin 
Day one of trying to kick a insane caffine/redbull addiction 
Is digging the new iPod Nano video I picked up last week 
Obvious and easy Halloween costume hint : Yar !! 
Has a scratched eyeball .. Damn these contacts !! 
New favorite song for the moment : < PROPMALE > Harper - I'll rise 
Wooohooo my eyeball feels better !! 
Is 10/10 on the happy scale today 
Hopes that the costume makes it in today !! 
is stoked on his new office set up !! 
On my way back to the Yak . Still snow on the ground ? 
Just reconnected with Tool , looking forward to appreciating 10,000 days , Aenima and Lateralus fully ! Start to finish no skipping . An acoustic mind job !! Excited ! 
is going to have one busy weekend 
Caught cold 
Just held a rather productive alternative energy meeting =) 
just had his first legal infraction in almost 10 years : Minor Offense YMC 12.04.040 (a ) Control of Dog . $50 fine 
What's the happs tonight ? 
Gonna be heading to Juneau on Thursday , see ya there ! 
Saints have a < PROPMALE > ? 
Back in the Yak , had fun in Juneau . Sorry to the Oregonians I may or maynot have offended at Friday Night Fights =) 
Shock me , rock me , somebody stop me from living out another day of the same 
Spring Snow Storm 
I did good 
and the plot thickens .. 
Saints 
needs some some motivation 
just took a < PROPMALE > 
Watched Avatar last night , a true Epic 
Woohoo , sun is shining ! Lunch break walk here I come 
another rainy day 
feelin strange 
Email evolution , should be interesting . The Social Network fad mighta been a flop . Anyone remember giga-pets ? 
tool and typing . Good times . 
What the Dog Saw : And Other Adventures 
Looking for a good song with some piano in it . Subject doesn't really matter . Just lookin to jam to some keys . Any suggestions ? 
running meetings : glorified day care 
Beautiful day in the Yak ! Even the birds are stoked . 
Snow Blow 
Holy Moly ! 
Woke up late enjoying some chai tea from scratch with a special someone . Life is good . 
not pointing any fingers here but , how hard is it to actually use correct spelling and the occasional , occasional ! bit of correct grammar ? You are constantly bombarded by more words/language every day than at any other point in the history of man . There is no excuse you apes ! Emphasis on occasional , you chronic english butchers know who you are . 
a lot of people really took the spelling post to heart lol . For clarification , it was a subtle response to a college friend of mine that types in that fashion purely to spite me . Nothing more , nothing less . I don't hate you for hating yourself . 
gave away a powerful name last night 
The Sun is a tease ! 
is moving to Delaware ! 
is not moving to Delaware 
week of the meeting 
“Quotation is a serviceable substitute for wit . ” - < PROPFIRST > Wilde ~ Via < PROPFEMALE > 
People need to understand that children with special needs don't have an illness , so there is no cure & it's not contagious . They only want what we all want , to be accepted . It's Special Education week , and this is in honor of all the kids who need a little extra help & understanding . 
It's gonna be nice today ! 
\Every asshole who ever chanted ' Drill baby drill ' should have to report to the Gulf coast today for cleanup duty\ " ~ Bill Maher " 
I think we're just starting to see the long term effects of democracy and capitalism . But in all fairness , who else has it worked for in the long run ? 
the day of paperwork 
is getting Oyster Fever 
Celebrate bitches 
my legs ! 
reconsidering perspectives today 
How's the weather in the Yak ? 
I'm back , see ya soon . 
embracing the 24 hour work day 
Good Luck Bay Oyster Co . \ 
\ 
Yakutat , Alaska 
needs some adventure 
Fuck this fishbowl 
Any fireworks for sale ? 
Green Zone was worth it . Probably one of the more real dipictions of how things actually happen in modern government . The < PROPFEMALE > and Cardinal rules remain the same : He who has the gold makes the rule . It's not what you know , it's who you know . 
Just received my National Geographic mtDNA Genographic\ 
Project results . Fascinating !! Like many , my maternal DNA originates in East\ 
Africa and spreads north through the modern Middle East , western Russia and\ 
spreads to Italy , Spain and England . Long story short , I'm a genetic hybrid mut\ 
that can be traced back to all corners of the Earth . 
Blame me 
Here comes the sun 
I'm pretty sure my life just changed for the better 
it took me this long to figure out I was in the wrong ? 
Anyone wanna come sort oysters ? It's fun ! Millions of no-seeums variable rain and no end in sight ! Only 14 hour shifts !! Sign up now !! 
So , is it Most Recent ? Or Top News ? 
Saturday approaches 
Fairweather Day : Evalutating the night before based on the looks you get from people the next day . 
Just enjoyed a amazing piece of white chocolate salmon < PROPFIRST > cheesecake 
Good luck < PROPFIRST > 
is this a fluke ? 
Oyster tough 
This just in : New research suggests that people who spend a significant amount of time on facebook tend to be more insecure and narcissistic than their peers . 
there seems to be nothing more peaceful than burning food . 
subtle disrespect is always the best ! 
Go Jets ! 
Guilty Sunday Pleasure : following the fan commentary on NFL.com 
< PROPFIRST > Mayer is the sickness 
Pretty Good Game Day 
Anyone happen to know anyone in marketing/advertising with some general knowledge of Asian Trends ? Msg me pls 
26 
What does wind do ? 
Thanks for the birthday wishes ! 
Sorry for the spam , but this shit is real and if you don't care , move aside because you don't matter . 
Came across some interesting knowledge today that has helped reinforce my belief in pagan necessity . 
Animal Farm 
Is there gonna be any UFC at the door tonight ? 
Manufacturing Consent 
They have made the people thereby so curious and so arrogant that they will never find humility enough to submit to a civil rule . - an early thought on the path to modern democracy . 
I really wish I didn't waste my life 
See ya next month Facebookers !! \ 
< PROPFIRST > Valle - Out 
Any fun this weekend ? 
The sweet silence of Steeler nation 
Hawks , then the Jets , gonna roll with this high 
Dear Facebookers , in a effort to save my sense of self and sanity I will be deleting most of you from my friend list unless you meet one ore more of the following criteria : You have activated one of my five basic senses , you know who I really am , or , I happen to harbor a secret lust of the most primal < PROPFEMALE > for you . Regardless , not all of you will make the cut , and I would like to thank you for your time . \ 
< PROPFIRST > 
Californication Season 1 gives me hope for 40 
One human will not survive , anything good in this world has come with help from another . 
Washington in March/April !! 
Anyone else feeling unusually creative since the new year ? It's starting to freak me out . 
Damn the gods of rent !! I could be going to Tool tomorrow .. 
Dropped 50 Oysters today , a night of hunger will ensue . 
What the fuck , I'm a Virgo now ? 
The Weekend ! time to forget the week ! 
Holy Jets ! 
I have a dream , and I call it Native American Day . 
Of all my rants , raves and socially induced regrets , none have ever produced the looks I get from conjuring up one piece of red cloth . 
Got the phone hooked up , 3855 
Underdog < PROPFEMALE > 
If you get the < PROPMALE > , check out The Pyramid Code on DOC 
Scoped out those actors at the school , aside from an abundance of amateur talent and immaturity , it could be a pretty good show . 
Was in a Dare meeting the other day and I could not help but think , this is what $500/second gets you ? The War on drugs is a counter-productive fucking scam . 
You can't play a good half against a great team . Good game Steelers . I will destroy you in Madden 11 : a game where fans go to be more . 
We really need to up the ratio around here . All dude parties seem to inevitably end in some insecure vie for physical prominence . It's too bad we aren't < PROPMALE > gatherers anymore , these acts might amount to something . Kinda makes me think of that South Park Episode with \the new girl \"." 
I think my sister just had her first kid !! 
Kinda stoked they decided to continue the Spartacus Series , not for the faint hearted . 
The people I work with are Awesome ! 
Is the Winter gettin to anyone else ? No joke , I feel crazy . Time for a change of pace or something . Anyone up for games this weekend ? 
Top news needs a voting system . 
ATTN Artsy People : Looking to get some pastels but I can't remember any of the better brands out there . If you happen to know of one that is prime for shading/blending let me know please . I would pay any price to see my beloved shade of blue return . 
I swear , if I could without consequence , choke the individual/individuals responsible for the fucking laughing stock that is Rural Alaskan Internet , I'd do it . 
Got to mess with a Fushigi , physics defying my ass , that thing takes practice ! 
Good luck to the East Coasters , it's gonna be one hell of a snow storm . 
Are you ready for 5$ gas ? 
Oooh harsh realization , only the most nerdy could be stoked for 7 hrs . of megalithic structure footage . And I'm stoked . Oh well , C'est la Vie . 
