can't believe he is gone ( < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ) ! The world has truly lost an amazing person and talent . He is and will always be the < PROPMALE > of Pop , Rock and Soul as < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > said so many years ago . He was a visionary , constantly striving to make this wor 

just got to sing a song onstage with the band Higher Ground . It was awesome , I loved it !!! Even if I was a little off key . Oh well first time singing with a live band , if i every get the < PROPMALE > to do it again ( really hope I do ) it will be much better . 
Got a new job . I am now a sign language interpreter for the < PROPFIRST > County Board of Education . I will be interpreting at Rivesville pre-K starting Monday . Yay !! : ) 
is goint to eat at the Texas Road House with my brother and dad , then to karaoke at Vice Versa . 
Here we go . Cross your fingers , heres to a fun night with no fights !!! 
It's official ... one yeah ago today I had my knee surgery . Yay !! 
Just booked my trip to California to go Swing Dancing !!! I leave in 39 days . Yay !!! 
33 Days till California !!! 
really hopes things workout this time around ! 
had a great afternoon and night . Feels as if things might just get back to normal after all . Thanks Goo !!! LOL 
attempted to fix my car ( will see if it holds up or not ) , snowball fight , and Licorice , put it all together and what do you get ? Another great day !!! 
Just fixed my car and got to hangout with my best friend in the world . What a great day !!! 
had a rather eventfull evening , but things turned out much better than expected !!! 
is so proud of Rascalhead ! : - P 
is hanging out with Rascalhead tonight , can't wait ! 
< PROPFEMALE>'s $13.74 ... T.V. ( Cable ) $40.00 ... Gas $ who really knows in that awesome ( but very bad on gas ) truck of his ... spending a great night with Rascalhead ... priceless !!! 
is so lucky ... I have the best friend in the world who would do anything for me . I am the luckiest person in the world . Thank you Rascalhead ! 
got to see Goo today , even though it was for a short period of time it made my day !!! Your awesome and I have no idea what I would do without you ! 
Looking at my flowers and thinking of you ... you truly are WONDERFUL !!! 
... how is it possible to miss someone who just left not fifteen minutes ago ? : ' ( 
is excited ... getting ready to fight ... she really shouldn't have mad me mad !!! 
So proud of my Stinkerhead , no one deserves this promotion more than him !!! 
had a GREAT night !!! 
just a word of advice ... if you want me to do you a favor ... don't start by telling me what to do ! 
So proud of my Pumpkin Love !!! You'll do great in whatever you decide to do !!! 
RIP Senator Byrd it was by far a pleasure to have met you all those times over the years . You were a great man but an even greater patriot ! You will be missed ! 
had an amazing time last night !!! : ) 
Two more days !!! I'm so excited !!! 
One more day !!! 
had a nearly perfect day !!! 
can't believe she is so lucky ! 
feels complete when he is around . Loved swimming and finding our private beach ! 
Before the cool done run out\ 
I'll be giving it my bestest \ 
And nothing's gonna to stop me but divine intervention\ 
I reckon it's again my turn to win some or learn some\ 
\ 
But I won't hesitate no more , no more\ 
It cannot wait , I'm yours 
already misses him like crazy ! I know you will do amazing and you make me so proud ! 
cannot remember the last time she went this long without talking to him ... and I just talked to him a little after 8am yesterday . This is going to be a ridiculously long 16 weeks . I am sure you are doing amazing and I can't wait till this weekend . I miss you my Rascalhead ! 
just spent about 2 hours talking about you ... I think that means I officially miss you more than ever ! I need my Pumpkin Love back !!! 
YAY ! It is finally Friday !!! My Stinkerhead is back till sometime Sunday !! I miss him so much ! Can't wait to see him ! You are amazing , wonderful , and the best friend anyone could ever have . I am truly lucky ! 
He loved it like I knew he would ! So very proud ! 
Missing you soooo much !!! I can't wait until Friday ! 
YAY !!! It's finally Thursday again ... one more day until my Pumpkin Love is back !!! 
Finally Friday !!! Less than 24 hours before my Rascalhead is back and I can finally see that smile again ! 
Loved talking to my Rascalhead ! I will never be used to not talking to him every night . 14 more weeks till things are back to normal . 
loves him < PROPFEMALE > much !! I hate seeing him leave every week ! : ( Only 14 more weeks to go . 
Really , really needs her Pumpkin Love right now !!! About 4 more days and really don't know if I can make it . I love him so much this is killing me . Way too much stress for me to handle without him ! 14 more weeks ! 
Less than 24 hours before my Pumpkin Love is back ! I really can't wait . This week has been sooo long without him ! I need my < PROPFIRST > hugs !!! 
absolutely loves getting surprise visits from my Pumpkin Love !!! One smile from him makes my day ... the hugs and whatnot are not bad either !!! ; - P 
13 more weeks till my Stinkerhead is back for good . I miss him more than anything ! 
misses him so much ... thank goodness it is finally Friday !!! My Pumpkin Love will be home in a matter of hours ! : ) 
misses my Pumpkin Love very , very much !! 12 more weeks ... hope I can make it ! 
is so very happy it is Friday !!! 
really wishes my Pumpkin Love was here !!! I miss him so very much !!! 
absolutely loved seeing my Pumpkin Love today !!! 
So very proud of my Rascalhead !!! I knew you could do it !!! 
\I'm looking at myself with a spoon ... and I look funny\ " < PROPFEMALE > Collins " 
< PROPFEMALE > just signed the word \more\ " !!! I love teaching young children sign language ! : ) " 
Attention all West Swing Dancers ... today is the last day to order your discounted tickets to Madjam . If you have not registered already do so today !!! 
At MadJam and loving it !!! It is only Friday and 6 Pittsburgh dancers have already made it into finals !!!! 
Danced newcomer at MadJam this weekend and came in fifth . Not too shabby for my first comp ever . 
