I love < PROPMALE > Limbaugh , Lerry Elder , < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > and many other talk radio shows that my father raised me on !!! 

It just hit me . Who really looks at the drink menu on the wall at starbucks ? 
I am learning that we create our own momentum . 
When my family and friends beleive in me , I have the opportunity to accomplish some amazing things . Thank you ... 
is learning that sometimes the most aggressive form of persistance ... is < PROPFEMALE > . Sometimes , we all just need a little space to grow into ourselves . 
To all my Christian friends , If you don't know what to put on your about me section , share your story of faith and conversion to < PROPMALE > . Just an idea to pray about . 
Life has tought me that every relatiohship whether it be church , business , friend , family , romance , marriage , etc has a beginning and end . Some relationships last two days , three months , five years or till death do you part . Just enjoying the moments from beginning to end makes every relationship worth it all , regardless of the time frame . 
When we know the deep desires of our Creator's heart , He allows us to speak into that very deep place . 
40 minutes to reserve two rooms for Coachella this weekend ... I wanted to pull my hair out but I think the woman helping me out worked in a prison ... so that makes it ok . 
Thank you for all the birthday wishes . It is awesome to hear from each and everyone of you . God Bless . 
OurDreams AndHopes are constantly under siege . Inner demons are persistently reminding us of broken hearts and emotional scar tissues that < PROPFIRST > our lives . In this battle , success depends on acknowledging the pain , hurt or anger that feed the inner demons . It requires us to not become emotional hermits but rather embrace friends that allow us personal transparency . Together , we will win many battles and create brighter days ! 
Over\ 
the years encouragement has taken on a new meaning for me . \ 
Encouragement can be allowing people the opportunities and space to\ 
discover their passion/master their < PROPMALE > . Encouragement is more than\ 
saying good job after the fact . It is saying \you have what it takes 
is hoping Bonno heals up soon ! He doesn't wont his U2 tickets to collect too much dust before they reschedule the show ! Yaya !!! Yaya !!! 
spent the morning boating up and down the < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > coast . Next time , it is going to have to be jetskying and brunch ! 
By grace through faith my \no goes\ " become \ " can does . \ " Not because of me but because of God's abundant grace ! " 
Positive perceptions create opportunities ! 
Issues of the\ 
heart aren't black and white , yet so many people approach them that\ 
way . Issues of the heart are filled with the beautiful colors of\ 
emotion and are best viewed through the lens of compassion and love . 
is in Turkey ! 
is in Olympus ... aka beach front tropical wonderland ! 
Live each moment with passion and purpose ! Tomorrow always comes with a price : less energy , one day older but never one day younger , and one less day to spend with those you love ! Today is the day that the Lord has made . I will rejoice and be glad in it ! 
Words can not describe the depth of my joy . Today was action packed and tomorrow is filled with new adventures ! 
Aribic is a lot tougher than mandrin in my humble opinion . 
i didn't even realize i was watching tonight's sunset until it was over ! 
Don't play leap frog with a unicorn . 
What is love ? To some it is an ideal which drives their very being . To others , it is a commodity which they barter for . You have what I want and I have what you want . Yet to others , it is a duty which must be worked towards . Then there are those that feel love is made up of moments . Today is and tomorrow may or may not be . Whatever your take ... ( see comment for ending ) 
If someone says your dumb as dirt , just tell them dirt has been around a long time :) 
Heavenly Father , when people look at my life ... let them see a person marked by your grace . Nothing more and nothing less . Amen . 
God's grace is like the sun and our mistakes are like a speck of dust . Never let our mistakes dictate our relationship with Him . But rather , focus on the fact that He loves us despite ourselves . And thus , we will always have access to His < PROPMALE > grace ! God loves you ! 
I believe the deepest love is marked by heart . Today , when I heard my cuz say “my boyfriend , whom I love , ” I didn’t really hear the words but rather the heart behind it . For some reason , when friends or family see our heart , they can’t help but talk about ! The deepest form of love has the same impact on each and every person that comes into contact with it ! 
It always amazes me how disarming and refreshing just a little genuineness can :) 
LSAT until December 12 , you are my sworn enemy ! I will show no mercy . I will ravage through your pages ! No question shall be able to avoid the mortal blow of my #2 PENCIL . Your four sirens will not detour me from one true answer . LSAT , bring your giants of reading comprehension and logic games . They too shall fail under the relentless methodical blows of my #2 PENCIL . You are a worthy foe but you will be defeated ! 
Well waiting in line at Starbucks , the cuttest little girl come over to where I had placed my Bible on a table and started thumbing through it . As soon as I noticed her from the line , I thought to myself ... \I wonder if her mom knows she is reading the Bible . \ " My guess is she was probably just looking for pictures :) I couldn't help but watch with a huge grin on my face . " 
Walking styles : There is frumpy shoulder syndrome . These are the people that let their arms and shoulders droop and dangle , bouncing along as they walk . Second is the gliding nymph . Like leaves carried on the wind , they turn their head and glide in that direction . Last but not least is the peacocking chest ! Marked by heads held high and erect posture , their chest leads the way . 
Where did all the leaders go ? Leaders create jobs . Leaders build solid homes and families . Leaders aren't marked by apathy but vision . They don't fear responsibility . Where did all the leaders go ? 
Back to the 90s with Weezer ! Pinkerton tickets locked and loaded ! 
Dating in LA is like a bartering system . You have what I want and I have what you want . If it works out great ! If not , no hard feelings . The tragic truth is that this form of dating leaves apathy in its wake . People become better at building card house relationships while losing their ability to be transparent and vulnerable . Everyone has a deep capacity for love . Find people that inspire you to love deeply ! 
The truth is a like any medication . Too much of it can kill you . It is so easy to speak the truth in hurt or hate . We say everything and anything that comes to our mind while stripping the poor recipient of their dignity . Speaking the truth in love is deferent . It gives just enough truth to help a person grow . It allows people to retain their dignity and opens the doors for more truth to be eventually shared . 
Love is an oxymoron . It is like a puzzle that takes two people to finish . Yet completing it isn’t always easy . To get a full picture , people must bring different pieces to the table . Vulnerability is the giving and receiving of these new pieces . Figuring out where each piece goes takes work . But when the pieces that appeared to have nothing in common come together , a full image is revealed . This is love’s paradox . 
Sometimes words can't express the depth of God's roots in our heart . We haven't heard an audible voice . Seen our Saviors pierced hands , feet and side . Yet God's roots of love can run so deep in our live that it constantly surprises me ! 
There is no room for doubt when we are looking forward to the end product of faith in our lives ! 
\Rejoice with them that rejoice and weep with them that weep . \ " RO1215\ 
\Thank you Lord for being faithful ! You hear our prayers and answer them in Your own special way ! \ " Amen " 
Seeking God's grace can be a very humbling experience ! 
Invested in my first stock today ! This could be addicting ! 
God has a way of leaving me speechless ! Learning to follow Him is very different for following directions on Google maps . Following him requires < PROPFEMALE > , trust and an ability to be present with Him in the now ! His vision is supreme . I often feel like the only way to appreciate his big picture is by looking back with 20/20 vision . God is good ! 
The capacity to forgive only comes from God ! When someone hurts us at our core because of pride , hate , hurt , immaturity , etc , what they have done for naught , God will use for good ! Looking forward to the goodness of God allows us the strength to forgive :) 
Just another day sharing the depths of Myers Briggs with random people at Starbucks ! 
relax , today is a new day . stop looking back . yesterday's problems have already started their journey down the river of time and will soon become a distant memory . start looking forward . look for unexpected surprises that can only brighten your day :) 
To God , our hearts are like gardens filled with the sweet aroma of His handy work . We can find flowers of joy continuously blooming ! Trees filled with fruit casting comforting shadows inviting us to feed on his provision and offering shelter from the day’s harmful rays . We can’t help but acknowledge that His mercies are renewed daily . 
God's word is like a orchestral score . It moves our hearts and touches our souls ! Great musicians don't just learn to effortlessly play the music but < PROPFEMALE > to understand the essence of the music itself . God is calling each and every one of use to be great spiritual musicians :) 
As a great artist pours their heart and soul into their masterpiece , God's heart and soul of love is poured into our lives without restraint . His strokes appear at times to have no rhyme or reason . To us , His ways seem like more paint on an already cluttered canvas . But His artist vision is unique . When it is all said and done , we discover a breathtaking masterpiece drenched in the < PROPMALE > colors of His abundant love ! 
There are days where God's blessings are so overwhelming that I can't help but fall to my knees with tears in my eyes and sobs of praise on my lips . Filling my heart with a < PROPFEMALE > to anoint my saviors feet with these tears of joy , worship and thanksgiving ! 
God's rewards are not measured by dollars and cents but rather renewed fellowship with Him . The type of fellowship that allows for mended hearts and tranquil souls . The type of fellowship that inspires a joyful < PROPFEMALE > and speechless praise . 
The blessings of God are like little seeds gliding on the wind . At first we don't even notice them , but they are there . A little extra strength to get us through the day or a moment of rest to prepare us for life's journey . But overtime these little blessings begin to < PROPFEMALE > and their < PROPMALE > aroma fill our hearts with renewed hope in Him . Embrace God's little blessings :) 
Life has taught me that every relationship whether it be church , business , friend , family , romance , marriage , etc has a beginning and end . Some relationships last two days , three months , five years or till death do you part . Just enjoying the moments from beginning to end makes every relationship worth it all , regardless of the time frame . ( MW 4/1/10 ) 
If something in your life is stealing your joy , it isn't worth it . No matter how much you may want something , it isn't worth your God given joy ! 
God has blessed me with awesome friends ! Thank you for the birthday wishes ! Tonight , each and every one of you were mentioned by name and specifically lifted up in my prayers :) 
In honor of Mother's Day I'm trying to see how many of you are willing to change your profile picture to a picture of your mother & keep it there til May 9 . If you will like this idea , please repost this as your status so everyone gets the word and see how many beautiful mothers we can get on FB ! Thanks for the idea , < PROPMALE > Hippensteel 
< PROPFIRST > brother's hid their deceitful ways behind his coat of many colors ! Potiphar's wife hide her adulterous desires behind < PROPFIRST > ’s servants coat ! But when our Savior was crucified , the soldiers pulled his outer coat into pieces and cast dice for his inner coat . This leaves us with no coats to hide behind . This leaves us with no excuses before Him ! 
To truly hear what others are saying , we can't just listen with our ears and eyes but rather with our heads and hearts . 
So I am sitting in my car resting before church . Suddenly these little kids come running over to my car telling me \church is about to start ! \ " What can I say ... time for church :) " 
Broken hearts scotch taped together by the sincerity of another broken heart . Never really healing but always hurting . Trading one pain for another . Continual promises of ease reinforcing the hopeless cycle of inner numbness leaving ones heart still scotch taped together . 
Sentinels of hope stand tall . Herald your majestic truths to those who are broken hearted . Love , so pure , transforming broken hurting hearts into new radiant masterpieces . Joy , so deep , emanating from places within ourselves that we never new existed . Peace , so refreshing , that the minds many unanswered questions fade away without a second thought . 
Competitive prayer warriors understand that when it comes to prayer , insider trading isn’t illegal ! 
Fishing with her eyes , I couldn’t help but turn around and walk back towards her . Where are you from ? < PROPFEMALE > . Are you here for school ? No , just on vacation . My name is < PROPFIRST > . What’s yours ? Nanon . After a few seconds of warm silence , I wished her well and went on my way . \ 
Well walking , it hit me ! I had found a little Grace , Nanon , for my day . \ 
The Lord can use the smallest < PROPMALE > encounters to brighten our days ! 
Father , be with us like you were with < PROPFIRST > when he was sent to prison . In every situation be with us and show us mercy ! Give us favor with those we work for . As they give us more responsibility allow them peace because of the fact that you are with us and in all that we do Lord , please make it to prosper . As you didn't forget < PROPFIRST > , please don't forget us now . Amen ( Gen 39:21 -23 ) 
Our God is faithful . When trials and tribulations come , we shouldn’t just pray for God’s help . We should pray for humbled hearts of praise . Looking forward to the moment , when the storms have past and all we can say is “Thank you Lord ! You did it again ! ” 
Tried sneaking into a free concert ! 
Finally after a year long wait , U2 LIVE !!! 
\Charm is more valuable than beauty . You can resist beauty but you can't resist charm\ " Priceless " 
How can you accept others feelings for you , if you can't accept your own feelings for them ? 
When God blesses us , it is for his honor and < PROPFEMALE > . At the end of the day the blessings belong to Him . He can take them away just as quickly as He gave them ! Thus , whether God has given us a lot or little , we must seek His provision daily . 
Today was a day that was marked by God's peace and joy for me and a lot of the people that I care about . On days like these I wonder if God is having an extra good day ! Ex : People being saved , hearts willing to worship , people taking a stand for Him , Saints meekly enduring sorrow , etc ... I may just have to wait for heaven to find out ! Happy 4th ! 
Me : You have a very peaceful spirit . Cashier : Thank you . ( with warm smile ) Me : What is your secret ? Cashier : Jesus ( with huge smile ) . Me : Amen ! 
God's blessings aren't measured by material gain or increased social standing . But rather by an increase in opportunities to serve Him . The type of opportunities that he could have just as easily given to someone other than you or me . These are our blessings . 
We forget that we pray to a God that lives outside of time . Just like prayers in our past can impact the future . Prayers in our future can impact the past ! Thus , do not underestimate the power of prayer ! Today's sincere prayer is answered first outside of time and then made into realty by the Creator of time though the past present and future ! 
The Lord hears our prayers and provides for them . What we view as a sincere need at a tough moment in time , He has already invested His foresight time and energy into answering . Thus , we may have an urgent prayer tomorrow but He is already working on a solution today . How good is the God we adore !?! 
Do we know what burdens bowed our Savior's head ? Or what deep sorrows filled His heart ? Lord let us know you . Let your burdens be our burdens and your sorrows our sorrows . May we pray just as fervently for the things that move your heart as we do for the things that move ours . 
Our divine vocation is empowered by His grace ! Despite seasons in our lives , His favor will always allow our gifts and calling to be evident ! The skills and talents that allow people to trust us in the good times are the same that allow them to trust us in the bad times . Why ? Because our gifts and calling are sustained by our Saviors favor and grace ! Eph 4:7 
What God may take away today , pales in comparison to what He has for us tomorrow . 
God rewards those that diligently seek Him . But what about those moments were we are seeking Him but not so diligently ? Well luckily for us , we don't have to diligently seek to find Him . All we have to do is seek and we will find ! He will do the rest ! 
Every day feels like a sprint when you are building a business . 
When I became a Christian , God gave me light . My eyes , which once glared through the darkness with ease , can now only see what is illuminated right around me . He tells me to move forward through the darkness . But future bends and turns along life’s road , I don’t always see . Yet His light is good enough for me . The trials that await are no match for the abundance of His grace and the light we embrace . 
Fighting for the high ground ... takes courage ! Being the bigger person ... takes courage ! Believing in ourselves ... takes courage ! Pursuing our dreams ... takes courage ! Depending on someone else to give us the high ground , be the bigger person , believe in us , empower us to pursue our dreams ... takes no courage at all ! 
The inner struggle between a person’s capacity to love and the there lack of ability to commit can be crippling . The amount of courage and Emotional IQ required to walk this personal tight rope is immense ! Many have attempted and failed . Finding the richest connections of their lives , leaving an indelible < PROPFIRST > on their hearts , yet never lasting a lifetime . To those who have stood at this < PROPMALE > , do not give up on love but rather be confident that today's loss is the reason for tomorrow’s success ! 
