Had a blast New Years . So far I like 2010 . 

i want to call a friend but they all wake up to late and im in 14 hr different time zone 
i am so bored ... I want to go hike but dont even know if its going to happen today 
I am anxiously awaiting tomorrow . ( yay big words ) Just sitting around bored out of mind tired of playing Modern Warfare 2 . 
New Years < PROPFEMALE > didn't goes as planned actually turned out better than I expected minus one lil thing . 
Just hanging around thinking about stuff 
naptime 
I'm up now trying to find something to do 
I think watching Tash getting stitches bothered me more then all the times i got them 
Tired had an ok time tonight , but there is always Sunday 
I don't want to go to work tomorrow I didn't even want to go home yet ... :( 
I'm so not looking foward to today . I hope I'm not berming it again . 
Trying to ignore opinions that don't matter , from people that are ignorant of what I do . 
Calmed down a little bit , now just thinkings too too much and gave myself a headache 
Got off early today YAY 
Hating how much it sucks to leave at the end of the night 
I don't know if Tash would have , but I wouldn't have mined if Tash forgot her ID 
Just got done talking to < PROPFIRST > , feeling a little better 
Only one thing I don't like about you , everytime I go visit its another time I have to let you go 
Random people like calling me idk why , and I'm waiting for a phone call so I'm like extra jumpy and everytime its someone random and not the number I'm looking for . 
Just chilling right now , thinking about what I'm going to do next weekend ... :/ 
Still thinking about next weekend ... got an idea , but still thinking about exactly how to end it . The ending can make or break it , gotta be careful there . 
Ever wish you could just call someone to talk to them 
Turbo/Tseng on forklift = disaster . 
Woke up to early , and couldn't get back to sleep this sucks . Stupid dream made me wake up . 
Dreading duty tomorrow ... don't know whats going on Sunday haven't heard anything about it . I'm just lost right now 
Ready to leave my house just got off duty and I feel I've got to make up for a lost Saturday ... 
I swear 15 mins or less everytime 
\Someone's ear is in danger of having their hair brushed over it . \"..." 
Go scared someone was leaving earlier than I thought today . Still the same time as before . that good 
I wish there an easy setting on life , Or that I didn't always settle for as close to perfect as possible . 
Grrr hate feeling helpless 
Just ran 5k finished 16th 22.09 then got fat at < PROPFIRST>'s 
ewww somethings just gross me out and give chills the sametime 
Wondering whats up with my friends ? Wish I could call em right now , bout to call one of them . 
Ok neighbors are supposed to ask for like a cup of sugar or milk right ?... Well mine just asked about a plunger ? 
atleast it was fun ... 
Same crap different place and different day too 
I happen to be lost at the moment wandering around aimlessly , trying to figure out where I should be headed to next and wonder what to hold on to as I move foward . 
I got called a horrible person ... to the core ... its not horrible I just happen to be honest 
Haha < PROPFIRST > you made me laugh tonight ... even though it was my fault or something idk . 
Just hanging out around my house , don't have much to do right now . 
Paintball was awesome . I am in a little pain , but I rubbed some dirt on it and I should be good . Also there was this really hot chick that showed up out of the grass and we made out ... :) 
HAHA finally fixed my stupid comp , I had to completely wipe it clean to do so and start from scratch , but hey it works now :D 
I'm about to head off to work , fun stuff should go by pretty quick though if it moves like it did yeterday . 
HAHA turns out I like getting picked on , its nice for a change . :) 
Woke up in a good mood today , feel great plus it's payday . 
haha got setup in a bad way and completely changed the direction , I happen to be on top now even though I started off get thrown down to the bottom . :D 
I want to leave the ship duty sucks , someone talk to me 
Off duty doing all kinds of everything for everyone . 
I got to learn to control my storm ... 
Rough day at work even better weekend coming up . It won't be to bad though no worse than what I had planned to begin with . 
Just sitting around my house fixing everything up . 
OK here goes EMI , Room inspect , back to work , make qual binder , go to sleep , and then I got the Duty ... I think I got this 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Ok I guess I don't need a day to relax I'm just going to have to take leave . I'm not dealing with trying to just get things done and be given sometime to chill after I work my ass off . It don't work like that I guess ... bye bye Sunday 
Got done at the ship after 2200 thats kool right they called taps while i was working . then finally got the papers off to someone at mindnight so thats good to 
Got the duty , feel much better now that I'm done with all the work I had waiting for me . now i get to chill on duty and watch movies , wish I could go out or go swimming . 
Sitting around on duty in the hot ass 48 shop . I got so many better ways I could waste my time . Like the beach ... can't wait to get in the water , I'm like having with draws . The ocean is my drug and good things always seems to happen there . 
Went to the beach , and now i'm running around my house half naked cleaning up :D fun fun 
Not sure how to treat the situation at hand . I got a little bit , but don't want to take it to far . 
Ok some guy keeps calling my phone looking for < PROPFEMALE > and leaving voicemails . My voicemail says I'm < PROPFIRST > ... I don't get it 
sooo bored ... cough ... cough ... I think it is killing me . 
Saw kick ass , it was suprisingly good . About to crash for the night . 
Oh ok I get it now , got to read somethings twice to get it I guess . 
I was called wise today . This means a lot to me because I seek wisdom before knowledge . 
Where is that damn easy button ... I still need one 
So after you get a extremely heavy work load , anything less seems like a cake walk . 
Counting the days and as it gets closer it only gets harder . When it finally comes it is going to hit hard . 
I can not focus for anything right now . I can only work for about 5mins at a time before thinking about this morning . 
Damn people are freaking creepy . You can be nice to creepy people so when they decide to kill everyone they spare you , but hanging out with them to is a little to much for me . 
Bored right now and I have no idea what I'm going to do this weekend . 
535am and I am about to go for a run :) 
Man I went for a run and can't cool off , so until I do I'm going to sit around my house in my towel . Then maybe get dressed .. just maybe 
Sky Diving , Scuba Diving , Salsa Dancing , Waterfalls , and Boonie Stomp . Some of my accomplishments on Guam . 
Went out running at 550 got back about 15 mins ago . Descent run got to hit some birds in the process . They left me alone once they got hit . :D 
I'm in a outstanding mood right now . Got my day off and got to call my favortie people this morning . 
Eventful morning , ran a 5k at 6 , in water diving by 9 , just got back getting ready to eat go watch a movie then a second 5k at 1800 more than likely . 
Waiting for people to realize the phone works both ways ... and so does facebook . 
I feel pretty awesome ... kind of like a Raccoon . 
Out for the night later everyone and enjoy you uninterupted sleep . 
Man I hate the duty , I wish I could have switched . 
So not a piece of meat and not ice cream , I like it way more than both of those . 
What's on my mind ? bored , swimming , and decisions . thats it , not really in that order . 
Buridan's Ass 
15k wish me luck 
bored and agravated 
Okay I got my drunk +1 spare drunk home safely good luck to the rest of the DD's 
Disappointed in myself and being sick .. among other things . 
haha earthquake ... that was awesome , much better than the last one i felt . 
I need some SIQ ... atleast tommorow is a easy day ... hopefully 
I freaking <3 noodles . actual noodles not the person . 
I hate how there is only like 7 people out of everyone I know back at home that actually make an effort to keep in touch . The oddest thing about it is that they are not who you would think would . Thanks to those that do , even just saying hey makes things easier sometimes . 
Blood , sweat and , tears this morning for PT . Not kidding either I was bleeding from the rocks and crying from the pain . 
I am in the best mood for some reason and I have duty . I mean duty today means I no longer have duty Sat . I shouldn't be this happy though , but I am even though I'm hungry . 
I don't think I have ever missed a devil horn so much . Actually ever , but yeah I miss him ... poor little < PROPFIRST > :( 
Pretty sure I'm going to have a big cheesing grin on for the rest of the day ... or weekend maybe . :D :D :D :D :D 
Is there a way to make a kissy face on facebook ? 
So the big cheesing grin continues on to today ... even though I'm stuck in my house for a few hours ... stupid bomb . oh and kissy face = : * 
So I get a day off and what do I do . I watch one of my best friends leave island , spend 800$ , and get a speeding ticket . I am good :D 
Fixing to go make sweet sleepy love to my pillow . :D 
I want to show all my haters love , this songs for you . If you acted like me and I was in your shoes , I'd probably hate on me too . 
Waiting 15 more mins to give up the watch , then I'm crashing . Sadly I have no pillow . Good news is I go to sleep with someone good on my mind . 
Snapple Fact # 701 = disappointing ... :( 
Other than staying at work until after six today wasn't to bad . I did get mail . The good kind not the bills kind . So I'll be smiling for the rest of the day thanks for the card . Love you 
OC spray tickles your eye so much . I almost couldn't hold back the laughter . 
< PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > is such a pimp , all he did was smile and wink and could have got laid . 
Nothing like Holiday duty to start off the week . Oh well tomorrow should be an easy day . 
This sucks ... I go to fix a delicious bowl of Capt Crunch and fill my bowl with cereal and then grab the thing of milkbut my roommate had drink it all . 
There is blood in my kitchen and feathers everywhere ... I think my roommate ate a bird or something ... creepy 
Just realized that there is no one that can facebook like < PROPFEMALE>'s family my News feed is made up of 50% of there post . 
Weny out with Rabbit . It was alright got me some interesting dirt haha 
irritated doesn't begin to explain it 
People plan so things work out good and in a logical sequence . So what happens when nothing ever goes as planned ? Then what is the purpose of planning ? I guess its good I'm adaptable then . 
You broke me woman 
Just gave my last try ... and even if it does work I'm not trying for to much I just want the friend I had back . 
In a much better mood now , going to eat with Mom . 
I do believe my little sister and her friends are about retarded 
crashing out for the night , getting up early for a run . 
Kind of bored at the moment , waiting for my sis to get up then we gotta figure out something to do 
\Sometimes it hard to be this awesome . \ " \ 
I've have figured out the ultimate superpower and if I could have one it would be , the power to apply cartoons to real life . 
I fell down into a cave today it was awesome . 
THE TASK AHEAD OF YOU WILL ? NEVER BE STRONGER THAN THE POWER BEHIND YOU . 
I've decide to become a vampire because no matter what happens I never seem to see the light of day 
Thanks for the b-day wishes everyone , I want one thing from you all give me a call after you eat dinner ... It will be a good time for me 671-888-8819 . 
The white t-shirt won't come off 
Going to watch Karate Kid and fall asleep then PT in the morning YAY 
Worst PFA I've ever done . I really hope I get a redo . 
Good news is no work Saturday , bad news I have duty a gun shoot and a 0'dark thirty day tomorrow . 
unfortunatly they dont have any more PS moves at the NEX this is a sad day 
Through recent news I've discovered that FB should make a GF/BF delete app . So all those pictures that you had of your GF/BF will be deleted or hidden upon break up so you don't have to go through all the pics you had . Plus if you decide you really aren't going to break up it has a repost option . It would be a great app for FB . 
Good new The Ball of Justice also known as The Ball of Added Humiliation has been found and will continue to do its job to help rid this world of ignorance and injustice . 
So kind of wondering what the similarites are in whats on my mind and someone elses ... 
Yeah I got it PS Move and it is awesome . 
Ok much better mood now cause I figured out some stuff and hopefully helped a friend do the same . sooo thats all for now time to eat :D 
Going back to sleep now hopefully , just want ot let enreyone know im safe and i go one more day til final stop . 
Facebook is retarded in bahrain ... 
Getting ready to leave to Dgar , was excited but its kind of going down hill now . 
So for now the new weapons people have already made themselves know . We won a texas holdem tourney with 2 of us at the final table and 2 of us came in 3rd and 4th place in a 5k this weekend . 
message me if you want my email and I'll check this one more time tomorrow , then I'm not going to be able too 
Goodbye Facebook I will no longer be able to use you to spy on fellow sailors or family . I will miss seeing my updates that have absolutly nothing to do with me and retarded messages that people post through applications saying that they are the color blue or they are a thunderstorm . I will also miss the slow decline in grammatically correct sentences . 
Ever wonder wth was I thinking or if I was ? 
Sooo 5 days until Christmas really slips up on you when the weather almost never changes ... I really miss the whole 4 seasons thing , oh well I'll just have to go to the Beach instead . 
Always good to here from family the only thing bad about it is it makes me miss Bojangles and Deer Hunting a lot 
Guy : Hey I'm going to need your shirt and your van . \ 
Girl : Really , hehehe would you like my virginity too ? \ 
Guy : If it's on the menu . \ 
Girl : hehehe\ 
Guy : You're not to bright are you ? \ 
Girl : No ... hehehe\ 
Guy : Perfect ! 
Whenever I get a boat I'm going to name it Cloud 9 that way I can float on cloud 9 . 
Rocks + Gravity - Mother Nature = A butt whooping ( I mean this quite literally too ) 
I watched Paranormal Activity 2 , and I recommend this to anyone . If it wasn't for the fact I was in a room with to other dude I may have cried in fear a little bit . Lucky the hottness of the girl < PROPFIRST > distracted me enough to keep it together . 
I think Murdock from the A-Team is my new hero . 
It's crazy some people are nice enough to let you stay at there place even though they aren't that fond of you(put nicely ) . Then you still disobey simple rules of the house put down . Simple stuff too , like just respecting there place . 
I don't know what was up with people today , but everyone smelt like devlin 
In fearful day , in raging night\ 
With strong hearts full our souls ignite\ 
When all seems lost in the war of light\ 
Look to the stars for hope burns bright 
Just to let everyone know Guams ok . We didn't get hit by anything its actualy look nice outside here . 
so today i learned from right spirit in order to have fun without drinking you need , sumo suits , tricycles , drunk goggles , and a hot ballroom dancer girl . 
went hiking , ate some bad food from hooters , and then played a lil softball . pretty eventful day ... nap time now 
War is an ugly thing , but not the ugliest of things . The decayed and degraded state of moral and patriotic feeling which thinks that nothing is worth war is much worse . The person who has nothing for which he is willing to fight , nothing which is more important than his own personal safety , is a miserable creature and has no < PROPMALE > of being free unless made and kept so by the exertions of better men than himself . 
Nothing gives you heartburn like pool water and running . 
