Missing all my friends in Portland !! :-( 

getting ready for our 4th cookout today . Ok I know it's only the 2nd , but Will works all weekend , so .... Happy 4th Everyone !!! 
is patiently awaiting the freakin repairman ?? Hot water heater gone bad . Cold showers really aren't all that bad 
Going to the lake to work on my tan .... 
My cousin who was my best friend growing up , died when I was in Korea . She was only 19yrs old . Her brother my cousin < PROPFIRST > who also had the same skin condition , I haven't seen in 15 + yrs . Their last name is Romero . 
Sorry < PROPMALE > . It was kinda crazy when I was there . Tried to spend as much time with the childern as possible when I was there . We'll catch each other soon . 
crazy < PROPFEMALE > weather here , thunderstorm watch , tornado watch , flash flooding ... 
rain for the 5th day in a row !! 
flash flood warnings .... another day indoors :-( 
another lazy day on the day . I really should find a job , shouldn't I ??? naaaa 
another fun filled day of painting out at < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST>'s . 
Celebrating our 2 yr anniversary ! How time flies ....... 
has the flu !! hate being sick when it's so nice outside , thank you < PROPFIRST > for sharing !! GRRRRR 
Finally feeling better !! 
went tswimming in the lake today ... not to many lake days left :-( 
Finally completed my resume . Let the job hunt begin !!! 
another beautiful day in Hot Springs ! The summer has been wonderful . It never gets old playing on the lake . 
Anyone besides me think there are way toooo many apps . on facebook and someone of you get carried away !! LOL 
Da Bears lost !! GRRRRR 
Happy that my Chicago Bears won yesterday !! DA BEARS ! 
DA BEARS !! 2-1 
Going to NKY on Thursday to keep up my son , < PROPFIRST > . he's coming to visit for awhile !! WooooHooooo ! 
Celebrated my son < PROPFIRST>'s Birthday last night . He turned 18 !! One of us are getting old ....... 
Long trip back to NKY tomorrow 
Back home safe and sound . Fighting a cold though ... GRRRRRRR 
Headed to Little Rock tomorrow to see the Gossip in concert !! 
Going crazy trying to find a job !! 
is waiting on a call about a job ( keeping my fingers crossed) !! 
Back to Portland I go !! looking forward to seeing all my wonderful friends there once again ! The Extended Stay accepts cats . Very happy about that !! Reporting for work on the 30th . We have to get packed and moved in a week ... AGGGGHHHHHH 
3 days to get it all packed !! Loading the truck on Wednesday , taking off on Thursday !! Happy Thanksgiving !! BUSY , BUSY , BUSY !! 
had a great time meeting my old friends on Saturday night . Thanx < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > . Looking forward to a funday sunday soon ... 
off to work ..... love working nights !!! 
Thanks all for the wonderful Birthday wishes ! Celebrated a little last night . It was an interesting first night back in downtown Portland . Thanks < PROPMALE > for joining us . 
Guess I'm finally back online !! 
ahhh , Portland and rain .... I've missed it so . NOT !! 
finally got out to wash and clean the car !! of course it had to rain before I got back home ! I LOVE PORTLAND !!! 
I was walking through the < PROPMALE > when suddenly .... 
Went dancing at Embers last night ... had a great time .... LOVE to dance ... dance ... dance 
Can't sleep ..... it's gonna be a long night ..... 
< PROPMALE > = A total Studgod , masterful in every way . Great < PROPMALE > and Ruler , loved by women and adored by children , envied by men for being so awesome and wealthy and having a big unit and balls of steel . I hope when I grow up I can be a < PROPMALE > . They all bowed down to his great < PROPMALE > ness and kissed his butt . The baseball < PROPFEMALE > was a real < PROPMALE > . The women dream of being with < PROPMALE > . 
lazy Saturday mornin ' ...... enjoying my coffee 
GO INDY !!!!! 
Yea Saints !! WHATEVER !!!!! 
home early ... now what am I suppose to do ???? 
laundry day .... fun fun fun !! 
loving the Crab Bowl 
< PROPFEMALE > and 60 in Portland . Early spring I hope .... Did I mention that it's < PROPFEMALE > here ?? 
Went to lunch in Hood River at Full Sail . Great lunch and a beautiful day with my swettie :-) 
BLAH ! BLAH ! BLAAAAH ! WAH ! WAH ! WAH ! WAAAAAAAAH ! BLAH ! BLAH ! BLAAAAAAH !!!! 
looking forward to the weekend and the adventures that await ..... 
I love Fridays and Guess jeans !!!! 
What a crazy day ! I'm blaming it on the full < PROPFEMALE > . 
long 12 hr day ... I'm tired ! 
I love my job and the people I work with ! Yes you , you know who you are :-) 
Had to much fun last night celebrating with Will ! Hangover , ugh :-( 
just got back from Saturday Market ..... beautiful day to watch all the colorful people of Portland ... 
you don't always get what you want ...... 
Today's game - MIDDLE NAME ONLY ! Everyone please play ! You will find it interesting to know what your FB friends ' middle names are . Copy and paste this onto your profile , then post your middle name . 
Some people will just never grow up !!!! Myself included :-) 
headed to the roller derby ! 
actions speak louder than words ..... 
we got kicked out of Pioneer Square for smoking by some 15 yr old looking rent a cop ..... GRRRR Portland !!! 
blah blah blah .... just one of those days 
what a beautiful Portland afternoon !! 
just got through planting flowers ..... what a beautiful sunshining day !! 
another < PROPFEMALE > afternoon ... thank you < PROPFEMALE > for going home :-) 
I'm just saying ...... 
let the weekend begin !! ( with doing laundry of course ... GRRR ) , but after that , it's on . 
Just bought our Lady Gaga tickets for August concert , floor level , 23rd row . 
I'm a free bitch baby !! 
$1.00 drinks and $1.00 shots are good for the wallet , but not so good for the head .... had a fun night of dancing . 
I QUIT !!! ( smoking that is ) 
Had a horrible dining experience at Applebees this afternoon . It wasn't our first choice , but we ended up there . Never again !! 
we just got back from watching \Alice in Wonderland\ " in 3-D . AMAZING !! Great movie ! " 
Headed to the coast for the weekend !! Thanks < PROPFEMALE > 
is looking forward to the weekend and some warmer weather ?? I hope !! 
I love Fridays !! 
optimistic about new opportunties .... 
I guess I found out the hard way who I can put trust in ... 
So , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is getting his 8th divorce , and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > is possibly getting married for a 9th time . < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and Tiger Woods are , well ... you know ... Even Newt Gingrich is on his 3rd marriage . Yet the idea of same-sex marriage is what is going to destroy the institution of marriage ? REALLY ?!? Feel free to copy and paste if you agree ! 
We just enjoyed a nice late lunch in Edgefield . 
Will just served the Governor of Oregon dinner ... crazy ... explains all the police .... 
Finally got the phonecall I've been waiting for ...... YEAH ME !! I didn't fall alseep today !! 
Dressed to impress ... contained nervousness 
All I'm going to say is it went well .... if you ask that is going to be my standard response ... so don't ask !! 
off to purchase a new flatscreen tv for the bedroom ... 
very stressful 45 mins on the phone .... my head hurts :-( 
Today you \ 
may have to engage in some manipulation , even secretive activities , \ 
in order to produce the desired outcome , but it is for a \ 
good cause , the results will be something you can be proud of . Your \ 
actions will not only gain someone's approval but possibly their praise \ 
or applause as well . As long as you have a solid plan and the support of\ 
those who won't betray your confidence , things will go smoothly . 
Happy Mother's Day to all you wonderful Mom's .... 
long afternoon of laundry .... GRRR 
Soooooo glad it's Friday !! 
rain rain go away !! take the cold weather with you !! 
rut ro raggy 
I am not the smartest perosn in the world . I find it incredibly difficult that people do not see what is right in front of them . Even worse , they see it , yet choose to ignore it !! 
YEAH FRIDAY !!!!!!! 
just back from the < PROPFEMALE > Festival ..... spinning rides are bad !!!! 
WTG BLACKHAWKS !!!!! 
mid June , 2 days of sunshine this month , high of only 61 today ... I'm dying here ~~~ 
working Saturdays ... UGH !!!! ( at least it's over ) 
loved the naked bicyclist going down broadway , but didn't see < PROPFIRST > .... :-) 
A few of my favorite things : Will , Fridays and sunshine :-) 
just had a wonderful shopping experience at Nordstrom Rack ... bought a Diesel jacket , original price $700.00 , we walked out of the store with it for only $113.00 , deal of the century . Followed by a great lunch at Claim Jumper's ... great afternoon 
ahhhhhh Friiiiiiday ...... 
long day at work , followed by a long commute home ( < PROPFIRST>'s Biden's motorcade had traffic stopped on both my routes home ) , then I almost get hit twice because people in Portland do not understand the concept of merging , the icing on the cake .. I stopped to pick up lunch on the way home , got home only to find out they didn't put my sandwich in the bag ... UGH 
grammer police < PROPFEMALE > or the grammar police ??? hehe 
what a beautiful Saturday morning .... 
spent a beautiful afternoon out at Rooster Rock with Will ...... 
Well it happened as I knew it would , today July 17th 2010 . I was driving on west I84 at the split between Portland and the airport , when all of a sudden , my new bestest friend < PROPFEMALE > decided she would merge her car into mine . Luckily my great driving skills took over and no one was hurt , we exchanged info and drove on our < PROPFEMALE > little ways ..... 
Went to see Toy Story 3 in 3D last night , it was good ..... Note : probably not a good idea to have 4 drinks prior to seeing 3D movies .... lol 
is NOT a happy camper :-( 
ho hum 
Insurance company totalled out my car ... not sure how I feel about this yet .. I really loved my car :-( 
had fun meeting < PROPMALE>'s posse tonight ..... now off to work ...... ugh 
The car is going to be paid off , I'm getting it back and still get some cash in my pocket ... it just won't look as pretty as before ..... overall a good outcome I think . 
busy morning ahead ... lots of errands 
lunch at Cheesecake Factory ... not all that impressed .... did get our errands done though 
Getting ready for our jet boat cruise to Astoria ...... 
My Love , everybody wants someone to love and everybody wants to be loved , thanks for being that special someone for me ... Happy Anniversary 
Car paid off ... no more car payments ... woohoo !! 
finally bit the bullet and got us both new eyeglasses .... 10 days until our new specs ... excited and broke ..... damn the insurance , or lack thereof !!! 
just completed our shopping trip for the concert tomorrow ... GAGA !! 
ooo la ooo la la 
Amazing concert !! details when I see everyone .. 
what a beautiful sunshinny day .... 
off to see < PROPFEMALE > Cho shortly ... ( if the women would ever get here !! ) 
off to play a round or two of disc golfout at Rooster Rock 
no car payment = new PS3 system ( 320gig ) with the new Move camera ... just arrived as we were discussing that it should ship today .... woohoo 
why soooo difficult ? 
DA BEARS !! 2-0 
Will got our PS3 system up and running ... I have to leave for work soon , just enough time to beat him < PROPFEMALE > quick game of < PROPFEMALE > pong .... 
what a beautiful spring day .... too bad it's already fall ... grrr 
lovin ' the PS3 move games .... addicting 
Let's go Bears !! Kick some Packer A$$ !! 
Da Bears !! 3-0 ( thanks pack for giving us one ) ........ 
GO BEARS !! 
very tired ... hoping my phone call goes well at noon ..... 
driving in Ne Portland S***S 
rainy laundry day ..... 
DA BEARS !! 4-1 ( WTG REDSKINS , WAY TO TAKE DOWN THE PACK !! ) 
my hands are sore , my knees are sore , my back is sore .... someone should've kicked me in my ass when I said I knew how to run a buffer !! off to take a hot bath and then sleep , just to get up and do it again ..... ugh 
I have been driving for over 30 years , have had 7 different drivers license's for 7 states ( including the state of Oregon ) and I fail the drivers exam today .... GRRRRRRR !! 
I now have an Oregon license !! When I questioned the $60.00 fee , I was told that Oregon has the 6th best roads in the nation . To bad that doesn't apply to the drivers , nor the road way system itself ... I'm guessing my $60.00 license will have gold trim on it when it arrives ,,, 
Just watched Schindler's List ..... incredibly powerful movie 
Today was a good day , I'll find out on wednesday if it was a great day !! 
Let the fun begin !!! 
oh well ... guess I have to keep trying ... 
now the homeless want to get combative when you don't give them a cigarette .... OUTRAGEOUS !!.... ahh Portland 
#24 !! 
how can you call yourselves fans , when all you do is want to trash talk the Bears ?? 
Cubs suck now !! 
http://videoquick.net/a/?watch=r3anLy3Hz 
silly me , I thought Portlanders knew how to drive in the rain .... my bad ... 
Bears and Bengals on tv ... it's a good morning 
ahh work , after walking into somewhat of a train wreck and 2 temps not showing up , < PROPFEMALE > and I pulled out of the mess and had a really good night ... we'll see what tonight holds ..... 
uneventful ride home ... yea !! 
Happy thanksgiving to all my family , friends and fb buddies ... 
It really isn't that difficult to produce a mug !!!! uggghhhhh 
what a lovely Sunday afternoon ..... 
Bears 9-3 !! 
what a wonderful rainy morning ... 
I love my friends ... thank you < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > for making me feel great !! 
Thank you all for the wonderful birthday wishes !! I'm smiling from ear to ear . I had a wonderful day yesterday and am looking forward to another great year !! 
okay , I know I'm suppose to let it go and not bring it home , BUT , this is by far the worst work day I've had in a year !! so glad it's over ..... 
wow , a trip to the post office , IKEA , Auto Zone , < PROPFIRST > Meyer , 7/11 and then Arbys for lunch ... all in under 4 hrs ... we rock !! 
Holiday wishes to all my family and friends .... may you find joy and happiness in spending time with your loved ones ... Merry Christmas to all ! 
purging is good .... 
is just a bundle of excitement ... my son arrives Wednesday afternoon !! 
damn the delayed flights .... < PROPFIRST > is now 3 hrs behind schedule and still not on the 1st flight ... GRRR 
fun night of beating the boys playing PS3 ..... if I can get them up and moving , we'll be heading to Seattle soon .... 
Good game Bears !! Now bring on the Packers !! 
saddened by my sons departure ... it was a wonderful week !! 
time to go shopping with our Christmas gift cards .... 
UGH !! Thanks for the good year Bears !! 1 game short .. 
3 day weekend 
packers and steelers , who cares .... game is going to suck 
ohh sunshine , how I've missed you .... 
lightly snowing in the SW .... 
taxes complete ... fed refund $199.00 , Or tax due 156.00 , it's a wash .. I'm happy !! 
lovin ' me some mocha doodle 
looks like we're moving , end of month ... guess Portland is stuck with us for another year !! 
maybe today I will climb a tree ... 
In honor of MS awareness week , March 7th- 13th , 2011 , please put this in your status for one hour if you or someone you love has Multiple Sclerosis ( MS ) . I know my friends will . My prayer is that in 2011 a cure will be found . Do it in honor of those fighting MS ! ? 
we just got the keys to our new place ... now if we could just get each of our fb friends to come by and take over a carload , we won't have to get a truck !! call and I will give you your scheduled pickup time .. thanks in advance :-) 
moving is fun !! 
Okay , so I lied . Moving is not fun ! It's hard work ! We did have a very successful day getting a lot accomplished .. 
4 more carloads of STUFF to the new place ... t 
nap time over ... time to get moving .... will be over soon ( please be over soon ! ) 
no internet for 24 hrs !! OMG !! see you tomorrow fb 
So we just got done cleaning the old apt . Have the walkthrough tomorrow and then I want my money back !! 
video poker is good , okaaaay !! 
okay , so who saw me on the FOX12 news this morning ??? 
