Man , I really miss having internet access . Anywayz , hi for now . Miss all my friends on here . Just popping in for a quick hello . 

I really miss having the internet man !!! < PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone , if I'm not in touch with ya through the web , you're still always in my heart !!! XOXOXOXOXO Love to my friends and family . God Bless U All ... Happy Holidays . 
Happy New Year all 
Go Steelers ! 
Steelers are swatting mosquitos in < PROPMALE > today . :o ) 
Still on track for superbowl win number 7 ... here we come !! 
livin n loving 2gether all the time 
Time to get a fishing pole - I love my back yard !!! 
Wow , I feel the love guys , thank u so much for the birthday wishes ! My son went to every teacher and some students to get them to sign my bday card he made 4 me ! What a thoughtful thing 2do !!! I'm thrilled to accept every good wish from all y'all! Thank u my friends , thank u !!! Have a wonderful day !!! Much luv 2 all !!! 
Have a safe and happy holiday everyone ! 
Getting packed , can't wait to go campin at the Ledges this weekend , really hope my boyfriend is responsible enough to hold the fort down for me while I'm gone ! Pray ! 
Ledges wknd was awesome , as 2b expected . Except the very end , when wicked gatekeeper lady charged r car while screaming like a lunatic threatening 2 have my car towed ! Not a nice ending , but not worth mentioning again - had 2 let every1 no ' bout the dangers of camping ..... pissed off women who b HATEin'! Peace n love every1 ! Eh , she probably just needs a hug , right ? LOL eh , whatever ... Dance on I say ! 
Beach 1 at 6:00 , God willing . Hope the rain holds up for yet another wonderful musical event - just can't get enough of them ! Will travel for music ! Hope they have a great turnout regardless of the weather , unless of course there are twisters involved ... not today , please ! 
Going to see my sister soon , I hope , I hope ... it's been years ! Come home sissy , come home safely xoxo 
Bummer , she didn't call :-( 
Perfect weather a pony ride along the creek today ! 
First day at Summer Camp for my boy ! I'm so excited for him . I hope he has a great day ! 
Looking forward to a change ... my ' new every two ' is coming up in August . Any suggestion for a really good relaible , rugged cell phone ? 
Congratulations < PROPMALE > on ur long-overdue lifetime achievement award ! 
Em , uh , Good mornin ' ladies and gentlemen , boys n mfn girls , this iz yo captn wit no-name speakn n eyem here 2 rok ur world ! Yeah baby , Bring it < PROPMALE > ! Awesome article in < PROPFEMALE > ! Ageless beauty . :-) 
Happy Fourth of July weekend , be safe peeps ! :-) 
Rusted Root ! Tomorrow ! Be there or be square :-) 
OMG One World Tribe and Rusted Root were AMAZING !!! 
Youngstown Ohio Jazz Festival tomorrow has the awesome Spyro Gyra performing !!! :-) 
Jazz Walk ! Duke's at the Plymouth , yeehaw !!! :-) 
Man , summer events sure take up my whole schedule very quickly ! 
The Duke < PROPMALE > Band was rockin ' that Square !!! Yeehaw , thank you again for a wonderful time , rock on ! 
< PROPMALE>'s Blues on the Lake , so excited ! Better get that boat hookup Marve , I'm comin'! 
Jakes Blues was soooooo awesome ! Just wish all those haters would've refrained from focusing on me instead of the main event !!! Dance I say , DANCE ! Why do some women just HATE a pretty girl dancing her ass off ? They really need to find out how much fun it is themselves instead of hatin ' those who know ! 
Hot ! 
I wish all the haters , takers , n liars would go live on their own island somewhere and leave good ppl alone , but we all know THAT's not gonna happn ! :-( 
Here I come Duke ! 
Thirty-five bucks !?!? Okay , nah I'll wait for the free events . I had no idea the Brewing Company was charging that much to go to Beer on the Bay . Bummer dudes . :-( 
< PROPMALE > Petty was AWESOME in Pittsburgh !!! WOW !!! 
Okay , the boat's all fueled up and ready 2go for 8 Great Tuesdays , I can't wait ! I'll finally be on the water again ! It's going to be waaaaay more fun than ur Tuesday VolleyBall Mikey ! :-) 
The Beatles tribute band can rock , but they looked like they would've rather been reading the newpaper - sounded great though ! Too bad the boat ppl cancelled , but still was fun ! :-) 
< PROPFEMALE > Road was it ? They were great sounding , but looking like they would've rather been reading the newspaper . :-( Brought my bodyguard this time , so no one would get too froggy . It was fun . Boat plans fell through though , again . There's always next Tuesday ! 
RIP Mr. Morse . My thoughts and prayers are with the Morse family as they grieve xoxoxo , sending love and prayers ... 
< PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > sittin ' in a tree , K I S S I N G ... She's got that new-girlfriend smell u like so much Chaunce ! You guys look soooooooooooooooooo cute together 
Finally went boating on the lake !!! It was a perfect day to be on the water yesterday ! We caught a whole bunch of fish and fried em up when we got home - fresh and yummy ! 
Kicked ass at softball ! Good to have the mascot there - it makes a world of difference , eh team ?!?! 
See you at the Fabulous Jazz Festival this weekend everyone ! I'll be close to the action , as usual , with a tent pitched in the back . Looking forward to the PERFECT weather ! :-) 
Wow , it ' another Great Tuesday already ! Time sure flies when ur havin ' fun ! 
Looking 4ward 2a nice weekend with my longtime friend from the ' Burgh ! Miss u girl ! Xoxo 
Looks like I have 2 go 2 another < PROPMALE > Petty concert on the 31st . Sheesh the things my friends make me do , such torture heh heh ;-) 
The General McLane \40\ " party at the Hotel Bar was fun ! I'm so happy to be a part of such a great group of people ! Thank you everyone - twas good to see old friends again ! " 
I hear there's a party in Corry this weekend :-) 
Yet another perfect day to be outdoors ! My horse is getting her exercise , that's for sure ! Have a great day everyone ! 
Life is but a walking shadow , a poor player who frets and struts his hour across the stage and then is heard no more ... is this a dream ? Feeling transcendental today :-) 
Sooooo excited about going to the < PROPMALE > Petty concert tomorrow ! We shall NOT miss the Drive-By Truckers this time ! :-) Wish all my peeps were coming with ! 
< PROPMALE > Petty was awesome of course . Next up : Nickleback 
Goin 4wheelin later today . Test driving it . May trade my dead Cavalier for it to a mechanic . Sounds like a good deal to me so far :-D 
Doh ! Traffic court at 10:00 was going juuust a bit 2fast wish me luck . 
Yeehaw goin wheelin 2day . Gotta get some fresh air Redneck style ;-) 
Touchdown ! And thats a wrap ! Steelers rock ! 
I need 2 go ... to an island in the tropics , alone , 4a week or 2 :-D 
First Treatment team mtg @ anthonys new school today . 
Sooo who`s comin 2 the wine fest with me ? 
Holy Steelers game ! Wow ! Yea ! 
Uh u guys r crackin me up w/ur comments ... girlz :-) 
I like it on OTF under the kitchen table ;-) 
OVR intake mtg 2day 4my son @his school ... finally :-) 
Breast cancer awareness month , domestic violence awareness month , mental illness awareness month , ... I'm sure there's more 2b aware of this month , but sheesh , that's a lot for little ole October ! ... BTW TOMORROW IS BIPOLAR AWARENESS DAY ! 
BIPOLAR MOOD DISORDER AWARENESS DAY TODAY ! BE AWARE ~ , IT'S EVERYWHERE . 
5 down 11 to go ... Then playoffs Then Superbowl win number 7 baby ! ;-) great game today . Go STEELERS !!! 
Anniversary of my Daddy's death today . Cant believe he's been gone 8 yrs :-( miss him bunches ! 
Lookin ' 4ward 2my Friday night blues session < PROPFIRST > ! Bring it ! 
Been at the ER with my friend for 3 hours and he still hasnt seen the ER doc :-( 
Cmon STEELERS go go go ! 
Man that weather headed this way is scary :-O 
Good grief another Costume party . :-) happy halloween y'all . Be safe . 
Happy November ! :-) 
Storm those polls y'all! 
School just called police on my kid - he went awol again ... on standby and very anxious . Prayers are welcome ! He's on Interchange RD , with staff and cops trying to get him to NOT miss his bus ride home . :-( Hope they get him back safely . 
Just got my vote in . 
No more political campaign ads yippee hooray ! 
Happy birthday 2my beautiful cuz across the pond ! Love ya girl . Have an awsome day Stace :-) xoxo 
Beautiful week ahead . Time to get those flower beds all set and ready for next spring ! :-) 
Go Pgh Steelers ! 
Ima b dancin 2nite ! 
Beautiful Day ! Hope y'all get to spend it outdoors in the gorgeous sunshine - and don't 4get 2 vote in the Pepsi Refresh Challenge for CABF Every day this month - all three ways to vote . Pleeeeeeez support this cause - it's very close 2my heart :-) 
Don't 4get 2vote in the Pepsi challenge 2day for CABF !!! 
Steelers got this ! 
Think i'll stop at < PROPMALE > 12 for the best wings in town after this mammogram . 
Have a blessed Thanksgiving yall ! Im spending it with my farmily ... stayin here on my beautiful farm which i am VERY thankful for . Peace & love 2all be safe and enjoy . 
Just kicked some butt i darts . Won 6 out of 8 ! Thnx 4all the helpful tips Gabe . 
What a beautiful day for a pony ride . Keep me updated via cell of the game < PROPFIRST > . 13 to 10 is too close ! C'MON STEELERS KICK SOME BUTT ! 
Whoohoo we did it ! STEELERS ROCK !!! 
It's World AIDS day people ... 
Happy Birthday < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Praisin ' the good lord this morning . the snow is beautiful ! 
Gettin my super soul saturday on ! :-) 
< PROPFIRST > is soooo amazing ! 
Still on track 4superbowl win number 7 ! :-) 
Dad would be 67 today :-( RIP Dad xoxo miss u so much . 
