ya Im pretty exited ... its gonna be tough tho ... but not as bad as stats !!!! hahaha 

do you think gaga is a herm ? really ... 
GO BUCKS !!! 
Ok Im sick of taking quizes ... Time to go to bed ! 
So nervous about school ! I want to be done already and havent even started ! 
omg ! Weinerschnitz is Derlicious ! 
I know I need to study but I dont want to .... bahhhh 
Gotta start gettin ready to walk down the aisle ... today is the big day ... hahaha Im a bridesmaid !!! 
I dont know about that fight !!! That was too close , definetely Machida's toughest fight ! 
Im getting sick and I have three midterms next week !!!! AGHRRRR 
OMG ! watching Obsessed ! That bitch is crazy I wanna punch her in the face !!!! 
Just saw 4th Kind .... it was good ! not sure if its real or not tho .... 
Veags was freakin awesome ! The RedRock was super nice ... totally worth staying off the strip 
Awww I love thanksgiving ... but now my pants don't fit ! haha 
God I hate football ! Whys it gotta be two nights a week !!!! 
Super exited for < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > to take pics ! 
Man it is a bad year to be a celebrity !!! Another bits the dust ..... RIP Brittany ... loved your movies ! 
Just got home from < PROPMALE > Ivy .... lovin life ! 
I dont want my break to end !!! I love having nothing to do EVERYDAY ! 
GO BUCS !!!!! What an awesome win today . We killed the Saints :) 
i am so bad at poker ! 
Just got home from June Lake and a weekend of boarding ! I will never go to the local mountains again !!! LOL 
Black !!!! 
check your inbow bitch ! 
I am so burnt out on school ! GRRRR 
I kicked a phone riding a motorcycle because that's how I roll :) 
Loving the rain ! 
WOW ! What a beautiful day ! 
I want to drive somewhere but I don't know where ? 
I love Obama .... bring American jobs back from overseas , tax the shit out of those banks that screwd us over in the first place ! and cut taxes for the middle class ! Change is here ! 
How long will < PROPFEMALE > put its future on hold ! 
Obama says those who have insurance will keep their current doctors and insurance and it would reduce costs and premiums by millions of dollars by reforming health care . According to the Congressional Budget Office ( an independent organization approved by BOTH the Republicans and Democrats to keep score for Congress ) 
( from below ) ... they say that the health reform approach will lower our national deficit by one TRILLION dollars over the next two decades !!!! 
If you are a woman that has a wonderful man in your life that works hard and would do anything for you , then repost this ... because great men are few and far between , and I appreciate and love the one I've got . ME TOO ;) 
I just paid off 2 credit cards ! Man that feels good ! Im not gonna let those credit card companies get my interest anymore ! 
Go to urbandictionary.com and look up your first name . Copy this in your status and what Urban dictionary says about your name in the first comment 
So whats with the doppelgänger thing ? what is that ? If anyone knows , can you please update me ? 
Spread the love on V Day ! Love a little more , and hate a little less .... 
I am sooo sick of school ! We never catch a break , its one assignment after the next and I wanna pull my f***ing hair out !!!! 
just saw Shutter Island .... it is such an awesome movie !!!!! Man < PROPFIRST > just keeps getting better , he is by far one of the best actors in Hollywood ! 
Went to Pechanga last night and saw B52's with the parents ! Man they party so much harder than us hahaha Pechangas cool , it totally feels like your in Vegas ! 
Just finished my groups paper !!! aghhh now off to bed to be up early to sit in class all day and come home and write another paper !!! grrrrr grad school SUCKS !!!! 
Wow ! what a beautiful day ! I wanna go for a bike ride !!! 
I wanna go to the KDAY Crew concert sooo bad ... freakin awesome ! 
So i have been saying for years the stuff they teach in school is crap ( elemantary , middle and high ) and they just did a new study to determine the accuracy of these textbooks and found there is all kind of discrepincies in the history !!! Wrong dates , innacurate information , etc ..... hahaha wow !!! What are our poor children really learning ??? 
oh Im so sad , workers came and knocked our patio cover down cause it was old and now our backyard is bare boooo hoooo 
I have four final down !!! One more debate to go !!! WHHHOOOO HOOOOO ! 
Just watched Seven Pounds ... what a good movie , super inspirational !! 
On my spring break , loving life ! Today I washed my car , watched Precious ( good movie , but so sad ) and layed in the sun and worked on my tan ... Life is good ! 
Heading to Vegas tomarrow , just me and my hunney ! Super exited ! 
Whooo hoooo I got all A's , I ' sooo happy !!! All that hard work paid off ! Now to start another quarter , grrrr :( 
I cant believe we are watching Wrestle Mania ..... 
I so just got yelled at for making fun of the blood , sweat and tears of the founders of the WWF !!!! hahahaha They take this stuff so seriously ! LOL hahaha 
so I mowed the lawns today and cleaned the house ! I feel so productive :) 
Just watched Capitolism : A Love Story . All I have to say is WOW ! If you want to be enraged watch this movie ! This country is becoming an aristocracy ! 
grrrr .... I dont wanna work today ! I wanaa be outside enjoying the sunshine ! People are not made to sit in offices all day .... 
Had lunch at RA sushi with my hommies < PROPMALE > and Yuka , and man that place has gone down hill ! I used to brag about how good it was , but today they dissapointed ! :( 
So the KDAY concert is sold out ! Does anyone have any tickets or know someone who has tickets and wants to sell them ? Let me know , please !!!! 
I watched 2012 last night ... that movie is NUTS !!! I loved it !!! 
I just had to watch 5 kids all under the age of 8 for two hours . That was the best birth control ever !!! 
I actually like my bioethics class ! He is the first precher Ive met that is actually for gay marriage !!! Right on ! I guess their not all the same ... 
The Stepfather is creepy !!!! I cant stand the suspense !!!! 
ok I need to buckle down and write a paper ..... grrrrr 
The Stikeforce fights were boring ! The only fight worth waking up for was the end when Mayhem got jumped ! I hate the Diaz bros , a bunch of jerks ! 
I love Katt < PROPMALE > ! He is sooooo freaking funny ! 
What is with people who drive 70 in the fast < PROPFIRST > , but then when they notice you want to pass them , they spped up to 85 !!!! WTF PEOPLE !!!!! 
Yea ! Going to San < PROPFIRST > tomarrow ! I love flying :) 
right wing ..... left wing ..... conservative .... liberal . What do these words mean ? They mean nothing ! They are just ways to keep us seperated , divided and keep us from helping one another . 
Just watched The Box .... that movie is freaking wierd , but good . So the guy was an alien or what ? 
If you have a good heart and genuinely care for others , you will do well in this life 
so sad the weekend is over ... why is it that the weekdays go by soooo slooowww and the weekends go by so fast !? 
my phone got thrown in the wash n is incapacitated rt now . send me emails if you need to get in touch , thanx .... 
The phone is back in service ! 
Happy Mothers Day to all the mothers !!!! Have a fantastic day moms ! 
Going to see Nightmare on Elmstreet ! My favorite childhood adventure :) 
Has anybody noticed how FB changed our profiles ? If you clicked on link pages , it made it all wierd ! On one of mine I said hanging out with friends and it changed it to Friendship ! WTF !!! Friendship ( that just sounds creepy ! ) 
And what happened to the pages we liked ? It totally got rid of them ! So pissed ! 
Ok so sitting in boring bioethics , friends send me messages to occupy my time ! 
Grad school = working your ass off during the week going to classes and internship and spending the weekends working your ass of writing papers ! I will be so happy when this torture is over ! 
Heart like a lion , burning < PROPFEMALE > ..... 
So whats with people riding their bikes on the freeway ( and I dont mean motorcycles ! ) ? Are they on crack or what ? 
So I totally think that kid that sings paparazzi totally sounds better than Lady Gaga ! 
OMG ! animal experimenting pisses me off !!!! Its totally unnecessary and brutish ! we have the technology we could use as an alternative , why are we still torturing animals ?!!! 
There is 3 big ass snakes crawling around my backyard ! and while I have a pet Python , wild snakes scare the shit outa me !!!! Does anyone wanna come over and relocate some snakes ?! 
So animal control came out and they are just gopher snakes ! actually their good to have around cause they eat gophers ! 
I dont understand why everyone talked shit on Legion ? that movie was bad-ass ! 
I am sick of stuck up people ! 
Dont take life so seriously , have a sense of humor ! 
Heading to Vegas at 6:30 am !!! WTF ! 
Vegas was packed this weekend ! We had a blast : 0 Happy Bday Spoof ! 
I am so burnt on school rt now ! My mind is frazzled ! If I could crawl into a hole right now and live there , I totally would .... 
I just watched The Blindside ... what an amazing movie ! 
Has anyone seen that movie Fighting ? 
Ok just finished everything due tomorrow ! My neck is killing me from typing but thank God its DONE !!!!! 
Finals are done !!!! I want to lay in bed for about a month ! 
I am sick of racism ! Take it out of your value set ! 
Man I am good at calling fights ! First round knockout , < PROPMALE > wins ! 
I just got my settlement money from my last job ! whoohhooo thank you < PROPFEMALE > for suing ! 
To the world you might be just one person , but to one person you just might be the world .... 
wow , look up Amazon < PROPFEMALE > and friends !!!! CRAZY ! 
I love the coast ! Driving up the 1 , soooo beautiful ! 
San < PROPFIRST > is an amazing city with gorgeous homes !!! < PROPMALE > were moving haha 
Driving thru central Oregon .... I thought Oregon had lots of tress and was green and cool ! Its 90 degrees and dry !!! WTF ! 
I love southern Colorado ! Greenness everywhere !!! 
Jury Duty tomarrow .... uggghhh 
I love having good friends who love you for who you are , don't judge and are down to earth ! :) 
Did anyone feel a couple earthquakes around 10am ? 
OMG !!! I just did < PROPFEMALE > Michaels 30 day shred and I think Im gonna die ! She is crazy !!! 
< PROPFIRST > Hasselhoff's Roast was the best roast yet !!! SOOOOO funny ! 
It is freakin hot already !!!! 
Just got back from our random spontanious trip to Vegas ! Last minute lets see < PROPFIRST > Idol !!! hahaha Thanks Spoof and < PROPFIRST > ! 
Just got home from Huntington Beach and am so dissapointed in how bad the beach looked . There was trash everywhere and it was disgusting ... sad 
I am over this heat !!!! Please winter come quickly ! 
My DVR cut off the last 5 mins of Jersey Shore !!!! AGHHH ! 
The Mixed Martial Artist wins !!! 
Dear Riverside : If you could please keep our weather the same as today I will love you forever ! 
I just saw a People magazine article comparing Drake vs Eminem ! How are the two even on a similar scale ? really Hollywood !? 
OMG !!!! The new Jersey , dang !!!! 
<3 
Has anyone tried the P90X ? 
< PROPMALE > just told me , \Coming home to you is the best part about my day\ " .... hes such a sweet romantic .... and I love him ! " 
HOW\ 
DID WE MEET ? Post this as your status and see how many people \ 
remember ... 
OK starting the P90X workout today ! No more excuses ! 
The Expendables is the best action movie of the year ! 
Wouldn't you know .... the day before I start my new internship , I come down with a cold ! WTF ! 
I recomend everyone watch The World of Jenks on MTV ! What an amazing show , its the first show I have seen that has real meaning .... 
I hate this weather !!!! Winter please come ! 
OMG ! Its going to be 108 on monday ! 
Man mother nature is ruining my weekend plans !!!! GRRRRR 
whohoo , its raining !!! 
Gonna head out to Knotts Scary Farm !!! 
wow , what a difference from last weeks weather ! I am loving this cold front 
why is it that everytime I am using my computer , my fat cat has to take a huge smelly crap ! 
Did anyone watch the new World of Jenks ? Freaking crazy !!! 
I like it on the kitchen chair 
< PROPMALE > Iglesias is freakin HOT now !!! 
Can't Wait for the BUCS game tomorrow ! GO BUCS !!!!! 
That was the biggest BULLSHIT call !!!! Diaz is a punk and did NOT win that fight ! 
Just watched The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo ... hmmmm I like 
I just came home and apparently the air had been turned off and my house is 95 degrees !!!! my poor animals ! 
Snookie wants Smoosh Smoosh ! hahahahaha 
In class today , everyone brought in thier cultural items .... very cool to see people's history from thier perspective ! 
Doing a report on Oppositional Defiant Disorder .... does anyone have any vidoes or clips on this disorder ????? Please help ! 
Just finished a 5K for Breast Cancer ! Go pink ! 
Ready to murder my dog !!!! 
Awww the storm is passing ... no more rain :( 
got a new job at hotdog on a stick !!!! come by and see me this saturday @ the < PROPFIRST > mall !! 
Sick of studying !!!! GRRRR 
Just bought some new < PROPMALE > boots ! I'm ready for snow 
Absolutly over school ! 
San Fran .... 5 days away !!! 
Itunes is the coolest thing < PROPFEMALE > 
Off to San < PROPFEMALE > :) 
What a great time in San < PROPFEMALE > ! I love that city <3 
I <3 this weather ! I would love for it to be like this 365 days a year :) 
Happy Thanksgiving Everyone ! 
I am usually into sick torture movies but The Human Centipede was he most disgusting awful movie I have ever seen ! I really wish I would not have watched this movie and I will never get back that hour and a half of my life ! 
Change\ 
your Facebook profile picture to a \ 
CARTOON from your childhood and invite your friends to do the same \ 
until Monday ( Dec . 6 ) . There should be no human faces on Facebook , \ 
but an invasion of memories . This is acampaign to stop violence \ 
against children ... ? BLESS OUR CHILDREN ... ...... FROM\ 
MINE TO YOURS TO THEIRS ? 
I need to study for my final tomorrow ... but all I wanna do is sleep 
On my third cup of coffee , studying for finals , now my stomach is starting to hurt ! I better slow down on the coffee ! 
I really want to go somewhere tropical for graduation where I can lay in the sun all day ! Any suggestions ? 
My Dryer took a crap ! Great ! 
Just finished my last paper and submitted it ! Thank god its over !!! 
Just got home from the OC , Let me tell you , if you dont have to take the freeways DONT !!!! Its a mess out there ! 
Had a great day hanging with my best gal ! Hike , Lunch , Pedi's ... awesome day < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Thank you all sooo much for the birthday love !!! 
Thanks again everyone ! You are all so wonderful ! :) 
Man first week of school and my mind is already checked out ! June could not come any faster 
My BF is so amazing ... I come home from a long day of work then school and he cleaned the whole house AND put away the dishes ! WOW ! I couldn't ask for a more perfect man ! 
So what is the best island to go to in Hawaii ? 
The Nature of Addiction : You can unteach an animal to EAT ( the most instintual drive ) , but you cannot unteach an addiction .... once an animal has an addiction it cannot be un-taught\ 
groundbreaking research puts addictions into a new light for me 
Just looked at my school schedule and it looks like I wont have a life for the next 6 weeks ! agggghh just want it to be over ! 
Had an awesome weekend ! Got to see lots of friends and beer hehehe fun 
once again , I didnt get any school work done agghh 
hating my life right now ... why is this midterm so STUPID !!!! 
Freaking crooks ! Someone in < PROPFEMALE > used gregs card at Rite Aid for 100 bucks and we never even lost the card ! 
Man I love the deals at < PROPMALE > , but shit the people that go there may be worse than the Walmart crowd ! 
I totally got insulted tonight by a homeless guy ! wow still pissed ! 
I am dying ! There was this song on JOJO's top 9 and I cannot find it on the KISS < PROPFEMALE > ! It was #8 tonight does anyone know what song it was ???? 
YES !!!! Rain is on its way !!! 
Halfway done with my paper ... I may get a small weekend after all :) 
Got the trip all booked to New York !!!! So excited ! 
Oh I have senoritis sooo bad ! I just can't force myself to get serious !!!! Almost done tho :) 
“There are a lot of people in our society who are hanging by a thread . And the thread that holds society together and keeps these people from falling through the cracks — that thread is the social worker . ” 
YAAA ! All booked for Sacramento , going to lobby my congressman ! Should be fun :) 
One paper down , three finals to go !!! 
I hate SLOW DRIVERS ! Take the fn streets if you plan to drive 50 on the freeway ! GRRR 
The Roast of Trump was hilarious ! I love < PROPFEMALE > ! 
\The Girl you just called fat ? She has been starving herself & has lost over 30lb . The Boy you just called stupid ? He has a learning disability & studies over 4hrs a night . The Girl you just called ugly ? She spends hours putting makeup on hoping people will like her . The Boy you just tripped ? He is abused enough at home . There's a lot more to people than you think . \ " Make this you status if you're against BULLYING ! " 
Had a fantastic time in Big Bear ... lots of snow and the boarding was epic ! 
GRAPE 
Why is everyone playing april fools jokes about their relationships ... either engaged or single ... people are nuts ! hahaha well the day is over 
If I had a magic wand I would change the world .... 
