feels like she is waking up from a dream . vacation is over >_< 

had an awesome time !!!! congratz again ' 09 grads 
is wondering whether she should even bother studying for chem 
doesnt even know why she is trying . failure tomorrow on the chem final is inevitable . 
doesnt think it feels like summer 
packing and then gone for a whole week . back for two days of more packing then gone for two more weeks . yay summer . 
wishes everyone a happy 4th of july 
can someone remind me what the reading is for AP Am . History ? 
just got back from vermont . packing again and then back to vermont for camp sunday for at least 1 week . 
is back from her own little world that she has been living in for two weeks X ) 
is back from her own little world that she has been living in for two weeks and already misses it dearly <3 REF 2009 
is thinking too much . Life was simpler at REF . I miss it so much . <3 
wishes she was sleeping out at REF . looking up at all the stars . 
had an awesome day 
is hanging out with friends all day :) 
still has the outline of a huge banana in her driveway 
is currently harboring a dinosaur disguised as an ipod 
had to jog down the street in order to keep up with a crazy 75 year old priest in a wheel chair today 
feels very out the loop ? 
thanks everyone who wished her a happy bday yesterday 
is 16 going on 17 ... family bday party tonight 
is AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH !!!! so excited for tomorrow :D 
can't believe august is over . easily the best month ever . 
had a great last day of summer ... tomorrow should be ... interesting 
had an ok first day of school ... I guess ? 
is writing the first of MILLIONS of essays she will be writing this year for AP >_< 
has her essay pretty much done and in a surprisingly good mood . Tomorrow is friday . Saturday is gonna be fun . And life is good . 
feels like tonight is gonna be a good night . HAPPY BIRTHDAY GALVINS 
is sick . damn colds 
had her < PROPFEMALE > just raped by kanye comments ? still doing hw . and tomorrow is monday . fuck 
loves surprises ... like people showing up at her house and telling her she is babysitting today . 
had an overall bad day . yet is happy . shakespeare was fun . 
thank god tomorrow is friday 
is SO SUPER EXCITED FOR SHAKESPEARE !!!! and its friday . can't get much better than this :) 
is doing her homework outside 
had an awesome day , and is now officially exhausted . 
sleeps with a box of tissues like a child would sleep with a < PROPMALE > bear 
is upset that it is a beautiful day and she is gonna spend all of it doing homework . 
* slams her head on keyboard in frustration * . 
can't believe she spent all day writing an essay thats due tomorrow instead of studying/reading . 
can't believe she spent all day writing an essay thats due wednesday instead of studying/reading 
loves thunderstorms !!! 
just got home after an hour of waiting for her sisters soccer practice to be over and is now sitting down to write an English essay instead of going to the Red Sox game :( and is just realizing her teacher will probably be more angry at her for not going to the game then if she hadn't written her essay 
knows that the most amazing guys go by the name of < PROPMALE > . She will be visiting october weekend for an afternoon with < PROPFEMALE > !!!!! XD 
is surprised she liked spending her afternoon at the school until 5:30 
is doing homework . then church for most of the day . then more homework . 
is officially annoyed with freshman . they need to learn their place . 
is feeling a little sick ? homework ... and a lot of housework before the germans WEDNESDAY :D ... luckily music is here to make everything go away . 
THE GERMANS ARE COMING ! THE GERMANS ARE COMING !... WEDNESDAY !!!! :D .... I have to go clean now >_< 
wishes she could do something right . but life goes on . 
hanging out with < PROPFEMALE > :) 
had an awesome day , and tomorrow is friday . doesn't get much better than this . 
had an amazing day , but is very very tired . 
awesome autusch party and I get to sleep in tomorrow . LOVE 
lazercraze + duetsch exchange = another awesome night 
learning to play pool ... \too low ! too high ! COKE CAP ! POWER GRIP !!! \"" 
muss hausaufgaben , hausaufgaben , hausaufgaben machen :( 
has that lonely feeling you sometimes gets when you're doing homework and you know have to get it done but really you just wish someone was there to make you laugh ... < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > would now tell me to put that all in 1st person . 
and so the short week begins 
had an awesome time at the common class !!! but is tired and has hw to do . 
xnbvdifbgjlbviufdbgr buozv fUGBVADBPUH < PROPFEMALE > .... that made me feel a bit better 
snow snow go away . come again on a WINTER day 
is enjoying the distractions of old pictures . 
needs more music . good music . 
had an amazing time \carrot picking\ " :P " 
had an amazing time \carrot picking\ " :P but cannot believe the germans are leaving tomorrow :( " 
misses them already . :'( but for now is on a walk . 
misses them already :'( and only made it to her front yard to lie in the grass and take in the smell of fall for that walk 
is feeling ... sick ? 
is beginning to feel a bit better and will hopefully b in school tomorrow 
realized her day was made several times over by friends and good music . today was a good day . 
... \the river of doubt gave birth to a beautiful stone and in my hands I held it and I knew I was on my own so I picked it up and held it to the sky and in my reflection . I knew I was all alone ... \"" 
is wondering why like 50 ppl have their birthday on tuesday . 
... fuck . craploads of last minute work i haven't started and I am already tired . 
had to deal with her first migraine ever today .... that was fun . 
is being plagued by yet another strange ailment . maybe i will be in school tomorrow ? 
OPENING NIGHT AT THE GARDEN !!!!! you better be watching . 
is urgh ... >_< 
is as mad as a hatter 
had an awesome day . is very sad its over :( but tomorrow is saturday . yay sleep . Heute war mein Tag . 
wishes everyone a happy halloween 
is spending her sunday with shakespeare at rolling ridge and doing homework she should have done before . yay sunday 
wants to go on a walk but doesn't feel like walking alone 
does not like this whole getting dark early thing 
is existing . 
is better . today is going to b a fun day . 
is in for another long day 
:D a good day . but its sunday night ... so now I must do homework . tomorrow is monday , but I don't mind cuz its tech week ! 
frustrated in so many more ways than the obvious , but tomorrow is a new day . 
is enjoying the sounds of constant gunfire and murder from the next room . call of duty 2 , then shakespeare . 
success from failure is the best type of success . yay opening night !!! 
is having one of those days . so I am gonna play some basketball ( cuz thats more fun in the cold ) , watch a movie , and hopefully sleep lots . 
has found that something really doesn't help a down mood is when your basketball net isn't there to make the swish sound . 
has been locked away in a tower until her homework is done >_< 
last performance of As You Like It at NAHS !!!! be there at 2 ! 
while writing her essays keeps hearing a beeping noise from an unknown source , and is just hoping her house doesn't blow up 
just realized how long the weekend felt because all she remembers is shakespeare and tech week , and hasn't had any real classes since tuesday . Tomorrow is gonna really suck . 
procrastinating for as long as she can . outside . 
will one day stay up to catch some falling stars . but sadly tonight is not that night . 
might cry herself to sleep tonight . fresh city closed :( 
wants to run through the halls of the high school . wants to scream at the top of her lungs . 
wants more music , but has limited vision . Someone ( or many someones ) tell me good music !!!!!!!! lots of it ! 
is gonna have a long night ... shit 
is packing and downloading lots of music !!! 
is going to have over 200 new songs by the end of the night . hell yes . LENOX TOMORROW !!!!! 
is gonna be up very late packing but doesn't care :D 
school tomorrow . And then LENOX ! so much excitement !!! 
is exhausted . almost like being drained of all emotion and energy . tomorrow is going to suck . 
is officially pissed off by facebooks weird struggles . 
is thoroughly exhausted . and sleep doesnt even seem to help , and has barely gotten any work done . shit . 
had one of those days 
can't wait for tomorrow , yay FOOD !!!! and remembering a year ago . 
wishes everyone a happy thanksgiving . 
:) 
is a psycopath . 
had a very unhealthy day 
saw a beautiful , bright rainbow in the morning before school . 
had a great first day of ski team ! woot !!!! ... and I can't wait to be off blades already . 
can't believe today was that awesome ( with the exception of the math final ) . Damn winter . I want more days like this ! ... yet snow sat ? :D I love New England . 
liebt Schnee :) 
is hoping for AT LEAST a delay tomorrow . 
is pissed that today wasn't a snow day 
is enjoying one of the most intense thunderstorms she has seen in a long time 
lost her voice . but had an awesome time . 
is at rolling ridge for the weekend :) 
already misses everyone :( best weekend 
needs to start writing her persuasive essay and has no idea what to write it on . 
wishes that she went to bed when she first started feeling tired ( now ) , but no . When I start actually feeling tired , that means it's time to start my homework . 
desperately misses her ipod . It's out there in the big wide world somewhere ... alone ... and scared :( 
loves when word forces her to start her essay over and over and over again . 
really doesn't want to go back to school for three more days . vacation please ? 
cannot juggle 
... not a good day . 
is kind of confused why she is going to be getting up so early for a perfectly pointless school day ... oh wait . cuz its going to be epic . thats why . 
feels sick >_< 
legit ... the first step in \How to Play\ " Nightmare Before Christmas Trivial Pursuit ... \ " Remove the packaging from the cards and discard or recycle the waste . \"" 
is exhausted and out of place . is it really christmas tomorrow ? < PROPFEMALE > xmas everyone . 
for the first time in memory is seriously lacking the christmas spirit 
gets by with a little help from her friends :) < PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS EVERYONE !!! 
is watching the pretty xmas night snow . christmas has a new kind of magic ... It's funny ( in a sad way ) , how all this effort and buildup and suspense is gone in a matter of only a few hours . 
is not feeling so great XP 
RIP Katama 
wishes < PROPFEMALE > ryone a happy new years < PROPFEMALE > !!!! woot 2010 ! 
pasta party . homework . 
race tomorrow O_O everyone better dress up ... 
what's with the colors ? 
yellow with white hearts 
is disappointed . 
is kind of sad to see all the lights and trees and christmas spirit going . what else is good about winter ? 
hw , then celtics game tonight . 
most bullshit game I have watched in a long time . stupid refs ... finishing hw 
family . 
\pain is weakness leaving the body \"" 
loves sweatpants days 
so much homework >_< 
misses the germans , and shakespeare , and wants it to be summer at REF . what happens when you go through old photos :P 
half day tomorrow !!! 
coffee house for a bit . ^_^ 
another beautiful saturday morning 
just remembered the english hw of ap essays >_< ugh 
sick . 
ski team !!!!!!!!!! 
wtf facebook ?!?!?! w/e . lots of homework . pasta party for a bit . then more homework . 
is confused to why teachers bother assigning hw on superbowl weekend 
caught a bad cold >_< 
what a storm ! its a good thing we had half day today :p 
last day before vacation !!!! 
had an awesome time at the < PROPFIRST > mayer concert last night !!! going to montreal tomorrow . 
skiing in Tremblant with family . 
finished with her last day of skiing . back to the states tomorrow ... vaca is almost over >_< 
heading back to NA . 7ish hours . >_< so maybe a bit before 5 ? 
back in NA 
nice day for a walk 
amazing day !!!!!!!! field trip . cute coffee shop = delicious tea . field trip/graveyard = not school . panera's = more awesome deliciousness . hw . then maybe bright apple crush . 
HAS FOUND HER MISSING IPOD !!!!!!!!!! dreams do come true :) 
weird creeeeeeeepy night . but AWESOME ! 
loves being the only town around that has school 
hail anyone ? 
its going to be a long weekend .... 
feels sick 
work ? haha NOPE . :P 
:D 
\Not all who wander are lost\ " - Tolkien " 
brother to the hospital for stitches . still not sure about one acts tonight 
is rlly starting to hate sat . mornings 
has to enjoy every second of these beautiful days before the bugs come 
BACON 
oh research paper . how i hate thee . 
nomar garciaparra . awww <3 we love u too ^_^ go red sox ! 
finally finished with the research paper . probably chalk full of grammatical errors . but done . 
done with classroom drivers < PROPMALE > !!!!!! 
tomorrow ! tomorrow ! tomorrow ! TOMORROW !!!!!!! everything will be ok after tomorrow ! 
no school tomorrow ? maybe ? please ? 
ski team banquet !!!!! 
\we were the kings and queens of promise . we were the victims of ourselves . \"" 
first day of spring and a beautiful day 
day 1 of term 3 tmrrw . last of < PROPMALE > year . whoa - scary . but awesome at the same time . 
not visiting bros puppy today :( tomorrow :D 
misses you . <3 and loves you more :P 
... All night Hearing voices telling me That I should get some sleep , Because tomorrow might be good for something . Hold on I'm feeling like I'm headed for a Breakdown I'm not crazy , I'm just a little unwell . I know , right now you can't tell , But stay awhile and maybe then you'll see , A different side of me . I'm not crazy , I'm just a little impaired ... But soon enough you're gonna think of me And how I used to be .... 
happy easter everyone ! >_< school tomorrow . 
is nothing worth saving anyway 
eine woche !!!!!! 
sick . doctors at some point . 
hopes everyone has a fun time at prom :) 
acts .... fuck >_< then germany soon !!!... but as soon as thats over AP tests .... im guessing this is the time where junior/senior year(s ) begin to really suck . 
ACTs are not fun ... 
except for the ACTS good day . good day . :) 
wants to wake up weightless and smiling instead of having rocks piled on her chest . wants to be wanted . wants to feel like the special one again . how much more weight can i bear before I cave ? 
... 4 . 3 . 2 . 1 . ... GERMANY !!!! 
O_O brain fried and no hw or packing done yet 
shit . shit ! not enough time !!! packing and hw >_< but still so excited ! passports all i rlly need :P 
finally in bonn :P 
CLOTHES TOMORROW !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! lol :P ich liebe deutschland 
is more fit than everyone seems to think she is :P thats right stairs !!!! awesome day . CLOTHES CLOTHES CLOtHES . i love germany 
finds it very ironic that the one time we see a hummer ( or any SUV sort ) in germany is apparently on earth day :P 
:) germany <3 
misses bonn and the germans :( 
thunderstorm ? yes please !!!! 
half day tomorrow !!! woot ! :D 
perfect day for a half day 
ap us ..... 
loves thunderstorms . 
most intense celtics game i have ever been to . I love RONDO 
has AP English today and then is done with anything school related that matters :D 
DONE !!! :) 
misses bonn and the exchange 
pretty much slept through her whole saturday . yay migranes 
type into your url .... www.iamawesome.com \ 
go do it now . 
90 degrees actually becomes a perfect day when you add a cool swim , a frisbee and some friends . 
toronto prom tonight :) 
last full day in toronto 
is going to miss toronto and everyone :( 
stuck in toronto .... that would be a yay if i wasn't in the terminal by myself/with only strangers and still have hw to do that is in NA . love it when airlines screw you over ... 
THUNDERSTORM !!!!!! yay rain :D 
BAH ! ( as in frustration . not the sheep . ) 
loves that dirty water . oh Boston you're my home :D go sox 
doesn't know what she would do without thunderstorms 
essay ? project ? ... sitting in front of the computer spinning in my chair .... good . 
CELTICS !!! 
just needs to have a little faith 
today was an adventure :D 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pIrvpn3k9A4 
“God , < PROPMALE > me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change , the courage to change the things I can , and the wisdom to know the difference . ” - Reinhold Niebuhr 
retreat and a busy weekend XP but congratz grads 2010 !!!! 
celtics tonight 
beautiful day :) 
lets go celtics !!!!!!!!! 
RIP Manny and < PROPFEMALE > 
really long but really awesome day . good job at the coffe house everyone 
waking up at noon . listening to chill music . beautiful day . i think its officially summer . 
burned to hell , but yesterday was so worth it . summer 2010 XD already awesome . 
loving summer 
storms :D 
thinks that ordering movie tickets over the phone is one of the most obnoxious things she has had to put herself through EVER 
WARNING : boredom leading to stargazing results in lots of mosquitoe bites . even if it is awesome 
happy fourth everyone 
has the < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > concert tomorrow then up to on Sunday . so much to do but so excited !!!!! :D 
doesn't want to sleep ... even though it would probably be a good idea . 
is back from REF and is torn because though I miss it very much I am happy to see everyone again :) 
happy august everyone . shark week ! 
time for senior pictures >_< 
really hopes her senior pictures come out good .... XP 
is away till tuesday . college tours . yay ..... 
... 17 doesn't feel very different . thanks for the happy birthdays everyone !!! I had an awesome day :) 
:/ 
pretty much didnt sleep . woot woot . X_X 
hurricane tonight . party time :P 
loving the weather !!!! why must i do summer work ? >_< 
gah . i miss REF and it NOT being almost time to go back to school 
so frustrated . this isnt fair . 
done with summer work !!! with just enough time to enjoy what's left of her summer 
senior year . 
awesome first day of senior year :) 
is rlly going to appreciate the day off :) 
is officially pissed off . yay . 
bored . please txt with plans or something . 
rooouggghhhh day . txt me to < PROPFEMALE > out !!!! 
\we could never deafeat them ... even with all these men !!!! \ " - ghost ninja " 
someone please just shoot me now 
got nothing done today >_< 
apparently needs to expand her backroads knowledge :P 
gorgeous day :D 
gone fishing . be back sat night 
:) had one of those gradually improving days . but falling asleep in a good mood is nice . <3 
has no < PROPMALE > of surviving all the schoolwork and random shit that has to get done tonight . i might not be sleeping 
feels the dark circles under her eyes getting worse >_< stupid biology . i want to sleep 
:\\ 
had an awesome on-road with the polinos 
can't function 
visiting Marquette . be back sunday 
had an awesome day and an awesome time at the coffee house . people who didnt stay for the whole thing missed out .... \I love you guys . \ " :) " 
hates Teixeira's face . awesome time Red Sox vs . Yanks last night . best last minute plans ever < PROPMALE > Coppa , < PROPFIRST > Fionte , < PROPFIRST > Holasek . 
just wants to go back outside . damn homework . 
so tired of bio work 
no REF this weekend ( though maybe a visit ) and physics tonight . sucks 
had a fun time at the game :) 
borrrreeeddddddd . i really don't feel like doing the college stuff I should be doing . 
got used to being up late on the weekend . Tomorrow morning is gonna suck . 
has a nice bump on her forehead to match her black eye . Friday will just have to be \abuse Cait\ " day . Im expecting some new injury to the face next friday :P " 
SKI TEAM FUNDRAISER AT FUDDRUCKERS 5-8 !!! BE THERE ( WITH YOUR FLYERS ) 
finished with standardized testing and passed driving test :) yay 
celtics tomorrow . GET PUMPED 
awesome Common Class and epic back of the bus story time . 
another great night . gonna miss it next year 
ski and skate sale 
happy halloween everyone 
the \see friendship\ " button just blew my mind . 1 . when did that get there ? 2 . why ? " 
yay no school tomorrow 
i love friends :) especially < PROPFEMALE > Rodgers 
good day :) 
another great night ^_^ pretty stars and opening night tomorrow . BE THERE 
jealous of the people going to HP premiere but pumped for Lenox tomorrow . 
bittersweet time at lenox 
finds < PROPMALE > Potter coming to an end very depressing . good times . \ 
will miss shakespeare . good luck to you nest year . I love you all 
loves < PROPFIRST > Schreier . happy birthday 
hopes everyone had an awesome thanksgiving :) 
:) happy 
blah . school tomorrow 
November was pretty chill . December is gonna be awesome 
had almost forgotten how much she despises static electricity . 
and i was all pumped to get lots of sleep tonight ... not so much 
gone skiing for the weekend . woot 
roadtripping to hopefully the last college visit/interview . be back tuesday ... maybe . 
feels like that weekend just went by way too fast . 
maybe we will have a white xmas :) 
no phone until xmas . so reach me through fb or come bother me in person . 
< PROPFEMALE > christmas everyone !!!! 
:) <3 
Good times in the exotic land of Canada :) 
2011 ... senior spring ( graduation . senior week . ) , then summer , then college . should be some good times . 
misses < PROPFIRST > Schreier already . not ready for vaca to be over . 
ya ski team !!!!! girls race tmrrw . woot . 
not ready for another week 
snow snow snow !!!! <3 
hey AP English . Dont forget about your Dubliners essays due tmrrw ! best way to spend the snowday : * cracks knuckles * time to writes mez an essay ! 
I take back what I said to AP . FUCK YOUR ESSAYS . NO SCHOOL TMRRW 
just when I thought I was done with college application stuff ... there is more . X ( 
ski jackets are dope :) possibly the only good thing about today 
thank you ski team for an awesome season . It's been some of the best times . had an awesome time at the pasta party :) 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > . that is all . 
loving the weather ! perfect day for joy riding ... if only i had a car . 
:) had a pretty awesome day despite the starvation . 
im coming home , im coming home , tell the world im coming home , let the rain wash away all the pain of yesterday 
you can't turtle from cancer !!! < PROPFIRST > Schreier Gen Pintel < PROPMALE > Willett < PROPMALE > Manning 
back in NA around 10:30 :( vacation always goes by way too fast 
misses < PROPFIRST > Schreier 
looking back through all the pictures I am tagged in ... there have been some awesome times 
im sorry for not listening 
thank you for an awesome year ski team !!! You made senior year amazing . Im gonna miss you all SO much . GO NADS 
sick X ( 
sick again X ( im kind of upset that i might miss this awesome 10 period day experience 
In honor of Boston Red Sox Opening Day Friday . Put this as your status if you know someone who suffers from being a Yankees fan . Being a Yankees fan is a real disorder and should be taken seriously . There is no known cure for the Yankees fans and sympathy does not help , but we CAN raise awareness 
haters gonna hate :P 
times to writes mez an essay !!! 
there is a distinct point in this essay where you can tell i stopped trying 
wicked good mood and a beautiful day :D 
another great day . but so tired 
loving the weather :D ... but inside doing physics >_< 
physics fml 
always fighting 
toronto tomorrow 
back to NA . misses < PROPFIRST > Schreier 
happy easter 
burlington VT tmrrw 
\and despite all my rage I am still just a rat in a cage . \"" 
Saint < PROPFIRST>'s Class of 2015 :) 
for all those who I was texting and then suddenly stopped ... my phone is tweaking . I wanted to chill but now my parents are taking me out to special \yay you finally decided where you are going\ " dinner ( sorry cast of Sweeny . good luck ) . Hopefully my phone will right itself soon . " 
