I want to be president when I grow up , so I too can spend money I don't have . 

Why do we screw up the things that mean the most to us ? 
We love what we love . Reason does not enter into it . In many ways , unwise love is the truest love . Anyone can love a thing because . That’s as easy as putting a < PROPFEMALE > in your pocket . But to love something despite . To know the flaws and love them too . That is rare and pure and perfect . 
Your past constantly vies for control of your future , but at the end of the day you have a choice . At any time you can decide to be the master of your < PROPFEMALE > , rather \ 
than a victim to your past . Your new beginning can begin today . 
A man has only one escape from his old self : to see a different self in the mirror of a woman's eyes . 
UCONN wins again ! I love march ! 
Sunday morning can't get here fast enough . Hoping for great news . Fingers crossed . :) 
UCONN up by 6 at half . Let's go Huskies ! 
UCONN Big East champs ! Time to go dancing ! 
Today has been a great day so far . Hoping for great news in a couple hours . 
Finally getting to catch up on all the tv I have missed in the last month . Thank god for Hulu . 
The worst prison is a closed heart . 
If you tell someone you will wait for them you will be waiting forever . 
Been at hospital since 4 with chest pain . Doctor says I probably had minor heart attack due to stress . What else can go wrong ? :-( 
You spend years loving someone and when you really need them they aren't there . 
One way or the other everything will change Monday morning . 
Life is about personal choices . You can't live your life waiting on others to make thiers . 
UCONN vs . Cincy Let's go Huskies !!! 
UCONN by 8 at half . :-) Let's go Huskies !!! 
I love < PROPFIRST > Barkley , but WTF is he talking about ? The Big East is the best conference in basketball . Ohio State would have been . 500 in the Big East . 
Time to see if San < PROPMALE > State is for really . 
At < PROPFIRST > in A Million in < PROPFIRST > . About to see if it is as good as advertised on Man vs . Food . 
About to hit the Cheese Cake Factory . :-) 
Love shouldn't be a game of chicken . 
Watching Glee and thinking about someone . :-( 
Bowling with the kids . Wish my baby was here with us . 
UCONN vs . SDst . Let's go Huskies !!! 
UCONN 36 SDSU 27 Half . Let's go Huskies !!! 
UCONN 74 SDSU 67 Final . Bring on Zona/Duke ! 
I miss my baby . Can't sleep . :( 
Every decision you make changes your world forever . 
Success is the best revenge . 
UCONN vs . Arizona tonight for a shot at the Final Four . Can't wait . 
UCONN vs . Arizona about to tip off . :-) Wish < PROPMALE > was here to watch it with me . 
UCONN by 7 at half . :-) 
UCONN wins ! Going to the Final Four ! 
Goodbye Kansas . The last number 1 has fallen . :-) 
The Final Four is set . UCONN vs . Kentucky and VCU vs . Butler . Let's go Huskies !!! 
Hi ho hi ho , off to work I go . Still missing my baby tho . :-) 
:-) UCONN vs . Kentucky tonight . Atleast I get to forget about all the stress for two hours . 
UCONN by 10 at half . Go Huskies !!! 
UCONN WINS !!! UCONN vs . Butler for the national championship monday ! Lets go Huskies !!! :-) 
Sitting outside watching the kids in the pool . :-) 
I think today is going to be a great day . Big ghings happening . :-) 
UCONN vs . Butler . Go Huskies !!! 
My baby boy is sitting on my lap watching the game with me . :-) 
Now my baby boy is asleep in my lap while I watch the game . :-) 
UCONN Huskies 2011 NCAA Champions !!! :-) 
Flash over substance ... :-( 
Some people don't realize what they have until it's gone . And some don't even then ... 
You are the choices you make . 
The most valuable thing in the world is time . It's the only thing you can't get back so don't waste it on people that aren't worth it . 
Today has been a great day ! Had pizza and went bowling with my family . I am really happy for the first time in months . :-) 
It is easy to fall in love . That is why it is called \falling\ " . Once thrill wears off and things get hard then you find out if you really love someone . " 
I have never been number two in anything and I am not about to start now . 
You cant be my soulmate because you have no soul . 
\Listen carefully because I mean every word of it ... \ " \ 
Hello world . Looking forward to another great day . Hoping for good news about my puppy . Love you < PROPMALE > . 
Some ppl just arent worth having in your life . 
We will miss you < PROPMALE > . I love you . 
Your Daily Horoscope - Aries\ 
Changes to your primary relationship are coming , changes that will bring rewards and opportunities to you both . Keep your eyes open for changes involving people you have worked with in the past . While some of these relationships will be challenging , the ultimate changes will be good . 
So do you believe that people can find their soulmate ? I used to . 
You can not change the past . Just learn from it , move forward , and try to atone for your mistakes . 
Good morning everyone . 
I love and miss you < PROPMALE > . I wish there was something I could do to turn back the hands of time and fix everything . I guess only time will tell if the love we share is enough to bring us back together . I will always love you . 
I am going to give you the time you need to figure out what you want and need . I love you and will be here when you are ready . I will help you in anyway you will let me . I will always love you . 
Wake up every day and make yourself a better person than you were the day before . 
There are some people you wish you never met and some people you wish you met sooner . 
About to go to the river to BBQ and go swimming . But I still can't get away from work . Have to take a call at 3 . Ugh ! 
Why would anyone ever get into a relationship knowing they don't want it ? Why tell someone you love them when all you really want is to be single and sleep around ? Can someone please explain that to me ? 
You wouldn't believe it , if you seen it . I watch the skyline light up every evening . Its like I'm dreaming . Baby what I mean is , most of ya'll don't know that this my world . 
