is studying to take the NCLEX . Why does everyone hate on wanting to do nothing with your life ? Lol . Apparently that just isn't an option . 

is lonely . 
Had a great night at Trivia with < PROPFEMALE > and the gang . 3rd Place isnt too bad is it ? But who was there to help me pick up my spare tire on Southside Boulevard after it fell off from the underside of my truck at midnight ? No one . How embarrasing . Lol . 
Had a great night at Trivia with < PROPFEMALE > and the gang . 3rd Place isn't too bad is it ? But who was there to help me pick up my spare tire on Southside Boulevard after it fell off from the underside of my truck at midnight ? No one . How embarrassing . Lol . 
It is hard to be content , when what you really want is out of reach ! 
is it bad that i just want to up and leave ? not forever or anything , just want to be somewhere different , experiencing something new , with no plans , no expectations , no responsibility . i need a vacation . who is up for europe ? australia ? any other suggestions ? just something new . 
Heading to trivia in CC . We better win tonight , and < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > better be there . Jax is pretty lonely when you dont really know anyone . Hoping that will turn around . If you know anyone that works at Baptist , Mayo Clinic , or any other place that needs nurses in Jax or St. < PROPFIRST > , definitely let me know , cause I need a job ASAP . This drive back to Gville every weekend is for the birds . I miss everyone ! 
2nd Place at trivia . I hate finding out that there are others out there smarter than me . Not that that is a hit to my ego , but it's just always nice to have validation of my useless knowledge . Cant all the trivia questions be science and math related ? I wish . < PROPFEMALE > picked up my slack though . Who else is free Wednesday's at 6:30 pm to join ? We could definitely use some other brilliant minds . 
heading back to cc , i dont know why i dont just live there . i end up going back literally 3 days a week . but the parents are needy right now . and moving to jacksonville only made me closer to them then gainesville/chiefland . could be a good thing , right ? 
Far better it is to dare mighty things , to win glorious triumphs , even though checkered by failure , than to take rank with those poor spirits who neither enjoy much nor suffer much , because they live in the grey twilight that knows not victory nor defeat . 
i am so freaking hungry ! i wish my best friend who checks her FB every 4.8 seconds would realize this and go with me to get something . How nice that would be . Otherwise , I could shrivel up and die here in this recliner . Oh Lord ! Please compel her crazy ass to read this and take me to the promised land buffet filled with an endless number of food combinations . Amen . 
You haven’t lived until you laughed so much , that you cried . You haven’t lived until you met someone you couldn’t ever let go . You haven’t lived until you found yourself . You haven’t lived until you looked back on everything and smiled , smiled at the good times and the hard times . Think , what are you doing right now ? Are you living ? 
Isnt a job promotion something your supposed to want and look forward to ? Why am i dreading it ? Seems like the only positive will be the pay . But is it really worth it ? And to think they want to promote me now , after i have seriously considered quitting . Jerks are trying to keep me around ! What do i do ? 
God , I want to snuggle , lol . Too bad the two here right now are too obsessed with their computers and checking facebook to realize the prime opportunity they have to take advantage of me right now . Jeeze ! 
I love life ! I love my roomates ! They bring joy and happiness to my being . I really wish that < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > were married so that I could observe the love and devotion to each other that they share . I truly wish that I had someone as special and perfect like < PROPFEMALE > does ! Ugh ! Maybe someday ! ;) 
Thinking about finding another job . If one full time job is good , isnt two full times job better ? I could put alot of use to 120K over the next year . Money does still buy happiness , doesnt it ? 
my dads not doing well . he is in the hospital again in palatka , im sure he could really use your prayers and support . he is in room 211 if anyone wants to call or wish him well . im sure he would love to know that there are people who care . the number for the hospital is 386-328-5711 . im getting ready to go and see him now , he has a surgery scheduled for tomorrow . keep him in your prayers . 
I wish everyone could just get along . But it is clear that that is impossible . Sometimes you just have to know when to cut your losses and face the music . Can things ever go back to the way they were ? Can people ever really change ? Im hoping the answer to some of these questions is yes , but my heart tells me the real answer is no . Ugh ! 
Wish there was a machine that could weigh the pros and cons of something and make the best decision for me . Seems like I always follow my heart which leads me down a path involving heartache and uncertainty . Maybe that is where all paths lead sometimes . Hmmm . 
Why does it feel like it is 6 billion degrees outside right now . I walked out for 2 minutes and thought i was going to have a heat stroke . Now im lying naked on the floor hoping I can stop the water loss before I die of dehydration . 
I hate that we all can't just get along . I like to forgive and forget but that seems to be very hard for some . 
Had a great day at the pool and need to eat and then go down to cc 
Pondering my life and wishing that I was independently wealthy . Does anyone know the upcoming lotto < PROPFIRST > ? 
Sitting in New Vision Beauty Salon in Jacksonville waiting for my undisclosed < PROPFEMALE > friend to get her snatch waxed . Isn't it great to look 12 again ? 
My undisclosed < PROPFEMALE > friend just said that the waxing lady really knew her way around down there . She would recommend her to everyone . So if you need a deforestation now you know where to go . Happy bush whacking ladies ! 
Poor lady at the VN Nails salon on Baymeadows in Jax . She literally just scraped a pound of skin off each of my feet . Gross yet necessary . 
Oil changes , food , and about to hit the bottle . Eventful day ! 
Working all night ! Not super excited about it , but it is only two days so I can't complain . And to make it worse I have a serious sunburn that I just got before work and literally feels like I have molten lava on my skin ! Lord let me keep my arms ! 
Why are there so many questions in life and no damn answers ? The Lord knows I need some answers ! 
Why do people feel the need to lie ? If they really cared they would just tell the truth so that you could move on . Just hurts when someone you care about lies right to your face and then you have to find out later the truth . Life really sucks sometimes . But I'm trying to stay positive . Probably is for the best ! 
Super excited about seeing the new resident evil movie . Hard to explain how nice it is to spend quality time with people you love and care about . Wish I had people like that . Lol . Just kidding ! 
Don't be owlin ' me ! 
Wow ! Resident evil super sucked . No one should see this movie seriously . Save your money and don't waste your time . I probably would have rather sawed my arm off then seen that for 8 bucks ! Jeeze ! What a letdown . 
Just had my job interview . Could use some prayers ! Lol . Think it went really well though . 
Wishing I wasnt so bored ! House sitting for the parents while they are down in Key West for the holiday . Hope everyone is having fun and being safe ! 
In the hospital on my bday . Super sucks . Especially since this is my first time in a hospital as a patient . Just hoping things get better . 
