Feeling better now finally ! Wrecked on my bike last Sunday- 3 CT head scans later - they tell me the craziness is just inborn . 

Watching < PROPMALE > season 4 opener- Get'em Dex !!! 
I'm one of the lone teeth left on the street . Piece by piece the buildings around me are being taken down . Feel a bit more exposed . 
Just successfully pitched a 3D infused website ! I'll post it when it launches ( Dec . )- I'll get you glasses too !! 
Up late- No work tomorrow for me- YES ! 
Inspired to finally take my books out of boxes and in to the bookcase . wow that feels good ~ 
Absinthe and wine make a great combination !!!! Happy Thanksgiving !!!!! 
Why am I still working !!! Im sick : * 
22 degrees bike ride went great today !! Had to ride through some water and thankfully didn't loose my footing- wet feet on a day like today would have spelled big trouble . 
worked out and rocked out- it might be my favorite combo 
Ate all the food in my house ( over a few weeks of course ! ) . Just have a few almonds left . This is tottally a game for me . Not only does it force me to eat my super healthy foods but l always have lower food < PROPMALE > that month when I do it . WIN !! 
via Pip Pullen-Swope -Average days of public school education : International : 200 ; US : 180 ; proposed Kentucky : 175 . 
Just broke my bathroom mirror . In trying to see who carries the mirror I learned that it's french and cost around $ 1,500 . S# @T ! 
I love seeing movies with my mom !! We watched Shutter Island which was good and then she woke up this morning with an epiphany about the whole story . It's dead-on and actually fulfilled why it would be called a near masterpiece by Scorsese . Unbelievable- YAY Mom ! 
On the walk home today I met a homeless man , had a conversation about his favorite band ( < PROPMALE > and Dun ) and on parting he gave me a < PROPFEMALE > . Then on my door was a bag full of magazines , given to me by my landlady . Spring has Sprung ~ 
Who looks outside , dreams ; who looks inside , awakes . \ 
- Carl\ 
< PROPFEMALE > 
Best Compliment Ever : \What are you like 18 ? \ " soming from a girl in my excerize class in a small evelvator yesterday . AHAAahaha- awesome- I needed that . " 
The theme song to The Never Ending Story was playing in Kroger tonight- somehow my purchases seemed more meaningful ~ 
Did you know . Kentucky is the world’s largest manufacturer of peanut butter and peanut butter products between Jif in Lexington and Algood Foods here in Louisville’s Riverport ? 
45 high key business headshots over 3 days- wheeh- that's a lot of Protography ;) 
