accidently deleted her status & all the chit chat that accompanied it . she still loves this time of year 

I must be tired . . . I've just completed two quizzes . 
now has work at Sugar < PROPFEMALE > on High Street in Harpers Ferry 
the Where the Wild Things Are flick is so wonderful in so many ways 
Telfair was fun , but glad to be nearly home 
The sun is shining and life is good ! 
Wishing everyone a happy holiday ! I'm excited to be hosting for the first time this year ... 
cloudy outside . sunshine inside ! 
Thanks to all those who came out to supprt the < PROPMALE > Club sale . a success thanks to you ! 
is electrified ! 2011 , I love you already . Happy New Year Cats & Kittens ! 
is indulging in a little < PROPFEMALE > makeba ' pata pata ' . goes with sunshine 
thanks for the all warm wishes , peeps 
has misplaced her phone again 8 ( 
excessively uses exclamation points . so much enthusiasm 
needs to return to the task at hand 
determined to get my website updated this month 
just punched in the gut by Frontline ( in a good way ) 
Everyone please watch ' Food , Inc ' Illuminating ! 
one of the best st. < PROPFIRST>'s in memory ! dancing in the kitchen . . . 
off to the pool ! 
is Paying It Forward for CREATIVE people : I promise to send something handmade to the first 5 people who leave a comment to this update . They must in turn , promise to post this and send something they made to the first 5 posters on their status . The rules are that it must be handmade by you and it must be sent to your 5 people sometime in 2010 ! 
Today , the hills were alive with the sound of music ( picture my arms up towards the sky , twirling around in the dress my mother would never let me make 8 ) 
this gardening thing seems to be taking off ! diggin ' it ! ( I know , I know . . . corny . that's me ) 
< PROPFEMALE > ! 
where are my new specs ????????????? 
em & i had an amazing 1/2 hr this a.m. watching a flock of circling & swooping tree swallows feasting on insects in the backyard 
HP 56 & 57 ink cartridges free for any local friends . Have new printer & they don't match . let me know if u can use ' em 
Great Horned Owl who who-ing like mad under a star-filled pre-dawn sky Sunday . . . v . nice ! 
chuffed by so many compliments ! thanks everyone 
thanks for all the auspicious ( 1-11-11 ) birthday wishes ! a wonderful DC < PROPFEMALE > with friends and a lovely snow :) 
Am I the only one who doesn't buy Christian Bale's accent ? phony balogna 
So great to return home to the sound of spring peepers 8 ) 
