Just added more photos !!! 

I'm at home ... I'm on call .... < PROPFEMALE > is in charge so that means it is just a matter of time before it happens .... I hate being on call ... 
Can't wait to go home and get some Zzzzzzzzz's!! Work is awful and hectic .... I am tired of it here already . :-( 
is feeling so left out at work ! Dr. Hart called me an outcast just because I don't have a pencil box !! Ugh !! < PROPMALE > !! Go to walmart STAT !! I need to be cool again !! 
Laughing at Topher for being a fool trying to be charge ..... he thinks he can tell us what to do and er-y-ting !!! 
Going to get some zzzzzzzzz's .... 
Ugh ! This headache is killing me ! I can't stand it ! I can't seem to get rid of it and I feel dizzy . Maybe its a tumor ! Or what if I'm gonna have a \skroke\ " ? Ow ow ow ...... :-( " 
At my daughter pediatricians office . Gonna get a new doctor . This one has poor bedside manner and his wife is rude ! Who do I need to call to report this ! Ugh ! 
Just finished eating Pork chops with rice and gravy .... can't make it like my mom but it was still good . < PROPMALE > said it was delicious but then again , he is expected to say that or else his spontaneous respirations would immediately cease ! 
Is wishing her Mom a happy birthday !! I love you mom ! Hopefully you get a big enough cake to hold all those candles ! Keep a fire exstingusher handy in case you can't blow them all out !! ;-) LMAO ! 
Having a hard time sleeping . < PROPMALE > is on mighty medic 10 tonight giving out complimentary doses of Narcan at our expense . Thanks babe !! Drive a little slower to the OD calls from now on , damn it ! You don't always have to be a hero ! 
Just set up < PROPMALE>'s facebook for him .... Now it's up to him to actually keep up with it . We shall see ............. 
Is looking forward to getting this weekend over and done ! Saturday will be my last shift in the ER and it can't go by fast enough ! < PROPMALE > is working today and I miss his butt already ! 
Well , I was having a great start at work until Dr. Hart ruined it by reminding me that I am not special and my best friend from Kentuckindia will keep me waiting in his office to be seen for my back . She is evil ...... very evil .... 
OK OK !! Dr. Hart .... I love you .... totally ! :-) 
My babe is on the ambulance tomorrow . Kids won't be home until Tuesday . I am gonna be so bored !! I guess I'm gonna do some online shopping since everything is closed tomorrow . 
Nothing is hotter than a sexy fireman nearly busting down the door just to give you a kiss AND take out the trash before dashing out the door for his next call ! My troponin is about 1.5 due to the MI I experienced but it was so worth it ! 
Have to be at my orientation at 8 . Haven't slept all night ! Ugh ! I'm gonna be so miserable ! I hate it when I do this ! 
Is at Doctor's Regional sitting in orientation ..... * yawn * 
Is so sleepy . Going to bed while cuddling with my precious little angels . The only one missing is my < PROPMALE > . I hate being without him but I feel good knowing the west side is safe tonight all because of him . I am so proud of my Boo and all he does to ensure that the hood is all good . ;-) 
Sitting at the doctors office with my boys . They are so funny !!! I love being a mom ! 
Admiring < PROPMALE > as he bakes cookies in the kitchen ..... awwwwwwwww ...... He is such a domestic goddess !!! 
Changed my display name ..... Palacios is my ex husbands last name ..... I don't wanna use it any more than necessary . 
Had a blast with my cute little patient last night ! We played and danced and sang ! To see her go from being on a ventilator and every drip you can imagine to what she is now .... It's like watching a butterfly emerge from a cocoon .. * Sigh * I LOVE MY JOB !!! 
Was On-Call for < PROPFIRST > last night and got called in for the whole shift !! Thanks bitch , HAHA ! On-Call tonight for myself . I pray that the luck of the < PROPFEMALE > is on my side and I can stay home with my kiddos and my fireman but I don't think the ER Gods like me very much ..... 
While driving home from taking my kids to school , a dipshit ran me off the freeway . I overcorrected , ran into another < PROPFIRST > & almost spun out . Luckily , my amazing \Ricky-Bobby\ " skills emerged & I fishtailed a few feet before maintaining control of my car . < PROPMALE > just put new tires on it yesterday . I woulda died had he not done so because my old tires were warped/balding . He is truly my knight in shining fireboots ! " 
Sitting at home on-call ...... dreading the moment that phone rings .... I pray the E.R. Gods will have mercy on me . Day shift called me in around 5 but then cancelled me around 5:45 so I was able to dodge the bullet once already ..... Only 6 more hours to go and I am free !!!! 
I am finally able to have some ' me ' time !!! 
My cat is pregnant . She will soon be sent to live at Dr. Schwirtlich's ranch . If anybody wants FREE kittens , let me know . < PROPMALE > claims to be allergic to the feline population so they can't stay here . Yes Miss Elektra .... I know I made a mistake but she was a misguided teen who slept with all the neighborhood boys . She snuck out on me before I could get her to the vet . 
My < PROPFEMALE > had 6 kittens . If nobody wants them , I am going to have to give them all to Elektra so she can have them featured in \American Curves .. < PROPFEMALE > Edition\ " HAHAHA !! And then Elektra will kick my butt for being such a smart-ass but she loves her BFF and she will forgive me ! " 
< PROPFEMALE > has the WORST fever ! The lowest I've gotten it is 100.4 from 103.8 despite all the tylenol/motrin she's had for the past 2 days . Through it all , she still has her spunk & charm . She demands I call < PROPMALE > home from the station because he knows how to fix her better ! What am I chopped liver ! I barely slept for 2 days to ensure she's OK & she doesn't even want me ! Pinche Cabrona ! :-) 
Loving my Boo and so happy he is healthy and vibrant as he celebrates his birthday today . I look forward to another 90 more . I couldn't have asked the lord for a better puto to spend the rest of my life with ! :-) 
I have the most beautiful sister in the world !! 
I don't understand why total strangers feel the need to converse with me while standing in line at the grocery store . I TRY to be polite but my facial expressions just give me away ..... 
I had to give the \You're NOT supposed to give the dog a piggy-back ride\ " talk to < PROPFEMALE > today ... I can't get that awful blood-curdling yelp out of my head . What to do ... what to do ! This daughter of mine is definitely a handful and I can't give her away because every time I try they just bring her right back ! I guess I will keep her afterall . ;-) " 
I miss my Boo . I hope he is safe tonight ... Gotta be at work in a few hours and I find it hard to rest whenever he is saving lives and not cuddling with me ... The void is horrible ! 
Gonna take the kids to SeaWorld tomorrow !!! \Please God .... let them behave \"....." 
On our way to the land of the whales ... wait , that's Corpus !! I meant SeaWorld !! Thanks < PROPFIRST > for staying at our house so Ashes doesn't freak while we're gone ! Just stay out of our closet ! You might find pictures of you brother in a way you haven't seen since childhood !! HAHA !! except this time , things are bigger !!! :-) 
My 3 little precious babies are in Alaska for 2 weeks and I miss them so much my heart aches !! They drove me nuts when they were home but I would give anything to have them here now . I miss all the little notes < PROPFEMALE > would scribble for me , the boys fighting over the playstation , the running in the hallway , their sticky kisses , drinks spilled on the table ... * sigh * This is awful !!! Just dreadful ! : , -( 
Had to stay home from work today . Got bilateral flank pain , low grade temp , bladder spasms , feel like I have to pee but nothing happens when I try . I have never had a UTI before so this must be it ! I may stop by work tonight and see what it's like to have to wait for 8 hours in the lobby . I'm gonna pace around and give the triage nurse dirty looks every time I pass by the desk !!! HAHAHAHA !!!!! 
Last night I had a sweet , precious lady who endured a mild stroke . I got to be the one who had the privilege of taking care of her . She was so thankful & emotional . It is patients like her who remind me how awesome my job is & how important my role can be in a strangers life . I finally feel like I made a difference & I'll never forget the warmth I felt as we cried together & prayed for a nice recovery . 
I thought I was getting better ! Yesterday , I went to work feeling fine .... Highly medicated but felt better . Today , I am crampy , N/V , and hot flashes . I have taken 4 showers and still feel like shit ! I hate feeling like this when I have so many things I should be doing ... Like being at work !!! I feel guilty for being home but I know I would be useless if I was there . 
Going nighty-night and cuddle with my sweety-pie !! I love feeling his big lumpy muscular arms wrapped around me as I doze off into dreamyland .... ahhhhh .... this is the life !!! Only thing missing are the beautiful angels who we treasure with all of our hearts to come jump into bed with us and bring us back to reality . :-) 
So ready to go back to sleep but it is so difficult when my lil puto isn't home . So I am going to take a nice steamy shower , put some lotion on , floss and brush my chompers , comb my hair , put on some lip gloss , and then go to bed and drift off to dreamy-land and catch some ZZZZZZZ's ........ 
Looking forward to going back to work tomorrow ! I have been fustrated all this week at home feeling sick and lousy ! This wedding planning is frustrating me ! I miss my kids !! My stress level is beyond all comprehension .... I am such a procrastinator and I can't get my shit together ! UGH !!! 
Gonna go to sleep ... Kids are finally coming home in the morning !! < PROPMALE > and I are sooo excited !! We have missed them soooooooo much !! Yay !!!! :-D 
So kids come home from Alaska ... YAY ! Lio comes home with a fever of 105 !! WTF !! Rushed him to the ER and forgot my phone . They tested him for everything . They don't know what the cause is . I didn't realize I was scheduled for work today so I was a no call/no show . I am sure I am in deep shit at work . I am waiting for my punishment which will come on Wednesday . When it rains , it pours ...... 
I think my kids smoke crack ..... They are driving me bazonkers !!!!!!! It was so quiet when they were in Alaska and I missed them like crazy but MY GOODNESS !!!!!!! They are seriously making me rip out my hair !! LOL !!!!!! 
I have a feeling my world is going to get prettier ..... Things are looking bright .... we will see after today is over and done with ..... ;-) 
Looking forward to going to work to try out the new plan and see how it goes .... maybe we can alleviate some of the pressure from the patient demands .... Who knows ... 
Gonna play my CSI game .... I'm in a serious investigation and I am gonna nail that killer !! I have gotten a \master ranking\ " on all my past cases . I should do this in real life !! LMAO !! " 
Going to bed !! < PROPMALE > and I just sipped some of my dad's homemade moonshine ... UGH !!! We can sweat fire !! Holy schmoly !! That stuff is HOT !! 190 million proof !! You have officially killed our liver , dad !! Thanks alot !! Cirrhoses , here we come !! DAMN !!! 
Going to bed !! I love you my < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > !! Them be my bitches !! Love Love LOVE them !! They're the kind friends who will say \NO\ " if you ask them \ " Does this outfit look good on me ? \ " LOL !! Totally honest !! " 
Going to bed ... and then to work tomorrow .... If I still have a job there ... 
Going to finish the final paperwork for my new job tomorrow !! Yippeeeeeee !!!! Love the E.R. but that place has turned to poop and I don't wanna be overworked , underpaid , understaffed , underappreciated , and be on-call . The new place is much better organized and hopefully they will have more appreciation for what I do . 
Donated my pee for my drug screen !! Just FYI , Lortab is a synthetic opiate that does NOT break down into morphine . So , when you have pts who pop positive on opiates , don't blame the Lortab . It doesn't show up on a drug screen . Compliments of your pharmaceutical expert , < PROPFEMALE > !! ;-) 
I have to postpone the scentsy event .... sorry !! I sent an email you all !! I apologize ! 
Went to Kacen's 1st birthday party !! He is too cute !! Went shopping and spent half a grand at fkn Wal-Martz ! Ugh !! Chillin ' in the house drinking some Red while the bombero is grillin ' outside in his underwear . Yeah , it's almost midnight but that's how we do it ! Life can't get better than this ..... 
Happy Birthday to my Lio !! 10 years old !! Wow !! A whole decade !!! My little man is growing so fast !! Bitter sweet ............. 
I LOVE < PROPMALE > POPPYCOCK !!!! LMAO !!! 
Changed < PROPMALE>'s profile pic ..... If I don't answer my phone or you don't hear from me again , just know that I am probably laying in a gutter somewhere with my trachea shoved up my butt ....... HAHAHAHAHAHA !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Going nighty-night . Orientation day #2 tomorrow and then I get to take care of some really cool kiddos !! Life is goooood !!!!!!!!!! 
Totally LOVING the PICU !! The kids are so sweet and appreciative . All they want is to feel better . They are not drug seekers . When they cry in pain , it's genuine . When they smile , it warms my heart . Coming home from work makes me hug my own kids a little tighter and I truly realize how very blessed I am and how good I really have it . This is truly the place for me . <3 
I hate pediatric dosage calculations .... Why can't we just \Call the pharmacy\ " ???? Gosh !!!!!!!! LOL ! " 
Gonna blend me up some < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Juice and < PROPFEMALE > with my Boo .... Life is good !! :-) 
< PROPMALE > PoppyCock Rocks !!! 
Whoa .... maybe a bit too much Vodka in my Ron-Ron this time ..... :-) 
Yep !! Waaaay too much vodka in my Ron-Ron !! Oh yes ...... Nite ...... , \ :{ " 
On September 11 , 2010 ... My < PROPMALE > chopped his finger with an axe while on duty at the fire station . Of all days to get hurt !! 
Got me a big glass of Ron-Ron and gonna cuddle with my Crip while he drinks his beer to numb the pain ... Firemen and their toys !! LMAO !!! 
Anybody down for a scentsy party on Tuesday ??? Let me know !! 
Almost time to bust out the blender and make me some Ron-Ron Juice ! Yes ....... 
The Cowboys really put a damper on my home life ... But I would much rather listen to < PROPMALE > groan than be a fly on the wall at < PROPFIRST > & Adel's house !! Ewwww ..... 
Waiting for the kids to finish getting ready for school !! They need to MOVE faster !! I wanna get back in bed ! 
How do you day babes FUNCTION at this hour ?!?! My Gosh !! I almost wanna vomit . This is my bedtime .... I gotta be at work today sometime . Thank goodness I can make my own schedule today ! I am going back to sleep !!!! 
I hate mornings . Just got home from dropping off kids at school . < PROPMALE > sounds like a 17 year old pug with his intermittent snoring as he sleeps . I want to be him ........ 
< PROPMALE > and I wanna go out but don't know where to go !! Any ideas ??? 
This wedding planning is KILLING me !!!! Ugh ! 
For everyone who absolutely intends to come to my wedding and those of you who are uncertain but will definitely try to attend , please message me your address ASAP so I can get the invitations out . XOXOXOXOXO !! 
It's OK to drop a baby right ?? Don't they bounce ?? LOL !!! 
Happy Birthday Juliene !!! We all <3 you !!!! Have a great birthday !!! XOXOXOXO !!! 
Totally not feeling the congestion that is bumpin ' my face right now !!! UGH !!! I would rather break my vagina bone then feel this way . Not good right now . Not fkn good . 
Oh .... I feel like ass !! UGH !!! 
Most of the adult patients I have cared for have chronic illnesses which are usually not contagious . Kids are little serial killers where their cooties are concerned !! Ugh ! I have the worst bug ever !!! 
I need to send out the rest of my invitations . If you have not sent me your address , please email it to me ASAP . 
If you have NOT sent me your address and ARE planning on coming to my wedding , I am mailing a batch off tomorrow . Email me your address ASAP and STAT and NOW !!!!! 
Going to bed now ... Don't forget to send me those addresses so I can get them off in the morning !!!!! Remember !! As spoken in the ER , I need that shit yesterday damn it !!! :-) 
I think I coughed my lung across the room .... this is misery at it's finest . 
Throat feels like raw burger meat and can't sleep through my cough . This is the longest night ever ! 
I need addresses so I can send out this batch this morning . Email them to me pronto ! Thanks a million my lovely amigos . :-) 
Next batch of invitations going out tomorrow morning . Send addresses please . 
Sent off another batch of invitations . If you have NOT sent me your address yet and you ARE planning on attending , please do so I can get the invite out to you . Thanks a million !! 
Thank you all for the wonderful birthday wishes !!! It truly means the world to me !! I worked the night before so I slept the whole day away . If I could ask for one thing , I wish all of you could be at my wedding on October 30th !! I love you all very much and appreciate having you as my friends and family ! 
Been up since 5 am .... gotta be at work at 6:30 .... FUUUUUdge !!!!!!!!!!!! I'm so going to regret not taking a nap !!!! UGH ! Why do I do this to myself !!!!! 
Worked all night . Haven't slept yet . I'm very overstimulated and frazzled . Gonna try to sleep now . 
Going to bed with my mocoso !! He gives me sweet dreams just being there ...... 
All these cluster headaches are ruining my life !!!!!! 
Don't forget my wedding tomorrow my awesome friends !!! XOXOXOXO 7pm at the Texas State Aquarium !! Be there STAT !!!! 
We did it !!!!!!!!!! 
Loving life ..... I love my family ... I love my friends .... I love laying in bed trying to sleep but am distracted by the sound of < PROPMALE>'s snoring . * sigh * I wouldn't have it any other way . :-) 
I love my job and I now realize that making a difference is not always for the child but more for the broken-hearted mother saying \goodbye \"." 
Thank goodness I was born with 7 livers .... Alcohol can be bad !!! :-) 
Woke up with some volume underload due to alcohol overload . Headache go away !! < PROPMALE > swears by coconut water . Gonna drink some and see how it works ... 
Happy Thanksgiving ! I'm thankful for my awesome kids and amazing husband and fabulous family . Gotta work tonight so no celebration for me . :-( 
Gonna cuddle with my sugarbutt !!! 
Cuddled with the kids all day . They are the best monsters ever !!! I love my babies !! Now maybe I can get a little moment with my Boo before he goes to work ... 
Cuddling with my beautiful puppy dog is priceless . She snores just like < PROPMALE > ... :-) 
Love the PICU !!! LOVE THE KIDS !!!!!!! Awesomest job in the planet . Coudn't ask for a better place to be . I hope they keep me , LOL !! :-) 
I declare mysef the official PICU DJ ... \DJ < PROPFEMALE > P\ " ! I play all the Kidz Bop Jams and < PROPFIRST > Bieber as well as Miley < PROPMALE > . I even get the vented kids boppin ' and dancing in their beds . LMAO !! I LOVE MY JOB !!!! " 
Not liking being home without my Boo .... I miss my hero . :*( 
RIP < PROPFIRST > . You were such a nice cop . You will be missed and loved . We thank you for all you did . You were one of the \good\ " ones . Thank you for being a hero !! " 
She-Ra was awesome . Jem was cool . Not gonna change my pic . Beating your kids makes you a damn fool . They didn't ask to be here . You OWE them your devotion . 
Have 5 days off . I am looking forward to it but I got this little girl at work who has a place in my heart . I kinda wanna be with her too ..... : ' -( 
I hate waking up in an empty bed . Not only do I love my husband , I actually like him too . I just love the way he makes everything so perfect ..... 
I am off to bed ... miss my bombero ....... : ' -( 
< PROPMALE > cared for < PROPFEMALE > last night with her raging fever while I was at work ..... How did I find such a treasure ?? 
Going to cuddle with the esposo for a few hours .... Life is goooooood ....... :-) 
Loved < PROPFEMALE > last night ...... Nobody could appreciate her voice better than me ... and only my Sheeshee could understand how I love my sweet pretty girl jamz .... 
Dear < PROPFEMALE > , I have been a bad girl all year . God already forgave me so it's cool right ? So , uh .. I need a new TV really bad . I also need a new car and a fatter check . Thank you . P.S. Bring the kids some electronics so when the kids don't behave , I can take them away and play with them myself . Thank you . 
Had the best night ever with my fireman ... I am the luckiest girl in the world !! 
My little baby kept me busy at work ... she would cry , I would walk over to her , she then would stop crying , I turn to walk away , there she goes again !! :-) How can I not love this job !!! 
Working in the ICU for kids is awesome ... I feel like I truly make a difference . The parents are so appreciative and their hope makes me want to do more for them . I love my little kids and will always go above and beyond for them . 
I have the coolest kids in the world !! My husband is the most amazing fireman ever ! Im so blessed ...... 
I PASSED THE CINNAMON TEST !! BOOOO-YEAH !!!!! 99% of CCFD fail it so .... IN YOUR FACE FIREMAN PEOPLE !!! 
DAMN !! Just lost a 5th grade pencil fight with < PROPMALE > !! He got some skills , yo !! 
Happy New Year everbody ! I have to work tonight but that ok with me . I look forward to seeing those cute kids I get to take care of . :-) 
Woke up with my throat on fire !! UGH !!! Thank goodness they called me off at work today because I would have had to call in sick anyway . 
I miss my bombero today . I hate it when he works when I am sick . Maybe I should call 911 so he can bring me a cough drop ! I know it sounds stupid but people have called 911 for even dumber stuff . 
Havent slept all night . Ate split pea soup and watched TV . The kids look so sweet as they sleep ....... 
I love my job ... I just hate being nice to parents who give their children substandard care . I am a \Bad Girls Club\ " personality in a \ " Compassionate Nursing Role\ " ... May the good Lord be on my side ...... " 
If I haven't expressed it enough ... < PROPMALE > !! I love you so very much !! Thank you for being the best husband , the hottest fireman , and the best friend and Dad in the world ! The kids and I are so blessed and lucky to have you in our lives !! You complete us ! 
Jersey shore tonight people !! Time to make some motherfkn RonRon juice !! I'm ready !!!!!! 
Shhhhhh ...... Jersey's on ..... Talk to you all later !! :-) 
< PROPFIRST > is my girl !! 
When wrestling with your kids , avoid biting their butt ...... They fart ... 
Got the kids to go practice putting on a magic show for me in another room . I told them to dedicate at least one hour .... I hope it is a long hour . I am very overstimulated by them right now . 
Going to dreamyland . I had a rough night at work . Got pulled to the NICU and I can still hear the dinging , the crying , the beeps , the buzzes , the crying , and the CRYING .... 
I have the coolest job in the world !!! < PROPMALE > thinks his job is better but I think he has the second coolest job . :-) 
Finally settled in at home . My 8 year old little man stayed home because he is sooooo sick . ( Sarcasm intended ) He coughed and sneezed his way out of going to school . After about an hour , he has miraculously recovered and eating chips while watching TV . Damn , I am a great nurse ! Cured in less than 50 minutes !! 
Can't wait for the weather to warm up just a little bit . If one of us is sick , the rest of us follow . I go to work and take care of coughing kids and come home to the same thing .. 
Got a log burning in the fireplace and hear a bird chirping somewhere at the top ... Hopefully the bird will go away . If it falls in , I may have to let it burn which is not what I want to see . I can't let a bird on fire fly in and put my house at risk ...... 
1/3 a bottle of wine down .... Better get some sleep before I head out to work at 6 .... Sweet dreams .. .. 
Well .... I guess I have to change my personality to match my zodiac ... 
You have a cough ? Go home tonight , eat a whole box of Ex-Lax – tomorrow you’ll be afraid to cough . ~ < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > 
What does FML mean ??? I may have an idea but I am not sure ..... 
I tried on < PROPMALE>'s firefighter gear .... I like scrubs much better ! That stuff is too heavy and I cant walk it .... Ugh !! 
< PROPFEMALE > poked me ... I liked it !!! LMAO !! I love you , hooker !!!! XOXOXOXO !!!! 
Nothing like being awakened by a hot fireman kneeling at your bedside and gently kissing your forehead .... I love my life .... 
Why do babies cry soooooooo much ?????? Ugh .... 
My back is killing me ... Ugh !!! :-( 
Time to go to sleep and dream about this hot fireman named < PROPMALE > who I have a serious crush on ... I can't stop thinking about him .... ;-) 
I have the best job in the world ! I actually get to take care of the coolest little people in the whole wide world ! I get to play with them , do hair & nails , read stories , tell funny knock-knock jokes , and do puppet shows with tongue depressors & cotton balls ! I actually get PAID to party !! Nothing warms my soul than to make a miserably ill child giggle ! Ahhh , life is goooood !!! :-) 
I don't understand why people try to hate on me and make me feel like its my fault they are miserable within themselves . Don't hate me cuz I'm cool !! 
I'm always amazed to hear of air crash victims so badly mutilated that they have to be identified by their dental records . What I can't understand is , if they don't know who you are , how do they know who your dentist is ? - < PROPFIRST > Merton 
The great philosopher Adel Garcia has spoken ... \Misery loves company\ " ... I love her !!! " 
I hope I get to stay home tonight and spend time with my husband and kids ... I miss them so much !! I love my awesome family !! :-) 
Love my job but love family time even more !! So glad to be able to indulge in these rare moments . :-) 
When you are sitting home alone in freezing weather , no feeling is better than having an ambulance pull up and a hot fireman rush into your house just to make sure you are OK and put his warm lips on yours as he kisses you sweetly . I love how our city makes sure their citizens are safe !! 
< PROPFEMALE > was very excited over the \Dark Out\ " at school for 2 hours when they lost power . Haha ! " 
I would like to thank the wonderful staff at Driscoll Children's hospital who either walked or drove us to our cars after work Friday morning and made sure our cars were safe to drive . It's nice to see they take care of their staff !! I worked at another facility in 2004 when it snowed on Christmas < PROPFEMALE > . After work , we were on our own and nobody cared how we got home . I love my job and am blessed to be there !! :-) 
Anybody wanna be a police chief in Nuevo Laredo ?? They hire for that position every couple of weeks in case you are interested .... 
