Home with the parentals and grandma ..... 

Going to the river , mile marker 39 , highway 2 !! 
Doing nothing at the parental's house is nice every once in a while 
Had fun with my two best buddies , going to miss one of them dearly ...... Good luck to < PROPFIRST > Matthews and < PROPFIRST > on your new adventure !!!! Love you ! 
Got the job in the ER !!!!!! Whoo hoo ! 
Tired of BOYS ! 
I just saw a commercial for an Obama Ch ch ch < PROPFEMALE > pet ...... WTF ? 
When you realize things about yourself that 2 minutes ago you were oblivious to , you feel so free in one moment then you notice all the things you need to start to change .... 
You can run away from your home , but you can't run away from your pain ..... 
hungover ...... ugh ! 
Going to Levenworth with the family nice and early tomorrow morning .... OH ! JOY ! 
I'm tired and wanna go to sleep .... These night shifts really seem to take forever ! 
Ugh ! I'm done with today ! Tired and on day 8 of 10 days of working in a row .... :-/ 
Blind Side is a great movie !! 
Wish me luck on my math test ..... Yuck ! 
I want to move ! 
Got a B on psych test :-) 
Riddle me this : the man who made it , didn't want it , the man who bought it , couldn't use it , the man who used it , didn't know it . What is it ? 
Going to Vegas bitches !!!! 
Last night of 10 days of work . Plan is to not spend any money this weekend and save it for Vegas , this is going to be hard .... ;) 
THIS TOWN NEEDS AN ENEMA !!!! 
10 days until I am in VEGAS !!! So stoked !! 
Vegas in 5 days ! 
Leavin , on a jet plane , to Vegas and I'll be drunk soon ! 
Just played slots for 6 hours ... Omg ! 
Loving la < PROPFEMALE > Vegas !!! 
No sleep for me .... : ' -( 
Why do we have allergies , I mean really , you live some where your whole life and then BAM ! I have allergies and am allergic to where I live ! WTF ? Really ? 
Love it when you try to leave and your tire is completely shot !!! Just great ! 
Just another ..... 
Jjust two more days of work and I'm off for a few !!!! 
Out with the old and in with me .... 
What am I going to do today ?? 
Today I had my debit card stolen and aparently I went to Wal-Mart , Little Caesar's , and < PROPFIRST > Meyer in Marysville ....... SOB's I hate this ! 
I love my bed !!! 
Can not complain about today at all ! 
I miss the rain .... 
4 days off ! Whoot whoot !! 
Happy 21st birthday < PROPFEMALE > ! Goin out was a blast , this night was epic ! 
The \outer limits\ " can be trippy ! Whoa ! " 
Why is everyone so obsessed with shark week ? 
I'm so tired !!! 
What a day ... 
Just liking the fact that I don't really have to do much more the rest of today . 
All work and no play makes < PROPFEMALE > a dull girl 
Totally out of my element ! Haven't been this challenged in a while .... It's good ! 
Going skydiving on Sunday !!! Anyone want to come with ??? 
I strogly recommend skydiving to anyone who has balls ! 
All the crazies come out at night ! 
The world needs more night owls so I'm not alone so often ! :-) 
Let your fears go , you might find your way back home . Let your fears go , you might find that you're not alone ... 
Who would've thought that a NASTY accident closing north and south bound routes on freeway could turn a 15 minute drive into an hour and ten minute drive ? FML ! 
Since when is it cool to put stickers of bullet holes on your car ? 
I got 99 problems , and they are all bithches ! ;-) 
Two washington apples and a shot of patron down ...... Many more to come !!!! 
< PROPMALE > Matthews , here I come !!!! 
Here come the hotsteppah ! \ 
http://m.youtube.com/index?desktop_uri=%2F&gl=US#/watch?xl=xl_blazer&v=l7MK5Esy-L0 
Loving this evening shift compared to nights .... There's still time to go out ! :-) 
There's nothing better than driving at night and listening to chivelle ! 
Loves a pedicure ! I'm melting in the chair ! 
Leaving for < PROPFEMALE > now ! Gimme some fried chicken n ' potatoes !!!! 
I have never felt so white in my life !!! Omg ! 
Boy are the seasons changing ....... In more ways than one ! 
Walt Disney is an asshole ! 
Beauty hides in the deep , but it's still hard to find . 
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Lost a friend , gained some knowledge , life goes on and the cycle starts at one again this night ... 
Smoking a clove , hanging out with friends and loving life ! :-) 
Man , I feel like the weather today ! Unsure what I want to do , foggy and cold , amongst many other things . 
Watching Hook and trying to stay awake ..... Rufio , Rufio , Rufi ....... OOOOHHHHHHHH ! 
Rain , rain , go away .... Oh wait , it's not raining . It's in my head . I need a hurricane .... 
In bed , watching a movie and doing homework ...... Hmmmmmm .... 
The < PROPFEMALE > is so pretty tonight ! 
Hmmmm , I wonder if I should be flattered that my psych teacher only responded to my discussion post out of 40 students ..... ^_^ 
Needs a serious back rubbbbbb !!!!! 
Some peoples kids ...... Some peoples kids ...... 
I want to go to Oktoberfest , anyone want to come with me ? :-) 
I think forever is an idea , not a reality . Nothing truly is forever . Everything has it's limit , some longer than others but it all ends eventually . 
Gotta get a good grade on my math exam tomorrow , so stressed out about it !! 
3.5 hours of sleep before work ? Or , 3.5 hours of homework ..... Think I'll sleep ! 
THIS SONG IS AMAZING !!! The Lyrics are beautiful and perfectly worded . 
Just finished my homework for the week ! Whoot whoot ! Now I can sleep soundly , not have dreams about it , and enjoy my weekend after work !! :-) <3 
I actually sang karaoke tonight !!! Whoa ! 
I hate always being the last one up ..... 
There is no theory of evolution . Just a list of animals < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > allows to live . \ 
\ 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > can divide by zero . 
Mountains got their first round of snow !!!! Oh yeah ski season hopefully soon !!!! 
??? ?????? ? ????? ??? ???? ?????? 
Making acorn squash soup and grill cheese sandwiches for lunch !!! We will see how it turns out :-P 
< PROPFEMALE > running thin , eyelids getting heavy , teeth need to be brushed , throat starting to hurt a bit ...... I need my bed ! 
Tummy is aching . 
Can someone say Jethro TULL ???? 
Happy Veteran's day dad , Uncle < PROPFIRST > , Uncle Brain , Aunt D , Grandpa < PROPMALE > , Grandpa Muizers , and all everyone else ! Thank you ! :-) 
At borders studying , drinking a coffee and listening to radiohead :-) I <3 today ! 
Ok , Amazing Race ..... Who wants to go with me ?!?!?! 
Weird movie .... Bicentennial man ..... Creepy ! 
< PROPFIRST>'s is only a foot shy of what they need to open !!!!! Whoo hoo !!! 
Tis the season for hot cocoa , layers , scarves , mittens , frost , snow , rain and holidays with the family ! I love it !! 
Awesome , WTF ? Just got a message from some random ass stranger who's fetish is wearing diapers .... Do people really get off on that , of all things ???? Ridiculous ! What has the human race become ???? 
Has had enough of this world !!!! 
It's snowing powdered sugar outside !!!! 
Wish that the wind wasn't present in addition to the snow :-/ 
Good job chargers !!! 
Wow ! People in range rovers and BMWs doing burnouts on ice in a parking lot full of cars ..... Smart ? 
Gin and sprite ! 
Nervous about driving to work in a few hours ..... I need to get some chains or something ... 
Sitting here distracted and should be writing my paper ..... UGH !!! 
Just finished my paper , YAY ! Now I can go home and try to sleep before work again in 3 hours ..... FML ! ;-) 
Needs a back message , something fierce !!! :-/ 
Happy thanksgiving y'all! Eat your hearts out ! 
Getting my ass kicked on a run around the country club with < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Watching old home videos and putting the Christmas tree together ! :-) 
Some people just need to get the hint ... 
Is totally watching \cosmos\ " and studying for her Psych exam ...... Ehhhh ... " 
:-) 
Oh yeah ! Just dropped my skis off at the shop for tuning ! Can't wait to shred ! 
Brrrrrrrrr it's cold out here ! 
Don't you wish there was an option to dislike things on here instead of only to like ? 
Favorite quote of the night , \where's the pee pee can ? \ " lmao ! " 
You can still lie while telling the truth ... 
Going on a date Thursday ! :-( ) 
Christmas party ! 
Watching the lunar eclipse :-) 
In bed , but not asleep ... Hmmmmmm 
Feeling quite sick to my stomach today .... This sucks ! 
Wants to be done with whatever this is that I have !!!! Still can't eat ! 
FML !!!!!!!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to everyone ! HO < PROPFEMALE > tha 3rd pwr ! 
Playing call of duty Nazi zombies with grandpa on Christmas eave ..... Awesome ! 
???? ????????????!! 
You know you shouldn't be on the road when you wanna play bumper cars with all the < PROPFIRST > holes on the road that don't pay attention to speed limit signs !!!!!!!!! 
Watching ..... Return to the blue lagoon . Milla Jovovich is so HOT ! The guy from the original was way better looking and a better actor . This is what life comes to when you're sick I guess . Critical and attracted to the same sex ! Ha ! Ha ! 
It's snowing , a little bit ! :-D 
Gotta love apartment life .... You hear EVERYTHING everyone else is doing ...... 
Really really wants some pizza with sausage an mushrooms !!!!!! 
Going to the Seahawks game on Saturday !! Whoot whoot ! 
Hey , you shut your face ! If I wanted to hear what you had to day , I'd put my fist up your ass and move your mouth like a puppet ! 
Temptation is a man's excuse , but a women's weapon ... 
I don't wanna be the girl sitting in her apartment alone , I wanna be the girl who's off on an adventure or on a safari with the one she loves .... 
I live in the ghetto ...... :-/ 
\Guess some people still haven't learned to put \ " the raincoat\ " on . \ " My favorite quote of the night . " 
Elide all tedious formalities and small talk . 
At the MP ball now ... 
This flight seems incessant , with all my little cat naps and bazaar dreams I've been having , cookies , drinks , and garbage pick up rounds .... It's like Time Travel but all you need is copious amounts of it !!!! Lol 
Boy , I have earned my paycheck tonight ! Done with job one after 12hrs of chaos and off to job #2 ..... :-/ 
Glutton for punishment ......? Me ! 
Looooooves spinach !!!!!! 
Who wants to be square and go to the < PROPMALE > potter exhibit with me ?? 
Wants to get the funk out of here and escape to Greece , my second home but first in my heart . I'm tired of this place and the people who cohabit this continent . There's no more culture here , respect , or class ! 
Happy fricken < PROPFIRST>'s day ... 
Don't gimme your tude because I'm not in the mood ! Snap snap biotch ! ;-) 
Great day ! :-) love you < PROPFEMALE > ! 
It's raining fluff ! Fluffy rain ! Whoot whoot ! 
< PROPFIRST > Franco is yummy and < PROPFEMALE > Hathaway looks too skinny ! 
Any organization is like a tree full of monkeys , all on different limbs at different levels . Some monkeys are climbing up , some down . The monkeys on top look down and see a tree full of smiling faces . The monkeys on the bottom look up and see nothing but assholes . 
Banana hammocks are solely meant for trees ... 
TV show \Apprentice\ " ....... These people get fired and still have pockets full of money ... " 
Can't seem to drink enough water . 
Praying for red ! 
Has the worst migraine headache and neck ache ! So uncomfortable ! 
What a beautiful day ! My windows are open ! 
I love to dance in the shower ! 
Thanks so much to all of my friends for the birthday wishes . Today was a great day ! Love you all !!! \ 
-peace 
Loves that it's not too cold to have the window open and the frogs are out ! :-) 
The universe is shaped like the earth ! \ 
- modest mouse 
F my life right now ! 
I VOTE THAT ALL PLASTIC BE BANNED !! 
