At home with < PROPFIRST > !!!! 

Watching kids is sooooo boring 
I can't wait for my party !!!!!!! 
I GOT 11 MORE DAYS !!!!! TILL I TURN 16 !!!!! 
Today's gonna be so awesome cause I get to start making my dress for the party !!!!!! XD 
Into a place , where thoughts can bloom . Into a room where it's nine in the afternoon . And we know that it could be . And we know that it should be . And you know that you feel it too . ' Cause it's nine in the afternoon . Your eyes are the size of the < PROPFEMALE > . You could ' cause you can so you do . We're feeling so good , just the way that we do when it's nine in the afternoon ..... 
Love sucks . I had a guy but we're not together anymore . I understand why , and I'm not angry at him . It's just that now I'm back to my problem . I just want to feel loved , that there is someone out there who thinks I'm special . I know it sounds lame and totally dumb , but it's what I want . Is it really too much to ask to be loved ? 
Omg I had the best party ever !!!! I loved my dress , my mask , and AAAAALLLL my friends !!!! It was amazing !!!!! And I just might have a boyfriend !!!!! 
Oh my goodness !!!! I love my boyfriend !!! He's so nice , and wonderful , and thoughtful !!! And when I'm sad , he always cheers me right up !!!! I haven't felt this happy in soooo long !!!!! 
I is bored !!! I'm with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > and we want to do something , but we don't know what ..... And I REALLY miss < PROPFIRST > !!!!!!!!!!! I HATE BEING BOOOOORRRRRREEEEEEDDDDDDD !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I'm bored again , only now I don't have any friends to distract me !!!!!! And I still miss < PROPFIRST > ..... 
I'm sad . I love being in the Music Man , but I can't wait until it's over . I miss < PROPFIRST > so much , and I don't want to talk to him at rehearsal because I don't want to distract him and make him mad at me ..... I want to see him so much . I miss him like crazy !!!!!!! 
Tonight's show was amazing !!!! Everyone did a wonderful job . And I got to kiss < PROPFIRST > in the parking lot , so I'm reeeaaallllyyy happy !!!! Good night everyone . See ya tomorrow 
I will always miss him . I love you < PROPFIRST > , and I always will . No matter what , you will have the key , and you will always be my < PROPFEMALE > bun . I hope nothing changes between you and I . I want summer to come as fast as possible . I meant my promise , and it's still there . No matter what , it's still there ....... 
Wow , it's been a long week ! But now I'm a certified lifeguard !!!!! But I have several things on my mind , I just hope this wonderly fantabulous week will help me figure things out . See ya tomorrow at school !!!! 
Woo hoo !!! Staying the night with < PROPFIRST > ! And tomorrow we are having friends over for some games ....... 
I might have to wait , I'll never give up . I guess it's half timing , and the other half's luck . Wherever you are , whenever it's right . You'll come out of nowhere and into my life ..... I know someday that it'll all turn out . You'll make me work , so we can work to work it out . And I promise you , kid , that I give so much more than I get . I just haven't met you yet !!! 
Yea ! I finally have a job ! I mean ' it's only babysitting , but it's still a job !!!! Woo whoo !!!!!! 
Yea ! Party at < PROPFIRST>'s after working today ! This is a good Saturday !!!! :D 
GRRRRRRRRRRRRNESSSS !!!!!!! I don't get this ! There is NO way they are right ! It's impossible ! And yet I'm still very confused about it , annoyed that they won't drop it , and very sad for some reason ........ I need help :-( 
Gah ! This is soooo stupid ! Why the F am I crying so much ?! What is wrong with me ? And please , no one ask why I'm crying cause all I'm gonna say is that I don't F-ing know 
I WIN !!!!! I know how I can be right , instead of my friends * cough*STEVIE*cough * I LIKE < PROPFIRST > !!!! There , I said it , so I'm right ! I win !!!!!! Yea , I admit it , I like < PROPFIRST > and I miss him ALOT !!! 
I'm really happy that I got to see < PROPFIRST > today ! It made my day sooooo much better !!!!! Who knows what will happen tomorrow ........ 
OMG < PROPFIRST > gave me something special today , and I got to see him at lunch and 6th hour , and .... and ........ lots of cool stuff ! I can't wait for Monday so I can see him again ! 
I is uber bored and want someone to talk to !!!!!! I feel lonely ......... 
* sigh * I forget how much I love the movie Igor ..... It's such a cute movie :D 
WOOOOO WHOOOO !!!!! I just got home from Texas and so far , I'm having the most AMAZING day ever !!!!! :D 
This time baby , I'll be bulletproof !!!!! 
I am Freak Show , ringleader of Circus Gothica . I encourage you to show your true colors , and by colors I mean BLACK . Show the world that your attitude is darker than or eyeliner and your passion runs deeper than your thick blood . Prepare to be horrified , scarred , and nightmared for years to come !!!! 
YAY !!!!! I'm finally gonna get my hair cut !!!!! Who wants to see what it looks like when I get it cut ?! Lolz 
Yay , as much as I love < PROPFEMALE>'s mom , I don't like it . All she cut was my bangs and that looks like they were cut straight then at the last inch cut diagonal . So I'm gonna have her layer my hair and have my dad fix my bangs 
This sucks ... I'm sad .... 
I like it at the foot of my bed . lolz 
You know what's fun ? Dressing up dolls on the computer . It's a great way to kill time . I know some great websites if anyone wants to know : ) 
Oh , somewhere deep inside of these bones an emptiness began to grow . There's something out there , far from my home ; a longing that I've never known . 
I love Sharoan and Sakura !!!! XD 
Yay ! Tomorrow I'm gonna spend all day with < PROPFIRST > ( meeting his family ) and I get to see the < PROPMALE > Potter movie ! This is gonna be an awesome weekend !!!! XD 
So I didn't die meeting his family or going to church with < PROPFIRST > . I actually enjoyed it . And I realized that I spent 12 hours with him on Saturday , which apparently was our 5 month anniv . So , that's awesome ! 
I feel like such a dork . I went into Hot Topic today and I squealed \OMG THATS SO COOL ! I WANT IT ! \ " at every < PROPFIRST > Skelington item and a dress with skulls .... I think I'm officially obsessed .... " 
I really don't like my parents . They so freaking stupid , and I can't take them anymore . Anyone willing to either kidnap me or hide me in their house if I run away ? And please , no closets . I'm not that small .... 
Je déteste < PROPFEMALE > vie . Mes parents me rendent dingue , < PROPFEMALE > sœur ne partira pas , et je n'ai pas d'amis . Personne ne parle ja < PROPFEMALE > is de moi . Je n'aime pas se plaindre parce que certaines personnes sont pire que moi . Mais je déteste toujours < PROPFEMALE > vie . Je déteste tellement la vie , je voudrais ... Je ne sais pas ce que je souhaite . Je déteste cette vie .... 
hola !!!!! me llamo < PROPFEMALE > , y me encanta mi novio mucho !!!!! \translation \"- You've been fb hacked < PROPFEMALE > !! Love you ;) " 
When you see my face , I hope it gives you HELL !!! 
Don't be such a kumquat !!!! lolz 
Give me envy , give me malice , give me attention . Give me envy , give me malice , baby give me a break . When I shotgun , you say wedding . Shotgun ! Wedding ! Shotgun ! Wedding ! 
Not liking life . No one talks to me , the one who does is gone for a few days . No one makes plans with me , I'm not included in anything . If I'm such an amazing friend , then why does no one ever think of me ? I feel so invisible , kinda . I'm there , but no one sees me . Everyone is so tight with others that I'm officially squeezed out . It's whatever , I don't need anyone anyway . 
I just found out from Celebrity Oops that on the set of Twilight , < PROPFIRST > Pattinson tried to lift up < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > and pulled his hamstring . He then had to have his butt massaged so they could continue filming . That TOTALLY just made my day ! Like if you agree : ) 
I love music ! It's so much fun to jam to !!!!! 
I'm probably gonna burn for this , ain't no lesson to learn from this , there's nothing i'm gonna earn , but it sure is fun : ) 
I would like all my Facebook friends to comment on this status about how you met me . But I want you to LIE . That's right . Just make it up . After you comment , copy this to your status so I can do the same ! : ) 
Best birthday ever ! Thanks to all the people who made it so amazing , there's no way it could have been better ! I love all you guys so much ! The icing on top of the cake ? I got my prom dress in today ! :D 
< PROPFEMALE > Grape 
