The new episode of doctor who was better than what Kirill Kiselev said it was . 

needs to seriously consider stabilizing his sleep schedule 
ride the walrus 
Have you ever tried simply turning of the TV and hitting your children . 
We're whalers on the < PROPFEMALE > . We < PROPFEMALE > a harpoon . But there ain't no whales , so tell tall tales , and sing our whaling tune . 
With my last breath , I curse Zoidberg ! 
is drinking dark beer while brooding on dark thoughts . ( totally watching the tudors ) 
True strength does not come from the knowledge of how to strike , but from the wisdom of when to strike . 
may very well hopelessly be a INTJ . 
You watched it , you can't unwatch it ! 
Not swine flu ! NOT SWINE FLU !!!!! 
hooka + laptop = great idea 
watching GITS , cause for me , its basically porn . 
massive paper writing on controlled substances , stay clean and responsible everyone ! :P 
kind'a .......... sort'a ............. honestly ........................ wishes he could be an earthbender . There , I said it ! 
ODIN !!!!!! 
Its just like the story of the grasshopper and the octopus . All year long the grasshopper kept burying acorns for winter while the octopus mooched off his girlfriend and watched TV . Then the winter came , and the grasshopper died , and the octopus ate all h 
since when did it turn night in the morning ? 
We're born in the vault , we die in the vault . 
Oh no , my shrink was right , god does hate me ! 
drinking < PROPMALE > beer out of a < PROPMALE > mug 
hot sauce , what can't you make better ? 
< PROPFIRST > Zimmern is my hero 
District 9 anyone ? 
Ponyo is a shit storm of uplifting thoughts ...... icky . 
mmmmm hot saki , oh the simple things . 
untrue to popular belief , I am not a goat . 
Thats right ladies and gentlemen , if you call this toll free number , you too could be a bacon salesman ! 
my FF9 discs work on my PS3 , yay ! 
IS HOLDING YOUR FAMILY HOSTAGE 
tell me about your bananas 
Yay for broken carbonmonoxide detectors ! long morning , back to sleep 
carbon monoxide detector replaced , CO level 0ppm , yay 
did someone say pumpkin spice latte ? hell yeah they did 
Smoking hooka and reading < PROPMALE > case law . 
if someone asks you to go for a ride on their big green tractor , you say no ! 
it's .... cold ? 
in case you are wondering , they are playing an FF7 song on the radio , its ok 
It's Manhattan style , see ? Little < PROPMALE > Curry goes to New York . Mild , for kids . 
google is being creepy again , why crop circles ? 
during hard times we should never forget these immortal words , \Do a barrel roll ! \"" 
< PROPMALE > case briefs , yaaaaaay 
new protomen = the shit 
MY CABBAGES ! 
time to be serious , boooooooooooring 
< PROPFIRST > Mignone survives me ! 
can you guess what < PROPFIRST > is doing ... is it case briefs ?.... I think soooooo 
is now willing to state that his headache was not based upon sinus pain but rather a migraine . Reversed and Remanded . 
lives in a hole , but its okay , because it's a hole filled with < PROPFEMALE > ! 
making brats , who wants my brats !?! 
honor the gods ! 
can't stop watching Penn and Teller's Bullshit , I think its becoming a problem . 
thinks you're all fracking cylons , deal with it ! 
4 out of 5 doctors agree , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > is a cylon . The fifth doctor ? Gaius Baltar ! 
Words . Nothing but sweet , sweet words that turn into bitter orange wax in my ears . 
took your < PROPFEMALE > , and no , he is not going to apologize . 
Stop ! Stop ! If you interrupt the mating dance the male will become enraged and maul us with his fearsome gonad ! 
has a job , yay ! 
\You have to leave the city of your comfort and go into the wilderness of your intuition . What you'll discover will be wonderful . What you'll discover is yourself . \ " - < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > " 
\Never get Freudian on a man holding a pickle . \ " - < PROPFIRST > McCoy " 
its ok to be a little gaius baltar , even when you are a lot gaius baltar 
Before proceeding any further , I should really examine my motivations for doing so . Staying in the game , I run the risk of losing my entire stake and being humiliated in front of all these lovely people . 
trusts everyone remembered to vote Saxon . 
I don't know how they did it , but Borderlands has taken all my favorite games and put them into one ..... 
For about 10 minutes while reading an article for a research paper I believed the words \Time Trends\ " were actually \ " Time Lords\ " and that I was reading an article about time travel . I believe now that I should take a break and collect my thoughts before going to class . " 
so say we all ! 
Is it wrong that all of my paper topics are coming straight from BSG ? Only if you love Sagittarons . 
It holds out the hope of heaven and the threat of hell , as the appointed and appropriate motives of a virtuous life : in this falling far below the best ancients , and doing what lies in it to give to human morality an essentially selfish character , by disconnecting each man's feelings of duty from the interests of his fellow-creatures , except so far as a self-interested inducement is offered to him for consulting them 
just put two and two together , there can be whalers on the < PROPFEMALE > ! 
holy ...... crap ........ doctor who ..... new episode ........ EPIC !!!! 
The laws of time are mine , and they will obey me ! 
wait , history channel finally stopped airing conspiracy theories 24/7 and has gone back to WWII , sweeeeeeeeeeet ! 
all < PROPFIRST > wants to do is eat your brains , he's not unreasonable , he's not gonna eat your eyes 
the snow is a lie , everyone stop lying !!!!! 
nothing quite like watching someone put a sledge hammer through your bathroom wall to get you ready for the day 
< PROPFIRST > Armine , < PROPFIRST > Mignone , < PROPMALE > Cylon McKillhumanity < PROPMALE > , the time has come , CHANGE PLACES !!!! 
........ fuck cold 
cold + dry = shock 
why yes , all this snow is making me feel incredibly confined , how about you ? 
your god has forsaken you and has condemned you to shoveling , how does that make you feel ?!?! 
get yo grails duuuuuuuudes , its par-tay night 
that was fun , now back to reality , boooooooooooooring 
Sherlock Holmes = greatest movie 
you're boring , stop being boring 
it has been almost two weeks since Christmas , and I still have an entire case of beer remaining ...... whose thirsty ?!?! 
the cold is LIFE AFFIRMING 
goddamn sn-inus headache 
Sleep is a naturally recurring state of relatively suspended sensory and motor activity , characterized by total or partial unconsciousness and the inactivity of nearly all voluntary muscles . 
when I grow up , I want to be < PROPFIRST > Adama 
really , its the bees that make me most uncomfortable 
Alright mr. < PROPFIRST > Armine , the IT crew is a hilarious show , and now I'm addicted , ARE YOU HAPPY NOW ?!?!?! 
why no , they haven't plowed the roads , and no , I'm not going to work today 
welcome to southeastern < PROPFEMALE > , now with more snow than the winter olympics ! 
Apparently when a Toyota Highlander completely loses traction and control it makes loud beeping noise and flashes a red light . I was fairly convinced , while on my delightful trajectory towards the closest tree , that there were incoming enemies from the rear . 
Is it bad that as a criminal justice student watching Batman beat the crap out of criminals helps me relax ?.......... anyway , back to paper writing 
Ok , not that its a bad thing , but I really need to find out exactly what it is that makes people assume I'm British , I getting tired of having to respond to questions like , \what made you come to the US ? \ " and \ " How are you enjoying this country ? \"" 
hopes he is lucky enough to be Dr. Wily someday 
I didn't know a foot of snow looked like water ! Live and learn , I guess . 
Scotch to calm the mind , food to calm the stomach , BSG to calm to the soul . This is a solid plan , all be it unhealthy . 
Why I don't buy scotch more often I'll never know .......... oh wait , money , right 
Ponyo Ponyo , fishie by the sea 
Rough and tumble weeks are rewarded with booze and video games about serial killers ! 
did they add all the seasons of Highlander to netflix streaming ? why yes , yes they did .... I know what I'm doing now 
for those of you who may not have seen it , yes , The Hurtlocker really did deserve to win , and so did < PROPFEMALE > Bigelow 
Thanks for the birthday wishes y'all 
damn you FFXIII , I have things that need getting done , stop eating my time ! 
hasn't decided if he absolutely loves or hates research , but has a feeling he is about to find out . 
Knows who the Origami killer is ! 
futurama marathon ? after finishing a long crazy paper ? HELL YES ! 
This guy ! : 0 ->-< 
out of redbull !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! death 
the best part of migraine auras is knowing that in the next 30 minutes your gonna wish you were dead ! 
traditional < PROPFEMALE > music on the radio , thats cool though I'm not really sure why its on , maybe I should read peoples status updates to find out why ! 
apparently the texas board of education has decided we are no longer a democracy , and no thats not a joke , they decided we are a constitutional republic and not a democracy 
figured it out ! the ' f's in FFXIII stand for the grades its gonna cause me to get in my classes ! 
if you go to a Chinese cultural center buffet that serves a drink called Maotai that you seem to love when everyone else hates , it is not in turn a good idea to drink EVERYONE'S around you ......... ouch ouch ouch 
It's actually a pretty simple formula : anytime I can work Batman into a paper , I will work Batman into a paper . 
I don't want the impoverished and middle class to get healthcare , I want to pay pharmaceutical companies 10 times the rate for medicine than Canada and then get arbitrarily dropped from they health insurance , I demand that I pay at least 1/5 of my income for healthcare ...... I make sense ! 
watch Justified , love Justified , its that simple 
really hates when supreme court decisions decide they need 20 pages of dribble explaining why the issue is important ....... back to < PROPFIRST > v . Ohio ! 
wow , I have to wake up so early tomorrow that my phone has set my alarm for night mode ........ fun 
back to back House marathons ? how could I lose ! 
sometimes life just feels like your on Kobol :P 
summer ale ?!?! but its barely even spr .................... chug chug chug 
you know , bbq is a wonderful metaphor for life , every once and awhile you light your face on fire 
fish custard ?!?!?! 
is pumping himself up for more doctor via netflix , yaaaaaaaay 
' s mind rebels against stagnation ! 
days like this I wish we hadn't taken out the air conditioners for summer .... oh wait , we didn't , laziness wins the day ! 
has come to the definite conclusion that the more activities he engages in at one time , the better he can concentrate on each one of those activities respectively . Thus is the way of ADHD ! THUS IS OUR WAY !!!!! 
netflix added all of firefly , bones , and x files ........ my life is ruined 
has a P h.D. in horribleness 
just bought a Captain Hammer shirt ' cause a mans gotta do what a mans gotta do . And by man , I mean nerd . 
damn , after I get done work I have to drive all the way to CVS to get benadryl !, man I wish I worked at CVS and not at a hospital ...... you know ........ the hospital that has a pharmacy I get a discount at ............ yeah , I'm an idiot 
take my love , take my land , take me where I cannot stand , I don't care , I'm still free , you can't take the sky from me 
has an intense need to remove his lungs for the moment .......... 
so there's that ................ Email ! 
could use a benadryl induced coma about now 
if caffeine were a drug , I'd be addicted !........... wait 
< PROPFIRST > Beck is going to unveil the plan ?...... no ..... no it can't be ...... he's a fraking toaster !!!!!!!!!!!! 
Bow ties are cool 
my brother has introduced me to the usefulness of twitter , and so without further complaint , I cave @hurtfullobster 
and then < PROPFIRST > learned that red dead redemption is a free roaming western video game , and he was very pleased 
is watching Moose Attack !, title explains all 
had another sherlock holmes dream , I can get used to this 
and thats when I decided to become a super villain 
I do in fact qualify for a free repair of my xbox , sweeeeeeeeeeet 
It's gonna be a nice , slow day . 
slow work day = read sherlock holmes 
every now and again I remember why BSG is the greatest show ever made 
I'm more at the beach than you are ! 
captain banana says , \potassawha ? \"" 
Repair complete , moving to phase MASS . EFFECT01 
UPS will be at your house between 10:30 am- 2:00 pm = UPS will be at your house whenever they well feel like it ............... grrrrrrrr 
Power denied , switching to auxiliaries 
And then < PROPFIRST > remembered you need power for air conditioning ... this is a sticky situation ? 
I have to pay to watch the new gorillaz video ? fine , but I won't like it ! FINE , the video was good , but pay ?.... really ?!?! 
it ain't summer until you drink summer drink , yum 
important update : my sister and I have purchased a network extender , which means I can now receive calls on my cell phone when at home :D 
Loving me some hail and Supernatural 
Word to wise , drive very carefully this morning , many traffic lights are out 
Phase MASS . EFFECT01 is complete , opening channels for phase MASS . EFFECT02 
In solving a problem of this sort , the grand thing is to be able to reason backward . That is a very useful accomplishment , and a very easy one , but people do not practise it much . In the everyday affairs of life it is more useful to reason forward , and so the other comes to be neglected . There are fifty who can reason synthetically for one who can reason analytically . 
Bored at work . Tell me about your favorite bear and why ! Winner gets a beer . 
CONTINUED : for those who missed it the first time , tell me your favorite bear and why ! winner gets a beer . Yeah , I'm doing a bears for beers program 
last < PROPMALE > , come bear your soul 
And the winner of the bear-for-beer is < PROPMALE > Battaglia for water bears ! 
Mornings agree with me now ? Hell has finally frozen over 
This morning has not agreed with me , that's what I get for thinking my meds can stop my stomach from exploding 
news.com.au/technology/last-few-early-humans-survived-in-eden-scientists-say/story-e6frfro0-1225896808315 cool but this study missed the study released yesterday that found that humans survived in Britain during this ice age 
has decided to make his own envisioning of iced coffee , it looks like crap but tastes of ambrosia 
Will post article later , but courts have made it legal to jailbreak your iPhone in order to choose a different carrier , and so restarts gov monopoly breaking 
drawers moved with no holes in the walls , success ! 
i had my first pumpkin beer of the season last night , best . thing . ever . 
Once again I can't post the article right now but the founder of wikileaks is being charged with rape and molestation by Sweden , I see psychopathology developing , he should leak his psych reports 
Hey < PROPFIRST > , you know what the best idea ever is , drink dogfish < PROPFEMALE > brown ale the night before work ! This couldn't go wrong 
Technically when I just did does not constitute driving , but rather fording a river . 
I might have gone into pumpkin overload today ... if such a thing existed 
The death of Satoshi Kon will be morned with a change in profile picture , sad times indeed 
The lady making me a double espresso accidently made a quadruple espresso ... not complaining 
He called it canolli oil ? Oh superfresh 
I dreamed that I hunted down a unicorn and made sausages out of it , it was pretty awesome 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > cha chuuun 
Ham ! :D 
Day three of no sun , my poor complexion ! It's going to ......... stay exactly that same . 
Today went from frustrating to hedonistic . In Psychology , this would indicate that I have present-oriented mind . To me , this indicates that I'm awesome . 
I seem to be the only one at work who has noticed that my coworkers retirement celebration poster has a death clock on it :O . Thank you Pawn Stars ! 
Is it just me or do you feel more full when your food comes in the form of a sandwich ? 
I'm assuming today will best be summed up with saying , \DO A BARREL ROLL ! \"" 
I make a habit of watching conspiracy theory , paranormal , and UFO shows in order to find logical fallacies and scientific mistakes in their explanations . It keeps the mind sharp and protected from bad ideas . As I set out to do that this morning w/ Discovery Channel's \World's Strangest UFO Stories\ " I was surprised to find out it was a skeptics show doing exactly what I set out to do . I love you Discovery Channel . " 
I want SPACE HAM 
Time for you friendly DOJ PSA : Combat voter fraud . Send complaints to local FBI http://go.usa.gov/CqQ & USAO http://go.usa.gov/CqU or Public Integrity Section 202-514-1412 
One more time , from the Department of Justice : Combat voter fraud . Send complaints to local FBI http://go.usa.gov/CqQ & USAO http://go.usa.gov/CqU or Public Integrity Section 202-514-1412 
Who's in for a cake-off ? Let me know ! 
Remember , remember ........ to eat your vegetables , its important for your health .... also something else I guess , I don't remember 
You lucky cake-off attendees should check your mail for this weeks Cake of the Week ! 
With one month left of classes and papers and finals coming close , I will express myself in quoting Captain Picard . \THERE ARE FOUR LIGHTS ! \"" 
Brew Masters is going to be on at the same time as The Walking Dead . What do I love more , beer or zombies ? My life choices are so hard :P 
Done with papers about psychopaths and back to papers about drugs , police tactics , and societal implications , finally ........... my papers are way more fun than yours ! 
PBS Special quote : \Why do ADDers love chaos ? Because it wakes up their brain . \ " Hell yes ! " 
Q : Whats are all the quotes about ? \ 
\ 
A : Comedy , but that doesn't matter right now . 
Change your FB profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To not see a human face on FB till Monday , December 6th . Join the fight against child abuse , copy & paste to your status and invite your friends to do the same ! 
according to netflix , Godzilla vs Mothra is a mindbending scifi ........ 
also today for those who care , the tron legacy sountrack by daft punk is on amazon mp3 download for $4 
triple update ? for those care about this , Restrepo is on Netflix instant stream , a documentary about a group of reporters following an active US military squad in Afganistan 
So if you feel like your dishwasher hasn't been working like me , its cause they stopped putting phosphates in detergent . My environmentalist side says yeah , but my side that likes clean dishes says nay . I'm so confused . 
I am Bender , please insert girder . 
Cake-off people : Like this status if you would drink coffee if I made it . 
I sold 75 automatons today 
I've either discovered that I have the super power to create electricity , or I need to do something about the dry , winter air . I prefer to believe the former . 
Who works on Christmas < PROPFEMALE > ? People who care , that's who :P 
Ok hospital people , if you hate the prospect of working on Xmas < PROPFEMALE > so much then stop working in medicine and ruining my day >:( 
My little cousin has Darth Vader shoes . Jealous ! 
Enjoyed a brisk walk in the snow , and I heard that < PROPFIRST > Buffalo totally loves the new Doctor again !, I thought it was pretty awesome 
While I still think it's somewhat funny , I'm starting to think that the surprising number of people who just assume I'm a doctor in hospitals maybe dangerous . I may need to start wearing a sign to indicate otherwise . 
Well , if I know anything about what number is bigger than the other ..... 
WORM , tacos gotta have worms 
And tired at work AND want a hamburger , what a terrible situation ! 
IT'S AN ICE-TASTROPHE ! See , I could be a news reporter . 
hamburgers ! 
I take a certain level of pride when conspiracy theortists claim my arguments are invalid because I'm part of the conspiracy . 
Ladies and Gentlemen , the frost giants have arrived . 
oh , so this is what no accumulation looks like :P 
This manly snow calls for some very manly driving . 
Seriously weather ? Ice snow ? Is that even a real thing ? 
I hear rabid bunnies are attacking the city , can anyone confirm/deny ? 
Troegs Nugget Nectar is life affirming , now prepared for snow . 
oh thank god , the forecast has changed to rain rather than snow , can I be in Arizona now ? 
Snow + heavy fog = serious horror movie vibe 
SUPERNATURAL SPOILER !!!!!............ seriously though , dragons , sooo jawesome 
I've been in the philly airport for almost an hour and haven't seen a single zombie , have video games lied to me ? 
The fact that I got sunburned yesterday only makes me happy that there is enough sun to do it . 
new photographies in AZ album 
Just had Dogfish Head 90 minute IPA on tap . Then I had Delirium Tremens on tap . Life = complete . 
Some lady in the airport keeps yelling dinosaur , I'm very confused 
I knew airplane bathrooms were a bad idea . Airplanes are cesspools for every strain of cold and flu out there . At least I got the flu vaccine ... 
Wait , the movies I wanted to win best picture actually won two years in a row ?!?!?! 
Power outage anyone else ? 
Congestion ... peaking .... must ... keep ... going .... 
I prepare for rain they same way I prepare for snow the same way I prepare for everything . Today's pick is Victory's new Headwater Pale Ale . 
Why did I get up at 8am today ? Pookieman Black , thats why ! Must prepare for my new and improved Ghost team . 
Clearly your fire-less morning was less interesting than fiery morning . 
Thanks for all the biiiiiirthday wishes yesterday y'all! 
Why is science just magic now ? 
How did I not think to apply for research assistant jobs before today ?!?!?!?! 
Car is getting death shutters :/ 
The time has come . We are building a boat . All of us . 
Broken axil , wheels needed alignment ( chaotic evil ) , and possible dying transmission , hurray ! 
New brewery tried today . Legends Brewing Company from Richmond , VA . Tried their brown ale and imperial IPA . Both were very solid , and the imperial IPA went well beyond my expectations . yumyum 
I bought a book on baking gourmet pie AND a book on home brewing . I'm gonna be everyone's best friend ! 
Is it ok that I'm more excited about my pie making adventure than my beer making adventure ? 
ahhhhh , dreams about steam-powered zombie nazis , thank you sucker punch ! 
I should probably figure out what fruit is in season before deciding what I'll bake next , shouldn't I ? Anyone got ideas ? And no pineapple , seein's as how I'm allergic . 
npr.org/templates/text/s.php?sId=135053529&m=1 opinions ? 
There is daylight when I leave for work now , oh happy days ! 
I think Dogfish's Aprihop is the first spring seasonal I've had that really screams spring to me , yumyum . 
Well I waaaas really worried about that civil service exam , but apparently I scored within the 5% of test takers , so yay ! 
It's another pie day ! Today's pie is a blueberry < PROPFEMALE > pie . 
Oh no , ZEUS IS ANGRY ! 
Apparently I'm on night shift and not day shift . What am I doing with my new found morning time ? Baking a pie ! 
I'm fairly certain this pie recipe was just made to be a pain in the ass . 
SKYNET HAS GONE LIVE !!!! 
Everyday , I try to listen to and live the words of the wisest man on TV , < PROPMALE > Swanson . 
TODAY IS A DAY !!!!!!!!!!!! 
I will never understand people who eat one ' tato chip at a time , those people disgust me ! 
NO DOCTOR WHO SPOILERS , but River Song is definitely my favorite companion now 
Oh no ... OH NO ! SINUS HEADACHE !!!!!!!! 
