Whatever ... Forget the count down .... I'm going to sleep . 

You can always assume things to be easy but nothing is as easy as it looks . 
You can take all things in life for granted but not the generosity and hospitality of others . That the philosophy , moral , and principle I like to live by . 
Captain's Log- 6:23 A . M . ~ Time to get ready for work ! 
Is bringing back his mojo . 
Man .. I guess I'm too bored 
Just finish watching The Wonder Years .. Now I wonder about my wonder years ... 
the Orphan was awesome !! I need a daughter like that . 
The dreams of a youngster is the regrets of maturity . 
[ 0 ] [ insert coin ] to Play 
Can't sleep ! Sigh ..... 
“The truest characters of ignorance are vanity , and pride and arrogance . ” - < PROPFIRST > Butler 
Yum Yum = ?? ??... I think my chinese have gotten so much better now . It's time for a newer challenge ... Now how do I write that in chinese ? 
It's Time to go to sleep ! 
Summer days are way too long . What am I going to do ... 
sigh ... there will always be people trying to put others down . bunch of sh ! tholes !! 
I think it's a horrible joke as always to send me anything written in chinese .... or english 
Sigh ... Phone is broken again ... Have to live back in the dark ages without any communications ... Again ! ********<---- Currently At Peace ! - = = = Live , Lived , and Death ... As long as there is war , there will also be peace . ******** 
Sleeping 
~ ... It's a mystery how people behave How we worry ourselves to the grave .... 
sigh ... $333 million dollars and 2 people won .. and I'm not one of them .. 
Ready for a new semester of school !! ? (???) ? 
Clean Shave !! ????? 
I've been awake since 4 a.m. 
Damn !! Either something died in my room or there are some dropped food have rotted . I killed about 30 of those little fruit flies already . Each time I kill one , another one shows up . I think this had happen in a movie before ... OoP There goes another one ! 
I still in school ... maybe i should start studying ... 
Ever wanted to say something but then forgot what you're about to say ? 
Oh .. right ... I remember ... I want to go watch 9 
Is panhandling for money to buy The Beatles Rockband . 
sigh ... can't sleep again ... 
I had the weirdest dream ... 
it's 6am I'm up and need to get ready for class 
+Got 3 soda from the soda machine for the price of 1 (^-^) Y 
Sighh ... feeling so lazy and tire ... All I do is read this and read that ... 
Can't sleep .......... o (>.< ) oo ( >.<) o 
sick ! 
FTW ! internet not working at home .. FTW ! 
home internet is going to be out for couple days .... please do not start puttting smiley faces on my wall 
Excuse me everyone ... Excuse me .. I'm looking to buy some drugs ... You know .. ~ Drugs .... \wink\ " \ " wink\ " .. ... .... ... Can someone sell me some drugs ? \ " Big Grin \"" 
Why must it always have to be so damn hard to be the good guy ? You can try and try and then to have it backfired right at you as the person to take the blame for everthing or the worthless sucker that there to be their pawn to be sacrifice ... 
I don't want much and I don't need much ... I don't ask for a lot and I don't ask for much ... All I'm asking for is a girl that would know how to love me . . . . . Sighz .. heart broken again 
Is there a medical condition where someone kept interrupting a sentence by trying to finish the last word ? And I'm being serious right now . 
Watching the Exorcist .. All of them ... ahh ... classics ... only the first one was ever good though .. :( 
There's a fly in my room that likes taunting me . It won't let me study , do my work , or watch a movie in peace . Each time I try to focus my head , it flies over to mess with me . When I try to < PROPMALE > it down and kill it , it disappear into the shadows . I even kept my door open to let it flies out or < PROPMALE > it out but when it reach near the door it just makes a U-Turn and flies into the crack of the cabinets . WTF ! 
~ Help ! I'm being cyber bullied .. Someone have been poking me and they won't stop . 
Watching Ice Age Trilogy ... anyone wanna join me ? You all know where I live .. Just ring the door < PROPFEMALE > .. (?_?) ? [@] Bring me some popcorn and an alcoholic drink please if you do come . 
OMG !! I ran out of movies and shows to watch and I'm up to date with my studying .. What am I suppose to do now ? 
I'm very very bored .. 
Tried to call and make up but I guess it didn't work out too well . Oh well ... guess I'm free and single again . Mua hahahaha 
No class today so gonna catch up on watching all the shows I miss last night . Starting with the Office .. =D 
Yawwnnn !! 7 o'clock ... Time to wake up ! 
? (^_^?) (?^_^) ? o(^^o)(o^^)o ? (^_^?) (?^_^) ? o(^^o)(o^^)o ? (^_^?) (?^_^) ? 
Is it weird to be watching the twilight zone ? 
Just another day ... Need to wake up and go to the gym . 
Needs to shave tonight . Just found a piece of rice on my mustache . lol 
It's getting colder and colder . I just wish that I could cuddle up on my bed and in my blankets till Spring comes . 
I'm thinking of going to the gym again ... and also thinking of going back to sleep 
i need a new laptop for school . (; ? _ ? ;) 
Spent 8hrs cramming 7chapters into my head for today's test and then to realize class was canceled when i'm at the door . (-_-) ~ grrr ... ball buster ~ 
ahhh ... home at last .. almost fell asleep while driving ... man ... i'm so tire 
oh no i think i'm addicted to the mint filling oreo cookies and now they're running out . 
dear god , please send me more mint filling oreo cookies . i don't care if i go to bed tonight and go into a diabetic comma . it's all worth it . 
oh man ... i think i had too many oreos now i'm having a stomache ache .. ( T ~ T ) it's either that or i ate someone's bad cooking .. 
??? too too cold ... I do not want to get up 
I'm so bored .. 
I'm hungry ... I want waffles ... 
5:30 AM and I\m UP !! pha-hahahaha " 
Just bought a dosen of donuts . I'm ready to cram over night !! Damn ! I'm gonna get so fat after this . 
Jamming ! 
Hmm ... Let see if there're anyone here bored enough and wants to make a contribution to this . -Someone construct a plot to the following sequence and someone else make one to the one after that . Let see if any interesting storyline can be created or just anything interesting that worth reading to kill time . 
Sigh ... bored ! 
Thinking of quitting facebook 
doesn't feel like studying but have an exam tomorrow 
I'm spending way .. too much time on facebook and not studying enough ... stupid addiction .. grrr ... 
watching the exorcism of < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > . i could use some popcorn 
??? ?? ???? & ???? ???... ?? ????? & ????????? ??? ?? ??? ??? 
Jets lose to the Dolphans and Giants lose to the Eagles .. WTF ? What does it takes for us to win ? a freakin animal name ? 
Note to self : Bring some body sprays if I'm gonna sneak out for a smoke . 
Have anyone recieve text from me ? My phone is bugging out , it's automatically sending text to people asking if they want cheesecake . lol And I'm being serious ... If anyone got a message asking if they want a piece , lol just ignore that message and don't reply Yes I would like some because I don't have any . And now it's time for class . -Peace 
I finally got the nintendo Wii and the PS3 hook up to my monitor and the internet .. Too bad that I don't have any games to play with .. Beyond that , I also lost the demo to the PS3 .... So to sum everything up , I just wasted a bunch of my time ... 
Finally made it home . Would've been home earlier but had a stare off contest with a skunk at my front door . YES !!! I've spotted a skunk in Jersey City !! And it's not a dirty cat that smells like Jersey City .. IT'S AN ACTUAL SKUNK !! So for all my friends out there please be careful and not provoke anything that's rubbishing behind the bushes or else you might get spray . 
Oh ! Now I got some google wave invitations to go around .... Ok so who wants one ? Invitations are very limited . I only have 8 
I have 6 google wave invitations left . So come and get it while it's hot . 
Ok ! I have 4 more google wave invitations left . Who wants one ? Just send me your email address if you would like one . Wow I'm surprise that there're so little people asking for it . Generally I would've thought my Inbox be flooded by now . 
Just spent the whole day poking at the new google wave and realize that i've wasted a day of my time . Damn you google .. You've won this round .! 
Whoa !!! the Nets won 
Gonna go out to trap a live mountain chicken to be sacrificed and offering to the snow god so we can all have a snowy christmas . 
Got 19 New google wave invitations .. PM me your email address if you would like one . Get them while they're still hot . 
LoL what a tease I got 4/6 plus the bonus number of the number next to the opening < PROPFIRST > to the mega millions . 
Anyone wants a google wave invitation ? 
Yawwn ...!! Just woke up and I am now completely refreshed . Well , back to work . 
Strreeessssszzzzzz ...................................... 
My god .... I can't believe the Tigerwood scandal is still on the news .... Is it really that important for it to be upkeeping for this long ? Heck half of the people in < PROPMALE > had at least twice or three times the amount of affairs he had . What makes it such a big deal ? Sigh .... People who are tune into this nonsense have no life . ... . . 
Just woke up and this is when i know i studied hard because i was literally having dreams of the materials from the exam . But besides that , what a perfect way to start a winter vacation for me , it started snowing when I finished my last exam today . 
Damn it ! My Winter Intermission online course is canceled .. Now my whole Spring Schedule is ruin . 
Have most of the people on facebook watched Avatar yet ? I'm very eager to talk about the plot and embracing my nerdiness . -Thank you 
Is it just me or is it always that when someone tries to put some inspirational message on their upkeep tends to reflects more as depresive than inspirational ? 
Sigh ... why does google wave keep uploading my invitations .... Anyway , I have some google wave invitations to give away . PM me your email address if you would like one . I have about 18 with me this time so ... first come first serve . 
Damn . . . I think I have an addiction to chocolate . . .. Ahh ... Well ... I guess I have to add it to the list along with the other addictions . 
Starting to get pissed over firefox .... it keep crashing on me 
Sigh .... a whole month of nothing to do .... Someone give me some activities to get through this freakin vacation !! 
Some one is taking these facebook mini games a little too seriously .. LoL I'm not saying who it is but that person needs to get a life . If you can deal with the concepts of the game then you might as well remove me from your friend list . There's no need to act like a sore loser over a stupid game . 
Umm ... anyone here is familiar with this phone number 908-887-2082 ? It texted me once before for thanksgiving and now again for christmas .... I've tried texting back and calling back but there were no pick up ...... I'm just a little curious . 
After owning the PS3 for a year and a half I finally got my first PS3 game . Woohoo ! Screw you facebook !! 
Ok ! It's time to buy a new PS3 game . This one had just turn disappointing . 
have they release a new manga for naruto yet ? it's starting to get interesting again . this guy is crazy with all the sharingan on this arm 
Gonna flip a coin to buy either darksiders or bayonetta .... 
I've made 2 batches of turnip cake . Give me a call if you would like some . 
Mann ... I miss traveling . I haven't travel to anywhere this year . 
Ohhh .. no .. I think I just fell in love with this girl name Stephy Tang . What the hell should I do now ? 
Mann ... I'm so bored . I don't do well on saturdays . 
I offered something on craigslist to the tonight show . hahahah I wonder if it'll show up on monday . 
Can't sleep 
is panhandling for book money . 
Oohh ... The final Tonight Show is tonight . I'm gonna have fun watching it . 
Very nice final show ... and I'll never eat from Dominos ever again . 
No matter how many times I watch the Green < PROPMALE > , I would never get tire of it . 
Wow ! Why do I have so many people suddenly start putting up their baby pictures ? hahahah Is there a new trend going on ? 
Gonna try to get off facebook for awhile . 
Can someone throw a shoe at < PROPFIRST > Leno for me please ? Mann ... his sincerity sounded so fake and it makes him seem like such a weasel . 
Anyone here would like to have a google wave invitation ? I have 17 of them . 
Sweeeeeeeeeeet !! Got new bowling balls and bowling gears ! 
Was watching the Grammy's on youtube and threw up a little in my mouth . 
No class today ... Bored already ... 
Watching a cooking show with Mr. T ..... LoL that's a delight that's going to last awhile 
Darn you facebook !! give me back my old layout !! 
Stupid facebook !!! they should seclude all nonesense people and go back to colleges and organizations only . i'm getting pm spam by advertisements ... 
come on snow ... come on ...... 
eewww ..... this is too much snow ! this is all you people fault for praying to facebook 
Home at last ... thank for the birthday wishes everyone . it's good to have friends =) 
come on snow .. come on ..... 
The truest characters of ignorance are vanity , pride , and arrogance . - < PROPFIRST > Buttler (!- _-) It's such a shame that most of everyone out there are fueling and can only be fueled by these characters . Anyone out there saw The Marriage Ref yet ? 
was trying to get a bottle of citrus greentea but instead go pwn by every soda machine on campus-FTL (-_-) 
Sigh ... Sunday already . My spring break seem so short . I don't wanna go back to school tomorrow . 
OooOooh ! My back . 
What happen to the show Heroes ? Has it been canceled ? 
Bye bye facebook and friends ... Call me when you want to talk to me . 
I hate you facebook ! 
A note to all my friends . 
Got pwned by my car . Locked my keys in my car . SHIT !! 
Darn it FTP !! Why won't you work ? Where's my I.T. people at ? 
Off to the beach ! Call me if you need anything . 
Might have an extra ticket for Comedian < PROPFIRST > Peters on Friday July 23 , @ Foxwood , Connecticut . Let me know if anyone is interested or wanna buy it off of me . It's 1 Ticket Only ! 
Fell off my motorcycle ! =( 
Whoring myself out for a job . Who's hiring or who wanna help ? 
I think I need a lawyer . 
Gotta stop giving out my phone number like free candies ... I'm getting too many random calls ... :-/ 
Did the saints won last night ? I missed the last quarter 
Darn ! Formatted my pc tablet and now i can't get the touch screen to work ... Any can help ? It's an hp tc4200 ... I've tried dl drivers but it's not working 
Man .... Can't believe I missed my sunday football games \\(?>?<?)/ !!!!!!! Anyone care to fill me in ? 
Go jets !! :-d 
is it just me or is fb gotten extremely slow ? 
what a fun night .... 
Why is it that i often hear fire engine siren during rainy days and not < PROPFEMALE > days ? 
What kind of people would bring a portable dvd player to a library and then blast the thing high ? Grrr ... ! Idiots ! 
Just being happy for others is enough to keep my day up lifting 
Got pwn .. Never going to eat in a subway that hires elderly indian immigrants again .. They cheated my meatball sub by selecting and giving me broken mea 
tballs IN FRONT OF ME ... And then pretends to not understand me when i confronted them . 
OMG !. Cannot stand meat heads they're so stupid . Saturday class is boring enough . Don't need to hear about unrelated stupid questions 
Man .... I gotta start blocking applications . I got nothing but spam on my wall 
Watching cowboys vs titans 
Yo .. This isn't funny at all .. It's hailing gumballs of ice just a minute ago . ACTUAL ICE !! 
Oops .. Accidently walked into the women's bathroom .. 
If you're lost , you can look and you'll find me . Time after time . If you fall I will catch you , I'll be waiting . Time after time . Grr .. Song got stuck in my head 
Anyone here plays the Mcdonald's Monopoly game ? 
Trying to find out how twitter work ... Might need a little help .. 
About to go out .. Someone recommend a good movie 
No freaken way .. Facebook just have me a virus ... Be careful everyone ... Don't randomly click on apps .. 
Nice ... It's icing instead of raining 
Umm ... Food on the dinner table tasted a little bit bitter ... So is there a doctor in the house that could save my mortal soul ? 
Ugh ... Whole consecutive week of 3-4hr sleep . Stop bothering me people ... Your < PROPMALE > ( me ) need his sleep . 
Man .. I'm having cravings for those pancakes at stacks . 
Hey , anyone know how I can put the application Graffiti as a tab on my fb < PROPFEMALE > ? On the setting it says it requires access to my basic information but have no link to access it . 
Mann .. I can't send text . This is a big inconvenience !!! 
I shouldn't be promoting this but the security alarm system in our school book store and library doesn't work . 
New Phone Number 201-477-0208 
Trying to Jailbreak and unlock the iPhone ... * Scratches Head * 
Accounting = Torcher\ 
It should only be taught to those that are interested in it or those that have the intention of committing some sort of white collar crime . Not to those that have no interest in either directions . 
Is it just me or does the acting students in our school all seem to have their heads up their asses ? 
Damn . My phone is busted and I can't text . It's so hard to get things done when you can't text . 
I hate you blackberry ! You'd just complicated my life 
Man .. I miss my hair . It's so cold outside 
Change your default facebook picture to a cartoon character from your childhood . The goal ? To not see a human face on facebook until Monday the 6th of Dec . Join the fight against child abuse , and invite your friends to do the same . 
Can't wait till it's over ..... Haven't relax since forever 
Dear people that only takes the elevator to go up or down one floor , please stop being so lazy . You're wasting my time . 
Idiots of < PROPMALE > .. Listen .. If you're gonna rush up and cut me off , it's not necessary to slow down once you're in front of me . KEEP GOING ! Don't hold back traffic . 
One word that sums up the nature of the universe ... Crap ! 
Bah-humbug ! 
it's 25 degrees outside and my brother turns on the fan ..... What the hell is wrong with him ? 
Loving my financing course 
Darn it ! My left eye brow have been constantly twitching .. Why ? What could it mean ? 
Woke up and my left eyebrow started twitching again ..... 
Can't believe there's school 
Still not use to having all the work , reading , and study again ... I'm Soooo .... in my vacation mode . 
School close woohoo 
man .... i hope it snows so i can start my weekend early lol 
Happy New Year Folks !! 
Going for an interview and my interviewer is late ... Nice ... 
Having the best new year day ever ! Couldn't ask for a better one 
no cable ... no box ..... damn i can't watch the superbowl 
Man ... Must've take one enormous a$$hole to have high beam and 4 kind of LED lights on in front of their truck during the middle of the day to pull this off . 
Ahhh help me !! Water from the ceiling is dripping on me !! 
First day at work and I feel like < PROPFIRST > Costanza from Seinfield . I got a list of contacts but I think I might just do what he did and sit in the office until the end of the day . lol 
I finished my tasks early ... Hmmm ... Should I ask for more ? 
Anyone likes to be my < PROPFIRST > =) 
The first rule of Fight Club is that you do not talk about fight club . 
it's 61 degrees and I have to spring my foot .... crap !! 
Data entry is so boring ..... I need some liquor ! 
nice ..... burning at 102 degrees .... I can finally slack off on facebook without it seems like i'm lazy . har har har 
uhhhhh ............. someone kill me ........ take me out of my misery .... 
Can some of my asian folks check on my chinese horoscope for me ? I'm having a really bad week . 
It seem like there's a really bad flu going around . I haven't been sick for at least 4 or 5 years until recently . I hope everyone in my position get well soon . 
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes 
The truck near my school sell a burger called the Dream Burger . It contain bacon , ham , < PROPFIRST > ham , sausage , and a 100% beef < PROPFEMALE > with mayo and ketchup . After the first bite I realize why they called it that . Cuz after the first bite , my body fell into a temporary coma for 10 second . 
SPRING BREAK HERE I COME !!!!! Last Class of the week and was saved by the fire drill in the science building . ... 
I like the new iPad2 but it's too expansive ... 
What would you do if your friends starts a convention because you're too much of an ass ? 
Sigh ..... such a pity that people like me can't spend another week chillaxing ... 
Got a paper but from bandage box .. Talk about irony 
Got a paper cut from a bandage box . Talk about irony ! 
Friends of New Jersey please be aware of a white Mitsubishi Galant License Plate PWS 45A . Driver is a middle age hispanic man . He pulled a scam on me for insurance fraud near the Holland Tunnel in Jersey City at the intersection of Jersey Avenue and rt 139 . Try to keep as much distant from this car as you can . 
?? ?? ? Ahh .. OoooOooooOoooOoooo !!!!!! ?? 
Someone gonna die today . . An old lady driving a coup and doesn't shift to 2nd 
To the person who got me into this facebook app & game , I hate you . lol 
???? Sigh ...... ????????? ??? la .... sigh ..... 
Talking to a really dumb girl .... Good thing she have big breasts 
Mmm .... < PROPFEMALE > Tea , warms the soul 
Yes ! Friday !! gonna get down with the Friday song 
It's spring time ! Time to look for some contractors to fix my roof ! Anyone got any recommendations ? 
I'm interviewing at a creepy old warehouse 
Shit I fell asleep ! 
Sigh ... I can't wait till summer vacation comes .. Crap ! I just realize I'm a workaholic . 
Sighhh ..... I need some quiet time to do my 1000page reading for tomorrow's final 
I want to plan a skydiving trip ... Anyone wanna join ? 
Alright ! Summer is here ! Who wanna go skydiving with me ? I have 3 on board so far . lol Anyone is welcome . 
School is out ! Summer is here !! Woot !! LIKE THIS EVERYONE !! 
Mann ... had too much sugar . now i'm feeling the drop . 
Sigh .. Today suppose to be judgement day and i'm stuck painting my room ... 
Man ... last night's class was tiring and I have a bad habit to be the only one laughing at the professor's corny joke . lolz Way to earn recognition < PROPMALE > ! 
going to stay away from facebook for a little while 
I'm back on FB folks ! 
Omg !! Busi stat so boring that I can have a stroke ... 
Time to hit the gym again ... need to work on those abs of steel ! 
Gonna need a drink tonight 
I'm feeling blue ... Anybody got a cure for that ? 
Was at the doctors to do a urine test . Then they call me to let me know they spilled it . (-_- ! ) 
dear annoying neighbor , \ 
\ 
it's way too early in the morning for you to put your barking dog out in the yard to play . it's been barking constantly and haven't stop . clearly , it doesn't want to be outside . Please be courteous to everyone that lives near you and stop being such a prick to your dog . \ 
thank you and we all ( including your dog ) appreciate your effort from being dick-ish . \ 
Sincerely , \ 
< PROPMALE > 
ermm ... did everyone on my friendlist just got an invitation to skydiving ? lol i'm sorry for the spam folks . i don't know what happen ... 
?????? \??\" ????????.... someone please explain to me ... " 
Lol I got lost and still made it earlier than my colleages 
Omg !! I'm here forever 
Praying 
Grr .... no cable so I can't watch futurama !! Anyone wanna invite me over so I can watch my cartoon ? 
is it just me or facebook have gotten slower than usual ? 
Lol not to sound like a perv but a girl was wearing a low cut dress running my way and I almost got into an accident . 
right eye been twitching all day long .... i think my manager was staring at my twitching eye while talking to me ... 
Wow I regret going out . Lol someone save me !! 
I need zzzZZzZ !! 
Sigh ... I'm getting old . I get annoy when I see teenagers in a mall . 
??????????????,???????????????? ?........ ??????????, ????????. ??????????.. ?????? 
People . Sigh ... I'm sure your baby is going to be cute and all but could you not post their picture the moment they were born ? Give it six months or a year or so . Let the wrinklies unfold itself and the look of gasping for life wears off first . Thank you ! ^^b 
I wanna hurt someone and I really want to get back at them . Anyone have any good ideas ? 
Umm ... Is it normal for a 27yr old girl to try to play off roles or mimic characters from the show sex and the city ? Is it healthy ? 
Nice .... my fracking emailing account been hacked over night . Gmail security sucks !! \ 
Hey Everyone , \ 
Sorry for the inconvenient folks . \ 
Please disregard any of those emails and do not open or click on any of the links that was sent to you by this email address ks.wongt@gmail.com . \ 
Thanks ! 
WTF Gmail !!! My Account have just been hacked again !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
is it just me or is facebook acting sluggish again 
wow i never knew how many glitches were inside the coding my website until i open i.e and firefox .. lol thanks google chrome for making everything seem perfect 
Anyone want a Google Plus invite ? It's Google's version of facebook . 
Anyone want a Google Plus invite ? It's a Google social network ... I only have 150 invites .. First come first serve ! 
wow got home late , half drunk , and still can't sleep . ~ Amazing ...... 
Can't Sleep .... Grrrr ! 
Hurricane < PROPFEMALE > ??? what was the name before that ? 
No life .. Just work .... So .... many projects and so .... much to do . [ Sigh ] 
I see .... so everyone is going to be on facebook until the power goes out . lol 
Can't sleep ... Grrr ... 
Lol my mother lectured her physician that he has to eat right and eat 3 square meals a day .. 
Oh snap ! There are cushion seats inside classrooms on the fifth floor of rossey 
Sometime I feel like I'm too much of a wiseguy . So much that it might've caused psychological harm because of all the smartass replies that buildup inside me ... 
HOME !! Finally !!!! 
Umm .. Can you email me these stuff ? 
Not sure if it's stress or if I'm actually having minor strokes but the left side of my face feels numb and twitchy ... lol 
I'm so Bored ... 
Ahhh ..... got the day off ! 
Help ! I'm being kidnap .. :( 
I hate this weather .. 
Caught a cop driving and texting this morning 
It's that time of the day again kids .. Thats right ! I'm bored ... 
OMFG !! Stupid ass FB !! How the hell do I work this new interface ? 
