is REALLY annoyed . But is working on a new project , of the 12 zodiac signs (: I love feeling accomplished . 

is watching Push and eatin sum iced creammm (; 
just got back from work . And I have nuuuthing to dew . Yep . 
kinda hates him . 
just woke up . Picking up the schedule , then work . 
is tired of the same old routine . 
is so lost . 
iz GH3tt0 F @b0Lu $ . 
slob . on . my . knob . 
iz P$ycH3d . 
... Mayhem was sick ! 
close your eyes , that blue is getting me high , making me low . I wish you could be here . 
is masochistic . Warped was fun . 
is lost , again . 
why cant there just be love and reality without complications ? 
is really annoyed . 
and Ill love you , if you let me . And Ill love you , if you wont make me starve . 
says salt and vinegar chips with koolaid never tasted so good . I want to watch a good scary movie . NAME ONE ! 
needs a pick-me-up . Fast , < PROPFIRST > . 
has waited until today to do her summer assignment . 
needs a reality check . 
too perfect for someone like you , I was a dandy in your ghetto with a snow white smile , but you'll never be as perfect whatever you do . 
I gotta F and a C , and I got a K too , and the only thing thats missin is a bitch like U . 
hopes tomorrow will work out . 
has a day tomorrow with < PROPFEMALE > ! 
wants to die ! Not really . But , Im tired of being sick >:( 
is gonna push the step- douche down a flight of stairs . 
to be this young Im oh so scared . I wanna live , I wanna love , but its a long hard road , out of hell . 
is irritated , with the world . 
loves < PROPFIRST > ! 
finally finish < PROPMALE > drivers < PROPMALE > ! :D 
is going to sleep alllllll day . Whooooooooo . Go sleep ! 
is tired , doesnt feel like conversing , and doesnt get to go to the football game . But , Im finally getting to see Inglorious Bastards (: Tonight should be , worth it . 
doesnt see how step parents have any importance in our lives . 
first tell me which road you will take , I dont want to risk our paths crossing someday , so you walk that way Ill walk this way . 
needs to write her freaking paper . Give me motivation ! 
wants to see The Gamer ... really bad ! 
is marching to the same drum as everyone else . This beat of conformity and ignorance seems so bland . Monotonous routine is killing me . 
Im a sucker for hope . Im still holding on . Why ? I dont know . Crazy thing , it is . Irony has never consumed my life so much . 
your existence in my life is pointless . 
that went swell . I have such a way with words . Im gonna go crawl in bed and die now . Goodnight ! 
pizza . pictures . homework . yoga . What I HOPE to do , but will probably be too lazy too . Eye ayum growndead :'( 
grounded . grounded . grounded . work . work . work . gay . gay . gay . 
get me out of here . 
wow . 
Fall makes me think of Twilight for some reason . Oh god , another obsession ahead . 
Fall ... God I love it . Im gonna go outside tonight and be a child . Whats up with everyone getting so tired so early tonight ? 
I think I got fired ? 
Psyche ! Im not fired , just a schedule mess up (: whoo ! Uhm , I think FB is being and has not been notifying me when I get new stuff , soooo , Im check around and write < PROPFEMALE > guys back (; 
Gimme some good songs ! 
dont you just miss and < PROPFEMALE > childish innocence ? 
Uhm , eh , kind of disgusted . Yeah . 
Who wants to < PROPFEMALE > ? Ive had offers . Make me one I wont be able to refuse . 
Yeah , \word\ " . Stfu . Im gonna go do stuff . " 
Happiness . 
I miss that mysterious guy with the long curly hair . I miss that smart guy with the short curly hair . I miss that funny guy with the pale skin . I miss that caring guy with the big nose . I miss that insane guy with my name tattooed on his neck . I miss that \asshole\ " guy with the cute nose . I miss that chill guy with the hot bod . I miss that girl with the pretty blue eyes . I miss that girl with the brown hair . Yeah . " 
Dont think I need permission from you . 
Doesnt comprehend petty drama . 
Moats and boats and waterfalls , alleyways and payphone calls , man Ive been everywhere with you . Im feelin Thumbelina and somethin sweet to eat tonight . Yeaaah . 
PARANORMAL ACTIVITY ! WHOO ! I LOVE MY LIFE ! WHAAAT ?! 
stayed up all night (: Went to sleep at 7 and just woke up . Does NOT want to go to work . 
Lets just fucking pretend , alright ? Hahahaahahahhahahhahahhahaahahhahahahahahaha . Im STILL not calm . I need something destructive . 
Youre always the victim in this passionate crime . So lay down your shackles , you know you can break free , when youre the one who holds the key . Whats weighing your hands ? Is that anger I see ? He is a heavy monster , who loves to feed . Will you let him feed ? He wants you to , hes in control now . Its no longer you . You have what you wish , now bask in that ignorant bliss . 
Mmm whatcha saaaay ? Optimism kicked in . Thanks to some reeses and a red < PROPFEMALE > (: Fuck your nihilism . 
Whos gone run dis town toniiiight ?!!!!?!?!? Heeeey !!!! My voce hurts . Its just me and my bro . Annnd , Im singing too loud . I have ... problems . WHOO ! 
Bring < PROPFEMALE > up , bring < PROPFEMALE > down , lift and squat , gotta tear the ground . Old miss < PROPFEMALE>'s dead and gone , left me here to weep and moan . 
Come on , we're all doing it . 
... you just totally killed my vibe . I need to surround my self with more , positive people . 
Ive got to remember , this is just a game . Work , yeah , work , 6- 10:30 . I need to stop eating . 
Elevator lady Elevator lady Elevator lady , lady levitate me . 
VIP phase initiated . 
is starting to realize just how secluded she makes herself . 
Regrets , oh regrets . I need a wake up call , I guess . Dont be a hypocrite . 
In the end I guess we all get our childhood love . Distance . Stuff like this makes you a believer of < PROPFEMALE > . Which in turn , also makes you the biggest skeptic . 
Im not even gonna ask . If all in all is true , would you please run over me ? 
is just highly pissed off now . My God , youre fake . 
Outta mind , and outta sight . 
You can do no wrong , in my eyes . 
a stick in the mud . 
finds herself saying the same words , over and over and over . Me and my experiments . One day , its gonna blow up in my face , then maybe Ill learn to steer clear . 
wants to learn how to read hieroglyphics . 
I hear youre livin outta state , runnin in a whole new scene . You know I havent slept in weeks , youre the only thing I see . 
is playing the waiting game . 
not having my license is really starting to get annoying . Its so socially disabling . 
loves dancing in the clouds . 
is all surface . 
is going to eat until she explodes today . Then eat some more . 
never wants to see any morcel of food again . Ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever . Ever . I cant puke , and I hate my life ! 
feels sorta , dead . 
is sinking into yin . Deep . 
is already sick of this \christmas spirit \"." 
today , I shall paint until my hands fall off . Then go to work . Maybe theyll let me go early on account of my no hand situation . 
is now in love with < PROPMALE > Cayce , and is devoting herself to Gnosticism . 
WOW , old messages . Amazing how they can affect your mood and sit you right back in the mindset you were in when you first wrote them . 
just discovered her greatest fear . And doubts she'll ever be able to overcome it . 
When masturbation's lost its fun , youre fucking breaking . 
Some people are just so precious :') 
has NO respect for ignorance . On that note , respect has to be earned , faggot . 
sometimes , I think I was supposed to be born a boy . 
can not stress how much she dreads winter . Its too ... cozy . This is when monotonous habits start to hit , hard . 
hopes a tornado hits . 
Im beginning to eye the next target , quite intently . Too intently . I honestly think I could be obsessed with you . And I dont even know you . Man , this is unhealthy . 
< PROPFEMALE > and comprehension is pretty much out the door ... 
is sick :'( 
WHY IS IT SO EARLY ?! 
is realizing how much she misses reggae . 
has concluded that Lesbians are too arrogant and boastful . I mean seriously , every lesbian I've come across somehow mentions their oritentation at least every 5 minutes . And the harsh discrimination they hold towards straights and Bi's , is just completely redundant . 
Spaghetti and Pineapple Express ... What more could you ask for ? 
really , really misses the sun . The desert couldn't come sooner . 
there are a million ladybugs crawling all over me and my bed . And I just downloaded the new 30 seconds to Mars CD . Tonight is good . 
In case youre wondering , I hate her . 
is home . With a bad back . 
OVERLOAD . Big time . 
Seriously ? Fuck you . 
Off to the library ... yay ! 
Thank god for long distance relationships . ' Nuf said . 
... internet's getting cut off . Tonight . Along with the television . I have no phone . And Christmas break is in two days . Grand thing is , that's just the tip of the iceberg . At least I'll have an ipod . < PROPFEMALE > takes the cheapest shots , I swear . 
40 minutes to a lifetime . Resentment and departure , creeping around like little incubuses , feeding off my sleep ... Incubus , I love that word . And the definition even more . 
has experienced what school is like when theres no students around . Music over the intercom ? Yeah , that was fun . Who knew being stuck inside the < PROPMALE > room for 3 hours would be so , enjoyable ? Today I found contentment , through people I never thought Id have good conversation with . Dinner with the fam , openin presents , then goin out with < PROPFEMALE > (: \My life is like McDonalds ... Im fuckin lovin it man ! \"" 
has lost contact with everyone . I miss my friends . Ive become a lazy fatass . But Im goin to Florida soon ... whoo . 
fireworks and moonshine . hello new year . recuperated by finishing up season one of < PROPMALE > and eating reeses all day . yumm 
loves the new semester . Besides the fact that I'm going to have to actually try to pass my classes . I still need a license , and a haircut , and a way to make money without having a job . 
I'll miss my sister , miss my father , miss my dog and my home . Yeah , I'll miss the boredom and the freedom and the time spent alone . 
will be progressive . 
astrological birth charts are so ... enlightening . Yeah ! Man , I don't even know what to say when I get on here anymore . I'm getting everything back next Wednesday though . Whoot whoot . Oh , and I GOT A CAR ! :D .... Now I just need a license . 
thinks its annoying that everyone listens to that Animal song now . And other bands and songs that will remain classified , considering I do not support this murder of the meaning \underground music \"- its not meant to be shouted out to the world ... thats what mainstream pop songs are for . " 
whoever got to meet the cast of Vampire Diaries saturday can suck my balls . 
Who has internet ? < PROPFEMALE > DOES ! Yeah ! 
I dont like my mother sometimes . 
is irrevocably content . 
Born of a sign that carries water , but in a month that brings just ice . I'm not a skillfull water carrier but I've , learned to < PROPFEMALE > love , learned to < PROPFEMALE > love . 
Sometimes , I wonder why I waste my precious time on earth with such ... a piece of shit . 
is going to create a raunchy , unethical comic book and make millions , as so heavily suggested by the masses . 
is a cunt . And proud ! :D I miss my workplace . And driving . Got an appointment though , mhmmm (: 
whooooooooooo has a tumblr ? Eh ? I need some followers , its sad . 
I want himmmm . 
You're feelings are irrelevant . I'm cutting this short . 
My little brother just said he loved me and kissed me on the cheek .... it was terribly awkward . 
It's haunting . I'm not getting any rest tonight . 
feels nymphomaniacal . 
is thinking about making another layout site . Hmm . Does anyone even use Myspace anymore ? 
doesn't like feeling this vulnerable . 
Baby , baby , baby , I miss you so much . The snow is so quiet . I'm full of life . 
is going on a walk with < PROPFEMALE > (: This snow is breathtakingly beautiful at night . 
wants to know who < PROPFEMALE > Dobrev ( Vampire Diaries ) is dating . 
is droppin ' blades on yo ass bitch . 
\not eating\ " didn't work out too well . Time for some laxatives . " 
If it makes you happy , then why the hell are you so sad ? 
All the chemicals in a human body combined are worth about $8.50 ( £6.25 ) if sold separately . 
I think I've made too many mistakes with you . 
Tonight's guarranteeing a plethora of complete epicness . 
needs a new intellectual mental stimulator , who can keep up with the current of my thoughts . Any offers ? Oh that's right , no . Man oh man , how I'd love to gtfo of this place . 
just downloaded some oldies , ready to go on a nice bike ride on this lovely day . 
And for your information , I don't think you're cute , smart , funny , or any amount of interesting enough to be chased after . 
is going to effing fail this test . 
FAIL . Racial profilin ' BITCH ! 
Hey guess what ? Fuck everything . Apparently I do things girls shouldn't do . Sheez , guess I needa read a fucking < PROPMALE > on how to be human . Sorry for not conforming , assholes . 
He loves me for my mind , oh how he loves me for my mind . And I love him , too . He makes my complications seem more simple in his light . He makes our complications seem easier to handle if we are together . Things are just so , simply complex . Just the way I like it . Why does my other half have to be so far away ? 
SUPERRRCROSSS ! WHOO ! 
is not happy to be home . 
You know what I think someone should invent ? Flushable tampons . Juss ' sayin ' . 
I'm getting my internet cut off again :'( 
just got done stripping my room of all it's furniture and other worldly items . My limbs are screaming . Hello , bottle of blackberry merlot , candles , Incubus and nice , hot bubble bath , you guys sure are some sweet company after this long day . 
How can you make yourself go to sleep ? 
I LOVE religion . 
There is love in your body but you can't get it out , it gets stuck in your head , won't come out of your mouth , sticks to your tongue and it shows on your face that the sweetest of words have the bitterest taste . 
is highly annoyed . 
Sometimes , my heart feels like it's going to explode because it's so full of love . But then again , sometimes it feels like it's going to implode because it's so lacking . Point is , I miss you . Don't waste your time on me , you're already the voice inside my head . 
has the house to herself for a few hours . Pig out on pizza and watch Heroes ? I believe I will . 
Call me Mr. Flintstone , I can make ya bed rock giiiirl . Bout to finish up muh room , whoop whoop ! It's so pretty , I may post pics when I'm done :D 
just finished season 1 of Heroes (: 
seriously , seriously , has BPD . WHOO ! < PROPFIRST > Petrelli . Mmm . 
< PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland :D 
Wah wah wah . I wish my phone would stop ringing . Rainy monday . My thorat hurts . I want FOOD . I'm gonna go lay down and watch some of the movies Nat gave me . Sounds good . 
stayed home sick . Wah wah wah . Weekend , hurry up and get here , k ? 
doesn't think it's even safe to feel this happy . I'm as bipolar as < PROPFEMALE>'s weather . Whhaaatttt ?!?! 
wishes she could examine the esoteric soul of < PROPMALE > Houdini . 
I hate Drake < PROPFEMALE > . HATE . 
VAMPIRE DIARIES ! 
< PROPFIRST > CULLEN IS SO WHITE BECAUSE THERE'S NO SUN IN THE CLOSET . 
One finger up and I'm out , cuz bitch you aint even worth two . 
is off to muh- fuckin ' Adriannes ! Whoot whoot ! 
I'm so content I want to cry (': I really , really needed that . Mhm . Finger- lickin gewd . 
Boyz boyz boyz . HE has my mind . But HE has my body . And HE has my soul . Confliction , overshadowed by complete , utter happiness . I think I'm learning to live in the moment . 
Dinner dinner dinner wifff Bunnnayyy :D I'm diggin ' this self- transformation thing goin on . 
Dear tomorrow night , hurry the fuck up and get here okay ? Oh uh , I've decided that Pathology is the best movie known to man . 
I love my friends (: 
is in love with < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . And House . 
Sometimes , gay people get on my nerves . We all know you're gay . Cool . Why don't you just act normal ? Just because you're a gay guy doesn't mean you should be primp all the time and talk like a fucking < PROPFEMALE > . And just because you're lesbian doesn't mean you should make comments about every girl that walks by and hate everything that has a penis . I think I'm the most homophobic half- homo I know . Seriously . 
forgot how great Gangs of New York was . The opening fight scene ? Blood and snow and fast motion . Freaking EPIC . 
is stressed/ irritated . Has been . No bueno . 
And we don't want no problems , okay you a goon but whats a goon to a goblin ? Yeah , Big Kane on the beat , fuck around and leave a nigga brains on the street ooooh 
That sheet , on which she embroided fantails once , spread it so as to cover her face . If her horny feet portrude , they come to show how cold she is , and dumb . Let the lamp afix its beam . The only emperor , is the emperor of ice cream . 
Just 19 and sucker's dream , I guess I thought you had the flavor . 
Got a smile that’ll hold you together And a touch that’ll tear you apart . Today's a country music day , mhm . Goin ' fishin ' sooon (: 
Today is a lazy day . Recovery is needed . Oh , learned how to use a sewing machine yesterday . Im making a bathing suit (: 
mises < PROPMALE > E . Cheese . 
It's in the water baby . 
You know what sounds cool ? Slaughterhouse69 . Just sayin ' . 
wants to see Book of < PROPMALE > again . * Sigh . 
B-b-b- < PROPMALE > and the jets . 
Subconsciously I constantly narrate my life in my head in third person in a british accent . 
Helllloooo Kidneythieves . You are amazing . 
I'm just gagging on all the all right . I'm so happy , so happy . I'm in heaven , yeah heaven . Oh the season's come for opium . 
is sick/ irritated/ stressed/ disappointed . 
You're a bore . 
You know what I dislike ? Intrusion of thought . Beautiful day+Tycho+yoga = Enlightenment . I want a bowl of cereal and for an episode of House to come on . 
Oh and Happy Earth Day ! Lets stomp through the woods , light up some leaves and cut down some trees . 
Hemp bracelet madness , and then maybe another nice , long run through the pasture and junkyard , mhm . Im lovin all these aching muscles in my body . 
I cant even begin to care about anything right now . 
So maybe Ill spiral into another pit of metaphors and pretty imagery . Maybe every sense of literality I have left in me will drift away into clouds of dust . Im not saying Ill enter a fantasy world , where everything I speak is tainted with dillusion , in case you were wondering . I need to take myself off this pedestal . 
I had a dream last night , and it fit me like a glove . There was a scream last night , it was gettin ' kind of fun . Freaking Butthole Surfers . 
is hoping for a tornado . I love hearing the sirens go off , reminds me of Silent Hill . I is excited . 
I WANT SOME FREAKING COOKIE DOUGH ICE CREAM AND I WILL NOT STOP ASKING FOR IT UNTIL I RECEIVE IT . That is all . 
It's kinda funny ya know ... these little things we do to remind ourselves that we're alive . It's funny , but scary . Scary because they're just so neccessary . 
I don't mind the sun sometimes , the images it shows , I can taste you on my lips and smell you in my clothes . Cinnamon and sugary , and softly spoken lies . You never know just how you look through other people's eyes . 
Wiener , frankfurter , sausage , banger- encased minced meat . Wiener wiener wiener wiener . 
My mom and brother are arguing over ouija boards and spirits . Here's a wise idea ... just don't fuck with ' em . 
They write books about this sorta thing . 
I should just bite my tongue . The taste of the blood is much more preferable to the taste of my foot . 
Him's clever . Him's nice . Him's puttin ' a smile on my face as I rest my eyes tonight . 
A < PROPFEMALE > softly soaring through my atmosphere . 
Children are the little pieces of crusted dingle berries amongst a < PROPFEMALE > litter box in society . 
LOVE my family ! 
WACKA FLOCKA FLAME ! ... But seriously ... I'm really kinda bored , and fat right now . And want to watch < PROPMALE > shmil-uh- shmockis . Oh , did I mention that the entire fucking world can suck my < PROPMALE > ? Cuz it can . 
My salsa makes all the pretty girls want to dance and take off their underpants . 
Ice cream and pizza ... can I get a hell yeah ?! 
I love how certain pills have side effects that cause what it's supposed to be curing . 
misses her hair :'( 
Just curious ... What kinda world do you live in ? 
needs some company . I'm in a ranting mood , to the extreme . 
Everything is disgusting . 
I think I'm going to paint today . I'm striving to find beauty in something , maybe this will help . I think I may enjoy spending so much time alone too much . 
is so completely untiredly tired . 
Boys . 
I feel summer creepin ' in and I'm tired of this town again . Oh my my , oh hell yes , gotta put on that party dress . 
Had my hopes up . I need some intellectual stimulation , bad . 
\HOLY SHEEYAT ! \"" 
Passive Aggressive . 
Sooo , whos heard of the new Halo game ? Yeah , uhm , it sucks . I hate how they keep adding more gay and unneeded shit on it . 
Sadomasochism . Gotta love it , really . 
Have I ever mentioned how much I just love < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > ? 
I am SO ready to be done with school . I have a massive migraine . 
“The path up is the path down . The way forward is the way back . The universe inside is outside but the universe outside is inside . ” 
Running in the woods , and swimming . Excellent . 
is about to shoot through a creativity vortex . I need to keep my hands busy so my mind will quiet down . 
I think I enjoy making fun of people to myself too much . 
Does anyone remember that game in which you could be an alien spaceship or firetruck , or some other badass vehicle and you went around blowing up buildings and stuff ? Yeah yeah , pleeease tell me someone knows what I'm talking about . 
I love how EVERY guy on EVERY social network has AT LEAST one picture of his bare chest . It should be illegal . 
misses him , kinda sorta really bad . The mountains are nice though . Tubing tomorrow ? Mhm , maybeee . 
is highly annoyed with the way things are working out . I did come across a town in which everyone's last name was Rapers today , and that was kinda grand . Cranium tonight and tubing tomorrow looks pretty promising . Go beer . 
SORE from tubing . It rained ... okay , more like stormed . It was freakin EPIC . 
is in love with Scrubs . Seriously , best show ever . Oh , and I is comin ' home tomorrow ! What what ?! 
Ya know that song Airplanes by B.O.B ? Yeah , I could dig it . I'ma jammin ' . 
Hello reality check , it's been a while . 
just got back from the Senior photo thing . I LOVED the photographers , I wanna party with them , forrealz . 
Flava Flav and < PROPFEMALE > Nielsen will forever be my most favorite couple . 
is so over with stupidity . I need to have a good conversation with someone . Irritation has reached its peak right about now . Can someone please get on my fucking level for once ? 
is downloading an Eminem CD , I'm fucking xcore . Fuck the world right now . 
just burned a party CD . Ready to get CRUNK ~~~***)))) 
maaaay watch V for Vendetta , it's been a minute . Movie suggest-ee-onz ? 
I'm falling in love with < PROPFIRST > Bukowski . Mission for tonight : find a word that defines this thought I'm having perfectly . 
You know those times , when vitriol is fucking PULSING through your veins ? Yeah , now's one of those times . Misanthropy , total , utter Misanthropy . Perpetual rebellion with absolutely no cause . 
nightmares involving the Grudge and not being able to find the remote to watch tv and calm your nerves = no fuckin ' bueno . 
If I could marry my dog , knife and trinkets , I would . 
ALLLL this energy and nothing to do . I think I'm gonna wipe the dust off my keyboard and have a little jam sesh all to myself . 
Goodmorning consistent migraines and rumbling tummy , glad you could join me on my way to fucking summer school . Mama better make me crack a grin with some subway . 
My day never ends .... ever . 
\You don't know what rough is until you've dealt with a true African < PROPFEMALE > ... ( WHAPOOSH ! ) Kneel to Enzinga ! \ " I would like to know why everyone's so emotional today . My mom tried to hug me after we watched Valentines day . She was denied . " 
My ears know how to drive me insane . I need some peace of sound . 
Tomorrow will be a better day . 
will remaster part of Fur < PROPFEMALE > today . I want to slap myself for forgetting how to play . 
Why is a < PROPFEMALE > like a writing desk ? 
Naaaature is a whore . 
Another restless night . Why can't I just sleep like normal people ? 
Run run running through the junkyard . Maybe interesting things will be there . 
You know he ain't gonna die . 
Tricking the mind . 
I forgot how gay Dragonball Z < PROPFEMALE > was in the beginning . \You're a bully ! You're stupid and ugly and MEAN ! waaah ! \ " Really Gohan ? " 
Life is a joke . So have a sense of humor , right ? I think my humor's run a bit too dry . All I have left is a wrinkled brow and a clenched fist . I wish I could crush empathy like I do the insignificant parasites glued to the bottom of my shoes . I need to move on , out of this fucking state . 
Most beautiful moment . Ever . 
\People like YOU are the reason people like ME need medication . \ " SOML . " 
is aching to rent a houseboat on lake Lanier . I need some source of money . 
Lord of War . The worlds top arms dealers : the US , the UK , < PROPFEMALE > and Russia . All permanent members of the < PROPFEMALE > Security Council . Way to fight for peace . 
I don't know what you've done to me , but I know this much is true- I wanna do bad things with you . 
Why the FUCK is this < PROPFIRST > Bieber song stuck in my head ? I'm about to make a trip to my stepfathers tool shed . This problem will be fixed . 
just woke up . It's all gray outside and my mom's watching New < PROPFEMALE > , go figure . Is it bad that the only scene I'll stop dead in my tracks to watch is the one with her sitting at the window all morbidly depressed while \Possibility\ " is playing ? Brings me some sort of sick pleasure . " 
From < PROPFIRST > , With Love = BOSS . 
Fun fact : Short nose fruit bats are the first adult non-human animal to be observed regularly engaging in oral sex . 
wants to party . Rephrase : NEEDS to party . I'm getting restless guys , come on . 
Thug from around tha waaay . I need some good rap songs , yes yes I do . 
This day was a bust . I'm pissed . I might just go sit in the rain , smoke a cigarette and listen to I Feel Like Dying . Sounds good . 
Jumping off of a mountain into a sea of Codeine . I'm at the top of the top but still I climb , and if I should ever fall , the ground will then turn to wine . Pop , Pop , I feel like flying , then I feel like frying , then I feel like dying . 
really loves her best friend . Yes , yes I do . 
Freaking SCORE ! Today and tonight will be some good times , mhm YUP ! 
I'm in love with < PROPMALE > Cook . That's it . 
is eating too much . 
Weird sunburn , scraggly hair , tired eyes , worn out limbs , MORE freckles , and slightly hungover . I've never felt so good . 
Annoyed . Really annoyed . I want to move away and marry the one person I know I would never get tired of . 
\He took down my panties and wrote the alphabet with his tongue . \ " I'm re-piercing my damn nose . " 
Girls will be boys and boys will be girls , it's a mixed up , muddled up , shook up world except for < PROPFEMALE > , Lo-lo-lo-lo < PROPFEMALE > . 
Everyone's afraid of their own life . If you could be anything you want I bet you'd be disappointed , am I right ? No one really knows the ones they love . If you knew everything they thought I bet that you'd wish that they'd just shut up . 
I'm so bored I'm considering resurrecting my myspace by doing a bulletin survey with deep , thorough answers . What is my world coming to ? 
I love my parents not being home , I get to blast the radio and dance around in my bathing suit while cleaning the house very meticulously . Shweet . 
hasn't woken up this early in a minute . < PROPFEMALE>'s making me a special breakfast to make up for locking me out of the house last night . Can't complain . 
Love , the kind you clean up with a mop and bucket , like the lost catacombs of Egypt only God knows where we stuck it , hieroglyphics ? Let me be Pacific , I wanna be down in your South Seas , but I got this notion that the motion of your ocean means \Small Craft Advisory \"." 
just watched Shutter Island , gotta say it wasn't as big as a disappointment as I thought it would be . 
finally gets to see Clash of the Titans ! And I get to watch it alone , helll yeah . Whoot whoot for dollar theaterrr . 
Why can't the world just wise up and give a girl on her period whatever the hell she wants ? Oh well , I guess everyone is just going to have to suffer through the consequences of their actions . Game on . 
has something grand to look forward to tomorrow , yes yes yes I doooo . 
Nothin ' like waking up to an oil spill debate . Dear < PROPFEMALE > , we're fucked . 
< PROPMALE > Cage . He's one sexy , sadistic , brilliant motherfucker . 
GORILLAZ . And a headache . 
Saving Private < PROPFIRST > . WHYYY does < PROPMALE > have to die ? Seriously . 
Disconnected . Lost in dimensions . Mind and body on the verge of bursting into a million little pixels . 
La Fee Verte . 
You know what really grinds my gears ? The human race . And the fact that there's never any fucking food in this house . Yeah , that's it . 
Everyone in my house needs to leave . My anticipation for a swimfest has been terminated . Assholes . 
If God was a woman , and she had a voice , it would be < PROPFEMALE > and the Machine . Her lyrics never cease to amaze me . It's such beautiful poetry , that actually makes sense , unlike most frilly faggot artists who throw a bunch of pretty lines and words together that are completely irrelevant and random . 
I'm gonna do this like/love/hate thing . Soooo , like this status and I'll let ya know what's up . 
Wine and fireworks . Lovinnnn ' iiiit . 
Solitude . 
I woke up today and just decided to be a lesbian . Hello , world . 
Oh these soft legged girls , and hard faced boys , they know no god , they have no voice . 
LMAOOFDMOMOTHNIONERTHEOTBM BONER ! 
I love being woken up with my aunt and mother shoving Parrot Bay in my face . NO MORE . Okay , maybe I might just reacquaint myself when we go jet skiing later . Maybe . 
Kids Bop , why do you have to ruin Lady Gaga's songs ? You can take < PROPFIRST > Bieber and < PROPFIRST > Lambert , but leave Gaga alone , surriously . 
Fuck this . 
You know what I dislike ? When people post statuses demanding people to stop bitching about life in theirs . Dude , it's facebook , and were human beings , we all have room to bitch , especially in this wonderful , virtual world where we can be passive aggressive all we want . Yeah , it's annoying , but uhm , I've seen at least 5 whiny ass statuses by each and every one of you , including myself . Just deal with it . 
Aye Momma Kaaaay . Today was long , eventful , and completely worth every thing that went wrong . 
Time . Goes . By . So . Slowly . 
woke up at 3 , didn't go back to sleep til 7 . Yay . I'm definitely gonna play video games all day . 
wants to start dancing and doing yoga every day again . 
\Do you smell it ? That smell . A kind of smelly smell . The smelly smell that smells ... smelly ... \"" 
Oh rain and cigarettes and green tea , you are my friends . I'm finally home , but I already miss my darling . Interpol , I'm listening to you tonight . 
Dear After Midnight , you are not my friend . You make me itch for intoxications . You make my eyes dark , my mind dark , and everything around me dark . You make me smoke too many cigarettes and drink too much coffee . You remind me of how tired I am , without allowing me to sleep , and you kind of kill me . But you're so devastatingly beautiful . It hurts to love you , you black hearted bitch . Sincerely , your psychotic lover . 
Eventful day , mhm . Gon git ready fer some mawr fun , whoot whoot for swimming and music and other good stuff . 
People reallyyy make me fucking laugh sometimes . On another note , had a great night , despite the fact that I witnessed the epic cinematic FAIL of The Sorcerers Apprentice . 
I really really really like being weird , and crazy . As a matter of fact I may even LOVE it . Oh yeah , I do . 
Slob on my knob , like corn on the cob . Squeeze on my nuts , lick on my butt . Good , long night . Lots of cleaning ahead of me , and another night of epicness . This end-of-summer-cram-sesh-of-fun is gonna work . 
Years ago < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > had sex in a semi truck and sperm got infused with the leather on the seat . Today , that semi truck is known as Optimus Prime . 
Porn , I hate you . 
The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus . < PROPMALE > Ledger , < PROPFIRST > Depp , < PROPFIRST > Law , and < PROPMALE > Farrell ? Do want . 
YOU'RE A HOOKER ! ... For real though , you really are kind of a disgusting prostitute , don't you have an old mans < PROPMALE > to be sucking right now ? 
Pretty . Boy . Swag . 
Fucking drama queens today , man . 
I love my Tarot card readings . Though they are slightly vague and generalized , they fit my situations and give me some sense of hope and direction , artificial or not . I mean , I'm only human , we're sort of built to run on those sorta things any way , might as well be from a card with a pretty drawing on it , right ? 
just saw Inception . I need a serious snap back into reality . 
Early ass morning . Schedule change , deal with that bullshit . Then , school shopping with the brothers and gettin ' my hair diiid . 
PMS : Pissed at Men Syndrome . Love it . I couldn't handle the mall , these migraines are hittin ' like crazy lately . I'm gonna chill at the house by myself , maybe clean up , cook and watch Signs . GREENPOWER . 
I've eatin ' one microwavable pot pie , two bowls of Capn ' Crunch , a bowl of spaghetti and two McChickens , all within a period of one hour . I think I might explode . After this ice cream . 
You know what I say ? Fuck the bullshit . I'm about to be reaaal happy . 
just got in the mood for some old school hip hop and r&b . 
I'm just a little black raiiiin clouuud , hovering under the < PROPFEMALE > tree . 
practicing new thought processes . Tricking the mind . Shifting perception . It's kind of hard , ya know . But necessary , very necessary . 
Can we fast-forward till you go down on me ? 
No ceilings muthafucka goodmornin ' , < PROPMALE > in ya mouf while ya yawnin ' . 
Tumblr is down , and it's making me frown , If I were a < PROPFEMALE > , I'd have a pointy crown . 
I just can't stand blatant hypocrites and closed minded people . 
Fucking < PROPMALE > Hardy , my new obsession . Bronson , here I come . 
I am holding a guard hostage , I would like an inflatable doll , a helicopter and a cup of tea as ransom . 
The Runaways . Definitely not what I expected . It's actually pretty fucking epic . 
Oh Wikileak superstar , it tickles me pink that your name is Bradass87 . Whatever happen to having enough common sense to keep your screen name vague enough to conceal your identity , ESPECIALLY if you're going to hack \top secret\ " military information ? " 
Fucking orientation tomorrow . Night time , I hate you . School , I hate you too . But I do miss you . 
Fucked up schedules are always fun . Where my < PROPMALE > V nigga's at ? 
I'm way too empathetic for my own good . 
< PROPFEMALE > , you're never too old to get punched in the mouth . 
My eyes are super wigged out , and I look like a crackhead . I'm gon have some vivid dreams tonight , mhm YUP ! 
Mother mother fuck , mother mother fuck fuck , mother fuck mother fuck . Smokin weed , smokin weed , doin ' coke , drinkin beers , drinkin beers , beers beers . Rollin ' fatties , smokin blunts . Who smokes the blunts ? We smoke the blunts . 
I never liked a sad look from someone who wants to be loved by me . 
I SO HUNGRY AND DON'T KNOW WHAT TEW EAT ! 
Fucking Daft Bodies . 
She's a man eater . Last night of SUMMER :( I haven't done anything . 
WE DIDN'T START THE FIRE ! 
I hate seeing gay guys who feel they need to fit this frilly stereotype society's created for them . You know , you can be gay and masculine too , in fact I believe that's the way it should be . After all , you do have dicks . 
Can't keep my hands out da cookie jar . 
School shoppin ' , with my dearest . And mother . Oh man , shopping stresses me out so bad . 
is going to watch movies and eat all day , as usual . School school school , job job job . I can't wait to get out of this place . 
HAPPY SHARK WEEK . Chompin ' on the limbs of puny creatures and just bein ' plain bamfs for over 420 million years . Way to go little fishies . 
Senioritis , alllllready . 
Stupidity . 
Oh today was a bit stressful . But , I had some realllll good news when I got home . And , I get to graduate early (: SUPER excited . Don't have to suffer through that suck ass school for too much longer . 
< PROPFEMALE > Borealis should be slightly visible from < PROPFEMALE > tonight if you're in a dark enough area , and the sky decides to clear up and not be all gay and smuggy . 
I don't get the :3 face ... it kinda looks like you're insinuating you suck balls , or have them in front of your mouth . 
People won't be people when they hear this sound . Still haven't got my schedule changed , fml . 
I could watch Bad Romance all day every day and never get tired of it . 
Home . Hungry . Tired . Oh darling , you make me feel good . I need to finish school shopping . 
is completely determined to start eating more healthy . Gettin ' down on that research < PROPMALE > ! 
I can't tell you what it really is , I can only tell you what it feels like . 
It's just my nature to love destruction . 
She's got both hands , in her pockets , but she won't look at you , won't look at you . She hides true love , en su bolsillo . 
In my head again . I swear there's human in me somewhere . 
Fuck the culture . The culture's whack . 
Air and Choke . How ironic , eh ? 
She said she's pregnant ... It's coat hanger o ' clock ! 
New schedule : \ 
1 . < PROPMALE > ( hopefully)\ 
2 . Eng Lit Adv\ 
3 . Physics\ 
4 . SAT Prep\ 
Tell me I'll have some company ? 
needs a chill pill . Has BEEN needing a chill pill . Just ain't myself no mo . I need to re- dye my hair . And get it cut ... short . I'm dreading it :( 
Tomater soup and grilled cheese , the only upsides of being sick . Kinda want it to be winter , so I can curl up to a fire place . Summer sickness sucks . 
Tell me why I'm listening to < PROPFIRST > Timberlake . WHYYY ? 
Dude , grow a fucking back bone . Have your own thoughts and words . I hate leeches , for real . 
Todays topic- People : Detailed descriptions as to why you should hate them , and yourself . There's only a handful of brain- pumping non- artificials this doesn't apply to . Ask me if you're one of them , just be warned that you might not get the answer you like . 
takes great pride in being a sycophantic succubus . Yessss yes yes . 
So they say you'd best go your separate ways , guess that they don't know you , cuz today , that was yesterday , yesterday is over , it's a different day , sounds like broken records playin ' over . 
Unicorns , paper clips , girls with black hair . Calisthenics . 
FUCK homework . I can't even remember the last time I even did this . My brain has stopped working , I swear . \I'm in a glass case of emotion ! \"" 
Yeah , I talk to trees , what's up ? 
Conception : A movie starring < PROPMALE > Hardy and my ovaries . 
I'm resurrecting debo . 
Today is going to be grrrrrrreat ! 
Blood sugar sucker fish in my dish , how many pieces do you wish . 
Anhedonia . Confabulation . Cotard’s syndrome . Idée fixe . Palinacousis . Psychopathology's for me . 
WE ARE SIAMESE IF YOU PLEASE . 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > is the prettiest movie I've ever seen . It's . So . Gorgeous . 
I wanna be superficial . 
Come to daddy . I want to eat your soul . 
This is bad . Really bad . 
Shopping makes any girl feel better . 
Definitely been feelin ' the Pisces lately . 
This whole deal about seeing mars as big as the < PROPFEMALE > tonight ... it's fake . It's astronomically impossible . However , Jupiter will be beside the < PROPFEMALE > tonight , although it will only appear to be a large < PROPFEMALE > . FYI : NO planet will ever be close enough to us to appear the size of the < PROPFEMALE > . Come on now . 
BURR ! 
I could eat a bowl of alphabet soup , and shit a better argument than that . 
I miss partying . 
These children learn from cigarette burns , fast cars , fast women and cheap drinks . All these asphyxiated , self medicated , take the white pill you'll feel alright . 
Just to let everyone know , since no one has enough common sense and courtesy to mind their own fucking business , I HAVE A BOYFRIEND , AND I AM VERY HAPPY IN MY RELATIONSHIP . Back the fuck up , and shut the fuck up . 
In ancient Rome , when a man testified in court he would swear on his testicles . 
An average person will consume 12 pubic hairs in their fast food annually . 
One in every 5,000 babies are born without a butt hole , which has to be created manually by the hospital . 
I'm ready to get wasted . 
After your mom does the dishes and the silverware , I'll dry fuck her till I nut in my underwear . 
There are nearly 2,600 people shaving their balls worldwide right now . 
I seriously wish I could stop being so nervous and spazzy all the time . 
So fucking sick of this house . 
Extremely beautiful day , made even better with the help of my vitamin V , and my dearest coming over . Ooooh life . 
wants to go to an amusement park . 
hates babies . If I had a handful of babies right now , I'd make baby soup with my bare hands . 
loves those moments when you realize how simple life is . Everything is interchangeable , manipulable , and I usually put a lot of pressure on myself to make these changes and do this manipulating . But there are rare moments that I realize just how out of my hands these kinds of things are . And relinquishing that stress , well , it's what brings about the biggest forms of change and capability of manipulation within me . 
Job hunting . Any suggestions ? 
In California , molesting butterflies can result in a $500 fine . 
I will forever love < PROPFEMALE > Manson . Fuq da haterz . 
Wine and Death Cab ? Yeah , think I'll go there tonight . 
Razors pain you , rivers are damp , acids stain you and drugs cause cramp . Guns aren't lawful , nooses give , gas smells awful . You might as well live . 
VAMPIRE DIARIES ! It's been too long . 
Got my hair cut ... now time for my wrists . 
BAH humbug . The ACT wasn't so bad . 
is going to be a fox for halloween . Or a snake ... 
KICK-ASS ! 
Lady Gaga stole my bacon outfit idea . Cunt . I still love you . 
Only those with a tumblr will understand this , but ... vintage-hippie just started following me , and has reblogged like 10 of my pictures . I guess it's kind of sad how excited I am about this . BUT IT FUCKING ROCKS . SUUUCK EEET . 
Still a man . He is alone in the universe , but he connects . How ? They hit each other . No clearer way to evaluate whether or not you’re alive . 
Male honeybees only get to have sex once in their life because it kills them . During ejaculation the penis breaks off inside the female , and the male dies within hours . 
I seriously cannot believe the completely insensitive audacity of some people . 
Backseat . 
Cake , cigarette , running . C-C-C-COMBO BREAKER ! 
I seriously hate it when people are unnecessarily rude , especially to people they don't even know . 
Cynical today . 
Camo shorts and bubble kusssh . 
I do believe I have the best significant other ever . 
FINALLY got my college shit figured out . Future , you're lookin ' so pretty . 
No jk jk jk lololol , I <3 your fucking make up , omg I love your hair , is that a new tattoo ? Did that piercing fucking hurt ? No jk jk jk lololol . 
People , do you not understand that I can see right through you ? Just stop , you look like fucking idiots . 
I eat alone in the desert with skulls for my pets , I rate the days one to ten with lead cigarettes . Nausea , oh nausea , and we're gone 
just learned how to say \I will kill you\ " in sign language . " 
Tonight needs to hurry up and get here . 
I ain't < PROPFEMALE > ran from a nigga and I damn sho ain't bout to pick today to start runnin ' . I love wakin ' up to coffee and a cigarette with my bestfriend on a beautiful , COLD morning , then eating a good ole hearty breakfast . SHIBBY ! 
I REALLY miss and wanna go to Halloween Horror Nights . And I REALLY can't wait to move into this gorgeous apartment , can I get a HIYO on a heated salt water pool and a view that'll make your panties fly off ? Yeah . HIYO ! 
Dream interpreting . 
Folie à deux . 
What is up with these freakin dreams ? Scary stuff man . 
Someone get me to the Rally to Restore Sanity on the 30th . Seriously . 
Beware of fickle foes and slimy slugs , of hookers dressed like ladies and boys dressed like thugs , of glassy eyes and those patched up , of broken glasses and empty cups . Though I'm not truthful , I do not lie , beware these things that make up life . 
I want loads of clothes and fuckloads of diamonds , I heard people die while they're trying to find them . I'll take my clothes off and it will be shameless , cuz everyone knows that's just how you get famous . 
It's like the bad luck beast decided to take a giant steamy dump on my life . Fuck you bad luck beast , fuck you . 
I like butt chins , and getting accepted into college . 
I reallllyyyyyy dislike invasion of privacy . 
Everyone wants to be mad . We’re all mad at heart , or should I say at mind . But no one has the balls to go all the way . Thanks society . For making the naturally insane , clinically insane . 
Hair extensions and Smokin Aces 
Whyyyy do I force myself to eat so much ? Oh that's right , cuz food is freaking AWESOME . Now I might kill a toilet . 
SUCKY SUCKY SUCKY . But seriously , this sucks . 
got my terd skates on goin down poop alley , sippin on cooter juice , munchin on a fart taco , singin those good ole songs about meddlin twats and frozen babies . lovin ' life , one under-aged girl at a time . 
At the library ... not getting books . It smells like old people and baby drool and retard slime . I really don't like Auburn , or this hick county in general . 
My house is so fucking loud and annoying . 
Oh weekends , I love you . 
wants to see Megamind , yes yes I do . 
Yo doc , you can gimme some killa meds for my back ? Possibly roll over it with a street roller ? Stretch me out like taffy ? Resurrect < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > to gimme a chop job ? Shiiit . 
Suck my < PROPMALE > with red lipstick and don’t let it smear . WEEZY 
Intoxication at it's best . Thoughts that fester and words that whisper , annihilation or a nihilist ? You know they're both the same , one inflicts the body , one inflicts the brain . Masochism reaches it's peak , mutilation of what you hold to the highest esteem . Don't fret , let it sink in , let it fill your pores with lustful sin . It's fulfillment , it's hate , it's < PROPFEMALE > in it's most tempting state . 
Meteor shower tonight , little Orionids will be shooting across the sky . Unless you've already seen it this morning ( which woulda been your best bet ) you might be able to get a glimpse of it way later tonight , if the full < PROPFEMALE > isn't blasting so much light everywhere . 
GHOST HUNTERS . I haven't been looking into anything paranormal or supernatural lately , I do miss it . 
Flyin on a kite so high in the sky , its like a balloon just popped in my eye . Oh wait , that was just another nigga tryna ruin my vibe . 
Lots of ice cream and waffles with whipped cream annnd family guy and chowder . lets do iiiit 
No school today , yay . 
You boys is washed up , and I'm still shittin on em like two girls and one cup , oooh 
readyyy to party . i miss bonfires and good people . bringin dat shit back yo . 
What a day . Trying to be logical and optimistic at the same time is kinda hard , but necessary . Bad luck monster always burpin ' in my face and stealin ' muh sunshine . BUUUT , one thing's for sure , my one and only is indubitably THE best . Jadore 
RUUUUDE ! 
If it isn't one thing it's another . Oh well , kinda makes me feel like superwoman . I shall bathe now , with my good ole friends monsieur big spongy et mademoiselle < PROPFEMALE > bubbles . Aye ? aye ? OKAY ! 
wants thigh high socks . 
has no idea vat to do for halloween . 
So I'm home , and alive , contrary to popular belief . Weekend was definitely eventful , a few new firsts . I just can't wait to get an apartment , whoooo whoo whooot . Gotta rest my bones and watch It's The Great Pumpkin , < PROPFIRST > Brown . Chyeah , go Halloween ! 
Gay/bi/lezbo extremists- The way I see it , if you're looking for equality and unity , don't separate yourself . 
EW , school . 
Hercules was one of the most bad ass classic disney movies ever made . 
Prop 19 fail :( 
good night (: apartments dis weekend . * brrrrrt 
found an apartment ! 
ouch , i've lost myself again . 
i'm tired of all these ugly ass motherfuckers that i don't even know trying to add me . no , i don't think it's cute that you take mirror pictures to show off your 5th grade 4 pack to distract from your crater face and jagged butter teeth . fuck off . 
anyone else find the bells in auburn to be a bit ... eerie ? 
\you're just a backyard baby with a diaper full of dreams . \"" 
oh < PROPFIRST > you're so fine you're so fine you blow my mind hey < PROPFIRST > . tennessee tonight , whoot whoot ! 
Some people are just so beautiful . 
And when I was five my favorite movie was The Gremlins , ain't got shit to do with this but I just thought that I should mention . 
can't wait to get out of this damn house . < PROPMALE > potter tonight ! whatuuuup . 
so anxious right now . 
i HATE it when people ( mainly girls ) have the same exact picture over and over and over . we get it , you look better when you smile like that and tilt your head a certain way , but do you have to be doing it in EVERY picture ? give me some variety , mkaaay . 
Where has the excitement gone ? I'll never be satisfied . Cracked eggs and loose thoughts , broken blood and vodka shots . 
clean house , nice day (: aaaah , smoke time . 
mommy mode engaged . full force . 
REPENT 
computer noises and techno make me a little bit too excited . 
tick tick tick BOOM . more monotony . 
when i was young , i had a blue's clue's handy dandy notebook . 
i miss my baby . waking up to bacon/egg/cheese sandwiches , running from mall cops , the apartment , thanksgiving dinners , more spilt wine , < PROPFEMALE > box , black friday sales , a mysterious line in the night sky , starbucks . you know , \sharing\ " and all that good stuff . jadore . " 
she always has dreams in her eyes . 
stop trying to act clever . your excessive use of big words and displacement of said big words just shows how incredibly shallow and dumb you really are . 
i'm just going to take a really extremely long hot bath . and maybe die a little bit . and then come back to life when i get out and the cold air hits me and all the hair i just shaved off automatically grows back . fuck this day , hard . 
i hate it when my insomnia kicks up . 
longest , most pointless orientation ever . but mission was accomplished ... for the most part . 
school ... yay 
contentment , with a side of hot chocolate . 
really wants some sushi right now . it smelled like hot sushi in < PROPFIRST>' room today , but then again there's always some odd smell leaking out of that dreaded hell hole . baby oil , queefs and dumpster diving . that is all . oh , who wants to do some < PROPMALE > projects for me ? on the real , you will be rewarded with anything you could ask for from me . besides money . 
big hair+little body = perfect . my dog is obsessed with light , since we threw the lazer away he's been sitting by the fire crying because i guess ... he wants to be inside it ? dogs , so easily amused . i think i may start working on the outline of my book soon . 
wow ... nice . people can come up with some pretty intricate , believable lies . i'll never let myself be that blind again . bitch mode initiated . just when i thought i was just so damn lucky . 
hittin on dudes ..... hard . 
does not like this new fb . 
really , REALLY needs new clothes . 
cookie dough+baked cookies+milk+tropic thunder = supercalifragilisticexpialidocious . 
i love fb . theres always some thing going on ( right now it's the whole snow ordeal ) and there's always people bashing said thing going on . you have those who were excited about it and those telling them to shut up about it . just like the number thing . those who are for it , and those who complain about it going on . and then you have people complaing about people complaining on statuses . how much more human can we get ? 
sense of well being 
stress . 
i've decided that i get along with libra's waaaay better than gemini's , or any other zodiac sign for that matter . i just ... love me some libra's . if i could have a libra in my cereal every day , i would . 
goodbye college . hello atlanta . oh , and i love cats . dogs too . 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > says that if you have receipts for buying crack , it's legal . depiction of her crack receipts : \4kraq\ " written in crayon . " 
just deleted a shit ton of people . my newsfeed and chat thing look oh so much better . adios creepos . 
moving TOMORROW . so much stuff to do today . oh and black swan , prepare for my eyes to rape the shit out of you . gotta find a xmas tree too , whoot whoot . 
pleasant surprises . wrapping up in a blanket and drowning myself in coffee and music and cigarettes tonight . words are flowing freely , and poetry may be spilled . the sky and trees are speaking to me , and the galaxies await . 
no sleep . killed my body with cigarettes and drinks . need a pick me up to pack me up . i hate feeling rearranged . 
Just got a phone . 7708827495 
Sick upon the first days of my moving in . My typical luck . 
true grit and shopping today . my nose finally works again , and i plan on smelling EVERYTHING . and decided on what to paint the living room : teal blue . 
i really want to be a cat . oh , and i am now the proud owner of two very especially adorable pairs of shoes . annnd , i believe that musicals should spontaneously happen throughout life , it just makes everything magnificent . \telling a patient they have cancer ? do it as a musical ! firing a long term employee who you so happen to be boning ? do it as a musical ! \ " yeah . " 
Look down at me and you'll see a fool . Look up at me and you'll see your god . Look straight at me and you'll see yourself . 
back down to auburn for the day , then athens tonight for new years . whoot whoooot 
Just saw < PROPMALE > hardy at walmart . 
Shadow self . 
the night's so quiet . even in the city . the lights are on but it's a ghost town . the whole world's asleep . 
I just wanna get drunk . And not be irritable . 
lying is the most fun a girl can have without taking her clothes off . 
its like a giant white slushee took a dump on the streets . i wanna see a legit wreck damnit . 
i've concluded that sonic the hedgehog was indeed , on cocaine . and if you play that game on cocaine , your heart would probably explode . last night at the fox there was a line of people waiting to cross the street , TO CROSS THE FREAKING STREET , it was at least a mile long . i think i popped a blood vessel in my right eye playing too much video games . now i feel like the terminator , and that's alright . 
comin down to auburn tewday . < PROPFEMALE>'s birfday . and i gotta practice diving cuuuz who has two thumbs and no drivers license ? this gal . but that shall be fiximated soon , hopefully . 
< PROPFEMALE > haya , white death . Don't fuck with a sniper . Oh and that movie piranhas , fucking hilarious . Great family movie . 
i have no idea what to do for my birthday . 
why can't humans be as simple and intuitive as dogs ? i think they can smell your soul . 
i had a drink the other day , i had a lot to say , and i said you will come down soon too . i love almost pissing myself in the car and coming home to steak and being made fun of because i was concentrating a bit too hard on opening a sauce bottle . oh , and money . what uuuup . 
Home is where my heart is . 
All Good Things . 
< PROPMALE > bridges and liam neeson have the coolest voices . 60's batman and 80's transformers kicks the ass of every television show on now . And cod4 is my new obsession , about time right ? 
thanks a load for the happy birthdays everyone ! bought my first pack of cigarettes , went iceskating for the first time and attempted to play ring of fire til 5am . now im suffering the consequences with a lovely headache . but its alllll gooood 
i love how every guy tries to claim they've had a threesome , when he doesn't even know how to satisfy just one vagina . and he'd probably come just watching the chicks make out during foreplay . 
oh look , kelso's cheating on < PROPFIRST > with < PROPFEMALE > portman . but wait , < PROPFIRST>'s cheating on kelso with < PROPFEMALE > portman too ? ooooh that couple . oh and guess what ZOOLANDER 2 is coming out in 2012 , what what ?! 
it's official . i now like to cook . a lot . wtf . i'm actually thinking of recipes . what issss thisss ? 
not getting my license this week either , also stuck at the apartment by myself for the whole week , and it's raining outside so i can't go job hunting right now , and considering how it's been so warm these past couple of days , it's probably going to be raining all week . oh well , shit needs to get done . trying to decide on spending my last bit of money on cigs or milk . OH WHY DO I HAVE TO CHOOSE BETWEEN MY ADDICTIONS ?! 
i may be bad but i'm perfectly good at it , sex in the air , i don't care i love the smell of it , sticks and stones may break my bones but chains and whips excite me . COME ON ! job hunting sucks , looks like i'm going back to being a freaking cashier . and i got hit on like a million times . it's flattering and i like it , but on the real , the bum kinda creeped me out . 
job hunting blows . maybe if i was black someone would at least consider hiring me . 
my neighbors probably hate me for making such weird , loud ass noises . i wonder if people can see me dancing and being weird outside my window ? a policeman blew his tire out on my street , and i'm just like \FUCK DA POOOOOLIIIIIIICE\ " pineapple express style . i will fill up condoms with mayo and throw them on cars within this week . AND I GET TO SEE MY DARLING IN TWO DAYS . i do miss him so . " 
Who has two thumbs and just got their license ? THIS GAL !!! 
I JUST WANNA GET A JOB AS A DOG GROOMER/SITTER ! is that too much to ask for ?! i love dogs and dogs love me . but no , i guess companies prefer old ass ladies who only attract dogs because they smell like bones . BECAUSE THEY'RE DYING . oh so if any of you have dogs , or even if you don't whatever , you should give me permission to put you down as one of my clients for references . ( yeah i'm lying on my resume , whats up ) 
oh wow . i need to get out of here . 
valentines day is fucking retarded . 
maybe i'm a bit too cynical . 
another realization . feminists or any woman against men always talk all this shit about them being such bad creatures , yet in their relationships with them ( if they haven't already gone full blown lesbian ) , they treat them just as bad , they're just more sneakier and grudge holding . from what i've learned , treat your man right and he won't be an ass . 
did i tell you guys i GOT A CAR ?! cuz i did . and i'm so tired , but driving around at night sounds so appealing right now . and so does food . i've been living off reeses and cigarettes all day . boy when i'm busy , i'm busy , constantly finding shit to do with myself . i didn't even know there were so many things that could be done during the day . 
Why do i get so pissed so fucking easily 
Apparently < PROPFEMALE > took away cupids xbox and he is very upset about it . Seems like everyones breaking up this month . Im so thankful for the stable , kickass relationship i have with my man . So ive started attempting to write again , im terribly < PROPMALE > but this growing reconnection with the world urges me to do so . Hopefully it will strengthen my vocabulary skills . My conversational abilites have become so inane . 
her nose hairs are so long they get tangled up with her nipple hair , her nipple hair oozes down towards a slime trap bat cave , a place where not even the bravest of truck drivers would wander . and she never has to worry about getting an abortion , because the baby would committ suicide before coming out ofthat howling beaver ruin . 
i will forever love my disney movies . But it does get kind of annoying when \reflection\ " from mulan is stuck in your head literally all day . And \ " part of your world\ " from little mermaid the next . " 
Not being able to find a job is getting really old . 
No . Fuck this . 
Interview at Pizza Hut tomorrow ! But my car's broken and kinda falling apart . Hopefully baby can fix it this wknd though . I mean , it is for a delivery job . 
Dog days are over 
Got a job at pizza hut as a driver ! Now all I need are some black slacks and shoess ! 
I was a heavy heart to < PROPFEMALE > , but he never let me down , when he held me in his arms , my feet never touched the ground . My eyes are on their way to being permanently chinked from smiling so much . My love is grand . And < PROPFEMALE > discovered gay town today , and introduced me to the NIFTIEST freaking shop ever . I'm going to buy everything there my first paycheck . 
Time change has me stayin up late . Im really craving some mango-avacado salsa . I have no clue how i can watch all the blade movies over and over and never get sick of seeing < PROPFIRST > snipes pop silver caps in vamps asses . 
mexico on my mind 
Italian bread , mayo , deli mustard , mozerella cheese , < PROPFEMALE > deli sliced ham , bacon , lettuce and tomato . Did heaven just pee in my mouth ? Oh , and stepbrothers . Good night indeed . 
I really really love my life here . 
I just adore not going to sleep . Its 5 in the morning . Come on father time , kick my ass or something . 
What the fuck happened man ? No more walk ins to apply for jobs , and they wont even allow you to follow up anymore . What is the world coming to . 
Dude , NPH would never ... 
First day was ... Intense . Being a delivery driver in atlanta is freakin hard . Its 2am and i just got home . Bed has never felt so good . Go in tomorrow at 10am . Whoooooo monaaaayy 
Fuck pizza hutt . 
Planet Earth . That is all . Im going into zoology or astrology . 
There isnt enough time in the day . And i miss mon amour more than anything in the world . When i got off work i bought cigarettes and reeses . Perfect remedies . Oh , and white wine . Staying positive . 
i think it slipped , i think it smothered . i think it's screaming , i think it's uncovered . fantasy covers the eyes again and i glide with time , no past , no present , no future , it's all the same really . there is no outline to these buildings , these trees , these people . because all of these things aren't as solid as they like to seem . they're just as blended and blurred as time . 
I love how the bible is in the psychology/recovery section at the library . Wtf . I'm going back to science and math to read about elephants on acid . 
aaah , i love waking up early in a good mood and feeling like there are so many possibilities awaiting in the day . today , i shall slay the dirty dragon named oil change , pillage the bank for my first debit/credit card/account , and rape this apartment with multiple toxic cleaning mechanisms . 
