tis a new year ! ok .. less sugar for me , and ... graduate to double black snowboarding , and ... go to Europe ! there , my 2010 goals 

I wish I lived closer to water , at least a little lake or something 
No sleep ' till Brooklyn !! 
I was all excited for T3 but it was soooo terrible !!!! < PROPMALE > must be disappointed ... 
is finally going to take her < PROPFIRST > skateboeard out ! because im such a skateboarder its not even funny ... 
righty . with an R as in Rong 
looks like < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > in humidity 
is back ! bummer ... in NM ... 
OOF ! @*#$ ! 
loves the movie < PROPFEMALE > ! 
is a like ..... yees ... < PROPFEMALE > like .... uh oh , hot dog ! 
just spent and hour scrubbing splattered paint off herself 
is painting the town green 
is sore , twisted and burned from water skiing 
please be a snow day , please be a snow day ... 
Saw a ghost !!!! I don't even believe in them ! So maybe it was just a reflection on the black window ... of a floating white man ... 
just remembered her camera is still in mirror lake in Carlsbad Caverns 
Est-ce que tu < PROPFEMALE > citron ? Mais oui , je pense que je suis < PROPFEMALE > citron ... awww maintenant pour < PROPFEMALE > chambre de pudding chaud 
No one should die because they cannot afford health care , and no one should go broke because they get sick . If you agree , please post this as your status for the rest of the day . 
just bought the SICKEST shoes ever !!!!!!!!! 
es < PROPFEMALE > luchadora ! Ay ay ay ! 
epic luchadora fail more so 
who's going to the concert tomorrow ??!! 
we won our first district game !! i couldn't play because i'm a cripp tho ... 
is paying money to get her guts and vocal chords blasted out and possibly shot up into space to orbit the earth forever on saturday 
finally went on the slingshot !!! 
is probably gonna be blond by next monday ! 
wants to become a member of scientology like < PROPMALE > Cruise ! Because then every time i wash my hair , alien spirits will enter my soul ... oooooo 
doesn't know what the 10th grade class color is . does anyone know ? 
is officially a hippie .. rallying at 305.org! Whoop whoop 
has decided to try to make a career out of water skiing 
is attempting a mohawk tomorrow !! 
failed the mohawk ... 
go snow ! go snow ! go snow ! go snow ! my snowboard is unacceptably < PROPFIRST > 
everyone should come to Recycle < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > .. at least for the fashion show . Is anyone else doing that this year ? 
won 3rd place for recycled fashion show !!! MUCH thanks to Sienna :) 
IT'S SNOWING !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
ahh , finally a hw break ... 
let it snow , let it snow , let it snow 
had to walk up a 1/4 mile driveway with two bags full of groceries and a topless , spilling coffee ... best tasting coffee ever :) 
has decided to teach herself how to play the guitar , thanks modest mouse 
deck the haws wit bews of howy , fa ra ra ra raa , ra ra ra rah 
i thought i was looking forward to winter ... its so COLD !!!! i'll just hide indoors until summer 
AVATAR IS THE BEST MOVIE EVER !! 
tj maxx stole my cafe mocha :( hope the cleaning lady got a nice coffee break while I wallowed away my shopping 
hey Zeus ! 
is on pg . 11 Pasatiempo whoop whoop ! but just a little bit .. 
wanna wanna wanna wanna wanna wanna wanna fanta FANTA !! 
Go Obama ! Great speech ! 
scuba diving with whale sharks ?! sounds like an awesome way to spend the last day of my life before I pass out and get swallowed whole ... but I think I'm alone on that one 
let's see if I can teach myself how to play the guitar in one night 
hello ding < PROPFIRST > , woof , bears 
is soooo sore from snowboarding in pagosa .. uuuuuuuu and so miserably allergic to .. snow i guess , who knows 
is eating healthy portions 
is in Belize ! :) 
was born a poor black child 
\being a woman is no longer a pre-existing condition \"" 
i love your long shaddows and your gunpowder eyes 
misses coca-colas from mexico 
has a carrr ! can't drive it quite yet , but its all mine :) 
< PROPFEMALE > .. Maddy .. may the best man win .. 
pledge allegiance to the sun 
where our pans be at ? 
' s my name , but you can call me pro-death . Only becaue I hate babies . Oh , and I hate puppies too 
is still confused by the guy in a rabbit costume ... 
Ice age heat wave , can't complain . The world's at large , why should I remain ? Walked on to another plan . Gonna find another place , maybe one that I can stand . -Modest Mouse 
I'm so hot , I can't even typpppkrfg ; m w;hrt'eb m67 
Everyone should look up < PROPMALE > Benevento ! Yeah I'm advertising for him , but only because he's awesome 
Is officially protesting Starbuck's stupid language by ordering everything in ... English ! 
I hated the book so much , I didn't even bother starting it 
does anyone know a ringtone that teachers like to dance to ? 
damn broken faucet !! 
I'm writing a pedophile opera .... 
Thank you guys for all the ' happy birthday''s!! It helped . And was very happy :) 
MUSE WAS AWESOME !!! And so was the last 10 seconds of Sleepyhead 
sold a painting ! wonder if they would've bought it if they knew I did it 
I like it on the leather couch . 
Wham ! Bam ! My cat Splash lies on my bed with his tongue puffed out by drinking all my whisky . 
\Turn Off FOX\ " sticker officially STUCK " 
what is tomorrow's school spirit day theme ? 
Oh how I love claustrophobic hermit days . I think I might go crazy 
Come on voters , don't make < PROPFEMALE > look like it's full of dumbasses , we can do it 
is a birther for the Hawaiian Statehood Act 
Dear Lord , this Thanksgiving I give thanks to the English teacher who gave us enough homework to occupy up our entire break with stressful homework . I'll get to family and food after I've finished writing my essay . 
realized that her dog is an Icelandic sheepdog , and has successfully ( and appropriately ) renamed him Dagbjart 
I'm sixteen years old - I'm not a child anymore ... \ 
Dad : Don't you take that tone of voice with me young lady . As long as you live under my ocean , you'll obey my rules ! 
I can see the faint beginnings of a nice goggle tan 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! Stop dreaming , it'll be a brown Christmas 
I ate Jesus .... 
Again ! With he and his betraying , trickful , bastardly decisions ! 
I can't tell if I'm bipolar , have alzheimer's , am selfish , selfless , unprepared , or human 
yeshh i finally have texting ! 
yessss go backflip ! 
The change of magnetism in the Earth has realigned the stars in relation to the Earth and I've gone from a Libra , to Virgo . Wonder what my new personality will be like 
Who else has been practicing their Russian dancing , advisory ? 
Lactose beguiles plump , moist , succulent gents ( with ) milky dazzle . Sentence using my continual list of least favorite words 
just drove 20 on the highway the whole way home .. we'd better get a snowday tomorrow 
Besides bashing my face and shoulder into a large rock , good day for boarding ... you can tell by the bruises 
