My photo is all about being angry ! 

ALS starts Monday ... a grueling 6 weeks is ahead . 
Week two starts tomorrow ... no end in sight yet . 
Week #2 done ... still ticking . 
< PROPMALE > of procrastination , getting ready for week #3 
Week 3 survived , getting closer to the end . 
Bought my new TV on Friday with a few other gadgets ... Guess that means I should get cable or something . 
Drill practice today ... apparently I call drill movements like the Terminator ... 
ALS Graduation Tomorrow ! Hopefully they give me a diploma :) 
Back to work tomorrow , should prove interesting ... 
Out of the hospital and back home now , glad to be in a more relaxing environment . 
Cooking curry , it's been a while . 
The key to recovering seems to be the same idea behind not being detected by a motion sensor ... 
blah 
I have graduated to wearing jeans again . 
Air conditioning people come tomorrow at 4 , will be nice to have a cool home again ! 
Home is cooling down now from 82 degrees , hopefully the AC is working how it should be now . 
Weezer , Manchester Orchestra , and Coheed and Cambria tonight ... wish I could have went ; not recovered enough yet . 
Back at work for the first day since surgery , have a follow-up today as well . Hopefully things turn out on the positive side for me . 
Thinking of going to the Cage the Elephant concert on the 24th ! 
doesn't really care . 
wonders what 100% feels like . 
Yay for Friday ! 
Got my tickets for the Cage the Elephant concert on Thursday ! 
Concert tonight ! 
is off to KC for the concert ! 
Concert was good , Autovaugh put on a great show ; Cage the Elephant was extremely energetic . 
Got the windows tinted on the car yesterday , turned out pretty good . 
Going to play soccer this week to see how things go , with any luck I'll be in full swing soon . 
is going to the Twins games tonight @ KC Royals ! 
Headed to MN , previous engagement got canned at the last moment . 
Biking , roller-skiing and kayaking yesterday ... still feeling it today . Was a good time and I need the exercise anyway . 
Car Wash ! 
is at least 3 of the 7 dwarves today . 
listening to AutoVaughn and relaxing . 
is going to < PROPFIRST > Joohn's . 
Arrived back in MO , let the drudging begin ! 
saw the midnight showing of The Expendables last night ... definately some fast paced action . 
keeps listening to the same song over and over again . 
Thinking about going to the < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > concert on Monday night ... 
in Kansas City for training . 
Bed time , tomorrow morning = running theen class ... joy 
going to power and light for dinner again ... what to eat tonight ? 
Last day of training tomorrow , also will be the most helpful I hope ! 
Just got home time to get the AC going again and get ready for next weeks fun ! 
Monday ... oh how I miss wearing blues 
Back home time to load up on carbs ! 
PT test tonight @ 8:00 hoping things go well . 
Friday ! I am looking forward to the weekend and getting some work done . 
I don't understand your world , so you don't have to understand mine . 
Heading to MN tomorrow for the weekend . 
is going to the Twins game ! 
Off to the fair 
= tired . 
Relaxing to the new Sully < PROPFEMALE > CD . 
2 more days till the weekend ... sor far way . 
is now mud free ! 
is going to see Cake and the Smashing Pumpkins tonight ! 
NASCAR tomorrow ... 
So tired ... I'll rest for just a moment . By moment I mean an eternity . By eternity I mean about 8 hours ... 
Here we go again . 
5k run done , next task ... World dominance . 
Going to four professional haunted houses tonight . This will be a first time experience so I might as well go all out ... It's about 3 hours worth . 
Starting Security + class tomorrow ... joy 
Two more days till certification exam ... Hopefully I learn something before then ;) 
Last night of study , exam tomorrow . 
Passed the test ! 
Minnesota bound ? 
has finished the drive and watched the football game . 
Tired . 
I use Parmesan cheese to soak up the grease on my pizza , that way it doesn't escape . 
is going to look for things to wear . 
is making krumkake . 
So , playing in 2 indoor soccer leagues this year ... 1st game a win ! 
Well 3rd game of soccer so far 1-1-1 . First game of the other league tomorrow night ! 
Yawn 
Snow ... Brings out the stellar drivers ! 
So I got myself a new phone . 
At the Ameristar casino , lets see how the luck is tonight . 
Just ran a random 0 in roulette got 175 ... Cheers to the walk up and put a chip down ! 
Apparently it wasn't done snowing yet ... 
< PROPFEMALE > Playground was a good choice for the car ride to work this morning . 
Chalk up another in the W category for vball ! 
Sucker Punch in IMAX enjoyably abstract ! 
What to do ... mediocre people do exceptional things all the time . 
Sully < PROPFEMALE>'s music helps the day go by on dreary days like today . 
