says sometimes you're the windshield and sometimes you're the bug ... today I think I'm the bug . 

If a firefighter's job can go up in smoke and a plumber's job goes down the drain , does that mean hookers are laid off ? 
says reality is an illusion caused by lack of alcohol ... but all that will be fixed tonite ! Office Christmas party !! 
would like to observe a moment of silence for all the innocent brain cells that lost their lives over the weekend ..... 
regrets to inform you that due to recent budget cuts and the rising cost of electricity , gas and oil , the light at the end of the tunnel has been turned off . 
was almost killed today when she fell off a horse . Thank God the Wal-Mart employee saw me , came over and unplugged it ..... 
ordered from Pizza Hut the other day and asked for a thin and crusty supreme ... they sent me < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > . 
woke up this morning , looked down and noticed one of my toes was missing . There was a note stuck to my foot that said , \Gone to market . \ " Go figure .... " 
is hoping to be abducted on Monday and set free on Thursday night ... I know it's pretty wishful thinking . 
wonders whose cruel idea was it to put a \s\ " in the word \ " lisp\ " ? poor < PROPFEMALE >...." 
Scientists say they have located the < PROPFIRST > that causes obesity . His name is < PROPFIRST > Milman , the founder of Krispy Kreme ... 
< PROPFIRST > Dirt says ' Life's a garden : dig it ! \ . I say \ " life is NOT a garden so stop being a hoe ! \"" 
is getting behind early , so she'll have plenty of time to catch up ... 
ok , people . I feel so left out of the circle ! What's the deal with the colors on statuses !!! Am I not cool enough to know or something ??!! 
ok , I'm gonna attempt to try to fit in .... so , periwinkle and green ! 
ok , just got it ! not periwinkle and green , but nude ! how bout that !! 
Well , the world lost a very awesome person and close friend tonite ... my preacher , Bro . < PROPMALE > Stone . He was 63 and has been fighting colon cancer for the last year . I am devastated that he is no longer here on Earth , but I know he's gone to a better place where he's not suffering anymore . I love him dearly and he helped me so much this past year . 
My first day as choir director was his first Sunday to preach at our church on July 7 , 2007 . My life changed after that . He saved our little church , and he helped save me . He was truly one of the greatest men I've ever met . He lived was he preached . He is missed here dearly , but I know he's looking down on us , and I feel a sense of comfort when I pray . We love you , Bro < PROPMALE > . 
I feel a sense of comfort when I pray . We love you , Bro < PROPMALE > . God truly blessed us with his presence here , even if for a short time . I miss him so much . 
HAS LOT 10 LBS ! Working out , but also not eating ( not by choice , though ) 
Well , < PROPFEMALE > has another sinus infection :( She's been so sick these last few weeks . She's just upset that there's no snow ! 
Well just another reason why I HATE VALENTINE'S DAY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I need to go out for a drink .... just one or two . it's been a long day . any takers ??? 
If it wasn't for Addison , I would hate my life and myself . I've made so many bad choices in life , and I have no one to blame but myself . 
I don't know if things happen for a reason , but I think that whatever happens you have to deal with it somehow and learn from it . What doesn't kill us only makes us stronger , right ? 
Nobody really notices what I do until I don't do it ....... 
SHARE THE NEWS , FRIENDS . THERE IS A VIRUS SPEADING LIKE WILDFIRE ON FB . DO NOT ACCEPT ANYTHING FROM ME OR ANY OF YOUR FRIENDS THAT ASK YOU TO WATCH A VIDEO ON YOU TUBE . SNOPES JUST CONFIRMED . IT IS A TROJAN WORM VIRUS . IT WILL STEAL INFO , INFEST YOUR SYSTEM AND SHUT IT DOWN . DO NOT OPEN THE LINK . PLEASE REPOST THIS IN YOUR STATUS- just taking precautions ... 
My dad is the most awesome lawyer on the freakin ' planet !!! 
just wanted to let all my peeps know that I'm alive and doing ok . I'm back at home and going to church . See all my chicas on Monday . yay . 
If you're looking for sympathy , you'll find it in the dictionary between \shit\ " and \ " syphilis \"." 
Just wanted to say Happy Easter to all my peeps ..... haha . 
All you need is love . 
I am truly amazed by the mysterious ways in which the Holy Spirit can deliver an essential Word ( Psalm 119:57 ) to us and how His Word ( our daily bread ) comes just in time to encourage us and restore our faith ( Psalm 119:92 ) . 
In the multitude of my anxieties within me , Your comforts delight my soul . -Psalm 94:19 
The grace of the Lord Jesus Christ , and the love of God , and the fellowship of the Holy Spirit , be with you all . II Corinthians 13:14 
I can do all things through Christ which strengtheneth me . < PROPMALE > 4:13 
But if we hope for what we do not see , we wait for it with < PROPFEMALE > . —Romans 8:25 
oh yea .... and I hate being sick .... it really , really sucks . 
Not liking the weather right now .... it's been a bitch and needs and a good kick in the ass ... 
No shananigans for this girly tonite !! Stayin at home with lil ' Em watching Disney and playing on Facebook . Wow . Hey , I'm choosing to act like a single mom tonite ..... 
Proud of myself ..... went to bed before 11 with < PROPFEMALE > by my side . Just wish I could sleep in ..... 
Well ... we can't always be perfect .... 
Sometimes the thoughts in my head get bored and go through a stroll out through my mouth .... this is rarely a good thing .... 
a couple of my friends were arguing over whether a glass was half empty of half full . I couldn't take it any longer , so I took the glass and poured its contents into a smaller glass .... problem freakin ' solved !! 
I wanna hear people finish this : \Stop .... \"" 
I just balanced my check book and realized that I have enough money to last me the rest of my life .... unless I buy something or pay a < PROPMALE > ...... 
The pollen levels are so high this year that it has meth-heads trying to convert their meth back into Sudafed . 
chillin with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > !! 
Anything in parenthesis can ( not ) be ignored ....... 
If you're in LA and you're riding a bike , it means you care about the enviornment .... if you live in Arkansas , it means you got a DWI .... 
is suggesting we plant a tree at our church in memory of Bro . < PROPMALE > . Mr. < PROPMALE > T is going to say something Sunday , I think . We talked about doing it the Sunday after Father's Day , the 27th . I'm not sure what kind of tree to plant , but I just wanted to do something for him . I miss you Bro . < PROPMALE > ... 
At the bluegrass festival in the big R with the worst headache ever !!!!! 
I'm a good enough person to forgive you , but just not stupid enough to trust you .... 
The true < PROPMALE > of procrastination is picking the correct task to put off that will eventually not need to be done anymore :) 
Please pray for my grandmother . She fell and is in the hospital . It's pretty bad . Please keep my family in your prayers . Thank you . 
Just wanted to say that my grandma is doing much better . She's still in the hospital , but she's a fighter , constantly keeping the staff here entertained . 
Don't let life get in the way of your dreams .... go back to sleep ! 
Life\ 
lesson # 6588 : General rule about status updates on facebook : If it\ 
feels inappropriate even when excessively drunk ... it probably is . You\ 
fail ..... 
OMG !!! I soooo love my job and like all of my friends at work and like they are all like the GREATEST !!!!! I love you all !!!! 
I miss the days when covering my eyes would make me invisible .... 
just wants to tell the weekend that \I love you and I will be back . I will not let the weekdays take me away from you ! \"" 
Today the world lost a truly wonderful dog . R.I.P. RubySue Shoo-Shoo Eightball < PROPFIRST > . You were the most awesome dog ever and I will miss you so much . I luv you 
Please let today be better than yesterday ..... 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY < PROPFEMALE > ! HOPE EVERYONE HAS A HAPPY AND SAFE 4TH ! ( wish I was at the lake ... ) 
won't stop drinking until Captain < PROPFIRST > puts his foot down .... gotta love double entendres .... 
sing along with me : who lives in a pineapple under the sea ? Spongbob Squarepants ! who died in an oil spill because of BP ? Spongebob Squarepants ! 
drinking and driving ... it starts early : yesterday I saw a kid drinking a juicebox while riding his tricycle ... 
-^v -- ^v -- ^v -- ^v-_____^v -- ^v -- ^v -- For a second there , I was bored to \ 
death 
Dear mosquitos : Just because the lights on doesn't mean that you're welcome here .... this isn't Motel 6 ! 
Whenever I eat Nerds or Dum Dums , I always follow up with a pack of Smarties .... that way it kinda evens everything out ... 
Tip to reduce weight : first turn your head to the left and then turn it\ 
to the right , repeat this exercise every time you are offered something\ 
to eat . 
The fact that I don't feel an ant crawling on me until it bites me \ 
makes me think that ninja school I went to was a total sham .... 
My therapist said I let other people control my emotions to much . I don't think that's true at all , what do you think ? 
Happiness is the consequence of personal \ 
effort . You fight for it , strive for it , insist upon it ... you have to \ 
participate relentlessly in the manifestations of your own blessings . \ 
It's easy enough to pray when you're in distress but continuing to pray \ 
even when you crisis has passed is like a sealing process , helping ... your\ 
soul hold tight to it's good attainments . - < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > 
wants to start meditating ..... I desperately NEED inner peace- a sanctuary for my mind to rest in . I need to learn to live in the here and now , rather than worry about the past or the future . I need to stop worrying about meaningless things I have no control over , and begin to see the bigger picture . I believe I will be a much happier and content person .... 
luvs waking up like I did this morning ..... 
Had a blast camping at Buffalo Point this weekend .... except for the worst sunburn I've EVER had !!!! Can't wait for next weekend !!!!!!!! 
So , I'm awake in so much pain not just from my sunburn , but my throat is killing me and I can't find any comfort except when I'm close to my little < PROPFEMALE > . She's sleeping so peacefully .... I'm so jealous .... 
Also , fyi .... having experienced the officially worst sunburn I've ever had .... I've come the conclusion that after using , Aloe < PROPFEMALE > with Lidocaine , lotion w/ Aloe < PROPFEMALE > , a cold pack , a cold towel , Dermoplast , vinegar , tylenol w/ codeine , and benedryl that it has taken all of the above to soothe my burn ..... so anyone with a bad sunburn ... I wish you the best of luck ! lol 
Ok , 2 days to go .... my nose is pealing , along with my back , arms , and shoulders .... I look like a freak ! I have bad heat rashes on my arms . Thank the Lord I'm almost over being sick ! I don't understand how this happened !! Just ONE afternoon in the sun !!! But , I'm just so happy for my lil ' bro and < PROPFIRST > and that makes it worth all of it ! 
It's offical : My lil bro is married !!!! I cried so hard . I'm just so happy for them ! The wedding was beautiful and awesome ! Thank you so much to the Goodwin's who let us stay in their condo and enjoy their beautiful home ! 
I'm not a bitch .... I just have a low bullshit tolerance ... 
So , Happy Friday the 13th ........ just another day . 
Today is a good day ! < PROPFEMALE > and all the other girls did sooo awesome at their dance recital !!! And I get to see < PROPFIRST > tonight ! I'm just so glad I can talk about my personal life ... finally ! 
Excited about moving to White Hall .... Sonic and Subway just blocks away ! 
Had an awesome time with < PROPFIRST > as always ..... but only getting to see him once a week is so hard . I'm ready for the end of this year ... 
My lil mini me started 2nd grade today at a new school- < PROPFIRST > Elementary in White Hall- she was so prepared ( except throwing up the good breakfast I cooked for her ) .... she wouldn't let me kiss her on the head or hug her ... I guess that's a good sign ... And another note : GOOD LUCK TO ALL THOSE HARD WORKING TEACHERS OUT THERE- esp . including my wonderful mother and my two awesome aunts !! 
Hoping my new change in environment is going to work out for the best . I think it will and I am hoping for another change sometime this year .... who knows . I guess if it's meant to happen it will .... 
Lovin ' Pandora on my Droid ! Been listening to Run DMC , < PROPFIRST > Sweat , and En Vogue all day ! Bringin back some old memories of high school dances .... lol 
Ok ... whoever heads the marketing department at Quiznos needs to be shot ... the spongemonkey didn't work .... what in the hell makes you think revolutionary war themed kittens with retarded mens ' voices are gonna make us wanna eat there any more ?!!! WTF ?! Seriously ?? 
is in heaven right now .... 
stoked about the 3 day weekend !!! 
It's Friday ( heey ! ) and I'm ready to swing , pick up my girls and hit the party scene ... tonight ... ohohohoh .... it's alright .. mmm . So get up and let this funky mellow groove get you in the mood , cause you know it's alright .... 
Gettin new furniture for Addies bedroom ! I can't wait for her to see it ! 
My baby is asleep in her bed for the first time ever !! I'm so proud of her . It only took 7 years , but she did it ! Let's just hope she makes it through the night 
Had an awesome weekend with < PROPFIRST > ! I can't wait for next weekend !!!! 
when 2 meth heads go out is it considered speed dating ?? just wondering .... 
is ready for our first Friday Wine Night !! whoopty-whoo ! 
Soooo ready to see Allen ... only a few more hours ! 
Love being in the middle of nowhere with the person I'm in love with :) 
Dear Burger King : By definition a \mocha\ " is a chocolate flavored coffee drink ... so when I order an iced mocha don't ask me if I want chocolate or vanilla ... and that is when you have them made . And this morning BK's fryers were broken and they never have picante sauce . So then McDonald's \ " mocha making\ " machine was broken ! OH how I love Mondays ! " 
is so glad it's Friday ! So ready to go to Louisiana and celebrate < PROPFIRST>'s B-day !! 
Ready for Friday Night Wine !! ( it's gonna happen this time !! ) 
No Friday Night Wine .... gotta move :( boo ... 
Had an awesome time this weekend !!!!! Ready for that to be everyday ! 
loves October b/c I LOVE Thriller Thursday ! I look forward to it each year ! < PROPFEMALE > & DC are awesome ! 
Am soooo happy when I'm with him !! 
I just don't understand how some people can be so spiteful ... I understand that not everyone can get there way all the time , but there's no reason to hurt people who help you ... 
I don't need to look at a calendar to know it's Monday ... oh ... woe is me ... 
I am soooo proud of my sweet < PROPFEMALE > ! PTC was tonight and she has straight A's!! It was all I could do to walk out of the school without crying .... but then the fight between two set of parents kinda distracted me .... its a sad day when the cops get called to parent teacher conference !! 
< PROPFEMALE > and I fixin ' to go eat at Sekisui !!! Ready for some sushi !! Then ready for Halloween !!! 
is taking myfacebook break\ from cleaning ... I HATE it ! " 
some people just don't know what they are getting into when they mess with me ... 
home again with my little booty ( Addie ) ... she's sick again :( 
likes stop the microwave with like 1 second to go ... kinda makes me feel like a bomb defusal expert . I got this ... 
thinks that i would prefer to be referred to as a Limited Edition rather than \special \"..." 
Happy Veteran's Day !!! I would especially like to send a shout-out to my lil bro < PROPFIRST > , my Paw-Paw , < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > , and all those others I'm not remembering at the moment , who so selflessly and courageously defended this country !! Thank you and I love you guys ! 
doesn't wanna leave Louisiana , but I know it's time to snap out of my dream and back to reality ... 
so I've heard that it has been scientifically proven that birthdays are good for you ... the more you have , the longer you live ... just sayin ... 
Tip of the Day : If someone asks you if you \have a sec ? \ " and you answer \ " I have lots of secs\ " ... they will forget their original question . " 
I'm so lucky to have friends and an awesome boyfriend that I believe have my best interest at heart . Thank you from the bottom of my heart ! 
wonders if cops ever get pissed off when every time they get behind someone , they obey the speed limit ? ... then as soon as they pass us , we will probably start speeding again ... just askin ' ... 
My charger to my computer went out yesterday !! Those suckers are like $80 ! I got one for $8 on ebay , but it won't be here until next week !!!!! I'm so going to have withdrawals from facebook !.... I guess that's Gods way of telling me I need to spend more time with my family . 
HAPPY THANKSGIVING everyone !!!! 
had a wonderful Thanksgiving and is so grateful for an awesome family that prepares such an awesome meal ! Thank you momma and < PROPMALE > ! I love being in Lousiana with my boo too , though :) THOUGHRLY ENJOYING THIS HOLIDAY !!! 
this weekend is going by way too fast ... not ready for Monday 
there needs to be a \dislike\ " or thumbs down on status updates ... then again I guess that's what the option to comment is for ... oh well ... just a thought " 
Be calm , \ 
only by a calm consideration of our existence can we achieve our purpose\ 
to live together - Be calm - love me - today - yesterday - what tearful \ 
longings for you - you - you - my life - my all - farewell . Oh continue\ 
to love me - never misjudge the most faithful heart of your beloved . \ 
\ 
ever thine\ 
ever mine\ 
ever ours\ 
- Beethoven 
Change your profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To not\ 
see a human face on Facebook until Monday the 6th of Dec . Join the fight against child abuse , and invite your friends to do the same ! 
some days just really suck ... that's all I gotta say ... 
Just wonders , when do we actually get to enjoy our lives . I feel like it's all work and no play ... Even Christmas shopping is a hassel . Thank God for internet shopping :) 
I just did one of the hardest things I've ever had to do , but I feel good about myself . It really , really ... really , really sucks , but I believe that everything happens for a reason . What is meant to be will be . Hopefully someone will come along that I can trust ... 
I just lost one of my best friends and it breaks my heart , because I know he will regret it later , but sometimes people just have to figure things out for themselves . What doesn't kill us , only makes us stronger .... I hope . 
is getting so stoked about the work X-mas party ! Am I the only one ? Maybe it's because I NEVER do anything .... such a sad pathetic life I live . I just hate being the only one without a date ... 
JUST WANTED TO SAY TO MY DAD ( who's not on facebook ) A VERY HAPPY BIRTHDAY !!! I LOVE YOU !!! ( and thanks for signing my paycheck today , woohoo ) 
Dear Santa : All I want for Christmas is thick hair and a thin body ... please don't get it backwards like you did last year . Love , < PROPFEMALE > 
I drove by a house today that had about 15 of those inflatable Christmas lawn decorations . In the daytime ( when there's no air in them ) it looks like there was a drive by shooting in the North Pole and there were no survivors . 
just passed a holiday cocaine drug bust . It looks like some people are gonna be denied a white Christmas this year . 
is officially starting my holiday vacation by watching Bones and going to bed early ... I might even stay up until midnight ! I like to live on the edge ... 
why is it so hard to let go .... 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS TO EVERYONE !!! I HOPE EVERYONE HAS A HAPPY AND SAFE HOLIDAY !!! 
Had an awesome Christmas until I ended up in the ER with a gallbladder attack :( I missed out on awesome karaoke and games with the family ... this sux . I was so drugged up I don't even remember what the Dr. said or leaving the hospital . I'm praying that 2011 will be soooo much better ... 
Sekisui is calling my name today !! 
Thanx < PROPFEMALE > and Meggie ... I'm watching the best movie ever tonight !!! \I swear by the < PROPFEMALE > and the stars in the sky ... I'll be there .. \ " Love it ! " 
I feel like a part of me has just been completed ... at least my stomach . Sekisui rox !!! 
So ready for New Year's < PROPFEMALE > ! I don't know exactly what's gnna go down , but I'm determined for it to be better than Christmas night lol ... 
I'm opening a gym called Resolutions . It has exercise equipment for the first 2 weeks of each year , then becomes a bar for the remaining 50 ... just a thought . 
does anyone know anything about dwarf hamsters ? < PROPFEMALE>'s has lost a bunch of hair on it's back and I don't know why ... it's the cutest lil thing ever and I don't want it to die ... 
better days are coming ... they're called Saturday and Sunday ... 
Is sitting at home watching the 2nd season of Fringe while drinking cheap but awesome wine dorky ? 
lovin ' the snow !!!! No school for < PROPFEMALE > , but work for Emily :( boo ... 
it's official ... my dad is awesome ! NO WORK !!! 
hey , if you ever feel lonely , forgotten , or just need someone to cheer you up ... remember that you can always change your birthday on Facebook ... just sayin ' 
so as I'm typing letters to clients at work I have come to the conclusion that whoever the moron is that decided to put that extra \r\ " in February was the same person who decided how we spell \ " Wednesday\ " .... just a thought " 
Not that I'm big on astrological signs , but I don't wanna be a Taurus ... I wanna stay a Gemini :( boo ... now my dad's an Ophiuchus ... whatever that is ... sounds like an STD 
THE NEW ZODIAC SIGNS :\ 
Capricorn : < PROPFIRST > . 20-Feb . 16 . \ 
Aquarius : Feb . 16-March 11 . \ 
Pisces : March 11-April 18 . \ 
Aries : April 18-May 13 . \ 
Taurus : May 13-June 21 . \ 
Gemini : June 21-July 20 . \ 
Cancer : July 20-Aug . 10 . \ 
Leo : Aug . 10-Sept . 16 . \ 
Virgo : Sept . 16-Oct . 30 . \ 
Libra : Oct . 30-Nov . 23 . \ 
Scorpio : Nov . 23-29 . \ 
Ophiuchus : Nov . 29-Dec . 17 . \ 
Sagittarius : Dec . 17- < PROPFIRST > . 20 . 
