fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck it all 

I'm trippin ' through your wires . 
I give up . Sometimes , you've got to realize a bad investment and just cut your losses . 
1/2 a gram + nothing to do + lots of free time = FUN . 
It's so lonely coming down , it's a long , long wait around . 
is feeling nauseous . 
Fuuuuuck . Sleep isn't gonna come tonight . D: 
Does anyone have any Magnesium tablets locked away in their medicine cabinet that they'd be willing to give away ? All will be appreciated . 
Spillin ' my guts for a notion . 
I'm tired . Talk ? 
is sailing to nowhere . 
The dreamy realm of Broken Bells ' debut seems to be a fine escape . I ought to make it through the night just fine . 
Trippin ' in Interstellar Overdrive ! 
had the best weekend he's had in a long , LONG time . 
Decent night , ended with a kick-ass Icee . 
Listening for the secret , searching for the sound , but I could only hear the preacher and the baying of his hounds . 
FUCK TUSSIN . 
The paranormal musk resides in absence , haunting . 
If you wish to bake a pie from scratch , you must first invent the universe . 
Keep your mouth shut or you'll let the flies out . 
Dig your own hole . 
It's like moving mountains . 
Giving your all just doesn't pay off . Self-immersion in hope for the best results in the exact opposite . More than anything else , you simply go unappreciated . 
appreciates today . The only problems had their roots in my ability to hope for positive change and in my aspirations for things far too great for the likes of myself . I suppose that through so much trial-and-error , I can only ask myself one question : Why continue ? 
My fingers are nearly bleeding . 
Lost a friend , sooo sad . 
Rebel , rebel , hot tramp , I love you so . 
is relieved . My bootleg copy of Windows 7 is a success ! It's activated and capable of updating . 
Inception = * amazing * . 
Come up to the lab , and see what's on the slab . 
Adversary of the midnight sun . 
Do NOT call or text my phone . 
2010-2011 Class Schedule\ 
\ 
1st Semester :\ 
01 Economics/ U.S. Government - Dennis/McQueen\ 
02 English IV AP - Blackwell\ 
03 Human Anatomy and Physiology - Kimbrell\ 
04 Student Assistant ( Library ) - McInnis\ 
2nd Semester :\ 
01 Physical < PROPMALE > ucation/Drivers < PROPMALE > . - Hudson/Zelenka\ 
02 English Literature - Blackwell\ 
03 AP Biology - Choate\ 
04 Physical < PROPMALE > ucation - Hudson 
STRANGE < PROPFIRST > CALLING ME NEED TO STOP OR LET ME ANSWER . 
retreat ! 
< PROPFEMALE > tint my world 
The world as an extension of the self ? 
because the wind is high , it blows my mind . 
durued d d eruueprppe dddederrp 
who is going to graffiti's ? 
yesssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss 
WE'RE GONNA YES SO HARD WE'LL BRING KIKI BACK TO LIFE , IT'S ECSTASY BITCH , TAKE IT 
a new way to say hooray 
success 
The < PROPFEMALE > dogs are poachers and they hide behind trees . 
I want a hurricane heart attack , I want my hurricane dressed in black . 
has terrible chills , haven't felt as fucked up while actually sober as I have the second half of the day today . Whew , doctor tomorrow . 
MDMA got ya feelin ' like a champion , in the city that never sleeps , better slip you an Ambien . 
Give me one drink from your lovin ' cup , just one drink'll get a poor man drunk . 
flowers bloom in my mind garden 
+1 to the list of things that bring you dowwwwwwwwwwwwwn 
Evil in nature is the epitome of artistic beauty . 
All is good . 
beach , peace 
There's a high flyin ' bird , flying way up in the sky , and I wonder if she looks down , as she goes on by ? 
woohoo 700mg 
amazing 
fuck , bored 
fuck 
just woke up , feeling good 
Would anyone 18 be willing to do a favor ? 
fuuuuuuuuuuuck 
dxm woo 
good day , bored now 
I mMIsSs YyOouUu 
nothing to do , talk ? 
share the love 
I suppose I'll join in on this Q&A stuff . Send me a question and I'll answer it truthfully as my status . 
Q : Did you ever like me in middle school ? A : I honestly can't recall whether I did or not , so , probably not . @_@ 
Q : What's Peyton's favorite DJ ? A : Fuuuuuck , would it be < PROPFIRST > Bangalter ? For some reason , DJ Shadow popped into my head as well . x_x 
Q : Do you ever miss chillin' ? Cause I miss it a lot . A : Hell yes I do , I wish my didn't dislike you so much so we could still < PROPFEMALE > out . ;_; 
Q : Would you say we are good friends ? A : I suppose so , I don't believe you've ever done me wrong , and I suppose I can trust you pretty well . 
Q : If there were 100 dicks on the wall , how many would you choke on ? A : To be honest , probably most of them , no gag reflex . 
Q : How was your opinion of me changed after you got to know me better ? A : Hmm , I don't think it changed much at all . Your \out there\ " behavior is apparent from the start . Haha . " 
Q :\ 
How was your opinion of me changed after you got to know me better A :\ 
Can't say , really . For a while , I disliked you not because \ 
you were a bad person , but because you were too upbeat for my tastes , \ 
but over time , either I changed or you chilled out , because we get along\ 
pretty well now . 
Q : Do you haaaaate meee ? ;( A : Haha , not at all . Perhaps we just haven't really gotten to know each other . 
Q : Why does your default look so emo ? A : o_O I'm not sure . It's not uncommon that I take a picture that I think has a nice feel while most others find it to be dark or saddening . Haha . 
Q : Why do you constantly act hateful and treat me like an idiot ? A : Mixed , non-mutual emotions . 
I will forever look back on the day I stopped thinking and started knowing . 
fried ... i'm going to lay down . 
To proclaim every transcendental/intellectual philosophy that comes to mind over a social networking site just for everyone to see seems to me a bit like a stretch ... working for the image . 
CAN I BE COOL TOO I DO SO MANY DRUGS ALL THE TIME LET ME TELL YOU ABOUT ALL THE DRUGS I DO , AWM MAN ALL THE BITCHES LOVE ME , GOTTA GO SMOKE AND READ 19TH CENTURY PHILOSOPHY NOW OH WAIT NEVERMIND MOMMY MADE ME DINNER 
fuck is there anything to do today 
only the fear can make you feel lonely out here 
lovely 
give me something meaningful 
time wounds all healed 
wh47 4 5lu7 
dark < PROPFEMALE > crashes , pouring it's light into ashes . 
We can share the women , we can share the wine 
Being known is what keeps you from being alone . 
... for in that sleep of death what dreams may come ? 
silence makes less friends than secrets 
I want to know 
When all else fails , submerse yourself in ideas of purpose 
Free as a bird 
why's it matter if you're fucked ? GET YOUR KICKS ANYWAY 
fuuUUuuccKKk 
omg everyone dont ' do drugs you'll like totally lose control of everything ( because i'm assuming you're that weak of a person , everyone must be weak like me ) so like omg drugs are bad MEGA POWERFUL FORCE TO CONSUME YOUR LIFE AND MAKE YOU- WHAT'S THAT ? HAPPY ? i don't believe it i'm so happy with my nice cell phone and my make up and jewelry BECAUSE THOSE ARE ALL NICE THINGS 
prettyyyy vaaacaant 
dat aint yo fruit boyeh 
hell yes free books , w3wt kindle 
i love you < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > 
1700mg of nauseous love 
We are not happy because others love us , but because we love them . 
HAHAHAHhahahahahahaha ads;lkjf;sadljfds'f 
it's going to be a long week 
something should happen 
fuck family photography 
i know we can't talk , but i hope you're doing well . 
give me a little drink from your lovin ' cup , just one drink'll get a poor man drunk 
fuuuuuuuuuuuuuck zeitgeist 
lulz don't wear out your welcome 
sometimes you need to run away just to see who will follow you 
-awww do u wanna hug ? \ 
-yes\ 
-i would absolutely give u 1 if i was there\ 
thank you very much 
duuuuude they're playing \shine on you crazy diamond\ " on the fucking weather channel " 
why is tumblr so littered with hipsters ? 
@_@ fuuuuuuuuuuuuck 
you can't lose what you never had 
Shpongle on dat swing set 
i love tumblr as a blogging service , but it's just too littered with narcissists and hipsters who post pictures of the same shit over and over and contribute absolutely nothing , artistically or not 
would anyone maybe like to go in on an apartment starting this summer ? 
love love love 
i dislike my inability to trust people , especially those who i want to trust the most . 
from another direction , she was caught in my eye . it could be an illusion , but i might as well try 
I hate sketchy people 
if i write you a book would you write me a letter 
anything going on tonight ? 
Me i'm waiting so patiently , lying on the floor . I'm just trying to do my jigsaw puzzle before it rains anymore 
i am so tired of waiting 
amphetamine please 
the < PROPMALE > of self destruction ~*~* 
< PROPFEMALE > Perdue is SO COOL 
i guess terrible video games is how i spend my time , now SO AWESOME 
what is going on friday and saturday night ? 
\yeah but your not really gonna find that right now especially in this generation \"" 
you have to be trusted by the people that you lie to , so that when they turn their backs on you , you get the < PROPMALE > to put the knife in 
why does everything follow trends in philosophy and logic ? there's so little < PROPMALE > , and it's sad . anyone can learn , but few can actually create . 
fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck 
well fuck , i love you 
No sleep for me 
i am my only problem 
fucking misery 
adding up parents ' taxes , FUN . 
