actually had a < PROPMALE > to sleep in . 

is just hanging out . 
going to coffee with < PROPFIRST > . 
is hanging out at home . 
is home feeling awful . 
is feeling blissful . 
is woefully listening to the sounds of Need for Speed Shift , blaring through her living room . 
is off work early and has a plan . 
Well according to < PROPFIRST>'s expert opinion I have a knack for attracting crazy people . Good to know . Tonight was long but worth it I'm gonna pass out now . 
Oh God . 1 more OT shift tonight . Part of me wants to do all of it for the money the other part of me is like \Please send me home ? \"." 
My dumb ass didn't park close enough to the bus and got soaked running from the bus to my car and then again running from my carport to my apartment . Time for a hot shower and some nice hot tea then I suppose . 
Totally forgot it's my Friday . I'm tired but can't sleep anymore . 
just when I thought life was going so smoothly ... 
My body sabotaged me and shut off my alarm . Damn it . Good thing I wasn't going anywhere important . 
3 day weekend . Yay . Exam on Chapter 1 , 2 , and 3 on Tuesday . Boo . 
Coffee table and studying tonight , exam and Dad's house tomorrow . 
Work tonight . School in the morning . 
B on my psychology exam . Awesomeness . 
Class and then Dad's tomorrow . 
need to run errands and such . 
work , work , work . Till4am and then school at 8am . 
Super tired . Desperately need to clean house . 
I've noticed that since I announced my engagement I've gotten a lot more wedding ads on Facebook . Coincidence ? I think not ! 
Gaming in the morning and lunch with Briar . 
Almost halfway through my week already . 
It's Friday ! Tomorrow is going to be a busy day too . < PROPFIRST > and I will be camping outside DMV at 7am in hopes to get in first . Gotta get hardcore with those people . 
Dinner with my Valet ladies tonight ! 
Four day week and then a five day weekend . 
Off for the next 5 days . 
Thanks mucho for the birthday wishes amigos . <3 
Psych exam and then Wine tasting with Gram and Mom . 
Gonna cook some dinner and then make some Margaritas . =D 
Feeling kinda rebellious and contemplating a tattoo or piercing . 
Meh . 
Oh sweet lord . Driving to Atascadero in the rain immediately after work = no bueno . 
Home again home again . Everything turned out fine and dandy . Drove back this afternoon with about 5 hours of sleep . School in the morning . 
Clash of the Titans tonight . 
Laundry , and work today . Not my idea of fun . 
Staying home from work tonight . 
Home for now . 
Work in a bit . 
Is home and not tall enough to audition for ANTM . ;~; 
Worked sucked hard core today . But there is always tomorrow . 
Sippin a beer celebrating the end of my week . 
Cleaning house prepping for a night of rock band with friends . 
I'm messed up . But I'm having fun . 
Recovering from a great night . 
Hoping work is better this week . 
Payday how I love thee . 
My life no longer revolves around 
Has vacation in August . Way to think ahead . 
I need a girl to talk to . Need a womans insight . 
It's finally Friday . 
Lost my keys some where between work and home . Grammy came to my rescue for the time being . 
Still have not found my keys . F my life . Gonna start the process of making copies and finding a new lanyard . 
Since I have nothing else to do tonight I will be cleaning house for when my homies come over tomorrow . Also hopefully the end to my epic quest for my Keys . 
Breathing a sigh of relief knowing that my keys are safely in Lost and Found at work and not being chewed on by a meth headed hobo in a back alley . 
Gonna see Kick Ass tonight and party with my boys . 
Drunk Halo , Tekken , and L4D2 . Awesome night . 
Back to work tonight . School in the morning . 
Gonna be busy tonight . Oh Lordy . 
Spring Arts Festival today maybe . =] 
Today sucks already ... 
The week is almost over for me . Finally . 
Errands to run and appointments to make . Sleep first though . 
Studying for an exam in the morning . 
There has to be an easier way to study for this test . 
Nap before work . Ew Monday . 
It's payday and when I get up I will be considering getting child locks for all my lower cabinets because my cats are too damn smart . 
Damned nesting . Ugh . 
Watching some X files before work . 
Lovely day for gardening . 
Garden complete for now . Just gotta wait for stuff to grow and remember to water . Down time with my homie tonight and school in the morning . 
Vet appointments for the kitties today . Let the panic begin . 
Vet visit went well . Need to go put away laundry . 
Woke up to my idiot neighbors blasting their hippy music . 
Effing work meetings . Oh well I could use the overtime I suppose . 
Your only as sick as the secrets you keep . 
Is trying to fight off this cold that's been kicking my ass . Chest congestion ugh . 
Happy Mothers day everyone . 
Trying to figure out what to do with my day besides writing my research paper . 
writing my research paper about the ethical issues in the field of psychology . 
I learned the difference between Patron and < PROPFIRST > Cuervo today . Patron is the best . OMG . 
Rest in peace < PROPFIRST > . You know I loved you and that's all that matters to me . 
Tired . Life is feeling rather monotonus . 
Laundry and X Files . Oh yes . 
Trying to find a little inspiration for wedding stuff . I think about it a lot even though I'm in no rush just yet . Got another year before I begin planning . 
DnD tonight . Bitchin ! 
Not looking forward to working tonight . Don't want dispatch . Ugh . 
Week half over . School is out after this Tuesday . 
Glad that I'm not bashful about food . Equally as glad about my fast Metabolism . 
Lots of stuff today . < PROPFIRST > and I have the same days off now . Tennis , Panda Express , and house cleaning . Maybe even a nap . 
Good drinks with good friends . I love my Bros . 
Well on to a six day work week ending in a 10 hour over time shift . Yay . 
Today sucked . I'll try again tomorrow . 
I really wish life was a little less struggle and a lot more smooth . 
Home finally after a long ten hour shift . Can't wait for that paycheck in a week . So soooooore . 
Fuck yeah ! Got an A on my research paper and a C in the class . Bitchin . 
Back to work . 
Two more days . 
Not sure if this is how it's supposed to be ... 
I don't understand why I HAVE to like games in order for you to feel compatible with me . 
My baby sister graduates today . So proud of her . =D 
My new game is ready for playing , now if only I could get these controls just right ... 
Holy shit guys we're getting CABLE ! OMG ! 
Gonna go take a hot shower and curl up on the couch for the night . 
Been sick all day . What a way to waste my weekend ... 
Meh . Feeling kinda lonely . Kinda disconnected from everyone . =( 
Have some serious spring cleaning to do . On a side note I'm looking forward to decorating my bedroom and living room too . 
Family drama already ? Fuck and I'm not even off for my weekend yet . Just when I was wondering why stuff was so quiet . 
It's Friday . Hope it goes quick . 
Weekend at last . 
Getting cable tomorrow . Hell yes . 
My tv finally living up to it's full potential . Also the stupid fast Internet is awesome . 
Back to work tonight . Just waking up now . Best sleep I've had in awhile though . 
Work soon . Hopefully Flower Festival tomorrow if I can haul my ass out of bed at noon . 
OH LAWD the bus was rocking with all that debate this morning jeebus . Hope everyone is still chill though . 
Early shift tonight . Got half my bedroom cleaned up . 
Home early . Gonna sleep til 8 then get up for breakfast with < PROPFIRST > and his Dad . Feeling pretty amazing right now I must admit . 
TGIF hopefully it's fairly uneventful . 
So I'm sitting here sipping a cold one relaxing after a long week and I feel like being a little adventurous today . It just might be time for me to get those second ear piercings and that lip piercing I've wanted for a while . 
Can\t wait for my super long vacation in August . " 
Wanna see a movie tonight but I don't wanna deal with all the crazy Twi hards that are gonna be out there tonight ... 
Work is gonna suck this week . 6 day work week ending in a ten hour shift . We are all gonna be at each others throats in dispatch . 
Gonna go see some Avatar : The last airbender today . 
Damn you TLC for showing \Say Yes to the Dress\ " for a full hour but I have to go to work . " 
It baffles me that you'd rather be with some bitch who cheats on you because your afraid you'll be alone the rest of your life . Seriously you deserve better and let's face it she ain't gonna change . 
Tired . Bracing myself for hectic holiday weekend that I'll be working . Everyone else be safe and have fun . 
My stupid cat keeps peeing on my couch ! I don't know what to do with him anymore ! Unfortunately it looks like he'll be making a trip to < PROPFEMALE > soon ... 
Work sucked . Time to relax and sleep and then get up at one or two and do it all over agin . 
Week over finally . Gonna sleep a bit and then my boys and I are gonna head out to SB to check out State Street . 
Having a glass of wine just hanging around with my < PROPFEMALE > . Thinking over a few money priorities . Some decorating and getting a best friend back for a visit . 
Bad news : work tonight . Good news : Only four days of it , I get paid Friday , Plus a beach trip with my home girlies from Valet on Monday . 
OH LAWD ! Work was so slow compared to last weekend . Happy payday to me ! 
There's an opening in my Complex for those of you that were interested . 1200 east walnut # C rent is 885$ contact Tower Property management . 
Has enough monies to bring < PROPFEMALE > back for as long as she wants and a little extra to buy a new pantry for the kitchen . <3 
Gonna go buy a pantry for the kitchen today and hopefully get some laundry done . 
It's my Friday ! Hopefully beach tomorrow if the weather gets better . Someone text me if it gets cancelled . 
Beach trip cancelled . So it looks like I'll be cleaning house and possibly getting my lip pierced instead . 
Gonna go to SB here in a bit . Probably go see Predators tonight with the boyz . lol . 
Got my lip done today . Looks cool . Also went and saw Predators which was bad ass . 
Work tonight . Ick . 
Errands to run before work . 
Fuck you Florida ! Gimme back my friends ! 
Work\ 
was stupid busy all night . I just want it to be my weekend so I \ 
can go see my family and relax already . 
Today was one of those days that make you want to drive far far away and never look back . Leave everything behind and start new some where ... 
Hangin with my sistas . 
Jesus . I can't go anywhere in public with my sisters . I've been asked two suggestive question in two days . \What are you gonna do with that butter ? \ " ( We bought butter to make cookies . ) \ " What kinda sauce are you guys using ? \ " ( We were making spaghetti . ) Both questions posed by men at the store . " 
Back from Dad's and it's back to work for me . 
Had a gentleman tell me tonight that I have beautiful eyes and beautiful teeth and that he'd love to see me in some stilettos and a strapless black cocktail dress . Ah yes the inebriated make my night so much more interesting . 
This week went by super fast for me . Thank God . 
That'll teach you not to grab on to people for stupid reasons you crazy old lady . Can't touch this ! 
Jager bombs and learning to shuffle with < PROPFIRST > . 
Gonna learn to shuffle and be a < PROPFEMALE > kid and go to raves and stuff . Feeling pretty good . 
Applebees ! 
Back to work . So looking forward to that vacation in August . 
Almost half way through . 
Gonna do Vegas in August for < PROPFIRST>'s birthday . Staying at the Venetian and we'll be there for three days . Maybe see some family . 
Yay it's the weekend ! 
Get paid tomorrow . Need to book the hotel and then I need to do a little outfit shopping . Definitely in need of a new bikini . Also need more beads for < PROPFEMALE > . 
I've gotta make an appointment to get my eyes checked . Getting more and more blind everyday . Damn genetics . 
Making reservations at TI today for our Vegas getaway . Gonna do some clothes shopping Tuesday I believe . Just two more weeks ! I'm hanging in there but barely . 
Wish I could just quit everything and go to school full time again . Although I'm grateful for my job I don't want to be stuck here forever with no future . 
Why can't we be friends ? No seriously why can't we ? In other news . I'm staying home tonight to watch movies and make some more < PROPFEMALE > . 
OMFG earthquake . Jesus Christ . 
Still bikini shopping . ugh . 
Hanging out . Having a drink . Watching TV . Two weeks of work before vacation . 
Work time already ? FFFFFUUUUUUUUU- 
< PROPMALE>'s for dinner . Gonna enjoy it with my Briar . <3 
Watching my cat trying to drown himself in his water bowl and I'm wondering if I should assist him . < PROPFIRST > would say yes . lol . 
Home early from work . Not feeling very good . I'll just do what the slot techs do when they dunno what's wrong with the machines . Power reset . Lol . 
Cleaning house . 
Gonna go see < PROPFIRST > Pilgrim vs the world . 
Gonna see < PROPFIRST > Pilgrim vs the World tomorrow . Lol . 
My rave attire in in the mail . Hope fully it will be here before I leave for Vegas . 
Well fuck you too radishes . I didn't want you to grow up and be delicious in my salad either . 
Half way through the week . Bring on the last two days ! 
My leg fluffies have arrived . Been trying to get my house somewhat clean before I leave Wednesday . 
Just gotta get through tonight and I'm off for the next 9 days . 
The house is clean ! Mission accomplished ! Gonna go make some more bracelets and watch a movie to wind down . 
Leavin at 8am tomorrow . 
Ugh . Up finally after a long night . Now how about some breakfast ? Maybe pool ad shopping today . 
Went to the oxygen bar for a 20$ session . Came with free drinks and a back massage . Bitchin . 
Bedtime . Breakfast with my uncle in the morning . 
Mojito , lemon drop , buttery nipple . Mmmmm . 
San Bernadino bound in the morning . Gonna go party at the Kosmic Festival rave . 
Rave tonight ! 
Home safe from Vegas . I'll put up the pics later . Rave was great . 
Chillin at home with my bros . 
Dear work . I don't miss you . 
Fuck . I don't want to go back to work tomorrow . 
Back to the daily grind . At least Payday is close by . 
Definitely grocery shopping tomorrow when we get paid . Between family and friends I've been eaten out of house and home . 
Damn paycheck is already gone 
Ending my week with a ten hour shift . Gonna be a long night . 
Don't tell me to get lost because I just might take you seriously . 
I has a 24 pack and some laundry to do . Oh bby . 
My throat freakin hurts . Please don't be sick . 
Ugh my head is throbbing . Dayquil isn't helping much . 
Feeling much better today . Back to work then I guess . 
I'd like my sense of taste back please ? Kthnxbai . 
I really hope it's all worth it in the end . 
Finally Friday ! Thank God . Hope to rest up on my weekend and kick this stupid cold . 
Why can't anything go easily ? Ugh . 
Chillin watching movies at home alone . T_T 
Trying to occupy myself while < PROPFIRST > plays Halo Reach . 
Back to work tonight . 
Managed to somehow fuck up my sleeping schedule . Gonna be a pain to get it back on track again . 
Feel nasty workin in zone 4 all night . Bleh . Shower and then bed . 
It's finally Friday ! 
Starting to think about my Halloween costume already . Probably gonna do < PROPFEMALE > from Scooby Doo if I can find the materials in time . If not I'll just wear my renaissance costume I suppose . 
Super hyper for some reason not sure if it's cause I'm off work for my weekend or if my weird depressed state has finally gone upward . 
Kings cup with my homies . 
Recovering from last night . Slightly hungover . 
My household now has two xbox 360s . Need to do some clothes shopping soon though . 
Fucking tired and irritated . Ugh . 
Why does nothing ever turn out like it should ? 
I picked the worst movie to watch before bed . Dear < PROPFIRST > . I think I'm gonna baw . 
The ending to that movie was way stupid and made me super angry . 
Where the hell was this weather when I was trying to grow tomatoes and squash this Summer ? Seriously . 
It's my Friday . 
I don't want to sleep right now but I know ifI don't today will suck . 
Super excited to < PROPFEMALE > out with Briar and < PROPMALE > next Weekend . 
I'm uncertain as to how things are gonna work out . But we'll see ... 
Ugh I'm awake already . I don't have work till 8 and I don't get to go back to sleep till 5am tomorrow morning . 
Okay I'm up and showered . Now for some food . 
Work tonight and it looks like I won't see my < PROPFEMALE > before I leave . Bummer . 
Through nappin on the couch . Gonna get up and get some dinner before work . 
Home from work . Nobody to say hello cept for my furry babies . 
Bring on the rain . 
Thank god for payday . Gonna go get those bills paid . 
I can't sleep . I miss too many people . 
Got to chill with Briar most of Sunday then went down to the casino to get my flu shot and request some days off today . Trying to get the time off to go to BlizzCon . Dunno if I have enough hours though . BTW It was great seeing all the Valet crew today . I miss you guys . 
Those of you that have Skype hit me up . Give me your Screen name . 
Home after a long day in Ventura shopping . Bought new panties and some new T-shirts . Topped it off with a big bowl of Pho soup at Saigon Noodle House . 
Snug as a bug in a rug . Loving the rain . 
Back to work tonight . Hopefully I have enough hours to get BlizzCon off . 
Hopefully it's busy tonight on the other hand though hopefully we have enough people to actually give 5 < PROPFEMALE > guest service . 
Omg only two more days in my week . 
Yay weekend ! 
Didn't get anything accomplished today just too tired . 
Added a bunch of you to my XBox live friendslist . I don't play often anymore I must admit but I'm trying to get back into the swing of stuff . 
Watchin movies , painting my nails and looking for skype usernames . If you have skype hit me up . SN = mazelin . 
Work . Bleh . Hate Wednesday nights . 
Payday !!!!!! 
Because you ask and because I'm fond of you I give you the best advice I can . However it really pisses me off that you don't listen to it and shrug me off like I'm just another stupid girl . Ugh . 
Friday ! Excited for my weekend . Gonna go see Jackass 3D with the guys Tuesday night . 
Off work early . Oh yeah ! 
OMG Gym hurts . I feel like a giant noodle . 
I think I just heard thunder ? Which kinda suck because < PROPFIRST > went to work . I'm gonna go get my candles and lantern . 
Holy crap . I know what I'm gonna be for Halloween . =D 
Why is everyone in my complex moving out ? Jesus there are like four apts for rent right now . 
Had a great time out with the guys . Chilling at my house with them toss a few cold ones back and watching < PROPFIRST > play DJ Hero . Soon AMV Hell 5 . 
Back to work tonight but only for two days then it's BlizzCon time . Then work again Sunday . 
Made a delicious dinner for < PROPFIRST > and I . Tri tip and pasta . Complete with the smoke alarm going off 
This is amazing btw . 
Made it back safe and sound with a ton of memories . 
The pics from BlizzCon are up . I'm gonna go pass out for a few hours . 
Hit me up on Skype if anyone wants to chat tonight . 
Totally forgot I have a meeting at work tomorrow . FFFFFFFFUUUUUUU 
Visiting Family up north . Be back tomorrow . 
Wide awake and bored . 
Fucking amazing sleeping on and off on the couch with the TV on then waking up to the episode of DragonBall Z where Vegeta is repeatedly screaming \His power level is over 9000 ! \"" 
Back to work tonight . Can't wait till Halloween . Gonna be a mad scientist for Halloween . 
Just keep swimming . <3 
Uh well now that I'm alone .. wtf do I do with myself ? Probably just finish up laundry and go to work . 
Left work sick . They can have my soul tomorrow for all I care . 
Time to finish up my costume which means a little fire might be involved . 
Costume finished and ready for work . 
Chillin at Dad's . Watching movies . 
Chopped up my hair and added a bit of color . All in all looks pretty good . 
My hair is so short . > w < But I don't hate it . lol . Back to work . 
Remember Remember the 5th of November ... 
Had an awful shitty night at work . But ranting with < PROPFEMALE > all the way home about it made it almost worth it . 
I need to get a move on with all these plans of mine ... 
Oh yes it's Friday . <3 
Had an emotional break down at work . FFFFFFUUUUU . Damn hormones always getting me in trouble . 
Going with Bri to the midnight release of Black Ops . 
OMG Dad is such a dork . Really explains where I get it from though . < PROPMALE > wants to do my hair but said that she'd do it later so I don't lose my volume . Dad looks at me and whispers \Yeah caussssse otherwisssse you'll have to talk like thisss . \"" 
Looks like a quiet night in tonight . 
Relaxing before work . Watching Ouran highschool Host club on Netflix . 
Ice on my car ? You have got to be kidding me ... 
Can't help but inwardly flinch as I tear down everything I built up to support myself from the time I was 19 to now . It will only hurt for awhile maybe after I pull a new path under my feet I'll be able to walk again . 
Can't sleep . 
Playin some Fable 3 . 
Finished Ouran Highschool Host Club again today . The ending always makes me cry . ;~; 
Fruits Baskets where the characters eyes are big enough to make the PowerPuff girls jealous . 
All my plans got screwed today due to my Flu . 
Always end up thrown under the bus some how ... 
I'd like to stop being sick now if that's alright . 
Gonna finish eating dinner and probably take some Nyquil and pass out . 
Feeling better today or at least well enough to work . Trying to figure out what to do with myself . 
Can't help but wonder where this will go . 
Gonna go sleep . Then clean house for a bit today maybe . 
Didn't get much sleep unfortunately and the house didn't get cleaned . Maybe tomorrow will be more productive . 
Listened to some sound advice from some one that I thought was the enemy . Realized where everything got derailed between the sun and the < PROPFEMALE > . 
Can't sleep ... again . 
Well today sucks and I haven't even gotten to work yet . 
I really need to get my Christmas shopping done . Meh . 
Think I might have tweaked my back some how this week . Luckily today is Friday . 
Nothing is completely clear to me at this moment . All I know is that I will move forward to complete my goals . And we'll see what happens along the way . 
Visiting dad and the sisters . Eye appointment tomorrow . New glasses in a week probably . 
Wish I had watched this show four months ago ... 
New frames have been purchased and I'll get em in about two weeks . 
Shopping in Ventura today . Oh Boy . <3 
Home . Exhausted . Cold . Laundry when I get up . 
Sushi sounds amazing today . 
Well it ain't sushi but a hot cup of coffee and a steaming bowl of beef ramen on a day like this . Almost as good . 
Home for now . Bring on my Friday . ^_^ 
I know your ready to catch me but I'm just not ready to fall . V_V 
Home again . Need to clean house and pay bills . XXL Chalupa thing sounds amazing for lunch . 
Bills paid and I has groceries . Thanks Casino for your gift cards . Now time to go OM NOM NOM before work . 
Change your profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To not\ 
see a human face on FB until Monday , December 6th . Join the \ 
fight against child abuse . Copy & paste this to your status and \ 
inviteyour friends to do the same . 
So Floor Ops peeps . This Christmas party is gonna be so awesome . ^_^ 
Can't sleep . Ugh . Tonight will suck . 
It's Friday . Gonna pass out now though . 
Looks < PROPFEMALE > out today , kinda beautiful actually . Busted out some hot chocolate and a fuzzy blanket . Let's go Friday ! 
My day off finally . Gonna sleep for a few hours and head North . 
Picked up my new glasses today now to get use to the new prescription strength . >.< 
So I hear Lady Antebellum and Sugarland are Playing at Midstate Fair this year . Want tickets . Want want want . 
2nd season of How I Met Your Mother is a summary of my life so far and quite a painful reminder . 
In some serious need of a dye job . Starting to look adopted again . 
Want to see Tangled later . Anyone else interested ? 
So I need to find an outfit for this Department Christmas party . Thought I had it handled but apparently not . >.< Need to find the time to do that now . 
Work had to go and mess up the Monday Christmas party so now I'm trying to go to the Wednesday one . Hopefyully I can because my name was first on that list as soon as the paper hit the table . 
Hungry but tired . Sleep now eat later I guess . 
Just when I think I'm alright . I'm not . 
Tonight was not very good . Here's to hoping for a better tomorrow . 
Went shopping at the < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > mall today with Gram for my Christmas party outfit . In total Cute grey halter top = 30$ , 2 pairs of legging = 45$ , New black peeptoe heels = 45$ , watching Gram's face light up at the Christmas Town and toy train display = Priceless . 
Today was better . So much laughter today . 
Workin an extra day this week . Hope it goes by fast . 
Christmas shopping tomorrow and then visiting Daddy . =] 
You never cease to amaze me . :] 
Christmas Party tonight ! Gonna be so awesome . =D 
Just watched \It's Complicated\ " with < PROPFEMALE > Streep and < PROPMALE > Baldwin . Cute movie . The siblings remind me of my siblings and I . " 
All dressed up for the party . < PROPFEMALE > and I are gonna get dinner and hit the town . 
So tonight was awesome . Made me really realize how awesome the people I work with are . 
Sold out concert tonight . Hopefully busy . 
Tron : Legacy and Jamba Juice . Sounds like a plan . 
Losing my mind . -___-;; 
Feeling a little better today . Gonna go get some food and pick up my prescriptions here in a bit . 
Oh wow . =D 
Need talk to HR and my doctor on Monday . Hopefully everything checks out alright . 
Vicodin gave me trippy nightmares . So here I am awake at 3am . Gonna get a snack and snuggle down with my trashy romance novel till I can sleep again . 
Feeling a bit better today . Doctor's appointment tomorrow just to follow up . Till then going stir crazy locked up in my house . But at least I get to listen and enjoy the rain . 
So I'm out of work for 2 and a half days and that half day was spent in the hospital and the doctor prescribed me vicodin but I still don't qualify for FMLA ? Our system is broken people . Also they days I was out happen to be mandatory . 
I would appreciate it if my parents Ex's kept their noses out of my personal life and health issues . Quite frankly if you really gave a damn you wouldn't be their Ex . 
Wish I has some cheesecake brownie ice cream right about now . So sick of being cooped up in my house . T_T 
Only fools rush in . 
Heavily medicated ! :D 
So my weather app tells me that we might have thunderstorms from 1a to 4a ? Uh I really hope it's wrong ... 
Tonight was fun . Reminiscing with old friends , gasping over light displays , and watching < PROPFIRST > make straight men uncomfortable . Love you hun ! 
Starting to realize I've been over doing it worrying about everyone else . Might be good for me to worry about myself for a little while . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ! Please drive safe and enjoy the Holiday responsibly . 
Fuck yes it's the weekend ! Valet Chica dinner tomorrow night and then Shamrock with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > on Tuesday . 5:30 p Tuesday come chill . 
So wine tasting was epic . Afterward we headed down to Maverick because it was insisted that we do a Cactus Cooler shot . And then we jumped up on the bar and pinned up a dollar < PROPMALE > . Shamrock at 5:30 tonight ! Hopefully also epic . 
Surprised I survived last night . Back to another boring day at work . Kinda makes up for the fact I won't be partying New Years . Stupid OT . 
Fucking nightmares . Hate them . Feel like crap now ugh . 
Would just like to start fresh already and end this year now . 
New Years at work this year . 10hr shift today and tomorrow . Paycheck you better be worth it . 
I'm frustrated with being told the same thing one too many times this month . Not anyone's fault in particular . But fuck seriously . If you feel it say it . And don't try to retract it later blaming it on something else . 
Opened my Christmas presents at Dads today . Got my Montanan DS I I wanted so bad . Need to go buy pokemon and scribblenauts now . 
Dr Who is so fucking epic . <3 
Love having freshly painted nails . I feel so pretty . <3 
You know you've been working too much when you answer your phone saying \Slot dispatch this is < PROPFIRST > speaking . \ " ... Seriously . " 
Aww fuck . It's Monday . But at least I get paid this week . 
Saw my first RL structure fire on my way home this morning . The trailer park on the corner of A st and Pine st is burning . Hope everyone is alright . 
When I wake up tomorrow I will have monies . :] 
Facebook be doubling posting my shit wtf . Got paid today it was awesome . Worth all the Holiday bullshit and OT I did . 
So Epic moment of the day . Bri and I roll up to a stop light , this guy in his little race car is checkin us out smiling and starts blasting his techno . He nods at us and turns it down . We roll the windows down just as my iPod shuffles to Sir Mixalot's Baby Got Back . Proceed to do nasty hand gestures and blare it loud . Dude gives us a thumbs up laughing the whole time . Best part of my day . 
Down for the count . 
Making a lovely tri tip if I do say so myself . ^_^ Can't wait till it's done . 
Okay world . I'm awake now . Fuck . Anybody else want to call and harass me before my alam goes off ? 
Had an awesome day with Bri . Gonna post pics a little later . 
Visiting Daddy . Did a mini amateur photoshoot with < PROPMALE > . Def need better camera . Some day I'll get there . <3 
Oh Lordy it's Monday . 
Managed to accidentally murder my iPod . Time to get in contact with Apple and get some use out of that warranty . 
Aw Nyquil <3 
Just got a chill watching footage from Australia's floods . A 13 year old boy is believed dead after telling rescuers to save his little brother instead . The love of siblings knows no bounds . 
To get out of bed or to go back to sleep till 2 ? Hmmm 
Today was warm and toasty . And now I must go to work until it's frigid outside . 
Long night in dispatch but it was pretty chill . Felt great to laugh that much . Silly < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > . 
OT to night and two days next week . Bring it . :D 
Tonight long but I made it . Super tired gonna pass out till 2ish . <3 
Dear < PROPMALE > Iglesias , \ 
The uncensored version of your new song is my favorite to sing however it gets the wrong kind of attention from people . \ 
Sincerely , \ 
< PROPFIRST > 
Woke up with only 3 hours of sleep and can't fall back to sleep FML luckily it's my day off . Shamrock tonight <3 
So it's gonna be a hard decision picking a new bikini for this Summer . =] 
Ugh . Made it home safe . Night world . Work tomorrow night . >.< 
Last night was epic . Pics later when my camera is returned to me . 
Well back to work I suppose . ]: 
Made a big fat breakfast for myself . :D 
Trips me out how much the < PROPFEMALE > illuminates things sometimes ... 
Another beautiful missile launch . That never gets old for me . 
Arguing with myself about whether or not I can afford the apartment I've got my eye on . Hmmm ... 
Part of me is considering taking up running . Then at least when people ask me how I stay so thin , I have something to say other than \LOL Nothing . \"" 
So I think it's finally time for new hubcaps . 
Looking at fabric to improve upon my < PROPFEMALE > kid tutu . 
Didn't get all my errands finished because I lost my list but I got the more important ones taken care of . 
Stuck somewhere between the 3rd and 4th step . Be out of the woods soon though I think . 
Working 6p to 4a tonight . Bring it . 
I AM A HANDFUL - unfortunately most women WON'T re-post this . I'm strong willed , independent , a bit outspoken , and I tell it like it is . I make mistakes , I am sometimes out of control and at times hard to handle but I love and give with all my heart . If you can't handle me at my worst then you sure don't deserve me at my best . If you are a HANDFUL , re-post ! I dare you . 
OT tonight . Bring the ibuprofen and lets do this ! 
Hanging in there . 6 hours to go . >.< 
Tonight was long but it never ceases to amaze me how good a night can turn out even though your in a shitty zone and you'll be there for 10hrs and with the right mix of people in your zone it really can make the time fly by . Much love to ya if you passed through my zone tonight and much love to my OT verifiers . We made it . 
Ciao bitches . Oh and seriously HATERS GONNA HATE . Cause I know you were mad about that potato chip for another reason . :D 
Having some epic sister time . Gonna head back South tomorrow . Only four days of work this week . 
Back to work tonight . And my landlord is doing an inspection on my place Friday ? FML . 
3 days of work left then I get my 4 days off . Friday I get to have coffee with my Briar face . <3 This weekend is gonna be so epic . 
No makeup today . Sorry in advance world . Wednesdays are slow at the Mash anyway . 
It's almost 6am and my moronic neighbors are blasting their music . >.< 
YES ! My iPod is back ! Now I can sleep . Thank God . 
If I can hear your music from 3 seats away . Your music is too loud . No one else wants to listen to your shitty rap music . Hope you go deaf in the next 5 years . 
Today is the first time in awhile that a Friday is actually MY Friday . 
Cleaning my house like a crazy lady . Landlord is supposed to be here at 3 for the inspection and I has coffee with my Briar at 4 . 
Blasting MY music for a change . No more of the morons next door doing it and then idiots on my damn bus doing it . It's my turn Damn it . 
Hate seeing my babies so upset . Really stresses me out . :[ 
For the record . This is probably the best land lord I have ever had . Not saying much since I've only rented two places . But seriously . 
Shamrock <3 Come one come all . 
So this weekend has been pretty great . Back to work Wednesday . Trying to make this last as long as possible . >.< 
Tired and cold . Back is killing me randomly too . Oh well back to work tonight finally . 
Oh work . I did not miss you . However I did miss the hilarious , gorgeous , amazing ladies I work with . See you all tonight . <3 
My bed has become a nest of blankets and I having a hard time leaving it . 
Tylenol and sleepy time . <3 
I'm getting waaaay too good at waking up 10 minutes before my alarm goes off . 
So tonight is boxing night . And ladies you know what that means . The floor is gonna reek of testosterone , < PROPMALE > and maybe even a little bit of failure . The eye < PROPFEMALE > will be on parade . So single ladies , WORK IT . And taken ladies , remind your men how lucky they are to have you on their arm . Bust out your push up bras and your best perfume . Tonight lets shake up this FLOOR ! 
Work was fun tonight . <3 One of those rare occasions . 
Superbowl when I wake up . Hell yes . 
Seriously nothing entertains me more than talking with my sisters . 
About to watch Moulin Rouge with my sisters . Honestly our favorite musical to sing along to . 
Meh . Still awake . Watching Dr. Who reruns . 
Woke up to my sisters poised over me with pillows . Then they started beating me with them . God I miss them . >.< 
It's my Monday and hi ho hi ho . I'm off to work once again . 
Long night in dispatch . I was still feeling up and awake till I sat on the bus . Now I'm doing my best not to nod off . Oh well . 
Running around like crazy trying to get my laundry done before work . Finally have a minute to sit , eat and relax . * sigh * 
Laundry and bed . Sounds like a plan . 
Errands in SM today . Specifically at the Mall . Text me if you wanna meet up . 
Watching a movie before bed . Slightly dismayed by my night . Beginning to wonder if love ever lasts anymore . 
Gram and Gramps are gonna feed me foods now . See you all at work . <3 
Gonna check out the swapmeet with < PROPFEMALE > . Then maybe later a nap . 
I've been a night critter for waaay too long . Sun light burns . >§< 
Dad's house for the weekend . :D 
Happy Valentines Day ! 
New phone is up and running . Pretty awesome having the internet in my pocket . 
Made it home safe . Work tonight though . Hope the week goes by quickly . 
On my way home from work . Just gonna pass out when I get to bed . >.< 
Wtf my iPod has zero battery . Gonna be a long quiet trip to and from work . 
I really need to quit this Farmville nonsense . I have like 50+ requests and my crops keep dying . >.< Had a good run with it though . 
Came home to moonlit clouds and wind blown drizzle . Couldn't help but stop and admire nature for a moment . 
Love how it's just fucking pouring . I was so confused when I woke up and my house was still very dark . But hey I guess it makes for easier day sleeping . 
Trying to import my contacts from Facebook to Skype but it keeps saying something about the server or whatever and I got paid today but it looks like I got shorted 100$ . 
Well my walk way is flooded and I almost had to dogpaddle to my car . Getting out of my car I was hurrying to get inside and slipped . Totally landed on my ass . 
Well today sucked . Eventually you do stupid shit/stupid shit happens and you laugh it off . I'm pretty much past the laughing part . Not funny anymore . 
Woke up to thunder and lightning . Which by the way scared . the hell out of me . 
Soooo busy tonight . TGIF though . 
Disneyland ! 
My face is sore from all that smiling yesterday . :] 
Trying to get all my neglected chores done . Laundry check . Garbage Check . Need to go grocery shopping this week and clean the kitchen . 
Why does today feel so cold ? Jeebus . I'm literally a blanket burrito sitting at my computer . 
I'm aware my current living situation is odd . But do I need constant commentary about it ? No . It's my business so kindly fuck off and worry about your own lives 
Didn't sleep very well but that's my own fault I suppose . 
Slowly waking up . It really helps me sleep when the weather is like this . 
My bus is all toasty warm . <3 
On my way home . Can't believe my week is almost over . 
Grocery shopping accomplished . Watching the bag boys fight over who got to help me out to my car . Extremely flattering . After telling them I didn't need help and walking out to my car alone . I turn around and one had followed me to my car anyway . Which was creepy . 
Trying to figure out what I'm gonna do with myself this weekend ... I wanna see a movie I think but I don't wanna go by myself . >.< 
Watching movies and cleaning house tonight I think . 
Finally watched Tangled . So adorable . <3 
\It's not as easy as willing it all to be right\ 
Beauty and the Beast + < PROPFEMALE > = FTW 
I have all my movies lined up for tonight . <3 
It's almost the time of the year for Ren Faire season . Going over my costume seeing what bits of things can be added and/or replaced . 
Had to pause I am Legend because it's at my least favorite part in the movie . Always hard for me to watch . >.< 
Feel a bit like an animal caught in a trap . Wondering when I start gnawing my own limbs off .... 
Off to work . The only routine in my life still intact . Oh well . It's the only routine that ever paid me . 
Pouring rain . Suitable I suppose . 
Nightmares need to go away now . Plzkthnx . 
I'm so catching up on my sleep today . 
Oh < PROPMALE > Ford . <3 
So I made a Tumblr account today . Figured it was probably time I made my own blog . 
Hot soup and a sandwich before work . < 
Cost me 40$ to fill my tank . When I first got this car in 2007 it only cost me 20$ . The Middle East needs to straighten their shit out and quit costing me monies . 
One more day . In my week . 
Trying to wake up . However that's not so easy today . 
You always know how to smooth me out when I'm upset . A useful quality believe me . <3 
Happy weekend to me . I'm all cracked out on caffeine and sugar . Not a good combo before bed . 
Most definitely sick . But on a good note . Ended up getting a dress for my birthday and from what I gathered I guess I look pretty smokin in it . 
Back to work tonight . Time for a little nap first . 
Looks like hot tea and nyquil when I get home . Ugh . 
Feeling awful . Ugh . Gonna go grab meds and Orange juice at Walgreens . 
Thanks everyone for RSVPing to my birthday thing . Just a heads up but a bunch of us are gonna grab Dinner at Redzone Bar and Grill probably around 5:30 . Looking forward to seeing you on Sunday the 20th . 
On my way home . Gotta get up for that meeting tomorrow . 
Off to work again soon . Swear to God I was just there . Ugh . Stupid meetings . 
Laughing my ass off riding the bus with < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPFEMALE > . 
So glad today is over . Was waaay longer than it needed to be . 
Trying to find something to watch while I finish up my laundry . 
Laundry done and the week is almost over . 
Happy Friday to me . Let's get this week finished already . 
God I need to quit dragging my ass today . But the company has just been so enjoyable . <3 
Went home sick from work . This cold needs to be over before my birthday . 
Breakfast with Ciara . <3 
Wine and movies . Sounds like the start of a good night . <3 
Battle LA was alright . 
Back to work tonight . This weekend was lovely . Next weekend is gonna be awesome . 
Dishes .... I hate dishes .... 
Dishes done . Kitchen mostly clean . Like a boss . 
On my way to work . This week needs to go fast 
So < PROPFEMALE > and I are gonna build a pillow fort and live in it . It's pretty much been decided . 
Oh wine . Why are you so good ? >.< 
Trying to get the motivation to leave my bed . Really not ready to start the day . 
Oh internal conflict . You make life so difficult ... 
At the Shamrock for St < PROPFEMALE>'s day ! 
Okay I'm awake . Sorry to anyone I worried . I guess I shut my alarm off by accident again . 
Gonna put away laundry and head to bed . Lunch with < PROPFIRST > when I get up though . 
Making some Banana nut muffins . Calm down people ! It's definitely out of a box . ^_^ 
Feeling angsty today . Boo . :( 
Oh lordy its Friday . Gonna get my hair touched up and then its off to the < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Mall . 
To the mall ! Away ! 
Cold < PROPMALE > ! Bust my cold already ! Jeebus . 
Power outage on the floor with 1700 machines in play . No Bueno ... 
Tonight was chaotic at best . This storm is crazy . Hope everyone makes it home safe . 
Looking forward to seeing you all tonight at the Shamrock at 7p . Let's party shall we ? Any questions or concerns please message me . 
Time to get all dressed up . ^_^ 
All dressed up and ready to go . 
Made it safely home . Thanks everyone for coming . 
Thanks everyone for coming last night . You are all seriously awesome people . I'm so greatful to have such good people in my life . 
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes . I had very wonderful birthday with friends and family . <3 
Watching Bri and the boys make dinner . Baja filets , with mashed potatoes , salad and French bread . 
Back to work ...... Meh . 
Tonight was long but fun . Gonna go pass out for a few hours . 
Snuggling with my kittys and watching movies . 
Oh taxes ... I suppose I should stop procrastinating ... 
Off to work . 
Falling in love with Panic's new album . <3 
I'm needing a fresh perspective on my life . Time to sever ties and make some new connections . 
Okay world I'm awake . What do you want ? 
Rather impatient today . At least its Friday . 
Not tired yet really . Wish I had someone to < PROPFEMALE > out with right now . Oh well . 
Can't sleep . FML . 
Waking up slowly . 
Pizza and Fullmetal Alchemist : Brotherhood . Quiet evening in . 
Wine . <3 Oh lordy . 
Drunk Skype in 3 ... 2 ... 1 ... 
So drinks and movies tonight . <3 
Enter the thoughtful drunk who thinks waaay too much . When I'm outta here it won't matter . And maybe you won't either . 
I go to bed at 12a and wake up at 4a . Been laying here trying to go back to sleep . So far nothing but we'll see what melatonin does . 
Oh anime . How I've missed you . <3 
Think I'm gonna try and go back to sleep soon . Right after I finish the latest episode of Being Human . :D 
I forgot they were doing maintenance on the pipes in my apartment complex so all the water is shut off . They were supposed to be done at 2p and I slept past that so I figured it wouldn't be a problem . I go to hop in the shower get a face full of water and then the shower just goes off . FML . This water better be back on in an hour . 
I'm thinking < PROPFIRST > tomorrow if the weather stays nice . Get up a little early , spend a few hours napping on the beach before work . If you interested let's go . 
Tomorrow is supposed to be a better day for beach weather so I just might wait . 
For the record once you get on my shit list it takes way longer and harder to get off it than any normal person . I hold grudges for a long ass time . 
< PROPFIRST > tomorrow for sure . Anyone care to join me ? 
Got that Early out . Might get some sleep . Hit me up is anyone wants to do < PROPFIRST > tomorrow . If not I'll go solo . 
Gonna go chill with < PROPFEMALE > and lounge in < PROPMALE>'s wading pool . 
Relaxing in my warm house before work . Home sweet home . 
Tonight needs to end . Feeling a little down . Meh . 
I do believe it's laundry day . 
It's too hot for laundry ! D: But I know if I don't do it today everyone and their mother will take up all the washers and driers tomorrow . 
Our new job duties start tonight . Which is hilarious because most of us still need our new badges and they forgot a few people still need training . LOL . 
So restless . Don't even know why . 
Downside to dating a hot Pro Gamer ? Rabid fan girls . Luckily he's only got eyes for me . <3 
Watching The Swan < PROPFEMALE > with < PROPMALE > . Hilarious commentary ensues . 
Every night for the past week I have gotten a butt cramp as I crawl into bed . It wouldn't be so bad if it went away immediately but no it lingers . >.< 
Watching Repo ! The Genetic Opera with Dad and < PROPMALE > . Surprisingly good . Rock and goth kinda . Pretty awesome . 
Laughing hysterically with Dad and < PROPMALE > watching How I Met your Mother . 
My lil sister is home from Dallas . <3 
Aggravated for a number of reasons . 
Headed out with my boys tonight for < PROPMALE>'s 21st birthday . Shamrock and sushi . <3 
CHICKEN NUGGETS ! 
On our way to < PROPFIRST>'s . 
Recovering from last night . Good god I love my boys . Definitely need to do that again soon . Going back to sleep now . 
Awake and its my Monday . >.< 
Off work and on my way home for some well deserved sleep . 5 weeks left . 
Afraid of the unknown . Pushing forward despite that . 
Out with Mom today . Going to go for a little stress relief . 
Nevermind . Guess I'll head home . 
Some poor guy is snoring loud as hell on the bus . Can't help but giggle . 
Dear photographers , I would like to take up photography . What's a good camera to start with ? And digital or film ? 
Grumpy . 
The last 4 hours of work were terrible . Going home to nom on a left over sandwich and have a glass of wine before bed . 
Was feeling kinda down today because my ovaries are trying to kill me . Thanks < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > for taking me out to lunch and cheering me up . I'd rather stay home tonight curled up with a heating pad and a movie but I'll be dragging my ass to work for my Friday instead . Hope it goes fast . 
\When you stumble make it part of the dance . \"" 
I hate running for the bus . >.< 
If any of you have my number . Do me a huge favor and call me around 11:30 a . I kinda wanna wake up before the day is gone . 
Awake kinda . 
Trying to convince myself that while yes my bed is warm I'm gonna probably have to leave it at some point today . 
Might be going on a grand adventure this weekend it seems . 
I've noticed that I'm callous , and cold toward the affections of others and I don't know why . 
Waking up and chit chatting with Dad a bit . 
Dad put new speakers in my car ! Yay ! 
Up a little early . Gonna be a long day but I hope at least it's a good one . 
You make me feeling I'm living a teenage dream . <3 
On my way home tonight was stupid slow for a Tuesday . 
I need to get out of bed but it's < PROPFEMALE > and cold outside . >.< I have stuff to do today though too . Ugh . 
Making some dinner before work . Went and bought more wine for my down time . <3 
Oh I'm sorry . I was unaware that school costs your mortal soul now . =/ 
Gonna go < PROPFEMALE > out with Mom for her birthday . 
Went and got a massage . Thanks Mama . Took care of all my anxiety that's been pent up . 
On my way home . 
Oh God . < PROPFIRST > explaining Physics . Save me . 
My mind is kinda all over the place right now . So much to do . >.< 
Screwed dispatch up pretty good tonight . But tomorrow is another day and also my Friday . 
I am so sleeping in today by the way . Dead to the world till 2p . 
Awake earlier than I meant to be but I at least feel rested . Time to get up and finish off my week . 
My cats dug all the cat food out of their dish . Wtf . Next they are going to want a democracy and my couch will be on fire . 
Surrounded by people but I still feel alone . 
Adventures with < PROPFEMALE > Caldwell when I wake up . Gonna go hunt down some half wine barrels for her garden . 
Just got done with Lunch at < PROPFEMALE > Garden . Today has been a grand adventure . Now to go home and kick back on the couch . 
Nomming left over pasta and watching anime . Gotta watch the season finale for Being Human still . Definitely a good night to catch up on my tv . 
Looks like sushi and a few drinks with the guys tonight . 
I put a mud mask on after my shower . Sent a pic to < PROPMALE > to share the hilarity , she then threatens to put it on the internet . And then < PROPFIRST > comes home trying to video tape me . Am I some endangered creature or something ? Quick get National Geographic on the phone ! 
I got four new shirts in the mail today . Two new batman shirts , A halter top and a shirt that says \This is my Zombie Killing shirt \"." 
Going to bed . I've had enough . Night all . 
Sleep wasn't helping so here I am again . 
Still can't sleep and my head hurts like hell . Drinking water and watching tv till the sleep aids and pain killers kick in . 
Waking up . Beginning of my week and here's to hoping it goes smoothly . 
On my way home . My Monday went smoothly . Super tired and sore . 
Hair appointment with < PROPFEMALE > and then I've got errands to run . 
Getting my color touched up . Back to my almost black hair . I swear its just dark brown . 
At peace with myself currently . Let's see how I feel at the end of the night . 
Power surge at work again . Fml . 
I'm having a bit of inner conflict on deciding what to decorate my new room with . My nerdy side wants my game/movie posters , plus my autographed Red Vs Blue T shirt , a long with a variety of cosplay paraphernalia . The girly side of me wants some thing functional but more grown up . Maybe something flowery . I have a feeling my nerdy side may win this one . 
Some day I'd like to do a pin up inspired photoshoot . Probably the reason I love the Suicide Girls so much . Very retro , beautiful and unique women . Plus boobs . <3 
I hope to catch the sleep thats been evading me lately . If not maybe I'll get up and go see the car show at Spring Arts Festival . 
Finally got some sleep . Thank God . Its Friday and I'm looking forward to my 4 day weekend . <3 
Chilling at Spring Arts with my Mom . Looks like I'll be here tomorrow . 
OMG ! Dr. Who Premiere for the new season ! But I can only watch 45 minutes of it because I have to go to work . >.< 
Happy Zombie Jesus day ! He died for your sins and now he's back for your BRAAAAAIIINNSSS ! 
Thanks mucho to < PROPFEMALE > Caldwell for getting my butt out of bed this morning ( Which is a feat in itself ! ) and including me in her wonderful family Easter activities . I also got a < PROPMALE > to spend the holiday with my Mother and Grandparents . Enjoyed amazing food today and the Grandparents are about to spoil me with more . Oh steak . <3 
Is there any one going to Rooneys tonight from Lompoc ? I'm thinking carpool would be best . Also a DD is needed . 
Relocating this party to the Billiards in < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > . 8pm . Go go go ! 
Had a fun night out with my coworkers . I'm so glad to have such awesome people in my life . 
Nightmares are no bueno . Ugh . 
Visiting with Dad and < PROPMALE > . Planning out my room . Watching Dr Who . Life is good . <3 
So if you've seen the latest Dr. Who episode . Go back and watch the \Silence in the Library\ " episode . All the way back to season four . Shit starts making waaaaay more sense . " 
Had a great time hanging out with old friends . Relieved a lot of stress . 
Only three days of work this week . 
Off to work . >.< Bleh . 
Disappointed by the < PROPMALE > kiss after the wedding . You ass ! Kiss that woman like you love her ! 
I hate when someone bitches to me about their problems and then doesn't do anything with the solution I offer them . If your not gonna fix it I don't wanna hear it . 
Waking up . Really need to do laundry . Trying to find the motivation to get going . 
Today blows . But it's my Friday . 
Tired of pretending I'm invincible . 
Headed out with friends . Hopefully it'll get my mind off things . 
Note to self . Don't touch face after cleaning seeds from jalapenos . Ow . My face on fire . 
I have some seriously amazing friends . <3 
For those of you that signed my card thank you so much . I pretty much bawled at lunch reading everything everyone said . I love you guys mucho . <3 
DnD with the boys . Gonna be the last time for awhile . Plenty of laughing going on though . xD 
Off to do some box hunting . 
Packing up my house to sweet music . 
Need someone to proof read my two weeks notice . >.< 
Put in my two weeks notice last night . I am moving to Atascadero to go back to school while living with my family . Thanks to everyone I've ever worked with , I will miss you . If you'd like to help with my relocation I will be moving the 9th through the 11th . Please contact me if interested . 
Snagged an EO . Gonna go home and sleep . When I get up I'll get back to packing . 
Woke up to kitties head butting me in the face . >.< 
While I was packing up the kitchen , Moota apparently walked into one of my open kitchen cupboards while I was distracted . So I turn back to the cupboard and bend down to grab some more pots and pans and get my face mauled . Thanks Moota . 
