Two more points and 1500-2000 words ! Give me motivation !!!! :P 

And the Mother is taking effect ! WooHoo ! Now for the writing frenzy ! :D 
Wooooo !!!! Caffeine ! Final stretch ! Then I am done with school maybe forever ! 
has officially completed her last assignment !!!! It was bad , but oh well , surely I passed which means I have a Masters ! Woohoo ! Now for the rest of the work before play . ;D 
thinks she might actually be an adult now .... really . Ah ! Does that mean I can no longer go to Never-Never-Land ? And I said I never would ..... 
Is utterly exhausted ... Time to sleep forever ; then will get up and start again . :) 
One last week .... so begins the countdown and the things left to be undone . 
Has an almost final concept for her tattoo , but needs to think of a cheaper alternative if it's too much -- as she is BROKE ! -- is still tired from the last month , and really does not want to pack all the crap ! :D 
is very , very tired but has a new tattoo and will go to sleep with her Dugong ! Anyone for a final pub-crawl with me , it'll happen tomorrow night in the rocks . I'll set the event tomorrow morning , but now have to , have to sleep . 
Pub Crawl tonight ! Meet in the Rocks entrance at 8 under the sign that says welcome to the rocks on < PROPFIRST > Street -- where it meets the Circular Quay . Let me know if you are coming or Christian or < PROPFEMALE > or < PROPFEMALE > , lol . Then we will know to wait . My num 
The sign is near the Starbucks so look for that ! And call if you can't find us ! Or maybe I'm the only one who still doesn't know where everything is . LOL Come play with me and us ! It is my last night out ! :D 
has no idea why she is up three hours after going to bed , but had a truly fantastically fabulous night . Thanks for coming with me Darlings ! 
cannot believe that this is the end . I will truly miss you OZ but especially the friends I've made . Again , here's to my plane not crashing , future rendezvous , and the most exciting animal experiences I can imagine . Love & Miss . And now to pack .... you kn 
Is sitting in the Fiji airport after extreme exhaustion and stress . Thanks for the saving by Christian and < PROPFEMALE > . And please , please , please , please , please can someone get and mail me my didgeridoo ? It was the most favorite thing I had in Australia . Bl 
Ah ! No internet ! No playtime ! Miss you all ! Call me ! 
Miss all of you ! And sooo sorry for the non-communication ! NO internet ! Plus work = Problem ! Call me on my old number ! 
I profusely apologize to everyone I have been apparently spamming over the past months or however long . I have not been online since early October , and that was on a public computer , which apparently made my password get phished .... I have changed it ! And SO Sorry again ! The crazy ad-spam crap will now stop ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all and to all good flights of fancy and wishes galore ; May you all have days to remember for evermore .... ;D ! 
Happy New Year's < PROPFEMALE > !!!! Wish you were with me or me with you ! Catch you on another birthday people ! Woo for the new drink line-up .... ;D 
I am Alive !!!!! Yay !!!! Will really , really try to stay in contact more . For real this time ! XO to you all ! 
What do you do when your Shadow's gone , when the mystery of a dream has fled , and your heart beats alone ... 
Forever more , remind me that I need to tag myself in photos too ! \ 
And that's as they go up ...... ; > 
Found 3 kittens on top of the bridge .... They had to go home with me ..... Luckily they were cute so I survived .... 
Swimming chickens , a pack of cats , weird wild dogs , but I want some bats .... and a duck ... 
People are making me mad .... yeah , I know . If it continues , I'm going to start smashing the restrictive social norms around me as an outlet ... Then maybe I can find a rabbit hole ... 
Time to saddle up and Ride ! WooHoo ! Horses , Rivers , Legendary Bull Riders and more .... so much fun we will have ! 
Zoomates anyone ? Give me a yell . :) 
Happy 4th of July everyone !!!!! Can't wait for the Boom , Boom , POW !!!! WooHoo !!!! lol . I need sparklers !!!!! 
did anyone else's ' buy map ' feature just mess up ? I had saved to get the rainy days map , then suddenly two plain ones appear , and I need more zoomates ! Gah ! 
ZooMate me anyone ? Just let me know ! :D 
Even stars fall down ...... but if you fall for long enough , it could be enough like flying that it might be worth it .... 
Just stand there and watch me burn ; it's alright because I like the way it hurts .... Just stand there and watch me cry ; it's alright because I like the way you lie ; I love the way you lie .... 
Women are Angels . When someone breaks our wings , we simply continue to fly ....... on a broomstick . We are flexible like that . ;) 
is sad ............ 
Has one of the sweetest baby equines ever !!!! Now for a name .... but first to bed or tomorrow is going to feel like crap-head ! 
is a bit burned . The River was AmaZing ! And I want a puppy really bad ! The perfect combination of husky and australian shepherd ! If my family kills me for getting it , will anyone else take it ?!!? So adorable !!!! 
Gah .... blisters on your nose are horrible .... 
asks : Can't anyone teach me how to fly ?!!? \ 
.... um , anything would be okay too . I'm all for cross-species communication . 
Really , Really thinks she should have been born with retractable claws , wings , and very , very sharp teeth .... 
Is anyone else coming to play with the stingrays ?!!? Let me know ! Let me know ! :D 
Stupid , stupid phone !!!! I need an indestructible mobile device !!!!! 
Thanks to everyone of my fantastic friends for all the Awesome birthday wishes !!!! For those of you I haven't seen , I miss and hope to get together sooner rather than later . \ 
And yeah , stingrays , < PROPMALE > marathons , turtles , tons of sugar , and feeding big cats have equaled lots of fun .... and the weekends not even over .... ;D 
Just had Resident Evil marathon .... that should make for some interesting sleep material ... 
\Turn back the clock to the < PROPFEMALE > of time when the earth was smokin ' and the lava flowed .... \ " lol Love it ! \ 
wonders ..... is it time to start the marathon of Supernatural ?!!? Weeeee !!!!! 
I find the great thing in this world is not so much where we stand , as in what direction we are moving . \ 
~ Oliver < PROPMALE > Holmes 
It's Friday ... I'm in Love !..... Yay !!!! 
is still at work on a Friday , but it is okay ! I sort-of want to go dancing or to a movie , or maybe I will just watch Supernatural all night ..... any takers ???..... Liz ??? At least for the 1st two ? :D \ 
Expendables is just across the street ! -- if I get out in time .... 
Wants a turtle !!!! And maybe to go to a haunted house in October .... 
is sleepy and excited , and not to sound weirder than normal , but I smell REALLY good !!!! Yay , B&BW ! 
A little nonsense now and then is relished by the wisest men .... 
Misses her < PROPMALE > ! :( 
Most people are other people . Their thoughts are someone else's opinions , their lives a mimicry , their passions a quotation . \ 
~ Oscar Wilde 
I want ! I need ! I crave ! Give ! LoL ! Okay , time to go to sleep and say goodnight to the ' id ' ..... 
Does anyone nearbye have a < PROPMALE > ? I-Tunes is going to make me delete all my music from My I-Pod to sync with Windows , and I have no way of saving and transporting it ! Gah ! 
Almost nobody dances sober , unless they happen to be insane . \ 
~ H.P. Lovecraft 
He who is not very strong in memory should not meddle with lying . \ 
~ Michel de Montaigne 
Rember , honey .... You can run , but you can't hide ....... ;D 
The ability to see beauty is the beginning of our moral sensibility . What we believe is beautiful we will not wantonly destroy . \ 
~ Reverend < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Dennison 
~ Just fear me , love me , do as I say , and I will be your slave . ~ 
If you're walking through Hell and high water , please don't do it alone ..... 
Regret for the things we did can be tempered by time ; it is regret for the things we did not do that is inconsolable . \ 
~ Sidney J . < PROPMALE > 
Is sad no one wants to play tomorrow .... :( \ 
But oh well .... if I can do foreign countries alone ...... :) 
Is in the mood to play with fire ..... 
Ask not what the world needs . Ask what makes you come alive ... then go do it . Because what the world needs is people who have come alive . \ 
~ Howard < PROPMALE > 
likes it in the car , on the table , on the bed , < PROPMALE > from the wall ... really I'm flexible ..... 
In honor of Halloween , old dress up shots shall be revisted until the new ones arrive .... AhWoooooooo !!!!!!! 
There is something haunting in the light of the < PROPFEMALE > ; it has all the dispassionateness of a disembodied soul , and something of its inconceivable mystery . \ 
~ Joseph < PROPMALE > 
The music is all around us ... All you have to do is listen ... \ 
~ August Rush 
You're laughing now ..... but will you still be laughing when I crawl out from under your bed ? ;D 
I lost my license but found my keys and saved my phone ! 
“Now and then we had a hope that if we lived and were good , God would permit us to be pirates”\ 
~ < PROPFIRST > Twain 
Went a little bit crazy at the Fall Festival , but after a mini-hybernation of sleep , I am back in the world of Energy ! Yay ! 
thinks she could be a victim of < PROPFEMALE > ...... 
Love is the most beautiful of dreams and the worst of nightmares . \ 
~ William Shakespeare 
Cookies are like vampires .... they drain all the moisture from other bread- like products . \ 
I can only conclude that : that makes Cookie Monster , one Bad A$$ Mo Fo ..... 
Is Excited and a < PROPMALE > bit Freaked !!!! The wedding is on ! Schedule is set ! I have to find proper clothing .... 
is inspired to look into divination .... 
Okay . There is to be a wedding , but it is not me getting married ! I am just excited to go ! Lol . Just for everyone's clarification . I am not engaged . 
Has a need to get lost in the wild ... to hear the call ... to be set free on the winds ... 
Change your profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood and invite your friends\ 
to do the same ... The Purpose : During a week we are not to see a true \ 
face on Facebook , instead we will have an avalanche of memories from our\ 
childhood ... all this for the week dedicated to No violence against \ 
children .... 
I think I may never eat cookies again .... uuuuuooooock ..... pain . 
Okay , if anyone tried to text or call me for the last 48 hours , you need to remesssage me as I managed to serial murder another phone ... \ 
\ 
Also . Just had an amazing reading , but I have to go back as my confusion has only been stirred . Clarity and passion hear my call and give me a direction to run ... 
Wonders why metal and microwaves have such an adverse reaction to each other ... 
Some , will fall without budding , some will grow quietly with a fragile beauty , some will shine for the their season , and some , some will simply burn , blazing bright for what seems mere seconds , but their fire will feed the rest .... 
wants a tiger !!!! Please ?!!? 
It must be more fun to feed me than animals in the zoo , because oh my goodness !... 
Baby , you're a firework . Come on , show ' em what you're worth .... 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS !!!!!!!! 
Awesome and fantastic weekend with amazing people ! Woo ! I promise to get the wedding pictures up starting tomorrow , everyone . I would now , but I left the camera in the other house , and I am washing all of my clothing at the moment , so I can't go back outside .... 
Needs someone to play with .... ;D ..... or maybe just sleep ..... 
If people keep attacking my baby dragon , I think I may be forced to eat them ... 
Is finally warm ! And Sleeepy .... 
There is only one difference between a madman and me . I am not mad . \ 
~ Salvador Dali 
' So wake up , wake up dreaming ..... ' 
In fury may be born the seeds of creation and destruction ... chaos unleashed ... 
If you greatly < PROPFEMALE > something , have the guts to stake everything on obtaining it . \ 
~ Brendan < PROPFIRST > 
Cold ! Cold ! Cold ! Cold ! I need to invest in more blankets !!!! 
Happy Chinese New Year !!!! It's the year of the rabbit .... 
More snow's on the way , but I really want to go play .... 
Once upon a time , I loved you .... but you were a fairytale .... 
I still laugh in the face of deadlines , HA HA HA HA !!!! \ 
But the Teach for < PROPFEMALE > application has been submitted , holy dolphinos ! Eep ! I think I'm back .... of course those last minute resume and letter of intent creations might have a negative impact .... I'm just not going to look at them . It's too late now .... ;D 
Bring on the Wonder , Bring on the Song , I pushed you down deep in my soul for too long .... 
Alas , I shall have to have dinner all alone in a crowd of people tomorrow .... unless ! HINT ! HINT ! Someone would like to go with me to said cajun gourmet dinner experience ! . . . :D 
It's time for a new pet !... now should it be a turtle or fish .... I'm most excited ... :D 
The coyotes and I are having a howl-down .... I won ... ;) Don't mess with the < PROPFEMALE > female ... 
Blueberry ! 
The last two days have been TERRIBLE , HORRIBLE , NO GOOD , VERY BAD DAYS !!!! Gah ! I am going to run away to the rainforest ... 
After turning to the Labyrinth for fitting quotations , and considering the : Someone save me !... line , I concluded that the damsel role has never been mine ... fall or fly but with dragons I'll live or die ... 
After a giant Blue Pacific and a blue balloon , I am happy .... :) 
Happy Mardis Gras !!!! SOOO wish I could have been in OZ for today ! Lol . 
AAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHH !!!!!!!!!!!! 
So sad for Japan and everyone else in the path of the waves still traveling .... 
Waht are the Ides of March ? Lol ! I know it's terrible , I Don't know ! 
Let the green times roll ! Happy St. Patricks Day everyone !!!! And quoting < PROPFEMALE > , ' Kiss me ! I'm < PROPFEMALE > ! Hahaha ! I have had zero sleep !!!! 
Has some massive and colorful bruises ... ow . lol ! 
Free phone with any new line at < PROPMALE > Cellular in Melbourne !!! Any Phone !!!! 
Feels the sting of scars that bleed ... 
