Loves the Lord , his priceless family , and amazing friends . God bless ! 

starts work in 20min ! Opah ! 
can't wait to go to church for Father's Day !!!! 
is enjoying the many blessings of being single and looks forward to the different kind of blessings of being married ( Leipf Interview 09 ) 
wait for his oil change . 
just booked his ticket to Kauai for Oct 31 - November 9 !!! Shaka !! Wait ... I think that's how you spell it .... 
needs something to do on a free Tuesday night ... any suggestions ??? 
just has to say how blessed he is with friends he doesn't deserve , who love and protect him with a godlike diligence . That's all . 
asks : \Is anyone willing to come to San < PROPFIRST > with me from August 4 through the 10th ??? \"" 
had to cancel his trip to Cali to see his awesome friends get married ! Sad times . 
is uber bummed . 
wakes up in 4 hours to get ready for work ! Whooaaa !!! 
is so going to < PROPMALE > tomorrow . Pshhh . 
is so going to do the incline at 5 and then hike Sprucetop trail at 8 ! Bomb diggidy !!!! 
Good night . Anyone a fan of sleeping ??? Apparently , not < PROPMALE > because he keeps flippin calling me !!!! 
apologizes to < PROPMALE > haller . :-( 
is soooo sore from the incline , quickly followed by a sweet hike in < PROPMALE > Lake with one < PROPMALE > Kunze ! Holla ! 
has spent 4 years reading < PROPMALE > Miserables and just finished at approximately 11:30 pm on the 7th of August , 2009 ! 
must have a sleeping disorder seeing how I work in 4 hours and find no slumber . 
can't wait to work at Stetson Hills and Powers Sbux ! 
is so no sleeping right now . hehehe 
loved my Geography class ! Apparently , the U.K. controls the Strait of Gibraltar ... just in case you all were wondering . lol 
threw < PROPFEMALE > around the dance floor last night . Her bruised feet are my evidence . lol The tango is not as easy as it sounds . :-/ 
Colorado Springs fact #1 : Out San < PROPMALE > , Miama , and Colorado Springs , Colorado Springs receives more days of sun annually . 
Colorado Springs Fact #2 : In 2007 , Forbes magazine ranked Colorado Springs in the top 5 places to \live and launch\ " in the United States . " 
Colorado Springs Fact #3 - Colorado Springs was named 2nd most fittest city in the U.S. by Healthy Living magazine in 2009 . 
needs to practice bye !!! 
Colorado Springs Fact #4 - Due to the high elevation ( 6035’-7200’) , Colorado Springs will be one of the few cities to survive global warming when the ocean level rises . 
good nite world ! 
Attnt : Starbucks employees ! If you want a quick 4hour shift at Powers/Constitution Starbucks tomorrow , let me know ASAP !!!! The shift is from 5pm-9pm . It's the opportunity of a lifetime . Don't delay !!! 
Is going to learn to cha cha ! O yea !!! 
learned the Foxtrot and the Cha cha with little to no damage to < PROPFEMALE > Howington's 10 basal digits . Yay ! 
Colorado Springs Fact #5 : The August 2009 issue of Outdoor magazine named Colorado Springs best place to live , beating Seattle in 2nd and Atlanta in 3rd . 
is so ready for popcorn and Smallville w/his favorite peeps !!! In the plans for two weeks now , brace yoself for da fuego !!! 
Colorado Springs Fact #6 : There are 1200 Olympic athletes who live in Colorado Springs to train at the U.S. Olympic Complex . 
plans on getting some deep shut-eye . Nite ! 
Colorado Springs Fact #7 : Colorado Springs lies in the heart of the Front Range region , which , according to the Bureau of Economic Analysis , boasts the highest income per capita in the U.S. as of 2009 . Just something to think about . 
is about to watch some Heroes w/his peeps !!! come join if you're near by ! 
Colorado Springs Fact #8 : Colorado Springs plays host to three military bases , the Air Force Academy , and NORAD , making it either the safest of cities or a primary target or both ! 
is about to watch one more episode of Heroes with < PROPMALE > Haller cause < PROPMALE > can't wait to see what happens to his moronic look-alike Mohinder Sresh !!! 
is so working at Brookwood and Academy tonight . Should be good . 
Colorado Springs Fact #9 : There are 81 religious national headquarters based in Colorado Springs , earning the city the nickname “the Evangelical Vatican . ” Whether it has benefited the city or not is up for debate . 
get ready Starbucks . Here I come !!! 
watches the summer rain outside , while sipping on a cup of < PROPFIRST > and studying geology . 
had a blast last night , showing < PROPFEMALE > Krause the best movie of the year ! 
is listening to I Will Exalt You by Hillsong before he immerses himself into a world of rocks and minerals in Geology 101 . 
Colorado Springs Fact #10 : 2nd to Florida , Colorado experiences more thunder storms during the summer than any other state in the union . Very true in the Springs . 
Studies Geography before class in an hour . Viel gluck ! 
Thanks everyone for a great B-day on Sunday !!!! 
has been studying Geography for class this morning since 5am . Ugh !!! But don't try to ask me what the state capitals are . lol 
sits at the window , enjoying a latte and scone , overlooking the Colorado landscape . * sigh * O the little things in life . 
ran over a squirrel last week and still hasn't recovered . I can still see its rumpled ball of fur and flesh rolling on the asphalt in my rear-view mirror , rolling into the path of on-coming traffic cause my murder wasn't enough !!! 
can't wait for a dose of fellowship and Heroes tonight !!! What son !? 
opens Sbux in 20 minutes . Whoraaaah !!! 
is playing @ Dessert House tonight ! Should be real good !!! 
4 Albums to Accompany a Colorado Autumn : 1 ) Fleet Foxes by Fleet Foxes , 2 ) 4 Songs EP by Alexi Murdoch , 3 ) Five Leaves Left by < PROPMALE > Drake , 4 ) New England Sunrise by < PROPFIRST > Huntsinger . Guaranteed to enhance your Sunday drive on those orange , gold , and red-leafed highways . Enjoy ! 
Geology waits !!! 
starts work in 15 . Watch out mean customers . You're not gettin the best of me ! 
Colorado Springs Fact #12 : Out of the 60 mountain peaks 14,000 ’ and higher in the continental U.S. , Colorado has 50 of them , making Colorado and Colorado Springs one of the most ideal places for hikers and nature lovers alike . 
Hawaii T - 23 days and counting .... 
' s mobile isn't working at the moment . Please use carrier pigeons or smoke signals to communicate with me in place of my phone . Thank you . 
doesn't think he'll make it to work in 7 hours on account of roads being gradient sheets of ice ! Did I mention there was a 60-car pile up 5 < PROPMALE > west of my house !? 
drives at an average of 5mph for 2.7 < PROPMALE > to arrive at work in 40 minutes ... give or take a few minutes . lol Wish me luck , pray , and cross your fingers . 
made it to work ... only after my car crashed on the side of Constitution Blvd and catching a ride with my coworker to Starbucks . lol 
Hawaii in T minus 20 days and counting ... 
thought it wise to not risk the drive down Academy to the Centennial campus for Geology class this morn . Thus , < PROPMALE > remains at home , surrounded by the Winter Wonderland ! 
practices the song Aguas de < PROPMALE > for his next show . Having a couple of problems mixing up my alveolar and uvular trills . 
is about to sit down and enjoy the book of < PROPMALE > . Can't wait to see what He has in store for me ! 
Rhetorical thought : what if the point of life wasn't my happiness ? If so , this would explain the epidemic proportions of people who behave unhappily and those who live because they are . < PROPFIRST > 6:33 . 
says , \Bed Time !!! \ " Peace ! Go to pure rebellion ya'll! " 
has been studying since 4:50 am when Starbucks opened their doors ! I pray to do well on the test ! 
Colorado Springs Fact# 13 : 27% of Coloradoans hold a four year degree , making Colorado one of the top 5 states in the US for educational attainment . 
T minus 5 days till Hawaii ! O yeah !!! 
Good bye Starbucks . It's been a blast . I've never worked with such a great group of peeps . Better believe that I'll be in all the time . 
is pulling an all-nighter for geography ... again ! Jesus , please end school soon !!! 
Colorado Springs Fact #14 : The San < PROPFIRST > Federal Reserve Bank ranked he Coloradan economy the third most diversified economy in the West , making it more “recession-resistant” than the majority of the country . 
is on the last leg of his all-nighter . ETA for my paper : 5am . Then , class . yay ! 
T minus 2 days till Hawaii . Ironically , my hometown is laden with snow . 
Colorado Springs Fact #15 : The American patriotic song “America the Beautiful , ” originally a poem by < PROPFEMALE > Bates titled Pike's Peak , was written in Colorado Springs in 1895 , overlooking Pikes Peak . 
Hawaii !!!!! : get this ! The host family that's putting < PROPFEMALE > and me up gave us : ( drum roll please ) their apartment , the key to their apartment , their second car , the food in their apartment , and all the Smallville seasons paired with a big screen plasma tv !!!! If I invited you and you didn't come , kick yourself in the head now . 
is loving life at the Schoeny's in kauai ! 
studies that he might not fail ... geography !!! For looking so international , I couldn't tell ya the difference between Puerto < PROPMALE > or Costa Rica , which sound essentially the same if you ask me . And yes , I know the Spanish meanings . lol 
studies some more . 
is still studying . 
c everyone in the morning ! 
After a two month hiatus from Facebook , I'm back ! Greetings again , my Facebookian friends ! 
can't wait fo ' church manana , shortly preceded by a \story time\ " with the J-to-the-C and the Marshlett @ the sbux . Good times await ! " 
Is ready to hit the floor running this week with a little bita ' devotional , gym , studies , and correspondance probably at 6am . Any intrepid souls welcome to join on the gym and studies portion ! 
works in an hour !!!! AAAAAHHHHHH ! 
Is having one of the most restful days he's had in months . * sigh * Much needed . :-) 
succumbs to sleep . Goodnight world ! 
Readies himself for another day of retail madness ! Thrusters on full . 
Hello Facebook fam ! 
my brother just graduated college !!!!! Celebrate good times come on ! 
just realized that he's going to have to shave his curly , tousled head in a couple of months in preparation for the Air Force .... AAAAAHHHHHHH ! 
So this is my doppelganger that everyone says i look like . What do ya think everyone ??? lol 
says guten Nacht to you all . 
enjoyed a blessed and delicious meal with the fam just now . Time for dishes . Ugh ! Emeril only shows the glamorous side of gourmet cooking . Unfortunately , reality compels all of us to wash our own dishes . lol 
listens to Ain't no Mountain High Enough and munches on some chips while contemplating God and other deep issues of life . * sigh * I should probably sleep . 
is going to South < PROPFEMALE > in April !!! Just booked my tickets with my best < PROPMALE > mr < PROPMALE > , a.k.a. The Rock ( apparently ) . 
Just booked his ticket Germany !!!!! I'll see meinen Deutschmanne sehr bald !!!! 
had an amazing day off starting on the incline in Manitou with my best friends Mr. < PROPMALE > and Senor < PROPMALE > and ending with good friends < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > at su casa . 
enjoyed a great lunch with the mamacita and my adopted caucasian brother < PROPMALE > . 
needs a flippin vaca ! Praise God in heaven for my upcoming Germany trip ! 
studies with TJ in an effort to pass assembly . lol 
had a blast at Montegue's with the fam , as we sipped tea and ate scones while watching the Colorado snow outside . 
Did the incline , cooked an Italian feast , and currently hangs with the fam . And all by noon . lol I love Colorado ! 
Can't wait for Charleston !!!! Take that < PROPFEMALE > Witzig ! Booyah ! 
T-minus 11 hours til departure to Charleston !!! Watch South < PROPFEMALE > cause this black man's coming home ! 
Is loving life in Charleston with great friends and 80-degree weather ! 
T-minus 7 days till concert ! If you're in the springs or greater < PROPMALE > area , you want to be there . lol 
is loving life in Charleston with good friends and 80 degree , breezy beach weather ! Good times . Pics to be posted shortly . lol 
when you find that you're completely out of toilet paper , word of advice . Kleenex is wiping with a cloud . I speak from experience ... today ! lol 
can't wait for another day of South Carolinan sun ! 
is a bit jet-lagged from the flight from South < PROPFEMALE > . But it was so worth it ! Made great friends and saw gorgeous places . 
studies late and drinks coffee to compensate . lol O the joys . At least TJ's present . 
Needs to unwind . Tea , the Word , and some music ... aaaaa . 
awaits the chest cold to pass cause I gotta sing for my supper on Friday !!! 
is so excited for the duet concert at my house tomorrow night . If you live in the Springs and have nothing to do , stop by ! starts at 7 . 
awaits to festivities to begin ! 
can now rest after an amazing night with my favorite people in the springs , not to the exclusion of those absent mind you . Good night facebook ! 
has a sinus infection and has never felt such pain in my face ever !!!! 
once i informed my family of the infectious nature of sinutitis , they banished me to my room til work tomorrow . :-/ Here I catch up on mail and the rest of \Superman Returns\ " that I started a week ago ... good flick . lol " 
is on the mend from that beautiful sinus infection . Pray to God to never contract it again !!! 
If anyone who reads this prays , some family friends of ours just lost their 16-year-old son . Pray for comfort among sanity . 
enjoyed his last day of retail indefinitely !!! Praise to Jesus Lord God Almighty in heaven !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
T minus 5 days and counting till Berlin !!! 
T minus 4 days till Berlin !!!!! Ich will schon farhren !!! 
love my Seatlesque days . Nothing to do but stay in and read a good book . :-) 
watching Smallville season 3 finale with the fam whilst folding laundry ! Good times . lol 
Berlin tomorrow !!! 
Berlin in 23 hours and counting !!! Now all I have to do is pack .... 
last transmission from the springs for a while . See ya'll soon !!! 
drowns his sorrows in a latte and cinnamon bun since his flight was pushed back till next Tuesday . If you get this and live in the springs , come join me at Powers/Constitution Sbux . I'm the would've-been Euro crying his eyes out in the corner . lol 
could it be that a pure motive to worship could justify sinful means ? rhetorical question if you wondered . lol Query inspired by < PROPFIRST > 2:14 -17 
1 : Crazy . 2 : I'd marry you . 3 . Talkative . 4 : sarcastic . 5 : love-able . 6 : club-head . 7 : moody . 8 : dumb . 9 : spoiled . 10 : mouthy . 11 : random . 12 : hot . 13 : funny . 14 : fit . 15 : amazing . 16 : beautiful . 17 : cute . 18 : flirt . 19 : sexy .... 20 : classy .... hurry and answer the question DANG !!! 
apparently my mom's a closet fan of The Office . Found her trying to change the channel when I walked in from work one day . She even knows all the characters and her favorite is < PROPMALE > though I can't imagine why . lol How weird is that ??? 
listens to \What a Wonderful World\ " whilst vacuuming the house . " 
hopes the hail doesn't annihilate my car whilst watching Das Schloss im Himmel ( Castle in the Sky ) . lol 
loves this Seattle weather ! I think I'll get some coffee . lol 
Dude , I forgot how much hair I was capable of growing on my head ! I think I'll post it as my new profile picy . 
Morgen Berlin ! ( Berlin tomorrow !!! I think that's proper syntax . ) 
began his first morning here in Deutschland , speaking < PROPMALE > with the Stockmanne . They are such a blessing . Also , I think I'm gonna gain a lot of weight because I can't get enough of the bread , cheese , and pastries !!! Hallelujah ! 
went to a < PROPMALE > church an hour ago and understood nothing . :-( 
catches up on email and iChat confabs early in the morning in Berlin . 
I think I suffer from a case of sesquipedalianism ! 
after a long day in the cafe , kicks back with iChat , skype , and facebook ! 
managed to sing Gregorian chants in < PROPMALE > at a traditional free Lutheran cathedral before lunch , lunch at a < PROPMALE > hippy cafe where the suggested donation is a euro for soup , watch the Berliners go about their busy lives at another cafe , and somehow make it back in time to serve at my cafe soup kitchen style for the locals . Phew ! O , I love Berlin ! 
was blessed today to visit the Pattersons in Wansee , south Berlin but couldn't shake the fact that I paid to use a restroom on the way home in the subway ! What's up with that ??? lol 
got lost going to the Burn last night . What was supposed to take 25minutes took me 2 1/2 hours ! * sigh * Anyway , had a beyond blessed time drinking tea , hanging out with Berliners , and worshipping till 2am . Now , I'm home and am ready to go back ! 
found a driver online to take me to my next stop in Germany ! Super excited to drive 5 hours south to Siegen ! I love meeting new people , but my parents are going to be super nervous . lol I'll tell them , \Don't worry . I'm a big boy now . \ " Cue music from the Pampers commercial . " 
had an awesome time at the Burn tonight ! wish they did that in Colorado Springs . Maybe i'll bring it back with me ... yeah .... lol 
got lost again in Berlin looking for an Apple store . lol I'm hopeless but this time I enjoyed walking through another historical district , where I drank some espresso and begged the Verkauferin to show me where an Apple Lade was ! 
another beautiful and classically overcast day in Berlin . Can't wait to see the YWAM team from Kona tonight at the Cafe Mandelzweig and whatever else the day has in store for me ! 
was sooo blessed by the Fire and Incense group tonight ! the music was incredible ! Thank you YWAM ! 
Oh man , I haven't been this tired since a brutal 8 hour open at Starbucks ! Someone shoot me in the face ! * kabam ! * 
slept so long , a full 8 hours ! Now to see how to spend a free day .... Any ideas ? 
anyone doing anything in Berlin today ... anything in English I can understand ? lol 
I have the best host family in the world . :-) * sigh of sheer bliss * 
Is blessed with a new roommate name < PROPFIRST > for the weekend ! 
can't wait for some more cafe-hunting ! Found an awesome one called Espresso Ambulance ; let's see what God has in store today .... \ 
P.S. I'll fill in the blank later tonight . 
So far , I know I'm going to the Garden cafe , but who knows where else ? I'll stop off at Balzac before then . See what's going on with that cafe . 
rolled up his sleeves , put on the shuffle mode , and strolled in the rare sunshine in Berlin today . * sigh * Good times . 
Munich on Friday !!! 
Last night in Berlin . Let's hope for sweet times with Mr. < PROPMALE > and the Seipels in Siegen . 
Would you believe that my roommate hitch-hiked his way from Siegen to Berlin to a stranger's room , mine !? lol Awesome guy . Even more daring ! 
studies his Deutsch with much consternation . :-/ 
so long Berlin . Till next time ! 
Siegen , ( perhaps Munich ) here I come ! 
Munich tomorrow morning ! 
spent the day in Bavaria , picnicing on a beautiful beach with an amazing host family . Came home and had a traditional Bavarian meal with laughs and wein . Can life be anymore blessed ? 
had my last picnic in Bavaria for a while . Can't wait to return and learn how to milk a cow next time . lol It was a blast ! 
Just said goodbye to my week long roommate from Seattle , Mr. < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . I've only known him for 5 days , but we traveled from Berlin to Bavaria and back up to Siegen again in that short time . I'll miss you < PROPMALE > . Thanks for the laughs . :-) 
What to do with my last day in Germany ? Hmmm . Any suggestions ? 
T-13 hours till departure ... bittersweet feelings . :-( Can't wait to see all of you in CO then shortly CA . :-) 
Colorado Springs in 20 hours and counting down . See ya soon my sweet USA ! 
is home at last !!! 
If anyone isn't doing anything in the Springs , call me ! 
super excited to < PROPFEMALE > with some of my favorite people tonight , including but not limited to Mike&Elisa and TJ < PROPMALE > . Anyone jealous ? Good . You should be . :-P 
most beautiful weather I've seen in the Springs since last summer . It's sit-out-on-the-deck weather ! 
Estes Park for the 1st time today ! 
loves extemporaneous wedding receptions ! Congratulations < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
had a blast at the bux , then the Villaruels , and topped it off with pie with the madre ! Btw , welcome home Shree ! So good to see you today . :-) 
another rainy JUNE ! day in colorado springs . lol 
none of us got anywhere by being serious . 
Just remember too much introspection killed the introvert ! :-/ 
Jabberjay 
more rain on this < PROPFEMALE > June day . lol I love it . 
since when did pleasure take priority over principle for my pathetic generation ? 
minority conquered the majority : the Islamic future of Europe . 
My generations confession : ' I have never learned to fight for my freedom . I was only good at enjoying it . ' 
another picture perfect day in the most desirable city in < PROPFEMALE > , Colorado Springs ! 
is so grateful for his amazing friends that make life that much sweeter . 
\there's a lot to be said for a great nation that understands its greatness is not an accident and that therefore it should spread the secrets of its success around . \ " - < PROPFIRST > Steyn " 
if birthrate trends continue as they are , Yemen will surpass Russia in population by the middle of the 21st century . 
In the 2004 election , the Bush-voting states had fertility rates 12 percent higher than Kerry-voting states . Barring a sudden change in electoral fortunes , Democrats are going to be even more depressed after the 2020 reapportionments . 
\A government that's big enough to give you everything you want is big enough to take away everything you have . \ " - < PROPFIRST > Ford " 
hikes < PROPFEMALE > Mountain canyon this morning ! Gonna go all the way to the lake , 6 < PROPMALE > in ... I wonder if < PROPFIRST > knows we're hiking that far .... lol I guess he'll find out . 
dedicates 1 Thessalonians 3:9 -10 to all those around the world of whom I've been blessed to call friends . 
' s stupid dog ate a baby bird , learning how to fly this morning . So depressing but who can blame her ? She's part of the hound family . :-( 
hikes the mountain before the sunrise . :-) 
why does < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > hate me enough to force me to run up a mountain at 6:30 am ????! 
re-connected with the three Farrell sisters last night , in what I can only remotely describe as La < PROPFEMALE > Loca . To put it mildly . lol I thank the Farrells and Johnsons for a great night last night ! 
played the most violent , noteworthy game of Mafia at the Krauses house with such key players as < PROPFIRST > Houtz , < PROPFEMALE > Witzig , TJ < PROPMALE > , and ALL three generations of Krauses ! 
is exploring yet another trail in the beautiful < PROPFEMALE > Canyon this morning ! Fortunately , I'm not running the trail like last time . :-P Take that < PROPFIRST > ! 
is playing at the last Dessert House in a couple of hours . Super excited and super nervous to play ! :-/ lol 
my new saying ( coined it all on my own ): what doesn't kill you ... eventually will . lol JK 
hail and fireworks in the street on the 4th of July . I love Colorado . lol 
going to the gym in a hail storm on the fourth of July ! Whoa ! 
hiking again . I don't believe I enjoy anything else more ... save God , food , friends , family , singing . You get the idea . lol 
go Arizona !!! Fight the Power ! I hope you get to enforce your own immigration policies . 
FWI : If you occupy a spot in my heart adjacent to food or God , you know you're one of my favorites ever ! lol 
temporarily rejected from air force due to mild burn on my forearm . Please pray that I get a new job quickly . Don't think I can hold out financially for very long . lol Thanks :-) 
Well , a lot of people got their wish cause I'm staying in the springs for another few months while I wait for my job to open up AGAIN in the air force . Job 1:21 b . 
Starbucks friends and peeps : if you know of a position opening at your store , please let me know ! I need a job pronto . Thanks . :-) 
thinks about going to the gym or eating junk food instead . Decisions , decisions . lol 
can't wait for his bum friends anymore . I'm going hiking tomorrow !!!! 
2nd interview with Apple today @ 1:30 . Pray ! 
how does one recover from longing for someone who never was and never can be ? 
Just finished a 15 mile , 7 hour hike !!! I can't feel my legs . Kudos to < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > and TJ < PROPMALE > for accompanying me on my intrepid hike ! 
hottest day of 2010 in the Springs . Ugh ! lol 
off to the gym . :-) What else does an unemployed bum do ??? lol 
back from the gym ... what was I thinking ? I think this unemployed bum is going to eat some cookies now . lol 
due to the air force's brilliant expulsion , I enrolled in school again . * sigh * Might as well try to accomplish something whilst I'm told by the military that I'm not good enough . lol 
hard to believe its summer when its flippin 55 degrees and I'm wearing a hoody ! O well , at least I'm not sweating to death like the peeps down south . lol 
Despicable Me with the Marshlett and Martinez tonight . Can't wait ! 
Man , this isn't a sprinkle . This is torrential rain by definition ! I hope I can get to the movies without crashing due to the brilliant Coloradan drivers . :-/ 
camping tonight ! I hope I kill a baby gazelle for dinner ! 
had a blast camping near Divide last night ... in the rain ... with the guys . lol Ooo memories , sometimes you can't forget ' em . No matter how hard you try . lol JK Had a blast . 
you're waiting for a train ... and you don't know where it goes ... but you don't care ... cause wherever it leads .... 
brushes up on his precal . * sigh * Bring on the AFOQT ! 
thanks to my brilliant former associate , Mrs. < PROPFEMALE > Johnson-Farrel , I am now employed at Barnes and < PROPMALE > Starbucks next to the Citadel . Mahalo to all of you who assisted me in applying elsewhere , but this is a great fit for this season . :-) 
every time I come home from the gym , tired and beat , I think to myself , \Why did I do that ? \"" 
Fact : The U.S. Federal Reserve is an independent agency , not ran by the federal government , that has actually dictated U.S. economic policy for years since its inception in 1913 . 
Who is the Bilderberg Group and why do they flipping run everything ??? 
Beginning January 1st , 2011 , 14 new federal taxes will implemented that will change our economy for years to come . Pass it on . 
another cool , rainy August day in the Springs . * sigh * So grateful to live in God's new Promised Land . lol 
great shift at Hancock/Academy Sbux . Thanks for the laughs you guys . Hope I didn't screw up your store too bad . lol Be borrowed sucks sometimes but not this time . lol 
Does anyone , who lives in the Springs , have A History of World Societies Volume I ( 8th edition ) by McKay ? I'm in need of it for my history class and would not like to pay out the nose for it . lol 
great day off thus far ! 
was super bummed that my car wouldn't start tonight on my way to Jives Cafe . Then a Krause by the name of < PROPFIRST > stopped by and started ' er right up . Fate ? Providence or just plain mechanics ? Who knows . lol 
now super-duper bummed that I need a new car battery . Ugh ! lol When life knocks you down , go for its shins . :-P 
had a great time in class with Mrs. Alderman , instilling her genius and talent . My class mates are amazing too . Woot woot to my jazzy peeps ! 
is blessed with his family . Holla to < PROPFIRST > , Mom , Dad ... wherever you are on this trip , Christian , < PROPFEMALE > , Cousin < PROPMALE > , Cousin < PROPFEMALE > , and Uncle < PROPFIRST > . 
has anyone else read 1984 cause it's flippin amazing !!! 
finds Sia's new album to be one of my favorite albums of the year ! It doesn't hurt that members from Zero7 and the Strokes collaborated for this amazing album . It's a goody . :-) 
Off to the bucks . Wish me luck . ;-) 
2 hours ago , a jovial , old woman in wheel chair bestowed upon me a precious caveat : if we decide to enjoy every moment in this life , we often will . Eloquent ? Perhaps not but o so true nonetheless . :-) 
I love my sbux crew ! Holla to my barista peeps and < PROPFIRST > me on the back cause I sold three packs of VIA . Whoa ! I know . It's actually quite < PROPFIRST > hetic . lol 
got my master class mixed up . Thank God I didn't drive all the way downtown to find no class . lol 
Love , be it unrequited , unsolicited , or emblazoned , is never wasted ... yeah . :-) 
Why the crap didn't anyone warn me about the devastating ending that 1984 has ???!!! 
Pitiful , impish , and even contemptible , we are rotting corpses , searching for what we sense is the life for which we were created . 
works on his research paper . Ugh ! Why does the research stage of a paper always directly result in mind-numbing headaches ???!!! 
is grateful for the canopy of burgundies , yellows , and oranges that cover me as I go to class downtown . :-) 
can't wait for some roller derby action ! Watch out or I might make you faceplant !!!! 
so pretty much my night yesterday looked like a scene from Xanadu . lol We even sang . \Just gonna stand there and watch me burn ... \ " That one's for you < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > Farrel ! ;-) " 
whether conservative , liberal , or nonpartisan majority in any branch , economic recovery will come at a cost that Americans simply aren't willing to pay . 
Just saw How to Train a Dragon , and I loved it !!! You should all see it . ;-) 
I was trying to mad dog in my new profile pic . I think that I just come off as a constipated creeper though . lol 
Best albums to listen to whilst driving down a autumn road : 1 ) Five Leaves Left by < PROPMALE > Drake , 2 ) Fleet Foxes self titled , 3 ) Other Lives self titled , 4 ) If You Could Read My Mind by < PROPMALE > Lightfoot . If ya got ' em , enjoy . ;-) 
I guess it wasn't enough to nearly double the national debt . Now , Obama going to begin inflating and cheapening the dollar by printing $600 billion . Here's to what prosperity we used to know . 
wants to spread < PROPMALE > Groban's buttery voice over the toast of his life !!!! Get the new Illuminations cd . You can thank me later . ;-) 
had a blessed celebration of my mother's __ birthday . birthday number to remain unannounced . lol ;-) Love you mom . You still look beautiful . 
got into CC . To be or not to be ... that is the question . lol 
Had a blast with the Figueroas and Krauses last night . Don't think I've laughed so much since I saw that skateboarder eat it in the park . lol 
loves Christmas time !!! 
just listened to Mr. < PROPMALE > Wickham's first cd again after a 5 year break . I forgot how great it was ! ^^ 
is wearing flannel and embracing his Coloradan < PROPFEMALE > ! 
one phrase to describe Starbucks Co . today : epic fail ! Word to all my fellow baristas who died while trying to ring line-to-the-door customers on \symphony . \"" 
I hope everyone knows who this cartoon character is . I'm told that I resemble him . lol 
had a great rehearsal but I think I threw my back out . lol I don't remember breathing causing my upper back so much pain ? lol 
The single most unpopular doctrine on earth : my happiness was never God's number one priority . 
sometimes life calls for some fast food comfort , and that's where Burger < PROPMALE > came into play last night @ midnight . * sigh of relief * 
It's always mystified me how certain people can be offended by a person they don't believe exists . If I wish you a < PROPFEMALE > Christmas , then I wish you all the goodwill for you that Christ embodied . If Jesus exists really isn't the point of the greeting . Why get your panties in a bundle then ? lol 
Time for rehearsal . I hope I don't forget my lyrics again . * biting nails off from sheer anxiety * 
\So what can I say ? What can I do but offer this heart of God completely to You . \"" 
T.J. < PROPMALE > just made my laugh , and I quote : \I like her eyeballs . \ " lol " 
\It only gets cornier from here . \ " - < PROPMALE > from the great American epic CJDC and the Jazzy Peeps " 
sometimes a good dance party is in order . 
to what shall I liken working at Starbucks during the holidays ? I shall liken it unto being dragged by a semi for a good mile or better still being stretched to near death by the Spanish Inquisition's \rack . \ " ... yeah . :-) " 
reads < PROPFIRST > 15 by the fire on this snowy morn . Can't imagine anything better . :-) 
is craving Chipotle like a 7-month pregnant woman ! :-/ 
off to mi hermano's Christmas party . Fun times await ! 
thanks < PROPFIRST > for the laughs and good memories . Best 1st annual Christmas party @ your flat to date ! lol 
had a blast at my first ever Christmas tree decorating party @ Ms. < PROPFEMALE > Howington's flat . Just one note : mind the needle when threading popcorn ; it's terribly easy to impale one's finger . :-/ lol Watch my finger for bandaids in the coming days . ;-) 
can't find a single cotton-pickin ' guitar pick in my whole house ! Ugh . 
Shift number 1 down . Bring on shift 2 . Bring it !!!! 
being sick kicked my butt ! 
is going to dance tonight in class likes its 1963 !!! 
let orientation begin ! 
off to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > . Wish me luck and \say a little prayer for me ! \"" 
first day at CC tomorrow !!! Too excited to sleep , and thus , I eat ! ;-) 
loved his first day of intense Latin !!! 
An all-nighter+a starbucks open+3 hours of Latin = Excedrin ! lol 
If I had a quarter for every person who confidently told me how much older and wiser they were than me , then I could afford to hire a philosopher to make sense of their contradicting advice . 
thinks Latino thoughts in his Latino mind .... 
I've officially inducted long johns into my everyday wardrobe ... at least till the temperature rises above 0 degrees . lol 
holy moly . I almost forgot . I open tomorrow . :-/ lol If you need a coffee and feel like seeing me , you know where to find me in the early morn . 
will miss my CJDC peeps more than they know . :-( 
Life can be stressful . Eat accordingly . :-) 
Just found my wallet ! Phew . Now to celebrate by getting some starbucks ! ;-) 
I've found the best way to deal with illness is to drug yourself and wait for your body to catch up ... but that's just me . :-) 
I never thought I'd break a sweat in 65 degree weather ! It's like a flippin heatwave following the freeze . 
I love all-nighters . :-) 
Colorado Springs Fact #16 : Forbes magazine ranked Colorado Springs #6 \Most Wired City\ " in the U.S. in 2010 . Pretty much true . :-) " 
Thanks to Mr. < PROPMALE > , my laptop is now up and running after a month-long convalescence , collecting dust on my desk . :-) 
hiking in < PROPFEMALE > Canyon . < PROPFEMALE > la Spring Break !!! 
My new favorite phrase : That's dumb sauce on a stupid taco . 
Colorado Springs Fact #17 : As of March 2011 , Colorado Springs had the 3rd lowest gas price of all the cities in < PROPFEMALE > , maintaining at an average $3.304 per gallon . 
Colorado Springs Fact #18 . In 2009 , Women’s Health magazine ranked Colorado Springs #10 “Best Place to Be a Woman . ” Females rejoice ! 
24 minutes and counting till I cut a rug with Kinect at the Johnsons . Whoa ! 
Colorado Springs Fact #19 - During Colorado Spring’s hottest month of the year , July sees an average high of only 84 degrees Fahrenheit with little to no humidity . Tired of the heat ? Move to the Springs ! 
Teeny bops and their \scenes . \ " * sigh * " 
Off to see Sucker Punch with the papacito and hermano . I'll let you know how it is . 
So tired ! 
Does anyone else feel like fast food right now ? Or is it just me ??? 
Great time trail running with my boys . Holla to Frawley and CJ . Word up . lol 
