slowly going into a hibernation from large quantities of barbecue , and cake ... and a hammock :) 

surfing the internet acting like a nerd . 
just got back from the grape stomp .. didn't stomp grapes but had a good time :) 
is excited about camping Tuesday :) it's going to be nice to have a couple days off in a row to savor the first day off , haha 
FACEBOOK EXPERIMENT If you are reading this , & even if we don't speak often , post a comment of a memory of you & me . When you've finished post this on you're own status : you'll be surprised what people remember about you .... 
DO NOT accept a friend request from < PROPFIRST > Butterfield . He is a Hacker . Tell everyone on your list because if 1 of your friends adds him as a friend he will be able to get your computer's id and address . So let everyone know- copy & paste to your post 
Updating my Ipod Nano so I have something new to listen to . Any suggestions ? Let me know , I prefer alternative rock or forgotten 90's music . I'm always up for something new if it sounds good though . 
Yeah ! The Goonies are on . That was my favorite show when I was younger . haha Kind of disappointing how unbelievably fake everything looks compared to how cool it used to look forever ago ! 
I have today and Saturday off ! What a wonderful feeling . I'm going to make the best of it . I started by eating brownies for breakfast ! :) 
o restore Facebook to the old look .. Look to the top left menu and click on MORE ( in blue ) . Then drag STATUS UPDATES to the top . After dragging to the top , click on it . That becomes your default and it will become like before . Pass it on ! 
enjoying some Halloween < PROPFEMALE > . :) 
mentally shaking off the stress from work with one flair at a time . haha 
FYI . HACKER WARNING ! There is a new way to hack your Facebook . A Notification will be sent to you that one of your friends has commented on your status , it will open a new < PROPFEMALE > and tell you to re-enter your Facebook user name and password . The < PROPFEMALE > looks just like the FB login < PROPFEMALE > so be on the look out !! plz repost this to your status to let your facebook family know . 
Rainy days aren't the best , but they are a great reason to be lazy and it bad food . :) Well for me anyway ... 
My BFF is having her baby !! 
... damn the Humane Society Commercial gets me everytime .. especially when they add the caption \Why did they hurt me ? \ " with a one eyed cat ... very sad . " 
Just had like 5 pieces of french toast ...... I need to learn the stopping point before I start to feel like I'm sick . And I have a lot to learn ........... ugh . 
yeah ... off to work at 5am Sunday ... erg ... not feeling so great either , I just have to focus on the fact that going in early means leaving early and then I can get more of my stuff done . 
Hope everyone has a very < PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! :) 
Everyone have a safe and happy New Year and if you make any resolutions , Goodluck ! Can't believe it's already gonna be 2010 .. wow it's flown by ! 
Two stories of New Years < PROPFEMALE > Party ! Yay ! :) 
Happy NEW YEAR !!!! 
I have a headache .... :( 
Yeah it's snowing !!! * fingers crossed * Please snow a lot , Please snow a lot ! 
White :) 
Sick of being cold ....... :( 
Okay it's back to the same old songs again on my iPod ... does anyone have any suggestions of good songs to download ? My music genre preference is alternative rock but a little pop mixed in is good to . I am really bored of all my music right now . Thanks in advance to whoever can help me . :) 
Ran on the treadmill and it about killed me , but now I feel like I have more energy ( finally ) , < PROPFIRST > is a very good motivator , Thanks < PROPFIRST > ? :) 
Went bowling , gotta tattoo ... jk a fake tattoo ;) haha and yes I suck at bowling . 
My dog Whitey died today ... he was going on 17 years and I've had him since I was 8 years old ... he was my < PROPMALE > and I'm going to miss him a lot . 
Trying to use some of my spare time to organize things ... we'll see , I'm sure something will distract me on tv and I'll zone out and not get it done .. haha 
I love my mom ! For all of you that aren't too proud to say thank you to your moms for helping you be the great person you are today ... please copy and paste to your profile ! I expect to see this many times on my < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Haven't woke up this early in awhile ... ugghhh ... redbull ?... no redbull ?... hmm ... coffee ... and off to work soon . :) haha 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Browne GossMy wish for 2010 is that people will understand that children with disabilities do not have a disease ; children with disabilities are not looking for a cure but ACCEPTANCE ........ 93% of people won't copy and paste this , WILL YOU be one of the 7% that does ............... and make this your status for at least an hour ?. 
This time of year sucks ... I don't even look forward to weekends anymore .. hopefully the dreary winter mood changes in a couple of weeks . 
Searching for new highlight ideas for my hair and maybe some new shape to . Either way it's time for a change ... I mostly wear my hair down so I at least better change it up every couple of months . :) 
With the weathermen taking back all of their predictions of a large snow , I've came to the conclusion that I want it to be summer .... because I'm sick of this cold crap with nothing pretty to look at ! 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this post as your status , then copy and paste the FIRST entry under your name as the first comment 
I have this cough that won't go away !! I coughed all last night and I've got so much work to do today .... it feels like someone punched me in my upper stomach and chest ... UGH .... 
I'm so stuffed ... had a little bit of a fish fry with of course some fish ( mostly crappie , and bluegill and bass ) with onion rings , fries , and mexican rice .. yummy , but I'm so full . 
Ugh , I've had a sore throat for the past couple of weeks with that spectacular cough , but now I'm getting to the point where I'm about to lose my voice ... and I'm sure there has to be a couple people with their fingers crossed , haha . 
Hmmm ... what's on my mind ... unnecessary stress , hypocrites , and only the best of life's made up problems in the corporate world .... legally I'm probably not allowed to say anymore than that ... my short temper may get me in trouble ... again :D 
? ? ? It's < PROPFIRST>'s Week on Facebook . Change your profile picture to a picture of you with your significant other . ? ? ? < PROPFIRST > and I have been dating for 8 years and 5 months , since I was around 15 in highschool ... jeeze and I'm 24 ? Yeah we need to get married SOON .. haha :) ? ? ? 
I wish the snow would melt , it's pretty but I'm ready for Spring , preferably late Spring 
Enjoying my day off , getting some work done at the same time , then afterward more Doodle Jump . Then when J ? el gets off work some more relaxation and video games . I'll wait till Thursday to get some serious work done . :) 
Preparing for some upcoming screen print jobs , printing some pants , and organizing to make things a little easier for the next time ( about time ! Ha ! ) It's funny how I like to be busy , but I complain about it , but when I've got down time I go crazy .. the grass is always greener right ? I'm just a picky complainer :) 
One of my most unproductive days ever .. I ate soup , ate pineapple upside down cake , drank a v8 , slept , ate lasagna tv dinner , slept , upside down cake , & facebook .. all while the same clips of the upcoming tsunami has played OVER AND OVER again on CNN , I'm gonna go out on a limb and say I should have moved my lazy butt from the couch and used my time to the list of things I needed to get done , I'm such a bum .. * sigh * 
In a rush to get out of work I ran over my achilles ankle from pulling my cart behind me ... OUCH .. thought it was just a temporary ouchy well it's kind of bothering me through my television viewing time . On the bright side I was only ten minutes past my scheduled time , YES NEW RECORD ! 
Ugh .... going to bed to wake up 5 hours from now to go to work ... 
Busy , Busy , Busy ......... sometimes I have so much on my list I get confused on where to start ! Then I wind up on facebook ...... lol ... well go to bed and start another day ! 
watch your THOUGHTS they become your WORDS - watch your WORDS they become your ACTIONS - watch your ACTIONS for they become your CHARACTER ... 
Off to my other work ... * sigh * 
I've been so busy , I've been replacing sleep with redbull and then with all the redbull I can't sleep ! Not a healthy habit , and then when I get to doing something my mind still lags back . So I'm having a no caffeine weekend and catching up on sleep , but I think it will pay off in the long run and I'll get stuff done quicker . 
is going to swing a baseball bat around at work tomorrow and if any customers get in my way , it's their own fault !!! - that was status shuffle but I literally laughed to myself for like ten minutes so I had to post it that will actually help me out when I run into the next butthead there ... hahahaha lol 
How many of you really know all of the people on your friend list ? I mean personally know ? Here's a task for you . I want all of the people on my list to post how they met me , you know , our very first encounter . After you have completed this , repost this in your status box . You will be amazed , at how interesting this can really be ... 
I'd rather slide down a slide of razor blades into a pool of lemon juice than go to work today ..... 
I'm happy in my life & everything & all the loved one's in it are irreplaceable , however it's absolutely IMPOSSIBLE to make them happy at once , I'd like to know when I was deemed the person to take care of all the petty little problems , don't get me wrong I ask alot from them , but I'd love a moment to myself .. & w/o my phone ringing , just 5 minutes & then let the conversations , debates , & negotiations commence again ! 
Watching one of my favorite movies , Dazed and Confused . What a fun and funny movie . :) 
Please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone , or have been affected by someone , who needs a smack upside the head . People who need a smack upside the head affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for someone who deserves a smack upside the head , except a smack upside the head , but we can ......... raise awareness . Many won't copy and paste this .... 
Weekends need to start being a little more fun , I really do appreciate them , I just don't have the time to appreciate them to their fullest extent . I need to literally start planning my fun again so then since it's on my list , I have to do it . Jeeze , why do I always sound like a crazy person ? I'm not totally sure if I want answers on that last sentence though ... 
I love breakfast for dinner . Fried eggs , bacon , sausage , toast and grape jam .... and two huge glasses of milk . Super , super awesome . 
To anyone that's tried to add a second profile of me , I'm not ignoring you I just had an accidently meshing of another profile and our Firefly Creative profile that I can't get rid of . Oopsies . 
No matter what I'm doing , I'm always running , mostly work but even when I am about to have fun I'm still running to get there . There's just not enough hours in the day , and not enough days in the week ... oh well it could be far worse than this so I better smile ! :) 
Happy Mother's Day to all the Mommies , especially mine ! I told her I would be a starving , unorganized mess without her and it's very much true . I'm on time everywhere I go because she helps me with EVERYTHING ... I don't know what I'd do without her . Love You Mom ! 
Getting caught up on all my stuff . Feels nice to cross stuff off the list . I feel like sometimes when there's so much stuff to do that I can't even speak correctly ! haha So maybe I'll sound like a genius now ... :) 
TRUE FRIENDS can go long periods of time\ 
without speaking and never question their friendship , pick up like they\ 
just spoke yesterday , regardless of how long it has been ..... Post this\ 
if you are lucky enough to have at least one .... 
I'm sleepy ... and kind of hungry for nachos and cheese .. but with con quesa dip not just cheese and a rootbeer float . MmmmMmmm ... but I don't have that :( I guess at this time of night I don't need it either ... 
Busy , Busy week ahead ... Got to get stuff done so I can relax this weekend ! Now if I could only change the weather for Friday ... keep the 80 * weather and remove the rain ! Camping here I hopefully come ! :) 
Just want to let everyone know my firefly.creations@hotmail.com was hacked accept or open nothing from that address . Only accept emails from firefly-creative.com emails please ! 
Productive day , pretty happy about it . Got a lot of stuff done , been trying to eat healthier .. a little anyway . Anyhow I feel energetic and accomplished ! I also feel rested after the relaxing , fun weekend < PROPFIRST > and I had with Autumn and < PROPMALE > . It really does pay to take time off ! I'm recooperated ! 
Working ... enough said . Nice day though . 
Storminess ... makes the day more exciting ! Well , as long as it's not dangerous to anyone . 
PLEASE REPOST !!!!!!!! Help us find our sister , daughter , wife , Mother and friend to many .... If you know anything about < PROPFEMALE>'s whereabouts , you are asked to contact the Woodstock Police Department at 815-338-2131 Please Repost and have you friends repost ! Thank you 
My Dad is my Hero and just the Best Father ever ! Whether you are blessed to have your Dad still with you , or if he is an Angel in Heaven , copy and paste this into your status and let everyone know you are Proud of your Dad and Love Him Dearly !!!! I love you dad , your the BEST a girl could ask for !!! 
Watched \The Crazies\ " and \ " Hot Tub Time Machine\ " with < PROPFIRST > lastnight ... \ " The Crazies\ " was way better than I thought it would be and \ " Hot Tub ... \ " was hilarious ! " 
Getting some of my stuff together to slowly pack for vacation ... EXACTLY ONE WEEK ! So excited < PROPFIRST > and I need this .. Both of us have been full speed ahead for awhile especially him this past week . Can't wait ! :D 
Yay ! According to CNN BP has stopped the oil leak ..... finally . Now for the thousands upon thousands of gallons in the ocean ... 
On our way to Gatlinburg Tennessee ! Yay ! :) 
Had an awesome day yesterday ! We were at the top of one of the mountains and had an awesome view . The small trek up there in such a high elevation almost killed me tho . And just got done eating biscuits n ' gravy thanks to < PROPFIRST > and off to the Aquarium and Wine and Cheese social later ! :) Maybe going to Forbidden Caverns later this week ... fingers crossed ! 
Totally just seen a bear when we went to Cades Cove , awesome and all , thought I recorded some awesome video to ... well I must have left the camcorder on , pressed pause for the bear and the recorded 2 < PROPFEMALE > of my stomach while talking about how awesome it was to get it all on camera ... sorry < PROPFIRST > ... 
has just enjoyed some of the local wine and then maybe some of chocolate chip cookies made by < PROPFIRST > ... I'm wondering if I should attack the Snow Crab from my earlier meal or not .... I my throw up with that mix so I'm trying to use my good judgement skills . :) Off to Forbidden Caverns tomorrow morning ! Possibly with a headache ... :P 
Just had tacos with < PROPFIRST > and did a wee bit of shopping , I kinda feel like a girl again ! Yay ! 
Wow ! Got back from Tennessee a little earlier and only halfway done with unpacking ... had a great time , lots of pics and memories * aww :) * however a little list has accumulated since my departure and now I've got to get back with it ! Full Nights Sleep + Redbull = Productivity ! 
Just busted my butt in the water at the boat ramp ! uncomfortable , but funny ... I sound squishy now ... 
is very tired .... and full from my nachos and salsa ... and my mixture of it afterwards when I ran low of each . I'm sure there has to be another step before it taste like the Cueso (?) dip , because it didn't taste like what I had hoped it would taste like ..... now onto some twix bars and maybe some cool whip .. I practice such healthy eating habits . 
You should make amends with you , If only for better health . But if you really want to live , Why not try , and Make yourself ? - Incubus , Make Yourself 
Seven days without laughter makes one weak . ~ Mort < PROPMALE > 
HOT as Heck already !! Ugh ... 
Found a lot of really old pics from forever ago .... seems like a whole world ago ! If I have time I'm going to scan them in and post them ..... highschool classmates beware .... lol . No worries nothing too bad though . 
..... can't get this design to look right ..... I think I may rip out my hair . There's just no way to fit everything into it without it looking ... well basically just really bad .. 
is worried about my cat , < PROPFEMALE > , she won't drink water now since her digestive troubles . I work all day tomorrow but I can't get her to the vet till Friday afternoon anyway . She's acting dizzy now to , so I'm starting to get really worried . I'm hoping the kaopectate helps her .. I'm trying to play with her with ice cubes and running water so maybe she'll drink .. but nothing :( 
I would love to call in ... but I'm not sick and I wouldn't do that , however I would still like to .. * blah * 
learned that smiling suppresses the gag reflex ... and some people wonder why I smile so much around them ... 
* sneeze , sneeze ... sneeze , SNEEZE , sneeze ... * ughhhhhhh I'm about to utility stable my nose shut ... if not that at least my foot so something else has the focus of my brain .. :( 
I wish the vet would figure out what's wrong with < PROPFEMALE > , I'm out of money and I can't take the pooping ! Nothing like waking up at 4:30 in the morning to a howling , screaming cat covered in poo before I go to work .. Disgusting yet I know she can't help it .. so she's in the pet taxi probably wondering why she deserves to be in there , but if she's left unmonitored she will poop everywhere .. Yahoo answers , useless to :( 
Wish I had a redbull ... I drank coffee instead but it's not the same . Saving money sucks :p 
Attention Sears Associates : Jeans with a red , white , and/or blue shirt is an option for those working on labor day ( per < PROPFEMALE > ) 
Ok , around 3:04 I was on Broadway on my way home from work about to pass the turnoff for N I-64 .... I'm almost positive I seen a light pole tip over and fall straight down on or by the interstate . All the cars on Broadway slowed down I guess to look to see what happened like me and I didn't see any traffic pass through under the bridge < PROPFEMALE > .... 
I'm so sick of smelling goof off !!!! My lungs hurt , my voice is hoarse and I'm lacking more braincells on a daily basis ! That can't be healthy to use so often ... And I didn't use it today near as much as Autumn did , Autumn I hope you made it home safely and watch out for falling light poles ! Lol 
BROTHER'S WEEK ... If you have a brother who has made you laugh ... Stuck up for you .. Drove you crazy .. Hugged you .. Watched you succeed .. Saw you fall .. Picked you back up .. Cheered you on .. Made you strong .. Can't do without .. Copy and paste this to your status . I ? my brother ! By the way Happy Early Birthday to my Brother < PROPFIRST > ( This Saturday the 11th ) 
I don't give a crap about being politically correct . If it comes into my head , chances are its coming out of my mouth too .. 
Going to El Hannora Concert with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > , go see them at Tavern on Tenth at 8 ! 
Had a great nigght ! Much Needed ! Seen some old friends < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > ( he's kinda new though ) and < PROPFEMALE > ! Jeeze Woman it's about time I ran into you ! Seen my beautiful Goddaughter Harlow ! :D Watched El Hannora play an awesome show at Tavern on Tenth . Had Sesame chicken at < PROPFIRST>'s which was fantabulous and acted like a complete idiot dancing ( closest word to my lame motions ) to a remix of the Beegees ! Lol ! 
Road four wheelers with < PROPFIRST > and Dad and did a little fishing . It was fun , I'm normally not an open vehicle kind of person because I'm a big chicken , but it was fun . Thank you < PROPFIRST > for letting us borrow yours , if I were my brother I wouldn't let me borrow it . Everything mechanical I touch breaks down to where it's unfixable , I just have that kind of effect on things .. but that's also why I didn't drive .. 
I have had one of those days to where each project I start is so productive , but then * BLAM * something stops me dead in my tracks ... then I find away around the obstacle ... * BLAM * .... yeah , about half of my projects were finished , the other half are going to half to wait until my brain's electrical makeup is firing right again ... I wonder if < PROPFEMALE > is paying me back for my big , loud mouth sometimes ... :p 
Sooo tired , the passed couple days are catching up to me .... I have a feeling after work , that I may just collapse . Until then I'm going to have to tough it out ... 
The new Hawaii Five-O wasn't too bad , I think I like it . 
??? Being in love isn't easy , it's full of heartbreak and happiness , joy and loss . When you decide to remain together after everything and still find happiness in each other , you've found true love . Happy 9 Year \Dating\ " Anniversary < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > ! I love you ! ??? " 
is temporarily re-energized from a nap . Today was craziness ... Autumn , I apologize for any childish behavior that may have ensued during my mental breakdown attempting to reset sockets ... it was quite exhausting . You and I both know that if you don't act out your frustrations through ignorant spurts of jokes a person could lose their mind ! haha Goodluck tomorrow ! 
I suck so horribly bad a Modern Warfare 2 ... < PROPFIRST > and I were laughing my whole play through . < PROPFIRST > : \To Your Right ! \ " Me : \ " AHH ! \ " then I would try and melee but get meleed by them ... Then I would hide for a long time \ " camping\ " but as soon as I would become unhidden someone would shoot me ... " 
thinks for some things there are no words , only shoulders to < PROPFEMALE > on , hands to hold , and hugs for comfort . 
is very sick ... body aches and chest pain make me forget all about the runny nose and sinus headache .... 
I've watched 30 seconds of \Raising Hope\ " and I already like it . " 
Well Hello motivation ..... hope you'll be staying awhile longer than normal lately .. I've got catching up to do ! 
It's super cold out ... and super early .... for anything , most especially work . At least I get to work with Miss Autumn Pittman today ! Yay ! :) See Ya Soon < PROPMALE > ! MAG-MA ! lol 
Too many problems and no productivity put me in a bad mood ... I dare another one to arise ! I will evil eye it into nonexistance ! >:/ 
is super duper excited to eat the < PROPFIRST > Adams steampot at < PROPFIRST>'s Crab Shack with < PROPFIRST > l ! Hope it doesn't take long , I'm hungry ! :) 
Fishing with < PROPFIRST > and Dad and we are looking at a muskrat . I thought it was a mini beaver but it has a rat tail and swims ! Weird ... too bad my phone takes crappie pictures .. :( 
I hate today and I don't want to be here ... why does this day suck so bad . I may need counseling at this point because I'm about to flip out on the amount of stupidity I've dealt with so far ! Not that I'm a genius .. ugh nevermind someone just kidnap me ! * wink * Autumn haha 
Owwwwy ... I wake up at 5:30 in the morning when I don't need to in writhing pain because my whole bottom left jaw is swollen at my gums and teeth . So hell has already transitioned itself for my Tuesday as well .. Whoever has the voodoo doll can stop now ! 
! @#$%^&* ! Right when I think my toothache and gum pain may completely go away ( and at maybe a 2-3 on pain measurement ) I brush my teeth and bump into that spot causing a wave of blood and some sort of nerve to wake up !!! Now it's more of a 6-8 on pain measurement !!! ..... UGH !! 
Fake (+) (+) Perfect ( o)(o ) Perky (*)(*) Cold (^) (^) and even Grandma's\\ . / \\./ Big ( o )( o ) or small (.) (.) Save them all ! Repost for Breast Cancer Awareness !! 
ugh ... it's still dark outside .. 
I really wish it would storm .. no wind damage or chaos though , just thunder and lightening ... 
is mentally preparing myself for working the next couple of days and dealing with a packed schedule , so I can enjoy a nice birthday weekend with < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > . :) For now .. it's work and maintaining the mindset that as long as you work hard you will eventually earn what you deserve ... not looking forward to being proven wrong though ... 
brrrrrr .. it's cold this morning ! It's fuzzy sock weather ! 
Thanks everyone for the Birthday wishes ! :) Happy Halloween ! 
thinks it was a beautiful day today ! < PROPFIRST > and I got a lot of stuff done today to . It was one of those days that I just appreciate everything and everyone around me , however , I wish I could say I think that way more often . It's easy to just fly through each day , blinded by everyday occurrences and things to do and taking things for granite . ? 
I think I'm gonna be sick ... today's work day needs to e over , NOW ! 
just ate dinner at Grandma's . Happy I got to , I never seem to have a day off when she cooks anymore . Now it's time to help Mom with readjusting the house for Thanksgiving ! I may try to cook something this year ... I'll just have to practice first ! I was NOT gifted with the talent of cooking unfortunately . 
The last 2-3 days have been very productive for me with my house and work duties . I hope tomorrow carries on in the same way at my other work .. as long as I don't run into anyone rude or stupid I believe that could very well be possible ! ... as long as I just smile and nod ... haha 
I'm appalled that Bristol and < PROPFIRST > made it before < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > ..... Bristol has improved and all but < PROPFEMALE > did such an awesome job lastnight ! There was no comparison ... I would almost not watch the remainder of this season because of that ... < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > are still my favorites though , hope they win ! :) ( Dancing with the Stars ) 
I am not in the mood for being awake right now .... let alone work again . What a fun weekend .... NOT !! Can't wait for NEXT weekend ...... NOT !........ haha , I blame my \highschoolish\ " wording to lack of sleep with a touch of eyeball headache ... " 
Don't underestimate the healing powers of humor . It relieves stress and negative feelings , and is proven to be beneficial to our mental health therefore effecting our physical health . So laugh about something , don't take things so seriously , and forget what anyone else thinks about it ! It's a necessity and without it life is only black and white .. 
FML :( 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone ! Other than great family , friends and fiancee ' , I am thankful for surviving work tonight ! I walked out the doors with only a headache and sensitive teeth from grinding them all night in pure anger .. but I'm okay and I'm still employed . Also Happy 1st Birthday to my Goddaughter Harlow < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > ! She a turkey day baby :) 
First Snow of the Year ! Probably not gonna stick , but pretty . Drive safe everyone ! 
Let's see if today may have a speck of possibility that my shift will feel like an actual productive work shift instead a 9 hour sneak preview of hell and I'm the special guest ... * fingers crossed * 
\The most wasted of all days is one without laughter . \ " - E.E. Cummings " 
Super ! I go to bed with a slight scratchy throat and I wake up sick .. :( I think this is a prime example of how quickly stress can weaken your ammune system . At least it's not fully kicked in , maybe I can survive work first . 
you know I try and eat something reasonable around 6-ish to stifle my appetite until the next morning but I still wind up hungry around 10:00 - 10:30 ... I've gotten rid of one bad habit ( cigs ) and full evolved this eating passed 7:00 one ... I'm utterly starving , I may make a cheeseburger ... or fish sticks , whatever is available . Super healthy , right ? lol 
putting up the Christmas tree , cooking with Mom and hanging lights with Dad have made me forget I'm under the weather , oh and I can't forget < PROPFIRST>'s funny ( don't get near me your sick ) text messages . :) This week is turning out far better than last week , sick or not ! ( Thank goodness ) 
.. funny how fake the work world is .. back-stabbing should be listed as a skill .. that's the only extent of talent I see .. does wonders for my motivation ! 
??? Looking forward to dedicating a night to lots of food , little wine , maybe some Black Opps , and < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and I ( and our puppies ) staying in out of the cold ! Oh and who can forget the fuzzy slippers ! Now if I could talk him into painting my toenails ..... :) haha ??? 
work :P 
my Mom makes the BEST homemade hot chocolate ? 
... hmm ... cancelled work ( due to road conditions) ? I didn't know that existed ! That's like a fairytale where people you work for care about your safety as if your weren't indisposable ! :P 
having an awesome evening shopping and eating at Red Lobster with < PROPFIRST > :) 
It's when you slow things down that you can get a grasp on everything and everyone in your life you appreciate and care about . I may not have every little thing that I want , but I definitely have everything I need ! I think living honestly , working hard , and shutting my opinionated mouth for a bit pays off ! :) 
Now why on earth would I try to take a nap thinking I wouldn't be woken up repeatedly the second I lay down .. it's just not fair .. I need a Christmas miracle nap ! 
Taking advantage of my giftcards & after-Christmas sales online to satisfy my dress phase ! :) ? Which I'm thrilled to say is just icing on the cake after this Christmas . I didn't know what I wanted , but at the same time I got everything I wanted , to add to the everything I've ever needed ! lol That's including awesome food , fun times and being surrounded by loved ones . I can't complain .. even if it's just this once ! 
My favorite movie is on .... \The Big Lebowski . \ " < PROPMALE > Bridges plays a hilarious bum ! :) " 
seriously .. I don't understand how some people still have their job .. 
Daydreaming of camping weather ... I like our areas changing seasons but I'm more of a warm weather person ! Oh well , it will make me truly appreciate the nice weather when it comes around . 
< PROPFIRST > and I are about to enjoy some ribs from BWW , but without the crowd . I love carryout . :) 
not feeling so great .. 
.......... my tolerance is being tried right now ... I'm beginning to wonder why I'm still hanging around that stupid place only to realize EVERYDAY how it operates like a boat driving through boulders ... I'm sickened ... how can anyone flourish when failure starts from the top ? 
I'm stunned ! Some news has been brought to my attention by < PROPFEMALE > Kubiak ' s last status , that was brought to her attention by Drake Hall . THE ASTROLOGICAL SIGNS HAVE CHANGED ! 
I never can seem to get moving as fast in the cold . I'm almost positive at one point I may have been a cold blooded animal .. And from the rate of my movement today , I would guess a turtle .. 
Enjoyed some grilled salmon at Lonestar with < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPFEMALE > and heard some blues at Woodlawn Bar .. now for some Black Opps until bedtime for work . Great night with < PROPFIRST > , my brother , and sister-in-law . 
....... :P 
..... I accidently spilled like half a bottle of cough syrup on my cat , < PROPFEMALE > .... I can't believe how I managed to do that ! Then I had to run her to the bathroom for a bath before she tried to clean herself and consume it ... she may hate me now . I can only wonder what she's thinking about the situation ... 
.. SUPER .. I'm sick for the second time this winter .. I've got so much to this week to .. :( 
busy day ... I'm ready to slow down a bit . I've juggled errands , work , and < PROPFIRST > all day today .. I think I'm starting to see < PROPFIRST > and keyboard keys when I shut my eyes ! I have to say I'd rather have it this way though , even if I do get a bit stressed . It's gotta pay off sometime ! 
No good thing comes without hard work and < PROPFEMALE > . ? 
ugh ... icy , cold rain .. not only uncomfortable but dangerous .. I almost busted my butt on the shop steps , and when I was trying to unhook the hose so it wouldn't freeze up , I almost slid my face into the water spicket because of my stupid non-gripped boots .. LOTS-O-FUN ... haha . Everyone be careful and avoid driving ! 
Women are Angels ... and when someone breaks our wings , we simply continue to fly ... on a broomstick . We are flexible like that ! Keep posting this girls ... 
... sooooo sleepy ... but still have work to do .... I'm grateful and exhausted all in one . < PROPFIRST > , you have it way worse so hugs to you and your ongoing ( starting on a 3 day ) non-stop working marathon . Teamwork is a must , don't know what I'd do without you ! Get some sleep ! ? 
... I hate when I'm going full forth , full steam ahead getting stuff done , and BAM ! something stops me dead in my tracks and a disastrous domino effect sinks it's way into everything I'm working on .... I've learned to always assume everything will be difficult and then it's not as stressful to overcome as something you think will be a \piece of cake\ " . Lesson learned ... again ! LoL " 
just finished the taxes ! 
today seems to be looking up ! * fingers crossed * hope I'm right :) It's been a constantly busy week , I could use some positive occurrences in my life for at least the next couple days . At least I can depend on < PROPFIRST > to make me laugh and shed some stress . ??? 
I just scored 72121 in Mega Jump !!! Beat that ! http://getsetgames.com/megajump 
Super Duper .... I think I may have overdid it on the treadmill ...... I'm pretty sure I've really hurt my back ..... * fingers crossed * a good night's sleep will make it go away . Healthy eating leaves me still hungry and exercise leaves me in pain .. lol 
It is an amazingly nice day out !!! < PROPFIRST > and I only had a little time to play with our pups outside today , but that's alright . The good thing about working for myself in a shop is that I can open the garage and see daylight ... I'm not as fortunate tonight though , my other work doesn't have a place to just work and stare out into the day :P 
I'm sad that I just ruined one of my jackets .. There is ink all over my sleeves and front pocket :( 
I woke up this morning with horrible middle-upper back pain that radiates into my right shoulder and up my neck . It's almost 6 o'clock and it has gotten worse . Ughhhhh ... :( 
If I have curves , I'm fat . If I wear makeup , I'm fake . If I like to get dressed up , I'ma hoochie . If I say what I think , I'm being ugly . If I cry sometimes , I'm a drama < PROPFEMALE > . If I stand up for myself , I'm mouthy . Seems like you can't do anything these days without being labeled . So what ! Go ahead and label me , see if I give a flip ! ... If you're proud of the woman you are , repost 
Can't wait till this day is over . 
Feeling unrested after plenty of sleep and my back still hurting is getting to me ... 
Super ! I just tried to open my dresser ( jam packed with clothes ) and a shard/sliver of very thin wood inserted itself right underneath my fingernail and gushed blood everywhere .. it was almost as unpleasant as when I was a salesperson .. 
Not that I want severe weather or anything , but I have to admit a nice low rumbly thunderstorm makes me sleep like a baby . It's very calming and I could use a nights sleep like that . .. oh and as I type a SEVERE THUNDERSTORM WARNING for < PROPMALE > County ... that's not exactly what I had in mind .. 
Today is not cooperating .. At all . I do know a certain pressure washer that is about to meet it's horrible demise if it doesn't give in and work right ... And a screenwash sink that better become unclogged .. Right this instant !!!!!! Grrrr ..... }: | I believe I had about enough for today !!! 
.... I'm mentally preparing for a dreadful day tomorrow ... But there's also tonight to get through to . I may need some chocolate therapy to keep my wits :) I better start on that now , haha . 
Ok yeah this is too early ..... Redbull , here I come . 
Just watched \127 Hours\ " with < PROPFIRST > Franco about the guy who got stuck in a canyon with his hand pinned by a rock and he saws it off ... True story and not a bad movie . " 
Wow ! \The Next Three Days\ " is probably one of the best newer movies I have watched in a long time ! * * * * * FIVE STARS " 
Ugh ... Did not sleep well . I feel like crap :( 
And we are off !! Better late than never ! :) 
Passing through Atlanta , < PROPFEMALE > . 
Enjoying our first night in Florida ! Not to the Keys yet but we've enjoyed some pizza , games with < PROPFEMALE > , and the pool . If I may say so myself , it's been a hard earned relief from everything . I do already miss Mom's cooking :) . 
I think I may find out what being sea sick feels like riding on the Yankee Freedom on our way to the Dry Tortugas . :S 
On our way back from the beach at Fort < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > . Great Day ! We ran into one of those older men than was super tan and got that way bc he wears a thong banana hammock .... Whatever floats his boat , but it may have sank everyone elses ... :P 
Homeward bound ! 
The anxious wait kept me entertained on my way to Florida but this drive back ... Ugh . Just want to get home . 
I'm so grateful for everything right now . I've had a wonderful vacation with < PROPFIRST > . I came back in the cleaning/organizing mode and I feel clear-minded . To add to that it's been beautiful outside since I've got back and I cooked out with Mom and Dad today . It looks like things are starting to stack up into crazy mode again though .. * deep breath * but I'm ready ! :) 
Oh cupcakes , donuts , and all the other bad stuff I consume , please stay away ... I don't like not fitting into my clothes , it saddens me . Even my big clothes are snug :( :( :( My diet needs disciplinary action , right away ! 
Really ? Snow ? Ugh .... 
Snowing thunderstorm ? Hmmmm .. Weird weather . 
Yuck ...... Not feeling great this morning . 
Super ... Internet at home stopped working ... That shortens my list down a bit tonight . 
... I'm on a roll with those great mornings .. I'm struggling to not be late for work now .. 
....... so tired ....... If I could , I'd pay to sleep in till eight tomorrow ... but then I'd mess up the rest of my day .. :P 
... I order red shirts ... and I get black ..... some stuff is just beyond my control .. these little things are about to make me keep a stash of paper bags in my purse to make sure I don't hyperventilate ! 
Improvise , Adapt , & Overcome . 
Oh I feel terrible ... I feel like I need 3 more hours of sleep . I shouldn't have drank that stupid soda so late , I didn't sleep well . 
This little trend with not sleeping well and work ... It has to go ! 
Sometimes I feel like I'm running in place .. Just trying to get somewhere , but you don't get a reward for good intentions , it's the execution of them . Even then it's not a guarantee .. 
All I ask of my daily routine ( work ) is to receive the same effort that I give out . Meaning my equipment , vendors , and me ( the operator ) function within normal expectations without so many obstacles ... Thanks - \The Management\ " :) " 
Getting ready to relax with < PROPFIRST > for the night before my busy weekend comes crashing back into reality ! I'm thinking wine , popcorn , chocolate and a good movie . Perfect :) 
I really hope this Red Bull surges on until this afternoon ... So I can chug another to get through the afternoon . Ha ! ... Booooooooooooooo .. 
Please copy and paste this as your status if you know someone , or have heard of someone who knows someone . If you don't know anyone , or even if you've heard of anyone who doesn't know anyone , then do still copy this . It's important to spread the message even if no one knows anything about anyone . Oh , and the hearts . ? ? ? For the love of God , do not forget the hearts . ? ? ? 
Fake people and people with a underlying incentive bother me . I don't trust anyone who's rude enough to dribble their B.S. all over me and think for a second I'm dumb enough to believe it .. I'm chipper and happy because I want to be .. Not stupid . Oh also with my extreme chipperness ... Well you don't want to see the opposite , it's extreme as well . 
And my power keeps going out ... It's surging back and forth which is not good .. 
Dad and I just rescued < PROPFIRST > from work since his headlights went out . Sesser 148 is covered in trees , railroad crossings blocked , and just realized that the gaslights was on . 
has a \Super Duper Freaking Fabulously Craptastic\ " ... headache ... and an unfinished list that needs to be finished .. " 
... Not in the mood for work obstacles ... My life story . 
Doesn't understand why things are so difficult .. sometimes some choices in life delay others that seem like everyday life for most people .. Wherever I am in life , I'll be happy as long as it's with < PROPFIRST > . :) .. yes , a mushy post .. 
.... Yay for today ... Not . 
Getting Zoey fixed on Friday I support the spaying and neutering of animals 100% but < PROPMALE > Barker failed to mention how damn expensive it is ! All and all , it has to be done , sorry Zoeybutt , < PROPFEMALE > had to do it ! 
Zoeyless for the night ... :( 
... yeah , about work . Not feeling it . 
...... so tired .... I don't wanna get up ! 
just had a 30 minute nap . I feel like a new person and I've gotten some stuff done that I had been wanting to finish . If only a nap was the answer to everything , lol . Hooray for energy . 
I barely escaped the slowest train I've ever seen ( in my rearview ) . I'm hoping that today will follow that same theme .. SUCESS ! Lol 
... trying to shake this migraine .. it doesn't help that I have to look at the computer to get my stuff done for the night . Unless my Tylenol kicks in , the rest may have to wait until I can look at the light without wanting to get sick .. 
has had a very productive day ! A lot of stuff to do the next couple of weeks , so I better whittle down a bit of it before UPS brings me a rather large gift of stuff to do Thursday and more next week . < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > , you better be prepared to ! :) 
Oh my .. I'm going to need to get off iTunes before I owe them my first born child ! Lunch break is officially over for me ! Lol 
Happy Mother's Day to All the Moms !!! It's a beautiful day out for all of you ! :) 
\Carpe diem ! Rejoice while you are alive ;\ 
