just got moved in at UNT 

I did something very stupid today . I decided I would walk to < PROPFEMALE > Triangle Mall to look around . 
I have a question for everyone , and would like a honest reply . Do you think I would be a better computer programmer , or psychologist ? 
Got a new YAMAHA electric keyboard yesterday , and has been playing it almost nonstop . I love this thing ! 
In order to help my new dragons , click on the link , then on each egg . 
just discovered that shaving before coffee is a bad idea ... 
just noticed that Binedo has over 4,000 views ! Glitch much , lol ? 
Anyone want a decent amount of scrap denim ? 
Well , I am officially the VP of The Circle of Three Trees . Only one person came to our table , and that was before I got there . :( 
Snow is EVERYWHERE up here ! 
And it's still falling ! 
Meeting is canceled . I'm gonna take a nap for a little while . Not used to the Ambien yet . 
Diffusion experiments are boring . I'm on here because I've got nothing else to do while I wait 15 minutes for the third time . 
has not had a good night . I forgot to take my Ambien , and have had 3 hours sleep . Classes are not going to be fun today . 
is busy designing a dragon cake . 
got most of the planning done and is preparing to actually begin assembly tomorrow . 
Sometimes I look back on my life and wonder , \What is the point of continuing ? \"" 
Just got a new phone , and I already love it . 
If you think I'm cute , LIKE this status . If you love me , put a ? . If I'm your friend , put a :) . If you miss me put a :/ . If you've ever had a crush on me put an xD . If you're not scared , post this as your status !! Haha I couldn't resist >:) 
Well , it took me 2.5 HOURS and 50 Hyper Potions , but I beat the Elite Four and < PROPMALE > on my first try ! 
just discovered that , after 5 hours of tracking down a Wobbuffet , leveling it up , and hunting down Latios , it is not possible for said Wobbuffet to hurt Latios . FML 
3 legendaries down , 11 to go ... 
Is at the AAC waiting for the TSO concert to start . Being right next to the stage was worth getting tickets 2 months ago ! 
TSO was amazing , as usual ! Can't wait for next year ! 
got something he didn't expect for Christmas : a cold . 
Just finished installing a new 700w power supply , a Radeon HD 5770 video card , a Razer Lycosa Mirror < PROPFEMALE > keyboard , a VisTablet graphics tablet , and a Canon MP250 Photo Printer + Scanner . Took me the past 3 days to do , but so worth it ! My PC is now a very sexy beast , lol . 
