Happy Birthday Mommy !!!!!! I love You with all my heart and soul . 

I dnt care what people think of me , because in the end Im gonna be on top with you kissing my ASS asking me what your next move should be . 
God works in the most mysterious ways . I asked God to show me the way to happiness and he put me on a long journey to self discovery with a few bumps in the road but once I get pass all those bumps I will be on my way to true happiness . 
I just love myself sum ME !!! 
Im feelin myself rite now so hard , bcuz U cant take my shine or stop me rise 2 the top . 
Im feelin myself rite now so hard , bcuz U cant take my shine or stop my rise 2 the top . 
I wish men stop lying and say whats on their mind and stop playin around with people's emotions . 
2nite wuz a nite ill never 4get !!! 
Im happy bcuz , Im winning a war without fighting this person has no idea that they're doing exactly what im want them 2 do . 
Im happy bcuz , Im winning war without fighting , this person has no idea what I have in store 4 them once this is all over . 
New Year , New Beginnings , New Me , bcuz Im tired of the bullshit !!! 
God please help me , I dnt knw what to do anymore !!! Be told one thing over the phone and see something completely different face 2 face . 
Grandaddy , U didnt make it 2 see the end of 2010 but im still celebrating like U are here with me and I wish U a very Happy New Year !!!!!!! 
U ain't never seen fire like the one I'm gone CAUSE !!! 
U ain't never seen a fire like the one I'm gone cause !!! Gone destroy any and everything that gets in my way !!! 
Im tired ... I need a FUCKIN drink !!! ASAP !!! 
Today is the Tomorrow , We dreamed of Yesterday . Class of 2009 where yall at , holla at me !!! 
I have finally learned that I have stop living 2 please my family and start living 2 please myself bcuz at the end of the day my opinion of myself is the only one that matters . 
Failure is not an option 4 me , bcuz I believe my faith , hardwork , dedication , and determination will perservere in the end . 
Damn , I need sumthin 2 do ... Anyone got sum suggestions ? 
Happy Easter 2 Everyone !!! 
I am loving the way my life is going rite now !!! 
Im wondering is this boy blind , in denial , or he jus plain stupid 2 not see whats right in front of his face , staring him dead in his eyes . 
I wish all the messy ASS people in Woodville , would mind their own business and get them a DAMN LIFE and stop worryin about < PROPFEMALE > RESHAWNE < PROPFEMALE > , bcuz I aint givin 2 flyin fucks about whether ur dead or alive . 
Y must we constantly hurt the ones we love most in the world . 
Ur the reason I smile . 
I would like 2 wish my Brother , Lil Boo , Happy Birthday !!! I love U !!! Rest on and see U when I get there . 
I dnt knw how 2 be no one else but me , so stop tryin 2 change me . Take me as I am or jus leave me be . 
Time is of the essence and its much to precious 2 waste on pity things and people . 
My heart is his home . 
Y sum men cant see whats rite in front of them . Instead of a real < PROPFEMALE > they want a fake ass rhinestone . 
Y do men play so many damn games ? Hell I thought we left the damn games back in high school . Damn I thought wrong . 
Thank , God 4 the young man he sent 2 me . He is the most honest , loyal , trustworthy , and patient young man I have ever met . And we he cums around that frown yall normally see , is turned upside down . He makes me so happy !!! 
Fuck bein FAITHFUL !!!! Bcuz I have learned that all niggas are nothin but DOGS !!! Theyre only good 4 1 thing and half of them cant even do that . 
2 all the hoes and niggas that thought I wuz gon 4ever , guess what bitches , IM BACK !!! And IM back stronger and smarter then ever !!! 
I am so enjoyin my life rite now . No stress , no worries , and no more drama . Damn I am really happy now . Life cant get any better then this . DAMN , all :-) ' s !!! 
Hopefully I will be at Alcorn State University 2morrow morning . 
I just want 2 run away 4rm Woodville and 4get it ever exsisted and my life here never happened . Damn where did I go wrong ? 
Real friends are so damn hard 2 find . Y cant they jus be true and have ur back in not go behind it . DAMN is that 2 much 2 ask 4 . 
Lord sumone please help me , bcuz I keep getting these sharp pains in my stomach . It has been happening awhile now . 
Is a real man 2 much 2 ask 4 . 
That sneaky , caniving bitch gone get whats coming . N we gone see who gone be laughin in the end me or them . 
My heart still beats 4 U . 
Facebook plz pray 4 my grandaddy , bcuz things r not lookin good 4 him . 
Single and searching . Anyone interested ? 
Im tired of little boys , I want a grown man who knws what he wants and doesnt change his mind every DAMN day . 
Facebook on my way 2 the Tolliver's Family Reunion , hope I have fun . 
Jus made it back 4rm the reunion , I had so much fun with the fam !!! Cant wait until the next one in 2012 !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > is such a bitch , but I love it . I told yall that bitch was gon get whats cumin 2 her and guess what in the end I was laughin my ASS off !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Damn I jus love < PROPFEMALE > so much . 
I would like 2 wish my nephew , Pooh , a very special HAPPY 4th Birthday !!! I love U so much , u are my heart . 
People life is 2 short 4 all this bullshit yall doing 2 eachother . Heres a piece of advice : Grow the fuck up and stop worrying about other people and worrying about ur damn selves bcuz all this bullshit and mess dnt make any damn sense . Go read a book or find a new hobby do something with ur damn self instead of keepin up mess and start minding ur own damn business . 
Remember the past , Live in the present , and Look towards the future . 
What would u describe me as , sexy , sassy , beautiful , independent , intelligent , smart , or all the above ? 
Sometimes I jus want 2 run away from here and never look back . 
Does anyone want 2 runaway with me ? 
; WHAT'S MY FULL NAME NICKNAME , BIRTHDAY , FAV . COLOR [ S ] BESTFRIEND [ S ] , && 1ST LOVE FAV FOOD ... POST THIS AS UR STATUS && SEE WHO REALLY KNOWS YOU ... ilike to see 
Learning 4rm my mistakes and moving on with my life . Im so loving the woman I am becoming . 
I think its time 4 me 2 move outta of Woodville , and start over , bcuz Woodville is no place 4 sumone who is tryin 2 better themselves . 
Often imitated , but never duplicated . 
I hate living here in Woodville , with a passion . Damn I aint moving away fast enough . 
Got alot of things on my mind , I really need 2 talk 2 sum 1 . 
All I'm askin 4 is second 2 prove myself 2 U . 
I dnt want no one else but U . 
God made me 4 a reason and that reason is he made me 2 be the woman 4 u . 
RIP < PROPFIRST > Tolliver November 8 , 1933- August 7 , 2010 . Grandaddy , my heart is heavy but u dnt have 2 suffer anymore . He called U home 4 reason bcuz he saw that u were ready 2 cum home and sit around his thrown . When called U he said , \Servent Well Done\ " . Now Grandaddy gone and take ur eternal rest u deserve it 4 fighting so hard 4 so long . U r what I call a True Soldier bcuz u fought until u couldnt . " 
Im back Facebook and Im done . I dnt want to hear the foolishness , mess , or about anybodys problems . Im done with the bullshit and fack ass grown men and little boys who claim they men . Hell men I wish sum of you would see the real women right in front of you . The ones that really love and care about yall , that only want 2 make yall happy . 
Men wanna complain that they cant find a real woman , I guess not if u cant realize a real woman is staring rite in they damn face but all they want do is run 4rm them then make up excuses of why they runnin , bcuz u afraid of real women and u rather have little girls who cant do nothin but one damn thing and its so damn sad and yall call urselves real men . Well real men dnt run 4rm real women . 
Men tell me why when you have a good woman you cant do rite by her and then you wanna complain you cant find a good one . I see it like this sum of U run bcuz u have been hurt by little girls and think that real women will do the same , and others are jus FUCKING dogs , no excuse 4 yall . 4 those of that been hurt dnt give up , believe me a real woman is lookin 4 u 2 make u happy . 
4 the first time since my Grandaddy died , I smiled 2day and realized that im stronger than what I give myself credit 4 . 
Life , love , relationships , heartache , heartbreak , betrayal , friendship , lies , deceit , and jealousy , Enough said . 
Im feelin so loved rite now . 
To be perfect , you must also be imperfect . 
Who Dat Said They Gone Beat Them Saints !!!! 
Saints won !!!!!! Who Dat Nation STAND UP !!!!!! 
When will the storm end 4 me and my family . 
Who Dat Said They Gone Beat Them Saints !!!!! Who Dat Nation Stand Up !!!! 
how many of us really knw everybody on our facebook friends ' list ? I would like all my fb friends 2 comment on dis status about how < PROPFEMALE > met me . After < PROPFEMALE > comment , copy dis 2 < PROPFEMALE > r \ 
status so i can do the same wit u . This should be interestin 
R . I . P < PROPFIRST > Lafayette Tolliver ( Uncle Lafayette ) , Its been 16 years and we are all still missing you like crazy . 
I would like 2 wish my nephew , Nailian ( Tigger ) , a Happy 1st Birthday . I love U so much and I wish U a many more . 
Im finally 20 , yay me !!! 
I would like 2 thank everyone who wished me a Happt Birthday . Ur wishes made my day all the more special . I really enjoyed and appreciated them . 
I like it on the couch . 
I like it on the couch , table , and bed 
Im missin him so much !!!!!!! 
Alcorn won !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! What Southern got 2 say now . 
Where my Alcornites at ? Yall stand up !!!!!!!! 
Who am I ? Im < PROPFEMALE > RESHAWNE < PROPFEMALE > !!! Enough said . 
I would like 2 wish my loving and beautiful mother a Happy BDay , I love U , Momma . 
Ok ill play so start inboxin me 
Lord I pray 4 better days , bcuz this shit rite here makes no sense . But in the end its only gone make me a stronger woman . Damn bullshit and drama find everyone even the ones livin stress and drama free . Damn people get a life and stop worrying about < PROPFEMALE > Reshawne < PROPFEMALE > and heres bcuz believe mine aint goin no where !!!!!! 
Grandaddy , I miss U so much . Life is so hard without U here . Evereyday I wake up and run 2 the front expecting 2 see u sittin in ur favorite chair smoking ur pipe but then reality sits in and I realize that u r no longer here and once again my heart gets heavy then I begin 2 cry . grandaddy , U will always be in my heart and I will always love U . 
Happy Thanksgiving . Saints won !!!!!!!!!! Who Dat Nation stand up !!!!!!! Whoooo !!!!!!!!!!!! 
Learn 4rm the past , Live in the present , and Look 2wards the future . 
Does drama and bullshit ever take a holiday ? 
Im wonderin is my Christmas wish gon cum true ? 
I miss my cousin , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , so much !!!!!!!!!! 
I been so deep in thought all day , my damn head is killin me now !!! 
I would like 2 wish my Uncle , < PROPFIRST > L . Tolliver , a very Happy BDay !!!!!!! May he rest in peace . 
I would like 2 wish my beautiful grandmother , < PROPFEMALE > Tolliver , a very special and Happy Birthday !!!!! Rest in Peace . I love and miss u very much !!!! 
Love me at my worst and U shall recieve my best !!!!!!! 
My total facebook views are : 1384\ 
\ 
Find out your total profile views http://bit.ly/ctvteamviews 
Wow , these projects are really startin 2 stress me out and my hours at the daycare arent makin this any better . 
I wish my grandaddy was here 2 give me sum good ole wisdom and inspiration , bcuz i jus dnt knw what 2 do anymore . 
( In my Grandaddy's voice ) , \Work the work dnt let it work you \"!!!" 
Love is a 4-letter word and pain is a 4-letter word , but they always say u hurt the ones u love the most , so love is pain and pain is love . 
Above it all I thank God 4 everything he has put me through bcuz it only made me a stronger person and let me knw I can do anything with his love and grace around me . 
Baby , I dnt care about ur past , I only care the present and our future 2gether 
Damn , I feelin so sexy rite now !!!!!!!!!!! 
Mood : Fuck the bullshit !!! Save it 4 the DAMN birds !!!!!!!!!!! 
Im so damn sick n tired of men and their damn confusion !!!!! Hell make up ur mind all ready !!!!!! 
I cant wait until Thursday , my Springbreak begins !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Pineapple 
May 3rd plz hurry up and get here !!!!!!!!!! 
My day is startin early 2day and I have alot 2get done . So lets get 2 it . Good morning Facebook !!! 
I get 2 relax n work on sum projects this week . Sum personal and sum r 4 skool . The countdown begins 2morrow !!! 
May 3rd is almost here !!! The countdown continues . 
