Facebook is becoming gay for me !! 

Well just want you all to know . THAT I'M TIRED OF MY JOB TREATING ME LIKE SHIT THEN HAD THE BALLS TO SUSPEND ME FOR PEDDELY SHIT ! :] > In hopes of a new Job soon . YAY . ;3 
I had a wonderful day today . Got my job interview and I am confident that it went VERY well . $10.56 an hour HERE WE GO ! WOOO ! 
Eeeeeeeeh . Found out that it's actually $9.56 an hour . Lol . but that is STILL good . WOO ! 
All I AM IS STUPID . I'M A DOLLAR SIGN TO MY FAMILY EVEN WHEN I TRY TO TALK LIKE HUMAN BEING I'M STILL YELLED AT ! 
What's the point in trying ? Seriously tell me . - Bad mood - 
Yay . Going to a job interview tomorrow ! :] 
I'm feeling down everyone ... And I'm hurting . But I'm excited for tomorrows job orientation . < :| 
La la la la THIS IS THE WORST NIGHT EVER ! I CAN'T SLEEP !!!! :[ Is it because I'm excited or depressed I DON'T KNOW ! ><; 
I'm going to my orientation for my new job ! Wish me luck ! :/ 
Going to bed ... Night . 
Yeah so now I'm working somewhere else and I'm ALREADY a shift leader . ;] That just tells AMC to fuck themselves because I KNOW I was a better worker than most . xD 
I'm looking for the song : Symphony No 7 in A < PROPMALE > op 92 : 2 . Allegretto by Beethoven !!! Please contact me if you have it !!!!!! 
I'm feeling like I can't accomplish anything ... And I'm doing something wrong . I am quickly going down the path of the unemotional that I fear so much . What shall I do ? I don't know . All I know is I'm going to work out as much as I can ! - < PROPFEMALE > 
I'm looking for a < PROPMALE > car yo . Lol . I need my own car so my brother can get have the car I drive . Help me out ..? :] 
When I keep my mouth shut over things I oppose of . I get forced to say ... Then I'm the bitch for disliking how things are working ... I don't think I'll be able to keep my job because I'm not able to do things ... I hate myself . And everything I'm made of .. And I know that no one really cares anymore . 
Even when they say they do ... Because I'm nothing but a whiney bitch ... But I'm hurting inside ... And they don't see it ... I want out of this misery . - < PROPFEMALE > . 
So I'm missing the man in my life . ;-; I wonder what he's up to .... oo; 
.... This day . Is crappy . I want to change . I want to be happy . I can't dance my emotions away anymore . And I have no one to go to . I want it be independent from all my crutches but it's hard to let go . Why is my luck like this ? 
.... This day . Is crappy . I want to change . I want to be happy . I can't dance my emotions away anymore . And I have no one to go to . I want it be independent from all my crutches but it's hard to let go . Why is my luck like this ? OH and now I'm single . ;[ 
Going to the gym . ;[ Haven't been on here in a long while .... 
I'll be waiting till the sky falls down , Till you come around , baby . I'll be waiting till the sky falls down . Let the rain clouds come . 
Falling deeper 
Your dumb , ridiculous , insane , an ass . I don't think I can ever see you again . So you think I would be okeh being yours once more ? Think again bub . >:[ 
(; Someone is awesome possum 
Oh noes my stomach hurts guess I'm not working out tomorrooooow . Ugh these pounds need to hurry and leave me . 
Oh . My . God . I'm working till 4am ); 
I'm going to shoot my foot in a second 
Getting tired of this scene . 
Anyone else have felt that earthquake ? 
We . Are . Going . To . End . First earthquake on the east coast in decades . 
My back feels tight and sore . I need a rest . This working out is stressful 
? 
So I hate it when someone tells me they don't like someone and they're just with them because they're bored but they < PROPFEMALE > with them all the time and acts all lovey dovey to them . Either you're lying to me or lying to them . Get it straight . 
Anyone wanna save me and take me to dinner or something ? Please I'm dying . 
Remember this ; Death is listening and will take the first man who screams . 
Ugh Skrillex is becoming mainstream I liked it better when people made fun of me for it . 
I hate to say it but I wish I could go back to < PROPFEMALE > highschool . And fix what I did wrong . 
It's creepy there's no wind out side like none .... o.o 
It just seems like another rainy day to me 
So I wish I had some family who can support me . Who understands that I can't handle this all by myself . I'm glad I have you Penguinator < PROPFEMALE > . I love you like family . 
So you know you're bored when you're playing runescape . 
Well called dominion and they told us it will take days before its back on 
- sigh - Maybe I'm looking too hard .... ); 
Hate the fact I walked all th way home because my friend had to work ugh tired sleepy time : C 
Did you know im 100% pure loving even though you hurt me ? 
Ugh work for 10 hours . Who can say yay ? I can't plus I have to work Friday too yay for overtime boo 50 hours . 
Should I get my snakebites back ? 
My job is looking for a male . Good benefits and all let me know . Plus you can't have facial piercings . And you won't be paid less than ten . Hit me up . 
I'm 16 weeks and craving smarties ! 
Lmao ! Why the fuck would I be pregnant ? I got you . :3 
I hate walking home just because my friends car won't start .... 
My mom saved me from five to six hour walking 
It's only when you leave . That I start to believe , that I can feel anything . It's only when you leave me floating in the air , that I start free falling . 
Yeah . I'm about done . I may be trying to move . I'm not sure totally but these next two months will show me who are my true friends or family . And if all goes downhill I'm gone no one will know where or why . Because IDGAF anymore . 
I've been kidnapped ! \ 
Look at the FIRST 7 people on your friends list . \ 
NO CHEATING ! \ 
1 . The kidnapper : Penguinator Dani\ 
2 . The idiot that's looking for you but can't find you : < PROPFEMALE > A . Rose\ 
3 . The person that planned all of this : Mailene Baybes Olivo\ 
4 . The police officer : < PROPFEMALE > Klausmeyer\ 
5 . The person that doesn't care : < PROPFIRST > Tallgothkid Brown\ 
6 . The person who cares the most : Vic Martin\ 
7 . The Knight in Shining armour that save you : < PROPFEMALE > Dixon 
