i have a new look for the new year Happy New Year Every1 !!!!!!!!!!! 

MWHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA the new year is here time to be Bad !! 
nothing im completly bored which is bad 
yummy hot coco a a warm blanket and my favorite movies in the dvd player ! 
im bored 
I hate school . we had 3 fire drills TWENTY minutes before the final < PROPFEMALE > 
nothin interestin 
Wishin my bestesist < PROPMALE > happy birthday 
How do you properly get kicked out of your own house ? 
one of these days i will be free ... wuhahaha 
livin life like its a game :P 
my consert last nite was so fun ... except where i triped walking off the stage ! Happy late birthday dad ! 
cant wait 4 halloween ! 
if livfe was a game we'd all be players , pawns , and played . 
who ever created < PROPMALE > needs to die if i hear that song one more time i will scream 
im gonna be in madgrail and i hold < PROPMALE > victors heart as the love intrest ^-^ 
lets go do the ever so sexy tango 
i like to party !! 
so tired im going back to sleep ;P 
not much just gettin into 2 trouble 
i love the tango dresses can you say sexy :P 
The few . The loud . The Random . 
my boyfriend . my friends . and me . 
i need something to do beside avoid family friends 
noting but everthing is super funny :D 
cold , tired , and people wont shut up and let me hibernate 
They may want to take Christ out of Christmas , but they can never take Christ out of me . If you are proud to be a Christian and are not ashamed of Christ then post this as your status for 1 day as a light to the world . Most people will be to ashamed or scared to do this . If you are ashamed of Christ , he will be ashamed of you . ™ 
im so bored i think ill make a cake and sit in front of my tv and eat the whole thing 
happy new year peoples and < PROPFEMALE > Christmas i got 
i feel like partying 
im bored and my feet are cold 
so bored cant wait till later 
ugh cant wait for the new year 1 hour and 57minutes to go 
HAPPY NEWS YEARS PEOPLESSS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 1 
in the name of Jedidiah \don't you manhandle me\ " -- from night at the museum " 
guess what panda monkey 
no cant i sleep a little longer i dont want to go to school tomarrow !! 
if i ever have to go outside again itll be too soon . mom made me walk the dog 
ITS OFFICAL I HATE SCHOOL 
im hungry . first raid the kitchen . then shower . lastly some ouran host club before bed . man i LOVE that show its awesome !! :) 
im going to TRY and sleep with football-fanatic parents yelling at the tv two doors down :( 
super worried cuzin is gone missing 
worring is so overratted like our exams in two weeks :) 
hi on chocolate :P 
so tired . wont get home till late tomarrow . bout to raid the firdge . yep . 
i have been asleep scince 3:35 and i feel like crap plus i missed out with my friends so ... yeah :( 
i want it to snow 
im gonna take a nap and hiberate after i finish this paper . 
yay paper done up next party i got roped into 
Put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? know ? someone ? who ? has ? or ? had ? cancer ! ? All I wish for in 2010 is a CURE ! ? Dear God , I pray for the cure of cancer . Amen . ? 93% WON'T Copy and Paste this , will YOU 4 just one hour ? ?. Just for you Kel ! 
lookin for old friends on fb but so far no luck laterz people . 
i feel like sleeping with my arch enemy cuz hes sexy anit that wrong ? 
life is the same day in day out . then one day youll wake up and say ' has life always been this dul , this lifeless ' thats how i feel today life i just woke up 
getting ready for a work out at church ... had to go and say id help with the new dances ... i cant waith ! its going to be so much fun 
My very best friend might be leaving me here alone . I feel incredably depressed and lonely . But i dont know if shes leaving forsure yet i hope she stay . 
way tired but i have now memeorized my lines for the auditions tomarrow 
my legs hurt and after today they are gonna fall off 
yay so im totaly ready to totaly screw up and fall on my butt 
cant do auditions 2 day totaly suckage 
somewhat annoyed but blissfuly happy and excited 
so tired if i ever see another textbook itll be to soon ~ being overdramatic per nor ~ 
check the emails and then headin out state yay atlanta here i come ! :) 
my mom says if i get a job i can have the old car its an ' 02 intrepet(sp ) or something like that 
yawn got up way to early nows is dead tired 
is doing nothing i think my heart died i feel nothing 
have i mentioned lately that i despise the color red -groans- 
working out after school if i seem moody im not =D 
raging at my stepfaters assholeyness ( and if its not a word it is now ) 
waiting for the feeling in my fingers to come back 
hey college guess what ur a headache go away i hate you 
is fellig depressed i need a hug 
wondering if my bestes guy friend is mad at me 
needs to think and something to do 
derading tomarrows headach that comes with th ' superbowl ' 
needs to tink clearly before going on a violent rampage ~ grins evily ~ acompaned by ~ evil giggles ~ 
im skipping out thursday and friday + my little bro just took on three badass wanna be buliies and won and now he sports a black eye for his trobles but hey i havent stoped lauhging yet i wish i had brought my camara lol =D 
let it snow let it snow i m going to tennese thursday 
yes FiVe DaY WeEkEnD !!!!!!!!! WWWWWWWWWWWHHHHHHHHHOooOOOOOOoooooooooo !!!!!!!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > over reacted a bit but who cares u love me anyway 
how cold i am 
ive got a headache 
so tired crap i gota do Halls hellwork 
had fun at mpa's bored to near death but fun so ... whats this i hear about a bomb threat ? 
mmade the best desicion ever 
if you havent heard the news yet i am leaving gj 
in atlanta guess its offical i no longer go to gj mis you guys 
you learn to put on a maskeven when you dont want to 
new school new problems so hows the < PROPFIRST > issue ? 
my desprete need fo a bf who lives close by ;D 
has royally screwed up her life and will problay never fix it ever . :/ 
wandering when people will pull their heads out of their asses 
is wondering how life can change so fast yet remane the same 
misses all her friends cuz georga is cold and hugs are the best with a secret kiss or two ;) 
whos crushin me of course ..... not ... ~ stares ~ ... okay maybe a little ... ~ more stares ~ .... okay fine big time 
what im gonna do tammarow after karate 
karate = pain i ache all over and ended up in the most comprimsing postions today 
life is getting better friends now far and wide but still ove is there to help heal the hearts past scars 
so tired but happy i got people to < PROPFEMALE > me and made a new friend while threatning him ;) you guysknow how thatgoes :P 
found someone drool worht not as much as my last love but still drool worhty 
school projects sucks so do bitchy lil fresshman girls ( not everyone ) :( 
Trying not to go crazy . Need a desprate talk with one of my besties . ASAP . 
No my hormeones are stable i won't go commiting mass homicide 
' NO ! Please dont cut my hair ' \sorry miss but we have to . \ " ' No never ' runs away ; dont get far . thiers violence and chains \ " sorry about this miss\ " ' Liars let me go please ' \"...\" that will be tomarrows conversation i have to get my hair cut . ' I dont wanna !!!! cries in a corner " 
they chained me to a chair and cut my hair . im kinda over it except the part where i look like a slightly darker samona 
this is what a new friend of mine said yesturday \fuck you very much\ " i laughed so hard i cried . " 
so dreading my test :( 
so tired that was the first of four draining test . thursday will be hell cuz it will be test plus jet leg . so not happy 
having a good day till it turned horendously ugly * death to most freshman * 
feeelin better cuz my besties girl understands =D 
going 2 arizona 2marrow hello hottness and cute arizona boys :) 
i will be * nice * no matter how much i dont want to ....... that stupid bitch put her fucking gum in my hair !!!!!!!!!!!! 
jetlag is a bitch . woke up 3 fucking hours late for school . 3 FUCKING HOURS . mood : so not happy :( 
is depressed . family death so um yeah . 
is making her first amv sorta kinda 
is going to school from the dark place laters 
is runing on limelight 
is slowly dying 
We live . We love . We forgive and never give up . 
stupid essay . took all my energy . im tired 
essay complete . i terribly miss gj . even the teachers . especialy my friends . 
hates the < PROPFEMALE > 
I'm Back !!!!! and with a vengence ! 
hey guys love to all and i promise i wont disapear forever ~ hugs ~ 
lovein life and hatin ex's wwwwwhhhhhhhhhhhhoooooooooooooo 
so tired miss my peoples very much Love you guys !!! 
wondering on me 
is addicted to playing in antonios hair lol im so crazy but you ALL love me !!! yay 
wallowing in self pity & hoping for a mirical 
trying to ' kiss the boy ' 
jk waitng for summer three more days 
two more days 
remenising on the good old days 
im ... slipping again help asap 
so not happy end of the last day of school SUCKED !!! 
feeling better bout to go do random crazy stuff for no reason 
is bored out of her freaking mind 
im so tired and i wanna going swimming 
going on a cruise hello hot guys and pools and cookies 
Im sssssssoooooooooooo aaaaaaaaallllllllllooooooooooonnnnnnnnnneeeeeeeeee !!!!!!!! ~ WAHHH !!! ~ 
revenge . Revenge .! REVENGE !!!! WHUHAHAHAHAHAHA ~ dark creepy evil laugther ~ 
as quoted from invader zim \leave me be you pathetic meat sacks ! \ " lol has me laughing every time i hear it " 
is so bored shes searching random things on google \ ... up next how to properly cut ice cream ... \"" 
im a rebel im a saint im all this and im dangerous 
how to not hate summer school .......................... im hungry 
dosent know what will kill me first algebra hw or boredism 
is a fangirl as to how it happened we will never know of what ... take a guess 
studying ... boring . reading manga ... Exciting !! 
chillin at my grandma's house hangin with my cousin 
is deprived ofhugs and her best friends 
aaahhhhhhhh i just woke up newrecord for latest time i ve ever woke up past 12pm 
getting nervous hope i get the job 
Not much just thinking about how sext jacob(taylor ) is cant wait to see eclipse tomarrow !!! 
is watching a sailor < PROPFEMALE > marathon and reliving all my child hood memories before i hit the big 18 i wanna stay young forever !!! ... or atlest for another two years :D 
is remembering things people bring up from the past hehe .... now that i think about that was funny :D 
what im doing this weekend with my plans canceled cuz somebody decided to drag my partner in crime away nnnnnnnnnnooooooooooooo < PROPFEMALE > come back !!! 1 
OMG !! My phoe hates me it wont let me txt any more why ?!?!?! ~ crys in a dark corner ~ 
Yay my fone loves me again :D 
still need to have the perfect summer day so i can say ' No my summer was not a waste ' 
living life to the fulliest at nite ^_^ 
is a true night owl . i havent gotten up before 12 in at least 3 weeks 
~ sigh ~ gets up walks around ~ sigh ~ sits down drowns in boredness ...................... Hey look books ... yeah not that bored . 
wow it 4am and im hyper . is there something wrong with that ? 
lovely aint it 
is way confuseed and tottaly out of it . more so then normal . 
chillin at barnes and nobel . bored as i can b jk lol tryin to lear some spanish 
you know how you cant wait for school to end but when its over your tottaly bored and caint wait for it to start again . im there . boredism i blame YOU !!! 
Sooo bored need something to do even if its school work . GO SENIOR YEAR !!!!!! 
Noooo stay away !!!!!!! ( at the doctors ) keep that needle away from me !!!! 
it think imma go to the game tonite 
Getting ready 4 tailgating scrimage im late but who cares ! Wish me luck 
Being angry and dealing with are two totally difrent things . And me well im just bipolar . Expreemly happy to almost uncontrollable rage . 
i still dont know who won .... nevermind ..... :( 
chillin with my lil'bros after leaving grams 
playing me games so bored cant wait for school to start hello senior year ! 
ah so tired going to bed early .... wow im goin to bed b4 10 that is way early espesialy 4 me 
enjooying my last days of freedom 
i got up so early and now im so bored 
i dont wanna go to schoollllllllllllllllll 
one more day of freedom what to do what to do .... no seriously what should i do ? 
First day of school .... weird but boy oh boy a cute boy walked me to class twice ! Awesome ! 
Th usual for scool never thought id say that 
cant wait till the game friday !! 
we lostbut it was fun woo i am hyper mow lol !! 
Not hyper but red hot mad . 
I hate spanish and englis my new two worst subjects lol 
\saw the cutest guy ever ! and even better he puts hot to shame\ " thats what boy crazy side is saying rationaly side says \ " Omg hottest cheerleading guy ever \"" 
< PROPFEMALE > always remeber no matter how far apart im here for you . Love you girl !!!! 
OMG i cant stop laughing lol 
lol did you hear that one bout the girl who says the /sun/ raped her eyes ? 
elol . evil laughing out loud 
raging over what my cousins up and out attitude ! IF YOU HAVE A PROBLEM WITH ME THEN GET THE F *** OVERIT AND DEAL !!!!!! 
im sorry for ur issues but dont make the mistake of taking them out on me cuz my bite is worse than my bark . 
today somewhere something deep inside my heart shriveled uo and died . im not sad for that but for some reason i feel like my heart is breaking . i wonder why . i feel like crying , and that something bad is going to happen and im scared it will cange my life forever . 
does anyone know what ' elol ' means ? 
who said being carefree in a world so cold is a bad thing ? 
Breath . Breath . Breath .... okay .... now you can panic . im so disorganised . 
BEST DAY EVER !!!! even though i was late to my fbla meeting my bay was very funny first off guy rape is not excepted by most ( but i do lol ) second debate is crazy along with chorus and all musical deparments . So yeah we set the school on fire jkjk its fine i guess popcorn is so off the snacks list ! lol cant wait to see what tomarrow brings ! 
Yay i gotlate arrival !!! lame name but anyone eles ? 
BEST PEP RALLY EVER !!! FROM A HYPERACTIVE GIRL ANY WAY .... UP NEXT THE SENIOR TAILGATING YYYYYEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Like i said HYPERACTIVESUGARHIGH GIRL and no i havent hadany sugar today i had a cookie oncei stepedover to the dark side XD LOL 
For everbody who i dint get to hug today virtualy glomp . The game was fun even though we lost had too much fun to care ! i was to busy screaming my head off !! 
:) \smile\ " :?\ " why ? \ " : l \ " becuse i said so\ " :( \ " Thats not good enough\ " :D \ " then smile becse of SHINEE\ " XD \ " i love them ! \ " :P \ " i know\ " \ 
i think ive finaly gone crazyi * skipped * across the road laughing my but off agree disagree 
I wanna go to awa but i cant ~ pout ~ 
wmuhahahaha homework i have vanquished thee .... now if only the books would die to :D 
we won ! and know im sad some dessisions are harder than they seem ... 
I Hate mondays 
GGRRRR parents are SO stupid they say you dont communicate but yet when we Try to talk to them they dont bother to LISTEN and yet the get the right to b **** and complaine ! 
im back thanks for all the love tody was great ! i dont feel anyolder but hey thats me a fast to loce and uber slow to hate ! Love you all !! 
drama the worlds most natural form of entertainment . shakespeare not so much 
just sent in my first application and im so nervous sending in the rest in like the next 3 weeks 
What tattoo design represents you the most ? -- My Result : Wings . http://quizme.heroku.com/quizzes/682463/referrals/status?aid=1543771129 
im going to maim < PROPFEMALE > how dare she cancel the day before ggrrrr but oh that just meansi get to go in her place , too badim broke spent allmy money getting my dress cleaned 
well aparently samll groups now have chats and thats weird and on a earlier note ... see next status 
debate .... enough said . 
Im going to homecoming who eles is going ? 
senior feild trip tomarrow ... to the movies ! yay no class , MoViE tImE !!! 
yay i got pocky !!... no i refuse to share its mine 
im gonna change my profile pic in like ... when i get around to it . imma be in a dress though and i almost never wear dresses 
i dont feel so good . i may or may not be in school to marrow 
Why cant my life be simple ? I am so tired of my life being screwed over . 
its times like these when the one thing you dont want everyone knowing they all know and you want to dissappear 
Breaking < PROPMALE > - Evil Angel ... love that song 
is bored ... no really im bored 
okay so its offical , i guess .... im moving 
I think my weirdness is contagious . lol but my weird ness ismy ... um ... meness . Omg please dont take it its mine . that was the convo i had with my cousin today and it was funny that was the most sensible part of it any way 
crap so forgot about the chorus picture tomarrow and the concert 
okay so pictures next week i got the days mixed up < PROPFEMALE > me ! that stupid concert wore me outand now im hungry 
im tired of smiling my face hurts . and peolpe keep lying i think the rumors are getting to me ... one of these days i will break its only a matter of time . and this is geting in the way of me making new friends 
why do i feel so angry and yet so sad .... 
way excited cant wait till six !!!! 
the world can burn in pieces , \ 
my soul will still survive . \ 
just like the old divine , \ 
the pain will always thrive . 
my < PROPMALE > name shall now be Omg . Itachie vote now it closes in one week 
dislikes people who dont understand that something as simple as changing the way you do things in the morining is in fact THE END OF THE WORLD for you 
wants to see all her old friends ant take loads of pictures to add to her senior year album . and then hopefully she wont miss them somuch then 
My < PROPMALE > name shall really be Omg . 
Its offical i know live in Riverwood :( 
why do i have so much fun by myself ? 
is wondering how things will be once balence has been restored , change can be a bad thing or a good one . 
can words spoken with true sinerity get thru to ones heart thought to belong dead ? 
ugh going to be at 9 .... the end of the world ..... i NEVER go to bed early unless im sick 
wow im so angry today .... anyway be leaving soon for NC to got to the JWUpreview 
Had fun at JWU preview it was amazing best campus ever !!!! plus their culinary students fed us !!!!!!!!! amazing !!!!!!!!!!!! 
ive slept for most of today and i hate sleeping 
im tired . really tired . i was dead on my feet when i woke up . 
My world has change i guess its about time i changed too . Not for my world but for me ..... This is gonna be fun :D 
okay so appearntly people wanna shooy up rhs and other schools in the tri-state area , my question to them is \what the hell is wrong with you people ?!??!?!? im trying to learn here not have a heart attack cuz the fire alarms going off . \ " my advice to them \ " get alife and deal with your problems without killing a lot of people that dont want to die !!! \ " -- that is all-OMG " 
mini mind meltdown(mmm ) that and a mega headach i think my heads gonna explode 
.... yeah ............. bye . 
how far do you fall untill you reach the absolute bottom , the every end , and will you get there can you ever get out ? 
im too cool for a status XD 
even as the tears continue to fall i will live on , smile on , laugh on . I will Live Out Loud . 
Today was .... interesting . Tell me about the most interesting thing that happened to you today . 
im cold . 
i think i have a new theme song take a guess at what it is 
laughing at the popcorn senerio 
Living out loud !! 
I got accetped to JWU but , i may not be going if i dont pass spanish 2 so wish me the best of luck and help me study !! 
Happy Thanksgiving !! 
Can't wait for AAD !!! Its gonna be so fun !! Leave for Katsu's soon . Then prep time for ultimate colsplay action !!! 
Best con EVER !!! 
I now have a Dark < PROPFEMALE > Lord ... and im going to bed ( and only < PROPFEMALE > Childers Calamusa , < PROPFIRST > Strachan and Kohlbern Jary will know exactly what im mean besides the other people involved and YES ive sropped calling him the Elf Lord ) 
I have plans in motion to stalk and kidnap .... 5 bucks if you know who XD 
i have a new intrest ..... ~ insert evil laughter here ~ 
i am so weird i likes two peoples guess if think you know who 
im tired . had a job interview hope i get the job . and well life goes on . AND I ABOSOLUTLY HATE IT WHEN PEOPLE LIE TO ME !!!!!!!!!!!! 
shower . bed . sleep . wake up . school . homework . Repeat . 
falling through the cracks\ 
scream for help\ 
only to wacth the ones you care for most\ 
just walk away\ 
the dont hear your cries\ 
your screams your pleas\ 
they seem to be blind deaf and dumb\ 
or maybe they just didnt care at all ... \ 
or maybe they care to much and cant watch \ 
what would happen if you fall again\ 
maybe it would be too much and the would fall to\ 
\ 
So climb fly and jump just get back up to the top 
im going to enjoy my weekend cuz next week is gonna be aweful 
remeber when you said \I can't afford to care 
desperate i will crawl waiting for so long , no love there is no love die for anyone . What have i become ?!!!!!!!!! 
there are few people who i love these are my top five ( btw its not in order of whom i love the most ) < PROPFIRST > Boyette , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > Smith , Katsu Sutcliff Strachan and others ( btw if your not up here and your family you dont count !!! ) 
im gonna hate thursday ... matter of fact i hate it all ready ... get up early , and stay late thats the game plan ... oh my poor brain please dont turn to mush ..... i promise i'll feed you !!! 
everyone sing -extend pause- people clap - director says \wait theres more\ " singing resums ... then ends ........ That and i realized how dangerous the risers can be . " 
\ ...... i dont know what to do anymore ..... \"" 
The \poke war\ " has began . Are you ready ? " 
i was soc old today my fingertips turned red 
and voices rang while thee angels sang and sangin \a oh a oh a danced on into the night !!! \"" 
first day of work ever .... tomorrow ... at 5 
comon fulton dont be a douche ' close close close ' 
ahh slept in , then got up flipped out cuz my room was a mess ( now its sparkly ) , cleaned the kitchen ( now its dirty again ) then at 7 i realised i had a final tomorrow .... and i havent studied for it ( and i still havent ) now im going to bed . YAY !!!!! for random no school days !!! 
I wish you never told me . I wish I never knew . I wake up screamin !!! And its all because of you !!! So many voices in my head ! When it comes back you wont be scared and lonely !!!! - Scared . 
<3 <3 <3 </3 : @ ggrrrrrr evil ~ time passes ~ :D :P :) ~ and you dont care anymore ~ 
\God help if ive come undone ... out in the light of the sun\ " -give me a aign " 
:) <3 :D 
some people say i need to be more realist than optomisticaly happy ..... well would you rather have me be optimistic and happy * or * pessimistic and depressing ? And no realist is not being pessimistic , is called being somewhere inbetween . dont put a damper on my life cuz you want to spread your ' realistic ' outlook . 
i <3 kids i do , but i absolutly hate getting up early to babysit them so tired 
ugh children give me a headach oh how i miss my brothers and my sister <3 
My family is amazingly awesome ... crazy . But awesome ! 
Lmfao . With my . Lil cousin < PROPFEMALE > and her crazyness !!!! Hope . Everyone does is having as much . Fun as I am ! 
takin it one day at a time , one laugh , one hug , one smile , and millions of happy memories !! 
can a women love for fake ?.... i got this from a r < PROPFIRST > song . 
im tired and this pc needs to hurry up it takin ffffoooorrrrreeeevvvvvvvvveeeeeeeeeerrrrrrrrrrr 
noooo ..... my phone died and i cant find the charger wahh :'( 
im so happy see if you can gues why 
take one step at a time there is no need to rush after all it is a new year ... 
first day back and im ... confused greatly confused . but anywho i was laughing so hard i couldnt breath ! <3 i love debate ! and i love < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > , shhh dont tell him that ! wow thats random oh well <3 
i tried and failed ... statistics hw why must you be so hard !!!! 
tommorows my first day i cant wait but there is NO way im climbing up a hill with THREE text books again EVER ... unless i abosolutly have to :( <3 
if you want to talk to me call cuz i need it :( 
borec outa my mind i think imma go back to sleep .... 
\ ........ i have nothing to say for my self .. but ' I will take my cookies and have the cake to ' thank you and good night . " 
\i want it all but i have what i want excet ... you\ " in the name of OMG <3 oh how she loves <3 <3 " 
YAY !! i get to sleep in ! take that school !! ~ exctedly jumping around ~ 
OMFG ITs SNowing !!!! i cant wait to play in it tomorow !!! 
i heard we might be out on wednsday too but i think thats just a rumor ... 
Dont you just hate when people move things your leave in that particular place for a reason ? Ido why cuz the ruin everything unless you save it . i miss my precious snow cars ! <3 
is listening to songs that bring up good memories but also the sad depresive after thought of knoing i cant go see these people for a long time . dont you just love bitter sweet memories .... its almost been a year . 
i was so bored today that i actually tried to clean my room . but then again i got up at one . 
imma go watch finding nemo 
well to my beloved friends i shall see you all hopefully on tuseday if i dont well will know its because i died from boredom . the internet can only intertain for so long ans i broke my game .... imma go watch a move and do some econ so iwont have to do it later :( 
yep its time for mte to go pop some popcorn and find a movie on on demand if you need m 
so i was on youtube and i heard this one song that just made me fall to the floor lauguing because of one little line ' Girls dont like boy , Girls like cars and money !! Boy will laugh at girls , when their not funny!!' the song is called \girls & boys\ " by good < PROPFEMALE > lol <3 " 
i had been up for the past 26 hrs at 4:30 . then got a raging headach andpassedout for four hours so much for trying not to be nocturnal .... 
Noli manare , manere in memoria 
if you would like to keep me aliveso i can reach the next day please call me ... boredom is deadly . 
ugh ... and people wonder why * I * am so unstable ...... 
and the homework came crashing down ... 
Pain is inevitable . Suffering is optional . which do you perfer ? 
in the words of drama con \Kindly Kiss Off and DIE !!! \ " :DD " 
\Is Everything I Know A LIE !!!??!?! \ " >?<" 
floating on the waves of ' omg i passed THE hardest class ever!!' 
please dont be like me because we all cant be on the amazingly uber awesome lever of awesomeness that i on im sorry ;) <3 
' AAAHHHHHH Curse you < PROPFEMALE > tolet!!' 
the Lord ofDispline or watevea its called makes my brain hurt their insults make no sence !!!!! 
I Will Not Fail . 
im living on air 
and she ran hit the high note all those sorprano bost on 
..... i think i broke it ...... 
today was such a good day i lauged more then any other daybut i need some advice ... help ? 
where does the maddness end 
im bored somebody calll meeeeee 
I'm not superhuman . 
i found the perfect colsplay now i just need the $100 bucks to buy it then shoes 
when i woke up at 9:30 i was mega hyper and now at 10:37 im uber mega hyper . I guess im just a hyper person . <3 
omg did anybody do the math packet ??? 
when did life get do hard ? and when did the simple become so complex ? .... who cares i saw my mom yesturday but still when did things change ? 
' you'r all useless ' -- leader-sama 
\ive been to the < PROPFEMALE > and seen the stars but the will never measure up to the magic i saw in your eyes ... \ " this is mine . also this refers to a few of mine friends take a guess if you are one or wanna know who im talking about ! " 
im back peoples and i had the best day ever ! and ally has a magic lunch box ... lifesaver ! 
Your car is Japanese . Your vodka is Russian . Your pizza is Italian . Your kebab is Turkish . Your democracy is Greek . Your coffee is Brazilian . Your movies are American . Your tea is Tamil . Your shirt is Indian . Your oil is Saudi Arabian . Your electronics are Chinese . Your < PROPFIRST > Arabic , your letters Latin . And you complain that your neighbor is an immigrant ? Pull yourself together ! Copy , if you're against racism . 
... and people wonder WHY im going crazy . 
fall and fall hard . Just hope you dont shatter upon impact . picking up the pieces is hard . 
We laughed . You cried . I died . 
.... did our t.a. just leave ?... 
one day i will fall in the hallway and then be trampeled on .... ' oh how nice ' ^^ 
you know how we all have that one friend that always wants to talk when your in a bad mood and then you yell at them and you feel so bad ..... well your like that 
...... ah .... nah ....... 
i didnt know butter could burn . 
the dasies will protect you from ever harm . 
you will feel pain as i have felt it . You will feel my anger . Why because you desirve it . and because i am passive aggresive . 
me tired 
thats right name change in you face !! 
there is a band-aide on my ceiling 
omg on fb in the apple store hanggin with my lil cuz Dotlice < PROPFIRST > who called me lame ... anyways how the time flies ttyl gtg 
Ryou-chan or Rei-chan ? i need a name for my oc . 
Is feeling broken .... 
never thought id feel this down ... 
floatin on cloud 2 ... 
now you know the truth ... no ones there . 
laughing on statistics .... homework its still not done 
< PROPMALE > is my favorite <3 
Im ssssoooooo bored . 
took a long bath and my body still hurts ... i hope to sleep all day sunday 
My feet hurt .... somebody please tell me why life is so unfair !!! My poor swollen red feet .... wah ! 
why does tomorrow have to be monday 
i need a wig for momocon !! 
why must homework be so bad ..... stupid econ , stat , contemp , and sp2 
yay for the little things ! 
straight superiors oh yeah !!! 
Does anybody know what tbs means ? 
omg no not cake ... hey ! what are you doing ? give that back !! 
ffinally the weekend .... every sick persons dream ... sleeping till 9 in the afternoon ! 
\Dude you had it easy ! Some guy kept trying to poke me with a thoothpick . \ " --- VT " 
is sick so she may or may not be @ skol tomarow 
ohh eeemmm jjjjeeeee ... did i just say that .... oh my i did anyways ..... stupid essay 
life goes on day by day , hour by hour , minute by minute ,.... that sounds depressing ... let me try again .. \ 
life goes on laugh by laugh , hug by hug , glomp by glomp , kiss by kiss , smile by smile . <3 
You know when you get sometinhg stuck under your shoe and you cant get it off ? \ 
~~~~ \ 
Well they're like that . 
\im not asleep im not awake not after the way you l touched me \"" 
ONE MORE DAY !!! 
prom was the best nite off my life had so much fun with < PROPFEMALE > Crazygirl , T-Chan , and Haliey ! i will never forget this !!! 
that took for ever finally have enought energy to get dressed for momocon .. yes i know late as ever but what can i say ? should be there by 5 ! 
Im not trying to seduce you . Neji's Dance -Youtube ( macarana ) 
welocome to my Master Plan . wuhahahaha 
Im dancing in my room . why ? because im cool like that 
im not crazy , im just random bipolar ! :) 
dnacing in my room cuz im cool like that are you ?? 
Stacks of paper hate me . .... fail ..... 
off to bed so late my lit paper still not done . \fail .. fail . failfail\ " now is not the time to panic ...... ' Now You Can Panic . ' :} " 
omg im playing uno ! havent played it in forever 
Im such a niteowl .... party till im purple !!! can i even turn purple ? 
Omg im going to the park to swing and ride slides and monkey bars time to act like a little kid for a while ! yay for being childlike !!!! 
I need to find q park close to my house .... 
How long till its gets to be too much ? 
i went to the park and nearly feel off a tire swing !! loved it the whole time though !!! 
why is today so backward ?!?!? 
can i have a piece of ....... coughdrop ? 
zuuz is now Lord Zuzu . \ 
Nooo Lord Zuzu dont kill Mofo !!! 
How NOT To drive me CRAZY !!!! \ 
1 . i dont care what you have to say\ 
2 . dont tell me when you know i dont care\ 
3 . dont talk to me when you know im not listening . \ 
4 . leave me to my peace i will come to you\ 
5 . when i start to care i will let you know\ 
6 . dont ask me pointless questions 
is going crazy .... but only in her head . 
workin up a sweat eww but non the less oh so fun <3 
R.I.P. my fallen friend . We will never forgt you < PROPMALE > . 
is so bored and needs to be distracted 
not a i wink of sleep stupid thunder 
Don't fear the change ... you caused it . 
is going to sleep . wake me and i kill you 
yay ice cream before bed !! 
i kill you with my eyeliner !.... um how do you kill someone with eyeliner ? 
ugh i dont like the rain 
I just met < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ! gospel superstar , and HE hugged Me !!!! And nobody else ! omg i feel so special ! best time at the mall EVER !!! 
SPRING BREAK PEOPLES !!!!.... Do Not Disturb . 
the time to .... ugh i cant think straight this early in the morning 
who stole my gir !!! to the park for playing ! 
Im not okay ( i promise ) 
is feeling unwanted ... 
huuumm what to do what to do ... 
its like WOW !!! 
