is so glad to have such great friends ! ;-) 

is tired , and is thinking about meeting up with the sandman . 
slept GREAT ; and is ready to tackle his day ! ;-) 
has had a rough night , but is going to take it as a learning experience ! 
is just chillN at the house ; taking it easy . 
¤MERRYº°¨¨°º¤ø °¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø¸CHRISTMAS¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ø¤º°¨¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤MERRYº°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø , „CHRISTMAS¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ø¤º° .... Copy and paste and keep the Chriistmas wave going ! 
Welp , working 4pm to 8am . What a nice way to spend my New Years ! :) 
is still looking for 1 nail ; and 2 boards for his horse stable . 
is still looking for one nail for his horse stable . 
Happy Easter everyone ! :-) 
DEPRESSION , is not a sign of weakness , it is a sign that you have been trying to be strong for too long . Put this as your status if you know someone who has or has had depression . Most people won't , but it's Mental Health Week and 1 in 3 of us will live with depression at some point . 
Woo hoo ... 4.0 for Spring quarter ! I love it when hard work pays off !!! ;-) 
is wondering howmany of us really know everybody on our facebook friend list ? Here's atask for you ... I want all my facebook friends to post how you met me . After you comment , copy this to your status . You may be amazed at theresponses you get ... this might be interesting 
Children with special needs don't have an illness , so there is no cure and it's not contagious . They want what we all want : to be accepted . Most of you probably won't copy and paste this . Could you do it and leave it on your status for at least 1 hour ? It's Special Education Week , this is to all the children who need a little extra help an ...... d understanding !!! 
“What do you first do when you learn to swim ? You make mistakes , do you not ? And what happens ? You make other mistakes , and when you have made all the mistakes you possibly can without drowning - and some of them many times over - what do you find ? That you can swim ? Well - life is just the same as learning to swim ! Do not be afraid of making mistakes , for there is no other way of learning how to live ! ” - < PROPMALE > Adler 
SEPTEMEBER IS CANCER MONTH : In memory of every cancer patient , family member , and friend who has lost their battle with cancer , and in honor of those who continue to conquer it ! Put this up for 1 hour if you love someone who has or had cancer . 
Crisis Center/ 2-1-1 call center has expanded and is now serving 8 counties . With the economy , so many people are in need of resources , which means we are getting loads of calls . Do you have at least four hours a week or every two weeks to give ? If so , please call to give back to our communities . Next series of volunteer training classes begins October 13th . Call now to get started ! 773-4357 or 2-1-1 
Accomplishing the impossible means only that the boss will add it to your regular duties . ~ Doug Larson 
Those who improve with age embrace the power of personal growth and personal achievement and begin to replace youth with wisdom , innocence with understanding , and lack of purpose with self-actualization . ~ Bo < PROPMALE > 
Well , I have to be up at 5am , and I'm stuck at work until my relief can get here ! ;( 
Well , I failed the test again !!! I'm so disappointed with myself , and now I have to wait another week to take the test again ! Talk about down in the dumps ! ;( 
Well , taking my driver's exam Friday . The good thing is , is that Neff Interstate is going to let me borrow their cones Thursday , so I'll get some practice in before taking the exam this time . May the Gods be with me ! ;) 
Thanks to all who has wished me a happy B-Day ! It's much appreciated ! ;-) 
Well , going to look at an apartment that is next door to my parent's house today . It's bigger than what I'm living in now , plus it has a patio deck . If all goes well , I'll be moving on the 1st of December . Woo hoo , away from the parking lot ! ;-) 
Is excited about moving , and wished the 1st would hurry up and get here ! 
Put this as your status if you know someone who suffers from being a Michigan Fan . Being a Wolverine Fan is a real disorder and should be taken seriously . There is still no known cure for MF and sympathy does not help , but we can raise awareness . 100% of OSU fans will repost this ...... simply because WE know how to copy and paste as well as tie our shoes . BEAT MICHIGAN WEEK GO BUCKS !!!! 
Happy Turkey Day everyone ! ;-) 
