is just gonna throw it out there : if you send him a mass text at midnight , he won't be ur friend in ' 10 . There has to be better things for you to do than show me i'm not worth a personalized text . 

says screw resolutions ... live life to the fullest . We only have 2 more years ' til 2012 anyway ... 
isn't sure what he hates more right now : the cold weather or his non-functioning phone . He thinks they are both ruining his day . 
wants to go on a road trip ! 
you don't know me ... and you don't wear my chains .... 
in less than 4 hours my life will be complete again ... oh how i have missed u True Blood ! 
loves rainy days . and mondays . :-) 
just watched Obsessed on A&E . and just like Intervention ... this show always makes me sad . 
has a < PROPMALE > crush on < PROPMALE > Butler !!! He cannot wait until The Ugly Truth comes out ... 
is googling \how to treat a sunburn\ " because he feels like he was boiled alive ... " 
here i go . here i go . here i go again . girls , what's my weakness ? 
just got kissed by a toothless , drunk , homeless < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > look-a-like . time to go take a bath in lysol . 
is thinking happy hour might be nice this afternoon ... as long as it's air conditioned 
just found out that nationals for National Forensics League are coming to KC next year . makes me miss high school real bad ! 
has 3 books on hold at the library he wants to read ... but still has to finish rereading HP5 & HP6 before July . Sorry friends ; he may be out of commission for a while . 
broke the key inside the lock of his cash register yesterday , got a new key today , and broke it 4 hours later . FML !!!! 
Ever had one of those days where u tell urself not to think about something ... but it seems like that only makes it worse ? today is one of those days . bleh ! 
hates people that steal other people's favorite pen . 
is easy like Sunday morning ... 
what ??? < PROPFIRST > mays died ? this has to be the most devastating celebrity death all year ! 
is 7 hours away from a 4 day mini-vacation ... and couldn't be more eagerly watching the clock . 
will be in OK with my favorite girls before the day is done . YAY ! 
back from the Oklahoma City Memorial ... wow 
is back home from an awesome mini-vacation . :-) 
i say a beef hotlink ! 
is having a Sad Song Saturday ... cuz he hasn't played this playlist in a long time and he's working on the Fourth . :*( 
is working 7am to 11pm today , without a break . ugh ! he plans on doing a complete overhaul on his FB page ... and then youtubing the rest of the night . 
thinks that < PROPMALE > Potter has < PROPMALE > anger-control issues . And is kinda sick of his pity parties . 
experienced 12:34:56 on 7/8/09 ... and won't get to do it again for another hundred years . 
They say home is where the heart is ; if the exception proves the rule , I guess that's true . 
is searching for a lawyer . :-( i hate making all these phone calls . 
just found out he is working ANOTHER 16 hour shift today . F U \sick\ " people ! " 
ah say into pie , oppa < PROPFEMALE > ybe uppen die . in ka < PROPFEMALE > koray ah < PROPFEMALE > ! 
feels he is in the twilight zone ... 0 phone calls and 0 texts in 2 days ... not even responses from texts he sent . WTF ?!? 
I just had a TOTAL stanger come up to me and tell me I will never get a girlfriend because I was reading < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , which makes me a nerd . My response : \That's far down on the list of reasons I'll never have a girlfriend \"" 
is nothing but water and ex-lax til prom 
is working his 4th 16-hour day this month ... and ready to pass out from exhaustion . 
is embarrassed to admit it ... but he is a little bit excited about his trip to Branson this week . haha 
wishes you could permanently remove people from the ' Friend Suggestions ' . he gets tired of seeing the same people there ( that he either doesn't know , or doesn't wanna ' friend ' ) 
is officially a licensed driver again ... YAY !!! 
is sad that < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > broke up . 
is gonna take Branson by storm ! 
is back and had an AMAZING time ! 
has already talked to THREE 911 operators today ... welcome back to work ! 
likes to pretend he's an x-man when no one else is around . ( is x-man the singular form of x-men ? ... cuz it doesn't look right ) 
is already counting down the days to halloween ... how sad ?!?! 
is thinking that quitting smoking and starting a diet in the same week eliminates all the joys in life . but 7 days smoke-free ... ( let's not discuss the diet ) 
thinks people who panickedly ask for help fixing their screw up , should not in turn tell you you're doing it wrong ... 
now has the highest score amongst his friends in Farkle AND ChainRxn ... he spends too much time playing games on Facebook ! 
is off to the MO state fair ... 
is thinking he's gonna buzz all his hair off today ... 
is thinking the words \ineffable\ " and \ " besotted\ " are not used enough ... which makes him sad . " 
has spent 3 hours on ' texts from last night ' and still enjoying it . gotta love productive mondays ... 
( 302 ): is it bad if my mug shot looks better than my profile picture ? 
is don't ask me for an application if ur wearing a bikini top , < PROPFEMALE > dukes , and Tweety Bird slippers ... unless that application is for food stamps or What Not To Wear auditions . 
thinks celebrities should invest in better film equipment . grrr ... 
is rekindling his love for < PROPFIRST > Downey Jr. 
just requested some time off to go back to COMO in September ... 
just had a bum come into work and ask me to Google \what to write on a cardboard sign\ " ... WTF ?!?! " 
wishes that instead of the same news story on every channel , they would report whether or not < PROPFEMALE > actually got a millionaire . :-( 
is researching sleeve garters for his halloween costume . but not liking how frilly theey are . :-( 
wishes alcohol were allowed in his diet . just for ONE day . 
is watching a man on a unicycle count one dollar bills to pay for his hotel room ( totalling $206.91 in my lobby right now ... that's right : ON A UNICYCLE !!! IN THE HOTEL !!! 
is trying to watch True Blood ... but his work computer is obviously not meant for downloading TV shows ... it's running sooooo slow . so much for my enjoyable day at work . :-( 
likes to oat , oat , oat opples and bononos ... 
hates having to laugh at jokes that aren't funny for sake of providing good customer service .. 
got to tighten his belt another notch this morning ... but celebrated by having biscuits and gravy . FAIL . :-( 
is damn you , < PROPMALE > marley ... you and your infectious lyrics . \Don't Worry ... Be Happy \"" 
feels like his stomach just grew a set of teeth and is gnawing at itself . 
wishes he had an instruction < PROPMALE > for it all ... 
wishes he had something to do tonite after work ... 
couldn't figure out why his glass of water tasted nasty ... until he realized 5 hours later his glass was sitting beneath the automatic air freshener 
would rather be tailgating ... 
just had a homeless man steal the < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST>'s out of his hands ... Luckily a police officer witnessed it and returned the sandwich . WTF ?!?!?! 
can always tell the girls that are doing the walk of shame into or out of the hotel on Sunday mornings ... and it makes him giggle every time . 
has a non-VMA related status ... 
spent the day Halloween shopping ... but hasn't really made any plans yet for what to do Halloween weekend ... Sad ?!?! lol 
is feeling nostalgic watching old episodes of Captain Planet and Gargoyles ... 
should upload his pictures on a more regular basis ... 
wants to watch the movie Gattaca . Even though the theme is totally lost on him , and he thinks genetically modified super humans are badass . 
thinks Chiefs fans are gay . like ... gayer than him ... 
wanted to go see the Sox play today ... but with the rain is gonna wait ' til tomorrow , he thinks . 
is feeling butch today ... Will be at Kauffman tonite . Currently purchasing tickets to the Border Showdown at Arrowhead . And contemplating Chiefs/Cowboy tickets just for the hell of it . RANDOM ! 
screams at the top of his lungs \What's goin ' on ? \ " <3 4 Non Blondes <3 " 
thinks it's sad that he considers waking up at 7 \sleeping in\ " . In other news ... He is off to COMO . " 
has drank a gallon and a half of water already today ... which means his bladder currently weighs 12 pounds ... time for a potty break . 
is \excuse my beauty \"" 
had a dream that he won Celebrity Top Chef against Miley < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > Brown and all the loser had to be shot . Apparently , in his subconcious , he is famous and doesn't deserve to die . 
is FU Miley < PROPMALE > for rescheduling your concert ! Now how am i supposed to Party in the USA ??? ;-) 
is craving a cinnamon crunch bagel from panera ! 
had an unexpectedly good night ! Haunted Houses + Amusement Park = :-D 
is slavin ' away for The Man . Thank God he's off the next 3 days !! 
wishes he had more black friends , so they could be the Real Housewives of Atlanta for Halloween . :-) 
is SO in love with < PROPMALE > from < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Project !!! 
just dreamt he was a contestant on Models of the Runway , but was kicked off for stealing a peep toe wedge ... when everyone knows he hates wedges . 
found a bunch of old CD's this morning and is currently having a dance party in his room . He's considering this his cardio for the day . 
wishes he were in Como gearing up for the game ... but alas , he is working instead . :-( 
had his waitress make fun of him for not being able to finish his mini pizza . how rude !?! LOL 
could literally sleep ALL day ... 
is in SERIOUS need of some beauty sleep . The dark circles under his eyes make him look like an meth addicted zombie going thru a bad detox program . 
is not feeling the love today ... 
thinks it'd be fun to go see Christian Siriano today at Oak Park Mall ... but will be working . 
lost another 5lbs . Now if only he'd work out , he may be able to shed the last 10 . Unfortunately , laziness often trumps ambition . 
is wondering how many cups of coffee it'll take to get thru the next 11 hours ... it only took 3 to get thru the last 17 . now taking bets ! 
had an amazing night and today is already looking promising . :-D 
is training a new employee today ... which means he probably can't get away with watching Project Runway in the backroom . FML . ;-) 
Do you remember the days when you were excited when your alarm went off so you could start your day ? ME NEITHER !!! 
has a new Halloween costume idea : Balloon Boy . Who wants to go as his white trash parents ?? 
is ready to channel his inner Tween . IT'S MILEY !!! 
wonders if it's wrong that his attraction to some people is based SOLELY on the fact that they have nice tattoos . :-/ 
is when u go to Miley without the accompaniment of a 7 year old ... u will be looked at like a freak ... but i bet i can do the hoedown throwdown better than most of those brats . :-) 
if ever there was a day to have TiVo at work ... today would be the day . EXTREMELY slow and nothing on TV . :-( 
refuses to let himself fall in love with the Lamas family like he did the Kardashians , but judging from what he's seen , that's not a problem . Seriously , if there is a worse show on TV , he's yet to see it . 
is cleaning house , making potpourri , and baking pumpkin steusel muffins . He's totally Stepford . 
is enjoying his 3rd day off this week . Today's agenda : Laundry , grocery shopping , making lasagna , finishing his book , Halloween finalization , and playing with new puppy . What the hell will he do with his day off tomorrow ? 
has his cake in the oven 
is pretty sure he invented the recipe to the world's worst hangover : red wine , sweet tea vodka , and budlight . ; consume ; add a dash of Mint ; then let simmer in hottub for an hour . 
wishes he were coming home for homecoming ... but he'll be there in spirit . MIZ ... 
is actually working a mon-fri this week . He feels like such a normal person ... and is loving it ! 
just had his heart broken . < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > isn't single !?! :-( 
has 5 co-workers with the Flu . He wonders if he's call in for a \I don't wanna be sick\ " day . If he gets sick before Halloween ... he will murder someone . " 
needs to remind himself that just because it's called a dinner party ... doesn't mean you're actually supposed to party . He feels like death ! 
is zombiefied and home from p&l , and his nose isn't bleeding ... BEST NIGHT EVER ! flame eaters + midget bumble bees + jesus and satan as urinal buddies + eye < PROPFEMALE > + witty friends = amazing . 
is take you off the bench , turn ya to a starter , then take you home and put you on a charger <3 
loves when facebook suggests really hot guys to be his friend . It's like facebook knows his tastes in men . Too bad he's usually too shy to add them . 
officially has a mohawk . be jealous . oh yes , be jealous ! lol 
had an early morning dance party in his room ... Sorry u missed it . 
has a day off ... so he's headed to get a tattoo then cooking dinner for the gang 
has dreams that can never be fulfilled ... but is attempting anyway . 
( 401 ): okay im going to go eat , shower and find underwear ... call if you want .... but ill be listening to glee VERY loudly . 
had an AMAZING weekend 2 weeks in a row ... Is it too early to plan for next weekend ? ;-) 
just found out he no longer will be working weekends . can we say \BEST NIGHT EVER ! \"" 
stayed up watching 10 episodes of grey's anatomy last night ... causing him to bawl his eyes out until 8am when he finally fell asleep . Greys = near mental breakdown ! 
watched Sex Rehab last night on VH1 ... and couldn't stop thinking about how hot Dr. < PROPFIRST > is . Counter productive ?? 
has an extra ticket to the matinee performance of Wicked this Thursday if any one wants to go with ... hit him up . 
is almost bored enough to play farmville for the first time , but he fears addiction and the loss of what little social life he has 
just sorted out a 5lb bag of jolly ranchers and there was not a single < PROPFEMALE > . What are the chances of a refund ?? FML ! 
SERIOUSLY needs to learn some social skills ... cuz he's starting to embarrass himself ... 
is ' wicked ' excited about tonight ... and you should be green with envy ! 
has an unexplainably bad temperment today . So bad in fact , at work he was told he could go home early to avoid conflict with his customers . That's definitely a first ! 
was at the food bank all day and calculated that he personally moved nearly 64,000 lbs of canned goods to their proper shelf in the warehouse . EXHAUSTED !!!!! 
is not happy he broke his camera last night ! 
just watched the trailers to < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > and Clash of the Titans and nearly wet his pants from excitement . He is not embarrassed to admit that nothing makes him more excited than Greek Mythology . 
thinks the worst part of being single is being reminded daily by the sponsored ads on Facebook . Must he be taunted everytime he signs in by cute models that are probably neither single nor gay ??? grrrrr ... 
is not allowed Glee before bed anymore ! He dreamt he was on the show and when his clock radio went off , he thought it was the sectionals routine ... so he overslept by 30 < PROPFEMALE > . FML 
just wants to apologize ahead of time for any drunk dialing that may happen tonight . LMAO ! 
will not be going out again for a LONG time after last night . WOW ! 
is NOT looking forward to cleaning house today . :-( 
is off to meet with the tattoo artist . what a perfect day ! 
Screw Thanksgiving ... I'm ready to roast a Jayhawk . Why can't it be Saturday , today ?? MIZZOURAH ! 
this Thanksgiving season I am happy for coffee ... Lots and lots of coffee ! 
is a having a GREAT hair day that is wasted at work ... so he's decided he's gonna go out tonight . 
doesn't even work retail anymore and STILL had to get up at 4am to go to work . FML ! 
wishes he could lose weight as easily as he loses his phone ... 
has his phone again ! But his dignity is still M.I.A. 
thinks if you can't decorate well for christmas , you shouldn't decorate at all . Tacky xmas decor/lighting is like bitch slapping baby jesus . 
woke up this morning questioning \why do i drink ? \ " and then he went to work ... and all his questions were answered . ugh ! " 
is rockin ' out to christmas music and sending out cards ... but is sad he didn't bring his caligraphy pen . 
needs sushi in the worst way ! Sounds like a reason to have a happy hour at Kona ... or is Nara better ? hmm ... 
has yet to find a single situation in life when a good Mean Girls quote is not fitting . 
learned today that there is NOT a polite way to ask someone in your hotel lobby if they are homeless or a guest . 
thinks the only thing sadder than going to bed at 9pm on a Friday night , is waking up at 6am on a Saturday . Especially when you have the day off . :-( 
has seen the ANTM Cycle 1 finale about 30 times and has LITERALLY cried every single time !!! 
really wishes he hadn't looked at the texts he sent on Saturday night . oops ! 
is pissed that even when he gets a great night's sleep , he still wakes up with huge dark circles around his eyes . WTF ?!? HELP ! 
has learned that you cannot make someone love you . All you can do is stalk them and hope they panic and give in . 
deals with the same dilemma every winter : does he wear a hat/hood/scarf and ruin his hair for the day , or does he risk frostbite for the sake of vanity ? 
Light me up , put me on top ... 
OMGlee !!! Best . Episode . Ever ! 
woke up with \how to undo texts\ " and \ " how to join AA\ " in his google search . We're gonna go ahead and file last night under T for tragic ! " 
was thinking it was gonna be a crappy day , until he remembered it's Friday and he has has a 3 day weekend this week ! :-D 
has his freak ' em dress on ... 
Nobody , no , nobody , is gonna rain on my parade ! CUZ I HAVE A 3 DAY WEEKEND !!! 
is so tired he can't fall asleep . how is that even possible ? 
Happy Mimosa Monday ! DELICIOUS ! 
not only had to work Thanksgiving , but is working Christmas , and now he's working until 11pm on New Years < PROPFEMALE > and coming in at 7am on New Years Day . Being passive is getting him NOWHERE ! :-( 
has decided in celebration of < PROPFEMALE > O's < PROPFEMALE > globe nomination he will listen to no music but the Yeah Yeah Yeahs for the next 24 hours . it's gonna be a GOOD day !!! 
realized a new level of frustration today : looking at a clock that never experienced the daylight saving switch , and thinking you are 1 hour closer to going home than you actually are . seriously ?? it's been over a month ! change your damn clock ! 
?? but wait ... now how long could this take ? It's hard to find a mate , when you're gone before he wakes ?? 
had a great night , woke up in a great mood , and decided only one thing could make this a better day : making paper snowflakes !!! :-) 
really doesn't wanna put clothes on ... 
enjoyed Hamburger < PROPFIRST>'s . Check it out ! 
26 games of Freecell , 2 sudoku puzzles , 3 cups of coffee , 2 cigarettes ... and not even 3 hours in ; slowest workday ever ! where the hell are my knitting needles ?? 
just had to kick a homeless woman and her 9 yr old son out of the hotel lobby into the freezing rain . He feels like a heartless person and wants to cry ! He needs a hug :-( 
just when i thought there was no greater child actress than < PROPFEMALE > Fanning ... i meet her little sister Elle . what a delightful moment . 
wishes he could be half the man that < PROPFEMALE > Rodriguez is ... 
If I had a dollar for every time I smile and pretend to care about what people are saying , I'd have all the money in the world . ;-) 
isn't one for resolutions ... but the pants he just busted the seam of are suggesting a change 
is having a sad movie marathon night . Sometimes there is nothing like a good cry . :-) 
is bound and determined to out gaga GaGa on the dance floor ... And by dance floor , he means hotel lobby . 
doesn't know if he should go buy congratulatory skinny pants or wait a little while longer and get congratulatory even skinnier pants ... hmm ... 
' cause if you're not really here , then i don't wanna be either . i want to be next to you ... 
thinks frozen pipes SUCK . He's headed to work just so he can shower for the night ... :-( 
is about to get his cutie sleep on . Do Not Disturb . 
True Life : I Have Acne ??? Really , MTV ? 
is 3 hours away from buzzing off all his hair . He's tired of hat hair . This should be interesting ... 
hasn't had an appetite because of his cold , and has sore abs from coughing ... Who knew being sick could be so beneficial to his new year's resolution ? 
must look like he needs saved ... because 2 different people today spent over 15 minutes discussing the word of God with him ... 
wants to know what did ever happen to predictability , the milkman , the paperboy , evening TV ... 
is ready to start beatin ' up the beats ... 
learned a lot this weekend : OKC drag queens are scary ; he can't throw a dart to save his life ; you shouldn't answer the phone in a hotel with a sign that says \no babyoil allowed in the pool ;\ " shania is the country gaga ; and he needs to random roadtrip more often !! " 
is working 32 of the next 40 hours ... It's like he's in retail all over again . :-) 
Fortune from my fortune cookie : Constant grinding can turn an ironrod into a needle ... Not totally sure , but i think my chinese food wants me to stop mastrabating ... 
normally kills ' em with kindness ... but today is more a piano wire kinda day ... 
is thinking if he had the money and motivation , he'd open a Tropical Liqueurs in KC ... because every city deserves frozen alcoholic beverages through a drive-thru . and because he's craving a silver bullet/cherry bomb combo right now ! 
If angry-dance were an Olympic sport : I'd be the next Apolo Ohno ... but with cuter spandex ... 
remembers one of the three bars from last night ... success ?? 
just realized that the black Jujyfruits tastes like Jäger ... and he found this oddly exciting ... 
has text 4 people with iPhones today that haven't responded ... either he really knows how to piss people off or < PROPMALE > Jobs is secretly sabotaging his social life . :-( 
No coffee on Earth can wake you up as quickly as the smell of 5 rotting onions , 60 stale cigarettes , 2 bottles of gin , and 4 soiled Sumo diapers ( also known as < PROPFIRST > , the homeless man that asked me for a can of tuna today on the bus ) . 
is secretly wearing his Dharma Initiative jumpsuit under his clothes at work ... 
just learned : the most dangerous T9 combination ... 2625 . i meant to say \It looks I'm getting COAL for christmas again ... \ " oops ... think about it ... " 
The Evolution of Tragic : 2000 -- Drunk Dialing ; 2005 -- Drunk Texting ; 2010 -- Drunk Facebooking . 2015 -- liver transplant ?? 
just call me JD Gaga ... 
when did Thursday night's become the new Saturday ? 
is kinda in love with Big Love . Though it makes him want a family of 3 wives and 9 kids . 
screw the Super Bowl ... I watched Xanadu ... 
is like a jellyfish : he may have all the properties of being spineless ... but u'll feel his sting if you press your luck . 
has decided : when he gets married , he'll save on invitations by creating a FB event ... tacky ? maybe . but more money for booze ... :-) 
has a theory that all the world's drama originated from someone that says they hate drama . As proof of this theory , Exhibit A : Every reality TV show ever made ... 
hasn't eaten corn in 2 weeks ... but his toilet seems to disagree ... 
is pretty in pink and ready to Code Red ' til he's blue in the face ... 
is a beautiful nightmare 
In the name of the Father , and of the Son , and of the Holy Spirit . It has been 3 days since my last confession . And man , are you gonna be pissed ... 
Teeth , shmeeth ... Show me your BEADS ! Happy Fat Tuesday !!! 
wonders if it's wrong to give up religion for Lent ... 
thinks he just figured out what he's gonna do with his life ... and now he's gonna get what he wants ! 
finds honesty endearing ... therefore , when someone says they honestly don't find him attractive ... it's often counterproductive . :/ 
<3 ' s < PROPFEMALE > Grandin ! :-) 
will have ya open all night like you're IHop ... 
used to think it was classy to have a glass of wine with dinner ... until he grew up and gained an affinity for Franzia and Velveeta Shells & Cheese 
He who says he doesn't believe in love at first sight obviously never saw a shirtless < PROPMALE > Horner . Thank you for visiting my dreams , Seeker 
is \ragazzi < PROPMALE > lavoro \"" 
just had a Mt . Dew thrown in his face at work by a customer . He's soaking wet and upset by the waste of caffeine ... Happy hour anyone ? 
is don't be jealous of my boogie ... 
is just up after sleeping 24 straight hours ... 1 ) didn't know that was possible 2 ) feels like he could do it again 3 ) still feels sick as a dog ! 
\Ruffie sex isn't that bad . You get laid and you get a good night's sleep \"" 
Oscars cry count : 4 . That brings today's total to 6 . Currently researching prozac ... LOL 
is saddened by the Plan B commercial : all those girls that had a hookup and then wake up alone the next morning . It's a lil ' depressing . ;-) 
my liver hates me !! 
just saw someone with 4900 FB friends . overkill ? or a new personal goal ? hmmm ... 
only 13 hours ' til the premier of Gaga's new video ... what a wonderful day ! 
REALLY ?!?! my cigarettes were stolen by a homeless man . it's gonna be a LOOOONG day . :-( 
just called the police cuz he thought he witnessed a guy die . Turns out he was just drunk and passed out while walking . sunday funday ? 
who needs sleep when u can watch 11 episodes of Desperate Housewives instead ... 
has beats so big , he's steppin ' on leprechans ! 
ok ... i just met a woman who 21 years ago purposefully had a c-section on March 17th so that her daughter would always have a parties to go to on her bday . BEST . MOM . EVER ! lol 
just realized that Jai Rodriguez is the reporter in the Telephone video . how the hell did he miss that the first 20 times he watched it ?!?! and since when is the Queer Eye Guy cute ? sidenote : Kyan is still hotter . 
how's your bracket holding up ?? LMAO !!!! 
shall be , from this day forward , known as < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > De Tramp 
new job ? i'm thinking , yes . :-D i don't even remember what the words \vacation days\ " or \ " lunch breaks\ " mean anymore ... but i'm about to find out !!! " 
might be a lesbigay for saying so ... but < PROPFEMALE > & < PROPFEMALE > are kinda the shit ... TONIGHT ! 
wonders if it's sacrilegious to be worshiping Greek gods on Easter ... 
perverse , i know ... but elian gonzalez is kinda cute 
is gonna party like tomorrow is his funeral , cuz it's < PROPFIRST > Ballinger's bday !! :-) 
wants ice cream , immediately . :-) 
promised himself he wouldn't be like every other gay and status about it ... but ... OMGlee !!! Scandal , Idina , < PROPFEMALE > as < PROPFEMALE > . :-) happy day 
it takes exactly 8 days after getting my hair cut for it to be the perfect length ... happy 8th day ! :-D 
thinks the only thing better than going to bed with a big smile on his face is waking up still smiling ... what a happy day ! 
had his family come down for a random visit this weekend . Now they are headed home . :-( had a GREAT time ! 
is not gonna lie : his new job kicks ass ! ' bout damn time he's happy again . :-) 
misses the days in elementary school when you got to have parachute activities in PE . Why is that not a common activity past the age of 8 ? :-( 
can't stop thinking about girl scout cookies ... but will have to wait another 10 months to get any ! :-( 
dreamt he was < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE>'s prom date . She wore a dress she borrowed from < PROPFEMALE > Flockhart . Then we discovered a dead body and had to solve the murder Bones-style . I seriously watch too much TV ! 
hasn't had a drop of alcohol in 4 weeks ... grab your parka , Satan 
XTina's new video is actually enjoyable . Hate to admit , but the song is growing on me . 
feels like < PROPMALE > Nolte's mugshot ... UGH ! 
is quite possibly the best facebook stalker out there . He is considering becoming a virtual private investigator . 
has met the devil and her name is < PROPFIRST > . 
met an Academy Award winning actress today ! and flipped his sh*t out !!! :-D 
my mom could kick your mom's ass ! 
somehow i think my innocent/good kid act at work was lost when my manager pointed out my hickey to all my co-workers . I officially feel trashy . 
To bingo or not to bingo ... Hamlet , that's the REAL question 
just got an awesome b . day gift from Camel . Smoking may kill ... but it also provides you really cool pop-up greeting cards and confetti 
was checking out a guy from the hotel when i realized it was a former Top Chef contestant . As i handed him his receipt , i say with a straight face \please pack your knives and go . \ " My dorkiness amuses me ... " 
is searching for the fountain of youth today . And if he gets his b . day wish , it'll be made of BudLight 
is Lost ... 
if i could never listen to another song again , i'd choose Idina Menzel & < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE>'s Poker Face to be my last ... AMAZING ! 
just woke up from his after work nap ( that started at 6 ) . WTF ? 
' s phone is DEAD ! Every time he receives a text , it shuts itself off and the text is lost in No Man's Land . :-( RIP ... 
was being hit on by the hottest guest EVER at work tonight . When said guest paid with his Amex Black Card , < PROPFIRST > decided he's moving to Michigan to be a kept man . Peace out , KC ... 
why are gay people obsessed with < PROPFEMALE > Girls ? i must have missed that memo . 
just had idea that will make him millions : alcoholic sno-cone stand ... 
made a yummy dinner , but now no one's home to enjoy it . poor planning . LOL 
is thinking about two beautiful girls on their birthday . < PROPFEMALE > Cossey and < PROPFEMALE > Cossey , you are my whole life and you will never know how much i love you ! Have a wonderful 18th , my princesses ... 
could really use a Muffin right now ! blueberry ... 
OMG !!!! drunk facebooking WORSE than drunk texting . forgive me world ... blame Ragland Road !!! 
True Blood ... nuff said ! 
believes the children are our future ... and judging from the kids next door , he says : \GOD HELP US ALL ! \"" 
pulled a b . spears and buzzed all his hair off . pretty sure he won't be seen in public for approx 6 weeks ... 
is in serious need of a pool ... but would settle for a slip-and-slide 
did not have a good day ... He thinks he will drown his sorrows in a big fat Chipotle burrito and some True Blood . Nothing is quite as smile-inducing as guacomole and vampires ... 
just found The Hills and Laguna Beach on Netflix ... and is scared of what is about to be ... 
dear < PROPFIRST > from Jersey Shore :\ 
i <3 you , even tho you got pissed off at me yesterday for not allowing you an early check-in ... < PROPFEMALE > la guido ! 
today's agenda : mow the yard , do < PROPMALE>'s laundry , help the new roomie move in , lay out , Grunauer for cocktails , < PROPFIRST>'s for bingo ... but first , power nap . 
que pasa , KC ? 
learned tonight : \beautiful doesn't equal < PROPFEMALE > cunt\ " and that \ " desperacy\ " is not a word . very educational car ride home ... " 
Schindler's Fist or How < PROPFEMALE > Got Her Tube Packed ?? decisions decisions ... 
1 week down ... 61 days to go . Project Sobriety in full effect 
had an accident with his Norelco Body Groomer ... < PROPMALE > & < PROPMALE > are fine ... but Big Bird was slightly maimed ... 
is praying to the pool party gods that all pix of him from today are miraculously deleted or photoshopped ... 
got tickets to < PROPMALE > Petty and the Heartbreakers tonight , but left them at work ... Now he's trying to decide if it's even worth getting out of the house for . 
got his tickets to go watch < PROPMALE > Roddick play on Thursday ... now to find cute tennis wear to seduce him in ... ps ... anyone else wanna go ? 
\I watched 2 Girls 1 Cup and felt hungry afterwards \"" 
?? if the shoe fits , wear it bitch ?? 
is gonna go to Worlds of Fun ... not sure how much fun it is alone ... but he'll let ya know . 
last day of vacation . SO depressing ! definitely the shortest 5 days ever . 
thinks it'd be really nice if the monthly electric < PROPMALE > was under $375 ... seriously ! 
coolest part of being an adult : french toast for dinner ! 
I'm < PROPMALE > Marceaux < PROPFEMALE > Com ... 
be advised : when checking into a hotel , it is NOT appropriate to ask for a room upgrade to \one with a hottub and a sling\ " . ( unless you're staying at the Habana Inn in OKC ) " 
it's a sad day when the highlight of your week is getting a new book at the library ... but alas : i heart sad days ! ;-) 
Hunger Games is the best book i've read in a LONG time ... i recommend it to everyone . and to whomever gets the book after me from the library : i apologize for the tear soaked pages ... 
slept 16 straight hours ... well , not so straight , but consecutive 
New phone number . 816.462.8906 . Text me with your < PROPFIRST > ... 
just had a dream he was Sales Floor Leader of the world's largest Best Buy . It made me very sad ... I miss it . Oh , nostalgia . 
\why don't you just save yourself some time and drink a vat of Magic < PROPMALE>'s blood ... \ " FAVORITED ! " 
hates Family Feud for being so damn addictive ... and for not giving me a Gaia . stupid bitch ! 
needs a back massage in the worst way . 
is debating whether doing laundry will make him more or less bored than he already is ... 
to the mid 20's girl on the side of the road : a sign that says \homeless vietnam vet\ " is probably not gonna work out so well for ya ... " 
when someone says \i think i am much cuter in person than in pictures\ " it is NOT polite to say \ " no . you're definitely not \"" 
I'm so very hot that when I < PROPMALE > your mansion , you ain't call the cops you call the fire station 
had a homeless man tell him he wanted burger < PROPMALE > , but he was afraid he'd \brown\ " his pants cuz he has IBS ... " 
Was going to wait before he said anything ... but he's just too ecstatic ... HE MET < PROPFEMALE > PALIN TODAY !!!! and he may have wet himself a lil ' bit :-D 
Why the hell would Pandora play a children's song about lice ? I know I'm eclectic , but really ?!? 
Just met < PROPMALE > Rancic ... On cloud nine . He's so beautiful !!! 
Thinks having a job ruins his social life ... He's praying to the lottery gods ... 
Large latte , warm muffin , listening to < PROPFIRST > Bjorn & < PROPFIRST > ... Life is good . :-) 
is saddened when he sees someone that is completely , unwittingly annoying . If he were that person , he'd hope someone would tell him 
taking a moment to remember an amazing guy and beautiful soul on his birthday ... we all love and miss you , < PROPFIRST > Riemann . RIP 
girls in stripper heels , boys rolling in maseratis ... what they need in this world is some love ... 
my mom just sent me a < PROPFIRST > LaMontagne video . how f'ing badass is she . <3 < PROPFIRST > lamontagne <3 <3 mommy 
Just saw The Town and loved it . Only reaffirmed that I WILL move to Boston . And marry a man that looks as hot as < PROPMALE > Afflek . 
FU , Glee ... i wasn't trying to cry tonight ! 
500 Days of Summer ... totally heartwarming and heartbreaking at the same time ; the definition of bittersweet . absolute genius . the most real movie i've seen in years . definitely makes my all time favs list ... 
You know what sucks ... Waking up at 530 , getting dolled up for work , going in at 7 only to to realize you work the AFTERNOON shift . 
In less than two months my hair should be long enough to get my eurotrash mullet . Oh impatience ... 
really wishes the girl next door had been aborted . Just sayin ' ... 
MIZ ... Beat OU !!!! ¡¡¡Hell yeah !!! 
on the < PROPFEMALE > of Halloween , the only thing i'm scared of is if Mizzou can beat out the Huskers . Guaranteed to be an amazing and stressful game . Let's go tigers !!! 
Pack your bags , Pelosi . What a beautiful wednesday morning . :-) 
is watching MTV and wondering what makes 16 year olds so fertile . 
is officially addicted to Gossip Girl . I hate you < PROPFIRST > Coulson . :-P 
loves the not-so-creative ways people have to ask if you're gay ... tonight's attempt : \so ... uh ... did you happen to watch Glee on Tuesday ? \"" 
just watched The Human Centipede with < PROPMALE > Ruble , < PROPFIRST > Olson , & < PROPFIRST > Coulson . wow ! 
That was the stupidest Glee ever . So boring ... 
Posting pix of xmas trees is the holiday equivilant of showing pictures of your kids . I don't care and Im not allowed to tell you how ugly they are . Bah humbug . 
Not to sound totally homo , but ... I'm a lil ' surprised Eminem got more grammy noms than Gaga ... 
Guilty pleasure #37 : watching the fireplace channel that plays christmas music . 
< PROPFIRST > Reynolds is single again ... what a wonderful day 
Thought Hoarders was distrurbing ... until he watched Animal Hoarders on Animal Planet 
is having a Walking Dead marathon . Do not disturb ... ;-) 
< PROPFEMALE > & Mt . Dew . White trash < PROPFEMALE > ? Nope . Comfort Inn office party ... 
When you buy the high-waters , does the arctic wolf t-shirt come with ? Or vice versa ? Cuz they always seem to be worn in conjunction . 
is at work for 16 hours , completely alone , with only 2 scheduled check-ins ... and a guest just gave him a full handle of Parrot Bay Tropical Mojito . DANGER !!!! 
remembers when he used to get the Toys-R-Us catalog and would circle 500 things he wanted . Now he has an LL Bean catalog with socks circled . Growing up sucks !!! 
is feeling pretty domestic today . Time to bake some cookies . 
A Christmas Story is EASILY the scariest movie of all time ... 
thinks he's gonna make fried chicken . 
thinks the girls of Jerseylicious giving makeup advice is like the girl from Precious giving dieting advice . Really ? 
just witnessed a woman tell her kids not to speak to her for an hour because it's her \time with the Lord . \ " I may try that the next time someone annoys me ... " 
just put in his 2 week notice . Only 19 more days in KC . Time to panic !!!! 
just made homemade gnocchi with italian sausage and roasted tomato ragu . He wishes that he had an Italian grandma so he'd make her proud ... 
left his phone at home . this will be the longest workday in history . :-( 
is watching Extreme Couponing ... and id thoroughly fascinated . Oh what a Saturday night . 
would rather be watching the Australian Open 
Good things never come from 6am phone calls 
Will Sammi go home already . Ugh ... JWoww should knock her ass out ! 
Woke up looking like the kid from Mask ... and now looks like the mummy . And he's still not the scariest looking thing on the bus 
Guest REALLY shouldn't call me a \fucking loser\ " considering its my last day . I am liable to go JetBlue on their ass !!! Don't test me . " 
is watching High School Musical , for the first time ! I'm a lil ' behind the times apparently . 
< PROPFIRST > Nominee marathon in full effect ! Black Swan , The Fighter , Winter's Bone & True Grit down . < PROPMALE>'s Speech , 127 Hours , & The Kids Are All Right up next . It'll be a long night . 
Well KC it's been an interesting 3 years . ;-) All packed and on the road . Don't miss me too much ... 
Rah rah rah rah robbed 
is still undefeated in Words With Friends . Not sure if he's a Scrabble god ... or if he needs smarter friends . ;-) lol 
Cooter punch of the day goes to Mother Nature for knocking out my satellite right before the Oscars ... 
There sure is a lot of crotch grabbing on Planet G . O . A . T ... 
Finally considered one of the employed ... Hooray . 
Spending my Friday night watching my mom get a tattoo ... That's a new experience . 
Happy birthday to the most important men in my life : my loving , dedicated , generous dad , and my beautiful , understanding , compassionate boyfriend . I love you ! 
How is anyone in Columbia supposed to concentrate knowing there is a Trops just minutes away ... 
The only sound I hate more than crying babies is chuckling pigs on Angry Birds . Curses you evil swine ! 
Even though I'm not in KC anymore , I have high hopes for the new mayor . Congrats Sly ... 
My first non-scratcher lottery ticket ever and I won the Mega Millions !!! Well , $14 of it anyway . 
My facebook feed goes into hyperdrive whenever a gay icon dies ... I pray < PROPFEMALE > never kicks it or my facebook will crash . 
The most stressful part of my job : the decision between chinese or pizza delivery ... 
< PROPFIRST > is to Giving directions as < PROPFIRST > Sheen is to winning . He pretends to be good at it , but is proven otherwise often . 
is finally in his size 30 slacks again . Adios winter weight , and see ya soon pool season . Do the pretty girl rock , rock ... 
Just got a text and was confused that I couldn't find the Like button . FB addiction has reached an all new low ... 
So ... the guy next to me in court was so drunk , he started dry heaving . Kids : obey the law . In other news , i'm a free bitch , baby . 
The next black drag < PROPFEMALE > or lil mexican boy I see is getting kicked in the face in the name of < PROPFEMALE > . Not cool , Idol ... 
Pretty sure < PROPFIRST > Abrams favorite movie is Moulin Rouge . This was the 3rd he's done from it ... 
Scream 4 with my sisters at midnight . Boy , have my Friday nights changed ...... for the better . 
Scream 4 . Hilarious . LOVE . 
Straight to LA , New York , Vegas , to Afreeka ... with a 4-hour layover in Atlanta . 
Called a guest to see how his room was , and he said completely sullen , \it's the first time in 28 years I haven't slept next to my wife . I want to go home . \ " :-( " 
Is trying to convince himself new Glee is not a good enough reason to leave work early ... but new Glee with Gwenyth ? This place can survive , right ? 
Just saw a woman in a car by herself doing the robot . So comforting to know i'm not the only one . 
In case you missed the memo : dorky is the new sexy . Don't hate me cuz I'm banterful . Do the witty girl rock , rock , rock ... 
Word of the day : Oprahcondriac ( n . ) : one who displays excessive preoccupation and worry of diseases or disorders shown on Oprah , OWN , or subsidiary shows . 
Anyone have any Nook books they will lend ? Having literary withdrawals ... 
Guest : \Can I get a new room key ? I chewed mine up and it doesnt work . \ " \ 
You know what'd be cool ? If I could decide what I wanna be when I grow up , BEFORE my 10 yr high school reunion ... Less than a year . Ugh ... 
Earlier I checked in a very hot and butch < PROPFEMALE > . He just walked in with a sewing machine and several yards of blue satin . Curious , very curious ... 
So ... i just did my semiannual STD test and the little old lady nurse says in her best crocodile < PROPMALE > voice \let's go catch us some pee . \ " And thoroughly violated me with a QTip . Awkward ! " 
I don't need a press conference , I already know what happened . It was < PROPFEMALE > . She went Xena Warrior < PROPFEMALE > on his ass . And Palin was her < PROPFEMALE > with fighting staff in hand . 
Did you know : the soldier that shot Osama is gay ? Ok ... that's not confirmed , but it'd be hilarious . :) 
I always refer to guest by name ... But when it's Mr. Knigga do you think the Customer Service Gods will < PROPMALE > me leniency ? 
Results are in . 100% devoid of all STD's . Get tested , friends . :) May the 4th be with you . 
I can't wait for the episode of 16 & Pregnant with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > from American Idol . One can dream ... 
I'll have you know ... it takes a lot of work to look like I just rolled out of bed ... 
This morning at Starbucks they asked my favorite literary character . I totally had a caramel macchiato with Hermoine Granger written on it . It's gonna be a great day . 
Modern day philosophical riddle : if a FB status is posted without a like or comment , did it really get posted 
You know you probably ordered too much Chinese for one when they deliver with 4 forks , 4 pairs of chopsticks , and 6 fortune cookies . #tubotheclown 
I have \Back Door Lover\ " from < PROPFEMALE > & the Pussycats Soundtrack stuck in my head . Equally appropriate and innapproriate . " 
The guest i just checked in must've read the question on my face , because he asked what channel Logo was on . Well played , sir ... well played . 
If I had even a shred of masculinity in me ... it was lost in the first 10 minutes of Gaga's Monster Ball : < PROPFEMALE > Square Gardens when i began crying for no reason . WTF ?!?! 
Question : when did saxophones become cool again ? Both Gaga and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST>'s new songs have a KennyG-esque instrumental break . I didn't get that memo ... 
Sitting with my daddy , home from afghanistan . :-D 
So ... I had to run to Target for my sister . I had to call her and ask her if she prefers black or nude ho's . And her stance on ho's with sheer panties . Hose ... that is . 
Was prrrftectly relaxed in a bubble bath listening to < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > Jones , until I got out to find a dead bird at my feet . Being a cat lady is hard work . 
Unicorns and glittahhh ... 
I've worked in hotels for 3 years and have never had to tell someone we overbooked their room and send them elsewhere . Of course , my second to last day , I would . #MarriottReservationsBlows 
To the 12.9% of my FB friends that acknowledged my birthday : thank you ... you made my day ! To the rest : YOU SUCK !! ;-) hehe 
Today was supposed to be my last day ... do u think since i didn't show up , they'll consider me raptured ? 
Some things that unknowingly went missing during the rapture :\ 
< PROPFIRST > Swift's vocal ability\ 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE>'s career\ 
American Idol's credentials\ 
< PROPFIRST > Lohan's dignity\ 
< PROPFIRST > Camping's credibilty 
KC friends : anyone free tomorrow to help me move a mattress ??? In dire need . Lunch will be covered for the trouble . I know a place that has the best Big Macs in the world . Have truck , need arms ... 
You know the scene in movies where the heroine hugs her knees , rocking herself to comfort in the shower , crying her eyes out ? It's been one of those days . 
Bitch murdered my mullet . I want to scream ! 
I think I'm gonna < PROPFEMALE > the 80's . I danced too hard and may have gotten whiplash . #SafetyDanceAintSoSafe #RetroLunchbreakKills 
is finally KC bound . Home again , home again . Jiggity Jig . 
19 years ago , i was given two of the most amazing gifts anyone could ever receive . You are my reason for being < PROPFEMALE > Cossey and < PROPFEMALE > Cossey . You are the light of my life . I hope this day brings you even a fraction of the happiness that you give me daily . ( no incest ! ) 
June 16th . Midnight showing of Green Lantern . AMC Mainstreet . Need a date ... 
i wanna start a male version of hooters where the guys where spandex hot pants and wife beaters . itll be called the Hostess Factory . servers shirts will say DingDongs , hosts will be Twinkies and mine will say HoHo . wanna be an investor ? 
i eat a lot of chinese ... but usually the same thing . I'm trying something new tonight and am nervous . eeek . 
Due to recent statuses by Tylor Sousley and < PROPFIRST > Spotz , I have decided to watch Power Rangers : The Movie . How this movie didn't win the < PROPFIRST > for sound-editing with their voiceovers on action scenes , one will never know . #NinetiesMakeMeNostalgic #IvanOozeForPrez 
what the f*@& ???? does anyone else what Game of Thrones ? The most recent episode is BLOWING MY MIND !!! * gasp * 
don't hate me home owners association . i meant to mow ... but the pool and Marys called . 
I want an ass just like < PROPFEMALE > Minaj . #KardashiansWho ? 
is extremely excited to see < PROPMALE > Ruble tonight , and < PROPFIRST > Reynold in tights ... HEAVEN 
just woke up from a dream that i st < PROPMALE > ed a business that only sold protest < PROPMALE > against vaginal births . All of the items were made of organic materials but spoke of the horrors of natural birth . Subconscious me has awful business plans and hates vagina . 
< PROPFIRST > Clemons dead ?? Do you think it's related to the bad acceptance of the Edge of < PROPFEMALE > video ? #GayMafiaStrikesAgain 
is quickly realizing that the enrollment process for school is far more daunting and challenging than the actual course work . ugh . i loathe you financial aid office . 
i have decided it is time to embrace my belly ... if you don't like it , i'll direct you to a hundred guys with a less attractive face and far less conversation skills . #SeeYaAtTheBuffet #FatBottomGirlsMakeTheRockinWorldGoRound 
If ONE more taken man tries to get on me I'm gonna flip my shit . Seriously ?!? As if I don't feel worthless enough that someone actually wants to be with you and i'm alone , you have to degrade me by expecting me to be a secret . #LorenaBobbitHadItRight #MenSuck 
is sending good vibes to < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > on his last day of his Masters program . Hopefully I can be there myself soon enough . #ProudAndJealous :) 
worst part of not driving : leaving ur house keys at work after the buses stop running , when ur roommates gone and his phone is off and having to scale a 6ft window to get into ur house while cops drive by . ugh . note to self ... lock this f*ing window and keep ur keys on you . 
to the asshole that stole my bike : i hate you ; it's beautiful and i wanna ride today . if i ever see you i'm gonna shove a stick in the wheel while you ride by . you couldn't've taken the pretty pink one with purple streamers next door . :( \ 
sidenote : i may soon come into posession of a pretty pink bike with purlpe streamers 
True Blood was kinda a let down . But thanx to HBO Go ... i'm watching episode 2 , hoping for redemption 
holy hot mailman , batman . 
I couldnt sleep so I randomly spent the last 4 hours in a French chatroom . Can I just say ... they get my humor . And are happy to talk about < PROPFEMALE > Montana for 30 minutes . I think I'm moving . \ 
\ 
In other news \putain\ " is french for \ " whore . \ " Don't ask me how I learned this .. " 
i would checkin a gay in a I <3 Boys tshirt only to find a booger crusted to my face when he walked away . You got me again universe ... 
Weaves , Jesus , and Strawberry Desperation ! it doesn't need explaining to those that actually matter to me . 
things ive learned from having a straight roommate :\ 
-there are literally hundreds of brands of protein powder\ 
-don't leave your flat iron out or girls get jealous\ 
-sraight porn is loud\ 
-the sounds of Madden on PS3 are quite energetic\ 
-waking up to death metal is never pleasant , no matter the time of day\ 
-disposable cups are far easier than running the dishwasher\ 
-toilet paper should be bought in bulk 
I probably have more FB friends than I need ; so to help eliminate some , I'm going to start commenting corrections on every misspelled post . Eventually people will start deleting me , and I won't have to decide on cuts . Let the obnoxious antics begin ... 
best autocorrect of the day : \ 
\Well ... one in the hand is worth two in the butt . \ " \ 
Just took a cab home . The cab driver offered me a deal : If I correctly guessed his age in 5 guesses : $5 off ; 43 on my first guess . If I guessed his nationality , $5 off ; Algeria on the 3rd guess . If I sang CORRECTLY all the lyrics to Irreplaceable by Beyonce , $5 off . $25 cab ride whittled down to $10 . and that kids , we call GAY BARTERING . btw ... he was SO HOTT !! 
NO MORE Criminal Minds before bed . That was an F'd up dream . I'm still shaking . :-( 
I've decided to make it Facebook Official : I'm quitting smoking . Now I will sit and stare at this status for 15 minutes to decide if I actually wanna Share it and make it fact ... 
is anyone on Google+ yet ??? because i really cant figure it out 
I like to play Six Degrees of Separation of Dating in KC ... but it always seems 2 degrees or less . Where's the fun ? #ItPutsTheHoInHomo 
I thought I stepped in gum : bad day . \ 
Upon further inspection , my rubber soles had melted to the pavement : worse day . 
I've decided to break down and watch < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > of the Desert for the first time . I'm losing every lil ' shred of masculinity I cling to ... 
Its mornings like this I am glad I don't have anyone to wake up next to . No one should be subjected to this roadkill that is resting on my head . 
Im waiting for the bus while listening to Lil Waybe , and I see a big black man with a full grill pull up in a pale blue mini cooper listening to Enya . Clearly today is Break Stereotype Day ... 
Dear Tummy , \ 
Why do u hurt so bad ? I may not treat you the best all the time , but come on : it could be worse ; you could be your sister Liver . Please feel better soon , so I can have a somewhat enjoyable trip today . \ 
Sincerely , \ 
< PROPFIRST > 
Best part of working night audit : watching the bride-to-be from a bachelorette party getting caught by the groom-to-be making out with a random hottie in the stairwell . Drama insueth !!! 
I planned on getting a haircut today and was gonna cut it all off , but I just had a guest tell me I have \amazing hair . \ " . Now I'm torn . Ugh . " 
Eating at a place called Curry in a Hurry was probably not my best idea in 100 degree weather . How can one sweat this much . Ewww 
Heres the deal : the next person that gets mad at me for not accepting a credit card over the phone without me being able to see the card to verify , i'm gonna go ahead and take that number then call in to 1.800 . Zapatos and buy be some new shoes . What part of \i need to verify your identity before i can just run ur card\ " do people not understand ???? " 
It's probably a good thing gays can't marry : I'd be the next < PROPFEMALE > Taylor ... or J . Lo ... 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is the best roomie ever ! #GreyGoose #GuitarHero 
I spent 2 1/2 hours today looking for cute white undies , to no avail . This makes me incredibly sad !!! 
how can it take me 2 hours to pack for a clothing optional resort ? #gayboyproblems 
Last night I dreamt I stole a unicorn from < PROPFEMALE > Moss . 1 ) I love my subconscious 2 ) Why is this not real life ? 
I hate unexpected knocks on the door : I never know if it'll be the Prize Patrol or the Police . 
Bitches is CRAZY ! Just sayin ... 
Judging by the last two weekends and the makings of this one ... i'm thinking \party with Justin\ " wouldve been on < PROPFEMALE > Winehouse's bucket list ... " 
Being called at 4am to take care of drunks and 3 separate pools of vomit only to work until 11pm ... its a good thing I dont have alcohol in ny office 
Just figured it up : in the last 7 days I've worked 84 hours . FML ! 
If God didn't love homos ... why did he make ' em so pretty ?? 
Somewhere in Kansas City at this very moment < PROPFEMALE > is dancing around a hotel room in Sketchers Shape-Ups , rainbow tights , and drinking a tall boy . At least thats how i imagine it ... 
You know when you see someone ugly dating someone completely out of their league and you ask \how did THAT happen\ " ? I aspire to be that person . " 
So there is a toddlers & tiaras style \Cutie Patooty\ " pageant at my hotel and a camera crew is here filming from OWN . Is it wrong to be a total diva bitch and act crazy so they film me and maybe I'll get a clip on The Soup ?? " 
Help ! I found an abandoned kitten today that isnt yet weened . All the rescues i called are full and i am not home enough to take care of it . Anyone want a kitten that is willing to bottle feed it ?? 
First day of school ... far less exciting than it used to be . 
Why are the dumbest ones in class also always the loudest ?? Grrr 
Was just offered a ticket to the ballet grandopening event tomorrow ... but I'm working . FML !!! 
I'm in line to get an HIV test at school :\ 
A ) a guy just cut me in line ... rude\ 
B ) said individual is on Grindr as we speak ... counterproductive ? \ 
C ) there is a dildo to demonstrate how to put on a condom and a girl just shoved it in her purse ... no words ! 
There is a sign posted at school that the day of my informative speech is \Talk Like A Pirate Day . \ " I think I'm going to test my teacher's level of humor and playfulness ... \ 
A little girl is walking through my lobby with a 2 ft suffed carebear . Her mom turns and says \What are you doing ? Where did you find that ? You can't just go picking up random big bears ! \ " I think to myself \ " why can't this woman follow drunk me around Missies and remind me of this rule ? \"" 
Labor Day is meant to celebrate the economic and social contributions of workers in < PROPFEMALE > . It only makes since someone wouldnt show up and I am forced to work a double today . Alanis Morissette : THIS is what ironic means . 
I believe in the man of my dreams ... but I'm too busy to sleep so I can't find him 
is typing this message from his new laptop ... thanx Dad !!! :-) 
So ... I have procrastinated on writing my speech to find a topic that I would actually be considered credible in ; Today it was decided this speech would be on beer . I feel a big A in my near future . 
I just received an email from a guest with a rooming list for her group reservation . One of the names on it reads simply \Tubby . \ " Honestly ? He travels with you and you don't know a name ? Just that he has a fat ass ?? " 
I just said a prayer : \God 
The Random Shuffle Gods have played me < PROPFEMALE > Simpson , Lil < PROPFIRST > , the Alphabeats , Miley , & The White Stripes this morning . I'm pretty sure this is going to be the best day of my life ! 
i need more friends ! i wanna go out and i have sat for an hour wondering who to call . i wish the ghostbusters were real , i'd call them to party 
Dear Day Off , \ 
You were so close to fruition . I love you , but am tired of you standing me up . Perhaps another time . \ 
Your admirer from afar . 
Only at Penn Valley is being in jail an acceptable excuse for missig 2 weeks of class . I feel my inner-city college experience is only to build my street cred . 
Took my first history exam in 8 < PROPFEMALE > flat . Debated waiting to turn in it so I didnt look like a smart ass ... but who are we kidding ? 
Facebook just suggested I friend < PROPMALE > ... like Myspace < PROPMALE > . I find this disconcerting . Is < PROPFIRST > Zuckerberg that big a douche ?? 
i am really supposed to be writing my history essay , but instead i'm color coordinating my underwear drawers . #GayBoyProblems #ProcrastinationAtItsBest 
impromptu date night with the wifey , then drinks with one of my besties . i forgot how great a social life is ... 
Go with the flow , and never say no 
i have 10 chapters to read for my econ class , but i also have a whole season of Gossip Girl to catch up on . why ... must i be so gay ? :-/ 
monday i woke up at 6am ... go to class , then straight to work . work for 18 hours then head directly back to class on tuesday . after class , i go back to work ... nap for 4 hours , then work another 12 hour shift , only to go back to class at 8am wednesday ... then back to work for another 8 hour shift . can someone please : a ) find me more staff b ) bring me Starbucks tomorrow c ) shoot me ? 
< PROPFIRST > + Precious + 4am = a snotty , tear-soaked mess at the front desk 
i'm convinced that cloning is the answer to all of my problems : i would hire a bunch of me's; i would have a me that goes to school ; and have a me to date . 2011 is far less cool than the movies of yore made it look . :-( 
HELP :\ 
i need to write a persuasive speech convincing my class to do something . gimme a topic , please ! 
being downtown the night of the enrigue/pitbull concert makes me feel left-out that i don't have Sharpie eyebrows . I wanna be a chola ! 
is Apple the new crack ? people are acting like having to wait for iPhone5 is gonna send them into withdrawals . #ItsJustADamnPhone 
a group of drunk guests just walked up to me and one said \I bet you know where the faggot convention is . \ " I responded \ " Yup . And I tell ya if you tell me where the redneck asshole convention is . \"" 
you go , < PROPFIRST > Coco . 
I walk into Scooters and they have my Iced Caramelicious with an extra shot waiting . The barista said she saw me walking up the street . I would be sad by my predictability except that I get to skip the line . #CaffeineAddiction 
I'm at work and I just said to myself \UGH . I really don't wanna have to do interviews today . \ " Then I remember I'm in school for Human Resources ... Hmm ... " 
just downloaded Skype ... i feel so 21st C . 
forget winning ... I've already won . 
my mom just wished me a Happy Spirit Day . glad to be loved , and to be able to love who i love . 
someone just asked my workout routine because i look like i've gained muscle . WIN ! unfortunately i had to tell them it was just fat because i really like the cookies they sell at school . FAIL ! :-/ 
pet peeve of the day : when people give an enumerated list of thoughts where their points are all the same ( eg- \One i was just having a good time ; two i was being fun ; three it was a party\ " That's the same argument !!! " 
If Mizzou leaves the Big 12 , am I still allowed to hate KU ? I sure hope so ... 
a little girl just asked a homeless man \do people pee on you ? \ " he said \ " no . \ " she asked \ " then why are you stinky ? \ " he said \ " because i don't have a home . \ " she said \ " i'd find a river . \ " her parents were mortified . i thought \ " this girl is AMAZING !!! \"" 
got all the way to work only to find out im off today . now what to do ? 
Cooter Punch of the Day goes to : my skanky bitch of a sociology teacher . How can you make an A on both exams and on all the homework and get a B in the class ??? 
not sure who was on my laptop last , but they left a link up to buy tickets to Demi Lavato at the Midland . Thanx for the idea , mysterious laptop user ... tix ordered ... 
i need a gently used blow up doll . help . ( for Halloween of course ) 
im gonna be < PROPFIRST > Anthonys baby for Halloween . i won't be at any of the parties ... too soon ? 
is writing a gay rights speech . i'm channeling my inner-homo , though i'm trying to figure how that differs from any other night ... 
i must say i love my predictive text ... it knows me so well . for instance : if i type \there are so many\ " it fills in the word \ " faggots . \ " and if i type \ " i love\ " it fills in \ " unicorns \"." 
today i learned that 4 of the 5 classes i'm in were offered as 8 week classes instead of 16 . needless to say , i'm very upset . 
i love on tv shows when two people meet and within 2 episodes it's like they've always been together . why can't i live that life ? skip the search , dates , and go straight to relationship . i think Gossip Girl is giving me a warped sense of reality ... 
just saw a personalized license plate that said \HORCRUX\ " . amazing !!!!! <3 " 
\The important part is not the object of love 
i gave my speech on Human Rights today . 100% . she said it was the only time she's ever given that grade . who knew i was so good orally ?? 
do you ever get scared when typing someone's name in the search bar that you are actually posting it to the update status bar ? and that everyone will know who you are facebook stalking ? or maybe i just have an irrational fear of being caught ... 
so i was sitting in the library at school ... and i open an email to myself from my phone that was supposed to be a political science paper . instead it was a pic that inadvertantly exposed myself to the whole room . note to self : always use the subject line ... #gayboyproblems 
everytime someone demands to see my manager i am tempted to walk into the back , turn around , come back out , and say \hi . is there something i can help you with ? \ " read my f'ing nametag bitch ... now don't you wish you had been nice to me ? " 
it never ceases to amaze me how quickly i can go from having a day off to working a 16 hour shift . :-( 
if global warming gives us days like this in mid-november , i am happy with my part in the destruction of the world . #poolsoverparkas 
the man sitting in front of me has his ipod up so loud i can hear thru his earbuds . he's listened to Defying Gravity from Wicked , the White Stripes , & Shania Twain . I think I've found my musical soulmate . 
things i love about KC today : being randomly asked to DJ a private party ( with strippers ) because I was listening to Motivation by < PROPFIRST > Rowland in the school cafeteria , witnessing a fight between a bus driver and a woman with a newborn baby complete with cops , homeless men locking themselves in my bathroom and refusing to come out , receiving a FB message from a local man saying \i never wanna see your face EVER again\ " to which i reply \ " i'm sorry ... but i have no idea who you are . \ " is it a full < PROPFEMALE >?" 
probably not a good sign when you tell you're mom you are going to take a weight training class and she laughs ' til she cries for 2 minutes straight . :-/ < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > 
home from a weekend with the family . its like coming down from a high . my face hurts from laughing so much , my belly hurts from eating so much , and my heart hurts from loving so much . i can't explain my gratitude for being born into a group of such amazing people . 
i'm not a bitch . i just have low tolerance for people 
I am thankful for having a job ... but I wish it was one I didn't have to work 16 hours on Thanksgiving . :( 
so ... i've gone 3 days without a cigarette . have left all my money at home so as not to be tempted to purchase any . now i just had a cab driver bring me a pack ( of my brand ) as a thank you for all the business i send him ... and am DYING . ugh !!!! 
is thankful for some of the best friends i've ever had : people that accept and love me uncoditionally and aren't forced to by genetics . who needs a man with friends like these ? 
