Life , < PROPFEMALE > , and the pursuit of .... fried chicken ?? WTF ? 

Folloiwing the lead of a cosimc jewish zombie . lol 
New fone ! Woot ! 
Its hot .... its muggy .... work is gonna suck 
Pondering unquantifiable quanderies of unfatthomable preportions 
Wondering why he even bothers to wake up .... 
If someone had given me the choice .. with full disclosure .. I would have chose not to be born . Suck a fat one u pro-life dicks 
Today was one of THOSE days ... tomorrow isn't looking much better . Some days life just sux 
Is now a Mighty Medicine roadie .... woot ! 
I've got a lovely bunch of coconuts ........ eww , coconut 
What would YOU do for a klondike bar ? 
Hell of a bash last night . The wedding was awesome . Congratulations < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > ! 
<--- Need to learn when to keep his freaking mouth shut 
Would it be worse to always suffer ? Or be numb to it and never know joy either ? 
In life , we all walk the ' razors edge ' . But r we the ppl that try to save ourselves or ppl that cut our feet to stay on that edge to save others ? 
< PROPFIRST > Reynolds will be playing the test pilot < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > . The saga begins ..... I can't contain my excitment !!!! 
They say when life gives u lemons make lemonade .... but what do u do when it gives u moldy bread ? 
Think I may have my AIT's picked out ... anybody wanna give their 2 cents ? I'm open for comment ... 
When a person dreams people say ' reach for the stars ' , but when a dreamer dreams they tell him to get his head out of the clouds 
Ugh ... 
There are days that the world seems against u ..... and then there are days that the universe craqps in ur hat 
Always the wrong thing with the best intentions , or the right thing for the wrong reasons .... somebody get me off this damn < PROPFEMALE > -go-round ... I'm not < PROPFEMALE > ... 
Hey ! To all those I have been trying to get a hold of .... and failing ... I fixed my # in my profile . Give me a jingle . Id like to see most of u b4 I am gone ... 
People always ask u to say what u mean and mean what u say .... Then why is it that they always don't want to hear what u have to say ? 
Can't get a windfall . Can't fall flat on my face so I can get up . I need to find my center ... 
It's All-Hallows < PROPFEMALE > . In leiu of my normal celebrations , it's time for me to take care of something that is long over-do .... 
My own mother forwarded me an email that basically told me I was cursed with bad luck . What the hell . Fml 
Has anyone ever wondered why its SaturDAY night and not Saturnight ?? 
Making banana bread is a smelly process , but man will it b good 
RARHH !!! The is no frustration in the world like sexual frustration . I hate this feeling .... anybody care to help ?!? 
It's good to know I'm not alone in the way I feel today . It's also good to know that not all my friends are feeling this way . Here's to better experiences . 
Having a frustrating morning . Wondering why some people don't bother getting a hold of me ... also wondering why my phone won't let me post on the group page .. grr 
Had a great time today . Thanks all for your input today , I feel more at ease with myself . Thanks again and much love 
Feeling good people . Life maybe not be perfect , but it is good . 
<----- wonders why others are concerned with my experiences rather then their own 
\Brain-bag 2.0 " 
Happy turkey day all . I may not give thanks in the same manner as everybody else but I still give it . Many thanks and much love to all .... even those of you that think I don't like you . 
< PROPFIRST > Spicey Weiner , do you copy ? 
I should have my internet privlages revoked after a certain point in the day ..... but if that were true , when would I have time to browse internet porn .. :D 
Much rather wake up , eat a coffee cake\ 
Take bath , take nap 
omgzor . wtf . somebody hacked and changed my profile and stuff . not cool . 
Been so sick the last two days that I havent even been able to get off the couch for more then going to the bathroom , or refilling my water cup . This shit blows .... 
Wow . Searching the internet and talking to people with ' medicine head ' is fun . I think i'd rather just be on drugs ... 
God . This feeling is crapily amazing . Everytime I got to these waking down meetings I feel so alive and aware ( which is kinda the point , I guess ) , but my brain always feels like someone tried to melt it 
The melting feeling in my brain is gone after a good nights sleep and some coffee . Fun times watching < PROPFEMALE > . Glad she finally went down for a nap . Hopefully her dad will get up sometime soon so I can get smokes ... 
hey < PROPFIRST > its < PROPMALE > you left this signed in at coreys so i sent a friend request cause i didnt know your last name 
Omg . I wish they would get back soon . I'm hungry and I need cigarettes ... 
2 days away . Damn its here again . The worst time of the year . And to all of you christmas people out there , I don't care about it , it sux , leave me be . Bah Hum Bug . 
Before all hell breaks loose\ 
Before the Hangmans Noose . \ 
And as the sun goes down , I'll say\ 
\It a good day to die\ " -Devil Driver " 
Bored as hell . Facebooking it up during raids . Somebody hit me up with something to do . FYI my phone is off right now 
I'd rather have my blood sucked out leeches\ 
Shove an ice pick under a toe nail or too\ 
I'd rather clean all the bathrooms in Grand Central Station\ 
With my tongue .... then spend ... one more minute ... with you . 
Cold , hungry , frustrated , and alone . These days seem to blend together sometimes . fl 
<--- Wondering if the people around him will ever start to wake up . May not be there yet , but IS working on it . 
Omg . Was trying to help < PROPFIRST > get < PROPFEMALE > to sleep , so I lied down and said it was quiet time . I just woke up , it's been 4 hrs and everyone had passed out . < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , and me . lol 
It always seems like the things I want to say the most are always the hardest to say . 
Dammit !! I wish people would understand when I care and get the clue when I don't . For those of you who are not sure which one you are , realize that at some point you are both . I have a grumpy , my apologizes . Much love all . 
I am so worn right now . Damn mantience guy , cutting into my sleep like that . We found the problem tho . Water heater is leaking . Hoping its the in-line . Then it will be cheap ( although not easy ) to fix . Time for me to go home and help my mom , tho . Hope < PROPFIRST > isn't gonna need my help . Tired and cranky describes my feeling , but not my attitude . This is so weird , yet so right . 
That wasn't sleep , so much as a nap . Gonna watch a movie and try to fall asleep during it . All in all , tonight was a good night . Still trying to feel more of that awareness . I wish everyone could expereince this thing we call divine humanity . I have seen so little of it and I am still amazed at what I have seen . 
Spent the day helping mom around the house , the evening watching movies with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > , and the evening playing DDO with < PROPMALE > . Not an exciting day , but I got a lot done and I had fun . All in all , a good day . Night all . 
Please copy and paste this into your status if you know someone , or have been affected by someone , who needs a punch in the face . People who need a punch in the face affect the lives of many . There still is no known cure for people who need a punch in the face , except a punch in the face . 93% of people won't re-post this ..... Why ? Because they probably need a punch in the face 
Fell out early last night . Didn't realize that I was so tired . It's good day to get started early , I guess . 
Describing this feeling is difficult at best , impossible at worst . My best shot at it is that it's like having a car battery attached to ur tongue while standing in a pool of cool water with no shoes . Is that bad ? Only if you take it literally . 
Just a friendly reminder to those that are interested , the WMD group is meeting this Saturday at 1 . Those of you who said you were interested will get a message from me the day of as a further reminder . 
Holy Shit ! Excuse my crass language , but it seems like everyone I know is in a tight spot or has a family member in the hospital . I would love to send messages to each of to let you know that my best wishes are with you , but I don't have that much time to spend on Facebook . If you are one of these people , this post IS for you . 
The Waking Down group went well today . Got to see < PROPFIRST > ( Good to see u again , < PROPMALE > ) , and I got to share this experience with my mom of all people . Total awesomeness . If I only I could share this with everybody .... 
Started dinner for mom . Checked Facebook . Listening to a little music before I go to meditate . Keep my mind on today and it will be good . 
< PROPFEMALE > ALERT *** STOP PLAYING FOR A MINUTE-COPY AND REPOST ! 3 YR OLD BOY TAKEN BY MAN IN ROCHESTER MI DRIVING 2006 MITSUBISHI ECLIPSE . PLATE #98B351 REPOST NOW !!!!! I hope to see this repeated on this < PROPFEMALE > many many times , a child is in DANGER ! 
It's Monday . Ummm ..... Yup 
Not exactly how to communicate what's going on ... all I know is that some time in the next couple of days I have to do something that I really don't want to do . Why do nessacary things have to be so damn hard ? 
Think I ate some angry cantolope . It feels like it is punching my stomach from the inside . O , cantalope , why do I love you so ? 
Monsters and ghosts are real . They live in side us . And sometimes they win . - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
If you believe that ignorance is bliss , then do not seek enlightenment .... It ruins the ride 
3/28 This year . Battle Creek , MI . Disturbed . Nuff said 
It's one of THOSE days again . Woke up , looked in the mirror and said \I would like to punch that shit head in the throat .... \"" 
Woke up kind of blah today . Not sure if it's good or bad . Well , off to donate and try to hold presence . We'll see how this goes 
Feel worn and beaten today . More here mentally than I was yesterday . Still feel like crap . Hope I'm not getting sick . 
Woke up today to find out that I am indeed getting sick . That explains this \off\ " feeling I've been having . Still got things that need to be taken care . Didn't get anything that I wanted to do yesterday done . Time to try again today . " 
:/ 
There are days that I would like nothing more than to pour my thoughts out for everyone to see , but then I think of the people I would have to hurt in order for that to work .... and I hesitate 
Shit ... after the shit I have heard this week I want to strangle 1/4 of my friends , another 1/4 needs to be slapped , 1/4 of you guys the jury is still out on .... and for the remainder , I love you guys . 
Another day of expecting things to happen , hoping I'll get some things sorted ... and yet here I am , these negative feelings bouncing around in my head , with nothing to show for it except bitter disappoint . Why do I keep doing this expecting things to change . Why do expect you to notice I hard I try at keeping this sinking ship afloat ? Fuck ... 
I must appoligize for my harsh ranting , last night . I allowed myself to be pulled into a train of thought that stemed from my anger at my own inaction . I plan to resolve this tonight , as I had hoped to last night . Anyone that would like to talk to me about this , plz do so tomorrow , because if I want to talk about it tonight , I will call you . 
You and I wake up in a psychiatric < PROPMALE > together . Using 4 words , what would you say to me ? Note : If you comment , you must copy and paste this to your status , so I may comment on yours as well .. Be a good sport and play along ... 4 words iss harder than you think ......! 
Feeling kinda ' meh ' today . Things didn't go as planned yesterday . Guess that's my own fault though . Could use today to try again . 
I now have Skype . Adambomb1982 
On my way to the Pub . < PROPFEMALE > Pub that is . You could try calling me , but who knows if I'll notice once I'm there . Come up and see me ! 
Roll , roll , roll a joint\ 
Twist it at the end ! \ 
Take a puff , that's enough\ 
Pass it to a friend 
I need someone to < PROPFEMALE > out with . U know the number . Hit me up . 
Well , apparently talking to people in private is not working . So I guess if I tell everyone then there won't be any confusion . I tried to talk to you , I wanted to look you in the eye when I told you that I couldn't be your friend anymore . I wanted to explain why I felt that way . 
I'm confused ... someone help me out here . I posted MY feeling on Facebook , granted they revolve around another person . They are upset that I posted this here , saying that I had no right , that it was too personal for them . Someone help me out here and connect the dots for me 
A 15 year old girl holds her 1 year old son ; people call her a slut . But no one knows she was raped at 13 . People call a girl fat ; no one knows she has a serious disease that causes her to be overweight . People call an old man ugly ; no one knows he had a serious injury to his face while serving our country in Vietnam . Re-post this if your against bullying and stereotyping !!!! I bet none of you will post this ... 
Just realized that I am still struggling with my thoughts and emotions revolving around certain issues . I am concerned that am losing my resolve that I need to do this . Is it bad that I just want this to be over and try to move on with my life ? 
Damn , what a full day . Riddled with joy and sadness , hope and despair , concern and compassion . Tomorrow promises many more challenges . I hope this love that I feel will < PROPFEMALE > me through again . 
I agreed to meet with someone to talk about our issues , but rather than resolve them it has put off and it seems that the other person is entering the same patterns that got us here in the first place . I know that to be compassionate and show this person that I DO care is the thing I should do , but at some point you have to say enough . 
Helped mom move some stuff . Got the my wet stuff out of the basement . Almost everything is ready to be moved . Today was a good day . Sounds like there is more to be coming my way soon .... 
; alsdkfjpaw ojfpoawkej f ; klsamf 
U.S.A. Homeless go without eating . \ 
U.S.A. Elderly go without needed medicines . \ 
U.S.A. Mentally ill go without treatment . \ 
U.S.A. Troops go without proper equipment . \ 
U.S.A. Veterans go without benefits they were promised . \ 
Yet we donate billions to other countries before helping our own first . Have the guts to re-post this . 1% will re-post and 99% Won't have the Guts . I'm a 1% 
Please put this on your status if you know someone or are related to someone who suffers from stupidity . People need to understand that stupidity is real and should be taken seriously . You could be sitting next to a sufferer right now . There is no cure for stupidity and sympathy doesn't help . But together , we can raise awareness . 93% won't repost this because they don't know how to copy and paste . 
Awesome day at the park today . It was for < PROPFEMALE>'s birthday , but there was grilling and hanging out too . Git sunburnt for sure . 
Did you know that those who appear to be really strong .. really are the most sensitive ? Did you know that those who spend all their time protecting others ... sometimes really need someone to protect them ? Did you know that three of the hardest things to say are : I love you , I'm Sorry &\ 
Help me ?? Put it on your status if you agree . 
My ! What a full day it was . I didn't do anything that I had planned for today , but it was just as productive . Got a work horse < PROPFIRST > now !! (Sorry , it's for work only purposes ) Tomorrow gonna try to plate and insure it ! 
The < PROPFIRST > is road capable !! plated and insured . all that's left is to return the borrowed car and have myself taken back to pick it up ! 
Oy ! I am not sure what is going on today . Yesterday was such a great and productive day , went to bed with a good feeling , woke up feeling like all the things that I wasn't able to think about or process correctly all hit me ! 
