OK , so it's a new year , big deal . Why the big celebration ? Imagine if we did this for every new month .... 5 .. 4 .. 3 .. 2 .. 1 .. Happy February ! or every week .... 5 .. 4 .. 3 .. 2 .. 1 .. Happy Monday !... OK , that one may suck , but it might make going back to work every week a little more fun . 

Thanks for all of the well wishes . Lots of former River Grove alumni ! Hope to see all of you at RTS on Saturday ( I think that's where the whopping 3 of us have decided on ! ) . I'm going to celebrate my birthday on Saturday either way , hopefully it's with a bunch of old friends . If not , I guess < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > and I are going to have to drink enough for about 75 or so former RG class of 86 graduates ? Thanks again to all ! 
Drank & listened to the nightly piano player in the absolute oldest bar in the country , Lafitte's Blacksmith Bar . Over 300 yrs old . Most of the interior has no electricity & is lit by candles . Posted some pics in my New Orleans pics folder . 
Finally home from New Orleans . Good to be back , but really loved it there . Updated all of my pics & added some new ones . VERY cool city . I will make it back , soon . Hope we get some more work there so I can get back sooner than waiting for vacation ! Now I need to post some pics from my actual vacation ( No , New Orleans wasn't my vacation ! ) and then on to the soon to be famous Annual DBK Draft Party ! What a month ! 
Life is good ... Very busy week at work with a couple all nighters , but we landed another job in Louisiana , a $37 M new school in Plaqumines Parish , so it's all worth it ... looks like another trip to New Orleans is in the near future ! 
Draft party on Saturday ( fun fun , fun ! ) , in New Orleans Sunday night for a week , back in < PROPFIRST > cago for Labor Day Weekend ... one night in my bed , one night in my bed at the summer home and then it's back to New Orleans for another week ... The hard part I think is going to be going from 90 degrees in NO to 60 here in < PROPFIRST > back to 90s .... 
One bird stuffed , cajun bird rubbed , table set , house clean ... Just need to put one bird in the oven and the other in the fryer later and all the little side dishes . Well , I guess it's Miller time for now ... breakfast of champions .... ( It's gotta be 5 o'clock somehwere ! ) besides , you have barley , wheat .... it's gotta be just about as good for you as a fiber bar , right ? Right ? Happy Thanksgiving everyone ! 
Today the inlaws will be over for Thanksgiving . So today I am thankful for water , malt , hops , and yeast ..... fermented grapes ... and fermented agave juice ... just kidding in laws , well most of you ! 
