Can't wait to go hiking today <3 

went 5.9 - 6.3 < PROPMALE > on radnor lake trails today . Fun ! 
Mufflers arrive tonight . Friday off , woot ! Beautiful outside today . Ate down at < PROPFIRST > McGuiness . Shepards Pie . mmm , tasty veggies ! 
Some days just don't work out like you planned . 
far too tired to be working today . 
Hasn't been feeling well the past few days , and today isn't going to be much better . 
I've had better days , and people keep bothering me about why I'm so quiet . Why must people poke the bear ? I just want to go home and be left alone . 
Had a great evening last night ; and got the yard mowed today in 1hr . Yaay ! 
had an awesome day and evening ! Just a little Yuengling in me . 
\But inside of me there are words waiting to come out . \"" 
My facebook has been oddly quiet lately . 
Playing with my new droid ... woot this is awesome ! 
sweet . we got digs for ROTR ! Looking forward to this . So drunk right now . lol . 
Started Paxil and allergy-meds today . :( 
is all packed for Rock on the Range ! WOOT ! 
got rid of his tickets for ' roo and suffered minimal loss . Whooo ! Now I got to figure out what I'm going to do for my six day vacation . 
I'm going somewhere , but I don't know where . I figured I'd find out when I got there . 
Going to < PROPFEMALE > beach ! Yay ! 
Made it to NC trying to get to SC\ 
Some seriously twisty roads here ! 
Made it to < PROPFEMALE > beach ! Its raining :( 
\Only a life lived for others is worth living . \ " - a.e. " 
Is suffering < PROPMALE > sunburn and listening to citizen cope 
I'm afraid of being worthless . I try so hard to be apart of the lives of others . To be important to them as they are to me . Worthy . Valuable . I've only done things to make that impossible . I can't help going through each day knowing that if I was gone I would have no lasting positive effects on the world or those around me . Would I be just a faint memory ? 
Goodbye < PROPFEMALE > beach ! 
Is hanging out at the tin roof tonight . 
Well a son's gonna rise in a mile\ 
\ 
In a mile\ 
You'll be feeling fine\ 
In a mile you will see\ 
After me\ 
You'll be out of the dark , yeah\ 
You'll get your shot 
Is off to go rock climbing ! 
AC failing on my house . 85f inside when I got home at 1130pm . \ 
Pulled spare window unit from the garage to make it through the night . :( life is treating me odd 
has fuck-all to do this weekend and no plans :( Bored < PROPFIRST > is bored . 
Wants a family of his own 
Protip : if you're trying to hide from the popo ... strong Cologne is not going to help you . 
Do you feel loved ? Serious question . Family doesn't count , is there someone you know , or someone you're close to , that makes you feel like they would truely , deeply mourn losing you ? Do they make you feel loved every day , or at least try to ? Please share . 
-2 \friends\ " today from my list . I'm the only dude on Facebook who's list is shrinking . " 
son of a bitch lawnmower gave up on me . what crap . 
When you go see ' Inception ' , bring your thinking cap . Holy crap it's a good movie . 
When I’m weak I draw strength from you \ 
And when you’re lost I know how to change your mood \ 
And when I’m down you breathe life over me \ 
Even though we’re < PROPMALE > apart we are each others < PROPFEMALE > 
SMILE , DAMMIT ! 
growing my hair out again , this time a big manly UNIX beard , too . Brb . 
think I'm gonna stay home today . been sick all weekend . no bueno . :( 
Almost forgot about traffic school at 730 tonight . That would have been bad mmmkay . 
Had an awesome night with friends on the town in Nashville . Didn't crash till 4AM x_X 
So my boss rang my cell as I was walking into work half an hour late to bitch at me for not calling him while I was in a figh t-t o-the-death battle with Nashville Traffic . Blah . 
Movies I want to see :\ 
Never Let Me Go\ 
Let Me In\ 
The Social Network 
It's amazing how I set off to do one thing in the morning , and by the afternoon I'm way off on something entirely different ; with that first thing being put on some burner somewhere . It's like trying to < PROPFEMALE > pictures in a house that's intermittently catching fire and burning down . 
Long time customer of Summit Racing Equipment . Placed a last-minute order at 4:45 PM on Friday ... I come back home after a busy morning just a few minutes ago . What's sitting on my door step ? A box of < PROPFEMALE > and goodness with Summit Racing written all over it . These guys never cease to amaze . 
Sooo I'm covered in oil , grease , and diesel fuel . But guess what ? I get to do it all over again tomorrow ! YAY ! :D 
Bad fuel lift pump in the truck . Gotta buy a BFW to unbolt it . :( 
Is looking forward to going to memphis this weekend . Isn't looking forward to seeing depressing family along the way . Is looking forward to seeing non-depressing family along the way . Is also looking forward to test and tune time with the rally car and my uncle . This coming weekend is a mixed bag of awesome , and suck . 
Oh , and a coworker of mine told me how much of a prick I am today ( in that I'm blunt , abrasive , tactless , and I don't care ); and another one told me that I better not ever lecture him or tell him what he is good or not good for ever again , or he's going to tell on me to my manager ! whoo ! scary stuff ! \ 
Yes . Successful day . ;D 
I seem to have found myself watching a rollerderby played by a ton of beautiful women . Awesome 
Finally home ! Yay ! :D 
is learning about white and red dwarfs , and I don't mean midgets . 
is tired of not having someone to be affectionate with ; and none of my friends have friends they can set me up with :( Sad panda is sad . 
Is DDing for my < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ... again . 
Well . I accomplished nothing today , but I still feel beat to death . Blargh ! 
Moments in which I look my worst : Promptly after carrying back four struts I took off a junkyard car at Pull-A-Part in nashville . I just wanna strip down and bathe with a pressure washer . 
I'm alright with having a short friend list . Really , I am . If you're on it , it means I value your friendship . 
Racing tomorrow in alabama . rish me wuck . 
truck let me down night before race day . vac pump blew up . :( 
this weekend = blows . and bored . missed racing , < PROPFEMALE > mountain wouldn't let me run due to the dust , and < PROPMALE > was invited out by his work friend to < PROPFEMALE > with ladies without me . I think I'll sit here and .. fap . fapfapfap . fapfapfapfap . 
I'm trying to find a job in NYC ! help meah out ! Unix Systems Administrator ! 
Just getting off work . Blah . Job is killing me 
A friend in need is a friend indeed . Do I need to have i^n fair-weather friends before I can make real ones ? 
Just finished the first episode of AMC's new series : The Walking Dead . a must see ! :D 
I've never been so angry in my life over receiving a thousand dollars . 
