off monday through wednesday . working night shifts thursday through sunday . 

goes back to work tomorrow . somebody please put me out of my misery . 
Has nothing planned for tomorrow , but is expecting his friends to change that for him like they usually do for holidays involving explosives . 
ended up alone and went home early ... again ... 
bored . work at 3- 10:30 today , then off tomorrow . no plans . 
I'm actually cleaning both my room and the bathroom ..... who talked me into this ? and why the hell did i agree ? 
would like to find some clear water and do some diving while he's here in Destin . Would need at least a snorkel for that , though ... 
sitting at home . bored . 
is moving to houma probably Thursday afternoon . 
is set up in Houma . Has his own room , a desk , and a great internet connection . And a very big , very comfortable couch to crash on every night . 
is reading up on field medicine . Heading to the hunting lease sometime tomorrow . 
will be back in Metairie on wednesday , then heading to Gulf Shores for the weekend . 
back in houma . unpacking , organizing , and job hunting . 
jujubes . 
wish i could get this tv to work . i wanna play xbox . 
put out a few job applications today . working on my book again now . 
feel like shooting things today . either need to hit the arcade or finish hooking the xbox up . 
has to go pick up a lawn mower , put it together , and then cut knee-high grass today . Would rather just burn it , but that's not a good idea when near a house or in the city . 
cold pizza . 
being smothered to death by a certain mini-pin 
naps are nice 
days like this = i'm sleeping in 
got the tv working . Playing Riddick on Xbox . 
machineguns . nuff said . 
Bow season starts this week . Sighted my bow in . Got the 3-blade rages sitting in the case waiting . 
California , I'm fine ! Somebody check my brain ! California's alright ! Somebody check my brain !!! The new < PROPFEMALE > in Chains album redefines awesome . Check it out if you get a < PROPMALE > . 
back from hunting . Saw nothing but cardinals and other birds . 
just fixed the rack in the closet and cleaned up . 
just now climbing out of bed . Been up since 10 just laying here . 
prolly gonna go see the 3:20 showing of zombieland . Loves watching the undead get their heads blown off . 
just got back from seeing Zombieland . Not what I thought , but still not bad . I'd go see it again . 
It's official ..... if the zombie apocalypse ever actually happens ..... I'll be the next Savior , b*tches . 
trying to come up for a name for the antagonist group in his story 
bored . somebody talk to me . 
wondering if he should skip the hunting lease to < PROPFEMALE > out with good friends in New Orleans this weekend ..... 
Heading to New Orleans tomorrow . Going to < PROPFEMALE > out , go out , and rock out with < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , and whoever else shows up . Supposed to be hitting House of Shock Saturday night . Bringing an extra few c < PROPFEMALE > es of underwear for that just in case . Would rather be the cautious pussy than walk around smelling like crap . No clue what to expect . 
At < PROPFEMALE>'s . Expecting < PROPFEMALE > , Frenchy , and Luffy tomorrow . House of Shock tomorrow night . More than willing to stab anything that tries to ruin his weekend . 
House of Shock was pretty good . I think most of the staff was more scared of me than I was of anything there ( had my \evil\ " expression on the whole time ) . " 
Red beans AND fried chicken for dinner . Can't ..... move .......... Too ..... full ..... 
pool with Dad tonight . Hunting lease tomorrow through Sunday . Here's hoping I see something this time . 
Colorado in 10 days !!!!! 
9 days to Colorado 
Is now officially employed by Blockbuster . And is somehow still able to go on the Colorado trip . Yay for the occasional bouts of good luck . 
5 more days til freeze time . Leaving early on the 29th . 
is waiting for Thursday . 
work til 8 tonight 
Packing up for Colorado . Leaving Thursday . Will be gone through the 8th . 
back from colorado . time to catch up on sleep , among other things . 
my gum addiction has resurfaced . Start sending me packs of it before I start with the ransom letters ..... again . 
no work til thursday ... 
Faygo Faygo Faygo Faygo Faygo Faygo Faygo FAYGO !!!!!! 
work 6- 11:15 tonight 
work 5- 11:30 tonight . yay ... 
work 12-5 tonight 
has work wednesday 6pm- 11:15 , thursday 5pm- 11:15 , saturday 5pm- 12:15 , and sunday 10am(holy crap)-4pm . 
dug out unreal championship on the xbox . forgot how fun it was to pick a fast character and a weapon with a high r.o.f. and just dart around racking up frags . 
feels like ninja-kicking something in the head for some reason . 
wants to get a Christmas party together with his friends for December 12th . Nothing huge , but would like to get them together for some fun and to throw presents at each other . 
found out i have a work meeting at 8am on sunday . joy . i thought opening at 10 was bad enough . i'm going to need at least 2 cups of coffee and a very filling breakfast . 
day off . sleep . 
I have Monday and Thursday off . Working every other day this week . Will post full schedule with times later . 
work 2pm-7 today , 5pm- 12:30 tomorrow , off Thursday , 5:15 pm- 12:15 Friday , 10am-4 Saturday , and 10am-5 Sunday . 
closing shift at work tonight then probably heading back to N.O. so i can sleep in before doing all the family stuff tomorrow . Trying to get a group date together for my friends so we can < PROPFEMALE > out tomorrow night , though knowing us it might not go through and we'll end up < PROPFEMALE > ing out at someone's house . 
this weeks schedule update : Tuesday 1pm-4 , Wednesday 11am-5 , then an inventory shift starting at 10:30 , Thursday 5pm-11 , and Friday 5pm-10 . Amazingly , I have Saturday and Sunday off . 
just finished doing a few things to make his machete better 
Is now the proud owner of a white 2003 Toyota Corolla < PROPFEMALE > 
back from celebrating < PROPMALE>'s 20th . Got work Friday 4pm-11 , Saturday 5pm-9 , and Sunday 5pm- 11:30 . Counting today's 4:30 -11 shift , that's about 25 hours this week . 
Dad's making gumbo . Guess I'll finally start my movie night . Got The Zombie Diaries , Doomsday , and Stay Alive . Hoping Zombie Diaries is actually decent . 
I actually have a list of things to do tomorrow . I'm amazed . 
\boot to the head \"!!!" 
bored . thinking about picking up some more free rentals and killing time . 
work Mon 4:30 - 11:15 , Tues 4:45 - 11:15 , and Wed 5- 11:15 . Got the weekend off for XMas parties . 
crappy weather better not screw up my xmas party this friday ... 
alright , one more night of work and i'm FREE . might head to new orleans early thursday morning . 
new work schedule . Off tomorrow . Work 2:30 - 9:30 Thursday . Off Friday . Opening shifts Saturday and Sunday ( 10am ) leaving at 2:45 and 5 respectively . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas , everybody . Hope you're all enjoying the end of the night . 
i start school next wednesday ..... 
School starts tomorrow morning . Meh ..... 
Second day of school today . Had one of those mornings where the bed was warmer than the air and I had to force myself to get up . Waiting for my long-sleeves to dry because it's damned cold ... again ... 
work 6-close today , 5-close tomorrow , and 4-close thursday . gonna spend this weekend at the lease . hopefully get my first deer . 
According to yahoo , Blockbuster is most likely going to close as a company sometime this year . I'm thinking it's time I started putting out job applications left and right again ... 
Bored . Finding myself wanting to reconnect with some people back from St. < PROPFEMALE > , but I always end up being the one starting the chat . Was I really THAT obscure back then ? 
To bring a smile to the faces of those who have been hanging out with me recently , I say \ROMAN SOLDIER !!!!! \"" 
alright-new facebook officially sucks . they should at least give you the option to refuse the upgrade or switch back . i can barely get anything done anymore . 
Whaddya think ? Zombie kill of the week ? 
Spending this coming weekend turning 20 at a campground with my friends . 
hope all the guys out there remembered that today was the famous \steak & a bj\ " day and got some enjoyment out of it ! " 
got my hair cut today 
back to work today in a little under an hour . 
sitting around . get paid tomorrow . making an insurance payment right after i get the money . paintball for < PROPFIRST>'s late birthday celebration saturday morning . hope i can get the stuff off for work afterwards . also hope i'm not too banged up after . work's annoying enough without aches and pains . 
sitting around before work . think i go in at 5 tonight . 
tired . going to bed . planning to both sleep like the dead and clean up tomorrow . 
has been surprisingly unproductive recently ... 
needs to find a day or two to actually recharge . Hasn't been able to really rest over the entire holiday . 
looks like i'm gonna get a lot of cleaning and reorganizing done this week 
today's agenda : laundry , dishes , and room . tomorrow : mow the lawn after school . 
profound thought of the day : i always laugh when i hear someone got hit by a dodge . 
only one voice in my head calls me insane . all the others are busy humming video game theme songs . for now , at least . 
cheese . 
let me politely sum up this past week ( finals week ) for everyone : < insert string of explatives you'd expect from a very stressed person here > 
Working on a new hard , heavy , loud , and fun CD for those nights where everyone gets together in New Orleans . 
spent like 98% of the day in bed , catching up on sleep and just relaxing . gonna need to get as much rest and sleep as i can for an all-night inventory shift this thursday . 
if i have any more of these nearly-sleepless nights , someone can just splash me with cranberry juice and cast me as a zombie 
Have you mentally stabbed a stupid customer today ? 
Jamming out with my iPod tonight 
Exploring a couple of tracks off of some new cds 
days off are awesome 
actually had a nice , yet simple day off today . probably just gonna try and get some shut-eye soon if nobody calls me . 
leaving for Gulf Shores tomorrow ! Not looking forward to the drive , but WTFE ' cuz I'm expecting a(n ) < insert thing here > -load of fun through this weekend . Back sometime Sunday . Leaving the phone in the condo whenever we're gonna go do something . 
Back from vacation . Work Tues 10-4 , Sat 5-11 , and Sun 11-5 . Gotta take care of school stuff this week ( fun ) . Think I figured out a goal for all this schooling , so I should be able to stick to it better now . Actually lined up a few goals today and got some ideas for stuff . Probably gonna spend part of tomorrow scribbling in a notebook . 
scribbling in a notebook ( and damn , don't i feel predictable for it ) 
important announcement for anyone who can't find something fun to do tonight : impromptu party getting together tonight in the metairie/kenner area . open invite . \bring stuff to share\ " is appreciated-we're on a budget and have location and some food covered . swimsuit optional . call or text 504-231-4607 for details . come < PROPFEMALE > out ! " 
bored . wrote a consistent few pages of ( another attempt at ) chapter 1 of my book today . hopefully i'll find time and focus to write more before work tomorrow . 
reeeeaaaallllllllllyyyyy wants to go on a backpacking trip ..... 
i think it's kinda funny that i show up in new orleans for a few days and run into about 5 people i knew \back in the day\ " and none of them recognise me . " 
I swear to God , if anyone who knows about my costume even attempts to toss glitter on me , they're dead . 
In New Orleans til Saturday . Looking forward to junk food , music , and late night gaming . Can I get an amen ? 
Just beat Dead Rising 2 and all it's zombie-killing < PROPFEMALE > . ... now what ? 
I'll be at Buffalo's Billiards on Airline tonight . Hopefully < PROPFEMALE > out with some friends and NOT SUCK at pool . 
back in new orleans ..... anybody know any quick-hires ? 
Happy Thanksgiving everybody !!! 
gonna be hurtin ' tomorrow .... and probably for the next week if i can stand to do my reps every night ... 
okay , so saturday i have work and a family xmas party . sunday i have an xmas party for work . and monday night is brit's birthday . then apparently i'm working all next week ( except xmas day ) , though i haven't gotten the schedule yet . being busy sucks , but i'm looking forward to seeing my paycheck on the 29th . 
also : wondering what the hell's up with all the pokemon profile pics all of a sudden . where'd that come from ? 
I got my new netbook !!! < PROPFEMALE > Inspiron Mini . Completely outclasses my old laptop . 
so , 8 websites open , itunes downloading , talking to three people on yahoo , and streaming music from pandora ... and this little thing doesn't even flinch . i think i'm in love . 
about to go to a crawfish boil with dad . gonna be back in metairie tonight . 
it's 4:50 and i'm gonna see how long it takes for my netbook battery to drop to critical and hibernate on me . 
the neighbors are staring at me like i've gone crazy . maybe it's because i'm outside in shorts letting the sun hit me . 
birthday this weekend ! make 21 sunday ! gonna be running around like a madman 
so i've wound up not having anything to do tonight . anybody want to help me fix this , or am i on my own til midnight ? 
Heading downtown today . Anyone looking for some fun : grab my cell # , call me , and find me . 
i think my headphones are starting to fuse with my ears ... 
St. < PROPFEMALE>'s , I'm riding on float 6 on the passenger side in Metairie . Anyone who wants to get buried in beads and stuff , get my attention . 
Fiberglass sucks !!! 
So Yahoo's being retarded and won't let me do ANYTHING to get back into my main account . Anyone who had me added on there , the new ID is dupuy3690@ymail.com 
\Chop Chop Slide\ " FTW " 
