wat movie shud i watch ? 

school is comming . i feel it looming over 
i saw at least 10 robins today . i think they're a little confused . 
I SURVIVED . i made it out onto the stage without passing out!!!!!!it's an accomplishment . And they were all like < PROPFEMALE > Zahler ! and i was all like hi im < PROPFEMALE > ! and then i was talking and they were all like hahahahah this monologue ur doing i funny so 
hehe i went crazy , except online 
i am writing this and it's noon and a monday !!!!!!!!! im not at school , im at home in my pj pants , summer vacation is heaven already 
will soon put up many photos including ones from \The Walsh Expirience\ " See what it's like to be a student at Walsh Middle School !!!! " 
woooo !! only < PROPFEMALE > zahler on facebook !!!! 
' s life is complete ! she has finnished the last episode of scrbs . now she can die in peace 
got into the play !!!!!!!! woooooooooooooo !!!!!!!!! i got iiiin , i got iiiiin , i got iiiiin ( this is my i got in dance ) . the play is called True Grace with Underground railroad theater . But also with Central Square theater ????? i's a little confusing but 
took the how many people share your name quiz on a different website . i am the only one with my name in the entire US . 
CANT FIND THAT AWSOME GAME !!!!!!!!! SDKTAWETGAMSOTGKRTUQHOWIELSR 
just saw lots of adorable kitties . 
want's to see the second transformers 
at the apple store . the keyboards are awsome so im typing just to type . hehehe it feels so cool !!!!!! 
leaving 2morro , paking 
i wont be able to ge to te internet for a while ... sniff sniff 
See you all when i get back !!! ill call as soon as i get home . < PROPFEMALE > scotia . maybe ill practice my french here so people can laugh at me ! 
happy b-day obama ! 
in DC . it is HOT . and the stupid cicadas wont shut up . dont know much else yet . 
back from the DC 
team 8z 
nothing takes the fun out of a sherlock holmes like having to wirte about how the protagonist change , and what the theme message or main idea was . watson doent change . he's \watson\ " . and there is no message . what am i supposed to say ? " 
I walk alone Think of home Memories of long ago No one knows I lost my soul long ago 
made her first < PROPFEMALE > child meal !!! 
crunchey leaves ?!!! only 72 degrees ?!!!..... coldness in the breeze ?!!..... last night i had .... cheese ???????? any way the point is SUMMER CAN NOT BE OVER . 
i coooooooooooold . its AUGUST ! this is compleatly uexceptable . 
those of you who were in < PROPFEMALE > at PAC you'll all be happy to know to know i still have all the songs stuck in my head . 
watson is so watsony 
well , guess i'll see most of you tomorrow 
first day of school , 2 heavy books , a million forms to fill out , and 27 algebra problems . 
had a good day with < PROPFEMALE > today : I'll take a potato chip ....... and EAT IT . a 3x3 inch change purse for just $98 ????? an absolute bargain !!! i wore my coat to walk the dogs ! 
I'll take a potato chip .... and EAT IT . i still havnt gotten over that . 
poor < PROPMALE > alen poe . 
when in Rome .... be thankful you spent 2 months learning about it in 7th grade so you could go to 8th grade and learn the same things all over again . 
stop animation takes a looong time . so im lying here , doing the same repetive motion over and over so that each frame is the rite amount of time . ive been doin it for half and hour but i feel gud cause im getting a lot done . but all of a sudden i relize : somehow my computer messed up and copied the same picture over and over and over , about a hundred times . in half an hour i had acomplished nothing . FML 
life needs to be punched in the face . doesnt that sound deep and meaningful ??? 
my eyes are soooo ichey 
i truly wish i was the kind of person who could say something was \bad ass\ " and get away with it . " 
everyone ? 
up 
is 
what 
im pathetic 
Azzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz . MY CAT DECIDED HE'S BE THE ONE TO RITE THE MESSAGE TODAY . o and apparently he hit the caps lock . 
URGENT : The FanCheck Application is a VIRUS that takes 48 hours to kick in . Even if you are tagged in a photo the virus still attacks you . Please inform all you friends and remove/delete the application ASAP . Copy and paste this as your status so word gets around quickly aka dont tag me . 
wars with all the fighter planes ? there's been like 7 . 
my friend does dances on swing sets 
< PROPFEMALE > !!!!!! o htats rite people , i have a syd song stuck in my head . 
maloryyyyyyyyyy . i need to go to bed now . still have the syd song stuck in my head . gud niiiiiiite . 
gud luk to all who r auditioning 2day ! 
watched my first episode of \glee\ " suggested by a friend . that show screams plotically correct so loundly im almost afraid its going to come and murder me in the nite 4 not throwing a yiddish frase into my conversation every three seconds or bringing matza ball soup to school " 
I WILL KILL MATRICES 
hope all u auditiononers did gud 
friiiiiiday 
changititchangwatever . i had to watch people audition for that song about a million times . 
congrats all u grease peoples !!!!!! :) 
every time i rite 1 of these i feel this increadible presure to say something interesting 
aaarggggg . it be talk like a pirate day ... me harties . 
\i dont care wat u think as long as its about me . the best of us can find hapiness in misury . \"" 
everyone else was qotting so i thot i shud . 
im so excited for tomorrow !!!!! 
someone comment on this . getting updates makes me patheticaly excited . 
nooooooooooooooo i had it for like 2 times . but then i lost it . noooooooooooooooooo 
i have nothing to say . so why am i riting ? 
feels she should be saying something important 
i've decided my ultimate dream is to hold a baby panda 
Need more friends with wings . All the angels I know put concrete in my veins . 
watched 4th episode of glee . a lot happened . his wife is creepy i must say . 
im reading the script tomorrow !!!!!!!!! but i feel all icky . :( 
a level E is going to come in the night and kill me !!!!! o no !! 
awwwwww im not gonna get a big part in the play . 
ima chunkey monkey from funkey town 
im videoing people with < PROPFEMALE > . YOUR NEXT . 
ok so we only get 3 vids in but there'll b more l8ter . we promise . and once again . YOUR NEXT . 
we're back an on the line to bring you more vids . and once again ... YOUR NEXT ! 
ok well actually we only sent vids to people both < PROPFEMALE > and i knew . but i luv u all !!!!!!!!........... ya 
forever without tho is the < PROPFEMALE > that had dog food for ......... ur face . HAHAHAHAHAHA FEEL INSULTED . 
< PROPFEMALE > says i have a fluffy bellybutton 
well this new facebook is kind of confusing . anyway ......... not hungry yet ! 
HEY WALSH PEOPLE . i wasnt here on friday . is our friday homework due on tuesday or not because of yom kipper ? < PROPFEMALE > is it due ? 
now im hungry 
huuuuuuungry 
i ate food !!!!!! and im on my own computer ! 
im afraid some of the models in these magazines are going to come out and kill me with their lazer eyes . 
wat shud i have 4 dinner , a turkey wrap , or < PROPMALE > n ' cheese ? and suggestions ? 
I CAN NOT STAND < PROPFEMALE > people sa : \ I was thinking in my head ...... \ " no ....... i thot u were thinking in ur finger nails ! idk y it bothers me so much . " 
< PROPFEMALE > ever those automatic porch lights turn on < PROPFEMALE > i walk past , i always think :\ im caught ! \ " then i remember than im not actually doing anything im not supposed to be . " 
shit . ive spent the last hour doing the weekends homework . great . 
its sooooooo cold . this is absolutly unexceptable . its only october ! someone needs to take care of this . 
i was walking someones dog and i passed this group and this is wat i heard : \i dont mind that they're there as long as i no them . \ " and then the girl said : \ " i mean its not you've killed them they're just on you're doormat\ " i mean it . word for word . " 
meeting the adults in the cast 2moro ! super excited . nite . 
ooooooooh who can play the first 4 measures of moonlight sonata after 3 whole days ? thats rite . i can . pathetc . 
whos to know if ur soal will fade at all ? 
the weekend is disapearing so quickly :( 
off 2 NY . 
puddle of mud !!!! breaking bejamin !!!! XOXOXOX 
OMG STAINED !!!!!!! So Far Away ! 
people !!!!!! i need a movie . 
sigh ...... school . 
finally , back from rehearsal . sooo tired . 
oh ya ! can play C , D , AND F on the flute . woot . 
they put pictures and videos of the cast while we do training . I WONT PUT A LINK . U CANT MAKE ME . 
AAARG IT'S STILL STUCK IN MY HEAD ..... who's to know if your soal will fade at all , the one you sold to fool the world . i do luv that song tho . 
write a comment . 
in breath by breaking bejamin , is he saying \is it over yet\ " ... or \ " is it obvious \"??????" 
got an audition today !!!! 
we havnt turned the heat on yet . FREEZING . 
aaaaaaaaaaa the world is coming to the end ! white stuff is falling from the sky ! nooooooo 
< PROPFEMALE > is deffinatly not a vitue i was born with 
y didnt anyone tell me that there was a < PROPFEMALE > in 17 again that people call Naiomi ? this is very important 
i dont have anything particularly intelligent to say at the moment . 
im dividing my 2/3 on the railroad track . oooooooooh 
half day ! TGIHD . 
leaving for last rehearsal before opening . 1 run- through , a break for dinner , then we open ! wish me luck . 
got my computer bak !!! 
full < PROPFEMALE > . vampires will come in the night and plant their corn on your front lawn . 
Disney is taking over the world , bring out your sweater vest ! 
matinee 2morro . full house expected . best part = i get 2 miss skool . mucho excied ! 
tonights show at 8:00 . fingers crossed for full house ! 
i got a beard ! 2 shows 2day . 
its suposed 2 b a full house this afternoon . Grace Paley's husband , children , and grandchildren r coming . 
awsome show this afternoon ! compleatly full house . 
wow , the world's moste xpensive rubik's cube is $ 1,500,000 . and guess wat . it looks like every other rubik's cube i've seen . also the most expensive toast is $ 28,000 . yum 
who has mrs. stauffer ? 
snow day . pleasepleasepleasepleasepleasepleasepleasepleasepleasepleasepleaseplease 
V 
im pretty sure ice belongs in the freezer , not in your hair . 
facebook needs some sort of sarcasm button 
gelt , latkas and lighting of the candles . i was more jewish 2nite then usual . 
finally done with all my homeowork ! super excited to wait for the bus in the -5 degrees weather tomorro ! 
o gud , -9 degrees . my fav . 
im a pelican . 
show 2nite 
marry christmas everyone ! i went to the movies with all the other jews . chinese food l8er .. 
aaaaaaa y does my voice choose this morning to go all scratchy ? i have 4 shows in the next 2 days !!!!!! it had christmas and christmas < PROPFEMALE > to do this . 
2 shows 2day , haward zinn came in the afternoon . ( ill pretend i know who he is ) . ILL MISS U 4EVER LUC THE X1 . I CAN'T WAIT TO HOLD U AGAIN . 
done with the show 
i took a walk around the world to ease my troubled mind . i left my body lyings somewhere in the sands of time . i watched the world float to the dark side of the < PROPFEMALE > . i feel there's nothing i can do . 
i found my toes 
nothing particularly interesting is \on my mind\ " . so < PROPFEMALE > me . " 
im aloud to cut my hair and paint my nails now at least 
excited 4 new years party 2nite 
2011 feels a lot like 2010 
spent my quality time w/ deval < PROPFIRST > 2day . 
who is that devilish < PROPFIRST > man polishing your new shoes ? 
hoping 4 an audition . we'll c . 
dr. & mrs. vandertramp . they can go die . 
cud some1 from mrs. D's science class tell me wat we need 2 no 4 the quiz 2morro ? 
i think i just go pen on the bak of my ear . not many of u cud sa that now cud u ? 
watching the office . lol it's halarious . everyone told the truth 
just got bak from grease . everyone did great ! < PROPFEMALE>'s character was so obnoxious i just wanted to smack her across the face . obviously she did a fandastic job . 
awwwww i missed jew appreciation day . y did no one hug me or anything ? 
OMG . the pizza guy from The Office is totally Arty from Glee ! im too lazy to actually look it up but im 90% possitive . 
happpy birthday blue balooon ! jingle bells jingle bells jingle all the way . baruch atah adoni ... happy new years ! happy valentines day . hapy easter ! di di dianu , di di anu di di anu ... haaaaaaaaaaappy birrrrrrrrthday bluuuuuuuuue balloooooooooon 
i feel icky 
quacking in the night 
4 months , 20 days , 7 hours , 2 minutes and 15 seconds before the last day of school . I CANT WAIT ! 
ITS FRIDAY ! its friday . ITS friday . its FRIDAY . ItS fRiDaY . iTs FrIdAy . Friday its . iiiiiittttttsssss ffffrrrriiiddddaaaaayyyyy . is it friday ? yes , afirmative . Is it not friday ? nope . guess wat day it is everybody ?????? 
the worlds most expensive m&m was $ 1,500 . it was brown . 
red pandas . I <3 them . 
aaaaaaaaa where is everything ? im so confused ! y do they have to change facebook < PROPFIRST > other week ? 
< PROPFIRST > ! 
happy valentines day everybody ! 
thanks 4 the happy birthday's everyone . i feel very loved . 
i hate those cumblys at the bottom of your cereal box 
i wud like 2 appologize 2 every1 . i accidentally clicked on something that is now telling all of u that i am stalking u and all of ur friends that u r stalking them . I AM VERY SORRY . i am not really stalking u and u r probably not really stalking ur friends . again , I AM VERY SORRY . 
saw a avatar . i want a blue pointy-faced guy with zero body fat . 
i vote winter vacation in extended through to june . then it'll b time for summer vacation ! 
o joy , i get to wake up at 6am again . my life once more has meaning . sigh . 
FRIDAY . <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 ! 
the wilderness must be explored ! 
i am absolutely fed up with this \winter\ " buissness " 
3 months , 15 days , 2 hours , 45 minutes and 5 seconds till the LAST DAY OF WASLH !!!!!!!! 
the only thing i hate about glee is how theyre always refering to things as \special \"" 
i now worship < PROPFEMALE > atwood . SHE'S AMAZING ! 
its bitchtastic 
il fait gris dans mon coeur . 
????????????????????????????????????????????????????????? ??????????????????????? checker designs make everything prettier 
only 2 degrees away from hot karete kid guy ! but hes probably not hot anymore . 
there was sun !!!!!!!!! it made me happy . 
new true blood episode 2 moro !!!!! wow , how pathetic am i ? 
i almost to stuck a pretzel in my ear because i forgot which hand was holding my headphones . 
done with IIM for the REST OF MY LIFE !!!!!!!!!!!! woooooooo ! 
i <3 cotten < PROPFEMALE > !!!! 
there are some who call me ...... Tim . Its just a flesh wound ! 
sigh .... i dont do well with awkward scilences . 
i missed obama ????? COME ON !!!! i fel like im gonna regret this 4 ever . aaaaaaaaarg . how come no 1 told me he was in framingham ??!!??!! im so frustrated ! 
audition 2day . eeks ! 
? ? ? ? ? ?? <3 
fahder , brohder , sonn 
didnt make audition :( 
i have an owie :( 
left my ipod at school . i feel so lost ! 
Haha . itts Sunday and I don't have to go to skool tomorro !!!!!! 
ok , ive gotten 9 messages written all weirdly saying that i was \caught on film\ " im pretty sure they're fake . the link takes me 2 this strange < PROPFEMALE > that makes no sense what so ever . wats going on ?????? " 
LADY GAGA'S BOYFRIEND IN PAPARAZZI IS < PROPFIRST > NORTHAMN IN TRUE BLOOD !!!!! i feel like i'v just discovered something that will change the world like how to make electricity from wood or something . 
OCFCD . Obsessive Compulsive Facebook Checking Dissorder . 
ladies and gentlemen the empitome of dignity : falling flat on your butt because you thought the chair was closer than it really was . 
< PROPFEMALE > and i were being super secret assassins in the rain . unfortunatly the mission was compramized when we noticed that we were being watched by a random old lady . awwwkwaaaard . 
albi , albi , albi : the racist dragon 
i really really really really really really really dont want to go bak 2 skool 
o goody , 3 < PROPFEMALE > essay on midevil weddings . how much more exciting can u get ? 
how come the extreamly sketchy pop-ups about \hot singles in my area\ " always asume that im a man ? " 
my news feed isnt showing things past 7:22 last nite ...... 
i almost feel guilty when i relise that i like a pop song . 
opening nite was pretty gud . 2moro shud b even better 
ugggg . DO NOT wat 2 b up this early . but we better rock at festival !!!! lets hope we make it under 40 < PROPFEMALE > . : $ 
bronze . embaaaarasssing . 
cows are funny 
sleep depravision can make you write interesting things . im not exactly sure what \ the aztecs raised animals from torillas in corn\ " means . " 
im sad :( 
bak from DC . left behind the rediculously perfect weather . 
poked bak all my pokes . 
broke a string :( 
the weather is much too icky . i do not approve . 
question to 8th grade girls . have any of u decided on an outfit for the end of the year dance ? 
exuse me . i destictly remember puting my winter clothing AWAY . can anyone tell me y i had 2 b wearing a sweatshirt and winter coat 2nite ? IS THERE SOME SORT OF EXPLINATION ????? 
this is too many chairs for one room ! 
just remembered about those video's of tru grace . of course i watched them and now i feel all depressed . and embarassed . 
crap crap crap i lost about 400 songs on my ipod . 
learned an improtant lesson today : electrical appliences usually work better when you plug them in ... 
everybody loves ninjas 
finished night .......... 
found a hippo !!!!!!!! thx < PROPFEMALE > !!!!!! 
is it just me or did we go directly from late winter to mid-summer ? 
10 hours of rehearsal . i survived !!!! 
< PROPFIRST > gray 2mro .... eeks ! 
electricity failed 4 times in the middle of the production . thunder storms certainly make things interesting . 
done with finals !!!!!!!!! :) 
It feels like summer , want to walk through < PROPFEMALE > . For several long years you've be hoping for change . But things stay the same , no matter how hard you try . Every night you go to sleep and you dream you can fly . 
1 day , 2 hours , 55 minutes and 3 seconds till summer vacation !!!!!!!! 
bye bye walsh .... i wont miss you !!! 
hangin in vermont with real live actual nature 
my friend is being mean to meeeeeeeee 
due to the hundreds of books , movies and tv shows that keep comming out , im starting to wonder why it is exactly that a hot vampire hasnt come out of nowhere and fallen deeply in love with me . is there something wrong with me ? 
so ...... finished latest episode of true blood ..... interesting ending ..... quite interesting 
how come with jobs u always have to do WORK before you get the money ? 
enjoying The Beatles !! ? 
not to be too much of a girl or anything but ... i hate spiders . 
nyc . its swarming with sleazy guys and its , stinky and grimy still , just like everyone else ... i <3 NY . 
sick ... sigh 
rain rain come and stay . please dont wait another day . 
rereading all the < PROPMALE > potter books . go ahead . make fun of me . 
urban dictionary : Naomi-Pronounced ' Nay oh me ' or ' Ny Oh me ' . Usually Nay oh me but some gits pronounce it wrong . 
I < PROPFEMALE > have hacked < PROPFEMALE>'s account puahahahaha 
apparentlly im a geek who gackles . who knew ? 
Inception was AMAZING . 
packing 4 florida !!!! 
learned an important lesson on my trip : sometimes in life , you have to wait to ride the fishies . 
in canada with my bestest moose buddies . 
found orange flavored milk at the supermarket . o these canadiens 
from tropical ocean to northern , 60 degree ocean in less than a week . hmph . im moving to florida . 
its actually cold here . like real honest natural coldness . 
i would like to thank the inventor of smores where ever he or she may be . 
wait a second , three more weeks till school ? summer just started ! 
there is an < PROPFEMALE > Garden , a Bugaboo Creek , a Burger < PROPMALE > , 2 KFCs and 7 McDonalds , all in the town that im staying . so good to be back in < PROPFEMALE > . 
off to DC !!! 
omg , met a guy from Scranton , Pennsylvania ! 
good luck to everyone in Oklahoma , sorry i cant be there . 
arrrg , schedules are arriving and im still in DC ! 
schedule ! finally ! will post tomorrow . 
HR-E209locker E444A S1 -Acting1 , HenryA S2 -Clothing1 , MagnaniB- French2Hon , LallyC- ModWld Hon , GallagherD- Engl 1 Hon , GeogheganE S1 -missing ? E S2- FitForLife , FoleyF- BioHon , LangtonG- GeometryH . Krass 
good night 
most people wont know what this means but godric is the danish < PROPMALE > weasley ! my life is now so much better . 
< PROPFEMALE > Sticco-Ivins must sell me a cat made out of sweaters . 
Tour tomorrow . We people with no senses of direction need all the help we can get . 
everyone just close your eyes and we can all pretend that summer isnt over . 
giant high school thou shalt not defeat me ! 
screw the < PROPFEMALE > . if i win a million dollars im using it to pay for the school to be air conditioned . 
biology homework an crawl into a corner and die now . 
come on < PROPMALE > . this all you got ? 
first time in fenway park tonight ! exciiited ! 
thinking of getting a phone ... 
could we be in next summer vacation already ? could life just be one big summer vacation ? pleeeease ? 
and in her eyes you see nothing . no sign of love behind the tears . cried for nothing . a love that should have lasted years . 
god damn right its a beautiful day . 
celebrating her jewishness with some apples and < PROPFEMALE > . 
cake ! ( this applies to both the food and the band ) 
having great vocabulary didnt save the Thesaurus from extinction/ eradication/extrication . 
i just saw the sun rise over the < PROPFEMALE > . 
dignified rhinos dont have tags . 
i have a song stuck in my head and i cant remember what it is . i need help ! all i can remember is \been here since 1984 . standing in the rain \"" 
OMG ! Typing on an iPad ! 
alright guys . only 9 months , 21 hours , 47 minutes and 13 seconds till summer vacation !!!... sigh 
its only teenage wasteland . 
good bye food ! see you in 24 hours ... sigh 
im going to bitch slap my computer . 
the bio homework was much too easy . there must be a trick somewhere . 
i think klondike needs to rethink their campeine a bit . having the annoying little jingle play in your head every time kind of takes the fun out of eating them . 
would go to the store and buy some patients if she could 
no audition request . :( im unwanted . 
wat up ? 
wants to rock and roll all night and party every day 
dinosaurs are da bomb ! they all like rawr . 
the only reason i dont believe in the easter < PROPFEMALE > is because he doesnt believe in me . 
THIS STUPID FUCKING UMBRELLA LOOKS LIKE A HAT ON A STICK 
does anyone else have that one song that they repeatedly get stuck in their head even if that havnt heard it in ages ? or am i just strange . 
< PROPFIRST > beiber stuck in my head . life is not good at the moment . 
today i was told : you might be too short to do this move on the second bar . lovely . 
When im a billionaire = prime example of how rap ruins everything . 
nothing rhymes with < PROPFEMALE > . 
cant talk about it cuz id be breaking the first two rules lol but it was amaaaazing ! how could i miss out on that movie for so long ? 
looking forward to a dinosaour cookie date tomorrow . 
sigh ... you know you have no life when google tells you youve visited facebook 1500 times . 
maybe if i pretend school does not exist .. then it will disappear . yes ? good theory ? 
how come none of us appreciated nap-time when we had it ? 
< PROPFEMALE > resorts to her standard \i cant think of a status\ " post : purple haze all in my brain . lately things just dont seem the same . " 
i like it in my closet 
computer why must you hate me so ? 
i need a theme song . and when ever i was about to enter a room it would play and youd see little flashes of me laughing in slow motion and skipping through the fields . 
its monday an im not at school ... haha i feel that ive somehow cheated the system . 
I've seen angels fall from blinding heights \ 
But you yourself are nothing so divine \ 
Just next in line 
has the oompa loopa song stuck in her head ., how did this happen and what did she do to deserve this ? 
ah < PROPMALE > . i swear im trying as hard as i can to care about you but im not doing so well . 
friday and me , we're getting married . 
This\ 
is cancer awareness month . In memory of every cancer patient , family\ 
member & friend who has lost their battle with cancer ? And in\ 
honor of those who continue to conquer ! Put this up for one hour if you\ 
love someone who has or had cancer . Many won't copy & paste . I was\ 
proud to , will you ? 
to everyone in That Was Then This is Now : im sure you were awesome ! im sorry i wasnt there :( 
blasting Ram Jam . it makes me happy . :) 
lost a fierce battle with a vending machine . 
oh boy ! are we picking out < PROPFEMALE>'s new profession again ? 
everyone take a moment and thank each of your ten fingers for so willingly helping you with typing and writing end playing piano and opening jars ..... 
so done with school . unfortunately school doesn't seem to be done with me . 
posting as status from school . makes me feel rebel and bad ass 
that was so fun ! fabulous beginning to halloween weekend ! 
watching < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > as i make < PROPFEMALE>'s < PROPMALE > n cheese ... something not quite right about that 
if youre not careful ill unleash all my wilderness explorer training on you ! 
rflksjflkslkjbsljhldg .... original i know . 
boston's tenth man could not be wrong ! 
yo mama's so hollister she like < PROPFIRST > bieber on faceook 
youve just been ninja ... ed 
if we got rid of Mondays then Tuesdays would be the new Monday , and if we got rid of Tuesdays then Wednesday would be the new Tuesday so i think the solution is just to make life on great big Friday 
gettin my < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > on ... \only the good die young \"" 
die day five ! die die die ! 
i feel exactly like a seahorse right now ... 
just finished The < PROPMALE > Horror Picture Show ! let all go to Transsexual Transylvania ... 
thursday tomorrow ! and thursday is almost friday !... god this is pathetic 
what are you doing ? \ 
scratching my lollipop\ 
.... why ? \ 
it looked itchy 
was feeling all technologically savy as i went into to the hard drive to get rid of a virus .... of course then it didnt work . 
aww its snowing . wait its snowing ? ew ! come back summer come back ! 
listoning to the same song over and over and over ... billy < PROPFIRST > is addicting 
* gromit ! there's a bomb in me pants ! * 
im not sure if you all knew this but we all live in a yellow submarine 
happy birthday < PROPFIRST > Shepard . RIP . 
how come i cant celebrate Christmas ? theres no such thing as the Hanukkah spirit . 
thats cool teachers , give me a crap load of homework . i dont need to to sleep . 
< PROPFEMALE > zahler has gone three entire weeks without watching a single illegal movie . be proud world . be proud . 
friday tomorrow people !!! 
come on snow storm . you know you really want to come to framingham . 
fifth cold in the last two months . im flattered that germs love me so much . 
got to be a joker he just do what he please ! 
< PROPFEMALE > christmas ! or < PROPFEMALE > movie and chinese food day ! 
Life is a waste of time and time is a waste of life , so waste your time and have the time of your life ! 
i need a good show to watch . any suggestions ? 
trying to stay off facebook i.e. have a life . its not going so well . 
once upon a time there was School . then < PROPFEMALE > shot it in the head . the end . 
what good are guys anyway if they cant kill a spider ? 
kind of late but ... good luck on the mid years everybody ! 
yeah i think id be pretty good with postponing midterms one more day . just one more snow day . pleeease please . 
my dog is stalking me ... 
Welcome to the fallout\ 
Welcome to resistance\ 
The tension is here\ 
Between who you are and who you could be\ 
Between how it is and how it should be 
most exciting part of the day : two water bottles for the price of one .. score 1 for < PROPFEMALE > , 0 for the vending machine . 
apology to all if i have bitched out , weirded out , zoned out or flipped out in your general direction in the last week or so . sleep deprivation can do interesting things to me 
the sinners are much more fun ;) 
walking around the house cleaning up my trail of blood . always fun . 
theres no need to ask directions if you ever lose your mind 
Typing on an iPad cause I'm just that cool 
Going to be live audience for a show . I'll be that one with that really loud obnoxious laugh just so I can be heard on the track . 
Had my 15 minutes of fame today ..... I just smiled and waved like an idiot . 
i have a new love . his name is the sun . 
thats cool computer . delete half my music . again . it doesnt make me want to throw you against a wall or anything . 
Asians speaking French , what's more politically correct than that ? 
come back spring , come baack ! 
music is the best invention 
ever just sit and thing of < PROPMALE > the embarrassing situations youve ever been in ? someone please slap me across the face ... 
life is the best thing that could ever happen to me :) 
strawberry 
i get to go to sleep now you guys im so excited !!! 
Got a sunburn on the first spring day . You all were right , I'm freakishly pale 
\dont be sad < PROPFEMALE > ..... im the optimism fairy \"- Claire M Whall " 
Cat is eating my geometry book .. perhaps he wants to answer the questions as well ... 
just realized i now literally think in text talk ... this worries me 
