I know , I know ............................... I'M ON FACEBOOK NOW ..... I DON'T WANT TO HEAR I TOLD YOU SO 

ITOLDYOUSOITOLDYOUSOITOLDYOUSO 
Yearly easter gig FTW !!! I finally have money !!! 
JohnnyV is now an offical beta tester for starcraft 2 .... it's ok , it still sucks 
< PROPMALE > state has got to be the best looking collge campus that i've ever seen ! pics to follow shortly 
OMG THE IRONY !!!!!!!!!!!!! WAATCH THE NEW EPISODE OF SOUTHPARK NAOW !!! 
just got back from < PROPFEMALE > 
mmmMMMmmmm , new Ubuntu release 
is playing in his last < PROPMALE > Symphony concert ... 
Is enjoying his last evening as the MIDI Lab attendant ......... IT'S BEEN 4 YEARS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
just discovered why republicans shouldn't do speechs at comencements 
just found out why he likes BioWare games so much ..... STORY MATTERS 
Komm , süßer < PROPMALE > 
\Surely this can't be the sword I've been searching ! \"" 
\It'll be a great day when education gets all the money it wants and the Air Force has to hold a bake sale to buy bombers . \"" 
will officially be attending graduate school at < PROPMALE > State University in < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > ; attempting a master's degree in trumpet performance 
Sucks that the only reason i have windows on my desktop is because of Lexmark's driver incompetence and my dad not knowing how to set up network printers 
“It is better to be hated for who you are , than to be loved for someone you are not . ” 
“You can safely assume that you've created God in your own image when it turns out that God hates all the same people you do . ” - < PROPFEMALE > Lamott 
is now quite distraught ... 
will be taking his leave of Durant in search of greener pastures on August 8th 
\Inception\ " : the movie that single-handedly restores my hope in American cinema ; easily the best movie I've seen in several years " 
Durant , i bid you farewell , i shall not return for sometime ( Christmas i figure ) 
Attempt to connect to wow with colstate trail account ( until mine gets put into the system Monday ): failed , assuming the school is anal about open ports , no matter , i WILL get wow working before the night is done , time to dust off my old proxy account info ..... 
IT'S TEH AIR , STUPID !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Serial Experiments Lain = head explode ; might actually replace Elfen Lied as my #2 favorite 
Cataclysm Beta Tester ?.................. HELLZ YEAH 
Gonna\ 
have to say i have a new favorite anime \Higurashi 
I don't understand why when people want something from me they just drop subtlety after subtlety and hope that I come to the same conclusion about what they want . Please , if you want something from me , just ask me directly , your not going to hurt my feelings by being blunt ... ( this post applies to 2 people in particular , and hopefully you know who you are ) . 
Today , the world ended ... if you don't know what I'm talking about , consider yourself lucky that your are not afflicted with such a burden ... 
2 hour delay for a 2 hour flight 
85 HO ! 
Back in Durant for the holidays ( until the 6th ) 
Back in < PROPMALE > 
All day TNG marathon , clearly , i'm not leaving my room all day ... 
JohnnyV Episode V: THE HAIR STRIKES BACK coming to your local Durant on March 6th !!!!!!! 
