Happy New Year everyone ! We've got big plans for New Year's day , yes sir ! I don't think any of you will be able to top this ; we are going to ... Work . 

Sitting at the college waiting for dad to get out of urgent care 
In humans , a molecule for beta-carotene can be broken down into two vitamin A molecules , from which we make a pigment rhodopsin , which is required for vision . 
Is going to write an essay on how we should power the future . Is also trying to resist the urge to bash the current government failures on said issue . 
I have , once again , survived the icy hell that some call Monument Hill . 
Muhuhahaha , keep your dogs inside , I have my license ! 
Finally has some time . Back from Wyoming . Had a great Thanksgiving with family :) 
' s mom wants to work on Quickbooks again . < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is getting ready to go hide in a closet or outside somewhere .... 
One final down , ready for round 2 . Ding ding ! 
Break out the shorts and suntan , it's 16 degrees ! 
Saw Avatar for my birthday last night . Most amazing animations I have ever seen . I had to keep telling myself that some of it was animated . 
Just finished his first day at school . Political science seems like it is going to be fun . Precalc is going to be hard , but I knew that . And I already hate geology and know it is going to be the worst class this semester . 
Hopes the weather is better a week from today . I would also much rather go to the concert instead of freezing my butt off on Pikes Peak ... 
Survived midterms ! So now I can go die of frostbite on Pikes Peak -.- 
Is brain dead . Had a 16 < PROPFEMALE > ( double sided ) math test today ... 
We are the few , the proud , the finals week survivors . 
Got his nose bloodied at youth group . Yeehaw ! Lets do it again ! 
Woo hoo !!! Went through 700+ fire crackers , 50+ smoke bombs , and 50+ bottle rockets this weekend in Lusk ! 
It's the second most important day of the year ( first being my birthday ) , it's National Doughnut Day ! 
Doing sound for church tomorrow . Going to try not to kill too many bikers but I think we'll have to put a casualty list on the church handouts . 
Little sore from basket ball last night . The youth group played Church Style ... It was brutal ... 
Woo , 90 degrees today . 
Found out that the Black < PROPMALE > Slash Pile has stupid hours . 5:00 - 7:00 pm , really ? 
Watched the movie < PROPFIRST > , ate ice cream and played spoons last night . Good stuff :) 
Oooh , quarter sized hail . I won't be dancing in the rain today . 
Had an awesome time in Yellowstone . It looks amazing in a desolate , wasteland sort of way . \ 
Ate at the Old Faithful Inn buffet last night . Had a salad , six chicken wings , three cups of soup , a baked potato , two pieces of prime rib , and a large glass of rot beer ! Then saw Old Faithful go off , and got to our cabin at 10:30 last night . 
Just got home from deck building . Got the frame and joists up , not bad for a day's work . 
Just got back from my first day ay school . Went to the TCA assembly this morning , and sat next to the most annoying guy in pre-calc , but altogether pretty good for a first day . 
Tearing through these days I find the tolerance to strive and push on . I know what lies beyond this life for me is already won . No one can take away the blood that covers over my fall . Without the blood of perfect life I know I'm nothing at all . So now I reign forever hallowed in eternity's hand . No man can shake me from the everlasting ground that I stand ! \ 
Undying by Demon < PROPMALE > 
I'm not afraid of loving my enemy , turning the other cheek , blessing those who'd cruse me ; I honestly want peace with you . But when you come against my country , when you come against my family , and try to destroy my people ?! I can't just stand by ! \ 
\ 
Disciple , Game On 
Finished the first week of school ! Required a lot of metal music , but I got through ! 
Whatever it takes to get to you ; whatever it takes to break through ; whatever it takes you are my reason , for everything I do ! \ 
Pillar , Whatever it Takes 
Been out looking at a gold mine . Going to post a video 
This is what it is , this is who I am , this is where I finally take my stand ! \ 
I didn't want to fall , but I don't have to craw . I'm not the one with two scarred hands ! Givin ' him the best of everything that's left of the life inside this man !! I've been born again ! \ 
Born Again , News Boys 
Got home yesterday not too late . Had an awesome time with < PROPFEMALE > today . Not looking forward to school tomorrow . 
\If I find in myself desires which nothing in this world can satisfy 
My parents are going through their mid-life crisis . They've bought a car and two houses this week . 
Just went to a review session for a college pre-calc class that the teacher was putting on the only people to show were 6 high schoolers . 
Had an awesome time at homecoming last night ! 
WOOO !!! Happy National Coffee Day !!!!!! 
No more are the days that I will \ 
Fear for I have found a strength that \ 
None can match and I'll push forward \ 
Never has the blood in my veins \ 
Flowed so fiercely as when I feel this around me \ 
I am whole \ 
I'm not alone \ 
With the touch of your hand \ 
I am whole again \ 
-Not Alone , All That Remains 
“It’s only a short answer , but writing more typically ensures a better grade . Unless it’s all just bs . I’m a good sniffer , I know when you’re just bsing . ” - Dr. Trumbull 
Is starting a new fashion trend . The ripped jeans are so out . I have two patches in the butt cheeks of my jeans :) 
Armed with resistance and blind to the cost , \ 
They say your purpose is mindless and lost . \ 
But we don't adhere to the slander they spill ! \ 
We mourn with your losses and stand , stand by your will ! \ 
-Demon < PROPMALE > , The Soldier's Song 
Is watching a huge storm come over Pikes Peak . The wind must be blowing 40-60mph off of the mountains . 
\I believe in Christianity as I believe \ 
Finals ... Are ... Over ! 
