HAPPY NEW YEAR !!! 2010 !!! 

buenos días : ) 
very cold day today : ) 
going bike ridding in the mountains . 
movies : ) 
went bike riding again . 
la negra tiene tumbao 
Perimeter mall today . 
washing my car . 
out eating Greek food : ) 
stuffed . 
Jacksonville tomorrow :) 
chilling in Jacksonville : ) 
back from Jacksonville . 
Mexican food tonight : ) 
watching Univisión . 
outlet mall . 
back from biking . 
concert : ) 
college orientation today . 
GOT A 5 ON HIS AP SPANISH TEST !!!!!!!!!!!!! : ) 
alive after 5 . 
< PROPMALE > potter tonight : ) 
< PROPMALE > Potter was awsome . 
awesome day at the zoo . 
placement test today . 
don't know if I wana go down to Miami this time . 
Ah I don't know if I should stay or go ! 
going . 
hanging out at Doral resort . 
< PROPMALE > . 
misses Miami like crazy ! 
at the dentist : ( 
primos arriving soon ! 
orientation today ... for real this time . 
difrutando mis primos : ) 
tired . 
lake today . 
so beat . 
mall . 
family gone : ( 
bored . 
watching movies : ) 
registering for classes . 
looking for my phone . 
still can't find it !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
dinner . 
artisan bakery . 
eating delicious chocolate ice cream with chocolate chips : ) 
watching Into the Pride on Animal Planet . 
driving my grandparents around town , running errands . 
two more days of vacation :( 
school soon : ( 
< PROPFEMALE > girl tú me haces sentirrr Como estoy en fuego junto a ti Tú me captivas con tu amor Te quiero dar todo mi calor Mi niña de diamante Si tú eres , si tú eres 
school tomorrow : ( 
first day of school ! 
had a good but long day at school . 
another good day at school . 
school . 
just one class at 5 : political science . 
college : ) 
No school today : ) 
dinner then a movie . 
Just finished my math homework : ) 
headache that hurts like crazy ! 
fall is in the air early this year . 
awesome day until a rat ran across my foot at a restaurant ! 
watching old episodes of FRIENDS : ) 
doing homework : ) 
out to lunch . 
political science class . 
no school today : ) 
dinner and a movie : ) 
had a delicious dinner at Sahara : ) 
saw Inglourious Basterds which was awesome : ) 
English class was canceled : ) 
bored at school :| 
roadtrip to < PROPFEMALE > : ) 
walking in the park . 
no school thursday : ) 
Jurassic Park : ) 
errands . 
at the mall . 
had a great night with some old Cubans : ) 
Happy Birthday < PROPFEMALE > ! : ) 
class was NOT cancelled today ! : ( 
okay so class was cancelled after all , they just didn't tell us till we got there . 
Ugh two essays today ! 
school then the airport - it's gonna be a long day . 
Friday in Miami : ) 
awesome baby shower : ) 
leaving Miami tonight : ( 
had an awesome weekend : ) 
school from 1:00 to 6:45 . 
47 degrees is the low today ... unbelievable . 
Things on my mind that I HAVE to do today : 1 . Go take picture for my Saudi Arabia visa application 2 . Political Science from 5:30 - 6:45 3 . Put final touches on my research paper 4 . Study for map test in World History 
Bored in English class . 
Fedex lost my fricken passport A week before my trip ! 
So much to do , so little time : 0 
high of 57 today ! 
has a new cousin ! 
will be on an airplane in 48 hours : ) , for 13 hours : ( 
AWESOME : ) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N06mWF2yq6c 
Buenos días : ) 
1 . Pack 2 . Get a haircut 3 . Take midterm test 4 . Leave to the Middle East : ) 
is in love with Dubai :) 
exploring < PROPFIRST > : ) 
is lovin ' the Middle East . 
Biblical sites today : ) 
looooooooong night . 
is gonna be all on his own in Dubai for two days : ) 
hanging out at Dubai's Festival City : ) 
is watching the sunset behind the tallest building in the world from his hotel bedroom : ) 
jet lagged in Dubai ; I just woke up and it's only 3 in the morning here :( 
It's a beautiful morning in Dubai : ) 
at the mall downstairs 
bored in Dubai - never saw that coming . 
Watch this too ! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HRfjLfyXYlA 
leaving Festival City and switching to the Shangri-La Hotel . 
spent his night at the Buddha-Bar in Dubai : ) 
Just got back from a night in the desert . 
off to Egypt today : ) 
can see the Nile from his balcony : ) 
palm trees and mist make for a beautiful morning : ) 
is spending the day with an Egyptologist - another dream come true : ) 
has met Ramses II and Hatshepsut ! 
is going back to the States : ( 
on a flight from New York to Atlanta 
is back home 
doesn't feel like going to school right now 
meteor shower tonight ! 
missing Cairo 
jet lagged and wide awake at 5 am ! 
church activity , school then the movies : ) 
math :( 
school then movies : ) 
wants to go to the movies . 
breakfast : ) 
working on a photo project for my great-grandmother : ) 
night out with a friend : ) 
at church . 
no more essays please ! 
GOT AN A ON HIS RESEARCH PAPER ! 
is gonna be in MIA from Dec 11-28 : ) 
math test tomorrow : 0 
got out of class early : ) 
it's my birthday tomorrow ! 
Thank you all ! 
20 years today : ) 
Not another essay ! 
lunch with my grandparents then school : ) 
watching the Office : ) 
working on my one ... last ... essay . 
celebrating my dad's birthday 
english class was canceled again : ) 
my great-grandmother turned 90 today ! 
polys . class was canceled : ) 
is enjoying the warm < PROPFEMALE > weather : ) 
had an awesome dinner with his Mexican friends : ) 
best weather in the world ! 
school : ) 
so much to do and so little time . 
too much going on at school ! :O 
working on my last essay for the semester . 
okay English essay and math test all in one day ! :O 
is dying to go to the Andes again ! 
is at the mall . 
went the opera today . 
last day of political science class ! 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone : ) 
let the feasting begin ! 
had a great Thanksgiving : ) 
woke up way to late lol 
is going to the mountains today : ) 
has another big dinner tonight with friends and family . 
tuve < PROPFEMALE > noche divertida : ) 
school then an event with nuns . 
first final tomorrow :O 
is taking a final today : 0 
is sooooo excited cause I'm taking Italian next semester : ) 
has his schedule for next semester : ) 
one more week till I'm in Miami : ) 
liked the Christmas concert . 
lunch with friends and then the mall . 
so neverous about tomorrow's final : ( 
taking my world history final today . 
just got another cousin ; her name is LUCÍA < PROPFEMALE > : ) 
two more finals tomorrow and then done : ) 
last day of school :) 
one more final to go : ) 
is done with his first semester of college : ) 
is so sick : ( 
isn't gonna be able to go down to Miami till next week : ( 
is feeling so much better : ) 
it's 36 degrees ! TOO COLD ! 
another freezing day . 
¡Feliz día de la < PROPFEMALE > de < PROPFIRST > ! : ) 
is craving < PROPFEMALE > tarta de < PROPMALE > : ) 
is having a boring break so far ... 
did amazingly well in all my classes this semester : ) 
meeting up with friends . 
wants to get his DNA tested to learn more about his ancestry : ) 
will be in Miami in two days : ) 
loves his grandparents : ) 
RIP < PROPFEMALE > Murphy : ( 
one more day till Miami : ) 
LOVED AVATAR : ) 
is in Miami : ) 
had an awesome Christmas :) 
is having an awesome time in Miami . 
is gonna chill and have a Jamaican-Venezuelan lunch : ) 
had an awesome time tonight with my two oldest friends : ) 
back in atl . 
Yo solo quiero pegar en la radio , Para ganar mi primer millón , Para comprarte < PROPFEMALE > casa grande , En donde quepa tu corazón 
there's frost on my lawn .... it's freezing ! 
is ready start the next decade : ) 
HAPPY NEW YEAR FROM LONDON ! 
is totally missing Dubai : ( 
has the best mom in the world , who is also the best cook - she just made us a < PROPMALE > dinner :) 
it snowed : ) 
Nine was awesome 
loved Los Abrazos Rotos . 
back to school today : ) 
is loving Italian : ) 
went to confession today : ) 
movies . 
studying for Italian : ) 
bored in English . 
looks like I might be heading to Mexico soon : ) 
quiz in math today . 
I just made an I on my math test , I'm sure of it :) 
quiz today in psychology :( 
bored at school . 
just learned some interesting info about my very rare last name : ) 
had the best dinner tonight , made by none other than my grandmother - BACALAO A LA VIZCAÍNA : ) 
more snow : ) 
took the day off today : ) 
had a bad start today . 
has to write two essays by Tuesday ... ugh . 
< PROPMALE > pressure for tomorrow in Italian ... but I'm not nervous at all : ) 
finally working on my movie research paper . 
IT'S FREAKIN ' COLD OUTSIDE !!! 
boring day so far , let's see how the night goes ... 
poor Chile , another earthquake : ( 
I totally just bombed my math test , it was like freakin ' Hiroshima ! 
SPRING BREAK IS FINALLY HERE !!! 
perfec weather outside ! 
Academy Awards tonight ! I'm rooting for < PROPFEMALE > : ) 
Happy anniversary mom & dad ! 
is dying to go to the Canary Islands !!! 
ho bisogno di fare i miei compiti d'italiano più spesso . 
awesome weather ! 
loving life , even the difficult parts : ) 
went to confession , took a nap , and now I'm happy/energized : ) 
in Texas . 
allergies bite . 
lmao when did everyone at school start wanting to be Cuban ? 
stressed ! 
everything came out well ! : ) 
really needs to finish his essay . 
is enjoying his family : ) 
is ready for a relaxing weekend : ) 
has the most beautiful sister in the world - have fun at prom < PROPFEMALE > : ) 
got a new phone : ) 
is exempt from the compass test !!!!! 
math final tomorrow ! 
watched documentaries all day : ) 
Happy Mother's Day to the most beautiful , thoughtful , dedicated , and kindest woman in the world : my mom : ) 
Italian final today ! 
is done with the semester ! 
is totally craving paella : ( 
happy to have my parents back home from Spain : ) 
is so so sick : ( sniffing Vicks Vaporub . 
loves Weeds : ) 
Woohoo Germany !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > Mexico ! 
GO SPAIN !!! 
going to the zoo with my little cousin : ) 
GO GERMANY ! 
¡¡¡Viva España !!! 
way way too hot today . 
Hey hello < PROPFEMALE > , we are part of the new USA , people , listen people , let us share what we have today .... gente , oiga gente , hay que ver ... 
¡Gane o pierda , en mi casa está la fiesta España , te tenemos paella , tapas , migas manchegas , sangria , y < PROPFEMALE > flan ! 
is really craving some indian food right now :) 
last math test today before the final . 
final today ... this is when my summer is starting . 
gozando en México : ) 
at the beach :) 
LOVES MEXICO : ) 
exploring Chichén Itzá and Valladolid today :) 
back home from Mexico :( 
extraño a México :( 
is excited to take music appreciation next semester :) 
in MIA :) 
is already missing Miami :( 
leaving to Amsterdam today :) 
is loving Amsterdam . 
exploring outside of Delft and the Hague today . 
a little more Amsterdam and then leaving for Dubai :) 
in the Middle East :) 
awesome day at Dubai Mall :) 
is returning to the desert :) 
loving Dubai :) :) :) 
doesn't want to go home :( 
just got back home and found out my fish died :( 
back to school . 
has a huge headache from school ! 
they're remaking Titanic in 3-D ! 
sto cucinando pesto < PROPFEMALE > genovese per la cena :) 
Vivaldi's the best . 
enjoying my time with my family visiting from Venezuela :) 
Dinner : home fettuccine alfreddo , london broil , toasted bread , delicious salad , and WINE = :) 
hope I can study in Salamanca one day , it looks AMAZING ! 
I'm so disgusted right now . I don't want to even look at another fast food restaurant . The way they treat animals is beyond repulsive . Our food is NOT NATURAL . Totally going organic and everyone else should , too . 
Happy 18th birthday < PROPFEMALE > ! 
cleaning my car :) 
just found out that a little thing of 8mm film stored away in my house is actually never before seen footage of my grandparents ' wedding in Nov 1968 !!! I HAVE TO HAVE IT CONVERTED TO DVD !!!!!!! 
had dinner with < PROPFEMALE > Ramirez and < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . 
enjoying my new job so far :) 
loooooong day at work 
you can totally feel fall in the air today . 
another day with awesome weather ! 
Happy birthday to my mom - the sweetest , most giving , best mom in the world !!! I love you ! 
finally got the hope scholarship ! 
Beautiful day . 
Just had a great night out with my friends ! 
Thanks everyone for your birthday wishes ! 
Happy anniversary to my amazing grandparents ! 42 years ! 
tired of school . 
thanksgiving at my grandparents this year :) 
Christmas in England :) 
thought racism against cubans was dead :( 
dinner tonight should be interesting . 
happy 70th birthday to my wonderful grandpa ! 
enjoying time with my family on my grandpa's b-day :) 
did awesome on my Italian final ! Grazie a Dio ! 
driving home all I saw were accidents and heard ambulances ... everyone needs to get used to the ice :) 
is going to donate a share of an alpaca to someone in need :) 
feels like eating < PROPFEMALE > boliche asado :) 
work , work , and more work ... but I'm loving it :) 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS FELIZ NAVIDAD BUON NATALE :) 
loves the snow :) 
off to England :) 
is finally home :) 
the office is the best show ever ! 
feels like eating torta de < PROPMALE > :) 
loving the snow . 
s n o w : ) 
loves being locked away at home on a snow day :) 
back to school today :( 
love all my classes , especially anthropology :) 
it's so hard becoming a Spanird :( 
cenando como < PROPFEMALE > español < PROPFEMALE > noche :) 
PERFECT weather today :) 
wishing I was in London :( 
looooong day at work . 
gonna a have a new cousin by the end of the day ! 
meeting little < PROPMALE > today :) 
La raíz de todas las pasiones es el amor . De él nace la tristeza , el gozo , la alegría y la desesperación . \ 
- Lope de Vega :) 
loves homemade Mexican food . 
happy to be in Miami :) 
gozando con la familia :) 
loving the perfect weather in Miami today , so sad about Japan though :( 
spent an awesome day in Islamorada . 
Gave an awesome speech today on drinking water in Public Speaking :) 
Happy anniversary to my awesome parents ! 
< PROPFEMALE > noche comeré < PROPFEMALE > cena criolla-venezolana con familia y amigos :) 
rest in peace < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > . 
