will go batshit fucking insane if the rooms on west campus are taken . 

Tired of bullshit . 
A cigarette takes 5-20 minutes off my life . At the end of my life , will I want them back ? 
\Your puss invaded Iraq\ " - < PROPFEMALE > Cho " 
In my head the flesh seems thicker . 
Obama won't kill your grandparents , you fucking dumbshit . Don't understand public healthcare ? 2 suggestions : travel to Europe or kill yourself . Either is fine with me . 
Uncle's in hospital , Grandad's in hospital . 
wants the Ad Council to stop using fuckin ' Disney footage in commercials for ristupidiculame causes . 
< PROPFEMALE > Cho signed my boob . Also in the news , facebook is being really bizarre . 
R.I.P. < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > May 24 , 1921 - September 28 , 2009 . 
Where are you assholes when I really need you ? 
I think I like her , and she didn't even have to poop in my aquarium . 
Who the fuck changed my status to colon cleanser bullshit ? I'll motherfucking kill you . 
Who the fuck changed my status to colon cleanser bullshit ? I'll motherfucking kill you . By the way , colon cleansing is new age bullshit , and so's your face . 
weighs 97 lbs but still has several facebook ads featuring special exercise programs for the obese . Also , those \are you sad because no one loves you and you're going to die alone ? \ " ads aren't very nice . " 
did something she should have done a long time ago . 
has found the girl she's been looking for all those years . <3 I'm in England right now . Please leave a message after the ' beep ' . Beep . 
is waiting for the dryer to finish so that she can wear pants . 
wonders what it would be like if there were gay ions . * Blink . * 
feels like her AdSense doesn't understand her . 
wishes there were an honesty box for photos . The pose may be interesting , but you are still fat . 
has invented < PROPFEMALE>'s Bubble Tea and is the smartest person in the universe . 
wants a bra that sucks less than < PROPFEMALE>'s Secret's . 
is sitting alone , slowly consuming all of the food in her girlfriend's room . Sorry , Chiung-Yi . 
cannot seem to completely prevent embarrassing applications from posting on her wall . Sorry . 
\That little lady just farted off with a piece of my heart\ " ~ The < PROPMALE > Show " 
Doesn't know how she'll be able to sleep without her baby there to listen to her snoring :[ 
Yes , PLEASE put more shitty song lyrics as your status ! I simply cannot get enough of them ! 
accidentally left catnip bag in her purse . Catnip is all over the house , and my cats are batshit fucking insane . 
Has a horrible multicolored bruise from tripping on the steps while walking to class this morning . :( 
Hoping for the safe rescue and treatment of the earthquake victims in Haiti . My heart goes out to the grieving survivors . 
Hoping for the safe rescue and treatment of the earthquake victims in Haiti as well as a swift recovery for the country . My heart goes out to the grieving survivors . On January 12 around 5 pm , the quake struck Haiti . Barack Obama vowed to send help ; the first US ship arrived on January 13th . When Hurricane < PROPFEMALE > hit the AMERICAN city of New Orleans , help didn't arrive for FIVE DAYS while Bush hid at his ranch . 
is looking for more weight loss buddies . Anyone interested ? 
Last night , I dreamt my parents tried to sell me on eBay . The highest bid was $ 3,506 . 
Thank you , but please , do not send Smiles , Pet Smileys , or Blessings . They are actually curses . Curses that make me frown . 
is wearing red for Haiti but is not sure how that's going to help anything . 
< PROPFIRST > Brown can kiss my assachusetts . 
' s bastard cat just attacked her left eyeball . Seriously , I narrowly missed damage to my eye ... my contact lens shielded me , and I have a bleeding scratch on my lower eyelid . Balls . 
' s phone is dead . Call my house if you need something from me . Probably not , but just in case ... 
has a new cell phone and was able to import her contacts , so does not need to make one of those \My cell phone was retarded/gay/n*****/Mexican/[insert word offensively used by stupid people as a synonym for ' stupid ' ] so you need to give me your number\ " groups . Go me . " 
saw Avatar and was instantly transformed into one of those assholes who criticizes movie physics . 
According to my calorie calculator , I burn more calories sitting in class than I do having sex :[ 
' s cat attacked her face again . Seriously , he got my entire nose in his mouth . There are bite marks . He lured me in by purring and stuff ... I think I have a problem . 
Ancient Chinese Secret . 
wants to know why Blackboard has yet to remove her 2005 JAPN 105 course from her desktop . 
Don't boycott Twilight because it's crappy soft-core porn for prepubescent girls ; boycott Twilight because 10% of < PROPFEMALE > Meyer's profit goes to the Mormon Church , which leads a crusade against same-sex marriage and helped put Prop 8 on the ballot . I thought it was a harmless , lame teenage fad , but I was wrong . 
Nothing makes me lose confidence like studying a textbook full of typos . 
is moving out this weekend . I'm becoming a woman . 
refuses to be told that she's not \klassy \"." 
is hoping for peace , healing , and resolution in Haiti . Donate to the American Red Cross to help , rather than the Salvation Army , which still discriminates against LGBT people . 
When are we supposed to take those celebrity profile pictures down ? 
had a beautiful set of drawers to move her clothes into ... then Genghis annexed them . 
really hungry but trying to lose weight . I may resort to eating my girlfriend's pillow . It's memory foam , so I know it will be filling . 
' s mom cut off a little more hair than she expected . I feel like a shorn sheep . 
is chowing down on a 117 calorie , 2 course meal . 
Contrary to how you might try and defend yourself : 1 . If you are against same-sex marriage , you are homophobic , as you clearly do not hold gay people and their relationships with the same respect that you hold straight people and their relationships . 2 . If you are against interracial relationships , you are racist . 
' s girlfriend just bought her a snuggie . Who says romance is dead ? 
, 2 . Roaches , 0 . 
, 6 . Roaches , 0 . 
must choose between the freedom to eat what she wants and the freedom to wear cute little clothes without looking like a popped tin of biscuits . 
is thinking about making the bold switch from skinny jeans back to boot cut jeans . 
< PROPMALE > peed in Dad's car . 
It is rape , not surprise sex . 
If you criticize me , I have the right to criticize your spelling , grammar , punctuation , diction , and capitalization . In fact , I have the right to do that anyway . Kiss my elitist ass . 
is sick and tired of roaches . Seriously , they don't even scuttle away when I turn the lights on . They're all cocky and shit because they know they outnumber us . 
is reading creepy messages on lamebook.com and is wondering why she hasn't received any . Seriously , I get them on other sites ! 
Leggings are pants , your jailbait ass is just too young to remember the early 90s . 
Some lame guys tried to pick us up at < PROPMALE > Teeter . Look , I know that grocery stores are sexy , sexy places , but keep it in your pants ! 
has lost a lot in her life due to mental illness , and is now realizing that a lot of it was aggravated by computer failure . < PROPFEMALE > , I blame you for all my computer problems . P.S. Don't install XP over Vista unless you do not care about the following functions : CTRL+ALT+DEL , sound , and wireless internet . 
is considering another fake suicide attempt to get out of exams . Does anyone want to help me out with a fake murder attempt ? 
had trouble with the little USB wireless card . It turned out that the hole was saggy , loose , and worn out , like your mom's vagina . Chiung-Yi found a nice , new , tight , barely 18 year-old USB socket , and all is well . 
if the Jews controlled the media and the country , then there wouldn't be overblown Christmas bullshit everywhere 4 months out the year . White supremacists/conspiracy theorists should either take some fucking antipsychotics or kill themselves . 
is going to the gym . 
and Chiung-Yi had crabs . 
So Ram's Head was charging $10 to park at Ram's Head due to the stupid basketball game , even though I only wanted to use the gym . I think Duke just gained a fan . 
Keep < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > off my precious money ! 
NEWS FLASH ! Obama will not make the U.S. a socialist country . Even if he did , I would be happy . I don't think we're building gulags or having a cultural revolution any time soon . 
bought Mom jeans . I no longer gave a fuck if I look matronly in them . I am fucking sick of having jeans that only cover half of my asscrack . If I ever meet the first person to design low-rise jeans , I will punch him ( yes , I am sure it was a man ) . Punch him in the asscrack . 
Maybe he went to < PROPMALE > , but I went to Taco < PROPFEMALE > . 
You're a complete asshole for trying to hide me on facebook . 
Every fast food meal is followed by burps of shame and regret . 
spraypainted her own eyes ( yes , by accident ) . Why must all of my injuries be so stupid ? 
Once the Census wants you , they won't let you go . They want me to start working the week before exams . Seriously ? 
is fat . For some reason , my sleep cycle keeps reversing itself . Maybe I was born to be nocturnal , like bats and cockroaches . 
has decided that pants are merely a formality . 
: So ... you're saying that you want to be a fly , killed by being squashed in my cleavage with your slimy guts smashed everywhere ? Chiung-Yi Tseng : Yes . 
* Insert self-indulgent song lyrics here * 
was Dildor until facebook decided that prosthetic nudity is still nudity :[ 
Yo ... I need to write this paper ... I can't seem to stay motivated or focused . Balls . 
So someone replied to our sublease ad with an emotional sob story that was longer than my college admissions essays , and included the name of a < PROPFEMALE > that she encouraged us to donate to . WTF ? She wanted our full names , address , and phone < PROPFIRST > . It just doesn't feel right . I mean , there must be some reason she wants us to feel sorry for her before we've even met her . 
My puss is the best on the block , yo ' puss invaded Iraq ! 
I had a hole in my heart/So I threw away my plate/Because nothing would fill me up/ Whatever I ate . 
Do you ever look at porn ? Do you ever look at porn and end up finding people you know ? 
is 21 . 
had such a good birthday she needs a tetanus shot . 
feels she did not get drunk enough on her birthday . I should have finished my cocktail at The Lantern , which appeared to be vodka , mixed with vodka , with a shot of vodka . 
When you're dancing on the floor , and you bring home some filthy whore , gonorrhea , gonorrhea ! 
Does anyone know a good substitute for fresh parsley ? I have no fresh herbs . I'm almost tempted to raid my neighbors ' gardens . 
wants a queen-sized bed , a bookshelf , a desk , an office chair , and a dresser for her room . Does anyone know where I can get one ? Please ? All my family gave me for my birthday is booze ... 
Chiung-Yi Tseng : \I wipe my ass with my right hand ! \ " Me : \ " I just use toilet paper . \"" 
wants to get to the pool before all the neighbor children pee in it . 
I need advice ! Does anyone have tips on how to get your children ( or in my case , significant other , who is very similar ) to eat vegetables ? 
< PROPFIRST > Beck is a joke , right ? He's just kidding , right ? 
Stop being happier than I am . 
I have a new cat and my fiancée can't stop farting on it . 
has a hunger that food can't fill . 
Maybe I'm just a complete idiot with a total disregard for planning and schedules , but why are people supposed to pick their wedding date a year or more in advance ? What if that turns out to be the day that a tornado hits or something ? Expect the unexpected ! 
Dear Cat : The purpose of the prescription diet food was not so that you can somehow manage to make a hole in the 10 lb . bag and consume the contents . 
It would appear that some Obama critics , who opposed the expansion of the central government's responsibilities ( e.g. healthcare ) , now feel that it's the central government's responsibility to clean up the oil spill . Make up your fucking mind . I believe that all people should have access to standardized healthcare , and that the government should oversee BP's cleanup efforts . 
Me : \Who will assist your parents when they get old ? \ " Chiung-Yi Tseng : \ " The nurse or the mermaid will take care of them ! \"" 
< PROPMALE > Cheney is only 69 ? I thought he was like 105 ... 
refuses to recognize unions between individuals who supported Prop 8 . It's only fair . 
didn't see Eclipse last night . Or ever . 
Something possessed Chiung-Yi Tseng to buy 8 ears of corn that we don't have room for . Anyone know any good corn recipes ? 
wants to go to a pool NOW ! Does anyone have the code to a pool that will work right now ? 
We had to cut a hole in the sofa bed because the kitten kept getting trapped in it . 
< PROPFEMALE > was founded on principles of religious freedom . To deny this freedom to Muslims is directly contrary to this principle . The mosque should have the same right to be built near Ground Zero as a church or a synagogue . Religious extremism is the enemy , not a specific religion . 
\But goat is elegant ! \ " ~ Chiung-Yi Tseng " 
Maybe we should get a pet tarantula . A lot of pet tarantulas . Not the caged kind , they'll just be loose in the house . Then no one will complain about my awesome cat again ! 
Spay and neuter your pets ! Or you can spay or neuter yourself . 
Love is actually not the slowest form of suicide , but reading shitty quotes written by whiny 14 year-olds is pretty self-destructive . 
Share a memory that you have of me here . I like it when other people talk about me . <3 
Does anyone know of any basic ( high pH ) foods ? It seems that all food is acidic . 
is a hungry , hungry hippo . 
Please avoid posting application-related stuff on my wall unless it really is interesting on a personal level . I'm tired of going through 509684069584 notifications only to find that none of my REAL friends interacted with me through the clusterfuck of Farmville notifications . Sorry . 
After years of having blue eyes , multiple people are now telling me that my eyes are green . I'm facing an identity crisis here . 
Why isn't < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > fat ? Seriously , she's a normal size , but she's like , \The normal BLT wasn't enough ... so I added heavy cream and FUNNEL CAKE ! And I'm serving it with ice cream and blue cheese . Don't forget to dunk in EVOO . \"" 
Does anyone in the triangle area like Forever 21 ? My girlfriend tried to make a return , but they only give store credit . I love that store , but I can't afford to buy all of it back from her ( it's about $72 ) . Maybe we could go shopping together ? 
went off her diet for one week and gained 6 lbs . Seriously ? 
I'm so lucky to have found someone who ( usually ) accepts and loves me for who I am . For years , I thought I was unlovable , but Chiung-Yi Tseng has shown me that I was ( somehow ) wrong . I love you . 
God damn it , I hate it when apps post crap without my permission . To anyone whose wall I have flooded : I'm sorry . 
Taping her jigsaw puzzle together because the cats keep destroying it and trying to eat the pieces . 
brought home some pill pocket treats to help her cat take some medicine . Unfortunately , Chiung-Yi Tseng thought they were salmon candies ... 
My baby's going back to Taiwan for a week . I'll be so lonely ! 
Eating all of Chiung-Yi Tseng's food while she's in Taipei . Surely this cheese & sour cream potato chip and M&Ms diet will give me the thighs I've always dreamed of . I mean , it worked for her , right ? 
Why does everything I love get discontinued ? Rest in peace , CoverGirl Trushine in Nude Shine 470 . I thought I had finally found my lipstick soulmate , but now I am a lipstick widow . I hope they don't discontinue Chiung-Yi . 
hates almost everything in style this spring . I should have stocked up last year . 
