Is tired of things getting in the way of my goals . Not giving up though so get in the ring or get under the wing 

Going through a very rough time in my life . Seems like the harder I try , the worse it gets . Something has to change . 
DB's! Wooooooooooo 
Knowledge is to know that a tomatoe is a fruit . Wisdom is know that it doesn't belong in a fruit salad . 
If you do what you've always done , you'll get what you've always gotten . 
does not like managerial accounting right now ! 
All things are possible through Christ who strengthens me .... 
I miss all my high school friends :-( high school was so much fun 
hard to stay focused too much interference . hopefully next time it will be god centered .... if there is a next time . god has rules for a reason , time to atone for my transgressions 
Good , Better , Best ... Never give less ALWAYS try to make your good better and your better the best ! 
wow loyalty means nothing to people these days !!! 
I finally found someone who makes me happy , was there the whole time and i never seen it . Unfortunately it took alot of heartache and backlash to get where I'm headed but i've arrived ! 
Its an unexplainable hurt when the ones closest to your heart are the cause ! 
Talking about you .... Mine as well tell you about the thoughts that I've been having , with a list so long a hardly know where to start . Don't be offended if I tell you your hell of a kind of woman and you do something special to my heart .... 
lost all my < PROPFIRST > so text me or inbox me yours if i had it 
Just like the sun , lights up the earth , you light up my life .... the only\ 
one , I've ever seen with a smile so bright and just yesterday , you \ 
came around my way and changed my whole scenery with your astonishing\ 
beauty .... you coulda make a brother sing , \ 
you ordinary \ 
thing , a supernatural being , I know you are just brighter than \ 
the moon\ 
Brighter than the < PROPFEMALE > , I love you just the way you are .... My African < PROPFEMALE > 
You wear the mask that grins and lies it hides your cheeks and shades your eyes this debt we pay to human guile with torn and bleeding hearts you smile ... 
If not YOU then WHO ? If not NOW then WHEN ?? 
It's so hard to do the right thing all the time ! People take advantage of it , continuously . Your trying to show GODS love and people use that against you . How do you hold up ? Where do you draw the line between love and ignorance ? Do you give up at all ? GOD doesn't .... 
another day another opportunity =) 
I expect more .. especially from you . When you know better you're supposed to do better . 
I wonder why people can't just say how they truly feel . I guess it's pride or maybe fear . Don't want to be vulnerable or seem weak ? whatever the case is don't lose out on your special something or someone because you couldn't say what you needed to say ... 
I have NEVER needed a friend more than I need one now .... 
In many a home the wife and mother has no time to read , to keep herself well informed , no time to be a companion to her husband , no time to keep in touch with the developing minds of her children . There is no time or place for the precious Saviour to be close , dear companion . 
Little by little she sinks into a mere household drudge , her strength and time and interest absorbed in the things that perish with the using . Too late she awakes to find herself almost a stranger in her own home . The precious opportunities once hers to influence her dear ones for the higher of life , unimproved , have passed away forever . 
True love Vs . Passion ..... Love is not unreasonable ; it is not blind . It is pure and holy . But the passion of the natural heart is another thing all together . While pure love will take God into all its plans , and will be perfect in < PROPFEMALE > with the spirit of God , passion will be headstrong , rash , unreasonable and will make the object if it's choice an idol . 
I want to thank everyone for the birthday love ! It means a lot , love you all ! ;-) 
Help me , O God , to resist temptation , to put all bitterness and wrath and evil speaking out of my heart . Give me Thy meekness , Thy lowliness , Thy long-suffering and Thy love . Leave me not to dishonor my Redeemer , to misinterpret the words and motives of my wife ... Help me that I may be kind , pitiful , tenderhearted , forgiving ... Help me to be a real \house-band \"" 
People are afraid of what they don't understand . That's cool , why don't you go and educate yourself ? Oh you don't want too . Why ? Because it's in a book and you have to do more work than what your willing too ? So what are you goals ? Any < PROPMALE > of becoming a better person ? Parent ? Spouse ? Why not ? Oh , because your caught up in material things . Don't want anything spiritual , anything of substance or meaning ? 
I miss my sister =( 
What makes a man a MAN and a woman a WOMAN ? 
Hypocrites really rub me the wrong way !!! Don't act like you all bent out of shape about something someone did too you and then turn around and do the same thing to someone else in the same day .... and then to your own family at that . People do anything for attention these days . 
Finally , some peace of mind . This is genuine .... 
People should really work on the imperfections in there character before they decide to enter into relationship or even friendships . It can definitely ruin you even further and the people you come in contact with . Don't succumb to the passions of the heart or the materiality of this world . 
Happy Sabbath Everyone ! 
But I say unto you , Love your enemies , bless them that curse you , do good to them that hate you , and pray for them which despitefully use you , and persecute you .. \ 
< PROPFIRST > 5:44 \ 
But if ye forgive men not their trespasses , neither will your Father forgive your trespasses .. < PROPFIRST > 6:15 \ 
People can be so cold hearted ! I felt I needed so say this 
There's only two sides . So no matter what type of rationale or justification you use in this world it WILL NOT be a valid argument come judgment day against divine wisdom . You're either with God the way he says be with him or you're not with him at all . Make Christ like choices for yourself and the people you care about , especially your children . It's all to help you be truly happy anyway . #openyoureyes 
Finding a woman too marry has to be the hardest thing on earth to do !! slightly depressing 
The man who knows how to deal with suffering is the man who knows peace . 
Let them alone : they be blind leaders of the blind . And if the blind lead the blind , both shall fall into the ditch . ---- < PROPFIRST > 15:14 
I find it funny how some people can call others selfish when they themselves are the ones who use people too no extent to better their situation regardless of how it effects you . Don't tell these people that you have other priorities or can't help when they want you too then there's a problem . Inconsiderate selfish people really get under my skin especially when they excuse or rationalize their behavior #hypocrites 
For by grace are ye saved through faith ; and that not of yourselves : it is the gift of God : Not of works , lest any man should boast . For we are his workmanship , created in Christ Jesus for good works , which God hath before ordained that we should walk in them . EPHESIANS 2:8 -10 ( if anyone needs a breakdown feel free to ask ) 
NOTHING reveals character like adversity ! You want to see how someone truly feels/behaves . Go through the hard times with them and see how they treat you then . It's always nice when everything is going your way but what about when its not ? When someone shows you who they are believe it , don't make excuses for them . Something I learned the hard way . 
So excited !!! My first interview went well at this CPA firm today . I was extended an invitation . Now I just got a call from P&G saying they want to interview me Friday ! Pray for me everyone !! God is good !!! 
Ready to take steps in this new direction , sucks to have to do it alone . If it's in his will then it will happen . I've let go lets see if it comes back .... 
It's funny how people only talk to you when they want something but claim to be someone that cares about you lol . Man they make it real hard to be a Christian ! That mess used to get under my skin , but not anymore things have changed sorry .... 
Unyielding faith is what we need ! Hard times come and hard times go as long as you have Jesus as your foundation . Jesus said learn about him his heart is gentle and humble ; you WILL find rest in your soul . His yoke is easy and his burden is light . As Christians we are deal with adversity differently ( as Christ did ) and never lose faith no matter how the road appears . I'm going to follow my living example , are you ? 
Gotta learn to live with regrets :-/ ..... 
For people will be lovers of self , of money , proud , arrogant , abusive , disobedient to their parents , ungrateful , unholy , heartless , unappeasable , slanderous , without self-control , brutal , not loving good , treacherous , reckless , swollen with conceit , lovers of pleasure rather than lovers of God , having the appearance of godliness , but denying its power . Avoid such people ! 2 < PROPFIRST > 2-5 
So what if i'm different . Money is not my motivation . I'm not materialistic . I'm striving to offer you the finer things in life , if you care you see it . I'm learning how to be a real man , the best father and husband . Do you what that is ? I know you want be to happy , so let go and let me lead the way . God is my foundation , with him I can't lose . With me or with them ? Baby girl it's time to choose . 
Forgiveness is good for the soul . I've been wronged and done even more wrong . It's so comforting to know that I have an all powerful , all loving God who will never turn his back on me . Even though I'm not deserving , I'm forever grateful . 
Happy sabbath everyone ! Question of the week : If the true day of worship is the seventh day of the week ( saturday ) , then why do so many people worship on Sunday ? 
So I guess I'm not a good man from what I'm told . That's an interesting thought being it comes from a person who happened to be close to me . I wonder if there's validity in that statement now seeing that I can't seem to give people what they want in life . 
Relationships and life .... My newest note , check it out and tell me how you feel on the subject 
I Wanna be loved\ 
Not for who you think I am\ 
Nor what you want me to be\ 
Could you love me for me ? \ 
Real love , with no strings attached\ 
I wanna give you my heart\ 
Don't want to take it back 
An apple-tree does not bare apples in order to BE an apple-tree . An apple-tree bares apples because it IS an apple-tree . Christian don't do good works in order to BE saved . Christians do good works because they ARE saved . We're saved by grace alone , through faith alone , to the < PROPFEMALE > of God alone . The faith which saves always works(double meaning) ! ---- Happy Sabbath 
You'll never get anywhere in a relationship when people only care about what makes them happy . Common in our current state of mind but when you accept and excuse selfishness it consumes you and your significant other . Make better choices please . 
The 5 C's of a relationship under God . Conversion Commitment Compassion Compromise and Communication . Learn these by God and you WILL have a successful relationship/ marriage --- happy sabbath 
I hope I don't over analyze this . I just want to be extra cautious until I get the answers I need . 
Why is the best road so hard ? 
I'm not better than you , I just make better choices . I can't be what you want me to be or do what you want me to do , unless in accordance with my father's will . I have a different calling but you're welcome to come along ...... 
Preaching is too much avail , but practice is much more effective . Living a Godly life is the best remedy for a skeptic . Until you have given up yourself to him , your are without your real self . 
People always manage to get my spirits down . I just don't understand individuals and their reasoning anymore . 
Another day another opportunity ! 
Jesus is knocking at your door , let him in , tomorrow you say . Jesus is salvation , accept him , tomorrow you say . Do it today , tomorrow may very well be to late ! 
Premature celebrations suck ! Especially when you're the only one celebrating :( 
The secular becomes spiritual when ones heart is focused on the eternal .... the spiritual becomes secular when ones heart is focused on the temporal ---- The goal is everlasting life with God , time to evaluate ourselves ! :-) 
Someone I bond with , someone I can feel . I know it's real . You illuminate my shadows , bring warmth to my heart and growth to my life . I guess she's my sunshine :-) 
Therefor I say unto you , Take no thought for your life , what ye shall eat or drink ; or for your body what ye shall put on . Is not life more than food and the body more than clothes ? \ 
Behold the birds of the air ; for they sow not , neither do they reap ; nor gather into homes ; yet your heavenly father feeds them . Are you not worth much more than they ? < PROPMALE > 6:25 , 26 
I am the way , the truth , and the life : no man cometh unto the Father , but by me . -- St. < PROPFIRST > 14 : 6 
The pain of discipline or the pain of regret ? We all have a choice and our choices < PROPFEMALE > consequences . Straight and narrow is the way but many won't make it because narrow is the way . Choose wise ! Happy Sabbath ! 
People who sacrifice their health for wealth while their young , tend to sacrifice that wealth for health when they get old . Moral of the story is .... 
Shout out to all the mothers who are positive forces in their childrens lives . Special shout out to Dorletta , < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > . Your children love you very much keep up the good work . LOVE YOU MOMMY ! 
Give the world the best you have and you may get hurt . Give the\ 
world your best anyway . Few of us can do great things , but all of us\ 
can do small things with great love . 
If you're not the lead dog the scenery never changes 
Questions : Is sin real ? Does it exist ? What is its origin ? 
Trying to stay focused and positive ..... 
I need to get out of the house and do something . I am going to go nuts ! 
I'M MARRIED NOW !!!! :-) 
Sigh I just received a new phone and I have no contacts . So text me or inbox me your < PROPFIRST > people !! 
From now on , the key is knowledge . The world is not becoming labor intensive , nor material intensive , nor energy intensive , but knowledge intensive . 
We are what we repeatedly do . Excellence , then , is not an act but a habit . 
< PROPMALE > 1/12 and the Mavs still in it lol . You heat fans better hope he don't start feeling himself this half ! 
Lol i called this !!!! Miami will get all the way to finals and lose lol hahaha i love this . 
I have good news ! We are saved through Grace alone , Faith alone , in Christ alone . Your works doesn't guarantee salvation . Reach out to the < PROPMALE > of all kings , as our Lord is the only key to salvation . ----- Happy Sabbath ! 
It hurts me to see men ( young and old ) who have no respect for women . The degrading comments , mental , emotional and physical abuse is unacceptable . Thats not a MAN in any sense of word . I pray that these \men\ " reevaluate their lives so that they way be worthy to utter the words \ " I am a man ! \ " Lead by example ! --- Happy Sabbath " 
Life is as easy or as difficult as you make it . Attitude determines a lot . So , be sure to stay positive , humble and keep faith regardless of the challenges you face . There is one who WILL see you through it all . Be encouraged ! Have a great day everyone . 
I was asked a question today . Do you think God made a mistake creating lucifer seeing as he is the origin of sin ? What you do you think ? No right or wrong answers . 
Sometimes its discouraging when things don't go as you plan . I refuse to settle . I have a wife , kids , an army of brothers , sisters , nephews and cousins that I take personal responsibility for . I have to be an example , the leader ! Strengthened by the ones I hold dear , so I am empowered ! I can't fail we have to much to lose . However , I am willing to accept whatever God has planned , I know I can't do it alone . 
1 And at that time shall < PROPFIRST > stand up , the great < PROPMALE > which standeth up for the children of thy people ; and there shall be trouble , such as never was ...... and at that time thy people shall be delivered , everyone that shall be found written in the book . 2 And many of them that sleep in the dust of the earth shall awake , some to everlasting life and some to shame and everlasting contempt . < PROPFIRST > 12:1 -2 Is YOUR name going to be written in the book when Jesus comes back ??!?! 
Dear Heavenly Father , I thank you that you hear me , as you always do . I just want to say that I love you for showing me a love that I had never known existed . Something so powerful and life changing that I would not dare go back to what was . I thank you for the lamb , Jesus and the comfort of the Holy Spirit . I ask that you continue to change me and use me to change those around me . In Jesus name I pray , Amen ! 
Don’t tell me you stopped loving anyone because they stopped loving you . I don’t want to hear you treat them different because they treat you different , or that they hurt you too bad there’s NO ounce of forgiveness in your heart . If God did that to any of us where would we be ? We are to put others above ourselves , whole heartedly and willingly , not because you have too but that is what love does . Love is deferential , NOT preferential ! You don’t love because of personal gain , Love is genuine ! 
I'm not better than you . I just make better choices . 
Why wasn't I informed that < PROPMALE>'s School of Business is brutal !?!? My brain hurts ! 
Thank you to everyone giving me birthday love !! I also accept birthday dinners lol !! Keep God as the center y'all ------ HAPPY SABBATH !! 
Hahaha I will not tolerate story telling < PROPFEMALE > !!! Y'all were just bad !! 
Meet the Greeks day ! Decisions Decisions ..... 
As a minority , you don't get the luxury of mediocrity , you have to be exceptional . So don't just slide by and say I did it , look back and say you earned it , excel !! 
Christ was treated as we deserve , that we might be treated as he deserves . He was condemned for our sins , in which He had no share , that we might justified by His righteousness , in which we had no share . He suffered the death which was ours , that we might receive the life that was His . I am forever grateful for the Lamb of God ----- Happy Sabbath !!! 
Not looking forward to this Federal Taxation Exam ! :-( 
A woman's attentiveness is a wonderful thing ! You should savour it if you are lucky enough to experience it . 
Sigh ... I love writing 9 < PROPFEMALE > exams anwers in that giant forbidden blue book ! I now have arthritis , thank you ! 
Those who claim to be sanctified , while they have no < PROPFEMALE > to search the Scriptures or to wrestle with God in prayer for a clearer understanding of Bible truth , know NOT what true sanctification is . Seek the truth ----- Happy Sabbath ! 
Success in life doesn't come without sacrifice . Your success may stop at a nice job , nice car , nice house but not mine . Honestly it's not even in my definition . Now teaching my son how to a be man , teaching my daughter how to evaluate a man , showing my wife she couldn't have chose a better man , being a leader , feeding my family mentally , spiritually and physically is success . Success for me is giving up my wants to pave the way for my family to better than I am . So often people will run you over for success but my self sacrifice has taken me further because I know who governs my success and it's not rooted in selfishness or material things . Thank you God !! 
