Another great New Year's < PROPFEMALE > at the Chandon Winery ! I hope everyone had as nice an evening as I did . Happy New Year . 

C8H10N4O2 , molecular love . 
is looking forward to rafting with friends this weekend . 
is psyched because he just found out he is going to Fiji for two weeks next month ! 
I just found out they are making a Fraggle Rock Movie ! I can't wait . 
is going golfing . 
Just killed like 40 yellow jackets and drained an entire can of bug spray . I was like < PROPFIRST > Goodman in Arachnophobia except better looking . :) 
invented < PROPMALE > Hadidian . 
is sad because < PROPFEMALE > Loeb is having a baby . :( 
I hate T- Mobile ! They need to go out of business . 
Why is Obama wasting time talking to high school students ? He can't possibly think they are going to listen to him . He is such a ham ! he will use any excuse to get in front of a camera . 
had a great < PROPMALE > floating down the Sacramento river with friends . 
It rained this morning ! 
watching football in HD on a 70\ Mitsu < PROPFEMALE > series . :) " 
welcome to my world . 
Just took a test to try and get out of my computer science class with full credit . Wish me luck . 
barely made it out of my philosophy class alive . People are f ****** retarded ! 
If anyone else is as frustrated as I am with slow load times on Firefox and Explorer , download Opera as your web browser . Way faster ! 
Why do perfectly healthy and able bodied people feel it necessary to use the handicap auto door opener ? Is it really that hard to push open a door with your hand ? Does it make them feel special ? It certainly isn’t faster . Are we really this close to having machines do everything for us like in Wall-E ? 
Waiting for my next class to start in like two hours . Friday's suck . 
\I hope you guy's bought hobo stab insurance . \"" 
Drinking beer and watching a Monster Quest episode about UFO's in my underwear . I'm only a trailer home away from total white trash . 
OMG , it's actually painful to watch Kansas City . I don't think I've ever seen an offense with some many penalties . Talk about shooting yourself in the foot . 
What is it about good sex that makes me have to crap ? You really < PROPMALE > something loose tiger . 
I love you Diageo , NYSE : DEO . You help us through the tough times . Good move unloading burger < PROPMALE > in ' 02 , its a turd of a company . hold on to < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , Ketel One and Crown Royal ... And I , will always love you ... 
Just spent $150 on a smog cert and oil change ! WTF ? Thats ridiculous . 
The Brothers Bloom is surprisingly awesome . 
It's called a sidewalk , not a sidestand . Get the F *** out of the way ! 
The new ipods are awesome ! 
Woohoo , Miami wins ! Suck it Jets ! 
I've been working on a new story . I know some of you have enjoyed reading my stuff in the past and I could use some impartial feedback . If you're interested let me know . p.s. it's a lot longer than any of my other ones . 
Philosophy is fun to talk about but awful to read ! 
Golf in the morning and 4 < PROPMALE > on the elyptical , ugh , ready for a nap . 
Got stung by a < PROPFEMALE > for about the tenth time , Cause I'm sweet like < PROPFEMALE > . Now my hand is going to swell up so I look like a character from , Who Framed < PROPMALE > Rabbit . That should make it easy to take notes in class . 
\Are you stalking me ? Because that would be super . \"" 
I got all dressed up to go to church today . I was looking pretty sexy . Then , stopped to visit my grand parents afterward . One of their dogs peed all over my slacks ! Good thing I didn't visit before church . Do you think that was God's way of saying he didn't like my pants ? I should have worn a pair with pleats . 
drove all the way to chico to facebook with < PROPMALE > in his living room . lol . This is the age of social networking . 
The nephew is finally asleep ! Where do children store so much energy in such small bodies ? 
Good day today ! Car window broke , bombed a test and almost got arrested for assault . I need a drink . 
I miss my Mustang ! It was so easy to work on and parts were so cheap ! And girls loved it . 
The new Onerepublic album is awesome ! The new < PROPFIRST > Mayer however , is barely tolerable . I guess he was too busy dating movie stars and fixing his hair to make a good album . 
Just got chased through campus by an angry goose . I better start carrying crackers with me just in case . 
is tired of seeing ads for porn and dating sites on the right side of my screen ! Come on Facebook , get some class ! 
Hi friends ! Some of you have asked to see some of recent poetry but I have been to lazy to email anything to you . Well , I uploaded about seven of my most recent poems to the Notes section of my profile so enjoy and feel free to criticize . < PROPFEMALE > this is especially for you . 
Had a busier weekend than I expected , barely slept a wink , can't wait to crawl into bed and watch < PROPFEMALE > Trek ! 
Got a shot ( MMR & H1N1 ) in each arm ! I'm a cesspool of immunity . 
Waiting , waiting , waiting for my last class to start . Most boring day on campus , EVER ! Wrote a couple of good poems though . I guess free time isn't all bad . 
Happy Thanksgiving ! 
Set the world record for worst round of golf ever played by four people . Still better than work or school . 
Long day of Christmas shopping and homework topped off with a couple of classic movies . Romy and < PROPFEMALE>'s High School Reunion , and Dumb and Dumber . Bring it , Monday . 
“FEAR is an acronym in the English language for \False Evidence Appearing Real \"" 
Saw the new Christmas < PROPFIRST > movie . Pretty good , though I could do without the 3D . I could barely tell < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > did the voice of Scrooge . Another great adaptation of the book that will really put you in the Christmas spirit . 
Can't sleep ! Grrrrrrr . 
Tired of studying , ready for the semester to end . 
Done with Finals ! If only I could say the same thing about Christmas shopping . 
Facebook ! Fix your instant messaging ! 
Awesome party in Napa on Friday , Fun weekend with family in Chico on Saturday and Sunday , Dessert and drinks at Galletto's on Sunday night . Great weekend ! 
OMG ! I got a B in my Grammar Class ! I totally thought I would be lucky to get a C . It's a Christmas Miracle . Seriously that is the hardest class I've ever taken . Chemistry , physics , philosophy ... have nothing on grammar . Our language makes no sense . 
Great Christmas < PROPFEMALE > with the fam . Pics to come later . 
Sherlock Holmes is surprisingly awesome ! Well worth the money . See it in digital if you have a choice . 
Excited for < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE>'s , 9 on bluray ! 
What is it about round-a-bouts that completely baffles so many people ? One of these days I'm going to stop slamming on my brakes for these idiots and let them buy me a new car . GRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR . 
Better Off < PROPMALE > is one of the funniest TV shows ever ! Also , < PROPFEMALE > De Rossi is totally hot . 
A cashier just asked me if I get carded a lot because I have such smooth skin . Did I mention the cashier was a dude ? 
God bless the person that invented heated seats ! 
Season five of Weeds is the best season yet ! Everyone needs to watch it . Hilarious . 
Thank you everyone for all the birthday wishes , text messages , post and cards . I am blessed to have such caring friends and family , I wish I could have spent my birthday with all of you . 
Hey everyone , I'm updating my contacts list so if it's not to much trouble can you please send me a message with your address , even if you think I already have it . Thanks . 
Nicholas : Usually a man of the gentleman class . Said person normally exhibits an out going nature , but is distinctly introverted . Many of the expressions of said person will be mysterious and enigmatic to the point of making no apparent sense . These creatures tend to excel in theoretical or academic fields . 
Now on leg two of the trip . LA was rainy and full of traffic but it was good to see my sister . So far Vegas is rainy too but the traffic is better . Spent last night at a cowboy bar that holds 2000 people ! tonight is a tossup between < PROPFIRST > Straight & < PROPFEMALE > or Bad Fish ( Sublime cover band ) . 
Best Super Bowl ever !!!! My throat is soar from all the screaming . Good night Vegas , I'll miss you . Leg three of the trip starts tomorrow at 7am . Off to Big Bear to check out dad's new cabin and go skiing . Yay . 
Big Bear was great ! My legs are sooo sore from skiing . It snowed all morning and took me hours to get down the mountain . Now I'm in < PROPFEMALE > Hills surfing the web from Starbucks . I feel like I'm in an episode of 90210 . 
Goodbye Sony A100 ! Hello Canon 50D . Woohoo ! 
First day of school , done . Sooo frustrated with the bureaucratic bullshit of the CSU system ! It makes me second guess my decision to further my education . And why isn't there a dress code for professors ? Come on people ! How can you expect to be taken seriously when you show up to work looking like a homeless person . Ugh ! 
Hooray for giant , sexy computer monitors ! 
Ugh , Why does doing the right thing always cost < PROPFEMALE > much more than the wrong thing ? And why is it such a pain in the ass ? God , if you're reading this could you make the right thing a little easier every once and a while ? Thanks . Mad love , < PROPMALE > . 
Has anyone seen the comercial for a new product called the Shake weight ? Am I the only one who finds it funny ? seriously , check it out . 
Zombieland on Bluray is AWESOME ! 
The puppies stole one of my slippers ! I can't find it anywhere . Can a puppy actually eat an entire slipper ? Now I have to ruin a perfectly good pair of sneakers in the woodshop . grrr . 
GTI has its own Pandora radio station ! Funkengroovin . 
I had to turn on the air conditioner today ! Summer is on the way . 
Just finished writing the worst paper ever ! 
Just brought mom home from the hospital . Surgery went well . :) Hopefully thats the last one . 
What's the difference between you and a mallard with a cold ?... I can't remember the rest but your mother's a whore . Guess what I'm watching right now . lol . 
My 60yr old , white , English professor just performed a rap he wrote about Oedipus . Lol . Now that's dedication . 
I just watched an old < PROPMALE > Fellow's Safari Planet clip on Hulu . Now I can't get the theme song out of my head . Damn you < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > ! 
Anyone want a pair of giants tix , April 24th , 8 rows behind home plate . 180 bucks for the pair . 
I only managed 25 of a 50 mile ride . The mountain beat me like a red headed step child ! I thought I was going to die . But I made it to the peak and back to the starting point without any assistance so I'm still happy . I skipped out on the valley portion in favor of food and wine tasting , lol . Next year , I'll be ready , I'll make that mountain my b **** . 
The worst part of the week is over ! It can only get better from here . 
Here comes the rain again , falling on my head like a memory ... Seriously it's going to rain again . :) 
The Slammin Salmon , it's no Super Troopers or Waiting , but it's still funny . 
Some jagoff rear-ended me . My poor car ! Now I know why you aren't supposed to < PROPFEMALE > a loaded gun the the car . If I had one , that guy would be dead . 
This wind blows ! Hehe , I love puns . 
Did you know Shakespeare was one of the first writers to use the word Dildo ? Yep , this is what I'm learning in college . lol . 
IT'S NURSES APPRECIATION WEEK . Being a nurse means you < PROPFEMALE > immense responsibility & very little authority . You step into people's lives & make a difference . Some bless you , others curse you . You see people at their worst & best . You see life begin & end . You see people's capacity for love , courage , & endurance . ? REPOST IF YOU ARE A NURSE , LOVE A NURSE , AND/OR APPRECIATE A NURSE 
If you haven't seen the newest Family Guy episode , Quagmire's Dad , you should watch it asap . I laughed so hard i cried . 
What the heck is going on with the weather ? This is California right ? Why is Spring such a wussy this year ? He is totally getting owned by Winter . 
One presentation and one paper finished . Three papers , one project and four finals to go . Ugh ! 
Pumped ! Just finished my last essay of the semester , a critique of the Dialectic of Enlightenment by < PROPMALE > Adorno and < PROPMALE > Horkheimer . Just some light philosophical reading . lol . Now only one more final tomorrow and I'm done . I can already feel the stress melting away . 
Hey everyone , please pray for my friend < PROPMALE > who is ill and has been hospitalized since Friday . 
Going to Chico this weekend , who wants to < PROPFEMALE > out ? 
Finally got all my final grades for the semester , 4 B's and 1 A . It can only get easier from here . :) 
Excited to go camping tomorrow . Wish I could sleep . 
Excited for the new < PROPFIRST > Koontz , Frankenstein book ! Even more excited that it came out during the summer when I'll have time to read it . 
It never fails , 7pm on a saturday and the traffic on the 210 is stopped ! Oh , LA , how I hate you . 
Replaced the old wireless G linksys with a Wireless N . Ohhhhhhhh Baby ! Soooooo fast . 
The Gates , is my new guilty pleasure . Vampires , Werewolves , Witches and Succubus ' all in one place . It's X-files meets Needful Things meets Eureka , What more could you ask for ? 
It's official , two more nephews on the way ! 
I got my car back from the body shop yesterday ! It looks sooo pretty . I love you , Advanced Auto Body ! 
She's Out of My League , is the funniest movie since the Hangover ! The shaving scene made me laugh so hard it was painful . 
Getting ready to shoot my cousin's wedding . Hope I don't screw it up ! Even if I do , at least I'll look good doing it . :) 
My namesake , Saint < PROPMALE > is the patron saint of prostitutes ! Nice . 
\jesus peed my bed ! \ " said a little girl whom I woke from a sound sleep this morning . Kids say the darnedest things . " 
Still sore from backpacking . 
Saw Inception today . Amazing movie ! Perfect mix of plot/story/acting/special effects . If you haven't seen it yet , do it while it's still on the big screen . 
Have eaten out , or eaten leftovers from eating out , for the last several days . Lots of great food , but my stomach is very unhappy with me . 
Dinner for Schmucks , isn't the funniest release of the year , but typical of a < PROPMALE > Carell film , it's a quote making machine ! Here's a few gems ... \ 
\ 
\These people invited us here to make fun of us ; this is a contest for the biggest idiot-which I nailed ! \ " \ 
I'm sorry , but some stereotypes exist for a reason . If you want the benefit of the doubt , maybe you should reconsider the ' gangsta ' look ! And if you want my respect , you better earn it like everyone else . 
I can't sleep and I have class in five hours . :( 
215 bucks for a new windshield . It never ends . 
Getting Killed in fantasy football this week ! The only player other than my kicker that's doing well , is on the bench . :( 
Okay Pandora , it's nowhere near Christmas ! Stop playing holiday music . 
Riding high on my fantasy football victory ( sorry < PROPFIRST > , lol ) after a devastating loss last week . Thank you Jahvid Best ! 
Why do the women working the cosmetics counter in macys , always look like they flunked out of fashion/cosmotology school ? Who is hiring these people ? 
Girl in the quad , “Free Cupcakes ! ”\ 
Me , “Sweet , I’ll take a chocolate one . ”\ 
Girl , “Just make a small donation please . ”\ 
Me , “So , you’re not really giving them away , you’re selling them , but the price is negotiable . ”\ 
Girl , “uhhhhh , I guess . ” 
They made another Lost Boys ? That makes 3 ! Who is paying for this ? It's complete insanity ! 
Had to watch a < PROPFIRST > Moore film ( propaganda ) in class today . This did not improve my already irritable , cynical and overall poor disposition today . I think I almost made a classmate cry . 
Heading to Yosemite tomorrow , if anyone wants to come along , let me know . Sorry , I know it's kind of last minute . 
Nephew baby Seibert , born this morning , healthy , and as of yet nameless . One more to go . 
Hey everyone , it appears my email account has been hacked . If you got a message from me with th subject \re\ " please ignore it . " 
Brit Lit midterm , 15 minutes . Ugh . 
Whew , that was brutal ! I need a drink . 
Congratulations , all you Giants fans . 
Needs to stop watching football , and start doing homework ! 
Saw my new nephew for the first time tonight . What a cute little guy . 
Disney is making a Pirates of the Caribbean 4 ! Scheduled to be released in May . I can't wait . 
Did anyone else feel the earth quake ? 
Who wants Mango Chicken Curry ? 
Soooo disappointed in California's election results . Sometimes I really hate this state ! Does anyone ever do any research before they vote ? Can't anyone see political ads for the worthless propaganda they are ? I think I'm going to be sick . 
Just paid bills and am poor . :( Who wants to buy me dinner ? 
Yay , Football and a rainy day , two of my favorite things . Too bad my fantasy football team is going to lose again . 
Halloween episodes of Family Guy and the Simpsons , on Hulu ! :) 
My laptop : Warning , a problem has been detected with the cooling system , please shut down and contact manufacturer . \ 
Me : F*** ! \ 
Customer support : Yeah , that model is being recalled , it catches on fire . 
Nephew # 4 is on the way ! < PROPFEMALE > went into labor today . 
So I'm looking at an ad at the side of my screen . It says : \Browse girls for free 
Baby < PROPMALE > Brown , born 9pm , 11/16/2010 . Mother and baby are in good shape . 
I miss the days when we didn't have to sit through 30 minutes of commercials before a movie . 
My body is no longer used to standing on the sales floor for 8 hours . I'm so tired ! 
Is stressed , and getting sick . Why did I decide that the holiday season , and my final month of school , was a good time to get a new job ? Idiot ! 
Hotelroom blackout blinds are awesome ! There's nothing like sleeping till 11 but thinking It's still dark outside . 
What would you like to drink with your breakfast sir ? I'll have a Bloody < PROPFIRST > with a a double vodka greyhound kicker . Is that all ? Bless you Vegas . 
Got called into work . Ugh . I forgot how much having a job sucks . lol . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas Everyone ! 
Mmm , fish & chips and a Jameson , on the rocks , at a great < PROPFEMALE > pub . Best lunch ever ! 
Took 10 pairs of shoes to the good will today . Still have 34 , not counting sandals and slippers . I think I have a problem . 
As I was thinking about dog names I realized that an inordinate amount of our pet's names end in the y/ie sound . Off the top of my head ... Finly , < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , Bentley , Sullie , Kiwi , < PROPFIRST > , Ready , < PROPFEMALE > , Pheobe ... I'm sure I'm forgetting some . 
Moved back to Chico today ! Feels good to be home . Now if I could just find a job . 
Thank you for the birthday wishes everyone ! 
Just stepped into a slipper full of slobber . The rhyme makes it sound more pleasant than it really was . 
