' s head is spinning from all this real estate talk .... no more . please no more . but trying to stay positive and hopeful . 

watching her baby rock and sing along with < PROPFIRST > Swift ! LMAO !!!! 
worked out with her wii !!! the new active fit is GREAT !!!!! 
had someone ask me if I was a gypsy .... that is a first . Must have been my earrings . LOL !! 
wants to think this is all a bad joke .... really ?!?!? < PROPFIRST > ? Wow !!.... RIP < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > .... 
loves her family . Happy Pride !!!!! Be safe and have lots of fun ! 
chilling today 
feeling her feelings and then some : crying over you tube vids and commercials cuz right now everything is making her cry ... one of those days ... 
thinks house hunting is like swimming upstream .... with a broken fin ... water draining ..... 
YES ! Finally feeling human once again !! 
had an amazing day hanging out with Mom today ... and even showed her the house we are hoping to get ! =-) 
is excited and nervous .... First day at SFSU . Yay !!!!!! 
is feeling productive and overwhelmed : trying to get this townhouse and school full-time and work -- it is tough ! 
thinks no one should die because they cannot afford health care , and no one should go broke because they get sick . If you agree , please post this as your status for the rest of the day . 
loves to watch all the progress .... wooohooooo !!!!!! 
likes to \pretend\ " shop online .... just spent over $1500 dollars and could have kept on going ! " 
got the new wii cuz I have the BEST wifey ever !!!!!!!!! woohoo !! ( they are making a killing out of these things , but so fun ! ) 
still a work in progress .... 
beyond irritated !!! Another Bay Bridge closure !! WTF ?!?!?!?!!?!?! aaarrrrggghhhhh .... noooo !!!! 
is trying to plan a PARTY BUS for my baby's birthday .... Who wants to come ?!?!?!??!!? Strippers , drinks for those who do , dancing , lots of fun !!! ( don't stress , her birthday isn't until < PROPFIRST > but gotta start early ! ) 
is counting down to freedom !! yep yep ... The Hill's are almost back !! Baby , get ready cuz we is going out !! 
just lost half a < PROPFEMALE > of her 6 < PROPFEMALE > paper .... arrgghhh !!! so not feeling this computer thing . 
is looking forward to MANGO today ! woohoo !!!!!! 
can't believe that there is really a 79.9% interest rate on a credit card .... What is going on in this world ?!?!!? Now off to shopping tomorrow ! Woo Hooo !!!!! 
excited to go see AVATAR with my wifey-boi !!! Loveit ! 
wishes everyone \Happy Holidays !!!!! \ " .... much hugs and kisses . " 
had an amazing Christmas ! Hope everyone else did as well . Now getting ready for friends to come over to have another celebration . Life is good !! =) 
it is the place to be !!!! Dinner and a party ! What more can you ask for ?!?!? Happy New Years everybody . Have a safe and fantastic last day of the year ! 
hope everyone had a great NYE !! I sure did !!! Thank you to my baby for making last year sooooooo amazing !! Here we come 2011 ! 
cleaned , ran errands , cleaned some more ( more to do too - boo ! ) , danced every song in JUST DANCE , cooked , cleaned and is now officially tired ! YAWN !!!! Nite nite FB !! =) 
praying for Haiti ... 
watching the craziness we call American Idol ! =) 
it's WAYBACK WEEK !!!! RETRO RETRO RETRO RETRO ... Everyone change your profile pic to a throwback picture of yourself when you were young !! Copy and paste this , and lets see how adorable or - as in my case - funny-looking ( LOL ) we all were !! 
is happy the week is almost over ! 
excited about our date tonight ... Beach Blanket here we come !!!!!! Have a great weekend everyone ! 
truly had a great weekend !! Beach Blanket , Ifly , movies , friends , loved ones , and lots of fun !! Plus an early birthday celebration for my baby !! What more could a girl ask for ?? 
in disbelief : a cruise ship in Haiti ?!?!? For real ? That is like walking in to have a party at someone's funeral ... I'm just saying ... What do you think ?? 
has sad news to inform all our MANGO fans . Our promoter , our friend , our FAMILY , the woman who gave us the best lesbian clubs in SF : MANGO , RAW , Club RED , Backstreet < PROPFEMALE > Salkey passed away unexpectedly . Details about her memorial and viewng will be updated as soon as they are set . Our hearts and prayers go out to ev ... eryone who has loved her ... in honor of < PROPFEMALE > \WALK GOOD ! \"" 
< PROPFEMALE>'s memorial/fundraiser will be at El Rio on < PROPFIRST > 30th , 2-6 . sliding scale $8-20 . Viewing will be at Sullivans in the Castro on < PROPFIRST > . 31 , 1-4p . If you have pix of < PROPFEMALE > , please send them to < PROPFIRST > at dredlox@hotmail.com . We want to do a retrospective . 
had gorgeous rememberance of our lovely friend . For those who want to come to the viewing tomorrow : 1-4pm service starts at 3pm ... saying our final not good bye but see you again . 
' s highlight for the day : going to the main library and getting some work done ! 
loves Avatar : The Last Airbender , but why oh why are all the charcters WHITE ?!?!?!? This is a Chinese folk story . Aaaarrrgghhhhh ... I dislike Hollywood . =-/ 
wishes Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day and Happy Lunar New Year !!!!! \Gung Hay Fat Choy ! \ " xoxoxoxo " 
feeling accomplished today ! Made a little money via slot machines ( now hoping to plan a weekend with some friends -- hey , wanna go gamble and drink and have a little fun ? ) ; spent some quality time with my mom and my love ; did my taxes ; and started some of my homework !! Day is beyond wonderful !!!!!! Truly -- the simple things make me the happiest !! =) 
doing more homework and missing my baby ... 2 1/2 more days . 
not being very productive today . Maybe tomorrow . 
self published but very proud : here is the link for our new book ... http://www.blurb.com/my/book/detail/1217339 
just got my book ! It is amazing !!!! Spent a great day out in the rain with my mommy ! Got tix for < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > . Great Friday so far ! Have a wonderful weekend everybody !! =) 
is loving all the daylight . Why can't we it like this all year long ? Sooner or later I will get use to waking up in the dark . LOL !! 
sitting here about to do some homework and just thinking outloud : Why is a simple \thank you\ " or \ " good job\ " so hard to come by ? =( It really is not THAT hard ! Thank you everybody and good job for those who just do not hear it enough . You are appreciated ! =) " 
This week over 23,000 teachers were given pink slips in California . In honor of ALL teachers , copy this into your facebook status . Let's honor those who have made an impact in ALL of our lives ! 
nothing seems to be going my way today . sucks . at least I ran without stopping .... lmao 
is all booked and ready for DC Black Pride . The countdown begins !! 
is not going to let the sniffles keep me from getting Easter dinner ready for Sunday ! So far , lost one night out but hopefully not tomorrow night or Sunday night . 
Happy Easter to all who celebrate and Happy Sunday to everyone else . 
enjoying the day reading on our front porch with Ginga ! Happy Friday !! :) 
planning to get up really early tomorrow to hit the zip line . Come on out peeps , gonna be lots of fun !! =)) 
had an amazing day ... now off to beddie-by I go . Thank you for all the FB love and calls -- feeling loved beyond words !! 
is off to a rocking start : got a parking for parking \within the intersection\ " WTH ?!?!? Anyone in FB land know how far like in inches do you have to be ? I'm not in a crosswalk or red and the corner barely starts to bend ! Help ! " 
Hulu rots the brain .... 
our neighbors are blasting < PROPMALE > on the < PROPFEMALE > Sunday ... Such a beautiful day ! Happy day peeps !! :) 
was chilling in Alameda and guess what I witness ? A 84 year old man drive his car right into the side of this 33 year old's Lexas SUV . Not once but twice !!! That meant I had to go to work . 
is up and ready to start the day running errands for MANGO and then off to enjoy MANGO on this beautiful Saturday !! See you there !!! :) 
finished her project and is feeling good !! =) Now if only these next 3 weeks hurry up and pass ... then off to DC !! woo hoo !!! 
is helping out nectArena the only women's stage for pride . They are looking for volunteers and dancers ... Email < PROPFIRST > at dredlox@hotmail.com with the subject nectarena . Join in on the pride fun and go backstage . Very flexible with volunteer times ! 
wishing all the mommies a HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY !!!!!!! 
trying to work through my last week of school and finals ... countdown to DC continues ... I need a vacation ! 
just realized that my research paper only is 5-6 pages ... that lifted about 10 pages of stress off my shoulders !! =)) 
is about to say good by SF State ! See ya in 3 months ! Yeah baby !!!! :) 
woke up practically singing and talking my babe's ear off this morning . Good morning , everboday !!! Shopping then MANGO !!!! Yay !! See you there : El Rio 3-830pm !! :) 
woke up practically singing and talking my babe's ear off this morning . Good morning , everboday !!! Shopping then MANGO !!!! Yay !! See you there : El Rio 3-830pm !! Free the first hour for EMS workers and teachers in celebration of EMS week and the near ending or ending of the school year . We appreciate you !! :) 
had a bomb weekend ! Mango was great on Saturday . Sunday , got punked by the wife with a small get together of some of my fav people ! Loving my life and my wusband !!!!!!!! 
had a wonderful time in D.C. with the wusband ... a much needed vacation !! 
got a hot date and just can't wait . It is going to be great great great !! < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > baby !!!!! Happy Friday er'body! :)) 
is seriously having a really really good day !!!!! LOVE IT !!!! 
very proud of my baby cousin ... Congrats < PROPFEMALE > Wong !!!!! :) 
no better way than to start the day at the world's earliest movie ! Happy Saturday ya'll!!!!! 
Happy Father's Day to all the fathers out there and to all thje mother who had to be the role of both parents !!! You are appreciated and loved !!! 
is driving ... driving ... driving ... Honestly , I don't think I ever fully woke up . 
welcoming the weekend of no sleep , of constant running around , and of course happy gay times !!!! Happy Pride everyone !!! Be safe , have lots of fun , drink lots of water and be GAY !!!!!! Now if the weather will only cooperate , we won't freeze in the process . \ 
\ 
Check out MANGO PRIDE ! It is going down at the usual spot : El Rio 3158 Mission , door opens at 8pm ($10 until 9pm & $15 after ) , & well drinks $3 ' til 9pm . <3 
another Pride has come and gone . So very tired .... mo ... v .. i.ng ... in sl .. o.o . o ... ow motion . 
has peeling shoulders ... the result of my pride sunburn =( 
this is bad and i am at a loss .... please please be safe everyone . 
joined a yoga workshop : 40 days of yoga . Hoping and praying for the strength to complete this course . 
got my new phone ... it has been a minute . :) 
off to yoga and then MANGO .... come on out bois and girlit has been a month since we have sine your smiling faces . We missed ya'll!!!!! El Rio 3-830p $8 before 4 and $10 after . 
* yaaawwwwnnnn * up so early ... still on my MANGO high . Great seeing all those smiling good looking faces !!!! Thank you for the continuing support ! 
with the wusband to feed our neighbors < PROPFEMALE > and my butt fell/slid/bunked my ass alllllllll the way down the stairs . OUCHIE !!!!!! =*( 
unofficially got all her classes for this coming semester !!! I can almost feel my diploma in my hands ! :) 
is on day 1 of a 3 day fruit cleanse .... pray for my partner . 
last day of my 3 day fruit cleanse .... this is the most fruit I have ever eaten !!!! 
sometimes wonders what it would be like to have a sister ... watching the Kardasian sisters ( so werid ) 
has made it back to school !!!! 
got lots to do and not enough time in the day to do ' em !!!!!!!! I need a mini me ! 
at the mall so early ... nothing in even open yet !!! That cuts into shopping time . 
is getting smashed by her classmate ... got off crazy ! 
' s bootie cannot sit any longer ... tick tock class is almost over ..... 
is teaching third graders science today !!!!!! But I have a feeling , they are probably going to teach me . :) 
is sweating already ! If you are in San < PROPFIRST > , come and sweat at MANGO !!! 3-830pm at El Rio . It is going to be hot hot hot !!!!! Have a great weekend whatever you do and drink water !! <3 
can't believe that two years of planning is less than two weeks away . :) 
bout to go on a date with the wife . < PROPFEMALE > here we come ! Life is good !! 
stunned and shocked ... the world is without one of it's brightest stars ! RIP Sanjay , may you smile down upon us . You will not be forgotten . 
is walking in a cloudy daze .... 
sending birthday prayers to the heavens .... happy birthday < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
is beyond exhausted ... this weekend has been a dream come true !!! Love you guys and gals !!! Love you baby ! We did it , again !!!!! <3 
wearing purple today ... support our lgbtq kids ! 
just designed a niiiiice bumper sticker ... <3 ' s when an idea becomes a reality !!! 
just dropped off our 95 year old patient whose main purpose to leave the ER is to go home and watch the Giants play ! She rocks !! 
WOW !!!! Great MANGO even in the rain ! We danced and watched the game !! It was an amazing day !! GOOOOO GIANTSSSS !!!!! 
goooooo GIANTS !!!!!! -from the ex-cheerleader who does not enjoy watching sports ... 
Why oh why am I getting held over and stuck in traffic ?!?!??!?!???! 
let's go GIANTS !!!!!!!! 
OMG !!!!!!!! GIANTS !!!!!! wooooooohoooooooo !!!! 
screamed so much my voice is hoarse , jumped up and down til I got a cramp in my side ... now off to play just dance 2 on the wii !!! 
is surrounded by stinky and crazy people here at the main library ... just trying to get the study thing going . :( 
shaking head in disbelief ... more injustice . * super sad * 
rocks ! Black girls rock !!!!!! 
has lost her mind . Saturday class !?!?! thank goodness it is only once . Happy beautiful day everybody ! 
Brrrrrr .... 49 out and already off to a rockin start ... gonna be a long 10hr shift . 
ok ... am I the ONLY person who cried during Glee ?!?!?!? That was super sweet !! 
have a happy thanksgiving FB peeps !!!!!! Giving thanks all around ! <3 
took the lil one on her first ice skating experience at the Embarcadero ... she did great , my butt gets on the news . =( 
Mango and Fantasia .... what more can a girl ask for ? Life is good !!!!!! 
finally . started the Zumba craze . It must be getting ol cuz I do not think the knees can handle this ! 
mmm ... gumbo ... 
has been incredibly productive ! Feels so good !!! Happy Thursday everybody ... hope today has been good to you too !! :) 
is about to get her Unity Parade on ! You need to come out and support the Bayview/Hunters Point community . There will be a parade at noon , toy drive , car show , live entertainment , food , and lots of fun !!!! If you are in San < PROPFIRST > stop on by 3rd and Oakdale !!! 
bring it on finals week !!!!!! :P 
studied all day long : psych , bio , and made a brochure for my presentation just cuz I can ! * ouch * my booty hurts from sitting so long !! 
has been in class for a scheduled 8am final ... the professor inadvertently changed it to 9am . I just want this presentation over and done with so I can start my vacation , go Christmas shopping , and not think about school for a whole month !!! Happy Friday everybody ! Stay dry !! =) 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas and happy holidays !!!! So thankful for everyone who is in our lives !! Sending much love and blessings to you during the holiday . xoxox 
really do not like to say the word hate . It is ugly and mean but today I HATE whoever broke into my car ! You bastard , I hope you what u so desperately needed : my work shoes and about two bucks I'm change . that is right ! I hate you !!! 
made the tiramisu and brownies ... tomorrow , bourbon balls , oatmeal and snickerdoodle cookies , and more tiramisu cupcakes . What other desserts should I make for NYE ??? Suggestions ... ideas ... easy ... LOL ... GN FB , I think I am on a sugar ( by contact ) high !! teeheehe =) 
is so tired !! wishing the FB world a HAPPY last day of the year !! 
got the grades ( a's and one b ) ... got the prius ... now let's GO 2011 !!!! 
got my classes !!!! That cap and gown is looking mighty promising !!! =) 
had an amazing day with fantastic people even though I lost money at the tracks ( so not my cup of tea ) . Now I am ready to take on my final semester at SFSU for my long overdue BA -- 15 years isn't that long , is it ?? Living life just as planned ... 
is having a great Wednesday ... hope you are too ! The sun is out and life is GOOD !!!!! :) 
school is over for the week , cleaned the house for the Lunar New Year , made my dinner to close the year , and now ready for bed ... overall busy but great !! 
Gung Hay Fat Choy , Sun Neen Fai Lok !!!! May this year will be filled with happiness , health , and prosperity ... 
is doing the happy dance !! The doggie ate after being sick for three days ! Whoopie !!!!! Truly it is the small things to be grateful for ... being blessed 
Oh yeah baby !!!!!! Got < PROPMALE > tix ! At least now I don't have to sit here and stress ... thanks baby !!!! So excited ! 
O (+> beautiful , loved , and blessed ... <3 
< PROPMALE > baby here we come !!!!!! So exciting !!! 
rarely do I dislike my job ... today is one of those rare days ... :( 
at Disney on Ice ... can you say sing-a-long ??? 
my prayers get longer every day ... Japan and their people are on my mind 
is very thankful for life and love but can't shake this deep sadness inside the heart . 
finally found \words with friends\ " ... oh dear ... " 
can't believe how warm it is here in SF ... only 10:30 and sweating with sniffles and a fever . enjoy the day everybody !!! =) 
