Today was a great day . We got to know our brother that was adopted at birth and he is a great guy . I wish I could have met him sooner . 

yey the chiefs finally won it only took 4 field goals and a safety how pathetic 
I love working an extra few hours unannounced . Makes me want to reach out and touch some one . 
< PROPFEMALE > haw another open to close today i would like to take this time to remind everyone to stay in school and stay the hell away from the service industry for a job . 
-- It's doppelgänger week ! Change your profile picture to someone famous ( actor , musician , athelete ) you've been told you look like ... post this to your profile and pass it on ! 
why is every company always looking to improve stuff that isn't broken ? change for the sake of change . and now facebook as completely screwed up my home < PROPFEMALE > for what ? A**HOLES 
has anyone ever noticed if your mouth starts watering and you are not hungry something bad is about to happen . 
well i am off to get my pipes fixed I don't know what i am going to do with out being able to get online :p 
wtf this is not comfortable at all i hope the doctor ok s something stronger than moriphine soon 
omg i can ' t believe how much this hurts ! they are brimging me a Dilaudid pump i hope this works 
At this point I think prefer throwing up every day , 2 or 3 times a day . 
hey just seen one of my surgeons and i get this awful NG tube out this morning and get to start sipping juice again if all goes well i will be home in a day or two . 
i am gonna need a ride home from the hospital any volunteers ? Serious < PROPFEMALE > doesn't get off until 430 and i would prefer not to have to wait that long . So if you can please call me . 
Arrived here in the Bay area , I must say I don't really want to go back to AZ . 
5 down only 27 more to go . 
want to wish my wife and all the other mothers out there happy mothers day , and don't forget the ones that are gone . Love and miss you mom . 
There is something absolutely fantastic about waking up somewhere the high temperture is only going to be in the low 70°s . 
Just got back from an awesome CHIEFS WIN , and now I get to enjoy a fabulous thunderstorm with boomers and all . I can not thank < PROPFIRST > enough for this opportunity . 
Bye weeks suck . I can't wait for kick off today . 
Chiefs are AFC West Champions !!! 
February 13 , 1999 a day that will always be on mind . My loving wife gave her hand to me in marriage , and I would just like to take this moment to thank her for all she has done . Happy Anniversary < PROPFEMALE > . 
