I don't know what I'm drinking but it's from sonic and it's really good :) 

I'm finally home with my son . Somehow I managed to have an 8 lb 4 oz baby . It's pretty impressive ! 
my arm is getting tired !!! lol 
Spending the evening with my baby . Why does he only want to eat ? 
Im getting good at doing everything on the computer with one hand ! Lol ! 
Teaching my baby to like some good old AC DC . I know his grandparents will appreciate it . 
Sure am glad my babies feeling better . Maybe he'll let me get some stuff done today . 
The $5 < PROPMALE > Box is back at Taco < PROPFEMALE > !!! ( Thats really what it's called lol ! ) Yay !!!!!!! 
What a busy day ! We got baby pictures this morning ... quite the ordeal , of course . But I managed to get a day to myself so I can't complain . I packed my son up and shipped him out . Hes seeing both sets of grandparents today .... And me and < PROPFIRST > get a night out to party ! Yay !!! 
Marius is starting to get so big !! Makes me sad :( He's getting really good at moving his hands and feet and recognizing some words ! He wishes he could talk already . 
Marius weighs 10 lbs and 3 oz now ! I'm back at work and waiting to see how he does with the babysitter . :( 
Yay ! We got Marius ' pictures today ! They turned out really good despite the fact that when he got them he had a bad break out of baby acne , just part of being a baby , I guess . I think he still looked awful handsome . 
< PROPFEMALE > with a pepsi chaser ... not quite like with a lime ... then again I don't know what it's like with lime so it's all good ! 
Figuring out babysitters is hard . 
Marius weighs 11 pounds and 14 ounces now !!! I'm so excited everytime I find out how much he weighs . I'm not sure whats so exciting about that but there's something . He sure doesnt ' like being pinned down and getting shots though . 
Today I just want to have a good day . Haven't had to many lately so I'd really like to have fun . 
I can't get any of my pictures to upload . Grrr !! Maybe someday I'll get a picture of my first tattoo on here . 
I only have one load of laundry left and amazingly it's practically all folded . I'm almost proud of myself , but not quite . It's to bad I didn't get it all done . 
I can't believe my son is teething already . It's way to soon for that . I don't care that some babies are born with teeth . I wanted time before we had to go through this ordeal . 
Long , long , long drive ahead !! 
My little boy finally got to meet his sister . She thinks he's ok . 
Aww Justins cooking breakfast for supper . 
Yay ! No kids tonight ! It sure is nice to get a night to ourselves . 
Quarters just seems like about the best game in the world right now ! I suck at it but Im getting better ! Even made < PROPFIRST > take some drinks the other nigh .... amazingly ! 
It's such a nice day , I'm taking the baby for a walk . And then back to some housework . :( 
This has been such a long week ... Between me and < PROPFIRST > we're pulling like 6 doubles . Should be a good paycheck ! 
Busy cooking supper ! We'll see if I can cook some onions and garlic that even come close to my mother-in-law's! Her's are amazing ! 
Well , not quite the same but we were still pretty happy with our supper last night ! 
My poor baby's knees are all red from scooting around on the floor . I think we need to get him knee pads . 
Just one more day and then 2 days off with my man !!!! I can't wait !!!!!!! 
Man is fond of counting his troubles , but he does not count his joys . If he counted them up as he ought to , he would see that every lot has enough happiness provided for it . \ 
\ 
Got to love Fyodor Dostoevsky . 
It doesn't matter if it is good , \ 
It only matters if it rocks . \ 
The main thing that we do is to rock your socks off . 
Finally air conditioning !!!! I know I only had to go one day without it , but oh my god it sucked ! Poor Marius got a first taste of what summer will be like ... unfortunately he got it in our house ! 
Got lost coming home ! It was fun . I thought just maybe wed end up in Oklahoma but sadly we ended up right by Pawnee Rock . :( 
Why is it no matter how hard I try to keep the dishes done after every meal , they never end up getting done ? I could try a little bit harder , but I have doubts about it helping . 
Well I got the dishes all done , now I just hope they'll stay that way ! \ 
And Marius is totally holding his own bottle !!! Just thought I'd throw that out there . It's such a little step , but man it's a huge acompishment , and oh so nice ! 
OMG ! Allergies suck !!! 
How come guys think they need to sleep like a million hours ?!? I have been ready to go to Great Bend for ever now . At least the baby is getting a decent nap out of the deal . 
So having a baby is totally worth it , I got a wonderful son out of the deal .... and yet with the lake coming in only a few days , I'm wishing I'd started a post pregnancy work out routine a little bit sooner . There's fat in places there never has been in my whole life and I'm not liking that part so much . 
I am so ready for the lake and some good ol ' fashioned camping ! Just have to get through work tomorrow and then a peaceful weekend at Kanopolis . I hope the kids behave . 
Had such a bad headache !!! Took a nice nap and now I feel way better ! 
soooo ready for 2 days off ! 
I miss my baby and wish he was at home . 
Finally done with MHDD training !! It felt like a million years ! Now I get to look forward to tech training . 
So not ready to go back to work tomorrow . But I guess money is nice . 
Watchin Marius watch Spongebob Squarepants is just about the funniest thing I've seen in weeks ! 
I think I might just complain for fun today because my back hurts , and I think it might be because of my babies . 
Well , another little boy is on the way ! He's due February 18th . I'm starting to get excited !! 
And I have doctor ordered back rubs , so I'm excited about that too !!!!! 
Why does my son only say mama when he's whining ? 
had spaghetti piled high with mushrooms and cheese ! It was amazing and I don't even like spaghetti . Today it was wonderful though . 
It's my first day of class !!! Yay !!! Im super excited . 
Marius's first Halloween was lots of fun for me . He had no idea what was happening but we got lots of < PROPFEMALE > and he got to make a fun chocolate mess today ! 
Definately shouldn't have gotten out of bed this morning . I'm still so tired . 
Has way to much going on . 
Ahh today was the first time Marius injured himself and we had to wipe through all the blood to find where it was coming from . Someday not to long from now we'll be wiping through the blood and deciding if he needs stitches . At least that day wasn't today . 
I was absolutely so proud of my little boy !! He stood up without any help from anyone or anything . His little legs got almost all the way straight before he lost his balance and fell over . I'm kind of sad because I'm not ready for him to walk yet . But with his brother coming in two months , I do hope he starts walking soon ! 
February , please come soon ! 
Thank you for all the birthday wishes ! 
Owwww leg cramps suck !! 
My little boy is getting so big . I'm so glad he's started walking . Before to long he'll be running and then I'll be in for an even harder time . 
Had such a long day . Birthday parties are hard to plan and get ready for . But I'm so glad my little boy had such a nice 1st birthday . 
Oh guitar hero I will always be faithful to you , no other game will I play , except maybe rockband someday . So maybe its my guitar controller that I'm faithful too . 
It just dawned on me out of the blue that in just 3 weeks my baby due time zone commences . I'm not quite sure if I'm ready yet . 
Finishing off the leftover teriyaki stir-fry ... not because I'm exceptionally hungry right now but more because I feel like it and at this point in my life it's totally ok for me to eat just because I want to . :) 
Expecting a baby any time . 
I'm home already and feel pretty good . I can't believe I had my son without the epidural . It really sucked but was over really fast . 
Greysen is one week old today ! I thought the time flew after Marius was born , but that was nothing compared to how fast it feels with both of them to take care of . 
Had a long day with my children , but it was still a good Valentines day . < PROPFIRST > definately did a good job with my Valentines . He's so wonderful . 
Watching Moulin Rouge !!! I love this movie so much !!! 
Broke my glasses ! 
Made the switch to Diet Coke . I now know the reason that diet pop is better for a diet , not because it has no calories , that hardly matters ; it is because it tastes like crap and you have no < PROPFEMALE > to drink very much of it . 
Had my first day of work . Boring paperwork . 
