bleh no one is ever on to talk to 

time for bed :D 
oh the world stopped turning on the darkest night and you were nowhere to be found when you said you would always be there 
Put on your masks boys its time to decieves the fools into thinking everything is A okay our smiles are our lies and our masks the tool that decieves the fools 
sadness seems like the only thing that lies ahead in my future 
ya ya the future is looking brighter already i may have a career down the road 
now i stand alone in this filth full of my sins as everyone is happy i shall remain alone 
I love Batman Arkum Asylum 
mom's gone guess i'll see her in a year or so 
being sick blows 
lol life sucks :D 
whats the point in life when you've lost your cause and the person you care most about 
fuck 
omg OKLAHOMA , HOLD ON TO THE FUCKING BALL ! 
my life is falling down the gutter , gather the boys and let them know the news \ we drown our worries away tomorrow in our booze \"" 
confused 
Blade with whom I have lived , blade with whom I now die , serve right and justice one last time , seek one last heart of evil , still one last life of pain , cut well old friend , and then farewell 
wants to drink really bad not prepared for tomorrow at all 
chest hurts 
ugh i feel sick going to sneak back into my room 
lol i try just to set myself for failure and disappointment 
its fun being batman :D 
live is a long road with no destination we make the journey what it is 
MW2+sniping+headshot = Love 
nothing makes a man feel more powerless than when the girl he likes is crying 
I CAME I SAW AND I BUILT A SNOWMAN 
Fuck new years 
What's up 
time to start working out and get ripped 
the song Monster by Skillet just about sums up how i feel about myself 
a truck i has one 
lol i'm so fucking confused fucking makes me feel down 
feel sick and hates it but i have a bitch load of pizza to make me feel better until i throw it up 
ugh i can't sleep rawr i are a lonely panda :'( 
/sigh i can't sleep at all 
long night ahead of me no sleep and just about less than a litter left of coke to drink ramen to keep mt stomach from growling no sleeping till mass effect 2 is beat 
so pissed all the ice keeps me from finishing my ged practice test fucking ruins my god damn day everyone leave me alone till idk when 
so pissed all the ice keeps me from finishing my ged practice test fucking ruins my god damn day everyone leave me alone till idk when * update * and now its snowing 
hopes all this snow clears up monday so i can go finish my test weather has me in a shitty mood 
so many hours left in the night and i'm restless my finger inches for the trigger as the fools run to death my sniper rifle awaits time to send some fool to meet his maker 
life is looking up i feel kinda happy things might turn around for my life :D 
can't wait for tuesday it can't come fast enough so much to buy it brings a smile to my face 
wish i had someone to talk to been a lonely weekend 
My eyes cry softly in the pouring rain 
I'm slowly losing my soul day by day slowly but surely and soon there will be nothing left of me i wish someone could save me from this ever growing darkness 
I rather be hated for who i am , then be loved for who i pretended to be 
RAWR I IS AWAKE AND READY FOR THE DAY ........... after a coke of course :D 
SO Fucking pissed right now it doesn't even begin to describe how i feel i'm going to break or hurt someone FUCK i hate everything 
just got off work gotta go buy more shit for my job when my dad gets home might play some l4d2 later tonight if a certain female is up for some zombie killing 
lol i almost well off a roof 12 stories up today 
yes i work mon-fri and always have weekends off , i'm in paradise 
i thought today might make me feel better after a bad night of sleep thats pissed me off and i wake up to snow i want today to be over before i kill myself 
ahhh my hands are curling up like < PROPMALE > told me they would but i feel badass i used a sledgehammer and drill at work the drill is hell on the hands going through concrete 
FUCK !!!!!!!!!!!!!! i love work but i fucking hate having to change when i get home i'm to tired or lazy and its such a hazzle bitch moan cry whine FML i hate this part of the day >:O 
i'm going to go die and take a warm shower i took the day off 
i'm pissed and i'm angry all the time i can't get back what i lost i looked into the abyss for so long its looking back at me and i've lost my soul and who i am to it 
hates the idea of being 20 makes me depressed 
i take one step forward and three steps back 
damn i turn 20 tomorrow 
i am feeling in need to blow up Dr. < PROPMALE>'s zombies and take on the underdome in Boderlands I'm brick and i'm The master Blaster i fire so many rockets i cause lag on offline c o-o p splitscreen 
birthday wasn't as bad as i thought it would be think i might head to sleep now call or text if you need anything 
bleh wonder what i should cook have to fend for myself tonight 
i'm feeling awesome 
sleep it takes no energy at all and still feels great 
life is a wooden rollercoaster you get tossed around , beaten up , and even though it may be rough and you get hurt there are times when you get off the ride and your smiling and happy something will make the ride worth the pain and wait 
I seem to be growing colder with each passing day people i cared about and girls i liked or loved i look at their pictures of them and i feel nothing this is a dim and gloomy omen 
going to be a long week 
i finally understand a little what i lack and i shall work on fixing what is broken about me 
OMG ...... OWEN WILSON ... nough said 
ITADAKIMASU TIME TO MAKE SOME PIMP ASS RAMEN 
whatever you happen to be doing in life go all in balls out 
its fun being a delinquent 
stacking BB's in a rain storm is hard >:O 
i hate the game of risk it takes to long and and always build a huge army but never attack 
feeling better hard to believe this song makes me happy 
this world fucking sucks want to go to a different world 
lol i am ashamed and feel like a badass 
i just want to sleep the day away 
so much to think about it i hate having to think i overdo it 
loves the idea of being able ti swim 24/7 whenever i want 
slowly but surely i am becoming an unseen sniper now i just need to fix my rifle 
i fucking hate chlorine my eyes burn and its hard to see >:O 
i wish things had been different i'd trade ny life for yours if it'd bring you back 
florida how i long for this vacation 
not feeling so hot right now 
ugh i wanna sleep forever and never wake up 
somedays i just feel like bowser and want to kidnap a < PROPFEMALE > , even giant turtles want to find love 
rawr i finished the manga series i was reading 20th century boys and its sequel 21st century boys was actually really good one of my favorites i think so far 
misses my days as being a carefree boy running and playing games in the woods getting hurt and laughing together i miss the past 
UGGHH I HATE BEING A FATTY I NEED TO WORK OUT AND GET IN SHAPE >:O 
I can't wait to leave this private hell maybe i'll find inner peace and be happy if only for a little while 
life is life 
lol Delinquent one oh one Fuck everyone else do what you want when you want some one doesn't like settle it with your fists , anyone got a problem with any of that can fuck off 
On the road to the last place i was ever happy 
sore , now off to bed than fun in the sun tomorrow 
ah < PROPMALE > how i love thee 
Just got done swimming at one of disney`s water parks time to change go eat and hit up magic kingdom 
sad oh so very sad 
lol Fuck everyone and everything people stand for 
all and all was a good day helped my friends move out had its ups and downs but i now know who i am and its complicated i think i found a song to help me through it though 
going to start getting in shape :D 
I feel so alone sometimes 
i love batman i wants more batman anime shows 
phones dead and i'm to lazy to charge it 
feeling nothing thinking nothing and abandoning thoughts of the world around you is my nirvana 
a hero rises to challenge me but the reign of T-Hawk will not end so easily 
blank 
Fuck stayed up to late time for sleep 
waiting on my epiphany , i see an eagle high in the sky and wish i was able to fly lets soar the sky free of worry and doubt , just be myself and soar to a new me 
very very pissed off 
i'm lossing more of my emotions as the minutes go by like sand falling in an hourglass till nothing is left on the surface and buried deep away 
. . . . life is funny and i find a bit of humor out of its cruel way it does things 
sleep . . . why do you avoid and hate me so . . . sad face 
all i can say is sudden sadness takes a hold of my heart 
getting tired of people 
lol i <3 transformers WFC i rock my scientist online like a champ 
and back to a newer version of the old me oh blank state 
phones broke so don't try to contact me 
i got a new number 918-894-1802 
i am sad i've lost my soul to the abyss and now i'm a wandering husk , redemption where < PROPMALE > thou ? 
to find ones purpose one must go on a journey so a journey i must go on 
been an okay day 
I wish i had some nakama to go on a journey with like Luffy 
As I slowly listen to the rain outside as it hits the roof I feel calm and reflective I see who I am and how I wanna be the nights are lonely and quiet I want 9 nakamas to share a journey with while we all search to fulfill our dreams 
a quest has begun the time is nigh the world hangs in the balance i will stop melbu frahma 
i feel like the child abandoned on the night the black monster descends on the night of the < PROPFEMALE > that never sets 
as i look at the < PROPFEMALE > and listen to some music i'm remind of a world were i once resided where i traveled with some friends and fought to save the world it seems i get a second < PROPMALE > to revisit the place i used to love 
I'm gonna hit the highway like a battering ram On a silver black phantom bike When the metal is hot and the engine is hungry And we're all about to see the light Nothing ever grows in this rotting old hole Everything is stunted and lost And nothing really rocks And nothing really rolls And nothing's ever worth the cost 
When i look at the night sky i often wonder if i shall ever have anyone to share it with 
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .! ! ! ! ! 
my heart crys i will miss onemanga 
I've lost all hope ill go back to waiting on a love that will never be but for a moment in a dream 
War war never changes you know what else doesn't change like war women women never change they always run back to the guy who hurt them cause they love him than give another guy a < PROPMALE > I'm through with this bullshit I rather just be depressed than date anymore 
gloves are off i'm a fucking monster and ima fight 
i feel like drinking myself into a bottle this weekend 
If you have the arrogance of a god and can kill like a god , who’s to say you are not a god ? 
AIZEN IS A LITTLE BITCH AND NEEDS TO FUCKING EAT A COCK AND DIE FOR FUCKING ONCE IN BLEACH !!!!!!! 
Rejoice the Hammer of Aeducan has returned 
this world is one i never wished to be a part of for so long i wish i could leave to my own paradise even if it puts me in mortal danger to be free of this hell i would gladly give anything there is nothing left for me here 
Waiting for someone to save me from myself 
i tire 
so i am totally seeing < PROPFIRST > Pilgrim Vs the world again tomorrow who wishes to see it 
\ I am in misery there ain't nobody who can comfort me \"" 
lost . . . oh so very lost , so i like this lyrics \ I am in misery There ain't no other Who can comfort me Why won't you answer me ? Your silence is slowly killing me \"" 
Eh I don't want to be awake 
Ehh people texting me /disappear 
I just feel like saying this so here I go . . . . . . . < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Smith . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . you're a towel 
so tired prolly going to nap for the third time today 
no one really knows the real me , two people knew me once but she left so all i have left is my brother and i wish i could believe that i will find someone i love more than her but i can't believe something so implausible 
for one to really enjoy the light one must view it when lost in the darkness tis then that it is most beautiful 
why are people friends with me if i'm a bad friend , sometimes i think i should just not have friends and just be lonely that way no one gets hurt or mad at me :( 
I'm not sure if I am happy or sad that I recovered the pictures of the girl I liked from my old phone 
omg i feel so fucking horrible this is the most horrible and funniest website ever Idump4u.com look it up on youtube 
< PROPFIRST > , i've lost it this night was the last straw i've fallen like a phoenix who wings are chained against his majestic body the abyss has no end i free fall for what feels like a life time i need you my friend more than ever as long as thoughts of her plague my mind i will be forever chained to the past and unable to spread my wings and rise from this perpetual darkness 
OMFG I just had a heart attack eiichiro < PROPFEMALE > is taking a 4 week break from one piece holy fuck 
being alone is the sadest and prolly only time i am happy 
For the length of a dream I touch the edge of a world so familiar , magic runs along the tips of my fingers until I awake in a world not of my choosing 
I'm depressed 
the requirements have been met Greed and Rage overwhelm Sadness the chains break under the stress of the force put on them the cage unlocks and releases its long dormant prisoner Now is the time of Rebirth behold the Phoenix rise Hammer in hand the Past is no more only Greed , Rage , and the thought of himself and his future lies before him 
yay the death of aizen is in sight there is hope for bleach not being shitty anymore 
arcane warrior = untouchable juggernaut that destroys all who opposes him with his hammer 
I wish I may I wish I might , I bring dismay and I brought a blight , now here we'll play before < PROPFEMALE>'s first light 
What this world needs is a Good ol'fashion Blight nothing like a horde of darkspawn and an archdemon to bring the world together :D 
Soooo . . . Yea I'm dead cool story eh * shrugs * 
Ehhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh 
i've learned most issue i have can be solved by a long shot from far away to my opponents skull solving any issues i had with said person 
Walk in the dark so you can see the light 
i find myself missing someone more than i ever thought i would the thought saddens me greatly that i have lost someone so important in my life . . . . unfathomable sad face 
Invisible elites make solo legendary harder than it already is not to mention dealing with hunters very slowly 
I feel the silence in my bones its a tone I think I rather not know but its like a curse buried in old musty tomes here doth come thy final hour pray it doesn't make my mood sour 
i hate myself :D 
I'm lonely and about to shut myself off from everyone I need a female friend if your female I guess text me 
so ya i'm bald 
I'm happy :D 
i feel like i am going to cough up a lung 
bleh sick 
Sometimes I wish I could go back and redo it all or find a world where things worked out 
loneliness + alienation + fear + despair + self-worth ÷ mockery ÷ \ 
condemnation ÷ misunderstanding x guilt x shame x failure x judgment n = y\ 
where y = hope and n = folly , love = lies , life = death , self = dark side 
hmmmm nothing like the taste of blood 
Be happy world you get to live another day till I figure out how to claim my superpowers and a certain fellow named Ragnes 
I play WoW 
if i had one wish i'd wish i could be the white wolf with demon sword at my side till it kills me 
............................ I don't even bother anymore 
What is the point of it all why must one keep on going I rather just give up and crawl away to some place my own where nobody knows its my own little place where I am alone and a small little button to blow up the world 
< PROPFIRST > smith . . . . . Needs to have a face to face with my hand & see his good ol ' pal the floor 
< PROPFIRST > , i need to get my fix need a little t-hawk and battle field hit me up sometime 
awesome straight from a guy at blizzard Thrall is the most important person on Azeroth , feels good to finally hold something over the alliance that our warchief Thrall is and will always be the most badass son of a Orc to ever exist in Warcraft 
Fallout new vegas shows me just how dark my outlook in life is i begin to think now as i look at the world that different religions and mindsets is doomed to fail the middle east shows me this a < PROPMALE > empire would probably serve best where people serve Romein one way or another and all conquered tribes are assimilated into Rome and keep nothing of who they were 
hates waiting for MMO's to come out i yearn to be an aggro monster 
i start to hate myself more and more as the days begin to blur together and time slows as it begins to disappear 
i want to take an adventure with my nakama board a boat and set sail as the captain i'll lead the adventure through thick and thin island to island making friends and running from the law port to port we'll be known we'll shake the world over and over again till everyone knows who we are we'll sail as long as our journey for one piece allows 
Yureka was a pretty badass chapter this week Lotto is a beast 
i'm going to set my goal just like ryner and build a kingdom , like Luffy i'll set sail with my nakama in search of adventure and fun , i'll become the < PROPMALE > and we'll rest in my < PROPMALE > dom of Afternoon Naps than Set off for adventure and the unknown for no other reason than to have an adventure how i wish i could be carefree and just do what we want this is the world i dream of 
Ah the legend of legendary heroes is awesome ryner lute is possibly one of my favorite characters ever 
When an Aman's oath is given , it is as unbreakable as the iron city herself 
Doesn't understand why everyone is all gay for CoD black ops its just another treyarch game that will be similiar to the CoD that came before it by infinity < PROPMALE > 
the Mojave will stained crimson when i am done with it 
I hate obsidian i can't get even halfway through new vegas before it fucking crashed and i have to start over fucking hopefully after contacting Bethesda about this they will get to patching obsidian's mistakes and releasing a game that wasn't even ready to be released 
finally have Crimson Gem Saga now to play a JRPG done right , and try and forget how much fallout New vegas pisses me off 
Rise to your knees 
Gee < PROPFEMALE > I wish you would give me for Christmas a device that allows me to kill dumb people on wow forums as i see fit based on my own judgement :D please and thank you the world would be so much nicer 
Moonkin Cavalry Nuff Said 
its beginning to look like i will be playing SWTOR and < PROPFEMALE > , and having to drop WoW if these two live up to everything if your interested in SWTOR go to swtor.com for their trailer on crafting its pretty fucking awesome 
< PROPFIRST > i am calling you out i'm getting SSF4 tomorrow and you won't get any comebacks cause i pwn like daigo 
time to hit the grind and climb the ladder hope i can get to competitive this time 
My friends will not know how I feel cause facebook is gay with its letter limit 
Facebook is a forum where you get to QQ about your life and see if people /agree or /comfort you maybe they'll /disagree but we know 50% will go the the ever reliable /troll 
soon I to will join troll druids in 4.03 a in being BAT-MON ( troll epic flight form joke ) 
Night world 
Blizzard can go suck a fat donkey < PROPMALE > no race changes till Dec 7th is unacceptable 
i take back the previous statement after seeing a new blue post from blizz saying they will be available 
waiting is the worst part of life 
Hoot ! 
damnit now beacause of someones < PROPFEMALE > video i have to listen to move it moveit while i lvl my druid to 80 
wow forums = worse than 4chan 
wow just wow Hackers are now making lvl 1 characters in wow and whispering you to ask straight forward if you have enough money to buy your epic flying so they know if your account is worth shit or not to hack just wow /facepalm 
as people wake up to greet the new day i'm closing my blinds and hiding in my cave time to sleep , to hell with cold days 
Lol I stand in da bad stuff when I deeps just so you'll look better xD 
sometimes i feel like a bakemono 
lol beginning to think thrall should have appointed Gamon as warchief\ 
\ 
Gamon , He's tired of your shit and sick of being camped behave or else !! 
Hasn't been to bed yet and just spent the whole night thinking am I really so emotionally attached and devoid of feelings that the only think I look forward to is spending with someone equally fuck up this sunday 
I feel the need and I feel the greed I know its my sin its custom made for me the urning and wanting for things that I want or need be if a passing urge or a long sought < PROPFEMALE > but no matter if I get what I want the greeds still there as is the hole that can never be filled what will it take to free me from this madness 
All I want for Christmas is WW3 
All I want for christmas is my real troll flight form 
Sup 
Fire Fire Fire ! is one of my new favorite manga's and it has ridiculously awesome fan service so far 
so much for ichigo getting a new set of powers gay trying to restore his shinigami powers wtf why can't if for once if you use a move that gives you incredible power to defeat your woe and its seals your powers afterwards why is there always a way to restore them , and whats the point of him losing them in the first place so you can give it back to him later 
and Vongola's Strongest guardian enters the field of battle watch out He'll Bite you to Death 
i'm unattractive/ugly i was told so 
tron legacy i miss you and all of your beautiful Imax 3Dness 
hey people i think you need to send me a message to my inbox and let me know what you think of me and what kinda person i am 
my default pic shows badass i am at pokemon 
When I was a young boy \ 
I was honest and I had more self-control \ 
If I was tempted I would run \ 
Then , when I got older \ 
I began to lie to get exactly what I wanted \ 
When I wanted it \ 
- And I wanted it \ 
Now , I'm having trouble differentiating \ 
Between what I want \ 
And what I need \ 
To make me happy \ 
So instead of thinking I just stop \ 
Before I have the < PROPMALE > to contemplate the \ 
Consequences of action 
all i seem to look forward to is the presents and that i can drink all i want 
the new naruto chapter on mangastream is only cool because we finally see all seven swordsmen of the hidden mist 
Christmas was good its got me in a good mood :D 
In my enormous amount of free time I have discovered the meaning of life , the cure for cancer , how to solve world hunger , how to bring peace to the middle east , where osama bin laden is hiding , who killed president kennedy and how to gain immortality but why should I share you'll all die sooner or later 
rawr i be idk 
i fought the law and the law won 
nothing is better right now than listening to I fought the Law while playing Fallout New Vegas My fist will destroy my foes and the < PROPMALE > empire shall be reborn on US soil 
i think i have a 75% < PROPMALE > of starting WW3 since i'm over 50% < PROPMALE > this statistic makes me very happy 
New year's revolution . . . . . . . . ehhh idc enough to make one 
god i hate my mother and women all they do is look to start a fight and thank get mad at you cause they think your yelling at them when your not , if women didn't exist i think men everywhere would be stress free for he most part 
When your game freeze in the middle of loading the next area right after you just saved its prolly telling you to go to bed since you've been playing for 12 hours + 
WEASEL WAR DANCE 
i'm a better assassin than < PROPFEMALE > Morey 
Sleep , its a little like dying I think that's why I like it 
i am better than < PROPFIRST > Smith at SSF4 
< PROPFIRST > Smith i am so tired of mangareader adding fucking shoujo mangas all the time i want shounen or seinen 
I'm tired of seeing commercials on Hulu that asks us to donate money to buy shit like bug nets for families in Africa , < PROPFEMALE > needs to wake the fuck up and stop playing babysitter for all the rest of the world all we do is weaken ourselves in a time when < PROPFEMALE > needs to worry about fixing < PROPFEMALE > and not the rest of the world or these third-world countries 
I feel my new default pic does Jarryd Smith and < PROPFIRST > Smith proud , i feel it truly embraces the smith legacy and how i should act as an Honorary Smith 
i search for the lost secrets the earth has taken 
Hibari Kyouya never ceases to stop being a Beast 
finally i have finished Samurai Deeper Kyo i am really happy about that right now i never thought i would finish it since i couldn't find a completed version of it up anywhere 
Feels good to be the Hammer of Gotham , I like being part of the Bats family of heroes . Villains better watch out Gotham has a speedster now and he likes hitting things with his hammer 
Death or < PROPFEMALE > 
-2 points to < PROPFIRST>'s faith in humanity 
Kakashi is about to go Beast MODE awesome 
Trying to eat with your non-dominant hand is hard when you have to use your dominant hand to turn the < PROPFEMALE > of the manga you're reading because mangafox doesn't use the arrow keys 
sometimes i think Elric is an evil mastermind waiting to destroy me 
god smiled down upon me to < PROPMALE > me a gorgon pistol and a meat shield 
Fuck everybody 
I wish i was a monster < PROPMALE > 
bleach is gay hands down 
fucking pissed at capcom i want a monster < PROPMALE > game for the xbox or monster < PROPMALE > freedom 3 so bad 
playing some Mass Effect 1 for my serious play through for the full trilogy and i must confess I got that blue skin fever 
fuck idk if i should go Liara or < PROPFEMALE > 
New vegas confuses me I eat people to get bad < PROPFEMALE > and its looked down upon yet I'm a super good guy its reverse of fall out 3 which was easy to be evil in and just by stealing one thing it tanked your < PROPFEMALE > but in new vegas its like to be bad you have to seriously work for it kill like 3 towns worth of people and steal anything not nailed to the floor >_< 
lol i llove garryus he is hilarious sometimes , going to find the thorian * \we just need to find it . . . . it . . . . . . . this wasn't covered in the training manuals \"" 
elric does what elric does and elric does not like when < PROPFIRST > does not give him the appropriate attention 
valentines day and what i think about it 
i wish i had nakama 
all magic pales in comparison to the power of a dragon slayer 
< PROPFIRST > Corraro kills gods for fun 
this made up holiday is ridiculous and only purpose it serves it to make those who don't have someone feel like utter shit I for one think it can kiss my ass I don't need a stuck up jewelry loving bitch like the jewelry stores and shit want you to spend money on gifts and diamonds doesn't equal love the little things do 
fuck idk if i should go with < PROPFEMALE > or Liara and No < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > i will never romance Tali 
I hope I get to see my kid in dragon age 2 just payed off my special edition 
Reave is single handle the best skill in mass effect 2 it destroys just about anything it is used against 
My room is so dirty and toxic that Nazi Germany thought it would be too cruel and inhumane to keep jews in it 
Its annoying to think that some of the technology we possess is from pursuing the ability to leave our birthplace to explore unknown riches and where other life might exist but after a crowning achievement we sit here today not funding the space program and spitting on the achievements of our predecessors and walking backwards several or more years in techbology 
i was going to write a status and gets peoples opinions on what they thought about the topic till i couldn't post because of the gay ass 450 character limit , fucking facebook 
I AM DA DARKNESS 
I roll < PROPFEMALE > , Put your hands up for Team DHT 
oh mass effect2 , I let this person leave than Zaeed's like \ That's going to bite you in the ass someday \"" 
in the words of Chiun \ women should stay home and make babies . Preferably manchild \"" 
Oh mass effect bad guys when will you learn idc about the hostages if a few people die so I can kill you than I save more lives by permantly putting you down plus my paragon score let's me bluff you 
Sex is its most boring when all that is done is missionary if you agree like this 
i laughed so hard when i saw this 
it is impressive how the straw hat crew causes such huge misunderstandings its funny 
i am wishing my warden would walk up and slap Hawke in the face for resurrecting Flemeth 
Humor Hawke is better than Saint Hawke or Douche Hawke XD 
been a long week of being in texas than OKC back in my home base time to shower and whoop some ass 
Hajime no Ippo is a manga in weekly shonen jump it started its run on February 17 , 1990 and it is still coming out weekly to this day that makes it 21 years old and a week or 2 older than me not to mention it is a Boxing manga it is an impressive feat but even more amazing he hasn't gotten totally bored of it and started a new series 
wow i never knew the author of One Piece and the author of Shaman < PROPMALE > were both assistants to the author of Rurouni Kenshin before they both got their own series in shonen jump 
\ Who the fuck betrayed me I was 24-0 wtf who did that * rage * \"" 
< PROPFEMALE > has forgotten how to be < PROPFEMALE > and is now \ The Country That Wipes Everyone Else's Ass But It's Own \"" 
lol the guy who voices Gaara in the american version of naruto is Illidan in wow \ YOU ARE NOT PREPARED \"" 
Bitch guess what time it is . . . . . Its armordillo time 
my enemies flee before me , i am a bastion of defense and a god of war pray you do not become my foe for Rammus gives no quarter 
sleep aviods he who is deep in thought and in a state of deep melancholy 
Today will be meh 
i have discovered a new phrase i like thanks to Eliott El-Riot Frazier's status update my thanks go out to him \ Bitch i otta smack you \"" 
Two days and than no one will ever hear from < PROPFIRST > or me for a month or 2 
Kinda tired right now 
FUCK YAY GEARS 3 BETA IS HERE TIME TO BRING THE PAIN WOOOOO 
been an interesting day so far to say the least 
I personally love when people QQ in the gears beta about oh we would have won if they didn't < PROPMALE > or sawed-off & i just casually reply back yeah that that is most definitely the reason you lost when all the starting weapons are viable and you totally don't need to L2P 
The challenge has been made and the rain storm provided hurry stack your bb's and stack them high to appease your maker/s 
.... 
i like how i can go stuff my face with sushi and be fine but after eating at a normal restaurant and i feel sick like i am going to throw up 
