wishes he didnt have to go to work ... id rather be with < PROPFEMALE > today 

is wondering why \Room 409\ " is runnin through his head " 
finally got texting back ! 
lost the game 
Nightmare by Eleventyseven :) you know who it relates to :D . I love you my Malaika ! :D 
MUST HAVE MORE METAL !!! * continues headbanging ! * 
AAAAAH !!! THE BOOK CAME OUT YESTERDAY AND I DONT HAVE IT YET !!!!! AAAH !!! Must make a Barnes and Nobles run tomorow ... 
cant wait for the Siege of Mirkwood to come out ! 
My mind is blown ! After 18 years one of my teachers finds her for me ! THANK YOU LARGENT !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
I got accepted to Union University !!! 
forgot how easy it is to become homesick 
how does one write a 1.5 < PROPFEMALE > definition of \Pride\ " ? i can summon it up in one sentence ... Pride is feeling accomplished through ones deeds ... see ... easy ! " 
A man reserves his true and deepest love not for the species of woman in whose company he finds himself electrified and enkindled , but for that one in whose company he may feel tenderly drowsy . - < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
cant stop reading < PROPMALE > Adams books ... im slowly losing my mind 
i actually got my hair cut ! 
well , guess mom wont let me take a break this weekend ... grrr 
Come on feel the noise\ 
Girls rock your boys\ 
We'll get wild , wild , wild\ 
Wild , wild , wild . 
is logged into LOTRO 
is now logged out of LOTRO 
is thinking they will slowly drive him insane ... 
wait a minuite ... i cant watch the world cup !? i dont care if its on at 2am ... 
< PROPFEMALE > is coming tomorow ! And numbnuts too ... Im so excited ! 
Why ? 
Why her ? Why now ? 
very boring game . 
Even < PROPMALE > noris loses the game 
is staying at ambers house til friday ! 
Life is like food . No matter what you eat , it always ends up the same way ... 
the average person spends 20,000 minuites kissing ... nice ! 
10 hr drive to < PROPMALE > TN for some freshman picnic thingy ... doesnt sound fun ... hope i find some other MKs so im not bored 
We made it to < PROPMALE > . gettin ready to go to dinner with my cousin and hopefully some other MKs from Union 
I got my college schedule ... ive got classes at 8:00 am every day ... but i dont have any classes after 2:00 lol 
who woulda thought that putting together a computer desk would take so long 
yall should totally look up the song \Kill the Wabbit\ " its hilarious ! " 
cant get \Medusa ? by Anthrax out of his head ... " 
its sad seeing < PROPFEMALE > Graves under the \Keep in Touch\ " panel on the side ... " 
ive got no clue who is gunna win today ... im stumped 
did not want spain to win ... 
Die herbeigesehnte Rache\ 
Begangen in Blut\ 
Keine Gnade gezeigt\ 
Keine Gnade gezeigt 
I GOT A DOG !!! 
Blasting \the thing that should not be\ " is way too much fun " 
< PROPFEMALE > got me a pipe for my birthday lol !!! i love it !! of course im not puttin anything in it ... but i still look like a teenage Gandalf lol 
3 MORE DAYS AND YEARS OF WAITING IS FINALLY OVER !!!!! can you tell that im excited ? 
MY LIFE FOR AIUR ! 
Inception has officially screwed my mind into a state of confusion 
well ... my arms bronzed nicely ... the rest of my body ... well ... i nuked it very well . whos idea was it to go kayaking ? 
does it really matter in the end ? no ... 
Im loving the new speakers on my compy :D 
is watching his computer slowly die and has no clue why it is dying ... 
7 days till i head down to Union ... why do parents add so much stress to the packing ? Its not like im leaving forever 
SHUT UP FOOL !!!! - Mr. T 
BIRD IS THE WORD !!! 
yes mom ... i packed my socks ... yes mom , i packed my shirts ,... yes mom , i packed my books . no mom , im not taking my knives . mom !!! GET OFF MY BACK !! 
Is driving down to Union today . 
being woken up to the sound of very loud heavy metal is always good :) 
All of my room mates come in today ! Maybe ill get a transfer over to the Heritage dorms so i dont have to be with all upper classmen ... 
should have brought his guitar with him 
and the award for most awkward thing said at college goes to < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > for saying \DUDE !! WHERE ARE MY CLOTHES !!?? \"" 
i love the fact that there are a buch of kenyans at union ... they already have a nickname for me ... Chokora 
can we shoot our professors if they tell us somthing untrue ? especially if its part of their area of study ... 
aah ramen noodles ... the college students feast of kings ... 
never get into a \wierdest thing i ever ate was ... \ " competition with a missionary kid ... you will lose " 
i love how you have to be able to swim to graduate from Union ... this is gunna be the easiest test of the year !! 
Room mates and i made dinner for 4 beautiful young women last night ... it was fun :D 
being sick over labor day weekend sucks 
feels anti-American today ... as always 
add a cowbell to any song and it suddenly becomes amazing ... 
That which is started by < PROPMALE > men , will not save the poor from dying ... 
My history professor is officially amazing ... 
why is it when race is brought up in the south everyone goes insane ... people ... that was ages ago ... get over it !!! 
Ive got a lovely bunch of coconuts .... 
I commend you for your loyalty to her , but if she believes that being a flipskirt is going to fill that void then you need to step away and stop defending her choice 
caffine is a must in college ... thankfully mom and dad are coming this weekend and can buy my more coffee :D 
Americans amuse me ... 
its almost impossible not to start laughing when youre taking a test and \The Final Countdown\ " starts playing in your head " 
i have come to the conclusion that i need to do laundry today :D 
incase you havent noticed ... i dont care what an american is supposed to think 
you know what sucks ... when youre the last person in you dorm to get sick ... you get the REALLY bad version of what everyone else got .. 
Mom and Dad brought my guitar !! woot !! 
i know im supposed to help educate the ignorant ones .... but its so much fun to perpetuate their ignorance ... 
Welcome to < PROPFEMALE > , the land of the free and the home of the proudly ignorant 
at least i got to class on time ... bombing the test is secondary ... 
being stuck at college over fall break sucks .... 
In < PROPFEMALE > there are two commandments ... \ 
\ 
I . Thou shalt be ignorant and slightly retarded about everything that happens outside of your little town\ 
II . Thou shalt be puncutal , or they will shoot you 
so ... midterms ... they suck 
Then it comes to be that the soothing light at the end of your tunnel , was just a freight train comming your way ... 
\Kickstart My Heart\ " is a great workout for a guitarist ... my arm BURNS !!! " 
wait a < PROPFEMALE > ... i woke up for class on Remembrance day ? GAAH !!! 
This should be sufficiently amusing :\ 
If you are reading this , even if we don't speak often , post a comment of \ 
a memory of you and me . when you've finished , post this as your \ 
own status . you'll be surprised what people remember about you ! 
has been listening to Indian music all day ... 
so many assignments , so little time to sleep , so much stress , not enough < PROPFEMALE > ... 
being the devils advocate is one of best parts of being human ... people get so mad when you question their thoughts ! 
Congratulations to Pride for getting second at nationals ! 
when will people learn that they can be wrong and it be perfectly ok ... dont get pissed at me when i show you that you are mistaken 
hehe home made chai is always good on cold rainy days 
Whenever i see a girl doing the splits i hurt so bad .... 
doesnt understand why everyone is stressing about next semesters classes ... yall know they are gunna suck in the end no matter what 
ok .. this pilau smells way too good 
aah , dorm sweet dorm ... where i can blast Rammstein 
what is up wih all the people with their profile pics as pokemanz ? 
waking up to \Du Hast\ " by Rammstein on the first day of finals ... how could life get bad today ? " 
so ... my phone is broken . i can recieve calls , but thats about it ... idk when im gunna get it fixed 
the nazis blamed the jews for stealing their jobs ... does that make us nazis for blaming the hispanics for stealing our jobs ? 
Willst du bis der < PROPMALE > euch scheidet , treu ihr sein für alle Tage ... 
Driving down to Tulsa today . Ill be there until Sunday if yall wanna see me ! 
I got a new phone !! but i lost all of my < PROPFIRST > . send me a text ! 
You're never too old to be immature 
just wasted 3 hours out in the snow following < PROPFEMALE > around 
The Heroin Diaries . Read it . 
Finally finished Towers of Midnight . 
did i really just spend 5 hours watching Dethklok ? really ??? 
