Back in School and week one is over !!!!!!!! 

Is enjoying his brand new iMac after taking a brief moment of silence for his dearly departed G4 . 
Thank you to all of the brave men and women of today and yesterday who selflessly defend this nation . 
If you and I woke up in jail together ... using ONLY 4 words .... what would you say to me ?? Afterwards copy and paste and use your status to see what responses you get . 
I have seven papers and a powerpoint due by next Tuesday ! I only have two papers written !! Yep sounds like its time for some Mafia Wars or Bejeweled !! LOL !! AAAHHHHHHH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all of our friends and Loved ones out there !!!!! We love you and miss you all !!!!!!!!!!!! 
Happy New Year Everybody !! Be safe out there tonight !!! 
Forgot just how exhausting softball tryouts are ! Can't wait till tomorrow ! It'll all be over soon , it'll all be over soon !! 
Can someone please explain to me how curling qualifies as an Olympic sport and softball does not ... anyone ...??? 
A true friend doesn't care what you're wearing , if you're home is tidy or not , if you're car is making funny noises , that you only have $0 in the bank this week , or that you and you're loved ones aren't perfect and do actually fight ... a true friend just likes you for you ! Repost this if you have at least one true friend .... 
Taught my first culinary class today !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! What a blast . I haven't had that much fun in so long I can't wait to do this everyday !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
GLENDALE 13 - WASHINGTON 12 YAAYA !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Please put this on your status if you know , or are related to , someone killed on the Death < PROPFEMALE > . My wish for 2010 is that people will understand that the Rebel Alliance is a band of murdering scum . The Empire wants only to bring peace to the galaxy but these rebels continue to kill our brave brothers in white ... 93% won't copy and paste this . Will YOU make this your status for at least one hour ? 
It's finally official the letter has been turned in !!! Say hello to Glendale's new Culinary Arts Teacher !! Yayaaaaaa !! 
A recent poll revealed that 98% of teenagers would cry , if < PROPFIRST > Pattinson{TWILIGHT } , was standing on top of a building , threatening to jump . If you are in the 2% who would sit there in a lawn chair , eating popcorn , yelling \DO A BACK FLIP YOU SPARKLY BITCH !!! \ " ... please repost ! " 
Supplying a whole building is somewhat overwhelming ... but then I take a breath and realize that it's not my money and that makes it all better !! 
Day one down ! Day two here I come !! 
My Fall-Ball Ladies rock ! I am so proud of them !!!!!!!! We are 4 and 2 and standing strong in second place !!!!!!!!! Go Cardinals !!!! What a great day !! 
Kitchen is done , First lab was today . I have the best job ever !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Happy thanksgiving to all of our loved ones both home and abroad ! We love you all and wish you the very best !!!!!! 
To all of our friends and family out there . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! Have a wonderful and fun day with those near you and pause to remember those we miss ! Love you Dad ! 
It is amazing how having a birthday can let you know how truly loved you are ! Thank you to everyone who thought of me yesterday ! I love you all ! 
Happy Birthday to the best wife a man could ask for !!! I am truly blessed !!!!! 
