Adobe Illustrator and Writing my Story 

Nothing .... nothing at all . Currently I'm brain dead with a side of twitching . Make sense ? 
Playing White Knight Chronicles & Modern Warfare 2 todau . Attempting to keep in touch with my phone so if ya need me just text . 
Just getting home from watching a three hour long movie with my sister and it felt good to relax . Don't know what I'm going to do now ... but it involves Celldweller and Burnout Paradise . 
It's Snowing Bishes ! Get outside and enjoy the weather while it last ! 
After a long day of fun things , like quality time , laughter , pie , catching up somewhat with really old friends , being threatened , and playing Tekken 6 ... I feel content today . I sleep with a calm mind tonight ... its the first in a while . Wait ... is that a bunneh ? Oh shit ... Gotta go .. >_> 
Currently dying in Environmental Science .... please .... if there someone who cares ... help me ... >_< 
Rarely I ever do anything out of the ordinary , however I feel great after going bowling with my brother . Sure , he kicked my ass because I hadn't bowled in a while but I guess the experience was more important . Next time though ... 
It's very rare to see me in a position where all seem lost and I feel like giving up . This feeling is new and it making me just wanna dwell in my attempts . Talk about depression ... >_> 
Waking up this morning with optimism , even though I really see myself going to see a certain movie twiice with both my sisters . Maybe I should go back to sleep for a bit longer .. 
Its been awhile since I've been on here . Alot of people are doing alot of things but it all fails in comparsion to playing Final Fantasy XIII ! So yeah ! -Sigh , short breah- I need a life . Anyone care to help ? 
Sitting in class , listening to a lecture on food production while reading Soul Eater's new manga chapters and glancing over to my brother's < PROPMALE > random doodling . Productive ! (-_-) 
Japanese Anime Music Day ! 
Paramore Rocks ! 
Went to sleep at seven and just now risen from the big uncomfortable couch ( pun ) . Now ... I'm just here ... 
Need to get active ..., any suggestions in help ? 
Just got back from bowling and I'm getting better each time . 180 was my high score and I'm proud of it ! Whoo ! I had fun tonight and I hope all those that went with did too . 
Is it possible to make everyone happy and enjoy life yourself ? Is it completely absurd to want to follow the dreams with the people that inspire you to push forward ? Am I wrong for wanting to experience something with the people I care about just as much as family ? Wrong for wanting to push them towards their goals because they are simiiar to mine ? Wrong for doing everthing I can to help ? 
In class , dying for sickness , and playing uno to passthe time . Whoo ! 
Easter ... Ya- ... uh -cough , grumble grumble , grumble . - Another day ... 
Whoa ... dude ... I had a wicked dream that I was a potato that blessed the earth with potato chips and was slain and mained by a skinner and a deep fryer , using my remains to feed the world as french fries . Potatos got it rough ... 
So much to do with time slipping away ... 
Well , this is going to so-so day . Psp , cracked ... nothing to do in a school for about six hours , going to see Kick Ass whenever I get the < PROPMALE > to ... and no internet at house house at the moment ... Days like these are so much fun ... 
Been a long time ... speaking of which where is all the currents of creative juices ? 
Reading Material : Fate Stay Night , High School of the Day , < PROPMALE > of Tennis , and the usuals Bleach , Naruto , and Akumetsu . If ya reading this , what is everyone reading ? 
Katanagatari is one the greats ... this month episode gave me chills . 
After searching for about a year now , I finally have the CDs of Chronic Future . All three of them are finally in my possession for those who want them . They are awesome throwback CDs when music was actually good , had meaning and worth listening to . 
As of Monday , whatever date it is because dates aren't important , I will start the journey to get back to the way I was .... Whoo ! 
Progress .... dude ... losing weight is hard .... >_> but I'm not giving up ! Now ... off the track yet again so I can do a couple of laps . 
\Can we pretend that airplanes in the night's sky are like shooting stars ? I could really use a use a wish right now ... \ " Airplanes . " 
You know , when you not feeling quite right in the head and you watch something that completely uplifts your spirits ... its kinda astonishing . It writing and storytelling like that I wish to duplicate to inspire all that only gives it a < PROPMALE > to read . Naruto Shippudden Movie 3 was the most awesome one to date . sure its cliche by now ... but still something worth watching . Well , now I feel inspired . Back to writing ! 
It is really amazing what people can ask of you . Now if anyone happens to read this , I want there honesl opinion on it because I think I may have answered wrong . You would choose to be a hyopcrite over being honest with yourself to please another ? ( Especially a loved one ) Seriously , this was brought up and the person did not like my answer ... so I wanna hear your thoughts . 
Dude ... i had the strangest dream that I was outside at a park enjoying the fresh air when dogs were walking humans , Cats were arresting humans for not using the litter box and birds were big enough to harbor passengers ... Weird . 
Vividly seeing the World through unveiled eyes and open mind . Things never been so clear ... 
After last night's epic rain .... i am feeling pretty damn good and inspired to do something awesome . I don't know what though ... I guess I will have to post back to say what . But first , I have a paper and a short story to write so ... after mopping the floor .... eww . Be back . Text if you need me . 
Well , I'm thinking about taking a < PROPMALE > step and commit to something that I strongly beleive is in my best interest . I've decided that I'm going to give 90 days of the Power 90 fitness program in the attempt to lose weight . 
Carnivals ! Looking forward to goig downtown for the epicness ! 
I just got through watching the BET performance of Airplanes at the award show and it completely sucked balls . A complete failure with so hint of redemption . It will never happen . You can't repalce < PROPFEMALE > on that song . I wasted valuable time of my life with bullshit . Yay ! 
In general people experience their present naively , as it \ 
were , without being able to form an estimate of its contents ; they have \ 
first to put themselves at a distance from it - the present , that is to \ 
say , must have become the past - before it can yield points of vantage \ 
from which to judge the future . 
Pain is a relative objective , physical phenomenon ; suffering is our \ 
psychological resistance to what happens . Events may create physical \ 
pain but they do not in themselves create suffering . Resistance creates \ 
suffering . Stress happens when your mind resists what is the only \ 
problem in your life is your mind's resistance to life as it unfolds . 
I hate posers ! I really hate them ... >_> 
All right people . For those that know me , understand that we have to make the rest of this year epic ! REALLY FUCKING EPIC ! I want men showering their faces in awesome tears and women flocking flowers of joy in our direction , I want the heavens to part to show a glimpse of my future greatness and the ground tremble in fear of its cascading effect on society ! Who's with me !?!?!?! 
Have you ever woke up questioning everything that is around you ? Why are certain things in place ? Why the media only speaks of self-absorbed and material things but not of helping or coming to the aid of those need ? Why do you feel at peace with nature but in flux when your trying to obtain something ? My first few hours felt very strange after my nap .... just thought I might share for the sake of conversation . 
Just watched the first episode of High School og the Dead and it was awesome ! Is willing to give up the goods to all that are interested . 
Why in the blue hell is it so damned hawt !? Oh my . Gawd ! Please someone turn on the intercontinental air conditioner ... we're dying . 
Crunchyroll acquired the rights to Bleach and can now offically sub it while eliminating the fansub groups that does the anime justice . Damn it .... today already has started off bad .... 
Feeling pretty good . Just got started on My Anime List and realized that even though I've finsihed plenty shows , doing this makes me want to go back and rewatch all my beloved series like Wolf's Rain and all the ones that I consider classics that appeared on Toonami and Adult Swim befoe I had access to the internet and finishing those that the network didn't . Hooray for Anime ! 
Figure I would do my bi yearly ritual of looking at the Tarot Cards reading of my life ... just to see a different aspect or judge of myself and I'm rather shocked to see the closeness it articulates me . It was kinda enlightening to say the least . 
Izo is one of the most confusing , bloody , and weirdness movies I have ever seen and it must watched by everyone . 
Firefox's Facebook Sidebar ... 
Onemanga is falling ... I believe all anime and manga fans are going to in for a real good show over the next coming months with all the changing that is taking place . 
You are overflowing with preconceptions , full of useless knowledge . You\ 
hold many facts and opinions , yet know little of yourself . Before you \ 
can learn , you'll have to first empty or take out the trash . 
Its about time we stop gathering information from the outside and start gathering it from the inside because we are afraid of whats on the inside , however that is the only place we are ever going to get what we need . - Peaceful Warrior 
30 seconds to Mars & Gorillaz .... the most awesome mash up of different sounds that leaves me content and satisfied . 
Once more from underneath the depths of my issues , inspirations have risen to make my creativity bloom aboard , allowing to once again pull up my Word document(Not pen ) and start writing . Whoo ! 
School ! Yeah ! 
Working at a library starting today ! 
Rediscovered Three Doors Down and realize just how awesome of a band they were back in the day and I kind of miss them now . They music actually is helping me through a very tough time ... go Kpytonite ! 
For the second straight day , I've had morning wood ... Anybody wanna help me out with that , my girlfriend doesn't wanna help ! 
I think I have the most dedicated girlfriend ever place on this earth and I am truly thankful for all that she has done for me , which includes sticking with me through the toughest of times . If you have someone like this , no matter who they are to you , leave a comment or at least let them know how much they mean to you . They deserve to know . 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ... Enjoying the sweet sound of real music . 
Despite my efforts of feeling all right and everything settling back to normal , honestly I feel like there is something missing . I don't feel accomplished .... I rather feel pathetic and worthless . Exterior wounds heals quickly with care but internal may never be the same . 
There is nothing like enjoying a day with the one you love , especially when the two of you can go through anything together and laiugh about it .. 
< PROPFIRST > Pilgrim was probably the best movie of 2010 . It was meaning of the word awesome and exceeded all expectations . I love it so much that I'm going to see it again . Whoo for good movies ! 
Cleaning is actually kinda cool . However , saving a brother is much more important ! We Are Sex Bob-Omb and we're here to make you think about death and get sad and stuff ! WHOO ! 
Ichigo's back ! Go Bleach ! 
Rediscovered why Superman is my favorite comic book hero ! Now off to play Perfect World . 
Over the last couple of weeks , I have fallen tot he bottom of the depths with my reverie shattering before my eyes to bring me to reality . My mistakes are mine and embrace those that may not be true because , “If\ 
you have made mistakes , there is always another < PROPMALE > for you . You may\ 
have a fresh start any moment you choose , for this thing we call \ 
' failure ' is not the falling down , but the staying down . ” 
Alive again . Nothing can stop me now . I'm back ! 
Anyone wants to donate a room for a kind person to take refuge ? I could one one right about now ... 
Bleach just reminded me what does it mean to be epic . I can't help but enjoy it . Whoo ! GO Ichigo ! 
The\ 
longer I live , the more I realize the impact of attitude on life . \ 
Attitude now , to me , is more important than\ 
the past , the education , the money , than circumstances , than failure or successes , than what other people think or say or do . Because of this . we play on the one string we have , and that is our attitude . I am \ 
convinced that life is 10% what happens to me and 90% of how I react to \ 
it . 
It\ 
hurts to love someone and not be loved in return , but what is the most \ 
painful is to love someone and never find the courage to let the person \ 
know how you feel . Tell someone close and do something with that person . I miss you < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Well today , I am allowed to have what may be my last carefree weekend . So much to do . Spending the entire day with my girl , partying and bowling on Saturday , drawing and writing on Sunday with the < PROPMALE > of seeing a dear friend(Nicole O_ ~ ) and my brothers . T.G.I.F !!!!! 
Kingdom Hearts Complete Soundtrack , including the most important piano pieces and scores . I wonder , does anyone here knows hot to play piano ? I'm willing to pay to be taught . 
best days of your life is the ones on which you decide your life is your \ 
own . No apologies or excuses . No pathetic reasoning and crutches . And no one defending you what you do . No one to < PROPFEMALE > on , rely on , or blame . \ 
The gift is yours - it is an amazing journey that you alone are \ 
responsible for the quality of it . That is the day your life really \ 
begins . So I ask , when are we going to stop making excuses ? 
Where are you ? Here . What time is it ? Now . What are you ? This Moment . - I have taken out the trash . 
HI-Lo Certification(sp ? ) Whoo ! I accomplished something great yesterday . 
Embarking on a journey of knowledge and wisdom ; for wisdom is combination of understanding , acceptance , and enacting on your own words and beliefs . I have a long way to go and my feet are already worn , but hopefully perseverance in on my side . 
Is autumn a prelude to the events to come ? The changes that will encompass my actions and decisions of the future ? I sit , admiring the clouds in thought . 
The most wonderful of all things in life , I believe , is the discovery of another human being with who one's relationship has a growing depth , beauty , and joy as the years increase . This inner progressiveness of love between two is a marvelous thing ; having not to weigh thoughts nor measure words , but through the feelings of one another . This is my 4th Year Anniversary . Whoo ! 
When\ 
you smiled , you had my undivided attention . When you laughed , you had my \ 
urge to laugh with you . When you cried , you had my urge to hold you . When\ 
you said you loved me , you had my heart forever . - My thoughts are out to you . 
Before I sleep , I smile in a sense of content ; For there is no friend like a sister , \ 
in calm or < PROPFEMALE > weather , to cheer one on the tedious way , to fetch \ 
one if one goes astray , to lift one if one totters down , to strengthen \ 
whilst one stands , and to stand beside after hard times . You have my thanks , little sister . Love always , in that shit talkin ' , noogie given , admiration type of way . (^_^) 
I didn't know what to post after my time away and has settled with saying I love my girlfriend and she is crazi ! 
Two days later and I'm still thinking about city club and how much I fun I had with my bestest friend , my brothers , and wonderful dancing girlfriend . Thank you . 
Communication is sole link to having a good relationship or having a bad one . The way one speaks and understands words and phrases can make the day good or bad . 
Death to all those non-believers . 
To Aru Majutsu no i\\Index Season 2 ! 
Anime is storming back with a vengeance ! Shows are returning , old ones are resurfacing , and I get to absorb it all ! Whoo for anime ! 
Q ) Why are people asking themselves questions on a social network ? A ) This new < PROPFEMALE > of stupidity , in theory was conjured by attention seekers who in a attempt to 
I have a question for all thoses who can see it . When you want to discuss a serious matter with someone , do you begin with an insult ? 
Not without search , I've self-discovered Naked Music ( Really good House music ) . Talking about being overwhelm ! 
Wait ... do they bleep out foul words ? Fuck ! 
Do I get mvoie deals on Black Friday . 
Has anyone stopped to ponder about the rain ? What mere drops of water could represent ? The tears and tightly gripped emotions displayed ro the masses to 
As my thoughts manifests into creations of imagination , my consort obeys my will , acting as my pencil to my blank canvas of life as I rise from slumber . The contours of encounters , conversations , and ideas that my consort simulates with others displays and represents the collective known only as DvUs . 
It is amazing exactly how fast a person's life can completely change course . How fast you can lose and have to start anew . Car accident ... totaled car ... but I'm 
To my amazement , I've come the realization that our society complains about on thing and continues to do or involve themselves in the very thing that generates 
Car is awesomenes ! Two seater for the win ! 
Shopping . I guess can be amusing . Still don't like it though . 
5 more days ... still has no clue what is going on . Perhaps the political thing to do would be to lay in the snow and drop dead ... nah , but I might go to sleep . 
Whoo ! Being 21 makes me feel no different than I did yesterday . I might abuse my new found abilities ... but how ? 
Transformation is only valid if it is carried out with the people , not for them . Liberation is like a childbirth , and a painful one . The person who emerges is a new person : no longer the oppressor or oppressed , but a person in the process of achieving freedom . It is only the oppressed who , by freeing themselves , can free their oppressors . 
Our imagination is tool used to express our creative vision . It is our ability to unravel the mysteries behind our dreams , desires , and aspirations that most people take for granted . Because of my curiosity , where do you implore your imagination ? In what ways it in invoked to make creativity flourish ? Just a thought for the masses . 
Have you ever wondered what happened to the brave and courageous people of our past generations that stood up what they believed in ? People who boycotted and marched in name of peace , justice , and equality . It makes me sad to think I have to be grouped with this generation . -Sigh . - At least I have \Change \"." 
ON a descending trip downward in the recesses of my thoughts , a place I don't want to be at ... but all that I grasp is out of reach . 
ANIME DAY ! 
Michigan ... why do you forsaken me ? Am I not just a youth trying to gain his bearing on your soil ? Why have you made my task so difficult ? Calling upon strength , determination , and wit to simply get by on your lands . Though young , my wisdom exceeds that of the average and I do not wish to suffer if you are not willing to give . I may have to leave you . 
Sometimes , just sometimes , life has a way of showing that its worth it all . Enjoy and < PROPFEMALE > your experiences . 
Inspiration simulates creativity , which in turn conjures admiration for another piece of work and inspires another to create . If the process is true , why aren't any new and creative ideas flourishing from our generation ? Why have our industry of movies and music rekindling things from the past instead of igniting the flame of the future ? Care for a simple Conversation ? 
Could boredom possible inspire creativity ? Are there any examples or success stories ? Would it be possible to make a info-merical about the ten ways to use your boredom to your advantage . -Sigh . - 
ZOMG ! < PROPFIRST > tried to play Call of Duty ! And he didn't such that bad ! 
Shout out to all my S.A.G.s and all my favorite F.B.M.s Ya keep the world going around . We will bring in the end of the world , with ya by our side ! We can't do it without cha ! 
Thoughts consume my conscious as my subconscious continues to question its purpose . I feel like I should be doing something and its hard to distinguish the feeling between want and need . Puzzling the unraveling of yourself is . 
PACKERS ALL DAY ! ( And I wasn't rooting for a team ! ) 
I'm actually kinda happy today that my girlfriend is hanging out with her girlfriend ! Yeah ! 
SUCH MISFORTUNE ! 
Bore . 
If dreams our are passages ways and breed hope and inspiration , why does failure feels so crushing ? 
The ideal of death is looming closely behind me in constantly unison with my heartbeat . Each step it reaches out and narrowly escape its grasp . Perhaps the time has come to stop alluding and embrace the thought . Its more promising than what is before me eyes anyway . 
The fish trap exists because of the fish . Once you've gotten the fish you can forget the trap . The rabbit snare exists because of the rabbit . Once you've gotten the rabbit , you can forget the snare . Words exist because of meaning . Once you've gotten the meaning , you can forget the words . Where can I find a man who has forgotten words so I can talk with him ? 
In dwelling , live close to the ground . In thinking , keep to the simple . In conflict , be fair and generous . In governing , don't try to control . In work , do what you enjoy . In family life , be completely present . 
Girlfriends .... how do you live with them ? (-_-) How do you live without them ? 
Rekindling with friends that you haven't spoken to in awhile , always brings about a long awaited smile . Its amazing how such an encounter can ignite a flame that was once just a mere < PROPFEMALE > . The best kind of friend is the one you could sit on a porch with , never saying a word , and walk away feeling like that was the best conversation you've had . < PROPFEMALE > & < PROPFIRST > , Thanks alot . I love you guys . 
To < PROPFEMALE > a legitmate dislike for one's fellow man , the reasoning dare not be bias for fear of favoritism . Thus , i plea that I , with a bitter passion ... hate people and newly discovered malls . 
Life is too short not to be happy . Sadness should come and go . 
Red Riding Hood is actually very good with a twist that I didn't expect . Exploring the mall and movie gave a good day of laughs and enjoyment . 
If you dare to take up the banner of enlightenment , you will be attacked from all sides . From the inside you will be attacked by your own mind and from the outside you will be attacked by everyone else's mind . Anyone who dares to succeed automatically presents a huge threat . 
For those who bottle their problems without the intent of clearing them from your chest , you only bury yourself only insecurities , fears , and sadness . It create a person of fear , lying and holding trust issues towards those closest to him . This person needs to change . 
Was reminded why Role-Playing was a great escape and produced such heighten creativity . Awesome . 
Thinking of installing a mute button in my head . How would i go about it ? 
SHEHA !!!! 
