I really am a terrible friend ... 

I really wish people would tell me what they wantto tell me , rather than pussy-footing around it ... 
Love is the wisdom of the fool and the folly of the wise . 
I hate when I fail at my purpose ... oh well . :) 
webcams are awesome , especially half-way across the country . 
Juice boxes are great after working a lot . :D 
You know you're small when the laptop bag you bought looks huge when you pick it up ... 
\Titty Bar ! \"" 
They will not force us They will stop degrading us They will not control us We will be victorious 
Now it's lonely ... DX 
They will not force us . They will stop degrading us . They will not control us . We will be victorious . 
If anyone wants to chat , text me . If you don't know my # ask someone who does . 
God damn demon curls ... 
Food doesn't taste as good when you are eating alone ... 
Did anyone else notice that it looks eerily chipper today ? Well anyways , here’s some good luck and courage to those who need it today . 
I don't know what's worse ; the pain it gives me or the pain of removing it ? 
This Sunday is going to be awesome . I really can't wait to < PROPFEMALE > out ! 
Cannibal ! is fucking amazing . 
Teller of untruths , your trousers have combusted ! 
When you were born you were crying and everyone around you was smiling . Make it through life so that when you die you will be smiling and everyone around you will be crying . 
well ... i got home 4-ish this morning and my mum thought it'd be funny to wake me up at 7 . Justs for shits and giggles ... 
Damn . I got a throat cold , lost my voice and i hurt my new piercings again ... today suck except for playing Imagine ... 
So yeah , that big unicorn chased me down and killed me again yesterday ... 
I know the greatest people ever . :3 
Because everybody knows that Australians < PROPFEMALE > a wombat around in their kangaroo . XD 
Oh my < PROPMALE > , you're so bouncy . Lovely little cutie , wont you cuddle me , cuddle me , cuddle me , cuddle me ? Oh my < PROPMALE > , you're so bouncy , Lovely little cutie , wont you follow me , follow me , follow me ? 
If this is as bad as it gets , I can handle it . 
Today was one hell of a day . 
I wish I could rip my head off and stomp on it just to make it stop hurting ... stupid caffiene addiction . 
XD i may have a concussion . 
wants to do some work on < PROPMALE > projects ... 
' Burn me . Burn me so I can't survive . Burn me until I can't breathe . Until my dying day . ' 
Fighting evil by moonlight . 
anybody want a free skateboard ? It's ~ 31 inches , mildly scuffed up . Decoration on bottom is flames ?, blue and white outlined in red . 
In addition to the skateboard I am also trying get rid of a ' RoboPet ' dog . runs on AAA batteries . includes < PROPMALE > and remote along with dog . 
In our family portrait we look pretty happy , we look pretty normal ; let's go back to that . In out family portrait we look pretty happy ; let's play pretend , act like it go naturally . 
Today I'm dirty I want to to be pretty Tomorrow I know , I'm just dirt Today I'm dirty I want to to be pretty Tomorrow I know , I'm just dirt 
Feeling quite sick now ... 
well fuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuck . 
\So there I was minding my own business outside . When this snail comes out of nowhere an chases me . \"" 
deviantart now c o-o wns my soul ... 
I am done with internet assholes 
Got my wig , almost finished the dress , and now I am having second-third-fourth-fifth thoughts ... 
In a crooked little town , they were lost and never found Fallen leaves , fallen leaves , fallen leaves ... on the ground Run away before you drown , or the streets will beat you down Fallen leaves , fallen leaves , fallen leaves ... on the ground 
I never once thought , I'd ever be caught ! Staring at sidewalks , hiding my track marks ! I left my best friends , or did they just leave me ? 
hmm ... maybe carving a block of wood with sharp tools , no gloves/eyegear , and no first aid < PROPFEMALE > anywhere nearby at 3:30 am is NOT a good idea . Good thing I had a napkin and orange painters tape in the room . 
I don't care what anyone else says ; Tesla Coils are THE best things ever made . 
Leaving for Acen tomorrow ! 
True Blood True Blood True Blood True Blood True Blood True Blood ... 
Wahhhh !!! Can't wait ! :) 
Gahhh !!! I was so close to escaping too ... T^T 
i wanna ink .... < PROPFEMALE > you gotta draw something i can ink !!! please ! 
i found an actor that would be the best doitsu EVER !! :D 
Going blonde for reals next time . I promise . 
WWWWWWAAAAAAFFFFFLLLLLLEEESSS !!!!!!! 
So I finally got my hair blonde and then I get a massive douche of a computer virus the very next day ... dang . 
i miss you ... T^T 
Ithink the all-mighty weather gods despise me ... :/ On the other hand though the caffiene gods shower me with 3 12-packs of soda . 
hehehe birthday loot . hehehe ... 
Step One ! : Lose The Gun ! Step Two ! : Buy A Canoe ! Step Three ! : Live Multiculturily ! Step Four!:You're Ready , There Is No More ! 
Soooo ... My Power is prolly gonna go out soon . Damn Storm . 
Dude why's every body so touchy lately ? One little opinion and they just flip their shit ... 
I'm sorry . I am so sorry . 
Bleh ... IDK . Bored out of my MIND . -_- 
Really happy now despite of my sunburn . New friend , list of anime to watch , cool new music to listen to . Life is lookin ' up !!! :D 
Today is gonna be a good day ! Started off with Foo Fighters - Pretender , a butterscotch/caramel granola bar , and feeling great ! :D 
Happy happy happy ! =^.^= 
Idk ... really want to finish my litebright lamp but i ran out of pegs ... guess i gotta go buy some more . 
YAHOO !!! Finally fixed my keyboard . XD Damn Vista . XD 
I feel a bit unwanted ... 
Quite delighted at the moment . ^^ Maybe I'll start painting or something again . 
* sigh * laptop got another virus ... 
Very happy now ! Laptop is fixed , Mcafee sucks , and I feel i should thank the russians . :) And my Mum is a digital life saver ! 
So very happy with my new hair cut ! X3 And I am gonna stick with this colour too . :D 
Yay Guitar Hero ! Boo broken guitar controller ... 
Imma take another stroll outside now . :D 
bahhhh .... Very bored , i took 3 laps around the apartment complex , and i am in need of human contact ... bahhhhhh ...... 
Just got reminded of how annoying Twi-tards are , but then I remember scenes from Vampires Suck and I am happy again . ^.^ 
once again ... didnt study ... and the cat wont let me sleep ... -_-' 
Charisma has a tumor ... 
furious . 
I feel like I am malfunctioning ... 
apparently i drink my soda very accurately and delicately . 
So I woke up this morning with my cat sleeping on me . =^.^= so cute 
weird stuff , today i just found out that i don't have medical insurance . 
I want you to notice when I'm not around . You're so fuckin ' special . I wish I was special . But I'm a creep , I'm a weirdo . What the hell am I doin ' here ? I don't belong here . 
Truth is I need to be close to people , need to feel needed , not to feel like refuse . 
\I dunno but one gave me a candycane . That ones ok . \"" 
lol i may have broken a toe today XD 
yay ! my fam and i think my toe may not be broken after all ! ^W^ 
Got sick right before x-mas again -_-' 
I got an Xbox ! :D very happy . 
just confirmed that trying to play ' lute hero ' in Fable 3 while listening to fast techno-y foreign music is a bad idea . XD 
... Fable 3 has claimed my life so much I completely forgot to eat or drink today until i was reminded ... at 7:00 pm ... hehehe Watashi wa baka desu . XD 
DAMN YOU LACTOSE INTOLERANCE !!!! 
Sooooo ... my cat killed my Fable 3 disk ... DX 
too many people hear ' erotic ' when I say ' erratic ' ... 
Ummm ... I think my parents have resigned themselves to the fact that , if left alone long enough , I could fall asleep at any time of day . :/ I don't know whether to be pleased or ashamed of myself . 
Long effing status time ! 1 :D ragons have taught me to photoshop better . 2 : Got 2 packs of incense ( a strawberry and a black < PROPFEMALE > ) 3 : I am going insane for no reason in particular . 4 : I am in a lot of pain ( lol Alot XD ) and 5 : My cat seems to be afraid of soda cans today . :D And I finally began to draw for real this time ! 
:D so happy i am about to explode ! :D Thank you all who are just that awesome ! :D 
Fuck you snow . Fuck you so hard . I wish you were alive so I could beat the living shit out of you . Fuck this winter shit . 
Sega < PROPFEMALE > , oh how I miss you . 
