Had a good time with the boy toy and friends !!!!! 

just left school and now about to go get the kiddos 
Damnnnnn when is this semester gonna b over ? 
we are taking the kids to the haunted house at kemah this weekend !!!! Since < PROPFIRST > is a sissy baby and too scared to go in , I will have to . 
Had fun last night at kemah even though we didnt go into the haunted house . We rode rides instead . Just relaxing at home with kids . 
Can't wait until the beautiful weekend is here !!!!! 
is just home with my babies . Things are going really good right now , but I know things never stay good for long . 
is taking kavon to the doctor this afternoon . He is coughing and has a fever . Hope it's nothing serious . 
is excited for halloween . We are taking the kids to a haunted house tomorrow night and maybe the carnival on saturday . And then of course trick-or-treating saturday night in the < PROPMALE > people neighborhood . 
drama , drama , drama !!!! Does it ever end ? 
Something good has got to happen soon , cuz too much bad shit has been going on lately . 
is scared to death about what is going to happen tomorrow 
today didnt go too bad at all . Now just home with the family 
just home chillin with no kids . Gonna get some good sleep tonight 
Everything in my life is going really good right now and i have so much to be grateful for . You just have to love God and put it all in his hands and he will put good things in your life . 
is about to go into class . Ready for this semester to be over 
is getting ready for a lovely weekend 
Can't wait for Thanksgiving !!! 
Had a wonderful Thanksgiving with the family 
Only 1 more week of school . Yeeeeaaaaaaa !!!!!!!!! 
We all have secrets and we will see who is laughing in the end . 
Up at school getting ready for this 40 hour run . It is too cold to be working outside for 12 hours 
boy do I just need a break from life . 
has all my x-mas shopping done !!!! Yea !!! Looking forward to this 1 month break before my last semester of school !!!! 
I guess < PROPFIRST > figured out my password and added that ridiculous post yesterday . Everybody knows < PROPFIRST > is lucky to have ME !! 
Stop it < PROPFIRST > . 
Got the password changed so nomore silly bs from < PROPFIRST > 
It's funny how ppl jump to a conclusion and it's nowhere close to the truth . I think we at the end of our road . I have faith it will all be ok !!!! 
Is ready for x-mas !!!!!!!!!!!! 
Had a great Christmas with my wonderful family !!!!! 
Is amused at how ignorant ppl can b . 
What to do with no kids and it's New Years ? 
I am spending New Years at home with the kids . I haven't spent New Years at home in over 12 years . Happy New Years everybody !!!!!! Please have fun and be safe most of all !!!! 
I am just home relaxing getting ready for my test at BP tomorrow . 
Just finished my test at BP and now I have an interview tomorrow . Wish me luck !!!! 
Well , I didn't get the internship at BP . Now it's time to start the job hunt . 
Damn job hunting sucks !!!! 
is officially EMPLOYED !!!!!! 
Sometimes people r so ignorant . 
Getting ready to go to my first day of the last semester of school !!! YEAH !!!!!!!! 
is about to go to class and then hittin up the gym with my girls !!!!! 
Worked all weekend and got class all day tomorrow . Ready for this bs to b over with 
is focused on me and my kids only now !! Should have been that way long time ago , but sometimes love makes u do stupid things . 
is tired of sorry ass ppl like my baby daddy who thinks they can make kids and then not have to be financially responsible for em . He talks bout how i left the kids with him all weekend , but how many times has he up and left his kids and not seen em for days . He can talk all the shit he wants bout me on here , but we both know the truth and how I have been 100 times a better mother to our kids than he has been a father . 
is at school doing lab assignments and working on this engine project . Ready for May to come . 
ready for this yucky weather to go away 
this cough and chest pain is killing me . And im at work feeling like shit 
is going to the comedy showcase on friday !!!! 
Is tired of all the stress and drama and getting bitched at for doing nothing wrong . 
Is home sick with a severe sinus infection that caused both of my ear drums to bust . Man i have never had a cold like this or felt pain like this before . It's worse than a c-section :( 
Has seen the true colors of somebody and they are not pretty . After everything I have done for them and they treat me like garbage . Im done with all of this crap and ready to move on to a better life . 
is feeling pulled 1 million different ways between school , homework , work , job hunting , finances and my kids . I feel like I am about to go crazy right now . I can't wait until May and I graduate . Hope a job comes soon !!! 
At school studying for this test that I am 100% sure is not going to b easy at all :( 
at work right now and then going home to get ready for < PROPFIRST>'s baby shower !!!! 
Is blessed to have a wonderful family and 3 beautiful children . < PROPMALE > you will always be in mommy's heart and thoughts . 
I have been at work since 1 and I am sooooo ready to get off !!!!! 
The sooner Spring Break is over the sooner this semester will b over and I graduate !!!!!! 
At school about to go into class and then go see < PROPFEMALE > before I head to work !!! 
JUST TAKING IT DAY BY DAY 
Happy Easter everyone !!!!! I have to work all day so I will miss seeing my babies hunt for easter eggs :( 
Is grateful for this wonderful life God gave me and the ppl in it . Always live like its your last day and let the ones you love know it . < PROPFEMALE > , you and your family is in my prayers . Love ya girly !!! 
Is at work and is sooooo ready to get out of here !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Home chillen with the family !!! Have a busy day tomorrow so hopefully D'Laney will go to bed early tonight !!! 
Everytime I turn around it's something or somebody new . Starting to think this crap is never going to end . 
I GRADUATE IN 1 MONTH !!!!!!!! I CANT WAIT TO WALK ACROSS THAT STAGE AND HUG MY KIDS !!!!!! 
I really wish there was a \EASY\ " button for life like the staples commercial has . God has a plan for me and my babies . I need to stop trying to force what I want and just let God take control . " 
Has the weekend off !!!!! What to do , what to do ????????? 
Went swimming with Mya and Kavon today !!! Got me a little sun cuz i sure need a tan !!! 
Soooo glad he chose me to b his girl friend ! These last 3 yrs have been heaven on earth ! I can now exhale n breath again bcuz he gives me life and is the wind beneath my wings ! 
< PROPFIRST > , you better quit putn that bullshit on my < PROPFEMALE > . 
Worked out this morning and now I am at school about to do this toss off with our trebuchet and then off to take another test 
Get off of work at nine and then home to clean house and get my workout on !!! Trying my best to do this workout everyday !! 
Is at work and ready for this long weekend 
Is wishing I was home with the family , but am here at work instead . The hard part is I bust my butt for a small little paycheck . Hopefully will hear some good news next week !!!!!!!!!!!! 
Back at work again . Busy , busy so the day will go by fast . Graduation is getting so close . I CAN'T WAIT !!!!!!! 
Just got the call that will change my life for the better !!!!!!!! I am soooooo happy !!!!!!!!!!!! 
Have to go early in the morning to do a physical and take a drug test for BP . 
Is excited to spend Mother's Day with all of my family and my beautiful babies !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I thought I was going to be taking this journey I am about to take with a certain person , but it seems fate isn't going to have it that way . I have spent 3 years loving somebody else more than I even love myself & I'm exhausted now . A person is never going to change something if they don't even realize they are wrong in the 1st place . 
No matter what is said about me , I know I have been a good , honest & faithful woman . Only good thing to show for the last 3 years are my 2 beautiful children that I hope to raise with good hearts & treat people kindly . Have a good day FB !!!!! 
At school about to take a final and then go get the kiddos and spend the rest of the day with them !!!!! 
Walked across the stage last night and got my fake diploma !!! LOL !!!! have to wait 6 weeks for the real thing . Start work at BP on June 1st !!!!!! 
At home with the family !!! Just had a water balloon fight with Mya and < PROPFIRST > !!! Soooo much fun . 
Enjoying these couple of days with my kiddos !!!! 
Just got the phone call from the HR lady @ BP . I passed all medical , drug screen and background . Official start date is June 1st !!!!! CAN'T WAIT !!!!!! 
With as many good things happening in my life , this one person always has to try and ruin everything . I need a < PROPFEMALE > !!!! 
So many changes lately that my head is spinning . Some good and some I am not sure of yet . Just going to take it day by day . 
I work my last shift tonight at my old job . Sooooo excited for Tuesday to get here , but going to spend the next few days with the kiddos before i get busy working . 
I think I am going to take the kids swimming tomorrow !!!!!!!! 
Got a little sun-burned but had fun watching the kids swim today !!! 
I have been up since 5:30 with D'Laney and her double ear infection . Getting very anxious about this internship that I start tomorrow !!!!! 
Still in training and orientation classes . Have to do fire training on friday and actually have to put out a fire !!!! 
when a plane crashes we don't ban flying ; when a bridge collapes we don't stop building them ; when someone shoots another person we don't ban guns . So why should we stop drilling for oil when one accident takes place ? Let's learn from the mistakes and move on .. Repost if you support 
Finish up my classroom training and get released to my unit tomorrow !!! So excited to get out there and get on it .... LOL 
It's starting to become very clear to me that some people will never change and that some things will never be the way I want them no matter how hard I try . Sometimes it's just best to let it go even when part of you doesn't want to . 
Start work on my unit tomorrow . Excited to meet my co-workers !!!! 
Thank you , thank you , thank you to everyone for the Hapy Bday wishes !!!! 
And no drinking for me < PROPFIRST > . I am on days until Thursday so only thing I am drinking is H2O . You remember what that is huh from chemistry class huh ? LOL !!!! 
I have the next 7 days off of work !!! Going to spend time with the family and have some summer fun !!!! 
WOW !!!! It has been 24 hrs a day and 7 days straight now that I have been home with my kids and their sister and boy do I know now that I am not meant to be a mom with a bunch of kids . They test my < PROPFEMALE > daily . 
Its amazing how much of a jerk one person can b . Smbdy needs a lil help when they r dwn&this certain person talks shit bout em . Btr hope ur never down&need help 
Got a lot on mind right now and wondering if my future is gonna turn out the way I wanted it 2 . I can't always b the one 2 compromise . 
About to take a shower and go to sleep so I can get up and work this last night . Then a couple days to spend with my babies !!!!!!! 
The one thing I can for sure say is consistent in my life is change . Everyday is something new but I am happy 2 b me and wouldn't trade places with anybody else . 
Thinking of what we are going to do for 4th of July !!! 
Today didn't turn out at all how I wanted it to . People keep telln me that some people will never change and I think I believe that now . 
I woke up yesterday feeling good and at peace . I know what I have to do though cuz I'm tired of the bs . 
2 more nights and then off for the weekend . Yeaaaaa ...... 
Enjoying my weekend off . Think we might take the kiddos to Galveston and walk down the seawall . 
One more day of work and then 7 loooong days off !!!!! Find out next Friday if I get the job for sure or not !!! 
Spent the day with the kids at my moms house . They fight so much over their toys that I am about to go bonkers , but its kinda funny too . 
Going to dinner tonight with the kids and my boo boo !!! 
2 more nights to go !!!!! Friday can't come fast enough . Then camping this weekend !!!! 
OK ..... So the wait is on again . I find out my fate on Friday with this job at BP . I am going to go toatally white girl here and say , \uh .... can we say excited\ " . LOL " 
I am starting my house hunting today !!!!!!!! 
Trying to decide if I am going to go camping this weekend or not . 
Had a great time camping with the whole family at Jellystone Park this weekend !!! Helped me take my mind off of everything going on . 
Got Kavon registered for school so hopefully he will be accepted !!!! 
Getting ready for the kid's bday party this weekend !!!!! 
My baby boy turned 3 today !!!!! Just seemed like yesterday I was pregnant him . Had a good time swimming and eating at nonni's!!! 
It's my babies bday party today !!!!!! Kavon is 3 and D'Laney is turning 1 !!!!!! Man I am getting old . 
Both of the kids are sick as a dog . Now they can't go to daycare and I can't get done the things I needed to . And I am so grossed out because my kids keep using my leg as a kleenex . 
I am so mad this morning . Sooooomebody was looking at porn on my computer and now I have viruses and a worm on my computer . It is all messed up , moving slow as heck , and won't let me get into certain programs . And this pervert knows who he is . 
Got Kavon pre-registered for Pre-K at Mainland Preparatory School . 1 more year and my little genius will be in school . He is so excited to get to ride the school bus , but they don't have a bus for that school . Poor baby . 
I am hoping something good comes really soon 
Woke up early this morning and got ready to go to the gym and when my baby girl woke up she has pink eye bad . 
MONDAY ---- ughhhh 
Let's see ........ What to make for dinner ? Maybe I can talk the old man into taking us out to dinner !!!!!! 
Maybe the baby daddy will take us out to dinner and pick up the check ????????? 
It's Friday !!!! It's Friday !!!! It's Friday !!!! 
It's been a good weekend !!!! Having peace of mind and knowing the truth always makes life easier . Just feeling blessed for my beautiful children !!! 
I interviewed with 2 company's on Tuesday and heard from one today with an offer . Makes my decision easy !!! 
Have to take both te kids to galveston for their doctor appointments . Not fun at all . 
So at my daughter's 1 year old check up they told me she is obese and needs to lose or stop gaining weight . R u serious ? I know she is a little cunky , but obese !!! If I didnt have manners I would have told that doctor to kiss my ass . 
Going to lunch with girls < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > !!!!! 
Today was a good day !!!!!! 1 more month until moving day !!! I hope D'Laney gets some sleep tonight that way I can get some sleep 
Kavon is going to the Kemah Boardwalk with my sis and nieces while I stay home with my sick babygirl . It's taking forever for her to get over this cold . 
It's hump day !!!! YAY !!!!!! 
TGIF !!!!!!!!!!!!! It's been a busy week so hopefully I can relax a little bit this weekend . 
What an eye opener I had this weekend . I think God sometimes makes it so apparent what his plan is for you . 
Sometimes you just have to throw in the towel when you realize the other person is never going to change . If they can't respect me then I don't need them . 
Can't have a family with someone who doesn't want their family . Its just me and my kids and I am ok with it now . Taking the kids to the park to play since the weather is so nice . 
Have to go clothes shopping for the kids since their father took every piece of clothing that he bought . What kinda person takes back things from the kids just because we aren't together anymore ? O'well , they are running around happy as can be and haven't even asked where their dad is once . Just taking this change day by day . 
Thought I was going to have a kid free weekend and get some errands done , but it doesn't look like it now . O'well , can't complain when it comes to spending time with the babies !!!!!! Just ready for Friday !!!! 
Going for drinks tonight with my girls !!!!!!!!! 
At the bingo hall with my mom and my niece . Damn this place makes me feel like an old lady . 
Less than 3 weeks until I move into my own place !!!! 
It's humpday !!!!!!!! Can't wait to take the babies trick or treating !!!!!! 
At the emergency room with my baby daddy . Hope he gets to feeling better soon . 
Its Monday and back to work . Grrrrr 
My poor babygirl has to have surgery < PROPMALE > her eye on Monday . No parent ever wants their child to have to have surgery . And I can't even be there for the surgery cuz of work , that's the hardest part for me . 
Laney's surgery went well !!!! She is home sleeping and groggy from the anesthesia . Can't wait to get home to see my babygirl !!!! 
Headed to the Nutcracker Market with my moms !!! 
Is so suprised how somebody will act when it comes to money . 
Tomorrow is moving day !!!! Excited to get me and the kids settled into our new place !!! 
What is up with all of this complaining about body scans @ the airport ? If you dont like the security measures taken at the airport for your security then freaking drive . I bet these ppl would'nt be bitching about body scans when a terrorist with a bomb ends up on their plane . 
What is up with this weather ? Walked outside and it felt like it's 100% humidity . 
Excited to go camping this weekend with the family !!!!!! Going to enjoy the cold weather by the campfire . 
so glad he chose me ! i think i need to b pinched again ! 
Ok , so < PROPFIRST > got on my fb and posted a buunch of songs and comments . I apologize to anyone who got a message from me today . It wasn't me who sent it . 
Enjoying this cold weather !!!! 
This morning Kavon tells me , \I'm gonna teach you how to say < PROPFEMALE > mommy . First you say \ " Dor\ " then you say \ " a\ " . Yeah thats how you say it . Good job mommy . \ " Cracked me up !!!!!! My babies are a blessing and me me smile everyday !!!!!!!!! " 
Arrogance and rudeness are training wheels on the bicycle of life for weak people who cannot keep their balance without them . 
A pessimist sees the difficulty in every opportunity ; an optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty ! 
At the rockets game with my baby and mya !!!!! 
TGIF !!!!!!!!!!! My baby girl is suck though . Hopefully she will be better soon . 
Now both the kids woke up with 103 fever . I swear my kids are always sick . Really really praying they r better by xmas !!!! 
The greatest danger for most of us is not that our aim is too high and we miss it , but that it is too low and we reach it . 
I think relationships r like glass , sometimes its best to leave it broken than to hurt yourself putting it back together . 
Now my kids father says he won't b there in the morning to watch his kids open their gifts . My step daughter is going to be there also , but he won't . My daughter didn't get her breathing treatments at all while she was with her father cuz I guess it was just too much of a hassle for him . I am not suprised at any of this from him either . Sad sad sad . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas Facebook !!!!!!! 
God < PROPMALE > me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change ; courage to change the things I can ; and wisdom to know the difference . 
The weekend went fast and now its time to go back to work . Kavon is going to the zoo for the first time tomorrow with his Aunt < PROPFIRST > !!!! I know he is going to really have fun . 
It was just proved to me once a liar always a liar . And I'm writing them liars out of my life . 
Sitting at home with Kavon , < PROPFIRST > , D'Laney and < PROPFEMALE > . Man do I have my hands full . Total birth control for me !!!!! 
OMG it was a crazy but funny morning . Kavon decided this morning he wanted to pee in the big toilet standing up like daddy . He was peeing all over the floor and back of the toilet . Never again I say , NEVER AGAIN . From now on daddy can tackle the peeing standing up . 
Joy is the best make-up !!!!!! 
It's Monday and time to get back to work . Have a busy busy week so I am sure I will be ready for a < PROPFEMALE > by Friday !!! Probably 2 or 3 < PROPFEMALE > s , LOL !!! 
Not looking forward to tomorrow 
Things are looking really good now !!! 
Brrrrrrr !!!!! I wish I was home in bed under my comforter snuggled up with my baby . He is my personal heater !!!!! 
We are EXPECTING AGAIN ! I know , I know , it's crazy isn't it ? I can't believe it myself . I wasn't going to put it on here yet , but decided to make it official . I mean who would have guessed that we are expecting AGAIN !! Yup it's official .. We are expecting freezing temps today and AGAIN Friday !! hahahaha gotcha !!!!!! **Re-post if you have any sense of humor 
Everytime my kids dad gets mad at me he doesn't come and pick them up to see them . I don't know how he doesn't realize he is hurting them . As a mom u never want to see ur kids hurting . 
It really sucks when u realize the one person who claims to love u and to have ur back is actually the person who intentionally hurts u the most . Its really time for some self evaluation and to focus on myself and my kids . Its time for me to start setting an example for my kids by showing them u don't need mean and hurtful ppl in ur life . 
