Sanity ? What need do i have for such a useless thing as that ? 

My Zanpakuto's Shi-kai would be called the Crimson Death and would be called out with ' Eviscerate ' . Its Ban-Kai would be the Crushing Crimson Dragon . Its natural form would be a red dragon skeleton named Kondaiyu . 
NOOOOOO !!!! its true ! ITS TRUE !!! WHY !?!?!? 
el oh el smiley face 
Too many great games to get into , this is what i getting for showing up late to the party . Devil May Cry 1-4 , < PROPFEMALE > Wars Force Unleashed , The Matrix , God of War 1-3 and i know there are more ... 
watashi wa Will desu . 
im a BAWSS ! 
????????? • ????????? ¶§ ????????? 
Reign over the frosted heavens ! HYORINMARUUUUU !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
you'd like to think that , wouldn't you ... 
has been killed to death 
Turn everything in the universe into ash , Ryujin Jaaka ! 
uh oh ! 
people always say the truth will set them free , but the truth gets a lot of people in trouble . 
No means no ! 
sigh 
WOOOOOOOOOOOOO the panthers finally wised up and axed delhomo ! this is a great day !!!!! 
lost my phone . lost my PHOOONE ! 
new phone , same # , everyone call me so i can get ur #s again ...! ( actually a desparate ploy for somebody , anybody to call me ... ) hahaha SOB ! IM SO LONELY ! 
i knew it i totally called it , got my new phone yesterday , just found the old one 2day ... ahhh life and its wonderful ironies ... i love some good quality irony , even if its @ my own expense 
BEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAACH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
u know that one person who totally over-posts ? everything theyre doing , every little thought or ' clever ' little thing ? yeah waaaayy annoying ... STOP IT ALREADY !! UR NOT THAT IMPORTANT !! GO OUTSIDE FOR A WHILE ! sheesh ... 
nothin like some double tapping to make you sound like a pro ... 
< PROPFIRST > , < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > , dougie fresh u guys are awesome , and even u < PROPFEMALE > ... ;p 
i dont know . im not sure . i cant b certain . oh well , screw it ... 
I am this sculpture . I am always this sculpture . 
shout out to my awesome front of housers , biggie smalls , kimbo slice , jane-way , lil mama , maddy , nicoli , megamus maximus , boo-bear , Danny-girl , and the Aimster ... u guys rock for putting up w me ! shut up < PROPFIRST > ... 
will bayrd is ... ... perpetually malfeased 
4g63 SWAP ! red to black SWAP ! wrecked + old = ... awesome ? 
beach , gym , bein philisophocal , chillin , hangin out w friends , playin guitar , making spiritual progress , chillin , working on my car , seein movies and uhhhhh chillin . if it wasnt for church on sunday id have no idea what day it is ... its awesome 
im only 1/16th Naragansett Native American but i still got an indian name . The tribe elders decided i should be ' Free Spirit ' . There you go ... 
Today is an infamously historic day for < PROPFEMALE > . On September 11th , 2001 Islamic extremists attacked our great country , killing over three thousand citizens . Whether we agree with the war or not , they are still our soldiers out there , and God bless them and keep them . Thanks Grampa , RIP . Go < PROPFEMALE > . 
' You do not have a soul ; you ARE a soul that has a body . \ -C . S . Lewis " 
Thanx everybody for the birthday wishes ... Yeah the big two-eight is upon me as i draw inexorably closer to the dreaded 30 ... oh well .... hahaha 
a thousand curses ... 
zao 
i have in my possesion the hottest naturally grown pepper in the world , the ghost jholokia . i must proceed w caution if i am 2 survive ... 
NAME THAT QUOTE ! -'Stay away from women ! Now , if you get any urges that you can't supress with hard liquor ... use this!' 
WHO AM I ? -nickname ' shiro ' , ultimate bankai = hyorinmaru daiguren , and im young w aquamarine eyes ...! 
WHO AM I ? My name in Japanese means ' silver ' , i like to ' pierce ' and ' impale ' people , and my taicho's bankai utilizes genjutsu ...! 
WHO AM I ? My sword's human form is an amazon woman and a young boy in white . \ 
I grew up in the Rukon district . 
\Its up there in prov- uh proverbs that explain it ! Its right up there in Proverbs ! ' The mind of the simple is decieved ... ' THEY SAYMPAH !!!! \"" 
WHO AM I ? ( 4 < PROPFEMALE > ) I have no shikai or bankai . My unleashed power takes the form of a giant yellow skull . My vice captain has pink hair . Im crazy . 
WHO AM I ? I am a former member of soul society . I utilize rainbow prism jutsu . I was only cool enough to be in an arc . 
Vex me no more , o temptress 
two phones , neither of them are working , nice irony 
Phone is finally working , sweet 
Its snowstorm 2011 !! Apparantly we live in Anarctica not wrightsville beach ... 
Met the Rock at Gold's Gym on Racine last week ... He is on location filming J2TCE2 ... talked to him ! hes a real cool guy ! wrks out w his brother . his body double for stunts in the movie goes there too ! looks just like him ! 
