its hot as all 2 b damned !!! time fo a afta work nap then get my night started ... doin absolutely damn nothin !!! 

i'm tryin 2 give a damn .... i really am ...... 
wanna get my ass out 2nite but cant think of nothin 2 do in omaha on a damn monday night ..... 
is wonderin y ppl put themselves thru thangs they dont have 2 .... life is hard enuff as it is ! Jus say no and kno dat u deserve betta than wat u gettin !!! 
my damn phone is off !!!!! hell of a way 2 start my bday nite .... oh well less shit 2 < PROPFEMALE > when i go out .... guess i wont b on fb much til i get paid .. s.o.l. 
bout 2 head out and celebrate my bday ... startin @ barfly's then goin where tha wind take me .... 
well startin day 2 of my bday celebration , wat can i do 2nite ?!.... 24 , no kids , no drama ! i'ma try my hardest 2 keep my good luck streak !!!! 
Stuck house & dog sittin 2day ... so much 4 my plans ...... 
tired but 2 restless 2 sleep !!! 
its way 2 early fo me !!!!! gotta get back n tha bed ! 
Oh how i wish < PROPFEMALE > came in a bottle cuz i dont have a drop of dat shit !!!! 
damn ... wat happened 2 love letters and all dat romantical shit ? did past bitches make it so easy dat men dont even have 2 put n effort ? and it dont mean shit if u jus doin it 2 shut me up .... i'm not dat simple ! Sorry ! 
still tryin 2 unpack !!!! i need some motivation .... where's dat bottle @ !!!! 
hey ppl i had 2 get a new phone so send me yo number plz 
The same way u got tha person u wit is how u lose em 
on my way 2 work .... i woke up on tha wrong side of tha bed 2day and i'm prolly gon take it out on tha 1st person dat rubs me tha wrong way .... pray for my sanity ya'll or betta yet pray 4 whoeva pisses me off .... yeah dats more realistic 
yeah so ..... GROW UP !!!! aint u tired of actin 16 ? 
enjoyin my day off .... 
jus woke up from my afta work nap and sims 3 is callin my name ! 
woke up super early with a smile on my face for no reason ....... i'm feelin good bout life right now ... roof ova my head , food n my belly , ppl i can count on .... i'm feelin this !!!!! 
2 early in tha day for me 2 have tha Day 26 -So Good song and video on repeat n my head !!!! 
I actually slept all nite and now i'm up and wide awake !!! my boy < PROPFIRST > will say hell is goin 2 freeze over , which it prolly will !! Good luck 2day ! Hey Young World ! 
bored outta my mind and need 2 go 2 sleep but tha nite owl n me aint havin it !!! looks like i'll b playin sims 4 tha next few hours ..... 
on my way 2 work ... hope my usual crew is there .... i'm not 2 comfortable wit them < PROPFIRST > folks yet 
Online shoppin at 3 n tha morning is possibly my favorite addiction !!! lol 
jus waking up ... dang dat was a long nap but it was great !!!! 
off 2 work ... 2day is lookin betta then yesterday 
up early thinkin okay got my costume and everything but still dont kno where i wanna go ... oh well i'll think about it while i'm doin everybodys make up this afternoon ..... 
bored outta my mind guess its time 2 call it a nite ... 
jus woke up from a crazy dream hopefully i can fall back asleep seein how i gotta b 2 work in a few hours .... 
Wide awake and bored as hell i've read 4 books this last week .... i'm running out of shit 2 do .... 
Happy Thankgiving everybody !!! Eat a plate for me cuz i'll b at work :) 
well off 2 work again .... no shoppin 4 me . BOOOO ! 
i hate when i get woke up and asked a question .... i dont even kno wat planet i'm on for 5 mins let alone what u sayin 2 me ... was it even in english ? back 2 bed 
so i'm jus up and wide awake nobody to talk to this shit is sad ! lmao 
did i 4real party til 6am and jus wake up !!!??? Hold tha hell on !!! 
i am my own damn person ... if somebody im wit dont like u or u dont like them wat does that have 2 do wit me ??? 
Somebody bring me back some money please ..... 
Cry me a fukn river !!!!! 
did i jus hear some kids ? aw it's time to go !!!! 
Damn shame i was actually SAFER livin on tha southside of chicago than here !!! WTF i hate niggas ...... 
layin in bed watchin anime tryin not to pass out ...... 
I love thunderstorms ... So relaxin 
Bein a nite owl kinda sucks when everybody else is sleep ! 
Well as hard as i tried to make it , time didnt stop and now i gotta head to work ! BOOOOOO ! 
If I cared wat u thought I probably wouldn't have done that ..... 
cant wait to c my girls 2nite cuz , yes , every once in a while , even i need some girl time .... 
Omg !! If u passing my job and u have coffee please help a bitch out !!! Jus way too early fo lil ol me .... 
Time to take my baby to tha park ... She ain't been able to do wateva it is hounds do in a long time 
Boredom ..... 
I thought fo tha longest time that ppl were crazy for a reason ... I'm sayin today fo tha first an last time I WAS WRONG !!! Folks r crazy as hell only bcuz it's some shit to do ... smh 
U betta take wat u can get b4 u get wat u can't take !!! 
Well i tried to b nice .... hell wit dat shit !!! 
wat is there to do on a sunday nite ? 
is dancin round singing \GET OUTTA YOUR MIND\ " .... must b time for a nap lol " 
Complain , complain , complain ..... cry me a damn river ! 
5 DAYS OFF !!! Hell yeah ! Party ova here ain't nuthin ova there .... 
It ain't that I don't care .... I jus don't give a f**k ! Good morning world ..... 
okay .... so now wat ...... 
Y do u gotta make things so difficult ? i jus dont get it .... smh 
i'm stuck between a rock , a brick wall , an electric fence , and a hard place .... with hell below me and a big ass bird above me , and boy , does he keep shittin on me !!! 
Stupid dog !! U made me look bad ! 
I can't take this shit no mo ! 
How u gon jus fall asleep in the bk drive thru ? And in front of me !!! I hate niggas ! Lucky I wasn't drivin cuz I woulda rammed all into da back of ya ass !!! 
Kickin it wit my girls drinkin and bullshitin 
Yep so it's super early and I'm jus wide awake ... Damn I need to get a hobby 
Dont u hate a fair weather , part time mofo ?! I'm not on yo time ! Either b around or dont b !! 
fuck u doin ? bullshittin ..... 
I aint even clocked n yet and i jus want it to b ova !! Its gonna b a long nite 
thinkin as the creepy ol man walks towards me \help ! I need an adult ! \"" 
is it 9 yet !!? 
15 til True Blood !! Its bout to go down !!! 
And THIS is exactly how its supposed to b ! 
They say good things come to those who wait ! Well Sharde ' says bullshit ( yes !! i referred to myself n 3rd person ) 
Dear father ( i use tha term loosely ) thank u for not bein shit ! It jus has shown me that there r better men out there and has mad my love for tha women in my life stronger so fuck u , they shoulda cut yo < PROPMALE > off long ago , may u burn n hell , and have a nice day ! Far as im concerned this is mothers day part 2 ! I love u < PROPFEMALE > Almendarez thanks for being everything to me from my accountant to my zoologist !! 
This rain got me super relaxed . I love the rain .... 
I need help !! Fo real !! Like seriously .... 
oh that rain had me sleepin like a baby .... i wanna do dat 1 mo time 
y they tryin to stick me fo my paper ? 
Im prolly too old for this but im bout to go roll into a ball , suck my thumb , and scream that i want my mama !!! I'm that damn sore and tired !!! 
so its goin down tonite ! freekum dresses , < PROPFEMALE > , and tha most important people in my life !! oh yeah its goin down ! 
thanks everybody for comin out last nite we had a blast !!! Im so sore from tha party that sittin in tonite watchin true blood is gon b betta than usual !!! 
If u gon take my words and repeat em keep em word fo word cuz once u change em that was yo ass that said that not me !! U too old 4 that !!! 
Wide awake as usual ... 
i hate standin in line !!!!! Grrrrr 
Tha thing i hate the most bout goin to work is it requires gettin dressed and boy do i hate that !!! 
im so damn hungry ..... this some ol bs !!! 
Damn skeeties ! they suck the most retarded spots ! now how tha hell am i gon reach that !!? 
on my way out wit my bestie an tha homie ! Yay !!! 
Jus bring it here and dont say nuthin 
my nite is jus gettin started , waitin on my ppl to get here so we can pull round 2 !! 
feelin like shit since my dog went missin 2 days ago ! 
sittin here listenin to the good 90's early 2000 R&B ! boy < PROPFIRST > B was fine as frog's hair !!! Ever seen a mofo so fine it jus make u mad !? LMAO 
ppl so sometimey .... So its time 4 me 2 act like u ! I'll deal wit u when i feel like it which will probably b never .... 
We found my baby !!! Happy happy joy joy now i can go back to havin my quarter of a century life crisis !!! 
They n here tryin < PROPFEMALE > kill me but nope nuh uh ima get yall 1st !!! 
the zoo , me ? This is sure to b interestin ! 
it was too hot for that shit !!! 
My stomach is eatin my back .... Cant take it 
thank you guys for all tha birthday wishes i really appreciate it !!! 
thanks again for all tha birthday wishes help me out and tell me wat is there 2 do 2nite cuz i havent made any birthday plans !! 
yep so im 25 today and i'm still grandma's lil baby and the spot that i get my bestest sleep is in my mommy's bed .... some of the things that comfort u as a child will remain the same it seems .... 
thinkin ... mayb we need to go back to tha days were they use to jus stone folks in the town square or tar and feather mayb ... good ol fashion Guillotine ??!!! something , cuz these clowns jus aint gettin it ! 
not even a box of puppies would make me smile right now !!! I hate this bs ... 
dear sleep , oh how i love thee !! Let me count the ways ! Damn ! Ran outta fingers . Im 1 of those people that smile while i'm sleep it b so good !!! Loves that damn Sandman !! I think ima do it again , RIGHT DAMN NOW ! ( hangs '' do not disturb\ sign ova my head ) " 
Some ppl jus need 2 much damn attention ... GO SAT DOWN !!! HELL !!! 
control yo damn kids in my store !!!!!! 
So happy 2 b off work !! Im dead on my feet ! 
id feel so much better if that clock said pm !!! 
laundry is the worst chore in tha world !!! I hate clothes !! 
so upset that my kindle is broken !! How am i supposed to ignore ppl now !!!?? 
I hate waitin on my bestie !!! Evin u complete me !!! 
omg its hotter than tha devils < PROPMALE > n here !!! 
Im officially crazy wheneva i step a foot n my job !!! I try 2 keep my sanity .... 
is it 8 o clock yet ?!!! Im so ready !!! 
Idk wat is goin on 2day but people are rude as hell 2day !! 
bitch i am a monster i belong n district 9 .... 
< PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > Wake ??? This should b funny !! 
Damn that nap was great !! 
so damn bored oh well ... let me take a nap ! 
OMFG !! I bullshit u not ... that was a damn mummy drivin that truck !!! If u dont get yo prehistoric ass outta tha way !! 
Damn music sucks !! Y aint nobody shot waka yet ? Save me from tha bullshit !! That is NOT good music children !! And a prime example of y u should stay n school !! 
Damn can I get him to myself fo 7 fuckin seconds !!! 
So ... Im off today right but guess wat im doin !!! PACKING !!! doesnt count as a day off to me !!! I kno they got movin services but do they got ppl who come pack this shit too !!!? Moving vexes me !!! 
singing \i dont ever wanna let it go ! Beat it down like i'm riddick bo ! \"" 
U find out u got too much shit when u gotta put it in a small ass box !! 
Packin & Cleanin & Singing ...... \ 
\It's like I've been awakened\ 
BITCH !!! I came to popeyes to order only rice and biscuits ??? Is that tha only thing u muthafuckas got cuz u kno wat u dont got !!?? I'll tell u ... CHICKEN !!! BITCH thas wat u dont got !! Nobody thought ... well damn this IS popeyes CHICKEN an biscuits mayb we should fry some fuckin chicken !!! U bitch ass niggas !!! Change tha signs to POPEYES CHICKEN IF U WILLING TO WAIT 15 MINUTES !!!!! 
I feel like pure damn shit !!!! 
frankly my dear , i dont give a damn ..... 
im shame 2 b tha same skin color as some of these foo ass clowns !! U make us look bad an thas y dont nobody like bein n a room full of niggas !!! 
im a walkin talkin tragedy !! If there is a way 2 damn near kill myself i will figure it out !! Is it possible to b 2 damn clumsy !!?? 
If you only had a brain ..... 
Cant wait 2 get off work and go cuddle wit my future ex husband ... lol luv u !! 
I need some motivation !!! I aint really packed shit and im movin next week !! Where did tha time go ?! 
A lil after work nap then ... who knows ? maybe another 1 
wat to do , wat to do ? 
Jus stop tha bullshit and pour me a drank !!!! 
okay ... still up mayb its time 4 another ride ... 
uggh !! Im so tired ! Thanks Evin ! Wat tha hell was i thinkin !!?? 
Thas how it is , how it was , and how it always will be ! 
So thankful I only work Wednesday thru Saturday !! Mayb I'll get some packin done !! But first things first gotta run around wit Momma ! Yay !! 
think ima b my true geek self and watch anime all nite !!! which is 1 of my top 3 favorite things to do might i add .... 
Im so happy in life right now . i have love and support from every direction . thats all a girl can ask for !! 
work all week and move this weekend !!! god please make it stop !!! 
thas it !!! i quit !!! 
( in my most dramatic , < PROPFEMALE > O'Hara voice ) If you loved me ...... really and truly loved me ..... you wouldnt call me before NOON !!!! 
i'm not heartless .... i'm just not about to cry or complain over nothin that cant be changed ..... thas jus me 
guess it would b nice of me to have some dinner ready for tha ol ball & chain when he gets off ..... love u lol 
feels like my body is tryin to tear apart at tha seams !!! owww !! 
Hey yall ! I got a new phone so text me so i'll have my < PROPFIRST > back xoxo 
ppl always take off their masks u jus have 2 sit back and wait a < PROPFEMALE > 
Got that damn 230 feeling !! Uggghhh 
well i had a very upsetting week having to put my oldest dog Mi to sleep ( i miss u !! ) but its a new week and its starting to look a little brighter .... 
startin my day off by takin a nap .... Its bout 2 b so good ! This nap is for you < PROPFEMALE > 
You kno wat i dont like .... complaining ass men !!! GET OVER IT !!! do u bleed every month ? well then .... put on your big boy pants and stfu or change yo issue !!! since when do so called \grown ass men\ " whine and bitch !!?? and you want to be the man in the relationship ? how you gon do that and i'm harder then u ?.......... Oh yeah and Good Morning fb !! " 
How u gon b dumb as hell and jus not kno !! Is that really possible ? Cuz if enuff ppl tell u that u's a dummy u might wanna believe em !! We dont jus make this up fo fun .... 
Sometimes i love you\ 
More than you'll ever know\ 
Other times you get on my nerves\ 
That's just reality\ 
No , it can't always be\ 
Kisses , hugs , and beautiful words 
Errybody wit me drunk as f**k break it down an roll it up !!! 
blast u dog walk !!! Its too early 2 have me caring about the animals !!!! 
Tryin 2 b cool calm an collected but i think im bout 2 fly smooth the hell off tha handle !!! 
idk what that bitch was thinkin when she thought what she was thinkin but she shouldnta thought that .! 
breakfast 4 dinner is soundin really good right now !! 
today is all about me !! Ima spoil myself 2day ima go 2 pier 1 and look 4 some bs i dont need then ima bake me a cake paint my nails twist my hair all while havin a supernatural marathon ! And dont 4get tha small naps in between ! 
if I don't remember , it didn't happen ....... 
I love when i pull back tha shower curtain and smell his bodywash ! Yessir !!! 
this is sure to b interesting ...... 
Bout 2 curl up on 1 of these here pillow pets at work !! I need a nap ! 
my back is talkin n 10 different languages !!! 
work ..... i hate u .... maybe if u paid me every week i'd like u more 
Rockin all tha way out Singin Maroon 5\ 
\How dare you say that my behavior is unacceptable\ 
chicken and dumplings 4 dinner is soundin grrrreeaattt ! 
Im off today so ima start my day wit a nap ! Oh yeah its bout 2 b good 
i hate these kids that come n my store ! Yes i put u out and please call ya momma so i can demonstrate on her how to properly choke yo ass out !!! Bastards ! 
so happy 2 day is my friday !!! 
it wont even matter in a few hours .... 
F**k you and f**k her too .... 
i'm off wit nothin to do .... THANK YOU GOD ! 
wat i dont like 2day ..... bein a woman ! Its painful ..... 
Woke up missin u ... Damn 
all i wanna do is twist my dreads and watch anime all nite !!! 
My friday is finally here ! 
Flu shot my ass ! Im sick as hell !! Worthless ! Ugh ... 
so since the meds aint working i'm startin to think mayb a shot or 2 will .... hell they pour it on wounds when there's nuthin else ... how bad could it be for a cold , right ? 
there is nothin like a stable man !! Thank u god ! 
sittin here counting my sick days , think i need 2 use 1 . 
Snow , moscato , my nook , and candles since my lights went out . Shit no complaints from me i loves this !!! :) 
Starin @ a mountain like \bitch i will climb you ! \"" 
tired of old bitches @ work actin like they 16 keepin shit started ! Take yo old ass somewhere and have a prune !!! 
< PROPMALE > potter !!!! Come on midnite im a lil sleepy !! 
Me an Cordy r actually gon be off together 4 2days ?! damn ! let me make sure i got my ear plugs !!! 
it jus aint enuff hours n tha day !! I cant remember tha last time i had a mama daughter day or jus cuddled wit my boo or rocked out wit my bfff ! I spend more time wit these rat face s.o.b.s @ work then i do wit tha ppl i love ! Im puttin a stop 2 that shit 2day ! Lifes 2 short ! 
Thinkin bout tha movies and shows i used 2 watch ova an ova when i was n high school .... varsity blues , the faculty , dawsons creek ! I might have 2 have a marathon this week !! 
sick of xmas music already and it aint even december !! 
I love < PROPFIRST > Jaa !! Ong Bak 3 !! I'm ready !! 
keep tellin myself tha sooner i get to work tha sooner i can go home but its such a lie !!!! 
If somebody treats u wrong and u ALLOW it then u deserve it !!! Yep ! I said it ! 
my life is ( as my baby bear would say ) organized chaos !!! 
this book is driving me crazy !! 
Did this foo jus say \b all u can b or dont b at all ! I dont give no damn ! \ " lmmfao " 
Im so < PROPMALE > ova !!! Y tha hell do my fingers hurt ?? Evin ?? Wat u do to me ?! 
Never again !! I dont give a fuck wat !!! Like Doc Holliday said in Tombstone \i'll b a < PROPFEMALE > if i do ! \ " this is some str8 up and down bullshit !!! " 
y the hell am i still up ? 
some people are leeches ( b it emotional , physical , financial , etc ) how much energy do you have to share ? 
I betta c a bassethound under tha xmas tree or ima b mad as hell !!! U cant show me pics of puppies and expect me 2 not want 1 or 2 ! My brain dont work like that !! 
i had such a good time wit my dames last nite ! i'm jus waking up from that episode ! until next time ladies !!!! 
my puppy is such a asshole !!! I shoulda named him Kanye !!! Cant tell this lil s.o.b. NUTHIN !!! 
anybody want a puppy !!! Lil bastard wakes up every hour ! I miss sleep ! Lol 
late as hell 2 work !!! Damn ! 
Who would thought findin pjs would b so hard !! Or mayb I'm jus too damn picky !!! 
Think it's time to pop a melatonin an call it a night 
damn can u say sick and sleepy !! Str8 stepped off n tha tub wit my undies still on !!! Wheres tha nyquil ???!!! 
If you were worried ' bout where\ 
I been or who I saw or\ 
what club I went to with my homies\ 
baby don't worry you know that you got me 
hummin black sabbath-iron man picturin myself walkin 2 the bed in slow motion !!! This sleep is gon b sooooo f#*kin GGGGRRRREEEAAATTTT !!!! 
Is not tha picture of health right now !! And No Evin , DR PEPPER is not gonna solve it !! Lol 
they got a million damn bullshit inventions but not 1 of these miserable scientist bastards can cure the common cold !! How bout u stop tryin 2 make a fuckin car fly and CURE SOME SHIT ! worthless piece of .... gggrrrr ! 
dont b lookin all stupid cuz u unprepared ! U knew wat tha hell we was gon do yesterday ! FIX YO FACE !!! Yeah i said it ! 
Does anybody else have a basset ? R they supposed to b thirstier than a camel wit no humps ? He drinks a whole bowl of water every hour !! 
i dont kno how many times i can watch meet < PROPFIRST > black but i love it !! 
i'm so damn hype 4 no reason right now !!! I'm all smiles !! This is some scary shit !! Got so much energy i could dutty wine all round this mofo ... but dat might b doin too much @ work lol 
aint nuthin like a man that knows when 2 shut tha hell up !! Yes ! Give me the strong silent type ! I prolly dont care how u feel right now anyway !! 
Soooo yeah ... when it comes to me and mines , dont ASSUME shit ! 
think it might b past time for a nap !!! 
being human was pretty decent gives me somethin to take tha edge off my true blood addiction ! 
< PROPFIRST > depp movie nite ! 
if 1 mo thing n my house breaks i'm movin !!!! 
I gotta get a new washing machine cuz this laundrymat shit is 4 tha birds !! 
Just a bunch of damn MAYHEM AND FOOLISHNESS !!!! * n my niecy nash voice * 
So excited ! Me and my evi bear ! < PROPFEMALE > season 1 , dance central , and moscato !!! Its . About . To . Go . Down ! 
Damn dance central ! Done hurt my damn knee ! Lol too old 4 dis shit 
wat to do 2nite .... 
I'm tellin u ladies ... garters and thigh high pantyhose make men crazy ! Wear them at yo own risk ! Lol 
Oooohh ! I cant feel my feet ! 
( wit my most blank face imaginable ) ... and u wonder y NOBODY fucks wit u ? 
i think my biggest pet peeve is a unreliable mofo ! Jus tell me no ! I will not take it personal n the slightest ! Now im mad cuz u done wasted my damn time ! If i did that 2 u , ud raise 8 levels of hell but im not supposed 2 get mad ? Ugh go kill yaself ! 
i actually prefer the puppy bowl over tha super bowl anyday but hey mayb thas jus me lol thank u animal planet 
omg ! Its too early ... evin i think i like 1% less than yesterday ! Xoxo 
if u think the world will not function properly wit out u , u r horribly mistaken ! 
im forreal perplexed ...... 
So glad im off ! A nite out wit my right hand is jus wat tha doc ordered !! Can a get a shot of < PROPFEMALE > wit dat please !! 
How dare u ! 
Time for shots !!! 
I think we gon need help wit all this < PROPFEMALE > 
i need him 2 not b able 2 do that 2 me !! Smh 
Ugh .... my head hurts ! 
yay !! New tv !! 
if i 4got to invite anybody to Evin's bday party this FRIDAY inbox me for details if ur interested in coming 
SHUT UP TALKIN TO ME !!!!! okay ... i feel betta now lol 
i got bout 3 an a half hours to get my house , my self , and my shit 2gether !!! Wtf was i thinkin !!! 
Thank yall 4 comin out god bless ya goodnight !!!! 
Gotta get to tha emergency dentist asap !! Hope somebody is open on a damn sunday !! I can barely talk ! 
Ima drug myself 4 work 2morrow but soon as i get off im gettin this damn tooth pulled ! Im n so much pain i cant even sleep !! 
Oh tha pain !!! Wat a world !! 
Wats wrong wit me !? 
this is tha 1st time ive felt absolutely helpless and @ a loss 4 words 
All I have in this world is my balls and my word and I don't break them for no one . Do you understand ? 
if it ever comes down to me or u ,..... i mean i love u to death , but guess who i'm pickin ?!!! 
cant wait to take a nap ! show me to tha bed !! 
Wat is there 2 do on a tuesday nite ? 
sleep ? Ha ! Who needs it ! Hand me that ps3 controller !! 
Dinner wit tha future in laws and then a nite wit my girls ! Hot damn !! 
lets jus hurry up and get this over with !! 
it may b rainin but i still need to go have a drink wit my bestie !! 
Mayb u dont have any REAL TRUSTWORTHY friends or people n ur life cuz thas not who YOU are ?! Jus sayin 
this shit is way harder than it looks ..... 
Too damn early ! Mom's surgery today ! Shes so lucky i want my repoductive shit gone too !! Lucky heffa !! Me next !!! 
Momma all good ! Most likely comin home to work my nerves 2morrow ! Loves u ! 
I was reminded 2day y ill < PROPFEMALE > check a man quicker than i will a broad ! Some men r stupid enough 2 underestimate a woman ! U might b stronger than me PUT YA HANDS ON ME THEN !! i have tha upper hand cuz i dont kno when 2 quit and will do anythin necessary to make sure u get my point !!! Tell that coward try that shit wit me ! 
feeling like shit ! Guess ill clean up then drag my ass into work early so i can come home and medicate !! 
My mind is everywhere !! I cannot focus !! Urrrrggg ! 
Started someones dreads today . Fingers hurt but tha money helps tha pain lol 
i hate LOUD heffas ! B a lady have some damn class ! That bitch is right next 2 u so y is errybody hearin yo bizness ! 
Him : I don't think I like u ... \ 
Me : ( blank stare 4 a good 30sec)\ 
Him : wat ? R u n shock or sumthin ? \ 
Me : yeah I am ... N shock that u think I gives a FUCK ! 
nothin short of an adrenaline rush is goin 2 wake me up this mornin !!! 
My face is n websters next to depressed and negative !! Terrible , Horrible , no good , very bad day !!! 
I can stare\ 
I can memorize your face , your hands , your hair\ 
Every part of you \ 
I can cut off any loose ends and not even wanna keep a few\ 
I can speak to you so honestly\ 
I can't even run any game\ 
I can hear a million angels singing in my ears\ 
When I say your name ~ Amel Larrieux - For Real ~ 
my mind's tellin me no ..... 
oh my poor little head .... 
