I feel boring . 

It's 2 am and I'm awake ! I want a < PROPMALE > size bed with an air conditioned matress and cold sheets . 
I am going to try sleeping again . 
I want something really sloppy to eat right now . An Enchillada with lots of cheese and sour cream would be perfect . 
I Wish I was going to a Cage Fight tonight or something exciting like that . 
I feel a little deflated . 
A meat and cheese tray with some crackers or maybe some roasted garlic hummus with some of that flat bread would be nice this morning . Anyone have that ? 
I cannot wait until this weekend's annual beach trip with my favorite sister !!! 
One of our kitties left us an offering this morning at the front porch . I am not sure which one left us half a rat carcass , but I am impressed with her skills . I will spare you the photo . 
A friend of mine told me about this website that you can get restaurant gift certificates at half price . I had my doubts because It sounds a little too good to be true . My friend assured me that she has done it without any problems . I figured I would try it and if it's not legit I am only out $10 for a $25 gift certificate . Now I am a little worried . 
because I found some info on the internet about these companies charging your credit card without authorization . I paid with Paypal if that makes a difference . 
I just bought < PROPFEMALE > a Snuggie . I hope she likes it . 
I hope < PROPFEMALE > doesn't get all mad that I didn't get her one . 
Have you ever found yourself acting in a way that is typical of others only because you thought for a moment your way wasn’t correct ? Then the typical other way is not received by others when you try it ? So then you think to yourself , “Duh , why did I even question my way ? I am not typical” This is not my beautiful house , This is not my beautiful wife . World , how did I get here ? 
Thank Gawd I have a hair appointment Wednesday , I am looking shabby . Yikes . 
Huh . Snow . How special . 
Since Monday afternoon , all I have done is sleep and eat . Somehow I managed to pull something in my neck causing muscle spasms and horrible headaches . Dr gave me heavy duty pain meds and muscle relaxers . Friday the Dr will try to adjust me . I have not had this many consecutive days off work ever . Not Fun ! 
I had lunch with a goat on your car because I am cool like that . 
I llovement with bigh buitss . 
I like big butts 
Qwest is charging me $99.00 for a router I have proof of returning . Any suggestions ? 
Do toilet seat and tank covers serve a purpose other than decoration ? 
I want to learn to rap . 
I cannot wake up ! I wish I was a indoor cat with a cat door . 
Just booked a trip to Hawaii in April . Now I just need to build up vacation time at work ! Sorry everyone , if I am sick I will be sharing . 
For the love of God , Someone please get me a beer ! 
< PROPFIRST > has the fever ! I took him to my favorite Goodwill last night and he bought a really cool chair for $50 . 
Which neighbor's house did I leave my Snuggie at ? Haven't seen it for over a week . 
Gossip needn't be false to be evil , there is a lot orf truth that shouldn't be passed around . 
I don't care what anyone says , eating breakfast makes me eat more the rest of the day . 
I want a 8 ' air hockey table and a new BBQ grill . It's not my birthday or anything but I was just thinking about how nice it would be to have those things . 
When you make a phone call to a large company , Using a fake Austrailian accent will not get you through on the switchboard any faster . 
Someone just told me they saw my crashed Toyota at the wrecking yard . It's for sale for $7000 . Poor truck , used to be so pretty . I kind of want to visit it , she was a good truck . 
I need to have a garage sale . 
grrr .. can't sleep . 
Hawaii . Hawaii is on my mind . 
Back to reality . Blech ! 
I know I am married , but I love the new weather guy on channel 12 news . He is so cute ! Ooh , here he is again ... I love his glasses ! 
I really need to get ready for work .. See you later < PROPFIRST > Mc Millan . 
Farmers Market this afternoon ! 
I have been eating a lot of ice cream lately . 
A nap would be nice . 
Should I have a garage sale Saturday ? 
Thank you my friends for the Birthday Wishes ! 
Hungry for Spaghetti . Right now . 
That's it ! You people have stood in my way long enough . I'm going to clown college ! 
I dreamt about bugs last night . Why do I keep dreaming about bugs ? 
Thank you for putting pickles on my sandwitch . Why is it so hard to spell sandwich today ? 
It's really only Wednesday ? 
I am sure I have said this before , but it bears repeating ... Thank Goodness for Mt . Dew . 
When you live in reaction , you give your power away . Then you get to experience what you gave your power to . 
Most people have 1000 Christmas wishes ; a cancer patient only has one , to get better . I know 97% of you won't repost this to your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do . In honor of someone who has died , or is still fighting , or survived cancer , copy this to your status 
What you own is your own kingdom\ 
What you do is your own glory\ 
What you love is your own power\ 
What you live is your own story 
Today I am trying yogurt again . Every couple years I try it and hope to start liking it . 
