Seems like there was an explosion of Christmas Cheer in here ... in fact , it's almost razzmatazz in its levels of glamorous ! 

Loves how gift cards allow you to be dirt broke and STILL go on a shopping spree ! 
is lonely . 
is gonna learn how to be a real barista today ! 
I liek mudkips . 
PIRATE DAY TODAY ! Looking forward to causing a public nuisance in Old Sac . 
Please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone , or have been affected by someone , who needs a punch in the face . People who need a punch in the face affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for someone who deserves a punch in the face , except a punch in the face , but we can raise awareness . 
Every time I log in , Facebook says I should become friends with < PROPFEMALE > White . 
I nominate my mama as the best mom evar . Don't be jealous , kids , it's just a fact . HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY !! 
I liek mudkips 
HYDE IS A GLAM-PIRATE DIGGING UP PORNO-TREASURE !!! 
i liek mudkips 
Job interview @ Old Soul Co today . Wish me luck !! 
Epic Work Search : THE SEQUEL was extremely gratifying , with no less than 3 ( THREE !! ) pre-interviews ! Now , time to make up for all that productivity by vegging in front of the tv and having a Shock-Top . 
managed to impress her new boss today enough that he promised to double her hours and give her a raise . CUSTOMER SERVICE : IT LITERALLY PAYS TO GRIN LIKE AN IDIOT . 
is having an anxiety attack for the first ti- OH MY GOD DON'T F**KING TOUCH ME CHRIST 
I like mudkips . 
Finally has a day off at the same time as her beautiful boy for the first time in two weeks ! Hurray ! 
????????????????????????????????????????????????????????? 
WILL RESUME CAR ADVENTURES AFTER A YEAR-LONG HIATUS IN LESS THAN 24 HOURS . 
What's this ? It's time to head to work ? Oh , I guess I'll just DRIVE THERE !!!!!!!!! 
One of the great things about living/working/visiting all within the bounds of the same city is that one whole , busy week has seen me go down 3/4 of a tank . Much to be preferred over the daily Grass Valley-Meadow Vista-Auburn-Rocklin-Sacramento route , which costs me easily two tanks of gas a week . Rock on , city life ! 
My paycheck impossibly posted this morning despite being deposited on Friday after 4 pm in an ATM ! Wells Fargo cannot fight the power of my awesomeness/need for cash ! 
I WANT PASTA . : E 
Some other employee fails to show up or be contacted , so apparently I am going back in to close at 6 . BWA ~ 
had an excellent day off , complete with eating , drinking , sleeping and luxurious nudity . :D 
I'M FOOD < PROPMALE > !! 
: < 
needs to reinstate her complacent individualism rather than being entirely reliant on coexistence . \ 
\ 
Also , VAMPS IN 10 DAYS w00t !!! 1 
T-minus 3 days and counting . Also , I feel like now would be a good time to utilize my extravagant bath bomb . 
is posting this from her brand new , beautiful Kindle ! Thank you so much , sweetpea ! 
Updating from the street in SF where we have been rained on and watched numerous crack deals go down . So worth it . 
The best part of wakin ' up ~ 
did SO MUCH LAUNDRY INCLUDING TOWELS AND WASHCLOTHS . < PROPFIRST > and I will be stylin ' in our clean , fresh clothing now . ;D 
smashed her desperate attempts to eat healthily by devouring most of a bag of microwave popcorn . Did also get more healthy snackies , though , for the next overwhelming urge to STUFF MY FACE . 
I liek me sum mudkips . Yesireeeee . 
Fired up the Life Goals Rocket again today by beginning my enrollment process at Sac City College and spending hours finding ALL the classes to a ) get an AA with the < PROPMALE > I want and b ) transfer to a USC . This time , I will not stall and burn to a crisp in the atmosphere . This time , I have a full tank of Work Ethic and Life Skills for fuel . \ 
PREPARE TO EAT MY STELLAR SMOKE , EARTH . 
Leeloo costume is finished ( except for clipping excess trim and threads ) . I don't know where/when I will wear it because I work like twelve hours on Halloween ( woot ? ) BUT YOU CAN BET I WILL FIND THE TIME . 
NANOWRIMO IS GO . 1,549 WORDS AND COUNTING . Let's make it good this year ! 
Facebook's header reminds time and time again of how I never received my voting information despite updating my voting registrations months ago . Apparently , I've not lived in Sacramento long enough to have a valid opinion . How insulting ! I didn't have a valid opinion in Placer County , and I still got to vote there ! 
Oh my god I am so sleepy . x.x 
I liek teh mudkips 
Survived a workday out of a situation comedy ( including a mysterious hours-long assuredness that I was about to throw up , followed by dumping a gallon of water/espresso grinds solution on the floor and my legs ) to come home to a package of pretty new Lime Crime make-ups . Hurray ! 
Oh where , oh where have the soulful < PROPFEMALE > Child fangirls gone ? I am exactly in the mood for some mournful vampiric existential angst with just a dash of unrequited pedophilia . 
i liek mudkips - < PROPFEMALE > 
1 . Downloaded and began to watch Black Swan . Decided this would be better done in dance gear . \ 
2 . Split ass of ballet tights while cramming cookie into my gaping maw . \ 
3 . Enjoyed remainder of movie while riding the exercise bike and doing pliés . 
is tired of being sick now . 
is getting back to her spiritual self , which luckily at this time of year means CLEANING EVERYTHING . It's a big job , but I've seen worse . ;D 
is still waiting , with mounting and fiery impatience , for that last W-2 . 
is double-shiftin ' it today . Haven't worked at Opa for a while so ... we'll see how that works out . XD I hope you guys like burnt falafel . 
I wanted to take a picture of my Imbolc feast of baked potato soup and tasty whole wheat braided bread , but I forgot and ate it , so you'll just have to take my word that it was both delicious and prepared with skill . 
Dear \Pro-Life\ " Politicians ; Please collect the money you were using to redefine rape/push bills to allow hospitals to ignore critically ill women who need abortions and redirect this money to my personal checking account where it will be more wisely spent . Thank you . " 
finally got paid so she could come home with a bottle of Pinot Noir and drink it out of a fancy glass . :) 
Even as a diehard fan , I can sense the way Lady Gaga's videos are slowly pulling into an elliptical orbit . Pros : Unicorns , gratuitous shots of giving birth , Gaga's fine backside . Cons : WTF IS THIS VIDEO ABOUT . 
Decided to play around with a costume idea while I had the house to myself and came to a noteworthy conclusion : Every failed attempt to do < PROPMALE > Burns makeup and successive scrubbing of my face to start over brings me closer to actually looking like him . 
