So ... I watched a home video of a time when i was like 2 ... and < PROPFEMALE > was \attempting\ " VERY HARD to reverse park a station wagon ... at our home on Columbine .... it was quite entertaining . The \ " beeping sound\ " means you need to turn the lights off .... lol " 

Wishing I had money ... I want to move .... to Gramma's ... 
Moving to Gramma's temporarily ..... then away from Mark .... I am scared .... 
Tired and STOKED to be working backstage for < PROPFEMALE > Festival in Fort Collins ... YAY I am a groupie .... lol 
OMG < PROPFEMALE > Fest was a blast and I got all the bands to sign my pair of pants ... YAY 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO JONNY HE'S 2 ... OMG ... I FEEL OLD ....... 
Okay .... big step ahead .... need tips on little boy potty training .... besides cheerios .... he'll just want to eat them ... 
Ugh ... do you think that it's healthy to take 17 flights in a three week period ??? 
ooo , i always knew there was a secret , shady side to my daughter . a mafia < PROPFEMALE > ? wow . 
Had a wisdom tooth pulled today ... and currently my fingers are talking way better than my mouth ... the right side of my face feels non existent ... and I have come to terms with not being able to eat hard things like potato chips and popcorn for a month ... i 
Does anyone ever have the feeling that they have been wrongfully accused ????.... especially when it's something very drastic that could stick with you for the rest of your LIFE !!!!.... it sucks . 
Got a haircut ... 9 dollars YAY .... and I now have layers upon layers upon layers of gorgeous hair ... YAY 
YAY !!!! Comcast internet YAY !!!!!!! It makes the gamers happy ..... 
well now that i can't feel the left side of my face .... damn dentists 
I got my computer for school !!! HUZZAH !!! 
Ugh .. must have moreCOFFEEEEEEEEE !!!!!!!!..... SUGAR , * twitch * , so sleeeeeepy , must have more cof .... ZzZzZzZzZzZz 
I licked a gangster in line at the bank because the voices told me to . 
You know that you have too many drinking < PROPFIRST > s in the < PROPFIRST > pool when your goal is to have a hangover .... but you don't get them .... even on your 21st ..... lol .... But I guess it's a good thing ... lmao .... remembering your birthday is always much more fun .... 
I have tamed the Tiger within .... no more crazy voices speaking blasphomy in my brain ... and HEY !!!!.... I know the voices aren't real .... but they have some damn good ideas .... * devilish smile * 
Whew !... Band practice was freaking AMAZING ... except for someone being a little * cough * drunk .... and then it's also great when you get like 6 hours of free liquor .... WOOT !!!... I love it love it love it !!!! 
Color wheels .... * sigh * ... school assignments are getting to the point where I am falling asleep at the computer ... LAME ... oh well ... on to the next one ... 
so ... working 12 hour days is just fantastic .... especially when the weather is just perfect for swimming with your son .... 
So , our society likes to hire efficient worker's right ?... why is it that I have to be so efficient that I make myself bored for hours on end ?... It boggles my mind ... 
It's too early and coffee won't fix it this time ... fml 
What happens to a person when for the first 6 hours of their day nothing goes right ?... and there's no coffee ... please let me know so I can correct what happened to me this morning . 
Why is it that people end up being really shallow , assholes , perverts , players , or a combination of any of the above . Sometimes I just can't stand myself in giving anyone the benefit of the doubt in getting any sort of a < PROPMALE > to start with . What's wrong with me ? 
Another day at work , another boring , uneventful , undistinguished , unimportant , ridiculously lame day of my life . Something tells me that \ 
I could be doing something much more intriguing with my life today . But , it's not happening ... * sigh * 
You can close your eyes to things you don't want to see , but you can't close your heart to the things you don't want to feel ... 
WOOT !!!... go yard sales ... I love making money when I need it most ... lol 
Ugh ... can't sleep for anything right now . So many things running through my mind ... dear god make the thoughts stop and make it hurt less 
Falling asleep with tears in your eyes causes crying headache hangovers . Especially when you get very little time of sleep in between the annoying periods of consciousness . 
I guess when they say that ignorance is bliss , the one saying it is ignorant . Because not knowing can kill you . 
OMG ... too many invites , I guess I should check FB more often . Because going through 200 invites and gift requests is ridonculous 
So many questions have been asked and so few answered correctly ... I feel like I have been taking a state college exam ... * system crash * * System reboot * 
Quiz wars are so much fun .... 
What do you do when someone you love more than anything gets hurt by the hands of someone that claims love and adoration of the one you love ? Do you stand up knowing you or someone you care for dearly could get hurt ? Or do you let that fear keep you silent and obedient ? 
Omg ... I have been awake for 31 1/2 hours without sleep ... and for someone like me who loves to sleep ... that's a real problem ... lol 
What are you supposed to do when the ground seems so firm beneath you , your faith in humanity so strong , and your vulnerability is at its highest point ... and then your taken advantage of , the human race fails you again , and the ground beneath you ceases to exist anymore and your left falling for eternity ? Tell me what would you do next ? 
WOOT !!! Today may be the day that the Broncos are reborn . 
How many things can go wrong in one day , and of all days , a monday ? 
you're brave , copy this to your status . See\ 
what people pick for you . ( 1 ) crazy . ( 2 ) wish we went out . ( 3)\ 
talkative . ( 4 ) awesome ( 5)lovable . ( 6)pretty ( 7 ) strong . ( 8 ) dumb . ( 9)\ 
fun ( 10 ) hot ( 11 ) wild . ( 12)goofy . ( 13 ) funny . ( 14 ) Freakin ' Awesome . \ 
( 15 ) amazing . ( 16)beautiful . ( 17 ) I love ... you ? (18)have a lot of issues 
One of the hardest things in life is watching the person you love , love someone else . 
“I love you not because of who you are , but because of who I am when I am with you . 
It\ 
hurts to love someone and not be loved in return , but what is the most \ 
painful is to love someone and never find the courage to let the person \ 
know how you feel . 
Relationships are like glass . Sometimes it is better to leave them broken than try to hurt yourself putting it back together . 
The problem with love is , that you can love anyone you want , but so can he . 
I like it in my car ... 
I love when you are a person that doesn't like to talk about what's going on with their life , and you come to a point where you need to talk to someone , no one's there to listen when you are the one that listens to everyone . Thank you everyone ! 
Woot ! I'm working on being awake for 51 hours with only 6 hours of sleep spread out into increments of 1 or 2 at a time ... I love coffee ... until it runs out .. sad day 
I like it in my car , on the porch , in the bathroom , and on my bedside table . But only when I can find it . 
Yay !!!... super stoked that my surprise for Gramma was a success !!!... P.S. will have new photos of Gramma's and my new looks up later 
GO BRONCOS !!!!!.... and I will be catching some z's ... so please ... no phone calls ... love you guys 
Goodnight cruel daytime world .... oh , sweet bed full of comfiness filled with silky sheets , secretly hiding a warm heating pad , and topped with the comforter of epic delight ... here's to you ... I love you 
Oh the beauty of overnights .... * yawn * .. I've been awake for 26+ hours ... please , no phone calls ... text all you want ... but no phone calls .... I'm sleeping ... ZzZzZzZzZz ..... 
Bored at work .... * sigh * ... proficiency + determination has a downfall 
I have the Evo ... YAY !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > POKER TOURNAMENT AT HATRIXX ! STARTS AT 12 SIGN UP AT 11 ! CASH FIRST PLACE ! HATRIXX is located on South College between Loveland and Fort Collins ! 
Yay ... we have our Broncos back 
Holy Bananas !... percocet and norflex need with your head so bad ... woooo ! The floor won't stop moving on me .... 
Back to school .... * yawn * .... so sleepy though 
How is it that the judicial system can be blind to those whom are broke ... 
How can some parents think that relocating their child to a new daycare is such a simple and easy task ? It's careless and reckless ... 
Hey guys , great website with awesome deals for your holiday shopping ... check it out and pass it to your friends and family- http://jaimemarrs.excelprocenter.com 
Poker dealing+7 hours+ cold weather+back problems = disaster Solution ? = percocet = happy parent ... 
YAY !!! MCDANIELS WAS FINALLY FIRED !!!!.... 
< PROPFEMALE > , whiskey , and gin on the rocks please 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS EVERYONE !!!! 
Woot ! Just another poker tourney taken down !... the Rockstar is back ! 
Eff all the people that are pro astrological date change , just because they decide to change it doesn't mean they are going to change who we were born to be !!! 
Stupid white flakes of rapid decent causing inconvenience .... go away ... 
When I asked ky son if he was a crazy monkey he simply replied without a pause \No . I'm crazy Jonny baby . \ " ... all I could do was smile ... " 
Woohoo !!! Vicodin makes the world a happy place . Now if only the pain of extracted wisdom teeth didn't have to be the aftermath , everything would be okay . 
Wish me luck up the hill !!!!.... YAY !!!... Black Hawk here I come .... 
Round #2 in Black Hawk , keep the luck coming !! 
Bright , < PROPFEMALE > , and snowing ... love Colorado 
Avocado 
IT'S TOO EARLY , UGH !!!!... MUST LOCATE COFFEE NOW !!!! 
Well , here goes , surgery should only last an hour and a half , I should be back home by 5:30 as long as there are no complications 
Hey , surgery went smoothly , a little nauseous , but thank god for food and drink ... so thirsty .... 
So , all surgery did for my neck is make it ugly , freakish , and pregnant ... FML 
So , the most gross and terrifying thing about post-op neck surgery is having to get fluid drained ... EW ... OW !!! 
For someone like me who hates needles A LOT , i have done very well with getting stuck 9 times in less than 5 hours ... FML 
