I cant believe you said that . 

weird day 
If We Could See The Miracle Of A Single Flower Clearly . Our Entire Life Would Change . 
dont talk to me in that tone of voice .... 
i will never do anything to hurt or harm you . and no matter how many times you try to give up i wont let you down . because i will always be underneath you to lift your head above the water . thats my one promise to you . 
sitting here six in tha mornin , after talking to you for what damn near ten hours . just watching the sunrise thinking about how every inch it moves brings me one step closer to you . 
how can i sit here and be mad at you when every minute i rage i waste sixty seconds in which i could have told you how much i love you . 
The Easiest Solution Is To Just Walk Away Forever . 
can i just say that when i come to a fork in my trail i get scared run and create my own new path . 
freakin bruise on the side of my face . yay for brawlin it out 
i try and forget , everything i know , everything you told me , and even the things you haven't , because they are in the past , and because you are my present and my future . 
Yay for baby ball pythons named < PROPMALE > and baby sparrows named < PROPMALE > that i share with the love of my life !!! 
its raining 
Your the only person who can make me fall , then pick me up again . 
absence wont stop my hands from searching 
why you trippin i ain't even doin nothin 
old habits never die . 
92 days-13 weeks-3 months . Its how i want to spend the rest of my life . I love you . 
promise ? 
kidnapping and forcing dance = my plans for the weekend 
slip of the tounge 
we'll stay forever this way . 
you pushed me away for another 
losing 
i love you 
absence 
calm . anger management . self-control . calm . 
< PROPFEMALE > 
where you at ? 
at all costs . advance the ball . 
county < PROPFIRST > warsaw bowling green 
i kinda broke you 
theft . car wreck . hospital . cant play rugby . going to puke ... 
doin halloweeny shit . 
i'm in a really bad mood . 
listen . friday cant come fast enough . i really feel like doing halloween shit tonight . 
new number . text me 379 7572 
gsa meeting tomorrow . 
Going to Warsaw 
Navy 
And I Thought I Loved You Then . 
Without you everything falls apart 
Now There's Nobody to Argue With Cause I'm Not Home Dont Care Who Your With Dont Call My Phone ... I'm Gone . And You're All Alone . 
rugby . rugby . < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
combine 
you cant feel my anger . you cant feel my pain . you cant feel my torment . driving me insane . 
bed at one . go at five . never stop . 
we came together . fell apart . broke each other's hearts . remember when ? 
I miss my girl 
Sometimes I play Rugby 
rugby ready for this weekend 
What hurts the Most 
Yes Or No- Should I cut my hair into a mowhawk again ? 
you dont matter anymore anyway . 
this is hardly worth fighting for , but its the petty shit i cant ignore . 
oh < PROPFEMALE > , i do love thee . 
oh loving , messed up , broken knee of mine , you dont know how lucky you are that i'm attached to you . its okay , we will push through this time of difficulty and be better by thursday . cause -shit happens- 
this sucks . 
Chaos Rugby . 
Go to it . 
new car ta-day 
okay , new car , team dinner , going to warsaw in new car , New Car Smell ! -getting in trouble for talking too much about new car . 
lol mobbin hoes with my bitches ? 
i love my baby , i love my chic , i love my baby , yupp yupp i love my chic . 
i miss you baby . 
You can kick me when i'm down but expect a broken leg . 
I can run on the 26th . 
I'm broken dang it ! so i doubt midwest rugby is an option . 
Leaving for Florida tomorrow at 1 . 
In Florida . Went to the Beach today . Did NOT encounter any beach crabs , thank goodness . i might have broken something trying to get away !!! 
silly people ... 
Selling a 1998 Jeep Grand Cherokee Laredo . If you know anyone who is interested send me a message . 
Ain't that just shit . 
Moving to florida ! 
I miss her . 
Come home to me . 
I'm going to enjoy breaking you . 
oh chaos . 
Within you , I lose myself , without you I find myself , wanting to be lost again . 
not again . please not again . 
Shit i think i'm sick . 
I see a hospital trip nearing me . Like within 15 minutes . Damn it . 
Emergency room . Yay 
good luck chaos ! i wish i could be there to see you dominate ! 
And at this crossing , i find myself completely alone , quite sick and afraid , so why , i wonder , did i choose the darkest road without hesitation ? 
yeah , me not being there to watch you ladies play makes me want to beat my head against the wall . 
you know it's bad when i actually admit that i'm sick and agree to go to the emergency room 
Who wants to fight ? 
Bored . Lets go to the pool ! Alright . 
Twiterpated 
half-way there 
I just found this beautiful little hidden beach surrounded by mangroves . And i'm probably going to get eaten by an alligator because it's a nature preserve . 
I just got chased by a horseshoe crab 
Basically i need to < PROPFEMALE > a video camera to document my life cause I just witnessed a man being chased by a Raccoon across a parking lot . 
Walk on a rainbow trail ; walk on a trail of song , and all about you will be beauty . There is a way out of every dark mist , over a rainbow trail 
Yeah i definitely picked up a living crab , out of the ocean . 
This nightmare is almost over . 
Best Thought Ever . This is going to be good breaking violent angry painful bloody aggressive dislocating dangerous fun !!! 
hm , there is a creep preying on my roomate everytime she goes outside the apartment by herself , time to utilize the < PROPMALE > system . 
so , basically , when i become a professinal cage fighter , i'm going to need a name . I'm thinking Bouldercatt !! Any other ideas ? 
 ? ®Dear people at my Laundromat , i am mopping to get the floor clean and if you walk though the wet floor and track mud everywhere one more time , i will thr 
Everything i am and everything in me , wants to be the one you wanted me to be . 
My one day of rest ruined by a speck of something that is still in my eye after an entire day of randomly flailing about in fits of eye pain . 
< PROPFEMALE > brandenburg- Fuck off older lesbians , i don't need your mind games . 
Oh car rides 
Why do i not like children ? Because i was just groped by a 4 year old then insulted by his 9 year old sister . That's why . 
I am not in the mood to deal with this shit . 
 ? ´GIANT creep man just pulled me into an inescapable hug and told me he would show me how to really play rugby . This was after 15mins of telling him i'm int 
 ? ´o girls . 
You giant creep man . I'm going to write a story about you . 
Almost got tipped by a dolphin today-Margaret says- Damn dolphins are assholes . 
The angel on my right ain't hanging out with me tonight . 
Worst idea ever came to me last night and the worst part is that i took action on It . 
There's blood everywhere , it's your blood , and you cry and your tears are also blood . 
Everything is fine , until I am alone 
Whenever you need me , whenever you want me , you know you can call me , i'll be there shortly . 
Beautiful 89 degrees today . 
Pain pain . I'm definitely not ok . 
clean ALL the things ?? :( 
What the hell life 
Show me where forever dies . 
Fuck you Noblesville , you don't know shit about anything that has happened so shut your mouths about me . 
Please help me . I hurt so much . 
Why are you doing this . 
Like a loaded gun . 
Light the fuse and burn it all . 
I'm pretty sure something like a tornado got inside the apartment today . 
Every doubt , every tear , every worry , every fear , i'm right here , Baby fall . 
