Rawr I am a < PROPFEMALE > ! 

\Did you clean your pants with Windex ? I can practically see myself in them . \ " haha " 
Going to mayhem with erin :) 
Mayhem kicked ass ! It was hot as hell though . Me and < PROPFIRST > got a kick ass Betta Fish . He swims all the time :P His name is Gypsy ! 
A baked fish ? Yes . 
Hmmmmmm listening to we killed the union :D You should look them up ! 
Hmmmmmmmmm , what to do ? I Feel like painting ! I just might do that :D 
I love metal :) 
look at my paintings :D 
I want it to pour ! 
When the hell does CDO start school ? I called the office and the chick said was wrong . 
I'm off to clean 
It would suck if you were a blind person and lost your cat . Uhh , My mind wont slow down . :) 
you guys should go to we killed the union's show august 6 ! Get to see some kick ass bands ! Go to their facebook . Only 8 bucks ! 
2nd : Earth/space science-wieduwilt 3rd : Geometry-hebret 4th : Culinary arts 2- < PROPMALE > 5th : english 10-erickson 6th : world history- gauna 7th : Sign language 2 , Sillman . Let me know if we have classes ! 
I'm convinced the world forgot I exist . Hello world , I'm < PROPFEMALE > . 
I love the old music that brings me back to the memories of when my brother would be all drunk singing to me . The good old days haha 
It's weird to see how I stand now and how time flys . I wonder what intresting thing's are gonna happen now ? 
Everything is pretty good :) 
I need something to do ! 
Gosh , we walk to sonic and in 5 mins my java chiller is liquid . Only in arizona . haha . 
If your not doing anything go to a great metal show :D It's at the rock , 9 dollars at door . We killed the union is awesome , go see them ! Lethal dosage too ! 
To you fuckers who didn't see we killed the union and lethal dosage last night missed a kick ass show ! 
Trainwrecked cat ......................... HA . 
What the fuck is up with CDO's new schedule ?! 
It's okay you can ignore everything I say , I don't mind . School tomorrow . 
\They say the world is wrond but I'm convinced it's upside down or maybe inside out\ " I love it ! Guess who sang this and get a cookie :D Hahah . " 
Today was a good day :) I have been listening to we killed the union :D 
I went hiking and < PROPMALE > diving ! :D Your cat is such a whore . HA . 
I love life . (: 
O ne\ 
B ig\ 
A ss\ 
M istake\ 
A merica ! \ 
Hahahahah I love it 
A random guy from turkey asked me if i wanted to have sex . I told him he's a creeper and he thinks he's not ? Yeahhh of course he's not . DELETED CREEPER . 
-.- Blah . 
It's hot as hell ! Top ramen is one of the greatest things ! 
The sky today is just beautiful . 
The perks of being a wallflower is an amazing book ! Hmmm I hope it rains agian ! I loved walking home in the rain expecially with < PROPFEMALE > ! Offff to school .. 
If your gonna try to put me down you should expand your vocabulary . Weird and Emo aren't that smart or cool . hahahahah ! 
this is so surprising , I'm wearing a dress today . 
I'm so happy (: 
Gahhh , I feel like I'm glowing . 
I feel like everything is okay :) 
Poetry is the perfume of the soul . . . i'm so tired . 
I need something to do . I might go on a walk ? 
Why does my cat skittles like biting noses ? The world may never know ... 
Am I that bad of a person ? I need to know this ... 
When your down ... just listen to sublime and your problems are solved . (: 
I took my cat on a walk yesturday , he was panting lol xD 
Why does this shit not surprise me ? 
if you want to believe a compulsive liar .... go ahead ! I hate this shit . Trying to keep my head up . 
Don't worry , be happy . 
When life gives you tamatoes , make salsa . yum . 
Bikecurious ! Ha ha gotta love south park 
Tonight was a wonderful show . WE KILLED THE UNION ! ANIMUS DIVINE ! STANDS WITH FIST ! The rest are not worthy of being wonderful . I surrrrrre do love moshing ! 
Fuck this . I'm turning 16 and my birthday is all readu ruined . 
So , I was just thinking the people i used to be close i'm no longer close to . It's sad but those people probably don't care that much . 
Chipotle is the best ! :) 
I feel like the worst person in the world . 
This weekend is gonna be awesome ! 
\You are what you hangout with . \ " - mr. erickson (: " 
I had a wonderful weekend ! (: 16th birthday ! whoopie ! One really , sad thing though is being lied to . What can you do except move on 
It's so weird I'm 16 tomorrow . What's also weird is I'm hurt but i'm happy still :) 
Thanks everyone who said happy birthday (: I never thought that this would happen ... 
People are so fucked up ! 
You know you have been hanging out with < PROPFIRST > when you act like that ! xD My cunt radiar is tingling . HAHA ! :p 
Going job hunting ! Wish me luck ! :D 
One moment you think that one person would always be there for you that everything isn't a lie and BLAH BLAH and next thing you know they ditch you and everything is a lie . Most of all THEY ARE THE BIGGEST HIPOCRITE . What do they care ? Drugs and cunts are more important . 
Hm , with erin <3 A wonderful and trust worthy friend ! Let's chat ! . . . Least in the end I found out you were a fucked up person ! MUHAHAHA 
Revenge of the nerds is awesome movie :D 
I'm not upset about those fucked up people because they are fucked up to be in my life so I love those people that don't suck :) This break has been awesome ! 
I love those days when I'd be in the car with my mom listening to < PROPMALE > Marley and < PROPMALE > Petty etc . :) 
Finally getting my permit . Wish me luck . 
YAY , I HAVE MY PERMIT ! :D I miss those days . 
Live for today , because tomorrow might never come . . . but don't forget about your future ! :D 
We killed the union killed DV8 last night . Take the hill thought they would win ! HAHAHA . 
Can't wait for the hateful vibe from people tomorrow :D It's okay though , they suck :) Good night world . 
Don't worry , be happy . (: I love vegatables ! I feel like a rabbit ahha . :p 
The song \Hurt\ " by Nine Inch Nails is a wonderful song . If you haven't heard look it up :) " 
Blah , I hate math . Ruff I'm a fish . 
A vocabulary squre is pretty damn weird . It's so cold out ! 
I'm going to go see jackass in 3D ........ with < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > and my mommy ! :D 
Yay ! I drove tonight :D Jackass was hilarious 
Hm , I love cooking ! :D Steak and mashed patatoes , but i can't think what else to cook . 
“Nobody can go back and start a new beginning , but anyone can start today and make a new ending . ” 
Who has skype ? 
Gosh you emo kids I can't see your fucking eyes . HA 
If your mind has a speed limit ; mine is speeding . 
I can honestly say I'm awesome right now :) 
I fully understand what we are doing in math , and it is wonderful . 
Grrrrrr . : l 
Hmm . I want a taco ! :D 
A taco from taco < PROPFEMALE > would be awesome ! 
HAPPY HALLOWEEN :D I hope we go see saw ! 
Saw sucked . :/ 
Worst weekend ever . Expecially today . Gosh damn it . :/ 
I miss Pluto . 
I want to get sims 3 :D 
I hate when you have notifications and you think , \hey ! I feel so loved\ " but it's just other people commented on something commented on . " 
Keep Earth clean because it's not Uranus . Ha ! 
Today was a great day . I met awesome people , and can't wait for more FCCLA . 
Friday should be fun :D Can't wait ! 
I had a wonderful night and then I came home . Leave it to my mom to ruin everything . NOT COOL . 
La La Land was amazing (: I love you guys ! I hope we can do it agian 
Everything is ruined , this fucking sucks ! >:o ! 
People should listen to both sides of the story , then come talk to me . Don't judge me or assume shit either you don't know me mannnn . I love my life (: I hope I get to go to hard dance nation ! 
People need to pull their head out of there ass . Blahhhh so much homework . I can't wait for friday :D 
This world is so fucked up ... The people EVERYTHING . 
Since everyone thinks I'm fucked up I'd really like to know what you people think . Tell me one thing you love and one thing you don't like . This is for self improvement . Please don't be afraid . 
Your insane . 
You're insane . Yeah . 
Mrs. Sillman is evil . 
I love my iPod touch (: 
There are so many legit reasons why someone would want copy music of their iPod ! Gr iTunes 
< PROPMALE > Reznor is amazing . (: 
Home made spaghetti :) yum yum 
Yay for christmas dinner :) 
I wait to cook tomorrow :) 
I went driving . :) I went through a drive through (: 
No matter how much myspace tries to be like Facebook myspace will still suck . . . A lot . Let's chat people ! (: 
Things make so much sense now . People suck . . . 
Should I stick with my straight bangs or go back to side bangs ? Please let me know ! :) 
If I was a homeless person I would just buy a dog bed to sleep on (: ha 
Finally dying my hair :D 
I love today (: 
Going to erins (: 
An eye for eye only ends up making the whole world blind . 
You really grind my gears > : l 
I love life (: 
CDO culinary kicked ass at the competition today ! < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > and I won first place ! We made awesome crepes (: 
Peace , love and understanding is what the world needs . 
Glee is like kids bop for teenagers . Ha . 
Facebook should be a happy place . . . Not a bitch and complain place . 
My house smells like hotdogs , and I haven't cooked hotdogs :p 
Life is amazing (/ 
Life is amazing (: 
Dryer sheets could be used for so many other things , and that's why they are awesome (: ha 
going to see some local bands with Erin :) j wish we killed the union would be there ! 
I just wanna help : l 
Really good day :) I love being a part of FCCLA :D 
\Stab ! Stab ! Take it ! \ " haha " 
If you think positive , then you will have a positive outcome . :) don't worry , be happy 
Call me catwomen (: 
\If you only knew just how much the sun needs you to help light the sky you would be surprised\ " <3 " 
I wish he had his son :/ 
Keep your head up :) 
Everybody wants to be naked and famous 
< PROPFIRST > really just ate stewies crap :o = = = = = = < puke 
I'm so happy :) I love trance ! 
< PROPFEMALE > got hit by a bus and exploded in to a billion twinkies :) WORD 
CUDDLE WEATHER 
Today was fun (: let's talk :D 
Catwomen and nutback strike again 
Erase the hate (: 
\He who is not busy being born is busy dying . \ " - < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > (: " 
Tomorrow is just another adventure (: 
I love how I get the shit end of everything . : l 
Such a great day (: I made salsa with < PROPMALE > and Casey :D yay ! 
<3 
Tonight was amazing , random and fun . (: 
The past is history and the future is a mystery 
Sublime radio <3 
All I see on my live feed is conversations between < PROPFEMALE > and inya :p 
Mr. Ice-cream man why do you play Christmas music when it's not christmas ? 
I don't know what kind of parties those people in the above the influence commercials are going to , because I've never left my brain or body :p 
If we didn't over come challenges then we wouldn't be living our lifes . Live your life to the fullest ! ( : 
Liking everything < PROPFIRST > posts , check 
Had a very successful parent dinner ! Good job culinary 2 ! :D 
iPads are lame 
Beef top ramen (: 
All Facebook has been talking about is dayglow and < PROPFIRST > beiber ...... annoying . 
I'll be getting my lucubration on with < PROPFIRST > in a little . Can I get a hell yeah ! 
Chocolate raspberry coffee <3 
People who text and drive are dumb asses . 
I'm trying not to be down , but it's hard :( 
I miss my brothers 
Annoying , thanks I will add it to the list . 
Reading and writing aims done (: today was fun . 
Tonight was an amazing night ! We killed the union and lethal dosage <3 
I love the surprising things of life (: 
System of a down <3 
Why did they have to change when spring break is D: 
I want to be an iron chef ! 
Skins :D 
I swear only in arizona you would see a tagged saguaro xD 
Can you < PROPFIRST > a retard for being tardy ? Hehe puns . I know it's terrible :p 
You are a whoreeee . 
I hope it rains (: 
I love lazy days (: 
Obama is a stupid twat . 
Hope I get this job ! 
New pictures go look (: 
Facebook ... Pancakes , waffles or crepes ? (: give me opinions ! 
There are so many amazing things in life , why do people only see the negative things ? 
