is eating rice and watching the < PROPFEMALE > bowl 

booo 
almost died last night . Awesome ! Good thing I'm a super amazing driver and I can compensate for stupid idiot vans that pull out right in front of a car that is 5 feet away going 45 mph . 
Yayy Braves game with Jowe tonight !!! 
hmmm i REALLY , REALLY don't feel like going to work tonight ... but i will cause i def don't get paid enough to take the night off 
Welcome to my world ... the world of Red Bull 
WTF , why is my phone disconnected less than two weeks after I paid them $152 ???!! 
APPARENTLY i take myself more seriously than everyone else does , but that's okay ... Here's a non-emo status update for all you haters who are jealous of my mastery of expression of a tortured soul through written words . 
Today I bought a delicious prime rib french dip sandwich , as well as spinach and artichoke dip ( yummmy ) and was so stoked to eat it . Only one problem ... my dumbass left it at my job that's 45 minutes away . So now I'm off on an adventure to retrieve my dinner 
1 hour of sleep ... not happy . 
last weekend living in johns creek ... forever . moving sucks . 
i am so unbelievably stressed out right now . freaking out . awesome . please don't talk to me today , everyone is pissing me off . but if all goes well today , i'll be in portland tomorrow !! =) 
will be in portland tomorrow !!! 
i'm in portland right now and i don't want to leave !! 
is really confused ... 
is dreaming of a life that has passed her by . < /emo status > 
oh geez back to work at the worst job ever , if i don't make at least $200 this weekend i'm seriously quitting , so unacceptable ... 
< PROPFEMALE > being leaked on youtube > you 
today i got a free panini ( delicious ) AND listened to < PROPFEMALE > in my car all the way to and from work ... this is the good life i'm tellin you 
< PROPFEMALE > deen makes me so happy 
I wish the world would stop for Christmas 
howsabouttobaaay !!! 
snowball fights and sledding & hearts ; 
I now have an official Japanese alter-ego that I will answer to when I am eating with chopsticks , making embarrassing driving errors , and being rapidly calculated and efficient at everything I do . 
no more work pleaaase , MAKE IT STOP !! 
yes , i'm happy , and i'm allowed to be . there's nothing to bitch about when hard work is rewarded 
filet < PROPMALE > + the patio + mimosas + homemade donuts = & hearts ; 
Going to fork&screen to see clash of the titans with < PROPFEMALE > ... It's sooo pretty tonight , a patio is definitely calling my name too 
apples to apples ... never gets old 
Okay , it's bad enough living amid a giant plant orgy ... Why are these god forsaken skinny white strings that have the consistency of spider webs dangling off EVERYTHING ?? If you have no idea what I'm talking about you are sooo lucky . 
lunch at flip today with my daddy and bro ... by far my two favorite boys in the world ! 
most people are better off in love 
playing with my super sweet new phone ... the helio is now in retirement 
The earth turned to bring us closer . It turned on itself and in us , until it finally brought us together in this dream . 
don't be afraid to feel sad . it's not feeling anything at all that you should be afraid of . 
bread and butter flies > the real ones 
And nobody knows what to do with the heat\ 
Under sunshine pylons we'll meet while\ 
Rain is falling like rhinestones from the sky 
One day there were three tomatoes walking down the street , a mama tomato , a daddy tomato and a baby tomato . Baby tomato is walking too slowly , so the daddy tomato goes back , steps on him and says ' ketchup!' 
season 3 of true blood starts TONIGHT ! ... why am i so obsessed with vampires ? 
conscience off , < PROPMALE > on 
Every saint has a past and every sinner has a future . 
Have one , have twenty more \one more\ " s \ 
i think diet sodas are a direct reflection of american society . you can't have your cake and eat it too people ! want to lose weight ? ... drink water . want to have a yummy sweet drink ? ... drink regular soda . 
I think I got a tear in my eye , I feel like the < PROPMALE > of my world , haters can make like bees with no stingers and drop dead 
great thursday off with my little bro , beginning with the pool , then delicious japanese food , yogurberry , and ending with toy story 3 in 3D . loved every minute of my day !! =] 
silly bandz vs . giga pets/nano pets ... hmmm tough one , it must suck being in elemetary school during a recession , the fads i grew up with were so much cooler 
So ya see a hot girl , and you're like okay ... I appreciate your exterior beauty because you've definitely worked at it with the clothing ... and the jewlery and the make-up . But , secretly I'm like ... hey man ... where is the < PROPMALE > , and how do I cut to it ? 
just had my mind BLOWN AWAY by inception . everyone needs to see this movie . amazing . 
You can boast about anything if it's all you have . Maybe the less you have , the more you are required to boast . -- fave book quote of the week . but from which book ...? 
I think I was forgotten about ... I'm definitely still stuck at my house for the third straight day , my driveway is not even walkable let alone drivable ... I'M SO BORED !!! I never thought I'd say this , but I really want to go to work 
are these pillowcases stuffed with toilet paper and cotton balls or something , damn !! hotel room #fail 
changes on facebook are always so predictable : updates of people complaining , followed by updates of people complaining about people complaining . 
