Thanks for all the Birthday wishes .... I have the best friends around !!! 

Going to have a great weekend this weekend ... Going to see my < PROPFEMALE > and then to Bloomington for < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE>'s reception !!! Par-tay ! 
is Sad about the turn of events tonight ............ :( 
I'm off to see if all things are back on track ...... as they should be . :) 
I'm off for a week . Woo Hoo ! Helping my < PROPFEMALE > get ready for his event .... and my Dad is going to visit ... so much to do ... so little time 
Merril , < PROPFIRST > and I are going to meet my Dad and Step-mom tomorrow at the Morrisonville Picnic .... woo hoo ! ( I'm sure nobody even knows where Morrisonville , IL is .... LOL ) It will be Merril's first time meeting my Dad and having the wonderful experience of 
Merril , < PROPFIRST > and I are off to the Morrisonville Picnic to meet up with my Dad and step-mom who came from Pensacola for the big event ! Woo Hoo !! 
My visit with dad was good .... the Picinic was ....... the picnic ...... it's back to work tonight . 
Only a few more days until the family gathering .... I hope we will be ready in time . 
Bon-Fire/Cookout at Merril's tonight .... come one come all !!! Call for directions . 
Well .... Merril and I had fun anyway ................ 
Woo Hoo Payday ! Bills paid now off to the grocery store .... Yep , It will all be gone by the end of the day ! Ok , maybe not ALL but most anyway :) 
Feeling better than last night ..... off to work for another fun filled night . The count down is on until you better have your cannon ready ! 
One more night .... then off for a fun filled weekend ... relaxing and floating down the river . Ahhhhh ....... Ok , OK , Getting blasted with a water cannon may not be relaxing , but it's still fun !!! Woo Hoo ! 
home and spent .................... 
I love when my phone rings and it's my < PROPFEMALE > calling !!! 
Sadden by today's news ! My heart goes out to everyone that loved her . 
My < PROPFEMALE > took me to dinner and a movie tonight . Then we had a bit of smooching before he had to head for home .... just smooching ... get your minds out of the gutter ! 
The rain NEEDS to stop .... I have a garage sale in 25 minutes !!! UUUUGH ! 
Wishing I was at the farm today .... :( 
how can bejeweled Blitz be down ? I need a fix ! 
One more day then I get to see my Sweetie ... woo hoo ! Dang , we live too far away from each other .... 
so mad Bejewled Blitz lost my 100K score yesterday ... boo hoo 
new things to buy at Farmtown ..... Oooooooooooo 
Had a great day with my < PROPFEMALE > Yesterday ...... he did farm work and I did my stuff ..... we fit together well . :) 
does anyone out there know what time the St < PROPFIRST > community garage sale is on Thrusday , Friday and Saturday ? I need to know what time to put up my garage door so all my valuable merchandise will sell ... :) 
So ready for the weekend !!!! Best of all I get to see my Sweetie tomorrow .... and the next several days ! It's going to be a busy weekend . Beans are being harvested already !! 
I'm off 1 night and I'm gonna spend it with my Sweetie .... cant wait ! 
uuugh !... that was a busy night !.... and another to follow ! 
well ... I'm off to the races ... the birth races that is . Wish me luck ... and any other poor sucker that has to work with me tonight .... anyone want to join us ? Bush ? < PROPFEMALE > ? < PROPFEMALE > ? anyone ? 
wow .... last 2 nights have whooped me ! 
any computer geeks out there ?... was on the internet when the power went out and now my PC wont connect to the internet at all .... ( on laptop currently-wireless ) so i have some connectivity some how .... PC says no driver . I tried restore point but that also failed .... UUUGH ! help !! 
I'm back ..... up and running again ...... woo hoo ! 
woooo ... hoo ... get to see my sweetie today ! cant wait .... It's been a VERY LONG week !!! 
Off to work ..... Hope its better there ! 
1 more shift and 1 more night of call ... then I'm on Vaca ..... going to be helping with the harvest ... cant wait . I love the farm ! 
off to work ... this is the last scheduled night for a week ... then I'm off to the farm for harvest ! woo hoo ! 
On Vacation starting today !..... Going to see my Sweetie tomorrow .... got to help bring in the crops ! 
off to get the girls checked ....... wee haw ! 
OK ... I'm so tired of this crap around here ..... UUUGH ! 
I hate when the day starts out like this ..... 
UUUgh ! I cant beleive ppl really choose to get up this early !!! And that I have to do it all week ! 
ahhhhh ..... the last morning I have to get up at 0630 for work . 
Dang it ! I think Bush gave me her headache ! I hope you're feeling better now < PROPFEMALE > ! 
can I just say how much I hate this new FB format ...... uuugh ! 
Anyone able to get Bejewled Blitz to work tonight ? I cant seem to get it to load !.... uuurgh ! 
off to work .... hope it a good night and all things go smoothly . 
Happy Halloween everyone ! Have fun ! 
I feel down and went boom .... along with a stack of stuff in my garage ... Ouchy ! :( 
One more night ..... woo hooo ! then I'm off for a few . Will be at the Kankakee Gun show with my < PROPFEMALE > this weekend . :) 
Woo ! Hooo !! off for a few days ..... Cant wait to see my < PROPFEMALE > ! TGIF ! 
I'm watching \You've Got Mail\ " ...... I'm such a sentimental fool . " 
Just spent $300 on groceries ..... good grief ! Why does food have to be required to sustain life ? And more importantly , why do teenages think they need so much of it ? They shouldnt need much for sleeping and hanging around playing video games .... should they ? Maybe just a chip ( 1 ... ok maybe 2 ) , a slice of bread , and a hot dog . :) 
I ran into an OLD friend I havent seen in a very long time ...... I almost forgot what he looked like .... but there he was .... Mr Sunshine !! Man I missed him ... Hope he sticks around for a week or 3 . LOL 
If it weren't for bad luck my Farmer would not be having any luck at all ... yesterday he went to finally finish his harvesting & the combine's rear axle broke . UUUGH ! He only had 15 acres left to go .... needless to say he's not a happy camper :( 
Baking a pie for Adam ..... making a salad for tomorrow ....... off to work tonight ...... then a busy day in ZumMallen land . Happy Thanksgiving everyone ! 
Everyone have a Great time with family and friends ..... and be safe in your travels . 
Word from the farm ..... another part broke on the combine and only 5 acres left to get in .... getting so close . Then starts the field work hopefully before any snow . 
frustrated ............. 
Sounds like he REALLY needs this getaway tomorrow ..... He's been working into the middle of the night this past week . Please mother nature .... dont drop too much snow so we cant get there . 
you know your headache is a kick-ass headache when it wakes you from your sleep .... and today of all days ..... where are my drugs ? Gotta bring out the BIG guns for this one . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all my wonderful friends and family ! 
Another rough day with the kiddo yesterday ...... Uuugh ! I dont understand why they think we are only out to yell at them and find the things they do wrong . We only really want them to follow the rules and become responsible , kind , honest ppl .... and go out in the world to build a happy good life for themselves .... why is that so hard to understand ? We really DONT like all the drama , fussing , fighting and conflict ..... 
Whew ! glad that's over with ..... can I just say how much I hate puking !!!!! 
< PROPFIRST > 1 , 2011 , Tripped and gashed forehead open , large bruise and abrasions noted . \ 
\ 
Not starting off well . 
I cant get any pictures to upload ... WTH ? 
Off to work tonight ..... I hope the next shift will be able to get in in the morning ..... or it could be a LOOOOOONG one 
was white .... now none 
Merril doesnt want me to remind him ... but his birthday is this weekend . He said last year that he's not having anymore . If he can stop then I can too !! 
gonna put it in 4 wheel drive and make my way to my Sweeties farm . Hope Wish me luck ! 
Helped Merril with his Gun Show all weekend ... check . Celebrated his birthday by taking him out to dinner .... check . Put tonights dinner in the crock pot for Merril at his house ..... check . Took care of the laundry and the dishes at the farm .... check . Drove home and picked up < PROPFIRST > from school ..... check . Made dinner and cleaned the kitchen here ... check . Now all I have to do is go to work tonight at 11pm . 
It's WAYBACK WEEK ! RETRO RETRO Everyone change your profile pic to a throwback picture of yourself when you were young !! Copy and paste this , and lets see how adorable ( or ridiculous ) we all were ! 
Is hoping everyone is alive and well after last night !!! We had tons of fun 
Uuuugh ..... my garage door is broken again !! Good thing my car was out when it happened and I know a garage door repair guy 
Woo Hoo ! My handy-dandy fix-it guy is got my new garage door going up and down .... wee haw !! 
A new day and a new start ....... 
I'm not sure I really look like Sigourney Weaver .... but that's what Ive been told . 
Trust is a hard thing ........ and when people you are suppose to trust break that trust , lie , or hide things it makes it even harder . :( 
Things that make you say ......... \hummmm ???? \"" 
Working the tonight and tommorrow night ...... then off till Saturday ! Weee Hawww 
Try it it's fun , and I'm bored . Go to urbandictionary.com and look up your first name . Copy this in your status and copy and paste what Urban Dictionary says about your name in the FIRST comment . 
IT'S BROTHER/SISTER WEEK !! Change your profile pic to a picture of you with your brother or sister ( or both) ! Copy and paste this , and let's see how many people love their siblings !! 
Maybe God wants us to meet a few wrong people before meeting the right one , so that when we finally meet the person , we will know how to be grateful ..... I'm grateful 
Today's Lesson Learned ..... ALWAYS wait to press sent to e-file your taxes UNTIL you have finished your dependants taxes ! ..... Ugh ! 
heading back to work for the next couple of nights ..... WT Mexcian sounds fun .... ENJOY ! have a < PROPFEMALE > for me ! 
< PROPFIRST>'s Week on FB - post a pic of you and your < PROPFEMALE > and the date you met ... Merril and I met on Match.com ..... we had our 1st date Feb 2 , 2007 ... Yep , 3 years ago just this month . :) This picture was taken in May at the Drive-In movies ... it's the earliest picture I have of us . And I just have to say .... I love him TONS ! 
I'm all for being social and friendly ...... but really , WHY do pounds have to bring friends with them ? 
Had a GREAT weekend with my farmer ..... he's such a sweetie pie 
What a busy week .... too much stuff to do and not enough time to do it in . 
Anyone else having issues with FB tonight ? 
Poop ! I was hoping for cost containment tonight ... booo hooo ! Isnt that the way . Dang Murphy's law . 
I think I surprised them all .... hehehehehe . What a fun weekend ! Now back to the world of baby-birthin ' I go ..... 
Off to make dinner so I can head to work tonight ..... 
feeling lost at the moment ..... not sure what to do ..... which way to go . < sigh > 
I'm on call tonight ..... wondering if I'll get called in or not ?? 
Off to work tonight ..... have plenty of \tasks\ " to do tonight .... I hope the patients cooperate . " 
Just so you know .... They did not cooperate last night . One more night then it's off to see my <3 < PROPFEMALE > <3 ! Woo hoo ! 
Had a good weekend with my < PROPFEMALE > . Sometimes it's nice just to < PROPFEMALE > at home . 
Off to work I go .... HI-HO , HI-HO , HI-Hummm ? wonder what the night will bring ? 
Today's game - PLACE OF BIRTH ! Everyone please play ! You will find it interesting to know where your FB friends birth places are . Copy & paste this on your profile , then put your place of birth at the end of this sentence : ..... Rantoul , Illinois 
Off to the last day of cleaning and organizing Postpartum ..... man ! I'm pooped ! Have a GREAT St. Patties Day everyone ! 
woke up with a headache today ..... grrr ... think I'll go get my toes done .... THAT will make me feel better I just know it ....... that and some advil .... Oh , and maybe some shopping :) 
If you have a wonderful husband , fiance or boyfriend that works hard to take care of you and would do anything for you , then repost this as your status to give the honest good men out there the recognition that they deserve . Because great men are few and far between , and I have one of them ? 
Heading to BIG Gun show this weekend at the Kankakee fair grounds .... Merril has extra tables there this weekend so he will be taking a TON of things to sell ...... one never knows what deals can be had :) 
ok . . This is the ONLY time You'll hear me say to much sunshine but . . . . . To much sunshine = bad gun sales . Come on people there are great deals today ! 
off to work I go ...... hi-ho , hi-ho , hi-ho ! 
OMG ! What a night that was ........................... 
off to make a coconut pie for my sweetie .......... Such a Suise-Homemaker 
is up to no good .................. hehehehehe . 
is up to no good tonight .................... 
Harvest < PROPFEMALE > Twin Drive-in is giving away Six Flags Tickects on facebook . Check it out ! \ " , 201 0-0 5-13 02:42:18 " 
Looking at new phones .... anyone have the Droid Incredible , Droid Eris or Palm Pre Plus ? any thoughts or comments ? 
I wanna know WHO ordered this Monsoon ? Dont cha know my < PROPFEMALE > needs to get his seeds in the ground ? What the HEY !!!! 
OK ! I've had just about enough of this !!!! STOP ALREADY !!! 
if anyone got a vidoe from me DONT open it ... it's spam ! Hopefully I got it deleted . 
Lawn mowed- check . Firewood collected- check . Homemade Ice cream freezer dusted off- check . Beer iced- check . Burgers & brats thawed- check . Picnic table put out- check . Music being compiled- check . Who's ready ?..... cuz we are . 
The rain has just about stopped . . . Bring on the party/Cookout ! 
Thank you to < PROPMALE > & < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > and Pastor Meyer for coming to our Cookout . We had good food , good drinks , great weather . . . a good time was had by all ! 
my < PROPFEMALE > and went to the movies this afternoon . . Then to the Flat top to eat . . then to Tiff and Trents new place for a drinky . . . Time to snuggle in for the night . But what a beautiful night it was . 
Ok .... WTH happened to my sciatica nerve while I was sleeping ? Tonight Vicodin will have to be my friend ! 
Hobbling off to work ..... 
At this point this pain i'm having is even worse than childbirth . I think my leg is falling off ...... or maybe I wish it would . I might feel better . If ONLY I could find a comfortable position ! 
It's amazing how much better I feel today ..... After steroids , vicodine , ice , and 24 hours of rest I'm back to 90% . :) 
correction : now that I've been up and moving about let's make that 80% back to normal . but still WAY better than yesterday . 
Ooooooooooo .... my new Droid incredible has arrived ! 
Plan is ...... Drinks at Gill St tomorrow about 730pm for a little pre-bday celebration with my friends in B-N . Hope to see ya there ! 
Gill st for b-day drinks tonight !! woo hoo !!! Wish < PROPMALE > was playing there as well :( 
Looking for a good steakhouse in B-N ? Suggestions ? Googled Jim's .... any thoughts ? 
Moved to shooters .... at least there is music here 
Thanks to my B-N friends for coming out for drinks last night 
Thanks everyone for the birthday wishes ! It has started out as a great day ...... woke up with my sweetie given me birthday kisses :) \ 
I'm so lucky to have great friends and a wonderful man in my life . 
Why does Walmart have 25+ lanes but never have more than 3 open ? 
How did I get so lucky ? 
UUUgh ! I JUST found the sticker renewal form for my car's license plate that expired 5/31 . I better find me a sticker today ! 
Weigh in tomorrow .... wish me LUCK ! 
Ate all night .... measured short ...... right on track ! Let the countdown begin ! 
The Center for Disease Control has issued a medical alert about a highly contagious , potentially dangerous virus that is transmitted orally , by hand , and even electronically . 
getting ready to head to work .... hope it's a good night .... I'm grumpy ! 
Off for another fun filled night at work 
Getting my hair did .... lol 
Better get a nap in before work tonight . 
one more night ........ Let see , Bush and < PROPFIRST > were there together so I'm just guessing how it's going to be there .... better get my running shoes on ! :) 
Lost internet and phone service at home .... and connections from my cell isn't working well eithrr 
As of tonight I'm single :( 
Today I found out it is really over ..... I wasn't who he needed anymore or wanted to be with forever . It's so HARD when I had no idea that anything was wrong . HOw can he be all lovey one day and seem not to care the next .... It seems so easy for him to throw me away .... which really hurts . I wish him happiness always .... and I hope he finds that perfect woman that he wants to be with . I still <3 him and will forever ! 
Deleting him from my life is SO HARD ! I absolutely HATE it .... but it's NOT my choice . 
Today has been a rough day .... for some reason I was a bit stronger yesterday . Day by Day I suppose . 
soon to be off to work tonight ...... hopefully will help take my mind off things . < sigh > 
I need to get out and be with some people .......... 
Off to work ............... 
my head is KILLING me .......... uuugh ! 
Huuummm .... maybe I'll go get my toes done 
\I believe that when you find love you hold onto it and < PROPFEMALE > it because there is nothing finer and it may never come again . \ " - unkown " 
The grass isnt always greener on the other side of the fence and MAYBE , just maybe the grass you had was great grass even if there were a few dandilions ya had to deal with ..... I'm just sayin ' 
Packing for the trip .... I wish I was more excited about it than I am . < sigh > 
off to the wedding of the year ! woo hoo ! A time for celebration ! 
Might be a long day ..... just heard connecting flight is delayed an hour 
Sitting at the DC airport waiting for our connecting flight 
well .... we made it . Nobody worse for the wear ........... so far . 
I have great friends ........... :) 
Going to the beach for some fun in the sun today ! :) 
Sitting at my brother's pool again today soaking up the rays 
Been awake since 5 ...... just can't turn off the brain at times . Guess I should get my stuff packed up for the trip home today . 
Sitting at the airport in < PROPFEMALE > with a thunderstorm going on outside .... hummmm 
Too much lightening to let us on the plane .... 
Finally boarding ... only 30 behind 
Ok ... now we are sitting out on the runway and can't take off due to . the same storm we had here is now at the layover airport 
But the pilot did say \ I probably could pick my way through the storms but they won't let me\ " WHAT ? Oh Hell no ! " 
In Indy at last ..... gonna put car on autopilot 
Home and mostly unpacked ... woo hoo !!!! 
it's back to work for me tonight ..... why do vacation days go by so fast ? 
guess I better hit the hay .... Im falling asleep at the keyboard . 
you want retro ? here ya go 
Yikes ! that thunder boom was LOUD ! 
my tummy is not playing nice today 
going for a drive ..... I need out of the house for a while . 
My tummy is still not good ..... Puking might make me feel better ...... plus now my head and neck aren't playing nice-nice either ..... UUgh ! 
why do cats alwyas have to puke their hairballs up on the carpet .... what is wrong with the wood/tile floor ? 
off to Bloomington to have a little fun with Big on Blondes at Gill st. Better be sure to take my camera .... one never knows what photo opportunity will araise ! :) 
Off to bed after a fun filled night at work and a morning of skill testing .... Wee haw ! 
Gemini ( 5/21-6/21)Nobody said that love was a bouquet of two-dozen red roses , they just said that maybe it would be nice if it were . Truthfully : Sometimes it's daisies , sometimes it's marigolds , sometimes it's a thorn bush that stings for hours and hours after you've touched it . Sometimes it's nettles and sometimes it's narcissus . So go out into that great big garden of feelings and gather your rosebuds or whatever . 
no power at my house 
wow ! never drink long island ice tea specials ! 
Nothing like a random guy in Walmart to boost your ego by saying .... \saw you and just had to introduce myself ..... are you single ? \"" 
It's just one thing after another ............... 
I just pasted a house with a Christmas tree fully lit up .... now that's what I call EARLY ! 
What to wear ? what to wear ? such decissions we have to make on a daily basis . LOL 
Is honesty such a hard thing ? 
well , here I go again . Hope tonight is better than it was last night . Wish me luck ! 
Well , that date was over in 30 minutes ... no connection there . Another bust ! 
Can I just say ... : ... I hate this kind of dating .... everyone is so full of BS ! 
Thanks to all my St. < PROPFIRST>'s friends being so welcoming to me , accepting of my membership , the wonder food and cookout . Hugs to all ! 
I guess I better get a few Zzzzzzzzzzzz ..... I've almost been up for 24 hours . 
Uugh ! Computer crashed ......... again ! 
Ok ... now today the internet port is working .................... WTH ? 
My feeties HURT ! it's been a very busy 2 weeks ........ 
must be swamped there ..... they are doing a call down . I havent been to bed since I got up yesterday at 1500 so didnt think it was a good idea to go in . Sorry to my friends who are there :( 
turned out to be a pretty nice day afterall ..... Sun is shining :) 
Why am I so sleepy tonight ??? 
Man ! it's < PROPFEMALE > out there !...... about blew me off the road ! 
My Baby turns 21 today ...................... :( He's all grown-up ! ( so to speak ) 
I think we are going to blow away here ........... good news : we dont have to rake any leaves . They are just blowing away to who knows where ? LOL 
Going to a Halloween party tonight ... Treats , drinks and Costumes ...... should be fun ! 
At shooters 
Off to the help catch the babies ... how many will come tonight ???? 
( 1 . ) go to google maps . ( 2 . ) go to \get directions\ " ( 3 . ) type Japan as the start location ( 4 . ) type < PROPFEMALE > as the end location . ( 5 . ) go to direction #43 . ( 6 . ) laugh and repost " 
Guess I better get a nap today ..... I've got another date tonight . 
Off to work shortly .... cant wait to see the constuction workers ...... wait , I mean the construction started on our unit !! I'm taking my camera . 
still no word ..... waiting .................. 
it's offical .... I have been approved ! 
Watching Notting Hill ........ 
All dressed up and no place to go ............ 
Off to work .... how many babies will we see tonight ? 
whoa ..... my feeties are tired !! 
Going out to sing a little Karaoke tonight ..... wee haw ! 
what is up with all the added AD's in the middle of the News feed streams and on both sides of the < PROPFEMALE > ? 
I am so blessed to have so many things ..... and thankful for them all . I <3 my family , I <3 my friends , I <3 my church , and I <3 church friends ..... life is good ! Happy Thanksgiving everyone ! 
REALLY ??? How come I only seem to get married men interested in dating me .... WTH is going on these days ! 2 more today ! 
OK that was an interesting night ..... took a ride through a ditch and cornfield last night .... DANG ! the roads were slippery !!! Luckly stayed up right and was able to drive out . 
Whew ! Made it home from church . Man ... there is lots of drifting going on out there . 
OK ... NOW I have to venture out in the cold to go to work ..... Blah ! Beam me up < PROPMALE > ! 
WTH ? It's snowing out here ! 
I've picked up a runny nose from someplace ..... I didnt even know I was needing one . 
Off to Verizon to see whymy phone lost it's \Smartness\ " .......... ggggrrrrrr :( " 
My social calendar seems to be getting kinda full these days . :) 
Off to take the EKG test .... then a bit of shopping ! There's a party tonight ! woohoo ! 
work Xmas party tonight then it's off to sing some Karaoke at Senetor's or to listen to < PROPFEMALE > sing is more like it ... LOL 
Can barely see where the road is .... gonna be long trip home . 
I am not looking forward to going to work tonight ..... I'm all warm and cozy inside . 
Dinner date then maybe some kareoke at Senator's ............ fun times . 
Well ... that date left without even saying goodbye ...... 
Off for another date .... lets see if this one sticks it out or runs away too cuz I'm really a scary person ............ boo ! 
Happy Birthday Jesus ! < PROPFEMALE > Christmas one and all ! 
Doing Christmas with the boys ..... 
OK , Who gave me their germs ? Hummm ??? I could have done without them . Now my throat and head arent playing nice-nice with the rest of me . :( 
This is not how I expected my year to end ..... So out with this year and on to the next . Hopefully it will be brighter . I wish everyone much happiness and love in the year to come . Happy New Year ! 
Note to self ..... dont raise eye brows or make frown faces for a week or so ........ ouchie 
Watching the Orange bowl ..... looking for my neice who is on the VT Flag team !! LOL 
My forehead is turning all sorts of geen color ..... I'm so sexy ! :) 
Now my eye is black to go along with my green forehead .... I'm too sexy ! grrrrrr ! 
Heading out to Fat City with some of my Girlies tonight .... we hear there might be some Karaoke going on there .... I guess we will see . 
Only today and tomorrow left of reg meals and foods ......... 
I'm having steak tonight as my last free meal cuz I won't see it for a while and I'll miss it ! 
To everyone who is calling for stricter gun laws in light of the tragedy in Tucson , may I offer this little tidbit :\ 
If guns kill people , then pencils misspell words , cars drive drunk , and spoons made Oprah fat ! \ 
Remember : Hold the PERSON accountable for their actions , not the means they chose to utilize !!! \ 
Repost if you agree ---- I did ...! 
Going to go singing again tonight with my girls ..... come join the fun . 
WTH ? something happened to my foot yesterday after my pedi ..... I think It's broke . Can't even get a shoe on without tons of pain :( 
Well , that EAS an interesting night ! I can honestly say in 15 years working there I've never had to do that before . 
Only 10 more days of waiting ...... 
I believe in Jesus Christ . One Facebooker has challenged all believers to put this on their wall . The Bible says , if you deny Me in front of your peers , I will deny you in front of my Father . This is a simple test . If you ... love God and you are not afraid to show it , repost this 
7 days and counting .............. 
I think part of a best friend's job should be to immediately clear your computer history if you die . 
Map Quest really needs to start their directions on # 5 . I'm pretty sure I know how to get out of my neighborhood . 
4 days .... 23 hours ..... 40 mins ... and a handful of seconds left until I'm gonna need some versed ....... 
There is great need for a sarcasm font . 
I'm always slightly terrified when I exit out of Word and it asks me if I want to save any changes to my ten-page technical report that I swear I did not make any changes to . 
73 hours and counting until Surgery ..... someone come hold my hand ! :) 
I have a hard time deciphering the fine line between boredom and hunger 
only 22 hours left to wait ............ 
17 hours to go ........ Now WHERE are my pre-op instructions ? What time is it that I cant have a drink anymore ? eeeegs ............ 
Surgery time has just been moved up ...... Oh my ! 
9 more hours .... i should get to bed . Maybe I can sleep ? 
surgery went fine ..... tummy is a little ouchie .... shoulders are more ouchie from the gas . Keep falling asleep : ........ zzzzzz 
no school for St < PROPFIRST > tomorrow ..... I really didnt feel like getting out in this weather anyway so happy to get the no school call 
mashed potatoes tasted pretty dang good tonight ....... 
guess it's a good time to be layed up on medical leave .... sounds like we wont be getting out for a while . 
Thank goodness for a guy down the block who had a skidsteer ... sent my kid down there to see if he could come do mine next . Now Im freed from the drift in front of my garage . Kids did try but broke the snowshovel in doing so ... its mostly ice under all that snow . 
I'm pooped !.... how come so very little makes me so very pooped ? Oh wait I know .... 
Watching the Green Mile .... I love this movie ! 
Ok ! Who ordered all this snow again ? 
OK ... WHERE are all the super bowl parties ? I havent heard of 1 person having one .... or maybe they just arent telling me ....... LOL 
wants to live in a world where money grows on trees , the house cleans itself , weather is always perfect , Love never ends and eating ice cream will make you lose weight . 
How would you pronounce this child's name ? \ 
\Le-a\ " ? \ 
UUUUgh !!!! Rear differential just went out on my vehicle ...... what else can go wrong ? :( .............. Year 50 has pretty much SUCKED for the most part !!!!!! 
On this day of LOVE be sure to tell the ones you love you LOVE them ..... they may not be around forever . 
I saw a falling < PROPFEMALE > tonight on my way home ...... so cool ! 
I forgot how much Strep Throat sucks ! I could have gone on forever not being reminded too ! :( 
My tummy is not playing nice nice tonight ......... uuugh ! 
It sure was great seeing ALL my B-N friends last night ..... Hearing < PROPMALE > play .... and celebrating my 2 girl's Birthdays together ! <3 everyone ! 
The Girl you just called fat ? She has been starving herself & has lost over 30lbs . The Boy you just called stupid ? He has a learning disability & studies over 4hrs a night . The Girl you just called ugly ? She spends hours putting makeup on hoping people will like her . The Boy you just tripped ? He is abused enough at home . There's a lot more to people than you think . Put this as your status if you're against bullying . 
Learning to eat to live verses living to eat ...... sometimes still kinda hard to do . 
Dryer hit by lightening ...... $800+ to fix ( not sure replacing the controls boards will fix it , might be more internal damage but cant tell until the boards are fix .. those are $800 parts and labor ) . Buying a new one would be cheaper .... guess thats what you get for buying those new fangled ones with all the bells and whistles . Lesson learned ... :( 
I hate these ad's on here that keep playing even after you mute them !!! DISLIKE ! 
What a great time with my C-U & B-N friends ......... <3 you all ! 
Heading out the door to Biaggi's ......... It will be my first time to eat there .... Looking for good food and good company ....... new experiences all around :) 
Mama's got herself a new dryer ... let the laundry brigades commence 
