Narwhals . Whales with unicorn horns . YES !!! 

I hope the learning curve wears off quickly . I just made this Facebook and I am lost in this labyrinth . 
Ok .... How many friend requests have I received in the past minute ... Like ten ... I just made this account like 30 mins ago . Jeez ! 
I thought that the most confusing thing on earth was institutionalized religion . I was wrong ; it's Facebook . 
school tomorrow ? I sure hope not ! 
Retaking the sat tomorrow , and I'm not thrilled about it . 
Got into upon honors program . Finally- they're rolling admissions ( quasi rolling ) and I applied like two months ago ! 
Five days until senioritis ! 
19 unanswered points and they still lose ? That's harsh .. 
I have perfected the < PROPMALE > of procrastination . 
I was just thinking ... Is it perhaps time to post at least one real photo onto my facebook < PROPFEMALE > ? 
Tufts interview in a few hours- nervous ! 
Finally . A halftime show with musicians under the age of 60 ! First time in a few years . Did it really take that long to realize that The Who hasn't been popular in 30 years ? 
Decided to root for the packers five minutes before the game . Good choice ! 
I was wondering why frisbees get bigger as they got closer and then it hit me . 
visiting northeastern , tufts , mit 
doesn't like in class essays 
To anyone who was in senior showcase- great show ! 
\Be yourself ; everyone else is taken\ " - < PROPFIRST > Wilde " 
Decisions for the school of my dreams come out in an hour . Why am I not nervous ?? 
Waitlisted at Washington University in St. < PROPFIRST > 
Dear teachers , \ 
I am procrastinating for the first time in two months , but I am not happy about this . My consistent diligence during all zero minutes of none of my homework has come to an end . Teachers- I thoroughly enjoy it when you give \optional\ " homework 
Accepted to Tufts ! 
Finally ! Baseball started ! There goes three hours of each of my days 
( school work ) + ( fourth quarter senior ) - ( AP tests) = COMPLETE JOKE 
Anyone else going to the uconn open house tomorrow ? 
< PROPFIRST > Bautista is on pace for 67 home runs ... again ... This guy is unreal . 
