Watching the Blue < PROPFEMALE > over the lake with the wonders of Pandora Radio - yay for laptops . 

Back at the parents and utterly exhausted - Plane leave 1/10 . Is it bad that I don't really want to go back ? I miss snow . 
Is going to NY for the holidays - should be fun . 
It's friggin too cold up here ... Ok yea I'm officially a converted southern girl apparently . Only 10 degrees and I can't stand it . 
So I have this new game ... Run in the snow then jump in a hot tub . It's fun ! ^_^ 
So apparently XMas is delayed this year - Meh not suprised . Going to the store early in the AM with < PROPFEMALE > before they all close - wee ! 
It's goddamn cold out - Waiting for < PROPFEMALE > to get home . Hope everyone had a happy holiday ! 
Is having a crap day . Night all . 
Up at the Lake with the family for the New Year . Best Wishes to all for a wonderful Holiday . Will be heading across the lake one day this weekend - let me know plans . 
< PROPFEMALE > the memories and embrace the future possibilities - Happy New Year 2011 to all my Facebook friends ! 
Relaxing on the last night at the lake - watching movies and eating homemade ice cream . Tomorrow it's back to ' Toga . 
Oh my what have I done ... /scared 
Sooooo tired . G'night . 
Busy busy busy day/week - If anyone's around BSpa let me know if you want to try and plan something . 
Had so much fun at the Master's Meet today - Packing and cleaning before my flight tomorrow night . 
Home again - Looks like the colder weather beat me here though . ;P 
I love a large helping of drama in the morning ... /sarcasm 
Out running errands then heading to Sami's for the shower @ 2pm . 
Home - Been a long day and it's not over yet . 
People confuse me ... and by default I suppose I confuse myself . 
There needs to be a device out there to freeze time so one can accomplish the 2 million odd things we need to do in a day . 
I'LL ADMIT I'M A HANDFUL . Unfortunately most women won't repost this . I make mistakes , I am out of control and at times hard to handle - but if you can't handle me at my worst then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best . That's why it takes a REAL man to be able to put up with me !... Repost if you are WOMAN enough !! ? ( snagged from < PROPFEMALE > ) 
I'm through accepting limits Cuz someone says they're so Some things I cannot change But till I try I'll never know - Defying Gravity : Wicked 
It is officially vacation time - wewt ! 
Well here goes ' nothing - 1 hr 20 minutes until warm ups . Why did this seem like a good idea ? 
Home . Going north tomorrow afternoon . 
Back in for the night . Dinner was fun . :) 
3.2 and Counting ... forgot how long this crap takes . \ 
TV Surfing while waiting . Suggestions for shows ? 
Why can't I sleep ? :( 
Awesome - migraine . See you all when I crawl out of the hole I'm about to go dig myself . 
Around the house most of the day . Painkillers are a wonderous thing . Phone's good . 
Be awed at my awesome skills of stir fry . :D 
Around . Phone's good . 
Download complete - yay for default ? \ 
Curled up listening to music and having some mage time . 
Sleepy time - Hopefully I'm feeling better tomorrow . 
Hair cut @ 11am then out for a bit . Feeling slightly better today . Going to the pool tomorrow . 
Home till 3pm then out with mi madre for a while . \ 
PS - Angel you guys need to teach me more so I can read your wall updates - hope you guys are doing well down there ! :D 
Out to dinner at Mama Mia's bb tonight . 
Around the house . Use the phone if you want to . 
Magey Time . 
Sleepy time . 
Or not - oh well time to browse TV . 
Starting to wonder if things are getting worse again . Suppose see how it is in the morning . 
Around the house until later tonight . Phone's here if you need me . 
Swiming tonight - be back after . 
Home - hanging out around the house with the family . 
I wonder how online classes would be with a less scattered professor ... \ 
Got a lot of thinking to do and decisions to make . All I know is that I'm not going back to how things were before . 
Going to < PROPFEMALE>'s for the weekend . 
While you SCREAM at your woman , there's a man\ 
wishing he could talk softly to her ear ... While you HUMILIATE , OFFEND\ 
and INSULT her , there's a man flirting with her and reminding her \ 
how wonderful she is . While you HURT your woman , there's a man \ 
wishing he could make love to her . While you make your women CRY there's\ 
a man stealing smiles from her ... Post this on your wall if you're \ 
against Domestic Violence 
Home for an hour then out for a large part of the afternoon more than likely . As for tonight ? Plans TBA . 
Home again . 
Going through old boxes is sometimes ill advised without first making sure you are ready for you never know what might be found . Around . 
Bored bored bored - Magey time perhaps . 
I just found my riding boots from showing - the depths of the things in my old closet ... lol ! 
Just relaxing . Maybe magey stuff . Free until Friday - lemme know . 
Swiming tonight if my back stops being mad at me . You know falling asleep to a game of UNO really made me want to play a game when I woke up - lol . \ 
\ 
@ My Meggie - When are you heading down for < PROPFEMALE>'s party ? Thurs/Fri ? 
Change of plans ... ' Toga Night ! 7pm . Use the phone if you need me . 
Home - spending time with < PROPFEMALE > . 
@ < PROPFEMALE>'s Graduation Party Leave it , stop by , or try the house # . 
Tough girls come from Massachusetts , Sweet \ 
girls come from Alabama . But we New York girls have fire & ice \ 
in our blood . We can ride four wheelers , be a < PROPFEMALE > , throw left \ 
hooks , and drink with the boys .. and if we have an opinion , you know \ 
you're gonna hear it . Repost if you are a true New York girl ? ? 
Eyes once surrounded by darkness are now submersed in light . \ 
Hanging out watching some TV for a little bit . 
Heading out for a night of grilling and hanging out with cool people . :D 
My sleep schedule has issues ... 
Figuring out some things - Moving up to New York in a month or two more than likely . Still have some doubts about it but all in all I think it's the best decision for the long run . Could use some backup support though . 
Home - Wednesday June 9th 
It's official I have now seen children that make the ninja monkies look like perfect angels . Home - Wizards or WoW or Sleep . 
Can something work as intended today ? rabble rabble . 
Headache ... check . \ 
Taking a break . 
Home - Wizards , WoW , and Dinner . Day is getting better . :D 
Class at 8am on a Saturday should be against the law . 
Yay class delayed until next Saturday . Wow for a little bit then who knows . :D 
Out for a little while - bbl . 
Mass and Breakfast 
Out and about for a few hours . 
New cell number again . Ya ! 
Relaxing for a bit - phone's good . 
Working later than planned . Check . Use the cell . 
Relaxing and games . 
Downside of being in a small town . Classes that you need get canceled on a regular basis and then you get to play phone tag . I say ? No thanks . \ 
Spending next weekend ( 26th ) in < PROPMALE > for an 8:30 am class - I'll have the cell . 
Watching The Goonies . 
Long day has been long . 
< PROPMALE > this weekend ! - yay . \ 
Home , then ??? 
wtb reliable internet again . sigh . 
< PROPMALE > early - Use the cell . \ 
It's been one of ' those ' kind of days . Can it be done already ? 
9-1 then fun time begins ! 
food time then ?? 
I really should stay away from people in general when I'm upset , then I wouldn't end up pissing off so many people . 
Happy 4th Everyone ! 
Another hot day in ' sunny ' FL . Work then errands , use the cell if you need me . 
Out most of the afternoon . Cell if you need me . 
Guess who got in Beta ? \ 
<- This girl . \ 
:) 
Farkle is addicting ... 
The countdown has started ... 
my mind going 100mph , my body going 10mph . ugh . 
Got a case of ' cabin fever ' . Can't wait to get out of here . 
Life does not accommodate you , it shatters you . \ 
It is meant to , and it couldn't do it better . \ 
Every seed destroys its container or else there would be no fruition . \ 
- Florida Scott-Maxwell 
It's been one of ' those ' days ... 
Just 7 more hours and 3 day weekend here I come ! :D 
Thanks everyone for the birthday wishes ! :) 
One of those days ... 
Snow on the ground back in NY - it's that time of year again . 
Pain meds and movies = bbl 
Blah - bored . 
' You must excuse me i'm just really not myself \ 
woke up today inside , inside of someone else ' 
Just one of those days ... 
A true friend doesn't care when you're broke , what you weigh , if your house is a mess , about your past , or if your family is full of crazies . They love you for who you are . A true friend can go long periods of time without speaking to you and never question the friendship . Re-post ... if you have at least one true friend , they will know who they are . :) 
7am Bike Ride : Check ! - Feeling more productive now . 
Happy Turkey Day Everyone !! 
Bored - Think I might go out ... 
Any day you learn something new is all in all a good day . \ 
Out for a bit . \ 
Christmas music has taken over the airwaves again already . 
It's going to be a White Christmas ? 
It's amazing what you find while going through boxes . I feel like a kid at Christmas . 
Out doing errands and things - long day that I wish was over already . 
So that's what this white stuff is ... almost forgot all about snow . :P 
Never fails ... sick for the holiday . Hopefully it passes before New Years . 
This month is full of suprises . Relaxing then trying to get some sleep . 
It's nice having a free schedule for a change . :) 
I really should get better at updating photos ... 
Too much to do and not enough time to do it - lol . Happy Holidays Everyone !! 
Random drunk driver hits cable box knocking out all cable in surrounding area for hours ... check . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas Everyone ! 
End of a long yet fun day with family with another one starting early tomorrow . Time to finish up some work then catch some zzz's . 
Up at the Lake through the New Year . Use the cell if you have it . :) 
Lake until Sat - Then across to VT and back home . 
Cleaning , laundry , sleep , and then more cleaning ... :) 
A true friend doesn't care when you're broke , being a bitch , what you weigh , if your house is a mess , what you drive , about your past , or if your family is filled with crazy people . Your conversations pick up where they left off , even if it has been months ( or even years ) apart . They love you ... for who you are . 
It's going to be a long day . 
Anyone hear anything good , bad , etc about the IPhone 4 ? Verizon is getting it and I'm comparing that to some of the Android options they currently offer . 
First steps of my New Years Resolution in progress - long overdue but better late than never ? 
Another 6 inches of snow and it's still coming down - fun stuff ! 
Swimming day 2 of the week - with a side of lots of snow \ 
The New Year is off to a decent start ! 
Hmmm Friday - ' Toga ? and Saturday - Lake < PROPFIRST > with Mom 
' Toga Night ! 
Home - Had so much fun !! 
Relaxing after a nice day in Lake < PROPFIRST > , watching the new Nanny McPhee movie , sleep , and then church in the a.m. with Mom and Dad . 
Relaxing around the house . Apparently we're supposed to get more snow - :D 
Heading to the airport - incoming 80 degree weather and lack of snow :( 
It's a hyper and happy state of being today . 
Shiney new computer - check , next on the list a mouse without a mind of it's own and a few other geeky odds and ends . 
It's been a long day - curling up with a good book sounds nice for the evening . 
She got the call today\ 
One out of the gray\ 
And when the smoke cleared\ 
It took her breath away\ 
She said she didn't believe\ 
It could happen to me\ 
I guess we're all one phone call from our knees\ 
We're gonna get there soon 
Only 8am and it's already an interesting day . 
Long day at work makes me miss the hot tub and have a strong < PROPFEMALE > to go get a massage . I'll have to settle for sleep for now . :) 
I think I'm forgetting what days off are like - sleep then work work work . :) 
Work work work - Driving the long way around due to a road race going on this afternoon . 
Home from a long night at work - time for some sleep and then a double tomorrow ! 
Work all day tomorrow so getting some much needed sleep . :) 
Is it Wednesday yet ? Sleep and then work work work . 
I'm not 100% sure what was in my lunch today but it tasted wonderful , our cooks are amazing and creative . :) 
Working a double - Is it break time yet ? \ 
At least I work with awesome people ! 
Someone should have told Mr. Cheese that it's a bad idea to mop the kitchen right in the begining of dinner rush . First night after smashing into the tile is over - two bar shifts and then relaxation at the beach on Wednesday . \ 
For now this pack of frozen veggies is my new friend . :) 
Spent the day up in Cocoa - back home for some much needed sleep before work , 4 more days . :) 
Is listening to music from RENT - Because ' somebody ' got a song stuck in my head , thanks to < PROPFEMALE > oh cousin of mine for the random tracks . :P 
Too bad Starbucks isn't open at 3am :( 
3 hour layovers are crummy 
This week has gone by too fast . :( 
Sleep then back to work for me . Had a blast this past week with everyone , thanks for an amazing time ! 
Hanging out @ melbourne beach with < PROPFEMALE > :) 
Work work work 
Errands then girls day with < PROPFEMALE > . 
Mixed thoughts on this day . 
I feel like I've been hit by and then dragged behind a < PROPMALE > Truck . Time to curl up with about 20 gallons of water . :\\ 
Heading into work tonight - should be ' interesting ' . 
Feeling like I have lost my sense of direction . Sometimes even the strong need someone to < PROPFEMALE > on . 
Sleepy time - opening the bar in the morning . Congrats to all my UK fans - amazing couple of games . 
Really ? Tornados ?? :( 
Driving home in a downpour , work in the am . Saturday's game is going to be a good one . 
End of a crap filled day - Games then sleep ? 
Busch Gardens tomorrow and it's not looking like last weeks tornado warnings and crazy downpouring with lightning ! :D 
Heading to < PROPMALE > for a couple of nights to play at Seaworld and Aquatica ! Busch Gardens was a blast , random pics inc . 
