Jesus abandoned his younger brother over here , and now it's past midnight , and it's a school day . And we're playing Melee ... 

I'm 18 now ... \ 
I don't know what to think of it . 
Video games are getting boring . 
Cat whizzed on bed . Sleeping on the ground now . The ground is more comfortable than my bed . <_< 
Sleep ? Bah ! I laugh at you . 
Gory Head Stump 2006 : The Pageant of the Slunks is sooo catchy . 
Boring week , coming right up ... 
Just finished watching < PROPFIRST > and Silent < PROPMALE > Strike Back . I forgot how hilarious the movie is . 
Gah , I love the Buckethead's album , Pepper's Ghost . 
Boooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooored . \ 
\ 
Yeah . 
Spent most of the week watching and recording baby videos , and I realized something ... \ 
< PROPFEMALE > was an evil baby . 
My back . It HURTS . 
Thinking ... thinking ... thinking ... 
All these Facebook quizzes are soooo easily manipulated . I got the answer I wanted every time . Haha ! 
I know what I must do now . I've always wondered why I was brought to this world , what my purpose is . For hours a day , I sit and think about what I should do . But now the answer is obvious . \ 
I found the answer to life in the back of my fridge . That cookie dough isn't going to bake itself , you know . 
Dead skunks , in the middle of the road ... 
Paranormal Activity 2 ... \ 
Disappoint . ): 
Going to try out NaNoWriMo . One long month of pure writing ... 
I laugh too much . 
Yup . 
I have a good amount of money , but I don't know what to do with it . Maybe I should go throw it in the fireplace ... \ 
I'm cold . 
Why is it that seconds after I wake up from sleep , I get the most incredible ideas ? Ideas so great I could probably get < PROPMALE > off of them if I wrote them up , and sold them . \ 
But I can NEVER FREAKING REMEMBER them by the time I get out the pen and paper . 
Pepper's Ghost is , will , and always will be my favorite album from Buckethead . I just can't stop listening to it . 
Everyone , go watch Falling Down . \ 
NOW . 
I'm bored . I need something fun to do to unbore me . 
Should I sell all my Magic : The Gathering cards ? I could probably get more than $700 if I sell them properly . 
Surfing the darkest corners of the internet again ... ugh . So much hilarious junk , haha . 
Playing through Blade of Darkness again . Going through it for the 1000th time . I swear , it never gets old to play . 
Time sure flies when you have nothing to do ... 
EGGS 
Not sleepy , too dark to go anywhere , and too late to do anything ... \ 
Boredom strikes do their worst during the night . Damn my screwed up sleep schedule . 
I hate being alone for extended periods of time . It makes me feel all lonely , and stuff . Then my mind starts to wander , and I start imagining the most unrealistic , fantastical crap . Oh , the things I can be doing right now . Hanging out with my friends , playing the piano , bothering < PROPFEMALE > , drawing random figures . \ 
Also , I really , really , really , really want to spend the night at a haunted house , haha . 
Sorry about the quake , guys . I fell off my bed . 
Damned Nos . Damned energy drinks . 
Today sucked balls . Tomorrow is going to suck , too . Yesterday was awesome . I forgot what I did the day before yesterday , but it was probably something awesome , too . \ 
My exact thoughts by the end of the day . 
I love noise-canceling headphones . I can put them on and pretend I'm flying a spaceship , and no one will be able to bother me because I can't hear them . 
I woke up early this morning ... \ 
Then I remembered I had nothing to do , so I went back to sleep . \ 
Isn't life after high school great !? 
I got these kick-ass new shoes , I feel like I can walk on walls , and ceilings . The grip on them is insane . 
< PROPFEMALE > likes someone , but I'm not telling who . 
I'm bored , I can't sleep , and I had too much soda . I ... need ... something ... to ... do . 
I need new clothes . Been wearing the same crap from freshman year ... 
Wow , this weekend sucked eggs . The most interesting thing I did was trip against my bed , because my leg fell asleep from laying on it for too long . 
Go to the Boardwalk , car breaks down in the parking lot , bus takes a million detours because all the roads are flooded , it's raining , and it's my first day for work at a restaurant . And I scroll down to read people complaining that their house is too cold ? At least I got a job interview at the Boardwalk . Hell yeah ! 
Facebook sucks . 
I have a cell phone now . Can't figure out how to use this crap . It's complicated ! 
