slightly annoyed 

sleep seems good but im to wired to care 
this vacation is a drag ... hasnt stopped raining and im inhailing water ... 
wondering why there are so many people in this room 
rain rain go away come again another day !! 
blah blah blah 
Talkin to an alien baby from Children's 
OMG ! A RIVER ! 
going to draw 
is done with ass holes 
BABY RAVIOLI 
9 bears today in cades cove 
Awwe hes a cutie !! 
tayla bored < PROPFEMALE > happy it no rainy day is good 
grrrrrrrrr ! grr people ! grrrrrrrrr ! 
igit 
Lousy gits . cant trust any of them . and certainly cant depend on them .... must be a character flaw 
school ... fun ... :P 
So bored . need socks . grr muscles .... i dunno 
Family Fun Time !! 
tamagotchi beep 
food ! mah belly wants food ! 
aibcadmefsgohibjokrlemdnloaplqarlsatluawlyaalnadlza 
< PROPFEMALE > Brat ate my ice cream , and he isnt even sorry about it 
numms . mama made pizza-burgers 
: sick and tired of people taking stuff that doesnt belong to them ! 
im bored .... bored ... bored ... bored ... bored ... bored ... bored ... bored ... bored ... bored ... bored ... bored ... bored ... bored ... bored ... bored ... 
me lovey halloweeny !! and a < PROPFEMALE > bug ! 
gymgymgymgymgymgymgymgymgymgymgymgymgymgymgymgymgymgymgymgym 
stupid college thingy .... 
mmm mamas chicken and rice ! derreesheeious 
haha . i left early ... mmmmmmm tortellini ! 
gotta go to workworkworkwork ... bleh !! 
mmmmm days off taste good ! 
ima goin to da gymgymgym today !! i need some luck ... 
i dont like tanning ... it makes me smell funny 
tired of lawlessness and carelessness 
me wansa play da uno ! 
im broke :( 
i burned my mouth :( stupid hot chocolate 
a 5 oz . bird cannot < PROPFEMALE > a 1 lb coconut 
me full of mexican goodness ... off to beachy at nighty time ... k bye 
i like the ¨Blue Thingy¨ ( i named it , jovani just made it up ) 
Mom needs to get home so we can make this freekin turkey 
changing my room 
happy her family is on facebook so that she can talk to the easier now ! 
blahblahblah 
worked 8.5 hours today .... YAY MONEY !! 
Just got off work , doing school work and watching SVU marathon 
ARG !! i hate writing papers ..... 
Resolving family issues .... so satisfying 
Cookie makin tomarrow with biggie brother and mommie mom . HURRAY !! they is my fav ! 
all the shopping done ! FINALLY ! < PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
Happy freakin ' new year to all of you !!! I hope this year everyone makes at least one new friend !!!! 
Happy easter !! 
Weed . The wonder plant . 
When the bottom of your pants fold up under your ass and disapear ... Your pants are too small . 
Mindless boredom ... But I have a hat so it's ok . 
Ok . So this is what you do . You take jello , mush it up on your plate . Next add reddiwhip . Your final step is to smash your face into it and inhale . 
I want tiramisu ! Gimme money !! 
CIRCUS ! 
Kiki and jiki are coming tomorrow for brandons birthday !!! 
Can you make ice by boiling water ? Explain ! 
Victory is mine !! 
I wants me a cuppy cake !!!! 
Going from and 18 to 14 is itchy !!! 
First day of rotr !! Amazing !!! I cannot talk . :D woo !! 
Praying for shade 
I feel like over cooked bacon .... 
MOONPIES !! 
grrr 
Perhaps its not that our generation that feels indestructable , but maybe we are so aware of how destructable we are , that we live life to its fullest . 
Failure tastes like a bad turnip , I DONT LIKE TURNIPS !! 
Ipad ... Want one . Lol . 
My windows were down for 10 minutes . Fml 
First full nights sleep in over a month . I feel so awsome right now . 
Yarg . 
No work today ... still can't figure out why I'm awake ... 
I feel lemoney fresh 
Terrible day at work 
Why won't it just end already ?! 
Mmmmmm . Ice cream . 
You are an overly emotional whohaa 
After finishing a book in a series that is incomplete leaves me feeling empty . Write faster ! I want to know how it ends ! 
Anyone want a free kitten ? First shots , de-worming , first flee dip , heart treatment , ear mites all taken care of . 
Seriously ... free < PROPFEMALE > 
My hair is blue . 
Up at 5 . Dog not feeling well . Threw up on sheets . Good morning world . Good night . 
Got me a new shirt 
I don't want to care ... 
Moo 
W00t 
I'm on team read-a-freakin-book . Which side will you choose ? 
Ah work . What would I do without you ? 
Boyfriend out in the pacific somewhere . One best friend stuck in isolation . Other best friend not speaking to me for some reason . I'm bored . 
Box box box . Who has a box ? I need a box . An imagination box . 
Your face says .... bahblahblah ! 
God isn't perfect . 
Dead butterflies are bad juju ... 
Why ?! WHY ?! 
New furniture is here ! 
And I'm supposed to care , why ? 
Once again I find myself screaming \why ?! \ " into the endlessness of space and time . " 
Spongebob just mercilessly ripped a small animal in half ... 
Ha ! I got me a sketch pad ! 
I'm gonna make me a pie . 12 mini pies actually . 12 mini lemon meringue pies . Nummy . 
Coconut cakes with lime syrup . I'm taking a poll , who thinks this sounds good ? 
Classical mythology class . You wish you were here ( no sarcasm intended ) . 
Missing the gahanna fireworks because I works tonight ... 
Can see the fireworks from the < PROPMALE > Hortons . Woo baby ! 
Need new job . 
Pshae . 
Love is patient , love is kind . It does not envy . It does not boast . 
Bought a new set of rasps and don't know what to make . 
Finally updating trend micro ! 
Ha ! 
You won't believe where I am . 
I'm looking for small to medium football gear . It's seriously needed , hit me up if you have some . ( 614 ) 288-7291 
need ice cream 
Why what ? 
I feel like I'm next to a male penguin 
If only you knew how much I didn't care . 
Yay thunderstorms !!!! 
Ever ask yourself , \why didn't I just leave ? \"" 
Dear god why ?! 
off to a good start in my mythology class ! 
fixed up my night club . now im off to bed . some one , make sure i go to the gym tomorrow ... 
PIZZA 
Teenagers stupid enough to text and drive = Darwinism 
Cacapo !! 
Ways it to rain already because the sudden pressure change has brought on a super headache 
Bring it on mother nature . This game is fun . 
Your face . 
I want a krabby < PROPFEMALE > so bad !! 
How does one go about obtaining a srumdiddlyumptious bar ? 
If I don't create I will explode !!! 
What ? Havn't you gnawed on a < PROPFEMALE > before ? 
Estoy en coshocton con Elexus y los niños están locos . 
Loves her mommy 
Mythbusters is moose stomping ! 
Has an imaginary friends named booji 
I wish I could rock out like Sponge < PROPMALE > . 
Exam done . Booya !! 
Plan B : eat yogurt . 
ha ! 
Sick and tired of fish . 
Placement testing tomorrow ! 
¡¿Quieres < PROPFEMALE > gato ?! ¡¿Porque ?! 
To argue something doesn't exist is your own ignorance . 
I have school every bloody day of the week ! 
needs someone to learn how to belly dance with her ... 
A7X and disturbed at nationwide tomorrow !!!!! 
Halestorm . pretty cool . Loud . This should be outside . 
< PROPMALE > gets way to excited for A7X . 
Coheed and Cambria tomorrow ! 
i want a pillow pet SO BAD ! 
i would like to fudderwhaken ! 
Nifty . 
Mow ? Mow !! 
I want hard boiled eggs !! 
Made it to Michigan . Excited . This house is awesome ! 
Day 1 : complete . On to day 2 . 
First day out on the water and we were hit with take force winds . 
Coming home . It's too cold to stay here . 
F *** < PROPMALE > Michaels ! He killed \what I got\ " by sublime ! That bastard !! " 
I need a new tv . A nice big one . 
I am ready to decorate my room after living in it for 2 years . 
Tomorrow , wow ... work at 6 am interview at noon and then my very first class of the quarter at 2:30 ... what did i get myself into ? 
Yar !!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > my dear . I will miss you greatly . If anyone needs to talk my phone number is ( 614 ) 288-7291 
I am too proud to allow this poison we call grief have hold of me . Who will stand with me against the pain ? We only lose if we allow ourselves too . 
Apparently I like salted papaya ... 
Does Newark have school tomorrow ? 
Tattoo ... itchy ... no fun . 
Oh great car gods . Let < PROPMALE > finish my car quickly .... I have school today !! 
Working at Starbucks tonight . I'm gonna be so tired ... 
Got my sister the most amazing birthday present ever !! 
The question isn't if you think abortion is morally wrong , the question is , \do you think its morally correct to take away a woman's right to choose ? \"" 
I enjoy ranting . 
Does the ignorance of people on this world really know no bounds ? 
i need a roommate ... 
I have a credit card ! 
mow ? Im using an HP Touch smart computer at the school ! It's so awesome ! I want one really bad now ! 
Rain water burns the ZIM ! 
I find myself being more emotional while watching movies since the third . 
im closing tonight people !! Start at six , come visit :D 
Caterpillar ice cubes !!!!!! 
Tired of dealing with idiots and pretenders 
Mow ? =^_^= 
driving to < PROPFEMALE > in a couple of weeks to visit the most magestic g-ma and see < PROPMALE > potter 7 part 1 with the bestest friend ever ! and < PROPFIRST > is coming too ... you wish you were cool enough to come , but you can't! because my car is little and you will not fit ! HA ! unless of course your < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > because then the two of you together makes 1 person you skinny people you ... 
managed to write a math paper on narwhals XD 
closing tonight .... come visit ^_^ 
the voters of gahanna are complete idiots 
red hot chili peppers , cheese , pretzles , math homework and < PROPFEMALE > in wonderland .... 
updated my list of books i own and the official count is 98 ... i need 2 and can finish off the year :D 
Kid rock , why do you look like a well dressed hobo ? 
<----- LOOK ! NO HAIR ! 
0( O_o )0 what monkey ?! 
\Character is a long standing habit\ " -- Plutarch " 
Dear child , taking nothing and turning it I.to something is what I love to do ... if you look around the world is wonderful . 
count down to < PROPFEMALE > has begun . 
Put this as your status if you know someone who suffers from being a Michigan Fan . Being a Wolverine Fan is a real disorder and should be taken seriously . There is still no known cure for MF and sympathy does not help , but we can raise awareness . 100% of OSU fans will repost this simply because WE know how to copy and paste as well as tie our shoes . 
oh turkey , why do you have to tire me so , you and your potato companions ... 
if you ain't watchin ' < PROPMALE > potter in appomattox < PROPFEMALE > then you should GO TO BED !! 
< PROPFEMALE > was so fun ! 
alphabet soup is numms and so is beef stew and babies .... mmmm babies . ^_^ 
You and your race need some warm ... here have mine ... now isn't that better ? 
Where is this baby everyone keeps talking about ? Because if there is an invisible baby , I don't wanna step on it . 
im bubbles ! who are you ?! 
What's better than a hotdog rolled in corn batter , then deep fried ? Nothing !!!! 
\Always < PROPFEMALE > to learn something useful \"-- Sophocles " 
What has happened is not important , but why did it happen . These are the questions we must ask to find meaning in our own lives . 
I love you ! ( that's not for anyone in particular ... ) 
Have a happy winter solstice everyone !!! 
Coming to you live from her new iPad !!! 
Missing the family big time ... 
Tomorrow with the most amazing man's family . It will be fun !! 
Jesus isn't white ... He lived in the middle east ... 
Has new American brindle guinea pig named < PROPMALE > !!!!!!!!!!! 
Thank god the worst year in my history is over . Kicking off the new year with < PROPMALE > . Loves ! 
< PROPMALE > is coming home today ... Lets hope < PROPFEMALE > doesn't think he is one of her new chew toys ... 
To those who I have been chatting with ... I'm gonna go to bed ! I love you ! Nighty night ! 
Here with my best friend Elexus < PROPFIRST > Working at the best place ever Starbucks :) 
My dad is wolverine 
You can't open revolving doors 
Hmmm , broadway , what do you have to offer ? 
What to do now all the < PROPMALE > is gone ... 
\An eye for an eye\ " doesn't always have to be a bad thing ... " 
Just bought the most amazing skirt ever . Can't wait till it gets here !! 
It's supposed to be winter right ?... so why in gods name is it raining ?! 
Hmmmm . Paint the basement today ? 
I need a new tattoo , suggestions ? 
The count down till New York begins ... 
If you learn to roll with the punches then eventually you'll get up and say , \I can do a somersault \"" 
I desperatly want another coconut cream doughnut from < PROPFIRST > pans in Brooklyn ... 
Hmm ... What to do now ... 
Let's put giant flower boxes off the side of bridges ! If we make them big enough then we can grow trees over rivers and it will be magical ! 
Sicky piggy ... So sad ... 
hmmmm .... anniversary tomorrow but no time to spend with < PROPMALE > ... sad sad day in the world of < PROPFIRST > 
Make more cupcakes ? I'm not sure ... For sure not keepin them in my house ! 
I made 20 cupcakes and within 30 hours there were three left ... WHY FAMILY , WHY ?! 
Hurray obscurity ! 
\The aging process has you firmly in its grasp if you never get the urge to throw a snowball . \"-- Doug Larson " 
\go away . Your face is making my eyes leak . \"" 
Hmmmm work .... Dunno how I feel about that . 
Working for < PROPFIRST>'s day instead of spending it with < PROPMALE > ... Another sad sad day in the world of < PROPFIRST > :( 
Tell me why your face wants to be punched ... 
This Shep , great , grey , peanut loving poochie . 
grrr . left my phone charger at work ... 
I can no longer safely eat red meat ... 
missing anatomy because i forgot what day it was ... working < PROPFEMALE > paper instead ... someone wanna help me ? 
Loves how the tune of \a bag of weed\ " was ripped off of Chitty Chitty Bang Bang's song \ " me ol ' bamboo\ " . seriously . It makes me smile and think of < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > dyke . :D " 
To all of you religious people :\ 
You live forever through the effects you have on other peoples lives . If you want to die happy you need to do something worth while not say \I believe a now dead man existed so I am better than you and your gonna burn in hell unless you believe in this man too\ " If good people exist than so be it but if you believe only truly good people are Christians than you live in a very sad world . " 
I can no longer wait for my < PROPMALE > stay-cation !! 
Yay ! I love getting stuff for free !! Thank god for tire discounters ! 
Oh dear friend of mine , \ 
I find myself missing you , \ 
Even after all this time ... 
My dog = stupid 
My phones brain explodes this morning and I lost all my contacts ... 
Oh divine being that grants me the wondrous things in my life ; please keep people from asking me to go to church ... Family and friends are ok , but keep the stranngers on the streets away from me please . \ 
Thanks , \ 
< PROPFIRST > 
