Yum ! Homemade pea soup with ham , < PROPMALE > butter crescent rolls , pumpkin whoopie pies , and freshly made sweet tea . 

last night my oldest peed on the bathroom rug and this afternoon my youngest peed on me mid diaper change . How was your day ? 
Tonight's dinner was stuffed < PROPFEMALE > peppers , eggs in purgatory , garlic parmesan roasted potatoes , and toast . I think the eggs got slightly overcooked because the yolks aren't runny like they're supposed to be , but the whites are set right . 
I swear there's atleast 6 inches of snow in my yard . < PROPFEMALE > and I played outside in it earlier today . We built a snowman and < PROPFEMALE > kept knocking it down . She loves snow . 
Feeling like the enforcer today for both Etsy Fort Worth and at home . Sorry baby , but you've had enough sugar . 
How am I supposed to make < PROPMALE>'s < PROPFIRST > cake , if I used the last of the sugar to make sweet tea ? 
Today will be busy . I have so many errands to run before going to see my sister for dinner . 
I need to sell some Robot Pop stuff , so I have haircut money . It's getting weird . 
I feel like a total slacker today . I know I got stuff done , but I still have so much more to do . 
I'm making resin for jewelry . Sadly , I found out that just because I put a certain color in it doesn't mean it stays that color . So , bright pretty peacock blue turned to pale aqua shimmer . I also wasn't expecting it to be transparent . 
Poured a second layer of resin this morning . I hope they turn out nice . I have one more layer to go . 
Hmm ... now if I could only get the resin out of the mold . You would think two coats of mold release would do it . 
How do you explain to a two-year-old that pink and blue ice cream trucks are not the same thing as pink and blue ice cream cones , and that either way ice cream trucks don't drive by at 8pm ? 
< PROPFEMALE > keeps mothering her \Eggie . \ " She is carrying around a plastic play food egg wrapped in a washcloth . Thanks < PROPFEMALE >." 
Note to self : Don't become blinded by crafting excitement while driving home . You will miss your exit by < PROPMALE > and not notice till you look down and realize that the screen says you've been driving for 45 minutes . 
Facebook is going to eat my day ! I have places to go , pictures to take , and swag to make . 
Why is it that when I need Facebook to help answer a question I discover there is no actual way to contact them ? I just spent half an hour trying to find anything that led to a \contact us\ " < PROPFEMALE > and found nothing . For some reason my shorter url I made to get to my fan < PROPFEMALE > easier got blocked for being annoying . " 
I have an idea , and I need you ! 
I made curry for dinner and now my house smells funky . 
I had so much fun at Funky Finds today ! It was great getting to hangout with everyone today and see all the awesome handmade stuff . 
Saying my house is prepared for a zombie apocalypse is apparently an understatement . 
A haircut and craft fair display shopping makes for a wonderful day . Now I need spray paint . 
My husband surprised me today for our anniversary and took the day off , so we can go on a date . Still trying to figure out what we're doing . 
Snow ? Really !? I thought I lived in Texas and it was Spring . 
My indie business , Robot Pop , was featured on a blog and an Etsy Treasury today . Check out my fan < PROPFEMALE > for links to both . http://facebook.com/RobotPop 
Debating whether I need a 10x10 corner booth or just a 10x10 booth for an upcoming craft fair . There's pros and cons for both , and I'm still working on booth design . Ideas ? 
Way to disappoint me Etsy Finds email . When your title says deep in the heart of Texas and the home featured is in Fort Worth , I expect at least one find to be found in Fort Worth , TX . 
What's with all the telemarketer phone calls asking me if I need a credit card machine ? Seriously at least every 30-45 minutes since 11am . 
I'm going garage saling Friday . I think I found one selling store displays ! Yay ! 
Awesome ! Telephone table +shelves +vintage handmade apron +shutters for the win ! 
Going to Home Depot and Hobby Lobby after dinner because I need some supplies , and they have most of what's on my list on sale . Then making stuff like crazy with what I brought to my parents house . 
Freaking out over whether or not beads on jewelry = beaded jewelry . 
< PROPFEMALE > has two little teeth sprouting . Chomp , chomp , chomp . She keeps chewing on everything within reach . 
Sushi bento for dinner . Yay ! 
Spray paint , < PROPFEMALE > cookies , and laundry . Oh , my ! 
50 items in the shop and 50 fans . Things are moving along nicely . 
< PROPFEMALE > is obsessed with < PROPFEMALE > Scrambler . If you know who this is you also watch PBS at 5pm and you have kids ... hopefully . You are getting sleeeepppyy . 
Sorted my paint and now I feel like painting , but can't find anything to paint on . How is it possible that I organize some stuff so well I can't find it ? 
Indoor gun ranges are depressing . 
Is it too soon to be having craft fair related dreams ? 
Does anyone want to go with or meet me at the main st. arts festival or make's urban street bazaar this weekend ? I want to go , but not really alone . 
Can we slow down the crawling ? < PROPFEMALE > is after everything that catches her eye . 
Give me pho and a sleeping baby , or buy something from my shop ! Or at least look at it . 
I have pictures of so many new things to add to my Etsy shop . Apparently , my parents ' house is the best place to take pictures . 
I think Scrabble hates me . AIINOOO 
I'm the whitest person I know that's sunburn proof without sunblock . Just ask J < PROPFEMALE > . 
... and one for the little girl who lives down the lame .? < PROPFEMALE>'s renditions of nursery rhymes crack me up . 
I'm making a zucchini tart , lemon pepper chicken , and salad for dinner . 
I was sitting here lost in the internet and just looked up to see why < PROPFEMALE > was playing so quiet .... She's folding the laundry and making piles separated by who the clothes belong to like I always do . 
Today I decided that my underused badly placed flowerbed in the backyard is now my compost pile until a better solution can be decided upon . Now if I can just figure out a way to destroy all the weeds and grass in the upper level of my backyard . 
Anyone want to hangout after the CIB meeting Saturday ? Maybe find a snocone ? 
Choices make dinner or paint or make jewelry or clean . 
It's nearly impossible to crochet while children are climbing on you . 
WTF is all that racket ? It sounds like a basketball team is having practice in my driveway , but no one's there . 
I want a Thai bubble tea and some pie . 
Earlier today I poked my finger with the eye of an embroidery needle , and now I think it's infected . It's all puffy and red and hurts like hell . How am I injuring myself with what isn't even the dangerous end of something ? 
Loco moco for dinner . mmm ... gravy . 
My stupid tv hates ABC , so no Lost till tomorrow . 
Holy , jewelry glue high . Maybe gluing 50 new pieces in one go was a bad idea . 
Having homemade veggie pizza and watching Lost while everyone else sleeps . We came back from running errands , and I had a headache and passed out for 2 hours . 
Woah . I just got home and realized I sold 3 rings . Maybe I should leave the house more often . 
This gnocci , sausage , and brownies better get appreciated . Or I'll eat all the brownies while they're sleeping . 
Apparently , I can't do anything right anyways , so I'm just going to eat the brownies for breakfast . 
Ugh ... biting . It's a good thing she's cute . 
Well , I guess < PROPFEMALE > is sick . She has a fever , runny nose , and is miserable . Poor baby . 
eww 
Fun family day of Fort Worth Museum of Science and History , Taco Cabana , and Braum's . 
P.S. < PROPFEMALE > was terrorizing some little boys in the outdoor part of the museum and kept throwing water at them . Then at Taco Cabana she got hit on by a 7-year-old who walked up and told her she was beautiful . < PROPMALE > is so not looking forward to her being a teenager . 
Does anyone need girl/unisex clothes size 2T or smaller ? I've been cleaning in the girls closets . 
Yesterday , I wore my new cupcake earrings to test them out . Half the people that commented on them thought they were icecream . Do husband's and 14-year-olds count ? 
Thinking about opening a few more online shops to see if any work out . Does anyone have any positive or negative comments about any online shopping sites similar to Etsy ? 
I feel like I'm forgetting to do something , but today has been slightly crazy . Just to name a few of today's oddities < PROPFEMALE > threw up on me out of nowhere , and when I went to eat the tomato I cut up a few days ago I noticed some of the seeds had sprouted < PROPFEMALE > tomato plants . 
I'll see you at the EFW meeting . < PROPFEMALE > is being sweet today , so we'll see if she stays that way . 
I wish there wasn't so much spit in < PROPFEMALE>'s beat boxing , but Electric Company is a really good show . 
Had fun seeing everyone at the meeting and got my House of Smash cuffs . When I got home < PROPFEMALE > was passed out and < PROPFEMALE > was wide awake . 
Community is awesome ! 
< PROPFEMALE > just walked in wearing < PROPFEMALE>'s shirt !? When asked why , she said she wanted to be little like sister . Too cute and a little surprised she got it on . 
Getting ready to watch Where the Wild Things Are with < PROPFEMALE > . 
< PROPFEMALE > takes the hand part of hand puppets quite literally . 
Catching up on the last 2 episodes of Glee , while finishing Mother's Day gifts . Aparently , < PROPFEMALE > really likes it and is now imitating < PROPMALE > . 
Happy Mother's Day ! 
Someone put on their silly pants today . 
Jennifer : What's your name ? Corinne : Cowinne . Jennifer : How old are you ? Corinne : ... Too(2 ? ) old . 
Fun night with the little sister at Arts Goggle and Spiral Diner . She bought me a cute < PROPMALE > vase , and we got some awesome prints from Sarah(OY ) . Now it's time for bed . 
< PROPFEMALE > not sleeping is killing me sleeping . On another note , yay sale ! Boo , I have to use it to pay my Etsy < PROPMALE > . 
You can't tell me not to do . 
Yay ! I won Blueskysunburn Creations Comic Book Women paintings . < PROPFEMALE > exciting ! There's still one more giveaway coming up too . 
First Anniepoo , then Hippie Bliss , and now House of Smash . I'm seeing all kinds of EFW on tv lately . 
Let's hope a dinner of fried pork chops with gravy , green bean casserole , and garlic mashed potatoes all from scratch equals less flack for watching LOST for four hours . 
Is anyone else more confused now ? 
Happy Towel Day to all interstellar hitchhikers ! Oh , and always remember , don't panic ! 
Ugh . Peanut butter and jelly sandwich before bed did not agree with me , and now I have a tummyache . 
< PROPFEMALE > just woke up from her nap and told me there was a giant chicken in the closet . What !? 
We had a garage sale today and it was all hot with no breeze , so we shut down early . I hope tomorrow is better . We still have lots of clothes(baby and mine ) , craft supplies , a bassinet and baby carrier , and some other random stuff . 
I really need to get silver chain soon . Does anyone have a preference of silver plated brass versus silver finished brass ? Both are from a supplier I trust for quality , but the price difference is huge and would affect the pricing of my jewelry . Nickel content is questionable in the silver finished chain , but both are lead free . 
Thinking about whether it would be worth it , or possible , to < PROPFEMALE > the Sampler for breach of contract . 
Going to a meeting , can't remember what I was going to talk about at said meeting because I thought of it at 2am and didn't write it dooowwwwn , doo da doo doot doo 
RAWR . I fell asleep putting < PROPFEMALE > to bed and just woke up , so I'm in a weird half asleep , half awake haze . 
Today I will be making strawberry cupcakes with lemon creamcheese frosting and lemon cupcakes with strawberry buttercream for < PROPFEMALE>'s birthday party tomorrow . I also have < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > for making polka < PROPFEMALE > s on top . 
Scratch that . Straw < PROPFIRST > cupcakes with lemon creamcheese frosting and lemon < PROPFIRST > cupcakes with straw < PROPFIRST > buttercream . The lemon < PROPFIRST > recipe sounded better than the plain lemon . 
Let's see . I dropped an entire pan of unbaked cupcake batter on the inside of the oven door , got a splinter , found out either foil liners hate me or my baking powder is dead , and ran out of powdered sugar and Walmart was out of powdered sugar . So yeah , not the best looking cupcakes or what I set out to make , but they are tasty . 
Staying up till 2am after the girls go to sleep making jewelry is a win/lose situation . 
You would think I'm way too white to have a child that raps like a gangsta . Sub the microphone for a pink < PROPFEMALE > phone ftw . We'll just hire her for the CIB entertainment because she'll work for ice cream . 
I so love that Fedex usually delivers packages a day earlier than what is first projected in tracking . Yay , for very much needed supplies arriving probably this afternoon ! 
Today is NOT a good day . 
If the movie special features include a drinking game it must be awesome , right ? 
Umm ... I think I have enough jewelry for 3 tables , so if you don't see what you want , just tell me you want to see more . 
I would love to see you today at Panther City Bar Bazaar in Fort Worth at < PROPFEMALE>'s Saloon . I'll be there from noon to 8pm , with my jewelry , along with many other vendors , live music , and Fort Worth Burrito Project . 
Can I go to sleep now ? 
Just finished watching Masterpiece Contemporary : Last Enemy on Hulu . Totally reccommend it to any scifi geeks that like 1984 type stuff . Also has Dr. Rush from Stargate Universe and the lead character reminds me of < PROPFIRST > Dent . Am I giving away how truly geeky I am ? 
I just figured out what cupcake flavor I'm making , and they will be awesome !... I hope . 
I have some very large pads of newsprint(24x36 & 18x24 ) , drawing paper(18x24 ) , and colored charcoal paper(18x24 ) all have had some pages used except for the largest pad of newsprint . Would any artists out there like to trade or buy them ? I can bring them to the party Friday or arrange a pick up . 
I got home and realized I matched my cupcakes . Apparantly , my official colors are turquoise , pink , black , white and polka dots . 
< PROPFEMALE > is getting 3 top teeth at once , so there's drool everywhere . 
When life slips you a < PROPFIRST > , stroke the furry wall . 
Robot Pop has my head spinning . I've been working on EFW and shop stuff all day online and on paper . 
I want to sew and crochet today . 
I need to make a vendor apron for when I do shows . I was searching Etsy for inspiration . There are some that are so pretty I would wear them out of the house . 
I need some new clothes , so I can dress all colorful again . I'm tired of wearing the same 5 shirts . 
Me : ( walking around singing)\ 
Corinne : Mommy , you're a nut ! \ 
Me : What kind ? \ 
Corinne : white and brown and CRAZY ! 
I have too much to do today . 
I find it interesting that there's currently an item on the Etsy homepage that blatantly goes against Etsy TOS . It's not the first time either , and I will point out in this case it has nothing to do with copyright laws . 
Keep the CIB Goody Bag packages coming ! Today I got one from CC's One of a Kind full of super cute 3 packs of fabric covered button magnets . 
< PROPFEMALE > on drawing , \it's just like magic ! \"" 
I need some old shelves , doors , windows , folding screens , etc between 3-6 feet tall to make walls for my craft fair booth . If you have something like that you think might work let me know . I also need something for hanging earrings . I found out at < PROPFEMALE>'s the one I have is too small for the number of earrings I have . 
Do any of my homeschooling friends/people with school age kids need books ? My mom is a retired teacher and has a bunch of learning to read type books at the garage sale . Some have really great pictures that might be fun for collage too , mixed media artist friends . 
Anyone want to come to a garage sale at my parents ' house in Midlothian tomorrow ? Let me know what you're looking for and I'll tell you if we have it , and if you want to come by I'll send you a message with the address . 
Just applied for the fall Arts Goggle ! Which gives me a good reason to keep dropping hints that it would be really great if I had a tent . 
Just got eco paper roses for the goody bags in the mail . So pretty , and < PROPFEMALE > wants to keep them all to make a garden ! :/ This kid is going to be disappointed when I take away the big container of pretties in September . 
How is < PROPFEMALE > taking the fitted sheet off her bed ? It's been happening the last few days every morning and nap time I go to get her and she's holding a wad of sheet in the middle of the bed . 
Watching The Sound of Music with < PROPFEMALE > . She likes the singing and marching . 
Why did I just waste 45 minutes trying to rationalize pricing of handmade items with my husband ? 
Thanks mom for taking the girls home with you , so I can work on all the CIB stuff I need to do . Now off to bag , paint , sew , stickerize , organize , and bead . 
I know , I know , it's a little last minute , but I just finished the newest CIB goody bag blog post and scheduled it to go live at 5am . 
Who would have thought banana cream flavored popcorn would be so yummy ? 
Well , the girls are back home , and now begins the Mama separation crying . Rainbow popcorn and < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > are appeasing < PROPFEMALE > for the moment . 
How much stuff can I stuff in these bags ? Another goody bag post is ready for the morning . I still have a few more things coming in too . 
Driving home a girl in a bikini was standing in front of the palm tree store holding a sign that looked like it was stolen from a homeless person or a Chik-fil-a cow and said \got palms ? \"" 
Yay ! titanmoon will now be playing at the Cowtown Indie Bazaar on September 4th . So excited ! 
I'm busy working on display stuff for my craft fair booth today . I found < PROPFEMALE > the perfect job to help mommy by having her make pink rice . Shake shake shake . 
So , I have a sign I'm painting and it needs words , but I can't decide . Options are : handmade jewelry , welcome to robot pop , or thank you for visiting/stopping by . Which one do you like best , or do you have an idea ? 
So much to make , so little time . I wish I had an < PROPMALE > cabin I could fill with my supplies and food , so I could lock myself in until September 3rd . 
282 must be my magic Etsy number . 
Feeling all special and flattered to have my jewelry as the photo for the CIB Facebook ad campaign . Let me know if you see it because Facebook thinks I like seeing the same 10 ads every day , and probably won't have it pop up on my < PROPFEMALE > . 
Need to paint , sew , and practice booth set up . 
I can't wait to show off my Robot Pop sign ! It's not perfect , but I love it . It's so retro awesome . 
Sewing this money apron is going to kill my sewing machine or injure me . At least it's cute . 
Yay ! I sold something today . When am I supposed to have time to package and ship this ? 
Totally freaking out ! Hopefully , I can put my brain to sleep for a few hours . Apparently , I need a TARDIS because everything will not fit in my mom's car . 
I am sick and tired , but had lots of fun yesterday at the Cowtown Indie Bazaar . I loved seeing all the people walking around wearing handmade goodies they got from other talented EFW artists . 
Hoping < PROPMALE > gets home in time for me to not be late to the EFW meeting\ 
tonight . Also hoping to make a few pairs of earrings or something now\ 
that I don't feel so tired . 
Yay , for < PROPFEMALE > custom order from CIB and finally selling a book on Amazon ! If I keep it up maybe I can buy a tent . Maybe even walls for the tent , ooh , fancy . 
mmm ... bacon . 
Thank you for all the nice birthday wishes ! < PROPFEMALE > is trying to convince me that mommies don't get birthdays , and I'm just happy the husband agreed to go to the Loteria show . 
Today I got a haircut , so that was good , but then I had to go grocery shopping , clean the kitchen , and do other normal day house cleaning and mommy stuff , so not the most exciting birthday . However , tomorrow will be lots of fun . 
Super excited about my new supplies I bought yesterday . < PROPMALE > thinks I'm going on a crazy spending spree , but really I'm just getting things that I've had my eye on for a long time . 
I will trade a three-year-old for a laser cutting machine . I love her , but she's 3 going on 14 . Where did all this attitude and drama come from ? 
< PROPFEMALE > keeps randomly saying duck , duck , duck and babbling nonsense while pointing around the house . 
Of course , as soon as , I mention free beer my husband becomes very interested in craft fairs . 
< PROPFEMALE > would eat an entire head of raw broccoli , if I let her , really ? This is the same child who spits out carrots . 
Today < PROPFEMALE > went crazy decorating her cardboard house . There's marker on the outside , inside and all over < PROPFEMALE > . 
Anxiously awaiting my concoction of peach walnut blondies . 
Still wondering how I got free large french fries from Whataburger . It wasn't like it was a mistake because no one else was there . 
My mom and I had pictures made of the girls today , and you could really see how very different their personalities are . < PROPFEMALE > was all out of sorts and didn't like some strange lady messing with her one bit . < PROPFEMALE > was a little cheese ball model , did her own thing , and often purposefully stepped in front of sister's pictures . She also went all Veruca Salt and insisted she needed a camera too . 
It also took us most of the photo shoot to convince < PROPFEMALE > that we were not secretly at a zoo . She was very concerned about lions and tigers scaring her , and was confused about the lack of a moose ... or any animals , for that matter . 
I wish < PROPFEMALE > would go to sleep . < PROPFEMALE > might have to push me in the stroller tomorrow at the Midlothian Fall Festival if I don't get any sleep . 
< PROPFEMALE > has come to the decision that a pink bear is her Halloween costume , and that sister must be an owl in a tree . Apparently , I'm the tree . 
Tonight was fun up until the giant hole in the tire and the flat spare . :( 
Come visit me this weekend in the Etsy Fort Worth booth at The Funky Finds Experience and spin my wheel of handmade and crafty prizes ! $1 to spin and proceeds go to Child Study Center of Fort Worth . 
I had fun at Funky Finds , met lots of great new people , and saw some lovely crafty friends . I am not enjoying the after show hangover though . 
Eggplants , giraffses , and pigs ! Oh , my !? What kind of zoo does < PROPFEMALE > want to visit ? 
< PROPFEMALE > keeps singing , \it's like a garbage baby . \ " I have no idea what that means ? She's been singing lots of nonsense today . " 
