Tired ... but happy ! I'm liking 2010 already .. :D 

homework ??? UGh i forgot about that ... Can i just take the F ? NO ? Darn it ! 
HA !!! got pretty much all of homework done :D ! Now i just have to memorize a monolouge and define a bunch of words about poetry ... yay ... 
Can't wait for camp !!!!!!!! AHAHAHAAHAHAHA 
I'll e at camp all week ... see you when i get back !!! HAHAHAHAHAHA 
I'll be at camp all week ... see you when i get back !!! HAHAHAHAHAHA 
CAMP IS AMAZING ... I LOVE IT THERE !!!!! 
Sorry every one .. I haven't ignored you i just forgot to log out last night ... and this morning . 
hates stupid technology ... but i still love it ... 
checked her e-mail after three months ... yeah 
i don't like needles .... 
I hope i can remember those moves ... hehe 
I didn't screw up !!!! an di was barely off beat once !... YES !!! 
ibi snap it's probably from unwanted/ needed stress ... so don't mind me 
If i happen to hit someone randomly ... i'm sorry 
I gfeel much better now ... i had a warm bath 
I feel wonderful today !... mostly 
started my latin course today !!! WOOHOO ! 
I finished my bathroom .... and it rocks !! I LIKEY IT ! 
* Jumps up and down screaming * I GOT MY DRESS !!!!!!!!!! YAY !!!! I'M SO HAPPY !! 
sorry to all who tried to talk to me today .. i forgot to close the window when i left this morning ... heh heh . I had a fabulous day 
i'm tired and i think tomorrow ... i will take a nap ... lol 
I'm tired .. yardsales are no fun ... in the rain anyways 
I got it to work !!!!!!! YAY !! 
I'm in for a long first semester of school ... i can see it now ... joy 
hey all !! once school starts i probably won't be on the computer very much . sad news i know but I've got a lot going on this year . yay ... anyways I'll get on every so often to check things . try not to send me a lot of requests Please . thanks ! 
So I'm just going to remind all of my happy friends that if you want to send me your favorite picture of you ... i'll be needing them soon .. LOL butt you can take your time that just means it's longer until you see whati need them for .. >:) 
I'm tired .. i don't want to go to school ... I guess i'll live though 
wow ... i've decided I don't like learning anymore ... 
boys . are . dumb . and that is my officail opinion , I'm sorry to say . 
He will be missed !! this weekend i will be staying home t watch all the movies i have with < PROPFIRST > swayze in them 
playing random games ... :D 
i think i am sick .... and i don't like it . :( 
feeling better :D 
I've been thinking .... yeah i know that in itself is weird ... 
MY birthday is in 11 days !!! WOOO HOO !!!! and happy birthday to allthose who have one coming !!... hehe 
Waiting for game night .... bored but happy as usual . :D 
I've got to admit , i surprised myself with just how awesome that turned out . 
Thank you every one !!! I love you too !! 
THAT WAS SOOOOOOOO much fun ! thanks guys ... we should do it again some time 
Carpe diem , amo < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > m ago pax which means seize the day , love life , live a life of peace ! :D 
This nastalgia stuff is fun ... though .. it makes me go back to thsome times i don't like but oh well ... 
In English , the word order shows the connection between the words in a sentence ; in Latin , that connection is shown by using endings . ( Latin for americans)Grab the book nearest you . Right now . • Turn to < PROPFEMALE > 21 . • Find the 5th sentence . • Post that sentence AS YOUR STATUS . AND POST these instructions in a comment to this status . • Don't dig for your favorite , the coolest , the most intellectual . Use the CLOSEST book . 
It's my mommy's birthdaY ! i get to go to dinner tonight ! WOO HOO !!! 
I'm so ready for a vacation .. a long one ... at the beach . LOL XD 
I love family get togethers ... it's when i realize .. i have the most normal branch on my family tree XD 
HA !! i got most of my homework done ... and i made heystack treats !! I love those things !! 
Attention ! this is a public service announcement : we have some bad news foryou about < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Slyke . Well bad for you not so much for her ... She is now a legal < PROPFEMALE > driver !!! Can we say WOOT !!! 
8 1/2 days !!! can't wait !!! 
I'm curling my hair for tomorrow !!! WOO ! 
I know you , I danced with you once upon a dream ... 
Great job tonight my elko singers !! I loved it ! 
finnally my internet decideds it likes me after all ! 
MARYY JESUS'S BIRTHDAY ! Did you know christmas litterally means christ's birth ? Cool huh . And I'm grateful for my gifts and the big gift god gave me :D 
I'm assuming by now everyone has heard . I hope to not see the inside of the gym for quite some time ... 
Youth group was fun today ... YAY FOR NO SCHOOL MONDAY !!!!!!! 
I had fun at < PROPFEMALE>'s ... We should do that more often :D 
Woke up at seven ... yay for day off of school ... blah for waking up early anyway . 
That was funnier than a kangaroo on a washing machine XD ~ megan Blessing ~ 
I still can't find a \famous\ " person that looks like me .. I must be too dang sexy XD " 
So they changed the layout while i was gone ... I'm sooooo confused !!! 
soooo ... I LOV YOU !!!! just thought you should know that :D 
I'm kinda tired ... perhaps i should sleep ... 
I did my homework !!!!!!!!!! WOOHOO !! 
Well ... whose up for spring break ??!!?! 
So ... i really do love you ... lol XD but Jesus loves you more :D 
* Cries * going to school late is over ... 
YAY !!!!... i don't know what i'm cheering for anymore but ... YAY !!!! 
I haven't been on in a long time .... hmmm 
In agreeance with everyone else involved .. I MISSES THE MUSICAL !!!! but now i can look forward to next years ! WOOHOO !!! plus i caught up on sleep now so life is good again . * happy dance * 
life is good . Can't wait for Prom ... kind miss Oklahoma but i'll live . I decided it would be fun to have a date to prom but i can have fun with out one ... haha . hmm ... YAY for no more AP gov !!! 
Life is good .... but i need ot work on that latin .... hehe 
Latin .... how I dislike you ... yet i can't resist you .... so blah to you blah BLAH i say ! 
So driving home from reno today I say A semi With VOLVO on the front fender and I wondered ... How much did that sucker cost !!? 
Haven't been on in a while ... sorry ... My computer is picky about facebook .... blah 
haha YAY for hardly visiting facebook ! 
so ... english 101 ... not o fun . 
My life is an almost never ending ride in the fast < PROPFIRST > . When i do get a break , it's sleep haha . YAY for being busy ! 
So ... just met this kid at the park ... he thought we were his ride ... we weren't . then he asked if we knew where he could get weed ... we said no ... and then we left . quickly 
Yay for LAtin :D I just found out that ' man ' in latin is ' homo ' ... hehehehehe 
Because you are his cheese burger !!! his yummy cheese burger ... he'll wait for you . Oh he will wait for you !! 
The hottest love has the coldest end . Socrates 
has anyone else noticed that heart ( <3 ) and hate ( when read properly ) sound a lot a like .... I <3 you ... I hate you ... 
Death cannot stop true love . It can Only Delay it for a while .... I shall never doubt again . ~ Princess Bride ~ 
Dodgeball ?!? OH I got his ... I can dodge . I can catch ... now the only problem i have is throwing ... :\\ 
YAY FOR RENO TRIP !!! 
just found the best like ever ... It says :\ 
Age 3 boy kisses girl parents say \AWWWW\ " \ 
ATTENTION my color-guard girls : When you learn thriller tonight and tomorrow only go to video twenty . We'll repeat what we need to :D have fun ... 
LAJFOIAHOIJFAFANDFAUFAUTU ENGLISH 101 FALKJD FIOABAIVBUREAIBUTIOVUR !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
THAT WAS AWESOME !!!! i don't think I mind being a zombie every so often ... and no snide comments thank you . LOL If anyone got good pictures of that you should let me know so i can use them later :D 
guess what guy ... Oh < PROPFEMALE > , I'll be the earth , And the < PROPMALE > cried < PROPFIRST > ! some thing about < PROPMALE > love in a waltz , Sorida !! KY-RI-E !!!!! Bah hahahahah now you're going to be humming on of those tunes the rest of the night :D 
random fact : Rameses II had over 100 hundred children .... random thought ... Someone needs a new hobby . 
WOOO !!! NOw ... lets not sing for a day or two eh ? 
going to Reno tomorrow for a play ! AND IT\S MY B-DAY !!! WOO !!! " 
Thanks every one for the wishes of a great day ... so far it's proving to be one . the only thing i forgot this morning as i ran out the door was my < PROPFEMALE > . :/ Oh well . 
thanks to everyone for the lovely wishes :D They made me feel all special inside :D I had a great time at the play ... that is 2 land < PROPFIRST > birthdays that i have been in one of my favorite places :D the theater baby !!! hahaha . Everyone have a wonderful day and God Bless 
Sometimes I hate my life ... then i remember what i have and it's not so bad . 
So .... I love the A-team . And not the silly excuse for a movie but the old show with Mr. T :D 
SO Christmas is soon ... fun stuff ... my sinuses will make singing on christmas < PROPFEMALE > interesting ... Grr to you snottiness grr 
Cuz when push comes to shove you taste what you're made of . You might bend til you break cuz that's all you can take . on your knees you look up , decide you've had enough . You get mad . you get strong . Wipe your hands . Shake it off . Then you STAND . 
So .... I get to < PROPFEMALE > out with people until at least 12:01 am tomorrow . YAY ? 
OOOO Stuffed crust ... 
HI !!!! I was thinking of having a movie night at my house tonight .... We can watch the sound of music :D Say around 6:30 /7 ? I can make home popped popcorn .... It's yummy ... just text me or call if you want to come ... or comment on this :D 
How DO you solve a problem like < PROPFEMALE > ?? I'm going to have to do some thinking ... HMMmmm 
You and I wake up in jail together . Using only 4 words , what would you say to me ? Note : If you comment , you must copy and paste this to your status , so I may comment on yours as well . Be a good sport and play along , and 4 words might be hard but you can do it ! 
\itsa < PROPFEMALE > DADDEE !!! \ " Ah Draco ... you poor deprived soul . XD " 
I got accepted to Corbin University !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! WOOT ! 
Possibly accepted to < PROPFIRST>'s college of Colombia MO . Not a primary choice but still makes me feel good :D 
So i should be doing latin .... HA ! not happening ... til tomorrow . I swear ! 
Ah latin .... you torment me .. I know i should work on you but ... I'm too lazy ... 
You know what bothers me ? When people of the male persuasion say that Girls cause SOOOO much drama ... Because we really don't we had the drama already and we just inflate it . But boys ? They cause it , then bring it back , then add something else . And It gets to the point to where I'm almost positive I'm going to get a tumor or something . SO when you say Girls CAUSE drama I say BS ! 
I may not be the most beautiful or sexiest woman , nor do I have the perfect body . I may not be everybody's first choice , but I'm a great choice . I don't pretend to be someone I'm not , because I'm good at being me . I may not be proud of some things in my past , but I am proud of who I am today . So take me as I am , or watch me as I walk away . Post if you're proud of being you . Real women rock !!! 
Yay ! for Facebook at school ! XD English has restarted yay for extra time to get on the computer and waste time better spent looking up a topic ... 
Pretty sure I did awesome on my all-state Auditions !!! could be better but hey .... could have been SOOOOO much worse . 
ugh my head kinda hurts and I've done almost everything i can think of to make it stop ... blah ... 
What's on my mind ??? well lets see what's going through my head ... hmm ... i got nothing ... 
WARNING ! Facebook now automatically scans your brain through your monitor . To BLOCK THIS , go to kitchen & find a box of aluminum foil . Wrap foil around your head , stay calm & breathe through ONLY your left nostril . This is a serious problem and has been confirmed by my cousin's girlfriend's neighbor's son's baby's mama ... & her pet chihuahua . Copy/paste as your status & SAVE YOUR FRIENDS ! HURRY !!!!! 
Oh i have such a long day ahead of me ... school , voice lesson , then SOM practice . then homework . yay ?? 
Looking at old pictures makes me smile :D 
WAY TO GO HONOR BAND KIDS !!!! it was great ... prepare to be blackmailed with rather candid shots >:) 
SO ..... uhmm ... yeah . good night !!! 
Oh Super Bowl Commercials are wonderful !!!! AH HAHAHAHAHA 
This cheese head is suddenly very happy :D 
Not sure my idea is going to work for eng . 102 ... oh well . 
OMG !!!! I forgot about the movie Pebble and the Penguin until I watched it with Taj ... I LOVE that movie ... how could i ever forget it ?? 
Every time i decide to go peruse his picture i see his smile and fall into those eyes and remember the music that flowed from those finger ... and I realize that as ridiculous as it is .... I love him .... which is also super weird and probably a lot stalkerish ... but i don't care because he-is-BEAUTIFUL ! 
SKI TRIP TOMORROW !! and all weekend ! yay ! shopping trip and hockey to :D \ 
\ 
P.S. i think i done chipped < PROPFEMALE > favorite tooth !!!! 
I would like my Facebook friends to comment on this status , sharing how you met me . But I want you to LIE . That's right , just MAKE IT UP . After you comment , copy this to your status , so I can do the same . I bet half won't read the instructions right . :) 
OH play . Thou weret fun but now i am exhausted !! I didn't want to go to school either . darn you English 102 ... you ruin everything !!! haha 
Dear Scholarship People\ 
I hate essays that have to be written for scholarships . I really don't care about half of the topics you throw at me . I'd rather be honest about it than BS my way through it . If you want to give me an essay , please give me an interesting topic . Not something that is going to make me angry or put me to sleep . \ 
Signed \ 
The girl who is loosing < PROPFEMALE > with pointless essays . 
Got a II on my Solo yesterday !!!! Super stoked :D 
OH Library how i love thee ! haha . such fun and quiet :D and silly people 
You and I wake up in a psychiatric < PROPMALE > together . Using 4 words , what would you say to me ? Note : If you comment , you must copy and paste this to your status , so I may comment on yours as well .. Be a good sport and play along ... 4 words is harder than you think 
got internet on my phone now !!!! yayness ! 
at a hockey game .... lots of people are falling down ... more often than is usual i think ... oh well :) 
yay for writting a play in drama :/ ... haha at least we are getting some where 
OH proficiencies how I love thee !!! As long as i don't have to take them that is ... yay for 2 half days of school ... hehehe 
I was just checking my e-mail ... i got some weird ones from a person that I'm not sure what to think of them ... 
having fun at musical practice ... as usual !!! ahhahahahhaha . 
I'm super confused now ... my heart has no idea what the heck is going on here ... definitely confused . And then they wonder why i don't want a relationship ?? Ugh .. I don't know if i can do this anymore . 
bahahaha figured it out !!! 
great concert !! got a cd ... gonna listen to it now ... yeah ... :D 
heard a story at church yesterday ;\ 
the Sunday school teacher was talking about Jesus and his disciples . Jesus asked them a question and < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > answered . the teacher asked the kids ( who were from about k-4 i think ) who answered Jesus . none of the children replied . the teacher told them it was < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > . one of the little girls who'd had her head on the table popped up and said < PROPFIRST > Bieber !!! 
it's so cold ... taj and shai and i are huddled under at least 3 blankets ... we made a little cave . but of course aunti < PROPFEMALE > is too big for it ... dang it !!! 
Just ran into the door to my parent's bedroom . OUCH ! didn't know that was closed . wanted to show mom pictures ... in the dark it just looks like more dark ... nope . it's wood ... and it hurts ... quite a bit . just so you're all aware . 
So .... I got nothing ... my mind ... is sleepy today ... :D 
JUst picked up my prom dress from the post office ... Came home to an empty house and put it on .. ran around laughing like crazy ... I love it .. I'm IN LOVE with it ... so glad i got it ! AHHHHHHHHHHHHHH :D :D :D :D 
Popped my neck this morning and pinched a nerve ... now it hurts like heck to turn my head to the right ... OUCH ! dislike 
