why can't I ever have a happy ending :/ 

Trying to force myself to sleep before i work this overnighter ahh ! 
soOo freakin tired & work at 5am but its my friday !! 
she always wakes up with the biggest smile ready to play ! I wish I could wake up in that good a mood every day lol 
gotta work tonight ... ah ! I guess I'll take a nap . 
time to get ready for work ... * sigh * 
I have soooo much baby stuff to get rid of any one kno someone who needs stuff for a baby girl hit me up !! lol 
My baby girl started crawling today !! <3 \ 
She is the most amazing baby ever lol 
my baby girl started crawling today !! \ 
:)) 
on my way to tempe for assistant manager manager meetings ... blah ... 
my baby girl is 7 months today , time goes by so fast !! i love my beautiful little princesss <3 
finally home from work ughh don't drive on the freeway at 8am it took me an hour to get here !! 
gunna go dress up and then dress up the baby and go visit daddy !! 
half unconsciously making the baby a bottle = BIG MESSY MESS lol 
off to work !! 
Ughhhhh I hate my blackberry piece of caca ! 
jersey shore is hilarious !!! 
Thank God today is my Friday ! & I switched shifts so I can sleep in :) I got yelled at by too many customers yesterday hopefully today the jerks will stay home lol 
I keep having dreams about this person ... I don't even know who it is , but its the same person every time .. how wierd !! 
I love it how at 3am she instead of sleeping she just wants to play lol 
I AM SO TIRED ! 
Today is a very big day for me , wish me luck !! 
baby is sound asleep so precious ... would I be crazy if I said I want one more ??! lol .... hmmm .... 
i gotta say , all the shit i put up with every day is worth it when i get a fat check like the one i just got paid ... hehehe :p 
It feels like the road is a river and my car us a boat ! lol 
going to the gym today ... about time !! 
hitting the gym right now gotta push myself even tho I'm super lazy today ! 
so many things to do .. not enough time .. or money ! 
I like it on the floor 
its my day off , but gotta wake up early , boo ! where does all the time go ? 
so I'm sitting outside the court room bored waiting for < PROPFIRST > and I see chely ! how do u kno we come from the hood ? when ur at court and run into old homies ! haha ! 
off to the gym !! 
that was a good workout ! I feel awesome ! :D 
let us stay young or let us live forever ? 
I miss my JS friends ... when are we having a reunion ?! 
cant sleep :/ \ 
txt me ? 
I'm < PROPFEMALE > tired ... back to work today 
I need an energy drink ... 
I want a tattoo . 
cant sleep again :/\ 
wats wrong wit me ! \ 
i need a fix .. 
getting ready for work ... thinking of going back to school but how can I with my awful schedule ?? 
take a dirty picture for me ? 
there has to be more to life ... what am I missing ? 
watching twilight eclipse , I forgot how much I love this story ! 
goood morning !!!! whats for breakfast ?!?! 
so sick ... just called into work . 
I'm gunnl 
i wanna go to the gym today .... but i don't feel like going by myself !! 
Tacos <3<3<3 
lots to do today ... never enough time ! 
wow I really hate my schedule ! wish I had more time to just stay home with my baby ! 
thss iss gabbs cousinn xD , savee thaa < PROPFEMALE > <3 < PROPFEMALE > s ;) 
its been a long night and day time to go to bed finally ! 
Who's going to the QT picnic tomorrow ???? 
I'm extremely depressed with life right now ... not a single friend to turn to ... 
hopefully i will wake up in 3 hours for work ... 
Life's a beach and I'm playing in the sand . 
what is a good movie i can watch right now on netflix ?? 
fake friends = poop ! 
its been a busy and stressful week , but i finally have the day off tomorrow !! gunna hit the gym and then spend some quality time with my lito family . 
new phone ! I need phone < PROPFIRST > ! 
there are so many rude people at the store I work at I think its cursed ! 
medical marijuana was legalized , finally !! 
I've been slacking on going to the gym lately ... I need a < PROPMALE > who can go to the gym with me ! 
I wish we were still friends ... just because life moved on why did all my friendships get left behind ? :( 
I need a < PROPFEMALE > night ! 
getting ready for work .. not enough sleep .. I need caffeine ! 
my freakin car won't start ... I need a jump ... but there's nobody who can give me one .. I'm stranded ! 
good morning ! getting ready for work I hope it will be a good day .. I'm gunna try super hard to be extra nice to everybody especially the ppl who aren't so nice and not let it blow up like it did last weekend ! man that guy was a jerk ... lol 
wow I just realized , baby girl just turned 10 months ! time for birthday planning :) 
tomorrow is my friday , I want margaritas !! 
so I got yelled at like 5 times today by ppl who wanted to buy 4lokos . really ?! those things were deadly ! lol 
omg I have to go shopping !! 
I'm not gunna live to please you , what's the point of living if I'm not living for myself ? 
its so cold !! 
I sooo need to quit slacking and get back to the gym ! 
downloading some new songs then i will be off to work out ... 
I hate it when everything goes wrong all at once ... 
apartment searching , hopefully it goes well ; I need to reconstruct my living situation . 
watching Baby Boy 
laying down with my baby girl going mimis <3 
I'm not sure if I'm hungry or if I just think I'm hungry cuz I'm bored ... 
I'm awesome !!! Now I need a redbull .... 
soooo my grandmas friends came to visit ... and they are sooo annoying ... the are playing with my baby like shes a cabbage patch doll ... i just wanna take her and run !! lol 
i did shitty things in the past but that doesnt make me a shitty person ! it makes me a human being who makes mistakes then learns from them and moves on ... 
baby girl has her first cold :( 
what a day ... time for bed ! 
its gunna be a long night I can already tell ! 
I work on Christmas ! but its okay for $25 an hour ! :D 
I have NO energy for today :( 
I made it through the day !! And I'm still awake enough to play with baby girl for a while :) i bought her a kitchen !! lol 
i wish i could talk to someone but this is just one of those things you have to keep to yourself .. :( 
man who's making tamales I want some !! 
so happy I finally got some tamales and they were bomb ! lol 
my baby girl does the funniest things , she's just amazing . she's the best present I could ask for , I'm blessed ! 
wow ... someone died right in front of my store 
I think I'm gunna puke ... 
I hurt . I can't sleep . I need some cookies and milk . 
my baby says momma <3 
what to do today .... I wana go somewhere ! its payday ! 
the one way my life has c < PROPFEMALE > ed since I had a baby is that all my \friends\ " are no longer my friends . even the ones I tried keeping in touch with never replied to my messages and moved on with their lives . I never have any one to talk to . nobody to go out with and have fun with . all I do now is work and stay home . the only person I < PROPFEMALE > out with is my babys dad . I'm so bored and tired of it . I want to have a life ! " 
time to get ready for work , oh joy ! :p 
got some good news at work , movin on up :) 
grrr it won't even start now . good thing I have money saved , I need this fixed asap ! 
i get to sleep in this weekend ! go in at 1pm instead of 5am ! yayy ! 
walking my ass to the store , baby daddy should be doing this ! >:( 
I try to be nice to everybody , even if ur a stranger , I'd be ur friend . its too bad that nice people get shitted on ! what's the point . and yet I'm still nice to u ! cuz I believe in < PROPFEMALE > . 
sick :( 
baby girls 1st birthday is in 2 weeks !! i'm throwing a party !! pinatas and cake !! whoot whoot ! lol 
Life is like a confused teacher ... first she gives the test and then teaches the lesson . 
You have to risk going too far to discover just how far you can really go . 
so I can't fix my car . I'm just going to sell it and buy a new one ! 
Life's story is as quick as the wink of an eye ... love's story is merely hello and goodbye ... until we meet again ... 
Did you hear about the < PROPFEMALE > that grew from a crack in the concrete ? Proving nature's laws wrong , it learned to walk without having feet . Funny , it seems to by keeping it's dreams ; it learned to breathe fresh air . Long live the < PROPFEMALE > that grew from concrete when no one else even cared . 
10 hour shift today after pulling an allnighter can I do it ??? : ? 
I need a hurrcutt . 
You have your way . I have my way . As for the right way , the correct way , and the only way ... they don't exist . 
I wanna do something different . Get a < PROPMALE > make over . And go somewhere I've never been before . Meet new people . I'm just feening for something NEW . 
baby girl finally walked on her own ! this is a beautiful day ! 
start at my new store today i'm so nervous !!!!!! 
just got off work , wow I hope I never have motor oil the floors again !! 
happy 1st birtday to my beautiful baby girl < PROPFEMALE > , I can't believe how this 1 year has changed my life . I love u more than anything ! 
going for a walk to the park to see the duckies :D 
For everything you have missed , you have gained something else , and for everything you gain , you lose something else . 
if u say ur going to help someone and do them a favor , do it out of kindness . don't be an ass hole and make them feel like a burden or hold it against them later . I'll walk home next time , thanks though . 
pretty much babysitting the store cuz there are no people ! I need entertainment . 
thank u to everyone who came and brought gifts :) 
Determined to have a life better than you could imagine , and I owe it all to the ones who keep doubting me . 
Life is like a mirror , we get the best results when we smile at it . 
Being real is like being a lady ... if you have to tell people you are ... you aren't . 
Don't go through life ... Grow through life . 
I just got harrassed by a bum 
I wana go shopping but I dnt have a car grrrrrr :( 
Anytime you're afraid to try some new shit ... just remember , amateurs built the ark , professionals built the Titanic . 
bored bored bored . 
Today feels like its gonna be great . But then again I haven't slept so maybe its still yesterday .. 
aint it funny how < PROPFEMALE > has a way of remembering ? weeks , months , years later , it never forgets . everything you do will come back to you , and for every moment you've been in the dark , you will have your moment to shine . 
no offense to anyone , but why do black people always think shits cuz they're black ? 
i love my crazy little monster and her funny little personality :) 
There are many things in life that will catch your eye , but only a few will catch your heart ... pursue those . 
hope that today is better than yesterday ! 
I don't know how I'm still so tired , I've been sleeping since 5 ! I feel like a zombie ... no energy for life today ! 
just spent too much money on stuff I don't really need , but who cares ? It makes me feel good ! lol 
Sun Chips are fuckin incred . 
it's payday :) 
gettin tatted today for the first time ! 
SO sore ... time for bed xO 
When and where did we meet ? 
I want it ALL , that's why I strive for it . 
how did I end up right here with you ? After all the things that I been through ... it's been one of those days , you try and forget about it , take a shot and let it out ... 
time is money , let's spend it together :) 
Be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind . 
There is no < PROPFEMALE > without a Night , No Victory without a Fight . There's no Rainbow without the Rain & No Happiness without Pain . 
fill in the blank . Gaby Martinez is ___________ . 
black and yellow , black and yellow :D 
Life ... a little work , a little sleep , a little love and it's all over . 
When a man complains that a lady has no heart , it's pretty certain that she has his . 
