back from camp 

taking my dog for a walk bbl 
im confused a bit 
if i let go of my head itll fly away spinning out of control and i really dont feel like losing my head .. ppl should really stop making it worse 
saxophone lessons soon 
bored 
won $27 in bunco 
broed 
anyone wanna do something < PROPMALE > .? 
reading 
drying off 
moms birthday cake 
bored txt 
huh ? 
what to do 
i dont feel good 
night text 
just got back from saxophone lessons 
off 
byebyes 
night 
getting tired 
practice soon 
practice 
i feel like annoying ppl for fun 
does it bug anyone else that they changed the spelling of the abbreviation of the words science fiction from scifi to syfy ? 
u know what i give up imma go to sleep i guess ill try again later 
briannas party < PROPMALE > . still gotta grab her present before i go tho 
still up =D 
night finally still not tired but noones on anymore so im getting bored 
ew . tomorrows the last day of freedom . 
a pot of gold is a toilet full of leprachaun poop 
girlscouts soon 
byebye summer =[ school < PROPMALE > . 
byebye summer =[ school tom ... night night 
the first day of school went by fast 
shower 
i have the song ' just the way you are ' stuck in my head 
random 
why does my foot fall asleep so fast ? 
bored . band soon . 
homework .. yuck 
i have the new halloween band song for the parade stuck in my head 
left my phone in school 
english homework 
math homework .. season premiere of bones is on tonight 
BONES !!!! =D 
taking random quizzes 
dinner 
geometry homework . y do teachers decide to give u homework on ur busy days instead of ur free days ?? 
watching the new bones .. james bond 
we won the game , movie night was fun , night 
rain =D 
finally dug out my costume and just in time for the parade tonight 
report time for the parade soon 
night .. dad being gay 
just got back from nicas party 
going to bris 
stuff 
night homecoming < PROPMALE > . 
felling sick =[ 
watching transformers 2 
shower time 
headache 
2 tests < PROPMALE > . but on the bright side theyre gonna be pretty easy 
going to play later 
heading to movies to see old dogs with the family 
sore throat 
schools block down 
neck hurts 
on my new laptop 
cleaning room . its my goal to get it clean before new yrs 
Happy new years everybody ! 
saxophone lessons 
night .. going to bed .. softball workouts tomorrow 
i have no ideas for the stupid < PROPFEMALE > tale that we have to write for english 
finally figured out an idea for my < PROPFEMALE > tale im going to write mrough draft while watching idol .. simons quitting after this season now too .. no more reason to watch it after this season .. its rigged anyway 
my story is coming together .. im having more fun with this then i thought i would =D 
a girl plowed me over at fh and my right ribs have been hurting ever since .. i hope theyre only bruised 
gonna take a nap and try to catch up on my sleep 
night .. gonna try and sleep 
annoyed with aim 
tis a lot of new episodes of my shows on tonight 
watching the grammys 
i got my new glassess 
i miss elementary school 
superbowl sundayyy .. colts vs saints .. gonna eat french toastt 
watching this is it 
no school < PROPMALE > . 
ghostbusters ! 
olympiacksonsistrophogusesinksi .. haha im bored =P 
gonna write my gothic tale for english .. i have too many ideas for it so i think im gonna combine it all together 
whenever i see those red < PROPFIRST > commercials i automatically say yummm .. i dont even think about it anymore .. i never even been there 
< PROPMALE > gump is on ! 
AIM is annoying 
does anyone want to help me kill the creators of aim ? 
gonna let my computer get some sleep so that it might work right tomorrow .. ugh im beginning to HATE technology .. well the computer technology at least . 
i bet our goalie is beating himself up for losing .. i hate that feeling of blowing it under all the pressure after a game .. and this is an olympic game yet too 
im officially 15 
mini golf later 
this mets game is taking FOREVER 7 hrs of baseball is just too much baseball 
i cant breath through my nose .. and i cant stop coughing .. i hate being sick 
flyers really came back .. nerveracking game 
printer + my laptop = not compatible\ 
my project + the normal computer = messed up completely\ 
my project + school computer = no color 
iron man 2 later with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > 
yuck . gotta do career project , laundry , and have to study this weekend . bright side is 7 days left of school . bad side is still have finals . 
holy crap . idk what i did but i fixed the demented network that wasnt allowing anyone on the computer in my house . i got the internet network working again !!!!! 
bored . log onto computer . bored still . log off . STILL NOTHING TO PREVENT BOREDOM ! 
fun day today . the next three days are gonna go sooo slooww .. then gotta get wisdom teeth out .. ill be hopped up on pills and all puffy for the start of my summer .. lol 
tonight was fun . burn papers burn . lol absolutely have to do that again . next time we're using my poker chips . we'll be playing forever then . last day tomorrow ! 
i need real food . 
how come the puffiness starts on the day after the teeth come out ? 
now i know why ppl use the expression snailmail and decide to email instead of writing letters .. when is that darn mailman coming ? 
mail came . my schedule didnt . guess ill get it monday ? 
does it make sense to have 4 computers in one house but only one of them functioning ? 
i think i need to learn to follow my own advice and use logic that i keep telling everyone else to use cuz i dont like turning into a hypocrite 
as much as i dislike < PROPFIRST > beiber i have one of his stupid songs in my head cuz my little cousin loves him and shes just too cute singing along 
i really shouldnt watch a creepy movie alone 
roasting smores 
gotta pack tomorrow for trip 
gotta start packing .. txt me so i wont be completely bored 
clams are gooood 
my brother acts like a 4 yr old . i swear . he just squirted water on me and my computer using a shrek face squirter thing . why does he act like this ? hes older then me shouldnt he be acting more mature ?.. ugh i cant wait for camp 
sometimes i wish certain ppl couldnt read my status that way i could say whats really on my mind without having to worry 
im tired but i cant fall asleep .. and i keep hearing the ice cream truck music .. ugh .. i gotta fall asleep . 
playing ring the bull 
i need meadow tea . badly . theres too much soda and slushys at this place my stomach is going all funky . 
lol now my mom knows how us kids feel during the school year 
marching band tonight .. schools out but yet its already starting again .. this summers gonna go by fast 
anyone know if we need our instruments tonight ? 
new haircut =] 
gotta pack tomorrow . camp sunday . =] 
Counselor In Training camp sunday .. cant wait =] still gotta pack .. should prolly get some sleep awhile before the early camp mornings .. night 
going to see the grown ups 
i gots purple toenails !! camp tomorrow also = 
i get my procrastination from my mom and my impatientness from my dad 
glad to be home .. too much stuff ive missed using .. like a flush toilet and a shower with good water .. going back sunday 
going back to camp today .. well that weekend went fast 
= back from camp .. leaving again to go back again sunday but gotta go early this week cuz im officially a < PROPMALE > counselor ( finallyy ) 2 more weeks left 
back to camp again .. 2 weeks left then home for good 
< PROPFEMALE > on the meadow .. bugs in our ears .. smoke in our eyes , wetwood and tears .. up on the meadow water somewhere .. with you my friend i am their . 
1 more week of camp .. omg those kids take sooo much energy out of you 
yummm foood from home 
gotta go back to camp again tomorrow ( for the last time this summer ! ) idk if im happy or sad that its over already .. but it does mean we're already halfway through summer .. ugh 
leaving again for camp soon .. last week ! 
home for good from camp .. =[ .. now its finally the 2nd half of summer which means i actually have to do stuff 
my internet went out AGAIN . i thought it was over this problem 
txt or message me if u wanna talk .. realllly boredd 
internets back ! 
i always do the right thing by the end 
i love watching storms 
watching secondhand lions 
bored to death .. anyone wanna do anything ? 
headed to bris later .. 2 days down of band camp .. 2 more to go .. and we learned 8 of thirtysomething pages ?.. funn days for tomorrow and thursday i guess =/ lol 
marching band tan for saxophones doesnt just include the shorts and shirts but also the neckstraps .. ive got a reallly wierd tan 
i hate ppl that are so full of crap that they dont even care or know when other ppl try to help and they treat them like crap 
at the leesport farmers market with my parents 
bedtime .. beach for the day tomorrow =] 
to the beach ! 
GPS's are stupid .. regular old maps are better 
everything about jersey sucks .. the ppl .. the roads .. the weather .. no signs .. too many tolls .. idiot drivers .. my moms becoming nuts 
busy and loonngg day .. going to bed .. fh tomorrow and briannas birthday party 
the decisions been made .. whats done is done .. im sorry but i needed it to be done .. it wasnt fair 
i just saw a direct tv blimp flying over the river ! 
finally going to bed even though im not tired .. shopping tomorrow(or i guess today ) with ashley .. then idk what else .. cant believe school starts monday already 
ugh . i hate that tomorrows the last day of summer .. yayy . = 
its officially the last night of summer .. where'd all the time go ?.. school tomorrow 
easy to wake up .. hard to move 
I have wipeout stuck in my head 
i havent been bowling in forever of course ill suck what do you expect 
beat everyone at bowling .. so much for me stinking .. guess it was just the warmup game .. going to ashleys 
a person can only take and forgive so much until things need to change 
heating up leftover kfc .. so basically all the mash potatos and 3/4s of the < PROPMALE > and cheese .. =] yummm 
for once i had a productive weekend =] .. school tomorrow .. =/ oh well i guess ill get used to it 
just spent the last hour studying for my elements test in chem . i think i might do pretty well considering the ones i already knew and the ones my mom made up stupid but funny sayings for 
better get some sleep .. long long loonngg day tomorrow .. then gonna make up all that sleep saturday finally 
going to bed .. dont feel well but am gonna go to softball workouts tomorrow anywayss = 
Sick = ugh i hate it 
why do ppl walk away after they ask you a question and you start to answer them ? its pointless 
srsly . only the good die young has to come on the radio right when we're talking about marching band .. of course lol 
im going to a haunted penetentiary on shortbus 13 ! 
does anyone who has blanchard for honors know how to do the last problem on the new challenge problem worksheet ? 
this is why i try to stay out of things .. so much for my drama free year .. oh and its only halfway through first quarter ! this is gonna be such a great year .. ugh =/ 
dinnerr =] yumm 
going to get my new phone .. finally 
homework time .. bones is on as well =D .. got my new phone 
finallyy .. done with lab report .. i really dont like writing about chemistry .. the experiments i dont mind tho 
Taking < PROPMALE > for a walk 
Hayride/Barn tonight with ppl 
finallly im able to put my hair in a ponytail again 
anyone know if we have to wear our band shirts tonight for the powederpuff game ? 
Homecoming was fun .. feet are killing me tho .. and the phillies have to win 
We .. lost .. to the giants no less .. at our own field .. how ? 
Its the great pumpkin , < PROPFIRST > brown ! Haven't seen it in forever 
With everything that goes on between everyone it's no wonder why I think I'm going to end up being a therapist .. might as well start practicing early 
Going to bed 
anyone know what to put down for number 3 on our lab report for dr. kroa ? 
Big ticket then bed .. last games finally over .. only 2 more seasons left .. hs really does go fast 
I swear guys have a time of month as well .. at the least the guys in my family do 
We all live in a yellow submarine 
This day is dragging on foreverr .. whyy 
Anyone who's auditioning for districts know where we go when we're at gov mifflin ? And did mr lucky say it our time was at 715ish ??? 
male in italian means evil . in croatian means small . and latin means wrong . lol i should prolly go to bed sometime soon .. but im too awake for that .. sooo bored 
< PROPMALE > =] some things just never get old even if you've known them by heart for years 
off to georgia .. night 
10 minutes into a 12 hour car ride and already dad is smoking .. this is going to be a loongg car ride .. ugh 
Leopolds ice cream .. yummmm .. I'm filled up for the night .. rehearsal dinner tomorrrow 
I have a samurai swordd ! =] 
It would not be a wedding if something didn't go wrong 
What a trip to < PROPFEMALE > its been 
I see snow ! It's 18 degrees driving on a mountain in < PROPFEMALE > 
Home .. finally ! 
I see a herd of ten dear .. and one of the babies is standing on its hind legs trying to reach a treebranch to eat 
yumm chicken and broccoli .. the only chinese food i like =] 
i just noticed that < PROPFEMALE > called vixen a girl .. \she\ " has antlers so wouldn't it make her a he ? you'd think < PROPFEMALE > would know his reindeer's genders " 
Finally I get to see the new < PROPMALE > potter 
Why did the chicken cross the road ? my answer : so it could become kfc 
bed . baking christmas cookies tomorrow =] yummm 
Dutch meatballs are looking good .. hopefully the rest of the group will like them 
christmas cookies =] yumm 
Got all of my christmas wrapping done =] .. for once I didn't wait to do it .. 4 days til christmas 
Feel like I'm getting sick =[ .. ugh yet another christmas being sick 
< PROPFEMALE > christmas < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > rybody .. have a good break =] 
Everythings finally wrapped and under the tree .. it only took til christmas < PROPFEMALE > to actually do it .. merry christmas to all and to all a good night 
1st day of christmas down .. one more to go .. let's hope there's a lot less sneezing in it for me tomorrow 
Both days of christmas down .. now all I have to do is get over this stupid cold .. I have yet to have a healthy day of break so far 
To stop my foot from shaking I'm eating fritos .. why does this have to take so longgg 
Everybody . All day . Yelling at me .. I didn't even DO or SAY anything 
why ? how on earth did i poke my own eye on accident ? am i that stupid not to notice that i was close to doing that until AFTER i poked it ? maybe its trying to tell me its my cue to go to bed .. guess i better listen to it now before i get the next one .. then ill be blind lol .. and i have no clue why i keep rambling tonight 
watching wipeout .. funniest thing i ever watched 
My mom and I got my dog to wear an eagles jersey .. being a dog and all he couldn't wear number 7 but . He's wearing a jersey 
Come on eagles .. this is not the way to play a playoff game .. it is definitly the worst time to be off on your game 
Come on eagles you're cutting it close 
Interception in the endzone against the eagles .. what a way to end the game .. ugh . 
It does not feel like a friday 
Ah .. such a simple night .. internet doesn't work and moms trying to hook up the dvd player cuz the other one didn't work 
Why won't these hiccups just go away already 
To walmart to freeze my butt off while selling cookies 
Making cookies 
I feel like I had such a productive snow day for once and there's still time left in the day 
organizing the gs cookies so i know what i need to take to school tomorrow to give ppl 
I have everyones cookies I'm bringing them tomorrow so whoever didn't pay bring the money or else no cookies for you . 
for the people who ordered cookies from me i kind of have to many to fit in my locker so it would be much appreciated if you would visit me by the office tomorrow morning so i can give them to you cuz i cant go find you in the morning 
say bye to our break with all these snow days .. now we're going to have to be in school over the nice days instead of the yucky days .. i'd rather have off on a < PROPFEMALE > day then a day like this 
who all knows if they can do that PFEW thing over the summer ? 
wear purple tomorrow for teen dating violence awareness week .. and gs dont forget to wear purple and bring our shirts tomorrow for the picture 
I HATE BIRDS . 
okay it is not the steelers night tonight with all these penalties 
holy crap packers .. 3 touchdowns in 1 half and nothing except a field goal for the steelers .. the steelers are so off and the packers are pumped up .. its gonna be a blowout .. packers gonna win 
why does word not work on the only computer that the printer is hooked up to .. ugggh .. either fix word so it works or figure out how to connect the laptops to the printer already . 
normally i dont post these statuses but why not :\ 
Valentines Day is coming up , copy this on your status and see what you get ? \ 
INBOX ONLY (: \ 
Gold - Be my valentine ? \ 
Red - I used to like you\ 
Orange - will you be mine ? \ 
... Yellow - I think you're cute . \ 
Green - I want to get to know you better\ 
Purple - I love you\ 
Pink - I want a kiss 
Visiting my baby cousin 
Ugh .. I can't sleep 
some likes you have to read the whole link to understand lol 
Glad I wasn't in school today . People are just idiots . 
accidentally burnt my thumb .. now it feels wierd .. 
omg .. i just saw the pics of my brother at the game last night on the reading eagle website .. lol 
Mom : hey turn off the movie so we can watch the rest of the titanic it should be at the good part by now . The boat should be sinking Me : hey look you were right 
I don't see any cars on the road at all .. too early 
Bath time for baby 
People believe what they want to believe : in the pretend realities that make them happy 
just got an acceptance email from PFEW for week 3 .. who's all going that week ? 
Okay .. so what is the point of making a phone case for a certain type of phone .. and it still doesn't fit correctly and falls off every time the phone moves ? 
I hate being sick 
The birds chirping I can handle .. what I can't stand is my dad nonstop whistling to the birds trying to get them to talk 
the < PROPFEMALE > on idol is trying to dance . 
blueberry 
I was going to go to bed early tonight .. get a good nights sleep and actually be able to get up for jazz band .. but no . I guess it can't happen . Not even once 
Watching cats on vhs .. that's right going back to the old days 
Tonight was funn . I should < PROPFEMALE > out with them more often . Let's sing ! Shut up you sound horrible ! Have to do it again sometime . tired .. bedtime 
Home .. sick again .. this time with the stomach flu .. yay .. 
Why do I have to get the stomach bug right when softball season starts ? Ughhh .. 
104 degree fever .. it better go down by tomorrow 
Dizzy .. feels like a naptime .. 
apparently.my parents almost forgot to tell me that while I was at girlscouts there was a fire in the basement .. no damage except a loss of a towel but its okay ? 
My 3 month old baby cousin is going to be the only white boy that can dance .. he's < PROPFEMALE > adorable 
criminal minds soon ! its gonna be good .. but a little bummed its prentiss's last episode .. J.J. comes back for this episode though =] 
< PROPMALE > . Study hall . fcs . Boredd 
Perfect weather for softball =] game at boyertown 
I have laces imprinted on my right hand and a bruise on my middle finger .. but I hit a double and scored a run so I'm okay with it =] 
Just got home from museum patrol .. dead tired .. gonna watch < PROPMALE > potter weekend while I'm trying to fall asleep 
Lot of knitting to do for < PROPMALE > class .. boringg even though < PROPMALE > potter is on 
Anyone know which periods eliminated tomorrow ? 
knitting and ( unfortunately ) watching glee .. there's nothing on on tuesdays . 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST>'s improv-a-ganza .. same thing as whose line soo .. why'd they cancel the original in the first place if they were just going to redo it ?.. stupid people . 
For being a Friday this day sure is going slow 
Game starts in a half hr and the bus driver is still lost .. wtf 
I see the school ! Finallyyy .. only got 15 mins though 
Gs sleepover tonight at the historical society .. I'm gonna be dead tired tomorrow again 
yuummmm .. cupcakess .. =] 
studying the driving < PROPMALE > again 
Passed my permit test ! On the 1st try too =]]] 
My mom took me out driving earlier =] 
Was driving again tonight =] did pretty good 
We won the game =] hands freezingg .. using the cars heated seats to warm them up 
Killed themm .. I hit a homerun =]] now I need to hit more this season 
