happy happy new year !!! Yayyyyyyyy !!!!!! 

Does anyone want to smoke some pot ? I don't get my monthly infusion of cash till tomorrow . stupid holiday . 
Does anyone have a cigarette ? 
You know , dry drunks who think they're good people because they bounce from good woman who supports them to good woman who supports them are pathetic pieces of sanctimonious garbage . Especially if they spent their fatherly years beating their children and letting them know how useless they think they are . The more you know , right ? 
I swear , the woman is like a middle aged chihuahua with dementia . Just wish i could .... I don't know , kick her or something . Drunken hillbilly women suck , no matter how old or young . Funny how they seem to band together in certain areas , like chardon rd in euclid . Its like a wasted retard finishing school . ( just another fun fact brought to you by REALITY ) aaaand goodnight . 
Blah . 
Nicotine . Is . Necessary . That is all . 
Black Hole-Haiku \ 
\ 
Life revolves faster\ 
Spinning straight into the void\ 
Unrecognizable\ 
I don't know if that last line is 5 syllables or 6 . But I don't care . 
i drank ..... like , three bottles of sake .... i'm too drunk to type ..... i took like 2 minutes typing this .. 
I lead a very interesting life ...... if it were anyone else , I don't think they'd handle it half as well .. 
Waiting waiting waiting waiting ........ 
I finally cleaned our bedroom !!! omg . floor ! tomorrow : laundry . these last couple weeks have been crazy . 
this is so frustrating ..... why do all these games require you to spam your friends ? ( the worst part is they're so addicting , you want to ..... 
ordered my textbooks ...... i'm getting kind of excited . college , here I come . 
I actually really love college . 
I am so fucking sick of trailer trash hillbillies . Or people who want nothing more for their life than to be attached to one . Why are people so stupid ? They want so badly an easy life that they jump at the first opportunity , that really ends up being ten times as much trouble . I swear I hope he kills her . Then they'd both be where they deserve . A cemetery and jail . 
yayyyyyyyyy i have a pink laptop ^_^ 
< PROPFIRST > daniels sauce .... yummy 
what a fucking draught . thank goodness its over ..... heeheehee I'm all by myself tonight ... and it feels sooooooooooo nice . 
So how about I found out today that my cousin got married . She didn't elope or anything , she just invited the whole family except me and my mom . I didn't think it would bug me this bad . 
Reading Paradise Lost ...... Its fantastic 
So .... um . yea . Memories . Coming back in 3D realvision . 
ooh . idea . i'll go in to school slightly later . that way i can take my bio test in the testing center . all i have to do is remember the class number . thank god this class is so easy . if it were any harder , i'd fail . Cause I never go , the teacher is like watching paint dry , but his syllabus is practically spoon fed to us . so thats what i'll do . all i gotta do is be done by one . so now i can sleep . 
egh ..... chinese food overload . 
Why is it that when I specifically ask someone to be nice to me , BECAUSE I DON'T FEEL GOOD , that they bait me until there's absolutely no < PROPMALE > of my feeling better . I said , please stop yelling . Not meanly . And here I am , missing class again because he wouldn't wait an extra five minutes for me to get dressed . my class doesn't even start for an hour . If I had a ride , I would be on time . I hate my life right now . 
useless people . 
I absolutely love the ignorance of most of those around me . Its infinitely entertaining 
did anyone know that they make cottonmouth reliever ? its called biotene . lmao 
.... This brick wall just won't submit to the inexorable force of my forehead ....... strange . I'll try again tomorrow . 
UGH ! 
I've just realized that I don't do things or talk to people because before I even do , I tell myself i'm not good enough to do it or that the person is better than me . Ugh . I could've made myself such a better situation . 
there is nothing to do at 4 am . 
I smoke two joints in the mornin ..... I smoke two joints at night . I smoke two joints in the afternoon , it makes me feel alright . I smoke two joints in time of peace , and two in time of war . I smoke two joints before I smoke two joints , and then I smoke two more . =) 
what a beautiful sunset ....... 
I am a ferryman , cradling damaged souls to a better place in an effort to repair my own ..... 
So why is it everyone I ever knew has a kid now ? My theory is we don't like condoms . 
I am so freaking pissed at myself . These journals suckkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk 
mmmmmm Lemon Cush ............ makes being up all night that much better . 
Happy halloween weekend , guys .... is anyone having a party ? or feels like going to bloodview with me tomorrow night ? 
Why is it , that the harder I try to be nice , the more I get screwed ? He told me he would be home .... Am I wrong for saying something at 1:30 in the morning , when he said he would be back right after the basketball game ? I feel so stupid . And ineffective . I mean , I can't even go buy a bottle of wine now . Not like he cares .... he barely knows whats going on , let alone if it'll hurt my feelings . I'm just so frustrated . 
mmm , sleep . 
phuck phuck phuck a duck , screw a kangaroo , sixty-nine a porcupine , orgy at the zoo .... hehe . 
omg so how about my cats are so smart . they're actually having a relay race . the lap ends when they flick the little spring doorstop behind my closet door . awesome . lol . 
all alone again ...... * sigh * 
ha ..... in people you may know , it just gave me the guy i lost my virginity to . hmm , i might know him ...... lmao . 
...... happy halloween ! 
Going to Bloodview !!!! yay ^_^ 
Bloodview rocked ! 
Twinkle twinkle , little bat .... How I wonder what you're at ? Up above the world you fly ...... Like a tea tray in the sky . 
So , is weed legal ? 
how can they say prop 19 failed when only 24% of precincts have responded back ? i mean , are they WILLING it to go wrong ? 
In < PROPMALE > , women are forbidden from wearing patent leather shoes , lest men see reflections of their underwear . ( this is a real law ! ) 
So my brand new , month old computer fucking crashed . Like , the lights are on but nobody's home vegetable kind of crash . I'm so mad . I need to go to best buy tomorrow and bitch until they replace it .... god knows if they dropped it or something . 
Took the POS comp back to best buy ..... now i've got party money for my birthday .... so thats good at least . lol . 
Snow .... lovely . I feel like its finally November . lol . And best buy refunded my computer , so that all worked out . Going to beachwood to get a birthday outfit when < PROPMALE > gets back with his mom . i'm actually happy the computer took a piss . now i can have a fun bday . 
Speaking of which .... i'm having a thing at my house next saturday night for my birthday .... if you wanna come , lemme know . its gonna be lotsa drunks , music , and food . 
Is it just me or is practically everyone's birthday in november ? 
My arm hurts from playing that just dance game ... wii sucks . 
sleep now . 
so i just saw like ten people i know at the fox and hound tonight . it was crazy . especially since i don't go to the fox and hound . 
drunnnnnnnnnkkkkkkk 
Why am I sober ? 
The coolest thing about tonight , honestly .... i'm actually memorable . I didn't have to remind anyone about who I was . I wasn't just some faceless girl .... I was me . And apparently , people liked me . Which completely blows my mind . And readjusts my perceptions of high school . 
I am me . 
sleeeeep ... but i'm not tired ..... 
Ugh . Just ugh . 
Delightful boredom ... 
Happy . Content . Thats so freaking weird . 
< PROPFEMALE > Sigh . 
Pure love is the most incredible gift you can ever give another in your life . Do it often . 
I hurt everywhere .... but at least i'm pretty sure I won't get kicked out of college . 
Having a birthday party tomorrow .... that is if anyone can actually go . if you're not doing anything and want to come , let me know . 
are we human , or are we dancer .... my sign is vital , my hands are cold .... and I’m on my knees looking for the answer . Are we human , or are we dancer ? 
C'est la vie ! Que sera , sera . Shit happens . 
is it just me or are the emoticons in the chat very ...... expressionless ? 
Yea , if you were gonna come to my house tonight for my birthday ..... I cant get anything together , no booze or anything , and no booze no fun .... so um , thanks anyway and never mind . 
I am so sick of this . every year , i try so hard to make my birthday nice , and now , as usual , im left with nothing . No party , no people , < PROPMALE>'s being an insecure ass , and im left holding the bag , also as usual . 
Its my birthday !!!! 
Embarassment . 
Ahh , sanity . Sweet sanity . 
Thank you everybody ! *^_^* 
So I was cleaning up after last night , and the weirdest thing came up missing . A picture of me and < PROPMALE > at Planet Hollywood that I keep next to the bathroom sink . Not the frame .... just the picture . And that makes me sad . 
Still weirded out about that picture ...... I mean , who the hell does that ? 
..... just contemplating the meaning of life and my place in it 
I ..... will continue to wonder about my missing picture and potential Voodoo casting stalker . And possibly lose sleep . Frigging creepy . 
Thank God ..... my dad said he'll take me to school tomorrow and < PROPMALE > to get a battery . 
I want to reconcile the violence in your heart .... I want to recognize your beauty's not just a mask ... I want to exorcise those demons from your past ..... I want to satisfy those undisclosed desires in your heart ...... I <3 muse 
I am just a worthless liar , I am just an imbecile . I will only complicate you , trust in me and fall as well ..... 
Oh my God ! The MARZIPAN is coming ......... * cringe * 
So the picture thing didn't wash ..... now i'm really sorta freaked out . No idea who fucking took it . Why do I have people at my house again ? 
She dreams in colors , she dreams in red ........ 
Ugh . Will this never end ? 
So my dad thinks he saw my cousin walking over by rainbow babies today . its so weird to even think of myself having a cousin ..... i haven't even talked to him since my 17th birthday . Sometimes I wish he was more familial . I always did think of him as an older brother . 
I hate people . I hate people . Why does he have to break the only phone we have ? The only real communication we have with anyone outside of this fucking apartment . I mean , I don't understand how someone's logic can fail to such an extensive degree that they would destroy the only way we talk to , well , ANYONE . I'm just so tired ..... 
blah . 
Getting a new phone ..... then just gotta transfer it to revol ...... should be the same phone number . 
.... Some will fall in love with life and drink it from a fountain that is pourin ' like an avalanche , comin ' down the mountain . I don't mind the sun sometimes , the images it shows , I can taste you on my lips and smell you in my clothes .... cinnamon and sugary and softly spoken lies ...... ( you never know just how you look through other people's eyes ) 
I need some < PROPFIRST > jane ......... * sigh * stupid car not working and phone contacts gone . HELP . 
It is absolutely the worst feeling in the world when you've got money in your hand , and there's nobody to call . * sigh * 
All I want is to not be sick . Just not be sick every day . I hope every day it stops , but it just gets worse . Its not normal . 
I need a ride to tri-c ! like now ....... Can anyone help me out ? I have a test in like 45 minutes , and my car is shit . 
Media critic Dafna Lemish , who has written about the influence of film\ 
and television on children , said , \By the time\ 
Question : do you believe that a corporation is subject to the same rules and regulations as the general public ? Meaning , if you were to steal a hotel bathrobe or pillow or similar , would you expect the same consequences ( legal and moral ) as you would if you had stolen the same items from a friends home ? I think not , and anyone who believes the opposite is a true and unequivocal sheep in the truest sense of the word . 
Going to my dads for a pre thanksgiving thanksgiving ..... this should be interesting . 
The wind is whistling so hard outside .... and im sooo happy im laying on the couch , watching tv , drinking a glass of wine and digesting . Ahhhhh thanksgiving . =D 
I wanna go back to sleep ...... till tomorrow . 
So my cat decided he's not gonna piss in the litter box anymore . Now i need a new mattress . I wonder if hes not trying to let me know something's wrong ..... 
All by myself ........ is anyone else as bored as I am ? 
Sleep . Sleeeeep . Are ya sleepin yet ? 
What the hell am I going to do about my English paper ? I have no idea what i'm going to write ten fucking pages on . And all I have to have is my sources and proposal tomorrow . W.T.F. 
AAAH ! I just found out my 14 < PROPFEMALE > paper is to be DOUBLE SPACED !!!!!! I win ! I winiwiniwiniwin !!!!!!!!! That seriously like , made my day . 
dances moronically around the computer lab until people start to stare ..... 
I know that . Just like I know the cricket who reads to me at night is totally stealing my jewelry . 
If anyone can procure for me some of my lil green friend , i'd be much obliged ....... ( just think , how desperate am I that i'm posting it on facebook . ) anyway , IM me or something . 
* sigh * 
Proposal : complete . now I have 6 days to write about 3 pages of work . DOUBLE SPACED ! * smirk * 
Ooooo ....... where do bad folks go when they die ? They don't go to heaven where the angels fly , go to a lake of fire and fry , see ' em again on the 4th of july ....... 
told you he'd do it . 
So our lamp fell on eriks face and broke out his tooth . now we have to find him a dentist . we both missed our math tests yesterday ... i just hope my teacher isnt sick of hearing excuses , because i genuinely couldnt make it to class . 
I've just realized i'm allergic to stupid . 
Whatever happened to Saturday night ? 
Stupid snow . Stupid broken car . 
I know a song that gets on everybody's nerves , everybody's nerves , everybody's nerves .... I know a song that gets on everybody's nerves and this is how it goes , bum bum bum ...... I know a song that gets on everybody's nerves ... and so on . 
The world seems so still when all is white .... 
Sitting outside in the snow in a bright red car . No , im not doing anythin wrong . Lol 
Multiple posts suck . 
Sometimes I wish I was a bird , so I could fly far , far away ...... 
Is an inmate at the tree trimming internment camp of euclid . Decorate ! Decorate until your hands fall off !!!! 
I swear , this couldn't get worse . The book I need to write my paper is sitting in my fucking car at the mechanics . and I don't get it back until 2 hours before its due . this so blows . 
Snow makes everything so quiet .... 
Thank God . I get to sleep tonight !!! There is nowhere I need to be until 2:15 tomorrow afternoon . Sweet release .... 
I mean , its great and all , but why just randomly decide to do it now ? 
I think tonight I need to relax . I'm so tightly wound lately I have no idea what to do when i'm not . So if you wanna < PROPFEMALE > out or meet up at the fox & hound later , drop me a line . 
Wooooooooosa . 
I think i'm sick . Someone bring me soup . 
Putting up the christmas tree *^_^* All the lights are red .... and we got ornaments from all over the place . I'm actually excited for Christmas . Yay . 
I feel like an actual adult . How strange . 
Waiting for inspiration for my paper .... 
My english class is over . now on to math . i hate math . math sucks . 
A haiku ..... \ 
Snow falls to the earth\ 
A blanket of white silence\ 
Obliterates me\ 
C.P. 
People make me sad . 
I want to go back to bed . I've been up for twenty seven minutes . 
Lies , lies , lies . 
For fuck's sake . I really think i'm going to become a serial killer . Eradicate the stupid . 
Just when I think the stress is gone , someone feels the need to be a PRICK . My neck hurts like hell now . 
math final in 13 hours . i should get a pretty good grade . 
Dripping dancing diving , lipstick of the brave , sullen Garbo siren , your body's all I crave . 
I'll tell you about the hopeless night , the meager food the souls forgot . I'll tell you about the maiden with the wrought-iron soul ... 
I am a motorist ! 
The semester is OVER !!! I'm free !!! Christmas break has never been so nice . Now to celebrate .... 
W is where the wily woman walks , X is for eXcruciating X rated talks , Y is you the yo-yo ; I yank upon your string . Watch you yell and holler from the pleasure that it brings . Z is for the zestfulness with which you will submit , Now I've taught you every letter so remember all of it ....... 
Fuck my life . 
So bored . Someone come over and save me . Repeat : bored . 
Watching season 2 of Sons of Anarchy .... this shit is unreal . I love this show . 
3 dollars is such a useless amount . I mean , I can't even buy a pack of cigarettes for 3 bucks anymore . I miss Florida so bad . 3 dollar newports . * sigh * i need nicotine . 
Just noticed how completely nauseous ghetto wannabe chicks make me . Their diction , the all caps , the way they talk like they've been fellating marbles since they dropped out of school in 8th grade , or maybe the real thing since they figured out what one was . Probably its the way they attach themselves to any < PROPMALE > that gives them a second glance . Who knows , all I know is they make me want to learn how to use a gun . 
I need a cigarette so bad I can practically taste it . 
Went to a Christmas party ... forgot my awesome leftovers in the car :( 
I got a B in my Honors Comp class !!!! I am so frigging happy . 
I hate having nothing to do . 
Ugh . Don't start making plans with me and then vanish halfway through . ANNOYING . 
I .... wish I could take back things i've said . I hurt people without meaning to , and sometimes , I don't even know how I did it . 
Decisions , decisions . 
In Sandusky .... finally relaxing ....... thank God . 
Home again , home again . 
Boys and girls of every age , wouldn't you like to see something strange ? Come with us and you will see , this , our town of Halloween ... This is Halloween , This is Halloween , pumpkins scream in the dead of night ........... Ahhh Christmas . 
Hey there Mister Hinduist , < PROPFEMALE > FUCKIN Christmas ! Drink eggnog and eat some beef , and pass it to the missus .... * dances * ...... In case you haven't noticed , it's Jesus ' birthday ..... so get off your heathen Hindu ass , and fuckin ' celebrate !!!!!!! \ 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas Everybody ! 
Last year I left my stocking up over Christmas vacation and an entire family of mice starting living in it . Their Christmas gift to each other was rabies . Enjoy ! 
On my way to Euclid ...... joy of joys . 
Why the fuck am I not sleeping ? This is getting ridiculous . 
I got a gingerbread cookie with a frosting < PROPFEMALE > on it . It completely rocks . I might not even eat it . But that would be insanity . Does anyone have some milk ? 
I am < PROPFEMALE>'s retching bile duct . Without me , < PROPFEMALE > wouldn't be able to expel her stress and not become a serial killer . 
Lethargy ...... 
I feel as though i'm in stasis .... neither coming nor going ..... complete stillness . 
Regardez mon visage ! Regardez mon visage ! Je ne suis pas BOVVERED !...... 
Merde , merde , merde . 
What ? What ? ( In the butt ) 
He doesn't look a thing like Jesus , but he talks like a gentleman , like you imagined when you were young ....... 
For the life of me , I cannot remember , what made us think that we were wise and we'd never compromise .... for the life of me , I cannot believe we'd ever die for these sins ...... 
Its been a long day living with this , its been a long time since i've felt so sick , I took a long walk straight back home , I took a walk back to San Fransisco ... I used to long for time alone , I used to long for a place of my own , and i'm losing faith in everything .... I'm lost , so lost , i'm lost at sea , you see ? 
I feel like I live in a sauna . This apartment is ridiculously hot . 
mmmmm Christmas lasagna . 
And half a pack of cigarettes ...... holiday miracle . 
So what is everyone doing for New Years ? 
Wow . Its like i'm dead or something . Absolutely nobody responds . Proves my worth , right ? Sixty Goddamned people , and not one can take the time to type out a one sentence reply . Thanks assholes . 
Getting ready . Gone soon . 
I am officially going to cry . 
I need a nicotine stickkkkkkkk 
Everything has worked out the way it should . 
I think I figured out that I don't want to be a lawyer . Lawyers suck . I think i'm going to get the useless degree I initially wanted , in British History . Yay for being broke forever ! 
If you read this , even if I don't speak to you often , post a memory of me from a while ago . It can be anything you want , it can be good or bad , just so long as it happened . 
I don't fucking get this . He wants something to eat , and I don't want him driving drunk , so I offer to go get it , and all of a sudden he starts flipping out like i'm trying to steal his credit card . Now I won't give it back because I don't want him driving drunk . In return I get a split lip . Fuck him . 
The air around me feels like water .... moving through it disturbs that around it , I can feel it vibrating ...... 
Goddamnit . 
Sitting outside waiting to finish this interminable errand . 
Life doesn't suck so bad after all . 
They were all in love with dyin ' , they were drinkin ' from the fountain that was pourin ' like an avalanche , comin ' down the mountain .... 
Day breaks ... and i'm still awake . Here's to not staying up all Goddamned night again tonight ! 
I'm doing well . Counting down till I can go to sleep again .... its like 10 hours I think . 
3 hours . 3 loooong hours . 
Um . So I think I might be single ...... this is weird . 
Fucking hell . Can someone please come drug me until I don't know my own name ? It would be the most merciful act ..... I don't have enough wine . 
Anyone want to go to the bar tonight ? Its really cold and I don't want to walk . 
I don't wanna walk to the bar !!!!! Dammit I need to get drunk . Its so effing cold . 
Mmmmmmmmmm . 
My arm hurts ..... but I feel so delicious . Can't decide which emotion to feel more . Pain , or pleasure . But wait , aren't they the same ? 
Just got back from the Boneyard and < PROPFIRST>'s with Nick .... had a great night . 
Listening to the best fucking radio station in America .... 101.1 in < PROPMALE > . Thank God for streaming internet radio . This kicks 92.3 ' s ass . 
My back kills . I need to go to bed ..... 
So my life is the biggest pile of confusing shit i've ever seen . 
I’ve been the needle and the thread\ 
Weaving figure eights and circles round your head\ 
I try to laugh but cry instead\ 
Patiently wait to hear the words you’ve never said ..... 
OOH .... better ! \ 
Rhythm of our conversation\ 
The perfection of her creation\ 
The sex she slipped into my coffee\ 
The way she felt when she first saw me\ 
Hate to love and love to hate her\ 
Like a broken record player\ 
Back and forth and here and gone and on and on and on and onnnnnn ..... 
Update to the world .... i'm HGOT . No , that is not a typo . 
I should really go to sleep . I gotta stop doing this . 
Waiting for the end to come .... wishing I had strength to stand .... this is not what I had planned , its out of my control ........ I know what it takes to move on , I know how it feels to lie . All I wanna do is trade this life for something new , holding on to what I haven't got ...... 
So .. question . Why do girls give up so soon ? I mean , the next coolest thing these days to being a misogynistic rapper with his jailhouse boxers showing is to be a mom before you're 20 . Not smart enough for college ? its ok , you're physiologically able to shove a human from your genitalia . I mean , abortion is there so accidental pregnancy doesn't have to happen . Its not pretty , but its a great service . 
Just so the world knows . I've figured out that i'm a failure at life , and the human condition . Thanks for pitying me . But not for not telling me sooner . 
I didn't think I'd be able to hate him . I tried so hard to be civil . I cannot believe its come to this . 
Someone . Please . Bring me nicotine . This shit is ridiculous . 
I have beef jerky . The world is well . 
School starts in like , 6 hours .... I need to find out what class i'm supposed to be going to . =P 
I'm bored .... does anyone wanna do anything ? 
My effing back hurts . Stupid scoliosis . I wish I signed up for yoga again this semester .... I do it by myself , but i'm never sure if i'm doing it right .... the teacher always helps . 
Sleepy time ..... 
School is interesting . Lets just call it that . 
* sigh * going to euclid to pick up < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > . 
Oh , if only the world weren't too PC to enjoy the joke I just told in my head . 
Ugh , I am so tired . 
Ok , so whats the quickest way to make an ass of yourself ? Probably telling me something is my fault , arguing over it , and then on your WAY OUT OF THE HOUSE , committing the VERY thing I have just been accused of . Sweet . 
I can't find my damn drivers license . Doubleyoo Tee Eff . 
Back from Sandusky .... Bizzy Bone was unimpressive .. one of his dudes knocked over my ( full ) drink and barely said sorry ..... had fun though . Lots of fun . 
Ugh . So exhausted . 
Middle of the night .... I knew this shit was gonna happen . Up again . Fuck my weird sleep . Fuck it , I say ! 
Why does all my stuff go missing ? Now I can't find my car keys or my license .... 
Yay I found my keys . Now I can actually leave the house . Hopefully I find my license before I run out of nicotine ... Speaking of nicotine , I live in a house of fiends . I go to take a nap with half a pack of smokes , I wake up to THREE . I mean really ? I'm not an alcoholic .... I can count . 
Class now . 
What a long day .... 
Maybe I can sleep . That'd be nice . 
So I just ate the most awesome granola bar ever . I think i'm gonna buy like ten of them later so I have them for the week . 
Good morning Starshine ! The world says ............. HELLO !! 
Blah . I don't wanna go to school ! 
Fuck inconsiderate people . Seriously . 
Forced foot in mouth disease sucks . Give me the whole picture , people !!! 
School awaits ..... I think i'm gonna buy one of those kick ass granola bars again . 
fuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckFUCK ! 
So I found out today i'm not < PROPMALE > like I was always told . I'm Welsh . Which is pretty cool . 
Yay ! New clothes .... and jewelry . Finally I feel like a girl again . 
So now i'm late , and I don't particularly care . 
I don't have anything to do today !!! So i'm just gonna burn a bunch of plant life . 
Holy shit I just blew out my eardrums . My eyes are still watering . Ugh . Now I have to go to the pawn shop with my new camera because I need cat food . I wish it was three days from now . Then I wouldn't need to . 
....................................... 
I bought a snuggie for five dollars *^_^* 
I need entertainment . 
So fucking tired ..... 
You know , I hate it when I get woken up by strange female voices in my house that I don't know at 7:30 in the morning , and then they don't even have the fucking presence of mind to introduce themselves or apologize . I mean , its not like it matters at this point . Despite what < PROPMALE > insists , it IS a flophouse . Just like Florida was . And just like Uncle < PROPFIRST>'s house is . Only ours is for high schoolers . Ugh . 
Hmm . Pandora.com is the shit . 
My father ..... is fucking stupid . I mean , why do you leave a LOT of cash in an envelope , and then NOT NOTICE when you miss your pocket with it at the store ? Dammit , now i'm screwed for the next week . I need money , god dammit . 
Walk , walk , fashion baby , work it , move , I'm a freak bitch , baby . <3 that song 
And I find it kinda funny , I find it kinda sad ..... the dreams in which i'm dying are the best i've ever had ....... 
Finally my office is clean . Now I can do nothing . 
Hmmmm sleepy . 
My ethics professor is quite possibly the most useless person with a Ph . D in the entire world . read these pages , do the questions at the end . ok . except the questions are for the next section of reading , which is ten more pages than I have time for . I refuse . I already read 15 pages of useless information . I can catch up later . 
omg . YAY . 
* sigh * liars suck . 
Attention everyone : I HAVE A FUCKING SNOW DAY TOMORROW ! That is all . \ 
( yesyesyesyesyesyesyseyesfuckyessssssss ! ) 
Today was awesome . 
I am fucking sick of my stuff getting broken because careless stupid boys decide to get drunk and be ASSHOLES . I swear , i'm gonna need a safe . 
I need a new book to read ...... any suggestions ? 
I had to take < PROPMALE > downtown , I was there ALL DAY . My toes are still numb ..... 
Heavy Metal and Showtunes . The best mix of music , EVER . lmao . 
2AM and i'm still awake writing a song , if I get it all down on paper its no longer inside of me , threatening the life it belongs to .... And I feel like i'm naked in front of the crowd , cause these words are my diary , screamin ' out loud . And I know that you'll use them however you want to ..... 
As the wheel turns , life changes , and the world adapts . 
I'm safe , up high , nothin can touch me ... but why do I feel like this party's over ? No pain inside , you're like perfection , but why can't I feel this good sober ? 
So ... bored .... 
* sigh * I have this horrible feeling that I made plans with a flake ..... 
Going to McCarthy's in Lakewood .... sounds like fun ..... :) 
Home again , home again , jiggity jig . 
What's brown and gurgles ? 
How do you make a dead baby float ? 
I'm a spy in the house of love .... I know the dreams that you're dreamin ' of ....... 
I feel so sick its not even funny . I need someone to come hold me and make me feel better :( 
I feel like i'm about to die . My stomach ..... i'm literally screaming . I feel so dramatic , but it honestly hurts that bad ..... 
When I was a girl I crept in the boys locker room , hiding deep inside it was my little creep stalker room ... As they disrobed I was oogling and ogling , little did they know that for me they were modeling ... and I would laugh ... and they would dance ... So do the CREEP(haaaa ) . When you walk into a wake and you see a beefcake , just CREEP ( haaa ) do the CREEP ! Don't forget to smile ..... 
I got an 86 on my Astronomy test .... i'm careless , or I would have gotten an A . 
So the weirdest shit keeps going missing in my house ..... today it was a half burned candle out of my bathroom . My favorite smelly candle . I don't move them , so I know I didn't do anything with it . 
Dirty babe ..... you see these shackles baby i'm your slave .... i'll let you whip me if I misbehave ..... its just that no one makes me feel this way .... 
Yay !! Finally a day to pamper myself . First haircut , then shoes , clothes .... then bookstore !! *^_^* 
I hereby banish stress from my life . Period . Anything that happens , whatever . The world doesn't exactly stop revolving , does it ? Wooooooosaaaaa . 
Off to the mall . <3<3<3<3 
ok , back from great northern .... now to dots and beachwood place . 
stupid fucking people . 
...... is really , really , really , really disappointed . :( 
life is beautiful 
If you're bored then you're boring . I guess i'm boring . 
Ugh . Why is it only in the morning for like , 2 hours that I feel like shit ? It makes no freaking sense . !!! 
Going to < PROPFEMALE > gate for a little bit .... i'll be home the rest of the night though . No phone , so if anyone wants to come < PROPFEMALE > out , just show up . 
Going to sandusky , be back sunday ... 
Mushroomhead was fucking awesome .... had a fucking blast this weekend . Everything is ...... just great . 
Here's to the most delightful plant ever cultivated by man . 
Sheep go to heaven , goats go to hell .... ;) 
I don't think i'm ever again going to sign up for a class that meets prior to 2 or 3 in the afternoon . I'm just so sick ..... Jeebus Cripes . 
Thinking about getting a new tattoo .... either a dragon , or the eye of time by dali . If I see a shop that looks good today , i'm totally going . 
Methinks i'm going to Voodoo Monkey in Ohio City for my tat . I'm excited . 
I like flowers :( 
I'm reading two books right now , and both of them are freaking awesome . 
Ahhh , to lay down and read a book while smoking a pipe . Absolutely delightful . 
that ...... was fun . 
Raindogs howl for the century , a million dollars a stake .... as you search for your demi-god , and you fake with a saint ..... there's no sex in your violence , there's no sex in your violence ....... there's no sex in your violence ..... 
ohh god , please let me wake up in time for school . 
well , all I can say is I can do better next week . 
I'm healed ! Its a miracle ! My nasal passages are clear ! Except now I can't pop my ears . * sigh * if its not one thing , its another . lol . 
Fucking stupid . 
I just got the coolest phone . Lol . 
Know what really grinds my gears ? Stupid teenagers who text while they drive and then die while doing it , and then we're supposed to act like its some kind of terrible tragedy . THEY'RE RETARDED ! Plain and simple . If you don't watch the road , chances are , you will run into something ! This has been , the more you know . 
this phone ...... this PHONE .......!!!!! 
Fucking 5 am . I'M BORED . And I can't sleep . 
Ha . I just took one of those IQ tests and I got a perfect score . 
I am so sick of ignorant fucking people . But the only reason the insult hurt is because it was clever . 
:) 
I wish I had a friend who knew how to do hair . I always come up with the best outfits , and I can't ever make my hair do anything fun . :( 
Ohhhmyyyyygodddddddddd . Supreme annoyance . !!! 
And now i'm gonna try to sleep . Hopefully I don't wake up for several hours . 
So what do I wake up to ? Rude people pounding on the door like fucking cops , and then they think its funny . Oh god , and theyre still wasted from last night . 
Somebody save me . 
WARNING !! As of today - Facebook will automatically start dragging the Earth into the Sun . To change this option , go to Settings > Planetary Settings > Trajectory then UNCLICK the box that says ' Apocalypse . ' Facebook kept this one quiet . Copy and paste onto your status for absolutely no good reason whatsoever . 
OMG . I think i'm in love . The Sims MEDIEVAL . squee !!!! ( Yes , I do realize how abosolutely retarded I just sounded . I just don't care . ) 
Someone talk to meeeeee i'm bored . 
Driving to Sandusky .... Nick , I know I didn't call , i'll call when i'm on the road . 
Fucking vermilion ... ticket I cant pay .... in sandusky watching full metal jacket ... should I be as amused as I am ? 
Holy fuck . Almost died coming around Dead Man's Curve just now . ( Well , 45 minutes ago ) Freaked the hell out . They need to get on salting this shit before people die .... I was only going like 20 . 
..... happy . 
I've watched Cold Case , CSI , Criminal Minds , Law and Order SVU and NCIS . I can kill you 18 different ways and make it look like < PROPMALE > and the Chipmunks did it . :D 
K know what ? Waking up for school and then puking my guts up so hard I cant do anything but lay back down is getting really , REALLY annoying . 
So my tire blew out . Now I don't have a car . And my great father won't pick up his phone so I can tell him A . his car is not working right now because he didn't replace the tire like he said he would , and B . I got a speeding ticket yesterday that I can't pay , and my license may be suspended if its not taken care of by the third . So all around a lovely day . 
i swear , this is the last time i worry about him . i've been worried and wondering all damn day , not to mention entirely sympathetic , and he comes in and immediately blames me FOR ALL OF IT . Fuck him . Stupid little boy . I don't deserve to feel like this , I did something RIGHT for once . 
so sick of being removed from my own living room . 
So I got laundry done . Good . Now I have to face my teacher on Monday . I'm kinda freaked . 
So I think Shake sodomized my cat or something . Bates is exhibiting clear signs of sexual trauma . * shakes her head * tsk tsk tsk . I'm a rape counselor for cats . 
Check yo'self befo ' you wreck yo'self! 
Ugh ... gonna lay down now . My back kills . 
Does anyone have water yet ? I wanna shower . Youd think theyd have some kind of reserve system for a complex this big .... 
WATER !!!!!!! 
oh , this tastes delightful ..... 
Every shiny toy that at first brings you joy will always start to cloy and annoy ..... 
I don't like the new messages . Especially how they put everything under one folder , but don't tell you what was IM and what was email . 
Does anyone wanna < PROPFEMALE > out ? I need to get the hell away for a while . 
Well , its been surreal ! NIGHT ! 
God ..... my head ..... 
ATTENTION SELFISH FUCKERS ! you suck . 
oops , i haven't finished the oscars yet .... i should prolly get offline so i don't get another spoiler like the one i just got ... its not like i didn't know < PROPFEMALE > portman was gonna win , but i wanted to sit and wonder for a minute . 
!!!!!!! 
I just cant stop thinking ..... stop , brain , stop . 
Round and round in circles .... 
*^_^* Sitting in my ( empty ) living room watching tv ! I feel like things are so much smoother now . 
At the fox ..... should I go home or have one more beer ....? 
She's a good girl , loves her mama .... loves cheez-its , and < PROPFEMALE > too ....... 
I'm sad . I need to take more internet classes for school . Cause the whole actually going to campus thing is nearly impossible . 
goodnight , goodnight ... parting is such sweet sorrow .... 
I say heyyyyy , I'll be gone today , but i'll be back from around the way . It seems like everywhere I go , there more I see the less I know , but I know one thing , that i love you ...... 
So there's gonna be a movie shot here this summer .... I wonder when they're gonna start casting extras .... 
Spending some time by myself at home . Would love some company . 
Weary of the stupid . Can't we just poison them or smother them in their sleep or something ? 
So how about Oregon Trail for facebook actually doesn't suck . 
Must ......... sleep . 
I'm here . YAYYYYYYYYYYYYYY ! 
Driving around in the lovely sun . God , i'm home . 
I do not see any snow . And there is a blue sky and sun . Life is good . 
Another day in paradise . 
Gotta find a pool with a fun slide ..... its too hot . Well .... no such thing . 
FUN !! 
On my way home ..... another all nighter .. lol 
stopped at a hotel for some sleep . Now i wont get home till almost dark . Wish < PROPMALE > could drive at night . And that my dad had sent a copy of his insurance when he paid my ticket . Now my license is probably suspended . Crap . Sleep now . 
Im HOME !!! Thank god im alive . Fuck west virginia .... seriously . 
.... I am SO tired . 
Does anyone want to < PROPFEMALE > out today ? 
I've been feeling some anxiety the last few days . I don't know how to react to it . I need a distraction .... 
Oooohmigod . Hillbilly methheads are so funny when they think they're cool . 
So I'm wondering . Are people ignoring my texts , or is my phone so lame that they're not getting them ..... I am really having trouble telling . Cause sometimes it sends texts twice , other times it sends once , but then they don't get them . I'd rather people got doubles than not at all . However , since its like 5 different people , i'm pretty sure its a bit of both . These should not be called smartphones . * fumes quietly * 
Blah . Goodnight . I've yawned 5 times in the last 3 minutes . 
I am in mourning for my new and most beautiful piece of glass < PROPMALE > . It met its demise on mardi gras , at around 2 am , because i was drunk . candlelight vigil will follow . -_- 
Hibachi and a movie tonight , < PROPMALE > goes to the airport at 10:45 tomorrow morning . This is gonna be weird . An entire apartment , all to myself . 
crap . i messed that up . 
* sigh * leave for the airport in an hour ... i haven't slept . Im gonna be a wreck today . :( 
Its gonna be a long day . 
I feel so disoriented ..... its like being completely by myself for an entire day , though relaxing , which was expected , also serves to make me reflect on what exactly is important to me . i almost turned off my phone , but that would just be silly . i want someone to reflect on . :( 
So apparently my phone likes to take voicemails and then not tell me someone called . 
Outsourced ! Yay . On demand rocks . I'm so lonely though . I need someone to < PROPFEMALE > out with . Cabin fever , man . 
Lonely . Anyone wanna < PROPFEMALE > out ? 
Does anyone ever feel like they don't belong ANYWHERE , no matter what they try ? 
Wow . Frustration . So sick of being told I deserved being called that awful word . 
All of us have a thousand wishes . To be thinner , to be bigger , have more money , have a cool car , a day off , a new phone , to date the person of your dreams . A cancer patient only has one wish , to kick cancer's butt . In honor of someone who died , or is fighting cancer , or even had cancer , post this for at least one hour ... 
About to hop in the shower ..... trying to find something to do tonight .... maybe lakewood . lakewood sounds fun . uuuuuugh waste of gas , but I need social interaction . 
Ok I guess i've got plans tonight . Sweet . Going to McCarthy's to < PROPFEMALE > out and see a band . 
Shower ......... > Clothes ......... > Makeup ........ > Driving ......... > FUN ! in that order . 
Running late . Leaving now . 
Little supernovas in my head \ 
Little soft pulses in my dead\ 
Little souvenirs and secrets shared\ 
Little off guard and unprepared\ 
I was never good enough to find\ 
I was never bad enough to mind\ 
In the middle I will do my best\ 
Take me in your arms and leave the rest\ 
I will give you anything to\ 
Say you want to stay , you want me to\ 
Say youll never die , youll always haunt me\ 
I want to know I belong to you\ 
Say youll haunt me 
Holy ...... amazing ......... wow . I never thought i'd see this day . 
I had a blast last night . First time in a while I was able to < PROPFEMALE > out with people and not feel weird . 
night night 
... disappointed in humanity . 
Gonna run to half price and see if they've got my sookie book ...... then giant eagle for a tv dinner ..... 
Gonna go read my new book , except I need to get the synopsis of the two I missed because they didn't have them at half price .... * sigh * spoilers ... 
I need to sleep . I actually need to get shit done tomorrow . 
Ew . Ew . Ew . Three inches of the slipperiest , wettest , most awful snow in the world . On the freeway coming home , there was a 3 car pileup on the other side of the road , literally spanning two lanes . I mean , we have less than a week of decent weather , and you've already forgotten how to drive in the snow ? Amnesia works fast , man . 
For once , i'm content to be me . Being me is good . 
Time to lay down with a good book ..... 
Yay , < PROPFEMALE > *^_^* I found a better copy than the one I had before for a dollar at Half Price the other day .... I almost forgot about it . Best book ever . I didn't even read the last 30 pages of Gone With The Wind because it made me too depressed . But this one ... even in its depression its uplifting . 
Abracadabra ! People aren't assholes !..... wait . Sorry . Forgot magic isn't real . 
Now to shop for my paternal unit . 
I need to find something to do tonight ....... thats cheap . 
It saddens me to see people fling themselves into religion with all the zeal of a meth addict . Its not real , and its merely trading one addiction for another . 
20 bucks . keep it , turn it into something smokeable , or go to the bar ...... too hard to decide . 
Don't worry about a thing ..... cause every little thing gonna be alright . Singin ' don't worry , about a thing cause every little thing gonna be alright . Rise up this mornin , smile with the risin sun ... three little birds perch by my doorstep singin sweet songs with < PROPFEMALE > pure and true , sayin , this is my message to you .... 
I just read the saddest thing .... I can't get over how sick and cruel people are . Some asshole in Atlanta left their two dogs in their apt when they moved out , and by the time animal control got there , one had already starved to death , with its head laying inside the empty food dish . The other could barely move . I hate people , I can't stop crying . 
So it is true . I didn't want to believe I was saving all the UPCs for nothing . But I was . Oh well , at least I can still get coupons . 
You know , yoga really does calm me down . If I can find a half hour to 45 minute routine I like , i'll be so happy ..... ( I mean , I know I can figure it out myself , but certain poses flow into others better ) 
I feel ineffective . If I had done what I was supposed to do , and gone to school , finished , and graduated .... i'd be graduating from college in a month . Instead , i'm even more ill educated than I was , and i've got nothing to show . * sigh * 
SO EXCITED !!!! I got Land of the Painted Caves today .... and i'm gonna go read until I fall asleep . Squee !!!! 
When you came in the air went out ..... and every shadow filled up with doubt ... i dont know who you think you are but before the night is through ... 
< PROPMALE > is coming home tomorrow night . 
Ugh . Why am I filling out job applications ? Nobody's gonna hire me ..... stupid weed charge and no job history . 
\Mr Owl 
Ok . So this is useless . I have to go to North Royalton to pick < PROPMALE > up . To stop him from paying 50 bucks for a cab . God , please give me a lobotomy . 
Hmm ..... I guess i'm a bit of a groupie ..... going to see TPN tonight at West Park with Erik .... Idk .... they're a pretty awesome band . 
Does anyone remember the episode of < PROPMALE > when they went to the dude ranch and he kept trying to impress < PROPFEMALE > Mayonnaise , and that song kept playing in his head \Durango < PROPMALE >......\" and then he fucked it all up and she liked him more for it ? Thats been in my head all day . " 
OMG . still sick ..... i feel like someone .... you know , i don't know exactly what they did , but it hurts . 
I finally feel better ... thank god . now what to do .... 
Cleaning out the car , we're cleaning out the car .... high ho something , we're cleaning out the car . 
An odd sense of stasis ... 
