Has FINALLY returned to Facebook ! 

Just < PROPFIRST > for hours , and is feeling more crosseyed than normal ..... 
Just set up and installed my new Cintiq tablet .... It may be the sexiest piece of electronic creativty I have ever touched ..... I'm never going back to Intuos . Wacom , you had me at LCD ....... 
Work is making me cranky today . Time to bundle up and go find a Christmas tree to brighten the mood . :) 
Just bought myself a 64g iTouch . Damn you Apple , damn you .... you charm me every time .... I will now be spending all of my money on apps , and all of my spare time touching them . I will also be selling off my 120g classic now ( only about a year old and in amazing condition ) if anybody is interested . :) 
Holy crap it's SNOWING ! RUN FOR THE HILLS PORTLAND ! EVEN THE FLUFFY STUFF CAN HURT YOU ! TO THE BOMB SHELTER !! 
Pulling an all nighter to finish inking 2 ( maybe 3 ) illustrations and prep for coloring . Makes me want to fall off the wagon and chug a few Mountain Dews ..... 
Had the worst insomnia for 3 nights in a row now ...... I cannot wait to finally get a full night of sleep and feel ' normal ' again . 
The insomnia has passed ( for now ) . I feel like my ' normal ' self again . Not really sure why I'm posting this , but I like closure . :P 
Just got the wedding picture proofs from the photographer . Besides my recurring double < PROPFEMALE > , they are amazing ! Will be uploading some as soon as I have the actual CD . Now I'm going to go eat more chocolate .... cheers ! 
Really , really feeling the work stress today . Going to be finally getting that gym membership this week . I need a venue to be able get out and beat the crap out of something , beyond every other reason to do it . 
Crazy work week . But also the first week of me working out ; I feel like a new person already . Next week I start my green tea fat burning pills and begin tracking my colories with bodybugg . Honestly don't ever want to go back to not working out , and am striving towards my 50 lb loss by my birthday ( just over 6 months from now ) . Going to get < PROPFEMALE > and mean ! 
PROJECT < PROPMALE > WEIGHT LOSS - End of Week 1/Start of Week 2 - Total loss so far - 3lbs - Today kickboxing . ( will update every week , if anything is going to keep me on task it's people I communicate with electronicly - seriously no sarcasm intended ? ) 
If anybody is watching the Blazers / Jazz game tonight , look out for the flashing white light courtside center . Yeah , that will be my hair telling you ' hi ' , as my husband and I enjoy the awesome seats ( thank you < PROPFIRST > ) , hanging out with the white collar tycoons ! Maybe post a pic or two later on . 
Loving my bodybugg . In fact I love it so much , I slept with it last night . Amazing to see how many calories you actually burn in your sleep . If you are counting calories for weight loss I highly , HIGHLY recommend it ! It keeps you informed , on track and in a weird technophile way is kind of fun . :) 
Oh , so I guess it's celebrity doppleganger week ? I can't really think of anybody famous who looks that much like me , except for D'arcy Wretzky ( ex-Smashing Pumpkins ) . If somebody has a better match , let me know . :) ( I'll keep her up for a few days , but then back to my floating head pic ) 
PROJECT < PROPMALE > WEIGHT LOSS - End of Week 2/Start of Week 3 - Total loss so far - 4lbs - ALMOST made that 5 < PROPFIRST > , but not quite . Dropped 1 pants size , which I am stoked about . Obsessing over my bodybugg now , very cool . Truckin ' along ! 
Had a really great time tonight hanging out with school friends on First Thursday , and ran into a few unexpected faces as well ! Just wish it hadn't been raining so crappily . : 0 
Spent much of tonight cleaning my studio/geek space . In doing so , I realized I'm getting too old to function properly amid chaos . I need order to think these days . What's next ? An afternoon nap , stretch pants and orthopedic shoes ? 
PROJECT < PROPMALE > WEIGHT LOSS - Week 3 - Decided it was best to update on the same day I do my bodybugg program update . Total loss so far - 6 pounds . Slowly but surely working my way down , pretty much on track . Feeling more adjusted to eating better food , although the cravings for crap food have not gone away entirely . Sore from weight lifting , but not overly so . On to another week ! 
Why is the formatting so stupid on Facebook ? ( rhetorical question ) 
We finally caved and saw Avatar tonight . The overdone plot aside , wow , visuals like I have never seen before . Overall , pretty cool movie experience . 
PROJECT < PROPMALE > WEIGHT LOSS - Week 4 - Total loss so far - 8 pounds ! Did Zumba this week instead of cardio kickboxing , and I think I enjoyed it even more than the cardio kick . Nothing burns calories quite like trying making a fool of yourself ( taking all my will power not to insert some joke about how white I am in here ) . Still very much on track with 2 pounds loss a week , and on my way I go .... 
PROJECT < PROPMALE > WEIGHT LOSS - Week 4 - Total loss so far - 10 pounds . It's weird , sometimes I think that I won't make the 2 pounds when the week rolls around , and yet it keeps happening . I guess all those gym visits and trying to eat better does pay off . :) Thanks to all for your continued support ! 
PROJECT < PROPMALE > WEIGHT LOSS - Week 6 - Total loss so far - 13 pounds ! Had this creeping cold/flu this week ( gone now ) , so I think that extra pound was probably more less eating loss than anything . But still feeling great , and looking forward to losing more ! Going to start going to a second Zumba class in a few weeks , woot ! 
Well , I had my hair cut even shorter . Next step , full on Sinead O'Connor . In equally trivial news , think I'll be spending a good portion of the weekend backing up my computer files for transfer . My PC has the death , and it's time to go < PROPMALE > , at last . 
The < PROPFIRST > s seemed exceedingly long this year . But glad to see that Avatar won deserved effects and < PROPMALE > direction and not best picture . And of course very happy to see the quite charming Christoph Waltz take Supporting Actor . <3 One of these years QT might even win a directing < PROPFIRST > ( although unlikely ) . ;) 
Today I say goodbye to PC . Just received my iMac and loving every second of it . As soon as I finish transferring all of my files over from my PC , I am shutting it off for good . Which should not be all that difficult , considering it does that quite well on its own . It's been a nice affair Mr. Gates , but we've grown apart ; time to see other people . 
PROJECT < PROPMALE > WEIGHT LOSS - Week 8 - Total loss so far -16 pounds . Decided I would do these updates every two weeks instead of one . Was feeling a bit too spammy every week . :) Still on track , feeling very good , clothes getting looser , thighs getting lesser ..... * belated jig * 
PROJECT < PROPMALE > WEIGHT LOSS - Week 10 - Total loss so far -19 pounds - Somewhat disappointed I didn't make the 20 , but in my defense I was completely in non-gym condition for five days last week because of a stupid cold . So I work with what I've got . :) 
Today in a nutshell ( because I so rarely post random things about my life ) : Gave somebody a scathing English review on Livemocha , and felt bad about it later . Broke a mini USB cable with my bare hands . Left my workout shorts at home , and got all the way to the gym before I discovered that fact . Drank too much black tea , again . Thinking about reading Crumb's ' < PROPFEMALE>' right now instead of going to bed like I should . 
ATTENTION ( INSERT PREFERRED NAME FOR DIVINE CREATOR HERE ): 
PROJECT < PROPMALE > WEIGHT LOSS - Week 14 - Yes , it has been awhile since an update , but things are still rolling along . I am quite happy to announce that at my weigh in today I have finally reached 25 pounds lost ! I still have 38 to go until my final goal , and it has definitely started to become more difficult to cut the pounds as I lose more . However , I know persistance and < PROPFEMALE > are the keys .. it will happen ! 
To the obnoxious family who brought their 2 year old to Iron Man 2 and sat right behind us , thanks for ruining the entire movie for us . I enjoyed the commentary by all of you , the seat kicking and sweatshirt pulling so much ; so nice of you to not care to take the kid out . /sarcasm ( Disclaimer : This is not a dig on parents . But a 2 year old , to Iron Man 2 ? Really ?? ) 
Surprising the husband tonight with tickets to the MC Frontalot concert at < PROPMALE>'s . He better not have figured it out already . Right when I think he's lost his mind in code , he has a moment of craftiness .... 
Just got my 30lb weight vest in the mail today ! Excited ! < PROPMALE > calorie burn time here I come . And no , I am not going to be starting out with all 30lbs . ;) 
New Black Keys album is amazing , get it now !!! 
Just want to say that I am loving my new position at the company I work for . I never thought I would be actually making a living doing creative \ 
work . And in that same vein , want to say that I am endlessly thankful for the opportunities that ' fate ' , or whatever have you , has given to me in the past few years . Sometimes life does not turn out at all how you thought , and sometimes that ends up being a very good thing . 
\Don't be too proud of this technological terror you've constructed .... \"" 
Ahh , SO looking forward to a relaxing weekend away at Cannon Beach ! It may almost even make me forget about getting old ( almost ) ... Wish all of you guys could come to < PROPFEMALE > out ! 
For the life of me , I cannot get inspired today ..... 
Well , I don't think I'm ever going the Hollywood 24 Fitness , ever again . To the piece of low life shit who stole all my brother's stuff from his locker , please go die in a fire ; literally . Time to embrace the yuppiness McLaughlin . 
TRUE BLOOD ! - < PROPFIRST>'s speech at the end , just flat out epic ! <3 
Hair has been dyed - let's wait a few days for a little fade before I post a pic ... ;) 
Ok , finally watched ' Oldboy ' . All I can say right now is , W-O-W . 
Dying in this California heat ... 
Had my first personal training session today . It was totally brutal , in a great way . I'm going to be so < PROPFEMALE > and mean(er ) in just a few months if it's anything like it was today . I'm already thinking I'm going to keep doing it until I lose my last < PROPMALE > 40lbs . Now I'm going to go throw up and drink a protein shake .... 
Stayed up way too late tonight finishing up the first season of ' Mad Men ' . Seriously , why did I wait so long to start watching it ? Just , wow . Everything about that show is so flat out superbly done . Cannot wait to keep catching up . NO SPOILERS GUYZ ! 
Boardwalk Empire = Awesomeness ! Going to be a great miniseries methinks ... 
Man , they are so Hot Topic , but I can't help but love the new Murderdolls album ( perhaps even more than the last ) . CATCHY ! 
Should I even bother with the new Weezer album ? I've heard good things , but Weezer has seriously sucked it for pretty much a decade . 
I inadvertently bought some skinny jeans yesterday ; like real deal skinny jeans . I hate skinny jeans , and yet , when I tried them on they actually fit me . Do I return them , or do I just give in to the hipness ? 
I need a healthy alternative to soda , that's not water , and I need it now . I'm attempting to quit the pop at last , and I need SOME kind of non-fat retaining liquid to covet ! 
Totally fantastic Boardwalk Empire tonight ( it always is ) . Nucky and Miss Schroeder .. BOOYAH . Now I gotta see what the hell happened on the season finale of Mad Men ......... 
Peeps in Portland , does anybody know of a place in town where I can get a leather jacket fairly heavily modified/tailored ? I have not had much luck finding one on my own . 
Up late , drinking whiskey , listening to The Black Keys on full blast , and working on a spontaneous entry for this week's IF \Spooky\ " . Life is good .... " 
I bought a Kombucha making < PROPFEMALE > today ; about to get started on my first batch . There's something very fulfilling about making and then storing a fermented jar of liquids in the closet , right next to our giant server rack . YOU'LL NEVER TAKE ME ALIVE COPPERS ! 
Two weeks without soda ! Feeling good , but it has led me to drinking more wine . Suddenly I see it all laid out in front of me : wine > wine sparklers > box wine > cosmos > bloody < PROPFIRST>'s>bloody < PROPFIRST>'s before noon > bloody < PROPFIRST>'s before noon out on the veranda > bloody < PROPFIRST>'s before noon out on the veranda in a halter top and spandex > COUGAR ! 
Note to self : never EVER shop for face paint the night before Halloween . The store I just went in was like a bad acid trip ! 
Finally over my frustrating plateau , thanks to cutting out pop and eating more chicken than I thought humanly possible . Not only weight loss , but tonight I managed to run for 10 mins straight , twice ! All of this with a hangover ( thank you < PROPFIRST>' Triple Long Islands ) and wearing my shorts backwards ( I knew something didn't feel right ' down there ' ) . Any tips on extending run time from my runner friends out there ? 
Today < PROPMALE > and I celebrate our first year of marriage ( not to be included the NINE years we were together before ) . The year has certainly flown by , and it's been a great one ! We are about to head up to Seattle . Tonight we are eating at the restaurant at the top of the Space Needle , and then staying at a swanky place downtown by the water . Can't say I'm going to complain ! Here's to many more awesome years together ! :) 
Well , I finally saw Videodrome . My pre-2000's , outdated technology but yet somehow so very relevant , twisted , disturbing movie quest is one more step complete ! 
Just walked into the bedroom , and the comforter on the bed was wadded up into what looked like a weird , contorted body . It startled the piss out of me . I think it's now time to lay off the Nos and go to sleep ...... O_O 
Stupid rain nearly ruined my rad new quiff ... LIFE IS DIFFICULT ! 
Such an awesomely fun night ; not even the flat tire could ruin it ... 
Uh oh , completely off base , self righteous , ( really not very good ) illustrator arguing on forum , trying not to rage ...... Apparently < PROPMALE > is not a ' real ' job . 
I bought two dresses today . Yes , two DRESSES ( and CUTE shoes ) . 
< PROPFEMALE > Poppin ' Daddies @ < PROPMALE>'s tonight ! Going to cut a rug ! 
The Black Keys tonight at the < PROPFEMALE > . Cannot wait - I've been wanting to see them live for a long time ! :) :) :) 
O ' Christmas Party\ 
How I Wish I Could Remember All Of You\ 
Why O ' Why Did I Drink So Much ? \ 
Fa LA La La laaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa 
Possible very exciting illustration news on the horizon ; stay tuned .... :D :D :D 
Lying in bed in the AM , thinking about the BV high school days . Even now , years later , still painfully aware I was no more than ' the albino chick ' to many in that town . Some bad memories . Yet , I also remember the people at BVHS who were great people ; and I am thankful for them even now . A shot out to my BV FB friends , and to those BV people who I do not care to get back in contact with ; I hope you guys grew up . <3 
Spending Christmas with so many people I love ; hope everybody is doing the same ! 
So ... difficult ... to .. shift ... out .. of ... vacation ... mode ... Must ... get .. back ... to ...... 
Just renewed my state business license , which I hardly had any use for last year . But if 2010 was the year of the weight loss . 2011 will be the year of illustration ( like for real ) . Some exciting stuff on the horizon ( will give details later ) . And I know some of my illustration buds are going to be doing the same , right ??? RIGHT ? ( invokes the spirit of < PROPFIRST > ) RIGHT ????? 
