broke the door . 

Sushi , doughnuts , and grilled bananas . It's whats for dinner . 
is watching the panthers game . 
she escaped . 
Finaly got the video to load ........ 2 hrs after it first began . 
3.14 
Why does an alarm clock \go off\ " when it begins ringing ? " 
How do you know when it's time to tune your bagpipes ? 
hopes it wont rain . again . 
it is WAY to hot outside . 
Had an energy drink and is now WAY to hyper . 
now has pink hair . 
is at camp . what i'm most worried about is not my crazy mates , or the roach problem , but the fact that i may lose my mind . 
had tons of fun at camp . She hunted down the Buger < PROPMALE > guy , taped trash to a door , dressed up like a pig , and was coverd in chocalate pudding just to cover the basics of what happened . 
' s mobile stoped working and needs a new one . 
is still realy frustrated at her mobile . 
nervous about tommarow . 
bought a new pair of wicked awsome shoes . 
toatly ready ! kinda , sorta ..... mabey not . 
s speach went awsome !!!! 
had an awsome time . even though she wasn't put in charge of facepainting , it was still realy fun . can't wait till next year ! 
Happy Independence Day ! 
awake ! 
as not woken up yet . ( literally ) 
went to the library . 
Nocturnal . 
Happy Cow Appreciation Day ! 
was on the radio !!!!! 
broke the lamp . 
gone to NC . 
Car almost broke down ...... mabey because of me ...... posibly ..... ill wait and see .... 
at the hospital . 
waiting room + energy drink + me = bad 
car broke down 3 times on the way home , no air conditioning , being stranded on a highway isnt fun . after 5 hours on the road im glad just to be back ! 
the new < PROPMALE > potter movie is out . mabey its just me but < PROPMALE > seems to be gettinng a bit old for highschool . i mean what is he doing , getting his phd in wizardry ? 
broke the blinds . 
gone to decorate the church for VBS ! 
Saw the < PROPMALE > potter movie . realy good . i enjoyed it . btw never drink an energy drink in a movie theater . 
the little red bubble makes my day . 
had an awsome time at VBS today . Crafts went awsome and even got a awsome suprise when she saw < PROPFIRST > was working there also . You rock < PROPFIRST > ! 
VBS !!! 
40 more days . 
No one seems to like to have a photo taken of them . Mabey I should just stick to animals ... But that ruins the fun of suprising people !!! If you won't let me take the pic , I will find another way . Right < PROPFEMALE > Lemon !?! 
got a letter from a university . 
gets to see her california cousins !!! 
shopping ! 
$20.95 for shiping ! what a rip-off ! 
had an awsome time at carowinds ! ( like always . ) ;) 
pool party went better than i thought it would . although have my floats are broken . :P but overall it was fun . 
realized she spelled half wrong . :P 
had fun shopping !!! 
BLUE hair !!! 
tree hugger . 
wants to go shopping . 
hehe 
what now ? 
got the list of books for school this year . looks interesting . all i have to say . 
Don't blame Mondays for being Mondays . Rather , accept them for what they are . Don't treat them with hate just because you don't like them . 
sick . 
haha , still NOT in school yet ! 
All of this useless information in my head . How long a hippo can hold its breath under water , what mammal is the only mammal without hydrochloric acid in its stomach , how many spots a giraffe has , what the loudest bird is , I cant use any of this in highschool unless we are going to Africa this year . Blast . 
Five out of four people can't do fractions . 
saw a shooting < PROPFEMALE > . 
MY BRACES ARE OFF !!!!! ( yay ! ) 
Reality sucks . 
fights with friends are never fun . :( 
wish it would go away . 
1 more week ... 
ughh , another live squirrel in the house . 
No !! No ! No ! No ! No ! Summer don't end ! 
< PROPFIRST > Vick is going back into the NFL . Hope no one gives him a job , the jerk . 
\Years teach us more than books \"" 
YaY ! My Birthday ! 
Thanks for the Birthday wishes everyone !!! 
Ice cream and cake and cake ! Ice cream and cake and cake ! 
dwelling in the past .... 
started a recycling program for her school . 
had an awsome time shopping today ! 
here comes the sun . 
don't climb into dryers . trust me . just don't . 
* huff * 
Yay ! NFL is back ! 
tried to drink 1 gallon of milk in under one hour . Yeah , that went REAL well . ughhh . 
Kanye West is a complete jerk for what he did to < PROPFIRST > Swift ! I am still in shock over it ! 
Hooray for .... 
YaY !!! The Office is back !!! 
Friday = No uniforms !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > , So verry brave . Fighting off that yellow jacket . You inspire us all . < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Roberts 
it was a drark and storm day , when < PROPFEMALE > discoverd the meat trollie . 
< PROPFEMALE > Lemon we miss you ! Happy B-Day ! 
One sentance . Just one sentance . thats all i get to read tomorrrow . Shoot , there are 6th graders reading more than me ! One lousy sentance , I can do better than this . 
HATES debates . ( and spelling ) 
Otium est bonum . 
Bored . I would play solitare but I would just cheat against myself . Myself dosent like it when I cheat . Because then myself and I get into a fight , and me has to come and break it up . 
Saw < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > last night . It was awsome . 
friday , wendys . last night , japanese take out . tonight , pizza delivery . this can not be healthy at all . 
this morning not realy awake , could barely pay attention much less take notes . slept during study hall , which helped some , and then continued to drift in and out of school for the rest of the day . 
Chocolate Milkshake !!! 
Happy Vegetarian Day ! 
school feild trip + dress uniforms + being in public .... yeah this ought to be fun . :P 
Designer Snuggies . Isn't that an oxymoron ? 
insert sarcastic comment here . 
Save the animals , don't eat them . 
< PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > finnaly got married ! best episode EVER ! 
spaghetti taco's . made of spaghetti , spaghetti sauce , soft taco shell , ranch , sour cream , lettuce , and black olives . yum . 
ignorance dosen't answer the question . 
There's no half-singing in the shower , you're either a rock < PROPFEMALE > or an opera diva . 
We need world peace ! Do I get my prize yet ? 
Experience is a wonderful thing . It enables you to recognize a mistake when you make it again . 
Ugh , how I hate grandparents day ! Getting up infront of the whole school and their grandparents to explain perimeter and how to translate a latin sentance . If the bordome dosen't kill them , the embarrassment will kill me . 
Humpty Dumpty stood straight and tall . Humpty Dumpty had a great fall . And All the children and their grandparents then , leaned forward to see if Humpty was to fall again . 
If it weren't for electricity we'd all be watching television by candlelight . 
The two most common elements in the universe are hydrogen and stupidity . But not in that order . 
The trouble with being punctual is that nobody's there to appreciate it . 
Shin : Device for finding furniture in the dark 
Programming today is a race between software engineers stirring to build bigger and better idiot-proof programs , and the universe trying to produce bigger and better idiots . So far , the universe is winning . 
How many people here have telekinetic powers ? Raise my hand . 
The problem with political jokes is when they get elected . 
Magnetism is one of the Six Fundamental Forces of the Universe , with the other five being Gravity , Duct Tape , Whining , Remote Control , and The Force That Makes Children Want to do Things After You Told Them it Would be Dangerous . 
You can only be young once . But you can always be immature . 
When all else fails , don't use \all else\ " anymore . " 
Roses are red , Violets are blue , Some poems rhyme , Others don't . 
' s cat fixed her computer ! 
Haikus they are fun , but sometimes they don't make sense , refrigerator 
Had a realy fun time today . Now if I could find a way to get the pics from my mobile to here that would be even better . 
still has to go to school today . :P 
Disturbing pictures , awsome people , stupid videos , and beer goggles . yep , driving school was pretty awsome . :) 
There's a million things to see if you open your eyes , and there's a million things to know if you know who you are . 
Forgot to logout again ! sorry to those who tried to chat with me . 
is driving . 
pedestrians are so annoying ! 
16$ . That is how much my dog owes me for chewing up my head phones . This is why I like cats . 
Am&a 
is angry because someone ate her snickers bar . >:\\ 
Dinner = Chocolate Chip Cookies . 
Broke another set of headphones . Time to go buy #15 . It's like a curse or something . 
No phone for three weeks ! :'( 
Thanksgiving break , you are still to far away . 
Is making chocolate chip cookies from scratch ! 
had to work three out of the four shifts for the fall festival tonight . Needless to say she is very exhausted from chasing the basketballs and kids all night . 
saw New < PROPFEMALE > . It was ok , except for the advertisements in every scene . They were annoying . 
It's Thanksgiving !!!! Someone make the dinner reservations please . 
Lock the doors , shut the blinds , turn out the lights , and hold on to that half price baby blue cashmere sweater for dear life !!! It's Black Friday tomorrow , and it's called that for a reason . It's like the black plague . People get that fever for a good deal and will do anything to get it . 
is doing something she probably shouldn't be doing , but was never told not to so will assume that she can . 
sneaky 
finaly finished reading her non-school related book . 
science report done ! 
Likes the Christmas program for this year . 
has not slept in 32 hours . Thank you coffee . 
The are putting books in Cheerios now . Realy ? Yeah , thats what I wan't for Christmas , a book that smells like Cheerios . 
is a < PROPFEMALE > . 
had fun at the party tonight . 
broke the pinata . 
is sick . :P 
is heavily sedated with a bunch of non-sickness medications . I can not afford to be sick this week . 
did her homework , fixed all the decorations , and colour coated her closet in alphabetical order . All in one night . What's next ? 
The Death Trap is killing me . I said that it was bad but they didn't believe me . I said that it would kill us one day , but they didn't care . So now I have my proof . I was right . 
Building a gingerbread house by myslef , awsome . Building it with someone else , ok . Building it with two extra people who want a christmas tree , a fort , a flower garden , and different colour walls , all in less than four hours . Insanity . 
The gingerbread house is done . I even bled for that house . After running out of sugar , the roof caving in , and listening to the crys of sadness from my team I can honestly say I got just what I expected from the night . Plus I didn't even get to see if GCA won the game . :( 
Had an awsome time at the party last night . 
Video Game Awards are on tonight . Let's give an award for a complete waste of time . 
Time to practice for the school program tomorrow . 
Bought the White House . 
The White House was broken in a car accident . 
has a new Scrabble highscore . 535 ! 
Going to NC today . 
didn't get to go to NC because of all the snow . Cancel Christmas . Also , < PROPMALE > will not be aired . 
had an awsome time bowling today . 
is hunting for her Christmas gifts . It's the only kind hunting that I approve of . 
Its the longest night of the year . Now what ? 
tried to make potato soup but the sink is backed up and now < PROPMALE > is going at it with a plunger . Help me please . 
Home alone drinking a cup of hot tea by the fire enjoying some peace and quite while watching a bunch of sappy Christmas movies . Loving it . 
Ever listen to a song ? A song that makes you want to jump up and dance around , even though you know you are terrible at dancing ? A song that makes you want to sing along , even though you know you are a bad singer ? A song that makes you feal all warm inside , but you don't know why ? That is what it's like . -Am&a 
Wait for it . 
has not seen the sun for three days . 
See you next year . :) 
It's not when \wild animals attack\ " it's when \ " stupid people get bitten \"." 
feels like her brain is a super highway for her thoughts and someone forgot to paint the lines on the road ... it's chaos !! 
is trying to explain to her mother how to use the phone . 
has one awsome brother . 
waited four hours . It was worth it though . 
hates it when she wakes up and finds it was all just a dream . 
is leaving for the top of a moutain tonight . Departure : 6:00 pm , Arrival : 9:00 pm , Return : Sunday 3:30 . Weather , High : 13°F Low : 6°F , < PROPMALE > of snow fall : 83% . < PROPMALE > s of me making a snow llama : 100% . ;D 
is back with a bunch of pictures . 
Cream Cheese and Chives crackers . 
I was shoping at Whole Foods Market tonight when I came across some non-cheese cheese . This is what the package said -- \Vegan Gourmet Cheese Alternative-All Natural-Dairy Free-Gluten Free-Cheddar --- It Melts !!! \ " Ask me if you want to see the picture . " 
hates getting blood drawn . 
is arguing with other people on the ScienceNOW < PROPFEMALE > . 
is disappointed the office did not come on last night . :( 
is carrying her bedroom door around Greenville . 
Shoping , studying , and science fair ! 
got some great deals and has some even better friends ! :) 
is sick . 
has 60 math problems to do and 6 exams to study for . I might lose my mind ... 
What would happen if good words and bad words had a fight ? 
Exams are over ! 
Cold pizza ... 
Where are the flying monkeys when you need them ? 
is auditioning today . 
Snow ? 
watched her teacher slip and fall on the ice today . 
Happy Groundhog Day ! 
So exactly why are people changing their profile pictures of themselves to celebrity pictures ? 
No school for me today . 
gave her cats a bath last night . They are still angry . 
got an iGoogle . 
When did Smokey the Bear get so buff ? It looks like he is going to kill someone with that shovel . 
is watching the snow slowly fall outside her window while sipping a cup of hot tea . A wonderful ending to a great day . 
____________/\\_________\\o/________AAAHHHHH ! A SHARK !!! ________ 
Can't get tryptic soy agar to right temp , ruined half of the petri dishes I need , will not be able to make science fair due date , has no idea how to transfer the E . Coli to the dishes , and has only slept 3 hours in the last 5 days , all while having a mental break down at the same time . 
1 . Go to Google . 2 . Type in : Where can I find < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ? 3 . Click I'm feeling lucky . 
So I have to humiliate myself infront of the entire school tomorrow . Well , I might as well go out with a bang . Now what can I do with six vials of e . coli ( aprox . 120 applications ) and a match ? 
Missed the science fair because she was sick . Does anyone know who won ? 
Why does setting 6 even exist on my toaster ? 
is watching the Lord of the Rings extended version . ( It's very long . ) 
Uh oh . An over due book has just been discovered . 
3:13 Is the < PROPMALE > of time . 
The LG logo looks alot like Pacman when turned on its side . 
Exhausted . 1 1/2 hours of driving . 
Go away cold . 
Nostalgia isn’t what it used to be . 
Spitting lizards . 
Step 1 : Go to Google . Step 2 : Enter \1227\ " Step 3 : Click I'm feeling lucky . " 
finished installing the door . 
It's spring break and I still have to learn . 
The people at the Arbys drive-through can be weird . 
__ ??????? ?? l ??? ?? l ? * ?? ?????? ??? | ?????? ???? ?????????? ???????? ? | ??? ? ?????? ?? l ????. __ 
climbed up and down a moutain BAREFOOT 2.6 < PROPMALE > . It was awsome . 
More than 2.5 billion pictures are uploaded to Facebook each month . 
Did anyone else notice that Afghanistan is the only country that starts with an A that does not end with an A ? 
Procrastination isn't the problem , it's the solution . So procrastinate now , don't put it off 
Why is it so hard to find regular butter ? All I wanted was regular butter . Instead I have to dig through around twenty different kinds . Salted , unsalted , fat free , spreadable , fat free spreadable , something that taste like butter ( I can't believe it's not good ! ) , and what's with this spray butter ? Butter in a bottle ? I can feel my left ventricle slamming shut as I write this . 
Respond Windows Internet Explorer ! Respond ! 
Where did the sun go ? 
\To be or not to be . \ " That's not really a question . " 
is nursing a baby bird back to health . 
set Legolas free . Happy ending are always the best . 
set Legolas free . Happy endings are the best kind . :) 
I finished instaling the stereo in my ( future ) car . Next I have to finish tearing down the wallpaper in my room . Perhaps procrastination can help me with that . 
End of day 2 . Still working on the room . Finished painting the trim today and put the joint compound on the walls . Tomorrow sanding and painting the base coat . This is taking longer than I thought . 
Step 1 : Stop microwave at one second . Step 2 : Feel like a bomb defuser . 
Beached whales are the retarted whales of the whale community . 
< PROPFEMALE > . hahaha April Fools ! 
Pancakes and chocolate syrup . Best brinner EVER . 
Fail of the week : Slashing a tire while trying to back out of the driveway . 
When did the Easter < PROPFEMALE > start bringing coffee makers ? 
when ya rght lk ths ya know . It looks rather stupid . Take the time to put down the full words and put proper punctuation . When you don't , it's annoying . 
is watching the NCAA Basketball Championship with her awsome brother . Go Duke ! 
hates it when she finds out the hard way that the milk went sour . 
New pics are up !!! 
is watching the birds sing . 
tried to play fetch with her dog but he keeps eating the stick . 
Sound doesn't travel in outer space . So if someone talks in outer space have they realy spoken ? 
is planning ... 
just finished seeing Clash of the Titans . Words can not describe the awsomeness of it . And the musical composition was uber superb . It went perfectly with the movie . Overall , as good as the first if not better . 
is almost finished with A Spell for Chameleon . 
The answer is A . * fills in bubble * Next answer is B . * fills in bubble * Next answer is C . * fills in bubble * Almost perfect ! Next answer is ... B ? Nooooooo !!! 
I need a female chaperone for a field trip i'm planning ... 
' s mom is at a Bon Jovi concert in NC with her Aunt . Not quite sure what to think about that . 
Why are 1996 US pennies worth more than 1967 US pennies ? 
is staying up all night watching < PROPFEMALE > Trek movies . The ones with Captian < PROPMALE > . ( Still can't decide which one is better . ) 
\The needs of the many are greater then the needs of the few . \"" 
just got a huge supply book from the company that goofed up her science fair project . I'm thinking about burning it , or some other explosive fiery death . 
is going to the new IMAX theater with < PROPFIRST > Gosine to see < PROPFEMALE > Trek at 9:40 . Realy happy I have awsome parents . 
So apparently Facebook thinks I need drug rehab . 
Cueing crickets . 
203 . That's how many pictures I have from the history fair today . 203 . Also I have a very large sunburn to go with them . ( Worth it ! ) 
Tonights forcast : Dark . 
Waiting on the world to change . 
Math book word problems become even more confusing when they use a language I'm not even sure is still english and give unrealistic amounts of unicorns that < PROPFEMALE > and Cordoner herded . Homework is to help us learn the concepts given . Right ? 
The Game . You just lost it . 
Happy Asparagus Month ! 
Hint : Make sure the person you are speaking about is not around when you are talking about them . 
The History Channel : Just a bunch of re-runs . 
Vomit flavor Jelly Beans . A rely funny / realy mean trick . 
This status is now unsanitary . Where's the Lysol ? 
Antibiotics , contrary to popular belief , are actually rather annoying to keep up with . 
' s cat is licking the mail envelopes . Yep , it's a status about my cat . There went 6.53 seconds of your time . For anyone who may still actualy be reading this it's Tarminator ( Tar Tar ) . Yep , my cat has a nickname . There went 11.58 more seconds of your time . That's 18.11 seconds lost forever . You realy should get a hobby . 
One of my favorite things --- Going to the library and picking out the largest most confusing book they have and telling everyone who looks \Just going to do some light reading ! \"" 
Political bumper stickers- You are not going to change the path of my existence within the few seconds I am behind your car in traffic . 
' s camera was broken . I died a little on the inside today . 
Bubble gum- Bringing people together since 1928 . 
It's amazing just how small we are in the universe , yet how big of an affect we have on the lives of others around us without even knowing it . 
Did you ever think three years ago that we would be such good friends ? 
Not so ramdom fact : If Earth were the size and weight of a table tennis ball , the Sun would measure 12 feet and weigh 3 tons . On this scale , Earth would orbit the sun at a distance of 1,325 feet . 
I just watched four ants through a dead fly into a swimming pool . I have , therefore , concluded from this encounter that ants are the mafia of the animal kingdom . Which then leads me to wonder what did the fly do to make the ants so angry ? Perhaps he was a spy fly working with the FBI . ( The FBI of the animal kingdom being something like an aligator or any other animal with a rather large bite . ) 
loved being a pirate ! 
Alright < PROPFEMALE>'s , \Asian\ " is not a flavor . Got it ? " 
The first emotion experienced in the day should not be alarm . ( i.e. alarm clocks ) I'm now alarmed , irrated , and annoyed . Ready for school ! 
Great begining to an extra long weekend . From feild day to hanging with friends not a boing moment since I left school early Thursday ! Now to make thai pizza ... 
If you don't want anyone to ask then why are posting about it for all of Facebook to see ? Attention perhaps ? 
There should be a minimum IQ requirement for internet access . 
Loves to read a good book and listen to the storm . 
Olnly the curious have something to find . 
' s skin is the colour of a ripe strawberry . Four hours in direct sunlight without any sunscreen is a bad idea . Now where did I put that aloe < PROPFEMALE > ? 
Poking a < PROPFEMALE > hive in a bird house with a stick . Not the best idea . 
Miracle Grow : Steroids for plants . 
Bought a new camera . ( Finaly ) . Much nicer than the last , but I still wish I had more time to earn extra money to buy an even better one . Still , Morgoth is great . 
is waiting for the rest of her family to get up to leave for < PROPFEMALE > . 
is in VA Beach . 
Loving the beach ! But no internet .... Who cares ? I'm going to go watch the waves ! 
Getting caught in the rain on the beach is romantic . Getting caught in the rain on the beach with your brother is annoying . 
had a staring contest with an alligator . 
After a seven hour drive it's good to be home . 
Silly Bandz , will someone please remind me why they are so popular ? ( And why they have to use a \z\ " at the end of band ? ) " 
Mutant Gummi Bears just made my day . 
Found a turtle and named it Mr. T . 
\Love is the pulse of the entire universe . \ " -La Traviata by < PROPMALE > Verdi " 
Adventure comes from bad planning . 
So they are removing analogies from the SATs . Thats like .... ? 
has couch-burn . It's kinda like rug-burn but it is acquired by falling off the couch while fighting over a pen with your brother . 
Divide by zero . 
just baked 60 chocolate chips cookies and hasn't a clue what to do with them . 
Dad-\A hard drive is a non-volatile storage device that stores digitally encoded data .. \ " New Guys -\" What ? \ " Dad -\" Well basically it's like a giant file cabnet ... \ " New Guys -\" What ? \ " Me -\" And you call yourselves nerds . \"" 
While putting together a < PROPFEMALE > Wars foosball table at church tonight little 2-year-old < PROPMALE > thought he would help by brandishing his \lightsaber\ " and yelling at anyone who passed \ " I WANNA FIGHT !!! \ " Thankfully he defeated Darth Vader before he stole all of the screws and rescued his sister from the clutches of death . " 
is having fun hanging with her awsome cousin < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Gosine ! 
\You wern't born with your plumbing on the outside ! \ " Leave it to Grandma to make everyone feel awkward . " 
has the stomach bug . It's like my own little slice of Hell . 
Had a wonderful day at the lake with her family's family . 2nd cousin's cousin's uncle something . It's confusing . 
is looking for more books to read . Any suggestions ? 
is celebrating one year without meat . 
Eeny meeny miny mo , catch a tiger by his toe , if he hollers let him go , eeny min -- Why did I ever use this song to make inportant life decisions anyways ? 
The longest word in the English language , according to the Oxford English Dictionary , is pneumonoultramicroscopics- ilicovolcanoconiosis . The only other word with the same amount of letters is pneumonoultra-microscopicsilicovol- canoconioses , its plural . Sucks for the kid who has to spell that at the < PROPFEMALE > . 
Did you ever go out on a clear night without anything to light the world around you but the light of the < PROPFEMALE > ? Because the view is awsome . 
Climb a moutain with an angry cat sometime . I can assure you it will be very ..... interesting . 
When I see a jogger smiling , I'll consider it . 
is doing homework . Yes I know it's summer . I didn't exspect this when I signed up for the CFC Conference . 
is off to < PROPFEMALE > . 
Ahhh public speaking .... Let the humiliation begin ! 
loved ICC and has decided instead of going straight to college after high school , she will join the ICC team and travel the country for a year . 
made < PROPFEMALE > apples . Or should I say failed at making < PROPFEMALE > apples ? ( And a < PROPFEMALE > pear ) 
failed the drivers test faster than she has ever failed before . I didn't even make it out of the parking lot . 
is back on the horse . 
My computer beat me at solitaire , but I sure beat it at kickboxing . 
My hobby ? Going to the library , finding the bigest and most complicated books , stacking them around me , and frivolously jotting down notes . If anyone asks I tell them I'm trying to divide by zero then ask them if they have a delorean I could borrow . 
Want to annoy someone ? Wear a REALY big hat to the movies . 
There are so many types of shoes . There's so many categories , and I really have no idea what type of shoe I need at any given time . And I go in there , I find it a little bit overwhelming . ' Welcome to the shoe store ! What are you looking for ? Are you looking for walking shoes ? ' Well , uh , I'd like to have that option . Hopefully , they're adjustable . I mean , I'd like to be able to turn them up to other settings , as well . 
If you toss a < PROPFEMALE > 10,000 times , it will not be heads 5,000 times , but more like 4,950 . The heads picture weighs more , so it ends up on the bottom . Next time someone wants to flip a coin pick tails . 
Goodbye summer . Hello first day of school . 
Thanks to everyone for all the birthday wishes ! 
On my to do list homework is at the top . Oddly enough everything else but homework has been crossed off . 
I liked it in kindergarten when you got an A for drawing a pony that looked more like a disfigured cat , math was basically nonexistent , writing your name was the biggest essay of the year , show and tell was actually fun , and at the end of the day you got to clean your desk with shaving cream . 
Submarine racing : not much fun to watch . 
When somepeople get up in the morning its like their getting off the bench at a basketball game . Me , I'm like a lame cow in the road . 
I'm writing an essay . I've got the < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > done , so now I just have to fill in the rest . 
Thank God for double spaced papers . 
Dress up as a referee and walk into a Foot Locker . You gotta try this . It freaks them out . They get all insecure . The guy's like , ' Wait a second , can I help you ? ' I was like , ' Can I help you , man ? I , too , am a referee . Maybe we could work it out together . ' And then someone will ask me for a size 10 , and I'll be like , ' Do I look like I work here , chief ? ' Ah , the joys of costumes . 
put laundry detergent in the dish washer . ( accidentally ! ) Now I have a kitchen full of bubbles to clean up . Great . 
The minute they put the nachos on the table , everybody becomes an enemy because there's allways a fight over who gets what nacho . No one ever wants the naked ones around the perimeter . But there's that one big Powerball nacho that somehow is connected to all the other nachos on the plate . It's the one everyone is trying to get by tricking eachother into giving it up . 
failed her drivers test again . The lady said that I get too nervous . I wonder what could make her think that ? Mabey it was because I used the median as a third < PROPFIRST > ... 
is trying to understand the Thomistic Synthesis , which would be alot easier if I didn't have a quiz about it tommorow . 
So this company says they make their product \from scratch\ " . \ 
woke to find a live frog in her bed this morning . Blasted cats . 
In after school colouring with the kindergarteners I decided to ask them a few questions about what I was studying . This is what happened :\ 
\ 
Me-\What do you think philosophy is ? \ " \ 
Hot dosen't describe it . More like inappropriate . 
Another after school coversation :\ 
\What if you were five again ? \ " -Harris\ 
is sore from all the walking . Worth it though . The kids were great . I think they enjoyed it too . 
So I listened to a Clemson vs < PROPFEMALE > debate today . I think my IQ droped 10 points . 
Raccoons have too much self-confidence . Look at the way they dress -- that is way too much for the forest : big fur jumpsuit , the black driving gloves , the striped tail , little sunglasses . Come on raccoon , what you trying to prove ? 
I got an A on my drivers test today ! And the driving tester even complemented me on my driving skills . I still do not want to * EVER * have to do that again though . 
On the back of a \take and bake cookie\ " box : DO NOT EAT RAW COOKIE DOUGH\ 
So apparently some parts of the world are having problems with pirates . I thought that once something arrived at Disney it was no longer a threat in real life . Which is why I don't exspect to get attacked by a giant tea cup any time soon . 
The mattress store has something called a \public loner pillow\ " . Because I was having such a hard time finding a lice farm to stick my head into before . Even if I boiled the pillow and dried it in the microwave in the break room I still wouldn't feel comfortable curling up for a nap with that . " 
TEIAM - problem . solved . 
just woke up out of a sugar coma . Not the best feeling . 
made a garage with the kids in after care today out of play doh . So far we have two monster trucks , a race car , a jeep , and one really awsome dragon . 
Washing Machine : Something interesting to watch when the library is closed and there is nothing good on TV . 
ran out of the fun Band-Aids . :( 
You know your a spanish student when you write inverted question marks on home work other than your spanish . 
I don't get lollipops . Why would I want garbage with my < PROPFEMALE > ? 
got in a car accident . Not my fault . The other person ran a red light and drove off after hitting me . Not what I expected on an afternoon trip to the library . 
had a wonderfull time being a lion . ( Still need a bit more practice , it's been sugested that I try dancing more . ) Now off to a midnight showing of < PROPMALE > Potter . 
Facebook , you are already one of the tabs that first pop up when I open my browser . Stop asking me to make you my only tab . That would be unfair to Google and welcometointernet.org . And you know Bing doesn't take rejection well . 
What does a japanese tourist think when he sees < PROPMALE > comming down 5th avenue ? Its got to be unsettling for the poor guy . 
Parents are out of town ' till Saturday ! This means I can do what ever I want . Like eat ice cream for breakfast or make a drum set with the pots and pans or spray paint things ! Wait , I already do those things even when my parents are home . 
Day 5 with no parents . The food supply is running low . I have some money they left that I could use to buy more with ... or I could trade it in for an awsome pair of high-heel boots . Food or fashion ? Nourishment or awsomeness ? 
Day 7 with no parents . Conflict has struck between the remaining survivers over what little is left of the food rations . This weeks chalenge involves taking down the Thanksgiving decorations and putting up the Christmas ones . I narrowed down who to vote out of the house to two of the survivors : my brother or my dog , Bonsai . It will most likely be my brother though . 
Isn't winter just the best time of year ? Yes , yes it is . Especially since I get to wear the best accessory possibly ever invented : Boots . Shoes are wonderful are they not ? 
\I'm a zombie half prairie dog half < PROPMALE > shepherd who can run on two legs ! \ " said < PROPFIRST > . Then after realizing she couldn't hold a sword in her zombie dog form ( as pointed out by Jackon ) clarified by stating \ " I can also sword fight ! \ " . Then stabbed me and pronounced me dead . " 
In the tune of \My Favorite Things\ " :\ 
Think of all the tape < PROPFEMALE > must use . 
I'm picking up three kittens from iso today . I can't wait to give them a < PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
Kitten sneezes = 9 on the Cute-O'-Meter 
It's snowing on Christmas day ! This means I can now apply more Christmas songs to my life . 
Making ice bears at 1:00 A.M. Very fun . 
Bowler hats and suspenders . Yep , a good day for me . 
Running around Khol's parking lot in sock feet , Grandmother wearing a pair of Pumas , Suprise parties , and over 50 ballons I blew up that I now have no idea what to do with because I spent to much time blowing them up to pop them . Great day . 
I hate to be mean snow , but could you go away ? Quite frankly you are very cold and I can make anything out of you because you are too powdery . Also , I need to get back to school as I have not been there for classes in over a month and my teachers might send me even more homework to do over the snow break if they catch on . 
I just bought a lifetime supply of Chapstick . That's right . I bought one tube of Chapstick . 
just accidentally poisoned her brother . Whoops . 
I would talk in iambic pentameter if it were easier . 
I just found out you can buy trophies . Guess who just became great at bowling , basketball , soccer , and everything else ? 
I went to Barnes and < PROPMALE > earlier to buy a Where's < PROPMALE > book . When I got there , I couldn't find the book anywhere . Well played < PROPMALE > , well played . 
Have you ever had a fly or small bug land on your computer screen and your first reaction is to try and scare it with the cursor ? 
Why does Facebook bother to give the option of “liking” my own comment ? Of course I like my own comments . Why would I not ? 
What did I do today ? I made a few squirrels very happy with around 3,684 acorns . 
When in doubt , mumble . 
So I’ve narrowed it down and I’m either gonna start a motorcycle gang or take a nap . 
I bet my fish rolls his eyes when I tell people on the phone how busy I am . 
Cleaning up after children is like shoveling snow while it's still snowing . 
I'm bunking with my cousin and her daughter this week in < PROPFEMALE > . So far little ladybug has been giving me cookies and playing \hide people's stuff\ " and \ " dance party\ " with me . Best roommate I've ever had . " 
Making animal sounds at people off the balcony with my little cousin . 
Went to the White House today and got pulled aside at the first check point . Apparently I look like a threat to national security . 
You can tell how well someone has studied by how well they are protecting their test paper . 
What I need is a universal mute button . 
I've never tipped a cow . Then again , one has never served me food . 
This is < PROPFEMALE > . It is my God given right to be loudly opinionated about something I am completely ignorant of . 
I already have a 3D television . I call it \my window . \"" 
I saw a bald eagle today . All of its feathers were combed over to one side . 
Solid center surrounded by molten layers and a thin crust , the Earth sounds delicious . 
Taking care of three sick forster kittens ' till Thursday . 
I just realized that I’m still “it” from a game of tag in 1997 . 
I’m probably 0 for 400 in looking for safes behind wall paintings . 
I think I miss < PROPMALE > the driver < PROPMALE > class on how inching forward every 5 seconds at a r < PROPMALE > light makes it turn green faster . 
They say 1 is the loneliest number , but I bet 0 is even lonelier . Not only is he a single digit , he’s fat . 
I’m tired of being dissed by automated restroom paper towel dispensers . 
I had a good time being Widow < PROPFEMALE > tonight and an even better time wearing her dress to Bi-Lo . 
I love how , in scary movies , the person yells out , “Hello ? ” As if the bad guy is gonna be like , “Yeah , I`m in the kitchen ! Want a sandwich ? ” 
The subject line starts “Fwd : Re : Fwd : RE : RE : Re : “ , so there’s no way this isn’t a complete waste of time . 
Places I learn about World War 2 : 13% History class / 78% Video Games . 
The world is round , so it has no point . \ 
Thanks geometry ! 
I wouldn’t be so scared of spiders if they were wearing < PROPFEMALE > shoes . 
