Moving is a testament of will , that's for sure ! 

it's gonna be a hot one ! 
just got done swimming ;) 
is taking blue for a walk 
is loving Yellow Springs ;) 
is waiting for my car to be fixed !!! aaarrrggh !!!! 
going to comfest ...... i think 
went to comfest and must now drink beer ;P 
needs coffee 
just moved to Ohio and has a job interview :) 
wondering how GM can even make a car like Saturn .....??? 
ready for the weekend already ! 
got a job in Yellow Springs today ! Woo hoo ! 
needs more Jamaica in my soul 
just had orientation for a NEW job ! So far so good ! 
loves living in Yellow Springs ! :) 
finally got my car back from Saturn !!!!! 
Wants to ride my bike ...... alas there is rain :P 
Started my new job yesterday ! 
WOO HOOO the weekend is here !!! 
can't get the Black Eyed Peas out of my HEAD !!!!!! AAARgh ! 
needs a vacation !!!! 
Back from the pool ...... I LOVE summer !!!! 
loves beer and friends :)))) 
Record stores here we come !!!!! 
Anyone know where I can get CD101 tickets at the LC this weekend ???? They are sold out !!! 
has decided I need a tattoo !!! 
Back from North < PROPFEMALE > .... ready to work again ! 
Working in < PROPMALE > now .... gotta go where the money is :P 
can't believe I am Thirty Two :P !!!! 
Visiting the rents :)))))) 
wishes my laundry would dry 
One week of commuting left then I get transferred !!!! woo hoo ! 
only kinda likes rain 
does the funky chicken at work sometimes 
Just saw the midnight showing of \Paranormal Activity\ " ...... CrEeEEEEepy !!!!! " 
thinks work is overrated 
going to play pool ! 
I ( of course ) kicked A ** in pool !!!!!! 
Had to drive through white-out conditions ! talk about nerve racking !!!! 
Back to work tomorrow ! A short week though !!!! 
Just set up my scanner !!!!!!!! 
HAPPY OLD YEAR !!!!! HAPPIER NEW YEAR !!!!!!! 
HAPPY NEW GRAY HAIRS !!!!! 
Spent the new year with my Grandpa and no alcohol , one of the best New Years ever ! 
* one tear * vacation is over 
why is it so cold 
kooky kooky lend me your comb 
is one of the slow drivers in the snow , sorry , just pass me :) 
Let’s see how forthcoming my facebook friends are . Leave a 1 word comment that you think best describes me . It can only be one word . No more than 1 word . Then copy & paste this post on your wall so I can leave a word about you . This should be interesting . 
C-bus tonite , YIPPIE ! 
like a boss ! 
needs another day off !!! :) 
is tarred and feathered 
Ready for Warm Weather !!!!!! 
Thinks the weekend should start on Thursday :P 
became a fan ..... and I will blow you away :O ) 
is typing a message on Facebook . 
is going to Greenfield tonight . 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this under status , and put the first entry under comments ....... 
is having a < PROPMALE > attack this morning before work . 
Home from work EARLY ! YAY ! 
is thirsty . 
shed some layers and just found more onion . 
thunder just shook my house ! 
\All that is great cannot be possessed - and that is one of the most foolish things man goes on doing . We want to possess . \"- Osho " 
I thought I saw a mouse on the floor until I got closer and it was spider ! I almost puked ! I am scarred for life now . 
ouch , burnt skin . 
Week so far :\ 
Transvestite drag < PROPFEMALE > at the dollar store\ 
Killed at least 12 spiders\ 
Metal leg man running on the highway\ 
Worming my cat and reading about said worms to find out Humans can get them\ 
Old lady telling me the Drag < PROPFEMALE > is \Naaaasty\ " \ 
has spent the last week and a half bottle feeding a newborn kitten < PROPFIRST > found under a bush . Sadly his siblings did not make it , but \snoots\ " is going strong just hope he/she can < PROPFEMALE > in there . " 
I read that facebook is now posting phone < PROPFIRST > ? I remember when that was called a phone book ! :) 
cuban missile 102 mph ! 
It was a REBEL YELL kinda night ! SAW < PROPFIRST > FOOKIN ' IDOL tonight ! For FREE at that ! 
Just got a new job and now have three more interviews lined up . What to do ..... 
RIP Ross ... :( 
Pleaserepost : There is a memorial fund set up at Fifth Third Bank for < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > . All donations will be given to the family to help offset funeral costs , as < PROPMALE > had no insurance . Any donations made are very greatly appreciated by the family . < PROPMALE > was a 1994 Grad of Mcclain , he ......... was a wonderful father of 3 great kids . You may make a donation at any Fifth Third Bank ! Thank you in advanceSee More 
dang you Vanilla Ice and your crazy clown now I have frizzy hair . 
RIP Gabby , you will be missed by many :( 
tried Eel sushi tonight 
purposely did not vote today . 
Headed to Gfield tomorry 
Happy thanksmas 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! Thought I'd be the first to say it . 
Changeyour profile pic to a picture of a cartoon from your childhood and invite your friends to do the same . The meaning of the game ? To not see asingle human face on facebook , until Tuesday , instead to see an invasion of memories ... ( FOR THE FIGHT AGAINST CHILD ABUSE ) 
Last minute Chicago trip stat , Woo Hoo ! 
Many people look forward to the new year for a new start on old habits . ~ Author Unknown 
I smell Spring and Baseball in the air ! 
Go BUCKEYES !!!! 
Way to go Reds !!!! 
