Before 2010 ends ... 

This year could have been sooooo much better . But next year without a doubt will be a good though . :D 
< PROPFIRST > Styles ( a volcano expert ): Well , she's gonna blow ! \ 
< PROPMALE > ( the mayor ): Yep , she sure is ... Never mind heer , what about this giant hole ( the volcano) ? \ 
\ 
Lol , I love \Whose Line is it Anyway ? \ " XD " 
Siting around playing Phoenix Wright , eating Warheads , waiting for the new year . :D 
< PROPFEMALE > New Year ! :D 
< PROPFEMALE > New Year ! Stay safe , and stay smart ! And especially stay in school kids ! 
So how am I starting the new year ? A nice , warm shower . :D 
YES !!! I'm finally done with the journal entries !!! :D 
So yesterday my family and I spent about two and a half hours at a Direct Tv table at Walmart talking to the representative . First it started out the way most sales pitches go . Then he started talking with my dad about why he thinks Yo Gaba Gaba is a creepy show , then he talked with my dad about some old shows , who would win in a fight between Ninja Turtles and Power Rangers , and a bunch of other crazy stuff ! XD 
I love Netflix . :) I'll probably work on watching the entire Last Airbender series after I'm done with < PROPMALE > Phantom . But for now , I'm gonna watch the Spurs game and see how the Spurs beat the Thunder by 27 points ! Life is good right now ! :D 
So apparently I had one more present . But it was hiding under the Christmas tree somewhere and it was partially open . \Apollo Justice : Ace Attorney\ " . That was one game that I really wanted ! " 
That reunion yesterday was great ! I didn't know having so many K- SAT students in the same place could be so dangerous , I can't wait for the next one ! 
Has anyone ever been swimming at a beach in California ? Well you'll know what I mean when I say never go swimming at < PROPFEMALE > park unless it us 100 degrees . That water is almost as cold as the water in California's beaches . 
I'm glad i had my flashlight with me when the lights went out because my sisters were freaking out . My youngest one was halfway through crying when the lights came back up . She stopped crying , smiled wide , and said \I'm not scared anymore ! \ " . It was so funny XD " 
I'm playing hide and seek at the ETA lock- in . I've been hiding for twenty minutes and they forgot about me ... 
I'm so glad summer's here . I don't think i could have taken taken another day like those last 3 ( those exams were a lot harder than i expected and i actually studied for them ;_;) ... that lock- in yesterday really helped me feel better . Too bad the K-SAT reunion wasn't today or tomorrow because that was the most fun I've had all year . 
My dad got tickets to a baseball game tomorrow ... too bad I'm not interested in baseball or I'd be twice as excited as i already am . I'm excited because I'll get to get out if the house . I did so much of absolutely nothing today that my bones started to ache and I'm dying of ( or is dies the phrase have \from\ " in it ? ) boredom . Tomorrow should be fun . " 
Sorry , shape writer on my phone hates me . I meant to say \or does the phrase have ' from ' in it ? \"" 
Ugh ... i had to get up early today to go to school and make some banners for the school . At least I'll get some community service hours . 
I just found out today that a conversation with a bunch of ETA students could be even funnier , crazier , and creepier than a conversation with a bunch of ( former ) K-SAT students . Zach Ludoph , < PROPFEMALE > Ludoph , < PROPFIRST > Rivera , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > altape , and Haziel ( insert his last name here ) know what I'm talking about . 
Trying to play a song ( Trouble , by Coldplay ) by ear on an instrument you've never played before ( the piano ) is a lot more difficult than it sounds ... 
I hate thunder/lightning ... the electricity went off on me while I was in the restroom earlier ... \ 
;_; 
is a Digbyholic 
I accidentally stabbed myself in the ankle with an exacto knife earlier ... it was more bloody than painful , and it wasn't very deep . 
I'm so bored , I can't wait until we go on vacation next week ( I'm going to Florida ! ) ... 
I just finished reading Firestarter and i need to say ( as I've said after every < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > book I've read ) that it is the ( or at least one of the ) best books I have ever read ! But as usual the ending was a disappointing cliffhanger that , well , left me hanging . If < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > could have written better ( or at least satisfying endings ) he would be in everyone's top ten list of the greatest writers of all time . 
Ah , I can finally start sleeping in and staying up later . Knowing my luck , though , that'll change soon ; _ : 
I had a nightmare involving zombies ( and zombie warlocks , or dwarfs , I'm not sure which ) with machine guns . And there was an epic battle between the zombies and the army on the street behind my house . It was actually pretty graphic for being a dream and yet thinking back , it wasn't as scary as I thought it was when I was having it . 
About to eat some barbeque ... I can't wait until my dad finishes ( it's been two hours since he started ! ) . 
Just finished watching < PROPFEMALE > , and I have a few things to say . First , I think I know how a < PROPFEMALE > is like a writing desk , but I'm not sure how to explain it . Second , I am the epitome of muchness :P 
Hates when he goes to sleep late and wakes up early :/ 
Ugh ... headache , nausea , achy bones/ muscles , and the back of my left eye is hurting me , all from sitting around doing nothing all day ... now I remember why I start missing school every year about two weeks into summer . About 70-80% of my summer days are like this ;_; ( I can't wait until I leave for Florida on Friday ) . 
Wow i need to get out more ( or at least remember to turn on my light so my room won't be almost pitch black except for the t . v . ) . I just went outside right now and the sun burned my eyes . 
Oh headaches , why must you torment me so ? >.< 
If you're brave copy this to your status , and see what people rate you . ( 1 ) crazy ( 2 ) wish we went out ( 3 ) talkative ( 4 ) sarcastic ( 5 ) lovable ( 6 ) sexy ( 7 ) strong ( 8 ) dumb ( 9 spoiled ( 10 ) mouthy ( 11 ) wild ( 12 ) goofy ( 13 ) funny ( 14 ) awesomely awesome ( 15 ) beautiful ( 16 ) amazing ( 17 ) cute ( 18 ) drama < PROPFEMALE > ( 19 ) want to get to know you ( 20 ) best friend 
is officially on his way to Florida ... whoo ! I can't wait ! Too bad I'll be on the road for 24 hours straight . Oh well , it's more fun this way ^_^ 
Just got out of New Orleans about 20 minutes ago , my dad took a wrong turn and added about thirty miles/thirty-forty minutes to our trip . I'm surprised he doesn't want to take a break and sleep for a few hours . This is about the time we would normally stop on these long trips . 
In Florida already , but there's still about 5-6 hours left in our drive ;_; 
Just witnessed a random act of kindness . Some people dropped something from the back of their car and a group of eighteen wheelers stopped on the highway ( therefore stopping traffic ) so they could safely move/ remove whatever fell from the car . 
Going to the beach ! 
Tried doing bodyboarding , but the waves were too weak . My dad said they were nothing like the waves at California , which he said would leave is chest red when it hit him . The water was so salty , and the waves ( although weak and occasionally high ) were so unpredictable by the time we got out my nose , eyes , and throat burned soooooooooooooooo badly . 
So I ate a $30 plate of mahi mahi , otherwise known as dolphin . It actually tasted very good . 
Is at Miami ! 
The water in South Beach Miami was so beautiful ! I didn't get to get in it because I wasn't expecting to go to a beach so I didn't wear my swimming trunks , but I heard ( from my mom and sister ) the water felt good . Also , there was a lady on the beach without a top on ... isn't that illegal , or am I mistaken ? For the record , I didn't see anything . 
I love hot weather . It's strange , because we just walked around in Miami for 2 1/2 hours and my father ( who could wear a t- shirt and shorts in 40 degree weather or a suit in 90 degree weather without complaining ) was complaining that the sun felt like it was \baking\ " us . I was barely sweating most of the time and my dad was sweating almost the whole time . " 
The radio in my room just randomly turned on ... 
Is going to take an airboat tour ! 
Dinner was interesting . My dad had swordfish , and I had something with < PROPMALE > crab , shrimp , mussel , clam , something from a squid/octopus ( my dad thinks suction cups ) , sausage , and various vegetables . Someone from Montreal Canada randomly came over and played the harmonica for us . He was very nice . We also met some people from < PROPMALE > staying in the same hotel as us ! 
Twenty minutes until I'm at Key West ! I just passed a street named cutthroat XD 
( Due to leaving too late and poor planning ) I'm sad because I didn't get to get in the water , or even go to the beach . I got to see how beautiful the water was on the drive to Key West , but I didn't get to see it up close or feel it\ 
;_; ;_; ;_; ;_; ;_; ;_; :'( :'( :'( :'( :'( :'( 
There's not many things I can do for several hours , and sitting still isn't one of them . But I could sit in the Florida sun for hours . The heat is just soooooooo comfortable ! 
Is now leaving Florida :'( \ 
I should be back home by this time tomorrow morning ;_; 
* sarcastically * I would much rather be on Facebook than see all the awesome sights from Florida to Texas . * without sarcasm * I'll probably do that for real though . 
Sooooooooooo boooooooooooored ! I have no idea how its been thirteen hours since we left , time went by so fast , but I wish it would go by faster so I could get home already D: 
Ah ... finally home ! 
Ugh ... I can't believe its been two hours since I got home . I can't sleep and they stopped showing < PROPFIRST > Lopez :/\ 
What do I do ? 
Our waitress at Chile's mistook my two year old sister ( Addi ) for a boy ... those were a few awkward moments . Is there some kind of vitamin or food we could give her that will make her hair grow ? This isn't the first time that this has happened either . 
Finally fixed my computer ( but I had to erase all my information not backed up D: ) ! My first time on Facebook on a regular computer , and now I have to go play voleyball con mi familia ^_^ 
It's weird . Out of the four sports I love to play , the one I love the most and the one that's my weakest sport never frustrates me . When I get mad in basketball I don't feel like throwing a chair , I just play harder . I never got mad from tennis in the year I played it because I knew I was just learning ... in volleyball and bowling however , I get mad enough to punch somebody :/ 
Pheonix Wright is a BEAST ! He can prove his dfendant's innocence and solve the murder case even when he has amnesia ! 
\Foolish fool who foolishly dreams of foolish dreams\ " \ 
Do I eat < PROPMALE > Millers or Chinese food for dinner ? I don't think I can make such a decision right now >.< 
Just got to play with the HTC Evo . It's basically a waaaaaaaaay better version of the Hero . I can't believe I wasted my parents ' money on the Hero when we could have gotten the evo six months layer :'( 
I heard the news about Lady Gaga having 10 million Facebook fans on CNN . I thought news stations were supposed to bring us important stories . Don't get the wrong idea , just because I hate her doesn't mean I'm taking this < PROPMALE > to hate on her . Even if < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > Digby , or any one of my other idols reached 10 million fans , I still think that news stations have more important stories to focus on right now . 
Is watching the all day House marathon on USA ... and just saw the episode where Kutner kills himsellf :( 
I think I'll stop watching House , one depressing episode after another is almost too much to take in one day . It would be perfect if I was looking for inspiration to write , but since I have all the inspiration I need right now , I think I'll see if I can find something funny on . * crosses fingers * Psych , don't fail me now ! 
I jsut realized what day it is ... happy Fourth of July ! :P 
Sooooooo bored ... 
< PROPFIRST > Stiles : That's quite a sensation when those vetabre rub together . \ 
< PROPFIRST > Carrey : No really , are you okay ? Because I saw you saying \Ow 
It's my sister's birthday today ! She turned 5 ( and she's almost as tall as me when I was 7) ! 
Just left Chuckee Cheese's after being there for FOUR HOURS !!!!! 
So I figured out the hard way that if I'm going to sleep at three or four and waking up at noon , I'll stay stuck in this rut until I'm forced to wake up early . ( i lied down to go to sleep at midnight and was up at four figuring this out . 
So i shaved last night ... for the fist time in three weeks ... 
I just realized that with my spiked hair and shark tooth necklace I look like one of those laid back surfer dudes :D . 
\Chuck < PROPMALE > will never have a heart attack . His heart isn't nearly foolish enough to attack him . \ " \ 
Is at his sister's birthday party :D ! We've been here since 8 :D 
Never again do I want to have a , or go to a , birthday party at a park . I was standing up the whole time , my feet and legs hurt soooo much . But my ankle has been feeling like I rolled it for days now , but standing up so much , and wearing Converse , made it waaaaaay worse :( . Sure I got to play volleyball , but I was doing so bad I would have had more fun ... I don't know how to finish that , but I was still frustrated . 
\Like a virgin you're Madonna ... \ 
Shaq might come to San < PROPFIRST > ... any thoughts ? 
< PROPFIRST > Cuban is a baby ... I hate his guts more than I hate Lady Gaga or < PROPFIRST > Bieber ( that'as a lot of hate people ) . I can't believe I'm saying this but I hate him more than I hate Kobe < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > Nowitske , COMBINED . 
My whole family is suffering from the birthday party yesterday , and \ 
preparing for it . My mom , sister , dad , and I's ankles ( is that proper \ 
grammer ? ) are hurting . Like I said , I never want to go to a birthday party at a park ... 
Just left Souper Salad ... taco meat is soooooooo good in a salad :) 
Ugh , after the way the birthday party felt , I knew I wouldn't get enough sleep yesterday . I had to get up early Sunday and today ... that's three days in a row that I haven't gotten enough sleep ... 
You're my wonderwaaaaalllllll XD 
* sigh * You never realize how little you know your cousin until you spend four hours looking for a birthday present for him/ her ( in my case , him ) ... 
Feel free to assassinate my mom . She has never liked < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > . Sure she loves < PROPFIRST > Robinson ( and she would be dead to me if she didn't ) , but how can any Spurs fan not like < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > !? 
On my way to my cousin's birthday party ( the reason my mom , sisters , and I were walking around between Target , rue21 , and < PROPMALE > for four hours ) at a military base swimming pool . 
Swimming parties are so awesome ... except when they're outside and there's a bunch of crickets and small bugs that can swim :/ 
I just got back from vacation about two weeks ago , and I already have another vacation coming up next friday ! I can't wait ! 
How long is it until school starts ? 
Scenes from a hat :\ 
Bad things to say when stoped by the police-\ 
Wayne : It's okay , I'm from Canada . * gets beaten up by the police officer*\ 
Greg : \Of course it's a dead body 
Going to the zoo ! :P 
I don't care what anybody says , I am the clumsiest person I know :'( 
Would I be considered crazy if I ate a bunch of candies and sweets tonight to try and force a nightmare so I could be inspired to write instead of play video games every < PROPMALE > I get ? 
On my way to a haunted house ... dang , I wish my phone had an app that turned the camera into a thermal camera ! I guess I'll have to content myself with regular video . 
My mom was throwing holy water on me to make sure a ghost didn't hitch a ride on me ... its bad if burns me , right ? 
On my way to play some basketball ! ( I can't believe it's been so long ) . I can't wait . 
Wow , I need to play basketball more ... I only made four shots for the whole of the two hours we were there , and my dad ( MY DAD ) was running circles around me when I was defending him ... I didn't think I'd lose my skill in sixth months ... 
And then the squirrel ate Dib's greasy head ! 
Lol , we're getting our tire changed and the cashier ( who was Hispanic with a Spanish accent and everything ) had to call our last name and he mis-pronounced it . How does that happen ? 
HI BABY ! XD 
I once heard that the definition of beauty is : a natural quality present in a thing or person that gives intense pleasure or deep satisfaction to the mind ( unfortunately I couldn't find this definition , so I'm using the definition.com definition to paraphrase here :/ ) . If this is true somebody tell all the girls wearing layers of make-up and getting implants they're not beautiful :/ 
\Hey 
I just played the most hilarious game of checkers ever ! Here's a bit of dialogue between my dad and I :\ 
Me : < PROPMALE > me ! Oh wait ... you don't have any pieces to give me * I put my piece in front of one of his pieces * , there you go . 
Finally gonna watch the new Psych episode ! :) 
Goin ' on vacation tomorrow . We're going to Pagosa Springs which , I believe , is about an hour to an hour and a half away from < PROPMALE > . I never thought I'd say this , but I don't wanna go on vacation yet :/ ... but I hear the hotel we're staying at has water from the springs in the pool ^.^ ( I love Wyndham ! ) , and it's about a sixteen hour drive , not another 24-hour drive like last time , so it shouldn't be that bad . 
Argh , Firefox ! Why must you be so infuriating :/ , I hope whatever the issues are with Firefox are fixed soon or I'll have to switch to Chrome :( 
My horoscope : You could be feeling the pressure of \ 
time now , Taurus . At this point in your life you may be more aware than \ 
ever of your limited time left on this planet . Perhaps you're thinking \ 
more about love and romance and how much they mean to you . Consider the \ 
limitations of each , but don't dwell on them . The important thing is to \ 
embrace today and make the most of the time and love you have now 
Am I the only person who hasn't received the results of my World History AP exam ? Or has nobody gotten it yet ? 
Ugh ... I wish I had gone to sleep earlier ... but that episode new of Burn Notice was sooo worth staying up until one for :) 
I'm off to see the Wizard , the wonderful Wizard of Oz ! That is , if he moved to < PROPMALE > . If not , I guess I could go without a wish during this vacation :D 
I love watching clouds and making out shapes :) \ 
I just saw Link on a waterski being pulled by Mew and being chased by a giant , sinister-looking bald eagle ^.^ 
Why is it that every gas station we stop off doesn't have soap in their restrooms !? I'm glad my mom has a germ-x hand sanitizer thing , but it's kind of hard to rinse off my face comfortably :/ 
I just remembered how much I like the smell of gasoline :/ 
Pagosa Springs is soooooo beautiful :) . The springs are awesome ( and hot :/ ) , and there's a river down the street from where we're staying that is ice cold . I think this is going to be a great vacation ^.^ ( too bad check-in isn't until tomorrow :/ , but we're trying to fix that ) 
So we were driving through the resort and got lost for about fifteen minutes XD 
Ugh ... I miss sleep >.< 
Finally , we can check into our room ! I just want to sleep after driving around for most of the time since seven last night ... even though I wasn't the one diving >.> 
Ugh , our room is uncomfortable and small ( compared to most Wyndham rooms ) , I feel horrible and sleep deprived , and my sisters broke my only good set of headphones . I'm wondering if we should go home before something else/worse happens . 
Just woke up right now . We all fell asleep at six ( mountain time , so seven back home ) and woke up at seven eleven ( eight back home ) and I'm still feeling tired :/ I also didn't eat dinner yesterday and for breakfast I had a doughnut and my sisters ' left over chocolate milk ... and I'm not even hungry yet :D 
So we're at some cafe , and I put some milk in my tea . It actually tastes pretty good . 
That was a long meeting . But the guy was very informative . We learned how we could have used 29,000 points for this vacation instead of 8 9,000 ( with our current plan we get 189,000 every other year ) . We could stay at Hawaii for a week for 28,000 points ! 
Going to the hot springs today ! I can't wait ! 
Ah , < PROPFIRST > Bravo . Classic . Simply classic :) 
Okay , so my parents say we're going to the springs tomorrow ... but with my family our plans are rarely set- in- stone . I hope we go ! Also , now my phone charger is messing up . Broken headphones ( although the < PROPFEMALE > effect is interesting ) and my charger is messing up ... why does technology hate me ? 
My sister < PROPFEMALE > is probably the unluckiest person I know :'( 
O ... M ... G . The springs of Pagosa Springs are sooooooooooo awesome ! There was a large 84 degree pool , and a bunch of ho t-t ub-like pools , some with small waterfalls , ranging from 91 to 108 degrees and one that was 112 . I could get in 99 comfortably , 100 uncomfortably , and at 101 my whole body felt the way your foot feels when it falls asleep . 
It's raining ... and it started right when we were about to play mini- golf ... < PROPFEMALE > wasn't happy :/ 
\I've never been so surreptitious so of course I'll be distracted when I'm spiking the punch ! \ " \ 
Long train ride , phone died two hours into the ride . More later . 
< PROPFIRST > : Listen up ! This will only take a second ! \ 
* bank people all scream and get on the floor and cops give < PROPFIRST > their guns*\ 
< PROPFIRST > : Oh geez . * runs off * 
I had the best Bar-B-Q ever today ! 
I just realized it's been over a year since I've ridden a roller coaster ... somebody hold me , I'm coming < PROPFEMALE > ! ( Lol , < PROPMALE > & Son . But I really do feel like I've been missing an arm for the past year and haven't even realized it :/ ) 
\Isn't a smoking area in a restaurant like a peering area in a swimming pool ? \ " \ 
On our way back yesterday , we decided to stop in Carlsbad , New Mexico for the night . Our hotel had pamphlets for local attractions , most of them were from Texas . One was from Natural Ridge Caverns XD 
About six < PROPMALE > from the Texas/New Mexico border we saw some low hanging dark clouds . My dad thought they were extremely low rain clouds . About a mile past the border we saw an even larger low hanging dark cloud . It WAS coming from a fire . 
Almost home ... two and a half hours ( about 200 < PROPMALE > ) left ... even though I just wanna go home and sleep I know I'm just gonna get on the computer or play a game >.> 
Omg ... the stars are so beautiful . I forgot how much I love to stare up into space at the stars ... I hate how much I've changed since elementary school . And I miss my telescope which is gathering dust in my closet . :/ 
So got back in San < PROPFIRST > at midnight last night ... and got home at about 12:20 ... and fell asleep at about 3 :/ ... and woke up about an hour ago ... It's good to be home :) 
Volleyball con mi familia . Can't wait ! 
\Ow ! My fat is sensitive ! \"- my uncle Ruben\ 
Saw my \Outstanding Sophomore\ " award from orchestra today ... I'm surprised this is the first time I've seen it in a while since it's hanging right above my bed :D . I really hope I don't have to give it up this year :/ 
I love chopsticks :) 
Would it be worth taking nine classes . The three I'm having trouble with are GIS , Spanish 3 AP , and Orchestra . Spanish 3 Ap gives me the multiplier , I hear GIS pays well , and I can't live without orchestra . 
Heat has a strange effect on me . If I'm playing a sport ( usually basketball ) it gives me a small boost of energy , if I'm just walking around , though , it drains me . It helps me stay focused but makes me act stranger than usual . 
After today , I won't be getting on Facebook for the rest of summer ... and maybe the first few weeks of school . If you're curious about why , I'm working on making a note to explain why . If not , I'm still working on it anyways :D 
After\ 
today , I won't be getting on Facebook for the rest of summer ... and \ 
maybe the first few weeks of school . If you're curious about why , I just finished writing the note explaining why . I'll link it since this will stay as my status for people who are interested in my mini-biography :D 
I was trying to say under the K- SAT reunion event that I can and most likely will make it to the reunion . For some reason it wouldn't let me post it , though . So ... yeah . I'll most likely make it to the reunion :D 
I'm camping out ( for the first time ever ) with my family ( and aunts , uncles and cousins ) at a lake ! Its so awesome ! Also , we just fall a falling < PROPFEMALE > ! Its tail was blue and as it disintegrated it turned into blue flames ! It was awesome ! 
So I accidently restored my phone to factory settings and lost all my contacts ... text me your names please , and if anyone wants my number its 210-875-3330 ( also text me your name ) . 
I know I said this earlier , but I'm trying to make sure all my friends get the message . \ 
I accidently erased my contacts . Please text me your name . And for anyone who wants my number its 210-875-3330 
So my contacts mysteriously reappeared ... I love the strange ways of technology ! XD 
\You're the closest to heaven that I'll ever be\ 
Oh yeah , I just remembered ! Camping was great ! If it wasn't so hot it would have been sooo much better :/ . That shooting < PROPFEMALE > we saw last night was soooooooo cool . There still wasn't as many < PROPFEMALE > es as there is an hour away from San < PROPFIRST > ( where light pollution is virtually non-existent ) , but the sky was still really beautiful ! 
So my dad ordered two thirty-two inch pizzas from Big < PROPFIRST>'s ( as seen on Man vs . Food ) for his workers on Friday . He took home a box with a little over half the pizza left ( and he offered some to one of the other departments too ) and we're still eating it today ! The pizza is HUGE !!!! And it tastes pretty good , too . 
All work and no play makes < PROPFIRST > a dull boy . \ 
All work and no play makes < PROPFIRST > a dull boy . All work and no play makes < PROPFIRST > a dull boy . \ 
All work and no play makes < PROPFIRST > a dull boy . 
All work and no play makes < PROPFIRST > a dull boy . \ 
\You know 
The reunion was fun ! Even though I didn't get in the water ... and seriously , there was only four guys ( including myself ) when I got there . When I left there was only seven ( including myself ) . What's the female version of a sausage fest ? A melon fest ? I'll go with that ; it was a melon fest ! 
I feel so fat after how much food I've eaten today ... so ... should I coin ( if that's the correct word ) the phrase \melon fest \"?" 
Does anyone have AP US History with Mr. < PROPMALE > ? If so , could you help me with my summer homework ? I sent him an email a week ago and he still hasn't answered my questions . 
Going to a wedding later . Yay ... and I hate to be annoying , but : Does anyone have AP US History with Mr. < PROPMALE > ? If so , could you help me with my summer homework ? I sent him an email a week ago and he still hasn't answered my questions . 
Is it sad that my five year old sister < PROPFEMALE > can whistle better than me ? 
How do you delete statuses ? I want to remove my previous one but I don't know how ... 
School tomorrow . I'm finished with English and about 75% of my AP US History homework . I doubt they'll ask for it for the first day or two , that should give me time to straighten everything out . 
So ... worst first day of school ever :D I think I'm gonna go lie down now 
Finally , time for the sleep my brain has been begging for for the last couple of months ... although I probably won't lie down until ten , good night everybody ! 
Second day of school , here I come ... But since I only took three of my classes ( out of my new schedule ) , I'm getting kind of nervous that I missed something important ... 
So today was a little better ... only a little though . I can't seem to go a day withought getting injured or scratches :/ ... also , HOW THE FREAK DO YOU DATA PEOPLE DEAL WITH MRS FITZSEIMON !? 
I just wanna lay down .... but I can't , because by the time I got settled and finished dinner my mom told me we had stuff to do ! I just got home about three minutes ago ! 
It was only the second day and I was forced yoto go to sleep from homework ... why is it the year I'm more determined to give my full effort in school I have worse luck than the first couple of days from the worst year of my life ? 
Average day today ... so today was awesome ! ( compared to the past two days ) 
Ugh , I just wanna lie down ... but today was okay , so compared to the past couple of days I feel awesome about today ! I'll probably finish my homework ahead of schedule so I can rest easier later ... 
Yay , I get my smart sleep today ! It's like beauty sleep , but for my brain ! 
So in addition to yesterday being average , I was also complimented by Mr Sturgis , so yeah , I felt accomplished yesterday :) 
This homework is shenanigans Mr < PROPMALE > ! It takes me long enough to read the chapter , but to do an outline and some weird thing for the vocabulary !? That's just cruel on the first week of school ... 
Thank you for helping me wake up , Gatorade ! If it weren't for you , I wouldn't be able to move right now ... 
Just saw a giant poster for Call of Duty : Black Ops on a building . WTH ? I don't think I've ever seen a game advertised on a building , at least in San < PROPFIRST > . 
So I went to sleep at a little bit before 11 , and woke up at about 8 , and I still feel like I got less sleep than yesterday ( which was about four hours total ) . :/ 
So ... football season started .... yay . Somebody wake me up when the other sports seasons start so I can fake enthusiasm for those as well . Except for basketball , I like that sport , and tennis too . I also enjoy bowling . I'm neutral towards soccer . The others I simply don't understand ... 
All work and no play makes < PROPFIRST > a dull boy\ 
All work and no play makes < PROPFIRST > a dull boy 
This is who I really am . \ 
This is who I really am . 
So I got my haircut by a lady who was angry because the person before me only gave her a $1 tip ... it felt like she was trying to slice up my head with the buzzer :/ 
I would probably be willing to bet that < PROPFIRST > Hill is gonna be greater than < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > . I don't think even Manu did that good his first two years in the NBA ! 
Ugh , I can't believe I wasted today . A perfectly good < PROPMALE > to get ahead and I just play games :/ . I'll be more focused next weekend , I hope . 
So another day of school ... I'm ready to use my social awkwardness for comedy , but not ready to get more homework :/ 
I love Pandora Radio Station , I just don't love that every couple of minutes I have to check it to see what song is on because it's one I've never heard before but think is awesome and want to find out the name of it . It's very distracting , especially when I'm doing homework :/ 
Joined Model < PROPFEMALE > today . Tried it ( it was just one event , M < PROPFEMALE > STR ) freshman year and enjoyed it , couldn't do it last year because I was so unorganized an unmotivated . Anyone have any good experiences in it ? Or should I quit now ? I'm planning on staying , but I'm just interested in what other people feel about Model < PROPFEMALE > . Also , I love arguing , so I really enjoyed that one event I did :D 
PUT THIS AS YOURSTATUS AND SEE WHAT PEOPLE RATE YOU : 1 = crazy , 2 = I'd marry you , 3 = talkative , 4 = sarcastic , 5 = i miss you , 6 = I'd kiss you , 7 = moody , 8 = dumb , 9 = energetic , 10 = spoiled , 11 = random , 12 = hot , 13 = funny 14 = fit , 15 = amazing , 16 = tough , 17 = cute , 18 = beautiful , 19 = nerd , 20 = I love you 
Got to see the banners I made ( with some help from the awesone TSA officers ) at Red White and Blue day , which was awesome . But I had to run with 5 groups ( a pair of them back to back ! ) 
So I just went home and went to sleep , and didn't work on my History homework , which means I have to do all of it tonight :/ 
Mom , you absolutely NEED to teach me how you make those AMAZING refried beans ! 
Stupid ( heavy ) rain , distracting me from my homework ! 
Yes , thunderstorms are sooooo awesome , especially when the electricity does off and I lose about twenty minutes of homework time because I had to run over to my parents room and help calm the girls down :/ 
Seriously , if salt and soy sauce were drugs , I would have just overdosed . My taste buds are so happy :) 
I just found out that there was originally going to be a sequel for Star\ 
Wars Republic Commando , and it was scrapped after release . After all \ 
the love and positive comments and ratings , they FREAKING SCRAPPED IT !!!! I think \ 
someone needs to slap some sense into those DRUG-ADDICTED , STUPID , \PROFFESIONALS\ " WHO DON'T KNOW A GOOD IDEA WHEN IT EFFIN ' LANDS IN THEIR LAPS !!!!! >:( " 
I just found out that there was originally going to be a sequel for < PROPFEMALE > \ 
the love and positive comments and ratings , they FREAKING SCRAPPED IT !!!! I need to break something ... preferably the bones of the idiots who failed to realize how much < PROPFEMALE > Wars fans wanted this ... 
Gonna go to the zoo today , I think . 
About to play some B ball ! I'm gonna feel so sore tomorrow ! 
I can't believe my team lost all four games , and we played some wicked defense too ... and I overdid it too , but it felt real good playing , I can't believe its been so long . All i know is , I'm gonna be feeling those 4 games for the rest of the week . :D 
Limping around the house is fun :P 
So I want to stay home and sleep , and my parents want to go to outdoor flea markets ... don't worry mom , dad , its not like my muscles are killing me from basketball last night :/ 
It's funny how white my mom can sound when she's speaking English and how Mexican she can sound when she's speaking Spanish XD 
Cameron : \If two people really trust each other a threesome every seven years might actually help a marriage . \ " \ 
So my feet have blisters , my muscles are aching , and my leg joint is killing me from a fall I had ... and I'm making plans to play basketball again tonight . :) 
So if tonight was an indicator of the rest of the week , no matter how hard I work at something , luck and the rest if the world will smack me down and crush my spirits :/ , how could I try so hard and screw up so bad so much ? I did worse than I ever did in middle school >:( 
Sore from basketball ... I'd be all excited right now from all the fun if I didn't lose every game and screw up so bad so much I had a tough time having fun . I wish I didn't feel too sore to work on my summer homework the past two nights , because now I'm sore , tired , and I have to work on it >.> 
We've finally got a decent soaking ... I'm not thrilled about it , but we needed one to cool us down . And no lightning :) 
Ugh , my mom told me the electricity has been off since 12 , I hope the food's okay ... 
\So what you do us take out your wallom ... * laughing * sorry 
Seriously , that rain was deadly ! And it even somehow got into my CLOSED backpack and got all my stuff a little wet ! D:< \ 
I hear its gonna get even worse tonight , and we don't even have electricity because of the storm ! 
Ugh , my phone's about to die and we have no electricity to charge it :( \ 
Im gonna be very bored when I finish my homework ... 
Electricity came back on right now . Now I can charge mah phone ! :D 
So , since middle school , I've been wondering ... what's with those girls ( and the occasional guy ) who wear sweaters all year , even in 90+ weather ? 
I hear thunder ... crap ! I need to get in bed ASAP or I won't be able to sleep ! 
Yes , thunderstorms are soooo awesome ! Especially when it keeps you awake for two hours and then , finally , after somehow managing to get to sleep you hear a thunder so loud it hurts your ears . It's especially awesome when your sister is so scared she nearly throws up several times ! 
I am so mad right now >:o \ 
I wore a thick jacket , put my books into plastic bags , and re-organized my whole backpack because everyone said it was gonna rain all day , and I didn't see one drop of rain at all ! I almost came to school in a freakin poncho ! I will never trust Fox for a weather forecast again ! 
Just got home ... I think I'll lay down for a few minutes or an hour or two ... I didn't get any sleep last night because of the thunderstorm last night ... and now I'm hearing thunder right now ... sigh . 
Dad's almost done barbequing ( wow , I think I misspelled that) ! I can't wait ! 
BBQ done ! I have never seen such a large rack ! Of ribs , of course . Of ribs . :P \ 
Sooooooo much meat ... if there was a way to show that I'm drooling right now , I would :P 
Wore my retainer for the first time in two weeks last night ... they didn't even fit me ! But since I clench my teeth in my sleep ( and sometimes unconsciously while I'm awake ) when I woke up they fit me perfectly ! 
Dear God , if you're gonna torture me please do it when I do something worth envoking your wrath , and not when I'm giving my life 90% ( as opposed to the former 60-70%) and have done nothing wrong . I hope you get my message , thank you . 
Thank you < PROPFEMALE > Kat bar and Marié Digby . My favorite < PROPFEMALE > bar+ my favorite musician = this day just got 100x better after getting 20x worse than it was before a few minutes ago when it was an average to above average day ! :D 
Some people let stress and pressure bother them . They let it confuse them and make them worry . But stress focuses me . It keeps me on the right track , it makes me work harder , and makes me prioritize so I can become an efficient beast ! Bring on the stress ! Bring on the pressure ! I can take anything this year ! 
Ugh ... tonight is gonna be such a loooong night :( \ 
I gotta start doing my AP US History homework over the weekends ... 
Where the heck did all this rain and wind come from !? 0 . o 
A friend of mine during Spanish class : ... can you believe my brother doesn't care about that !? \ 
Me : I don't pay attention to stereotypes . \ 
Teacher : < PROPMALE > ! It's called self-control ! \ 
Another friend of mine * about 5 minutes later * : Whats your highest score in bowling ? \ 
Me : 234\ 
Teacher : < PROPMALE > ! * grabs desk next to her table * Sit down right here ! 
Just finished bowling ( for three hours straight ) seven games , my dad and I against my cousin and his dad . I bowled a 115 , 149 , 125 , 105 , 136 , 155 , and a 108 :/\ 
I'm worried about how I'll start the season :/ 
Stupid rain meant no basketball today ! Oh well , my right hand and forearm ( i believe that's the correct part of my arm ) still hurt from bowling . It's hard to be mad when you're eating lasagna :P 
So I'm all prepared for the quizes this week , but I never even started my position paper for Model < PROPFEMALE > ... it even did research ! And on top of that , I'm pretty sure I lost the papers explaining Model < PROPFEMALE > things ... solve one problem and get a thousand more ... 
\Wow ... you just made me realize that I have no social life ... \ " \ 
So we finally got back my dad's suburban ! It was at the mechanics for a whole month ! All we wanted was the transmission fixed , and they started doing all this unnecessary stuff to it to rack up the price >:( \ 
AND it caught on fire ! 
Stupid cable box ... why haven't you turned on since Sunday !? 
Ugh , if I have to tell my sisters I can't play with them because I have too much homework one more time I'm reporting all my teachers for not following the \odd day\ " rule ! It's ridiculous ! " 
I don't think the < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > is working ... 
So I get home and as I'm getting my backpack from the trunk my mom randomly hands me my Pokemon Red game ... she said she found it in the car and I was thinking \This was missing !? \ " and now I kinda want to play it ... to bad I still have a truck load of homework ! >:( " 
Okay end of the week , could have been better , could have been worse . But my head still hurts a little where that metal thing hit me :/\ 
And I still have to write that position paper D: 
Just remembered ... I have no ink on either my printer or my father's printer ... so I'll have to write my position paper , and I'm not sure what I'll do for my research for < PROPMALE > tomorrow :/ 
Is anyone going to the Model < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > simulation tomorrow ? 
So I go that award ... I'll most likely get some bowling practice in later tonight and play basketball after , so today should end up being a fun day ! I just gotta remember to start researching my country now so I won't do what I did last night :/\ 
And WHOO !!!! Hardly any homework ! 
Just sent out a crap ton of neighbor ( I can't believe I'm doubting whether or not I spelled that correctly ) requests on Farmville :P 
I hear Mexican music blasting from somewhere on my street ... DID MY FAMILY FORGET TO INVITE ME TO ANOTHER BIRTHDAY !!!?!?!!?!?!? >:( 
Stayed up til two playing Sonic Adventure 2 : Battle ... ah , i love nostalgia :) 
So apparently some colleges still think my full name is < PROPMALE > M . Limono ... its been a whole year since this started and I still have no idea where that came from , or why its still not fixed ... 
Why is it that every time we turn on the radio they have an < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > song playing ? 
I totally own at serving in volleyball :) \ 
Too bad I can't control my power , and I make so many mistakes , otherwise I'd be great all the time ! 
Just rented Metroid : Other M . I hope the critics were right about the gameplay not being awkward , because I loved the Prime games , and I hope they're wrong about the storyline and Samus ' voice being annoying ... if it is I could always use the mute button . 
58 degrees ? Seriously , where the heck did the summer temperature go ? Bring back the heat ! Also , I have all bars and I can't load Facebook on my browser ? Wth !? 
Lunch was hilarious ! One of my favorite parts was when < PROPFIRST > Graves had everyone at the table imagine me as a girl ! And then he had everyone imagine < PROPFIRST > Mendoza ( seriously , < PROPFIRST > I could understand everything else , but that one thing ... well , we all know what you \preferences\ " are now ) as a guy ! LOL ! Good times at lunch XD\ 
Spanish is quickly becoming my least favorite class ... The teacher hates me , she expects us to know a bunch of things my other Spanish teacher didn't teach me for Spanish I and II , and there's never enough time to do the assignmnets in class !!!!! I wish she treated us like we didn't know anything and had two weeks of review of what we SHOULD have learned at the beginning of the school year ! 
Does anyone know where Mrs. Ibarra ( I'm guessing the spelling ) , formerly Ms. Eureste , is at in the morning ? I need to see if she has any extra copies of the review that's due ... 
So I got the ETA TSA Student of Excellence Award ... that makes two awards I received this week ! Thanks < PROPMALE > Ludolph , < PROPFEMALE > Ludolph , < PROPFIRST > Lamb , Haziel , < PROPMALE > Balakit , < PROPFIRST > Wooldridge , < PROPMALE > Kartaltepe , < PROPFIRST > Partridge . and whoever else was in charge of making this decision ! :D 
Ugh , I hate allergies , or sicknesses , or whatever the heck is casuing my nose to be so congested !!!!!! >:( 
Yes mom , I want to help put up Halloween decorations , yes mom , I got that A+ average ( minus an 88 in Tech World ) by doing my homework . Yes mom you tell me grades are important ... I think I prefer finishing my homework and sleeping so I don't feel like collapsing with exhaustion tomorrow , but since family time is THAT important when I could have quickly gone outside and still < PROPMALE > out with you guys ... :( 
So in the end , I accomplished hardly any homework ... oh well , I could do it all in relatively little time , so I'll do it tomorrow . So before I start whining about eing sick again I'm gonna go to sleep ... 
Ugh , so my nose started bleeding like crazy on the way to pick my dad ! Thankfully there's a freaking awesome ice machine at his work . So I managed to get ice and , as usual , it stopped almost immediately . I love ice . But I hate allergies ! 
So I've already got my whole getup planned for \dress like a cowboy\ " day tomorrow ! I'm pretty sure I'll look like a cowboy ! :D " 
Also , I had a good day at Rackspace ! Pictures up ASAP ( by which I mean probably Sunday ) 
This day alone has been a complete roller coaster ... this week has been even crazier ! I think I prefer dull days over days that are one part awesome and one part annoying/frustrating/horrible , or some mixture of awesome and terrible :/\ 
But I prefer totally epic and awesome days over both :D 
So my nose stopped running , and bleeding , and its only slightly stuffed , but now my lips are chapped ( however that's spelled ) and I'm really annoyed by that ! >:o 
I wonder if the links I just posted had somethng to do with the < PROPFEMALE > reportedly ( although they deny everything ) appointing someone as a \first contact\ " for alien visitors ! " 
\Scientists have monitored only a relatively small number of stars in the search for exoplanets . The discovery of a potentially habitable planet like Gliese 581 g so early in the search might mean that habitable planets are more widely distributed than had been previously believed ... " 
Scare Tactics next week ! First the new planet and now this , I keep finding things to keep me freaking excited ! :P 
So I did absolutely no homework at all last night ... but I stayed up doing all of my research for the Baylor conference tomorrow . I feel pretty prepared for the first topic , but I'm a little less confident about the second topic ... but then again , I felt even worse for < PROPMALE > , and I received an award , so you never know :) 
New \House\ " tonight ... too bad we're gonna be out and about and i have to wake up at 3 a . m . \ 
So yesterday I randomly remembered lyrics to a song I heard a long time ago that I thought was pretty cool . I looked it up and it was \Chasing Cars\ " by Snow Patrol . Now I can't get it out of my head :P " 
I'm beginning to wonder if its worth going to sleep if I have to wake up at 3 :'( 
is on a bus to Waco , with about four hours of sleep , and is surprisingly awake . I'll be asleep on the way back at 9 or 10 tonight ... 
I'm so mad ! Why did Baylor have only one award per room , and for every category !? Bring different isn't always better ! Freaks . 
So I'm officially in San < PROPFIRST > ! After leaving at 5 am :/ \ 
The Baylor conference was total bs , they don't follow the same rules as everyone else , and they don't give out second and third place awards . I'd be so mad if I didn't have so much fun having everyone gang up of me ! :P 
I have no idea how I'm still awake , after gooing to sleep 24 hours ago and waking up in three hours ... I'm just a G like that . No matter how tired I feel I can still act energetic , or I can at least force the energy . :D 
Just saw the new episode of House ... its freaking awesome ! 
So someone broke into our car ... thankfully only two things were missing . Unfortunately one if them was the car charger for my DSi :'( . We woke up at 3 am and got home at 7 pm yesterday , we were bound to forget something ... 
So my dad got the Samsung Epic Friday , and he gave me the headphones ! Finally I can use some decent ones ! I'm glad since the cheap ones I've been using broke ! 
Oh wow ! I just realized bowling tryouts are this week ! So ... who's gonna go ? We need all the help we can get ! 
Played basketball tonight ... I was on fire defensively . I tore the ball out of my uncle's hand three times ( darn you facebook with your restrictions ) . I was so confident , when my dad was bringing up the ball I tried to steal it . I cut in front of him and got tackled . :D 
Didn't study for my Spanish test ... I'm in so much trouble ... well , that's what we have a 50 minute lunch for ! 
So I got my first bad grade in Spanish 3 Pre-ap ... I'm so freaking mad right now ! I absolutely WILL NOT accept any grade on my report card lower than a 95 ! Because I shouldn't have lower than a 95 in any of my classes ! There's no excuse . 
I'm gonna pick an artist every week from my playlist and find a quote that I like from one of their songs every day . Here's today's:\ 
\Bury Me\ " 
You ever feel like you've got so much to do you'll die of exhaustion and then , after its done , you realize so many things you could have done differently to make things go by smoother/easier ? That's how I'll feel when this week is over :/ 
So I woke up with my eyes burning less , my head feeling less numb from exhaustion , and my back hurting a lot less ... I finally feel mildly well-rested ! :D 
So for anyone that wants to join the robotics club , general meetings are Mondays from 4:30 - 5:15 ( or 5:30 , I forget which ... ) , FTC meetings are Wednesdays from 4:15 - 6:00 , and if you want to go to NASA and compete in underwater robotics then MATE meetings are 7:30 - the time school starts Thursday mornings . 
I'm about to start freakin ' owning at school , I know it ... I just gotta get past this rough week first :/ 
It was recently brought to my attention that there are some people who believe in equality of the genders , but don't believe in full equality . I'm not gonna name names , but I will post a status and tag those present in the conversation so we can futher discuss this over the weekend when I get a < PROPMALE > ... probably after I finish my homework . 
Aweseom profile pic , right ? :) 
Since I couldn't do one yesterday , I'mm gonna put up my music quote of the day for yesterday on Saterday . Today's is \Kings and Queens\ " 
Aww ... now that I picked my music quote of the day I found a better one from 30 Seconds to Mars ... oh well , I can put it up tomorrow :) 
My Dad , via text : I was about to go < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > on you ! \ 
Me , also via text : If you did that I would have gone Jet < PROPFEMALE > on yo behind ! \ 
My dad : Jet < PROPFEMALE > ? Please ... he don't hold a candle to < PROPMALE > Lee ! \ 
My dad is win ! XD 
Well , since no one's explained the fad to me , I guess I'll hop on the bandwagon and annoy people until they explain it to me :D 
I like it on the wall . 
I like it in a boat . And I like it with a goat ... \ 
And I like it in the rain . And in the dark . And on a train . And in a car . And in a tree . It is so good , so good , you see ! \ 
I like it in a box . And I like it with a fox . And I like it in a house . And I like it with a mouse . And I like it here and there . I like it everywhere ! 
I like it next to Dr. Seuss ! 
I like it in a boat . And I like it with a goat ... And I like it in the rain . And in the dark . And on a train . And in a car . And in a tree ... I like it in a box . And I like it with a fox . And I like it in a house . And I like it with a mouse . And I like it here and there . I like it everywhere ! 
The week's almost over ... then I can sleep the rest of the day Friday , Saturday I can finish my homework , and Sunday I can study for the PAST . Monday I'll be at school for the robotics club , and I'll hopefully be able to rest then as well . I can't wait till this week is over >.< 
Due to various circumstances I can't do my music quote of the day today . I'll probably do today's and Tuesday's tomorrow or Saturday . 
Bowling tryouts went good . I bowled surprisingly well ! We had a lot of new bowlers , and many of them seem very capable ! Maybe we can beat < PROPFEMALE > this year ! 
Lol , how many \ #1 bestseller\ " books are there ? There can't be THAT many that are #1 >.>" 
There wasn't a single cloud last night ! It was perfect weather to stargaze , and I was too lazy to pull out my telescope ! I hate being too tired to do things ! :( 
A brain freeze is a wonderful thing when you're thirsty and feeling hot :) 
There's almost no worse feeling than giving something your full effort and seeing that the results are what you'd expect from yourself if you hardly tried . :/ 
Analysis of my horoscope :\ 
\You may find that your love is incredibly magnetic now 
Studying for the PAST at the neighbourhood park . It's a nice break from being stuck at home . Maybe I'll actually be able to focus . Lol , my sisters are so cute XD 
I haven't had a < PROPFEMALE > Kat bar in forever ! My taste buds are so sad :'( 
Oh my god ! Marié Digby FINALLY put up another cover video ! And its perfect , as they always are . ;) 
So I just realized I've overcome my fear of the unknown ( a.k.a. death ) . That's one thing I've stopped thinking about when I'm doing homework . One less distraction . But I have two more to take care of . Daydreaming about the future and daydreaming about love . Crap , that's tough . :/ 
My parents and I are wondering if we get a better deal on the class ring our senior year ? I know we don't get the free stuff , but it'd be neat if it was cheaper ... 
My mom says she's got a bad feeling about my dads business trip ... if terrorists choose today , tomorrow or Wednesday to attack Chicago I'm gonna be SO PISSED ! 
Just now starting my History project XD \ 
I'ma beast this thang :P 
So I've spent 30 minutes just labelling the darn thing ... I'm still gonna beast this project ! It's just gonna take more time than I expected ... why is procrastination so much more appealing when you forget exactly how much work you have to do ? :/ 
Judging by the way I was able to kick my sister's balloons a second ago , I should join the soccer team ... too bad soccer balls don't like me as much as balloons ... :P 
\We've got the American Jesus \ 
\When the world is turning for you \ 
Wow , I went from Bad Religion songs to Chasing Cars ... I like too many songs ! On the one hand I can listen to the upbeat awesome lyrics of Bad Religion , or I can put Chasing Cars on repeat , since the lyrics always get to me ... I just hope I don't hear < PROPFEMALE > Digby or I'll waste more time listening to music than doing hw ... 
So am I the only one who's not even a quarter of the way done with that ginormous history project due tomorrow ? 
So I smashed my finger with the car door about ten minutes ago ... and the door was locked :/ \ 
So much for practicing the bass this week . Hopefully I'll be fine for bowling practice Friday ... 
\Thats why you do this . You can't find < PROPFEMALE>'s killer 
Been listening to the new Bad Religion album ... its less political and less hardcore than I would have hoped , but it makes up for that by being very catchy . 
Watching \Build it Bigger\ " where the guy is at NASA and they're talking about the mission to Mars and making the Ares rockets ... I hope I graduate college with enough time to make my < PROPFIRST > on this project :D " 
So I went to some random Mexican restaurant downtown around 4 with the family .... it was freaking expensive ! But , it was pretty good , and I got insanely full when I was only halfway done , which has gotta count for something .... I'm still amazingly full :/ . Good times though :P 
So apparently Ms. Spielman has a Facebook account ! Omg , that lady gets more awesome every day ! I freaking LAUGHED IN HER FACE when she was going off on a tangent about nationalism and caring for our troops etc ., and when another student was scolding me about it Ms. Speilman defended me XD ! She might even be cooler than Mr. < PROPFEMALE > ( coming from me , that means something !!!! ) ! Friend request , sent :P 
Fun school day , things seem to be going my way I plan on enjoying it while it lasts . Speaking of fun days , if you don't watch Scare Tactics , you're seriously missing out on some quality comedy ... unless you don't love to see people so scared they almost wet themselves , in which case your'e a freak ! 
This week has been so hilarious and awesome ! I love eating lunch at a table full of awesome people ! I couldn't think for a better group of people to eat lunch next to ( i could , but I'm fine with who I'm stuck with right now ) XD 
So looking forward to the end of the nine weeks . A fresh new start to get my grades up from A's ( except for stupid Tech World which will likely be an 88 or 89 ! ) to A+'s :P . \ 
I plan on doing some extreme relaxation this weekend :D 
Sooo ... not exactly how I hoped to end the nine weeks :/ , but everything is straightened out now . Life is good :) 
\Wow ! That's the second time a girl said she almost crapped her pants ! What do we gotta do to make it happen !? \ " Lol 
Wow ... its only been two and a half hours since I woke up ? It feels like it should be 3 or 4 ... I love waking up before 10:30 , the day lasts longer that way ;) 
At a park con mi familia , playing Fire Emblem , listening to some music . Yesterday feels like forever ago . Life is good :P 
Ugh , I'm so full my stomach hurts , but that BBQ smells SO GOOD ! 
Ugh , I feel nauseous ... I don't know if it was the food or the tea from the Malthouse , but it was something from there ... ugh , I hope its not another Taco Cabana for me ... 
A word of advice ... if I'm playing basketball with you , and you're on my team , I expect you to help on defense . I can guard anyone one-on-one , but I can't guard two people by myself . I can , but it usually ends with either me on the floor , a foul on me , or me getting burned . 
One step forward , two steps back . I'm not gonna let myself get discouraged by my < PROPMALE > setback in ensuring an A in Spanish , though . If I got discouraged every time I screwed up I'd have ( metaphoricaly ) < PROPMALE > myself by now . I'm just gonna keep fighting to be the best , because I know I am . 
That Scare Tactics last night was freaking awesome ! 
Spurs game tomorrow ... maybe its not a big game , but still , that marks the beginning of the season ! I can't wait ! I hope they do good ! 
Ugh , College Night could not have been on a worse night for me ... how is it that the first week of the second nine weeks is more frustrating , exhausting , and annoying than the last week of the first nine weeks !? :'( 
Wow , its all Dejuan < PROPFIRST > in these first couple of minutes ! Go Heavy D ! 
Monday : robotics club meeting until 6:00 \ 
Tuesday : NHS induction untold 7:30 \ 
Wednesday : Robotics club meeting until 6:00 , College Night 6:00 - 7:30 \ 
Thursday : Orchestra from 4:45 until idk when . \ 
Even if I didn't have a lot of homework this would have been a very hectic and frustrating week . But I do have a lot of homework . :/ 
So my rank jumped up from 43 to 32 , but that's from last year . It's gone up for sure . I need to try harder . My average could have been 105 , but instead its 102 ... :/ 
So my dad is gonna start writing articles for a magazine . Yay ! :D 
Totally owning at Pheonix Wright right now :) ... I'm so glad this exhausting week is finally over ... 
Pheonix Wright is a freaking awesome game ! I love a good story with twists and turns and unimaginable surprises ! They should turn it into a book series/ television series ( as long as they don ; t screw it up ... ) 
Lol , I've been crying since Wednesday about how tired and exhausted I am and I'm getting ready to play Guitar Hero . XD 
Just finished watching Band Slam ... I think I'm gonna go add some new songs to my playlist :) 
Spurs resigned < PROPFIRST > . Yay ! Too bad his season opener wasn't as freakin awesome as I hoped ... 
So my dad is gonna be Mr Furley for Halloween ! XD \ 
... okay , he's not . But it was hilarious imagining my dad as Mr Furley ! Maybe next year , my family could dress up as the cast of \Three's Company \"!" 
I love chopsticks ! :) 
Halloween is tomorrow and we're shopping for Christmas decorations at Walmart right now ! :P 
Saturday night . Gonna go play some basketball . I hope I don't get tackled by my dad again ;P 
Come on Spurs ! Finish off the Hornets ! 
Ugh , Spurs lost ... but at least they put up a good fight . 
Watching < PROPFEMALE > ... If I go to prom and an unpopular girl hated by a lot of people wins prom < PROPFEMALE > , I'm leaving immediately ;) \ 
And if I'm going out with that unpopular girl hated by everyone I'll keep looking up to make sure there's no bucket of pig blood hiding somewhere . :P 
Ugh , woke up an hour ago ... So much for getting sleep this weekend . I stayed up late Friday playing Guitar Hero and Phoenix Wright , stayed up late last night playing basketball , and I'm more than likely gonna stay up late tonight too :/ 
Gonna go watch The Exorcist ! My first scary movie ( I don't count 1408 since , to me , it was more a sad movie than a scary one ) , and I have to choose The Exorcist :P 
Lol , I just saw a truck with a drawing of Jesus on the back . On the side was a drawing of Goku in his Super Sayan 2 form XD 
Trick-or-treating was fun . Watching The Crazies even though I'm crazy tired :) 
Ha ! < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > have an awesome future with the Spurs ! Those guys are freaking G ! And a flagrant 2 is exactly what Smith deserved ! I'm glad he got ejected ! 
Dang , this game is violent ! The Spurs are really playing aggressively ! 
Ugh ... rain and thunder ... why does there have to be a Spurs game so late when there's a thunder storm !? 
JUST A REMINDER , GIRLS ESPECIALLY . OUR FIRST BOWLING MATCH IS THIS THURSDAY , BUT WE STILL HAVE PRACTICE TOMORROW . WE NEED MORE GIRLS FOR A GUARANTEED GIRLS ' TEAM . WE HAVE ABOUT 4 ELIGIBLE NOW , BUT WE NEED AT LEAST 5 FOR A COMPLETE TEAM . SO GIRLS , IF YOU'RE INTERESTED , ASTRO BOWL IS THE PLACE TO GO GET INFO . < PROPFIRST > HWY AND < PROPMALE > WURZBACH . 
Bowling practice went great today ! My singles game was below what I hoped it would be ( 150 , good for a beginner , horrible for someone who's bowled since 3rd grade ( for 8 years ! )) , and my baker was great ! ( a spare and an open for the first game , two strikes in the second . If nothing else my team spirit was freaking beast ! ) Team IRMMJ , unite ! 
TR freaking burned < PROPFIRST > tonight for our season opener ! I lost 163- ! 73 and 165-181 in singles , but I failed to consistently hit my < PROPFIRST > . Considering that , I had a great game ! I also sparked a bunch of team pride by making the team cheer before and halfway through a baker game . We almost swept in bakers ! 
Who are we ? TR IRMMJ ! \ 
I love saying IRMMJ :P 
So we don't have < PROPFEMALE > in our district for the bowling teams ... but we have < PROPFEMALE > ! We'll finally prove our dominance this year ! Hopefully the team can pull together and burn the Mavs like we did < PROPFIRST > yesterday ! 
My parents and I are having trouble figuring something .... well , we can't agree on something . What does standoffish mean ? 
Going through some answers in 21 questions ... I find the most disturbing one \Do you think < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Limon can actually hook up with someone out of their league ? \ " Two or three that think I can't ... I think it's time to prove them wrong :P " 
Had to delete the Ghost Hunters Live ( from Halloween ) episode to make room for new episodes of Burn Notice and Psych ... I'm so sad since I didn't get to see it ... BUT NEW EPISODES OF PSYCH AND BURN NOTICE WHOOOOO !!!!!!! 
Well I'm at my McDONALD'S waiting for my sister's birthday to start ... its interesting how two ( now three ) year olds can be brainwashed to like crappy food . Oh well , hopefully she'll learn what good food is when she's older . :) 
McDonald's was fun . My mom and dad , but mainly my mom , kept talking to the ladies that took our orders and helped us with the party . Can't wait to go home and psych myself up for the Spurs game ! 
I'm probably gonna read < PROPMALE > Potter 7 in preparation for the movie ... I'm so excited !!!!!! 
I'm not used to eating Mexican food for dinner ... I'm actually liking it more than I expected . 
WHOOOOOO ! GO SPURS GO ! THAT WAS SO AWESOME ! I can't wait to go home and watch it ! Thank God I remembered to record the game . 
I remember when we used to make flashcards in Spanish , not at home :/ . I don't know why its taking so long to do at home ... 
So my family was playing bowling in the living room with some bowling toy/kit thing Addi got for her birthday party yesterday . When Addi was trying to knock down the pins she threw the ball and it racked me ... it still hurts ... \ 
>.< 
\All great men have mustache ! \ " \ 
\I need go to my quiet place ! \ " \ 
My first time going to sleep before 10:00 in months ! I'm so excited I'm finally gonna get a good nights sleep ! 
TR kept that bacon sizzling in tonight's game ! The girls need some fine tuning but otherwise they did great too ! Go TR ! 
I called it on Sunday ... and today pretty much proved it . This isn't going to be a good week . :/ 
Ugh ... I threw up twice last night . Two separate times ... I got absolutely no sleep , I have a concert today , and I still feel like I could throw up ... like I said Sunday and yesterday , this is not gonna be a good week ... 
So I got through the day without vomiting ... but I still feel terrible ... gonna go home and get some sleep , hopefully ... 
So I went to school feeling nauseous and exhausted from throwing up at 1 and 3 am ... and then at the concert I got so into playing I forgot I was sick :) \ 
That's why I love being in orchestra . I can lose myself in the songs and focus on only one thing , drowning out everything else , including pain and frustration . That thing I can focus on is music . :) 
I woke up feeling 100% better ! No nausea , no headache , no exhaustion , and my eyes aren't burning ! I hope today ends up being better than these past couple of days . 
I felt 110% better today ! Even now I'm not feeling tired ( while I would usually start to feel tire at 7th period) ! And my brain actually works better than it has in a while :P I'm gonna definitely try to get rest from now on ! I never thought I'd feel so good the DAY AFTER I was throwing up and feeling so horrible ! :) 
Is my mind lying to me , or did the \comment\ " and \ " like\ " button switch places ? " 
Saw this comment on a Youtube video . I'll accept this over most other reasons as why Lady Gaga is so popular :\ 
\People havent turned to hip hop and pop .. their brain has .. \ 
So I got UNESCO for MUNSA ... I just got it today and my position paper is due tomorrow if I want to be able to win an award ... yay ... 
Who got hit by a car ? 
So who was the person that got hit by a car in front of < PROPMALE > ? Is she okay ? 
Lol , couldn't find any decent recent pictures for my new profile pic ... so I decided to go with an old one ... I wish it wasn't so dang blurry ! Oh well , time to work on that position paper ... Why does it feel like I have the most work to do when I'm down ( either from sickness or exhaustion) !? Or is it vice versa ? Ugh , my brain hurts , I'm just gonna do this thing and sleep . Maybe tomorrow will be better . 
Done with them position papers ! Just in the < PROPMALE > of time ! I hope < PROPMALE > doesn't get mad at me ... and I hope it's not too late if I wanna be eligible for an award , otherwise I put myself through this headache for nothing ... oh well , time to sleep ! 
\I guess its better to have < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > than a 2x4 . \ " \ 
On my way to that Limon family reunion . Knowing the Limons ( my dad , his brothers and sisters , and me ) there will be plenty of BBQ ;) \ 
And we had < PROPMALE>'s last night ! You can never have too much BBQ :P ( unless you're starting to get a headache from too much meat ... ) 
Finally left the family reunion ... as expected , there was sine good food ! It was cool seeing relatives and relatives that I didn't know . Also as expected from Los Limones , I was laughing so hard ny side hurt . I can't wait until the next one ! 
Finally home ! Great day , I definitely ate like a fat guy to compensate for my throwing up and lack of appetite due to sickness this past week . My dad and I totally blasted do-wop music and barber shop quartet music all the way home ;) 
Ugh , my back hurts ... NyQuil to the rescue ! :P 
\Someone is getting a little too flirty for his own good . \ " \ 
\Chuck Finley is forever . \ " \ 
Just finished watching last night's Spurs game ... If the Spurs keep it up , I think we may have another trophy at the AT&T Center soon ;) 
Got a birthday party to go to . Yesterday I got tp see everyone on my dad's side of the family and today I'm gonna see everybody on my mom's side of family . And like a true Limon I'll have eaten like a fat guy all weekend . I love this weekend :) 
There's nothing more annoying than running into a Geodude or Graveller that uses explosion first while you're trying to train weak pokemon ... 
This past week was ... a shock . There were so many surprises , so much confusion , and I'm still trying to sort through everything that happened . It was basically a roller coaster that left me feeling dizzy , shocked , and dazed . And I still managed to enjoy my weekend :) 
FREAK YEAH ! GO SPURS GO !!!!!! The Red Rocket was ON FIRE !!!!! 7 OF 7 FROM THE 3-POINT LINE !!! I hope they keep it up :) 
< PROPMALE > Bonner . That is all . 
Whataburger for breakfast , and Whataburger for lunch . I think this is gonna be a good day ;) 
Kind of freaking out ... the officers of the robotics club have to present the business plan this Saturday ... in front of the mayor ... and every < PROPMALE > business that's gonna be at < PROPMALE > ... It's rare that I'll ever get as nervous as I am right now . Come Saturday , though , as the pieces start to fall together , I'll be fine ( that is assuming I , the treasurer , will be one of the speakers for the club ) . 
New House ? I think yes :) 
So , since I've failed to jump on the band wagon too many times for my taste , send me a question in my inbox and I will answer it in my status at my earliest convenience 
It's never fun at a rosary ( im assuming my spelling is correct ) ... especially when the grieving family starts grieving .... very loudly ... :/ 
So I went through a list of the 50 best trios in NBA history with my dad ... he actually knew most of them ! Stats , skills , teams , he could tell me everything about the ones he knew , and he even knew a little bit about the few he didn't! He knew things about trios that were around 20 years before he was born ! I love that guy ! :P 
Aw ... Phoenix lost ... :/\ 
I've still got the Spurs game to look forward to ! :) 
Spurs need to get their act together >.> 
I feel like yelling at my math book because the answers on the back contradict what I know , but what I know contradicts what's logical , but I've exhausted all logical options , leaving either illogical ways to get the logical book answer ( which is definitely more correct than my answer ) or the possibility that my teacher hasn't taught me what I need to answer these questions yet . 
Spurs won ... OMG GO SPURS GO !!!!! 
WE ARE OFFICIALLY TIED WITH THE HORNETS FOR THE BEST RECORD IN THE NBA !!!!! GO SPURS GO !!!!!! Too bad about < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > though ... :/ 
Ugh ... we lost to < PROPFEMALE > ... they didn't beat us , though . We best ourselves . I know how our guys bowl , I now how I bowl , and this match should have been ours . A close match , but ours nonetheless . We need to play with more intensity . :/ 
I was working on my pre-cal homework , getting ready to study for the US History quiz tomorrow when I realized I didn't need to . I'll be gone all day ! I love being active in school . Every so often it pays off . :) 
So bummed I can't go to < PROPMALE > Jimmenez thing , but I still have that thing at < PROPMALE > Saturday with the mayor . What's he doing there ? I don't know . Why is the robotics club going to be there ? I don't know . What i do know , though , is that it will be awesome ! 
I just now realized a new episode of Burn Notice is on ! Early relaxation before the break ? I think yes ! :D 
\Everybody's talking about the new sound\ 
So ... I kind of ... sort of resemble < PROPMALE > Potter with a cut in my forehead ... except mine is more straight and longer ... I still hate < PROPMALE > for being a troll ... 
Spurs are playing way too **** ing sloppy . It's a little thing called defense and not turning the ball over , I'm pretty sure the Spurs have heard of it ! 
Whew ! The Spurs managed to get away with being sloppy . Hopefully they do good tomorrow . :D 
Got to shake the mayor's hand and he played with our robot ! The event was fun ! 
I can't believe its only twelve ! I'd usually be waking up around now or an hour before . Instead , I'm gonna be going to sleep around this time . 
So now that that SA2020 event is over , my Thanksgiving break is officially starting ! Sleep , tv , video games , books , I've missed you so much ! 
Pirates of the Caribbean is on ! :D 
Ugh , I hate accidentally re-posting old quizzes I took ... 
Whatever happened to having the option to let something post to your wall BEFORE it posts ? 
Why can't I delete those annoying re-posts from quizzes I took ? Ugh ... 
Silly Machoke , you're not supposed to be able to use revenge on Misdreavus ! Oh wait ... you used foresight when I switched it in ... Crap ! 
You ? say < PROPFIRST > Swift , I ? say Nickelback\ 
You ? say Lady ? Gaga , I say Avenged Sevenfold\ 
You say Miley Cyrus , I say ? 3 Days GRace\ 
You say T-Pain , I say 30 Seconds to Mars\ 
You say Lil Wayne , I say Linkin Park\ 
You say < PROPMALE > Brother , I say Bad Religion\ 
You say ? < PROPFIRST > Bieber , I say 3 doors down\ 
You say < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > , I say System of a Down 
Knocked out almost half of my homework for the break ... I can't wait until I finish so , for the first time ever , I can have the entire break to relax without doing homework at the last second before school starts back up again :) 
Thank you Avenged Sevenfold and Bad Religion for saving me two hours of boredom , Lady Gaga , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > , and a plethora of annoying Mexican/country music , all of which annoy me greatly ! 
Just finished watching the spurs game ( stupid sweet 16 of relative of manager of band my dad was formerly in , which kept me away from watching the game live ! ) The Spurs keep finding ways to outplay the opponent ! I can't wait until they play a team that's actually good ! As long as the Spurs are still hot when they play them ... 
Theres no flash , no beating the chest . Just go up and down the court , go home and get a sandwich . - Pop , about < PROPMALE>'s style of play 
I'm tired , so why am I still awake ? Oh yeah , music . I'm addicted to it , so yeah . :D 
I think I'm gonna work on becoming ambidextrous over the break ... 
Ugh .. been awake since 6 am , I think it's sleepy time , 3 days grace , nickelback , and avenged sevenfold can wait . 
Ah the weekend . Like life , its way too short for my taste :P 
The Green Mile is on ... goodbye next coupe of hours of my life :) 
\On the day of my judgment 
So I'm gonna see if I can speed-read through the seven < PROPMALE > Potter books ( I thought I had everything but the first two , but found #1 earlier :) and ask my parents to take me to see # 7 part 1 later this week ! :D 
So my goal of reading several thousand pages ( every < PROPMALE > Potter book ) is off to a slow start . 38 pages in the last 3 hours . But in my defense I've had very little time to read . 
I wonder how I forgot I had the first < PROPMALE > Potter book . I even had a bookmark at about 200 pages in , but everything i've read so far I don't even recognize ( as having read before) ! Oh well , at least I have it ! :D 
So I stopped reading the Sorcerer's Stone at about 6 , and started at about 4 , and jumped from < PROPFEMALE > 34 to < PROPFEMALE > 154 . I'm pretty sure my efficiency seriously increased from 1-3 to 4-6 ! I might actually finish all 7 < PROPMALE > Potter books before the break is over ! 
I'll probably finish reading the Sorcerer's Stone bfore I go to sleep , and then play me sum Phoeinx Wright ! :D 
Grr , < PROPMALE > ! Get out of my Profile Pic ! 
Why is Facebook being weird ? 
\There are some things you can't share without ending up liking each other 
When I hit the back button , Facebook , i want to go back , I don't want the < PROPFEMALE > to be seemingly reloeded each time I go back until I can't go back anymore . 
Aw ... I just realized I failed to read the first < PROPMALE > Potter book inone day ... So I gotta stay up until I finish it so I can finish #3 tomorrow . I'm currently on < PROPFEMALE > 253 out of 384 , it shouldn't be that bad , if I stay focused and off of Facebook :P 
Ugh , i have a headache ... either it was from staying up til 1 and waking up at 9 , or reading those 284 pages yesterday , or staying up so late AND trying to read a whole < PROPMALE > Potter book in one day . Too bad I failed miserably , so I've gotta try and finish reading the first one today , and then I'll work on #3 ( since I don't have #2 ... ) 
OMG MY DAD MADE QUAIL AND A BUNCH OF OTHER BBQ !!!!! :P 
Ugh , the Spurs are playing horribly ! I don't know how they aren't down by 15 or more ! Hopefully they pick it up ... 
\When the game is on the line 
Go < PROPMALE > Bonner ! Freaking shooting 69% behind the arc ! What kind of three-point shooting freak are you !? 
\You do ... you do know that Trilo's a puppet 
\I'm here without you baby\ 
This spanish homework is complete bs ! How the **** does Mrs. Ojeda expect us to conjugate words ( previously conjugated incorrectly , making it impossibly difficult ) we've never seen before that aren't even in are book ???? 
Finally , that freaking stupid Spanish homework is starting to make some sense . \ 
# of questions answered in the past 50 minutes : 4\ 
# of questions total : 50\ 
Grr , why did it take so long for me to finally figure it out !? Oh well , I should be going a lot faster now that I understand it . 
I just heard on the radio about those women in the bar in Ohio that were letting a doctor ( a guy disguised as a woman ) give them breast examinations ... wtf !? How drunk do you have to be to get a breast examination in a bar ? 
I love talking about basketball with my dad :) 
So wtf is wrong with these Spurs !? 
Happy Thanksgiving ! I hope everyone has a great day and gets to eat a ton of turkey ! :P 
Geez , our turkey's been ready for about an hour already and we still haven't gotten to eat yet ... CURSE YOU SIDES ! ( as in corn , watergate , rolls , mashed potatoes or something , etc . ) 
The food is FINALLY ready !!!!! I'm gonna be so full afterward !!!!! :P 
That was sooooooooooooo gooooooooooooood ! I feel like a fat guy right now ! :P \ 
Me and the fam are making crazy faces :) 
Cowboys making a comeback ... even though I don't like football much , I'm still enjoying myself with the family . :) 
\See ! This is how Acro was able to commit the murder ! With the help of gravity and Maximillian Galactica's ample bust ! \ " \ 
My breakfast : mashed potatoes , corn , stuffing , and a big turkey leg ! :P 
< PROPMALE > Almighty ? Freak yeah ! 
It's one thing to love someone so much you want to be with them forever , but its a more beautiful thing entirely to love someone so much you want them to be happy , no matter what that means . 
Is at the park , reading The Goblet of Fire in the cold while his family is playing :) . I don't know why , but I love reading at the park . :D 
Putting up Christmas decorations with the family :) 
Gr ! That was some BS ! But the Spurs needed a loss . They were getting too sloppy and when they were still winning they had no reason to fix it . Now that they lost , Pop should end up working them harder than before . 
House decorations : done \ 
Christmas tree decorations : going frustratingly bad , but improving . Every year the tree ends up looking better and better , and I'm sure this year won't be any different . :) 
Finished all the Xmas decorations around the house ! Mi familia y yo are about to go eat , and we're probably gonna go downtown too ! :P 
Is currently downtown , taking in all the sights of the lights they've put up ! :P 
Just finished watching < PROPFIRST > Pilgrim Vs . the World .... it was ... definitely interesting ... Without a doubt the weirdest movie I've ever seen . But I still liked it . It definitely had its moments . My dad says he's actually seen weirder movies . I've gotta get him to tell me , because I honestly can't imagine much weirder than < PROPFIRST > Pilgrim ( except maybe that one about the Beetles with the Yellow Bus , if that's its name ) . 
\ Ms. < PROPFIRST > Andrews ... I choose you ! \ " \ 
Spurs game later ! They've been sloppy , but after that loss to < PROPFIRST > , the yelling Pop has likely done since then , and the fact that they're out for vengeance I think the Spurs have a good shot ! I can't wait ! 
Walking down the Riverwalk :) 
Now I'm eating at a restaurant on the Riverwalk :) 
So right as we were leaving the Riverwalk I saw the Christmas lights turning on :/\ 
Oh well , we had fun :D 
Gonna watch Toy Story 3 !!! :) 
So I just finished watching Toy Story 3 ... I'm impressed . Like so many people before me , I gotta say that , yes , I did cry . Nothing , not even knowing the part , could have made me not cry at that part . I'm glad they managed to finish off such a great series so perfectly . :) 
\If I go crazy then will you still call me Superman ? \ 
On the way to Kerville ... I'm feeling kind of nervous ... but I know I'll have fun ! :D 
At the farm/ranch place , still nervous but having a ton of fun already ! I pulled a muscle trying to shoot a 3-ball after making an epic steal when we were playing basketball earlier . I also realized that I fail at tennis now more than I did in 7th grade ... :D 
\Oh my gosh 
On the way back to the farm/ranch , singing < PROPMALE > the Red Nosed Reindeer ! :D 
The Sturginator failed to eat 6 saltine crackers ! The challgenge is unbeatable !!!!! 
Staying up all night , talking about our scariest moments , and a bunch of random stuff , drinking OJ , and not wanting to go to sleep from fear of dreaming about what we discussed/the mental images . 
PEAF it up ! 
So one lesson I definitely learned today is that cancer affects a lot more people than I realised . Also , if you're in a room and people have to tell how cancer has affected their life ( indirectly or directly ) , prepare for your awesome day to suddenly become depressing . I almost cried several times , definitely not my favorite part of the trip . :/ 
Grr , my legs hurt and I can barely walk ! I think its from way too much basketball these past two days ... but it was fun playing ball against people my age instead of my cousins and uncles that are older than me ! 
Is awake and feeling exhausted :/ \ 
But I feel much better than I did yesterday , and my legs hurt less :D \ 
It's the last day , and I'll on my way home soon so I can sleep ! 
On the way home :) 
I don't reality like music without real instruments ... aka Lady Gaga , Rihana , < PROPFIRST > Bieber , etc . 
\Well 
Lol , I forgot ! What are we changing our profile pictures to our favorite childhood show for ? 
Lol , what kind of World Famous thief loses his treasure !? And why would that guy be a nervous , unimpressive , weak-looking wimp ? Phoenix Wright ftw ! XD 
Watching Grease ! 
I'm hopelessly devoted to you \ 
:D 
Go Greased Lightning ! \ 
Going to the zoo 
I love watching a good slaughter ! ( By which I mean the Spurs totally pwning a team ) ;) 
So apparently Playboy is gonna throw a party for a school ( high school , I assume ) ... \ 
Really ? \ 
REALLY !? Wth kind of bs is this !? Why the **** would Playboy throw a \ 
part for a freaking SCHOOL !? Lol , the nerve of some people ! What kind of\ 
( legal ) party could Playboy throw for a high schooler ? Sometimes I hate\ 
feeling like one of the few sane people in this world :/ 
So I have about 5 essays to write ( 1 for History , 1 for Spanish , 1 for English , and 2 for Model < PROPFEMALE > ) before I go to sleep ... I think I'll be lying down at about 1:15 :D 
So I kind of failed at my responses to the questions in MUNSA , but asked two good questions . I also passed a crap ton of notes , so hopefully the chair read some of those and saw I was bring fairly productive . I plan on pwning tomorrow . 
At ácenar with some cool people from model < PROPFEMALE > :D 
Grr ! Stupid restaurant ! I owe < PROPFEMALE > $2 now ! And Wooldridge got high on salsa ! XD 
Send me a number and question to my inbox , and I'll answer it on my status at my earliest convenience :D 
Waiting to see if I actually won anything .... I'm so nervous ! And lol , < PROPFEMALE > in my room broke out into a rap saying we should export all hot dog addicted zombies to Iceland ... XD 
UNESCO winners : \ 
Best delegate : < PROPFEMALE > . I would have had to jump up and tell objection if she didn't win this . \ 
Outstanding delegate : Iceland . Same as above , except he's a guy . \ 
Honorable delegate : Nigeria & Turkey . Nigeria ? Understandable . Turkey ? That is complete bs ! Poland was way better than Turkey ! I was also better , and think I may have been about as good as Nigeria . 
Gonna do 3 days worth of homework in the next hour ;) 
A little later than I expected , but I finished all I could understand from my 3 days of homework in an hour :) 
Staying up late isn't as fun as it used to be :/ 
Okay , question in inbox with # and I'll respond . :D 
Eating at Pizza < PROPFEMALE > ! I love the pizza here ! 
#1 . 7321\ 
Dude , you're funny , painfully honest ( but still funny ) , annoying ( but still funny ) , crazy ( but still funny ) , smart , you freaking saved my phone ( and indirectly my life ) , and I miss having a class with you . ( no homo ) 
Rule #1 of life : if you enjoy living , never assume someone is pregnant . Unless you are a girl/woman like my mom and made a simple mistake and apologize as nicely as you can . XD 
It's never fun getting a waitress that's pregnant . You worry about asking her for too much , commenting on it , and you feel like you have to give a more generous tip than you usually would in case she's in a tough situation . I'm glad I never had to worry about that . :D 
< PROPFEMALE > ( 5 year old sister ): Oh , you saw him ? \ 
Sissy ( 3 year old sister ): No , I hered ( heard ) him ! \ 
Lol , my sisters are so cute ! XD 
In windcrest looking at all the awesome lights ! :D 
What's the NHS thing we're doing tomorrow ? 
What's the NHS thing going on tomorrow ? 
My first time doing community service without having s clue about anything I'll be doing beforehand . I don't even know the how long I'll be there . XD I hope this NHS thing is fun . 
I went , no one was there , so after waiting around for a little over 30 minutes ( and texting an officer back and forth ) I decided to leave . 
Why ? 
What's time but a thing to kill or keep or buy or lose or live in ? I gotta go faster , keep up the pace , just to stay in my human race . 
Indiana Jones ? How could anyone say no !? 
Lol , I just NOW realized that the guy who played Indiana Jones is the same guy who played < PROPFEMALE > Solo ! XD 
Bored , I wish I was at home right now ... or at least playing volleyball with my family .... or doing anything that's not shopping :/ 
My dad just made some of his awesome soup !!! 
Ugh , this week is gonna be just as annoying/frustrating/exhausting as the last ... :/\ 
But at least I'll have a few weeks ( 2 , right ? ) to rest after this one . :) 
Glad I finished over half my homework yesterday , or else I would be starting on ALL of it right now ... 
\My head is full of pretty lumps\ " \ 
\Wow 
\Look at the stars 
Time on the computer : 9:56 \ 
Time in my head : 12:56 
For some reason , time seems to speed up when I'm writing ( essays or stories ) . Normally not something that bothers me , but at times like this it's sooooo frustrating !!! 
< PROPMALE > is showing those young guys a few tricks with that laser-guided full-court pass , and perfect block the next play ! 
Finally sleep time ! :\\ 
Is today over yet ? I want sleep .. 
Listening to the TSO on the way home . We won the match , I hardly have any homework , and things seem to be improving a little . 
I like how the day finished . Overall a good day with lots of fun and some nice surprises from my teachers . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas everybody , be safe , have fun , and ( most of all ) get some sleep ! :D 
On the way to take pictures with < PROPFEMALE > with my sisters ! :P 
So my sisters took a doll each with them in the picture ... and < PROPFEMALE > asked me where mine was at ! XD 
Watching last night's Spurs game at < PROPMALE > , and there was a random guy in the crowd wearing a Miami Heat jersey ... wtf ??? 0_o 
\So 
All of a sudden , instead of watching tv , reading , playing video games , being on the computer , or being a slacker in general , I feel like actuality studying/doing my homework ... 
Going to North < PROPFEMALE > Mall ... traffic and parking is a nightmare ! 
So when we were leaving from North < PROPFEMALE > Mall we passed right next to some traffic cones that had those guards jackets on them . My dad said , \I wonder if they would get in trouble if I reached out and took one . \ " \ 
All I want for Christmas is you ! :D 
Watching the game with my dad . :) 
Spurs win ! That game was way closer than it should have been ! 
Just realized he should have tried to bring his bass home from school :'( 
Mr. Burns : I'm going to wreak a terrible vengeance ! Ta < PROPMALE > an idea I got from a < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > book * holds up < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE>'s \Under the Dome \"* 
\Why can't you support my gibberish ? I'd do it if you were stupid ! \ " \ 
Confession time :) Inbox only . 2010 is almost over , confess something you've always wanted to tell me or ask me . 100% private . Put this as your status , you might be suprised 
So much for my plan to go to sleep before 11 .. oh well , I still think I'll get some good sleep . :D 
\Firefly 
\Put that back in your pants ! I can't stand to see two grown men argue over who has the bigger connection ! \ " \ 
The Wimberley high school volleyball team just came into the Whataburger my family and I are eating at . Interesting story , my dad claims to know the Wimberley family ( the family that founded the city Wimberley and , apparently , Wimberley ISD ) . 
That was the best burger I've had in a while ! So now Whataburger and Dairy < PROPFEMALE > are tied for the number of times my taste buds were in heaven ( 2 ) . McDonald's and Burger < PROPMALE > are tied in the negatives (-3 or 4 ) . < PROPFIRST>'s Jr. is at 0 . 
\You're a mean one Mr. Grinch\ " \ 
The Spurs have the longest winning record when scoring +100 points right now . 
Homework ? Read 2 History chapters and do about 20 events in my civil war journal ... It can wait until later . And by later I mean the day before school starts . :P 
I was watching < PROPMALE > Phantom today ... why did I never like this show !? Just like with Avatar the last Airbender , I'm hating myself for never watching it . 
\Why did you even want the Wii !? \ " \ 
I really should change my profile pic ... but considering it's awesomeness , I think I'll wait until the new year . :P 
( poke ) me if you had a crush on me . Or still do ... \ 
( like ) my satatus if you think im a good friend . \ 
( Message ) me if you ever want to be in a relationship with me . \ 
( comment ) on this status if we have ever had a good memory . \ 
I dare you to put this as your status :) 
Gonna go eat some stake in a bit ! IT'S BEEN TOO LONG !!!! ( I'm already drooling ) :P 
What's wrong with the Spurs !?!?!?!?!?!?!? :'( 
Ugh ... rain ? On Christmas < PROPFEMALE > ? LAME ! 
I'm < PROPFEMALE > glad it stopped raining ! 
My 3 year old sister just perfectly hummed \Santa Clause is Coming to Town\ " ( or whatever its called ... ) ! XD " 
I'm actually exhausted , even though its only 6:30 ... 
Soooo tired ... good night everyone , < PROPFEMALE > Christmas < PROPFEMALE > ! 
\You were the husband ? \ " \ 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas all ! I hope you have a great day ! 
So I got that Samsung Epic I wanted :p , I got Super Scribblenauts for the DS , Donkey Kong Country for the Wii , a new pair of headphones ( in addition to the ones I got from the Epic ) , and two < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > books ! The holidays are a perfect time to read some scary books ;P 
A Christmas Story ? All day long ? How could I say no !? 
Some cousins and aunts and uncles dropped by and are eating some of our ham ... :/\ 
But I get to spend some time with the extended family . :D 
My first status update with my new phone ! :D 
So my dad and I acted like tech support and helped my uncle ( my dad's brother ) get rid of a nasty virus . It was fun , but it brought up some bad memories from when I had a similar virus ... 
So since my computers graphics card isn't compatible with < PROPFEMALE > Wars Republic Commando ( one of my favorite games of all time ) , I tried installing it on my sister ' laptop . It works ! I'm so excited7 :D 
Played touch/flag ( there wasn't enough flags for everyone ) football today and yesterday . Im actually pretty sore . Even though I don't like to watch football , it was pretty fun to play ! 
I still don't know how to use the Epic , so I don't know how to send mass texts ... Which means that I got bored of sending each individual text by the time I finished with the C's . \ 
My new number is 210-884-3351 , text me your name because not all of my contact s got transferred to my new phone . 
I know I did this earlier , but I want to make sure I get everyone that was on my contacts list\ 
\I still don't know how to use the Epic 
Me ? Study ? I never thought I would have to stoop so low ... but I must . 
Thank you Epic , for coming with an amazing set of headphones . Now I can drown myself in music once more ! :) 
\Another life saved by girl-on-girl action . \ " \ 
I know I said this earlier , but I FREAKING LOVE the headphones that came with the Epic . I think I'm enjoying my new headphones more than my new phone ( for instance , having to send my number to my contacts one text at a time is frustrating , I still haven't figured out how to mass-text on this thing ... btw , my new number is 210-884-3351 , text me your name because not all my contacts got transferred ) . :) 
Watching < PROPMALE > Phantom on Netflix . :D 
Sam : You're not much of a dog catcher . \ 
Danny : Yeah no kidding , who let the dogs IN ? \ 
Sam : ... \ 
Danny : You see , the song is \who let the dogs out\ " 
Sleep time ... yay ! 
Spurs game tonight ... sorry homework , but there's more important things than doing you right now ( well , actually there will be more important things in an hour) ! :D 
25 minutes ... I can't wait !!! 
That Just Dance ( kids edition ) really takes a lot out of me , but it's fun ( attempting ) to dance with my sisters . But the annoying songs keep getting stuck in my head ... >.< 
Have I mentioned that I love my new headphones ? :D It feels like I'm listening to the best headphones ever ! I may be exaggerating , but when you've made the upgrade I did ( from cheap little headphones that came with some radio thing I won in a party game at one of my cousin's birthday part to quality headphones that came with my new phone ) I might as well be listening to Bose headphones . 
Spurs better pick it up . If they move the ball there's no way they can lose ! And way to be classy Kobe ! Even if Hill did foul you ( I couldn't really tell , the play did look iffy ) , you don't have to go and try to pick a fight with him . That's why I hate Kobe , he's all flash and no class . 
Ugh , the Spurs are playing lousy ! They gotta pick it up ! 
Spurs plain out EMBARRASSED those Lakers ! IUPUI owning on Kobey ! And Dejaun < PROPFIRST > the bear with those awesome shots ! A great night to spend some quality time with my dad ! :) 
IUPUI , Dejaun < PROPFIRST > the bear , Manu with them fast hands , and < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > with his mad shooting skizills ! 
Another team successfully put in their place by the Spurs . Too bad they couldn't go down in style , with those technical calls . 
Going to sleep early(er ) tonight . I hate having headaches and being too tired to concentrate on homework . Plus I gotta be well-rested for practice tomorrow . Between football this past weekend , Let's Dance ( Kids edition ) with my sisters , and bowling practice I've actually been getting a decent workout . :D 
[ Poke ] me if you ever had a crush on me . \ 
[ Like ] this status if I'm a good friend . \ 
[ Message ] me if you ever wanted a relationship . \ 
[ Comment ] on this if we had any great memories . \ 
If you feel brave , copy this and post it on your status ! :) 
I hate those infomercials that make people think they have to eat less to lose weight , and that less weight is always healthier ... 
Changed my profile pic ... I wish the picture was a bit bigger , maybe I shouldn't have used the front-facing camera on my phone ... 
So practice went pretty good , but I cut ( not sure how else to put it ) my thumb from the way I throw the ball ... And I went through three band-aids because they kept falling off . The rest of practice I did pretty bad . And then I went home and put tough skin on my injury , and it felt worse than dipping my thumb in alcohol . :/ 
In Manu we trust ! :P 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ! < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ! < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ! < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ! < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ! < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ! < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ! < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ! < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ! < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ! < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ! < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ! \ 
I can't wait to see this guy reach his potential ! 
I freaking hate < PROPFIRST > Cuban . I saw his face on the tv right now and was just reminded of that ... 
Go Spurs Go ! Go Spurs Go ! Go Spurs Go ! Go Spurs Go ! Go Spurs Go ! Go Spurs Go ! \ 
And < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > too , that guy is a beast !!! 
\Whose Line is it Anyway ? \ " Is a hilarious show ! XD " 
So I got the song Toxicity stuck in my dad's head . Mission accomplished ! I couldn't leave him hanging like that after he told me that that song from Victorious \Freak the freak out\ " was stuck in his head . " 
Lol , first my playlist played \here without you\ " ( by 3 doors down ) and right after it played \ " without you\ " ( by Breaking < PROPMALE > ) . XD " 
This day was a roller coaster ! Thank god its almost the weekend ! 
Weekends , I missed you so much ! 
Having fun at the Rampage game ! :P 
Its not a hockey game until there's a fight ! Woot ! 
So the Rampage annihilated the Stars tonight ! 5-1 , we freaking embarrassed them ! And we won all 3 of our fights too ( it's not a real hockey game until a fight starts) ! :P 
Real gamers can pwn at modern games like Call of Duty or classics like Galaga ! I guess I'm not real gamer since I fail at Galaga ... :/ 
I just heard some freaking loud thunder ! This is gonna be a long night ... :/ 
So after spending over 4 hours at Mr. Gatti's I feel so full and fat I can't even think about eating without getting nauseous ... but I got to play Galaga , the one game my dad can do better at than me . But I still have Guitar Hero to boast about :P . Funny how an awesome guitar player fails at a game where you play a guitar ! XD 
I love K-SAT people ! :) 
It's fun annoying people that can kill you but go to a different school . :P \ 
Especially if they don't know where you live . You don't have to go to sleep with one eye open . \ 
That's right , < PROPFIRST > Klemm , you can't touch me , I'm invincible ! And you can't hurt/blame < PROPFIRST > Campos , because it was all my idea !!! * evil laughter * 
We took down the Christmas tree today ... Why is it so much easier to take it down than it is to put it up ? 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is quickly becoming one of my favorite Spurs player ! 3 Threes in a row !? I've only seen Manu , Bowen , and Bonner do that from the Spurs team ! 
So I shot a 245 earlier in bowling practice . Its about time ! Hopefully I can keep it up ! 
Ugh , I just had a can of coke and I feel nauseous ... :/ 
I love mexican food for a late breakfast . :P 
Its been a long day and I've only been up since 10 ! When is Spring break ? 
Taking turns with my sister and dad playing the Just Cause 2 demo for the PS3 . :P 
I've just been reminded of why I hate mcdonalds ... Bad food , bad service , I feel cramped , and they seem to do their best to give you the fewest amount of condiments every time . :/ 
We just bought Killzone 2 , Modern Warfare , and Infamous for the PS3 ! Thank you $50 gift card and Best Buy sale ! :P 
Go Spurs go ! Go Spurs Go ! Gos Spurs Go ! 35-6 baby ! Yeah !!!! \ 
And lol at Tiago falling flat on his back after that monster of a dunk ! And < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is a freak of nature from that 3-point line ( usually , not as much today but he was still good ! ) !!! :D 
I like inFamous , it's a very fun game . :P 
Wow , its mlk day ! Add an I and its milk day ! :D 
School tomorrow ... And just when I was enjoying my parents ' PS3 ! :/ 
What's up my homies ! I am back on Facebook ... for several more minutes . And only on weekends . Anyways , here's a simple breakdown of my last nine weeks ( it went by so fast , yet so much has happened ): OMG I AM SO EXHAUSTED PLEASE CLUBS AND CLASSES STOP SCHEDULING THINGS ON THE SAME DAY !!!!! >.< 
Oh yeah , I have some neat pictures to put up that I've taken these past couple of weeks , but I don't have time now . :/ 
Wow , 30 minutes just flies by ... Good night all ! :D 
I love using chopsticks ! :P 
So what's with the question thing ? I don't understand how it works ... 
Ugh , it's been five hours since I last had a cascarone was cracked on my head . No matter what I do I can't get the confetti out of my hair ! But these last two days have been fun ! Exhausting , painful on my back ( try standing in the same spot with your five year old sister for almost an hour ... your back will almost be numb by the time she gets off ) , long , exhausting , and exhausting . But most of all , it's been fun ! :P 
Aw ... we have to turn in the analysis for Spielman's class on Monday , don't we ? 
I'm so frustrated with the Spurs ! I didn't expect them to do good without Manu , but they had a good shot at winning and lost it at the last couple of seconds ! They need to play defense for the WHOLE game ! D:< 
Dear Facebook , please make your mobile website less frustrating to use ! 
Watching \Burn Notice : The Fall of < PROPFIRST > Axe\ " right now ! :P " 
Ugh , exhausting week . And it's gonna get worse with ( and after ) TAKS ... but , on the bright side , I'll be able to add salt to my foods after this weekend ! :P 
Wow , it seems like I've gone soft . It's not even midnight yet and I'm already having trouble keeping my eyes open . I guess I can get on some more tomorrow . Good night peoples ! 
At < PROPFEMALE > Athletic Center Natatorium ( which is the fancy name they've given their pool ) . I really hope the rov works . :/ 
So the rov didn't work . :/\ 
Whats worse is I didn't get in the pool ! Oh well , hopefully < PROPMALE > can get it to work . 
I love House , it's an awesome show ! 
Playing Sonic 2 and 3 with my sisters . :) 
Ever since Miss Gentry had me take pictures for her for the regional TSA competition I've been almost obsessed with taking awesome pictures . I plan on putting some of these pictures up on Facebook . 
What's on your mind ? 
Well the last IQ test I took was 120 ( which was probably towards the end of summer ) . The one I took right now said 106 . I know it's just some Facebook app , but that's just depressing . :/\ 
Maybe I should take it again when I'm not feeling so tired ... 
Just finished some hardcore mini golfing with my family ! :D 
So I'm thinking that for game 4 the Spurs should just have their bench players on the floor . With < PROPFIRST > playing like a rookie in this game the Spurs couldn't possibly do much worse with actual rookies in the next game . 
I just poured myself a handfull of salt . :) 
Ahh ... Salt . It's been too long . :) \ 
Happy Easter everyone ! :D 
Still waiting for my parents tos finish the brisket ... i don't wanna wait anymore ! >.< 
YES ! IT'S BRISKET TIME !!! :D 
That brisket was gooooooood ... but I put too much salt on it .... :/ 
Almost Spurs time . I'm scared , nervous , and ( hopefully ) mentally prepared for whatever happens . The most annoying part is that I probably won't get to se the whole game because I have to be at school before 4:30 tomorrow . In the morning . :/ 
I hope the half-chourt 3 has the same effect < PROPMALE>'s shot had the other night ... We need it . 
Come on Manu , < PROPFIRST > , light it up at the FedEx forum guys . 
The Spurs gave this game away . I will never forgive them for that . I can't believe I gave up four hours of sleep for that poor excuse of a game . 
I'm gonna get too sleep . Waking up at 3 am isn't going to make facing what happened to the Spurs any easier . Good night guys . 
Yay , NASA time ! :P 
Getting closer to NASA/MATE time ! :P 
Waiting outside the interview room while everyone is having laughing fits despite trying to stay focused ! 
Gr , it's almost 12 and we still haven't gone yet . And lunch is supposed to be at 12 ! 
Just as I put up that last status they opened up the giant door and brought in all the pizzas ! :P \ 
We still can't eat yet though ... :/ 
No pepperoni ... I r angry ! And we gor 40 out of 150 possible points ... Not bad considering it was our first run ever with this rov . We will do better next time . 
So it seems to me like we just had a streak of bad luck today . Oh well , there's always next year . 
Still about an hour until I'm home ... I can't believe I've been awake since 3am ! 
Finally home :) 
Ugh ... if anyone ever has to be up at 3 am ( yesterday ) , don't go to sleep at 11 the night before ( friday ) because the day after ( today ) , no matter how much sleep you get , you will feel as exhausted and tired as if you just pulled an all-nighter . :/ 
Osama Bin Laden bin shot ! I wonder what craziness comes next ... 
At a Chick-fil-A in New Braunfels . :D 
My voice hurts from all the singing ... So far State competition has been fun ( but really exhausting ) . I hope tomorrow is just as fun ! 
