Who needs a heart when a heart can be broken ?! Really < PROPFEMALE > ? its like that now ? 

Work+School+Cross Country = 1 tired negro 
Passion drives aggression , precision prevents mistakes 
it's like , tryin to climb a mountain with perpetual height , if there is such a thing 
Someone status was new years evil lol 
Club IHOP packed barely got outta there 
Your girlfriend is cute , did you know that she's a bird ?!? 
ROFL someone changed my password .... Last name < PROPFIRST > first name < PROPFEMALE > 
Watch the sunrise , say you good-byes ... Off we go ..... 
Cnt think of any artistic or inspirational thing to say right now , but I do miss u deeply and I cant wait for my return to you 
I hear the pulse of the universe , earthquakes in < PROPFEMALE > make the most beautiful waves in < PROPFEMALE > beach 
31 days til my weddin ...... already got tunnel vision 
Uhh < PROPFEMALE > jewelers is hella slack ! Its all gud tho , her ring's back from being fitted only 30 days prior to that fantastic beach wedding 
Got the ring , order has been restored 
Hit me up if u wnt an invite to the wedding 
I make babies cry ..... 
So , I type a txt to a girl I used to see ..... 
Go team < PROPMALE > !! 
After this I might switch to < PROPMALE > , 
A < PROPMALE > history in which I'm apart yet kno nothing of ...... 
Now look who flown , straight up crusin back up on the scene ! 
I got a back-up plan to the back-up plan to back-up the back-up plan 
Despicable me !? Naw naw Despicable you !! 
Despicable me in 3D was a nice movie SN she made me recycle my 3D Glasses SMH 
Gettin married y'all , I suggest u do the same , big ego make a team and have em share ur last name lol 
Sniff sniff pick up yo fone !!!! 
These are a few of my favorite things 
I see so many chasing after God and its truly a blessing that so many praise aloud 
My AF1's feel as heavy as my army boots rite now , 
Today feel like a Friday in high school , ya kno u got a big crush on a pyt and u gota wait till Monday to tell her ... so u plan and plan wat n how u gnna say it and where , dats how I feel bout u < PROPFEMALE > , 
My ride avg 21 mpg , not bad for a 93 sports coupe with 160k on the odometer 
Busy busy busy , car avg 23 mpg 
Its 3rd and 22 , we dwn by 6 in the 4th qtr Coach T jus called 21 Sally ...... Touchdown nigga , 
Greatest day ever ! I love muh wife < PROPFEMALE > .... thank u jesus , < PROPMALE > brown , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > munnerlyn , < PROPMALE > mcleod , and last but not lease < PROPMALE > bostick I love y'all thank u for sharing our day with us 
Looking forward to the nxt few days in < PROPMALE > head peace out fb 
CVVCVBVFX 
It just hit me , as my wife and I are promenading around < PROPMALE > head , < PROPMALE > Bostick tore down dem songs at the wedding boy o boy 
Back from the frosty frog cafe , had to give up the keys since I drank a pina colada daquri 151 proof 
Walkin to the beach wit my wife on my side 
The honeymoon is 
Wife+movie+popcorn+soda+sour patch kids = awesome !! 
.... random incedents in life I almost got written on while on break , new manager straight ill wit power issues , but whatever , its a job 
Chronomentrophobia- ain't got much time left 
Jus left wendys and hardly had any fries .... then again my wife was eating likes to \inspect\ " the bag so who knows ... love u jas :) " 
In < PROPMALE > Dodson's voice , \welllllllll obviously \"" 
She'll love books and cook and look ... just like you ..., and when she's done being young ... she'll dress like you 
On the streets of columbia , listening . To sum music the potential is endless the journey starts now ..... I love u jas 
Ok , before gangsta rap , Compton was a nature preserve for bunni rabbits ..... thought y'all needed to kno , thanks a lot Ice Cube jeez but hey Friday and Lottery Ticket are pretty good films ..... I love u jas 
Currently in st. < PROPFIRST > , headed for lost in the woods 
yep yep 32 more days of basic combat training , 
Blue phase that's all I gtta say 
Yep yep 
V6 chevy all wrecked up :( but its all gud tho 
Used windex on my soul's inner-mirror , I reconize the image reflecting in my mine's eye ... Can You ? 
My m-16 and I been through a lot ... a lot of dirt cus this is by far the dirtiest rifle in the history of rifles but we can knock dwn some targets day and night 
My inner-musician and inner-soldier havin a debate right now ... SN : company run tomorrow guess who's doin sum cadences ... 
Last day of basic training rite dnt kno hw we pulled it off but my gosh 26 count em 26 pizzas coming to the barracks now now I kno wat ya think wait u supposed to be a soldier u gotta train etc look here everyone is safe I'm on the job iight 
Lord jesus thank u for my wife , she's just awesome 
Lost in the woods til new year , man o man 
Arrgh < PROPFIRST > brown 
Keypads are better than touch screens but its best to have both 
Wait jus wait 
Selfless service should be the word on the minds of Americans today . Veterans soldiers placed the needs of their country over their own , risking life so that we can enjoy this freedom .. 
Air force and marines's < PROPMALE > camo look way cooler than digi camo jus sayin proud to have u.s. army over the heart tho .. but their uniforms still cool tho 
Dear Mrs Robinson , \ 
\ 
I miss u very very very very very very very very very very ( breath ) very very very very very very very much . Love , \ 
Mr. Robinson 
< PROPMALE > man auction poor man garage sell 
People still talking bout my past like its the most interesting conversational piece in the history of human-kind .. well here is my rebut ; if man dwelled on how awesome the wheel was when it was carved , if they jus stopped right there and never thought of improving it , we wouldn't have cadallic's . So , get off muh nutz ! Geez 
Before the cars , I liked guitars 
Add p.t. badge to my list of army achievements 
My homie < PROPMALE > brown 
wow , this is the first time in a couple weeks that I haven't been able to pick up my fone and txt or call my wife , I feel like a total junkie for her love but its all gud cus her rehab is cool too ... 30 days and and ill be home 
Words of the day ; no-go , barracks , Attention , basketball , chow , turkey , randomisms affected by I ... I can drive tho , it must be genetic hooah 
White thanksgiving y'all its too cold up here , but the chow hall was great prime rib plus the original stuff 
My child hood heroes without capes ; < PROPMALE > Smith , < PROPFIRST > Smalls , and of course Hosey Dukes ... I can't imagine how different my life woulda been and imma leave it at that 
Resume 
Wonderful Wild Flower Sexy is in Season , Share Your Sunshine With Me ... Cee-Lo ..... Resume is Now 
Nothing ........... but the blood ...... hooah 
Gnna be listening to Kid CUdi new album while the weather does it thing 
Lovely weather hooah 
I made a good choice 
Holdovers tryna smoke in the latrine NOT ON MY WATCH ! 
The first time my phone has had 3G signal since I left for Leonardwood ! Am I really coming home ? Say it ain't so ! Tell me week 0 hasn't turned into week 16 and I have 2 left after January wait wait .... its gone darn u t-mobile 
.... I'm an 88m she said I can't drive anymore :( 
I think the companies who try to stop viruses on computers put the viruses on web to keep themselves in business 
Waiting on < PROPFEMALE > to get off work , I really admire her drive for success , she can do it ALL by herself but we joined forces anyway , yea Superwoman & Capt . < PROPFEMALE > 
Tryna be number 1 uncle in the universe .... who are my contenders u ask ?? Joey ... Full House .... Jesse ... Full House .... Snoop Dogg .... Interscope Records ... and < PROPMALE > N . Brown ... y'all know him ..... wish me luck she cries when she sees me poor neice but not anymore no by the end of the night I will be Uncle Bryseee 
Crushed my 7 yr old cousin in madden yesterday 36-32 but lost to < PROPMALE > Shackleford in black ops and 2k 11 miserably 
And I seen the light , I seen the light , you're the one girl .... and when it hit me it felt like lightning 
You are an Atomic blue space-aged super falcon with goose down feathers 
Little weapon , we need you now ..... POW 
Not one solitary txt from the misses during THE GAME , now I want her and the rest of the black community to call upon Dirwin or whoever when them terriorsts come and take over televison ! Down with BET 
The scourg 
Shoutout to my drummer Raheem Wright 
And if u feelin fine and if you feeling gud then cmon yea baby hop up in my GT coupe , and I say let's ride let's ride let's ride 
One more time for the people in the back 
1.5 trillion dollars data alot of money . Well , that's the nations deficit , now ask yourself .... how does one recover from that ??? 
Back to reality , back to plastic m16's ... I feel like a retired super hero or your dad who lowers the rim 8 feet so he can still dunk sigh bored unless I'm in uniform 
Oh yea 66 degrees the middle of winter 
Bout to get it in at the gym , one owes it to one's body to maintain a certain level of physical and mental discipline 
The world is so small 
Ignorance is bliss but so is knowlwdge 
Jus like cee-lo say eff uuu and uhhh eff uuu too ! 
< PROPMALE > man auction , Poor man garage sell 
Hahaha 
Can't go to bed til I wash the dishes ...... 
My genius needs tragedy in order to be relavent , 
It's like a dreamer's insomnia 
U ever tried to drive and eat Subway ?? Don't Do It ! The sandwich is too dynamic ! I say again Do Not Do It 
You got the IQ of my fucking shoe , wow 
U a bad man < PROPMALE > 
True colors ? No , I'm Monochromatic now Compliment my < PROPFEMALE > 
Never thought I would need Bass Lessons , but hey if you don't use it , you lose it . It's like I wanna be MADE 
Mission Complete 
If it hasn't been Music , what was it ? 
Imma open the studio up for lil bit 
Squeeze the geeeze ! No more no more no more 
I'm a working man , my plan is to provide the means of education for my children through my work ethic ... 
Chicken jumped off the table and killed a friend of mine 
Prolly the worst consecutives days for me ever ... 
Ha ha I remeber I almost caught ' em all on Pokemon Yellow , almost .... 
I shoulda kept the DVR ..... 
Y'all , quit leaving class cus ur < PROPMALE > left , be a dang leader not a follower .... 
None of my keyboards are compatible ..... lmao Really ?! 
I was in a music store in uniform , and a little girl who was taking her first piano lesson goes , look daddy a soldier .... wow , I mean this life is full of compromise and sacrifice but its also full of apprecitation , I love my country and the people I serve 
Growing a beard , tryna look scruffy 
What are the keys to being a ninja ? Dressed in all black , perfect vision and their movements are in silence 
Headed to the mllw mushroom yea son ! In yo face in yo face mrs. Robinson 
Headed to Aiken soon , birthplace and nest of really talented folk and some real jacked up folk 
Stressed out today , the feather's of my unusally cool demeanor have been ruffled so you may get pecked , heck you may get poo on your shoe 
shout out to my drummer !!! Raheem Wright 
Best wife ever ! Check the rankings She #1 
Blind MC from Lugoff , SC on 106 wow , 
Thanx everyone !!! Y'all need to go see that suckerpunch movie 
I feel more like an instrument hoarder than a musician but its all good , I feel like playing today 
You down wit OTT ? 
Ketchup or catsup either way it don't belong on a fry 
