Tomorrow is my last day of a twelve day work week ! WOOfreakinHOO ! I can't wait to celebrate with some saag paneer and a mango lassi ! 

Hey ! I can feel my face again ! Had a filling redone today , and my face is all good again ! Yay ! 
What an awesome day ! I saw Machete ( awesome ! ) and had Saag Paneer ( also awesome ! ) with a cute brunette ( even more awesome ! ) . And I got to overuse the word awesome to the point of making it trite ! And that's just AWESOME ! 
I just fixed the cracking grout around my bathtub ! Been meaning to do it for a month or more and I finally did it ! Between that and the arch I helped a friend of mine install , I'm becoming downright HANDY ! Go me ! Go me ! :D 
Roll Tide ! ( That was WAAY too close ) 
Thanks everyone for the kind birthday wishes ! I wish I could buy you all giant fishbowl-sized margaritas ( after the consumption of which we would all go bust out some wicked karaoke tunes at Starz) ! Ah ... I can dream ! Electronic hugs to the lot of ya ! :D 
The Race for the Boobies is tomorrow ! Now if I can just use my copious charm and negligible wit to convince all the other racers to go ever so slightly slower than me I JUST MIGHT WIN THIS THING ! WOOOOT ! 
I shall miss you , o ' friend and constant companion . You were more than just plastic and silicon , you were a living thing with all the twitches and foibles that come with it . You outlived many batteries , and performed your duties admirably despite being dropped , kicked , steamed , and generally abused . May the god of electronics have mercy on your < PROPFEMALE > soul . Rest in peace , Motorola Razr V3 . B 2005 D 2010 
Woohoo !!! I love my new IPhone ! 
Two days . Two all night parties . Too much drinking . I am SO worn out . \ 
The high point ? My \Human Centipede\ " costume was a total hit- more than I could have possibly imagined ! Pics will be posted soon ... " 
wants a bottle of Rum Chata and a glass full of ice . Yum ! 
is a diet-coke fueled fountain of awesome ! 
wishes you all a happy turkey day !!! 
was thoroughly disappointed by NASA's announcement . :o ( 
The Geminid meteor shower is going on now . Saw one burn across the sky last night , but didn't think to post about it at the time . It lasts till the 17th . 
wishes everyone a very < PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
DAMN YOU NATURE !!! ( shakes fist at the sky ) 
