\Wisdom comes with winters . \"" 

I don't play accurately-any one can play accurately- but I play with wonderful expression . As far as the piano is concerned , sentiment is my forte . I keep science for life . 
No one fails to suffer the consequences of everything under the sun . 
Wants to know where you are and why you aren't in bed with me ? 
\So I do what I do and at least I exist . What could mean more than this ? What would mean more ? Mean more ? \"" 
I'm not a prophet , but I'm here to profit . 
Please repeat the message , \ It's the music that we choose . \"" 
Back to square one . I hate square one . 
Blame it on the Tetons . 
finally a little rain ! :D 
Thinks this is getting ridiculous now . 
We were spitting venom at most everyone we know . If the damned gave us a roadmap then we'd know just where to go . 
Has the whole weekend off . :) 
$1 sheesh and $4 bottle of wine . ok night . Just a little bored however . 
Finally got his health insurance ! :D 
I guess I'll clean the floors . ;[ 
If only Mozart had the proper antibiotics ... strep throat is a killer . WORK 
I believe that the people you care about most in life are taken from you too soon . 
is covered in ants . wtf , mate ? 
Ready to sweat the day away ! 
Looking for a little afternoon delight . 
If big bird had sex with and ostrich I'm pretty sure we would have chocobos .... that's just my theory though . 
yayy ! we won !... no more 11:15 games . 
The 3rd planet is sure that they're being watched by an eye in the sky that can't be stopped . When you get to the promise land your gonna shake that eyes hand . 
Is digging < PROPFEMALE > . 
Wants a coffee and bagel app on his phone ... or just a phone with apps . 
I put my hands on the table and dare say ... 
Should I or should I not try to sneak < PROPFIRST>'s psp into work ? I've already gotten in trouble for Ipod(though I still bring it ) , word search , and a book . Which is understandable why they are getting mad , however , they are < PROPMALE>'s . 
\These days I'm left to howl in tune . \"" 
Ob-la-di Ob-la-da life goes on bra ! < PROPFEMALE > how the life goes on !... better ? 
The heavens finally opened up and graced us with some rain . About damn time . 
Received some nomnoms from Andrej ! XD 
failed his attempt to get to bed early . I need an off switch . 
What's the difference between and pizza and an english < PROPMALE > ? A pizza can feed a family of 4 . hah . KROW 
Can't wait to see Miss < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > ! :D 
I hope I don't forget something . It's been known to happen . 
Finally found time to poop after a super fun weekend in the big bad city with my amykins ! 
Colorless green ideas sleep furiously . 
is home for lunch break to grab a beer and cook a totinos pizza . 
donated over 4000 grains of rice today . I feel like a saint . 
Who fuses the music with no illusion producing the blue prints , clueless ? 
The world is spinning too fast . I’m buying lead Nike shoes to keep myself tethered to the world I try to lose . 
Hopes this new season of House is better than the last . 
Has procrastinated long enough ; now to get some papers done . 
one more class , woot ! 
sleepy sleepy 
Schedule for tonight : Lab , Cookies , < PROPMALE > , Monkey Pants for < PROPFIRST>' 21st 
Now all the things you had , they aren't the same ... as what you hold . 
Has the whole day off ! I feel like its my birthday or something . 
Didn't you think I knew that you were born with the power of a locomotive , able to leap tall buildings in a single bound ? 
\Can I have more friggin nibblies ?! \"" 
Gots a < PROPFEMALE > now ! :D 
whatevs . 
Is learning an OCEAN of information right now . 
When we move , we move with wings on our shoes . Sickest angels you've ever known . 
Anotha ' day , anotha dolla ' 
Has 3 bottles of wine , and house to himself . Time to get toasted , and watch some friends . 
the truth is , I'm just getting started . 
: sigh : 
Is off fighting crime and saving lives . 
Introducing salary cap to soccer should be interesting . 
Sweat till I'm wrinkled and gray while that lucky old sun got nothin to do but roll around heaven all day . 
Backstreet Boys still gots it !.... shouldn't they be Backstreet Men by now ? at least young adults . 
proximity mines in the facility 
One more time with feeling ... Do do do do do do-we-oo-we-oo-we-oo 
great night for a long drive . :) 
No class or work todaiz , motherfuckers !... Time to clean my room . 
\Are we too stoned ? My feet feel very interesting in my shoes . \ " lol " 
robitussin = liquid disgusting . 
throw me a frickin ' bone here . 
Has a interview with Wells Fargo tomorrow , woot ! 
keep your friends close , keep your kittens closer . 
You're goddman right it's a beautiful day . 
I'm not carefree , no . I'm free to care , I just never do . 
2 and a half hours of Monsters of Folk = multiple orgasms . 
Parmesan and garlic kettle chips are worth the looks of disgust from my awful breath . 
Would really enjoy it if someone would take me on date to see A Serious Man tonight !... C'monnn it'll be funnnn .... 
Fat bottomed girls you make the rockin ' world go round . 
Pros and cons of the day : First cons : woke up at 8 , woke up on a floor , drank millstone coffee , worked longer than planned because of poor scheduling , phone died while talking to my bff . Pros : was not hungover , recived my financial aid , talked to my bff , didnt die driving on a tire with a chunk missing from the tread , has a kitten currently sitting in my lap . Could this be evidence of < PROPFEMALE > !? I doubt it . 
Is too tired to even drink . 
Will be attending the Fun . concert on Sat . 7th at the clubhouse , let me know if you wanna join . It'll be ... fun . :D 
How many licks does it take to get to the center where there's something sweet 
How nice is the weather today ? yeaaaa ?! 
“Remember , people will judge you by your actions , not your intentions . You may have a heart of gold -- but so does a hard-boiled egg . ” 
my head hurts . :( 
is coocoo for hookah puffs . 
Come on in , my weary friend the welcome here is endless . 
No , this is how it works ; you peer inside yourself , you take the things you like , and try to love the things you took . 
thinks if they were to serve a juice in heaven it would probably be a toss up between apple juice and white grape peach juice . 
Hasn't seen his dad in over a year ... only 2 more days ! :D 
Will you hear me out ? You're the only thing that really counts . 
that 24 hour prayer area is VERY creepy at night . 
I lost my leg like I lost my way . So no loose sounds , nothing to see me down . 
Has to poo , then go to class . More excited about pooing . 
Watching The Reader with my pops . 
We've got a lot , don't you ever forget that . 
Life , as the Buddhists said twenty-four hundred years ago , isn't but includes suffering . See it as it is , accept the good with the bad , and thereby enjoy much of it . 
Thread the light , Shine the light , Don't hide the light , Live the light , And give the light . 
Is carrying on this current trend he is in with a follow up of Once tonight . 
Is giving Dicks the shaft today . ZING ! 
Is practicing the 3 H's tonight ; hookah , howies , and hibernation . 
Droppin ' d'em buckets ! ( for those of you ignorant to street jargon that means I'm playing basketball . ) 
Sitting around a fire , making s'mores , and hanging out with a few close friends . It's the simplicities of life that I find the most beautiful and rewarding . 
Good luck to all you retail folk out there . I know I will need it . 4am-10pm .... no i did not miss type that . X_x 
Thinks Keanu Reeves put on an < PROPFIRST > winning perfomance in Sweet November . 
So hurry up and run to the one that you love and blind them with your kindness . 
Yup , still the same . 
There are three musts that hold us back : I must do well . You must treat me well . And the world must be easy . 
You ! Cake or Death ?! 
Baby girl , you and me need to go to your teepee . 
Feels like a big bucket of snot . 
Likes how he gets sick as soon as school is over . All the mental and physical barriers finally broke down . 
No Lies , Just Love . :) 
Mmmmm , < PROPMALE > N Cheese at 1:00 am ... don't judge me . 
More niblies ! 
Life is not a play , it's what we make of those people we love . 
Yo girl , can I be your secret < PROPFEMALE > ? 
' Cause I just rolled and I tumbled , down that long road I stumbled while shooting in the dark as to what's best . 
So sad . :( 
Straight chillin with < PROPFEMALE > at < PROPFIRST>' 
Yawm . 
I don't want to work , I just want to bang on me drum all day ... and by this I mean serenade my kitten with Brand New . 
Anticpating what should be the most epic 3D experience ever viewed in an IMAX ... 3D just doesn't cut it without a pair of ridculously cheap and thick framed 3D glasses . 
Wants to know what kind of PhD these Dr. Pepper and Dr. K have , and why Mr. Pibb never earned his PhD ? 
Heading to Show Low for some cold mountain action ! 
They are relentless to the contestents on The Biggest Loser . 
I read the news today , oh boy ... 
Dissapointed we lost our first basketball game . :( This was just the ice breaker though , we got this shit ! 
Many people will never allow themselves to realize their full potential because they are bound by mental constraints of doubt , fear , inferioity , and unworthines . This is why I chose not to be classified under the category of \many people . \ " It's not who you are that will dictate what you do ; it's what you do that will determine who you are . - Yours truly . " 
Mmmmmm the smell of wet dirt , I luff Arizona rain . :) 
SHAPOW !..... Yeah , that's how we do . 
Is nice and toasty in his room . :D 
Naps on rainy days : perfect . 
I just finished watching the last show of Conan and couldnt be more heartbroken . :( 
1 part tired + 2 cups of coffee + 2 granola bar = academic excellence . 
Really would like some chorizo con huevos , wrapped up in a freshly cooked tortilla , and topped off with some red hot . mmmmmmmmmmm 
IMPORTANT !!! I had to reset my phone , so I no longer have anyone's phone number : text me with your name so I can add it . Shpanks a lot ! 
Literate and stylish , kissable and quiet .... I'm under the impression that's what girls dreams are made of . 
!!! IMPORTANT !!! So as you all should know , I had to reset my phone and ALL OF MY < PROPFIRST > WERE ERASED ! So , I'm at 13 #'s ( including everyone who told me their number on facebook ) now . If you haven't text me with your name , I don't have your number and will not be able to contact you with my phone . PLEASE TEXT ME YOUR NAME IF YOU HAVE MY NUMBER AND WANT ME TO STILL CALL YOU ! Thanks . :) 
Can't wait till June !... All this football hype is getting me excited for the world futbol tournament : World Cup 2010 ! Brasil , don't fail me ... 
Don't make me go all Sayid Jarrah on your ass . 
Playing volleyball at freestone at 630 , youre welcome to join . :) 
Reality TV ... what they didnt tell you is that its actually an acronym for : Really Entertaining Assholes , Losing Their dignitY . 
Has a date with someone that when you open her up , she is as dilicate as a leaf . Her words < PROPFEMALE > so much insight and depth that you feel instantly swallowed up by her stories . When she bids her end , all you wish is that you could relive that moment with her again .... Yeah it's a book . :) 
When making PB&J's I always run into the same predicament : What spread do I add to fullfill this delicious concoction ?! Rasberry Preserves , Apricot Presereves , Grape Jelly , or Strawberry Jelly ?! My mind is just oozing with possibilities . 
I'm wide awake , it's morning . 
Has a full day off for studying , hw , and relaxing ... so thankful . :) 
feels the sick coming on . ;( 
\I'm keeping up with the < PROPFEMALE > on an all night avenue . \"" 
My nose is chafing from blowing it so much . 
You know you had a good night when you wake up with sand in your hair . 
\Your dreams will become part of the future and coincide with the past . \"" 
Sun salutations . 
\We can park the < PROPFIRST > and walk to town . Find cheapest bottle of wine that we could find and talk about the road behind ; how getting lost is not a waste of time ... And it's all for the sake of arriving with you . \"" 
\We've gotta stand a little closer to the lessons we have learned . Is it just a premonition ? Could we really get ourselves both burned ? \"" 
Hayao Miyazaki looks like the japanese Colonel Sanders , \Eat fryyy cheeekan ! \"" 
Just got the new Final Fantasy game : Do not disturb . :D 
Why cinnamon rolls only come with 8 still baffels me . THERE\S SPACE FOR FUCKING 9 IN THE GODDAMN PAN ! FUCK ! YOU'RE SUPPOSED TO BE THE EXPERTS ! " 
Ultimate Frisbee , 10am , Dobson Ranch Park ( On Dobson between Guad and Baseline ) . Feel free to come join . :D ! 
Such a perfect day . 
Alright , time to start being productive . 
The Sandman's waiting to deliver me my dream . 
Chocolate chip pancakes with man eggs . Nomnoms 
will soon be a brother to a beautiful baby sister . :D ! 
I don't know what I'd do without coffee sometimes ... 
I slappa d'bass . 
Damn ... I already want to take a nap . ;( 
\I got lost in the sounds ... I hear in my mind all of these voices ; I hear in my mind all of these words ; I hear in my mind all of this music ; and it breaks my heart . \"" 
What a gorgeous day . 
Reading the introduction written for my groups lab reestablished my understanding why the teachers talk to BIO 100 students like they are 3rd graders . Oh my ... 
Love is speaking in code , it's an inside joke . Love is coming home . 
R-E-C-Y-C-L-E , recycle . C-O-N-S-E-R-V-E , conserve . Don't you P-O-L-L-U-T-E , pollute the rivers skies or trees ; or else your going to get what you deserve . 
2 down , 3 to go . 
\Goodbye to sleep . I think this staying up is exactly what I need . \"" 
Dear Sun , \ 
Lets turn it down a bit this summer , ' ey ? \ 
Love < PROPFIRST > 
round 2 , Dr. panarsuss . 
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Very pleased with my financial aid next semester ! 
Loving these cool nights . 61 degrees ftw . 
\'Cause You know where nice people end up ? On welfare . \ " I knew it ! The girls on The City are so wise . " 
I love summer . 
\The truth is that gossip is as good as gospel in this town . You can save face but you won't ever save your soul ; and that's a fact ! \"" 
hasn't woke up before 11 since school has been out ... awesome . 
Literate and stylish ; kissable and quiet ; I'm under the impression that's what girls dreams are made of . 
52 degrees . Thank you , San < PROPMALE > . 
Homeward bound . 
No ones a virgin because life screws us all . 
Lago de Saguaro ma ? ana con se ? or Reade . No puedo esperar ! :D 
What a great day . :) 
It's begun . :D ! 
The window washing water at gas stations always smell of death . 
I'm upset brasil let NK score , and even more upset that people are questioning Maicon's attempt on goal . It was an obvious shot , not a lucky cross . GRRRRR 
< PROPMALE > Hoffman is a bad ass in The Graduate , ' nough said . Oh , it also has an amazing soundtrack . Love me some < PROPMALE > and Garfunkel ... did that sound queer ? Eh , whatevs . 
Leave it to LA to start a riot over a victory ... they must be protesting the immigration laws . 
< PROPFEMALE > is living up to their name ... coach sent a player home ... team refuse to practice ... French director resigns ... Lol 
Victory !!! Fabiano tore it up . 
Brilliant finish , though it should have been 2 - 0 game . But it did make it more epic ! 
Moving on up ! 
Italy has some work to do ... and so little time . 
What a heartbreaker . 
It's a beautiful thing when you come across half of your subway sandwich in the fridge and you have 3 hours left of work , starving and no time for lunch . 
“We can never judge the lives of others , because each person knows only their own pain and renunciation . It's one thing to feel that you are on the right path , but it's another to think that yours is the only path . ” Paulo Coelho 
I already miss ribblets . :( 
Ole ole ole ole Brasil ole 
Only 109 today , great day to move . 
Moving round 2 
Done . Sleep . 
< PROPMALE > melo = dream killer . Netherlands ftw . 
Doesn't want to remember this horrible day ... thank god I'm in Vegas . 
The best part of waking up is blue < PROPFEMALE > in your cup . :) 
Spain vs Netherlands should be a very good match . Netherlands 2-1 . 
Miami heat , Ehh ? 
< PROPFIRST > the octopus prevails . 
\The world's got me dizzy again . You'd think after 22 years I'd be used to the spin . \ " Yes ! Finally ... " 
Thank you all for the birthday wishes , you don't know how much I appreciate it ! Q n brew tonight to celebrate , mill and southern . Come join ! 
Yay for internetz ! 
So ... I just realized I signed up for the GRE computer test ... I don't know if there is any kind of advantage/disadvantage in contrast with the paper based test . I know with the computer based you have to complete the questions before moving on(that being a disadvantage in my opinion ) . If anyone has any further information on the computer test in comparison to the paper , let me know ! 
was just verbally destroyed . Time to start reading a dictionary . 
I love Snatch ... take it how you please . :D ! 
Loved inception . Makes me want to read more on psychodynamics . 
I want to be where your heart is home . 
105 at 1030 at night ... 
< PROPMALE > Hansard , you best-ed me once again you glorious < PROPFEMALE > man . 
Has been up since 9am yesterday ... sleepy time . 
Fresh cut bananas in cereal always makes it better . 
Well , I knew I was lucky when the needle came and stuck me , this porcupine came and poked my cactus hide . 
has the next two days off ! :D ! 
\I'm not the kind of man who's into looking downward . I've drank my share of pity from the bartender's cup . So many people wondering \ " What's the right direction ? \ " As far as I'm concerned there's only one way up . \"" 
Food plz . 
Boo on working during rainy days . 
Has a baby sister now ! :D 
I'll speak my mind whenever I feel slighted ... Take heart , sweetheart , or I will take it from you . 
Looks like its meal bars and energy drinks today . 
You tried to keep it a secret , but now the world's gonna know . You aimed for perfection , but then oh uh oh ... 
Really wishes he could watch the new < PROPFIRST > Bourdain tonight ... he's going to Dubai . ;( 
Can't wait till the Brazil vs US game . Should be an example of what the Brazilian team should have been doing during the cup . Much more young talent . 
was sent to another store to help out .... and now has 2 weeks off ... not bad . :D 
Is it that time of the year already ? 
I really believe I have the soul of a 60 year old man . 
whole body hurts . 
is considering dropping out of school due to heat exhaustion . 
who wants to cook me dinner ?! 
Is it gay that I've seen < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > and kinda enjoyed it ? 
I'm out of everything , noone sleeps till we get this shit out on the shelves . 
I don't know if there is proper sleeping etiquette when staying at someones house after drinking ... but I think if it's after 12pm , it's time to gtfo . So tell me , why is there still a boy sleeping on the couch ? 
Who I felt should have been < PROPFEMALE > Winners : Drama Series - Lost , variety/music/comedy show - Conan , Lead actor in drama - < PROPFIRST > C Hall , Supporting actor in drama - < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > . Not to say the actual winners don't deserve one , but it's about time to see some new winners . Disappointed . :/ 
Money don't get everything , it's true . \ 
But what it don't get , I can't use . \ 
Now give me money . 
Let the 36 hour work weekend begin ... I love retail . I think I'm going to vomit , I love it so much . 
no quiero ir < PROPMALE > trabajo . 
Q n Brew at 830 if anyone wants to join . :D 
Remember , the only thing we need sometimes are chilly nights and warmer thighs . 
What's it like to have a day off ? 
Here is a scale . Weigh it out and you will find , easily , more than sufficient doubt that these colors you see were picked in advance by some careful hand with an absolute concept of beauty . 
1000 dollars later and my car is fixed ... yay ? 
Well I made amends in the general sense , but the devil's in the details . 
has to poo ... but is stuck at school till 415 . :( 
Nice to see cardinals back to their normal losing-self . 
I have the simplest tastes , I'm satisfied with the best . 
Absolutely cannot wait for this road trip to Portland . Lord knows I need a break . 
Nature Valley granola bars are probably my fav . 
Finds it funny how he spent about 4 weeks learning about neurons ( anatomy , functions , types , neurotransmitters , correlated disorders , etc . ) , but then is required to learn neuroanatomy ( nervous systems , brain and spine anatomy , functions , disorders , etc . ) AND visual processing in about two weeks . oi . 
Head Case is one of my new favs . 
\I prefer sex over gender . Heh\ " - Dr Homa " 
I hate ( cannot emphasize the hate enough ) driving school . 
Just watched a recap of our game with Dallas ... I can't wait till this season starts . 
The great thing about Arizona is that you can still enjoy going to pool in the middle of October . :D 
Q n Brew tonight if anyone is interested for some good times . :) 
is disappointed that the US version of skins is going to be the exact same plot and characters as the UK version ... fail . ;( 
What happen to the days when the only substances we worried about overdoing were booze , cigarettes , and coffee ? I miss those days ... and I wasn't even around to see them . 
Fun . with < PROPMALE > Gorbel opening ! Should be a good night . :) 
\prop 19 fails to puff-puff pass . \ " haha I thought that was clever . " 
Kung Fu movies never get old . 
First full day off since school started ... woot ! Now to study ... it's a vicious cycle . 
Love's espn on xbox 360 . 
http://www.azcentral.com/arizonarepublic/news/articles/2010/11/12/20101112arizona-pot-measure-provisional-ballots.html 
I'd hire < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > as my defense attorney . 
The time has come for colds and overcoats . 
It's not always easy , and it's not always as planned ; but you always have a choice . That's the beauty of free will . Never settle for anything less than who you are and what you wish to be . 
So ... who else has never heard of Qatar ? 
Wild boar , quail , pheasant ... it's a party in my mouth and they're all invited . Not to mention all the beer to compliment each one . Can't wait ! :D ! 
In a state of food and beer ecstasy . 
ob-la-di ob-la-da life goes on , brahhh ! la-la how the life goes on . 
What the fog ?! 
J . Duds is probably one of my favorite players right now . 
Congratulations to my good friends < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > Reade and the beginning of their new family ! Love you guys ! :D 
wants a photo booth set up for every occasion . 
Saturday's coachella lineup just made me tinkle a little . It's a must go . 
Has 50 new rat friends ! You can only imagine all the fun we will have . 
“If we value independence , if we are disturbed by the growing conformity of knowledge , of values , of attitudes , which our present system induces , then we may wish to set up conditions of learning which make for uniqueness , for self-direction , and for self-initiated learning . ” - < PROPFIRST > Rogers 
I'm much more of a Gemini anyways . 
Anyone available for spanish 202 tutoring ? 
coachella tickets are now 900 < PROPFEMALE > ...!?!?! ridiculous . 
Chapter 11 ... again . yay for getting out of retail . 
is enjoying the new bright eyes album . :D 
I think Lua is blind in one eye ... :( 
school all day ... what a bummer . 
Sasquatch ... it's happening . 
\When panic grips your body and your heart is a hummingbird\ 
Loves how the suns have been playing lately . 
If anyone knows of any par t-t ime job positions let me know . Thanks ! :) 
' s tap light is broken . My life is falling apart . ;( 
Is surprised at some of the foods parents didn't let their kids eat ... breadsticks !? Popcorn !? Hash browns !? Potato chips !? And brownies !? Craziness . 
Just when you thought river dancing couldn't get better ... river dancing on ice shows up . 
why am I still in the library at asu !?!?!?!? 
has so many trades to read up on . 
\A checklist is a list of items to be noted or consulted . \ " I'm learning so much in my project mngt class . " 
Almost went a whole year without , \you look like that guy from Dawson's Creek ! \"" 
our liquidator was canned today ... how ironic . 
A guy just told us we were going out of business because we didn't have spare boxes for him . Bahaha ! Loving it . 
Oh man ... the heat is creeping in . 
wish there was a post spring break-break 
Going to q n brew at 10 if anyone wants to join feel free . :) 
There's a person in my class that bleached his hair ... something tells me he isn't going to bring that look back . 
What a silly night . 
So , go turn their heads . Go knock them dead . Go break their hearts . 
Such a gorgeous day . 
$230 for a ticket to boston ? yes , thank you . It's going to be a fun 4th of July ! 
good-bye , knicks 
I really hate the new Heineken commercial so much I felt it necessary to make a facebook post about it . 
Where can I find some good indian food ? 
Here's to hoping for a Boston and LA sweep ! 
Being in scottsdale always let's me know of where I stand in this world . 
Looks like I'm busting out the snes tonight . 
Someone get the broom ready ! 
Over heard the kids outside playing pretend family composed of a step dad and step kids ... The American family everyone . 
BBQing at the pool today at 530 . Bring your game face , there's going to be some fierce Vball going down . 
I wonder if the number of college graduates would go up if they offered people with degrees discounts on alcohol ? Sounds like a good social experiment . 
So glad to be drinking with my best friends . :) 
Does anyone know someone reliable that would install parts into a 2000 honda civic ? 
Rainy Arizona nights are the best . 
It's a Savage day in history . 
Make yourself free , a man said that to me . Now my heart is like an open door . 
Jack : Where do you keep your money , Liz ? \ 
Liz : I have 12K in checking ... \ 
Jack : Are you an immigrant ? 
Had a very pleasant time with < PROPFIRST > Caravello and < PROPFEMALE > Koehler in < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > . I missed their faces and Scribbles ! Now off on the fearsome 16hr drive to Portland ... 
Successfully drove from portland to phoenix in under 20hrs . Sleep beckons . 
First Portland , next Cajun party in Show Low , then GRE , and lastly Boston for the 4th ... what a month . 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > is a far more remarkable person than most I have met . 
Mmmm ... I love toastadas . 
So close and so good !!! 
Was expecting a 2 hr hike up a mountain and ended up walking around the desert for 3 hours . Fail . 
So much pool and drinking ... such a good night . :) 
So thankful to still be able to have such good times with all my friends for so many years now and many more to come . 
\For-get-it\ " four separate doors . " 
Good times with good people . 
I know what super 8 is about !! 
Why are the first 7 episodes to < PROPFEMALE > the vampire slayer missing from netflix ? this is upsetting . 
Interview this morning . Joy . 
Off to my third interview in a week ! If only I was this good at getting dates ... 
Dreaded GRE in 3 hours and then I can relax with a flight to Boston to visit my loves < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > . Happy day indeed . :) 
is having so much funz ! 
\Changes happen when we go against everything we're used to doing \"" 
If Jesus were here he'd say , Can I get some more friggin ' niblies ?! It's such a small bag of niblies . The irony of the size of the plane and the pack of niblies is amazing . 
I'm the balderdash champ . 
What is this .... rain ?! 
I like baking delicious treats . What can I say ? 
Thanks for the birthday wishes , I really appreciate all the love . 
\No need to thank me . I'm just the one who beat him off ... repelled him would have been a better phrase . \ " Spike " 
Just finished all seven seasons of < PROPFEMALE > . * tear * Now I can have my life back . 
I'm pretty drunk . 
Has a very exciting night ahead of him . :) 
nothing like a Stone IPA after a 2 mile run . If I didn't have a complex about my manhood before , that's about to change . 
\We are healthy only to the extent that our ideas are humane . \"" 
Our apartments now pick up our trash every evening for us . God bless < PROPFEMALE > . 
\I'll go braving everything with you swallowing the shine of the sun . \"" 
Eff it , I'm already jealous of my besties on the east coast partying down without me . I can't have my instate buddies leave me too ... I'm going to Vegas . 
\Capybaraaaaah .... that's the sound a capybara would make if it was a pokemon . \ " this is what popped into my head as soon as I saw that Yahoo ! bulletin about the capybaras . " 
It's that time of the year again , moving day . 
Finally , an invention I can appreciate . A razor with a easy cleaner that pushes out the hair that gets stuck between the blades . What a relief . 
I could roll you up in a tortilla , throw a little red hot on top , and eat you . Just saying . 
I imagine I smell like big-foots ball sack right about now . 
Walking and watching a dog ... I feel like a regular < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > . 
Anyone watch the newer episodes of House ? He has gone absolutely bananas . 
I forgot how much I love John-jay & < PROPMALE > . 
Why oh why do i have to complete 250+ actividads < PROPFEMALE > semana en mi clase de español !?!? 
Drinking with Lindz and company . Gotta love it . 
Off to what is being considered as the best bachelor party of the century . 
Left my window open in front of < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE>'s and a cat ( prob tux ) pissed in my car . Joke's on me . 
