You don't care . Why should you ? 

There are two kinds of lives we all live . A life of happiness , or a life of meaning . For a life of happiness , one must always live in the moment , uncaring of the past , unaware of the future . For a life of meaning , one is condemned to wallow in the past , and obsess about the future . 
You must not lose faith in humanity . Humanity is an\ 
ocean ; if a few drops of the ocean are dirty , the ocean does not become\ 
dirty . - Gandhi 
Nearly everything you do is of no importance , but it is important that you do it . - Gandhi 
There's something wrong with me , there's something wrong with you , there's something wrong me , I hope your stepson doesn't eat the fish . There's nothing wrong with me , there's something wrong with you . Don't eat the fish . 
Be the change that you want to see in the world . 
Even in a minority of one , the truth is the truth . 
If I had no sense of humor , I would long ago have committed suicide . - Gandhi 
One's own religion is after all a matter between oneself and one's Maker and no one else's . - Gandhi yet again . 
The Banshee Screams for Buffalo Meat 
Finally got a FUCKING job ! WOOT 
< PROPFIRST>'s pecker picked another pickle-bearing pussy pepper . Meeting < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Winked an eye , point a finger . Former cop undercover just got shot now recovered . Fighting crime with a partner < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . 
I sit , in my desolate room , no lights , no music , just anger , I've killed everyone , I'm away forever , but I'm feeling better 
Ate a pork chop for dinner and had nice applesauce too ! 
I divorce your innocence and my guilt , I divorce the lying sellout confidence , I divorce the love bled meaningless , I divorce the makeshift harmony , \ 
I divorce the taunting acts of violence , \ 
I divorce the pastime of jealousy , I divorce iniquity in this mother fuckin ' bullshit life , \ 
Just want it all to go away , \ 
Just want to run away to die , take it , myself , my life . 
Why does everyone feel like my enemy , don't want to be part of depression or darkness , I've had enough , sick and tired , bring the sun , or I'm gone . I need to find a darkened corner , a light less corner , where it's safer and calmer . I'm flying , I'm flying away . 
is disheartened , and conflicted . 
Almost ready to go away for good . 
Found my rock . climbing back under . 
Give me one more medicated peaceful moment . I don't want to feel this overwhelming hostility . 
Please take me away . 
viewed saw 3d . Meh . Good to < PROPFIRST > Ewles again . < PROPFIRST > from < PROPFIRST > Hood : Men in Tights . 
Empty\ 
your mind , be formless , shapeless - like water . Now you put water into\ 
a cup , it becomes the cup , you put water into a bottle , it becomes the\ 
bottle , you put it in a teapot , it becomes the teapot . Now water can\ 
flow or it can crash . Be water , my friend . 
You don't see me at all . 
favorite food : milk steak\ 
hobbies : magnets\ 
likes : ghouls\ 
dislikes : people's knees 
Life is a waterfall . We're one in the river , and one again after the fall . 
Swimming through the void , we hear the word , we lose ourselves , but we find it all . 
Run , < PROPFEMALE > , run , sexual being . Run it like a blade , to and through the heart . 
When I was a child , I had a fever . My hands felt just like , two balloons . Now I've got that feeling once again . 
You can't kill me , I'm already dead , inside my hole , inside my head . We just beg for any way to be sedated , it's all about escaping , numb to me , numb body from this hell . 
When you lose small mind , you free your life . When you free your eyes , eternal prize . 
Conversion , software version 7.0 , looking at life through the eyes of a tire hub . 
Wired through the eyes of a horse , of a jet pilot , one that smiled when he flew over the bay . 
work is ... curious . 
Following the rights movement , you clamped down with your iron fists , drugs became conveniently available to all the kids . Nearly two million Americans are incarcerated in the prison system , prison system of the U.S. 
Let's begin with the past in front , and all the things you really don't care about now . You'll be exactly where I'm at . And to think , you've got a grip , well look at yourself , you lips are like two flaps of fat . They go front and back and flappity flappity flap . 
Nothing is true ... Everything is permitted . 
You cannot reach me now , no matter how you try . Goodbye , cruel world , it's over . Walk on by 
Sitting in a bunker , here behind my wall . Waiting for the worms to come . In perfect isolation , here behind my wall . Waiting for the worms to come . 
Unannounced twister games , all players with no names , they lined up double quick , but just one pogo stick . Everyone gets to play , runaway , exposé , it was so exotic , but just one pogo stick 
Science fails to recognize the single most potent element of human existence . Science , has failed , our world . Science , has failed our Mother Earth . Spirit-must rule all things . Spirit-moves through all things . 
It's never to late to reinvent the bicycle , a smile brings forth energy or life , giving you force . 
Though his mind is not for rent , don't put him down as arrogant . His reserve , a quiet defense , riding out the day's events . The river . 
Exit the warrior , today's < PROPMALE > Sawyer , he gets high on you and the energy you trade , he gets right on to the friction of the day . 
Deaf and blind and dumb and born to follow . What you need is someone strong to guide you ... like me . 
Familiar feeling of indifference . 
My shadow's shedding skin . 
I am everything . I am nothing . 
Fearlessly the Idiot faced the crowd . Smiling . 
I've been crawling on my belly , clearing out what could have been . I've been wallowing in my own confused and insecure delusions , for a piece to cross me over , or a word to guide me in . I wanna feel the changes comin down . I wanna what I've been hiding , in my shadow . 
Some say a comet will from the sky , followed by meteor showers and tidal waves , followed by fault-lines that cannot sit still , followed by millions of dumbfounded dipshits . 
Something kinda sad about , the way that things have come to be . Desensitized to everything . What became of subtlety ? How can this mean anything to me ? If I really don't feel anything at all ? I'll . Keep . Digging . Till I . Feel . Something . 
I choose to live and to , lie , kill and give and to , die , learn and love and to , do what it takes to step through . 
This body , this body holding me . Be my reminder that I am not alone in , this body , makes me feel , eternal , all this pain is an illusion . 
Twirling ' round with this familiar parable . Spinning , weaving ' round each new experience . Recognize this as a holy gift and celebrate this < PROPMALE > to be , alive and breathing . 
So familiar , and overwhelmingly warm . This one , this form I hold now . So wide eyed and hopeful . While , we barely remember what came before this precious moment . 
I embrace my < PROPFEMALE > to . I embrace my < PROPFEMALE > to , feel the rhythm , to feel connected , enough to step aside and weep like a widow , to feel inspired , to fathom the power , to witness the beauty , to bathe in the fountain , to swing on a spiral . 
Swing on a spiral of our divinity and , still be a human . 
Something has to change . Undeniable dilemma , boredom's not a burden anyone should bear . Constant over-stimulation numbs me , but I would not want it any other way . 
Be patient . I must keep reminding myself of this . 
If there were no rewards to reap , no loving embrace to see me through this tedious path I've chosen here , I certainly would have walked away by now . And I still may . 
I'm reaching up and reaching out . I'm reaching out for the random , or whatever will bewilder me . 
This body holding me , reminds me of my own mortality . Embrace this moment , remember , we are eternal , all this pain is an illusion . 
As below , so above and beyond I imagine , drawn beyond the lines of reason . Push the envelope . Watch it bend . 
Over thinking , over analyzing , separates the body from the mind . Withering my intuition , leaving opportunities behind . Feed my will to feel this moment , urging me to cross the line . Reaching out to embrace the random , reaching out to embrace whatever may come . 
It's not enough , I need more . Nothing seems to satisfy . I said , I don't want it , I just need it . To breathe , to feel , to know I'm alive . 
oh , what people will do for money . Prostitutes , the lot of ya . 
Life feeds on life feeds on life feeds on life feeds on life feeds on life feeds on life . \ 
This . Is . Necessary . 
Though his mind is not for rent , to any God or government . Always hopeful yet discontent . He knows change is not permanent . But change is . 
How could anyone love , that which does not love itself . 
I have come curiously close to the end . Down beneath my self-indulgent pitiful hole . Defeated , I concede and move closer . I may find comfort here yet . I may find peace within the emptiness . How pitiful . It's calling me ... 
Where others blindly follow the truth , remember , nothing is true . Where\ 
others are limited by morality or law , remember , everything is\ 
permitted . 
A ghost walks into a bar and asks the bartender for a lemonade . The bartender says ' here ya go , i've never seen a stiff drink . ' 
contemptuously content 
One great big festering neon distraction . I've a suggestion to keep you all occupied . Learn to swim . 
I was there when it began , \ 
\ 
and I know when it will end . \ 
My only enemy is man , \ 
yet you are still my dearest friend . \ 
I invented evolution . \ 
I gave you your first breath . \ 
I was there at your conception\ 
and I'll be there at the time of death . 
I lick my brain in silence . Rather squeeze my head instead . Midget man provoking violence . Listen not to what I said . 
It's all about sedating , we just beg for any way to get away . Who do you bow down to ? Does your God come in capsule , or on a plate ? Trying to sedate you , swallow self and bring on the alien . 
Fearlessly the Idiot faced the crowd ... Smiling . 
I'm Already Dead To This World . 
Advice , when most needed , is least heeded . 
Does your God come in a capsule ? To sedate you , tear the walls down ? Headless prison cannibals chew to consume you . Bring the Alien . 
Kill your alien . 
Down in a hole and I don't know if I can be saved . See my heart , I decorate it like a grave . You don't understand who they thought I was supposed to be . Look at me now , a man who won't let himself be . 
Cold silence has a tendency to atrophy any sense of compassion . 
Down in a hole , feeling so small . Down in a hole , losing my soul . I'd like to fly , but my wings have been so denied . 
Why you act frightened ? I am enlightened . Your weakness builds me . So , someday you'll see I stay away . 
Bring The Alien . 
Feelin like a lost letter at the post office . No return to sender , and no expedient delivery to recipient . 
This body makes me feel eternal . All this pain , is an illusion . 
apparently its fuckin difficult for fed ex to deliver paychecks on time . GAWL ! 
Spark becomes a flame . Flame becomes a fire . Light the way or warm this , hope we occupy . 
By will alone . 
Here's < PROPMALE > with the weather . 
First they ignore you . Then they ridicule you . Then they fight you . Then you win . 
When I despair , I remember that all throughout history the way of truth and love has always prevailed . There have been tyrants and murderers , and for a time , they seem invincible , but in the end , they always fall . Think of it . Always . -- Mahatma Gandhi 
And he never heard from her again . 
On Christmas day I travel `round the world and say , \ 
Taoists , < PROPFEMALE>'s , Buddhists , and all you atheists too , \ 
< PROPFEMALE > Fucking Christmas , To You ! < applause > Thank you Mr. Hat . 
I feel like a stagnant oasis . Unknown , and lost in the desert . Unfortunate passersby acquire my sustenance , and move on to bigger and better things . Never remembering the stagnant oasis . 
Repugnant is a creature who would squander the ability to lift an eye to heaven , conscious of his fleeting time here . 
It's alright , there comes a time . Got no < PROPFEMALE > to search for peace of mind . Layin ' low , wanna take it slow . No more hiding , or disguising truths I've sold . Everyday it's something , hits me all so cold . Find me sitting by myself , no excuses , then I know . 
Snow Mines : Patches of melting snow , left behind by footsteps . usage , \My socks feel like I've hit every god damn snow mine in the house ! \"" 
You are a general of a nation at war . You intercept and decode an encrypted message of the enemy ; an attack on a < PROPMALE > city is imminent . What do you do ? \ 
a ) Evacuate city . \ 
b ) Attack enemy preemptively . \ 
c ) Do nothing . \ 
Tell me what you think . 
You're walking down a desolate street in an impoverished area of the City . An obvious homeless vagrant approaches you . They tell you a few details of their misery , and beg for anything . What do you do ? \ 
a ) Give them something , anything . Encourage them . \ 
b ) Give them nothing . Insult them . \ 
c ) Do nothing . Leave them . \ 
Really think about this one . 
You lead a powerful yet stagnant nation . With no advancement , your people begin to doubt you . While other nations grow envious . You've intercepted one of these nation's encoded communique . Their Capital will be at it's weakest in 7 days , and they attack yours in 5 . What to do . \ 
a ) Attack them preemptively . \ 
b ) Prepare your defenses , but do not prepare for war . \ 
c ) Let the attack , and war happen . 
I just want to run , fly kites , wrestle , jump and play . Swim through waves that crash to shore , memories in me cocooned in misery . The darkness overcomes , soul soars to the other plane existence , past the door I sail through purgatory's bay . 
\There must be some kind of way out of here\ " Said the Joker to the Thief . " 
Lay your hands upon me , in search for answers inviting . Constant struggle inside me , guide me through this nothing that's everything . 
\I'm a little confused . Are you telling me this photo of < PROPMALE > Jenner is your rèsumè ? \ " -- It's Always < PROPFEMALE > in Philadelphia " 
\Never do today that which will become someone else's responsibility tomorrow . \ " - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > " 
I am just a worthless liar , I am just an imbecile . I will only complicate you , trust in me you'll fall as well . 
Roads . Ro-ads . Roods . 
Clutch it like a cornerstone , otherwise it all comes down . Terrified of being alone , ultimatum , prison cell . 
Come on down the Retaphin store this Saturday and enjoy live music , featuring DJ Paraplegic . 
psh all this packers , steelerz crap . Also here and there , past competitors ... They all suck donkey < PROPFIRST > in my opinion . Personally , I wanna give Jesus the ball . Superbowl XLVIJC Bitches ! 
What is wrong with me ? Honest and helpful answers welcome . Unhelpful and unnecessary comments will result in repercussions . 
My compassion is broken now . My will is eroded , \ 
and my < PROPFEMALE > stolen and it makes me feel ugly . 
When the < PROPFEMALE > is in the Seventh House , And Jupiter Aligns with Mars , Then peace will guide the planets , and love will steer the stars . This is the dawning of the Age of Aquarius . 
I came as ice , I came as a whore , I came as advice that came too short , I came as gold , I came as crap , I came clean and I came as a rat . It takes a long time , but God dies too , but not before He'll stick it to you . 
Got dirt , got air , got water , and I know you can < PROPFEMALE > on . 
The Universe is shaped exactly like the Earth . 
People are strange when you're a stranger , Faces look ugly when you're alone , Women seem wicked when you're unwanted , Streets are uneven when you're down . 
Was there a need for creation ? \ 
That was hidden in a math equation , \ 
and that's this : Where do circles begin ? 
Are you going to Scarborough Fair ? Parsley , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > and Thyme . Remember me to one who lives there . She once was a true love of mine . 
As life gets longer awful feels softer , well it feels pretty soft to me , and if it takes shit to make bliss , well I feel pretty blissfully . 
Hello darkness my old friend I've come to talk with you again , because a vision softly creeping left it's seeds while I was sleeping and the vision that was planted in my brain still remains , within the sound of silence . 
I have my books\ 
And my poetry to protect me ;\ 
I am shielded in my armor , \ 
Hiding in my room , safe within my womb . \ 
I touch no one and no one touches me . \ 
I am a rock , \ 
I am an island . \ 
And a rock feels no pain ;\ 
And an island never cries . 
So remember , when you're feeling very small and insecure , \ 
How amazingly unlikely is your birth , \ 
And pray that there's intelligent life somewhere up in space , \ 
' Cause there's bugger all down here on Earth . 
Name three consecutive days without using Monday , Tuesday , Wednesday , Thursday , Friday , Saturday , or Sunday . 
It's been agreed the whole world stinks , so no one's taking showers anymore . 
You are traveling through space , you are looking for somewhere to settle : it cannot be here . Nobody likes you and you are beginning to understand why . 
We are living in the time beyond ideas , a time in which the only idea you understand , is the idea that you know nothing whatsoever . Isn't that comforting ? 
I wanna remember to remember to forget you forgot me . 
