Hypnotized is on my mind .... cant get it outta my head :-) 

I just finished makin spaghetti and meatballs from scratch .... I bet my italian dinner taste better than urs .... ;-P 
Damn I really dont wanna go to the grocery store but last time it stormed like the world was gonna end , I was stuck in the house with no food and no transportion . DAMN I wish I could borrow the maid off of Family Guy ..... But she'd proly just tell me No ... no ... u do it ... LOL 
The grocery store was OFF DA HOOK ... This storm got errrrrrrrbody shook !! 
Time 2 blame it on da goose !!! HAPPY FRIDAY ERBODY !! 
All these people @ K st Lounge and aint nobody dancin !!! This is the reason I don't waist my $$ on Clubs :-( 
So glad Ms. < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > FINALLY got her palm read .... 
Well LADIES , I must say , I truly enjoyed u guys comin to visit . We MUST do this again sometime , this time , I say we go to Miami or somewhere exotic . Now that y'all Bitches is gone , Im bout to take a SERIOUS nap ... Y'all wore me out !!! Love u lots tho :-) 
Can't believe I missed < PROPFEMALE>'s Reunion yesterday .... and < PROPFEMALE>'s shindig .... becoming such an old lady ... :-( 
Tonight was a flop .... Got all dressed and ..... NOTHIN ! :-( I hate technology .... whats the use of a Smart phone if it isn't smart enuff to turn on when u press the \ON\ " button !!!!! SHEEEEEEESHH ! " 
So I fried rice 2day .... 
FINALLY GOT MY PHONE BACK ON ..... Ever notice that ur world literally stops when ur phone breaks ? Thank God for FB ... :-) 
So very sleepy and not a wink in sight .... INSOMNIA is a B*tch !!! 
When I close my eyes , ur face appears and my heart cries ... Trying my best 2 4get the lies of yester-year ... looking forward to the future praying the end isnt near ... Given my all to b strong 4 this long that being away from ur love just feels so wrong ... Need ur warmth to return then I'll be fine .. Wish I cld stop the hands of time until the day ur mine ... 
Paddleboatin wit my baby in the Tidal Basin ..... Love on the water is such a beautiful thang :-) <3 me some him ... 
Such a busy busy week ahead , so much 2 do , so little time 2 prepare ...... This week is going 2 be 1 hellova ride 
So glad I'm early out 2day .... Now I can get a jump start on cleansing my spirit off clutter ... 
Finished sorting all the paper/junk ..... Now off 2 tacklle some heads ... I really hate doin hair sometimes :-( 
Soooo sleepy :-( Didn't finish sorting Clothes til 230am ... IM BEAT !! Good Mornting/Good nite FB .... Nap time is early 2day 
All moved in .... still not settled :-( So much more to do ... Looks like my weekend is on a < PROPMALE > hold :-( 
Ahhhhhh What a refreshing relaxing weekend wit the Boo ... so glad were FINALLY settled in our new home .... Have I told yall lately how much I love this man ?! :-) 
Who knew the idea of yard work cld bring tears 2 a lil ones eyes .... poor poor baby ! Thnx Cakez .... Thnx < PROPFEMALE > , yall sure do kno how 2 make em cry . 
Nite Nite BookFace ...... 
In 2 dayz I will be \THE\ " happiest woman alive ........ :-) " 
8/12 marks the day my new life with my Soul mate began . It marks the day I married my best friend . I am truly blessed to receive such a gift from God . :-) 
After being awake 24hrs straight I believe it is now time for me to rest my eyes and rejuvinate my body . Gnite/Good mornting FB ..... Til next time ;-) 
Operation Upgrade is now in effect ... Swagg-o-meter is steadily rising ... Real Housewives of PG , here we come !!! lls ;-) 
I Thank Him everyday 4 this blessing He has bestowed upon me .... Love is amazing :-) 
Finished my certificaion 2day 2 become a Licensed Child Care Provider .... Ifeel so ... Accomplished ..... Feels good :-) 
I like it either on the top shelf in my closet or in front of my mirror on the table next to my bed . 
Hmmmm ... 2 whole days later and still no signs ?!?!?!? 
A lost , no matter how big or small is still yet a lost ... the pain eventually goes away but life is 4ever changed .... 
Never again !!!!! Some ppl jst dnt hv any respect 4 other ppl's time !! 
oh how I LOVE ROAD TRIPS !!!!! :-) just me n my < PROPFEMALE > and the open road :-) 
Our past dictates our future . Walking around with a heavy heart can only lead to self destruction . If you hv something to say , say it . You never kno how long the person you hv to say it to will be around so don't waste time being angry . If ur words fall on deaf ears , that's ok . Someday they will realize they need you waaaaaaaaaayyy more than you need them ! And that's as raw and real as it gets shawty ! 
Phone is acting up right now . :-( STUPID touch screens ! Leave me a message or call my house phone . I will be back up and running hopefully by tomorrow . Gnite FB ;-) 
Can someone please explain what this # thing is all about ?? Im seriously confused .. What and who is everyone talkin about ?! 
Ok .. I get it now . Are we really that bored out here that we have to play a #'s game ? If you got something to say to someone , then just say it ... No need for it to be a secret . and if it is so much a secret that you have to refer to people by a # , then you shouldnt be postin it on FB ! 
Thank you to all that thought of me on my day of birth enough to take the time out to text , call , or FB me a Happy Birthday wish . I couldnt ask for a more beautiful birthday . \ 
THANK YOU ALL ...... <3 XOXOXOXO <3 
Napping ... 
I feel sick after seeing that .... YUCK !!!! 
I hope everyone had a warm and loving Christmas with Family and Friends . It's always nice to kno when ur loved . <3 
I just don't get it ! No matter what's said or done , ppl see what they want in me instead of who I truly am . I'm done . Think what want , feel how you want to feel , live your life with your misconceptions about me .... its your loss ! If you can't see all that I have to offer then oh well . I'm not here to pls you . It's about me and mine from here on out ... you can bank on that !! 
<3 NEW BEGINNINGS : This has def been one hellofa year . I love my family , I love my friends , I love everything about my life in 2010 . Lets all be thankful for what we've been given , bc 2011 is for New Beginnings :-) HAPPY 2011 !!! May God continue to bless us all in the new year . <3 
I just love my chicken parmesean from < PROPFEMALE > Tuesday's ... Muy Deliciouso !!! 
Some people need to learn how to calm down and relax sometimes . Things dont have to be done as soon as you think of them . And you say Im the one who's over anxious when I ask for something ... sounds like you need to take a longer harder look in the mirror !! 
ARGHHHH ... I sOOOO dont wanna go out there in this mess ... :-( 
I am literally sick to my core of the stupidity aka lack of intelligence that is destroying this world we live in .... I guess I jst hv 2 understabd that not everyone is as intelligent as I perceive them to be . STILL ... its crazy frustrating !!! 
WHAT THE FUDGE !!! The power just went out .... I'm all alone .... I'm hungry ... And of course the battery is runnin low on my cell ... Pls get home safely baby ... we need you here 
OMG .... WHY DOES EVERYTHING I WANT TO EAT REQUIRE COOKING .... IM STARVIN OVER HERE !!! 
Finally back home in my nice warm bed ... belly full ... and baby happy :-) Oh how I love my electricity !!! 
HOT DAMN ... HOT WATER ... YIPPPPEEEEEE !!!! 
SLEEPY .... I hv a serious case of the Itis ... can we go pls ? Baby needs a nap !! 
Enjoyed a relaxing day free of stress wit my girl Cat ... I love that she's jst as lazy as me ... \couch potato\ " time is the business !!! " 
February is the start of new beginnings for me and I am thankful that God has prepared me for all that is coming my way this month . ~ Truly Blessed <3 
I really don't know how I got here , I just hope I can get back to what's right . This place is so unfamiliar , dark , and lonely . 
YAAAAAAWWWWWWNNNNNNN !!! I need like 4 more uninterupted hrs ... then I'll b good . 
TWITTER ..... LMFAO !!! Inside joke 
Hungry .... what to eat ? 
1st day jitters ... gotta get a move on 
Finally home .... I CAN BREATHE AGAIN ... LOL 
Steel < PROPFEMALE>'s was good .... cant believe it took me 22yrs 2 watch it ... lol 
HAPPY < PROPFIRST>'s DAY ALL !!! :-) 
It's a shame what ppl let themselves go thru b4 they find their worth ... Never let others determine ur worth ... Never be afraid to take a stand ... after all , if you don't stand for something , you'll fall 4 anything ... KNOW UR WORTH LADIES !!! 
Shocked and amazed .... enough said ! 
Lil man is finally knocked out .... Lets see what 2moro brings .. lol ... Caleb , you wear me out boy .. lol 
Priviledged ppl make me sick !!! Until you kno what it means to be independent and literally depend on no one but yourself , don't judge me !! You haven't earned the right to speak until you've walked in my shoes .... 
IT's A POLE PARTY !!! Hmmmm ... shld I get my phat ass up on this pole for a twirl ... 
How come everytime I eat , the baby wants me to take a nap ? I literally can't keep my eyes open ... 4 more hours to go :-( 
