Happy early new years ... this calls for chicken enchaladas and cozying up to my bubby 

2 1/2 weeks till < PROPMALE > turns 27 
I have < PROPMALE > civilization ..... growllll 
i hate !!!!!! < PROPMALE > civilization 
1241443876 
I officially have my placement as a student teacher . I am now the proud student teacher of Mr. Kuensting's 5th grade classroom . WOW , i'm so close 
I PASSED MY PRAXIS !!!!!! hopefully i'll also hear good news on my early childhood praxis 
Last and only final at 3:30 . WOW then i'm offically done for a month !!!! 
I passed my early childhood praxis , and substituted in kindergarten for the first time today .. THis has been a great week , did i mention that i'm done for winter break woo 
I am so excited that in a short month i'll be officially student teaching and starting to interview for jobs to TEACH . WOW !!! This is unreal . I can't wait till christmas , who wants vanilla bean cheesecake , I DO !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas < PROPFEMALE > 
WOW < PROPMALE > made me the best , cutest book shelf in the world , I heart him . Yeah , I can't wait to go to Moms and eat and open gifts 
I can't wait till saturday ... the vacation begins 
I don't want to go transcribe but I must .... 
4 days in counting ..... 
School starts back up on Tuesday .... i'm so nervous but very excited ... it's finally here !!!!! 
Today is my first interview . well it's actually a pre-interview screening . It's gonna be great ... CPS here i come !!! 
My first unit of study is going so well . I really hope each student gets as much out of this as i do . I know they will . yipee !!!! 
Snow days make me grumpy ... Especially when i'm the one who's teaching ... 
We have school today ... I'm so ready to be back .... but boo it's going to be another short week :( 
I was surprised on friday with a beautiful bouquet of roses .... me so happy 
Whoo ... a teacher work day means only a half day ... that means there's still half for reading the second < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > book . My weekend is set !!!! 
This is such a busy week .... preparing for parent teacher conferences and trying to get all my 5th graders stories ready to share with their parents starting tomorrow ... i'm tired 
Today I will become the proud mommy of a lovely 6 month old chocolate lab named < PROPFEMALE > .... 4:30 here i come !!!! 
Going to < PROPFEMALE > for the weekend ... I wish under better circumstances though 
It's been such a long week .... 
Getting ready for MOJOE in the morning ... please somebody ... gimme an interview ... 
Working on the synthesis project , can't wait for my birthday dinner tomorrow then off to < PROPFEMALE > for Birthday cake and Easter ..... 
This project is taking so much time ... i'm almost there .... phew !!!! 
I just finished writing my synthesis project ... It seriously is like 40 pages long ... wow ! So glad to be done with that ... well at least until i get feeback on it and they want me fix things ... but until then ... life is good !!!! 
Thank you for all the birthday wishes 
I have an interview for first grade in Fulton MO next wednesday ... woo hoo 
Tomorrow is my interview ... fulton here I come 
I passed my synthesis project and my highway < PROPFEMALE > just got into its fosterhome .... sounds like a good day for sparkys with my 5th graders 
Tomorrow is mother's day ... I heart u momma 
I'M ENGAGED !!!!!!!!!! 
Today I graduate ... WOWZA 
I'm officially done with college and can't wait to very quickly plan my wedding 
As of today i am officially booked for my honeymoon to Alaska ... wowza ... this is gonna be a great summer 
Going up to < PROPFEMALE > this weekend ... my first official visit as a soon to be daughter in law ... EXCITING !!!!! 
is it july 6th yet 
gosh after a long weekend to help grandma at her 60th ... i'm feeling a little bit nervous about all the planning I still have to do for the wedding ... 29 days in counting 
im really hoping that we end up not needing a back up plan for the wedding ... GO AWAY RAIN !!!! 
23 days until i'm married !!!!! 
22 days in counting ..... 
21 days .... wowza 
in 20 days i'll officially be Mrs. < PROPMALE > Rose ... how exciting 
WHATEVER YOU DO ..... DO NOT TRUST KEEP IT SIMPLE PHOTOGRAPHY ... ELIZABETH < PROPFIRST > A CRAZY HILLBILLY .... PLUS .... FROM THE LOOKS OF HER LATEST WEDDING ... NOT THAT TALENTED ... JUST BECAUSE YOU CAN SHOOT A CAMERA DOES NOT MAKE YOU AN ARTIST !!!!!! 
phew ... looks like we overted a big ordeal ... thankfully we've found another gal who wont treat us like an inconvenience the whole time ... it's gonna work out ... i can feel it 
I just picked out the most beautiful veil .... i really feel like a bride 
just booked our new photographer ... 18 more days 
Fifteen more days ... wow ... 
Down to two weeks until the big day . Just had our final meeting with our minister and tomorrow is paying final amounts for flowers , our space , and last minute decorating ... phew ... 
Getting ready to go get my marraige license 
12 days in counting ... wow ... that's like a week and five days ... woo hoo 
11 more days ... and sunday is my bridal shower ... sounds like fun 
10 days .... man i really wanna go on a float trip ... 
9 more days .... and today is my shower ... woo hoo 
8 more days ... and today I'll find the centerpieces .... Hmmm ... anyone know where to find an inexpensive square shaped vase ??? 
one more week ... and it better not rain 
6 more days .... rachel's gonna come swim and help me clean on thursday ... 
OMG ... there are finally dates set for the final two < PROPMALE > Potter movies .... this november and then the following july ... awww it looks like i'll be celebrating my one year anniversairy with < PROPMALE > Potter too 
4 days until the big day ... and tonight i'll be celebrating poolside ... woo 
I'm getting married tomorrow ... and i have a million things to do before then ... phew 
I'm getting married today .... i could hardly sleep last night i was so excited 
it feels so good to have the wedding behind me .... stress is out the window right now .... and now to relax , enjoy 30 pieces of leftover wedding cake , open gifts , and take a trash the dress session with kristen .... best week ever 
Thank you to everyone for the warm wedding wishes . I'm so happy to finally be < PROPMALE>'s wifey . 
Tonight is my trash the dress session with Kristen ... so excited 
I'm so thankful for < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > of Photo Essence . The photographs look amazing and she really captured my special day . Thank you so much . And another thanks goes out to her assistant < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > . You both did an amazing job !!! 
Who knew that buying silverware could be such a hassle . And why is it they sell them in one packs .... stupid !!! 
I think I might buy some purfume today .... maybe blue by Raulph < PROPFIRST > 
just got my new license , finished thank you cards , and am trying to fix dinner for hubby 
phew what a long weekend .... i'm exhausted .... and tomorrow I clean 
My new silverware arrived .... and their perfect !!!! 
I'm ready to head to boonville to visit with my folks .... and look at alaskan cruise excursions ... woowoo 
heading up to < PROPFEMALE > this evening .... jake's birthday on saturday .... hoping it will be a nice weekend despite our sunday plans 
Interview today ... kinda nervous but pretty sure it could be a sure thing ... 
OMG ... I am officially a preschool teacher at the Green Meadows preschool in Columbia .... as of September 1st I will have 7 eager preschoolers ready to learn ... i'm so excited 
Hey I've just gotten my classroom and I would really like to have a website for my class but the school doesn't really use theirs ... any ideas on how to make a website ... I don't even know where to start ... PLEASE HELP !!!! 
Oh golly .... i'm so happy to be seeing the wedding photos .... kristen coleman ... amazing photographer ...... be on the look out for postings 
I leave in two days for Alaska !!!!! I start my new job on Sept . 1st !!!! and i'll post wedding pics when i get back from the Honeymoon !!!! I is just so happy right now 
continuing my life of laminating , cutting , and putting together school stuffs , packing for Alaska , and hoping to see a certain bag at macys 
Leaving at 7am to officially start my honeymoon ... wowowwow 
I officially start teaching tomorrow morning ..... I'm more than a little nervous .... 10 four year olds .... but atleast the laminating is done for now .... 
I have never in my life been so tired .... it was like a ten hour day ... with an hour break ..... those kids left me pretty fried .... but it was a pretty good day ..... oddest moment ... mia starts crying at lunch demanding she use the fancy spoon .... I'm pretty sure every spoon was plain .... but she was sure there was one fancier than the rest ... four year olds 
Phew it's been a long two weeks . I'm so glad it's Thursday . The kids are learning about weather and have been making some pretty exciting < PROPMALE > projects with it . Today we're going to st < PROPMALE > our weather books . Woo Hoo . Plus it might be Huhot night !! 
continuing to go through wedding photos and slowly get them labeled and put into albums , cutting out pumpkins for my kids , and wandering where to find a whole bunch of used crayons for melted crayon leaves ... hmmmm 
a busy week ahead ... my class is studying colors and trying to look at nature ( colors around them ) , we're crossing our fingers that today we're melting crayons to make leaves , trying to control a certain someone's fits long enough to see if they're learning , all the while i'm wondering how to tell work i have a funeral to go to on thursday .... it's a pretty great week though 
So yesterday I saw and played with the cuttest little doxie ever . It really made me want one bad .... now the hard part : Convincing < PROPMALE > he wants one just as bad .... We'll see :( 
Over the last three weeks ... i've had one child decide to have accidents everyday . The worst part is he doesn't like telling anyone he's had them . I don't think it looks good when the parent is telling you he's coming home with poop in his shoes everyday for last two weeks ... can you please ask him to use the bathroom . ARG ! He's had to use the potty at least once an hour and he still found the time to do it yesterday 
Pretty excited to start this week .... Sunday was a little too eventful but still a pretty good day but this week sounds like it should be better ... I'm hopefully getting over my bronchitis , our fall party at the preschool is friday , started the new < PROPMALE > Riordan book and can't wait to finish it up . 
Yea ! Today is Thursday , Huhot night with the husband ... Can't wait for the weekend to see the folks and have me a nice fish sandwich . 
I just napped with my class .... I think they heard me snore ... Oh well totally worth it ! 
So glad it's Thursday ... HUHOT !!.... can't wait to make tissue paper turkeys with my class .. 
Check out this video on YouTube :\ 
\ 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qVSsYvC6O8s&feature=youtube_gdata_player\ 
Sent from my iPhone 
Is that a boy or girl ? 
I'm so ready for thanksgiving ... 4 days of pure relaxation ... And maybe pecan pie 
At kobe's with the husband ... Yum 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas < PROPFEMALE > ... Can't wait to go to moms house !!! 
I just got a puppy ... < PROPFEMALE > 
Thank you < PROPMALE > for getting me safely to school ... I got to teach my class today ... And in 3 hours it's the WEEKEND !!!! 
Ready to go home for the weekend 
Beer 
No school again tomorrow ... What a relief ... Yay ! I get another snow day with the hubby and netflix . 
Ugh ... There were 16 preschools/ daycares out today but mine thinks this is ideal weather for school ..... 
Glee just rocked my socks off ... 
Heading to huhot with the boys 
Let the < PROPFIRST>'s day festivities begin ... Chocolate covered strawberries check ... Tattoo < PROPFIRST > s for my class check ... Valentines ensemble check ... Now just waiting for the awesomeness that is Valentines Day !!!! 
Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day !!! 
The dentist group will be talking to my class today . Woo Hoo , Free tooth brushes for everyone ! 
I am so exhausted ... Thank goodness it's Friday Amani have a 3 day weekend !!!! 
Good job husband !!!! 
Alright sinus infection prepare to meet amoxicillin ... muhwahahah 
