Happy New year everybody 

is still adjusting to having a new haircut . Guess how much I cut off ?????? 
going to be moving to UIS on aug . 18 . wahooooo 
cant wait to finish packing and move 
got all my clothes pack 
unloading all my stuff in only 12 hours !!!! 
lack of sleep on moving day . not a very bright idea 
cant wait til tomorrow 
having my own comp . would make life and college way easier . 
2nd day of class ! 
muahahaha 
can't wait to go home tomorrow 
signed up for some clubs so i wouldnt be so bored 
is wondering why when you pay for 4-7 day shipping it takes 2 weeks ? 
having 3 different types of bugbites sucks !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
my eyes hurt from looking at the comp . screen 2 much 
ready for my 4 day weekend , having no class fridays rocks 
23 days until i'm 21 . wahoooo 
somehow mosquitoes got into my apartment last night . three guess's what happened . 
well , ive picked out my labtop now i have to pay for it . 
chewed off her fingernails , not sure why , i've only got 2 papers , 2 homework assignments , and 3 tests this week !?! 
picking up my labtop @ 4 o clock !!!! 
wahooo . im on my new labtop . now i just have to rearrange my room around my labtop 
\FEAR THE GUMMYBEARS \"" 
is eating her homemade with love pancakes . 
apparently there was a hate crime here on springfield campus . 
URFG , thought i was done with my paper now i have to add like half a < PROPFEMALE > . 
WHY do they insist on testing the tornadoes sirens without warning people first ? 
going to see my bully tomorrow , afte i wake up at 7:00 in the morning . 
urghh hate writing papers 
has lost all her notes for her test today . 
I want a pet ewok ! 
lallalalla is officially addicted to x-factor if only they would air it in < PROPFEMALE > , p.s. cant wait for the < PROPMALE > dunham show 
is heading home to the mt . v after class today , for the weekend !!! 
woo , back at my apartment . Miss my puppies already ! 
get to go take a test today yeah , at least it means i get out of class early . 
has no plans for anything for the next two weeks 
well , i kinda feel like i got hit with a brick wall 
going to go to sleep 
sleep time and then shopping tomorrow 
\open up your heart and satisfy me \"" 
watching chronicles of narnia : prince caspian 
yea ! my roommates like to invite friends over , get drunk , and puke . the girl even said that she missed !!! yea how exciting 
URGH , woke up at 11 because her clock was off by an hour 
is bored and tired of facebook 
going to try and go to sleep 
once again trying to go to sleep 
heading home tonight 
still sick 
has some annoying back pain 
DUDE , how do you get a concealable camera in mafia wars ??? 
alright , i can not accept any requests everytime i accept it says that it is ignored 
i love my doggie , this is apicture of him : the mighty Grizzly Bear 
listening to the backstreet boys , come on who doesn't love my fav . boy band ! 
is going to see new < PROPFEMALE > saturday , who wants to see 2012 with me sometime nest week ? 
oh thanks for giving something away ! going to see it now ! 
the new < PROPFEMALE > book is definetly better than the movie 
WAHOO , almost finished my paper , gonna finish it when I wake up in the afternoon . goodnight world ! 
finished one paper , three left , with two due tomorrow morning , woot caffeine ! 
hates technology . I had to completely rewrite a paper because my computer made it disappear . 
is totally mad that the weather forecast for springfield was rain/snow and not an ounce of precipitation fell from the sky 
who need sleep ? not me ! 
nappy time . zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz 
finds that there is nothing wrong with waking up at 11:30 
time to go shopping 
watching \dead LIke me\ " finally on hulu " 
ready for the big snowstorm coming 
yeah , power only flickered on and off for about 30 seconds 
is officially the < PROPFEMALE > of Wii Bowlling !!! accordin to uis atleast 
This is news that a Friend of mine posted plz read and be carefull ....... FACEBOOK VIRUS WARNING !! This was just on the news ! Do NOT play X-Mas videos posted on your wall !! They contain a worm virus ! I am personally going to reject all videos and would highly suggest you do the same ! PLEASE PASS THIS ALONG TO ALL YOUR FRIENDS 
well , get to spend the next two hours doing laundry ! yeah ! 
well , shopping tomorrow since its my last full day here in springfield ! then checkout day on wednesday to spend the rest of the semester at home with online classes . 
well study time and then sleep 
well , goodbye internet , I sure will miss you , goodbye farmvill , vw , mw , 
well , woot , ill be back on the internet saturday ! 
urgh hate renting/buying textbooks 
lalala , this semester is going to be really weird 
superbowl this year will be boring , i dont believe anybody is coming over which means , less food ! 
well , has got a lot of homework and reading to due by tomorrow . I've got to decide which class to drop , i'm so indecisive !?!? 
happy birthday , Evey 
INTERNet sunday !!!!! 
hates homework 
is Yoville currently not working for anybody else ? 
wish i had working internet 
If you like p.j. and the lightning thief for the storyline DO NOT WATCH THE MOVIE , if you're looking for special effects then yep watch it . 
okay , i do not know why but , my fingertip and finger is swolllen and feels like it is on fire . got woken up from the pain . 
R.I.P. unknown woman announced dead at 8:15 p.m. today at N.H.R.A. accident due to flying debris . 
been catching up on my Enterprise . finished season 1 in only three days . 
going home today 
found out only ONE internet company that will go out this far . 
don't know why , but I can not accept or give gifts in mafia wars , 
okay , i've got a problem . I bought an ipod and my computer tells me it's formatted for a < PROPMALE > . How do I change the format of the ipod if possible ? obviously i have a pc . 
okay , i've got a problem . I bought an ipod and my computer tells me it's formatted for a < PROPMALE > . How do I change the format of the ipod if possible ? obviously i have a pc . 
went and watched < PROPFEMALE > in wonderland 
my new pic , the diva getting a bath !!!! 
all of the game apps that I bookmarked are gone !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! and I cant remark any zynga games 
uggh , philosophy test tomorrow !! need I say more ? 
off springbreak and having to prepare for three different tests 
i really need something to do . i really need something to do . i really need something to do . i really need something to do . 
well , i definetly will not get the < PROPMALE > to watch H.B.K. wrestle ! disappointing 
will be experiencing the allglorious wonderful experience of clash of the titans TOMORROW ! 
will not be able to overcome the departure of < PROPFIRST > Tennant 
I would be ashamed to elected him to senate if I was a new yorker . He even said that it does not matter how he does his job only that the message gets out . This is not what a United States Senator should be . Senator < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , I am sure you can find video of him on Youtube . 
All I can do is hope he never gets reelected because I know I would never elect him , someone who is so openly racist , I do not care if he plans on representing minorities including women or poor people because he does not believe that white people can be part of a minority or poor . 
okay , ATTENTION , people , this should offend everyone , a New York State Senator believes that only white people can be racist , and that if you are a white person who holds a position of power you are racist , amd he believes that he was elected to represent the people in the district who are non-white , so if you are white he will not even acknowledge that there are any white people in his district . 
< PROPMALE > must of got me because I know I died in my sleep if I am still up at this time 
has a date with < PROPFIRST > Downey Jr. 
looking for someone on petville to visit in next 4 hours to complete challenge . 
if any one would like to know what scares the crap out of me ? J.J. Abrams and < PROPFIRST > Spielberg making a movie together . 
has a really clean glossy computer !, why must they bring back the Angels on Doctor who ? I swear they are scarier than < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPFIRST > COMBINED ! 
good night world , and oh by the way , I cracked my screen on my zune , :( sniff sniff . 
is in dental pain . might possibly be getting in my wisdom teeth . either way my jaw hurts and i am going to go on a liquid diet until the pain is gone , thank you yogurt and oatmeal . 
me : You know , < PROPFEMALE > Lewis . \ 
mom : Who's < PROPFEMALE > Lewis ? \ 
me : You know , Bleeding love ? \ 
mom : Who's Bleeding love ? \ 
any one else out there get this ? 
okay , i completely uploaded all of my music collection on to my computer , only took me like a week to do it ! yea 
okay , had a stray < PROPMALE > sheperd for a week then went to town and put up flyers and two hours after getting home , get a call from the owner who apparently turned out to live only half a mile down the road . we are sooo happy !!!! poor dog found his owner . 
shrek or marmaduke ? that is the question 
shrek was funny , and I am still finding primer in my hair 
Moosey & < PROPFEMALE > , where are you I miss you little runts of fluff and love ! :( 
finished painting < PROPFEMALE>'s room now to put in all her doggies beds and toys ! doggie heaven ! 
hmmm . what to do , reading and playing games and I'm still really bored , what activites are there to do for someone who's lazy ? 
okay , two tv's bigger than 45\ in . with wii's . " 
urghh , really have 4 days left until eclipse and my mom wants to go to the midnight showing ! 
36 hours until twilight saga 
man at the park asked how my doggie is around kids , and my doggie precedes to roll over and get his belly rubbed , yep bully dog tough . 
I Love < PROPMALE > Whitlock 
urgh , I want to go see some fireworks but , my parents aren't going , and I don't feel like driving all the way to Mt . V by myself . 
call me vain , but , i love my hair even post-haircut ! this is a pre-haircut pic of course 
goodnight , world , and hello tomorrow morning Avatar , the last airbender ! 
okay , do not know why but , I am unable to join or start the AGE OF CHAMPIONS , game , i click a clan and nothing happens , so i can't send any gifts 
really like Sorcerer's Apprentice , lots of magic , now bring on the guitar hero ! 
i desperatley need some counterfeit tickets in mafia wars , please . 
urgh stung by something yesterday and my thumb is still swollen . 
lalalalalla countdown 70 1/2 hours : Doctor Who season finale 
I only need one more click for Dracula and then i'm finished ! 
well , I've only got 3-4 weeks left until I'm back in springfield , with no doggies . 
I'm not so sure about this but I beat someone with over 100 more mafia members than me ! You : 7,111 57\ 
Them : 7,228 163 
received my housing assignment yesterday , can't wait to meet my new roommates . 
is vampire wars not working for nothing else ? all i got is a black bottom screen 
done packed up all my clothes , next load of vehicles . 
vehicle is packed 
three hour drive here I come 
okay I only have a little over 2000 health left on my dea agent on mafia wars , i'm outof health , there's only 20 minutes left , silver < PROPFEMALE > level 
going to my first class tonight 
apparently , i don't have class on tuesday ? 
dude , only hours of left of the event for vamp wars and it decides to quit working on me ! 
alright , we now know that the fire alarms work . 
going to see Nanny Mcfee returns tomorrow morning , want to see vampires suck but they have no morning showings for it . 
at springfield and my mind is already telling me it's Friday no class until wednesday 
I am the who in the call who's there , I am the winding brushing through your hair 
uh , facebook I am done with you tonight , you can not conquer my boredom . I am sick , like it sucks , i am so congested that if i hiccup that my ears hurt . 
home . with my bullies . snoring . what a life . 
ugrgh , senior seminar worst class ever 
one word : CAKE 
will be back in springfield tomorrow 
okay , HELL IN A CELL , sucked horrible , it took almost 3 hours for only 4 matches , there was more commericals then actual wrestling . 
okay , now we know that the tornadoe sirens on campus work ( thanks for the warning ) 
okay , it's been hours and the apartment still smells like smoke really bad , eck 
sigh , I have finished all of Dune except for one book , over 10 in series , only one left how dissappointing , dear MR . < PROPMALE > WRITE MORE DUNE BOOKS ! 
in case anyone plans on calling ebay , it is always atleast an hour wait on hold , customer support sucks 
home , have a powerpoint presentation due tuesday night and I do not have a powerpoint program , yeah ! 
okay , I only need someone 2 cook like 3 caramel apples and accept my requests in the next two and a half hours and i am done in cafe world . please help if you can !!!! 
oooooooo , i hear thunder ! 
okay , no one will ever eat what I cook but , I learned a very valuble lesson , under salted is way better than oversalted ! 
okay , i'm pretty sure those thunks against the window are hail , my poor car ! 
here's the phone call call i just received : thank you , your blood was used just 13 days after you donated on sept 13 to save the life of someone in Bellville . Thank you , you can give blood again on November 8 . kinda weird machine voice . but first time i got this message , yea for my blood ! 
okay , i've only watched < PROPFEMALE > Trek , the movie everytime I have came home and I STILL NEED TO WATCH IT MORE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
all right , can anyone tell me where my timed canned mission went to in frontierv .? I still had over a day left and I cant find it ! 
lalallalalalalal 
need one airforce uniform left in mafia wars 
off to class and then home 
< PROPMALE > potter in 2 hours 
need only one dead < PROPFEMALE > in mafiawars to finish 
going to watch vampires suck now , headin back to springfield tomorrow morning . 
woot , the heater is not working !!! yeah , repairmen coming first thing tomorrow , hope my toes and fingers can last that long . 
please click my frontierville links 
Change\ 
your Facebook profile picture to a cartoon character from your \ 
childhood and invite your friends to do the same , for the NSPCC . Until \ 
Monday ( December6 ) , there should be no human faces on Facebook , but an \ 
invasion of memories . This is a campaign to stop violence against \ 
... children ? ? ? 
, vampires , i'm passing out extra purple , black and red hides , let me know if u want some 
won some nature's gates products from lucky mag !!! 
Happy birthday mum ! 
if\ 
u want to put a cartoon up to help awareness for child abuse then do , \ 
and if u think having a cartoon for a pic makes you a pedophile then \ 
don't do . 
urgh , housing still has not gotten back to me if i can move out next week ! i don't know why i would not be able to move out either ! 
this is what a real bulldog is supposed to look like !!!! ain't she a beauty !!! 
okay , i need only 1 fv rsvp invitation . 
watchin Rock-a-doodle on Hulu 
okay , how do you redo the xmas missions in frontierville ? i cant't find it in the marketplace or missins ? and i am not currently doing it ? any help ? 
i have a barn raising in farmville , started on thurs . can't publish a new feed to help , need 6 more ppl to click !! 
okay , I looked at my grade for my paper online and I FAILED , do not know how I fricken failed a paper , RAWR !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 1 
looking forward toward all the snow and some playtime with my pups in it 
I am going to have to kill some one for the new < PROPFEMALE > 25 year < PROPFIRST > all stars wii game , apparently this the the only way I will get it for store price .!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
how in the world do I scare a bear in frontiervillle , i've chopped down 3 full trees and nothing ? 
IT'S SNOWING , I REPEAT IT'S SNOWING ! wahoooo ! 
what missions do i have to complete to get the cabbage mission in frontierville ? 
boy , I would really love to be able to play frontierville ! 
no longer @ home , let the school semester begin . 
please help my barn raising need 3 clicks , from yesterdays post , 
i just seen Spock jump and vroom straight into the window , smash goes the spock , tehehehe . 
everybody who is helping me in cafe world timed mission , I only have the two 30 < PROPFEMALE > . recipes left to cook , if u did accept the invite please actually cook some ! 
i'm half way watching the WWE < PROPMALE > Rumble 
okay I was just attacked by Led Zeppelin 
spent some of my hard earned fv cash in farmville on som < PROPFIRST > . day trees 
just found out i have an anatomy test tomorrow morning\ 
\\ 
know your role & shut your mouth 
in case u guys & gal's are wondering why I am not sending gifts this weekend cuz , I am home ! woot , but this means hardly any internet 
Really liked the movie \i am four \"" 
\Get Your Own Alien ! \"!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!" 
well , let's see , woke up @ 9:20 , had class @ 10 , and it takes an hour to get there . hmmm 
got homework and a test 2 finish tonight . goodnight facebook 
how do I get soybeans on island paradise ? I can not see the link/click button on top of the game for it anymore , is it completely gone now ? 
hmm , you know those warnings on plastic bags to ' do not let kids or pets play with them ' this rule does NOT apply to Spock , he's special and can play with anything he wants , that's why he is sitting in an empy plastic bag in my room and playing with my clothes and my plastic bag . 
after looking at my completly unwithered island today , I LOVE MY ISLAND PARADISE FRIENDS 
homework and a test due tomorrow , wahoo , fun filled morning 
i'm really love this glitch in island para . right now , cuts 90% of cooking time off recipe ! woot for me 
wow , didnt accept hardly any game requests , so I have a full inbox , and definitely was not able to send out gifts . 
it's snowing !!!! 
is frontierville not loading up for anyone else ? 
My mommy done made me some homemade chic'ken pot pie ! yum , cant wait for tomorrow 
hmm , wont be sending out gifts for almost the next 2 weeks ; will be at home with limited internet but , lots of bullydogs ! 
okay , I was totally attacked at applebee's yesterday . had ordered water the waiter set it down beside me and me and my mom starting looking over our menus when we hear this really loud explosion because my glass exploded/shattered , freakin scared the crap out of me , thankfully no water on my electronics in my purse . 
back to internet : love my bullies miss you :+[ 
OMG , just realized I completely forgot how to play E.R.S. ! help me ! 
what's the difference between killing your opponent and icing your opponent in mafia wars ? cuz I can not think of a single difference 
Proud owner of a new , drum roll please :\ 
\ 
Cap and Gown , wootiewootwoot , yeah , wahoooo ! 
silver blueberry 
please do not send anymore barn supplies in island paradise , i'm finished with my barn 
can someone please help me and plant some wheat in frontierville , mission only last 3 more days and then its gone , i'm only on part 3 of 5 
in my search for veggie foods online : pick which one is more distrubing or weird ; vegetarian haggish ! or a vegetarian version of SPAM !? not sure which one is I think I am more scared of the spam 
could some1 please yell me where to submit a support ticket for island paradise ? 
