Put up a 5:19 on the mile and a possible 2:19 on the 800 . If only < PROPFIRST > knew how to time us right . That's edgewood education for you . 

Happy earth day everyone !! Feel free to burn down a local < PROPMALE > near you ! :) 
Lol a local < PROPMALE > near you ??? Wow that was dumb haha . 
What can you do in 5:09 ? I'll tell you what I can do , I can run a mile . New personal record !! 
This is me changing my status . 
Track meet tomorrow at < PROPMALE > . It's going to be a beat down but I'm only racing myself . Gotta get under 5 minutes within two weeks . 
Ran a 5:16 mile and an 11:38 two mile . Pretty crappy times . Getting nervous and I don't want this season to end so soon . 
In Kettering for the weekend . College on the brain as well as graduation party . I never wanted to grow up lol 
No school tomorrow but I'm working for 14 hours :( 
Can't stop cleaning ! 
I'm broke !! In about 2 days lol 
Girlfriend + meet + ironman 2 = no time for math !!!! Geez mrs. J get off our backs lol . 
Just got back from a wonderful day of track practice . Two days till I break 5 :) 
New personal record !! Guess who broke 5 minutes on the mile today ? Not me ! Lol it's sad but I have one meet left . Bring it . new pr is 5:05 . 8 
Talkin to < PROPFEMALE > bout dreams .. Pretty interesting . Meet possibly tomorrow . We'll see . 
Fixed to set a new personal record Friday . Today was a waste . No running today = out of shape ! 
I run my last high school race tomorrow . Give it my all and leave nothing behind ... Except all the other runners haha 
I ended up not running again ! So tonight I will for sure run lol . 
Ugh I never knew a 4:58 1600m would hurt this bad ... New pr for life . 
If you wanna know how to break a 5 < PROPFEMALE > 1600m then I suggest you ask coach < PROPFIRST > lambertson lol 
Must clean . Must be motivated . Lol crap . 
Finished my first day ever of working . Not too bad although I did pass out as soon as I stepped in the door . Thanks to all who came to my graduation party this past Saturday . Mom couldn't of done a better job . Everyone who came is very special to me and have helped me with my journey through high school . 
To all who have my number :\ 
I got a new phone and I don't have any < PROPFIRST > on it . So if you do have my number please text it to me :) thank you thank you 
Finished my third day of hell . I only 5 hours today because of the rain but today was by far the worst . Mowing hills is not fun at all . 
Today I found out that Thurs . are the worst work days at Lunne's . Oh well whatever brings home the bacon right ? lol not with the pay i'm gettin hahaha . 
one more day of work . and then on to monday ! 
Another day another dollar 
Touchdown Jesus is dead . Can it be ? Is Zeus really that pissed ? lol 
Everyone start calling me kev !!!!!!!!! It'll drive < PROPFEMALE > crazy !!!! 
One more day of work ! and then a two day vacation ! ahh the exciting life of an adult . 
Really really bored . Text or chat ? 
off of work for now . 
Finally posted my pics of graduation 
Work is cancelled for the day :) thank you thunda 
OMG it might rain and thunderstorm all week !!!!! Thank you Zeus 
It's thunderstorming ! I don't have to go to work till 10 :) More and more people should do lawn care 
alright ! not goin in till 12 ! 
< PROPFIRST > Lieberman wants president to have complete control over internet just in case of a national crisis ? And he backs up this idea because communist < PROPFEMALE > does it . Oh Lord . 
Takin a shower in a few . eatin pizza tonight with the fam 
you know how I said everyone should work lawncare because you get off when it rains ? well i lied ... nobody ever work for lawncare !!! The make up work is unbearable lol 
just saw karate kid ... it is effin amazing . if you say it sucks then i will stab you in the jaw . come to < PROPMALE > to say hi , i will be the guy stabbing jaws . 
Getting better and better everyday . 
bored . tough day of work and tired . 
< PROPFEMALE > is possibly the most beautiful girl in the world 
Somebody-\are you sure you can trim this entire place ? \ " \ 
Goodnight . 
Rough day at work . :( 
over and over again 
Dr. Pepper is the best drink ever ! Trust me I'm a soon to be doctor . :) 
No < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , or < PROPMALE > today . Today's gonna be tough :) 
Oh kemosabe ... Lol 
Try to kick me while I'm down ? I'll break your leg . 
I am really missing kings island right now . 
last time to go to kings island this friday . if you're goin let me know and maybe we can meet up or somethin . 
last time going to kings island this year on friday . if you're going let me know and we could meet up . 
cannot sleep 
Tomorrow starts the 2010 2011 season of the NFL . I am excited . 
< PROPFEMALE > got the highest grade in her Spanish test !!!!!! Good job < PROPFEMALE > !!!!!!!! :) 
Phone's broke , truck's belt is broke ( possibly rhino's last days ) , and last but not least I'm broke . Not really though because I am starting 13 hours of work/day on Saturday !!!!!! :) 
Today is a sad day . I find myself saying who don't rather than who dey . :( 
Gettin ready for work 4 hours after returning from work . Confused ? Me too lol 
i cant believe how steeler fans can just shrug off a loss . maybe it has something to do with the bengals monumental let down 2010-2011 
gah ! i wrecked my car . i was so close to hitting that old lady . darn lmao . 
2 can play this game Mr. < PROPFIRST > .. 2 can play !!! :) I'm < PROPFIRST > and I'm a loser . 
going out of my mind sitting in cracker barrel by myself and hearing every noise gahhhhh !!!! 
went to washington < PROPFEMALE > to do work . training a new guy and he is terrible . for the money ? worth it 
if there is one game .. just one game i want the bengals to win , it's this one 
am i the only one who thinks you should get a pay raise for hitting somebody hard in the nfl 
Play 1 run play 2 run play 3 run play 4 run ... 3rd and 1 .... Pass ?! Block punt ?????? WTH !!!!!????? 
Just watched magamind !!! So good i wish i could physically force all of you to watch it . !!!!!!!! :) 
sitting at a stop and go waiting for this fo to pick up their pie . lets me think about things .... like how could the friggin bengals do this to me !!!! ah i am still upset about that . so sad 
almost out of here thank the good lord . finally time to sleep !!! or stay awake and play madden hmmm .... choices .. 
Got a raise at papa johns :) 
Finished cleaning \the barrell\ " full detail clean and had a supervisor watching ... Still finished with 2 hrs to spare . You're welcome stockholme . " 
Watched a refreshing Christmas episode of the office last night . ' twas hilarious . And today I earned a raise at cracker barrel . :) 
Tons of snow which is awesome for I am going sledding tonight 
I strongly believe a massive train me about eight tons just hit me 
bengals win + steelers loss = great night . 
i wonder if we were all naughty we would actually be nice to < PROPFEMALE > so he doesnt have to travel as much .. hmmmm i have so many questions . 
Wow I just spent my evening researching why the bengals are sooo bad . There starting roster is averaging 3 years of experience . thats including the 15 year TO and 11 year Dhani Jones ( TO being a bengal for 1 year and DJ a bengal for 4 ) The oldest Bengals are < PROPMALE > , ocho , and Geathers . We can't keep anybody !!! 
ugh .. back to work 
The bengals played spoiler for the chargers and < PROPMALE > threw a nearly perfect game w/o t.o or Ocho :) can't wait till they're gone . Oh and peyton manning ran the ball lol 
Wow WVU what happened ?! 
Tomorrow is a busy day\ 
4:30 pm-10pm papa johns\ 
10:30 pm-5am cracker barrel 
stupid vols lost in double overtime . 
working and gellin at the same time . heck yes 
colts lost so now im rooting for the underdog seahawks . darn . upside is that i had a great night watching football with < PROPFEMALE > :) 
Going car shopping today ! 
Just had my manager try and tell me i can't < PROPFEMALE > the steelers ... Please . 
why is this coffee not working ?! must .. stay .. awake .. so .. i .. dont lose ...... jobbbbbb 
i love masticating . it does so much for you like keeping you awake and energetic . the only downfall is if you masticate too much you will be fat lol 
Missing high school 
another succesful shift of nightwork . 
You know what they say , fool me once , strike one , fool me twice .... Strike three . Hahaha 
Ugh why am i still awake ? Oh yeah its my job lol 
I am !! HOLLYWOOD watch where you point your finger 
Home from work . Debating if I should watch the office or sleep .. 
So much to do so little time . My mind is going a mile an hour right now 
What a great day to be a bengals fan 
Workin two jobs again :) 
instead of sitting around and playing games on my ipod i've decided to work out till the manager comes in :) 
Alesha : oh my god , is she walking a deer ?!?! \\nMe : < PROPFEMALE > , that's a dog . 
