Peace and love everybody ! 

I'm waiting for today to be greater than yesterday . At that rate , tomorrow should be nothing short of amazing . =D 
Locked myself out of the house today . Spare key , well it was inside the house and i was the one who left it inside . I hope telling you that made you laugh =) 
Completely wore out after staying home and watching the degrassi movie with Flee ! Okay , wasn't crazy , pretty low key actually . The trip to paoli walmart was tiring . I did get a huge calender ! Yes , < PROPFEMALE > , i did need it ! i will tape all of the pages back , white out what i wrote and sell it to someone who doesn't know what year it is . =D i'm just that evil !!! 
getting stuff ready for Dork Day tomorrow =D 
Feeling completely unmotivated , have a ton of tasks that I need to do . Nothing like some serious procrastinating to ruin a night . 
I am reallllly wanting some mexican food . I think i am going to wake up early and make tacos tomorrow ! Nothing like heartburn and a stomach ache for breakfast ! 
I feel like I am light years away , and I am so eagerly awaiting the day when I can find you on that galaxy far far away . 
Really cannot focus on Adv Bio . I thought making flash cards would help cut down on my temporary ADD , not happening ! I have started another best selling novel ( yeah right ! ) and < PROPFEMALE > is coming over soon because she can't get through taking notes for Adv Bio either ! hahahaha ! I love having a bestie that is always on the same < PROPFEMALE > as me ! ( literally :]) 
Talking to < PROPFEMALE > on the phone ! singing the < PROPMALE > potter puppet pals song ! hahahaha ! 
This weekend has been jam packed with stuff to do ! Parade yesterday , followed by a visit to the Farm . I had a ton of fun ! Church this morning , going to shop this afternoon , then back to church ! Hopefully I can paint sometime in between everything !!!! 
My day wasnt the best . Oh well , things can only get better ! Hanging out with flee and < PROPFEMALE > tonight ! I will beat them soooo badly at any disney game they throw at me ! ( Yes , I just challenged you both =D ) 
I'm feeling very good about life ! I think it is due to the fact that I am writing in a library book . Breakin ' the law , breakin ' the law =D 
Life has been one big sneezing fit for me today ! And I am stuck in the middle of nowhere ( or is it now here ? sorry love guru reference . ) without a tissue ! 
When you look into someone's eyes and you see something so beautiful that you cannot find words , that is the best feeling in the world . 
Assymbling the best display of Blue and Gold attire EVER . People of MHS : I just threw down the gauntlet , just try to be more awesome than I will be tomorrow . ( I do wish you the best of luck because you , my friends , will need it ) 
Planning my future the best I can . Too bad my < PROPFEMALE > ball's server crashed . 
pretty excited about life , I am ! < PROPFEMALE > and I are going to church tonight for a halloween party =D I am going to brew some tea and read a ( few ) book(s ) until then . Six hours of pure bliss right there . 
Had the oddest dream last night . It was my birthday for like a week ! No one remembered and my church youth group thought it would be a good idea to go camping . Too bad snow was still on the ground and it was freezing cold ! So for my dreamland birthday week , I was in a tent freezing and a raccoon took my marshiemellows ! 
I am making someone's present for Christmas right now . Now , you are wondering if you are the one I am talking about . It's super awesome ; all I am going to say . =D 
My arms are seriously hurting . And this is the hardest part to admit , it's from playing the wii for like an hour . I am so out of shape it seems . 
I am off to church , followed by painting christmas blubs , and I am crossing my fingers for some starbucks and a movie tonight ! 
Thanks to the MHS < PROPMALE > Club and < PROPMALE > classes for helping with Fantasia ! It was really great ! -- I feel as though I have done so much this week . I also feel tired . I know it's only a little after five , but I am considering calling it a night and going to bed . 
Going to lunch somewhere , then going back home to try and finish homework . Bah . Then I am headed to the ACE/Ben < PROPMALE > Christmas party . I might have to break out my antlers and blinky Christmas lights necklace , I wonder if anyone will notice ... 
12 Days until Christmas and I have so many gifts left to buy or make . I wish I wasn't such a procrastinator . 
I had the funnest dream last night ! I am running from this guy with a gun and a baseball bat ( Why or how he will use both I will never know ) , I turn around and say ' I don't know if I should continue to run , or if I should just punch you in the face and get this over with . ' The guy throws down his weapons and starts crying . Victory for the skinny , pale girl ! 
I don't know why I allow myself to get this angry at technology . More specifically , my slow computer . Maybe it knows that I complain about it behind its back and it is trying to be a pain . Maybe it talks to all of its computer buddies about me and complains about me ! Maybe I am just thinking way too much into this and I am actually trying to talk myself out of throwing it in the driveway . It is almost Christmas . 
If my < PROPFEMALE > ball doesn't start working soon , I don't know what I am going to do . 
Today is going to be a good day . I can just feel it ! I am going to the movies , then lunch , and then to the MHS to watch the girls and boys win =D 
I do not know why it is hard for me to stay up past 11 . If I were warm and toasty , I would be entering REM sleep right now . Therefore , it only seems logical to turn off the heat . I only have 12 minutes left . Just twellll -- *snore * 
I love my man . 
blue ! <3 
If this is the game of Clue we are playing , I have figured it out , my dear Watson ! The crime was committed in the lounge with the some sort of electronic device . If only we knew who has the red on their hands ... 
I have a mouse staring at me , it is very cute , I can't lie about that . 
I really wish that people were not so rude , inconsiderate , unfeeling , heartless , meanie faces ! Yes , I am speaking to those who are going to wear those horrible shirts to the MHS BNL game that are just being worn because they are just horrible people who do not have anything better to do with their lives then to cause pain to others . 
is hanging out with her bestest best best best friend in the whole entire world ! < PROPFEMALE >!!!!=) Who is awesome =) 
Decided to listen to some < PROPFIRST > Buble , I got through the first two tracks , then I couldn't take it anymore and I had to dance . I might have broke out the robot a little , yes , I know it doesn't fit the music . ha =D 
I am feeling grr about the dark of winter . I don't like the fact that I have to wake up early to scrape ice , that I have to wear four layers of clothes because I am that cold , that I can't sit on the back porch and watch the sun come up , and that I am holding my breath to see life in my garden again . 
I have no answers for the questions you give me . I have given you all of the answers , all of them that you rightfully deserved . So if me feeling horrible for you is what you wanted , you got it . 
Today is going to be a good day , I can feel it ! Two hour delay , < PROPMALE > class , short classes , ohhhh I am so excited ! 
I am staring off into the black hole that is everything I must get done . I keep repeating the word focus , and it isn't helping . Focus ... focus . I think I am giving up , I just looked up in the dictionary how to spell \focus \"" 
I had a great yesterday ! Minus the ' evasive maneuvers . ' We got to where we were going in time , thankfully . Ate a Chili's , went to the movies and saw < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > and the Lightning Theif , I enjoyed it . < PROPMALE > agreed to see Avatar in 3D because I heard it was mindblowingly awesome . And our minds were blown , and our headaches persisted for the rest of the night . I am going to eat a whole box of chocolates today =D 
When you are sick , you aren't supposed to look nice . You are supposed to look like you were just mauled by a small bear and then hit by a box truck carrying refridgerators on your way home from the bear infested woods . Did I mention you were walking uphill in the rain too ? Well , you are . 
Dear IU basketball , at first , I was disappointed at lossing by a few points . Then , as the lossing streak continued , I cried on the inside . Now , after lossing eight games in a row , I tear up when I even hear you name . It is because of the deepest shame I feel to still watch your games , I know how it will end . So like a bad relationship , I will see you again , but for now , I am too emotional to continue . 
Please keep Chile in your prayers , and please pray for < PROPMALE > . 
Girls State here I come !!! 
Having a great day , then I remember psych homework that I should have done last week , grrrm . what a joy kill . 
I think my new tomato seeds need a little cheering up , that is why they aren't growing . So I have decided to paint some colorful rocks to help with their growing process =D It is a fun filled day , I know !! 
Happy Pi day everyone !!!! 
Thank you for being in my life , Miss Jada-bear . 
A huge REMINDER to ALL < PROPFIRST > High School students : TOMORROW IS BEACH DAY , SO PLEASE WEAR YOUR BEACHY ( appropriate ) CLOTHING ! IF YOU SIGNED UP FOR BEACH DAY , BRING A LUNCH AND YOURSELF TO THE FOOTBALL FIELD TOMORROW AT 12:30 !!!! See you there =) 
Really regreting those chocolate eggs , dark chocolate bunnies , peeps , marshiemellows that look like little chickens , but taste like banana taffy , and a piece of rainbow colored hello < PROPFEMALE > cake . But what is a birthday without having some horrible after effect ? 
I cannot wait for the talent show ! Como se dice ' best thing you will ever see in your life ? ' =D 
Bought an awesome apron today ! Also got some cook books , and I will be making some bread after I get back from the play ! You can just call me Ms. < PROPFEMALE > Crocker ! 
Welp , I have four more bruises because for some reason I kept running into everything last night . The talent show was awesome ! Congrats to everyone who participated !!! 
Welp , going to bed , considering this horrible feeling which is a cold . Yay , just in time for prom . 
Love is wanting what is best for another person and expecting nothing in return . 
Moral to this story of life : You don't always have to hold your head higher than your heart . 
Cannot wait until it gets warm , then I can camp in my backyard ! I know , I am really daring . =D 
Two things you never give < PROPFEMALE > Fleener : Red colored soda and creative control of your farm on farmville . 
If only it would storm all night ! I sleep so much better when I know it is nasty outside ! 
What a day I have ahead of me : church , go to the family memorial day get together , go to < PROPFIRST>'s house for a little bit , come back home and pack for the SADD retreat , go to the SADD retreat . And sometime between those , I have to go to the grocery store . 
Working on my portfolio , which basically means drawing still lifes . Which as everyone knows , is the most fun one could have ! 
Going to the doctor today . This flu thing will not leave me alone ! 
I had the most amazing week ! I really hated it at first because ISU doesn't have a little thing called Air conditioning in their dorms and it was awkward . But by the end of the week I became amazing friends with all of the citizens of Hoosier Girls State !!!!!! I LOVE YOU ALL IN BLACKWELL CITY AND DEMOCRACY COUNTY !!! 
Fishing tonight , eating on the way there , sleeping on the way home , then tomorrow hanging with mags 
just told technology she would kill it . How do you kill technology ? 
-Did you not remember saying \Cat I wish you would get struck by lightning\ " ? ~ I was joking . -That was right before you kicked it . " 
is wishing someone would rub her shoulders 
So extremely happy that I am working the fair booth tonight . ' Ello free food ! 
This past week has been so eventful ! I have learned some very interesting things . Like when a slip and slide is involved , do not do it . If you find a large bug , keep it in two nacho trays and then kill it with jalpenos ( May Ferbie rest in peace ) and real love is giving your favorite pig to someone . 
If I started creating tuxedo tees in my basement , would anyone be surprized ? 
Went to Cincy today ! We were following our gps , < PROPFEMALE > , and it was leading us very close to the river and no one really thought anything about it until it told us to turn in 500ft and we ended up in the parking lot of < PROPMALE > Ferry . We were supposed to go across the river on a boat . Riiiight . She was so angry that we turned around that she kept saying \Make a U-turn if possible \"" 
Does anyone know anything about caring for a shrew ? No , seriously , I am not making some kind of joke . 
< PROPFIRST > the Shrew did not make it , so we had a burial for it . It was in a box that was way too big for the hole I dug , so I took the shovel and layed it on the grave and stepped on it . Children shouldn't have to be subject to a burial disaster like that . 
< PROPFEMALE > Fleener spent the night last night and we are watching psych ! Then , < PROPMALE > and I are getting things together for the Summer of Service !!! 
I was sitting , waiting , wishing that you would go to Summer of Service =) 
Really excited about Summer of Service ! It is going to be awesome !!!! 
I am low maintance , but that doesn't mean that you should have given me a boys haircut . This should be interesting . 
Awesome time with < PROPMALE > Young , as usual ! <3 
Super excited about life ! Just had an amazing midmorning/afternoon with L . < PROPFEMALE > Backherms ! She did my nails and they are kickin ' it ! Getting Senior Picture props together , prepare to be full of awe ! Mags and I are going to Wal-Mart and then to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE>'s Birthday party !! Trying to get everything done by the end of summer , as one can see =D 
I am loving the display of class and respect that people have for one another . 
My beloved cell phone has had its last stand . Alas , I have moped about it all morning and now I have come to terms with this tragic loss . It has powered off and will never power on again . Some say that when someone dies they remain with you and so will my cell phone . I can not bare to part with it , so I will < PROPFEMALE > it around as though it is still working . 
needs to stop with this moping . Not to be confused with mopping . 
You have to love idiots . < PROPMALE > and I just saw a guy on the interstate back up off the interstate onto the exit ramp and all the way back down . Wows 
Left part of my heart at Missouri and Mr. Oinkerson of course . 
Wow , acp chem is sounding like a baaaaad idea . 
So excited about life right now :D 
What a day , what can I say ? < PROPFEMALE > and I ate some and found a fire in the process . No one was cooking out , like I believed . Hey , it is hard for me to judge distances and amounts of smoke ! 
Blue and Gold day tomorrow ! Woot Woot ! 
Yeah , I am going to apply for Harvard and you thought I was kidding ! 
had a fun filled day with < PROPFEMALE > Backherms ! Then Mags and I did zumba , which was horrid ! =) 
HOMECOMING : Sept 17 ! Does anyone have a good idea for a spirit day ?! 
thinks senior year is overrated ! 
is sitting on the ground watching < PROPFEMALE > go through a box of stuffed animals ! 
tie dying today at Mag's! 
Standing on your own two feet and holding your head up is much harder doing than just saying you are . 
I have been wishing on shooting stars , but my lab report still isn't magically done . 
As I was sitting on the front porch , a car backfired and my arms instantly went numb , I might have thought someone was shooting at me . 
It will take me as about the same amount of time to download the bible to my computer as took to write it . 
Indestructable phone , I see . This is where the problem lies . My mom's boss ' son decided that his phone was capable of anything . This is up until the point he tried to make a phone call underwater . 
Wow , who knew what an hour of baking time difference could do to some < PROPFEMALE > rolls . How am I going to get these suckers off the pan now ?! 
Had a great day yesterday ! Off the the Vatican Exhibit in St. < PROPFIRST > today ! I have my camera in hand and I am very excited ! 
is back in Indiana and can't wait to get on skype and go to bed . 
made it back from a wonderful trip ! Next time I will bring less stuff . 
Wow , that cockroach never stood a < PROPMALE > . It is quite a shame that he wanted to reside on my shoulder after being relocated from my locker . * Shudder * 
I asked my mom if she would put some fuzzy socks in the dryer for me because my toes are cold . She asked me how old I was . When did I become too old to want warm socks ? 
needs a little reassurance that the table cloth she is gripping won't let all of the glasses fall off the table when she yanks the tablecloth out from under them . 
homecoming :) 
Ah , I have no voice ! 
Wow , I really don't know when I will have some time to just do nothing . I will probably spend my nothing time sleeping due to the lack of it I have been receiving . 
Wow , so I signed up for an online library so I could get an article for english and it just so happens that it was a catalog of the books I could check out from a library in wisconsin . Maybe I should have looked into it before I signed up . 
who is a bundle of nerves ? This chica ! 
Baking some pudding and I am so excited about it ! If only everyone could accept that we have our faults and love each other like God wants us to , that would be amazing . 
persimmon pudding contest is fierce ! 
If God can love so vastly , then love shall pour from the hearts of mankind when we accept the love being given to us continually from Him . 
Thanks to < PROPMALE > Young for sending me Alien Cow . I really like it ! http://apps.facebook.com/farmville-it-gaibhb/home?tv3=mK3ZYGATFOSQwjWCKSrAhyuGk06%2FbhS5Y6c%3D 
Off to the ' out of the darkness walk ' at 8 :) 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > just said \I mean if you see the pope you know he is catholic \"" 
My main purpose to get online was not to buy clothes , download music , or even to check my facebook ; it was to download stoichiometry problems . I then begged to ask the question \what has my life amounted to today ? \"" 
togas : wear them tonight at the game ! 
Game night was awwwesome ! Add apples to apples , Mr. Kearns , the funnest girls ( and < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ) that I have ever met , together and you are sure to laugh until you feel ill . Wow ! 
is going to buy christmas presents ! Sellers beware , < PROPFEMALE > is on a mission :) 
Going to write the best critique of my life right now . 
got accepted to iu :) time to wait on the rest and to fill out some more , yay ! 
has an early lunch :) gotta love the blood drive ! 
Hello ! If you , or anyone you know , would like some BOY SCOUT POPCORN please message me or see me tomorrow :) 
grebe , grebe ? 
one has to love shots . My poor arm . 
MHS SADD Members : If you would like to pass out < PROPFEMALE > at Hatfield for Safe Trick or Treating , please be at Hatfield no later than 5:45 !!!! If you would like to help set up , please be at the school at 330 -- Pizza will be provided !!!! 
is baking some rolls to make myself feel better about acp english 
got accepted into Bellarmine ! 
If you are left in the dark , find the light within you . 
I never knew the day would come when I dreaded fridays . Thanks acp english and acp calculus ! 
Off to Spring Mill for lunch with the family ! 
I know when something is wrong when I feel like watching the cooking channel and eat while watching . 
when you have a gut feeling that you are dealing with a creeper texter , follow that feeling and do not respond . Tip of the day for you :) 
30 minutes :) the count down of < PROPMALE > has begun ! 
Oh right , the world couldn't just have one has-been boy band on one stage , we have to have two ! Two claps for the backstreet boys and the new kids on the block for being on the AMA's at the same time . Now they are fist pumping . sigh . 
I only thought the nasa station was for people who can't fall asleep and need motivation , but < PROPMALE > and I found it is actually interesting . We may have just enjoyed it as well . 
make sure every \good\ " thing is the real thing . " 
It isn't thanksgiving until someone gets in a verbal dispute or something gets caught on fire . Check and check :) happy thanksgiving ! 
One must love the website crashing when you are buying the perfect gift for someone ! I will get that cricket cutter . 
Wait a minute , if you have been dating for 4 years and you are just now in 8th grade . * realization * oh wow . that is something . Glad you two are engaged . :/ 
Washed my flashdrive : it survived . Walked in the parade : wasn't even cold . Sold cookies at Breakfast with Santa : all were gone by 10 AM . Today was just chalk full of miracles ! 
hello ugly day :) 
Oh Mrs. Fults , thank you for not making us write a ten < PROPFEMALE > paper . I am so glad because I was freaking out just a bit . 
Please message me a number and we shall play this number game that is going on ! 
1993 - < PROPFEMALE > , you are so much fun ! I am so God put you in my life because you are absolutely awesome ! You make youth group so much fun and I can't wait to see you Sunday ! 
22- I remember the days of the play ground and acting as if we were dinosaurs ! I have missed talking to you like we did when we were kids ! I hope you have an amazing day ! 
12 - I am so glad that you are in my peer group ! You have an amazing artistic ability and you should use that in everything you do ! I wish for you an amazing holiday ! And I am always here to talk if you ever need me :) 
2447 - YOU NUT ! I have never met another person like you and sometimes I hope I never will ! ( Hahah ! I love ya ! ) I have learned so much from you and developed a fear of driving because of you . All your fault , dearie . You will always be part of the Sehr family ! Mom and Dad worry about you when you do not come by on Fridays or if they don't see you for a while . I am so glad you are my best friend ! 
one must love snow when studying for finals ! 
\Women don’t want to hear what you think . Women want to hear what they think – in a deeper voice . ”\ 
< PROPFEMALE > has de-iced the car and is heading out to get some Micky D's Sweet Tea and salt so the driveway won't be a skating rink . 
Heading over to mags ' later for a christmas party for the centuries !!!! 
I am dreaming of a white Christmas . Just like the ones I used to know . 
A good person is generous with a generosity that never runs dry . 
wishes you a < PROPFEMALE > Christmas < PROPFEMALE > :) 
So something is wrong with the ole laptop , thus I am going to bed before I do something rash . I will dream about smashing it just like the copier on Office Space . 
Chemistry final , I dominated you . :D 
So I hear that we are going to get snow late tonight , early morning tomorrow ! This , by no means , equates to no school . If we all think positive thoughts , it won't snow and we won't have a snow day . As you can tell , I don't want to graduate in June . 
Going outside to make some snow animals ! They trump snow men , definitely . If anyone has suggestions , please let me know ! I am going to try to do a whole zoo :) 
Mozart and Celtic music are on my playlist tonight , what a strange mood I am in . 
Mom and I thought a funeral home was a bank today . And there were \quite a few people cashing their checks . \ " Apparently that was the funeral procession . " 
don't all croutons look the same ? 
I have had the best idea ! Who knew being blind could be used as artist inspiration ! 
In 26 seconds the < PROPFEMALE>'s scored 7 points . Way to go steeler's defense ! 
The only time I watch American Idol is the audition week . Wouldn't you ask your family to honestly tell you if you could < PROPFEMALE > a note in a bucket or not before you go on national TV ? 
at the end of the day , the one who takes care of people should be the one taken care of . 
I am going to dance , just dance 2 that is . 
I went to Army Supply today ; not what I expected in the least . 
< PROPFIRST>'s Day is such a women's holiday . Not saying it is bad or anything ( I do get chocolate covered strawberries after all ) , but the guys are definitely getting the shaft on < PROPFIRST>'s Day . 
Ilovelife 
so exciting ! Eeeeee ! 
Why are people so rude when you accidentally hit their car with your door . I kept apologizing , but she kept freaking out on me . Way to put a damper on my evening . 
Oh how I love Pawn Stars ! It doesn't make me want to go to auctions or buy things like ' Storage Wars ' does . 
When drawing Russia and things relating to Russia , who doesn't picture Putin fishing , swimming , or killing that tiger to save that tv news crew ? 
And we have a win ! 
Well , pick up the fine < PROPFEMALE > and let's move to Vermont ! Oh Modern Family ! 
So falling up the stairs hurts just as bad as falling down . 
Go team ! 
In the end , it is about the love you shared and joy you spread . It is about the bonds shared , not the mere connections made . It is about the courage you had , not the strength you displayed . 
He has shown me the wonders of his unfailing love . He kept me safe when my life was under attack . 
I wish I could focus . Focus . Focus . Foc -- oh look at that ! 
When I said I wanted to be awake by four this morning , I should have made it clear that I wanted to be up no earlier than four . Waking < PROPFEMALE > up at 3 o'clock is not a good sight to see . 
Black holes were created when God tried to divide the universe by zero . 
Gnomeo and < PROPFEMALE > was amazing ! Everyone must see it ! It cracked me up ! :D 
I love life ! 
< PROPFIRST > BOYS WIN ! Game 2 , here we come !!!!!! 
Are we all bystanders ? 
Think of happy things !!! Think of unicorns , rainbows , and communism ! 
Let's do this boys ! GO < PROPFIRST > JACKETS ! 
It is a lovely day ! Going to the movies with Mags and who knows where we will end up ! 
There is no good news or bad , there is just news 
Peyton , < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > and I are half way to Canada ! 
Stone bruises on the bottoms of my feet ; it must be spring 
What are you guys doing ? \We are using out level app to see if the bus is level\ " I love my academic team friends . " 
In striving for the future , you lose the present , because it has now past . 
Mr. Kearns brakes for bunnies , but almost injured everyone in the short bus saving said < PROPFEMALE > . 
HELLO MHS ! I am spreading the word that tomorrow is BEACH DAY ! We will not be having a lunch celebration , but it is a spirit day so DRESS UP ! 
Spending this lovely Saturday with my bestest best friend Maggs ! We are going to go do friend-ical things ! 
Why do I always lose my cell phone ? I do not know where it could be ! 
Ended up taking a detour in the hollars of Kentucky which threw us an hour and a half off track . It was almost as bad as the time our gps took us to < PROPMALE > ferry and expected us to take it . 
Finally made it to Grand Rivers ! Ate the most amazing meal at \patti's 1880s grill\ " and picked up some amazing driftwood ! " 
Went to the bison and elk prairie . Funny , I would have thought I would have seen a bison or an elk . I did see some awesome prescribed burns though . 
I am not bi-polar , I am bi-winning 
Well that was awful . 
I had a dream about starbucks . Can anyone say addiction ? 
I miss my best friend . 
You can lead a herring to water , but you have to walk really fast before they die . 
On a lazy scale of 1 to 10 , I feel about a seven . 
THANKS TO EVERYONE FOR THE BIRTHDAY WISHES ! I am so sorry that I cannot thank each and everyone of you individually ; it would take me a while ! So THANK YOU once again ! 
I watched Big Bang Theory tonight and I related 100% . How sad is that ?! 
I just want to go back into slumbering . And maybe have some tea waiting on me that is the perfect temperature with a spoonful of < PROPFEMALE > and a lemon wedge that is exactly 1/4 of the cross section of a lemon across it's longest side . I don't think it is too much to ask ! 
