Mick is coming home on Wednesday !! WOO HOO !!!!!! 

Playing in my first pool tournament ever and have not lost yet . Woo Hoo !!! Worst case scenario , I get 4th . 
I got 3rd in my pool tournament on Sunday . $100 and a trophy . Woo Hoo !! Another tournament this weekend . This one is team . Hopefully we do well . 
Only the cool people stay home on St. < PROPFIRST>'s Day . 
I have faith in you < PROPFIRST > !! 
Is it Friday yet ? Wow what a long week already . 
Life is grand !! 
I am off to Sioux Falls for more job training today . Gotta love that 350 < PROPMALE > of nothingness . At least I get out of my office for a few days , that will be nice . 
Hooray !! My training is done so look out Sioux Falls . 
I am so lame sitting at home facebooking on a Saturday night . 
Isn't my new profile picture hot !?! 
Being lazy , watchin movies , cookin good food , and loungin with the boy . I love Sundays !!! 
Does anyone know someone that has tickets for Sturgical on Saturday night that does not want them ? 
Hooray !!!! It's my last full day of work this week . 
Darn South < PROPFEMALE > wind waking me up at 3 am . 
Hooray off work at 1 today , and then the wonderful trek from the Hills to horrible Aberdeen . 
I'll be there tomorrow also . I am not leaving Aberdeen til Sunday morning . 
Call me or I'll call you . Is your number still the same ? 
Thank you to all who wished me a Happy Birthday . I was so busy that I didn't even have time to check FB yesterday . It was my first annual 29th . 
I hope everyone is surviving the weather . 
I am off to the wonderful city of Sioux Falls ... AGAIN !! 
could use a vacation from life . 
is going on vacation tomorrow . Going to my first baseball game in 19 years . Go Twins !!! 
is back from vacation and needs a vacation to recover from her vacation . 
gives thanks to < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > for the extra day off . 
is in Lemmon visiting my niece and nephews . 
is off to < PROPMALE > today for 3 days for a SDHDA conference . I love training . 
Why do I keep running into to long lost B-town folk in < PROPMALE > ? 
Cousins are the 1st friends of your life . Cousins are there as childhood friends . No one will ever understand your crazy family like your cousins ... even if you don't talk much lately .... Re-post this if you have some of the best cousins in the world ... they know who they are !!! \ 
\ 
Love you guys ! 
hates being sick . I think I have influenza . 
