Working . Setting this stuff up for when I get home . 

sitting at work ... Party tonight . So ready ! 
Work work work . Can't wait till time to go :( 
Sitting at the house . My wallet got stolen last night :( . People keep hating . 
Workin . Im tired :( and its hot . 
Working once again . Off tomorrow . Maybe the fair ?? Maybe ... 
Working till six . blah 
is workin now ! 
Workin ! 
Workin till six . 
My phone died :( so now all I have is this to play wit . 
Morning ! Working today , but off tomorrow ! Yay :) 
Working ! Can't wait till morning 
Workiing ! Forever and ever 
Working :) I hate him for real 
I do too :) 
Working off tonight . So ready to go home ! 
Chilling with some friends .. Work in the morning hit up the cell ! 
Working till six . What's up ?? 
Terrible , terrible , terrible 
Just checked in 
At work . Phone is dead . Anyone online ?? 
Workin . What's up . 
Working . Off tomorrow . 
Work ... 
Working overtime tomorrow and Wednesday ! Yay :) 
I Love my mom !? For all of you that aren't too proud to say thank you to your moms for helping you be the great person you are today . please copy and paste to your profile ! ;~} Some people no longer have their Moms here to appreciate . So make sure you appreciate them while they are still here !! :-)) 
Workin ! What's up ? Tunica in the morning . 
Working ... Back from Tunica . Pretty damn fun man 
Second Valentines Day in a row :( 
Working . Got a new haircut . Pictures in a second . 
Morning ! 
Working , working , working :) 
Morning ! Lets hear it for Monday ! It's my sister from another mister's 21st b-day everyone send her birthday wishes . 
Working . Hope everyone's day is going great ! 
Is the fair still going on ? Or did they cancel it for rain ? 
On my way to work ... 
Going swimming ! 
Swimming again new pics of the new doo soon ! 
Pulling up to work ! Have a great evening . 
Good morning world ! Ready to suck today's ... you know :D 
On the way to work ! Everyone have a great Monday . 
Now the proud owner of a < PROPMALE > size bed thank you < PROPFEMALE > and family ! 
Working tonight . Off this weekend . Hells yea ! 
Mission accomplished :D 
Morning drive . Ah , how refreashing . 
Time to go home ... almost ! 
Is on the way to work ! Have a great evening everyone . 
I could really use a wish right now , wish right now , wish right now ... 
Mmmm 
Work all night . Tunica on Wednesday wish me luck 
Good morning oh beautiful world ! 
Shawty you my medicine . I think need , I think I need , I think I need my medicine . 
There are only two ways to live your life . One is as though nothing is a miracle . The other is as if everything is . Does anyone know who the author of this quote is ? 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes ! Heading out for Tunica here in a bit . Keep me in your prayers tonight ! 
Back to work . It amazes me how much a birthday can change how you look at things . 
It is always good to know , if only in passing , charming human beings . It refreashes one like flowers and woods and clear < PROPMALE > . 
No longer forward nor behind\ 
\ 
I look in hope and fear ;\ 
But grateful take the good I find , \ 
The best of now and here . \ 
. \ 
< PROPFIRST > G . Whittier 
Tick Tock , tick tock , tick tock ... COME ON SIX !!! 
The more time you spend trying to improve yourself , the less you have to notice the state of others . 
Good morning ! ( From under the covers :) 
Good morning ! 
Sooooo tired . Long long day , but I'm satisfied . 
Wow what a week ! Here's to the weekend . Night all :D 
What will you do to help someone along the way ? \ 
Just a touch , a smile as you turn the other cheek \ 
Pray for your enemies , humble yourself , love's staring back at me \ 
In the midst of the most painful faces \ 
Angels show up in the strangest of places\ 
~ Skillet ( Looking for Angels ) 
Happy Thanksgiving to all my wonderful facebook friends ! I'm thankful for all of you ! 
Farmville is pissing me off ! 
It's snowing ! :D 
All you people can't you see , can't you see\ 
how your love's affecting our reality\ 
Every time we're down \ 
You can make it right\ 
And that makes you larger than life ... \ 
~ Backstreet Boys - Larger than life 
Change your default facebook picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To not see a human face on facebook until Monday , Dec . 6 . Join the fight against child abuse , and invite your friends to do the same . 
It's cold ! 
Almost time to go ! So ready for all this time off . 
Christmas is coming too fast ! 
Now it's on :D 
What a beautiful morning ! < PROPFEMALE > Christmas all my wonderful friends :D 
It`s so cold ! 
Thunder snowstorm ! Amazing . 
It feels like a Faith Hill kind of morning . :D 
I may be going stag for yet another Valentines Day , but at least I got a pretty pink unicorn on Farmville !! ILY FV ! 
Cheers to the freakin weekend . I drink to that ! 
Telemarketers who disturb my life to be rude to me can suck on my big freakin toe after a shift in steel toes . That is all . 
Sticks and stones may break my bones , but ... 
It's sick that all these battles are what keeps me satisfied . 
Life's too short to be sitting round miserable . People gonna talk whether you doing bad or good . 
Every time I see a big black cloud of birds now I'm scared their all going to fall from the sky dead . What an irrational , strange fear . 
Why does time have to fly by so fast ! I feel like I don't have time to live anymore . 
Sometimes I get you . Sometimes I don't understand . Why is everything with you so complicated ? 
Mmmm cap'n crunch oh yeah ! 
A < PROPFEMALE > for my thoughts oh no I'll sell ' em for a dollar their worth so much more after I'm a goner . Funny when your dead how people start listening . The Band < PROPFIRST > oh how awesome you are ! 
There's no need to rush . It's going to happen when it's supposed to happen , and we find the reasons why one step at a time . 
There's always that one person that will always have your heart . You never see it coming cuz your blinded from the start ... 
I can't breath when you talk to me . I can't breath when your touching me . I suffocate when your away from me , so much love you take from me ; I'm going out of my mind . 
I'm on the right track , baby . I was born to survive . 
Your gonna catch a cold from the ice inside your soul . Don't come back for me ; don't come back at all . Who do you think you are ? 
I can't breath when you talk to me . I can't breath when your touching me . I suffocate when your away from me . 
Had an amazing night with friends last night ! I love me some < PROPFEMALE > Bastin , < PROPMALE > Casteel , and < PROPMALE > Brannon . You mean the world to me . 
