2011 , I got alot going this year . I dont have time for bullshit or bullshiters . I got to get back 2 money !!! Its Game Time . Haters can suck on a bullet or fuck a blade !! Give or take huh , not really asswipe . 

I`m single 
Fuck the haters !!!!!!!!! 
Whats most important about life ? 
I got alot on my plate !! Real talk 
I am one man that will make a impack somehow !!!!!!!!!!! 
I painted a car today . It was not my best job !!!!!!!! 
Real talk I need a good women !!!!!!!!!!! 
I to paint a car in da next few hours , better get ZZZZZZZZZZZs 
Live for today , pray for tomorow 
Life is an adventure , you got to keep moving to end , U will have ups and downs , but dats all apart of role , 
Its friday , I need a beer !! 
Last nite was great !! 
What is going on ? 
As I Walk Through Life . I've learned , that either you control your attitude or it controls you . I've learned , that sometimes when I'm angry I have the right to be angry , but that doesn't give methe right to be cruel . I've learned , that no matter how good a friend is , they're going to hurt you every oncein a while and you must forgive them for that . Feel ME !! 
I got da car beating 2 table out , one card game da other one got da bones on it , thats how u do a sunday with grill on feel me & its not a party with out beer , got love it !!! 
Its monday , Here we go again ! 
I feel all alone in this world sometime , just too much bullshit for one to handle on his own !!!!!! 
I need help on this one ladies . So what a real women looking for in a man ? 
Dame shit hard , so much on my plate , I don`t even have a woman to turn to , Dame !!!!!!!!! 
I keep it real , I am a man of my word . Fuck da haters . 
So what a lady is looking for in a man ! 
It really doesn't matter what age you are . What nationality . What country you come from . \ 
Weather you are < PROPMALE > or poor . What schools you were educated in . How big your city is or how small your town . We all need LOVE . There has been a huge shortage of that . \ 
It is saddening to me , that we all have gotten away from the real reason we all are here . 
Life is a gamble , an I am all about my poker chips !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 1 
So ladies what are somethings you like to do when you go out ? 
Thanks God Its friday !! 
Can`t for get da beer later , dats a must on friday nite . 
Nothing like a beer on a friday nite !!!!!!!!!! 
Don`t you hate people who do not know how to shut da fuck up ! 
Life is a gamble & I am all about my poker chips !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
So to a women , whats a good date ? 
Only 3 ways to make money , steal it , 9 to 5 or married in to it . 
I think I might take me trip to New Orleans , yea show my azz in New Orleans da city mis ur boy 
When love is present ; age , gender , and race should not matter . But in our times , the system and other bigoted minds try to force us to separate . Why must they attempt the impossible . When two hearts are connected by love , then that's it . They are forever intertwined and their hearts will forever beat as one . 
Don`t you just hate people who play games ? Shit just be real !! I know I am cause , my word is my pride 
We all are born to die , da key is to be happy , protect what matters an love all . 
I lost so many times in life , shit I think its time to win ! 
Houston , TX is 99F outside dame 
This path we call life , once a path worth walking on and living for , now a path of misery and woe , sadness . Everyone , my friends , family . just feel like I`m being left behind , pushed aside , never to remembered by anyone . Now alone on this path , on one by my side to walk with or guid me the right way . I keep walking but I dont know where . This path is going nowhere , me , I`m going nowhere . 
So what do women like , when they with with there man ? 
Where do you go when you have no where to go ? 
I feel all alone in this big world ! 
I don`t have all da answers . 
Looking for a job , is a job !!!!!!!! 
I would like to have enough money or power in order to impress people who think they are better than I am . Not really !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I believe that all people have the best of intentions , even though they do not always act upon them . 
I had to put down my $1000 jeans ! 
I hate it when you get behind someone & they fucking ass hit da brakes . 
Dame , its reck day in < PROPMALE > 
Fuck !!, U do a fav for somebody , shit go wrong , me & cuz could of got kill & all they care about is a sofa !!! shit not right 
Life is about trusting your feelings and taking chances , losing and finding happiness , appreciating the memories , learning from the past , and realizing people change ! 
Whats up with women having men as best friends , are they doing something on da side or what ? Get at me , on this ! Shit keep it real . 
Life is about trusting your feelings and taking chances , losing and finding happiness , appreciating the memories , learning from the past , and realizing people change 
RE : |K ---------- Confirmed ! Text 32665 ( FBOOK ) to set you 
RE : |Shit ant right 
Life is a gamble & I am all about my poker chips !!!!!!!!! 
Great all da bad azz kids are back in school 
This is the land opportunity , where a poor man can become a < PROPMALE > man & a pussy can be come a tough guy , with a gun in hand !! 
If you die tomorrow , would u be proud of everything you did in life up intil today !! Would you ? 
Its going down Saints going to kick dat azz 
With a full tank of gas at 259mph in 12 mins tires will melt & da car is out of gas . Now dats a trill !!!!!!!!!!! 
Da sun don`t shine forevere 
Everything in life has money in it someway or another . 
LIVE 2 day & dream tomorrow people ! real talk 
I got to go back to old me , whit not giving a Fuck . I had to drop out of school , It was one of da hardest things I had to do caues of money . Now I work 2 jobs looking for a 3rd . Not sleeping at night , back on the push ups , going hard in da paint . Fuck it , it is what it is 
I am in recovery mode : Getting ride of the garbage in my life , Putting it in the trash . I am on some got to win shit . Its time to get rid of < PROPFEMALE > needed shit . Putting what works to work . I am staying away from haters , complainers , bullshiters I know that’s not a word but fuck it .!!!!!!! 
I am taken out da trash ! I got no love for most shit now days . I been kick when I was down so fuck um . Its time to rebuild , restack , rethink , remind myself of everything that happen . I got no love . My mind set on how to better then anyone I come across . So thats just mean it don’t matter to me . I just don’t care , I want be defeated . I only can win , I have no room for the other shit . They created a monster that cant loose 
I am going to be what I set out to be , its to late to back down . I am maning up . I am in beasts mode . Dont have time for a snitch , bitch , pussy , cowerd . 
I need a good women ! 
no love 
I feel peanutopolis !! If u have no with that mean , look it up . 
I am on da road to be a millionaire , fuck all that hate , that just fuel my ego , so go ahead & hate ! NO Love 
It funny , How people try to run me into the ground . Fuck um all !!! The money is making hard shit easy !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I’m on the road to greatness . No if ands or buts about it . I’m manning up , Imma hold my ground . I’m so fed up with 2010 . There been times I’ve should of just broke down . I was going through things , most men could not handle . I am walking through the storm , 2011 for me is all about raising the bar . No more dead ends . I `am focus solely on handling my responsibility’s as a man . Its time to put my life back together . 
I got to do whats right for me , no matter what law think . Its game time . Fuck the haters . 
