There's nothing like the new year to make you want to blow your own brains out ... 

My account went bonkers , so I decided to deactivate it and create a new one . Sorry everybody . 
Depression ..... * sigh * 
I'm trying to get my hands on the 1972 french film version of < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Misérables . The title basically translates to < PROPMALE > Miserables : The Tale of the Friends of the ABC . English subtitles would be a plus ( I just started learning French a few months ago so I'm not exactly fluent . ) 
is so cold right now ! Any know of a way to get rid of cold chills ? I've tried a hot shower , hot tea , tons of blankets & sitting very close to the gas heater . 
Does any one play Warhammer Online ? I don't play it but I got a code for free items with a game my brother bought me . Anyone want the code ? 
So I have auditions in about five weeks and I still can't decide what I'm going to sing for my solo . All of my ideas just seem ... bad . Anyone know of any good mezzo-soprano arias or any impressive Hawaiian folk songs ? 
So much to do ...... only twelve more days left to do it ..... I'm starting to freak out . 
Where the east coast storms really so terrible ? I just got home yesterday and I have to say I'm terribly unimpressed . 
How the heck are you supposed to get the ground coffee beans out of a cup of coffee after you brew it ?? There must be some sorta magic that I don't know about ... 
Maybe I'm just picky , but a month seems like a very long time for a headache to last . 
So is there anyone left who hasn't seen < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland ? This post is directed at you < PROPFEMALE > . 
Unless someone like you Cares a whole awful lot , Nothing is going to get better , It's not . - The Lorax , by Dr. Seuss I need to learn to care . How do you learn to care ? 
82 days ... So much to do and so little time to do it ! 
Apparently RoosterTeeth is still making episodes of Red vs Blue ..... 
30 days .... 
So I was supposed to have jury duty all week . They canceled Monday and Tuesday , and now they canceled the rest of the week . I'm actually kinda sad that I didn't get to go ... 
one more week ... 
Alergies were bad today , right ? It's just that . I am NOT getting sick . Right ? Right !!? 
Three more hours sitting at LAX then a five hour flight to Kona ... No seat assignment yet so this should be fun . 
We always want what we can't have . The sweet corn festival started back home :( but if I was still living in Ohio I probably wouldn't have gone anyway . 
Have any of you < PROPFEMALE>'s or Eaton's done a family tree or any geneology research ? 
finally got a copy of the Love Never Dies score . Now I just gotta by a pa'u and I'll be able to put my money towards the necessities in life . Y'know like dance and surfing and makin ' music . 
getting back to tfbd conditioning ... it's like running into the one that got away and realizing that you love one another . WHY hadn't I been dancing last year ? 
it might be a rat , or a very large cockroach ... or a ghost ... or maybe a brain tumor ... 
don't forget to vote NO for lakewood ! 
Bombay Bellywood is at the < PROPMALE > theatre < PROPMALE > , OH tonight . Go if you can . 
Saying thank you and walking away means the conversation is over . It does NOT mean you should turn around and try to catch up with me . I'm sorry , but I just don't trust you , random compliment guy . 
Screw dirty dancing , < PROPFEMALE > Grey's waltzing makes me want to learn ballroom dancing . 
One more long stressful day tomorrow and then classes will be chill for the rest of the semester . 
\Aloha Dancers ! Please call Shadyia if you want to perform for December's first Friday event at the Island Oasis Boutique and Studio in Aloha Tower ! \ " \ 
Oh , look , Michigan lost , AGAIN ! Yay , Bucks ! 
decided to stay home to * study * today . I got bored and started playing the zills , for an hour , my poor , poor neighbors ... 
Finals , winter concert , and clubbing all in one day was a great idea in theory , but I think it's sleepy/coma time now . Great job HPU choir & orchestra ! 
?????? ????? ??? ?????? 
Went before the jury today . It went .... somewhere . 
A bird just landed on my lanai and started singing ; completely oblivious to the dreary weather . What a little champ . 
Note to self : never ever require an ambulance in Waikiki . It took them over 45 minutes ! Epic fail . 
There's talk that Obama is going to support Mubarak .... 
It just got really , really quiet . No crazy partiers/rioters in the building or on the streets below .... 
Dear Ohio , \ 
Stop following in Wisconsin's footsteps . They are NOT a good role model !! \ 
tsk , tsk , tsk ... 
All these capsized boats in the harbor ... if < PROPMALE > Spires where here they could be saved !! Oh , memories .... 
Trying to sip tea with shaky hands after an anxiety attack . First real one in ... 3 years maybe . \ 
It's funny b/c even though my mind is pretty much f@*'d for the day I can still feel thankful that things aren't anywhere near as bad as they could be . 
Hawaiian yodeling !? Are you really * that * drunk ? 
I got called for jury duty again ... it hasn't even been a full year since the last time I had to serve . To bad I won't be able to make it . The transit would be just a little inconvenient . 
hmm , attempt to sleep , try to fix broken computer , work on research paper said computer lost , or ignore real life and write some lyrics ... 
