Two things I've decided I hate cleaning , if i had the money I'd pay someone to do it . I know that sounds bad but there is no way I actually enjoy having to clean up messes do dishes and especially do laundry . Number two i love cupcakes . They look pretty when their done right and they taste really good . 

I've started to accept the fact that probably my next twenty years will mainly involve kid stuff . Now don't get me wrong i like cartoons i probably always will but i'm starting to dream about preschool songs and shows . Also as an adult i realize i don't like half the characters on the preschool shows that are new and the ones i liked as a little kid myself . 
It's finally Friday afternoon meaning i don't have to get up so early yay . Unfortunately it means three little kids and one big kid to take care of sigh . I need a nanny 
Yay for audio books i can finally finish my books , No more asking for people to read for me . 
Have experienced first tornado , luckily it did not hit close enough to my place but it rained horribly and i think our roof leaked 
Two things i'm realizing , l < PROPFEMALE > is evil in an absolutely cute way and digital cameras are expensive . Before anyone gets onto me on that comment i'm convinced that child destroyed the camera so i wouldn't take pics of her 
It is official , Halloween plans are canceled . My costume crisis was solved but the weather is against us , we were going to go to the local church for trunk or treat but it's just too cold . Sigh now to break it to the girls . 
The week from hell continues , < PROPFEMALE > got sent home hacking and coughing today so i have to take her to the doctor next week . She's pretty bummed about it too , she loves school . 
Is going to be doing laundry for hours , i hate laundry especially little clothes . 
Has had horribly long day at doctors in the rain , is very tired now . Sigh . 
I have no washer , it's broke and to get it fixed they had to order a part from out of town , so to make sure we have clothes i have regressed in time and I'm doing it by hand . Am very sore and miss my washing machine 
Thanksgiving is this Thursday and as usual everything has been left to the last minute , I actually have to start cooking tomorrow , so that I don't have that much to do on the actual day . I got a turkey for 5 bucks . Yay but as it is every year I forgot the recipe . On top of that < PROPFEMALE > is off for the next three days so I'll have the fun of taking care of ALL three of the girls . This should be fun . 
Is very tired of being sick . I have all he kids with a upper respiratory and they can't cough it up . I have lost the sense of smell , spent half of yesterday sleeping with all the girls int he bed . Didn't get any cleaning done though . 
Is snowing , freezing cold and they canceled school tomorrow 
Xmas party was canceled , snow too severe and now it's raining , < PROPFEMALE > is convinced that the weather will keep < PROPFEMALE > from finding us . it's cute . 
Husband is teaching girls to roll on new < PROPMALE > , is funny to hear them complain and say yey . :) 
If I did what i do in my house for a living I'd be < PROPMALE > , take the cost of a house cleaner , a cook , a child care provider and ' cough , cough ' what is considered illegal in some contries and I'd make a killing . 
Aww , thank you everyone . So far it's been a pretty good day , i got made a big breakfast so that was cool . I have FULL control of the TV and the girls are behaving , I even got a chocolate cake with blue icing 
So I got my birthday present yesterday . Wrestlemania !!!!! Though i never liked WWE before I've come to appreciate it a lot . Watched an awesome fight that made it worth it and saw the guy i really like on there even though he lost . Sadly hey were only a wo hour drive away from here but it was sold out . 
