going to gym ! tryin out a super set routine 

just had a FANTASTIC leg workout but i f*in hate you Dr. T !!! 
had a FANTASTIC chest/lat workout ! sore but thanks Dr. T haha 
OH NO !!!! out of grape kool aid !!!!! 
ugh my head hurts !!! 
really wants it to be friday !!! 
Swimmin ! XD 
going to gym woohoo ! 
i think my toe is broken =\\ 
waiting on the world to change ... 
loved having the Marines come to school today and host the pull up contest haha ! 
damnit < PROPFEMALE > logg back on ! 
45min till i gotta leave 4 school , completely ready , what to do what to do ? 
So stranger to you and me .... epic drummin ... 
just got back from 3hours of Phobia . fun stuff 
Hey CP we still doin Zombieland tonight ? 
Zombieland was AWESOME !!!!! 
Hey peoples !!! busy friday or saturday night ? no your not cuz you should go to Phobia !!!! 
Had an AWESOME night scaring the crap out people @ Phobia ! 
wooohooo got a wisdom toof pulled ! i figure the toothfairy owes me some walkin around money now ! 
oh joy wrestling and rehearsal on the same day ! 
exhausted ! 
first wrestling practice ... fun stuff ! 
possible broken rib >=\\ damn ... 
How do you know you've had a good leg workout ? Your legs collapse after jumping as high as you can . 
one day of finals down , 2 to go ! 
1 more day till break ! 
whew i love the tingles from beta-alanine !!! 
winter break bout time ! 
\Here Jaison take the socks ... ya know what forget it nevermind . \ " ( socks enter fire ) " 
My , my < PROPFEMALE > must have come early this year cuz your @ the top of my Christmas list . So lemme ask you , are you naughty or nice ? ;) 
Lol i love New Years Day @ the gym .... all the people who made new years resolutions , waiting several mintues to get on that one particular machine , and standing in a mob of sweaty people . Ah yes good times ... good times 
back from the gym , time for some snoozin ! 
Tried a new leg workout tonight ...... one of the HARDEST things i have ever done !!! 
Good morning world . remind me not to take a zero hour next year !!! 
gonna start cruzin towards my snoozin . Night world 
ugh fb lagg ........ 
Back from gym ..... goin to .... ZzZzZzZzzz 
It's Doppelgänger week on Facebook ; change your profile picture to someone famous ( actor , musician , athlete , etc . ) you have been told you look like . After you update your profile with your twin or switched at birth photo then cut/paste this to your status . \ " , 201 0-0 2-01 23:22:55 " 
SAINTS !!! 
Keep your hands off my momma ! Keeps your hands off my Doritos ! 
back from gym time for homework woohoo =D 
no school till 12 tomorrow woohoo ! what to do ? 
I gots a new puppy !!! 
G'night world . Peace 
Good workout . 
Summer , I think this is the beginning of a beautiful friendship ... 
So I go to the community pool for some cardio and there are some kids doin the nasties in the water . 
So why is it every time you wash your car , the clouds always come out the next day ? 
”We are limited by the company we surround ourselves with . They will either lift us up or drag us down . ” 
Its interesting how you tell a lot about a person by the groceries they buy . 
OMG I LOVE SUSHI TAG !!! great party < PROPFEMALE > 
Why can't we all be like children ? When we are kids , we trust and love everything and everyone . We can be best friends with someone only after meeting them five mintues earlier . But as we grow older this beauty slowly fades away . Why must there always be someone to step on or take advantage of us ? Why can't we all be like children ? 
there's a homeless man by the ATM asking for money ... well played homeless man , well played . 
I finally got my Y membership again !!!!!! 
Happy Turkey Day Everybody ! 
< PROPMALE > n Cheese !!! XD 
Seeing peacocks at the gym always make my day betterXD 
younger brother decided he wanted to wear a pair my shoes ... I find em hidden w a tear in the canvas =| wth ... 
Glow in the Dark Tape = Best tech day ever !!! 
Just saw one of those homemade unicorn sweaters ... I thought those only existed in the movies 
If your car was a transformer , what kind of personality would it have ??? 
I love Costco ! Tomales , mini pizzas , and 2 kinds of hot wings !!! oh boy oh boy 
Way to close the gym w/out notice YMCA !!! thanks for throwing off my schedule !!!! 
Green Hornet was BOMB ! 
I would like to thank everyone for all the Birthday wishes !!! They're much appreciated ! Love you guys =D 
I love jalyn wheatley :)))))))))))) y )))) 
( Playing Taboo ) \That guy who jacks off the elephant in that one joke ... who is that guy ? \ " ...... answer : Uncle ... Nice Reni ! " 
So thankful for the good samaritan who took his time to help me push my ghia to the gas station ! Thanks and god bless 
