under the weather 

a lot of homework that i waited until the last minute to do . typical . 
sun burrrrnnt , beached out , afternoon naptime now , wooo love being a bum . 
i'm still holding onto little boxes on the hillside . 
android conundrum 
funky buddha love tonight 
publix subs , mmm 
GOT A JOB WOOOOOOOOOOO !!! 
is up early ... 
craaazy night . good friends , what would i do with out them 
mmm , burgers . lazy sundays i love you 
i hate when my cell phone dies mid-call but then takes at least 5 minutes to ' charge ' before i can make a call . bberry fail . 
nap , dreams 
rollin with the bEst tonight 
mstrkrft at LIV 
sleep for days 
is feeling blue . 
4th of july is officially a new favorite holiday . so much fun today/night ! 
wooo ! lovin her new job ! 
Artwalk in miami tonight , then Culture Room for a show ... and then partying in ft laudy afterwards ... JOIN IN ON THE FUN ! 
beachhhin it . 
what a weekend .... getting some sleep , finally . goodnight . 
goood morning ! today is gonna be a productive day ... 
thinks it's ridiculous that Cat Power tickets are $25 . WE BE IN A RECESSION Y'ALL . 
oww , fml 
put me in your blue skies , or put in me in your grey ... there's got to be some way . 
nice night for a walk around the neighborhood . 
goodbye spring harbor 
judgment day ... accounting 2 exam tonight 
saw funny people tonight and really liked it . 
just had a moment ... saw something i can't unsee . 
goood morning ! fridays are awesome 
the mailman brings love from far away and suddenly today is the best day 
the little things , you learn to appreciate them . 
crushin ' hard 
met her match 
excited for tonight !! 
I'm on a boat 
it's so hot i forget to breathe 
squeeeal ;; mini getaway this weekend 
on my A game tonight ... I got this . 
mmm < PROPFEMALE > good 
has a break from noon til two ... lets meet up ! 
all this death must need a counterweight 
Work at Abercrombie&Fitch until 3 . Then artwalk later tonight . 
miami tonight , artwalk & festivities 
Skream & Benga tonight at White Room , so excited !! 
bored to death looks promising .. come onnnn 930 . 
beach dayyyy , hope it doesn't rain 
It's a new year for Asian Student Union ( ASU ) at FAU . 
What's going on tonight/this weekend ? 
Zombieland was so badass . 
gardens mall today , then miami tonight 
Artwalk !! 
lazy sundays are the best 
thriving on constant change , feeling alive today !! 
what's good tonight ? 
Boardriders tonight , come out ! 
Three exams next week , studying all weekend ... 
perfect weather tonight 
sunday night tv 
there is such thing as too much coffee .... !!! 
some bitches be hatin and tryna sabotage me , well it aint gonna happen on my watch ! hate all you want ho , you aint BRINGIN ME DOWN ! 
exams in the a . m .... cannot wait to sleep in this weekend . 
rain , hookah , wine , & friends tellin stories on the patio . happy thursday 
what's going on tonight/this weekend ? 
homecoming tonight ... my first EVER . 
< PROPMALE > show in ftl today , hope it doesnt rain 
had a great day today ! 
never been busier , or happier , or felt more alive !! 
tailgating !! 
had a great time last night :) 
CURB SO GOOD TONIGHT ! < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > an asshole and a swan killer 
turning 21 in a few days ... can't wait !! 
SUCCESSSSSSSS ! 
thank you , thank you all for the birthday wishes ! To all of my friends , there will be a little celebration at Yokohama tonight at 8 ... you are invited ! Come have some drinks with me . We are going out afterwards as well so lemme know if you're gonna show .... :D 
had such a great time last night ! totally and completely < PROPMALE > over today ........ 21st birthday successful 
enjoying a sunday buzz ... before it's ruined by all the homework i must do . 
midnight mcdonalds run ....... 
has a lot to look forward to ! 
sunday zen 
SO JEALOUS ... WISHIN I WAS AT CUDI & SANTIGOLD TONIGHT . 
WOOOO PAYDAY HELL YEA 
wants to do something fun tonight ! 
two more chapters to go and it's already 2am .. I can't wait until winter break !!! 
woooooo super happy 
almost done , not giving up .... only two more weeks !! 
Last ASU - Asian Student Union meeting of the semester today . 5pm in Sago Palm . We have cupcakes , you know you wanna 
< PROPMALE > basel weekend ! 
2012 ... you best believe i'll be on that boat so who's coming with me 
had an amazing time with the crew tonight at < PROPMALE > basel ... lost track of space&time ... another dimension ... 
has really good friends :) 
DONE WITH SCHOOL !!!!!! Hellloo good times ... 
goin to the christmas parade and trying to get a group of people together 
Come join Headstrong Media Group at The Broward County & South Florida Business to Business Expo today . 2400 Civic Center Place , Miramar , FL 33025 . 4p-9p . Better Marketing Starts Here . 
had a blast last night ... can't wait for tonights party ! 
best night ever , <3 ASU - Asian Student Union 
chick flicks and ice cream in my pjs , i love sundays 
i got stars in my beard and i feel a little weird for you , oh take me 
perfect day for the beach , come chill 
earth wind and fire ... say do you remember ? dancing in september ... never was a cloudy day 
moving on ! 
ch ch changes ! 
very productive day , getting things done in 2010 
late night movie ... had a good time tonight . 
had a GREAT time tonight ! 
hello spring semester ... 
earthquake in haiti ... polar shift is happening ... 
I need help creating a logo ... someone please help me !! 
wants to go see Book of < PROPMALE > tonight ... 
i need a job 
shawty's like a < PROPFEMALE > in my head ... 
i dont have time for cat-and-mouse games . 
at the library 
just got home .. what a long day 
First Meeting of Spring 2010 
at the library doing hw ....... gonna be a late night 
midnight mcdonald's run 
wooo ! it's friday ! helloo weekend .... 
great night , great company ......... now zZzZz 
craving some chipotle ... 
indian food ... 
just now tuning into LOST season premier .. someone PLEEEEASE fill me in on what happened up until now ...... 
Great season premier of LOST tonight ... can't wait for next weeks episode .... LOST watching party anybody ? 
yawn . 
Excited for tonight , < PROPFIRST > McInnis's 21st birthday !! Congrats girl .. we are going to party it up tonight .. muahh <3 
wow , what a night . 
loves the new facebook homepage ! 
desperately needs a weekend job ......... 
i hope you realize that your time is ticking ... 
PLEASE RSVP !!! Lunar New Year Festival 
HAPPY NEW YEAR EVERYBODY !! 
going home tomorrow .... gonna miss the snow ... but cant wait for a < PROPFEMALE > day at the beach !! 
happy :) 
i wish the only thing i have to do today is enjoy the gorgeous weather . 
two massive earthquakes just happened today : 7.0 on japan coast and 8.8 in chile just hours ago . casualties unknown due to power outage . scientists are predicting huge tsunamis soon 
wtf is going on with the weather 
fantastic night with the bff <3 
international business midterm in 10 minutes ...... 
finally spring break is here ... Hellooo good times ! 
amazing night !! 
gotta take advantage of this b-e-a-utiful day outside 
you're just a politician trying to save both your faces . 
Rollerskating tonight old school style !! Intoxisk8 at Goldcoast at 9pm ... Everybody should come out ! ( there is a bar there too ) 
everybody should use turbo tax 
it's a < PROPFEMALE > jones kind of day 
i work with avid < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > fans ........... awesome 
off work early .... wanna go to the beach .... someone come with me !! 
today was the worst day ever ... murphys law kicked my butt 
sundays are for getting your shit together bc the whole weekend you were doing nothing 
needs help in illustrator !!! any one have 10 minutes to spare ? 
i reeeallly dont give a fuck anymore 
woke up with a fever ... with a full day of work ahead and an accounting exam at 5:30 . 
i <3 direct tv 
cooking lessons and life talks with mom ... i love sundays <3 
you pretend to be my friend but i really know what you're up to ... better watch your back girl . 
last class of the day 7-10 ... wednesdays are so long ..... blah 
bombay cafe for lunch ... 
OMG I CANT WAIT FOR DAYGLOW WITH MY CREW !!! gonna be so much fun :D 
it's friday ! whats goin on this weekend 
fantastic weekend .... now back to studying . 
fresh squeezed orange juice and cooking with mom <3 
fantastic night with the ASU - Asian Student Union crew at banquet and yokohama , had a great time last night ! :D 
today was a long day ... 
loooves my new job ! 
can't wait for tonight ..... muahahahahh :D <3 
qmb all day , time for some fun 
i can see clearly now , the rain is gone 
taking the day off work to study for my last exam .... by the pool with a beer . living the good life ! :) 
so .... Who's celebrating Cinco de Mayo tonight ?! 
do what comes naturally , i dont care i just wanna be free 
omgggg asssiannnnsssss ASU game night everybodaays drunkk 
< PROPFEMALE>'s chicken heaven for lunch ... now i have the itis ... 
fake it til you make it 
i hate my life monday through wednesday . 
firday pay day !! got off work early , off to the beach and then the mall .... woo ! 
Opa !! 
i had the best weekend eveR with my boyfriend and friends !!! 
cuban cafe for lunch ... ay carrramba 
who needs a job ? ( must like paperwork ... ) 
everything looks perfect from far away -- but it's not . 
i need a green scantron !! test in 1 hour .... 
Some think that it’s holding on that makes one strong ; sometimes it’s letting go . 
i need someone handy to help me put up some shelves in my room 
burgers , chicken wings , and beer in the backyard 
Looking for someone who can type fast to do data entry ... start immediately .. msg or call me 
craving some sweets 
sugar overload 
i really want the new iphone 4 
it's hard to make the good things last . 
where can i go to get some good korean food ?? 
the worst part is over , now onto brighter days 
It's friiiiday finally 
The future is back ! Excited for the new futurama premier tonight 
How do I send a mass text on the iPhone ??? Ps I got a new number 
i love the T PAIN APP ! 
sometimes you get so caught up in one thing that you forget about all the other interesting things in life ! 
Seriously craving chipotle right now .... It's been a month 
Had a wonderful weekend ! 
These huge swarms of gnats are ridiculous ! And annoying 
davie campus library closes at 10 ?! wtf why so early 
just got back from yoga class at fau ... feeling energized and balanced ! 
hsbc has the highest apy for savings accounts ... everybody should get one 
orajel is amazing .. except it only lasts for 5 minutes . 
looking forward to this weekend 
Somehow $160 cash just disappears from my wallet .... Great way to start the weekend 
the cleaning ladies are here , and they are like the scubbing bubbles 
omg i love cuban coffay 
would like to meet a water sign with an air sign < PROPFEMALE > ..... sigh , is that too much to ask universe ? 
Sometimes I forget but tonight , I'm reminded that I'm young and I love to be young . I'm free and I love to be free . To live my life the way I want , to say and do whatever I please ! 
I got a raise !!!! Woooohooo I love my job 
Wow what a day .... And it's not even noon yet :) 
i just hopped on the express train to creepsville . 
is done with summer classes ... FINALLY ! 
Got the best deal on a pair of PRADA prescription frames and lenses at Looking Sharp in Boca .... 75% off of mall and lenacrafters price !! 
Has been playing RISK on the iPhone for the last 2 hours ...... 
left my phone at home today ....... 
lost my ID and cant go out ........................ 
Interpol on Saturday at the Filmore ..... 
Drivin a < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
BASS ... dubstep at boardriders tonight , come if you wanna dance 
Wants to see the last exorcism tonight 
jelly donut and coffee coolatta w an extra shot ... the only way i can get through operations mgmt tonight . gotta love those night classes 
Drunkkkk 
Excellent just excelllllennnttt 
Dear iPhone , please stop spellchecking all of my rude words into nice words . You piece of shut . Can't . \ 
\ 
Sincerely , Every iPhone user 
Reggae show at pickle ... Phone is gonna die goodnight fcebook 
chill day at work .. can't wait for Weeds tonight ... 
Any < PROPMALE > fans going to see him play Oct 6 ? 
totally crushin ' 
Doing homework on a Saturday night ... this is a new thing for me . 
\I would like to one day have the luxury of taking a year long sabbatical . \"" 
Ordering Vietnamese food for the whole office today .. it's gonna be a FEAST . 
four lokos .... the night has already started ... excellent 
Loveeeee ladies night 
can't wait to see Hakubun Komatsu tonight to say our temporary goodbyes . I will miss you , your impeccable taste in music , your Stifler ways , and your Japanese accent . This is not the end my friend . 
Attention everyone who has my number in their phone : text me so that I can save yours in mine . 
SAW triple feature on SyFy .... gotta love doin nothin ' on saturdays . 
one crisis at a time 
lets make like shepherds and get the flock out of here 
dont rock the boat . light the bitch on fire then swim like hell . 
cleaning out my closet 
kik : lushuz 
Thanks for the birthday wishes ... keep em coming ;) See you guys tonight ! 
Had an amazing time last night !! 
Great migrations on Natl Geographic 
I <3 you Miami 
Cash is < PROPMALE > 
lovin my new MacBook !! 
peppermint mocha season is here 
just registered for Spring classes .... Can't wait to graduate !!! 
< PROPMALE > Potter was so good . I can't believe it's gonna be another year until the last movie comes out . 
god is peeking through the blinds .. and we're all here standing naked taking guesses at the actual date and time . 
the trees here are on fire 
free wifi and XM radio on the flight back home ... sweet 
business in the front , party in the back 
digging the new profile layout ! 
My jackets so thin I might as well not be wearing a jacket 
Extra whip cream 
The best gift ideas ... always come from skymall 
Venti Caramel Brulée ... So freakin delicious 
fuck work ... mimosas on the beach 
Best company party , ever 
En route to New Orleans . 
I can't wait for 2011 ... 
home sweet home 
Ugh there's always a long ass line at Chipotle 
it's Friday !!! WOOOHOOOO 
is the last person to catch on to < PROPMALE > , but dammit it is so good . 
i need to bring my study habits back from the dead 
Everyone stop freaking out . Your sign hasn't changed , it doesnt affect anyone born before 2009 . 
Passport can't come soon enough .... 
app store , you're killing my bank account . 
had a great time tonight 
Is there such thing as a great tasting protein bar ? 
Does any one know what time the south Florida fair closes ? 
sometimes life takes you by surprise <3 
looking for a web designer/developer to hire for a gig in Boca . simple websites and driving traffic . msg me 
Nice quiet TET tonight , Spent quality time with the fam & got my phone back w a side of lobster . have a feeling this is gonna be a great year :) 
i fucking love my life 
En route to key west with the company , can't wait to get there 
Feeling totally rested even though I get an average 5 hours sleep a night ..... Sleep Cycle app really works . Try it , my sleep deprived friends . 
ugh does ANYONE want to go to get food with me after class ?? 
Baby baby baby oooh 
Sleeping in on Fridays 
Well hello full < PROPFEMALE > 
got the 2:30 feeling 
i'm fired up and about to wreck your shit 
Spring break can't come soon enough 
eh , whatever 
Can't STAND iPhone autocorrect typos anymore !! Missing the satisfaction of banging out an email or text message with a REAL keyboard .... any suggestions for a different phone ?? 
< PROPFEMALE > Paltrow should never sing in public ever again . 
i love slow jamz 
Gas prices making all you turtles drive even slower today .. Hurry up ppl !!! 
You should be honored by my lateness , that i would even show up to this fake shit 
Waka flaka flame ... Is fucking retarded 
www.livethesheendream.com 
Almost missed my flight - en route to the Bahamas !!!! 
Betchin ' 
Yeezy taught me 
En route to Atlanta ... Left my wallet back in Gainesville .. Fuuuhhhhhh 
Finally home after a whirlwind Spring Break ... First in the Bahamas with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > , < PROPMALE > Oria & Tommer Berg . Island life FTW . Then road trip to Atlanta with Cuong Kamikaze , Nikola Najdovski , & < PROPFIRST > Torsiello . Shout out to our gracious host in Atlanta < PROPFIRST > Lo . Amazing time and great memories !! 
Chaos at work two days in a row ... After the smoke clears I'm the last one standing , it's a miracle 
i need a haircut . 
Coffee maker-extraordinaire at Dunkin Donuts gave me an extra shot and some munchkins ... FOR FREE ! 
Got to my car just in time and avoided a parking ticket . 
Damage Control 
No sleep til .... my case study is done . 
Front porch in the thunderstorm . Controlled chaos , confused energy . 
ch-ch-ch-changes 
sat down next to a bad ass chick who rides a GSXR 600 
Cant wait to own this semester already 
