one month ... HOME SEASON RETURNS ! Feb 6th , 2010 phillyrollergirls.com 

is packing , getting ready to move ... 
hearts beating , skipping a beat , hands in my pocket , i keep moving my feet ... 
is starting to put the pieces back together ... 
final day ... 
mentally , physically , emotionally strained .... sigh 
just bleh ... 
looking for something to do tomorrow night .... 
is having a house party WEND 16th ! every one is invited ! 
can't wait for home season to start ! phillyrollerderby.com 
recovering from last night ... 
sigh ... lots of snow ... 
tonight i tip my hat and walk away . perhaps tomorrow .... 
strange sounds are just an arrangment , now i have no fear or containment ... 
loves trains ... can't wait to get on one today and head off to de ... 
heading back to philly in the morning ... 
you worry me ... 
where < PROPMALE > thou my roller derby ? :: tear :: 
2010 , i can handle whatever you got for me ... Bring it on 
these shots are for you ... 
somebody has me smiling .... 
can you see me now ? 
holding my breath , waiting to fall 
who doesn't love tacos ... 
we are the shadows that linger in the alleys while you sit at home and waste away ... 
psssaw , who needs sleep !? not i 
the sun is melting me .... 
sew sew sew , no needles in my finger this time . yesssss ..... 
if you only knew ... 
foiled ... again 
i'm trying to find a balance , trying to find a balance .... -atmosphere 
just got done 12 hours of work .... suck , just suck 
the sweet pain of victory ... and < PROPFEMALE > over . WE ARE THE 2010 WARRIOR CUP CHAMPS ! I LOVE MY BUTCHERS ! 
called outta work , sick , going back to bed ... icky 
moving .... so excited .... just me , my mister , and our dog ... 
want some one to play video games with me :( 
sometimes i forget my lungs need air . in and then out ..... sigh 
it takes few words to change the outcome , many to control it ... 
so ... yeah 
maybe this is all a dream ... 
one win down , 2 more to go ! watch 4pm today as philly continues to stop any one in their tracks to a championship win ! derbynewsnetwork.com 
watch philly kill it in the championship bout today at 6pm ! 2 down , one to go ! \ 
derbynewsnetwork.com 
need a ride to practice tonight ... text me if you can help ! 
have a headache , want a drink ... 
stop raining already , need to ride my bike to wawa .... 
ohio roller girls \green\ " team is on a 7 game winning streak . too bad \ 
sorry ohio . no winning streak for you , philly wins . good game ohio !... 
skyland , one more that was in our path of destruction ! dolls win last night ! 
nose is swollen , pulled groin , bruise neck , cut ear and aching body ... i love roller derby ! 
bad headache all day , and now 8 hours of work ... fun stuff 
Today is one of those days . Sigh . 
kill kill kill ! lets go dolls ! 
watch out garden state , the dolls are on their way ! 
sooooo sick ... 
Pay it Forward 2011 : I promise to send something handmade to the\ 
first 5 people who leave a comment here . They must in turn post this and send something they make to the first 5 people who comment on their status . * The rules are that it must be handmade by you and it must be sent to your 5 people sometime in 2011 * 
PHILLY ROLLER GIRLS\ 
DOLLS ' MVP 2010\ 
Antidote\ 
*** thank you dolls so much ! this season you ladies helped me remember why i love this game so much ! your all rad , for real . *** 
usually you just break my heart , this time it feels like you stomped on it . 
where do i go from here ? 
AOCDRNDICG TO RSCHEEARCH AT CMABRIGDE UINERVTISY , IT DSENO'T MTAETR WAHT OERDR THE LTTERES IN A WROD ARE , THE OLNY IPROAMTNT TIHNG IS TAHT THE FRSIT AND LSAT LTTEER BE IN THE RGHIT PCLAE . TIHS IS BCUSEAE THE HUAMN MNID DEOS NOT RAED ERVEY LTETER BY ISTLEF , BUT THE WROD AS A WLOHE . IF YOU CAN RAED TIHS , PSOT IT TO YUOR WLAL . OLNY 55% OF PLEPOE CAN .. 
need a ride to practice tonight , call me if you can help ! 
VEGAN WING BOWL AT THE < PROPFEMALE > TODAY 3PM ! 
need ride to practice tonight , text me if you can help ! thanks 
