i'm drunk ..... damn < PROPFIRST > makes some dayum good long islands .... like i'm 19 again lol 

OMFG ..... Smokers cough woke me up today .... I'm thinking that after 17 years maybe it's time to quit .... I'm serious ..... Okay , now I'm going back to bed . 
just got done helping a friend move . Glad that's over . 
omg .... it's 3 am and it's like 85 degrees in downtown B'more . bleh . glad i have ac in my apt . 
vacation checklist : day one ..... enjoy breakfast snoop dogg style . omelette and gin and juice . off da hizzle . 
off to nyc woot 
Fine again ? Who knows ? 
59 points ..... a very nice start to my parlay . 
there goes my parlay 
omg it finally stopped ! 
..... on the way to over 57.5 :) 
stover missed a 50 yarder ..... so what else is new lol 
omg it just took me 2 hours to get home from work .... guess i'm lucky to have made it in 1 piece . 
jackhammering at 3 am ..... wtf is that about ?????? 
wow .... those white dudes just schooled villanova lol . 
it's grevis time ! 
No water = out of work early . Yay ! 
Yankees suck !!! 
This city is fucking useless . Time to plot my escape again ! 
Wow ! Cricket is selling $20 phones at Lexington Market . 
What's so hard about the notionn of staying home if you're sick . I don't want your fucking germs ! 
Might be taking a position in mortgage dept in Phoenix . Wish me luck . 
Just got out of the dentist's office . This is gonna hurt when the novacaine wears off . 
-is moving to Arizona . It's official . 
Omg my train just got stopped by the freakin swat team . 
Just left work at Hunt Valley for the last time . I will miss you guys ! But tomorrow is the first day of the rest of my life and I can't wait ! 
Sitting next to this rude ass european dude in atlanta airport 
Omg it is effin hot here !!! 
it's almost 10 pm and it's STILL 105 outside lol 
90 degrees at 7 am with a forecast high of 112 today ! 
just found an apt ..... woot ! 
is dealing with circumstances beyond my control keeping me from going to san < PROPMALE > :( 
it's 102 today and it feels cool lol 
it's a cool 95 degrees here in arizona today 
is going to the diamondbacks game today 
wants to thank everyone for the wonderful birthday wishes ! 
nap time 
Partying in Scottsdale with Dru Dominguez 
is finally into my apartment ! 
If it has a cock or wheels it will give you problems . 
So there's this guy on the bus with a fake pair of < PROPMALE > Hardy shades like mine . Too funny ! 
if it has a cock or wheels it will give you problems 
hates to advocate drugs , alcohol , violence or insanity to anyone , but they've always worked for me . - < PROPMALE > S . Thompson 
got my first shipment of stuff ..... finally !!! 
omg it's raining lol 
Omg . Feeling like Baltimore outside right now . Bleh :p 
Omg common sense really is not that common lol . 
Oh happy day . I can fit into my size 34's again !!!! 
Omg I wonder how many calories I burned walking 6 < PROPMALE > today . I'm pooped ! 
OMG !!!! Who saw the < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Old Spice commercial ? The < PROPFEMALE > with rockets in his ass ...... too funny ! I love it !!! 
is beating that ass haha !!! 
came to play ! 
touchdown !!!!!!! 
I don't need you to worry for me cause I'm alright\ 
I don't want you to tell me it's time to come home\ 
I don't care what you say anymore , this is my life\ 
Go ahead with your own life , leave me alone 
just got back from having a root canal ...... ouch 
