Happy New Year !! 

is feeling really really confused 
okay so who can answer me this question ... who was the man who yelled my name rather loudly during the Pride parade ? 
I want a tattoo ... and I am taking suggestions on what it should be 
I woke up this morning after 4hrs a sleep after working a 10 hr shift !! What does that say about my sanity ! 
is struggling and has a messed up shoulder ..... 
my shoulder is healing up and should be fine if no one punches me in the shoulder ! 
relaxing at home on his computer 
sometimes the easiest way to find out an answer is to simply ask ! 
Sleep ?? Whats that ? I have been informed that I can be cloned so that I can do several jobs at my work at once ........ hmm it seems like a great thought sometimes !! 
saw Where the Wild Things Are today and I thought it was wonderful , but than again I like odd movies . 
FACEBOOK EXPERIMENT- If you are reading this , whether we speak often or not , post a comment of your first memory of you and I . When you're finished , post this on your own wall . ( You'll be surprised what people remember about you . ) 
so many things to do so little motivation to do all of them ! 
Who knew that you could have an asthama attack while playing kickball when you havent had one in several years !! 
It is just a great way to start the day wondering why there is a growing puddle of water on your floor as you do dishes and than taking the time to open the cubbard under the sink and have water rushing out at you !! 
For all of you that want to know . My sink is now fixed ! 
OMG I dont know what to do ! I finished the last book in the Twilight Series !! I have nothing to read !! Ok sooo not true , I have a closet full of books to read ! But its just not the same ... LOL 
feels completely numb ... 
Has gotten a lot of sleep the past two days . 
Enjoyed his birthday yesturday and all the cool wishes from his friends !! 
I had an interesting job interview today ... after I got off on the wrong bus stop and had to walk almost 2 < PROPMALE > in the freezing cold to get there ... 
Got a < PROPMALE > to put together one of his Bionicles this weekend . I am saving the big 300 piece one for a cold winter day . Yes I am a nerd and I dont need people telling me that . However , does anyone know where I can get good deals on legos ? 
Is sitting and watching x-files and considering watching Scrubs again . 
is hoping that everyone has a safe and happy new year ! 
Is sitting and relaxing .. 
Today is a double choclate day !! 
I gave myself my own buzzcut for the first time ...... it loooks pretty good for a first time doing my own haircut ... 
Breaking in a new pair of sneakers ....... well not really new , but new to me ... 
I got into a fight with the sidewalk and lost , thus I have a pretty blue cast and lots of room for people to sign their names 
Wants to scream at the unemployment people that their rules are completely stupid 
I got my cast off yesturday and my wrist is now in a brace !! It has fire on it !! 
Is back from visiting family in Texas . 
is feeling blah 
Finished reading a book called The Child Thief ..... all I can say is wow ! 
Watching the movie Crazy Heart .. and loving it for some odd reason . 
I am completely accident prone 
saw the movie A-Team yesturday and really enjoyed it ! 
Is excited for Pride ! 
I should be being productive , but somehow I cant find the motivation . 
Ok so heres the deal I am out of good movies to watch and have no idea what I want to see next so I want everyone on my list to send me movies they think I just must watch ! I would also take votes for good tv shows as I have netflix . 
has learned that his wrist is not quite back to the point where he can play basketball yet . 
isnt sure thow he is feeling today . 
feels too confused 
started to watch season 1 of Angel last night and found it strangely helpful ! Yes I am a geek ! 
swam for 30 minuites today and found muscles he didnt know he had ... 
went to see Predators today and enjoyed every minute of it ! 
is watching Breaking Bad and enjoying the fact that it doesnt require a lot of thinking . 
has a sinus infection , a job interview and a trip to the dentist for fillings all in one day !! 
saw Iron Man II at the Riverview theatre last night ! 
Why is it when it is 90 plus degrees out that my air conditioning decides not to work ? 
is hanging out on Lake Vermillion in Cook Minnesota . Enjoying a little fishing , swimming , and kayacking . 
is now back in the cities from being up north . 
I just want to scream over and over again until I loose my voice ........ is that a problem ... 
Its been a fun weekend for me . I saw The Kids are All Right and if you havent seen it I would really recomend it . I got a book signed from a local author and have just started reading it . I spent some time with my mom , and now I am back in the cities and loving the weather . 
My operating system on my laptop was eaten by a little monster and I thought the computer was gone for good but alas it isnt . 
Sitting on my bed on my laptop after enjoying thanksgiving with my mom and grandma . 
Off to see Berlesque ! I will let everyone know what it is like when I get back . 
I just got back from seeing the movie Burlesque ! It is worth a see if you like movies with a lot of music and dancing . 
Saw the Canadian Tennors today and they were awesome . 
Thanks to everyone who wished me a Happy Birthday yesturday . 
is just thinking 
is having a good week on the job front . I had a job interview on the phone on Wednesday and am about to head off to another job interview today . 
learned a very important lesson : When you go to an interview and have to do an application , you should remember the title of the position you are applying for so you can put it on the application , it does start things out kind of crazy when you dont . Its also a semi bad sign that five minutes after you left the interview you have forgotten 2 out of the 3 names of the people who interviewed you ... 
Happy Holidays !! I hope everyone has a fun and safe holiday . 
Saw Tron today and enjoyed it 
is thinking about what he wants to do in 2011 .... 
wonders why it is that people say one thing and do another .... It might be painful to hear the truth but it is much less painful in my oppinion to know the truth rather than be lied to and be confused . 
check out the note I wrote about how my day is going that accidently got posted twice . Its worth a read . 
wonders why it is that every time he has an interview he is excited about it either rains or is very very cold out . 
I am good ! I waited until after my interview to slip and fall on the ice !! Hey at least I was nice and clean during the interview . 
is trying to figure out if he wants to trade his ps 2 in for a ps 3 or if he wants to get an xbox 360 . I would like any input anyone has . 
had fun at Wine and Wisdom tonight but wishes it hadnt been so loud ... 
went to a very awesome class at the workforce center on interviewing skills . 
has been watching a lot of movies this week so far . I saw The Rite on Sunday and thought it was pretty good . 
saw Black Swan today and is not sure what to think about it . 
