Time to change < PROPFIRST>'s 2nd poopy diaper of the day ... being a mom is sooo awesome ! 

Germany is still in the World Cup - yay ! 
Relaxing with my kids , watching \Milo and Otis \"" 
What's the closest place to the middle of nowhere ? That's where I want to move right now . 
I can't believe Brazil lost !!! 
Going to Oak's Park for rides and fireworks with the kids ! Happy 4th of July ! 
Who is going to be my 100th friend ? 
It's not supposed to be this cloudy in July ! 
A nice relaxing day ... 
Lord you keep me alive , you give me rest at night\ 
When there seems no way to find calmness in the storm you come and\ 
take me in your arms and then the waves drown me no more\ 
With you I'll last this battle and many others 
< PROPFIRST > is going back to the eye doctor today - he might end up getting little glasses . 
< PROPFIRST > is getting glasses !!! I'm trying to picture what he'll look like :) 
hates comparing car insurance 
Why does egg salad taste sooo good , but smell sooo bad ? It's just wrong . 
Picked out < PROPFIRST>'s glasses this morning ... he's going to look sooo cute !! We have to wait 10 days to get them , though ... 
DEQ sucks - my car is a 2004 and runs great , but it still didn't pass ! 
is wondering why the best tasting food is the worst for your health . When will there be healthy food that tastes like chocolate ? 
Can't wait for the next season of < PROPMALE > to start !! So excited I can actually watch TV again :) 
Taking < PROPFIRST > to his first dentist appointment :) 
So excited - I just baked something sans recipe and it turned out soooo yummy . I need to start cooking more ! 
If you are a fan of good independent films , rent \Happy Tears . \ " It's one of my new top 10 favorite movies . " 
< PROPFEMALE > starts AWANA tonight ! Hoping she loves it :) 
Thanks for all the happy birthdays !! 
I'm going to be an aunt in 17 hours !!!! 
What is this Profile Creeps thing that keeps posting ? It won't let me delete the posts and it looks like it got sent to everyone ... Sorry !!!! 
If you need a good laugh , go to peopleofwalmart.com 
I just spent 4 hours transferring hundreds of pictures from my camera to the computer to burn onto a CD . So glad that project is done . Now I need to start uploading my albums to FB ! 
