Blessed be the Lord my strength , which teacheth my hands to war and my fingers to fight . Psalms 144:1 

He only is my rock and my salvation : he is my defense ; I shall not be moved 
I will search for the lost and bring back the strays . I will bind up the injured and strengthen the weak , but the sleek and the strong I will destroy . I will shepherd the flock with justice . < PROPMALE > 34:16 
A fool shows his annoyance at once , but a prudent man overlooks an insult 
Answer a fool according to his folly , or he will be wise in his own eyes 
Trust in the Lord with all your heart ; and don't < PROPFEMALE > on your own understanding . In all things acknowledge him , and he shall direct your way . [ Proverbs 3:5 , 6 ] 
Even though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death , I will fear no evil , for you are with me ; your < PROPMALE > and your staff , they comfort me 
“Ask , and it shall be given you ; seek ; and you shall find ; knock and it shall be opened unto you . For every one that asketh receiveth ; and he that seeketh findeth ; and to him that knocketh it shall be opened . [ Matthew 7:7 -8 ] . ” 
“For God so loved the world , that he gave his only begotten Son , that whosoever believeth in him should not perish , but have everlasting life ( Bible 3:16 ) . ” 
Confucius say , wise man no play leapfrog with unicorn 
For those with faith , no explanation is necessary . For those without faith , no explanation is possible . 
\Friends always show their love . What are brothers for if not to share troubles ? \"- Proverbs 17:17 " 
“Those who hate me without reason outnumber the hairs of my head ; many are my enemies without cause , those who seek to destroy me” 
With guns we are Citizens . Without them we are Subjects . 
The LORD is my light and my salvation ; whom shall I fear ? the LORD is the strength of my life ; of whom shall I be afraid ? ( Psalm 27:1 ) 
To secure ourselves against defeat lies in our own hands , but the opportunity of defeating the enemy is provided by the enemy himself . 
“Work hard and become a leader ; be lazy and never succeed . ( Proverbs 12:24 )” 
Got his braces off . Scrumdiddliumptuous 
My goodness , and my fortress ; my high tower , and my deliverer ; my shield , and he in whom I trust ; who subdueth my people under me . ( Psalms 144:2 ) 
That's when she said I don't hate you boy I just want to save you while there's still something left to save That's when I told her I love you girl But I'm not the answer to the questions that you still have 
Guys , I'm going once again on that arduous journey back through the government educational facilities . I know not the length or intensity of the education ( or re-education ) I will experience this year , but I do know this : my Government class is about to be dominated by my Radical Rightwing Extremism 
“A fool shows his annoyance at once , but a prudent man overlooks an insult” “Destruction cometh ; and they shall seek peace , and there shall be none . ” Take that , Sir . 
I am ashamed . I am human . 
Except for ending slavery , fascism , Nazism and Communism War has never solved anything 
Except for ending slavery , fascism , Nazism and Communism , War has never solved anything 
Absolute power corrupts absolutely . 
Blessed be the lord my strength , which teacheth my hands to war and my fingers to fight . Psalms 144:1 
You call me strong , you call me weak , but still your secrets I will keep . You took for granted all the times I never let you down . You stumbled in and bumped your head , if not for me then you'd be dead . I picked you up and put you back on solid ground . 
You know when you wake up , but you aren't ready to wake up yet and your eyes burn ? Yeah , I feel like I have HSO4 on my retinas lmao 
The most important thought that ever occupied my mind is that of my individual responsibility to God . 
Spanish music can be pretty good . Si te vas - < PROPFEMALE > 
And being found in appearance as a man , he humbled himself and became obedient to death—even death on a cross ! Therefore God exalted him to the highest place and gave him the name that is above every name ( Philippians 2:9 -10 ) 
WHYYY AM I AWAAAAAKE ?! 
Dude , I am so cool . God does good work , lemme tell ya :) Friday = day to rock out 
“You cannot simultaneously prevent and prepare for war . ” 
A hero is no braver than an ordinary man , but he is brave five minutes longer . - < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
War is an ugly thing , but not the ugliest of things . The decayed and degraded state of moral and patriotic feeling which thinks that nothing is worth war is much worse . The person who has nothing for which he is willing to fight , nothing which is more important than his own personal safety , is a miserable creature and has no < PROPMALE > of being free unless made and kept so by the exertions of better men than himself . 
As long as there are tests , there will be prayer in schools . Teehee , school joke . Get it ? Get it ? Ugh , fine , im going to my mandated government run re-education now . 
Who is this uncircumcised Philistine that he should defy the armies of the Living God ? Geez < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > was such a beast . 
Who is this uncircumcised philistine that he should defy the armies of the Living God ? 
You can only find truth with logic if you have already found it without it 
MY INTERNET WORKS AGAIN , MWAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA ! Oh the havoc that tech-guy has just brought the world . 
I'm listening to < PROPFIRST > Swift ..... I'm not okay with the fact that I'm enjoying her music . 
http://www.liveleak.com/view?i=fb1_1254077314 Future voters . 
I think in a perfect world , my ideology would be completely liberal . I'd more than likely vote democrat too . Needless to say I'm a radical right wing extremist 
Stand against the devil , and the devil will run from you - < PROPFIRST > 4:7 
Off to get ready for another day of indoctrination 
Just kidding . Indoctrination will have to wait . MRSA/Spider bites have other plans .. 
We give you peace .. or war . Choose . It matters not to Rome . 
Sometimes you just really want to punch someone in the face . 
Sometimes you wake up at 3:30 in the morning and still want to punch someone in the face . 
Sometimes , when you really want to punch someone in the face , God sends you everything you've ever thought was possible and heals someone else in the process . Good day . 
I love < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > Beckman with all of my heart , and I\ll do whatever I can to make sure she knows it " 
I think its bad when you feel like your whole life has changed because you realize you'd pick an AR10 over an M14/M21 . 
Hey , everyone on facebook , I love you 
You know what bothers me more than being forced to go to school ? The fact that I am expected to appreciate it . Lame Lame Lame . 
\The urge to save humanity is almost always a false front for the urge to rule . \ " * sigh * schooooool tiiiiiiiiime . " 
For unto whomsoever much is given , of him shall be much required : and to whom men have committed much , of him they will ask the more . < PROPMALE > 12:48 
pretty disturbing dreams last night ... 
Misses his baby =/ 
School . The place where the government has bestowed upon me every moral , value , and ethic along with every ounce of knowledge I have . saaarcaaaasm 
Seems like everyone in my life is harshing my mellow . People need to caaaaalm down . 
is hoping he can get done with all of the work he was given on his day off ... 
Maybe sometimes , it's success that destroys your life . Still deciding if this is a man period day . 
The ignorant man opens his mouth at diversity , but the foolish man closes his eyes to adversity . Tired of crooked party politics . 
Moral of Live Free and Die Hard : Atleast one detective from each division should be trained in the destructive capabilities of a fire extinguisher , and be capable of leaping through a firey explosion from the exterior of a crashing F-35B 
Today , < PROPFEMALE > becomes the first communist nation to claim the title of democratic republic ! WHOO ! 
Hewwo Shoichisan . You lika da egwwoll ? I have a bery lauge piece ov dental fwoss fo you ! Supwise !!! 
Errrr , hi ! 
Time flies when you are having fun . Kind of sucks , and yet , so cool all at the same time . 
I've been awake for like 30 hours .... huh . 
So Pirates of the Caribbean music was created to make EVERY person that listens to it sound it out * music comes on * \DUN dun dun dun dun DUN DUN DUN dun dun dun DUN DUN DUN DUN DUN DUN dun dun \"" 
Just beat Dragon Age . So freakin cool . 
Should I join the Air National Guard during college ? Gimme your thoughts . ( Except you < PROPFIRST > , I know you want me to join the marines ) 
Why is it so friggin cold ?!?!?! 
Thanks for the Happy Birthdays everybody :) 
I AM SO TIRED . SOMEONE PUT ME TO SLEEP . 
God specializes in things thought impossible 
Voy a la escuela .... :( 
XBL Gamertag- JustcallmeSIR Add meh 
If vegetarians eat veggies ... what do humanitarians eat ? 
I want to smash someone's face in . 
the ????? ???????? ????????? ??????? is hardass 
No weapon formed against me will prosper 
Why do I have to go to school ? :( 
Just unlocked Carthage in Rome : Total War .... tehehe , elephants stampeding Rome anyone ?? 
To all those in the outside world that care , I am alive 
Going out to breakfast with my woman :) 
I notice that everyone who is pro-abortion has already been born ... 
Veni , vidi , vici . Take that Pontus . 
God help me , I think some people need broken noses 
As someone who is largely a conservative w/ liberterian values , I am pretty positive that < PROPMALE > O'Reilly is an idiot 
So , we rented a second copy of Badcompany 2 so that we could play at the same time .. I basically nudge < PROPMALE > , who the nudges the tip of the rightside up xbox by accident , which then tips ever so gently onto its side , and proceeds to destroy a perfectly good 60 dollar disc . Lol 
Let your fear motivate you , don't let it get you down . You've got to get up , hold your head up high . Maybe the only < PROPMALE > we've got for us to save the day , no time to doubt it now before it gets too late . 
I think it is bad that I feel that Paramore is one of the better bands of this generation . Rise Against is probably one step ahead of them .. maybe . 
Blue Man Group = Awesome 
For some reason , I feel like the day of silence stuff does very little to contribute to open-mindedness about homosexuality . Though I will say that it is significantly less annoying than being told what to believe . 
Ritalin ( Methylphenidate ) = New-age Chemical Lobotomy 
Though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death , I shall fear no evil for thou < PROPMALE > with me . 
Goin out to get mah edumacation 
As a man , I will be confronted by Evil time and again . As a man of God , it will be defeated time and again . 
Craziest friggin dream last night . Totally had some serious inner meaning , symbollism on levels that I can barely even comprehend . And yet , I remember none of it . 
I don't know if having blood taken makes you tired , but it was only a little vial , and I am freaking exhausted =P 
http://www.reclaimingthemind.org/blog/2007/06/what-does-it-really-mean-to-take-the-lords-name-in-vein/ 
Ridiculousness is running rampant it seems 
Tonight = prom with < PROPFIRST > :) 
Hasn't gone to sleep yet lmao 
I hate being confused . Particularly being confused about people , its troubling 
I do believe I have transformed from curious philosopher to legally insane . That may be counterproductive to my goal of taking over the world ... or perhaps it will aid me . 
Today feels like it'll either be great or complete crap . Lets see how it goes 
lmao , I love how not submitting my success to a public audience and not wanting to celebrate myself a second time means I'm an asshole . 
It's only now that I've been through the whole thing that I realize really just how worthless public schooling was 
My last day of senior year and I'm already getting irritated , this is going to be a rough summer me thinks . 
Mr. Mccollum just called me , apparently he is grading my study guide for correctness because I need THREE QUIZ POINTS to exempt . I need to go in tomorrow and do it over . 
I'd like to say I don't understand people , but I do , and it makes some things all the more saddening . 
I like how often times statuses are used to convey a dramatization of an event in people's lives in an attempt to call out for attention or in the hopes that the offender in the drama is reading it 
Why is it that the people you love make you feel the most powerless ? 
What does everyone think about ending the don't ask don't tell policy ? I didn't really think one way or another in the first place but I'm interested to see the points . I just think it's funny that the < PROPMALE > is called \The Military Readiness Enhancement Act . \"" 
is a highschool graduate :) 
En route :) 
is definitely straight 
I AM RED MIST 
Civilian death toll in Afghanistan has risen 46% since 2008 . Interesting . 
Had a great time with < PROPFIRST > today :) 
Had lots of fun hanging out with his lady friend at the zoo today , then watching movies after . Even if said movie was disturbing =P 
Bad : I got an achievement on Red Dead Redemption for tossing a hogtied woman on train tracks and watching her inevitable doom . \ 
Worse : It didn't occur as a result of any quest line , it was purely extracurricular . \ 
Worst : It was a secret achievement . I had no idea you could get it . \ 
Conclusion : My mental health may need examining . 
Why am I awake ? 
Had a good time at orientation today for Montevallo :) 
Warm yourself by the fire , son , the morning will come soon . I'll tell you stories of a better time , in a place that we once knew . 
Look up Revelation Theory \Hell Yeah\ " pretty good stuff " 
< PROPMALE > - \So what are you doing ? \ " \ 
Dude , there's a weird love-hate relationship between me and nostalgic dreams . On the one hand , they bring up good memories of all of the good friends i've had . On the other hand , they remind me of what is being lost . 
Beat Mass Effect 2 in 2 days . Was probably one of the best video games i've ever played . Ready for The Old Republic . 
Misses his girlfriend 
How quickly things change 
Pretty much not enjoying this feeling 
Your fingers were crossed behind your back before you ever gave me a chance . \ 
But now I have learned , to trust myself and I don’t need anyone else . \ 
No one's here to light the candle . \ 
No one's here to light the way . \ 
It's something I will have to handle\ 
My way 
Mile run in a thunderstorm = lots of fun :) 
I feel like , if society just realized that I'm the main character of this plotline , everything would be fixed . I am the protagonist , I thwart the evil , I get the girl . Game over , right ? 
Okay , mentally fried , check . Time to get physically fried . 
I find banning guns a fairly ridiculous idea to curb crime . While we are at it , lets just go ahead and ban crime . 
Toy Story 3 ? Possibly one of the best movies ever . That movie was perfectly crafted to give me and everyone my age a nostalgia bomb like no other . 
\Water triiiiibe \"" 
Happy independence day peoples ! Gone all day , i'll bbl . 
Pride is not the opposite of Shame , but the source of it . 
< PROPMALE > Roth is officially awake at 2:50 in the morning . No better way to start the day . 
Out doing yardwork . Bbl .... ladies ;) 
Must ... learn ... to riverdance .... 
To everyone on facebook , if I sent you some stupid IM , disregard it , I think I got hacked . 
Good Will Hunting is an amazing movie . 
I like 9/10 things < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > says . I kind of don't even care about the issues ( even though I agree with him on most of them ) , its the fact that despite himself not being in as great a place as other republicans to get elected given his position on those issues , he has maintained his integrity . He'd get my vote I think . 
Baba yetu , yetu , uliye < PROPFEMALE > lako litukuzwe . 
There is a large difference between demanding respect and commanding respect . 
You are a pirate . 
The nights are the most difficult to get through . It's when most of my thinking happens . 
According to Nationmaster.com there were about 9,300 murders with guns last year in the US . Some believe this means we should ban guns . Also according to Nationmaster.com, there were about 95,000 rapes in the US . Anyone up for campaigning against genitalia ? 
Get out of my brain . 
So apparently the amount I work out is directly correlated to the amount of butt I wish to whoop . Kind of negates the idea that working out expends testosterone . RAWR . 
The Book of < PROPMALE > is exactly as I've pictured the Christian faith . In fact I was beginning to write something that went somewhat like the Book of < PROPMALE > because I had thought it had never been done before . Thank God for lateral thinking :) 
CRAP . I'M TRYING TO WRITE THIS BOOK AND I JUST REALIZED HALF THE PAGES I'VE WRITTEN ARE MISSING . It's hard enough switching the old text from first to third person . Now I have to do it by memory lmao . 
Book of < PROPFIRST > = Read . \ 
\ 
Nebuchadnezzar had some ego problems . 
Wow I hate this more than I remember hating it . Time to take out my wrath on my muscles ! Weeee ! 
Not today Zerg . 
There is no emotion , there is peace . \ 
There is no ignorance , there is knowledge . \ 
There is no passion , there is serenity . \ 
There is no chaos , there is harmony . \ 
There is no death , there is the force . 
I just became aware that someone made an account ... as me . Complete with a picture of me . That's weird . Reported . 
Should a person's actions be judged by the result or the intent ? 
Conservatism has the potential of being so narrow minded that it excludes people . Liberalism has the potential of being so open minded that it is incapable of discerning good from bad . Libertarianism has the potential to do nothing when action is necessary . Authoritarianism has the potential to do too much when no action was needed . \ 
God Bless < PROPFEMALE > for having all of ' em :) 
Watching Braveheart makes me want to go to Scotland SO bad . 
Going on a run , hopefully won't come back with crap shinsplints . 
The learning curve for computers is ridiculous O.o 
Just got me a Blackberry Curve . I need < PROPFIRST > people . 
Communion time . Yum yum , din din with the Lord . 
As the Kingdom of Macedonia I've conquered the Greek cities and the Thracians . I have a foothold in the Seleucid empire and I've just gained an armistice with the Illyrians . Now I realize Rome has taken the entirety of the Italian peninsula and that Carthage has all of Northern Africa under its control . Hmm , perhaps it is time for an alliance with the Gauls . 
Ugh . The Media . Nuff said . 
If you eliminate the impossible , whatever remains , however improbable , must be the truth . -Spock :) 
< PROPMALE > Stein is my hero . 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > took his billions of dollars , got ninja training , and put on a bat costume . < PROPFIRST > Stark took his billions of dollars and made a flying suit of death armor that could take an F-22 collision to the back without bruising him . \ 
My best billionaire vote goes to < PROPFIRST > . 
Time to go where no Roth has gone before . Out ... side O.o 
I'm apparently really good at Call of Duty .... What does that say about me ? 
For some reason I've always been girls ' go-to guy about how to deal with crappy boyfriends ... Not that I mind it I guess . \ 
I'm just not sure if its a good thing O.o 
My Kingdom of Macedonia has been at war with the Ptolemaic Empire , Seleucid Empire , the Illyrians and the Republic of Carthage for years . The first group to take one of my cities ? Rebels that I underestimated . Typical . 
Waking up with sudden and immense pain ? Check . Cooooool beaaans . 
\We have to go to war . \ " \ " Why ? \ " \ " I can't say . \ " \ " Well then why would I -\" \ " Just ... trust me . \ " \ 
weird empty feeling . Not a big fan . 
I'M A LEAD FARMER MOTHER F ----- ! \ 
- < PROPFIRST > Downey Jr. 
Roar . 
Know this , my beloved brothers : let every person be quick to\ 
hear , slow to speak , slow to anger ; for the anger of man does not\ 
produce the righteousness that God requires . 
Ever notice how every time there is a long peace time , european tension escalates ? Thank God for the middle east ( and areas of the 3rd world ) . It's been the European unifier for hundreds of years . 
I sent my main naval fleet with my most prestigious general and my most elite Macedonian legion to Carthage . I took two settlements but they bribed the settlement leaders and took them back then forced me into a retreat despite my many victories . Reminds me of Hannibal . 
If Newt Gingrich gets the republican nomination , he'll be elected , and we'll be in a position just as bad , if not worse , than our position now . I say this because , looking at his policies , he is for big , invasive , government . Not to mention he has a long history of infidelity and his ideas are a crock of crap . He wants to overthrow Iran's government with sanctions on oil and funding a resistance . Iran Contra anyone ? 
He who dwells in the secret place of the most high shall abide under the shadow of the almighty . 
Do you want to spend your whole life jaded ? \ 
Stuck in a rut that you created , \ 
Why don't you break the cycle ? \ 
Let love win . 
I just went 41 and 1 on MW2 using a silenced SCAR-H and scavenger . I win . I wouldn't be surprised if in the next few minutes a UH-60 Blackhawk touched down in my front yard and I'm abducted by the government . 
“My imperfections and failures are as much a blessing from God as my successes and my talents and I lay them both at his feet . ” 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qGUcUuMEXVc\ 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ftw 
I predict that within 2 days we'll be hearing about a big Iranian crater in the earth . 
I like how FOX just said that Obama mentioning the mosque at ground zero made it a national issue rather than a local one . I seem to remember hearing about it a few days before that ... from FOX . Meanwhile , we ignore Iran . 
Thanks to < PROPFIRST > Adams and the Alien and Sedition Acts , the president still has the power to apprehend and deport people from our country if their home country is at war with us . 
... that was a really disturbing dream 
I want to go swimming . 
Getting paid 415 bucks to go to my first semester of college ? Awesome . 
YES ! REPUBLICANS ARE PLEDGING TO BRING US BACK TO 2008 SPENDING ... you know .. when we were only spending crazy amounts of money rather than ridiculous amounts of money . GREAT ! * sarcasm * 
Dude , bless God . Seriously . That omnipotent being is personally steering me somewhere . Divine Intervention ftw . 
Time to drive over to MY UNIVERSITY . Booyah . 
\Anxiety is the dizziness of freedom . \ " -Soren Kierkegaard . " 
I am excited to have today over with 
2 days and college has become abundantly easier . I can dig it 
I am reading excerpts from The Code of Hammurabi and The Book of the Dead right now and analyzing them for my history class . I love this place . 
Islam adheres to the 7 Laws of < PROPMALE > . Thus according to Judaism , muslims are righteous men of God , and are guaranteed a place in Olam Haba ( heaven ) . Also , < PROPMALE > is mentioned more in the Quran than any other prophet . I am forced to conclude that Islam and Christianity are significantly more related than I previously thought . I enjoy this . 
45 minutes until class starts , so facebook and wikipedia for a bit . I love all of you people reading this right now . Yep , I mean you . 
American : I told you , where I come from .. ain't shit for free . \ 
Russian : And where I come from , everything is free .. and it is all shit . \ 
-The only part of Undisputed III worth anything 
That was odd 
So , the series \Avatar : The Last Airbender\ " was amazing . " 
School always finds a way to catch me when I am tired and unprepared =P 
I'd like to point out that Pakistan has been seeing some SERIOUS issues within the past few days . Suicide bombers and all . Also , there was a suicide bombing on a Russian Army firing range . 
WHAT HAS HAPPENED TO MY SLEEP SCHEDULE ?!?!?! 
At school an hour and 30 minutes early today . I need to devise a new plan for tuesdays and thursdays .... 
Hey Muslims , have my back when a crazy dude from the middle east tries to kill me , and I'll have your back when a crazy hick tries to kill you . That is all I ask =P 
Was anybody else disappointed by Sun Tzu's \The < PROPMALE > of War\ " ? Some tidbits were good information but I kind of went in thinking I'd come out a brilliant tactician but it was really more about getting in the right mind frame . " 
I forgot how enjoyable Texas Hold Em really is . 
Anybody feel like going to college in my stead so I can play Halo : Reach for a couple days ? 
Rawr ! 
Right views , right aspirations , right speech , \ 
right behavior , right livelihood , right effort , right thoughts , and right\ 
contemplation = The Eightfold Path 
I wish to play Halo , but its just not the same without my brother . I must go get him at once . 
Hello , would you like a piece of pie ?? 
Just when I think I understand the world and the way it should work , something else comes up and completely shifts my paradigm . 
Homework overflowwwwww 
Here's one example of the utter wrongness of something I tend to be automatically sure of : everything in my own immediate experience supports my deep belief that I am the absolute center of the universe , the realest , most vivid , and important person in existence . - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
Its not a good situation when you realize that your ability to write actually hinders your ability to quickly draft an essay . This rough draft is due tomorrow lmao . Darn you procrastination !!! 
Geographically , the learning curve for Russia and Central < PROPFEMALE > is ridiculous . 
Was today a bit discombobulating for anyone else ? Lots of weird emotions and unnecessary tiredness . 
3 exams in the next 3 days . Lets do this . 
I am not blaming those who are resolved to rule , only those with an even greater readiness to submit . -Thucydides 
Do British people talk with American accents for fun ? 
92 on my Comms exam , no idea what I just got on my Geography exam but hopefully that works out . History exam tomorrow and that is going to get destroyed . 
Sometimes I wish you could judge a book by its cover . 
SPARTANS ! WHAT IS YOUR PROFESSION ?! 
If you are an independent thinker , like this status . 
Since mankind's < PROPFEMALE > , a handful of oppressors have have accepted the responsibility that we should have accepted ourselves . \ 
By doing so , they took our power . \ 
By doing nothing , we gave it away . -V 
Interesting thought . I will build a giant mirror in space 20 light years away . I'll then build a giant telescope to see it with . When light eventually hits the mirror and reflects back to earth , I will be able to see myself 20 years in the past ... or a giant glare . 
Can someone tell me why gold is valuable ? 
Nay , they actually think it tame and stupid to acquire by the sweat of toil what they might win by their blood . -Tacitus on Germania 
So , I have to define myself as either conformist or rebellious in nature . Pretty sure I'm neither ... Or maybe that is me being a rebel . 
As it turns out , Medieval Total War 2 is awesome . I am taking over the holy land . Next in line for conquering ?? THE PAPAL STATE :) 
I re-watched The Scorpion < PROPMALE > , just to realize it was terrible , and I questioned why I liked it other than the fact that The Rock was in it . Then \I Stand Alone\ " by Godsmack played in the credits . Nowww I remember . " 
How did I manage to lose one of my glasses lenses without noticing ? Driving to school should be an adventure tomorrow . 
Its 10/10/10 today . 101010 is 42 in binary code , which is the number of the meaning of life according to the Hitchhikers Guide to the Galaxy :) 
There are experimental cars being made that drive themselves places based on GPS , so you can just chill and get to where you are going . Part of me thinks this is friggin awesome . The other part thinks its a wee bit too convenient for the next hostile take over . I don't want to look up at the road and find myself in a concentration camp O.o 
Greg : \Is this Sanctuary ? \ " \ 
In Hoc Signo Vinces 
Between my rapidly dying sleep cycle and my horrific dreams I'm kinda freaking out . Hopefully school will make me feel better . 
I am prepared to have this week over with :) 
\Earlier this week 
“My imperfections and failures are as much a blessing from God as my successes and my talents and I lay them both at his feet . ” -Gandhi 
That was weird 
OMG ! I should probably log out of the computers in the library ... 
This whole education thing is certainly weighing in to my world domination time . 
You and I wake up\ 
in jail together . Using ONLY four words , what would you say to me ? \ 
( Note : If you comment , you have to copy and paste this into your\ 
status . Be fair , play along . ) Be nice , Nothing too terrible 
Somebody provide me with some type of evidence/argument that persuades me to believe that Jews , Christians , and Muslims don't all worship the same Yahweh . 
It's a great day when a brother returns :) 
My name is Maximus Decimus Meridius , Commander of the armies of the North , General of the < PROPMALE > legions , loyal servant to the true emperor , < PROPMALE > Aurelius . Father to a murdered son , Husband to a murdered wife , and I will have my vengeance - in this life or the next . 
It matters not how strait the gate , \ 
How charged with punishments the scroll , \ 
I am the master of my fate :\ 
I am the captain of my soul . 
For some reason College mondays are slightly worse than High School mondays ... if only because I can't go to sleep in class ... 
I just read an article about how Sea urchins can tolerate acidic waters . I was interested because I thought it was going to end with conclusions about how this could help humanity . Then it concluded with the idea that they'll be more able to adapt to a scenario of Cimate change in which the ocean becomes acidic . I can honestly say I don't care whether or not Sea Urchins make it through climate change . 
Once you've done jump-front kicks the same way , on the same leg your entire life , its kind of a bitch teaching yourself to do it on the other leg . 
Warm yourself by the fire son , and the morning will come soon . \ 
I'll tell you stories of a better time , in a place that we once knew . \ 
Before we packed our bags and left all this behind us in the dust , \ 
we had a place that we could call home , and a life no one could touch . 
Expanded my Kingdom , infiltrated the papacy and launched a Crusade on my enemies , singlehandedly stonewalled the Mongolian hordes , utilized gunpowder and retrofitted war ships and watchtowers with cannons . My kingdom was the only kingdom to maintain the war machine throughout the Plague . Bitches . Don't . Know . 
Flying by seat of pants mode activated * 
My life would be significantly more interesting if I could put the entire thing to a soundtrack 
Through victory my chains are broken . 
The Nation in which I live saddens me . 
The game of keeping what one has is never so exciting as the game of getting . 
I always knew a scenario involving zip ties would solve all of my problems ... 
Man's mind , once stretched by a new idea , never regains its original dimensions . 
Be careful in dealing with a man who cares nothing\ 
for comfort or promotion , but is simply determined to do what he\ 
believes to be right . He is a dangerous uncomfortable enemy , because\ 
his body , which you can always conquer , gives you little purchase upon\ 
his soul . 
Time to listen to epic music . Homework was never so awesome . 
Wow , I just realized I basically wrote an 8 < PROPFEMALE > paper last night . I'm a mental beast . Now to completely map out southern < PROPFEMALE > and all its cities so I can test on it in 2 hours .... 
Happy Veteran's Day to everyone that's served and everyone serving . You guys are badasses 
The funny thing about my world is that I know a lot of people , but only 2 or 3 actually know me . 
“Even though we've changed and we're all finding our own place in the\ 
world , we all know that when the tears fall or the smile spreads across our\ 
face , we'll come to each other because no matter where this crazy world takes\ 
us , nothing will ever change so much to the point where we're not all still\ 
friends . ” 
I want to be Dr. Lightman . Being a Deception Expert must be the coolest thing ever . 
So apparently I don't get stressed when I procrastinate , I get depressed . That's not only weird , but inconvenient 
So I woke up during REM sleep last night . For those of you that have never had that pleasure ... you wake up completely paralyzed from your eyes down and because you are still tripping on Dimethyltryptomine ( powerful brain-drug that makes you dream ) , you hallucinate . It's scary because you think you are being abducted by aliens or something . I'm not a fan . It keeps happening . 
A whole bunch of Muslims completed the Hajj yesterday and everyone around the world celebrated in Eid Al-Adha . That's cool . Christianity/Judaism should do something similar with a pilgrimage to Jerusalem or something . 
Great minds discuss ideas ; Average minds discuss events ; Small minds discuss people 
What is wrong with me ? Is it just the past couple of weeks , or is it a sign of something more ? 
So\ 
shall my word be that goes out from my mouth ; it shall not return to me\ 
empty , but it shall accomplish that which I purpose , and shall succeed\ 
in the thing for which I sent it . < PROPMALE > 55:11 
Egypt actually defends the border between Egypt and < PROPMALE > ... by keeping illegal immigrants from immigrating out of Egypt and into < PROPMALE > . To the little guy trying to get out of egypt , that really sucks , but for some reason I can't help but like the idea that Egypt is trying their darndest to keep good ties with < PROPMALE > . 
Holy crap . Reading an article about inherited monarchies vs elected heads of state . \The difference is that an elected head of state becomes a polarizing rather than unifying figure . \"" 
When the game is over , the < PROPMALE > and the pawn go into the same box . 
<3 
This Thanksgiving I am thankful to God for the path to < PROPFEMALE > he has set me on . He has given me a great family that has supported me my entire life . He's given me friends of many years who have helped cultivate all that I am and some awesome new friends too . I have no idea what His plan is , but this year one thing has become evident , Dominus providebit . 
Skill is when luck becomes a habit 
It is impossible that anything so natural , so necessary , and so universal as death , should ever have been designed by Providence as an evil to mankind . 
People who say they don't care what people think are usually desperate to have people think they don't care what people think . -George Carlin 
Love and Hate are two sides of the same coin and I blame them equally for the state of the world 
Suddenly I'm hitting my old Rock/Metal stride . This is friggin awesome\ 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qG0QQMIdea0 
Hey , to all people that belittled me or my appearance back in the day and are now overweight/failing , I hope you feel better . 
Cause baby , I'm an anarchist and you're a spineless liberal . \ 
We marched together for the 8 hour day and held hands in the streets of Seattle . \ 
But when it came time to throw bricks through that Starbucks window , \ 
you left me all aloone , alllll alooone . -my middle school years 
Você é < PROPFEMALE > - Portuguese\ 
kamu sangat cantik - Malay\ 
tu es < PROPFEMALE > - French\ 
Estas < PROPFEMALE > - Spanish\ 
You are Beautiful - English\ 
I could pick up chicks all over the world :) 
Letting myself be vulnerable is , at times , a very bad idea . 
So is it bad that I was in a terrible mood this morning until I got an email from my school saying they might offer arabic next year and I got excited ? THAT would be interesting 
Life for you's been less than kind , \ 
So take a number , step in line . \ 
We've all been sorry , we've all been hurt , \ 
but how we survive is what makes us who we are . 
I just had an epiphany . Learning is the rawest and most intuitive form of adaptation known to us . Every time you learn something new , your mind is adapting to the environment in some way . We were wonderfully and fearfully made . 
There are days when I love my current situation . Then there are those days that I just really want to spontaneously join the military and spend 4 years completing crazy tasks and doing my duty . I'm on the fence =P 
how charged with punishments the scroll . \ 
I am the master of my fate . \ 
Out of Zion shall come forth the law\ 
And the word of the Lord from Jerusalem\ 
Nation shall not raise sword against nation\ 
And they shall not learn war anymore\ 
For the mouth of the Lord hath spoken 
I've officially completed my first semester of college with a 3.6 . Phew ! Can't wait for Christmas 
I just added Rio De Janeiro at the top of my list of places I need to see . I gotta see the Cristo Redentor . Simply amazing . 
\If there is a God ... why did he make me an Atheist ? \ " - < PROPMALE > Gervais\ 
The beauty of the Second Amendment is that it will not be needed until they try to take it . -- < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
Empire : Total War is challenging my ability to effectively run an empire . Me gusta . 
I wonder if my view of aesthetics vs versatility/convenience has anything to do with my age or maturity level . I just don't care how things look as long as they work . Dunno what that means 
< PROPFEMALE > Happy-Birthday-Jesus Day peoples ! 
\I will make of you a great nation 
\You exist because we allow it ... and you will perish because we demand it . \ " -Sovereign from Mass Effect and definitely something I'ma say to SOMEONE when I rule the world . " 
Thank God for < PROPFIRST > Tollin and < PROPFIRST > Tollin dealing with my deleted recovery drive and what not back in the day . My computer pooped out and I had that junk fixed in like 10 seconds . 
\The truth is from your lord ; so let him who please believe and let him who please disbelieve \"" 
\I see that you have made three spelling mistakes . \ " - < PROPFIRST > de Mahay ( upon reading his death sentence ) " 
The < PROPFEMALE > for safety stands against every great and < PROPMALE > enterprise . -Tacitus 
I think it's funny that people try to be literalists when God is indescribable to man . By nature he would be incomprehensible to our wildest conjectures .... so it is necessary that he be dealt with in metaphor . And metaphors can be interpreted in manifold ways dependent on the time and the context - < PROPMALE > Shields \ 
This is why I like talking about religion 
So as much as I love all of you guys , I decided to block Cityville because I just couldn't handle like 100 of my friends sending me invites/requests to everything . I opened my notifications with like 45 requests today haha . Sorry guys , no more Gregorian Empire =P 
I go back to Rome soon . Come with me , and learn how the world is ruled . Find out if Rome really does play with nations as though they were toys . There is n o-o ne like you in Rome , and n o-o ne like me here . You and I can do great things together . 
I understand the psychology behind making your syllabus in such a way that you seem very strict and uncompromising ; it is for rude and disrespectful people ... but why be intimidating when you can just be worth respecting ? 
S . T . A . L . K . E . R is quite possibly the scariest game I've ever played , and I've played the Resident Evils , Dooms , and F . E . A . R's of the world . I'm not sure why I'm completely alright with playing a RIDICULOUSLY scary game when I can't stand to watch a scary movie .... 
Alea iacta est 
Roflmao , I just fell in love with the Sopranos . It is so ... true . 
It bothers me that people think Palin has enough political pull that she can post pictures online and expect skillful assassinations . Any real conservative/libertarian tea-party member was not angered by LIBERALISM , they were angered by GOVERNMENT . If the situation was really as the media is framing it , then the government should have a revolution on its hands , including Palin . 
It was just submitted to me that a teacher requiring a doctor's excuse for an absence is class discrimination . The suburban kid with his dad's healthcare plan can be < PROPMALE > over and pay a 15 dollar co-pay for a visit , whereas the kid paying his way through college has to pay 200 bucks for some cough medication . I can't refute this . I'ma love this class . 
So everyone is pretty amazing . Thanks for all the Birthday wishes guys and gals :) \ 
Love you peoples . 
Omgoshh , I'm definitely feeling the love everybody ! Thank you all for my BA birthday wishes !!! You guys are all awesome :) 
I am glad that everyone joined me in the festivities ; I'd say the national celebration of the day of my birth was an overwhelming success :) 
So apparently their was some kind of astrology/zodiac change . Where before I was a goat-mermaid ... I am now a CENTAUR ARCHER . Much ... much better than a seagoat . 
A true revolution of values will soon look uneasily on the glaring contrast of poverty and wealth . With righteous indignation , it will look across the seas and see individual capitalists of the West investing huge sums of money in < PROPFEMALE > , Africa and South < PROPFEMALE > , only to take the profits out with no concern for the social betterment of the countries , and say : \This is not just . \ " -MLK " 
“Fight in the way of Allah against those who fight you , but begin not hostilities . Surely , Allah loves not aggressors . ” The Qur’an 2:190 
So I started writing down ideas for a new book I'll start and potentially never finish . I did this during math . It seems relearning the distance formula and Pythagorean theorem stimulates my creativity . 
RAWR 
In 1915 , Italy agreed to enter World War I on the side of Britain and < PROPFEMALE > , and in return was guaranteed territory at the Treaty of London , both in Europe and , should Britain and < PROPFEMALE > gain Germany's African possessions , in Africa . [ 16 ] However , at the concluding Treaty of Versailles in 1919 , Italy received far less in Europe than had been promised , and none overseas . \ 
* enter world war 2 * 
So my computer is pretty much dead and I need a new one . One hard drive died , my RAM is on its last legs , I'm getting constant hardware failure blue screens of death and I haven't installed anything new . You've been good to me ol ' pal , but ya gotsta go . 
Every time I listen to Obama talk , I agree with everything the man says ... and simultaneously realize that it is quite probably BS . 
So I was looked right in the face and told that this system had a graphics card with a gb of video ram which was twice what I was rocking with my old system . That , plus 8 gb of RAM should keep me at a nice cozy frame rate right ? Sure , had I not been bs'd . Luckily I got a bargain with an integrated graphics chip ! What a deal ! 
Can someone explain to me why the \ < PROPFEMALE > n economy\ " is the \ " largest and most powerful in the world\ " ? Isn't the European Union the largest economy in the world ? \ " But those are different countries ; that is cheating . \ " Why ? You can fit like 4 western europes into < PROPFEMALE >." 
So I'm mildly frightened that the people of Egypt are looking for some sort of communist revolution ( mostly because they are protesting against both corruption AND unemployment .. ) . I am equally frightened that < PROPMALE > will be tempted to aid Mubarak militarily because of the current cooperation between Egyptian leadership and < PROPMALE > i . Should be interesting . 
Had lots of fun with < PROPFIRST > Linden and < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > Linden learning about the relationships between Christianity and Islam and goofing off :) 
I NOW HAVE A WORKING ( GREAT ) COMPUTER ! MWAHAHAHAHAHA . 
So Germany has to be a testament to how quickly a society can bounce back from the brink of sure destruction right ? Defeat in world war one , epic defeat in world war 2 ... then come back from hyperinflation to have one of the wealthiest , best governed , militarily mighty nations of the world . Pretty cool beans . 
1989 hours = 82.875 days . \ 
Taking over the planet should be easy peezy . 
\Egypt 
* Conquers rebel city * * gives order to Captain to have everyone enslaved * Captain shouts , \THIS LAND IS ROMAN ! \ " .... epic . " 
I just discovered < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Sulla and instantly gained another hero . Dude took over Rome TWICE and then became < PROPMALE > Dictator ... then revived the broken senate/tributes and resigned from dictatorship to a quiet private life . The man TOOK IT OVER just to see it restored to its former < PROPFEMALE > . THAT'S SO COOL . 
While studying for our history exam , < PROPFIRST > Linden managed to teach me how to tie my shoes . Ah the wonders of college =P 
< PROPMALE > Roth just led Morocco , during the 15th century , to be the first colonizer of the new world . South < PROPFEMALE > is now Muslim . Did I mention I supported Granada militarily against La Reconquista de Espana ? Yeah , I own Castille ( Spain ) now . Sent spies to spread propaganda throughout < PROPFEMALE > , causing uprisings and decentralization . No Absolutist < PROPFEMALE > on my watch . 
Rome 2 is in the works to come out after Shogun 2 . CA is making me happy . 
\The bond between brothers is the sword that defends our empire \"" 
MONTEVALLO PLEASE JUST CANCEL SCHOOL FOR TODAY . 
Totally just had a mini snowball fight with the remaining ammunition scattered around the house . Winnn 
So the fact that I really enjoy watching \Dexter\ " kind of tells me that I've probably got some sort of psychological disorder . It's cool though . Still a good show . " 
God , I want to dream again . Take me where I've never been 
Its just one of those days , feelin like a freight train 
Loves that feeling when you get to the bottom of a cup of chocolate chip cookie dough ice cream and there's a neatly assorted grouping of cookie dough amazingness just for your personal dining pleasure . 
\Obama's new budget projects that the deficit for the current year will surge to an all-time high of $1.65 trillion . That reflects a sizable tax-cut agreement reached with Republicans in December . \ " \ 
My motivation for working out is literally seeing pictures of me from a few years ago . I was one < PROPFEMALE > BA . Time to fix this . 
Walking out into BFE until you can't hear cars or planes or anything other than the wind moving the grass or the animals calling is fun . Fun and calming ... and burns calories ! 
\you're my < PROPMALE > and we can talk about any old thing without worrying about hatred\ " -a hilariously reassuring friend " 
The people to fear are not those who disagree with you , but those who disagree with you and are too cowardly to let you know . - < PROPMALE > Bonaparte 
Get thee behind me drama . 
A good run and then a nap outside ? Oh heck yes . 
Hey , if < PROPFIRST > Shoichi Sullivan or < PROPMALE > Evans have a field < PROPMALE > on Nuclear Warfare/defense available and could hook a brother up , that would be extremely helpful for my project 
Woke up today with leaves underneath me on the couch ... That has some odd implications . 
So tell me now\ 
If this ain't love then how do we get out ? \ 
Because I don't know\ 
That's when she said I don't hate you boy\ 
I just want to save you while there's still something left to save\ 
That's when I told her I love you girl\ 
But I'm not the answer for the questions that you still have 
?? ??? ???? ???? ?? ?? ???? 
My brother and I just got back from a Halo Tournament at Hoover . We dominated , and we did it for < PROPFEMALE > . GAMETIME ! 
He who overcomes , and he who keeps my works to the end , to him will I give authority over the nations . -Revelations 2:26 
Wow , you know you are a history geek when you are looking up Plutarch's \Parallel Lives\ " only to find that the series uses the historical figures ' first names ... and then you realize you know most of them on a first-name basis . " 
As a matter of self-preservation , a man needs good friends or ardent enemies , for the former instruct him and the latter take him to task . -Diogenes 
Never esteem of anything as profitable , which shall ever constrain thee either to break thy faith , or to lose thy modesty ; to hate any man , to suspect , to curse , to dissemble , to lust after anything , that requireth the secret of walls or veils - < PROPMALE > Aurelius 
Aut viam inveniam aut faciam 
Legum servi sumus ut liberi esse possimus - We are slaves of the law in order that we may be able to be free 
You know what is weird ? That cultures all over the world have dragons in their writing/pictures/mythology . Does that mean there were dragons ? That'd be cool . Or does it mean something deeper about what we humans find awesome ? That'd also be cool . 
As it turns out , it is mildly impossible to find a parking spot during exams . Have your fun with me now , stress . I'll be rid of you soon enough ! 
\Knowledge is knowing a tomato is a fruit ; Wisdom is not putting it in a fruit salad . \ " \ 
Had a great time at < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > Linden ' s birthday party ! Thank you for inviting me ! I love the Linden family :) they are so awesome . 
“Are you who are a citizen of Athens , the greatest of cities and the most famous for wisdom and power , not ashamed to care for the acquisition of wealth and for reputation and honor , when you neither care nor take thought for wisdom and truth and the perfection of your soul ? ” -Socrates ; definitely still relevant . 
In Victorian times , estate gardeners never planted grape vines without first burying a dead donkey underneath the plot . \ 
In the 1800 ? s anyone in England who unsuccessfully attempted suicide faced the death penalty . \ 
Ohio is listed as the 17th state in the U.S. but technically it’s number 47 . Until August 7 , 1953 , congress forgot to vote on a resolution to admit Ohio to the union . 
Nothing is better than eternal happiness ... \ 
and a ham sandwhich is better than nothing ... therefore ... \ 
Ham sandwhich > Eternal Happiness . 
There is something ironic about the fact that I'm studying eastern ancient < PROPMALE > history ( for an exam tomorrow ... I'm not that nerdy ) at the same time that I'm listening to Punjabi music ... 
Omg , really congress ? You are choosing to cut spending for pell grants instead of getting out of two ridiculous wars ? The percent you spend on education ( particularly college-level ) is so negligible in comparison to Iraq/Afghanistan and Health and Human services to old people . At least if the wars were worth anything I could think to myself that by forfeiting govt aid I am making a sacrifice for the war-front . 
It'd be so awesome if my Mach Trial brief would just fall out of the sky around me on slabs of rock . It's happened before so it can happen again , right ? 
I was somewhat worried that Rand < PROPFIRST > couldn't live up to < PROPMALE>'s standards . Holy crap I might have been wrong . As it turns out , anti-BS runs in the family 
If I were a < PROPMALE > man , yubby dibby dibby dibby dibby dibby dibby dum ! All day long , I'd biddy biddy bum if I were a wealthy man ! - Reb Tevye 
Talk . To . Me .... I'm sooooo bored . 
New graphics card installed : now prepared to conquer everything ! MUAHAHA 
Battle : LA was epic . One of the best movies I've seen in a long while 
In an article about the < PROPFEMALE > resolution and how Guddafi \isn't a target\ " * laugh * : \ 
If a man speaks his mind in a < PROPMALE > and no woman is around to hear him , is he still wrong ? 
I'm beginning to think I need to look more deeply into < PROPMALE > history . < PROPMALE > ia , Holy < PROPMALE > Empire , Prussia , < PROPMALE > y ? Pretty dang interesting . 
\I want little fat kids with snub noses\ " \ 
If love is a labor then I'll slave till the end -Rise Against 
The ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort , but where he stands at times of challenge and controversy . -MLK 
Now faith is confidence in what we hope for and assurance about what we do not see . -Hebrews 11:1 
... If a Brit and an American have a baby ... does it have a driver's tan on both arms ?! 
The greatest and noblest pleasure which men can have in this world is to discover new truths ; and the next is to shake off old prejudices . - < PROPMALE > II of Prussia 
Japan might be let into the EU ? Interesante 
Q : Are you offended by the phrase ' under God ' in the Pledge of Allegiance ? Why or why not ? \ 
< PROPFEMALE > Palin : Not on your life . If it was good enough for the founding fathers , it's good enough for me , and I'll fight in defense of our Pledge of Allegiance . 
So < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > means \Vigilant Ruler . \ " Anyone else taste the < PROPFEMALE > here ? " 
Always approach new information with new eyes . \ 
Always seek guidance on matters of difficulty or complexity . \ 
Always appreciate the conclusions of those with more experience . \ 
Always come to your own conclusions . 
I'm going to choose to not be extremely aggravated by ridiculousness 
So , I'm registering for classes and I'm not sure if I want to study Spanish or < PROPMALE > . I am already pretty well versed in spanish grammar and what not ... and latin based languages don't intimidate me ... but < PROPMALE > seems awesome , and I may end up studying < PROPMALE > history since it is EXTREMELY fascinating . 
I just saw a lightly armored red truck in front of me that had a small sign on its back that said \Truck does not < PROPFEMALE > cash . \ " Is it weird that it made me want to hijack it just to see if they were fibbing ? " 
All the wants you waste , all the things you've chased ... \ 
Then it all crashes down , and you break your crown . \ 
And you point your finger but there's no one around . \ 
Just want one thing , just to play the < PROPMALE > . \ 
But the castle's crumbling and your left with just a name . \ 
Where's your crown < PROPMALE > Nothing ? 
So on battlefield : bad company 2 , with my M24 I have 747 kills ... and 367 of those were headshots . Now add into the equation that my accuracy with the M24 is 51% . Apparently I don't miss twice and a quarter of the shots I take are headshots . I like those odds :) 
If violent video games make violence familiar and therefore more likely , shouldn't farmville be causing legions of people to leave their homes to find cows to milk or something ? 
Associate yourself with men of good quality if you esteem your own reputation ; for ’tis better to be alone than in bad company . - < PROPFIRST > Washington 
I feel like playing chess 
When I'm sad , I stop being sad and be awesome instead 
This < PROPFEMALE > Israeli war-crimes deal is pretty shady . In my eyes , 1400 palestinians dying in Operation Cast Lead ( BA title anyway ) , including hundreds of civilians to an Israeli death toll at a grand total of 13 seems pretty conclusive to me . Civilians were probably targeted purposefully in some instances ( although Hamas didn't help any by putting rocket batteries by schools and hospitals ) . 
Anybody have Battlefield Bad Company 2 for xbox 360 ? My gamertag is JustcallmeSIR , feel free to jump in with meh 
I'm not sure why we freak out to defend the top of our country from getting taxed more . Is it to keep our nation competitive with other nations ? I guess that makes sense . You can't convince me that people that hold 40% of < PROPFEMALE>'s wealth deserve only 27% of its taxes though . Cut spending , raise taxes , fix the country . 
Its a funny thing to make a small mistake , whether in conversation with someone or just in general , and then recognizing that there is nothing you can do about it that won't deepen the hole you just dug for yourself . 
\The secular Israeli right are also worried about growing signs of intolerance in Israeli society . Prime Minister Netanyahu just this week condemned a call by 50 state-funded rabbis for a ban on the renting or sale of property to Israeli citizens who are not Jewish . \ " huh ... that might be a problem " 
There is something medicinal about Texas Hold'em . I just sat down at an online table ( on Zynga's facebook app ) with 10 grand and managed to walk away with 60 ... against 8 real players . Love it dude . Just love it . 
Facebook is such a fantastic outlet to vent on but my problems , which seem to have a profound impact on me for some reason , are so worthless in the grand scheme of issues people deal with on a day to day basis that it'd be kind of shameful to post about it . I think I'll further my goals of world conquest instead ! 
I have never come out of a bout of depression so strongly in my entire life . I honestly feel AMAZING . Borderline euphoric . Woke up at like 4 this morning for no reason and went on a run then worked out , then took a cold shower followed by a peanut butter jelly sandwich for breakfast . YOU CAN'T STOP ME MAN . 
Started playing Texas Hold'em with 20 grand and got up to 90 grand ... then played back down to 14 . That's how they get you man . Probably got the most annoying set of hands ever . Got an Ace and a high card ... for four turns . 
Most men worry about their own bellies , and other people's souls , when we all ought to be worried about our own souls , and other people's bellies\ 
-Rabbi < PROPMALE > Salanter 
“He who walks with wise men will be wise , but the companion of fools will be destroyed . ” ( Proverbs 13:20 ) 
is currently watching Full Metal Alchemist . I'm trying to get into it ... but something weirds me out about how they match light-hearted brotherhood with extremely disturbing imagery O.o 
You know , here's a weird thought that just occurred to me . When we start colonizing other planets , there's a much larger < PROPMALE > that we'll run into dinosaurs than that we'll find other humanoids . Humans have only existed for like 90,000 years where dinosaurs existed for millions . 
If moral evil exists due to free will ... and heaven has no such evil ... O.o 
O GOD of my praise ! Keep not silence , \ 
For the mouths of the wicked and the mouth of deceit are opened against me ; they have spoken to me and against me with lying tongues . \ 
They have compassed me about also with words of hatred and have fought against me without a cause . \ 
In return for my love they are my adversaries , but I resort to prayer . 
I'm sitting here watching The Lion King .. and as a child apparently I understood this film a lot better . I'm having a difficult time figuring out who to hate , Simba or Scar . Simba is a pompous prideful jerk the entire movie . 
The best way to become boring is to say everything . -Voltaire ; whoops ! 
I totally just realized that I could only see updates from friends I've recently interacted with . Thats a pretty stupid feature 
I'm feeling pretty aggravated ; I don't know if it is spiritual or what . All I know is I'm gonna need to watch some \The Joy of Painting\ " with < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > when I get home . " 
So is it bad that when I saw the headline \Vladimir Putin reveals plan to boost Russia birthrate\ " I immediately concluded that he was building a harem ? " 
\We're surrounded . That simplifies our problem of getting to these people and killing them . \ " - US < PROPFEMALE > Chesty Puller " 
Therefore the < PROPFEMALE > puts his own person last , and yet it is found in the foremost place ; he treats his person as if it were foreign to him , and yet that person is preserved . Is it not because he has no personal and private ends , that therefore such ends are realised ? 
The postcard says , \wish you were here\ " \ 
Happy Return of the Jew Day to all of you fine people . Hope you have a blessed day ! 
Closing RotJD thoughts ... Did < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > have belly buttons ? haha 
Final Exams ? Final Papers ? Job search ? Exercise ? \ 
Fly By Seat of Pants Mode : Activated . 
Colonel Mustang just became BEASTLY . \You said I couldn't kill you 
The surest way to corrupt a youth is to instruct him to hold in higher esteem those who think alike than those who think differently -Nietzche 
Joining the Air Force seems to be a better and better option daily . 
Courage Wolf told me not to knock on death's door ... BUT TO KICK IT IN . 
Dude , tornadoes everywhere . Power JUST came back after a day of darkness . Gave me time to finally finish < PROPFIRST > . Peace ! Be still ! 
* slam head on desk repeatedly until essay completes itself * 
Being unable to complete my papers until the absolute last minute has forced my mind into some crazy enlightenment < PROPFEMALE > . I think I shall call it high-functioning anxiety . I'm not even worried . Its just BAM , LETS DO THIS . 
Finish 2 essays , ace an exam , go out to lunch with Mussolini ( < PROPFIRST > Linden ) and Stalin ( < PROPFEMALE > Langner ) , and still get back in time to pick up my brother from school ? Dude , I'm on my A-game . 
I've worked in an economy that rewards someone who saves the lives of others on a battlefield with a medal , rewards a great teacher with thank-you notes from parents , but rewards those who can detect the mispricing of securities with sums reaching into the billions . In short , fate's distribution of long straws is wildly capricious . - < PROPMALE > Buffett 
Only the strongest will survive , \ 
Lead me to heaven when we die , \ 
I am the shadow on the wall , \ 
I'll be the one to save us all ! \ 
* rock out * 
* < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > moves up to the big ' ol brush * \ 
Everyone watching : OHHH SNAP , < PROPMALE > IS PULLING A CRAZY < PROPMALE > 
Time to decimate the first of my finals . In the immortal words of < PROPMALE > FlyGuy Bunch , Lets freakin go . 
I don't really care what your political persuasion is ... you've got to give Obama credit where credit is due with Osama . That said , I think what our soldiers did was freaking awesome . We tracked , hunted and killed a mass murderer , then gave him a respectful burial ourselves . There is something inherently BA about that . Mafia stuff right there . 
So it was midnight and I was staring at my monitor for one reason or another . Then I was staring at my monitor and it was 1 in the morning . I honestly have no recollection of the passed hour . What the helicopter , good sir . 
Did pretty terrible on my final final . < PROPMALE > History whooped me in the home stretch . Didn't Hitler get his start after failing out of < PROPMALE > School ? \ 
Fate , it seems , is not without a sense of irony -Morpheus 
< PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > is getting the shaft in this GOP debate . They are neglecting to ask him any questions ... but when they do ... he freaking obliterates everyone else on the stage . I kind of like Cain too but he's a little too socially conservative for me . 
Headline : \Wild Pig Explosion May Spread Disease to Humans\ " \ 
is now in SC for a couple of days . I'm psyched to see my friends . I am also psyched to swim . IN YO FACE PHYSICS , I'ma float for a few hours . 
Was the best man at my brother-from-another-mother's wedding . So . Awesome . 
Sports : \omg . Stop talking smack about the Lakers or I'll kill you ! \ " \ 
* listening to Arabian music on Pandora while reading < PROPMALE > Caesar's account of the < PROPMALE > Civil Wars * 
DUDE , I GOT AN A IN < PROPMALE > HISTORY . THAT MAKES ALL A'S THIS SEMESTER . BOOYA 4.0 . Thank you blessing of < PROPMALE > . God is definitely good when it comes to that particular grade . 
Got a job . Dude things are working out . Thankya Lord ! 
De soldat simple , parviendra en empire 
Someone's got to help me out with why it is that I keep getting like 3 hours of sleep . It's summer and I have all the time in the world to rest ... and my body just won't let me . 
Human beings , who are almost unique in having the ability to learn from the experience of others , are also remarkable for their apparent disinclination to do so . - < PROPMALE > Adams 
So undeniably uncontrollably bored . 
I remembered black skies , the lightning all around me . \ 
I remembered each flash , as time began to blur . \ 
Like a startling sign that fate had finally found me . \ 
And your voice was all I heard , that I get what I deserve . 
Had an awesome time with < PROPFIRST > Linden , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > Linden and the whole Linden family ! Renaissance Fair ftw ! 
Is currently reading the Constitution of the United States . It is somehow much more tolerable in booklet form , and actually pretty interesting . 
I've managed to stay awake . Mission accomplished . Time to rest . 
* Sudden uncontrollable urge to play Dance Dance Revolution * 
Inside my hands these petals browned , \ 
Dried up , fallen to the ground\ 
But it was already too late now . \ 
I pushed my fingers through the earth , \ 
Returned this flower to the dirt , \ 
So it could live . I walked away now . 
Dude , there's nothing like taking a nap and waking up feeling like you were in a training program for the Matrix . My dreams are crazy . * Wake up * \I know Kung Fu . \"" 
Your need to bash people's faith is fairly disturbing . Today , the world didn't end . Great . I have no idea how that rationalizes sweeping generalizations and mockery . On any other day the fact that I was made by an all powerful being in the sky and you were formed by monkeys + time is no big deal . Lets go back to not being pretentious please . 
having his lunch break at 1 in the morning 
Tell me that you will listen , \ 
Your touch is what I'm missin , \ 
And the more I hide I realize , \ 
I'm slowly losing you 
Why do we rely so heavily on the Bible ? I mean , its nice to have as source material , but shouldn't getting to know God have more to do with a personal relationship ? I mean , I talk to Him sometimes , and meditate in the Spirit when I'm lucky . Why this fixation on the document and the assumption that it HAS to be 100% unaltered because it exists ? 
Battlestar Galactica just introduced me to < PROPFEMALE > Helfer . Dear God . 
I hate that every time I do something honorable it is instantaneously met with criticism . Sorry haters , I'm gonna keep doing my thing . I advise you to step in line behind me . 
Has lost 6 pounds and gained some serious biceps since he's started at his job :) 
Now , I believe , I will go to sleep . Night night world ... or rather , morning morning world . 
Wrote a few more pages . I'm on roll recently ! I'm thinking it might be time to reward myself with some sleeeeep . 
We're setting the fires to light the way , \ 
We're burning it all to begin again . \ 
With hope in our hearts and bricks in our hands , \ 
We sing for change . 
Got my first paycheck . I very much dig having money . 
Chinese Fleeceflower is borderline terrifying . 
If a man does not keep pace with his companions , perhaps it is because he hears a different drummer . Let each man march to his own rhythm , however measured , or far away -H . D . Thoreau 
WHO SLICED HIS CORNEA AT WORK AND IS NOW OUT OF COMMISSION WITH A BEASTLY EYEPATCH ?!?! < PROPMALE > ROTH , THAT'S WHO ! 
Whenever I step outside , \ 
Somebody claims to see the light , \ 
It seems to me that all of us have lost our patience . \ 
' Cause everyone thinks their right . \ 
... And nobody thinks that there just might\ 
Be more than one road to our final destination . \ 
But I'm not ever going to know\ 
If I'm right or wrong\ 
' cause we're all going in the same direction . 
Fergie voice acted < PROPFEMALE > Brown of the peanuts gang . Your mind has just been blown . 
The quandary is one doesn’t generally get the < PROPMALE > to wield political power without the ambition to actively seek it . That same ambition often compromises the unselfish motives that begat the quest . -Romo Lampkin ( Battlestar Galactica ) 
Self-worth is so fickle . Honestly , it doesn't matter what plateau I ( and I suspect others too ) rise to in life , I always feel like it is inadequate . It's like this self destructive game in which I have to appease my need to appease everyone else . It probably stems from some base < PROPFEMALE > to prove to the world that I am indeed as awesome as I think I am . 
CNN Republican Debate tonight . < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > is in it . You know I'm gonna be watching =P 
* Works 7 hour shifts at night and feels like he's accomplished nothing*\ 
* Comes home , sleeps 3 hours , plays Dance Dance Revolution and learns 3 more songs well enough to get A's on standard * * Feels totally accomplished * 
Just realized posting a facebook status is a lot like talking to yourself with the hope that someone else will chime in . huh . 
Battle : LA came out on DVD ? Oh heck yes . Sorry tomorrow's paycheck , I've got plans for you . 
76 Episodes of Battlestar Galactica later and I am totally pleased . Good good series . Mostly because < PROPFEMALE > Helfer exists , but pretty fantastic writing regardless . 
Broken phone . I guess I'll be getting a new one soon enough . 
Played two games of Bad Company 2 . 33 kills/11 deaths and 44 kills/7 deaths . They should never have let me pick up a sniper rifle . My day off is starting out perfectly :) 
This is the transcript of an ACTUAL radio conversation of a US\ 
naval ship with Canadian authorities off the coast of Newfoundland\ 
in October 1995 . \ 
Radio conversation released by the Chief of Naval Operations\ 
10-10-95 . \ 
Americans : Please divert your course 15 degrees to the North to\ 
avoid a collision . \ 
Canadians : Recommend you divert YOUR course 15 degrees to the\ 
South to avoid a collision . 
\the Creative Assembly brings the wisdom of Master Sun Tsu to Total War : SHOGUN 2 . Analysing this ancient text enabled the Creative Assembly to implement easy to understand yet deep strategical gameplay . \ " \ 
Going to get the new phone ! woo ! Need < PROPFIRST > though , so hook a brother up . 
Cannot wait for Toys R Us's remodel to be finished . So . Much . Work . Cannot wait to continue reading \Black\ " and cannot wait to take over Japan via Shogun 2 : Total War . " 
Exhausting dreams . Confronting love on two separate occasions ? Like , really ? Now off to work , to build literal and metaphorical walls and forget everything I was just subjected to subconsciously . 
Do you spend your days counting the hours you're awake ? \ 
And when night covers the sky you find yourself doing the same . \ 
It's a burden you've been bearing , in spite of all your prayers . \ 
As a light turns off inside your heart , can you remember what its like to care ? 
work , I've been diligent for 4 hours . I know I have 3 left . I feel you should make those pass quickly . Please and thanks 
“If the mind is to emerge unscathed from this relentless struggle with the unforeseen , two qualities are indispensable : first , an intellect that , even in the darkest hour , retains some glimmerings of the inner light which leads to the truth ; and second , the courage to follow this light wherever it may lead . ” - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Clausewitz 
Lead me to heaven when we die ! \ 
I have a shadow on the wall , \ 
I'll be the one to save us all ! 
WOO ! My phone broke again . This is getting to be friggin ridiculous . Regardless , message me for my home phone number if you need to get in touch with me . 
I wanted you to know that I love the way you laugh\ 
I wanna hold you high and steal your pain away 
Another wasted Saturday so here I stay , \ 
Where nothing seems to ever change anyway , hey\ 
All this hype about life bein ' great , \ 
Where's the love for me these days ? \ 
I'm goin off the deep end\ 
Holding on is harder than it seems , \ 
When you're reaching for so much more\ 
Seems so much easier to just give in , \ 
When you're reaching for so much more 
How did Ip Man 2 manage to be just as good as the first one ? Honestly , these are the most inspiring action movies ever . 
http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-14004758?utm_source=twitterfeed&utm_medium=twitter 
Why do I feel like I am totally wasting my time ? Shouldn't I be making political strides ? Developing complex ideas ?? Finding a girlfriend ??? 
Sikhism is thoroughly interesting . I like it . 
Peace is a lie , \ 
There is only passion . 
Bathed in flames , we held the brand\ 
Uncurled the fingers in your hand 
I love you . Yes , I mean you reader . You are perfect . You may make the occasional mistake , but I promise you that the world is better for having you here . So don't feel down . Feel awesome ; it's the only feeling that adequately reflects your worth . Now go and live out the rest of your day with this knowledge . I hope you are somewhat happier for it :) 
I don't mind being ogled , ridiculed , made to feel minuscule\ 
When you consider the source , it's kind of pitiful\ 
The only thing you really know about me is .... \ 
.... That's all you'll ever know ! \ 
Life for you's been less than kind , \ 
So take a number , step in line , \ 
But how we survive is what makes us who we are 
Dreamed that I danced with some random female as payment for eating a lemon-flavored Reeses Peanutbutter cup that I wasn't supposed to have . What just happened to my brain . 
Off to work . See you peeps in the A.M. 
Knowledge is my companion , it is with me wherever I go . My heart is its container , not the bookshelf . 
You will not be punished for your anger . You will be punished by your anger -Buddha 
Sad face , anxiety , AND work from 10:30 to 5:30 ? Let the good times roll . 
So , really crazy dreams . I descended into a mythic world . The kind with swords and dragons and stuff . Rush Limbaugh in a black cloak led me by torchlight across a river and up a path where I got ambushed by a demon on a broken watchtower with a bow . I escaped and went downriver to a town where I followed a master-lockpicker into a large abandoned home . 
In a controversy the instant we feel anger we have already ceased striving for the truth , and have begun striving for ourselves . -Siddhartha Gautama 
I need a video-game for me to be completely and totally immersed in . SOMETHING for me to do while I wait patiently for my social life to return to me . 
Facebook , why do you keep trying so hard ? Your product is already good , just calm down . Maybe ADD things , but stop renovating . Really , do you really think I'd rather see my offline friends that I talk to most often , or all of my friends that are actually online ? 
CONFIDENCE BOOST . WHATS UP . 
So God continues to give me guidance . Does it mean proceed with caution or halt ? Hmm . A conundrum . I may have to sleep on this . 
I felt like total garbage for weeks . I only know that now because I currently feel sufficiently amazing and have for the past few days . I'm not sure what changed but SOMETHING is making me happy . 
Social Life - My Job - Sleep : Pick 2 
Now I understand why God gave me euphoria at the beginning of the week . 
\Too many people take for granted the power of healthy toes\ " - < PROPFEMALE > Callahan " 
The Swiss Franc has out performed gold since the start of the year and hit record highs against the euro . Can Switzerland , through its neutrality , take over the planet ? That would be awesome . 
I decided I will be henceforth substituting \darn it ! \ " and all of its forms with the term \ " blast ! \ " in my effort to become more villainous . That is all . " 
Let the saints be joyful in the < PROPFEMALE > and beauty which God confers upon them ; let them sing for joy upon their beds . Let the high praises of God be in their throats and a two-edged sword in their hands , to wreak vengeance upon the nations and chastisement upon the peoples , To bind their kings with chains , and their nobles with fetters of iron , to execute upon them the judgment written . ( Psalm 149 ; 5-9 ) 
THERE'S A NEW AVATAR COMING OUT . Avatar : Legend of Korra . Omg , Omg , Omg . Come on < PROPMALE > . Breathe . Phew Phew Phew Phew . 
I want polarized magnetic floor tiles in my kitchen and study . My chairs will then be of the opposite polarization . Thanksgiving in my palace will be AWESOME . 
The lightning on the way to work was magnificent . It was like I stared directly into the heart of darkness and instead of turning back , I drove onward . Explosions of purple and blue lightning bolts cracked across the sky second by second , almost completely illuminating the blackness in front of me . And virtually no rain . No thunder . Just slices in a regenerating wall of darkness . Spectacular display . 
Arkham Asylum : Game of the Year Edition is 7.50 on Steam ? Thank you very much . 
Let not mercy and truth forsake thee : bind them about thy neck ; write them upon the table of thine heart : So shalt thou find favor and good understanding in the sight of God and man . Trust in the LORD with all thine heart ; and < PROPFEMALE > not unto thine own understanding . In all thy ways acknowledge him , and he shall direct thy paths . Proverbs 3 : 3-6 
Going an entire day without any real conversation ? Working in the same exact environment ? Mind blowingly lame . 
I shaved less than 12 hours ago and already my face is rough again ? What is this garbage . Seriously , if I don't get a girlfriend soon , I'ma grow this junk out . Like , we are talking Scandinavian Viking . Lumber < PROPFIRST > style . 
I'm just so blessed . Oorah , God . 
Put away from you false and dishonest speech , and willful and contrary talk put far from you . Let your eyes look right on with fixed purpose , and let your gaze be straight before you . Consider well the path of your feet , and let all your ways be established and ordered aright . Proverbs 3:24 -26\ 
Also , I just watched My Little Pony and it was pretty good . 
I thoroughly appreciate all of you . You are all AWESOME . Now I'ma go to sleep and try and have dreams that accurately reflect how honestly incredible you make me feel sometimes . Good night world :) 
So , The Witcher 2 got pretty amazing reviews so I bought it for 50 bucks . Not impressed . So now I'm bored . I'm thinking its time to work out . LETS DO THIS . WHATS UP . 
I ( Wisdom ) have counsel and sound knowledge , I have understanding , I have might and power . By me kings reign and rulers decree justice . By me princes rule , and nobles , even all the judges and governors of the earth . I love those who love me , and those who seek me early and diligently shall find me . Riches and honor are with me , enduring wealth and righteousness . Proverbs 8 : 14-18 
\You are awesome sauce poured over supah waffles with whipped amazing dolloped on top \"" 
But we sow seeds to see us through , \ 
' Cause sometimes dreams just don't come true , \ 
We wait to reap what we are due 
My disappointment when I say something venomous or do something rash is hopefully enough to deter me from future folly . Proverbs is helping me realize how quick I am to leap into conflict . Need to adhere to < PROPFEMALE > and restraint . 
God's plan is great when I feel the benefits immediately , but I have to remember I'm an instrument . < PROPFEMALE > , Justice , Restraint , Courage , Faith , Hope , Love . 
Lord God , my Father , I know you have given me the strength to do whatever needs doing , I now pray for the guidance to reach that end , the knowledge of what to do when I get there and the wisdom necessary to do it correctly . 
I'm feeling invincible tonight , \ 
I'm alive , take a look into my eyes\ 
This time I'ma take you for a ride\ 
I'm invincible tonight ! 
So , why do we follow God ? Shall we follow Him out of fear ? Because He is the most powerful ? Because He can reward us with blessings and a place in His heaven ? Because He is winning this spiritual conflict ? Or shall we follow Him because we love Him and He loves us ? 
Leave me a one word comment that best describes me , using the THIRD letter of your LAST name , it can only be one word , then copy this to your wall so I can leave a word about you . 
It is better to dwell in a corner of the housetop [ on the flat oriental roof , exposed to all kinds of weather ] than in a house shared with a nagging , quarrelsome , and faultfinding woman . Proverbs 21 : 9 
Make no friendships with a man given to anger , and with a wrathful man do not associate , Lest you learn his ways and get yourself into a snare . Proverbs 22 : 24 , 25 
Me : So wait , you want me to -\ 
God : Yep . \ 
Me : but-\ 
God : Nope . \ 
Me : * sigh * Yes , Father . 
Let me walk in integrity beside you or I'll walk elsewhere . 
Pope < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > II was the first papal Harlem Globetrotter . The team made him an honorary member in 2000 during a visit to the Vatican . 
I think there is more than enough evidence that there is good money to be made by being just a little crazier than the world thinks possible . 
Physically , mentally and emotionally exhausted , I have reached the weekend . 
This summer has been a totally transforming and successful experience thus far . I became much more spiritually attuned , I lost over 15 pounds and got physically fit , and I saved some monies for the future . Fully prepared to leap back into academia now 
To what purpose is the multitude of your sacrifices to Me of unless they are the offering of the heart ? says the Lord . I have had enough of the burnt offerings of rams and the fat of fed beasts without obedience ; and I do not delight in the blood of bulls or of lambs or of he-goats without righteousness . - < PROPMALE > 1:11 
Be cheerful ; depend not at all on foreign supports , nor beg your happiness of another ; do not throw away your legs to stand upon crutches . - < PROPMALE > Aurelius 
You know craziness is happening when you come home so exhausted that you fall asleep on the nearest couch with dust caked on your clothes , face and hands . I still had my wallet and my box-cutter in my pockets . Ready for school O_o 
Semper Fi , Jesus . 
I just killed like an entire family of whatever these hordes of giant , fast-moving , hairy , many-legged insects are . I will cut down as many as dare set foot within the threshold of my man cave . They are obviously ignorant of who it is they trespass against . It's okay . They'll learn . 
I wonder why it is an immortal God would create a perishable universe ... 
Losing a war single handedly against Hannover , Sweden , Russia , Prussia , Ottoman Empire , < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPFEMALE > ? Annoying . My mind is now moving 1000 < PROPMALE > a minute and I need food . 
< PROPFEMALE > GOP Straw Poll Results :\ 
Cain 26% ( 232)\ 
< PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > 25.7% ( 229)\ 
< PROPFIRST > 20% ( 179)\ 
Gingrich 18% ( 162)\ 
Romney 6% ( 51)\ 
Bachman 3% ( 29)\ 
Santorum 0.4% ( 4)\ 
Huntsman 0.3% ( 3)\ 
McCotter 0.1% ( 1 ) 
Everybody with your fist raised high , \ 
Let me hear your battle cry tonight , \ 
Stand beside or step aside , \ 
We're on the front line ! 
And I'd give up forever to touch you , \ 
' Cause I know that you feel me somehow . \ 
You're the closest to heaven that I'll ever be , \ 
And I don't wanna go home right now . 
Back to school , healthy , ready to open up a can of intellectual butt-whoopery . Lets do this . 
I have groomed a particular general in my Egyptian campaign as Spain during the 1100's to be a complete and total beast . I've humbled many Saracen generals with him . Conquered Jerusalem . Began a siege of Cairo and he was assassinated . I am livid . Its cool though . My response ? 15,000 Cairo citizens no longer exist . Your move Egypt . 
Because when I arrive I-I'll bring the fire\ 
Make you come alive I can take you higher\ 
What this is , forgot ? I must now remind you\ 
Let it rock let it rock let it rock 
Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak ; courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen . - < PROPMALE > Churchill 
I wish I could stop thinking politically . Anyone whom I can speak to without judgement and without my having to think of the \correct\ " thing to say is someone to be cherished above all others . " 
There is a moment when speaking to God , when you are falling on your face and praising His name , that you can no longer tell the difference between what you are saying and what you are thinking . Both resonate just as tangibly in your memory , and you can't tell the one from the other . I now believe God feels the same way . 
[ A prince ] should conduct himself in such a way that greatness , boldness , gravity , and strength will be observed in his actions . In dealings with individual subjects , his decisions must be irrevocable ; and he must maintain himself in such high regard that no one will ever think of cheating him or misleading him . -Niccolo Machiavelli 
A return to first principles in a republic is sometimes caused by the simple virtues of one man . His good example has such an influence that the good men strive to imitate him , and the wicked are ashamed to lead a life so contrary to his example . -Niccolo Machiavelli 
With Heaven's aid I have conquered for you a huge empire . But my life was too short to achieve the conquest of the world . That task is left for you -Genghis Khan 
The conqueror is regarded with awe ; the wise man commands our respect ; but it is only the benevolent man that wins our affection . - < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Howells 
So tonight was ridiculously eventful O_O . Thankful for all of my awesome friends ^_^ 
Hebrews 10:24 - \And let us consider how to stir up one another to love and good works . \"" 
Church in the morning ! 
So on Mount and Blade , I am now using the missile-based cavalry maneuver , Cantabrian Circle , I picked up from my battles with the Iberians as a < PROPMALE > General . The Swadians had no idea what hit them . You thought you could rape and pillage my people ? Who is this uncircumcised Philistine ? 
Just completed the conquest of two new castles to add to my kingdom , amassed an army , married a Lord's daughter and generally massacred my enemies . Then slept for maybe 20 minutes , just long enough to rear end someone on my dream interstate , leap into wreckage that was stacked on the sides of the apocalyptic road and witness a tyrannosaurus < PROPMALE > chasing down a truck right before my eyes . I don't understand how I'm so sleepy . 
Send us your ambassadors : and thus we shall judge whether you wish to be at peace with us or at war ... if you make war on us , the Everlasting God , who makes easy what was difficult and makes near what was far , knows that we know what our power is -- Mongke Khan ( 4th Great Khan of the Mongols ) , to < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > IX of < PROPFEMALE > 
Vinco Vici Victum 
For no person will be justified in His sight by observing the works prescribed by the Law . For the real function of the Law is to make men recognize and be conscious of sin . But now the righteousness of God has been revealed independently and altogether apart from the Law , although actually it is attested by the Law and the Prophets , Namely , the righteousness of God which comes by believing with personal trust and confident reliance on Jesus Christ . \ 
-Romans 3:20 -23 
One man's disobedience caused the death of us all , and one Man's obedience gave us all life . Oorah , Semper Fi Jesus 
At the top of my lungs\ 
I sing Hallelujah ! \ 
I'm not ashamed . \ 
I'll praise your name\ 
Let the whole world know\ 
I love you Lord 
What we wish , we readily believe , and what we ourselves think , we imagine others think also . - < PROPMALE > Caesar 
As it turns out , contemplating the potential depths of your mortality is a fairly depressing enterprise . So I've discounted my mortality as a possibility . 
I think I just decided that next summer I'm finding somewhere to take MMA . 
Also , since I'm in a status making mood , I think Machiavelli is significantly less ridiculous than Hobbes . Hobbes basically supports the Fuhrer concept where Machiavelli merely states what a < PROPMALE > must accomplish in order to maintain power and order . Don't get me wrong , the Leviathan has value and is definitely worth reading ... just ... something about it sits with me wrong ... 
It's BROTHER WEEK : If you have a brother who has made you laugh , punched you , stuck up for you , drove you crazy , annoyed you , hugged you , watched you succeed , saw you fail , picked you back up , cheered you on , made you strong & is someone you are proud to have in your life . Re-post this if you have a brother you love . 
Dude , Rome : Total War is 4.99 on Steam . Medieval II : Total War is 4.99 on Steam . Empire : Total War is 9.99 on Steam . What are you people doing ?? Buy this stufffff . 
A scorpion crawled out of my pant leg . I murdered it . I'm also no longer wearing pants . 
God is so great its just crazy . It gets to the point of like \Really God ? You have MORE awesome that I didn't know about ? How ? How is that possible ? \"" 
I walked in the footsteps of < PROPFIRST > . \Speak Lord 
Go to the people . Learn from them . Live with them . Start from what they know . Build with what they have . The best of leaders when the job is done , and the task is accomplished , the people will say we have done it ourselves . -Lao Tzu 
Hear me President , Hear me Congress . I am sick of witnessing the degradation of my home . You curry the favor of the people by spending the nation into the dirt , all while taking as much as half of what we earn . Your grandiose terminology manages to keep the military ; people actually making sacrifices for this nation , in hostile foreign lands being assaulted for your personal gain . If you don't bring some integrity to the table NOW then I promise you , with tears in my eyes , I will climb up this bureaucratic ladder and remove you myself . 
Beware the fury of a patient man . - < PROPFIRST > Dryden 
I love all of you guys :) \ 
Have a blessed day today 
that moment when you get the feeling you are about to witness some craziness . 
Love is patient and kind ; love does not envy or boast ; it is not arrogant or rude . It does not insist on its own way ; it is not irritable or resentful ; it does not rejoice at wrongdoing , but rejoices with the truth . Love bears all things , believes all things , hopes all things , endures all things . Love never ends . As for prophecies , they will pass away ; as for tongues , they will cease ; as for knowledge , it will pass away . \ 
1 Corinthians 13:4 -8 
\the reigns of good princes have been always most dangerous to the liberties of their people . \ " - < PROPFIRST > Locke " 
I speak Spanish to God , Italian to women , French to men , and < PROPMALE > to my horse . - < PROPFIRST > V 
So I can get behind < PROPFIRST > Locke . Don't agree with everything , but I can see what he's saying . Rousseau ? Eh , I'm not super impressed thus far . His ideas helped bring about the French Revolution though so I'm gonna stick it out . 
The Romans only ever owned around 4.36% of the entire planet . The British Empire managed to own 22.63% . Now that I'm thinking about it ... I've been obsessing over the wrong group of people ... 
Call to Me and I will answer you and show you great and mighty things , fenced in and hidden , which you do not know - < PROPMALE > 33:3 
Each commander of a column , therefore , has the order to attack the enemy wherever he may find him and to do so with all his strength . He must not be made responsible for the success of his attack , for that would lead to indecision . But he is responsible for seeing that his corps will take part in battle with all its energy and with a spirit of self-sacrifice . - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Clausewitz's \Principles of War \"" 
The LORD detests lying lips , but he delights in men who are truthful . \ 
-Proverbs 12:22 
I forgot I have a MASSIVE database on campus . * Sends self 20 articles ranging from the economic collapse of Rome to the reign < PROPMALE > the Great , to < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > , to Piracy , to the economic , religious and political struggles in Somalia * 
Any one reflecting upon the thought he has of the delight , which any present or absent thing is apt to produce in him , has the idea we call love . - < PROPFIRST > Locke 
Cain , Newt Gingrich and < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > are the only people worth discussing in these debates . Seriously ... < PROPFIRST > , Romney and Bachman are just 100% talking points . 
I need to write a parody or imitation of < PROPMALE>'s Inferno . Fortunately , God has seen fit to bless me with copious amounts of beastly genius . \ 
The creation ? Ahnold's Inferno . 
Dude , Netflix added the next seasons of Lie to Me AND Psyche ??? Getting my < PROPFIRST > Locke paper this weekend just became twice as difficult . 
There is a picture floating around showing the corpses of over 200 African men and women who have died from burn wounds . The picture says its depicting the Christian victims of Muslim persecution in Nigeria , but that is total garbage . No Christians were burned to death , and in fact it was a tragic , accidental oil tanker explosion in the Congo . This is the type of misinformation that is plaguing Islam/Christian relations . 
I am a little bit of loneliness , a little bit of disregard . \ 
Handful of complaints but I can’t help the fact , \ 
that everyone can see these scars . \ 
I am what I want you to want , what I want you to feel , \ 
But it's like no matter what I do , I can't convince you , to just believe this is real\ 
So , I let go , watching you , turn your back like you always do\ 
Face away and pretend that I'm not\ 
But I'll be here ' cause you're all that I got 
Me and < PROPMALE > just decided we are participating in a tournament for a < PROPFEMALE > against Breast Cancer . A Halo Tournament . Saturday , 11 AM to 5 PM online . These people are about to get rocked . 
So tell me now ... \ 
If this aint love then how do we get out ? \ 
Cause I don't know ... \ 
That's when she said I don't hate you boy \ 
I just wanna save you while there's still something left to save . \ 
but I'm not the answer for the questions you still have . \ 
woaaah wooaaah 
I'll be stretchin out the rhyme , \ 
Like gravity stretches time , \ 
when you try to put your little p-brain against this kind of mind . \ 
I'm the best , I'm the Snoop Dogg of science , \ 
Droppin mad apples on your head from the shoulders of giants . 
Ultimately got knocked out of the tournament in the fourth match . It's okay though , we played well and outlasted most of the 54 teams . And its < PROPFEMALE > ! Everybody wins ! 
I love you . Yep , you . 
You know , if die-hard libs would stop calling Tea-Partiers racist hillbillies , and die-hard conservatives would stop calling Occupy-Wallstreeters good-for-nothings then they'd probably recognize that both groups are SERIOUSLY against government corruption ... How bout we work together , fix that , and then debate about how to legitimately tax and spend ? 
God is good every day , regardless of the flesh . In Christo Semper Fidelis , Semper Audax . 
Pray for the < PROPMALE > family please . Ask for strength and peace in their trying times ... 
He that can have < PROPFEMALE > can have what he will . - < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
* pays 120 dollars for two copies of Battlefield 3 * * downloads a bunch of updates and inputs a bunch of codes to finally get the capability to play online*\ 
* Could not connect to the EA server*\ 
... Really EA ? 
How few there are who have courage enough to own their faults , or resolution enough to mend them . - < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Roth = Vigilant , Famous , Honorable Ruler . \ 
I can accept this . 
But the fruit of the Spirit is love , joy , peace , < PROPFEMALE > , kindness , goodness , faithfulness , gentleness , self-control ; against such things there is no law . \ 
-Galatians 5:22 -23 
Let he who is without sin champion the first law . 
What did the blind tourist do during World War 2 ??? NOTSEE GERMANY !!!!! ziiiiiing ! 
I'll account my afflictions among my riches . < PROPFEMALE > is given to God by the scars of the battles He's brought you through . 
Do not rejoice over me , my enemy ;\ 
When I fall , I will arise ;\ 
When I sit in darkness , \ 
The LORD will be a light to me . \ 
- < PROPFIRST > 7:8 
Hard pressed on my right . My center is yielding . Impossible to maneuver . Situation excellent . I am attacking . - < PROPMALE > Foch at the Battle of the Marne 
Should I take part in no shave November ? 
Let my heart be heard . I honestly love all of you . Sometimes that doesn't come across well , or I don't let it . But I do , and I hope you are happy . If you are going through something , know that you aren't alone . One way or another everything will be okay and I've got your back the whole way through . 
\Truly 
Okay , someone that knows this please tell me because I couldn't find it in a reasonable google search =P . \Immoveable\ " vs \ " immovable\ " . Is one the UK version and one the American English version ? I always end up adding the e in there in words like that . More important than this : are both grammatically correct ? " 
Here is the rule to remember in the future , When anything tempts you to be bitter : not , \This is a misfortune\ " but \ " To bear this worthily is good fortune . \ " \ 
God is amazing , and I'm pretty sure He just beasted my Spanish exam for me . What a good way to start the weekend ! :) 
Define your meaning of war\ 
To me it's what we do when we're bored\ 
I feel the heat comin off of the blacktop\ 
And it makes me want it more\ 
Because I'm hyped up , outta control\ 
If it's a fight I'm ready to go\ 
I wouldn't put my money on the other guy\ 
If you know what I already know 
The blessing of God doesn't mean the warmth of a hot shower . It means the strength to leave that hot shower so you can go to church . 
I'm reading the Communist Manifesto . I'm not really impressed . I'm trying ! It feels like < PROPFEMALE > is trying hard to make history conform to his theory rather than his theory conform to history . I guess at some level all political philosophers do this . Meh . Mein Kampf and Wealth of Nations are somewhere on my reading list after this . 
Please pray for < PROPFIRST > Tollin , my best friend , a < PROPFEMALE > deployed to Afghanistan . Pray that he is kept safe and that God's will is done in his life . \ 
Please also pray for < PROPFIRST > Linden , my best friend , a Christian soldier deployed to Japan . She is doing missionary work , God's work , to bring Christ to the masses . \ 
I very much appreciate both of these people in my life , and I'd like to see them successful . In Christo Semper Fidelis , Semper Audax . 
Only when the Reich borders include the very last < PROPMALE > , but can no longer guarantee his daily bread , will the moral right to acquire foreign soil arise from the distress of our own people . Their sword will become our plow , and from the tears of war the daily bread of future generations will grow . -Hitler in Mein Kampf\ 
That's how he did it . 
How annoying that individuals consistently take the view that is most politically expedient to them . Regardless of evidence , regardless of probability , the interpretation of events that is accepted is the one that rationalizes their commitment to their perspective . How am I to find truth past my own prejudices ? 
Thank you veterans . 
Tip to those playing Skyrim with me ? Don't touch giants . Or mammoths . Just ... don't do it . Particularly the first time you see them . You might have the inclination to poke them ... with your blade . Unless you want to be thrown thousands of feet into the air .. just ... just walk away . 
I sing for joy at the work of Your hands , \ 
Forever I'll love You , forever I'll stand ! \ 
I love you guys . I hope that each of you has a blessed day :) 
Put on then , as God's chosen ones , holy and beloved , compassion , kindness , humility , meekness , and < PROPFEMALE > , bearing with one another and , if one has a complaint against another , forgiving each other ; as the Lord has forgiven you , so you also must forgive . And above all these put on love , which binds everything together in perfect < PROPFEMALE > . Colossians 3:12 -14 
LORD , HOW they are increased who trouble me ! Many are they who rise up against me . Many are saying of me , There is no help for him in God . Selah [ pause , and calmly think of that] ! But You , O Lord , are a shield for me , my < PROPFEMALE > , and the lifter of my head . Psalms 3:1 -3 
So my computer blue-screened . Now it won't run windows . Searching for my startup repair disc . In any case , expect less facebooking and more texting . 
Tricks and treachery are the practice of fools , that don't have brains enough to be honest . \ 
- < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
Cost-Benefit Analysis . I see this person post something and I want to destroy the argument he/she presents . But who and how does it help ? It is one thing to want to further discourse ... but when all I want is to logically cut down that person's world view , who am I helping ? That's not Godly at all . That's sad . One of the hardest things I have to overcome is this mental-midget outlook in which I feel the need to reaffirm myself through mental destruction . 
A scoffer seeks wisdom in vain , but knowledge is easy for a man of understanding . Leave the presence of a fool , for there you do not meet words of knowledge . \ 
Proverbs 14:6 -7 
NINJA PICKUP LINES . \ 
From across the room I thought your body was punching .. \ 
But now I can see ... It's kickin ' . 
Getting to talk to < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Fange , a friend I've had since 2nd grade , for the first time in a while felt very good . Oorah for lasting friendships . 
I'm ready for this semester to be over . The more contemporary this English class gets , the more I hate it . And yet , I rejoice that God put Political Science on my heart instead ... 
Do not be slothful in zeal , be fervent in spirit , serve the Lord . Rejoice in hope , be patient in tribulation , be constant in prayer . -Romans 12:11 -12 
I think censorship is silly . 
< PROPFIRST > Adams is a fantastic series . I'm two episodes in and thus far they have been extremely careful ( as far as I can tell ) with their historical correctness . I won't say it's academic perfection , but the thing is certainly more fair to the political climate of the times than The Patriot . And because of its relative lack of bias , the subjects are given significantly more weight . It helps to bring some genuine appreciation for what < PROPFEMALE > has managed to accomplish . 
I love my friends . 
Praise God ! That is all . 
That was simply the most satisfying war in Europa Universalis III that I've ever fought . My Kingdom of Austria versus a seriously huge Kingdom of < PROPFEMALE > in the year 1470 . My ally , Castille , got taken out of commission early on . Ten years of warfare , spies , excommunications , bribes , revolts , and backstabbings ravaged Europe ... But I brought < PROPFEMALE > to its knees . Long live the Holy < PROPMALE > Empire ;) 
So < PROPMALE > the Great , one of the most celebrated military leaders in history , wrote a refutation of Machiavelli's \The Prince\ " ? Why is this not in my library ? And why can't I find a pdf ? " 
Thanksgiving . I'm so thankful for all of you . God has truly blessed me with the assortment of characters in my life . My family has swelled in rank and I love all of you . I've become so much closer to God over the past year and a half , its crazy . The difference between high school me and Sophomore me is so unimaginable I can barely stand it . \ 
Thank you Father :) . 
I'm pretty sure I got thoroughly drunk off of turkey . I passed OUT . Like , 7 pm , on the couch , out like a light . 
Christmas List :\ 
The Wealth of Nations ( < PROPFIRST > Smith)\ 
The Federalist Papers ( < PROPFIRST > Hamilton)\ 
The Anti-Federalist Papers and the Constitutional Convention Debates ( < PROPMALE > Ketcham)\ 
The Republic ( Plato)\ 
Antimachiavel ( < PROPMALE > the Great)\ 
Discourses ( Machiavelli)\ 
On War ( < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Clausewitz)\ 
Diplomacy ( Kissinger)\ 
On Guerilla Warfare ( < PROPFEMALE > Tse-tung)\ 
Mein Kampf ( < PROPMALE > Hitler)\ 
Any suggestions beyond these ?? 
