???????????????? 

im prolly da only one up at 3 in da mornin 
blah blah blah ................................................. 
2am ...... blah blah blah 
abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz 
that wuz da longest nap of my life been out since 11:30 
Sumbdy Help Me !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
YEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH !!!!!!!!!! 
Bad F**kin Day sumbdy stole my mothaf**kin phone !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 11 
really dnt feel like doin dis wrk !!! 
i hate midterms 
im bought 2 go 2 sleep .... see wat midterms do 2 u ?! 
black glock , black t , diamonds hella ? yellow , put them shells on his back , now they call him Donatello ! - da joker 
HALF A SUB ?! WTF !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
drbsftnhtfrjuykyhuk , dgyjs4eh 
what's on your minds ? 
she got dat good good , she < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > bad , and im attracted 2 her wit her attractive ass 
im so twisted i wlk in swirls 
SURF OR DIE ! SURF OR DIE ! 
RETARDED ASS NIGGAS GET ON MY MOTHAFUCKIN NERVES 
bored 
FUCK NEW ORLEANS !!!!!!!!!!! ATL NIGGAS 
mad as hell at madden 
im out 
bananas !!! 
bored bored bored bored bored bored and bored 
i wnt sum pancakes 
but real tlk u really know who u is hahaha 
can i hit her 
damn i feel good rite now .... be happy 4 me ppl lol 
very upset ... dats all 
heyyyyyyyyyy ! Mrs. Parkerrrrr !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
let's gooooooooooooooooooo !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
no phone aint dat a ......... 
i had a feelin 2day wuznt gonna be all dat good 
blah blah blah 
decisions ... decisions ... imma have to sleep on dis one 
i think i jus effed up 
call of duty BITCH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
shud i stay or shud i go .... hmmmmmm .............. 
damn damn damn DAMN !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
dis person is makin me real upset rite now 
so im sittin here and the day is slowly goin by ... point being ... im bored 
Bored out my mind 
bak to bed i go 
damn wat wuz i thinkin lol 
DELETE !!!!!!!!! 
ready to go home 
headed to da crib nxt week ... lets do it 
Sittin hea on my space ship listenin to 3Peat on repeat feelin hella good ... damn its fukin TUESDAY !! 
bout to go bak to sleep 
y da hell ddnt atl pick dez bryant !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! wtf 
y da hell are they interviewing < PROPMALE > tebow so fukin long 
Man y so much stuff happenin wit only a few days left of school 
hall 2 110 ... 
bout to start gettin ready to leave dis bit 
will be bak in LC in two days 
damn can friday get hea any slower 
Im a nobody .. nobodys perfect .. therefore IM PERFECT !!! 
Tired 
I feel smart ... but i feel dumb for postin dis 
Im out my mind jus blew a thousand swisher sweets 
Lakers and jazz enuff said 
Smmfh ... crazy world 
wonder watsup for today 
Man u can tell < PROPFEMALE > it get hot u jus be gettin mad for no reason lol 
Only in < PROPMALE > county can u run over a wild hog ... wtf ... dumbass animals 
feelin real determined rite now 
Well damn guess i gotta stalker 
got a lot to do today ... leh go 
Im madder den a midget wit a yoyo lmao 
Its officially hot as hell 
I firmly believe dat sum ppl serve no purpose in life ... jus sayin 
Lmao jus saw da funniest thing dis gone have me rollin for quite sum time 
Say wat ? huh ?? lol 
Bored bored bored 
Still tryin to give that fuck dat u wnt me to give so bad ... fan < PROPFEMALE > comin soon lol 
Wonder y we dnt speak no more 
Gotta new found craving for pancakes damn im hungry 
Boston baby ! Series tied ... leh go ! 
Damn dats effed up 
Y am i not sleep 
I bleed green ... leh go boston !... place yo bets ppl 
Nooooooooooo !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! WTF !!!!!!!! 
I almost crashed my bentley .. 
Mustard 
Sleeeppppyyyyy 
thinkin of a master plan lmao ... dis ish crazy man ... hahahahahahahaha 
Man i swear i got insomnia 
Whoa whea have i been swear i ddnt kno it wuz saturday 
Don't take life too seriously . You'll never get out of it alive . lol 
Its funny < PROPFEMALE > ppl be mad at u over sum dumb ish cuz dey fail to realize u really dnt care but dey be so serious ... so i ask ... WHY SO SERIOUS ? 
So i jus saw dis guy dat look like dat dude on da first men in black dat turned into da big roach ... he wuz coughin and shit and looked me up and dwn like he wnted to try sum shit lol 
Hella tired 
Lmao ... cleveland fans burning lebron jersey dat shit is priceless rotflmao 
oh my damn sum chick almost fell goin UP sum stairs ... i wuz prolly gonna be da only one laughin 
lol the stairs have two more victims lol 
WOW !! I AM SHOCKED AND APPAULED AND A LIL UPSET ... BUT 4 SUM REASON ITS KINDA FUNNY ... REALLY ?!!???!!!!!! IM GOIN TO SLEEP ON DAT NOTE 
Late nite munchies ... 
Shittery ... 
Silent treatment .... wat r u nine ?? thought we wuz all grown ove hea maybe not 
Silent treatment .... wat r u nine ? thought we wuz all grown ove hea maybe not 
hmmmmmmmmm .............. 
THE UPPAAAA ROOOOOMM LOL 
Wat da hell ... u got da mothafxckin audacity haha imma let dat shit ride tho ... i think im too nice 
I dnt understand ... who does dis shit at four in da mornin plz go do da world a favor and kill yoself 
And today concludes the most disappointing week of my life 
da fuck ? 
... 
In approx . three hours i gotta get up so y in da hell am i not sleep 
Damn i luv mondays 
Damn damn daaaayyyuuuuummmmm !!!!!!! 
I jus saw a squirrel lickin a wall 
Up untill a couple of < PROPFEMALE > ago i wuz good stress free and happy now im pissed off to the fullest extent of the word 
Y wear a helmet when skydiving ?... #justathought 
Plz tell me y da police decide to stop sumbdy in da middle of traffic we been sittin hea for da longest and its hot 
Wow .. jus realized < PROPFEMALE > rida's name is spelled < PROPFEMALE > rida damn im slow lol 
Burn one 
Smmfh at these effing no life having ass ppl its jus sad and pathetic 
< PROPFEMALE > Griffin : Come on Stewie , don't be afraid . It's just water , it's not gonna bite . \ 
\ 
Stewie Griffin : Shut up ! I know it's not going to bite , stupid ! What a stupid thing to say . You drown in it you moron ! It doesn't have to bite you ! 
why do i have so many issues wit my phone dammit 
Yall saints fans bout to be upset lol 
need sum to do 
Don’t argue with Idiots .. They will bring you down to their level and beat you with experience . 
i take 3 l's to da head ... love ... live ... life and im dead(wayne ) 
essay and presentation = long ass day smh 
WOW !.. smh 
smh this is just sad at first it was funny now it just sad smfh ... lol cudnt help but laugh again aight im done 
WTH !! outta all da weekends they wanna pick dis one dis ish aint cool at all 
fml 
Damn i got class in da mornin ... fuuuuuuuccccckkkkkkkk ! 
Np# ... good dank 
np# ... black and yellow 
damn i need to stop procrastinating and get on this project 
Call of duty black ops .... the end 
Mad dis dude in Traffic digging up his nose 
Wats up wit da heart symbol ? It looks nothing like a human heart ... #random 
1 of the 9 Things I Hate About Everyone : When people say \Oh you just want to have your cake and eat it too\ " . Damn Right ! What good is cake if you can't eat it ? " 
im out dis bit ... 
you kno u bored when u go thru all yo old post all da way back to when you first started ... smh 
Cudnt watch the rest of the game but dem falcons won hell yeah now i can sleep 
#2 of the 9 Things I Hate About Everyone : When people say \it's always the last place you look\ " . Of course it is . Why the hell would you keep looking after you've found it ? Do people do this ? Who and where are they ? " 
#3 of the 9 Things I Hate About Everyone : When ppl say something is ' new and improved ' . Which is it ? If it's new , then there has never been anything before it . If it's an improvement , then there must have been something before it , couldn't be new . 
man eff dis paper ion feel like doin it i'll take dis zero ... SIKE !!! gotta pass dis bih 
So , Eggman is the one behind all this , huh ?... lmao 
damn who knew a nigga cud write a six < PROPFEMALE > research paper in 2 1/2 hours ... shit got me hungry 
i think im addicted to 5 hour energy shots 
out ... 
wow smh one thing bout a crazy bish is she will do anything just to tlk to u ... sending gifts and shit lmao WTF !!! imma take it tho 
now im out for real 
When you throw a rock into a crowd of dogs , the only one that barks is the one that got hit .... #stoledatish 
damn sumbdy feel me in im lost ???? 
y i gotta have a late class today 
outta here ........... 
Went from playin da old playstation to watchin master of disguise ... throwback nite lol 
How bout dem ducks !!!! 
Sum ppl are so confused smh 
So i gave in and changed da numba damn i feel defeated 
Ppl makin me feel like im slippin ... dey stressing over finals and ish and im chillin we gone find out soon enough 
Desean < PROPMALE > is dat nigga ... #theend 
Y da hell dey keep comin out with new fast and furious movies ? what more can they do seriously ... \my car go fast \"...\" no my car go faster\ " ... really ? " 
Cant sleep ? Watch american ganster shit go hard 
Bored af 
Birthday in a week ... smh im gettin old 
I want sum chinese food 
Thanks to all the ppl who wished a happy bday to me really appreciate it 
Tired as hell but i gotta go ... #dammit 
Seahawks seahawks seahawks !!!!!! I knew they wuz gonna make it a game jus didnt wanna say it out loud lol now i can hahaha 
Oh shit my boy lynch jus demolished dem saints goddamn !!!!! best run i ever seen 
Madden or black ops ... biggest decision i've made dis week lol 
Watchin fight club i forgot how crazy dis movie is ... on another horrible note da falcons let me dwn not sure i can forgive them for this smh 
Tired as hell bout to go to sleep 
Tryin to pull an all nighter imma need a big ass cup of coffee 
It's weird that you never know you sleep till you wake up ... #weirdothoughtoftheday 
Guess imma go to bed now 
lol wtf wuz that .... 
Well aint dat a bitch ... as soon as i open my eyes the bullshit begins smh 
So damn bored i wish i wuz at home 
up in smoke 
It feel like summer a lil bit ... #randomthought 
Bout to get on dis black ops once i find dat bit lol 
Green and yellow green and yellow ... cheeseheads goin stupid haha 
Wacthin rugby and eating hot wings ... ish kinda cool 
damn gas high as fuck ! 
Almost got a speeding ticket in sc started to mash out on dey ass till i got cross da ga border ... ended up wit a warning hahaha bitches 
Jus one of dem days where it feel like cant shit touch you 
damn i done heard of leaving a lasting impression on someone but GODDAMN !!! let da shit go ... fly away < PROPFEMALE > lol 
I see now dat imma have to go ghost for a < PROPFEMALE > move to another state and change my damn name 
This sucks ... 
damn they finally got me smh 
This day succcckkkkkkksssss ... if u refer to my first status today u will see i had that same feeling earlier sometimes u can jus feel it lol 
bow chicka wow wow ... 
