Talk with me :] 

That rain was killer today . Super tried from skateboarding today , but I got 9 bank and i did the ceral bowl :D Not that many of you even know what those things are ... :] 
WARPED TOUR ' 09 ! Its gonna be amazing :] 
Rentrer en Soi . 
I'm probably too stubborn for my own good . Oh well . 
Oh , hair dye . How you will always be my current affair ... 
Return Fire !! Ahh !!!! 
Haha , I love pirate english . 
Just listened to out last choir concert on youtube . Thanks < PROPFEMALE > :P 
Arcane Sky ( my band ) just got our first original song put together . Gonna get to recording it soon (: 
Ow ! Paper cut ! : x 
Huhzzah ! ( Is there any right way to spell that ? Lol . ) 
Pool isn't as hard as I thought it would be . Now , < PROPMALE > Krueger pinball ? That's a whole different topic . 
Um , lol ? 
Too many people to ache over 
... And I still give trust so lightly ... 
Now I can only see in black & white . I hear your bark but where's your bite ? 
Officially a misanthrope . 
The lovely bones . 
I wanna meet people who ask questions not to hear themselves talk but to know the answers , people smarter than me , people who smile at strangers , people who are not socially challenged , people who surprise me , people who are better than they realize , people who are getting better ... 
Blimey , the < PROPFEMALE > is bloody brilliant tonight . I think I'd fancy a cup of tea . Or a walk in the park ... If I wasn't so gutted . Guess I gotta keep my pecker up ! ( iloveengland ) 
Insanity is interesting . 
Lovin that Big Bad Voodoo Daddy . (: 
More peircings !!!! Yaya . 
Life has a funny , but effective , way of teaching us lessons . I'm intrigued . <3 
Being sick is not cool :( 
Tattoos and a switchblade attitude , snakebite heart with a bubble gum smile . 
Soooo ready for summer . 
It's okay . \ 
\ 
Seasons are changing , \ 
And waves are crashing , \ 
And stars are falling all for us . \ 
Days grow longer and nights grow shorter 
misses her best friend . 
Oh mann . (: 
Beauty is in the eye of the beholder . 
Tomorrow should be interesting . Three more days til the weekend - in counting . 
askjdh . School is so pointless at this point . lol . 
Speechless . 
However weird or dumb it may sound , I realized today that Hogwarts will always be home to me . 
Summer is gooood . 
Lol , i love how people use status updates for basically everything BUT their status updates . 
Need to get out of Colorado ! 
I'm sad that I've been missing adventure time D: 
An eye for an eye can make the world blind . 
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH < PROPMALE > POTTER AND THE DEATHLY HALLOWS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! \ 
<3 <3 <3 <3 
People can be sooo dumb !!!! Pisses me off ... 
Got so bored that I'm liking over 40 pages ... LOL . 
Need to get away for awhile lol . 
Anyone got tumblr ? Just joined . 
Lol i need to get more sleep . 
One more round <3 
<3 
I need people in life who will always be there \ 
for me and want to be , not people who are there sometimes or when they \ 
feel like it , or when they just happen to remember I exist . 
Just don't go fallin in love 
Awkwardd . lol . 
Debating dying my hair brown or black . I'm tried of upkeeping the blonde , and it's definitely not good for my hair , lol . Leave me a comment and tell me what you think ? 
Haha . I wanna do this for funn . Like this status and I'll tell you one thing I like about you , one that I don't , my first impression , and a confession . (: 
Who's going to warped tour in Colorado ?? 
HEY !!! YOU ! YEAH , YOU !!! \ 
Hit me up and let's < PROPFEMALE > out !!!! :D \ 
DO IT 
Saturday night with best friendd . < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > <3 
I <3 Adventure Time . 
Going camping ... wish me luck lol . 
What to do what to do . Is summer almost over already ?? 
Some people just aren't even worth a short paragraph on how awful they are in a facebook status update . 
An idea is like a virus . 
The world is such a corrupted place , and yet something amazing and beautiful comes out of it everyday . 
Did anyone else catch those full double rainbows today ? One word . EPIC . 
It's sad that you have Senioritis when your both not even in school yet \ 
AND your not even a Senior . I am a perfect example of this , lol . 
Crazy night , pretty sure I'm going insane . lol . Oh well ! (: 
I love going on those drives by yourself - they are really nice . 
Friday the 13th .... my lucky day . (: 
In the words of < PROPFEMALE > ; \I\ 
Party foul . 
Honestly , I don't really like facebook at all . The only reason I use it is because everyone that I wanna keep updated with uses it . LOL . 
After every low comes a high . 
A scattered memory like a far-off dream .. \ 
A far-off dream like a scattered memory . \ 
I want to line the pieces up ... \ 
yours , and mine . 
I want to be a pirate , like Captain < PROPFIRST > Sparrow . 
Really wants to be Roxas for Halloween this year !! 
Fyi to those of you who didn't know , I never moved lmao . I switched schools . And I did that because Overland sucks at teaching ( with a few exceptions ) . Tell me if it's gotten better this yearr . 
Oh and here's your knife . You know , the one you left in my back . 
Fun night last night <3 
I'm sorry that you had to jump to conclusions and put words in my mouth , leaving us in ruins , just because you were thinking so selfishly that you never even stopped to think that maybe not everything is as it appears . 
Hella . 
Amazing weekend . Hope there will be many more like it (: 
School seems like it might be fun this year . lol . 
NDK is amazing . 
Freakin amazing weekend ! Again , lol . Two in a row ? I wanna keep this streak going . (: 
Caught up in my own little dream world . 
Sonic slushies = <3 
?????????... 
Lol i just love my weekends now . Period . 
I missed Adventure Time .... again D: 
I've decided on what I want to do in life , and now more than ever I am determined to do it . I'll get there some how ... <3 
LOL . 
Lovin my life . (: not gonna let anyone get in my way or bring me down . 
Uuuuugggghhhh . Being sick is so lamee . :/ 
I have nothing to say to you . 
This weekend does not want me to do anything with my life ... 
Content . (: 
wow ... just wow . (: 
its so amazing how sometimes the most amazing people come into your life right as you're hoping for them . 
Love my life <3 
Another day with < PROPFEMALE > Starks <3 
I don't know , don't ask meeeee 
The heart can be the biggest deceiver , or the only thing that is really telling the truth . \ 
The tricky part is being able to tell the difference . 
iodgaf . 
Mind > matter 
Gloomy days are almost always off days for me . :/ 
I wonder how I should feel . 
Lol , I'm totally a wanted wizard . Wonder what I did (: 
At the windows store with < PROPFEMALE > Wollesen ..... wow this is a big computer . (: 
Sextape . <3 
Mind > Matter . ? 
I got birds in my ears and a devil on my shoulder . 
Wow it's only 12 something ... It feels way later lol . 
? ? 
Impossible was never possible for me . 
I hate getting bruises . 
I guess you never know how truly close you are to the edge until something tries to push you off of it . 
OH MY BUDDHA ! ? 
OMG < PROPMALE > POTTER IS COMING OUT ! SO STOKED !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! <3 
So ... Like this status and I'll tell you one thing that I honestly think about you . (: 
All reasonable thought is being drowned out ... <3 
Are you hoping for a miracle ? ? 
BRING THE RAIN ! 
< PROPMALE > POTTER COMES OUT THIS WEEK !!!! AHHHHH !!!! <3 
& sometimes you just have to sit there and wonder ; how did this even happen ? † 
Getting a tattoo for my birthday ! Excited . 
is currently in existence . 
I love < PROPMALE > Potter . 
I solemnly swear I am up to no good . 
Suddenly between sheets and eyelids , \ 
I am reminded why I don't do this 
I just need to live in Japan . lol . 
Idgaf . 
\your nicotine addiction makes me cold . \ " lol having to roll down the windows in the car when anyone wants to smoke . " 
... interesting . Lol . (: 
You really are my ecstasy ... <3 
Classic . 
One today is worth two tomorrows , so live each one to it's fullest . No one makes it out alive anyways . 
wants a Hogwarts acceptance letter for Christmas . Lmao . 
You would be in fantastic shape if you ran like your mouth . Just sayin . 
The world can be such an awkward place . Lol . 
So , I have a gut feeling that I'm not getting any sleep tonight .... 
Is on the pursuit of happiness 
f u . ? 
Words just can't describe how I feel anymore . They used to be able to betray it perfectly , but now they just seem limp and useless compaired to my emotions ... maybe that's why i just don't say much lately ? 
I'm sorry but uh , idgaf . ? 
needs a change . 
is gonna start kicking life's ass . (: 
what can you say when you have no words .. 
Having a lovely time with < PROPFEMALE > Starks ; eating pizza and listening to MGMT <3 
We don't sleep when the sun goes down\ 
We don't waste our precious time ... 
Missing someone isn't about how long it's been since you've seen them or the amount of time since you've talked . It's about that very moment when you find yourself doing something & wishing they were right there next to you . 
So if you wanna come in then come in , disappear into me tonight . & if you wanna give in then give in ... anything that you feel is right 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas . <3 
I want that Captain < PROPFIRST > Sparrow swag 
I've got a tight grip on reality but I can't\ 
Let go of what's in front of me here ... 
think i'm going crazy . lovely . 
Feeling a bit anti-social ... 
Sooo ... possibly getting my angel bites done . Tattoo on my birthday . aand getting my septum re-repierced in like a week . Fun fun fun lol . 
And maybe that's what happens when a tornado meets and volcano . \ 
All I know is that I love you too much to just walk away , though . 
If you were to be happy all the time you would know nothing of trails or hardships , & those things are what makes a person who they are . Being happy 24/7 is the best way to be ignorant . Its hard , but what doesn't kill you only makes you stronger . 
Everyone changes . Change is a fact of life . But it's the people that stick with you through the change and the pain , no matter what , that are the ones you should care about . 
I've come to realize that things really aren't as bad as they seem anymore ... you just have to deal with it and move on 
If you love to listen to and sing jpop/rock & kpop/rock but you're not Japanese or Korean , does that make you a nerd ? lol 
:/ 
Gotta love insomnia ... 
I just don't want to be awake anymore at all ; and yet I find that I can never sleep at night ... 
I've come to realize that after you get a car , a little more than half of your life is probably spent in it . lmao 
Well . Never doing that again . lol . 
California is calling me . 
Birthday in T- 3 days . Lol . 
it's been awhile , hasn't it ... 
Damn . Time flies 
Can honestly say I had a happy birthday . Thanks for all the wishes and to all the people who made it a good day (: 
There are just some songs your never forget the words to , no matter how much time has passed . 
Just a little pissed off . 
< PROPFEMALE > Starks , you are pretty much the best friend I could have ever asked for now . Thanks for everything . <3 
Offically just saw my first UFO . Lol 
Don't test me . Not in the mood for bullshit anymore . 
I hate not being able to sleep . Really I do . 
? 
I <3 < PROPMALE > Potter 
Something epic is about to happen . I can tell . Lol 
had a very good day . \ 
I feel accomplished (: 
is currently in existence . Nothing more , nothing less . 
????????????? 
Sick of girls . In general , really ... with only a few exceptions . 
You're just asking for it now . 
I <3 vitaminwater (: 
Draco Dormiens Nunquam Titillandus . 
Kore wa Zombie desu < PROPFEMALE > ? <3 
If I wake up tomorrow will you still be here ? 
Is it just me or has FB been acting alittle retarded lately ? 
When nothing goes right ... go left . 
Ouch . 
Sorry that I trip up and make mistakes . Sorry that I have problems because of my past . But I would never use you or anyone , and I would never trample on what we have knowingly . Don't be mistaken . 
feels lucky to have people who care so much . <3 
And if the silence takes you , then I hope it takes me too . 
\We're all mad here . \ " <3 " 
idgaf anymore . 
Its only awkward if you make it that way . 
I fought the war , but the war won't STOP for the love of God . I fought the war , I fought the war , but the war won . 
Seriously ? Keep my name out yo mouth . If it's not your business then you should know to stay out of it . 
Do me this solid , if you would pretty lady , please grab your martini and meet me on the balcony . 
Mean it truly , sincere heart .. \ 
Why do you do this to me ? \ 
Tear me apart . 
I think it's about time to change it up 
WWHPD ? 
Sometimes you have to just walk away to see if anyone cares enough to < PROPMALE > you . 
But baby , i think things will turn out fine . 
If You Don't Like My Peaches Don't Shake My Tree 
You're just somewhere that I've been , \ 
And I won't go back again . 
Interesting day with < PROPFEMALE > Starks 
Life is too short to wake up in the morning with regrets . So , love the people who treat you right and forget about the ones who do not . 
Worth it or not . I wonder . 
Simple as this ; < PROPFEMALE > Starks is AMAZING , and I <3 her very much . 
\I don't go looking for trouble . Trouble usually finds me . \"" 
\Can't promise that things won't be broken 
Sleep is the cousin of death . 
Remember when you were a madman ? Thought you was Batman ! 
Sometimes I feel like I should speak out about how much I fucking dislike you . But I think I'll keep it to myself . This is what we would call avoiding drama when people are trying to start shit . 
I do my thing , I'm livin in my own world . ? 
I want to see Sucker Punch so freakin bad . 
Why is finding a job so difficult nowadays ? pfft . 
One of those days where I just want to just go to bed and never wake up . 
& I can tell just what you want , you don't want to be alone . 
Sometimes I can't believe it ... I'm moving past the feeling . 
There are so many variables , and humans and our sanity , its all so fragile . Its scary to think that if the balance tipped too far you could go insane . Honestly I am so amazed that we can live normally or at all . 
\We are all cuddle puddlin through technology\ " lol <3 " 
Nothing will ever be perfect , but I think I like it that way . 
I wish I wasn't so helpless in this situation .. I wish there was something more I could do about what you're facing . A way I could help . I never want to see you in pain or in trouble . Yet I'm helpless like this , for now ... 
\Don't write A check with your mouth that you can't cash with your ass . \"" 
If yesterday wasn't seriously an eventful/busy day then I really don't know what would be lol . 
Fuck this shit , I'm going to Hogwarts . 
Being a hopeless romantic sucks . 
Gauged my ears up , my hair is now shockingly pretty much white-blonde , finally got a job which means I'm gonna have money , and I enjoy working there ... life is good . 
< PROPFIRST > Darko . <3 
I forgot that this is why I rarely let people in anymore . 
Very fed up ... if things don't change soon there will be some problems ... 
Don't cry , I'll bring this home to you . If I can make this night light enough to move . 
Hi < PROPFEMALE > you forgot to log out on my phone and now you've been hacked ! \ 
-Love < PROPFIRST > . (: 
I ? < PROPFEMALE > Boop . And because I actually know and love her show , not because I saw her on a handbag or jacket and thought she looked cute . 
Fuck it . 
I don't need to sing like i care about material things . I just want ... 
I can't slow down , I won't be waiting for you . 
I want to once again become numb . 
We move just like the < PROPFEMALE > and sun . 
Isn't it pretty to think so ? 
Respect & follow through with my request when I seriously ask something reasonable of you , and I won't have to bother you about it again , & also you'll get something positive from me and our relationship will better itself in return . Is it really that complicated ? 
Fuck that shit , get outta your mind . 
Fuckyou . 
If you'd let me , I could , I'd show you how to build your fences , set restrictions . 
Yess only 3 more hours of work and then i'm off for two days <3 and I get Saturday off next week ! Score . 
Everything just seems so black and white now .. 
Tiring . But really good day . (: 
Don't really know what to think at this point . 
Anything going on tonight ? 
:( 
I'm not your toy <3 
Yup . I'm done with this shit . 
So pack your cigarettes twice as hard , trying to numb all those ancient scars . 
Would you be there for me ? Would you betray me , save me ? 
: c 
Lol fuck everyone who brings you down , just remember to stay positive and that nothing is impossible . 
I think I lost my mind then got it back . 
Just never going to get my hopes up anymore or expect anything of anyone . It'll be easier that way , I think . 
Lovely night . Happy anniversary @ < PROPFIRST > Rodman <3 
I almost forgot how much I love Kingdom Hearts II 
This summer is going to be pretty epic , I can already tell . 
Don't really know what to say ... 
Taking it all day by day . 
. 
new phone , text me & let me know who you are lol . 
The way you're moving in your sleep , \ 
The way you look before you leap , \ 
The strange illusions that you keep , \ 
You don't know but I'm noticing . <3 
\I feel like i'm a victim ... of youth \"" 
I'm livin in my own world . 
Just need to get out of here . 
Yesss , summer weather . Finally <3 
cannot wait to go swimming this summer . 
Boredom ; the sickness we can never cure . 
Work is actually kind of fun today . (: want to go swimming though . 
Anyone wanna chill this summer ? Feel like I've lost touch with a lot of you guys . lol . 
Ughh . Woke up two mornings in a row with the worst pain in my head . Getting my stupid head cold back . Haven't even wanted to move these past few days . And I have work tomorrow .... :/ 
Ok . If it wasnt clear to you before , my feelings aren't a fucking toy . 
Let me be the one to save you . 
Just one more year . 
good night despite the occasional downers 
Anything fun going down tonight that isn't edc ? 
yup . always alone . that much never changes . 
I love getting paid . lol 
\Like this status 
I know I'm not perfect and I know I make mistakes . But I'll always try to make up for it the best I can if you're important to me , and my intentions are never ones meant for hurt . 
Getting a puppy (: 
Loong day at work tomorrow . Can't wait until I can go to a concert or parade or something that I'll really enjoy and just have fun . 
Forever . Eventually . Ever . Never . 
Everything is a love-hate relationship . 
Everyone was right . Being 17 really does suck because its right before you turn 18 . 
.......... 
Too good to be true . 
I am the deepest ocean , the most treacherous sea . \ 
And the most ominous of any abyss . 
I love having days off . 
Just got done drawing the newest tattoo I want . It felt so good to draw again . Should I post it ? 
This is driving me insane . 
This lightning is fantastic . 
I feel like things are getting better and worse all at the same time ... lol 
I <3 fireworks . Seriously , wish we had firework shows more often in the summer here . 
If there is one thing most people cannot understand , it's love . 
I see something in the nothingness if you could picture this . ? 
< PROPMALE > Potter swag . Lol < PROPFIRST > Radcliff said swag . Going to try talking in a Biritsh accent all day in honor of the World Premier of < PROPMALE > Potter and the Deathly Hallows Pt . 2 today . <3 <3 My life is almost over lmfao D; 
Going ghost for awhile . See you guys on the flip side . 
If only forgetting you was as easy as pointing a wand at my head and saying , \Obliviate . \"" 
Take it all in stride . 
< PROPMALE > Potter > Everything else . 
summer of intense storms 
Cleaning out my computer today and probably just chillin . Freakin out though ... only two more days ... 
< PROPMALE > Potter tonight ... then I will be a mental zombie for the rest of the week ... I've stuck with < PROPMALE > and been obsessed since I was 9 to the very end . Epic feelings ... 
It won't ever be the same without you , < PROPMALE > Potter . But on a brighter note , happy anniversary to < PROPFIRST > , its been a long time . <3 And to < PROPFEMALE > , thank you for everything . <3 
Yeah , I'm going to trip up . It happens . But that never means that I'm not trying my best to be better . 
I miss your smile . \ 
But i miss mine even more . 
So ... Warped Tour ? I think yes . 
I've been learning lately that you can't keep a grudge forever , because then you can't go on truely living . But that never means that you should just forget what happened .. 
I just don't feel the need to put effort into things I'm not interested in anymore , I'm done pretending to be something I'm not just to impress others or make them happy . 
... 
I've gotten so tan this summer compared to what i usually am . I'm so proud of myself ha 
Stay positive . 
So tired ... of everything currently ... 
Wow ..... 
Lol sorry , I don't stand for bullshit . If you do something dumb and disrespectful I'm gonna call you out . Simple as that . 
We don't sleep we come alive . 
Can't wait for NDK . So stoked 
currently content with where life is going . 
I've been right , i've been left , i've been wrong , i've been left behind . I've been up , but mostly down 
One thing i love about my work ; iced chai lattes every day lol . 
:( Why is it that even when I do the right thing everything seems to have a way of backfiring or blowing up in my face ... 
I could really go for some Adventure Time right now . 
& sometimes , I swear , this will be the death of me . 
So call the mainland from the beach , part of which is washed up in bleach ... The waves are rising for this time of year . 
Like my status if you want to know . \ 
1 . How we met\ 
2 . Your name in my phone\ 
3 . Best feature\ 
4 . Who you are to me\ 
5 . What I like about you\ 
6 . What I dislike about you\ 
7 . Favorite memory of us\ 
8 . First impression\ 
9 . How close are we\ 
10 . Do I challenge you to put this as your status 
I know we're getting better , even if its slowly but surely . That's why I'll always keep trying . 
There are a few things I will always enjoy in life ... and that is < PROPMALE > Potter ( <3<3 ) , The Sims , Kingdom Hearts , MapleStory and Anime . :D 
I'm really too young to be feeling this old . 
I wonder what changes this year will bring . 
I need to be 18 already . 
Work seems to last forever sometimes ... & i just wanna chill in a hot tub currently lol . 
The forbidden fruit always tastes the sweetest . 
Went with < PROPFEMALE > Starks to get her tattoo today ... its beautiful ! And she didn't show any sign of pain ... scary .... <3 
I hate this . 
Its official , my co-workers are awesome . 
I have a feeling today will be a good day . 
I can be your trebel , baby , you can be my bass 
Seeing the 25th anniversary performance of < PROPMALE > miserab < PROPMALE > ! Should be interesting 
Is only human . 
Our worst battle is between what we know and how we feel . 
Dear Heartbeat , 
I need to go to shows and stuff more oftenn . 
\Come at me 
T-Minus one day . Extremely excited . NDK <3 
Wow . Intense . Lol 
This connection between them was almost electric now . Out of space , out of time . Beyond the confines of dreams or reality . 
Wooww ... Thanks . 
ugghhh so much school workk ... gotta get it done though :/ 
I , I love you like a love song . 
Lol (: Today is gonna be a good day , I can already tell . 
\I don't look good in normal . That's why I don't do it . \"" 
Ughh of course i have work early the morning after a saturday night lol . 
Humans are odd , fascinating , dark & imaginative creatures . I am one myself , and yet I don't fully understand our nature . Why we do , or think certain things . Strange ... & interesting , isn't it ? 
& It almost feels like déjà vu .... 
Lol I bet no one will recognize me anymore ... xD 
I want to be a vampire like the ones in The Sims 3 . That would be amazinggg 
I hate this feeling ... :/ 
I guess sometimes it takes hitting rock bottom for a minute , and having almost no one there for you , to realize what you really need and what is really going on . 
Lol . 
So she ran away in her sleep . 
