loves lunchtime with Beana 

started friday singing Bowie's \Golden Years\ " It doesn't get any better than that ! " 
thinks that 73 years is long enough to wait for an English Wimbledon champion , could this be the year ? 
says thankyou to all of those who helped with the saga of the lost phone . Thank you , thank you , thank you , I love you all ! 
is so excited that < PROPMALE > is through to the third round , wahoooooooo !!! 
is exhausted after watching < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > get into the quarterfinals , phew ! 
is excited about the semi finals tomorrow , COME ON < PROPMALE > !! 
says , \ R.I.P. little green truck . \"" 
is lisping and slurping . 
is enjoying her nice shiny new red Mustang ...... for a day ! 
FACEBOOK EXPERIMENT : If you are reading this , even if we don't speak often , POST A COMMENT with a memory of you and me . When you've finished , post this paragraph on your own status and you'll be surprised at what people remember about you ..... 
OK , so this is not my boxer , but this made me laugh so much . This is Fitch my cousin's dog who proves that although you may have a small nose it can still get you into trouble ; case in point , pond scum !! 
is 
is excited about < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > tonight . 
aaaaaaaaaaaaaggggghhhh cars ! 
is celebrating 9 years of marriage and 14 years of togetherness with my bestest friend , love you darling ! 
is undone . 
is watching the leaves slowly turn .... fall is arriving . 
is missing Blofield and all who are in it . 
is invigorated , energized and full to overflowing with the love of Christ and His covenant community . 
is loving all of this British rainy weather here in St. < PROPFIRST > . 
cannot wait for turkey , trimmings and lots of Thanksgiving !! 
is feeling sentimental and nostalgic . 
is singing Christmas songs and will not stop until January ! 
If you don't know , as of today , Facebook will automatically index all your info on Google , which allows everyone to view it . To change this option , go to Settings --> Privacy Settings --> Search --> then UN-CLICK the box that says ' Allow indexing ' . Facebook ... kept this one quiet . Copy and paste onto your status 
is c-c-c-cold ! 
Its WAYBACK WEEK !!!!!! RETRO RETRO RETRO RETRO Everyone change your profile pic to a throwback picture of yourself when you were young !! Copy and paste this , and lets see how cute ( LOL ) we all were !!! WAYBACK WEEK !!!!! 
has forgotten what the sun looks like , NO MORE FOG ! 
is waiting for the weekend ! 
Can someone please talk to Punxsutawney < PROPMALE > and ask him to reconsider his prediction !! 
eeek , everything is topsy turvy ! 
To Celebrate Valentines Day , Change your Profile Picture to you and your spouse/significant other . and make sure to tell how long you've been together ! Copy and Paste this to your profile Together : 14 years ; Married : 9 years , Love you babe ! 
Happy pancake day . Pancakes were made on Shrove Tuesday so that the last of the fatty , < PROPMALE > foods could be used up before Lent . In England in 1444 a housewife was still busy frying pancakes to eat before the Lenten fast when she heard the bells of St < PROPFIRST>'s calling her to the Shriving Service . She ran out of her house still holding the frying pan complete with pancake , still wearing her apron . Pancake race anyone ? 
wonders why a < PROPFEMALE > is like a writing desk ? 
Ahoy ! 
on the kitchen counter . 
Rocking in a rustling green tree , with a west wind blowing and bright white clouds flitting rapidly above : and not only larks , and blackbirds , and linnets , and cuckoos pouring out music on every side , and the moors seen at a distance , broken into cool dusky dells ; but close by great swells of long grass undulating in waves to the breeze ; and the woods and sounding water ; and the whole world awake and wild with joy . 
is under a benign sky ; watched the moths fluttering among the < PROPMALE > , and hare-bells ; listened to the soft wind breathing through the grass ; and wondered how anyone could ever imagine unquiet slumbers . 
FOOTBALL IS COMING HOME !! 
Let the Vuvuzelas roar \Come on England \"!!!" 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > it is time to make < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > proud . 
COME ON < PROPMALE > !!! 
Thank you for all your wonderful birthday wishes . I will think of you when I am having my afternoon cocktail by the beach . 
is missing the sound of the ocean and family to enjoy it with . 
never thought that playing a game that involves a shiny mythical creature would be so addictive ...... thanks < PROPFEMALE > , the mere mention of Robot Unicorn Attacks was enough . 
is packing packing packing . 
10 years ago , August 28th I married my best friend . I love you Jonny ... always will . 
believes great things of a great God . 
Home again home again jiggity jig . 
I love frosty mornings . 
. Are there any Brits out there who would like to burn an effigy of the man who tried to blow up parliament tonight ? 
HP7 SO EXCITED ! 
RIP < PROPFIRST > barley wahley farley . She was a good old girl of 11 1/2 a fantastic age for a Boxer . She will be sorely missed and fondly remembered . Goodbye fuzzy . 
Bring on the frost and snow . 
I am ready for the freeze your nose off weather to be a little warmer ... yikes ! 
3 inches pah ! More like SNOW DAY !! 
Thankfulness is something to be practiced until it becomes habit & will transform you along the way . 
Mumford and Sons rocked the Grammies . 
