Haven't POSTED one of these things in awhile so yea . :) HIKE tomorrow , dragging them up to SOUTH MOUNTAIN !? I think thats where we are going . I have fantastic ideas , haven't been hiking in AWHILE ! :D WOOOHOOOOO gosh i'm really bored .... What about you guys ? 

coming home today !!! Woot WOOT . THATS RIGHT MOM , YOUR 2 PAIN IN THE BUTTS ARE COMING HOME !! HAHA :P 
Home !!!! woot ! 
Hanging out with < PROPFIRST > ! O_o bored !! 
Turkey on bread ( with no chips ) , Spaghetti ( out of the question ) , or Cereal ?? 
School Monday , Have schedule !! 
Took a nap . Ha ha Don't judge me !! 
school tomorrow .... :) 
Oh and i decorated my room and cleaned it !!! It's beautiful , YEEEAAAA < PROPMALE > ! 
first day of school , and the walk from the bus stop to my house ...... was hotter then hell !!! It was fun 
Took a nap from 7:00 to 11:00 :P ( jealous ) and then went straight to sleep ..... I skipped out on dinner , dang it !!! 
Already doing homework !!! Second day of school ..... alot of writing . Dang it Hamilton !! 
Okay i'm out !! tired as heck , have to get up at 5:00 am . Wish to still be getting up at 7:00 am , PUEBLO I MISS YOU !!!! 
Ahhh loving theater and spanish !!! :P 
Tomorrows going to be a good day , i can feel it . Tomorrow i have to wake up 30 < PROPFEMALE > earlier to catch the bus !! :) 
eating cereal to hold me over !! It's actually really good !!! 
So glad its the weekend , i think i was really tired !! ha 
The weekends already over !! It drags when time just goes by , hmm ... 2nd week of school . 
oh yeah , also getting off . 
another headache .... going to try to sleep it off . bye 
Get to do an activity in honors biology with meal worms !!!! AHA , this is going to be different . 
The rain was fantastic last night !! Excited for theater class !! :) 
wishes i had long hair !! :\\ 
Is annoyed ..... ugh . :\\ 
Love getting 11 pages of homework each night !! :| 
Wants food in my BELLY !!! :) 
Went to the orthodontics today , then about a 2 hours later i went to the dentist . Woo Hoo i got my expander off , but my mouth hurts !! 
Having play tryouts this monday . Going to go to it just for fun , who know . I might actually get a part !! :) 
Really , there is nothing on my mind . Still kinda out of it right now !! :\\ 
Practice makes perfect !! haha :) 
auditions today ... O_o 
I'll make you banana pancakes , pretend like it's the weekend now . And we can pretend it all the time , yea . :) < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is the best !! 
It's crazy sock day .... And i have no crazy socks !! :P 
Hot and < PROPFEMALE > for the rest of the week . Yea ....... :\\ 
Would like to wash my amazingly awesome pants !! :) 
Ummm , about to clean the kitchen ... and blast my music through out the house !! :) 
Today just feels like a lazy day !! :) 
Days just seem to be passing me by !! :) 
Making music for my solo performance in drama !! 
TGIF !!! haha :) 
No goofing around today , i really have to make my music for drama . :\\ 
I really cant believe it not butter !!! ( Saying i really can't believe tomorrows is monday !! ) ugh 
going to the bus stop ..... Yea ..... :\\ 
and if you say , this life ain't good enough . I would give my world to lift you , i could change my life to better suit your mood , cause you're so smooth 
Oh < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > , she fell in love in East L.A. , to the sounds of the guitar , yea yea , played by < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > . :) 
Officially know what I'm doing for my solo pantomime !! :) 
Just got done with bio . and watching the move \The color purple\ " . Bored ..... :D " 
Going to watch < PROPFEMALE > of the dead with mi mama !! Text . :) 
3 test today , but its okay . Once this week finishes i'm on break . Woot Woot ! :) 
Aced my History exam , got a B on my Spanish exam , and I'm unsure about my honors bio .... :D 
is about to punch my brother !!! O_o 
Got rubber bands for my braces , tighter wire , ans rubber bands around certain teeth to force my bottom gap shut and top one . MY mouth is killin me !!! 
15 more day till our Halloween party . Just finally realized how much needs to get done . Im gonna go finish the project i started for it about a 2 months ago !!! haha 
Have 13 different costume ideas . All revolving around the same thing , they sound really cool !! Don't know which one to pick !! ugh . 
Party today ! gonna take a shower , finish the house , and get into costume !! :D 
Burnt my tongue on hot tea !!! 
well my jaw must have been relaxed , because i just slobbered on myself !! Haha :P Going to the bus stop . 
To ten million fireflies I'm weird ' cause I hate goodbyes I got < PROPFEMALE > eyes as they said farewell :) 
Going to be laughing at everyone when they scream !! Hahaha :P 
Halloween tomorrow !!!!! I'm so going trick-or-treat 
Went to MonsterLand yesterday , pretty good . :) Treak-or-treating to day !! WOOT WOOT !! :) 
In the 80's this week , i wish it was cold again !! 
Eating some yummy spaghetti !! :) 
Slept wrong , back is killing me !!! :( Of to the bus stop ..... YEEAAA ???? 
Going to importance of being < PROPMALE > tonight ( At Hamilton high school ) , Anyone else going ?? 
IS RIGHT BEHIND YOU !! haha you actually looked !!! =) 
Have you ever had a fly or small bug land on your computer screen and your first reaction is to try and scare it with the cursor ? 
Time to go find my stretchy pants !! Yummm .... Haha Happy Thanksgiving everyone =] 
Do you ever get those moments when you know you placed something somewhere , and then when you go to get it you can't find it !! And on top of that you really really need it , and you spend about an hour and a half retracing your steps ..... AND YOU STILL CAN'T FIND IT !! 
That was the first time i actually liked walking home from school !!! Gosh i love the rain !! :) 
Plan starting right now : Clean kitchen , homework , shower , sleep , Get up , eat the rest of the granola stuff my bro made , bus stop , then school . That sounds about right =D 
Blue and Gray :D 
I'm bored , text me .... IF YOU DON'T KNOW MY NUMBER , ASK !!! or i will PUNCH YOU IN THE FACE !!!! :) 
Okay I would love to see Journey in concert if < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > got back with the group !! Haha Favorite songs Send her my love , Separate ways , Who's crying now , and lights . :) Plus his hair looks so silky soft . haha :P 
Keeps getting distracted !! Haha i swear computers are the worst thing when you are trying to get things done !! lol :) 
Got into APAC , I'm so happy !! I think that made my week !! :D 
I own a goat !!! Haha < PROPFEMALE > , we are lame ..... :D 
Loving the thunder !! :) Haha Also i'm writing that script for Spanish 2 . Um , yea it's pretty ridiculous !! going to sound weird because i'm tired , so everything probably not going to make sense ..... O_o 
Though i didn't know Ms. Puetz very well , i feel the need to pay my respect towards her . I do not think we should be sad that she has left us , but feel happiness for her because she is in a place the is a BILLION times better then here . No more pain , but happiness . We shall miss her , but she is in a better place now . :) 
Not digging the rain to much . The tile in my room has water all over it because there is a \Hole\ " In my wall that is allowing the water to enter !!! Had all my books and cloths on the floor and they are SOAKED !!!! Wishes the rain would stop !! :( " 
Wow , Tornado might hit in Scottsdale . Really strange , i mean never heard of tornadoes in Arizona . haha 
Time is a great teacher , but unfortunately it kills all its pupils . - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Berlioz 
Let's kick back for the moment . Toss all your worries in the air . ' Cause you forget them when you're there . Let's go Outback tonight . Let's go Outback tonight . Life will still be there tomorrow . :D Guess what i'm eating tonight !? lol 
{ Singing}I got birds in my ears , and a devil on my shoulder , and a phone to the other , and I can't get a hold of her . 
Going to Guys and Dolls today . :) 
Guys and dolls was REALLY good . The only problem was the their voices were being drowned out by the music . Other then that , it was very entertaining to watch ! 
Writing my comedy script for theater class . ( i'm not funny , so this assignment is very hard ! ) :) 
Tired of the same boring routine . Wants to get out and EXPLORE the world .... but no , i'm stuck in boring desert Arizona . :( 
Well cramming in lots of work last minute , not as fun as i thought . I'm being very pessimistic today , hopefully tomorrow i will be optimistic .... i doubt it . lol :) 
Is in a happy mood today . Although i am a < PROPMALE > bit bored so text me 480-522-6853 :) 
Just finished editing my comedy script for theater . Not to bad , i must say . :D 
Stuck at the library . :| Bored .... 
I get this question alot , why don't i like screamo ? Mainly because throughout their whole song , they are yelling . Then I get to the point when i feel like they are actually yelling at me , and i want to scream back \I DIDN'T DO ANYTHING . \ " that is why i don't like it . :) " 
My niece decided to draw me a pretty picture in my new math book .... in pen . God i love her . :) 
Boys , they are so predictable . :) 
Slept through my alarm . Going to school now . Bye :) 
I'm pretty sure i'm going a < PROPMALE > bit crazy .... O_o 
Have you ever liked someone and then afterwards was like what the hell was i thinking !? 
My privacy was invaded during Spanish class ! They played my favorite band ( Journey ) in bio , and Drama was just strange today . Haha overall i would say today was a good day ! 
Feels sick , my stomach hurts alot . 
Think i'm actually getting sick , thats the first . Blah sore throat ! Sucking it up and going to school . I'ma laugh when i infect everyone with it . :D 
I go the coolest shirt every !! Haha I'm such a nerd . It's an old TV show i use to watch called the angry beavers . Haha it's my new favorite shirt ! 
{ SiNgInG } You can do better , you can do better , you can be the greatest man in the world ! ( I swear i love Say Anything ! ) 
It was a long day today , avoiding the back rooms because i heard a creepy noise come from back there . Scarryy !!! :| 
Haha well i made my brother come back home to check if there was a killer in my house . < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > came with him and i wasn't wearing a bra ... because i was outside waiting .... embarrassing . Wow i didn't feel very pretty , looked like a hideous monster with nasty hair .... Great . What a fantastic way to make a first impression !! :\\ 
Woke up this morning alive , that's always a good thing !! Haha . Ummm ...... nothing more to say . How your guys day so far ? 
Baking Peanut butter chocolate chip cookies . :) Lets see how my homemade cookies come out .... Keeping in mind they might suck . :D 
\Awww .... You look so ugly when you cry . \ " Haha i love watching the show Archer . :D " 
is getting bored of facebook . Going to go play fallout 3 . Bye , text me . :) 
Today i .... Got four hours of sleep , went to villageinn and was disgusted by im pretty sure was two girls kissing in the booth behind us , danced to cumbia music , played modern warfare with < PROPMALE > , and am now cleaning and on facebook . Today was interesting . :) 
So yard work is always fun . Especially the itchiness you get afterwards . Needs to take a shower , because sweat and grass mixed together is not a good smell for me . Haha :D 
So my brother told me yesterday that i have the attention span of 3 seconds , and yet he puts me in charge of the cookies . Luckily he put a timer on it or they would have burnt .... again . lol :) 
Had fun the last couple hours of my day . :] Today was good , i'm just going to end it right now . I'll wake up early and get done what i need to get down . Btw i am a horrible cook . :P 
So i was watching Blue's Clues with my niece , and i realized that < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > look like they hate their job !! 0_o 
When life hands you lemons .... Deal with it ! At least they aren't rotten . -anonymous :D 
Due to lovely people that i was talking to last night , for what seemed like forever and a day ... I am extremely tired , but not like i can sleep , because i want to say i have at least up to 4 hours of homework . Gotta love ' Em . haha i wont be on today , text me if you want too ... although i doubt i will reply ... unless i really care about you . Good day . :) 
Get to stay at school till 2:14 !! Yeaaaaa !!!!!! I'm so excited !!!! Yeaaaa ! :\\ 
Oh yeaaa , i get to go to the orthodontics for an hour so they can rearrange my braces . Which means more pain , or should i say pressure .... hmmm ... I'll check that . 
A lot on my mind , making it hard to concentrate . :| 
i said what what in the butt ... oh i love my theater class . lol :) 
well today i get to be < PROPMALE > !! i want to start doing something , but < PROPFEMALE>'s mama is sleeping . :) 
Posting the wonderful photos of me in an < PROPMALE > mascot costume !! :D 
When will my family learn , that i will win every single fight and argument !! :P 
Well , good luck trying to find a DJ who can move and shake like THIS . hahaha :) 
Feels adorable right now ..... Yes i am just that conceited . Oh goodness i love life . :) 
Going to study as much as i can before tomorrow honors bio test ...... I'm so not ready for it !! 
Stayed after school till 4:30 to make up a couple test . Which i aced . :D Walked home , and was amazed by the clean house my bro and his girlfriend did . Thin i ate some watermelon . :) 
Let's see 7 more days of school , 4 days of actual school . With a 3 day weekend this week , i think i can manage ! It's about time summer vacation came around !! :) 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Okay well i didn't realize how much imma ' miss my Theater class . BTW i want to thank < PROPMALE > for spilling water all over me today in Spanish ! Haha plus I've come to a conclusion that everything looks like a carrot with the lights turned off from far away , oh only if you guys were in my Spanish class would you have gotten ... 
Okay so i went to sleep with my music on , and then i woke up at 3am right when my favorite band , Journey , began to play . I think that's kind of strange , my brain has Journey radars built into it ! :D 
Well this weekend was cool ! My butt got sunburned , so it hurt every time i sat down . Got Kneed in the face a couple times , when everyone decided to jump in the pool together . Lost at every game that we played . And didn't study for finals at all ! YEAAAA AWESOME ! :D 
Is bored . Text me if you want to < PROPFEMALE > . 
I must say , Karate kid was pretty good . Not as good as the original , but i will give it some credit . :) 
Watching reruns of Fear Itself . You would think that by now i would realize that each episode has a twist in it , but every time I'm like wtf what just happened . Lol :P 
Thank you everyone for wishing me happy birthday , even if it was late .... I'm talkin to you < PROPFIRST > . :) Toy story 3 was really cute by the way . 
California in a couple day , Excited !! :) Beach , family , and fun !!! 
Addicted to tough love , watching the last season i missed ! Ohhh i have no life right now . :) 
Had lots of fun in California ! Went to < PROPFEMALE > Beach ( got stung by a jellyfish ) , Family ( dominated in video games ... not really ) , and drove back home . Now watching Pulp Fiction with me lil cuz ! :)) 
So my phone decided to go for a swim . Thinking that i was going to have to mourn my phone death , i left it in the car for a couple hour in the 112° weather . Come back get my phone , wish for a miracle . Then i press the power button , it doesn't turn on . Hold it for 20 seconds , and it's alive and well . Thank God for Arizona heat !!! :D 
I'm so glad my mom is a massage therapist , my legs were dying and now they feel all better !!! :D 
I must say < PROPFIRST > Tosh from Tosh . O is a hotty . Haha my strange taste ! On other note i bought an Xbox 360 because my last one broke . ( I wonder how , ha ) Now i just need to find the wireless adapter or buy a new one . :) 
Okay , so school starts on Monday . Awesome , i guess . Most of my classes seem cool , i have health first period though . :| 
Well ..... Goodbye Summer , and HELLO School !! I'm not sure how i feel about it . Haha 
Today wasn't that bad , and i don't need to change my schedule after all ! :D Just a couple more years , and i''l graduate . Hopefully be able to live in Australia 
So Arizona stopped teasing and finally gave us RAIN !! :D I'm happy , but this means it's going to be really muggy and gross !!! :( 
I'm proud of myself right now !! ? (?????) ? 
Do i look Italian ? This has been the 5th time someone thought i was Italian !! Oh on other note , i love dance ( per . 5) !! haha :) 
Someone told me today i talk to much , ouch . Haha Better than me not saying anything at all !! Gosh . :) 
Blah , I going to FLIPPIN punch him in the face if i ever see him again . :) Haha i just can't believe how you miss pronounce a word that can change everything !! :| 
Thank you < PROPFEMALE > Feinberg for making me laugh so hard , that i am now sick . haha Which doesn't seem possible . Today : Mall , Music videos , and now stupid videos !! :D 
So beat Resident Evil 5 on normal about a month ago , now i'm trying to beat it on veteran with my brother . I'm a nerd . ? (????•?) ? 
Silence is not < PROPFEMALE > in my house . :/ 
I just rug burned my tile burn , that didn't feel pleasant at all . Umm .... Shakespeare competitions today !! :DDD I'm not sure why im up this early , but of to practice for the 5 millionth time . 
Showing the School Spirit tomorrow , for nerd day . haha i love my outfit !! 
I told the witch doctor I was in love with you , I told the witch doctor I was in love with you . then the witch doctor , he told me what to do . He said that ... Ooo eee , ooo ah ah ting tang walla walla , bing bang . Ooo eee , ooo ah ah ting tang walla walla , bing bang ... 
Wow i just burned the back of my leg with a curling iron , i mean you can feel the full out line of it !! Very painful right now . That is going to leave a funny scar . 
Today was a good day . :) 
Blah , not such a good day . It will get better though . 
< PROPMALE > Aldana is the best friend anyone could ask for !! I love you man !! P.S. TELL MOM I SAID HI !!!! :) 
< PROPFEMALE > Vasquez , i got chills they're multiplying !! 
It is IMPOSSIBLE to SPELL < PROPMALE > with your BUTT !!! :) 
Hungry , but to lazy to make me something to eat . The story of my life .... SO HIII ! 
Memorize .... Memorize ... Memorize . My brain hurts ! 
So excited for Utah !!! :) 
Actually saw for the first time a cute pizza guy ! :P 
Wow , a Sweaty morning !! haha Rehearsals went FABULOUS !!! :) Although my hair is still tangled , even though i washed it !! :D 
haha getting CAUGHT in the rain and HIDING under a carport , claiming i'm gonna Die is fun . Then seeing some hail fall in disbelief ... Made my day ! 
Leg cramps . :( Ouch !!! 
I want to go back to sleep , blah . Utah !!! :) 
Awesome Job Hamilton Theater Department ! I'm so proud of all of us !!!! Taking home 1st place in improve , and 3rd place Ensemble dance . Also the monologues and duo scenes were amazing ! Had an awesome time in Utah ! LOVE YOU GUYS :) 
Jeepers Creepers where'd you get those peepers ? Jeepers Creepers where'd you get those eyes ? Haha Watching Jeepers creepers with my future to be sister-in-law , < PROPFEMALE > . :) 
San < PROPFIRST > , Texas tomorrow . Leave at 3 , arrive in El Paso at 5 . Switch flights , then Wait at an airport for 2 hours by myself . Then at 7 leave for San < PROPFIRST > get there at 9 . A very lonely afternoon it seems . :] : 
Love my new hair , kind of nice to see my natural hair color again ! :) 
Is like omg like totaly im like omg like all the time , im just that kind of girl ! omG dont you just think im random ^_^ 
BOO ! You scared ? >:| 
Haha Swing in dance class was so fun today !!! Haha < PROPMALE > had me laughing my ass off , he is the best dance partner ever !!! :P 
when there's something strange in your neighborhood , who you gonna call ? 
One eyed , one horn , flying purple people eater !! 
Think i might go to EVIT next year to become a Special effects ( Cinema ) makeup artist . :) 
T . G . I . F .!!!!!! (: 
Hello there sunshine face ! :) 
Things I've realized i don't like : The smell of subway , < PROPFEMALE > the progressive girl , people who are cooler than me . :P Thing i do like : You (: , Mayhem Allstate commercials , and posting useless facebook statuses ! :D 
Totally ready to gain 5 pounds over the weekend ! (: Happy turkey day everybody ! 
I just realized i don't really like pumpkin pie anymore ! ): 
Hannah : I think we have high standards . Bryce : No we are just mean ! haha 
You are Beautiful ! :) 
My little buttercup has the sweetest smile ! :) I love three amigos ! 
Lunar eclipse in about 6 mins !!! I feel like a nerd ! :P 
I love Mexican bread , It's like crack ! 
Today's hike was amazing , killed my calf muscles ! Haha But hey i got to feed the Chipmunks tail mix and a < PROPMALE > bar ! Probably something i shouldn't be feeding them . (: 
Today kind of let me down . 
I hate being sick ! My whole body hurts , and it feels like i'm about to cough up a lung . blahhhhh >:| 
So , i can't wait till i go to school for special effects makeup . I'll be the female version of < PROPMALE > Savini ( Does movies such as , < PROPFEMALE > of the dead 1978 , Friday the 13th , Creepshow , etc . ) :DD 
Only about 10 hours of studying , and passed the permit test on the first try ! Wow :) 
You are a sexy beast , i just thought i should let you know that ! :) 
Congrats Hamilton Theater , you guys did an amazing job at Caff . All the hard work has payed off because we are going to state ! :) All the rest off the people who did the IEs I am very proud of you guys , because you are awesome ! :)) 
California in a couple hours ! :) 
I wish i could sleep in , just a little longer ! :( 
\I am so clever that sometimes I don’t understand a single word of what I am saying\ " \ 
I actually miss not being able to dance ... Stupid sprained ankle !! :[ 
