I'm not sure what this is for but I'm sure I'll find out . 

Good Nite . I'm tired 
goin campin 
can't get into speech class 
is plugging away at research and on facebook at the same time !!! 
can't wait to get out of class tomorow 
I have to go inside ... or else I will be locked out in the cold weather for the rest of the night/morning . I might have to sleep with my dog . Wait ! That scruffy-looking nerf herder gets to sleep inside ! 
gets internet in his room !!! I don't have to go outside 
... and tomorrow is the deadline ... 
Anyone seen < PROPMALE > Python and The Holy Grail ??? 
Stress Reduction Kit : BANG HEAD HERE 
Inglorious Bastards comes out tomorrow 
R.I.P. black sony headphones ... you certainly served your purpose . Too bad you're made out of plastic !! 
The happiest states : 1 . Louisiana2 . Hawaii3 . Florida4 . Tennessee5 . Arizona6 . Mississippi7 . Montana8 . South Carolina9 . Alabama10 . Maine 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all ! And Happy Holidays to those who are offended and happy Ka-Boom for bin Laden !!! 
I believe in Aliens ... I AM THE ALIEN !!! 
Vikings shall crush the Cowboys !!! 
is chronicling the occurrences of headaches . Not a good start of the year as far as headache occurrences go 
Everyone watch the most INSANE World of Warcraft Freakout EVER on youtube 
highly recommends The Imaginarium of Dr. Parnassus . It's < PROPMALE > Ledger's final film and yes , it's currently in theaters 
played the movie game with the family . I lost !! 
I have the best momma in the whole , wide world , and I am so lucky she's my mom . I love you , momma ! 
My girlfriend loves my mom too ! 
I have the best girlfriend in the whole , wide world , and I am so lucky she's my girlfriend . I love you < PROPFEMALE > ! 
I drink your milkshake ... I drink it up !!! 
Oh ! The humanity ! 
Favre will be back 
Don't mess with me 
has anyone heard of Blood Into Wine ? 
The Wolfman was good ... < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland will be a lot better 
going to play b-ball 
somebody stop me @ wii sports ! 
almost everytime the jazz blow it on nat'l television 
is ready for an adventure 
One week ago , the Jazz were unanimously voted by each state to place 2nd in the Playoff race of the Western Conference , but they blow it and place 5th ! No home court advantage , whatsoever . Another blown basketball game ! 
no more memo :( 
one , two , even three slices of pizza is much too small , when this monster wants his pizza get out of his way because it will be all gone 
beat L.A. 
Shrek 4 or Ironman 2 ? 
In Utah's fans and AK-47 we trust 
Lets Go Utah Jazz !! 
people who believe that : \Impossible is nothing\ " are flat out wrong ! You cannot strike a table and not strike a table at the same time . Some things really are impossible " 
ok so an estimated 28 million people will be hitting the road this weekend including Obama . WoW they must be cool then . 
everyone is going to have fun 
having a great day 
someone name one person who has a cooler voice than < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
how bout a big < PROPMALE > ? 
and so the champ sits out ... bwahahahaha ! 
How to have fun For Dummies 
It's early . Does anyone wanna tell me a story ? 
Anyone ever wonder how often British people go to the bathroom ? After all , most of them do drink more tea than the typical American . Am I out of my mind ? 
excuse me , your balls are showing . bubble < PROPFEMALE > tuna ! 
wants to go on an adventure yesterday ! 
first run coming off my ankle injury 
sewed his pants so he could do a nasty dance 
why don't we call land lords , lords like they used to be ? 
wish my ankle could actually heal like a normal person 
ugh ... 
beware of Mcdonald's sweet tea 
the best things in life may be free but living with the best things are not 
i want to get away ! I want to fly away ! 
oh ya I'm having the best summer every ohhh yeah !!!!!!! 
quench gum makes you full 
could really use some kool-aid ! Hook me up , brutha 
82 degrees at 1 am . it's even hotter in my room 
click the like button if you are an American without health insurance 
anyone wanna play basketball ? 
What is the best part about living in Stockton or the San < PROPMALE > Valley ? 
is one of the few who isn't watching the World Cup 
super bowl : pats vs . giants ... 2008 some guys just won't let go of the game 
doesnt arizon make the best sweet tea ? 
everyone keeps asking me what im gonna do on the fourth of july . let's all watch me reach inside my bag of tricks 
everyday is exactly the same 
why doesn't Mcdonald's have sweet tea next to the fountain drinks ? 
no more BOOZER ! 
Where are the Jazz going to be without Boozer or < PROPFIRST > Korver ? 
who's going to the Tool concert ? 
would like to learn how to play the bass guitar . anyone wanna help ? 
would like to learn how to play the bass guitar . anyone wanna help ? i'd be so grateful 
is it me or is everyone getting married this summer ? 
we got ourselves < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , Harrington , and Raja < PROPFEMALE > ! booooing ! 
I wonder why I don't play basketball no more ? 
Don't eat too many GOOD ' N PLENTY or else ... 
Let's all have a facebook birthday party with Kellen . Too bad we're not all cool enough to go to his land of Virgins , so lets party it up here . I'm inviting myself ! To be invited you must share your favorite moments with Kellen haha 
haha my sis is outside my window and it's late talkin to someone . 
I took a shower outside today and everyone in my house privatizes shampoo . You gotta pay to use shampoo around here . 
Going to Boomers tomorrow in < PROPMALE > . Anyone wanna come ur invited 
I actually saw another person running today and it's nice to know that some people recognize me 
utter nothingness 
There's a hole in the earth 
bball at colonial heights right now 
my eyes are so itchy I could tear them out . im straining to resist them 
ugh sugar is bad for you 
The average person will make out for 20 , OOO minutes in his/her lifetime . This equates to approx . 13.8 days ! 
My favorite FILTER shirt went to the garbage 
< PROPFEMALE > is tired from driving for so long today . But I'm glad she made it 
basketball at colonial heights around 6:30 today 
I hate our sprinkler system in our yard . It turns on every morning at 5 . Also it's highly inefficient as it seems to not work well and the work it took to put it in is still evident after four months . It is still tore up ... 
I'll keep digging til I feel something ! 
im on an air head craze 
Does anyone want to play with me ? 
Does anyone want to play with me or my girlfriend ? 
One great big festering neon distraction , I have a suggestion to keep you all occupied 
my eyes havent been so red before and i cant sleep 
hshsocfeixfrejueutla !!!! 
someone tell me why you shouldnt drop the soap 
my girlfriend says i have a < PROPMALE > jackman stomach . I assume that's a compliment 
oh ! how i miss night class 
clever got me this far , then tricky got me in . I am what I'm after I don't need another friend . 
people who work should be grateful even though they're tired . 
I can't sleep . someone want to tell me a bedtime story ? 
The only good Laker is a Salt-Laker 
show me something interesting 
Subway 24 hrs a day ? C'mon 
I don't like my new room 
More than cracked up , you should have backed up For those who act up need to be more than smacked up 
Sick Puppies vs . Skinny Puppy 
My room is a mess and it's hot . 
hungry and exasperated . 
I miss < PROPFEMALE > 
I really miss < PROPFEMALE > 
So I had to ride home with my pants falling off . zipper and button broke . I feel bad for everyone who wanted to see me lose luggage 
< PROPFEMALE > Whitman vs . The other guy 
a headache a day still keeps the doctor away 
Primus concert in Sacramento tomorrow 
I'm jealous of anyone seeing Primus ! It turns out I'm not going 
Anyone want to do something ? 
I debate the question : Will life pass me by ? 
is Hungry 
What is your favorite \Road\ " movie ? " 
The movie \Crank\ " kicks a$$ " 
Does Dr. < PROPMALE > even a doctor ? 
my ears are crackle lakin 
Every friend on facebook is excited about the Giants 
I cant sleep 
say what you need to say , < PROPFIRST > Mayer 
I'm a jealous guy 
10/10/10 
my room smells like booty 
worksheet complete . time to sleep 
6-0 Jazz in preseason . 1st time in history 
I hate campaign ads 
Do red heads know what's good ? 
it's sittin by the overcoat ; the second shelf the note she wrote that i can't bring myself to throw away 
the san < PROPFIRST > giants can make it to the world series , therefore the utah jazz can make it to the nba finals next year . Pure logic ! 
8-0 
< PROPFEMALE > fox can suck it for all i care 
been looking forward to sunday night football all day ! why cant i watch it ! 
I know everyone hates bandwagon fans , but there's no use getting upset and yelling at them . Instead , basque in your own world and enjoy the times . 
I miss playing basketball 
nothing 
what is more important : the san francicsco parade or the election ? 
kings or lakers ? pick your poison 
I love you , < PROPFIRST > Favre 
\when it rains it pours\ " way to to go utah . the comeback kings . beat those heat " 
bibbity bobbity avada kedavra 
kings are going down tonight 
fear is the ultimate mind-killing weapon . 
when will facebook get an unlike button ? 
Too many puppies 
how do you say owned in Russian ? 
bored 
do flea markets sell fleas or are they supposing their customers are insects ? 
the world of zombies 
i miss pumpkin pie already 
Jazz vs . Mavs tomorrow oooraw 
i wouldn't wanna mess with < PROPMALE > Chandler 
I might need tubes in my ears again . 
will these dreams still follow me when the dark comes , curing time ...? 
I'm so hungry I can't sleep 
aint even midnite 
< PROPFIRST > was a racecar driver 22 yrs old . drank too many beers one night wrapped himself round a telephone pole 
my old ihome i got over four years ago charges my new ipod classic but not my 2+ year old nano :/ 
what happens if you stick an s in front of laughter ? 
< PROPFIRST > Statham on Regis and < PROPFIRST > ? Tomorrow ? 
The lunatic is on the grass 
What do you get when you cross an onion with a donkey ? 
Does anybody have an old pantech C530 charger ? 
Lay your head down child . I won't let the boogeyman come . 
Does not watching the Super Bowl make you un-American ? 
Don't leave < PROPFIRST > Sloan . Not yet 
< PROPFIRST > Cuban looks like < PROPMALE > Phoenix in gladiator the way he watches the games 
< PROPFIRST > Washington would role over in his grave if he saw Sac State students going to class on President's Day . Look out for the zombie Washington 
What's Happening ? 
There is noooooooooooo such thing as a weaker sex 
< PROPFIRST > Boozer pulled an elbow move . Reminds of < PROPFIRST > Malone 
Does anybody know someone who is interesting and is completely one-of-a-kind ? 
If Apple Macintosh ever becomes like the < PROPMALE > Empire , I'll defend it 
My cable is out 
We might casually joke about being slaves to a machine , but one day we will actually quite literally become slaves to our possessions in the face of a machine -built world 
Can the Lakers 3-peat ? Will the Celtics take it back ? Will D < PROPMALE > and Lebron score a title ? Will the Bulls streak push them to the top ? Will an 8th seed team pull the stops on the Spurs ? Find out in the 2011 NBA Playoffs on TNT ! 
Thank you all for the birthday wishes . Each and every one of them is greatly appreciated and I am thankful for all you guys individually . 
is anyone awake i can't sleep 
So I wake up thinking that spring break isn't over . Realizing that I was wrong ! Wow three classes missed . One more to go 
I can't sleep even though I need it 
I can't sleep\ 
again 
