is cool with whatever God's will is ! We can't stop him just trust in him completely . 

Ok does anybody else thinks its funny that < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > died ? Like is he really gone ? 
is fallin in love all over again !.... damn . Hope it works out this time . 
I now have a very low tolerence for niggers ! 
hates barbershop they're never open when i need them . 
Is reflecting back on the past 12 months of his life ... friendships , relationships , love and spiritual growth [ smiles ] what a difference a year makes . 
is at his mother's bridal shower .... don't ask . 
Wow its only been three days ... and i'm on a natural high and anyone trys to bring me down they're going to get their ass kicked , psych naw lol , but seriously im floating on cloud nine ! 
awwwwwww 
Oh my gosh , why is everyone running around like a chicken with no head . 
im getting sick to my stomach 
Life is what you make it . If you sit around doing nothing thats exactly what you'll get ... not ... however if you get off your couch better yourself life will be better for you as well . 
i should've just went to my church like i'm suppose cuz this preacher is twisting the Word all up . 
sooooo bored 
how u doinnnnnn 
At the clear store with Yogi ! we not buying nothing 
yo window phones are the worst . dont even let the thought of getting one cross ur mind . trust me . 
Yoooo omg my grandmom is jamming to < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > ! LMAO 
yo this egg nog is hittin =) 
HAPPY NEW YEAR EVERYBODY !!!!!!!! 
What the bible say ? 
yo i cant stand kids with no home training ... where is their owner ? 
needs some more of that egg nog . i kno \egg nog\ " season is over but my mom made some . " 
this is a shame i only know one person number by heart smh . 
this nigga but to get cussed out for real ... eatin all loud n my ear !!!!! he really knos how to work my nerve 
soooo bored 
gettin off this computer for now 
i wish i could tie up u up in my shoes .... 
yoooo i miss middle school ... good dayz !!!!!! 
hungry ... wat do we have to eat ? 
listening to < PROPMALE > go hard ! 
that was mad fun ! 
GOT THE ITIS LIKE A MUG !!!! 
LMAO OK I JUST SAW THE \BOOTY POP\ " COMMERCIAL . WTH THEY MAKE YOUR BUTT LOOK HARD AND FAKE OK ... IT KINDA GROSSED ME OUT . " 
that was the quickest banana puddin i've ever made 
omg i am getting old . im done dancing for the day . 
its funny how ridiculousy childish people can be . Like , what are you trying to prove ? Whatever it is , prove it to someone else cause your wasting your time and working on my last nerve . 
i pray for you more than myself . seeing you hurt breaks my heart in a million pieces . when ur eyes becomes full of tears , a wave pours from mine . i feel you deep in my soul no matter how far away you are . you will always be apart of me ... and something is still missing . 
lets see if how well i can tell this story ..... 
Coke , by itself , is not all that good 
is mad bored . 
today turned out to be a gret day ...... PRAISE YE THE LORD !!!!! 
why does it feel like i have boulder resting on my chest ? 
all i wanna do is eat , eat , eat 
first it was the guy in IHOP on Sunday , now this fool . What is it with people thinking this patch of nappy , blond hair on the side of their head's are cute ? 
Why are we still fighting the lies that there is no hope for us ? We both know there's still something there ... we just have to face it head on . 
I want some banana pudding , peach cobbler , vanilla bean ice cream and alot of it too . 
these two people are really giving me something to do . lol 
i like kids dont get me wrong ... but when there are four \busy bees\ " i develop a strong dislike for them . " 
last night with my girl Tianah Andrews reminded me of the good ol ' dayz ... tonight is about me and my fam ... well at least until 10 ...... 
is L-O-V-I-N-G < PROPFEMALE>'s new joint .... Under Construction ! 
\You got me under construction ...... brick by brick ... \ " this song was definitely for us . " 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME !!!!!!!!!!! YAY 
trust in a relationship is so easily lost but so hard to rebuild but we're doing it ... we got a long road ahead of us , but i'm strong and so are they . 
is thanking everyone for the birthday love ... it was great , especially the end of it :D ... but most importantly I must thank The Father for allowing me to live another year . 
i am not waiting up for her . she needs to hurry up cause i just and i am getting the \itis\ " like crazy .... " 
watching < PROPFEMALE > Girls and trying to straighten up ... 
i want some food ... some unhealthy , heart attack giving , deep fried in crisco , smothered in gravy , double < PROPFEMALE > giving , deliciously comforting soul food ... with a pan of banana pudding-homemade , i dont do instant ! 
o how i love my #1 bff 
< PROPFEMALE > or Beyonce ? 
like are they serious ? people still doing drivebys . wft this aint compton 
T.G.I.T. lol ... One more day left ! 
if you sugarcoat everything to a person they will never taste the bitterness of their breathe in the morning . keep it real ! if they effin up , let them know ... tell them to get themselves together . all that \awww boo boo it'll be fine ... \ " stop ! thats not solving anything . real friends dont bite their tongues even if it hurts .... honesty really is the best policy . " 
Everything is just fine !!!!!! Feels good . 
Oooook < PROPMALE > is now on the TOP of my list ... this has been a long time coming 
ugh i am sooo sick of turkey wings if i hear anything else about a damn turkey wing i am going to snap . im too young to be eatin old folks foods every night . 
the good news just keeps rolling in . 
dont you hate it when u wanna wear something but dont know what happened to it between the other day , when u saw it in the closet , and now ? smh now what am i to wear ? 
\Paint the perfect picture . Bring to life the vision in one's mind . The beautiful ones always smash the picture ... always everytime \"" 
i am really hooked on < PROPMALE > right now .... what is going on ? 
I'm up and not its time to work ! 
time to get this work done for my \boss\ " lol " 
from one job to the next ... i need a nap 
needs to go to sleep but my mind keeps going back to how great my day was :D 
its such a beautiful day out . too bad i won't be able to enjoy it . 
throughout the twelve years of living in this house we've never use the bar for anything other than storage ... i come home today and my basement look like BUTTAZ ! whats going on here ? 
people run their mouths like they run track and are never right ... get all the details first . DAMN ! 
UGH I dont know what to write . What in the world is wrong with me ? 
I must say , < PROPFEMALE > is an absolute BITCH . Thats what happens when you stab your friends in the back then treat them like a throw rug , HomeBoi . I dont feel an once of sympathy for you . You got what you put out . The funny thing is I knew it would happen . 
just woke up from a lil nap . 
on my way to this parking lot for 8 whole hours .... YAY ME ... LOL right . 
putting the final touches on my idontknowat2callem's paper ... 
ok so its like this ... i dont think we're the same < PROPFEMALE > . 
two whole dayz without seeing my Yog . Good thing my schedule was fixed today !!! 
doing some birthday shoppin ... he is not going to see this one coming ! 
I do what I do because I love you . Relax , everything is gonna work out just fine ... trust me . 
is on his way to work .... 
so i just came home from work and there she is , drunk and beggin me to bop ... like what am i to do ? 
IS MAD BORED YO ! 
trust is our biggest issue , once we build that up we'll be alllllright ....... 
I want a Yorkshire Terrier but i was told i cant have one ... and i was gonna name him Prince ... MAN ! 
through it all i will always be there for you no matter what happens . 
ugh so much on the mind i need to go to sleep like now 
ok so am i the only who was not feed tonight ? like i could've stayed home ... 
is watching < PROPFEMALE > Girls . 
i hate getting up at 4 cuz i dont go to sleep until 3 . 
sardines and saltines .... i must be hungry 
Ugh i missed church , it was ok tho meet some interesting people and did some networking , guess looks do get you places after all lol 
listening to \The Beautiful Ones\ " by < PROPMALE >...." 
I'm goin , I'm goin , IM GONE ... AND HES OUT OF HERE ... O BTW I need my keys back so you cant get back in ! 
YAY I FOUND ONE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
They're talkin football ... greg and i are in the corner chillin , he givin his lil input lol ... ahhhh this place ! Gotta love it ! 
My hearts at a low . I'm so hard to manage . I think you should know that i've been damaged .... ugh i eefin love TLC 
you just don't wear boots with shorts ... i don't case he they are polo 
Ugh i just can't wait .... any one have 1k they can give me ... key word Give . This won't be a < PROPFEMALE > . 
I swear Satan just waits for you at the foot of your bed so he can start his mess ... BUT GOD IS STILL GOOD AND I WILL CONTINUE TO PRAY WORSHIP AND TRUST IN HIM . 
What is < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE>'s phone number ? 
Yeeesssss keep offering me this overtime ..... cuz i'ma keep takin it . THANK YOU ! 
Awww even tho i'm here for 16 hours it doesn't seem that bad since i have company 
Good morning all and what a great morning it is ! Ahhhh .... 
Has cleansed himself of all that is of my past .... relationships ... 
I AM FREAKING STARVING 
Listening The Clarks .... GOOD MORNING FB 
Scrapple egg and cheese on a crescent .... 
Off to the second shift 
Is sitting in this booth going crazy . Who wants to keep me company til i get off ? 
Has the best relationship .... with God . 
So what is it called when guy does drag but he does it has a guy ... like beyonce and < PROPFEMALE > fierce ? Is that even considered drag ? 
Damn i almost forgot .... and i was so ready to in home . 
In Thy holy will .... 
Is starving ... i can't leave my booth . I need food like now ! UGH 
Like wtf i'm running on E . If i don't get some food in me i don't think i'll make it home . 
:) good morning facebook ... listen if you aren't a good friend , you probably know it already . Don't get mad when your true friends push you to the side and befriend new ppl or start chillin with ppl who rank higher than you on the friendship scale . What do your friendships means to you ? 
Sitting here waiting for 1 to get here so i can leave and go to rehearsal . After that , make last nights dream a reality ... i'm ready ( in my < PROPMALE > Songz voice lol ) 
You're right ! I can't pray for you ...... you're not saved . However i will pray that God does save you ! 
ima start throwin shade ..... 
Yo I'm sooooooooooooo gettin a iPad . I think I'm in love lol 
I'm late i'm late ... I'm really running late 
Yesssss Ulexis Cossie ... now thats ssaangin ! We were good today .... 
Wow for once i went to bed early . Now i'm up , well rested , and listening to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > 
Just had an epiphany ... time to change it up again 
SMH Why do i like the < PROPFEMALE > Silverman Program ? I usually hate stuff like this .... 
Is wondering why would they them \insomnia cookies\ " ? Sounds suspicious to me ... they probably good too lol " 
White ppl sorry upper class white ppl really kill me . Like your cash flow don't mean Shit to me ... you are not special . 
Omg i locked myself out the booth 
I don't consider < PROPFEMALE > and CeCe's music gospel more so love songs . When do they ever acknowledge God ? Furthermore , you didn't find Christ cuz you weren't looking for Him . He found you . You were not banging on His door He was knocking at yours . Okay ? 
Yo i thank God for bible study and study of the living word . 
Ooooo Ms. Celie I feel like sanging ..... 
Hey who wants to keep me company ? 
She really think i dumb . You're not gon just fast talk me and think i'ma just go with it ... i'm not changing anything and your're not getting anything .... niggas ! I tell you , man . 
Awww .... stop you trying too hard ... its the lil things that impress me like the way you see things ... 
Morning folks ... blueberry coffee just might be a new fav ... i don't know yet 
Now how old is < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ? To old to be getting his seventh divorce . Like are they serious ? 
Is crazy full right now and i didn't even finish my food ... here comes the \itis \"" 
Come on man ....... 
And its all good ... got alot of confirmation tonight between church and the car ... WHOA 
That was one hell of a sandwich . 
I don't know these frappes from mcdonalds might be better than starbucks . 
Pepperoni and mushroom pizza and Kill Bill ... feels like friday already 
FRIDAY IS HERE ... the sooner they leave the better 
< PROPMALE > Shrier , owner of the < PROPFEMALE > Owls , is one rude you-know-what . I'm just doing my job homeboi . 
Lord Jesus thank you for the heat but uhh i wasn't expecting it to be so hot ... 
I'm definitely gettin my license this summer cuz i'll be doggon ' 
I can stand on my front steps and see a better fight than this ... where's < PROPMALE > and whats his face ? 
I was not impressed ... that fight was horrible 
Is a < PROPMALE > disappointed ....... no i'm really disappointed . 
I do what i do because i love you . Making you happy makes me happy . Smh 
this lil girl is in this store cursing this lady out for no reason funny thing is the lady is smilin each time the girl eats more food . Lol special sauce lol 
Good morning people ... why is this lady sitting here telling me about her period ?! Like 4real tho miss 
How the hell you call somebody to come pick you up and get mad at em cuz you gotta work a block to meet em ? U got it all twisted homegirl . 
Ugh my first gray hair 
Good morning facebookers i pray yall have as much as a good day as I ... love ya ! 
Lord they takin my Sundays from me ! 
Is bored ... somebody please call or text me ! 
I don't mind babies making noise on the bus . But you can do something to comfort her . 
65 yrs old with a facebook ... you have a hard time trying to turn the computer on . how you gon do this ? 
Sooo umm what does that mean ? 
Off to work i go 
Ugh monday is near back to the grinding stone . Did the weekend even come ? 
Good morning everyone 
Lol why is this lil boy standing here talking bout how he got fish-face ... with a full < PROPFEMALE > . You look like trout homeboi ctfu 
Is bored . I want some company 
This old hexyins 
This old man on the 23 just picked up a wallet that had fell out some girls pocket and instead of giving it back he goes thro it and keeps it ... old ass niggas ! 
Someone i knew in high school is wanted for killin a 67 year old man over an argument he's 17 and i whole dumb ass 
Chinese or Caribbean .... maybe a gyro . Help me out . 
Prayer still works yall !!!!!!! 
Had mad fun with my man < PROPMALE > Browne and Saboor Fahkir-Warren now its time for my < PROPFEMALE > Girls ! 
Ugh i hate doing incident reports 
Awww < PROPFEMALE>'s all empty now . 
OMG WHY THIS GROWN ASS LADY GOT THIS BOOTH SMELLING LIKE ALL TYPES OF DOG [ BEEP ] LIKE WTF 
If i hear \my lord\ " one more time .... " 
Yo that was the most interesting train ride ever ... full of drunk white college kids . There's nothing like it . 
From Broad to 3rd the lightening was flashing and the thunder rolled but it didn't start raining until i got on my front porch NOTHING BUT GOD 
At the bus stop looking at these addicts arguing about whose gon buy the crack and where they gon do it at ... sad 
This his nice a lil reunion in the basement ... the whole linton street gang now where < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > ? 
I wasted all that time looking for something that was standing rite in front of me 
Hates it when ppl start makin assumptions without going to the source first ... i was not talking about my actual mother Damn 
FW : hi thank you for your help :) 
If this was the mid 1900's i would hop on a Greyhound , leave my heart in Philly and follow my dreams . 
Walking in a empty mall kind of makes you feel like your the last man on earth ... Mad wierd . 
I think i'ma get me a ticket i need a change of scenary . 
So now what ? 
Good mornin fb . I'm ready for today ... i'm covered 
is putting his friendships to the test ... 
I pray this works . 
I always thought your friends were suppose to be there ... my bestfriend ain't even there . Well at least i thought he was . 
Good morning fb . All is well . 
I hope we have a meeting soon cuz i'm so over this place . 
So i'm in Abington and these two white boys are tp'ing someones house . Like WTF ... now you can't help but call them nothing else but some niggas . 
Can't wait three day weekend ahead ... what to do ? P-A-R-T-Y ! 
This gyro is hittin ! 
OMG why does this girl have me in Condom Kingdom lol 
There comes a time where we grow up then there's when we grow the hell up . Its time for me to grow the hell up . Can't keep playin around . 
Is sick of hearing \Damn why you single ? I know muafuckas be on your top ! \ " Listen when i cross paths with the right one my relationship status will surely change . " 
I'm bored ! 
\He brought of out alive alive ... i never shall forget what he's done for me . \ " Y is this song stuck in my head ? " 
Come let us worship the Lord and the beauty of His holiness ... i want to sing that song today ... umm Bishop Ross .... Lol 
Who cookin out ? 
Is watchin RoboCop 2 . So you mean to tell me that this lil ass boy is on the Most Wanted list and shooting a machine gun . And this is someone's favorite movie ! 
At the lakes . Found myself a cookout lol 
I feel so uncomfortable ... i'm out . 
OMG the smell of my place is seeping through the walls into the hallway ... It smell so good in here . 
I really fucked up this time . I pray this isn't the end . 
I need to get away 
i need to invest in digital camera asap ... next pay definitely 
Is at broad and GIRARD waitin for 15 so i can go home . 
Just found out i'm going to NYC on the 27th ... someone needs to go shopping . 
OMG what the hell did i eat ... 
Damn it straight to hell . My black shoes are still wet . Good morning fb 
This is some ol ' bull$# ! + . Like there are no cars coming thro here . 
Y would you ask me where the closest supermarket is when we're standing right in front of Fresh Grocer ? What you really wanna ask me ? 
We should protest SEPTA . They talking bout $39 for a weekly transpass . They must be out they rabbit ass mind . 
OMG am i peeing every 5 < PROPFEMALE > . 
What a great morning we have been blessed with . I'm sorry but i feel running a marathon lol . May God continue to bless you throughout the day . Love ya ! :) 
This is sooo not my job . I am not apart of < PROPFEMALE > Police . 
Ignorance is the night of the mind . A night without < PROPFEMALE > nor < PROPFEMALE > with no sight of sunrise . Therefore the ignorant one who lacks the fulfilling spirit of God will often be blinded by the Son that shines thro us . However those who live by the Spirit never witness the darkness of the night cause He positions the < PROPFEMALE > s and < PROPFEMALE > inorder for us to get thro the trying times of the night . 
Starving 
I can't stand hos like you letting the whole world hit . And you real proud of it . 
Like my hips are double jointed . My walk is natural so stop tryna imitate it cuz you'll break something . 
I feel like sanging < PROPFEMALE > 
So i'm watching The Marriage ( i can't spell rite now lol ) anyway its a tp play and its amazing how he got the concept of what marriage is . Thank God for my Pastor . 
I don't care who i'm with my first love will always be just that . And probably my last ... 
Y do ppl play games with the heart . Like be real with your shit and let me know up front cuz i'm not a mind reader . 
Where the hell is Pintos . 
YOUR TRUE COLORS ARE SHOWING HONEY .... AND IT DOESNT CORRDINATE 
A heart is like a gun ... you shouldn't play with it someone might get hurt if not killed . And its trigger has a mind of its own . 
Church folk and gay men throw the most damn shade its ridiculous . 
Ok two can play this game ... i'm going out ... 
Woke up on time but had a < PROPMALE > distraction now i'm mad late . 
Whose reporT do you believe ? 
Friday Saturday and early Sunday morning ... and it was all good . I need my rest tho 
Lord Jesus only You know .... 
The unsaved always justifyin what they do with \well God forgives all\ " ... How wrong are you . " 
OMG the trolley lost power like WTF . Ugh its always something . Good morning ya'll . 
For the first time in a year i'm Writing again ... and what a topic ! Now if i could only get back into designing these clothes i'll be alright . 
Trying to figure out a way to lift someones spirits without making a stop to Wine and Spirits . 
Sweet 
I'm bout to add your name to my vocabulary ... 
OMG y is Deacon Mosley tryin to lead Pass Me Not lol this too much for me 
Last night i had a dream and was put to the test ! Would you die for the faith or sale out and take the < PROPFIRST > to feed your kids ? Now thats the hardest decision of your life ! Good morning folks ! 
Is she wearing a bra ? 
This nigga must think i'm stupid . 
Part of me wants you part of me don't part of me is missing you part of me is gone ... cuz when i think about you its bittersweet 
The tings folks do with bananas 
is tryna do the right thing and leave you alone but i dont know .... 
You made me an instrument of praise . To God be the < PROPFEMALE > ! 
at the hospital with my mother 
OMG Hospital ice is the best ice . 
O My Gosh ... 
I really need to stop comin here 
In order to become an adult we have to let the foolishness of our childhood go and cleanse ourselves of what held us back for so long . 
It would rain well I was downtown now wouldn't it . Least I'm not as wet as others I saw . 
Off to work I go ........ 
is at work stealing all types of internet ..... gotta love wifi 
Who up 
Yo I am loving Lil < PROPMALE > right now lol .... 
O HELL NO ! Why this stank ass nigga chose to sit next to me on the trolley .... there's like 32 available sits . And I got the window sit . Its too damn hot 4 this 
Watchin < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland ..... does < PROPFEMALE > Hathaway has to walk like that . But I can't talk lol 
back to work 
Whoa I was feeling myself a lil tooo much ..... lol o well 
This girl betsta be here @ 6am cuz I'm ready to clock out go home to rest 
Omg I'm watching the BET Awards red carpet and < PROPMALE > Songz's mother is beautiful ..... 
YES T.I. !!!!!!!!!! 
Lol < PROPFIRST > Burrell ! Leave it to her to make a secular song into something Holy 
The heart want what the heart want . There's nothing we do about that 
See baby it really ain't a big deal . I mean you're nice and all but if I met them when I met you they definitely would've got the phone call .... 
I HATE BEING THE BAD GUY UGH !!!!!!!!!!! 
Damn it straight to hell 
There is nothing like clean chinese food lol 
Its not want you see that makes a person who they are but what lies beneathe . 
\She Don't Have To Know\ " by < PROPFIRST > Legend .... GREAT SONG LOL ;) " 
So I'm on the L , its crowded , and this nasty ass white couple are making out . I'm all for PDA nowdays but where is the self-control like NOW . 
\Sure Looks Good To Me\ " by < PROPFEMALE > Keys . Another GREAT SONG . " 
This feels good . 
Its such a < PROPFEMALE > day yet there is so much damn shade at this cookout ..... lol I love queens lol 
Yesterday was quite interesting !!!!!!! 
Good morning world ! Well I'm in a ultra good mood , hope you are . Have a great day . Love you all :D 
On my way home to pass out .... I'm so tired . Catch up with y'all later 
Damn I swore I was on time 
Is it suppose rain 
watching the Sex Room video again and ooooooooooooomg lol 
I really hate it when artist lipsync at a \live\ " performance " 
Ummmm yea now I'm mad 
I need a second job . Who's hiring ? 
Just left my grandmom party and omg did I have a great time lmao . Now I'm at IHOP with < PROPFEMALE > . 
Just thinking about what those kids did to that white man on the bus makes me wanna cry . 
You're so oblivious to whats really going on . Its me you should be worried about .... I FEEL SO BAD ;) 
Love is in the air ...... 
AN HOUR LEFT THEN OFF TO BE WITH MY BABY !!!!!!!!!!! :D 
Yo I'm up and out extra early 
Its not what comes out your mouth that's makes it dirty its what goes in it and I .... sorry I don't do that lol ;) 
If she calls my phone to tell me about something that I knew about since yesterday or to see how I'm making out once more I am going to tell her about herself 
Sitting here thinking about last night and what she said about my umbrella ... crazy lol 
Ugh my head is killing me .... 
PRAISE YE THE LORD !!!!!!! I am so ready for church ! 
had a great time at the diner with my peoples . 
I'm sorry < PROPFIRST > Brown but I don't want anyone following me like Twitter . That's mad ground for potential stalkers ... 
I hope this rain stops by 11 
It read : \A new relationship is about to < PROPFEMALE > . You will be blessed . \ " I didn't need a fortune cookie to tell me that . With who would've been of great help ! " 
Call me what you want but my mind is made up . I'm just counting down the days so I can start cutting niggas down like trees in the Amazon 
Seven stars and a charmbracelet 
YES !!!! This drunk ass nigga finally left my lot tryna get at me lmao . I'ma need a bodygraud goin home . 
HAD THE BEST TIME LAST NIGHT !!!!!! Now I'm feeling every bit of it ..... 
I walk to the beat of a different drum . 
Soon and every soon 
Can't wait to get my break ... 
Yo ! This girl is really doing her job ... she better work lol . Meanwhile , I'm enjoying the fact that there aren't any customers coming . 
So I'm waiting for the sub and this one guy is going off . He mad about something . And every nigga down here looking and listening . Smh lol 
This was such a waste of a saturday . I could went shopping like I wanted . 
I knew that was going to happen I can't be mad though considering the circumstances . 
This nigga trippin mad hard ... 
Ima be nice and wait til she done then read her so well I could write a paper on it . Lol she is really tryna read me . Let the session begin ..... 
So we went out for breakfast early this morning and this oldhead gave us his \blessings\ " lol . Like we're not even together we were just hungry " 
Strange fruit-Billie Holiday 
BORED HIT ME UP 
And back out the door I go ... let the fun begin 
< PROPFIRST>'s on broad and < PROPFIRST > B I'm there 
Am I that mean ? I don't think so 
Ugh i left my charger at work . 
So you get other people for the doing the very same thing you're doing yourself .... and you could \almost be a saint\ " ? lol . Nigga please ! " 
Having the time of my life and I own it . 
I really don't feel like going to work 
I hate uniforms 
Now you would think that with all the food I've been eating that I would gain a few pounds . People would kill for my metabolism ... I want some meat on my bones !!!! 
Im with the other Browne and I love it . 
\We just got in the house ... wtf make you think I wanna go to anyone's diner ? You better eat those chips and swallow your spit to wash that shit down ..... \ " That's what I really wanted to say but I'm hungry too so let's go . " 
Last night was crazy enough . Being rescued then carried out the club like < PROPFIRST > in the Bodyguard :-) Naw I'm straight my \Knight in Shining Armor\ " might not be there to save my ass this time . My ass staying in the house tonight ... \ " Farmer's\ " orders " 
Im so sweet and innocent ... BULLSHIT ! Nowadays NEVER underestimate me . 
So hungry 
This nigga has grass 
Im sooooo in LOVE :-D 
woke up this morning with a smile on my face ... even tho my phone is dead . 
< PROPFEMALE > Vu ! I wonder what's going to happen today ;-) 
A hour and 45 minutes left please hurry up 
You had me at hello ... when you walked into that room you had me at hello hello helloooo . 
What is taking this trolley so long to get here like really 
Closed minds will never know because never open the door to let anything in . Weak minds never understand cause they aren't strong enough to < PROPFEMALE > the truth . 
Beginning to see the world in a whole new light . Thanks 
\I like you alot but ... \ " HMMMMM I guess ... whatever that means " 
\Pick my friends like i pick my fruit . My father told me that as a youth ... \ " Grooving to the Baduizm album . " 
I'm being quite selfish and insensitive smfh 
I think some lightweight shopping is in order . :-) 
Two more days and Zanai is all mine . Can't wait :D 
Getting my hair done for this party tomorrow . I love reinventing myself . Let's ROCK !!!!!!!! 
FRIDAY !!!!!! YOU'RE FINALLY HERE !!!!!!! 
Finally got a < PROPMALE > to watch Ru Pauls Drag U .... NIGHT WHATBI EXPECTED :-( I thought this was like charm school 
We all want to be accepted in one way or another . Some will do whatever it takes to be accepted by altering themselves . If you can't get down with ME then we ain't getting down period 
In my < PROPFEMALE > Hill bag 
Tell him I need him . Tell him I love him and it'll be alright . 
Let's do this 
Umm ok 
They're all liars ! 
So sleeping ? Smh ... Right ! 
No you're not disappointed in me . You're disappoint because you weren't able to change me . In all truth your actually disappointed in yourself ... not my problem . 
Lying to me only makes it easier for me to get the hell up and leave and not give a rats ass about your feelings when I do leave ... and I'm not leaving alone . 
I need to take my ass to sleep but I can't stop writing . O well red bull gives you wings right 
\Me n U now naked . \ " What the fuck is that ? Is this some new form of courtship I've never heard of ? So disrespectful . I do have that much respect for myself . Ignorant Niggas ! " 
YES !!!!!!! SEPH JONES IS BACK AND I LOVE IT ... I CAME A LONG WAY 
I go to church because I love God and want to know more about him . I smoke weed cuz it gives me a greater appreciation and understanding of life ; it takes me to another level ... my high . So I guess that makes me a hypocrite right ? 
Knowledge is infinite therefore it is infinitely flowing through me 
< PROPMALE > Marley !!!!!!! 
O God I love my people . 
You hate me because what ? Cause I'm able to be who I am . Pity and a shame 
Black are beautiful . 
My man is just that ... a man . Strong , black , and beautiful and I love it . 
Friends should know why they're friends . Tell me y your friend if you can't remove yourself please ! I don't like wasting time on people 
Get high as I high above the clouds on another level . That high ! And stay there . 
\I wanna go high ... so high\ " . < PROPFEMALE > feat . Balil-Cosmic Journey " 
We are beautiful because of who we all . The most gorgeous woman can be the ugliest bitch on Earth 
I'm in the business of construction not deconstruction . 
\One Is The Magic Number\ " < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > " 
I'd rather lose everything being me than gain the world being what you want me to be , losing myself in the process 
Loves hearing : \I don't know who you are anymore . \ " Yes I know . I didn't know know who I was . I was too occupied following your social code of conduct . I followed my own now so get to know me . Hello I'm < PROPMALE > nice to finally meet you .... " 
One Dutch left and nothing to fill it with smh 
Who up for a good blowing session ? 
Get high and stay there 
Time to enter into my world of dreams and endless possibilities . GN my ppl 
he's left too smh 
Wtf 
He came home from work and went out to find them ... Awwwwww my hero :-D 
\I can't understand human curiosity Was it good 4 U ? Was I what U wanted me 2 be ? ( CONTROVERSY ! ) \"- Ankh Fyre " 
Well she likes liked it I thought it'll nice of me . But only for 24hrs ... maybe 
\Cause he is the truth and he is so real and I love the way that he makes me feel . And if I am a reflection of him then I must be fly cause his light shines so bright \"- < PROPFEMALE > . < PROPFEMALE > " 
My World is so peaceful right now . 
How beautiful peace is . Everything is at ease . Not even your thoughts wander . Im at peace 
Im on the level right pass the < PROPFEMALE > . 
Not in the mood .... 
Guess I'll be fashionably late as usual 
Coming down but soon I'll be back on my cloud 
Time to get lifted 
What a day ! Picnic , chilled with the auntie , then partied , now it time to enjoy some peace 
Why hide the beautiful person you are ? 
\All for one and one for all\ " .... naw I'm straight ! I'd rather stand alone standing for something I believe in oppose to me foolishly following your self-liberating beliefs . " 
I wanna do bad things to you !!!!! YES TRUE BLOOD IS FINALLY ON .... IM HYPE LMAO 
Stewie is working that hat ! And its cocked to the left lol 
Why can't I sleep ? 
I feel rather nice today ... 
This is what happens when you drink cheap wine ... you irritate me with cheap drunk talk 
How you say \I keep it all in to look strong\ " ? Cry . A man who keeps everything inside will eventually explode from the burden he carries on his back . A refreshing comes with crying ; it keeps you strong . Holding on only makes you weaker as time goes on . " 
Why do we say \I wanna be like { whoever}\ " ? We should choose our words wisely . Being like someone means creating a living replica of them and carrying out every characteristic they possess . Every giltch and fawl . Yall can keep that shit " 
How can you choose life ? I don't get it . Life chose me . Why would want to come into a world as deceptive , corrupted , and ignorant as this one ? 
I don't want followers just work with me so we can spread the word 
I hate waiting 
is enjoying his view right now . ;-) 
Why is this nigga looking at me so hard ? I mean damn . 
So if you can't encourage yourself then what do you do when no one else is there to give you a little picker-upper ? Why do I need someone to come through me to pick my head . 
\If a lie gon get me through I'd rather not the truth . If the truth gon make me cry I'd rather just lie . \ " I don't agree with that . Tell me the truth no matter how harsh or hurtful . Living a lie is living a life filled with constant lies ... especially to yourself . " 
What did I do ? 
I'm life is like a good drama . I need to call HBO ... LOGO DEFINITELY 
Whoa crazy dream ! Why was he crying so hard ? Something is wrong ... 
It was a good day . It was really nice . Then dem niggas fucked it up ... bitches !!! LMAO 
Such a small world filled with small minded people . Shame 
My choice of words can seriously tear someone's spinal cord out because I don't argue . I smoothly tell whoever it is about themselves then kindly turn around and walk away with a smile on my face ... very simple . Meanwhile you leave them standing there looking and feel like shit . Try it out . 
Needs an acting gig . 
Okay I'm back now ... had a moment 
Life is a tragedy for those who feel , a comedy for those who think . 
Listening to < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > ... \I Got a woMAN \"" 
I need a band and back up singers .... and writers . Let's make music 
\Trust in me in all you do . Have the faith I have in you .... \ " < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > " 
Time to read these bitches . Where are my glasses ? 
On the phone with a telemarketer and this nigga is telling me his entire life story ... I'm not interested at all . Why are you calling me ? 
You just lost one 
< PROPFEMALE > BAILEY-SHERARD !!!!!!! You feel like sangin cuz , \Sista u been on my mind .... \ " lol " 
< PROPFIRST > Holiday- Come Rain or Come Shine ...... 
Why does everyone think I lack emotions ? Like , yes , I'm still human ! SMFH 
So we're at PeLandding chillin and this fucking rat comes from nowhere . Smh but sweet 
Time to take a nap .... a much needed nap ! GN FB 
I refuse to become a \Crying Drunk \"...." 
Fight it !!!!!!!!!! 
\My life is here .... \"" 
TRUE BLOOD FINALLY !!!!!!!!! OMG WHAT DID I MISS SMH ??? 
Is loving the new girl !!!!!!!! lol 
If you buy your clothes in an extra-small when you obviously wear a medium-large PLEASE STOP !!!!! You make my shopping time much more difficult than it should be . 
Try to play straight , how your whole style bent ? 
Why is it so damn hot ? I don't get it . 
Loves his lil sis PreddiGirl Tee 
This dorky looking white guy is trying to < PROPMALE > this black hood rat ... funniest shit I've seen this far . CTFU 
Can't wait to get off work . 
OMG THIS HEAT !!!!!!!!!!! 
I believed in what you said ; keeping me among the dead . Animal conditioning just to keep us as a slave but I'll get out .... I got out . 
\Macaroni\ " is getting bolder by the day smh " 
So I'm up early ... very unusual 
Sexy underwear ! 
I hate taxis . I need a car badly . 
If i have children society will hate them because they won't give into the social pressure of being accepted . 
\Gotta find peace of mind \"- Lauryn Hill beautiful song " 
Every time we submit our will too someone else's opinion a piece of us dies . 
Awwwwww Dinner and a movie .... :-D 
Strawberries and cool whip ;-) 
You make my desires pure . 
Lately I've been getting alot of sugar and salt concerning my \Dowm With Social Acceptance\ " ... what makes us real isn't the fact that we are seen or heard but the simple realization that we live our lives the way we choose that's KEEPING IT REAL . We try some hard to be perfect when the truth is perfection doesn't exist so it's not real . Everything has a fawl . Stay real . One . " 
I WANT < PROPFEMALE > BRADSHAW'S CLOSET !!!!!!!!!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > Thongs lol 
Yes I was in all those emotional states of mental instability ; that was when I was constantly killing myself by submitting my will to cater to your views on how I should live . I no longer live my life in a closet . I came out a long time ago . I disagree . 
So I have to wait another week for True Blood ? 
\My boyfriend is better than yours\ " BITCH " 
I have domestic abuse defense legs ? Right lol 
Completely irked 
So I'm off what is there to do ? 
Good morning Love , \ 
\ 
Don't let go . Stay how we were , melted in the warm embrace of the love that we share . Let's stay in this current state of mind , peace of mind . Good morning Love . 
And it keeps getting better 
When people think you're crazy they will leave you the hell ALONE and life becomes so peaceful . So as far as yall know I'm a complete lunatic , ok . 
Slept my entire day away . Now time to get make some music 
Then came you .... 
I refuse to sleep all day like yesterday . Wake me up at 12 ... 1:30 ish . 
We can't tell people about a life we've never lived . I share , with you , wisdom Life has shared with me . It's a blessing to be so young and so wise . 
HELP ME PLEASE HELP ME !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
My mother-in-law ..... LOVE HER 
Thinking about taking up journalism . It feels right . 
I see gay people ! 
At bar with my babe about flying high 
In Love Park watching this homeless guy bath . Such a sad sight but this is the reality of it all . We are too privileged and we take even the smallest things for granted . 
We laugh at those who are so less fortunate than ourselves . If we look into the lives of others taking in all their pain we will be able to see just how quickly it could all vanish . Stay grounded and real . 
OMG IF I HAVE TO GET OUT THIS BED ONE MORE TIME . 
The victims of Saw really kill themselves . There is always a way to get out physically unharmed 
So you write me a song and can't remember how it goes smh . Least I have the words . I can wing it . 
The Journey the heArt takEs you on is amazing . My travels have been every bit of a Great Expedition . Like searching for Atlantis .... 
Can't sleep and mad bored smh 
My World so peaceful . My thoughts are finally organized . I love late night writing !!!!!!!!!! 
I still can't sleep OMG WHAT AM I GOING THROUGH ? 
So , wanted some more sleep 
YESSSSSSS GAVE TO THE \MAN\ " ALL OVER THE STEPS OF CITY HALL . RIGHT ON LOL " 
Wisdom is better than silver and gold . 
I need some bucks . 
Ugh people nowadays are so immoral smh 
This man has a hit out on me . Smh it's really not that deep . 
I hate white walls , so .... blah . 
I love the way I choose my words . Just listen to me ... 
He repeats himself . Smh 
Just told this crazy bitch to sprinkle some strong dust pepper Into her man food ... what have I done . 
I have no more crayons In my box ... omg 
I'm going to be a God Father !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! So effin happy to :-D 
Bored 
Had a blast with @ < PROPFEMALE > Bailey-Sherard and Zanai .... and the cat d'_'b 
Rise and Shine !!!!!! 
Silence can be the loudest things at the most important times . 
I can't lose by telling the truth and you can't win by telling the truth . Smh ugh I'm not in the mood . 
Job Hunting ......... I need two 
\The recssion is over ... \ " More LIES I'm sure d ' .. ' b " 
I have a plan ... 
WORK !!!!! 
Ok Ms. < PROPFEMALE > you better get that man !!! This lady ! 
Sexy 
I hate using other peoples shit smh 
Just want you around , just need you around . 
Look into the eyes of the oppressed . See how depressed from the stress they caused , keeping them chained to a desk . Smart In the head but without a degree he's dead . This corrupted system of education and labor . I will never work for the dead so consider me dead . 
Bout to go in 
[ Pondering ] Can lust and love really coexist ? 
I can't leave it alone .... next up \Textbook Solutions\ " STAY TUNED " 
Irked !!!!!!!!!!!! I need to get to a phone asap 
Ok now I'm straight 
This time next year I will be in a Brownstone . 
Blasting Mos Def and The Roots on a crowded \SEGREGATED\ " bus ... and I'm the only one standing . " 
Dante ..... GO TO SLEEP 
\EARLY MORNING RISING \"" 
\I go through obstacles like a whole box of condoms \"" 
Time to take off business 
How often are you happy in your relationship ? 
It was a good day and it's about to be a GRReeaaTT NIGHT !!!!!! 
\Ain't no birds gon slow me down\ " In my sound proof dimension . " 
I love when people try to stereotype me . They can't cuz I'm not the typical \anything \"." 
I've learned some very valuable life lessons and I've matured tremendously from them . It's time I , officially , move on to the next chapter in Life ... adulthood . 
\I give lots of shits\ " LMAO " 
Are we having a boy ? 
I didn't choose to be a writer , the pen chose me . 
Is he serious ? Lol 
Good Morning !!!!!!!!! 
Feeling secure now that I know the reason 
ZONED OUT 
Soooo sleepy ... 
HATE IT !!!! JUST HATE IT !!!! TIME TO GO ( In my < PROPFEMALE > voice ) 
That's see , who's online ? 
Wisdom does not come with age but through the eyes of the experienced . 
It reeks of cheap cologne . 
People tell me the craziest things about themselves . I don't know your name but I know your entire life story . I don't think I'm going to have opened conversations anymore . 
It's been 220 for the PAST half hour #IAintInTheMood 
JUST left Chinatown I'm on my way 
I wanna go back to sleep 
when the rain falls it doesnt fall one mans house 
I never knew Love before then came You . 
Hitting the city .... hope I don't melt . 
Yo < PROPFEMALE > ? Who the hell is < PROPFEMALE > ! I am a boy < PROPMALE > l < PROPFEMALE > o 
< PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > !!!!!!!!!!!! 
Writer's Block . d'¬'b 
Now that's going green . 
Irked 
at work .... seven hours to go lets . lets see how this thing goes . 
BORED 
soon and very soon 
Time to Go !!!!!!! 
The nastiest church juice ever . 
Figures , story of my life . I should've kept my mouth shut . Smh 
Spaghetti !!!!!!!!! 
What a day ! 
I'm angry because its 1am and I have on clothes . 
Got the itis like a country bama named < PROPMALE > on Thanksgiving . smh 
when i get home me and my Sealy Postipedic are going to have one hell of an affair !!!!!! 
I'm sure there are plenty of people who would just die for me to waltz them into a state of freedom that only they can obtain from within . 
TIME TO GO 
OMG I can't decide on what to wear , 
I need bucks !!!!!! 
LISTENING TO Fantasia 
in a realtionship is happiness , aside from love , enough ? Is it all about the smiles , blushed cheeks , and twinkling eyes ? What is a relationship all about ?... Truly 
im bored . who feel like chatting 
I LOVE THIS CD !!!!!! 
I wanna ...... ;-) 
Ugh it never fails and Tianah Andrews logs out everytime . smh 
Good morning facebook ... Good night facebook . See you in the pm . 
Now what does this say about your character ? Smh 
I so hated this computer right now . 
Irked niggas working on my nerve . 
I feel rather nice 
Guess I did have time 
I WANT A < PROPFEMALE > ALE ... 
UUUGGGGGHHHHH NOW I HAVE TO WAKE TIL I GET HOME . 
just another hour and i'm gone now its time to do my job for once 
HOW OLD ARE WE ?... EXACTLY , GET YALL SHIT TOGETHER ! YALL IRKING ME ! BTW ... GOOD MORNING FB ... SMH #NIGGAS 
FANTASIA TAKE ME HOME GIRL !!!!!! TIME TO GO !!!!!! 
what do you put n you Oodles Of Noodles ? 
\WAIT WAIT .... \"" 
move on baby , come and get this love . 
It is not your kids fault they have no home training so I'ma slap the shit out of you cause they should know better . 
He's lying smh 
Doing some much needed cleaning . 
All this love , yes , it yours . More need to your perfect . Say the Word , if i make a wrong turn just give me some direction . 
And it feels like d'u'b 
two months and i will be her son ... 
on the IHOP menu . What you want ? 
Making nothing into something ..... they will never know . 
Late and irked ... 
getting sick #iaintgottime 
there are times ... :-/ 
And I'm bored .... thinking about growing my hair . 
I know I'm wrong . 
YO MC HAMMER JUST KILLED IT !!!!!! 
Need to get over this cold by next week . My voice is shot !!!!!!! 
Why are we having a entire conversation through fb chat and we're lying next to each other . Bitch use your words verbally 
\I don't want to go to work [ tonight ] ... I gotta get up ... \"- Jill < PROPFIRST > " 
A nice < PROPFEMALE > would break this cold ... VSOP ANYONE ? 
Ugh all these people please do not call me 
and my pen is bleeding gracefully ... 
ugh an hour and some change left . I can not WAIT to get off work . Wish Quay < PROPFIRST > didn't have class but #whateva ( in my voice hood rat voice ) .... and sorry for shutting you down . 
poppin these hallz like they mints 
LMAO This nigga has been reading me all over twitter . Smh lol 
I DON'T WANNA DO SHIT BUT LAY HERE , DRINK THIS TEA , AND HAVE A CONVERSATION WITH M.J. 
I work wih the most confused individuals on Earth ... how hard is it to understand a schedule ? 
Idiots 
I am not in the mood for the bullshit #nottoday 
Lets have a #champagnechroniknightcap 
We live in a Lie for one of two reasons : either we're afraid of the opinions of others or we are too ignorant to walk in the Truth , conditioned to believe our feelings are sin . I thought the truth shall set us free . 
Feeling so much better 
< PROPMALE > !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
\Nobody else has that charm \"" 
catching up on my Fantasia For Real . Work at 12 ugh 
Did this lil ass boy just throw me his shit so he wouldn't get arrested ? Fuck that nigga get your shit ! 
So , whose next ? 
Both sides fried 
ASS 
Well that's done ! 
Chucks , ball shorts , a thermal , hoodie , and sunglasses ... total butch < PROPFEMALE > right ? Smh 
Needs to let go ! 
I MADE IT !!!!!! 
Read between the lines . 
What was I dreaming about ? 
Dead Like Me 
Always something 
These dreams I've been having lately are crazy weird . 
Late for work smh 
No , you got it all wrong ! I'm a good boy who's good at being bad . 0 :-) 
So if \eating ain't cheating\ " then what is it ? " 
The saying \you can't choose your family\ " is a total lie . Family isn't defined by the bloodline you stem from but relationships that we build with people . " 
I want some banana pudding ... the real kind no instant shit 
YURP !!!!! 
On the bus bored hit me up in the chat box ...... PLEASE ! 
So why this girl look like Jovonnie ? 
Im so sleepy right now but you will never by looking . Btw I'm hungry who got me on those meal points 
is having a gay ol ' time . #noshade 
I'm hungry but don't know what i want to get . 
I'll be damned if we go backwards as a nation . GO AND VOTE !!!!!! KEEP DEMOCRACY ALIVE !!!!!!!! 
Don't just tolerate me , that means you really don't accept me for who I am , you've just realized that I'm here and not going anywhere so you've learned to accept that . But , I want more than tolerance ... 
Just got back . Soooo psyched !!!!!!!! Such sarcasm 
I jus oh so LOVE Tianah Andrews & Ayashe TheeLittleone < PROPMALE > !!!!!!!!!!!! 
Can you pay my bills ? 
I wanna know what I'm getting .... 
Its been way over an hour 
Waiting ... 
3 months ..... 
LAST MINUTE SHIT SMH 
WATCHING THE SUPER < PROPFIRST > BRO . SUPER SHOW . AND EATING SPAGHETTI 
Woody Woodpecker !!!!!!! 
I think I'm about to start shopping at Baby Gap 
\I've been missing a man's touch low these many months . \ " I JUST LOVE STEWIE LMFAO " 
almost time to go home . hope this girl on time . 
I guess I'll see ya next lifetime . 
Just woke up ... time to start my day 
I miss my Yogi Bear 
In this body that I occupy I'll ask you questions that will make you cry . Its very sinister in this land of mind . 
getting my money right 
damn just shit on my parade ... some bff lmao 
Yo its like such a beautiful morning . 
Niggaz are always late ! 
Ring with < PROPFEMALE > s not a < PROPFEMALE > ring ... remember that 
Do I give you Tevin Campbell or < PROPMALE > Stephens ? 
He put something in this spaghetti #Imsureofit . 
whatever ! 
I need a camera 
watching Lost for the very first time . I'm always late smh 
I guess I don't watch television because I'm too emotional . 
hurry up 
... skeletal and malnourished ... 
I am sooooo happy 
Wait did we just share a \marriage\ " moment " 
T-mobile is trying it 
Sipping on some Seagrams ... 
I'm stranded !!!!!!! 
Why is everyone reading < PROPFEMALE > Minaj lmao 
Xena : Warrior Princess ... hmph better than Power Rangers any day in my book 
There is a horrible looking that says \LOCAL TO PATTISON STATION\ " with \ " SOUTHBOUND\ " for reassurance . There is no reason for you to ask me if this train goes to Pattison Ave . " 
My neice told me \Don't trust them new niggas over there\ " . wtf tell them again Zanai lmao " 
What the hell are vegetarian eggs ? 
just woke up from the best nap now i'm eating some cream of wheat . 
Home 
Guess its time for me to get up to prepare for this \reading session \"." 
HE'S ON HIS WAY !!!!!!!!!! :-D 
Going to work !!!! WHAT A BLAST THIS'LL BE !!!!!!!!! 
Pass the peas like we used to do . 
It takes a lot of courage to be yourself when the person you really are is the person a lot of motherfuckers have a problem with . 
at work . 
THERES SOMETHING ABOUT YOU 
what shall i watch 
O how I love Giant !!!!!!! 
For Colored Girls TONIGHT !!!! CAN'T WAIT 
Well congrats Mr. < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > . Your movie is sold out . Now I'm forced to watch Paranormal Activity 2 . Well done !!!!! 
... and this is what you get ... 
So happy I can't hold it in 
Let's play a game ... 
i dont like people 
I love the way he smells 
\WADDUP HO\ " ... EXCUSE YOU !!!! " 
why is everyone getting sick ? not cool 
I love Tuesday's 
who up ? hit me up 
TIME TO GOOOOOOO 
This is going to be a good day . No matter what !! 
\If he hurts you I'll kill him ! \"....." 
Sorry ... if you would've gotten here a lil earlier you would've gotten these seats ... sucks huh ? Lol 
This girl and these damn sunflower seeds 
........................ 
\I got sorry at the front door . You can keep yours \"- Jo \ " Red \"" 
my love is so wide you cant get around it . 
bored ... hit me up 
\We're not gonna pay last years rentttttttt ... \ " right just paid this months " 
My imagination is one of a kind . The benefits of being a Pisces 
What do you really know about ? 
Why these hoes in Wawa so damn ghetto ? 
I see where Smart Water is so smart it tastes like Dasani to me . 
This is fun . Idk y it just is . Lmao 
The games as old as time . 
Cup of Noodles !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
House clean , clothes washed , heads are done . Time for the Chicken < PROPMALE > . 
Right right ! Cuz you already know . # < PROPMALE > 
Y she jus give me < PROPMALE > this lmao 
Who the fuck are \us\ " and \ " we \"?" 
And he's sleep now I'm bored 
Hit me up 
Forgiveness is not for them , its yours . 
dumb ass questions . #notimpressed ask me some real shit 
Q : whats yours favorite sexual experience ? \ 
A : lol I am the experience 
Q : Voulez vous coucher avec moi ce soir \ 
A : AH NO MAYBE SOME OTHER TIME LOL 
lying in the dark looking at the ceiling wondering when will my body decide to go to sleep 
Tis Tis Tis smh 
INBOX YOUR QUESTIONS ALL LINES ARE OPEN !!! :-) 
Q : If I jumped off a bridge would you jump to save me ? \ 
A : If I jump trying to save your dumb ass , who gonna save my dumb ass ? No , jump off a step and i'll be there . 
\king daddy dick\ " lmao " 
rldbrldbrldbrldbrldbrldbrldbrldbrldbrldbrldbrldbrldbrldbrldbrldbrldbrldbrldb 
When in love , we open the doors of our heart to another allowing them to become one with you ; Y'all in love . But what if they never walk in ? Pull me in . 
questions anyone ? 
Just got off the phone with mommie dearst 
Thanks for the smile and blushes :-) 
guess im a beautiful idiot 
I'm bored 
This prime rib sandwich is fixin to do one thing 
sick 
Follow me on Twitter @Dantsworld 
a big I LOVE YOU to my fav ppl Quay < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > Bailey-Sherard , < PROPFEMALE > Stamps , PreddiPink ' Mamacita , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Hayes , and < PROPFIRST > T . < PROPFIRST > 
O AND THE BESTIE Tianah Andrews HOW COULD I FORGET ? SMH 
#irked 
That was good 
Woke up this morning with a smile on my face . 
Inspired 
MORMANS !!!!!!!!!!! 
Soooo happy I just got the phone with my god mommy . =-D 
Pandora is giving me everything !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
New places , new things , a new story in life . I'm all for it . 
the problem is that the cup of noodles is downstairs and i don't feel like getting out my bed . 
Bored on a Tuesday night with nothing to do . [ Sighs ] 
I need something to do tonight like asap 
SHE LOVES HIM !!!! SOMEBODY'S MAKING #PROGRESS 
Woke up and behold , snow . 
Guess whose coming to dinner ?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?! 
The latest of < PROPMALE > smh 
Total 360 
#tearingshitup 
doing some research 
What are they hiding ? 
15 minutes of sleep smh ... only 3 people to blame 
Damn textbook solutions ! The dumbest nigga can get a $ 56,000 job over me because he holds a lil piece of paper with a degree . Some ole bullshit if you ask me . Is it even about the intelligence or capability and quality of one's work anymore or , more so , hiring employees with degrees make coorperate < PROPFEMALE > look more coorperate than it actually is ? Smh 
Another married momment .. gn fb :-) 
\Phone the president\ " ? what ? lol " 
splitting headache like shit 
Question ? 
I heard this voice before . 
LOVE ME BACK , LOUD , LET FREEDOM REIGN , on PINK FRIDAY 
I'LL DRINK TO THAT 
\I may be bad but I'm perfectly good at ... \ " Rihanna- S&M " 
damn already . he early 
i did this shit two weeks ago smh 
soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo umm yea 
These niggas were scared lmao 
I am very impatient . 
In rehearsal and I'm ready 
Christ was not born the last month of the year . We just celebrate during that time . It just sounds nice 
My yesterday lifted a weight from my today . 
want some soup 
Ok I'm bored and giving in . Send me the < PROPFIRST > !!!!!! 
#29 I love the way you're coming into your own . Ily ya sis 
#26 I wish closer than we are 
#56 sorry it didn't work out but u a cool dude 
#1234 #YessssHoney lol with you its always tit for tat ... this or that 
#7 you aint scared of no bitch or nigga . you my hood-bitch lol 
#66 my favorite lil sis always keeps it real ily 
#10 what can i say ? You've been with me through everything . You never changed and never stopped caring . ILY 
#20 did you catch contact ? lol 
426 -- remember your mom having a fit cuz i we walked through 13th St ? lmao . but we been right there for each other since the 2nd grade . I proud to have you as my bestfriend and Im sure itll stay that way . I wouldnt do anything different but we do need to talk more lol 
i needed this 
phone died 
\You DO NOT write the way you talk \"- Monique Branch ..... took my writing to the nexr level ... THANK YOU " 
\Pop that pussy and shake that ass\ " \ 
Can you realistically expect the world to understand the relationship between two people ? 
What am I wearing today 
I absolutely love fruit roll-ups 
Thinking about the conversation I had with my mother earlier . She put everything in prespective . 
\Heyyyy BOO-BOOOOO\ " :-) memories " 
Whose you God . 
d'_'b .... bored 
They don't get the meaning , just the money . They commerialized and rearranged . Lied and stole . Killed and destroyed . Using something of such importance to millions of people to pay their collectors . 
the writings on the wall 
bored 
\ur a reformed whore who may have a relapse ... \"" 
follow me on twitter @reformed_ink 
Over it so I'm checking out until further notice 
bored and feel like talking . hit me up 
They cover up their fuck ups and condition us to believe it to be true . 
No stems , no seeds 
Where ever i move Ima need a nice size garden . Ill save sooo much money .... and make some 
i feel like talking 
changed everything about my music 
Once we've learned our lessons we'll be able to live 
Bored o_0 
I think my phone is off . O well internet still works . 
Guess not lol 
I may not have kids but I do know there's more to raising one than just taking care of them . What are you teaching them ? What wisdom are you passing on to them ? Our kids will not be fools of the world . 
Damn phone off and staying that way until the 7th . Oh well internet still work . 
O btw gm fb 
Glad nobody was behind me lmao 
Grandma , why do you have California < PROPMALE > on your spice rack ? 
This is going to be great !!!!!!!! =] 
Snow is evil 
Yooo I need to eat . 
I shouldn't be bored ... 
You know what really grinds my gears ? Leaving tax payers to dig their way out while plows are sent out to clear out a damn parking lot . At least they have priorities ... 
Where is the < PROPFEMALE > I knew as a child ? 
Glee !!!!!!!! 
And i smile everytime 
I am sooooo madly in love with my boyfriend . He deserves a foot rub with my tongue 
Quay < PROPFIRST > is an idiot and PreddiPink ' Mamacita and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > should be slapped for thinkin im putting my tongue on anybodies fuking feet 
All done 
Im definitely getting a cut 
We finally #fuckedup a meal smdh 
He is going off lmfao 
Damn Moochie 
I said the Po-Pos gon b knockin at yo doo doo lmao 
Can you say high ? 
How you driving a taxi and dont know where shit at ? 
Cuz im from #thehood lol 
Why is this butch < PROPFEMALE > giving me so much ? 
If you wanna instill social justice in your children why not raise them where social justice is the most corrupt . 
Just woke up from a much needed nap . But I had mad fun this weekend , can't wait to do it again =) 
Everyday when you're walking down the street and everybody that you meet has an original point of veiw . And I say HEY , what a wonderful kind of day ... 
I love this phone 
\you gon believe them over me ? \ " Shut up nigga lol " 
Got the number changed hit me up if you want it 
Just perfect damn screen cracked 
Time to start cooking 
I need some new friends my social life sucks like a $2 hooker 
What ever happened to SARS ? 
For that to be my first time that was damn good 
This girl about to tear these white girls a new one 
What the fuck is this shit here , family reunion on the bus ? 
Dinka-what ? 
Disgusted 
Feeling it 
Ok I'm feeling it lol 
Camden smh y'all gon show y'all ass ... and that's the shade 
Love these #extenzecommercial s 
its always the ugly ones 
I may not have a ton of friends but I have five of the most beautiful friends I could ask for and I wouldn't trade them for anything 
The past two days have been the best 
You know I get the whole \the world don't need to know my business\ " theory however there's a difference between keeping your business just that and lying about who you are . #notcool " 
People make me sick . There's too much shit going on to be worried about if your next door neighbor pockets are as empty as yours are . 
I don't have time for the bullshit so keep it . Get at me after you wipe your ass . 
I how these kids don't think they're going over with these snow days and delays ..... it don't snow in June and by time they make up these days July gon be damn near over . 
I feel like going out tonight ... something simple just chill 
Wednesday I only ate lunch , yesterday a medium soup from WAWA , haven't ate anything yet and I'm not hungry . Like wtf I don't even get the munchies anymore . I know I need a to eat but I'm forcing myself . 
Let's start a movement 
Yessss i'm eating !!!!!!!!! 
Yo these are the best fucking frutty peebles i've ever had 
Now I can't sleep smh 
Ugh where is Sister Honeycomb ? I need Sister Honeycomb 
Chrishaunda\ 
Oprah's Niece 
Yesssssss Ms. < PROPFEMALE > lmao 
Ard Barack I'm listening . Say what you have to say . 
Don't judge me 
So this car just got stuck in the drive way . I wanna laugh but that'll be rude . Right ? 
I hate labels 
All these fucking seeds 
On the job market and caught a sale . 
My eyelashes are real . Yours are as glued on as that shit on your head #tackylookingbitches 
I need some #shoutingmusic bad 
if you run out of ideas call me . 
Very low tolerance today .... 
Omg I can smell everything and its making me sicker than I was . 
Submit the truth , leave the deception of thy youth 
The wicked find me guilty but Jehovah will prove my innocence . 
Dying on the outside so the person on the inside can live 
We really shouldn't #talkshit cuz we all go thro shit and the #shittalkers who talk the most shit be the ones with the most shit #oneply 
Just saw my future and I know how Im getting there . 
This winter shit needs to stop like yesterday 
Watching The Fresh < PROPMALE > Of Bel-Air , the old < PROPFEMALE > was the shit . The light skinned one was too \Bel-Air \"" 
So I'm starting a magazine , what do y'all wanna see that y'all aren't getting from other magazines ? All ideas are welcomed . 
When your life is spent living up to the expectations of others you loss sight of your own . Its your life , outside standards will only trap you in a box and prevent you from living up to YOUR full potential . 
we put so much emphasis on material things that we loss sight of whats really important in life . 
Sing children 
I love classical music 
An independent country that teaches it inhabitants to depend on its government . Where's the independence ? 
We preach tolerance , love , and equality however in that same spirit spit at the man whose heels are higher than yours . 
If we focus more on the spirit within we won't have to focus on the spirits around us ... everything will reveal itself 
Will you be able to survive if the earth , somehow , returned to it's natural state ? 
The spirit of freedom was lost within the walls of the authority 
Now I feel like a lil video chat ... 
How can we praise a friend then shoot that same friend down because he has a different point of view . 
You win now not realizing that by winning that lost your guaranteed to loss in the end . 
My mom don't want \no dirt \"" 
i dont know why these lil boys think they be inventing shit . ain't nothing new under the sun homeboi smdh 
almost there ... 
The mind is like a garden , sometimes it's not ready to be planted with the seed of truth . 
These people ... 
To have knowledge , you must first have reverence for the LORD . Stupid people have no respect for wisdom and refuse to learn . http://bible.us/Prov1.7.GNTD 
Delete 
To have knowledge , you must first have reverence for the LORD . Stupid people have no respect for wisdom and refuse to learn . http://bible.us/Prov1.7.GNT 
Everywhere I go it's some attention seeking bitch sit down 
Thristy Camden jawns 
Now that's black talent for your ass 
Like are we extinct ? 
So your mad cuz some dirty ass lil boy was talking shit about you jacket ? I guess that makes sense ... 
Ok now I'm ready 
Ok todays going to be a really good day !!!!!!!!!!!!! = D 
Be Grateful-Walter Hawkins 
Lol awe < PROPFEMALE > 
So is this like the gay section of the bus ? 
Re : 5 
Re : 0 
Re : 9 
Re : 7 
I wanna share my outfit with the world . Only me .... 
All I wanna do is write , past on the wisdom I've been given , and be free . 
How can I be free if I must over up the < PROPFEMALE > of my soul . 
Funniest thing : woke up , showered , dressed , and everything that comes with that . Looked at my phone ... \GTFOH it's only Saturday . Hype for church lol ... well least I know what I'm wearing . " 
Today is going to be a good day 
Ooooo they're high waisted ... 
Going to long island drive 
Yay my nephew/godson is finally here 
I often wonder how different my life would be if we'd never met ... 
Who knows ... who cares ... who knew ... 
Ego is a manner of arrogance and complacency . If a person always insists on his or her thinking , preference and habit , does not compromise comparatively with anyone , his or her ego is rather serious . 
You are the subgroups of yourself 
-Quay Anthony ... sorry 
Good morning peoples . The average person has a new thought every five minutes . So if that's the case , what are we thinking about and how are we incorporating our thoughts , questions , and ideas into our daily lives ? How do we benefit from these ideas , if we even have . How are you acting on them ? See my point ? 
We work good under pressure and come out dressed in silver and gold . 
3hrs left 
Had a wonderful time today . Just wanna thank everyone who came out , it meant alot 
HEY GUYS POLITICAL CHIC IS NOW UP AND RUNNING SO CHECK IT OUT LIKE NOW !!!! Like really this my baby ... \ 
http://www.openzine.com/aspx/PublisherZine.aspx?ID=41865&IssueID=17673 
Yessss Sista Souljah 
#birthdayhigh 
Thanks everyone for all the birthday love . I love you all ! Muah 
Kiss 
You can't be gay in a alley way , they say it's not safe , sorry k ... 
My love is too me to be thrown back in my face . 
I understand the game ... 
With his mind free from the inflow of thoughts and from restlessness , by abandoning both good and evil , an alert man knows no fear . 
Rise and shine 
Inexperienced people die because they reject wisdom . Stupid people are destroyed by their own lack of concern . 
Fashionably diversed 
these niggas suspect 
She a lil too comfortable 
I can't give you things of material but what I can offer will stay with you forever . 
She always got something to say . Shut up hoe 
#wakenbake Change is a natural part life . Who wakes up and can say I'm the exact same person I was last year ? Anything that doesn't change is dead and anything dead can't grow . So we better be changing mentally , spiritually , emotionally , and intellectually ... GROWING 
Let me count the ways 
How can you make a decision blindly ? Remove the vail then walk through the door . 
Tea anyone ? 
CrAzYsExYcOoL 
I Got This- < PROPFEMALE > Hudson 
Erase , replace , embrace new face 
I didn't lose the game I just stopped playing . That's what happens when you get a man . #sorryk 
I wanna start my day off with some new music . What should I get ? 
Good Mornings , good mornings , good mornings . Happy March 29th 
That was some God given sleep 
Eliminating ALL impurities 
OMG Tianah Andrews I'M SO EMBRASSASSED LMAO 
What the fuck is inappropriate ? Just because you don't like that I ask truthful questions , you take it personal and say I'm being inappropriate and disrespectful . Well now , when did being truthful become disrespectful ? #deception 
HEY GO CHECK OUT THE NEWEST ISSUE OF MY MAGAZINE POLITICAL CHIC !!!!!!!!!! IT'S WORTH THE HYPE LOL\ 
http://www.openzine.com/aspx/PublisherZine.aspx?ID=41865&IssueID=19917 
Damn cat bagging her head against the floor ...... 
#singing come on in the room 
Hmph Seems I don't have every < PROPMALE > album he ever made ...... 
Know what I want ? Two Belgium waffles w/ fresh blueberries-NO SYRUP , an omelet w/ bacon , onions , ham , < PROPFEMALE > peppers , tomatoes , cheddar cheese , and mushrooms with a dash of hot sauce , some scrapple , home fries with Heinz Ketchup , a nice green tea latte , and some sliced mangos .... 
Two moms , complete opposites , two totally different relationships , but they love me all the same . I'm so blessed =D 
Big man knocked out , lil man went back to sleep ... now what ? 
Last day with lil man :( 
SOOOOO TELL ME WHAT YOU WANT WHAT YOU REALLY REALLY WANT ... 
Need a good movie to watch .... 
This storm will not soak me in sorrow , pity , nor stress . I got my umbrella so I'll never get wet BITCH 
#randomthought what if God isn't just a spiritual deity but the earth as a whole . It supplies all our needs , knows all , see's all , creates all , can kill all , controls all except the actions of humanity who depends on it . Just a thought ... 
OK TIME TO WORK 
I may be bad but I'm perfectly good at it . 
Hungry 
Rain + my hair = problem 
So Lilith and < PROPFIRST > were both created from the ground , equality , but < PROPFIRST > had the idea of her being submissive so she left . \If God made us equal why should I submit\ " I can dig it . So God made < PROPFEMALE > from < PROPFIRST > so man could rule over all things women included . Story has it that Lilith refused to return to earth and now causes affliction on 100 offsprings of her ex and his second wife a day . I can dig that ... like a shovel . " 
Watching Banned from the Bible .... very interesting 
Never sleep , running out of thingssss to do , bored and full of energy , story of my life smh 
there's something about writing by hand . It just feels right ... like writing ... #typotypin 
I really want to release the new cover of Political Chic ...... 
NOPE 
Working .... 
PILLOW ! MATTRESS ! SLEEP ! How y'all been ..... finally going to bed ttyl 
Never put all your money in one bank ... lesson learned . 
So here's a question folks !! Who's going to do my hair ? Hmph 
Sooooo what's the plan ? 
mind ya business 
why is this white girl spitting like this wtf 
It was fun until it wasn't 
Selah 
and he came 
Because I'm quiet you think I'm oblivious to the deception you convey to be reality . Well , sorry I'm mute but my ears tell your lying and my eyes see through to truth . 
How bored am I .........? 
The rhythm of the world tires me ... 
The newest issue of the most breathtaking magazine Political Chic !!!! \ 
http://www.openzine.com/aspx/PublisherZine.aspx?ID=41865&IssueID=20187 
I really hope no one sits next to me ... 
Wish me luck y'all!!!!! 
Allowing God to work through me enables me to come from behind my own insecurities and confront the world . I find that the less i focus on myself and what other people may think or say , the more i can be used to spread a message beneficial to the spiritual welfare of whole of humanity . 
\You make your < PROPFEMALE > pure ... \"" 
i don't expect to be justified by these laws of man 
Happy mothers day !!!!!!!!!!!! 
They're just pissing on us without the courtesy of calling it rain . 
All this conspiracy , don't even buy it . Cover ups got you dancing in the street . Drugging them til they're dumb . Til the day the man from the sea takes his sit while the man of the earth ejaculates from the seduction of a whore #babylon 
we know so much but don't know shit 
Like mad bored and feel like talking ... 
