Tired . Homework . Zombie shoot ? 

WITH HOURS WAITING SHOW TONIGHT . Last one . Who's all going ? 
I have so much stuff to get done today . XP 
fuck November . make it October again , and give me a better fall . 
Where the Wild Things are was so sad . And definitely not disappointing . 
So , so , so excited for Underoath . More for August Burns Red , though . 
AIDS benefit tonight . ;] 
Underoath tonight !! So excited . 
Whaaaaaaaats with the pokemon ? 
I miss my friends . 
Monster movie tonight . Im too fucking tired for this . 
Driver's < PROPMALE > tonight . That should be interesting . 
Anyone want to help me do my exam stuff ? I'm about to cry . D; 
Tonight should be interesting . ;D 
Can I just , pause today for hours and hours so I can do everything I need to , and not be tired tomorrow morning ? 
The < PROPMALE > Culpaaaaaaaaaa . I abolutely love them . 
I really don't like this weekend . 
riot maker . 
Someone shoot me . Honestly . 
Ughh . My lips still hurts like a bitch . >:| 
Cool how everyone thinks I got busted for drugs ? Sorry to disappoint , kiddos , but I didn't . 
sing me a rainbow , steal me a dream . 
Feeling better . :] Now , to tackle this homework problem ....... 
Running on two hours of sleep , amd still feeling alright . 
I feel like doing something , but I don't know what yet . 
My dog is afraid of the wind . ahahaha 
Someone come over and pick me upp . I need out of this house . 
They made me in the factory where they made my friends and we work for free . 
Haircut and color tomorrow ! Thank god . Then shopping with the sister . 
Dress shopping with < PROPFEMALE > ! 
FREE ZOO DAY WITH < PROPFEMALE > ! WOOOOO 
feeling lazy as hell . Don't want to go back to school in the morning . :| 
criminal miiiiiinds . :D 
pup's sleeping in my lap . Its cute how my iggy baby thinks hes a lap dog . 
Having allergies bad enough to make you sick is bullshit . 
< PROPFEMALE > Chaput is ridiculous . :p 
I feel so so gooood . Damn . 
I hate book pages for < PROPMALE > . :| 
happy holidays ! :D 
I really want to see Manchester Orchestra on Friday . :| 
long day . I want to sleep , but idk if i can 
Todays looking pretty good compared to the shitty weekend i just had . 
fuck cramps . I dont need these right now . >:| 
this is awesome . Getting a sore throat and cold on the < PROPFEMALE > of my speech . God hates me . 
People make me want to puke . 
I hope you like the stars I stole for you , one hundred million twinkle lights in neon blue . I'll be the brightest someday , I'll be the brightest you'll see 
I hate allergies and a cold combined . >:| 
Candles and the rain on my roof harmonizing with Bon Ivers voice is the best lullaby when sleep escapes you . 
So much to doooooooooo , so little time . 
I do not feel like working tonight . :| 
Dont die on me < PROPMALE > ! Fucking hell . 
And I'll wash my hands clean of you . 
Hardest lesson to learn in life : you can never keep anything the same , no matter how much you try and want things to . 
A june bug just dive-bombed me . Only reason I don't like June . 
Nobody prays for the heartless . Nobody gives another < PROPFEMALE > for the selfish . 
You know I can't afford the medicine that feeds what I need . 
i dont even know how to describe the dream i just had . It was bad though , if my imagination became reality . 
Goal in Life : become a suicide girl , and feel as beautiful as they all look 
my mom's a fucking asshole . 
why are my dreams so fucked up ? 
I would really appreciate it is my stomach would stop killing me 
Novocaine and laughter till were seething\ 
\ 
We can start out loving like its breathing 
Coyotes just attacked something outside my house . I want to cry right now . It sounded like women screaming bloody murder 
The clouds surround us , the light leaves us alone , \ 
and the sky falls in your hand . \ 
Embrace the moment , cuz now we're headin ' home . It couldn't be a sweeter end . 
Italian beef smells like shit . Times like these where I'm glad I'm vegetarian . 
Someone explain to me my own reasoning to being up at ungodly hours in the morning ? Much appreciated . 
No Tech N9ne , so Bamboozle now ? Alright , I'm down . 
so sweaty . This even isnt cool 
I want to go to < PROPMALE > sometime this week . Anyone down ? 
Saw a silhouette , the perfection ; the outline of my dream . The blur that made everything , I had them put it all to shame . 
So my puppy is pretty much just a big baby . Never likes to be away from his mommy . Sometimes I wonder why people can't seem to give the same love and compassion to others as dogs can . It really shouldn't be that mind boggling , but it is . 
Iggys getting his balls hacked off today . Poor baby 
alskdvm , vn I'm having < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > withdrawls . WHERES MY ASHLEYERDMAN PILLS , WOMAN ? 
Hanging with Nads and < PROPMALE > tonight . Text meeeee 
things feel goooooood . Shit 
I want to < PROPFEMALE > out with someone tonight . Text me if you're down . 
mmm steam shower then curling up in bed and reading . Text me if you need to . Goodnight . 
I really want to go to the bar up the street for mozz sticks . Who wants to come with ??? 
Whose going to summerfest today !?!? 
Lazy day tomorrow . Goodnight 
someone should give me a ride to summerfest tonight during the time when its free to get it , please ? 
< PROPFEMALE > the Vampire Slayer marathon on Logo . I'm kind of really excited 
So < PROPFIRST > me love , you've been sweet but can you show me rough ? 
Sleep serapis sleep and august burns red today . Who's going ? 
extra summerfest ticket . Anyone want it ? 
i need a back massage and some aloe right about now . Sunburned and sore to the < PROPMALE > , ughhh 
On the way to the fireworks 
Out for the night . Text me . 
Fuck mosquito bites on my foot . Honestly ! Fuuuuuuuuuuck 
You know i cant take one more step towards you , cuz all that's waiting is regret . 
Somebody mixed my medicine , I don't know what I'm on . 
I’ve got a sin to confess , I’m just \ 
16 if you know what I mean . \ 
Tired . Going to bed soon . Text me 
This is passion , it's not love , Infatuation never ends up right . 
devastated right now . This cant be happening . 
Im hardly capable of half the damage I would like to do . I read the book , I prayed to god , but curse to much to be considered true . Im just like me , but who the hell are you ? 
can you feel the world slowly moving ? 
Shower then painting ? I hate how gross yard work makes me feel . >:| 
Cereal : my anytime of day food . 
All you friends seem like enemies when you're broken down and empty 
guess ill try it too . Like this status and ill tell you how i feel about you , and what my first impression was . :] 
What matters most is how well you walk through the fire . -C . Bukowski 
Who wants to see ATMOSPHERE with me Sept . 9 ??!?!?!? 
heading to the airport . Ahhhhhhh 
Warped today . :D 
lovers catching taxis going downtown . i'm talking to what's left of you ; i'm watching what i say . 
i wanna have a bonfire on friday . Who's down to come !? 
its too hot in my room to sleep , plus im really restless . This sucks 
my cat is ridiculous . :| 
Can't find my phone . What is this . 
Someone come over and < PROPFEMALE > gaze with me . Its so beautiful out tonight 
I took the stars from our eyes , and then I made a map . And knew that somehow I could find my way back . 
Someone come pick me up and get me out of this house . I've been here for far too long right now . :| 
at sarahs house . going to school later maybe . text me if ya need to 
\hey < PROPFIRST > can you .... uhhh ..... can you get me some library ....... some library from the glove box ? yeahhh ...... \ " Oh my god . Talking to me dad when he's half asleep is ridiculous . " 
I feel like when I bend over backwards for you all you do is laugh . 
Does he lie awake listening to your breath ? Worried you smoke too many cigarettes ? 
a clockwork orange is starting to mess with my head a little bit . 
so anyone want to drive me to school this next week ? Otherwise im a little screwed . :/ 
Sex and Violence 
Why is 700 words so hard to do !?!? 
seeing atmosphere tonight !!!!!!!! :D 
Amish people in a < PROPFIRST > !?!? Is that even legal !? 
Havent been to a concert that good in sooo long . 
Sweep that devil out your head , lay those skeletons to rest . 
Travi is my boy . I will love him forever and ever 
Look at that you started , got the whole world shaking their fists at the sky . Trying to find the reason , trying to blame it on tomorrow like it's come to take away their jesus . 
thank you to everyone who wished me a happy birthday ! I really appreciated it ! :] 
Possible girls night saturday in celebration of my birthday ? :D talk to moi . 
It's way too cold . I just want to snuggle under my blankets for a million years . 
fuck allergies . Waking up with puffy eyes and a stuffed up nose is not how i like to start my day . 
I dont like the restless feeling a get when waiting for people to come over . Blahhhhhh 
my niece is probably the cutest thing i have ever seen . Im kind of falling in love with her 
Cleaning for girls night . Can't wait . ;] 
Work tonight ...... :| 
so so so excited for ABR and BMTH ! :D I miss my boys . 
You are one slutty bitch . 
Heart attacks waiting to happen , so come a little closer . Tell me those three little words . 
In the falls with sarebear @ salvation army 
Letgs play a game of russian roulette . I hold the gun , you place the bets . 
Really wanna go to the eastside tonight for the show at the mirimar . but no money . poop . guess ill take a nap ? hahah 
pretty in pink ! 
\it makes people in the war think .......... why are we fightin' ? \"" 
not to self : dont ever fall asleep during ghost story shows again . Your dreams get freaky . 
AP Psych or < PROPFEMALE > the Vampire Slayer . Hmmm ....... 
Everytime I yawn , my nose burns . >:| 
watching all the < PROPMALE > Potter movies before thursday . Then its the 1st part of the 7th ! 
What words can you get out of \one\ " being the middle part ? Like al\ " one \"?" 
Watching SLC Punk and drinking tea . #goodlife 
made biscuits from scratch , and managed to get flour all over me , the kitchen and iggy . Oops . 
Home alone for the night . What should I do ? 
Church camp all weekend . Really cant have my phone . Text if you really need to . :] 
someone should do something with me after work tonight . Im sick of sitting in this house doing nothing . :| 
someone come pick me uppppp 
great weekend . :] especially since im getting my wisdom teeth out tomorrow . :| 
watching man vs . food with the pops . I dont know how this guy is not 300 pounds yet . 
Someone should come over to cuddle with meeee . :] 
Well , seems I've left my phone at the relative's . This kind of really sucks . At least I had a decent Christmas , and I hope everyone else did too . :] 
who wants to hangout today since I've got no plans ? :] 
Tonight looks like a Misfits watching kind of night . 
cleaning + homework today , eastside tomorrow . And then party on friday . 
why am i getting siiiiiiick !? I hate this . :| 
So who's up for a girl's night this saturday ? :] 
Girls night tomorrow . It should get pretty interesting . :] 
i think im gonna bash some heads in tomorrow if i hear people talking about skins . The UK did it first , and better i must say . 
this is disgusting . 
I could really do without my eyes going cross-eyed whenever I'm at the computer without my glasses . :| 
Exhausted from painting . Who knew it could take so much out of you ? 
Come at me AP psych paper . 
painting all night . :] 
went to the doctor , guess i got the flu . :/ shit sucks 
odessey ! :] 
lots of stuff to do today . Ccd class later . Fun day . :| 
tutti fuckin ' fruiti 
i hate painting when im upset . Never a good combination . :/ 
Gotta dress asian for tomorrow night . Anyone got ideas ? Ahaha 
fuck landlords , forreal . 
this place about to blowwwww 
painting the rest of the day away . :] 
We aren't quite ready yet , so stop thinkin ' cuz the future's dead 
