We lost < PROPMALE > . 

moo ? 
you give me that funny feeling in my tummyy <3 
Happiness :D 
is fried .. 
superspyched :D 
Chiken sandwich and some waffle fries .. 
Did < PROPFIRST > Mays really die ? 
Boys Like Girls , Never Shout Never , and The Ready Set .. less than 24 hours away :O 
Fail . 
Mmmm .. toasted marshmallows (: 
gets to see < PROPMALE > Potter tonight :D 
Giggles and baby bear suits make rainbows jealous 
wishes she were in Oregon .. :P 
Spread love like butter 
Ambushed by a crazy weilding a permanent marker .. O.o 
Mmm .. chill music .. Still happy from Adventureland (: 
Ahhh !! S'mores!! Can't wait :D 
Just became a fan of deoderant . What is wrong with the world ? 
Hamburger Helper .. :D 
Circle me and the needle moves gracefully back and forth If my heart was a compass , you'd be North Risk it all ' cause I'll catch you if you fall Wherever you go , if my heart was a house , you'd be home 
Just watched a spider spin a web .. How awesome (: Wish I could spin a web .. hehe 
I'm not sure I'll be able to look at him the same way again . 
Coffee .. :D 
I'll blend up that rainbow above you and shoot it through your veins 
Gah ! Thank you EVERYONE who wished me a happy birthday .. It was wonderful :) Love you all !! <3 
Loving me some baby :O 
Nom nom nom .. want a muffin . :) 
Our voices are stronger than any guns , our strength and our spirits , we've already won , we won't lay down tonight . 
This is the end , this is the end . I've been here , I've seen it all before ; like a memory . Remember me .. 
Someday winter will die . >.< 
You don't know me , you don't even care . 
Blisters on my fingers .. not fun .. But today was awesome nonetheless :) 
Back from nebraskeeeeee .. not looking forward to school tomorrow . :P 
Mmmmm .. lasagna :) 
is thinkin she better get to bed .. 
I trust more than I should , give more than I have , and love beyond all reason . - Anonymous 
Loves going to school late .. We should not have band every morning , methinks . 
Woke up at one today .. I feel so accomplished :D 
And then I get a scary thought .. That he's here means he's never lost .. 
Save a tree . Eat a beaver . 
I laugh at the stupidity of the human race .. 
I am Pippen . But I'm also a lot like < PROPFIRST > . 
Based on my answers , I am most like Pippen . I was also very much like < PROPFIRST > . 
Sonnets take 2 hours ? Psh .. more like 15 minutes . Of chemistry torture . :P 
Everything in the world is fake now . According to the world . So what is real ? What can we depend on anymore ? It's all very confusing and I feel swept away .. I just want something real to hold onto to keep me from drowning .. 
And my blood won't stick to the confines of my veins .. Your heart is going to tear mine away . 
If you'll be my < PROPFEMALE > , I'll be your sky . You can hide beneath me and come out at night . When I turn jet black , you can show off your light . I live to let you shine .. 
Cookie euphoria .. :) 
Are my fingers cold ? I dunno for sure .. I can't feel them anymore .. :( 
And it kills me .. that I still harbor this hurt .. because once upon a time , I was in your life . Now I'm just a ghost passing by , wearing an empty smile . How blind are your eyes .. 
I swear I'm gonna cry , I'm sick of trying to be tough .. 
Mah tummy hurts .. :( 
one fine day .. :) 
I just google stalked myself . for lack of a better early morning activity . 
all that I'm after is a life full of laughter.as long as I'm laughing with you . 
i'm happy knowin ' that you are mine .. the grass is greener on the other si-ide . the more i think the more i wish that we could , lie here for hours and just-a . reminisce . ooh-ooh . 
no one understands me quite like you do , through all of the shadowy corners of me .. 
winters come , my love , and winters go . and time stacks up in piles like winter snow . and everything you love and hold so dear . won't really matter when we disappear . oh , one day you will go away from this . oh , one day you will know we're men of snow , we melt one day .. 
My bones are shifting in my skin .. 
Gah !! iPod nano for Chirstmas ?? I think so :D 
Happy Festivus :D 
What is this I hear ? A lawn mower in the dead of winter ? Yeahh . I do hear it . 
this isnt for you , this isnt for me .. its for whoever it wants to be .. 
quit yelling . you're giving me a headache . 
Being with loved ones for New Years is the best thing ever (: 
Its pretty cold out .. I'd say its the coldest it's been all year .. 
Procrastination .. We have a love/hate relationship . We both abuse each other .. It's a sad , never ending saga . \ 
\ 
P.S. I should be writing a monologue about < PROPFEMALE > Moreno in Spanish and studying about Australia , but instead I'm writing incredibly long statuses about nothing and surfing Google for pictures of narwhals . I should probably re-establish my priorities .. 
There will be unity . 
Narwhals are the unicorns of the ocean . 
You make me ridiculously happy <3 
is eatin a scone . ohh yummers (: 
thinks the next scone she eats should be warm (: bahaha . 
but this is the way i need to wake , i will wake to you , and you never left me , all that i had dreamt had been untrue , open my eyes and i see sky .. i'll be just fine , just say you'll stay forever mine , til we fall asleep tonight . 
imma thpaniard .. with a lithp . 
sometimes i forget to love you like i should , but i'd never leave you , no i never would , i never would . 
is going to play a game . and eat some soup (: 
and that was when I loved you best . we were kids then . we shouldn't think about the rest . 
you see , this world has lots to offer , but in time it will go dark , and if this love is what we say it is , i'm sure will we will go far .. 
banana socks .. ( : 
like the dolphin who guides you , you bring us beside you , to light up the darkness and show us the way , for though we are strangers in your silent world , to live on the land we must learn from the sea , to be true as the tide and free as a wind swell , joyful and loving in letting it be .. 
i'll be there when you're feelin ' down to kiss away the tears if you cry , I'll share with you all the happiness I've found , a reflection of the love in your eyes .. 
Some people are just too dang cute .. ( : 
this is the time and this is the place to be , alive .. 
Preeettyy nervous about drumline now .. ): 
Carl : ( to < PROPMALE > ) So how do you eat a taco one-handed ? < PROPMALE > : We're about to see Becky : Oh ! I thought you were just joking . And I was like , \Carl ! That's a horrible joke ! \ " But you were being serious ! " 
just found out today at the dentist that I have a metal filling in one of my teeth .. And have had it since last summer . Why did I not know this before ? I do not know . Mind boggling .. 
Cats .. don't eat lettuce . Ooooorrr knives (: 
Lost .. When will you find me ? How can you save me from myself ? 
the road ahead is going nowhere fast , the light is red , looks like i'm gonna crash , i've lost all direction , right is left and up is down , so here's my soul confession .. i've given up completely , everything is upside down , i need your love to lead me .. right now . 
I wanted forgiveness , but found an excuse instead .. if you would have told me , that this isn't who I am , I would have listened . I'm still finding it hard to live without this shame , it's weighing on me .. I slam into the wall . Running after you . 
Behind the Green Glass Door .. 
I lost my lip balm today . I've only had it for two days . FML . 
All my news feed stories are about people joining groups . 
Oh my little darling , you must have come come from the sea . With all those little fishes , pretty as can be . 
God give me strength to make it through , situations that sometimes get out of hand . I'll keep my eyes on you , my dreams may not come true , I may fall on my face . Still my hope is in you . All I need , is the strength to make it through . God strengthen these hands that always hurt you . This mind that wanders , and always get out of hand . I'll keep my eyes on you . Like a breath in the fog my memories have disappeared . 
Everybody's got a water buffalo , yours is fast but mine is slow , where did we get them ? I don't know ! But everybody wants a water buffal o-o ooooooo ! 
I'm sorry if I'm not perfect enough for you , I'm sorry I think of myself too much , I'm sorry that sometimes my toes slip over the line , I'm sorry that I'm not adult enough for you , that every once in a while my immaturity shows through . I'm sorry I think the wrong way , and I say all the wrong things , I don't know how to change . And sometimes , I don't think you know how either , you just want me to be more like you . 
Why are you wearing that stupid man suit ? 
The farther the distance , the stronger the love , it's all that I'm after , so the harder I run .. <3 
Seven wnole days and six whole nights ' til I'm by your side , I wish it were tonight .. <3 
Somedays I wish for wings , to fly over these mountains , but sooner or later I'll have to realize I only have my two feet . 
Caught within a dream , within a dream , a man within a man , caught within a thought , within a thought , and oceans so deep , he will drown in his sleep .. 
Tonight , two heavy hearts collide , we're the same you and I .. <3 
Oohhh how He loves us (: <3 
It's a musical morning . (: I'm lovin it . 
TYPING ! BREATHING ! BLOBBING ! :D Ooooohh . I can't wait till movie night with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Blount and < PROPFEMALE > Alexander (: 
On my knees , dim lighted room , thoughts free flow try to consume myself in this I'm not faithless , just paranoid of getting lost or that I might lose .. ignorance is bliss < PROPFEMALE > it , pretty neighborhoods you learn to much to hold , believe it not , and fight the tears , with pretty smiles and lies about the times .. 
You say tomato , I say tomato .. It just isn't the same when you read it .. 
Huzzah for Scottish Alberta-Canadians (: 
Hokey Pokey Anonymous : A place to turn yourself around . 
Spell Czech .. 
They would not listen ; they did not know how .. perhaps they'll listen now .. 
I'm tired of castles in the air , I've got a dream I want the world to share , and castle walls just lead me to despair .. 
There will be a day with no more suffering .. We miss you , < PROPFEMALE > . <3 
< PROPFIRST > . Is .. a creeper 
I'm okay !! .. Less okay ! 
My sisser is beatin up on her boyfriend .. < PROPFEMALE > for making fun of my musical tastes >.< 
Staying with < PROPFEMALE > Selking this weekend has really made me see how much I need to escape high shcool .. 
Our souls are all we own .. 
Four days til showtime .. Ooh . Chills (: 
Feelin pretty accomplished :D 
Mail man .. is such a redundant phrase .. 
\We're brain bowl kids . We need a - POND !!!!!! \ " - < PROPMALE > Comer " 
Exhausted from fighting with cold cream , stage makeup , and craaazy scientists .. 
And .. She had NO ARMS !!! 
Coffffeeeee overloaddddd !! (: 
There could never be a more beautiful you !! <3 
A thesis statement in a book report ? Seriously , this is ridiculous .. Ughhhh English projects , curse you !! :\\ 
Uh-oh ! I creeped too far !! - < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > 
We should all aspire to live like bananas .. 
If you say Jesus backwards it sounds like sausage .. 
He's got LOVE like WOAH . ( : 
Ooohh ! What is this phenomenon outsite my window ? Could it be .. Sunshine ?? :D 
[ Identity is found in the God we trust , any other identity will self destruct .. You can't define my worth , by nothing on God's green earth , my identity is found in Christ . ] 
Om nom nom .. (: 
Oh . Huzzah for phone calls from Nebraska ! My future awaits me .. how exciting (: 
Sometimes , I wish I could just be more like me . Whoever that is .. I'm not quite sure anymore .. 
My cranial jukebox is going to town . Thriller style . (: 
Craving freedom .. 
SUUUUUNNNNNNN !!!!! And fishing licenses (: 
You alone can make my soul take flight <3 
I'd rather be underwater for five minutes than be here for five minutes .. 
Behind the front , the fake ; Peel away the paint , see the not-so-pretty truth staring you in the face .. Bittersweet , failing to meet your expectations ; Just move on . 
I can finally see that you're right there beside me ; I am not my own , for I have been made new . Please don't let me go .. I desperately need You . 
I want to touch the sky .. 
Pretty sure there is a suicidal june bug kamakazi-dive-bombing the window next to me . Silly bug , houses are for humans .. 
Sometimes I feel as if you're only supportive of what you want me to do .. 
Fly . 
Let's pretend . 
You're never too old for space camp . 
Aren't you relieved to know you're not a golem ? 
No matter what I hear I'll be right here waiting , no matter what you say I'll be on your side , don't ever give up . Here . Tonight .. Sooner or later I'll know , we'll just be dreaming . Anywhere you go , I still feel . You . 
I don't even think there are words for this .. 
One sign of acceptance into Hogwart's School of Witchcraft and Wizardry : Do you have a scar on your forehead that looks like a lightning bolt ? Do you have red hair and a hand-me-down robe ? Do you have hair and a nose ? If so , you're in luck : wizards often have scars , robes , hair , and noses ! Although if you don't have hair or a nose , don't give up yet . You could still be Voldemort . 
Internet while camping ? One word : intense (: 
Today .. is a sundress day (: 
Dear Very Important Email , \ 
Please arrive to your destination safely without being mauled by cybergremlins , cyberwerewolves , or cyberpedophiles . And pleasepleaseplease return with a quick , yet satisfying reply . \ 
Thank you very much . \ 
-- < PROPFEMALE > . 
I'll be your electric shock . 
Your fakeness is rather amusing and slightly embarassing . 
Love is HERE . Love is NOW . 
Thank you , Facebook , for NOT telling me when people write on my wall . Grr . 
\I like tuhtles . \"" 
FOOD . Om nom nom .. 
Still can't believe it .. (: Butterflies keep attacking me .. hehe .. 
Maybe when you stop being fake , I'll start taking you seriously . 
I get this sinking feeling in my stomach everytime I see pictures of you .. It's time to move on and let go . I just wish I could move backwards in time and put our memories on repeat . Just .. Have fun out there , and don't forget us . (: 
Camping .. is intense (: along with fishing and swimming . And being on a boat ! I do have my flippy floppies .. So no worries there . Now to find some dolphins .. (: 
The only thing all this rain is good for .. is dancing in it (: 
Dear Iowa Weather , \ 
I am very concerned about your mental stability . \ 
I think you need to go see a shrink for your bipolarness . \ 
Sincerely , \ 
Me . 
Wth . Seriously , people . EVERYONE listen up . ENOUGH with the drama . I'm not even a part of it and I'm sick of hearing about it . So just go get a life and leave people alone already . Geez .. 
This time tomorrow .. I'll be in a car . Oh joy .. 
Well .. My legs are feelin the 8 mile hike up a mountain from yesterday .. But the view was < PROPFEMALE > worth it . Hurrah for Colorado and it's gorgeous mountain lakes (: 
Everyone's in Colorado .. And I mean EVERYONE . We passed Miss Sheriff and Miss Young on the way up here .. On a highway . In Colorado . Sheesh .. 
I wonder if you ever get tired of being something you're not .. Of being deep . Of stringing words together to make perfect nonsense . I sure would . 
What's on my mind , Facebook wants to know . Well , all I have to say is , this is gonna be an amazing week . Four more days , oo la la (: 
I never thought I would say this , but .. I'm glad you're out of my life . 
I am restrained from being what I want to be by the limits of what I can be . 
I < PROPFEMALE > the sun in a < PROPFEMALE > cup , the < PROPFEMALE > in a silver bag .. 
Because some people are just that amazing <3 
So lovely on my pillow , spinning webs with rainbows , sending telegrams to Mars .. 
Words fail <3 
This keyboard is a rahtard .. But this is an adventure (: and I miss the guys . Heh .. 
I'm in a < PROPFIRST > .. Missing the island and everyone already . Next year is gonna be ballin (: 
Can we go back to last night , when the stars were so bright , and we layed out beneath the Minnesota sky .. We're just hopeful dreamers , wishing everything was alright .. 
Remembering the slick feel of jersey material , puffs of breath on -20 degree , pitch-black nights , warm afternoons spent having one-sided water fights .. Yep , I'm excited for football season (: 
Went to go see Toy Story 3 with < PROPMALE > Cook , < PROPFIRST > Pyner , and < PROPFIRST > Butorac last night (: Now off to go swimming with < PROPMALE > Cook and < PROPMALE > Martley . Starting to feel like a normal summer again haha (: Dangg I love this time of year . 
Uhm , just because . (: * Jumps on the bandwagon * Here goes : Like/dislike/first impression/confession . Like this and I'll tell you . Gogogo ! :D 
Rocking out to some < PROPFEMALE > Gomez with @ < PROPFIRST > Goering and @ < PROPFIRST > Shore on the way to the game (: 
To say the least , our God is a beast , our God is an awesome God (: 
I dislike decissions .. ughhhh . I worked so hard to get to this point , and I may have to throw it all away . :\\ 
Seriously , people , adding extra letters to every . single . word . doesn't make you look cute . It makes you look like an idiot . 
Rain sucks ): 
You've got fast food and slow cars , an unhealthy obsession with pop stars , a diet that contains almost no carbs , are you really happy this way ? 
Last night was amazing for multiple reasons . (: Go Lady Falcons ! 
Who's excited for < PROPMALE > ? Ahh (: Only 6 more days . Hurrah ! 
Sometimes I make mistakes .. I don't always know what I'm doing , I just guess and try to do what's best . I'm not going to try to be perfect , someone already took care of that for me (: Don't always take what I do or say personally- sometimes I can't see how I appear to people . You can judge me all you want , but I know who I am , and your labels can't change that . 
I really like you . Do you really like me too ? <3 
My google activities for today included , searching for awesome brownie recipes , the Goonies mutant guy , and google-stalking Ireland . A successful day ? I think so (: 
My uncle sent me a piano book , classical clarinet sheet music , a vocal sight-reading practice books , a bunch of classical music on CDs ( like , 15 . No joke ) and a pair of blue athletic shorts with his high school's initials on them . I love him (: 
It'd be nice if you'd talk to me once in a while .. It really sucks that you're ignoring me , or whatever it is you're doing ): 
Do not pity the dead . Pity the living , and , above all , those who live without love . 
24 hours .. <3 I may never come back haha (: 
\Rumbleroar . He's the headmaster at Pigfarts . He's a lion .. Who can talk . \"" 
My flight is delayed 3 hours due to a mechanical problem . Can i be scared now ? 
We remember this : we have food while some have none , we have each other while some are alone . 
Through security .. Now i just have to wait about an hour . By myself . Independence is awesome (: 
First day in Houston = awesome . And it wasn't even a full day . Tomorrow i get to see alligators and go to an ice cream social . Double awesome ! (: 
Just saw a guy jamming out in his car . He looked like < PROPFIRST > Timberlake . Win . (: 
Camp today , bachelorette party tonight . I've never watched an episode in my life haha (: 
I just made a song out of play-doh (: 
Changes changes .. I feel like i'm balancing on the point of a knife . What will be there to catch me when i fall ? 
Home again .. Can I catch another plane to go back ? I miss < PROPMALE > already . Phooey . xP 
You're cuter than a guinnie pig , Wanna take you up to Winnipeg . That's in Canada ! 
Ehn . It figures .. 
I will not question the fact that my room smells like coffee . I will simply enjoy it . (: 
Football practice tomorrow ! I'm so pumped .. :D 
Installing Finale software so i can compose and stuff . (: Hurrah ! 
Cause my heart is my keep , and you are threatening me . <3 
Due to the rain , football is inside today . Meh . ): 
I just made the < PROPFEMALE > .. Out of salami . O.o 
I need proof that it wasn't all just a dream . 
Ngikuthanda nom ' ulele , ngikuthanda nom ' uvuka (: 
August < PROPFEMALE > , made just for you , a steady ready smile like his , until it's out of sight . \ 
Don't undo the true < PROPMALE > that chooses you ; Face to face with a new day . So simple it seems , you dare to dream impossibly . Risky in its rarity , I'm bound to it now . Black and blissful , tumbling ; Awake , asleep , it feeds me . Fate will rule you , the heart it fools you to lose your sanity .. 
SO exhausted .. I think my sunburns have sunburns :\\ 
MONSOON . <3 
Dance (: 
We play CD on my birthday this year . I think I know what the best present ever would be .. Just sayin (: 
The potato has a butt . 
Thinks she has food poisoning ): 
Movie time (: 
The circus is in town .. And I have to miss it . ): 
I miss < PROPMALE > ): 
Going to the circus . Hurrah ! :D 
Why are guys so thick ? Seriously . Ughh . 
Jones soda on a < PROPFEMALE > day+three lovely ladies+equally lovely music+roadtrips in late afternoon = radiance . Long live summer <3 
Fake nails are legit . (: 
It used to be right in front of you but now it's gone . You better speed up your heart ' cause it's dying . 
To my football boys-\ 
\People are raising\ 
Lookin kinda eerie outside . And the front door is creeking spookily . Uhm . yikes . 
is not a patient person . :| 
Whatcha doin in mah waters ? 
Love forever that which could be real . 
We are all our own downfall . 
Waiting in line for the momba . It has a flat tire . Or something . 
Is so tired and full of cinnabon (: this has been a very pleasing day 
This chinese midget waiter guy is hitting on me . Lmao . 
I don't know what tomorrow will bring . But I'm excited for it anyway (: 
It feels good to have no worries (: 
I should've been born with curly hair . Yup . 
The best part of making brownies is taste testing the batter . The second best part is sharing them (: 
I don't want to be your rebound . 
People keep asking me if I'm ready for school . The real question is , is school ready for me ? (: 
It feels like summer didn't even happen .. 
I don't understand how i could have fallen for your < PROPFEMALE > coated lies . I was wrong , you're just like every other guy . 
When I don't measure up to much in this life , I'm a treasure in the arms of Christ . 
Forget the former things ; do not dwell on the past . See , I am doing a new thing ! Now it springs up ; do you not perceive it ? I am making a way in the desert and streams in the wasteland . -- < PROPMALE > 43:18 -19 
Excitement !! Happiness ! :D 
Is letting go and moving on .. There's more important things in life than that . Yup (: 
I just found some bubble wrap . I think it made my day (: 
It's gonna take a lot of stars to make all my dreams come alive (: 
The future's near but never certain . 
I don't want to be a girlfriend . I just want to be a girl friend . 
I'm scared of a lot of things . Scared to trust , scared to fall , scared to hurt , scared to disappoint , scared to believe , scared of what I don't know , scared that I'm so easily swayed .. 
I'm not a patient person .. Heh . :| 
I wish i could know what's going on in your head . I never know what to expect and you're so hard to read . This is all so frustrating . 
So much stuff is going on right now . I just wish it would all clear up . 
I missed having the pre-game dinner tonight .. ): 
I'm sad that the world doesn't know what real love is . 
VICTORY AT MARTENSDALE !! 
I have a longing heart . 
It's a beautiful day for senior pictures (: 
I kind of , really , absolutely hate this . 
It's a big , big world ; you've got a big , big heart , and so much love to give . 
Happy is the heart that still feels pain , darkness drains and light will come again . Swing open up your chest and let it in , just let the love , love , love begin 
Everybody wants to love , everybody wants to be loved . (: 
Why do they never choose normal names for tropical storms and hurricanes ? I mean , < PROPFEMALE > ? Honestly .. 
I think God's idea of \good\ " is different than man's idea of \ " good . \"" 
I've never felt so fine in all my life . (: 
Every day is SONday (: 
No Heartland tonight ): 
My parents gave me a card for my birthday and it made me cry . In a happy way . I love my family (: 
Papa gave me a thunderstorm for my birthday . So , I danced <3 
Oh . Hello again , insomnia . 
A big thank you to everyone who made my birthday the best 18th birthday I've ever had . You all rock , and I love you . (: 
I have a feeling that today is going to be awesome . (: 
My hands smell like water balloons .. 
Just figured out what it's all about . (: 
I'm on Fire . All-consuming , life-giving Fire . (: 
I am blessed (: 
I kinda feel like ripping my hair out now . Cool . 
Omnia < PROPFIRST > temperat , absens in remota . Ama me fideliter , fidem mean noto . 
This party is not for ugly people . 
I think i'm justified in being a little ticked off right now . 
My daddy is strumming on his guitar . That is sporting brand new strings . Hurrah for chill acousticy music (: And pecan pie . Which is prounced pe-CAHN , not PEE-can . Why would you want PEEcan pie ? Eww . /end rant 
With 2 problems left to go , I've decided to give up on music theory for tonight . My brain is mush and I'm turning to Pride and Prejudice to keep me awake .. 
I have lots of stuffs on my mind , but no worries (: 
I think i'm going to cry . 
I've got unconditional love . Why would i want to replace that with inconsistant love ? 
Everytime I resolve to just give up and let it go , I find one more reason to hold on . 
I just saw an amish baby llama . And it made my day (: 
It would be nice if when I point out your faults and mistakes that you would acknowledge them , instead of turning it around on me and pointing out my faults . I know I have issues . You don't need to tell me every single time we talk . 
My song is love , love the the loveless shown . My song is love , love unknown . 
Any other night i would be ecstatic that we got TP'ed .. But not a night where we have two days to get the house ready for a showing . 
Seniors win (: that is all . 
Love is like a war : easy to begin but hard to stop . 
Fruity Pebbles at midnight thirty . I second that motion (: 
Does 1:11 count for making wishes ? 
I guess I'm ok with the fact that you have nothing to say to me . I don't have anything to say to you either . 
I love how you never listen to me and don't think that my ideas or thoughts are valuable . ( sarcasm hand ) 
Oh sheesh ya'll .. ' Twas a dream . 
Cool . To add music to my iPod from my computer , I have to return it to factory settings .. and lose ALL my music . And re-add it . Because I hooked it up to a different computer to charge . Blaerhgh . 
It's not really a surprise . It just hurts for it to be so final . 
Guess what I use for a bean bag chair ? .. A raisen . 
I have YMCA stuck in my head . Better yet , my phone has YMCA in its memory . I didn't even have to spell it out . Phone win (: 
I want so badly to just keep driving , to get away from it all . It won't fix anything , but the situation is beyond fixing , so what's the point ? 
When I wish for more I miss out on what I already have . 
< PROPFIRST > Tilley and < PROPFIRST > Pollock-soukup for President and vice-Pres :D ( I got yo back , < PROPFIRST > ) 
Did I make it that easy to walk right in and out of my life ? 
Don't give me hope unless there's something to hope for . 
I bet you're just fine . 
< PROPFIRST > Bieber is coming out with a line of nail polish .. Wait , what ? 
I can be anything I see . 
Even a perfect person will be flawed in someone's eyes . 
Is that a llama with a hammer ? 
Don't look back , you can never look back . 
You mustn't forget what love can see . 
I want a waffle lolipop . 
I hate feeling so vulnerble . 
I love . 
I get an iPod Touch for a week . Holla ! 
The locker room is sounding pretty victorious right now (: 
I kinda just want to give up .. And then I remind myself of all the reasons I fought so hard in the first place . 
Goodnight , sleep tight , don't let the bed bugs bite . If they do , grab a shoe and beat them till they're black and blue (: 
Am I the only one who didn't get to use Facebook at school today ? Drat .. ): 
Word , yo . 
My Bomb Pop bled on me . ): 
I just killed a fly and it stuck to the ceiling . It was disgustingly intriguing . 
It's just a vicious circle with no escape . 
Oh , baby ! 
I just don't get it . Is < PROPFEMALE > Meyer okay with pedophilia ? 
\Why is there a hair in this sugar ? \ " - < PROPFIRST > Lamb \ 
I miss < PROPMALE > so freakin much . I miss the palm trees and the sweltering heat , I miss singing about mooses at breakfast , I miss staying up unti 2 in the morning talking about jazz and life and the future and the past , I miss playing Ultimate every night in 90 degree weather . But mostly I miss the people and the time we shared together . I miss those memories when they weren't memories , but real life . 
Where the heck are all these flies coming from ?? 
Ok . Point taken . You can quit ignoring me now . 
Right now , I really hate change . Even if someday it will work out for the better . 
Got my CUNE account and email for college :D I wish next fall would just get here already . I feel very impatient . (: 
Best thing about moving : we're gonna have a hot tub :D 
Sunshower ! (: 
Power failure .. Fail . 
Goodbye iPod ): 
Vikings = fail . 
Murdering pumpkins = WIN . 
It's not that I care about the Packers . I just didn't want the Vikings to win . 
* sniff sniff * I smell pretentiousness ! 
You won't know what hit you til it's too late (: 
There's an owl outside my house . I think it's in the tree next to my bedroom window . 
I don't want to go back to where I was . I just want to keep moving on , keep moving forward . <3 
Nanowrimo has officially begun 
Guess what we're having for dinner ?? No , never mind . Don't guess . I'll just tell you . We're having PANINIS . :D 
I hate politics and politicians . 
This is a new low . I just saw 5 political commercials in a row . 
Or , you know , you could just drop it instead of arguing and having to be right all the time . ( I doubt that will ever happen ) 
): 
is really super nervous . 
Word of the day : soup . 
Word of the day : Hairbrush . 
Is exhausted . And to think i get to do this all over again tomorrow night . For the last time ): 
Word of the day : alcove 
Worst driver ever . I fear for my life .. 
Kicking butt and taking names at Just Dance 2 on the Wii (: 
I just saw a yellow solar powered car . It was < PROPFEMALE > . And awesome . And it made my day : 
Word of the day : penultimate 
Word of the day : carpentry 
New phone (: 
Chicken parm . And cake ! Lot's of cake . Want .. coffee . Needs .. sleep . I have to sneeze . Oh , nevermind . The sneeze went away . Brain is exploding .. * poof * 
Hello 5:30 a.m. I officially hate you . 
Word of the day : human 
I loathe glass . It can go die in a firey black hole for all I care . 
Guess who got their friday nights off taken away from her ): 
Word of the day : hippopotamic 
Word of the day : czechoslovakian 
I never knew how much you meant to me until the fear of loosing you pierced my heart . 
Word of the day : loofah 
Poop on you , rain . 
I wonder what life would be like if we never had to say goodbye . 
Word of the day : black 
We cannot be more than what we are . Only God can free us from ourselves . 
Word of the day : satchel . 
Word of the day : napkin 
\She is tweaking out . She threw a panini maker . \"" 
Word of the day : plethora 
Word of the day : figment 
Is being subjected to torture . SAD FACE . 
Just bought eggnog and < PROPFIRST > Bros . fruit snacks at Hy-Vee . Word . 
Word of the day : expelliarmus 
Glow in the dark stars+Vanessa Carlton+warm bed = sleepy < PROPFEMALE > (: 
Word of the day : dilapidated 
That bilboard has GIANT DOUGHNUTS . 
Moving day .. 
Word of the day : speeching ( courtesy of < PROPFEMALE > Roach ) 
Moving is the worst thing ever invented by mankind . 
Should I ? Hmm . Maybe .. Ok , I will : Like this and I will tell you what's up . And .. What I know about you ..? Is that how it goes ? Whatever . I think you know the drill by now . 
Word of the day : doughnuts 
Word of the day : fictitious 
Word of the day : vibrant 
< PROPFEMALE > Trek WIN (: 
Word of the day : omnomnom 
Hey you ! Yes , you . And you . All of you . God loves you . For who you are . He made you that way . So don't be ashamed of who you are . No matter what you do , no matter what anyone tells you . You are loved . Completely , utterly , unconditionally LOVED . Nothing you or anyone else can do will EVER change that . 
In my head theres a Greyhound station , where i send my thoughts to far-off destinations . 
My grandma cant pronounce sushi . Shes cute (: i love her . 
Word of the day : adventure 
Weekend recap : ate lamb for Thanksgiving dinner , moved all day Thursday . Friday- Went to Bonaparte to spend the night there with my grandparents , aunt , and mom's cousin . Took Tylonol Cold medicine .. Which was nigh t-t ime make-you-go-to-sleep-for-8-hours-medicine , so I slept most of the family time away . And tonight I get to stay home from work because I have a cold . \ 
It was .. an .. interesting weekend , I suppose . (: 
Time won't ever steal my soul .. <3 
Word of the day : pretentious 
Movie night : How to Train Your Dragon . hurrah !! (: 
I am in misery , ain't nobody who can comfort me , oh yeah .. Why won't you answer me ? Your silence is slowly killin ' me . \ 
(: 
Word of the day : hollow 
I just got a \sacred\ " picture in a text message chain that apparently started in 1952 by Mother < PROPFEMALE > and has never been broken . Uhm . Really . Thats doubtful . " 
Jo-Bro look alike at the game O.o 
Word of the day : banister 
Word of the day : < PROPFEMALE > 
Guess who gets fridays off now ? Heheh (: 
Word of the day : pillow 
My room makes me feel fat . Every time i walk accross the middle of it the floor shakes ): 
I wrote < PROPFIRST > Tilley a super-long birthday ballad for her birthday and I think Facebook ate it . I hate you , Facebook . You're such a jerk . ): 
Life is the bubbles (: 
I happily fail at knitting (: 
Hey , its < PROPMALE > ! And he has a beard ! 
Word of the day : flabbergasted 
Feeling pretty pathetic .. How could I miss out on Cartoon Profile Picture week ? Meh . ): 
Word of the day : regurgitated 
Word of the day : ersatz 
< PROPFEMALE > is going to be obese . I doubt real babies eat this much . And i bet they don't have broken , nearly inaudible speakers . 
The only realistic thing about Baby Think It Over is the funky smell . 
I'm thinking about giving up social technology for a while .. i.e. Facebook , cell phone , and junk like that . Hmm . 
My mom is making fun of little me . Looking through humiliating baby pictures just became kinda awesome . 
Well . Goodbye , Facebook . It's been a love-hate sort of relationship . But I'll see you again in the future ( probably ) . I don't know when . You're just too adicting .. And I need a break . * throws in a cliched break up line like , it's not you it's me * 
Ha . Just kidding . 
Whats with all this number junk on peoples statuses ? Eh ? 
Word of the day : tolerance 
Word of the day : belligerent 
Word of the day : frolic 
Word of the day : nuzzle 
Sometimes i question my own sanity . 
God works in amazing , wondrous , mind-boggling ways (: 
Word of the day : swimmingly ( even better- say it with a british accent ) 
And we can't forget the beginning , when He set our broken wings . 
Drowning in love . Im dizzy with this abundance of grace . Drunk on the Spirit (: 
Waiting .. Excited .. Waiting .. Haha impatience strikes again (: 
Free < PROPFEMALE > ! But sadly , there were no doughnuts , free or otherwise . Only in Paiges and my immaginations (: 
My < PROPMALE > leaves me breathless in wonder (: 
Word of the day : pretzel 
Why is there such division in the church ? It makes me so sad to see Christians angry and hateful with each other . We're supposed to love one another , and uplift one another , growing in faith and serving the Lord together . We all share the same beliefs , yet there is no unity . 
Sweaters ! Cheeseballs ! Yarn ! Yawning ! Heh . 
My sister is a panda . She tried to eat my bamboo yarn .. 
It's better to be hated than loved for something you're not . 
Im getting a new truck !! And its free !! :D best christmas gift ever . Thank you , Grandpapa (: 
If you were a snowflake , impossibly I'd be the same shape as you <3 
Was does not make one great . -Yoda 
That's so cute it's stupid . 
You sit on a throne of lies .. 
Nice kneecaps , bro . 
World , I love you . Life , I live you . Love , I give you . Freedom , I embrace you . Jesus , I run to You . And sit on your lap . Eheheh (: 
Just saw a bald eagle . (: 
< PROPFIRST > and i just got matching fortunes from our fortune cookies O.o 
This city has a beating heart , it pushes people down the boulevard . And they're all hoping for a wish to be fulfilled ... And those foolish dreams , you know they plague me still . 
If < PROPMALE > Potter existed in < PROPFEMALE > Wars world , hi invisibility cloak would be called a cloaking device . 
Kid-sized subs could either be really big or really small . 
Whose umbrella is more magicaler ? < PROPFIRST > Popins's or Hagrid's ? 
I'll love you all your days , til the breath leaves your fragile frame . 
There's a tangled thread inside my head with nothing on either end . 
DOUGHNUTS . 
The sunshine might be missing but don't believe it's not there . 
Word of the day : Pagoda . 
Your soul lights my day . 
Hello , New Year's < PROPFEMALE > . Didn't see ya there .. Kinda snuck up on me . 
We're all laughing with God <3 
When you have true joy , love , and beauty in yourself , you see it emerge in everything around you . That's when everything becomes bright . 
I think I'm gonna try to be more loving and optimistic this year . Definitely can't do it alone though . (: 
Im changing it to positive as opposed to optimistic . Optimism sometimes annoys me . Positivism is different . In my head . 
A question < PROPFIRST > is half a heart . 
Passionately playing piano (: 
Im so frustrated right now . Nothing is turning out right and i just want to sit and cry . 
\There was one in < PROPFEMALE>'s buttcrack so I grabbed it . \ " - < PROPFEMALE > . Lmao Spoons ! " 
He knew each tear before it came . 
Upside of having a migraine : staying home from school and sleeping for 16 hours . Downside of having a migraine : uh , it's a migraine . 
No more migraine ! Woooohoo ! Thank you , Jesus (: 
It's 1:11 on 1-11-11 . That's a lot of ones .. Hahahahaha .. ( I should really be asleep .. ) 
Oh hey , flu . Nice of you to sneak up on me . :\\ 
Sometimes my dreams are better than real life . But I have to wake up . I can't live in dreamland forever . 
What the heck , Inception . You make no sense . 
I really don't understand why you feel the need to turn almost every conversation into an argument . 
\There are so many wonderful things in the world to be afraid of if you just learn how scary they are . \"" 
I don't think there's words for how much I will miss you . <3 
Jesus backwards is sausage . Allah backwards is HOLLA !! 
Living starts with brushing your teeth . 
Break me out <3 
So today in church < PROPFIRST > and I quoted Dobby to each other . < PROPMALE > Potter FTW . (: 
My insides are larger than my outsides (: 
No school .. The only thing I don't like about this is that it puts off exams another day . Plus , I just want to get second semester over with already . 
You're super mega foxy awesome hot (: 
How much you matter is defined by the things that matter to you . 
This status is about narwhals . 
This status is about curling irons . 
Where did I go wrong ? I lost a friend somewhere along in the bitterness . 
We are God's bouquet . 
God's presense was definitely felt at Winterjam last night . I'm pretty drunk on His love right now (: Also , potato soup at 3 in the morning is a good idea . So are pancakes . And new hairs cuts . <3 
This status is about doorknobs . 
Is it better to hurt for a little while now , or for a long time in the future ? 
Totally alive and on fire (: 
His arms are meant for you . (: 
Four weeks til my audition .. Yikes . :\\ 
My thoughts are scattered and unfocused . 
Forgot we had TAG today .. POOP . 
Papa , I need you now . <3 
Doughnuts or pie ? 
Today began with doughnuts . It's going to be a good day . (: 
Awesome .. So we may not even be done til like , 5 or 6 . ): 
I know the Kingdom awaits , and You've forgiven my mistakes . 
Basking in unconditional love <3 
Whether or not you believe in fairytales , every girl is a < PROPFEMALE > to somebody . 
I used the word \disgruntled\ " in my English essay . Win . (: " 
The mazda lady is crazy . 
Really hates being sick . 
It kinda ticks me off when other people don't do their job and I get blamed for their laziness . 
Dad is not allowed to come on any more prom dress shopping escapades . \You should try on the dress in the window . \ " \ " Dad .. That's a wedding dress . \"" 
Pretty sure i found a dres s.a. Just gotta check about some alterations (: 
There is a movie about garden gnomes coming out in February . GARDEN GNOMES . If the world ends before February 11 , i will cry . 
My arms outstretched , I dare to take flight . <3 
HAHAHAHAHA . MySpace wants to know where I've been . MySpace , you suck . 
Boo . Lady at Walmart , I hope you're wrong and we DON'T get 12-15 inches of snow . xP 
\Doesn't he know bones are crunchy ? Who wants crunchy pudding ? \"" 
SCREW THIS . They're making a flippin movie about < PROPFIRST > Bieber . Society has sunk to a new low . 
19 days til the audition .. Eep . * worried face * 
I'm tempted to go grammar nazi on all the statuses and posts on my feed . But .. then everyone would hate me haha . 
What to do on a snow day .. Cook an awesome dinner for the parents ? I think so (: 
I wish i were old enough to buy wine :/ poo 
LOTR with the parents . Woohoo ! (: I'm such a nerd . heh . 
The world is an ice cream cake . 
WOOO ! Baby Wynne was born today at 2:00 p.m. 6 pounds , 13 ounces . And I get to see her next week (: Happiness ! 
\Im already small and on top of that i dont think i could handle being bald . \"" 
Close your eyes and I'll close mine . 
Your love .. Is like a hot panini . 
I smile with my liver . 
Dancing with Jesus , experiencing His love and awesomeness . Filled with the Spirit <3 
WOOOOOOOOOOOOO JESUS ! 
My chains fell off , my heart is FREE ! Thank you , Jesus ! Your love is so liberating ! <3 
Wants a Vader < PROPFIRST > .. 
Sometimes , things happen . And then I go eat a doughnut . 
Word of the day : abject 
Mmmh , St. < PROPFIRST > today . Excited (: 
Don't make frowns , you silly clown . 
Is in love with baby Wynne <3 
Tomorrow is one of my favoritest holidays . Hurrah for Love Day ! 
I don't care if I end up dancing alone . I'm gonna dance . 
Let the music play , it's time to start the dancing <3 
I'm gonna steer clear , burn up in your atmosphere . 
Gah ! I love early springyness (: 
Why does the coldness have to come back so quickly ? Poo ): 
I smell like smoke . 
Gimme some , peace , love , happiness <3 
What the heck , foot . Quit hurting . 
Aliens are invading Cville . 
6:30 is way too early . xP 
On our way to Nebraska .. I think I'm too tired to be nervous .. Haha . 
The polka is not a battlefield . 
T minus 30 minutes .. My butterflies are starting to go into overdrive . Eep . 
Sigh . 4 more hours of driving . Woo . :\\ 
Open your window and look upon all the kinds of alive you can be . 
I need more of You . <3 
The price of temporary happiness is heartbreak . 
My mom just wrapped me in warm sheets just out of the dryer , and then sort of patted my ears with them . I love her (: 
Just found a toad in the basement . 
Labels are for jars , not people . 
I love sprinkles . 
I only get the ice cream for the caramel sauce and sprinkles . 
\You poop what you eat\ " is more accurate than \ " You are what you eat . \"" 
Snow is SO DUMB . 
I don't worry ' cause everything's gonna be alright (: 
People who make tent/camping jokes are just awesome . Actually , people who make lame jokes in general are awesome . 
You are a noodle . 
Cleverbot just told me Watson should go eat a Hot Pocket .. We also discussed dinosaurs and their capacity to love . And TJ . 
Me : Maybe he was a Hare < PROPFEMALE > monk . Jesse : Or a drug dealer . One of the two . 
Me : But I don't know what my nickname would be if I went up to Minnesota . Mom : Roadkill . 
We all have our own stories to tell . 
Sometimes , I really want to punch music in the face . Like , when it keeps me up til 1 in the morning . Sigh . 
Why are these scissors magnetic ? 
Watching Pocahontas for the second time in as many days . Yup . (: 
So the wind just randomly gave Pocahontas magical bilingual powers ? Really , wind ? Wow . 
How did < PROPFIRST > Smith get up the tree so fast when he's so awkward at climbing ? 
The oblivious moose may be my new favorite character . 
I take that back . Grandmother < PROPFEMALE > is the best . 
Why does the Governer wear bows in his hair ? I just now noticed . 
Take the glitz back , I want the soul instead . 
Is a girl with no worries (: 
Girls night out ? I think so (: 
Operation Pirate < PROPFEMALE > Barbie : commencing . 
Movie theater drama . Ha . 
\I bought a car .. Turned out to be an alien robot . Who knew . \"" 
Why , oh why did Kiss 107.5 make a dance remix of Hey Soul Sister ? * sigh * 
What are you , a girl or somethin' ? 
\I thought killing people would make them like me .. But it only made them dead .. \"" 
It's time that we see past ourselves . 
Work is slow .. Let's play Would You Rather . (: 
And I ate nothing but protein shakes , falcon eggs , and ROCKS . 
Everybody is a genious . But if you judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree , it will live its whole life believing that it is stupid . - < PROPFIRST > Einstein 
Is officially pumped for prom (: heh 
I want to start listening beyond the static . 
\What did he use for rope ? \ " \ " Human hair . From my back . \"" 
Is extremely relieved to have gotten this whole scholarship thing over and done with , finally . :P 
Jury duty ?! What is this crap . 
\I carried a watermelon . \"" 
I've never been a fighter , no . So I'm not gonna try to fight this feeling any more . 
Why is our school's website suddenly really awful ? 
Happy Pi Day , y'all (: 
The band room smells like bacon . I think it's the universe's way of apologizing for early morning clarinet choir . 
T-minus five minutes .. (: 
< PROPMALE > TAG kids had a first tonight : international ICN call with students in Indonesia . It was one of the most amazing hours ever . 
Movie night or dance ? Hmm .. Decisions , decisions . 
Stab him , < PROPFIRST > ! You can do it ! 
More auditions .. Yay ? Haha (: 
Confirmed student handbook just came in the mail . (: 
Scar has really hairy elbows . 
Me : \I didn't know tigers could fight in slow motion . \ " Dad : \ " They can't . But lions can . \"" 
Dude . Ya can't headbang in a stocking cap . Especially if it has a pompom on top . 
I hate boxes and labels and expectaions and unspoken judgements . Stop judging and start accepting and loving people for who they are , not how you think they should be . 
\That's a really crappy looking turd pile . \"" 
I love music theory , until it starts eating me alive xP 
< PROPMALE > Potter is about confronting fears , finding inner strength , and doing what's right in the face of adversity . Twilight is about how important it is to have a boyfriend . 
Whoa . Google Chrome is way faster . Woohoo (: 
Wtfudge . Really ? Snow ? Ughhhhh I HATE Iowa weather . 
Also , it's possible that i just hit a squirrell . Good start for today ( sarcasm hand ) 
Holy poo I want a petite lap giraffe . 
Mom- \Dad is sleeping . Don't wake him up . It's like waking a lion . Or the Anti-Christ . \"" 
My parents are plotting ways to remove serial < PROPFIRST > from stolen tractors . 
You know your subway sandwich is small when they put it in a cookie bag . 
Dear Mr. -Argyle-Sweater-Vest-and-Pink-Tie-Guy , please change your wardrobe . 
Mom- \Rosemary 
Just endured 20 minutes of straight math questions . :P 
Yay ! Camp forms are here .. Only 54 days left :D 
Is getting nervous about singing tonight .. Eep . 
Waiting .. Waiting .. More waiting .. 
Feels pretty much awesome .. 
Learning how to play my daddy's guitar :D 
It's your life , so it's your choice- how will you use your voice to speak up on what's right ? 
The smell of spaghetti is making me hungry .. Mmm (: 
My dad just called me \mucho gordo\ " :/ ha . " 
Fyi , welcome is not spelled w-e-l-k-o-m . Sigh .. 
I'm not worried , because I know that where ever I am is exactly where I'm supposed to be . (: 
Roadtripping and jamming out to Electric Avenue . Sure . (: 
Wishing May 25 would get here now :P 
Found a pair of nunchucks and two throwing stars at the new house . My day is made . I am now officially a ninja . 
The only limitations we have are ones we create for ourselves . 
I enjoyed the fabulous weather today by sitting outside and practicing my gutiar (: 
IMO , teacher shouldn't encourage gossip . It sets up bad manners for life , plus you never know who's listening . 
Respect is a two way street . 
My snapple has tea leaves in it :/ 
So , someone spilled water on my phone tonight . Thankfully it's fine . 
I'm debating stealing this grand piano .. But it's at a church . So .. No . Ha . (: 
My sister is home ! :D 
Hair is done .. I'm so pumped now haha (: 
Soi wake up this morning and decide to go home , and i walk out of < PROPFEMALE>'s house and my car is gone . Cool . 
< PROPFIRST > pins scalped me ): On the upside , my hair survived four hours of dancing , five hours of afterprom , and five hours of sleeping on the worlds bestest pillow :D heheh . 
Danggit .. My bag got confettied AGAIN . Sigh .. >.< 
I work for the lemons . 
Really hates the taste of envelopes . Plus i'm pretty sure i just papercutted my tongue :P 
This bus is like a freezer on wheels . 
Wants a pet velociraptor . 
This tetnus shot is the < PROPFEMALE > on the top of my misery sundae :P 
My dentist sounds like the godfather . 
Is thinking about going to the movie tonight .. Anyone wanna go with ? 
\Hugs are like presents that always fit . \"" 
So , I just found out that the person who does the voice for Optimus Prime also voices Eeyore . Mind blown . 
As of yesterday , we now own a house in Chariton . 
The kitchen already smells like bacon . (: 
If you want to know so badly , don't keep insisting on something when it's wrong . And don't argue with me when I know what I'm talking about . 
My hand is a dolphin ! 
Good morning , world (: i am deciding right now that today is going to be a good day :D 
Is kinda missin Whataburger and Shipley's , but mostly the people who shared them with me .. Why does < PROPMALE > have to be so far away ?? I suppose I'll just have to console myself with some peanut butter cookie dough and brownie batter .. sigh .. 
I refuse to let myself be used any longer . (: 
You can't fill a cup that's already full . Maybe if you would quit insisting you're right you would grasp the concept . 
Going on a camping trip this weekend .. It's gonna be intense (: 
Is in the home of sliced bread . 
Wow . I'm going to be less than an hour away from the town where I was born . (: 
Some random dude with a moustache started talking to Mrs. < PROPFIRST > about Woodstock because she's wearing a tie-dye shirt . 
This weekend has made me even more impatient for camp . A summer of campfires , bug spray , blue skies and Jesus ? Bring it on (: ( Only 24 more days , woo-hoo ! ) 
Wow . I take four music classes each day . I've been in band for nine years . I've played piano for over five years . I've been in choir for three years ( technically more , but I don't count elementary ) . And you want to argue with me and tell me that I don't know what I'm talking about when it comes to octaves ? Please . If you want to learn something , admit you're wrong and open your mind a bit . Honestly . 
It's just starting to hit me that we won't be here forever . We won't be kids for much longer . 
Is a ninja-jedi . Happy < PROPFEMALE > Wars Day ! 
Is thinking about getting a perm .. Yes or no ? 
Evedrything will be okay in the end . If it's not okay , it's not the end . 
I find strength in your presence , hope in your steadfast love , and freedom from sadness in the promises You have given me . <3 
One and one . Go < PROPMALE > Band and Choir (: heheh 
This bus is like an oven on wheels . 
My new house has a lamp post . I'm pretty sure it's in Narnia (: 
AP test today .. Eep :\\ 
AP tests are like ITEDS on steroids . 
Jesus ' love is bigger and stronger than any sadness that I could ever feel <3 
15 days (: 
God's got some big plans for me . I can't wait to see what they are (: 
Is currently getting a/c installed in her room . hallelujiah . 
So , I've recieved a drawing of a narwhal , a drawing of < PROPFIRST > Cullen that depicts him as a fairie , and have two drawings on the way ( another narwhal and also a unicorn ) all because of Mysteryseeker .. And surprisingly , I have almost all of my music appreciation project finished . Successful night ? I believe so (: 
Just because you had a bad day doesn't give you the right to use me as an emotional punching bag and make my day crap too . 
Innnocence equals maturity . 
One project down , 5 million to go . * grimace * 
If you're hatin ' then you sure ain't livin ' 
This time tomorrow , i will be done with high school . Forever . 
Someday , when I find my confidence pants , I will tell you exactly what I think about the way you treated me . Until then , I'll just post cryptic facebook statuses that do no good whatsoever (: 
Nitrous oxide does wonders . 
Has come to the conclusion that the Universe hates me today . Sigh .. :/ 
Teaching the grandparents how to use cellular devices .. They're so cute (: 
Got my schedule for next fall . All but two of my classes are in the afternoon , and both of the morning ones start after 10 . Heheh . (: 
I love my family (: 
People ask me how it feels to be graduated .. It feels sweaty . Waaay too hot in that gym with long , black robes on . I'm relieved it's finally all over haha . 
Sometimes the past comes back and hits me like a train . :/ 
I will never see the sky the same way , I will learn to say goodbye to yesterday . I will never cease to fly if held down and I will always reach too high (: 
Last day in Corydon . What shall I do ? How abouts pack some more xP 
Every day may not be good , but there's something good in everyday . 
Goodbye , Facebook . I'll see you in a month or so . If ya'll want to reach me , feel free to text me . (: 
Is it really only the fourth day at camp ? O.o 
I just did laundry for the first time . Feeling empowered haha (: 
Best . Mudfight . Ever . (: 
Rode bareback for the first time today (: woo hoo ! 
Sugar/salt packet game at Ihop .. Ad idea . 
Campers in 3 days :D 
I get to see my sister this weekend :D 
Campers arrive in less than an hour .. Makes me realize just how fast these last two weeks flew by . 
I completed one of my goals for this summer : I found a four leaf clover today :D 
It hit me again tonight during the benediction song- how amazing & awesome & liberating Jesus ' gift of salvation is . He gives me so many blessings & so much joy 
I smashed my pinky in a door while attempting to mop my feet . I think my prediction of me getting hurt at least once a week this summer is going to come true . 
Sometimes , there's no way to fight the awkward . You just have to embrace it and move on . 
Locked out of < PROPFEMALE > .. Debating on spending the night in the staff lounge . 
Nevermind .. < PROPFEMALE > is locked too . 
One of the washers in < PROPFEMALE > is definitely broken .. There's an inch of standing water on the laundry room floor . 
I'm feeling pretty accomplished .. Last night I grilled over 60 hamburgers and I only dropped one . Woo hoo (: 
No nap for < PROPFEMALE > .. Sigh . I suppose it's my own fault for getting caught up with playing guitar heheh (: 
Boofer !! :D 
shouldn't leave her Facebook open on < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Battles ' computer . Something really embarrassing could be here instead . 
I've never heard so many short jokes in such a small amount of time . Bahaha (: 
Best friend < PROPFEMALE > A . Roach , new computer , and < PROPMALE > Potter 7 all in one day ?? My brain is going to explode from pure awesomehappiness :D 
May be able to come home for a few days the last week of June . (: 
Some leprechaun hobbit creature ate my four-leaf clover that I found today . Now I am angrysad . ): 
Even though today didn't go so well , there's always tomorrow to look forward to . 
I just discovered that we have ShamWows in the kitchen . :D 
You can tell it's an aspen by the way that it is . 
I'm coming home , I'm coming home . Tell the world I'm coming home . ;D 
Found a five-leafed clover . No big deal . (: 
Got my schedule more or less figured out . Hurrah (: 
I really love food . 
I like good surprises (: things turning out well due to my silly confusion haha (: 
On my way home , hurrah . Unexpectedly awesome haha (: 
Home (: 
Does anyone know when the next home < PROPMALE > baseball game is ? 
Is becoming a pro at getting rid of stuff . 
Just found a pair of jeans that I haven't fit into for a year . And now they fit . Hurrah for getting in shape , camp style (: 
I thank the Lord for my mistakes , for without them I wouldn't know how much I need Him . 
Thunderstorms , giggling fits , and late-night skype conversations with good friends about nothing in particular . Wonderful (: 
Now owns a pack of < PROPMALE > Potter UNO cards . :D 
Bought Cloudy with a < PROPMALE > of Meatballs .. Then I opened it and there was no disk . Curses upon you , shoplifters . 
Isn't it nice to know that the lining is silver , isn't it nice to know that we're < PROPFEMALE > ? 
Two computers at once .. This is confusing . I just tried to use my wireless mouse for the desktop haha . :P 
< PROPFEMALE > .. I want to learn how to play some awesome songs on the guitar .. Acoustic guitar , that is . Any suggestions ? 
is one happy girl (: 
Wait , 50 days until college ? Awesome (: 
Goodbye southern Iowa .. (: 
Listening to my grandpa tell stories about Vietnam and Cairo . (: 
Oh , camp . It's good to be back (: 
Okay . I give in . Like this post and I will confess something to the Facebook world . Which is basically the world . :P 
One . I still believe in fairies and the monsters under my bed . 
Two . Sometimes I play dumb because I don't want to come off as a know-it-all . 
Three . < PROPFIRST > Beiber isn't all that bad after all .. But he still sounds like a girl . 
Four . I don't really hate the Twilight saga as much as I say .. Well , the movies . But I still enjoy reading the books every once in a while . 
Five . Snail mail is better than a text or an email or a facebook wall post any day . (: 
Six . I have ten toes . 
Seven . Sometimes I'm really bad at showing people in my life how much I care about them . But just so y'all know .. I appreciate your friendship very much . And you mean a lot to me . (: 
Maybe someday you will understand that I want nothing from you but to sweetly hold your hand <3 
(: \ 
That pretty much sums it all up . 
Life is lovely (: thank you , Jesus ! 
I'm so thankful for everything in my life right now .. I am amazed that God chose for me to work at this camp . He is so awesome and it just makes me so happy (: 
I think < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > has turned me into a pyro .. Eep . (: 
Iron man = Fe-male 
Got my AP music theory test results back .. \ 
Overall : 4\ 
Aural skills : 3\ 
Written portion : 5\ 
WOooooohoooooOO ! I feel so accomplished . :D 
Last night at WOW , two campers in my group were having a conversation .. \ 
Camper one : ( talking about < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , the narrator , who was dressed in a biblical costume . More or less . ) \Why is she wearing that weird outfit ? \ " \ 
Only Jesus can define my worth . He says I am worth it , and that is enough for me <3 
I couldn't imagine a more beautiful life <3 
I fail at being left-handed . Ha . :P 
Snail mail makes my day . (: 
I just want to keep moving forward . The past is in the past for a reason , and I don't want to go back . 
Campers are all gone .. But first cabin group ever was amazing ! The girls were great . Now time for more x-rays .. Busy weeks at camp . Oh my (: God amazes me with His endless blessings . Especially the blessings in disguise . 
The little Korean girls in day camp call me Raspberry . I think they think it's my actual name . (: 
Lightning shows , mafia , and lots and lots of tired kiddos (: The end of another week at camp . 
Spent the weekend with the roommate (: It was pretty neat . 
Forgot to add detergent to the wash .. -.- bleh . 
There is no fear in love , for perfect love casts out fear . <3 
Day Camp recap : created a game about Zombies and got all the kids in on it . Also , I convinced all of them that my actual name is Raspberry and my nickname is < PROPFEMALE > .. Heheheh . (: 
God has filled this day with awesomeness , but I sure can't wait for tomorrow (: 
I have loved the stars too fondly to be fearful of the night . - Galileo Galilei 
22 days til college , what what ? (: 
I own a car !! :D 
Last week of camp .. Wow . Summer has just flown by . And there's still so much left to do before school . Heh . 
Editing a book is a good way to start the morning . (: Now all I need is some tea . And a nap . Hmm . 
My summer smells like bug spray and campfire smoke . (: 
Editing tools on Word save me many hours of creating colorful text boxes . Thank you < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > for being so tech savvy (: 
Learned how to play Magic , the Gathering tonight . I'm such a nerd (: 
One of the best things about life is the people God puts there (: 
where is me pineapple ? 
Home . :D 
I just got shocked by a light switch .. Not a pleasant experience :/ 
Reforming calluses on my fingers .. And I get my guitar on Saturday ! Woo hoo ! 
It's been a Lutheran Satire kind of afternoon .. (: 
This year , my birthday is 09-10-11 . :D 
Sometimes , my mom likes to do strange things like go up to random target workers and tell them facts about trees .. 
It's been a while since I could get up late on a weekday and pig out on cereal (: 
Excited for a coffee/library date with Miss < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > (: 
At the state fair and I saw a kid with a red Camp Io-Dis-E-Ca shirt . Small world O.o 
Watching Dune with the parents . (: 
At adventureland , saw another camper . Small world . 
Also , i'm at the circus for the first time ever . Excited ! 
175 < PROPMALE > , 2 missed exits , three breakdowns , and many tears later .. I'm finally home . Jesus sure was looking out for me today . (: 
Just got shocked again . :P 
I actually used an in-text citation tonight in a comment on a post .. Huh . I guess having a semester's worth of practice really paid off . (: 
On my way to Corydon (: 
Getting a new phone . Ooh-rah . 
Leaving for college today , woohoo ! :D 
My packing process is me shoving random items into boxes and plastic drawers without sorting them . Yay for no strategy ! :D 
Packing up the car feels like tetris O.o 
Goodbye Iowa , hello Nebraska (: 
College hasn't really sunk in yet .. It feels like camp all over again . :P 
Chair placements make me nervous :P 
So tired .. Nap time ! 
It just hit me that I'm a long way from anywhere and anyone familiar .. :/ 
I might be crazy , but I'm really excited for classes to start . Prolly won't feel the same in a few weeks I'm guessing .. ha . (: 
First day of classes and i went to the wrong chemistry class . -.- 
My list of < PROPMALE > supplies just grew like crazy .. Somewhere down the road I have to get 22x31 masa paper . O.o 
Clarinet in symphonic band and possibly trombone in pep band .. Hmm .. (: 
thanks dearest (: 
HACKED ): 
Why are there so many crickets on campus ? -.- 
I have the easiest schedule ever . Yay for no more chemistry ! (: 
Pandora Classical Radio .. Yumm (: perfect homework music 
Last night I dreamed that Jesus came back ! And < PROPFIRST > is switching from keys to card access ! Hurrah (: 
EXCITED ! EXCITED ! 
:) 
Freedom <3 
< PROPFEMALE > , if you see this , i need my keys back .. Thanks haha . (: 
I miss lazy Sundays where I don't have to do anything and can take a six hour nap if I'd like .. :P 
Drawing shoes has made me question my hand-eye coordination .. 
It feels weird to watch football from the stands .. :/ 
Found out tonight that < PROPMALE > Pfeil had Calc 3 with a kid I met at BSI 5 years ago .. Woah . 
I am wary of any salad dressing that includes the word \lynch\ " in its name . " 
Thinking about the life to come makes me happily dizzy in my heart (: 
\God takes care of the lillies and the sparrows . God will take care of you . \ " - Mother < PROPFEMALE > " 
I count everything as a loss because of the surpassing worth of knowing Christ Jesus my Lord . - Philippians 3:8 
\Starve Mammon with your love . \"" 
I wanna sing an anthem of love forever <3 
Jesus ' love is the only thing that will rid the world of division . 
Heheheh . I love surprises . (: 
is feeling rather productive . My room is clean ( gasp ! ) , laundry is done , hairs are cut .. (: 
< PROPFEMALE > tripping is the best (: 
Gah ! I cannot wait to spend next weekend with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > (: It's gonna be the best birthday ever ! 
Its soooo nice out .. Im tempted to take a nap oustide .. 
Yup . Just took a nap on the grass (: 
I miss that night under the stars , it seems like so long ago .. 
Not a fan . 
Church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster seems a bit sketch to me .. But I will give them props for the line \Touched by his noodley appendage . \"" 
Spontaneous trip to < PROPMALE > ? Check . Running around the state capitol ? Check . Midnight McDonalds run ? Check . Not dying ? Also check . (: 
12 hours <3 
I absolutely love the girls of SW Pit . Thanks for the card ( GLITTER ! ) and kind words . And chocolate . <3 
10 minutes left of class .. Eep ! (: 
Game day ! So excited for football . :D 
Yeahh State (: 
Bestweekend ever <3 
hacked and not even from the same state or using an RDP client . :) 
I really dislike fire drills at 3 am . Or really aything that wakes me up at 3 am . 
Big decisions need lots of prayers and contemplation .. 
this is what happens when you tell your significant others computer to save your login info in Firefox ..... i will now get rid of that so no one destroys your FB but next time read before you click darling . :) 
Ever get the feeling like there needs to be a pause button for Life ? Like it's going by too fast , and all I want to do is take it all in before this moment slips away to become the next .. 
There have been bricklayers at concordia for the last 3 days . I wonder if any of them are named < PROPFIRST > when i walk by .. 
Facebook likes to delete things .. Sigh . Reposting .. inbox me a message and I'll answer it in my status . 
Q : how much do ya loove me ? ;D \ 
A : More than doughnuts . Which is a lot . (: You are amazing and sweet and extremely precious . <3 
The hobbit you just called fat ? He's skipping 2nd breakfast . The dwarf woman you called ugly ? She spends hours braiding her beard so you can differentiate her from a dwarf man . The Uruk-Hai you just killed ? He's been abused by Saruman . See that Gollum creature with the gagly limbs&large eyes ? For 500 years the Ring poisoned his mind . That Elf you just made fun of for crying ? She just lost her wizard friend to a Balrog . Repost this if you're against bullying in Middle Earth . 
Cold , cloudy day + drizzle +warm blanket+ fuzzy pillow+ good music(think , < PROPFIRST > mayer and mumford and sons) = good day for homework (: 
I love three hour naps <3 
Hello , sunshine (: it's the perfect day to sit outside and read 
While reading < PROPMALE > , i came across the phrase \wrapped him snugly in strips of cloth\ " and thought it said \ " ... in snugly strips of cloth ... \ " (: " 
Okay , seriously , i just saw Mrs. Gorecki walking to Weller O.o 
Who schedules an ultimate frisbee game at 11 P.M. ? Not just one , but two ?? Ridiculous .. Sigh . 
Snail mail times 3 ! (: 
24.5 hours .. not that I'm counting or anything (: 
Four and a half hours ! (: 
Just kidding . One and a half more hours .. :/ Guys just don't like to ask for directions haha (: 
All I hear is the music , and beauty stands before me . Love comes back around again ; it's a carousel my friend <3 
