new years was wild ! 

did i say wild ? i meant AMAZING !!!! 
im moving to texas tommorow 
i dont like the drugs but the drugs like me 
i dont think class is a good enough reason for me to be awake 
fuck my life 
my car is probably dead ... this blows 
havent smoked in a week . yay me ! 
is it bad i just quit smoking and im concidering starting back up ? 
fuck lompoc 
I feel like a monster 
in this world there's a great pig pit and its filled with people who are filled with shit , and the virmin of the world inhabit it , and it goes by the name of lompoc ! 
I knew you could pick up chicks in a tank ! 
single again 
id rather feel pain 
Sing me a new song A broken song of redemption and regret Sing me a new song And beg for all the mercy you can get 
you wish you where cool enough to get paid to play on the computer XP 
so this is what sober feels like XP 
last year went to an epic party . this year didnt . maybe that will make the difference this year . 
god made weed and man made alchohol .... who do you trust more ? 
headin out to the mission . wish me luck . 
tired of the struggle . is this battle worth the reward ? 
looks like im stayin down here for a while . 
Hooray for family disfunction ! 
You all can just kiss off into the air 
My hands are tied the billions shift from side to side and the wars go on with brainwashed pride for the love of god and our human rights ... and history hides the lies of our civil wars 
Sniper no sniping ! 
Love is a perky elf dancing a < PROPFEMALE > little jig and then suddenly he turns on you with a miniature machine gun . –ditto 
omg so bored 
\DIE ! DIE ! GO TO HELL AND BURN !!! \ " \ " OH YEA ?! WELL I HOPE YOU GET RAPED TWICE ! MAYBE THEN YOU'LL FEEL DIFFERENT ! \ " -rvb church and sarge " 
feeling slightly forgotten 
i want to be sedated 
see you tomorrow lompoc 
just got reminded why i dont like being around my extended family . 
i dont drive to fast ! 
i fought the law ... 
bored . who wants to < PROPFEMALE > out ? 
playing random apps because i dont have anything better to do with my time ... fuck lompoc . 
And I said .. I love you forever , ' til death do us part . Oh oh forever is over , Oh oh forever is over . it's over , it's over , it ended on that night ... that I took your fucking life . -True Romance by Tiger Army 
Dont dream it ! Be it ! 
I'm aiming for heaven but Probably wind up down in hell 
I need to start going to parties where the chicks are single . Total buzz kill . 
theres many things smoking makes me do ... forget about you is not one of them . 
So frustrated with you its making me sick . Im not sure if I want to punch something or throw up . 
Be nice ! Be nice to me ! Just let me be ! Dont let me go ! I'm too cool for the second ... grade ! 
is addicted to the knife 
I'll pick the black < PROPFEMALE > if you will too . 
\do you see a wheelchair under < PROPFIRST > harmond ? no you dont because < PROPFIRST > harmond is cool \"- < PROPFIRST > Griffin " 
All the same take me away , we're dead to the world . 
I'm what's left or ... maybe I'm all there ever was . 
there's no comfort in the truth , pain is all you'll find .... hmm guess ill stay in my ignorance . 
You're the cutest thing that I ever did see . I really love your peaches , want to shake your tree . 
feels the venom of the white widow . 
Who's going chicken hunting ? We's goin ' chicken huntin'! Cut a motherfucking chicken up , right ! 
\Procrastination avoids boredom ; one never has the feeling that there is nothing important to do” " 
back in cali . 
im going try to quit smoking again . im not going to live forever and id hate to cut it short . 
Im tired of not knowing what im doing 
i couldnt make a good decision to save my life 
coming back to lompoc on sunday 
back to school , back to school to prove to dad im not a fool . 
is this job search ever going to end ? 
So what if I never wanna be sober ? \ 
So what if I wanna be numb all the time ? \ 
I can't justify why I'd wanna go slower\ 
Takin ' my time just ain't my style 
cant sleep . too much to think about . 
heading back to o.c for a few days 
be back in lompoc tomorrow afternoon . 
i need something to do . online classes dont waste enough time . 
my old is gone ! definately gonna try to get my old job . 
got an interview tomorrow ! 
right wing christian nutjobs will be the end of this country 
went to my interview . i think it went good . ill know by friday . 
bored 
' Where they start by burning books , they ultimately burn people ' 
vons was a no go . hopefully ill have better luck with albertsons . 
after 3 years all i have to look back on is regret . 3 years where i could have but i didnt . i cant stand myself . 
found my happy place ! 
feeling infinitely better than i have in a while . time for a change of pace . 
tired 
its a beautiful cloudy day . i think ill go for a walk . 
i wonder if anything exciting will happen today .... probly not 
hey guys ... its fucking hot ... lets do something 
down once more 
too much time on my hands 
i feel trapped by this pathetic excuse for a town 
i think i got a bad case of the fuckits 
cant sleep 
lol i love my little sister 
I'm too young to lose my soul . I'm too young to feel this old . So long , I'm left behind . I feel like I'm losing my mind . 
its just a jump to the left ... 
in o.c. for a few days 
not even a little sleepy 
watching the < PROPMALE > horror glee show 
:) 
You know that I could use somebody . Someone like you and all you know and how you speak . 
uber bored 
starting to feel sick :( if i have to miss the party tonight im gona be pissed 
lesson learned . drinking on an empty stomach = hangover . it was an awesome night . 
happy halloween ! 
its so easy when your evil 
home for only 10 < PROPFEMALE > and i already feel like leaving 
dear california , you suck . 
ill be at the top of < PROPMALE > grade if anyone needs me 
im getting tired of this routine . its hard to escape when almost everyone in this hole does nearly the same shit everyday . 
and just when you feel like your the only one going crazy ... the parents start fighting over a light bulb . 
The pain is much more than physical beyond belief when we're alone 
i wish i had the foresight to know that my life would feel so empty without you 
back in tustin for the week . 
apparently sleep isnt on my to do list . 
I always felt different . out of place somehow . maybe i was right ... wont stop me either way . 
just when you think your empty there is always that little left you just need to scrape out 
i think i need to make it a point to come down here more often . its nice to clear my head . 
almost 3 in the morning . wonder if the sandman knows im still up . 
Thanks everyone . waking up to your birthday wishes was awesome . XD 
your all awesome . much love 
Sleep is for the weak ! 
i wish i was special but im a creep 
doom doom doom doom doom dooooom doomy doomy doom 
getting over being here . if circumstances allow ill head home tomorrow . 
seriously considering getting a mohawk . 
cant sleep .. again 
Insomnia is a gross feeder . It will nourish itself on any kind of thinking , including thinking about not thinking . ~ Clifton Fadiman 
i think that futurama may be on to something . i want an angry dome . 
insomnia sucks . been a week of near no sleep and my version of < PROPFIRST > durden still hasnt showed up . what a rip off . 
just loaded up the car . lompoc here i come . 
tired of the bullshit 
with any luck i may have a job 
happy thanksgiving everyone 
i'm so pissed . anyone want to < PROPFEMALE > out ? 
ill never be right . doesnt fucking matter what i say . could even be about my own feelings . ill never be right . 
lol sorry bout the post last night . apparently sailor < PROPFIRST > had a few words he wanted to share 
after last night im thinking thursday nights at jaspers will be my new weekly ritual 
Quando sono solo sogno all'orizzonte e mancan < PROPFEMALE > paro < PROPFEMALE > si lo so che non c'e luce in < PROPFEMALE > stanza quando manca il so < PROPFEMALE > se non ci sei tu con me 
staying awake vs the possibility of you creeping into my dreams . yea , id rather stay awake . 
i need a new life . i think ill start tomorrow . 
change #1 to my new life : morning workouts 
step 2 : cut down on the smoking ( hopefully quit ) 
Change your facebook profile picture to a cartoon\ 
from your childhood and invite your friends to do the same . Until \ 
monday ( Dec . 6 ) there should be no human faces on facebook , only an \ 
invasion of memories . This is for violence against children 
registered for spring semester . not dropping classes this time no matter what . 
Im better than that . i wont make the same mistakes again . 
Last dance , first kiss\ 
\ 
Your touch , my bliss\ 
Beauty always comes with dark thoughts 
got an interview at Disneyland ! 
i knew i was in here somewhere . now to get him to stay ... 
I don't know why I'm still thinking of you . I think you helped me without even realizing it . Thank you . Don't forget that your beautiful . 
people say that what we're seeking is a meaning for life . I don't think that's what we're really seeking . What we seek is an experience of being alive . - < PROPFIRST > Campbell 
where is my mind ? 
I get frightened in all this darkness\ 
I get nightmares and I hate to sleep alone\ 
I need some company\ 
A guardian angel to keep me warm when the cold wind blows 
well im out of ideas to make this day more productive . im just gona go for a drive i guess . 
vodka ... they had to give me vodka 
TO ALL MY FACEBOOK FRIENDS !!! Will you all be willing to donate your status for just a few minutes to HONOR a fallen < PROPFEMALE > who's just passed away while serving our country ? Cpl . < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ( USMC ) died Dec 6 while serving in Afghanistan . He leaves behind a wife and a newborn son named in his honor , who was born approx . 24 hours after news of his death . Repost to honor this hero and his family 
anyone doing anything tonight ? im feeling a movie night 
bored . have absolutely no intention of sleeping anytime soon . anyone want to chill ? 
maybe some time away will do me some good . i hate this town . 
tomorrow my job hunt might finally be over . fingers crossed . say a little prayer for me . 
didnt get the job . just keep swimming 
why would i want that job anyway ? any company that would shut down someone for one unfavorable response when the rest of the interview they where shining doesnt seem like they are looking to help people anyway . 
with this recent development im back to job searching and odd jobs . if anyone knows of any work give me a heads up . ill clean houses , i can do plumbing , some electrical and other various odd jobs . just let me know . 
sunday is probably my last day down here . last < PROPMALE > to chill before the new year . 
Not heading out today . Apparently < PROPFEMALE > has an issue with rain . 
lol my mind is all blank and fuzzy 
Haven't slept . It's going to be a long day . 
im going to quit drinking for a while . depressed me seems to have replaced drunk me . 
< PROPFEMALE > christmas . i wish you all the best . 
Vodka bad :( 
drained 
im tired of all of this . nothing makes sense to me anymore . i wish i knew what to do . 
karaoke night ! whos down to go ? 
im never going to find what im looking for here . maybe a few years away would do me some good . 
I miss my bros :( 
down in tustin for the week . text me 
I don't think a single person who's ever looked into astrology will give up the sign they grew up associating themselves with . Spare me the technicalities science ! I'll always be a Scorpio ! 
Morning world . Im off to yoga . 
wish i knew why women are so psycho . youd think after all these years someone would have figured it out . maybe estrogen causes \im a rotten bitch\ " syndrome . " 
i think my friend count is bs . theres no way i have that many friends . if you haven't talked to me in the past couple years and dont intend on doing so ever just delete me already . 
i haven't put on my nicotine patch yet today and i feel ok . no nic fits yet . ill keep one close just in case . 
I would have smoked an extra 74 if I did not quit smoking 4 days and 22 hours ago ! 
i hate myself 
i dont know what i can do to fix this ... 
i like how desperate you are to make me the bad guy 
strength and flexibility . i need a whole lot of both . 
spent the afternoon with < PROPMALE > and baby < PROPFEMALE > . just when i think i dont have anything to smile about i realize how wrong i am . 
coffee coffee coffee 
hooray for nap time ! 
so bored 
the depths of your stupidity amazes me . to think someone could actually be that dumb without needing any form of assistance . bravo . 
best superbowl party ever 
i am definitely not a morning person 
i really need to stop these late nights and early mornings 
yoga time 
gave blood today cause im awesome . you can be awesome too . 
glass of wine and then bed . i need to get a case of this stuff . 
I got the rest of the day off . I'm not sure what I'll do with my free time but first things first ; coffee ! 
sleeping in feels awesome 
XD 
There is something I need to tell you ; I am not left handed ! 
one of the best weekends ever . happy valentines day everyone . 
yesterday wasnt too great but i had a weekend that more than made up for it . i finally recovered my spark . XD 
far too drunk to consider posting a status 
who would have figured that exercise would counteract a hangover ? :D 
i have way too much on my mind 
making tacos with friends :) 
i dont know why i let myself get carried away with what will never be . why cant i just be happy with what i have ? i think ill start today . 
i'm nobodies fool and i dont like being lied to . 
Drinking with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > 
indescribable 
still smiling 
Not sure what I'm expected to do . Guess I'll just ride this one out . 
I'm trying 
Anyone can whistle 
feels like i have a knife in my leg . ugh this workout is going to suck :( 
very confused . who do i trust ? 
i love waking up to an argument ... not 
so i need to get my car .... anyone want to give me a lift ? 
apparently moderation isnt in my dictionary . time to stop another vice before it too becomes a problem . 
i dont even feel like going to guitar class .... guess i dont really have a choice . kinda makes me wish i would have practiced . 
today's workout is going to be awesome . 
class at 8 in the morning and i dont even really want to sleep . feels like my night is missing something . 
Thats right people at McDonalds ! Look in awe at my glorious subway sandwich and feel terrible about yourselves ! 
its only noon and iv ran out of things to do with my day . 
Uneventful day . Hopefully my night is more fulfilling . 
my night was way better 
cooking talapia and rice . simple but delicious . 
no < PROPMALE > er how bad my day gets i know it could be worse . i could be a closet case like that < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > guy . :P 
why do i have to be allergic to something so cute and fluffy ? :( 
Well I might have a job . Go me . 
Got to watch the mayhem as it unfolded . Gave me nightmares about tsunami . I'll pray for you japan . 
got another interview for monday ! i get to pick between two jobs or possibly have both ? way too awesome to be true ! 
Watching the < PROPFEMALE > bride . :) 
Laundry day 
haven't had a cigarette in a month and 17days 
Just got home from my interview . I'll know by Wednesday . 
Exhausted 
Happy ST . Patties ! 
Last night was epic ! On to another adventure ! 
Need to find something to do . 
Yoga got canceled today on account of it being too cold to workout . Guess I'm hitting the gym after my next class . 
I hate this feeling . Its the same feeling I got every time before I attempted to escape this crappy town ... the only difference now is I dont know where to escape to . 
Sucker Punch was awesome ! 
Still awake 
its a pirates life for me 
I have a feeling this wont end in fluffy bunnies ... 
I predict a whole lot of suck in the near future . 
Intense feeling of < PROPFEMALE > vu ... cant quite put my finger on it but this all seems eerily familiar 
CPR and first aid training = +10 to my Handiness 
A shepherdess is quite a mess but little lambs are lovely . 
I'm not sure whats going on . This is where I take a step back . 
I haven't smoked 1026 cigarettes since I quite . 
I'm worth more than you try to make me feel . If you didn't get the memo the < PROPFIRST > that let people degrade him without retaliation vacated a while ago . Don't mess with me . 
should probably be practicing ... 
There were so many fewer questions when stars were still just the holes to heaven 
Had an awesome nap . now who should I bug ? hmmm ... 
Been feeling a bit off lately . Maybe a morning workout is just what I need to get my head on straight . 
I'm not at all surprised by the possibility of a shutdown . Why should congress care ? They still get paid . 
And just for fun :\ 
If you're not scared put this on your status and see what people rate you . ( 1 ) Crazy . ( 2 ) I'd marry you . ( 3 ) I want to date you . ( 4 ) Sarcastic . ( 5 ) I miss you . ( 6 ) I'd kiss you . ( 7 ) Beautiful . ( 8 ) Smart . ( 9 ) Imaginative . ( 10 ) Random . ( 11 ) Hot . ( 12 ) Funny . ( 13 ) Fit . ( 14 ) Amazing . ( 15 ) Tough . ( 16 ) Cute . ( 17 ) I'd hit you with a bus . ( 18)I love you . ( 19 ) Weirdo 
< PROPFIRST > Pilgrim vs the World is amazing ! 
One good thing about my car is that she always has something for me to work on . Its like free experience points . 
\I dont need another tax cut\ " I love you Obama " 
I hate having to end my night so early . curse you traffic court ! 
Spring Break !!!! XD 
Laundry , workout , hangout . sounds like a plan . 
Just woke up not 10 minutes ago . I forgot how awesome it felt to sleep in . 
Its been almost 3 months without a cigarette and I'm still having cravings ... sucks 
Watching the great race . Oh the memories :) 
why thank you little sister for wasting my time 
Going to Tustin for the rest of the week . Its about time i get the opportunity to escape for a little bit . 
Doesn't look like I'm going to get much sleep tonight 
Beer is good and stuff XD 
< PROPMALE > Signorelli and Kaitie Crossley I lost your < PROPFIRST > :( 
back in lompoc 
looks like a boring night at home 
some people just need to do the rest of us a favor and shoot themselves in the face 
Carne asada + shrimp = epic 
Staying up watching glee . You may ask if i feel iv lost my man card . Absolutely not XD 
