I hope everyone has a safe and really fun new yrs tonight ! Were staying in and having a quite family night with lots of movies lol 

so yeah , 1st day of work was interesting . tired and feet hurt but it goes with the territory . hopefully tomorrow is better . 
Can't wait , we're going home in a few days !!!! been in ny way to damn long 
one more night in NY ! YAY me !!!!! 
I think I'm getting sick ... whoopie . God I hate this time of yr ! 
Had hubby's xmas party to go to tonight . < PROPFIRST > and i had so much fun and got to meet all the clowns he works with . what a woot ! 
by this rate it looks like were going to have a green christmas here . its been raining for a few days now , temps around 40 and pretty much all the snow is gone lol 
I hope everyone has a great Christmas !!! 
am so glad christmas is over lol . time for a very long awaited nap 
So far this year is turning out to be a good one . Hopefully it'll continue to work in my advantage !!! 
nude ! lol 
yay hubby's fixing dinner so i'm off the hook . God i love him !!! 
ok dinners done . be back in a few lol !!! 
is lettin her other personality take over for a while , who shall i be tonight ? 
COPY THIS INTO YOUR STATUS AND SEE WHAT PEOPLE RATE YOU !!!! 1 = crazy , 2=i'd marry you , 3 = talkative , 4 = sarcastic , 5 = i miss you , 6 = partier , 7 = moody , 8 = sexy , 9 = mouthy , 10 = spoiled , 11 = random , 12 = hot , 13 = funny , 14 = fit , 15 = amazing , 16 = tough , 17 = cute , 18 = gf/bf type , 19 = player , 20 = i love you , 21 = gorgeous , 22 = the best , 23 = I want you 24 = you know 
is having one of those days where she want to yell FUCK YOU to someone 
when life gives you lemons , < PROPMALE > them at the idiots pissing you off . 
I'm sarcastic and have a smart-ass attitude ! It's a natural defense against drama , bullshit and stupidity , and I don't give a FUCK if your offended ! 
is not waiting for the < PROPFEMALE > train ! I'm driving it ! woo woo ! 
i will speak my mind & if you don't like it then that's your problem . if that makes a person a bitch for speaking their mind then i guess I'm a bitch . 
is so NOT a morning person ! Proceed with caution for I have not had my coffee yet . In fact , just check back in 30 minutes . YAWN ! 
thinks the more you try to understand people the more they are gonna confuse you . 
a cat and a roster standing by a pool . The cat falls in . The roster laughs . The moral of this story is a wet pu$$y always gives a c0ck a good time 
First genuine person I meet this weekend , I will give them whatever they want . Safe bet since everyone is full of shit . 
When I woke up this morning i decided that the whole world can kiss my Ass ! 
life would be a hell of a lot easier if everyone had an on/off switch !!! 
one man's fuck up is another man's < PROPFEMALE > opportunity ! 
Humans and dolphins are the only mammals that have sex for pleasure , but pigs have orgasms that last 30 < PROPFEMALE > . Makes you kinda want to be a pig . 
heard you were robbed at gunpoint and given 2 choices , suck < PROPMALE > or give up your computer ... i see you still have your computer haha 
wonders why children don't come fitted with volume control . Or just a mute button would do 
sadly , there is no medicine for stupidity ! 
says have you ever met someone and thought \There goes the reason why contraceptives were invented\ " ? I know I have lmao " 
spider spider on the wall , have you got no balls at all , course i have you stupid cunt , you're looking at me back to front ! 
I'm Sarcastic and i have a Smart-ass attitude its a natural defense against Drama Bullshit and Stupidity 
says I'm not a bitch , I simply have a zero tolerance level for bullshit . 
an elephant says to a Camel \ why are your tits on your back ? \ " so the Camel replies \ " beets having your < PROPMALE > on your face \"" 
is realizing more and more each day just how rare and wonderful her husband really is , someone I can count on and trust NO MATTER WHAT !! 
A man and woman are getting divorced . While together he gave her blood . He says I want my blood back . She throws him a tampon and says I'll pay you monthly ! 
What's the difference between a COFFIN and a CONDOM ? Although they both < PROPFEMALE > stiffs , One is used for coming and the other is for going 
Why all the sudden concern over pandemics , we haven't done anything about Stupidity , and it's existed for years . 
dinner time here , be back in a few fb !! 
has decided that being nice and quiet is no longer an option ... the DEVIL has come to play watch out the bitch is back ... 
my halo is held up evenly by my horns . 
I swear some people were conceived through anal sex because there is no way being that much of an asshole is not natural !! 
So can someone tell me when the bullshit ends ? 
Chocolate saves lives ........ because it keeps me from going insane 
wants to invent a drink and call it Responsibly . That way , when you are shitfaced you can say , ' Well I did drink Responsibly ' . 
Is waiting for the cleaning < PROPFEMALE>'s to land ... If they land at yours first kindly give them my address ... thanks ! 
If you want to get your children's attention , just sit on the couch with a hot coffee and start talking on the phone . Cause it works EVERYTIME I swear !!! 
breakfast for dinner , yummy ! be back in a little bit FB 
dinner was good , but damn i'm stuffed lol 
I'm very sarcastic and i have a really smart ass attitude . It's a natural deterrent for all the drama , stupidity and bullshit in the world . 
3 nuns in a convent , a nude ghost appears and waves his cock at them & says Hocus Pocus , nun says never mind the hocus ... just pocus 
Hit Ctrl + W , it's funny . Go try it !!! 
dinner time . be back in a few fb !! 
So why didn't I get the memo that it was Stupid People Day ? 
doesn't understand how some people can do such fuckin ' idiotic things without realizing that their actions cause a shit storm on so many other people . 
is the type of girl that can smile just to hide what shes really feeling 
is feeling like crap & would like to know the rules about selling your body on e-bay so that you can purchase a new one ! 
Mother Nature can shove the snow right up her Ass ! I don't want it ! It better be gone by monday that's all I have to say 
Laundry is a form of torture .. There is never an end to the pile , and just when you think you have a handle on it , the pile gets bigger ! 
Had a great bithday , thanks to everyone who wished me a great day and thanks to those who helped me celebrate it ! 
wishes she could go \bibbidi bobbidi boo ! \ " or \ " Poof ! \ " and feel better . Tried . It doesn't work :( " 
Today i think i will be an angel and tomorrow i think ill be a devil cause my horns are getting tired of holding up the halo 
I'm Sarcastic and I have a Smart-ass attitude , it's a natural defense against Drama Bullshit and Stupidity 
Sunday ... my day to do absolutely nothing before going back to work . Wait .. I'm a mom . I never have a day to do absolutely nothing ! 
got my first tattoo yesterday , thanks to my nephew Nate ! Thanks Nate , you did a great job . 
doesn't understand how some people can do such fucken idiotic things without realizing that their actions cause a shit storm on so many other people . 
life's to short to be unhappy so live it up , drink it down , avoid the BS and have no regrets ! people change and things go wrong but always remember LIFE GOES ON 
I love being me , it pisses off all the right people . 
just for you < PROPFEMALE > lmao : I think it would be funny to go and throw skittles at random people and say taste the freakin rainbow lol 
Is having a day that makes me wonder exactly what it is about some people that just makes you want to slap them upside the head and reset their stupid button ! 
My doctor asked if any members of my family suffered from insanity , I replied , no , we all seem to enjoy it . 
is bored . I think I will sit in my car on the side of the road with my hair dryer today . Point it at the cars going past and see how many people slow down ! 
If a warning label is on it , than means some dumb ass try to do it already . 
Is it just me or is everyone an asshole today ? 
has discovered that i have seizures when exposed to stupidity ... and right now , i feel a twitch coming on !!! 
believes sanity is just a rumour someone started 
How many of you really know all of the people on your friend list ? Here's a task for you . I'm asking all of the people on my list to post below how they met me .. After you have completed this , repost this in your status box . You will be amazed at how interesting this can really be !... I did , now it's your turn 
Copy this into your status and see what people rate you . 1 : Crazy . 2 : I'd marry you . 3 : Talkative . 4 : Sarcastic . 5 : Loveable . 6 : Moody . 7 : Dumb . 8 : Spoiled . 9 : Mouthy . 10 : Random . 11 : Hot . 12 : Funny . 13 : Sexy . 14 : Amazing . 15 : Cute . 16 : Generous 17 : Smart Butt 
the world is a crazy place ... what number am I , and where do I fit in ? 
They say that maturity comes with age , well for most people it does , for some it never does . 
\The truth is always a trick to those who live among lies . \"" 
There are some people in my life that don't deserve to be there . 
Why do we have back pain ? It's because it keeps our mind off of the pain in our asses ! 
The one thing I'm sure of , if someone was to steal my identity after a couple of hours of being me , they would pay Me to take it back ~ that I'm sure of .. 
How about I start treating you the way you treat me and then we can see how you like it ! :) 
Happy Mother's Day to all the wonderful mothers on facebook ! I hope you have a wonderful day !!!! 
says be the kind of woman that when you roll out of the bed in the morning the devil looks up and says \OH SHIT SHES UP ! \"" 
I'm in love with the man of my dreams ... and the best part of that is ... the man of my dreams is in love with me ! 
What popular slogan or jingle reminds you of me and why ? I'm curious to see what people say lol 
says that having a telephone conversation with someone that has young children is like talking to someone with tourettes ! You know it's true , esp if you've talked to me on the phone lol 
is in the mood to push someone down the stairs , hit them over the head with a fire extinguisher then bury the body under the garden patio 
shit happens ... but life goes on whether you're ready or not 
Poke me if you've ever had a crush on me . LIKE me if you think I'm cute . INBOX me if you've ever wanted a relationship with me . Now let's see whose brave enough to out this on thier status . 
Of course women want romance ! We grew up watching < PROPMALE > Charming sweep < PROPFEMALE > off her feet . So bring on the romance ! 
has a zero-tolerance policy for stupidity . 
Well yesterday was very hard for me . I had to let my baby boy go . He's spending the summer w/ his father in ny . It was his first time flying , and I heard it went well . Thank god . I just pray to god that this summer goes clam and smoothly cuz if it don't watch the fuck out ! Keep my son in prayers please , as well as for me too . I'm going to need them !!! I hope Aug comes quickly ! 
talked with < PROPFIRST > , he played his first soccer game today , made the 1st 2 goals ! way to go baby ! i sure do miss him !!! 
My halo has been repoed , and replaced with horns 
Happy Birthday < PROPMALE > R.I.P ! Wish we could've met ! But i know you're looking down on all of us and keeping us safe ! We love you and miss you dearly !!! 
Some days I really wish < PROPFEMALE > was instantaneous ... 
Happy Father's Day to all the dads I know near , far and online lol . Hope it's a great day for you all !!! 
Sometimes you just gotta say \What is your < PROPMALE > malfunction numb-nuts ? \"" 
Nice day ... if you're a duck 
why is it when i get a missed call i immediately try to call them back the phone rings 9 times and goes to voicemail what do they do drop the phone and run away 
Wings or a tail ? Hum What to wear today ? I'm voting tail lol 
Finally got all the pics i wanted to upload , no thanks to the damn internet connection lol . 
I guess in the end , it all comes down to the fine line between who you thought that person was , and the truth . 
If I offend you in any way please contact me on www.icouldntgiveaflyingfuck.com 
Hates Stupid people ... \ 
yes , me too , but unfortunately for us , they're not going anywhere anytime soon , because stupid IS breed-able . :) 
You look at me and tell me that I am insane . I look at you and laugh at the fact that it has taken you this long to realize this . 
Cats are like drag queens . They walk around with their asses in the air asking \Who wants < PROPFEMALE >?''" 
If a midget says your hair smell good , is that sexual harassment ?? lol ... I am really bored and may start writting various status updates to amuse myself .. 
ok i finally got all the pics uploaded , thanks facebook for making it take longer than i wanted lol . enjoy and leave lots and lots of comments lol 
You make me dance like a fool , forget how to breathe , shine like gold , buzz like a < PROPFEMALE > , Just the thought of you can drive me wild Ohh , you make me smile . 
I'm not as innocent sweet or nice as i look but i am every bit the bitch that i act like 
You know your losing it when you accidentally run into a mannequin and apologize for it !! LOL 
If the police called to tell you I was in jail , what would you think I was arrested for ? 
WARNING : I'm tired as hell and need coffee . Approach at your own risk !! 
i dont understand people , i really dont . and sometimes i really dont think i want to . total bullshit i tell ya . 
< PROPFEMALE > - Is a bigger bitch than I ever can be and you will get yours and don't worry when you do I will get the last laugh and that will be a WONDERFUL day ! 
copy this status and see what people rate you . ( 1 ) weird ( 2 ) wish we went \ 
out(3)talkative ( 4 ) sarcastic ( 5 ) ? able ( 6 ) crazy ( 7 ) i want \ 
you(8)spoiled(9 ) qreat parent ( 10 ) wild ( 11 ) funny ( 12 ) pretty(13 ) \ 
mature(14 ) wish we had sex ( 15 ) i'd take u home to mom ( 16)wish i had \ 
... your number(17)shy ( 18 ) honest ( 19 ) freak ( 20)sexy =) 
I'm the sweetest angel ... sorry my halo fell into red paint , and some person gave me this pitchfork , don't even ask about the horns and tail 
I can't do anything right till I have smoked a coffee and had a cup of cigarette . 
i have nothing else to write on here so chose a letter from the alphabet and describe me with it please cause I'm bored (: Just do it , please ! 
is convinced that there is a voodoo doll of me somewhere out there , ' cause is not humanly possible to have a headache this painfully ! 
Woke up to the devil standing beside my bed this morning , but when she noticed that my eyes were open , she ran through the door , screaming \Don't hurt me ! \"" 
hmmmm ... halo or horns today ?? 
Well , If you'll excuse me I have minds to corrupt and values to warp ! Be back when I'm done ! 
is 99% Angel ! ( Darn that 1% -- gets me every time ! ) Or is it the other way around ? 
knows she ain't gods gift cause she's Satan's surprise lol 
People never cease to amaze me ... 
a new postage stamp shaped like a clitoris was introduced yesterday but it's not selling well cause only 5% of men know how 2 lick it properly ! 
is smiling ... that alone should scare the shit out of you ! 
you can only be pushed away so much and the pain starts to destroy you inside 
Like a clown i put on a show , the pain is real even if nobody knows , and im crying inside , and nobody knows it but me . 
is sick of having emotions , if anyone wants them , they're free to come take them . 
just has one question : why ? 
asks for < PROPFEMALE > to deal with stupid people and courage to tolerate their ignorance because Lord only knows if I ask for strength I will beat them to death ! 
lets see .... mutant cats riding elephants stormed into my tribal camp of emo racist frog people looking to steal the multi colored thong of power 
let my personalities out for a night ... I woke up with two hookers , a penguin , a pineapple , five teeth missing , and a tattoo that read \I'M FREE \"." 
has too often seen people and thought , \There goes the reason contraceptives were invented \"." 
is going to head over to my sister inlaws in a little bit and < PROPFEMALE > out w/ her . what a beautiful day ! Be back later ... maybe ! 
New York bound tomorrow evening , thanks to United Airlines lol . Man I'm nervous , havent flown since ' 98 . and ALL the airports I'm going to within my trip I've never been to , so this should be real interesting . But at least < PROPFIRST > and I will be home safe and sound by Wednesday afternoon . Thank God !!!! < PROPFIRST > I know you're excited , so am I girly ! Cant't wait !!!! See you Tuesday morning !!!! 
We made it home safe and sound yesterday ! boy was i beat ! i dont think i have ever been that drained before . thank you to < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > and kiddo for letting < PROPFIRST > and i stay with them . The flights were good and the airports were easy to get through . 
Had fun camping sat-mon with < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > and the kids . < PROPFIRST > had a blast . pics soon to be uploaded . 
The purple monkeys are chasing the pink gnomes while the green striped unicorn and the blue hippo are making pancakes . 
Sorry i havent been on here lately . just been busy with working and havent been feeling good lately . hope all is alright . Drop a line and let me know whats new !! 
