forgot i made this account .... 

Back hurts . going to a movie .... and i love twitter . 
TRANSFORMERS IN LESS THAN 36 HOURS !!!!!!!!!!!!! :) :) :) :) 
TRANSFORMERS WAS AMAZING !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
WORST DAY EVER !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! broke mirror on my car , rained on like crazy at work , took FOREVER TO GET HOME , spilled icecream all over me , and < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > dies . someone kill me now , the day isnt over . 
relaxed :) 
i need to add all my photos on here .... but im too lazy 
i need to post all these pictures i have .... but im lazy !!!! :( 
I miss < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > * cry * 
i was going to post alot more pictures but facebook was being dumb and kept freezing ... * angry * 
nevermind , somehow they made it :) i take back the dumb comment facebook . * happy again * 
EVERYONE TAKE MY QUIZ THAT I MADE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :) 
YEAH ! Great night , congrats reese and < PROPFIRST > ! 
Sleepless night will be covered up by coffee .... to the extreme :) 
So i have been fighting it for months now and now ive given in . Facebook , im finally back :) 
Craving starbucks .... 
Craving satisfied :) 
I think a cactus is a good graduation gift ........ well you would understand if you knew the person .... 
Ugh ! Leave it to work to put you in a bad mood :( 
Yellow toad is the best :) 
uploaded pics from the cruise like 7 months ago 
Its raining .... a lot ..... dont like this . 
So i just watched the BET awards ( well kinda ) and im happy i didnt sit through all of it . But ill tell ya this , < PROPFIRST > Brown is no MJ but he did a good job tryin . Cryin was a lil awkward tho . and i hate Keysha < PROPMALE > singing airplanes .... hate .... hate .... hate .. and no Beyonce performance !!!! HATE !!!!! >:-( 
Ridin Solo 
Everybodys going to the party have a real good time , dancing in the desert blowin up the sunshine 
Is there something going on that i dont know about ? Streets are empty and so is walmart . Im freakin out a bit ! 
Ya know whats amazing ? Ramen . Nuff said :D 
So . Avatar was OK . Why do directors think they have to change the storyline of an already great story ? Cuz this could have been amazing now its just frustrating 
in a semi-good mood right now . finally posted a bio . and im happy with it . My parents and sister just got a new car too ! 
is so tired he doesnt want to move 
It would be amazing if the sky would open up and rain babies . it would be epic ! 
I just parallel parked for the first time ever and did it in one try :) 
I have a tan line :( 
You know those days when you dont want to do ANYTHING ! Yeah thats how i feel today :( 
I really HATE new Mexicans that cant drive , which is pretty much all of them .... 
So today actually ended pretty good , who knew that work could put you in a better mood ? lol 
My phone is stupid 
I am Batman 
Never gonna see the day that I aint got the upper hand . Im respected from Californ-I-A , way down to Japan 
Im gettin a new phone tomorrow !!!!!!!!! :) :) :) 
I LOVE MY PHONE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I need to go to sleep , put the phone down jaymz , put the phone down !!!!! Lol 
Never thought i could love a machine so much ...... this is probably the start of the rise of the robots ...... crap .... 
Im more than just an option , refuse to be forgotten , I took a < PROPMALE > with my heart , and I feel it taking over . 
Ahhhhhhh !!! I hate humidity ! Its the exact opposite of what it should be here . No wind , overcast , and super humid ! :( 
is so busy and so tired , i dont like this combination :( 
I LOVED Salt . People will disagree with me but I dont care . It was action packed and had a great story . Im still thinkin about it now . Inception betta watch out 
So its been raining here , steadilly for like 5 hours now . And i cant believe im sayin this , but i like it . But i would like it more if i was at home for the past 5 hours -_____- 
So glad i graduated , cuz this time of the year really sucks for those that gotta go back . 
So yesterday I shaved off all my hair on my head ..... on accident :( now all I got is < PROPFEMALE > stubby hairs on my head . 
I am a Jedi ninja . < PROPFEMALE > is my padawan . 
So as of right now , I have officially caught up on my time for the year . Thats right in 11 months ive done 770 hours . Bring it on August ... 
My computer has some virus on it so now I can't use it :( Of course this happens on the day the new linkin park song comes out : '''' ( 
So I just saw inception again , and it just confirmed my original thoughts about it . Its good to know I'm not crazy ! Well not completely crazy . 
Ahhhhh !!!! Its gonna floooooood ! 
After you dig thru the ditches what are you supposed to do ? 
I am in SUCH a bad mood right now . I didn't know it was possible to hate someone as much as I do right now .... 
O and for all of you keeping track , yes I'm still at work . We closed at 9 . 
On the road again ! These next 6 hours better go quick ! :) 
PHOENIX 
Had a GREAT time in phoenix , < PROPMALE > wit some amazing peeps as always and kicked butt in smash bros , as always lol lol I love that game and the laughs it brings :) and food was AMAZING !!!!!!!! 
I'm not racist or anything but I swear I saw < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > at a gas station on the way home ..... 
If your reading this , whether we talk often or not , post a comment of the first memory you have of me that pops into your head . When your done , post this on your own status . Why not ? Its always fun to remember :) 
For now , all is good in the world , cuz I have found my missing socks :) 
Ditches are deadly . Stay away . 
Btw everyone , < PROPFIRST > Pilgrim vs . The World = EPIC . One of the best movies ever . 
wow , i cant spell apparently , that last post was supposed to say this guy wont win anymore races ..... 
* Sigh * so Pioneer school starts tomorrow , and ive been so nervous that im sick to my stomach for the last 2 days :( I planned to have tonight as my last night to rest and do nothing , but then i was told i have to study for tomorrow :( goodbye social life , see ya in 2 weeks :( Hello Pioneer School :) 
So , I had the BEST Pioneer school possible . No one else's can compare :P lol 
840 hours down , wednesday 840 hours to go .... 
I hate it when you remember to do something , and then as soon as you get up to do it you forget what you needed to do ...... 
Just went thru my first DUI check point ..... it was scarry ! Lol 
It kills me not to know this but I've all but just forgotten- 
Just found a scorpion in my house !!!!! :( 
Who knew wedding receptions could be so emotional lol . 
And this is for all yall that dont think i post enough :P 
* sigh * i really need to go to sleep >.< 
So I just DJed my first party , and I did a freakin good job if I may say so myself :D 
Days like this I really just don't like best buy . 
ARMS !!!! LIKE !!!!! NOOOOODLES !!!!!!!!!!!!! \ 
Working out is a killer . 
is sooo not funny when you sneeze then whimper cuz the pain from your abs ...... and then your family laughs >_> 
< PROPFIRST > has my phone !!!!! :) 
Is sleepy tired exhausted worn out need to sleep :-| 
AHHHH-CHOO !!!......? (-???•?) ?.... If\ 
you're allergic to bullcrap , drama queens , head games , liars , two-faced\ 
fake people , keep this sneeze going ... 
Wonder how many of us really know everyone on our facebook friend list ?? Here's a task for you ! I want ALL my FB friends to comment on this status about how you met me . After you comment , copy this to your status and you'll be amazed at the results you get ! Muhahaha !!! 
Yeah , just found out my great aunt died today , she pretty much raised me from when i was a baby till i was 8 . so yeah , im emotionally unstable , dont know what im gonna do next :'( 
Soooo , just found out that the term emotionally unstable isnt exactly what i thought it ment lol so im not that bad , i swear , i just dont know when or if this will hit me . But i really appericate everyone and your kind words :) you make it easier to deal with in a weird way . Thank you all . 
So , its official , the pioneer meeting is the best meeting ever .... 
Straws are the best things ever ..... until they make you look like an idiot .... 
There is nothing like talkin , laughing , and sharing stories with good friends to send a bad day down the drain . 
Its funny how music playing during work can make a day soooooooooooo much better :) 
I love how it costs 2 dollars to get in to a DOLLAR theater -___- 
Like this status and I'll ... ( 1)Tell you something I've learned about you by looking at your wall ( 2 ) Tell you the color you remind me of ( 3)Share my first memory of you ( 4 ) Pick an animal that reminds me of you ( 5 ) Ask something I've always wondered about you ( 6 ) Tell you my favorite thing about you ( 7 ) Give you a weird nickname ( 8 ) Challenge you to post this . 
Its sad how easily I get lost trying to find something at walmart ..... 
PARENTS HOME ! :) 
I miss the good old days ... when you can go on a road trip and sleep like a rock , wake up , and your there :( 
Ahhhhhhh kansas , why must you be so boring :( 
I am so too school for cool . 
HOME ! 
I do love that burst of energy I get at night , room is sparkling clean , and all before 12 :) 
ROCK BAND 3 !!!!!!!! 
I'm home sick watching my family play rock band .... ahhh I do love them lol :) 
I do love fried chicken ! 
I WANNA GO SNOWBOARDING SO BAD ! >:-{ 
I'm leaving work now ...... its 12 : 35 ...... I hate work 
So is weezer required to make two bad albums for every good one they make ???? 
IM really ready to change my profile pic , * sigh * i just need to take new pictures :| 
One of the best episodes of community EVER 
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO ! NOT THE TALON !!!!!!!!!! : ' ( 
YAY IM ON PHOENIX TIME AGAIN !!!!!! :) 
Sometimes i want to copy someone's status , word for word , and see if they notice 
One month from tomorrow ....... 
Pretty proud of myself , I have just made the best breakfast burrito ever ! 
Food poisoning blows . 
Ok , I'm a Rihanna fan again :D 
B . E . P { dirty bit } 
< PROPFIRST > Pan was gay ????? O_o 
Its funny that months ago when I first heard runaway I hated it , now I can't get enough of it 
I WANNA GO SNOWBOARDING SOOOOOOOOOOOO BAD !!!! >:-{ 
I'm DONE ! Done done done done done done done ! :) :) :) :) :) 
I see snow ! :) :) :) 
So you know that dance called The Jerk ? Ya that's right , I can do it . 
Two week notice ........ 
I think its now official , < PROPMALE > is now the worst city ever lol 
Change your default facebook picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To not see a human face on facebook until Monday the 6th of Dec . Join the fight against child abuse , and invite your friends to do the same 
Ok , so yesterdays episode of Smallville was one of the best episodes of Smallville ive seen in such a long time ! I hate that fact that this is the last season !!!!!!!! 
I kissed his girl and i liked it , \ 
The taste of her < PROPFEMALE > chapstick , \ 
I kissed his girl , just to try it , \ 
Hope her boyfriend dont mind it :D 
So , it seems like imma have to do something i havent done in a LONG time . Buy a CD . < PROPFIRST > , December 14th 
Ugh just realized i turn 21 on a monday :( 
Could you please ATLEAST go the speed limit ! 
Ugh i really should be packing ..... just cant bring myself to do it ....... 
Ok , so done packing for today . Pretty much everything is packed up except for my clothes , tv and game stuff . Took about 3 hours . lol seems like this week is going by so fast ! 
Goodbye new mexico peeps , you will be missed : ' ( 
Hello phoenix peeps , I love you :) 
I leave cold cloudy weather , and its been nothing but cold cloudy weather ..... lame 
People are hilarious , especially at airports . 
Starbucks and a sandwich-thingy from bk , ahhhhhhh breakfast of champions :) 
Goodbye az , I miss you :( 
Hello nm , I love you :) 
What's this you say ? Snow in Rio Rancho ? Not possible . Oh wait , your leaving today jaymz ? And you can't go snowboarding here ? Then yeah snow sounds about right . 
Kansas was ...... fun believe it or not ! Had lots of fun with family and friends . Looks like I'm gonna have to do this again ! :-) 
Public announcement to all drivers in greater new mexico areas , LEFT < PROPFIRST > IS FOR PASSING >:-{ that is all . 
Is tired of traveling and ready to get home . 
I don't like ..... people :| 
Day 1 of not so new , new job .... done :) 
Corndogs from a gas station is such a horrible idea ..... ugh what was I thinking :( 
Sterling : \I think I'm a challenged oriental person . \ " \ 
So i never watch the news ( mainly cuz im doing more important things while its on ) and i have realized that that was the best decision ever . I just watched a news report on the possibility of popcorn burning someone . it was considered a \highlight\ " :| talk about slow news day .... " 
SNOWBOARDING ! :) 
Someone needs to tell diddy to lose the grill . He looks like a homeless person . 
I hate grocery stores , they intentionaly make me look stupid >:-{ 
Ok , i hate it when you spend all this time hunting for cheap gas , finally find cheap gas , fill up , then drive by the next TWO gas stations and they are cheaper >:-( 
All day training this weekend and next weekend for the second time in 4 years I think . Ugh long live best buy ..... 
COME ON COMMERCIALS !!!!! :D :D :D 
WOOOOOOOT ! 
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOT WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOT WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
WOOOOOOOOOOOT WOOOOOOOOOOOT WOOOOOOOOOOOT WOOOOOOOOOOOT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOT WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOT WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOT WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOT WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOT WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOT WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOT WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOT WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOT WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOT 
So i just found out that for almost 21 years now , Social Security has had my birthday as feb 16th not the 14th . I feel like im in some thriller type movie and things are about to get really bad . 
Worst day at work EVER ! I've never wished I was 21 more than I do right now . 
Oh brother ! So true . 
Chipotle is bomb-tastic 
DO NOT like the new gaga track . Will not be letting that one grow on me . 
When do the grammys start ? 
I Am Number 4 ........ was awesome ! 
I hate relying on people . 
I think I broke my computer . Sad face 
Is @an < PROPFEMALE > pub , its open mic night . This is interesting . 
Acoustic don't stop believin and a dance off at the same time , I love pubs 
Getting things done , feels amazing :) 
Jaden : \Did you know christ killed a fig tree !?! When I read that I was like Jesus ! \ " \ 
I really don't like people right now .... 
This goes to facebook , who would win in so fight ? Batman vs Ironman . Vote 
Great way to start a day trip back home , dead battery ...... 
So sick of driving 
Curse you American Idol . I was doing so good this year and not watching it , I go home and watch one episode , AND I'M HOOKED ! 
I LOVE ANGEL FIRE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I hate my brain sometimes 
Success ! 
Battle LA , was pretty good . 7.5 ? 
Tsunamis scare me . I hope everybody in japan is ok :( 
Live in your world , play in mine . 
The other guys .......... is hilarious ! :) 
Ahhhhhhhh !!!!!! Humidity go away !!!!!! 
I HATE traffic lights ........ 
Stupid coffee cookie .... I'm wide awake >_< 
Yes ! Back to bed I go !!!!!! :) 
I have created the best tasting punch ever :) 
I walk into the cheesecake factory and the fire alarms go off . Coincidence ? I think not ;) 
This is long overdue , facebook fights round 2 : Who would win in a fight ? Thor or the Green Lantern ? VOTE 
Oh if people could read my mind , I wouldn't have any friends . 
Hello , good morning . In a good mood . WORK DON'T YOU RUIN IT !!!! 
Craving ice cream ...... 
Do love it when customers come in and just ruin a good day ..... 
I don't wanna go to work ! :( 
COLD STONE HAS NEW STUFF !!!!!!??????!!???!!!!?? OMG OMG OMG OMG best news ever ! 
You know , I say this all the time , but I truly just don't like people . They just can't keep their mouths shut and worry about themselves . Cause of so many problems .... 
Ok , just checked out the 3DS , and I was worried , I'll admit , but its freakin awesome . Go nintendo 
BAM ! Poison up in your body ! Lol lol lol 
Its so HOT ! And I'm LOVING IT ! :) 
Rofl , people are so racist . Lol 
Just incase I take up cannibalism , I would like to know how my friends taste . So please if you would , list what you eat on an average day , and I'll rate how tasty you are . Thank you :D 
Ugh , so today I wake up late , late leaving to work , get stuck in construction traffic , and when I get to work I find out I'm 20 minutes early :| 
This has been the slowest most boring day ever ..... and I'm enjoying it :) 
Oh no , I just discovered all 6 seasons of lost is on netflix . Goodbye free time . 
Lost is freaking me out 
