bringing in the new year with cool kids ( and not so cool kids ) at Dna Gaming Center 

moo 
today should be a pretty good day 
I don't care where you live at , just turn around boy lemme hit that 
off to dna to meet < PROPFIRST>'s boy 
ugh ... so bored at the campaign office ! monday i made 150+ calls , even more today ! somebody help me !!! 
integrity is a virtue above all others . learn it , love it , live it , and you shall live above all others . 
wow , play a game for five minutes and it spams the shit out of my wall . 
\separate but equal\ " didn't fly fifty years ago and it won't fly now you bastards . kiss my gay ass . " 
hold the line , love isn't always on time . 
that they may know love , and not hate . that they may know peace , and not war . that they would know wisdom , and not ignorance . that they may know equality and acceptance of all peoples . 
is it not strange how such little phrases often < PROPFEMALE > so much meaning ? i love you , i hate you , go fuck yourself , i miss you and so on . is it not also strange that they're all three words ? 
be without fear in the face of your enemies , be brave and upright that your god may love thee , speak the truth always , even if it leads to your death . safeguard the helpless , and do no wrong . 
respect is a commodity to be traded , not to be hoarded or to be pissed away . 
i'm so tired of people complaining about that mosque in New York . this is still < PROPFEMALE > . and besides , comparing all muslims to terrorists is like saying all christians bomb abortion clinics and beat up gay people , or that they belong to the kkk . but god forbid anybody bitch about those people . the original suicide bomber was in fact a white christian . keep this in mind next time you want to be a bigot . 
with heads held high we will go forth into the unknown . a new day dawns on the horizon , let's not be late . 
we will match up the poor , destitute , orphaned children of this great nation with enthusiastic , qualified teachers to help make this nation great again < PROPFEMALE > . I am president < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > , president of the enclave , President of < PROPFEMALE > , President of your heart . 
today the last U.S. combat brigade left Iraq . a welcome change . thanks goes out to all those who served , and who continue to serve the United States of < PROPFEMALE > domestically and abroad . let us remember all those who have given their lives to secure our freedom . 
I met < PROPFIRST > Malloy today . great guy , got some pictures , heloooo new profile pic . i even solicited a donation from him . next governor of connecticut , damned proud to have met him . 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > Millin died today . this man led soldiers ashore on D-day playing his pipes , braving a hailstorm of fire from < PROPMALE > guns . this man was a hero , and shall not be forgotten . 
what will happen when the heroes of our time have all passed on ? today we lost < PROPMALE > millin . tomorow we could lose < PROPMALE > mandela . this generation needs heroes , someone who stands up and does something so great , so selfless as to be remembered for centuries to come . ask a teenger today who < PROPMALE > mandela is , and chances are they won't even know . 
Jakkie < PROPFIRST > ripped my < PROPFIRST > malloy sticker DX 
honor with < PROPFEMALE > , loyalty with love , disloyalty with vengance . 
what do you do when all of your strength goes to putting on the facade ? when everything you are is committed to being someone else ? when you have nothing to give to fix yourself ? you do not see because you are not allowed to . perhaps one day the dam will break , the walls will come down , and you will know . 
I am Hardy , as tough as bark , \ 
I am fast , I am strong , I am the dark 
if nowhere else ... i am master of my own mind . i think . 
sometimes i ask myself ... is it worth it to fight for something worthwhile , even when i know i'm going to lose ? or should i just fight the fights i know i can win ? 
it's so much easier talking to myself sometimes . i'm always right , i never argue , and my jokes are always funny . sometimes i still have awkward moments though =/ 
the sad thing is , if i fell right now , not one person in this whole world would catch me . 
your forebears were wise to set aside their compassion . steel themselves for what ... needed to be done . i see now why they left you behind . you were weak . gods must be strong . 
who lives in a pineapple under the sea ? spongebob squarepants ! \ 
who died in an oil spill because of bp ? spongebob squarepants ! 
it's not in the way that you look , or the things that you say that you do ! \ 
hold the line ! 
sometimes life makes me think of those movie scenes when the hero gets shot eighty bajillion times but does something impossible even when you HAVEN'T been shot . 
They say that true friends can go long periods of time without speaking & never question your friendship . This type of friend picks up like they just spoke yesterday , regardless of how long it's been . They understand that life's busy but , that you'll always love them ! Copy & paste if you're blessed to have at least one of these friends . 
you once asked me if i would die for you . and , without question , i told you the answer was yes . i promised you i would if it meant you'd live . and because i failed you , you are no longer here . but now , looking back on it , i think it's because i didn't really mean it , i just didn't have the self respect to say so . burn in hell you bastard . 
that street fair was a great way to meet people . I met < PROPFIRST > Malloy last week , < PROPMALE > Blumenthal today . also chatted up the mayor and < PROPFIRST > Caligiuri today . got pictures ! 
today a california church court condemned a priest for marrying sixteen couples during the time when same sex marriage was legal . it's times like these when i just loooooove < PROPFEMALE > . at the same time the same panel also stated that it needed to reexamine it's own fear and ignorance . then do it , don't talk about it . 
love is not simple . love is not complex . love is not easy , but it's not difficult either . love is the greatest feeling in the world , but also the worst . love is kind and gentle , but love hurts doesn't it ? love is nothing , it simply is , so why does everybody try to figure it out ? 
for every moment of truth , there's confusion in life . love can be seen as the answer , but nobody bleeds for the dancer . 
after everything i've done to escape you , to move on , you choose NOW to come looking for me . no , you send someone else to do it for you . and I went for it . 
I . AM . TRUTH ! THE VOICE OF THE COVENANT !!! 
ask no questions and thou wilt hear no lies , but ye shall know no truths . 
made an important connection today :P after all , it's not who you are , it's who you know , or in this case , who wants in your pants ;) 
for better or for worse , whether you asked or not , if i call you friend , i will stand with you , always . 
it's been a long time , and after all that , I still love you . and now I know that you love me too , I am invincible . I have something to fight for again . Failure is no longer an option . I love you boy , and I don't care who the fuck knows it . 
is planning an LGBT all nighter at DNA ! hit me up if you're interested !!! 
when i'm with you , time slows down and speeds up at the same time . my mind races yet i'm calm . I smile all the time when I think of you . you're more to me than you or I could ever know . I love you Itoshii Hito . 
the time has come at last ! ( secret secret , i've got a secret ) to throw away this mask ! ( secret secret , i've got a secret ) now everyone can see ! ( secret secret , i've got a secret ) my true identity ! 
i may disagree , but if that is your final say , i shall bend to your will 
i'm not a hero ! i'm not a saviour ! forget what you know ! i'm just a man whose , circumstances , went beyond his control ! 
I used to be one of those ignorant selfish teens who thought my life was the worst . then I met people with REAL problems and realized how pathetic mine were in comparison . 
is extremely happy 
has a sticker that fell out of a where's < PROPMALE > book of < PROPMALE > and lady < PROPMALE > sixty-nining ! 
if you'll excuse an expression i use i'm in love i'm in love i'm in love i'm in love i'm in love with a wonderful guy !!! 
the next person to be like \wtf long distance\ " is gonna get torn down " 
mandatory drug testing for social welfare programs , yea or nay ? 
is finally content with his life , mostly anyway 
needs to learn a second language and wants his itoshii to teach him 
loves his itoshii so much it's unbelievable . you make me so happy . i'll always love you ^.^ 
\i've simply no time at present for imbeciles and fools . i've not the centuries of time or endless < PROPFEMALE > to explain anything to you . \ " << greatest quote ever ! " 
might go see the president endorse atty . gen . Blumenthal if i can get excused from school , and get a recommendation . 
i hate school , can't wait ' til it's over and i can move forward 
had a good day with < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPMALE > . the shop crew :) now if only Ashen would move it and move then things would be perfect . 
all of the skill in the world is nothing in the face of those odds . but we did it anyway , and we won . 
I just spent FORTY MINUTES in < PROPMALE>'s closet hiding . shit that was horrible , now i know what being in the closet is really like XD 
don't let go and i'll hold you up for as long as it takes 
meeting today at five , then i'm not sure . anyone wanna do somethin' ? 
you had best un-fuck yourself or I will un-screw your head and shit down your neck ! 
now ho < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > is a son of a bitch ! got the blue balls , krabs , and the seven year itch ! 
drop your cocks and grab your socks ladies ! 
you'd best wipe that grin off of your face , private pile , or i will gouge out your eyes and skull-fuck you ! 
do none of you disgusting , self-serving cretins want me to be happy ? go to hell . now I know who my REAL friends are . 
9/11/2001 ... hard to believe it was nine years ago . I still remember that day . the tears , the anger . a day that i think , perhaps changed the world . now , here again at odds with the Muslim world over a mosque and a burning book , remember that this is a country of freedom , love , tolerance . remember what happened that day , yes , but remember who we are as Americans . 
I have made few promises in my time , but i'll be damned if I haven't kept each and every one of them . 
i hate that you're so far away . i hate some of the things you do . i hate some of the people you associate with . but i love you . and that's all that really matters , isn't it . 
let's compare scars . i'll who you whose are worse . 
is it so difficult for people to be pleasant these days ? 
smile chief , while we still got somethin ' to smile about 
Is totally , completely , 100% , without a doubt , in love with Ashen Rosenthal forever and always 
If you ask , I will answer without question . I kneel to your command , bend to your will . bound by honor and oath , your every command is my duty . 
is it wrong to hit on freshmen ? 
i'm rude and inconsiderate at times . i'm quick to anger . i say a lot of stupid and mean things . i'm crazy . sometimes I even take you for granted . I'm insecure and selfish , and more dramatic than a thirteen year old girl . after all that you stick around , so among all those things , i'm also yours . <3 
I do damned good work , but don't fuck with me 
I have broken people before . I have been broken myself , once . it's easy for someone like me . what makes you any different ? 
Army Regulation 635-200 section 2 chapter 15 : discharge for homosexual conduct . \ 
\ 
appatently being willing to serve isn't enough . oh well , I guess uncle < PROPFIRST > doesn't need me ;) 
so I have come to the conclusion that this new chef is pretty kick-ass and I intend to learn more from him than i have in my previous years in culinary combined . I did so much today that I can't remember it all , and I actually enjoyed the work . imagine that ... 
if you would ask anything of me , take it now . I know not how long I will be able to answer . 
is it bad if the first things I think when somebody says i'm cure are \are you high\ " and \ " what do you want ? \"" 
you wanna piece ' o me boy ? 
you forget , i've always been better at the game than you are . that's why you used to rage quit ^.^ 
\only call us if it's an emergency\ " \ " well only take my money if you're putting out a fire \"" 
if I died tonight , what would y'all say at my funeral ? ( this is assuming that you are asked to speak of course ) 
no matter how much I wash them ( which is a lot ) ever since shop started , my hands smell like vegetables -.-* 
I love you to death , but if you fuck with me too much more then i'm going to flip 
you do whatever you want to me and i just sit there and take it . if i did half of what you do , you'd dump me in a second . remember that . 
wishes something would go right for him 
is playing the original starcraft 
our lives for ire 
seven days , you promised ^.^ 
semper vigilans 
Is confused waay too often lately 
what is this country coming to ... 
i can't wait to get old , i'll have an excuse for being crazy 
needs to find a ride to get to new haven on sunday to see < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > blumenthal 
soo ... I have come to the conclusion that stupidity is in fact a disease . after all , for something to be a disease , it needs to do things like be infectious and kill people , and people die because of stupidity all the time , right ? 
is trying to decide his favourite bolt action ... karabiner ' 98 , Carcano , Enfield , Arisaka model 1898 , mauser , springfield , so many to choose from ... T.T 
do exactly as I tell you and everything will be fine 
I am extremely pissed now . because my bitch mother wouldn't drive me , I couldn't find a ride to new haven for sunday's blumenthal/clinton rally . fuck . this . game . 
there is no need to be fearful if one is mindful 
I am so tired that i'm incapable of saying what I mean T.T I had to check this status three times to make sure it said what i wanted 
everybody gets one 
the technocratic beaurocratic people's social democratic republic of the United States of < PROPFEMALE > . who's with me ? 
the outcome will remain the same , no matter the obstacle . the only thing that will change will be the cost . be sure you're prepared to pay up . 
Vaginas are a myth , just like Canada 
today was a bit surreal ... 
I think someone should make plans with me ^.^ 
soo ... i HATE people who use \q\ " as \ " g\ " they're separate letters for a reason retards " 
\this here is 66 tons of 90 mm deevine intervention\ " - sgt . Black guy . he will be missed T.T " 
i often wonder if it is possible to be in love with more than one person at a time ... 
tomorrow ... is going to be a great day 
today wasn't all that bad , even though it rained . < PROPMALE > out with a cute boy today ^.^ 
knife 236 bearing 140 angels four 
double standards and hypocrites ... * spits * 
I wish for something ... i don't know what , or why , i just do . 
I wish , for once , someone would offer me something . i grow tired of being a statue , a stepping stone . i am not invincible . 
several hours of d&d today with cool peoples ! 
today was okay at first ... ended terrible . got shot down , nothing new there , business as usual ... sometimes i wonder if it wouldn't be worth it to give into the craziness that's always there . i wish i had no emotions ... i've decided to cut myself off , i'm tired of getting hurt . don't talk to me unless you know you can help . 
FIRST registration opened noon today ! 
Children with special needs only want what we all want - to be accepted . Can I \ 
make a request of anyone willing to post this and leave it on your status for at least an hour ? It is Special Education week , and this is in honour of all children who learn a little differently . 
yes , burn ! into the fire ! you will be cleansed , vermin ! 
M-I-C-K-E-Y M-O-U-S-E we play fair and we work hard and we're in < PROPFEMALE > M-I-C-K-E-Y M-O-U-S-E < PROPFIRST > mouse ( < PROPFIRST > mouse ! ) < PROPFIRST > mouse ( < PROPFIRST > mouse ? ) forever let us hold our banner high high high high ! 
down by the river , where we took a little walk . ran into < PROPFEMALE > , and we had a little talk . we pushed ' em , we shoved ' em , we threw ' em in the river , and laughed as they drowned . we don't need no commies , hangin ' around 
fucked up my knee today chasing < PROPFIRST > Matthews at the competition . * sigh * hello crutches and pills X.X 
broken kneecap ... crutches , knee brace , probably physical therapy ... on the plus side , no gym for at least 6 weeks and a pack bitch to < PROPFEMALE > my stuff at school ! 
72 cc of blood in my knee ... wtf 
just realized that Russian Tank divisions still occupy the republic of < PROPFEMALE > , South Ossettia province . why aren't we fighting THAT war ? oh wait ... there's nothing in it for us . 
has tickets to the gubernatorial debate on the 25th 
facebook chat is a filthy cunt and won't show up 
I hear ya callin'! a callin ' to me ! o < PROPFEMALE > of battle ! Airborne infantry ! 
R.I.P. Asher 
I just lost ( no , not the game , which you all just lost ) to < PROPMALE > Giroux 
i want a pet ghost 
yeah , i am just that good . 
to all Nobel Prize winners , past and present : I would would like to thank you for what you have done . without you our world wouldn't be the same , there would be no light in the darkness 
instead of giving up on humanity , commit to making a difference , changing lives . be that beacon of hope so many long for . that dream is what gets me through the day . 
i absolutely hate being incapacitated , i can't do anything i want to do . walking two blocks kills me , and i am forced to rely on my mother to drive me . furthermore , i may very well be developing a slight addiction to my vicodin ... so now i have to cut back just in case . joy ... 
had a great day today ^.^ 
Don't anger your alarm clock . They will ruin your life . 
look around you . look at everything . look at roads , buildings , cars . look at electronics , a light switch , a bed . all of those things you see that aren't plants , dirt , and animals were imagined by someone . someone whose idea might've seemed impossible at first . follow your heart , mind , and dreams and let them take you where you want to be . you could very well change the world . 
today was awesome ^.^ 
physical therapy three times a week -.- yay 
you know what I hate ? Idiots that make no effort to spell properly or use proper grammar . 
we made the most bitchin ' three course meal today ^.^ 
is no longer a < PROPMALE > horror show virgin 
according to our station , all without exception 
no school tomorrow mwahahahahahaha 
has decided to master use of < PROPFIRST>'s rules for his own profit 
www.formspring.me/ifonlyitwaseasy ask me something 
It : \why are you wearing a scarf Ed ? \ " Me : \ " why not ? \ " Bystander : \ " it's for the gay teenagers that committed suicide\ " It : \ " oh . why'd the homos kill themselves ? \ " \ 
has decided to write a book on issues facing < PROPFEMALE > today . a revolutionary idea for such a book , as well . something un-biased , factual , objective , and pragmatic . wish me luck ! 
you know what I hate ? thinking someone might be at least mildly intellectually stimulating only to find out that they are in fact idiots . such a let down . 
I often wonder if people realize that there are Nations other than the United States on this planet . don't get me wrong , I love < PROPFEMALE > , I believe in < PROPFEMALE > , but I also realize that there are other nations out there . this is a global economy , a diverse and complicated world , especially as we become more connected . maybe it's time to open our eyes . 
\let's see how much you hate cops when your house gets broken into\ " \ " you know what ? if there's a burgler in my house it's going to take the cops five to ten minutes to get there . by that time that burgler's gone and i'm probably dead on the floor riddled with bullet holes . \"" 
solve world hunger ; eat the hungry 
debate tonight ! so pumped ! still have one extra ticket , lemme know if anyone wants to go . 
blood is just red sweat 
tonight was great . met some cool people ( young democrats ) and had a great time . Mr. Malloy , as usual , did not fail to impress . Mr. Foley on the other hand ... well let's just say I know how to pick ' em . 
i'm not a member of an organized political party , i'm a democrat 
wonders if it's bad for people to become mindless killing machines * cough * < PROPFIRST > * cough * 
checking out NCCC tonight ^.^ 
NCCC seems like a great fit for me . a relatively inexperienced student government ( meaning someone enthusiastic about politics such as myself will do well ) , a good financial aid program for an already inexpensive school , and a seamless transfer to uconn or any CSU for the last two years . 
saw < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > today , actually understood most of what went on . 
on the blood of our fathers , on the blood of our sons . let not such be shed in vain . 
Quid sum miser tunc dicturus ? what shall i , frail man , be pleading ? \ 
Quem patronum rogaturus , who for me be interceding , \ 
Cum vix iustus sit securus ? when the just are mercy needing ? 
I let the people I \care\ " about get away with way too much ... " 
More weight is added . No matter . I shift my shoulders and stoop a little lower . I only wonder how long before I collapse from the weight of it all . 
apparently , I rate rather low on peoples ' priority lists , especially for those whom I shouldn't ... 
Tomorrow is Election day . everyone get out to vote , and encourage your friends and family as well . good luck to < PROPFIRST > Blumenthal , < PROPFIRST > Malloy , Congressman < PROPFIRST > Murphy , and < PROPFEMALE > Cook . all great candidates and great people , I can't wait to see you all in office . 
well ... In CT things went rather well . everyone but < PROPFIRST > Malloy and O'brien on my list won , and it looks as though Malloy might pull through okay too . thanks to everyone who voted . 
oro supplex et acclinis , cor contritum quasi cinis , gere curam mei finis 
Japan vs . Russia , wonder how that's going to work out ? Japan should give up now . 
nobody fights wars anymore except the U.S. ... why would that be ? because we do it for them . makes all kinds of sense doesn't it ? 
low I kneel , with heart submission\ 
see like ashes , my contrition ;\ 
help me in my last condition . 
Congratulations to Mr. < PROPFIRST > Malloy , unofficially officially the Governor Elect of Connecticut . 
can one be elected mayor at seventeen ? 
why do we all martyr ourselves , in all that we do ? just some food for thought . 
you are , all of you , vermin , cowering in the dirt thinking , what , I wonder . 
hanging out with my awesome nerd brethren tonight <3 
burn in the everlasting fire of your eternal vice 
sometimes , oftentimes one could argue , it is more beneficial to cut your losses and redirect your efforts elsewhere , than to piss them away on a lost cause . don't you agree ? 
now the gate has been unlatched , headstones pushed aside . corpses shift and offer room , a fate you must abide . 
a lot of things , they just haunt you . you can't escape them , you don't forget them , and they don't fade . they're always there , hovering over you like a pervasive cloud . 
< PROPMALE > Foley conceded today , finally . arrogant jackass , I hope he knows he's committed political suicide by waiting this long . 
found my ipod ... at least my mother didn't run over it like she did my headphones 
you know ... nowadays people ALL complain about stupidity , EVERYONE thinks that they hate every other human on earth and all the emotions that come with it , and EVERYONE hates drama , even if they cause it . it's like a fad , soon hating everything will go out of style , then just we original \we hate everything\ " people will be left . " 
today is the 235th anniversary of the USMC people , pay your respects . \the USMC : providing the opportunity for the enemies of < PROPFEMALE > to die since 1775 \"" 
well ... off to < PROPMALE>'s for the night ^.^ 
they volunteered their time , so you could have the freedom to do with yours what you will . they volunteered their bodies and minds , so yours may remain secure . some of them , well they gave their lives so that you can keep yours . today is THEIR day , so if you speak to a veteran , shake their hand and say thank you . you should be damned proud , I know I am . 
< PROPMALE>'s first law : an object in motion stays in motion until acted upon by another force . don't pee in space , you're ruining somebody's day somewhere sometime . 
If you were in my head , heh , well we'll see how long you last . 
I have nothing , if not my mind . I am nothing , without the ambition to use it . there is nothing else but business and gain . there is no emotion , there is no life , nothing but what is tangible . 
today was shitty , though the evening was better . I think tomorrow's lined up to be worse than today though ... anybody wanna do something ? or am I just going to end up at dna ... like usual . 
I'm a rather bland , unexciting person , aren't I ? 
they say Justice is blind ... now I know why the court fucks up so often . 
who < PROPMALE > thou , to pass judgment upon man , as though he were naught more than a simple plaything ? who < PROPMALE > thou to look upon such as I with disdain , knowing not why you do so . who < PROPMALE > thou ? answer for me that question , before you do such things as require the answer . 
stand tall , stand strong , stand proud as though you were an iron adonis off to war . stand , in all of your beauty , before all of the world , pure and just as a newborn . see how far that gets you . those who fight fair never win . 
this is our reward . this is our curse . it is a fight where the only goal is survival . 
listening to our interview with < PROPMALE > about Vietnam ... is it odd that I enjoy it ? 
be at peace , child . take a moment , calm down , rationalize . nothing is ever as difficult as it may seem . be at peace , child . 
move forward inexorably , never falter , nor give ever to your enemies even a fleeting < PROPMALE > to oppose you . 
keep it clean and tight ;) 
so ... I think the word \Praetor\ " sounds more badass than \ " Governor \"" 
for failure such as this , no punishment is too great . 
woo ... six < PROPFEMALE > essay for being injured for gym , physics poster , ten essay questions on a book I haven't read for english , aaaannnnd a math packet to finish ... guess who's not sleeping tonight . that's right , this guy . 
I might seem erratic , but I can assure you there's a method to almost everything that I do and say . 
I can't help but think of how many times i've told someone everything will be okay , and then it wasn't . 
if you think about it ... depending on circumstance , a large dose of epinephrine can be a fix-it akin to duct tape >.> 
the problem with modern combat tactics : they aren't adapted to conventional or guerilla warfare , they're a hybrid of both . 
my birthday's tomorrow ... if anyone wants to do something then or something bigger friday night into saturday let me know . 
this birthday is playing out like a rather average day actually 
make me smile ? it's my birthday after all ... 
you want me to fight for people I don't know , against an enemy nobody's ever bested , by means no one has ever survived ? i'm in . 
there are few things i'd do anything for . you ? you are one of them . 
is tired of being led on and cut loose . happens often , doesn't it ? it's always the same . I like them , they like me , then they change their mind for no reason . every time , every guy , without fail . 
now tell me all about your pain , down to the detail . now don't say it's love , your fragile heart feeds my contempt . 
http://www.formspring.me/ifonlyitwaseasy someone should ask me something >.> 
oftentimes , change takes place slowly . think of evolution , or the inner workings of a beaurocracy . occasionally , however , change makes a great leap , be it backward or forward . think of the collapse of the romans , the bubonic plague , or the development of nuclear weaponry . I get the feeling that we are currently living during one of those great leaps . let's make sure it's for the better this time around . 
this is the world we live in , and these are the hands we're given . stand up and let's start trying to make this a place worth fighting for . 
If I told you i'd be dead in 24 hours , how would you react ? 
< PROPFIRST > Zandi , chief economist at Moody's Analytics , calculated that when higher earners get an extra dollar of after-tax income , they spend just 40 cents of it . Middle-income Americans spend 66 cents . The poor spend almost all of it . HA ! eat it reaganomics supporters , the < PROPMALE > spend less on the dollar . 
turn the beat around ;) ... ' twas a good day , would've been better if < PROPMALE > Girouxhadn't leeched so much money off of me >.> 
aaah < PROPMALE > , secretly murdering innocent scientists for no reason since November , 2010 . 
you could take me higher , so you said and I trusted you . I may be a liar , but betrayal lies on you . 
we must face the fact that the United States is neither omnipotent nor omniscient , ... that we cannot impose our will upon ... mankind , that we cannot right every wrong or reverse each adversity , and that therefore there cannot be an American solution to every world problem 
it's good to know that , after all this , you still think of me as Itoshii hito . some things never change . 
time halts for no man . change is the law of life . those who live only in the past or present , are certain to miss the future . 
ATTENTION ALL OWTS STUDENTS : over the next few days I will be collecting signatures against Mr. Axon to be submitted to state elected and state education officials along with a letter detailing precisely why Mr. Axon should NOT be principal anymore . 
STUDENTS OF OWTS : if you want to make your voice heard , if you want your opinion to count for something , if you want to be a part of something , if you want to speak out against Axon , come see me in the morning at the first table in the cafeteria seven o'clock until homeroom 
guess who's having chips and nutty bars for dinner . that's right , this guy . 
wikileaks ... how can people condone nations such as the United States bringing their policies on freedom of expression into line with those of < PROPFEMALE > ? the international community is moving to censor freedom of press , speech , and expression , and nobody is doing anything about it . not even the U.S. I guess \democracy\ " and \ " freedom\ " only matter when we make money off of it . " 
Anybody know exactly what happened on water street today ? I'm hearing an off-duty cop was murdered . 
the walking dead <3 
today I had two teeth pulled the roots alone were a bit more than an inch long , roughly at the base of my nose . seven shots of painkillers on the left and six on the right , I still felt it . a lot . good thing I have vicodin left over ... 
has lost copious amounts of blood 
it's always easy to destroy a bridge , burn it or destroy the supports . it takes an extremely small amount of time . it's always easy to close a door , just push it a little . what's not as easy is building a bridge , it takes months , if not years . it takes time to open a locked door without the key . 
I miss the days ... 
lunch time , even though I ate breakfast an hour ago ... 
Christiano Ronaldo is considered to be the most annoying soccer player out there by top referees , including the one who was head ref at several of this year's champions league games . told you so . 
sure mom , I totally wanted you to call me worthless trash and kick me out . I totally wanted you to try locking me out , and I most definitely wanted you to call me a selfish asshole when I walked in . <--- good parenting skills right there . 
< PROPFIRST > Phelps needs to give me his shirt 
setting up for christmas by myself ... wouldn't be surprised if i've got to cook dinner christmas day either . 
alright i'm giving in . i'll do this number thing I suppose , y'all know the rules . 
2 : we used to be really good friends and you're still a pretty cool kid to talk to . I enjoy making fun of people with you in the back of kiszka's class and \sharing\ " answers with you . your mom STILL says hello to me after all these years :) " 
3340 : I remember you from all those years ago when you lived on Beechwood ave . you were always different but really nice . I remember when < PROPFIRST > michaud almost kicked your ass and I stopped him . I don't think you liked me much your freshman and sophmore years , and i'm not sure why , but I think we're cool now so it's all good . you're quite the brave person , it DOES take a lot to be different . 
123 : sometimes you're a bit odd , but that's what makes you cool . I miss most of your group in shop , especially compared to the ones last year . you live around the corner from me , so we should do some gaming like we used to . come visit us in the restaurant next time we're in shop . 
69 : you would pick this number ... you're a great person and I'll always remember you , for reasons i'm certain you'll understand . I enjoy how we still talk sometimes , and I regret our falling out , but what's done is done . you're extremely smart and you know what you want , so reach for the stars , i'm absolutely sure you won't miss . 
17 : you're a great friend to me , even if we rarely talk anymore . you've got a lot going for you and i'm excited to see you take it and run . sometimes you make what i'd see as poor decisions , but they're yours to make and sometimes you prove me wrong . you're one of the smartest people I know , we should < PROPFEMALE > out more . 
13 : first off , i'd like to say that without you shop wouldn't be nearly as clean and organized XD ... that being said , you're a great friend . we've had our ups and downs and i'm pretty sure your mother hates my guts . what's happened has happened and i'm glad be can still talk to each other and work together . I can't wait to see some of your baked creations after < PROPMALE > . 
554556 : I don't know you incredibly well , but it's fun to < PROPFEMALE > out with you and talk about hot guys we know/want . of course , it's also fun to make fun of people we hate XD we should definitely < PROPFEMALE > out more next time you're in torrington . 
42 : you're one of my nerd buddies . I enjoy hanging out with you , you're a pretty fun guy . I think you could do some pretty awesome stuff with your hair and style if your dad would let you . i'm sorry I shot you in the eye with a BB while you were playing black ops . 
420 : this is the perfect number for you , I must say . you're one of the most awesome people i've met in quite some time . one confession , I often don't know when you're high and when you're not , just to let you know . we should < PROPFEMALE > out sometime soon considering you have no life . 
74 : taking my number ? you whore . you're like my gigantic older brother/bodyguard . you're always there for me and I for you when it's necessary , otherwise we're at each others ' throats most of the time . I really do love you like a brother , and you're a great person , if a bit lazy . p.s. you need to give kotor 2 back to < PROPMALE > so he'll give me fable 3 . 
1357 : I don't know you very well at all but i'm glad that you confided one of your secrets in me . I hope you'll be comfortable with yourself enough soon to be open about it . always be true to yourself first , remember that . 
I will provide the means , but you must provide the will . I will provide the will , but you must provide the means . neither of us is strong enough alone , yet together we will be invincible . 
21 : you're an enigma to me . you go against the grain in almost every way and I love you for it . you're steady , calm , and intelligent , if a bit quiet . even though you're often in the background , things would never be the same without you . I wish you would talk a little more sometimes . you're beautiful in a manly kind of way . 
127 : you're one of my card bros ! it's fun hanging out with you when you're around , so come around more often . you STILL have to take us with you for a night of paranormal investigating sometime soon ! 
884 : I used to just lump you together with those other shop bitches until I realized you weren't like them . you're really sweet and fun to be around , if a little hyper . i'll never forget our conversations about \him\ " or when you were fucking wasted in shop and chef didn't even notice . " 
89 1/2 : i'm pretty sure I did one of these for you already but fb didn't post it I guess ... you're another of my card buddies . it's great fun playing all the different games and I wish you'd come back to D&D . without you i'd never know card values . your dad makes the most bitchin ' pizza ever . 
616 : there's so much to say . I love you , first of all , and I always will . you mean so much to me , you have no idea . you've always been there when I needed someone who cared . you're such a unique person , you've been through so much , but you're back on your feet . you'll always be my itoshii , that'll never change . there's so much more , but i'm running out of room . 
why oh why don't people just listen to me ? 
I need money 
it must be with a heavy heart that we send our youth to lands unknown , knowing full well that their intent must be , for our sake , none other than to kill , maim , and destroy our enemies , for that is what our enemies intend to do to us . if we do not realize what we have done , we are no better than the very enemies we seek to destroy . 
checking out the register citizen's new cafe newsroom thingy , pretty nice . of course , letting me use fb is getting them bonus points 
I want to learn latin 
tron legacy was pretty bitchin ' 
doing absofuckinglutely nothing today other than dna , which is of course what I do when there's nothing else to do . fml . 
falling back to tertiary defensive positions 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > AKA queefy the swashbuckling wublet is over , he locked himself out 
we are not measured by our few successes , but by the number of failures before we got to the succeeding . 
http://www.formspring.me/EdwardCorey someone should ask me something ! 
we are often surprised at how far a simple thought or idea becomes a dream , and at just how far it takes us . 
i'm evil , but y'all didn't know though , now you're stuck with a president y'all didn't vote for . unemployment is up , the economy's in a ditch , our country's at war but I don't give a shit i'm < PROPMALE > . aah , JWB ... 
I needs a cute boy 
I didn't know who you were or anything about you . and now , i'll never get the < PROPMALE > . you were young , had a whole life ahead of you . and now , it's gone in an instant . if you were religious , may your god give peace unto you , your friends , and your family . 
finally winter break !!! 
people are so ... self-destructive 
canada is what you get when you put french people in the woods 
is waiting for fox news to talk some shit about President Obama's christmas vacation as costing more than the federal deficit each day . 
life is such an elegant dance 
someone come last minute shopping with me ! 
is now in posession of a T-shirt that says \Republicans : the other white meat \"" 
someone tell me what's so wrong with the social democratic party 
how many times can someone \fall in love\ " in two months ? get over yourselves . " 
I do so try to be thought provoking 
PETA is just gangsters with hard-ons for nature 
quality is so rare in humans these days 
I wonder if you realize quite how much I care . maybe it's because i'm one of few who do , maybe it's because YOU don't care . whatever the reason , you're asleep , and you need to wake the fuck up . 
the game has changed 
plans are moving forward nicely 
I was sick yesterday , I even left school early , which I never do 
may very well be homeless within a few months ... yay . 
we may get to keep our place until december , the lease agreement appears to be airtight . i'm unsure for the moment , though . 
the ONLY legal way for her to break our lease : move in a family member and kick us out . no worries , we've got a new place , it's bigger and nicer than our current one . 
today was one big clusterfuck ... doesn't look better in the days ahead . ah well , gung ho and all that . 
too many problems , not enough solutions . time to prioritize . 
fall into line , you are as all the rest . you will submit , or you will break , as all the rest . 
if anyone knows if it's shop or academics on monday , please let me know which A.S.A.P. 
tell me of the shattered remains you left behind . tell me of the pieces you < PROPFEMALE > with you , tell me of the consumed 
the ability to reason seems to be suffering from rapid generational decay . ( in other words : kids these days ) 
touch me , i'll gut you . touch him , i'll do to you worse than any words can describe . decisions decisions . 
i'm a trooper . worked all day at robotics , still there . my mother has the audacity to be pissed off at me for having commitments to things like that . some people .. they're just imbecilic . 
stand and deliver 
guess who's having spicy chicken for dinner . SCORE !!! 
looks like southern sudan will soon be a new nation . best of luck to all of them , they'll need it . 
where was your god when your neighbour's house burned ? where was your god when the child down the street was struck and killed on his bike ? where was your god when that cop was shot in the parking lot ? wherever he was then , he's sure to be when YOU need something . 
touch the lives of many , and you may yet leave an impression on a few 
this is some fucked up repugnant shit 
I love when people tell me what my sexual orientation is ... I always lol 
shoveled at < PROPMALE>'s , maybe hanging out with peoples later 
If I extend to you my hand , will you take it ? that is the question I am perpetually asking . 
wham bam thank you ma'am! 
I want a dog ... I will name him quintus and he shall eat people for me . his tag will say \wublet \"" 
I'M TIRED ! 
tell me what I want to hear , whisper it into my ear , lie to me , just give me solace 
today ... I dumped hot oil on my right hand . lots of it . the next few days are gonna be soooo fun ! good thing I can kind of use my right hand , or i'd be screwed , my left one is helpless . 
UPDATE : I have acquired aid from a doctor , I will be fine within a few days . except the second degree burns ... maybe a week for those . 
omegle is my new friend 
they are the righteous , champions of the just . but who now stands for them ? the just they serve ? no , they stand alone , abandoned , sentinels of a lifeless ungrateful master , bound by honour , consumed by hatred . 
the day will come when you are no longer protected by your title 
legislative bullshit , that's what my mother has arbitrarily titled my career choice . thanks for the confidence mom . 
I do damned good work , just don't fuck with me . 
bed and all that wot 
the world is shaking , the walls are breaking , power is yours for the taking . are you there to sieze it , or will you falter like all the rest ? 
well ... off to robotics . woo . 
don't be such an irrational jackass , it's unbecoming 
I need a job ASAP if anybody knows of any openings anywhere please tell me . i'll do anything to not end up homeless . it's extremely important . thanks in advance . 
why is it always me ? is it because I refuse to break ? 
I need something to do , make plans with me someone , before I die of boredom 
raping a hooker is theft 
Like My Status For A Report Card :\ 
Style :\ 
Personality :\ 
Funniness :\ 
Cuteness :\ 
... Sweetness :\ 
Teachers note :\ 
Teachers note : 
dear Oreo Corporation , \ 
you have no idea how important you are to me , please always stay in business . \ 
love , < PROPMALE > 
Hu Jintao , President of the People's Democratic Republic of < PROPFEMALE > , is beginning his official visit to the United States today . let's hope President Obama can avoid insulting him as much as Former President < PROPFIRST > W . Bush did . 
I hate that the new profile doesn't show my links for easy access 
Non confractus concedere non vinci . Stabo et pugna ad ultimam . Volo videre te coram me mori optime video me . 
my eye will NOT stop twitching T.T 
so today the United States and < PROPFEMALE > , the two world superpowers , took a very important step toward cooperation in advancing mutual interests . so far President Obama has done pretty well , hope the state dinner tonight is a home run . 
off to dna * skips happily down icy road * 
oh < PROPFEMALE > 419 , how I loved you ! you took me to all sorts of excitingly deadly places . ( to those of you who get this reference , like this if you agree ) 
I have too many wublets 
here we go , on the move , in the groove , here we go ! all the way , every day , every way ! hua ! haha ! 
ATTENTION ERRBODY : I will now begin to address everyone by their rightful prefix and their last name . for example I would be \ Mr. Corey . \"" 
I want a < PROPFEMALE > who I shall name Colonel < PROPMALE > Toritomo . 
off to bed so i'm not as fucked as the rest of you if we have school 
robotics then wublet's house 
I like to think i'm a practical , down to earth , rational person , yes ? 
until my dying breath I will do what I can . nobody deserves to go without someone to help them , ever . 
like this if you're glad you met me :) post this as your status and see how many likes you get . 
shall such grace be vainly brought me ? 
teach me how to have fun ? 
war ? war is inevitable . it happens with little provocation . peace ? peace is fickle , it requires coaxing and work , something we humans seem to do poorly . 
* sigh * if only everyone just did what I told them . 
So now it ends . How ... deliciously interesting , I must say ; and as of late , it takes a lot to pique my interest . what else is there after all ? knowledge is everything . you know what they say , knowledge is power , yes ? 
is currently preparing a scathing open letter to our illustrious speaker of the house . standby for facebook publishing . 
I totally just saw an ad for < PROPFEMALE > on T.V. .... it was literally just for < PROPFEMALE > . 
sight ? what use have I of sight ? what we see constantly decieves us , what we have seen constantly haunts us , and what we will see constantly eludes us . 
off to robotics . woo . then off to dna . then ... home I guess . 
at wublet's house 
I am NEVER playing a game with < PROPFIRST > Sorensen ever again 
\war is nothing more than a product of human vanity\ " - < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > " 
it's too late to salvage it all , but of course i'll try and fail anyway . 
how ... unfortunate . ah well , we will endure as we ever have . 
be my friend ? 
life update : perhaps there is yet a < PROPMALE > 
i'm not Jewish . I just have a big nose and like money . 
\what do you usually do when i'm gone ? \ " \ " wait for you to come back \"" 
save me from myself , I beg you . 
I sit here idly by as my world collapses around me . what should I do ? laugh ? cry ? dance ? I honestly don't know . maybe i'll just ... watch it all burn . not much else to do eh ? 
white boys have no ass : c 
i've seen enough suffering for a while 
they can't all be winners I suppose 
inbox me a number with a question , i'll totally answer it . note : if it's disgusting you'll just get witty sarcasm ;D 
12340987 : I don't know you too well , but you seem okay . i'm always there to listen , you're alright . 
28 : I fucking LOVE them ! I want a house shaped like one . 
8675309 : probably ? 
117(such a nerdy number , Chief ): it was my second choice . it's also an important life skill . 
i'm hungry 
off to robotics , fun fun . 
105 : i'd do it for a solid $ 200,000 
69 : a few hundred , i've tested it ;D 
someone new should talk to me 
\nothing is your own but the few cubic centimeters inside your skull\ " - name the quotee without looking it up and you'll be mah bestest friend . " 
crack . click . < PROPFEMALE > . click clack . whoosh . crack . 
okay so on the walk home I saw four people talking on the sidewalk by the bank next to cvs . one sees me , says something quietly to the others , and their group breaks up . three of them , two men and a woman , get in a car parked facing the road ( blocking the driveway ) and speed off . they were wearing badges ( local or fed I don't know ) but driving an unmarked silver car . intriguing stuff . 
am I truly so cold ? 
if a guy has frostbite ( black ) , bruises ( purple ) , hypothermia ( blue ) , jaundice ( yellow ) , gangreen ( green ) , and is bleeding ( red ) , would people call him gay because he's rainbow coloured ? 
anybody know what's going on on main street in torrington ? seven officers and a supervisor placed at three spots within a mile looking for somebody named < PROPMALE > . any further info would be appreciated , as i'm just nosey like that . 
woke up late , so off to robotics late ; and guess what !? i'll probably be THERE until late too x.x 
I have decided that Halo : Reach mad hunters TOO hard 
when did senseless vulgarity become cool ? 
so i'm thinking i'm going to run for city council if i'm legally qualified after I graduate . thoughts ? 
you know , I wouldn't mind going to school for nine am and coming home later . i'd be okay with that . 
there are rarely excuses , there are mostly just reasons . 
* collapses into peals of insane laughter * 
some of the adverts are so tempting , I even think about clicking them . then I remember that they're adverts 
whatever happened to respect and dignity ? 
good thing having no life ends after tuesday . 
slept through my alarm and woke up drastically later than I had intended 
On Wisconson , think about this : 1933 - Hitler abolishes labour unions 
i'm just a pessimistic cynic old before my time I suppose 
my house clangs loudly every twenty minutes O_o 
I wish I could become invisible and intangible , but have coherent senses of sight and sound and a coherent mind while doing so . 
one can only do just so much patching 
now taking bets on how long it will take before a massive resource shortage and population boom result in global facism 
if only I wasn't in school ... i'd be right out there with them in Wisonsin . 
I think my motto ( and , coincidentally that of ONI ) says it all : semper vigilans 
they say it's always darkest before < PROPFEMALE > . the thing is , you never know if it's going to get darker or if the < PROPFEMALE > is right around the corner . 
I would gladly die for what I believe in , would you ? wait , don't answer that . i'd be there to take your place , for all of YOU are what I believe in . 
what would it be , to be immortal ? what I would give to know . 
so everyone knows beforehand , this really happened : when < PROPMALE > Caesar was beginning his invasion of Britain , his men refused to disembark their ships during the amphibious landing . the standard bearer of one of the legions jumped overboard , carrying his standard , and advanced alone . the legionaires jumped ship in droves to follow him ... never underestimate the power of symbols . 
' tis but a cold , cold path I have walked these last years . 
it has been nearly a year now . no end in sight . oh well ... optimism seems appropriate , if only I had any to offer . 
great event with our Governor , Dannel Malloy . stand by for a brief question and answer summary 
just take my hand , give it a < PROPMALE > 
a sacrifice is not what we had in our minds 
I abso-fucking-lutely hate it when people capitalize every word they type . 
envy : it wears a coat and hangs out in hallways 
\an agnostic is just an atheist without balls \"" 
oh , the sardonically ironic , sarcastically morbid humour of it all ! 
I will die as I have lived , for better or worse . one day , not today of course . 
what is in a name ? nothing . everything . 
ugh ... this happens every time 
my mind is the point of no return kid , you sure you want in ? 
I don't have fun like you people do . fun to me is appreciating humour while working . of course winning is fun too ^.^ 
sure . i'm the rat in the corner to you right now , but i'm going to be the guy controlling your life in the future . 
my mom is stalking our mailman as he goes down the street 
some people ... they just need a good stabbin ' 
I love the smell of burnt , charred flesh in the morning . smells like victory . 
why am I always the social stepping stone ? 
me : \thirteen year old guys today sound like little girls . \ " Julius : \ " it's cause they're bitches ! \"" 
great night , though the best part was only twenty minutes long , it was all great 
if only ... 
Operation : Hierarch under way . stand by for sit-rep 
Operation : Hierarch phase one and phase two completed . entering phase three . 
phase three of Operation : Hierarch has been completed successfully . beginning the fourth phase . 
Go to your profile . The first five friends in the sidebar are your team for the Zombie Apocalypse . How screwed are you ? Ashen Rosenthal , < PROPFIRST > T . < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > Watts , and < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > 
i'd be alright if I lost myself , so long as I found you . 
I will be your spectral guide in the troubling times ahead . I will show you the way , but you must choose the paths that open , and walk them unto their end . 
in order to truly claim victory we must go forth with the absolute conviction that we are right . to realize what the meaning of that victory is we must understand that our enemies came to face us with that very same conviction . in order to hold that victory , we must realize that we won does not mean we were right or wrong , merely victorious . 
chugged the last of our orange juice like it was liquid crack . 
wherever do people get it in their heads the notion that fucking with me is a good idea ? 
\the American taxpayers are the jews for Obama's ovens\ " - tea party protestor sign . classy right ? " 
plans made in dark rooms , officers appointed in the shadows , a whisper runs through the crowds . hope at last comes to the hopeless . 
ridiculous : worthy of ridicule 
I still have a lingering cough , but the worst is gone and i'm sure i'm not contagious . 
is waiting for things in wisconsin to go down in one of two ways : a court trial or violence . 
\scientific explanations are what scientists always come up with when they can't explain things\ " - crazy jesus lady on youtube . christianity has some great followers . " 
my stance on world news update : my heart goes out to the patriots in Libya fighting to wrest their rightful democracy from Colonel Gadhafi , particularly the commandos currently holding out on the northern coast protecting the oil from Gadhafi's troops . everyone please do anything you are able to do to ease the suffering of the Japanese people , they are in dire need of assistance . 
Former President < PROPFIRST > W . Bush speaks out against nativism and isolationism : either he's gotten a fuck of a lot smarter , or the republicans we have now are so bat-shit crazy that he looks sane in comparison . thank you amazing atheist for this genius theory . 
you see , the reason I always beat people at the game ( which you all just lost , if you play , which I happen not to anymore ) is that i've always got hidden pieces . 
I am considering organizing some sort of collection of donations for Japan , thoughts ? 
don't get high kids , you might fuck a corpse 
come with me , for I am fear incarnate boy . at my side , what have you to fear but yourself ? 
age does NOT equal automatic respect . if anything , it raises the bar . 
I feel mildly alive again , thanks to you ^.^ 
me and < PROPMALE > about deadliest warrior : \I could beat you with one hand on my < PROPMALE > and the other in your mom's crusty vag . \"" 
some people ... they need to be rigidly controlled . their speech , their actions , all of it . like my mother . she's always doing and saying things that I don't want her to or that are unnecessary , and going places she shouldn't when she shouldn't . 
the lines are drawn , we have done everything I can to prepare . now , the hard part , we wait . it's their move . 
Mother : only one of us is the parent here , and it's not you ; my response : only one of us is the rational one here , and it's not you ; Mother : .................... 
\the punishment I will deal unto you will be a thousand thousand times worse than your ' god ' could ever have dreamed of . \"" 
whalage , lose some ;D 
you know not what these eyes have seen . what these hands have touched , what they've broken . you know not where these legs have carried me , where they have yet to go . you must ask , and you may be invited in , but never assume . 
faith is hope's retarded little brother . and hope is strategy's down syndrome son . 
a nice fun but lazy weekend . I ate burger kind WAY too many times though . 
very rarely will I ever allow anyone to know all of my reasons for anything . 
some foods just smell revolting 
looks like we've found a nice place on south main , shocking for the location but great landlords and new interior . 
Things have changed in 55 years . Now , when a < PROPMALE > in a uniform asks for your papers , it's because he wants to recycle them . 
take my hand , I will fight alongside you . leave it , and you are alone . others will need me more than you . 
interesting day , to say the very least 
oh Dr. Richtofen , you're just the best . 
I am now taking bets on which arab nation is next to fall . 
everyone wave bye bye to < PROPFIRST > Harper , soon to be -former- conservative prime minister of Canada * cough * jackass * cough * 
who's off to do data entry for four hours ? that's right , this guy ! ugh ... 
Ladies and Gentlemen , there has been a change of contingency . 
the contingency is : minor transgression 
we got the keys to our new place today ... wednesday may well be my last night here . twelve years ... a lot of memories . 
oh Mandorallen , where are you now ? :/ 
whiteout x.x 
new apartment is much smaller than expected with all out stuff 
