Thanks to everyone for your warm regards and pic concerning the wedding . It truly was a dream come true . It's taken me a while to get back to facebook but I will try to be more diligent about checking it in the future . Will definitely put together a wedding album soon . Love to all !!! 

Ok , guys and dolls it's the hottness against the oldness tonight . Bring it on ladies !!! JK !!! 
Just got the wedding movie back this week . It was amazing !!! Thanks again to everyone . We love you all !! 
LETS GO DUKE !!! LETS GO DUKE !!! LETS GO DUKE !!! 
HAPPY EASTER !!! ENJOY THE BEAUTIFUL DAY !!! 
Looking forward to a relaxing weekend and hopefully building my first fire in my new fire pit . YEA !!! 
This week is taking forever !! I'm ready for the weekend . 
Sometimes I wonder if the good people ever really get a break . Or maybe they aren't meant to because they are strong enough to withstand hardship . Still everyone needs a little breathing room sometimes .... right ??? 
Everything happens for a reason , everything happens for a reason , everything happens for a reason ..... 
I will officially be married to an old man tomorrow ...... Adam turns the big 30 !!!! 
This weekend was AWESOME !!! We had such a good time spending it with our family and friends . I think that's the most people I've ever fed at one time !!! Thanks to everyone that gave me a helping hand . I couldn't have done it without you . I will also think twice about inviting everyone to bring a dessert . So much for that summer body !!! 
Just went for a walk , or got walked , with my main man .... CAESAR !!! He's such a good boy !!! 
Mowing the yard with allergies sucks !!! I feel like my eyes are going to pop out of my head . 
Going to lunch with < PROPFIRST>'s mom and grandmother today . Hope we can find a place to eat that's not overrun with RU's graduation ... 
Happy Mother's Day to all the mom's out there . Especially mine !!! 
Applied to RU today . Scary to think I'm trying to go back to school 
Going to see the Stringdusters tonight at the < PROPMALE > Theatre in Roanoke with my girl < PROPFEMALE > . SO EXCITED !!!!! 
Stringdusters are AWESOME !!! Can't wait to see them again . Hopefully in NY 
Off to Roanoke to see the fam . and then a relaxing weekend before school starts . 
homework and mowing both suck !!! When is it going to be my turn to be lazy ??? 
Got my first test today ...... a little nervous !!! 
Going to the Salem Fair with three of my favorite people tonight . Hope I can talk someone into riding a few ...... 
WHEW !!! First test of the class = 95% That deserves some celebration !!! 
Spinnakers is losing their most valued bartender tonight . :-( Nobody makes margaritas like < PROPFEMALE > J !!! They ... I mean ... she will be missed . LOL !!! 
Busy day today , work , clean , shop , cook ..... 
Great time this weekend !!! Glad everyone could make it and had a blast . I'll post pictures soon . :-) 
< PROPFEMALE > is gone and < PROPFEMALE > is sad . Busy day today so it should keep me occupied . :-( 
Playing on the computer while I listen to my big boy snore and the stringdusters somewhere in the background . Gotta love Sunday's . :-) 
Man I'm glad it rained today . I was getting tired of watering the plants every single day !!! 
Lots to do today . Last week of school is pretty crazy !!! 
Big day today . Final Exam this morning and 10 Year Class Reunion this afternoon . Should be a good day starting around 1:00 . :-) 
Going to dinner with the family tonight . Gourmet hamburgers = yum !!! 
Going to Steppin Out tonight . Should be fun but humid !!! The kind is playing this weekend too . :-) 
It's been a crazy couple of weeks . Tell me again why I thought I would have more time to get things done when I am out of school . Why isn't that working out ??? 
< PROPFIRST > is taking me on a surprise trip this weekend for my birhtday . I have no idea where we're going but I'm super excited !!! What a great guy !!! 
Weekend trip was AWESOME !!! Will be posting pictures soon . :-) 
Thanks for the B-day love everyone !!! I had a great day . :-) 
Back to school again tomorrow . A little nervous about taking a full load but we'll see how it goes .... 
This week seems like it's taken forever and it's only Tues .... ugh !! 
Relaxing with my husband of one year today . What a great day and how fast the year has flown by ! Can't wait to see what the future holds . 
Just bombed my first test of the semester along with more than half of the class . It's like she said , \make sure you study this\ " and then thought naa I'm not going to put that stuff on there . Let's just put some crap we haven't gone over AT ALL !!!! That'll teach ' em . Why did I go back to school again ??? " 
GO BOSTON COLLEGE !!! 
It's baby shower day !!! Can't wait to see all the cute stuff :-) 
Just had a perfect day at the cabin . Thanks for the wonderful time dad . WE LOVE YOU !!! 
It's almost FESTY TIME !!!! Break out the banjo's people . < PROPFEMALE>'s going campin !!! 
Jury duty is INTENSE !!!!!! 
Packing for the weekend .... or trying to anyway . Can't wait to get to the city !!!! 
On our way to < PROPFEMALE > the to NY . Can't wait to see < PROPFEMALE > J !! :-) 
Back to school . I'll be glad when Thanksgiving gets here . 
One more test then its break time baby !!! 
GO DUKE BEAT < PROPFEMALE > !!! Look for us at the game if your watching . < PROPFIRST > got tickets for christmas . Who's a good wife ???? 
Bowling with my dad tonight . Let the fun begin !!!!! 
It's the last day of freedom before class tomorrow . Too bad I have to work all day and then read a chapter of business law . Spring semester here we go . 
So glad tomorrow is Friday . I am ready for the weekend !!! 
What happened to the nice weather ? BURRR !!!! 
Apperently , Hoarders : Buried Alive aired an episode last night with some Radford folks . Did anyone catch it or know anything about it ? CRAZY !!! But I'm not surprised . 
Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day everyone !!! 
WOW !!! What a week !!! So glad it's Friday !!!! Guess who's birthday is tomorrow ???? 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY DAD !!!! Have a great day ! Love you :-) 
So glad its Friday !!! Yea !!!! 
SPRING BREAK BABY !!! WOO HOO !!!! 
