< PROPFIRST > wonders why his hair is so long ... Thus ending in a desperate battle between his right hand and his left hand , the former liking the style and the latter reaching for the scissors . 

Too much biking !!! The longest I've ever done : 50+ < PROPMALE > . I think everyone that went is has or will crash in a very short while . 
Ah quite a day . What do you do when you are trapped between a dilemma and a quandary ? Find your nothing box . Quickly . =) 
Man , there are too many people I haven't seen in ages !!! Somebody help me remember who they all are !!!! =D 
Ugh . Stupid bike broke again and I can't shift . At least things are looking good for SKH ... Man I can't believe you can get really bad allergies and asthma at the same time ... 
Therecomes a time in life when you have to let go of all the pointless dramaand the people who create it , and surround yourself with people who make you laugh so hard that you forget the bad and focus solely on the good . After all , life is too short to be anything but happy . REPOST THISIF YOU AGREE ..... 
Ahh , don't you love the feeling that when you get just enough that you think you can never get done , you take a break and think about nothing ? In fact , you're thinking about nothing so much that you just look at what you have to do and laugh , knowing that you actually have to do it =) 
Ah the fourth . What would we do without freedom ? People fight wars for it . Hah I think I'm getting deep because I'm listening to the soundtrack to Braveheart right where they win that battle . Well , cheers on the fourth ! 
We bounce through our lives like shopaholics in a store closing sale until we run out of pocket change . A dilemma . What can we do about it ? Run for dear life ... 
We should strive to be who we can be for the time we're allotted . That seems to be the best we can do . 
Dude ! It was amazing ! We broke another record today at sidewalk !! 80+ kids and they were really attentive . Last week they were crazy rowdy ! Oh well , I'm just happy that the object lesson went well ... =D 
Ah nothing like a busy day . Sometimes I get stressed out , but then I think about God . And then I wonder what people without a religion do . That just makes outreach so much more important ! 
If you believe in Jesus Christ put this in your wall . DON'T JUST IGNORE THIS because in the Bible it says that if you deny Him , He will deny you in front of His Father in the Gates of Heaven . This is the simplest test : If you love God and you are not ashamed of it , copy this . 
Had a relaxing afternoon . Whatever that is ... 
What's weirder than seeing someone you haven't seen in 12 years ? Accidentally crashing their birthday party =) I must have some sort of sixth sense for timing to catch them walking out the door ! Now I have bragging rights Mwahahaha =P 
=) 
Itunes has a mind of it's own !! It can singlehandedly read my mind and play related music . It's really creeping me out . Especially when I don't want to know what I'm feeling on some issues o.O 
Nursing wounds of the flesh today . After a bike crash and poor < PROPFIRST > ( < PROPFIRST > Fisher Bike Model ) taking a smashing , I'm also nursing wounds of the heart . No more riding until I get it fixed D= Oh well , I'm sure getting ready for S.A. is going to be busy enough ... 
Hey , does somebody have any pictures of last years fall picnic ? I could use some watery ones for the poster of this years . ASAP if possible ! =) 
Thinks that we need a good school vacation . Already . 
Study , study and study . I found out that listening to Pirates of the Caribbean soundtrack while studying is useful to be an anti-boring substitute to the atmospheric noises of my house . Or maybe it was because making flash cards is so easy . Well , looks like I'm 1 step closer to acing that oxidation number test anyhow ! 
Wow . 2 hours of Lost and I am nowhere closer to reaching an end of my confusedness . Just . WOW . 
I'm getting the feeling that I'm injury prone ... D=< 
Great vespers ! I loved the way that went ... 8 ) 
Oh man . Just two episodes away from ending the time-vortex called LOST . I'm assuming I'll have it finished by the end of this weekend . I'm getting a feeling similar to that of amnesia ... But maybe that's cause I just watched four hours of it straight O.o 
YES ! I FINALLY FINISHED LOST . Ah , the ending wasn't the cream of the crop , but it wasn't a bad series to watch five seasons of ... Leaves me wondering about the Dharma Initiative ... O.o 
Has been UBER-stressed . Like the pull your hair out , jump off a < PROPMALE > stressed . Hopefully relaxing and reading ( Thanks < PROPFIRST > ) will help out =) 
Wishes there was more strawberry banana smoothie in his cup ... = ... ( 
I ... think ... my ... mind ... is ... going ... to ... explode ... O.O 
Thinking about getting into photography . Always loved to take pictures ... Anybody want to help me out ? I know really nothing about camera types or functions ... =( 
What's more annoying than finishing an assignment and having it crash when you hit print ? I don't think that I've found anything up to this day ... 
Hey to all you cool people , who wants to go for bike rides ? Well ANYBODY that wants can come Sunday mornings . Mostly rain or shine , pm me or < PROPMALE > S . This includes mountain bikers and racing bikers . Like I said , ANYBODY and EVERYBODY ! So if you have any interest at ALL , you can pm me , < PROPMALE > , or Joe-D G . In fact you could either pm , call , or bump into one of us at school . 
Ah . I love community service . No homework due the next day =) 
hates stinking colds . They make me sleepy and sick . Blech to whoever gave me this !!! XP 
wonders if he's the only one that finds himself picking up an instrument to let out emotion . I find that if I have something on my mind , I put more heart into my music . But that's just me . =) 
Hates mazes with no end . Especially when you feel like you're living in it . >:( 
Ah ... I am SO glad it's Friday after school . TGIF ! 
The MOST AWESOME THING you can do on a Sunday is bike . Head down , tires spinning , speedometer going up and up ... We got up to 45 mph today on the hills we were on . It was one of the most insanely fun things I've done on a 3-day weekend =) 
I think my lab partner is dropping . >=( Oh well , I still have her lab composition notebook from copying data I didn't get . Although I'm not sure how much its going to help me =/ 
I love afternoons like this ! The cold , the sun and everything else . Makes me smile =D 
Like my status and I'll:\ 
\ 
1 : Say what I've learned about you while looking at your wall for 13 seconds\ 
2 : Say what color you remind me of\ 
3 : Say my first memory of you\ 
4 : Say what animal you remind me of\ 
5 : Ask you something I've always wondered about you\ 
6 : Say my favorite thing about you\ 
7 : Give you a weird nickname\ 
8 : Tell you what's on my shirt right now\ 
9 : Give you a challenge to post this as your status 
Why are threads coming loose on virtually everything i'm wearing today ? Okay , I get one or two , but more than that ? I'm falling apart !! XO 
Wow , there's so much to say ! And yet there is nothing that I could start to explain that would take under 420 characters ... I guess a smiley will have to do for now ... =D 
I am so EXHAUSTED right now ... Thanks goodness that Fall Fest is half over !! Now lets look at why they call it a weekend ... \ 
3 hours until I go to bed\ 
16 hours until I become a public violinist again\ 
24 hours until we enter craziness\ 
36+ hours before I get my camera =) \ 
48+ hours until I start my bible project\ 
... Nevermind , nothing is \end\ " ing ... " 
Wishes commitments could end for a month ... 
Rediscovered some of his parents really old music CDs like < PROPMALE > Petty , Sting , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , Chicago , < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , and THE WALL ! 
Can I just pass out now ? 
It feels < PROPFEMALE > good to be done . I just wish we were totally done . The only problem with that is that all the people who couldn't come to this last one couldn't see it at all . And that would be a shame ! Well , at least there's only one more morning at 5:50 ... 
Time to \Sleep in heavenly peace ... \ " XD Goodbye everyone until tomorrow ! " 
Stress . It's the only thing I've gotten more of than my 10 hours of sleep and 3+ meals a day the last two weeks . And I am more than ready to pick up a good book and veg out this break =D 
Watched the first Dr. Who and beat my dad at foosball . What an afternoon =) 
Well , the banquet was awesome ! Everything from my date down to the lights in the limo and the fact that I have mounds of chocolate sitting in my room from the white elephant gift exchange . Well , maybe the last parts not that good ... You guys will just get to experience me hyper soon . Very soon ! 
>=( 
Everyone is a genius at least once a year . The real geniuses simply have their bright ideas closer together . \ 
—Georg Christoph Lichtenberg 
Is more than 100% glad that today is over . The feeling is almost indescribable . Whooh , two and a half days to go ... =D 
You know , it's really messed up . The craziest things I've done have either been the best or the worst things I've ever done . Or just left people thinking that I'm plain crazy . The problem is that I seem to have no way of differentiating between the ' good ' crazy ideas and the ' bad ' crazy ideas . Well ... mostly =) 
Is it a crime to think your friends are crazy ? 
Feels like he could fly away with Neo , sail away with Caspian , rock away with Petty , read away like a scholar , and hibernate away like a brown bear . If this wasn't break I'd kill myself ! 
The best gifts come from the most unexpected places . 
Sometimes I think my life is more interesting than a science-fiction novel 
Studying for finals while listening to the Moody Blues ? ... Oh yeah =D 
Why am I thinking about music tour already ? Maybe because I CAN'T WAIT !??? 
HEY LISTEN UP COLUMBIA STUDENTS : Pajama day has been moved to the 26th of January . DO NOT COME IN PAJAMAS NEXT WEDNESDAY !!! Tell everyone you know ! 
The camera , a scenic location ... and rain =/ 
TOMORROW IS PAJAMA DAY !!! NOBODY FORGET THAT !!! 
Is not taking orders for the best fudge ever made =) Don't you wish you were in Chemistry now ? 
I have no idea how I made it through last week . In fact I think some of me got left back there . If you find it , please write : Return to Sender and put it in the mail box =D 
Is it just me today or was everyone out to get me ? Why are people such jerks at times ... It can just make me sick . Or am I just tired ... 
Who got a job at Big Lake this summer ? ( Not me ) 
Yeah I have my license now so watch out world ;D 
Off to Walla Walla ! 
My room is surprisingly squeaky clean ! It was annoying me dirty so I cleaned it and rearranged . I also rebuilt a ton of my old lego sets . When I get tired of looking at them , off to the lego store I go for cash ;D That makes me happy 
Man , it is crazy how much can happen in a day ! It was a good day , but man do I have stuff to do ! I can't wait until next year when maybe , just maybe , I won't always have to be running to catch up to the bus of education ... 
\Life is what happens while you're making plans . \ " \ 
