Turnin in . See y'all next year ! 

Finally 2011 . Hopefully this year'll be better than the last ... 
Just joined facebook . yay ... 
Whoa . Must be bored as hell if im on Facebook ! 
it's about 4:05 , nd im bored as hell , so txt me or somthin . Im goin crazy !! 
Fam reunion this weekend . \REALLY\ " lookin forward to that ..... " 
Goodnite world ... 
Finaly gonna go ridin today !!! Bout damn time too , been workin on my bike forever and i finally got it fixed up . < PROPFEMALE > HAW !!! 
Headn to the autorama in a bit . goin to dinr afterwards . DEER HUNTIN TOMORO !!!!!! 
GOnna go bowhuntin 2moro mornin !!!! hopefully ill get me a grande !!! 
Kickin bak , watchin Never Back Down . Most badass movie EVER !!! 
Wow . My friggin truck caught on fire , AGAIN !!! What did i do to deserve this ?!!!!! 
Damn .. I shure am sore from today ... 
Damn ! Doin 200 push-ups in a half an hour sure does wear you out !! 
\Like memories in cold decay . Transmissions echoing away . Far from the world of you and I . Where oceans bleed into the sky . \"" 
hates his schedule ... 
has finally come to a conclusion ... 
just woke up an hour ago . aint shure what im gonna do today . 
Wow . For once its actually nice in Fortuna . Think Hell must've froze over .. 
Damn , lookin at photos o me last year nd this year . Barely recognize myself 
Man , i shure hope it rains this weekend . 
This frickin sucks ! Could be huntin rite now , but nope . Got sick . Lameee .... 
Sooper Dooper Pooper Scooper 
SWEET ! HOme alone all till Fridy !!! When life gives ya lemons , ya make lemonade . In this case , when life gives ya beer , THROW A PARTY !!!!! 
Cant wait till the weekend !!!! 
GOT ME A BIG ASS 4X4 UP ON JONES RIDGE YESTERDAy !!!! Pain in the ass packin him out tho , but hell if it aint worth it !!! 
Just got done cutn som deer meat up . Jerky in a few days ! 
Just chillin ... 
< PROPMALE > CHESNEY RIPS !!!!!!! 
Dad gotta nice 2x3 this mornin out in Bear River ! Over 20 inches hi !! 
Wonder if I should go into the Marines after High School ...? 
Wow . Didnt see crap all day ... Hope next weekend is better ... 
School tomoro . Yay ... 
AGGGHHH !!!! WHY IN THE HELL DID THEY INVENT HOMEWORK ?!?!?! 
Finaly got the damn Yota fixed today ! Still gotta install the power steering hose , but at least it runs !!! 
Dang ... Cant go to the party cuz i aint got no ride ! Time for Plan B .... 
Goin huntin tomoro mornin . Hopefully ill see that 24 incher out there again this year . Gonna hav a CRAP LOAD o jerky by the end o the weekend !!! 
Last day o hunting season in b4 ... Saw a nice 2x3 but couldnt shoot it cuz it was too early . Othr than that didnt see nuthin ... Ah well , there's always next year . 
War does not determine who is right , only who is left . 
Gonna go shoot me a big < PROPMALE > tonite ! Wish me luck ... 
Egh ... Feel like sleepin the whole weekend .... 
I REALLY want a 2011 Dodge Challenger ... 
Well ... the ol ' man ditched me nd went to go huntin at Jones Ridge w/o me while im stuk in skool . Typical ... 
Kickin back , listenin to some < PROPFIRST > Strait . Livin ' the good life . 
Egh ... Gotta crapload o ' History homework that i dont wanna do ... I swear , History is by far THE most useless subject out there !!! 
SWEET !! Got the house to myself for the night !!! PARTY TIME !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! XD 
I swear , im gonna smack the CRAP outta that damn gelding ... Reared up at me nd then tried to friggin ' cow-kick me thru the bars o the round pen !! Peckerhead ... 
Damn ... Realy wish i had my license rite now ... 
Well , looks like im stuck in Tunaville for the rest o the evenin . Reckon i aint goin to Nicks tonite ... Bummer .... 
Tired o all this damn fog ... Wish it was summer again ... 
Man , it shure is good be back up on the ridge again ! 
Ok , somehow i managed to stab myself in the thumb with the latch on my belt buckle ... And i tell ya what , it didnt feel to good ... : ( 
Kickin back , chillin to some good ol ' < PROPMALE > Chesney ... Cant get much better than this ... 
* sigh * Wish i was at the ranch rite now ... 
Lovin life . Plain and simple . 
Well , looks like im stuck in Tahoe for the weekend ... 
YEAH , Bring on the rain !! Gonna go rip it up in the mud with the Camo Yote !!! Thats how we do it in the Backwoods !! Hahaha ! 
Dang , hope it rains a little more . The Yote's in desprate need ofa fresh coat o MUD !! 
This sux ... The battery on my frickin Yota died AGAIN ... Wonder what keeps drainin the damn thing ... 
Got my halloween costume picked out , nd i gotta tell y'all , its perty SEXY !! 
Thinkin about going into the U.S. Coast Guard after High School ... 
Damn ... 11:30 alredy . Reckon its time for me to hit the hay ... 
Ok , perty sure that \Every Breath You Take\ " by < PROPFIRST > Strait is the best song out there . Bar none . " 
Halloween was perty sick ! Bum deal i didnt get to throw none tho ... Went thru all that work and i had to go home early ... Oh well , next time I reckon ... 
There aint no words that can express how bored i am ... Txt me , or somthin ! Bout to go INSANE !!! 
Cant wait for Thanksgivin ' break !!!!! 
Wonder who'd win < PROPFEMALE > fight between Trace Adkins & < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > ... 
Well , hound huntin this mornin was perty much Hell ... Least the dog gotta chew on a coon this time ... 
Egh ... All i gotta say's that English perty much BLOWS ... Plain & simple ... 
Happy Veterans Day , everyone . Pay tribute to those brave men and women who made it their sworn duty to protect our nation ; those who laid their lives on the line to assure that our country stays free , safe , and secure . Support Our Troops ! 
Hmmmm .... im as bored as a 2x4 :/ 
C'mon .. Just 1 more week o sufferin till Thanksgivin break ... Frickin siked as HELL !!!! 
Im hittin the hay . Night y'all . 
Fricikin fone's tweakin out on me , and its startin to piss me off . Feel lik loadin it in a skeet launcher nd shootin the damn thing ... :/ 
Whew ... Finlly fixed the damn thing . I tell ya , my fone's frickin indestructable !! 
I feel no shame , Im proud of where I came from . I was born & raised in the Boondocks ... 
Im a nightmare , a disaster ... That's what they've always said . I'm a lost cause , not a hero , but I'll make it on my own . I gotta prove ' em wrong ... It's me against the world ! 
... Every < PROPFEMALE > has its thorn ... 
Friggin pissed ! Didnt snow at my place last nite :( 
Dang ... Hope it snows here tonite :/ 
I ain't as good as I once was , but I'm as good once as I ever was ! 
Aight it better friggin snow tonite otherwise im gonna be pissed ... :( 
Thats it . Im movin to Ft . Seward ... 
Wondrin if i should go back to the buzz cut ..? 
Cant believe im sayin this , but cant wait till skool gets back in ... 
Damn near killed myself smackin into a tree on < PROPFEMALE>'s frickin rope swing ... 
Bored , gonna go wreak havoc round town ... 
Ehhh , still REAL full from yesterdy ... Reckon now i prolly dont have to eat for a few more days . 
Well , looks lik only 2 more days left o freedom ... Better make ' em count !! 
Lovin life and all the simple things that make it ! 
One more day ... Better make it last ! 
Hounds ran a fox in Bear River today . Ended up emptyin a box o shells on it , pistol cant shoot worth shit ... Last day , gotta make ' er last !!! 
Well , reckon break's over ... Gotta go back to \work\ " tomaro . REALLY lookin forward to that ... " 
Bored ... Goin to bed ... Night y'all ... 
Wishin i had my license rite about now ... 
He bowed his head to Jesus , and he stood for Uncle < PROPFIRST > . And he only loved one woman , was always proud of what he had . He said his greatest contribution is the ones he'll leave behind , raised on the ways and gentle kindness of a Smalltown Southern Man ... 
Heel to toe do-si-do , scootin our boots , swingin doors . B & D , Kix and Dunn , Honkey tonk heaven , double shotgun . A good time ... Lord we havin a good time . Yeah Ive been workin all week and im tired , but I dont wanna sleep , I wanna have fun ! Its time for a Good Time ! 
Damn ... Cant believe how fast time goes by . 
Here comes the rain again , falling from the stars . Drenched in my pain again , becoming who we are , as my memory rests , but never forgets what I've lost ... 
Egghh , gotta go clean the horse stalls perty soon . Aint lookin forward to that ... 
Save water ... Drink Beer 
So bored ... I wanna party !! lol 
Just heard the most motivational lyrics ever : Ya cant drink all day if ya dont start early ! 
School tomorrow ... Reckon that deserves a sarcastic \yay \"..." 
I love listenin to it rain ... 
Goddamn , this day sucked ... 
She's ridin in the middle of his pick-up truck , blarin < PROPFIRST > Daniels yellin , \TURN IT UP ! \ " They raised her up a lady but there's one thing they couldn't avoid : LADIES LOVE COUNTRY BOYS !!! " 
Damn gelding ... tried to cow-kick me through the gate , again . Reckon i oughta go lighter on the alfalfa next time ... 
Hmmm , love how the soft rains make everything seem so peaceful ... 
I'm gonna pack my bags , and never look back , run a parallel line with the railroad tracks , and make my getaway . \ 
I'll put the pedal to the metal as the sun goes down , \ 
leave everybody sleepin in this sleepy town tonight . And at the break of day , \ 
I'll be a Runaway ... 
Yeeahh , i think all this rainy foggy crap is startin to get old REAL fast ... :/ 
Kickin back , listenin to some good ol ' < PROPMALE > Chesney and waitin for the rain to get over with . Perty much my whole day so far ... 
Frickin foggy up here on the hill . Can barely see my hand in front of my face ... 
Thinkin the camo yota needs a new paint job ... 
Muddin is FUN !!!! 
It's where i drank my first beer , It's where I found Jesus . \ 
Where i wrecked my first car , I tore it all to pieces . \ 
I learned the path to Heaven is full of sinners and believers . \ 
Learned that happiness on Earth ain't just for high achievers . \ 
I've learned , I've come to know , there's life at both ends , \ 
on that Red Dirt Road ... 
Kid Rock - Born Free = Most bad-ass song ever . 
Keep on believin ' , dont give in , \ 
You got the strength to raise the wind . \ 
Remember what one dream can do , \ 
You are Unstoppable . 
Think im gonna paint the camo yota bright Hemi orange ... 
Christmas party today ... 
Well , its the anniversary ... R.I.P 
All this friggin rain's just plain depressing ... 
Damn near ran over a convict goin thru McCann today ! 
Shootin ' deers and drinkin ' beers . Thats how I roll ... 
Turn the quiet up , turn the noise down . \ 
Let this whole world , just spin around . \ 
I wanna feel it sway-ay-ay , wanna feel it sway . \ 
Put some feel-good in my soul . \ 
Drink a little Drink , Smoke a little Smoke . 
Yeah , I'm from the Backwoods , and I listen Bluegrass , \ 
and if you got a problem with any o ' that , \ 
you can Kiss My Country Ass ! 
School tomorrow and I havent done a lick o ' my make-up work . Ah well , who needs Math anyways ? 
There's only one way you can always make your dreams come true : by changing what those dreams are ... :/ 
Maybe I'll settle down , get married , or stay single and stay free , \ 
Which ever road I travel , It's still a mystery to me . \ 
So I just sit right here , and have another Beer in Mexico ... 
Thank yall for all my birthday wishes ! To tell ya the truth , i still dont feel much older !! hahaha 
Missin ' summertime ... :/ 
Our houses are protected by the good Lord and a gun , \ 
You might meet em ' both if ya show up here not welcome , Son ... 
Wide awake as a crazy war vet during a 21 gun salute ... 
Hate it when ya try and log in but < PROPFEMALE > password dont work and ya think < PROPFEMALE > hacked but its just caps lock got left on . Wow , I feel like a dumbass ... 
Really aint likin the fact there's school tomorrow . But then again , who does ? 
Lets see , 37 degrees and dropping .... Yep , reckon its gonna be another one o them nights huddled up by the fire w/ the heater on full blast .... 
She was a cut-off's pepper sauce queen , \ 
Man we were maches and gasoline . \ 
First taste of love I never will forget , \ 
I was gone and I ain't back yet ! 
Basketball game was badass !! Beat laytonville 4 games outta 4 !!! Now thats what i call a HELLUVA damn good day !!!! 
To everyone whose callin for stricter gun laws for what happened in Tucson the other day , let me tell ya somthin : If guns kill people , then pencils misspell words , cars drive drunk , spoons made Oprah fat and the Government made you a dumbass ! Hold the PERSON accountable for their actions , not the means they chose to utilize ... 
Headin to a baby shower in tunaville later . 
I wear this crown of thorns upon my liar's chair , \ 
full of broken thoughts I cannot repair . \ 
Beneath the stains of time the feelings disappear , \ 
you are someone else , but I am still right here . \ 
And you can have it all : my empire of dirt , \ 
I will let you down .... I will make you Hurt . 
Damn , I feel like a dumbass ... :/ 
I don't know why I love women that love to do me wrong , \ 
Don't know why my life sounds like a heartbroke country song . \ 
I ain't really happy , unless the sky starts drivin rain , \ 
Maybe I just get off on the pain . 
Too ... much ... English homework .... 
Pop's cursin up a storm in the other room watchin his game . Honory ol ' fart ... haha 
< PROPFEMALE > makes her clothes fall off 
Gonna get a little bit sideways ;) 
Frickin BADASSSSS GAME !! 68 - 61 !!!! DOUBLE OVERTIME !!! XD 
Egh ..... Finals :/ 
Bored as all Hell and beyond .... :/ 
' Cause I need a little twang , \ 
A little hillbilly bendin ' on some guitar strings . \ 
Some peddle steel whinin ' like a whistle of an ol ' freight train . \ 
To get that foot stompin ' , honkey tonkin ' feeling goin ' through my veins , \ 
I need a little twang , twang , twang . 
Gonna get raped by finals tomorrow :/ 
Accomplished a lot today ! 
Gonna get screwed by Finals today .... :/ 
??? (?_?) ??? 
Camo Yota's got another damn gas leak ... * sigh * 
Goin hound huntin in the mornin ! 
Got one good race outta the dogs today before the track turned cold ... Never tree'd nothin , caught a few trout , ate half o < PROPFIRST>'s jerky . Perty good day so far ! 
Always do sober what you said you'd do drunk . That'll teach you to keep your mouth shut ... 
Truck's completely caked in mud ... Been a good day , i reckon ! 
Some people are so disrespectful it's just sad ... 
\Every man's life ends the same way . It is only the details of how he lived and how he died that distinguish one man from another . \ " - < PROPMALE > Hemingway " 
Man , I love a good argument ! 
Redneck word of the day : TEXAS\ 
I hate it when my girlfriend texas me when I'm in bed with my wife . 
If carrots are supposed to be good for your eyes , then how come I see so many dead rabbits on the highway ? 
Beauty is in the eyes of the beer holder . 
All A's and B's ' cept one F ... in < PROPMALE > . How ironic , I'm failing a class that requires you to do absolutely nothing ... 
Keep gettin ' requests from random people in Eureka ... Must be famous round these parts , I guess ! hahaha 
Well played , Cubs ! Varsity lost , but that dont mean we gone soft !!!! WE'LL KICK THEIR SORRY ASSES NEXT TIME ROUND !!! 
Headin to the gymkhana in a bit . 
Damn , just when ya think its gonna be a good day ! Talk bout \rain on < PROPFEMALE > parade \"..." 
Hard to believe how much people have changed since Ive known em ... 
Hopin ' it clears up soon ... Wanna go riding :/ 
Sweet , rains over ! Looks like its gonna be a beautiful day ! WOO-HOO !!! 
She thinks my tractor's SEXY !! 
I believe in the right to keep and bear arms . One Facebooker has challenged all gun owners to put this on their wall . The Supreme Court of the United States has affirmed that the right to keep and bear arms is a fundamental right of the individual . If you Believe in the 2nd Amendment and you are not afraid to show it , re-post this ! 
Goin ' hittin the hay . Night yall ... 
2010 Dodge Challenger + 6-Speed Automanual Transmission + 6.7 Litre Supercharged Hemi V8 = A shi t-t on of American Muscle !!! 
Wanna know how I know i'm a redneck ? I didnt know what skype was till a few minutes ago .. lol That sad or what ? 
Redneck word of the day : BUDWEISER\ 
Hey man , your girlfriend's gotta nice body , budweiser face so ugly ?? 
Friggin ' CAHSEE , why'd ya have to come along and ruin my whole day ?? :/ 
Second half o the CAHSEE tomorrow . \REALLY\ " lookin forward to that ... :/ " 
Wow , the sky's beautiful out tonight ... 
Damn glad I got all that CAHSEE test bullshit over with finally ... Well , reckon its back to \slack-off\ " mode with me !! haha " 
Career Day tomorrow ... Better get what ones i asked for !! haha 
Wow , such a beautiful sunset a moment ago . 
There aint no cure for the summertime blues ... :/ 
Man , nothin ' tastes better than cold pizza in the mornin !! 
Varsity lost . Those damn ref's need a good swift kick to the ass ... 
The Steelers are gonna rip some Packer ASS !!!!!!! 
LET'S GO STEELERS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Damn , aint lookin too good for the Steelers .... F*ck the Packers .... 
Well , Steelers lost :( ... Ah well , id like to see them fudge Packers take on the SAINTS next year !!!! 
Saw what looked like a mouse run across the floor just now .. Turned out to be just a giant ass spider ... That a bad thing ? 
Redneck word o the day : MUSHROOM\ 
When all my buddies pile in my truck , there ain't very mushroom . 
What's on your mind ? 
Spell-check really doesn't like my name for some reason . haha 
Don't drink and drive - you might hit a bump and spill your beer . 
Well , looks like < PROPMALE>'s gonna be spendin the night out in the woods tonite . Hopefully find him come mornin .... 
Thinkin Facebook needs a \dislike\ " button " 
Ol ' < PROPMALE > taught me just how to stay alive , \ 
You’ll never catch me out the house without my 9 or . 45 \ 
I got a big orange tractor and a diesel truck , \ 
And my idea of heaven is chasin ' white-tail bucks , \ 
And as a country boy , I know I can survive ... 
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched . They must be felt with the heart . 
Goin to the branding at Will's perty soon 
Move it over < PROPMALE > Duke , make way for a REAL outlaw ! 
Same shit , different day 
This rains a buncha billy-jack bullsh*t !!!!!!! 
Game was perty sick , now I'm off to go catch some Z's . Night y'all! 
Just hold on loosely , but don't let go , \ 
If you cling too tightly , you're gonna lose control ... Gotta love 38 Special ! 
Great , now the snow level's down to bout 1500 feet or so . No Bueno ... :/ 
Wants to go rip donuts in the snow !!!!!!!! 
Just finished THE most bad-ass snowman in all o ' Humboldt !!! 
Man , im prayin to the good Lord that there aint no school tomorrow !! 
I'd like to say happy birthday to my big brother ! He grew up so fast 
Feels like shootin a flaming arrow into a real big gas tank ... 
Brown Chicken , Brown Cow 
Damn , sure is a bummer not bein able to drive :/ 
Damn , its colder than a coal miner's ass in the Rockies ! 
Headin to the Mall in a little bit i reckon ... 
Save the planet - it's the only one with BEER 
Gonna find me a city-slicker , gonna show ' em how to Kick it in the Sticks 
Perty much hate the fact that IM is constantly raping my Facebook with spam 
Ive always wondered , why do they put braille dots on the keypads of \DRIVE-UP\ " ATM machines ??? " 
Ahhh , home sweet home ... Good to be back up on the hill again ! 
Hounds got a skunk this mornin , had to give one of em a freakin tomato bath ... Not fun 
Egh , Driver's < PROPMALE > is so friggin stupid .... 
This rains a buncha horseshit !! What happened to all the snow ??!? 
Wow , I just lost all respect for Rascal Flatts .... 
The weather channel people should be fired ..... 
Freakin weather was on crack today : Snow , sun , rain ; snow , sun , rain .... Wishin it'd just SNOW !!!!!!! 
My niece Peyton turned 1 today ! Headed to tunaville for her party in a bit . 
Had a good day today out by Watts lake ! Couldnt get up there , everyone kept gettin stuck . Snow boarded for the first time in 8 years , didnt work out to well ..... 
Got my toes in the water , ass in the sand . \ 
Not a worry in the world and a cold beer in my hand\ 
Life is good today , life is good today ... 
I will stand up for my sport , RODEO ! < PROPFEMALE > Underwood is a hypocrite , and does not deserve our support . She is donating $ 100,000 to a group dedicated to stopping all rodeos and has declared she will do anything to end rodeo . Funny , she makes a lot of $$$ , singing the kind of music that represents our heritage . Repost if you rodeo or support the lifestyle ! 
Gonna be an all-nighter with the hippies and the hicks , \ 
Jocks and bikers , they all came to kick it in the sticks ! 
I made mistakes that paved the way for the man I am today , \ 
I'm proud of ' em all , and I had a ball bendin ' the rules and breakin ' the law ! 
A computer once beat me at chess , but it was no match for me at kick boxing . 
Tear off your sleeves : Support the right to bare arms ! 
It ain't wine , dont sip it , make it bubble when ya hit it . Let it burn , baby burn ... 
Such lovely weather we're havin , huh ? 
You and I wake up in a psychiatric < PROPMALE > together . Using only 4 words , what would you say to me ? 
Hey , hey , Mr. Policeman ! Bet I can drive faster'n you can !! 
Thinkin bout gettin me a camo tux for prom . Hell YEAH !!!!! 
Please do not lead me into temptation ( I can find it by myself ) . 
Schau mich an ! Ich kann Deutsch sprechen ! 
There's cowboys and hillbillies , from farm towns to big cities . \ 
There ain't no doubt in my mind : country must be country wide . 
Damn , friggin weather was on crack today .... 
My damn phone took a dirt nap .... 
Wind's blowin harder than a french hooker in the white house .. 
Yeah , that's the way we get down .... in a Hicktown ! 
Thinkin whoever came up with daylight savings needs a good ass whoopin ' ... 
How is it that one little match can start a big < PROPMALE > fire , but it takes a whole damn box to start a campfire ? 
Cant wait till the weekend !! 
I hate it when people go off bout how we need more gun control , we have enough gun control ! What we really need is idiot control ... 
Lookin ' forward to a kick-ass weekend !!! 
Snows meltin off finally ... Powers still out though :/ 
Always take life with a grain of salt , ... plus a slice of lemon , ... and a shot o ' < PROPFEMALE > ! 
NASCAR : a Non-Athletic Sport Centered Around Rednecks 
Some people are like slinkies : not really good for anything , but you can't help but chuckle when you see one tumble down some stairs .... 
Rain , rain , and again with the dang rain .... What all happened to the sunshine ?!?!?! 
P . O . S truck broke on me again ... Reckon its time to whip out the Duct tape 
Gettin sick o ' all this freakin rain ... Hardly even remember what the sun looks like !! 
We raise up our glasses against evil forces , \ 
Singin whiskey for my men , and beer for my horses 
Thinking is the hardest work there is , which is probably why so few people do it - < PROPFIRST > Ford 
Kickin back to some good ol ' fashioned < PROPFIRST > Strait ... Good way to start the night off 
Same shit , different day . 
Look out ladies , I got my game on 
The only place you'll find success before work is in the dictionary ... 
Shit happens ... 
Such a serene , beautiful day ... Almost feels like summer again 
Feelin ' sorry for all the Redway folk ! hahaha 
Nothin like a good 4-mile run in the afternoon to keep the blood flowin ! 
If you're goin thru Hell , keep on goin ' cause ya might get out before the Devil even knows < PROPFEMALE > there 
Sure as hell feels good to have a 4 day weekend !!! All this crappy weather finally paid off ! lol 
Perty sure my computer smokes more weed than Cheech & < PROPFIRST > .... 
Two reasons why it's so hard to solve a Redneck Murder : The DNA all matches & there are no dental records 
Anyone know if there's school tomorrow or not ? 
