wants to go to afganistan and get shot or something so life would be exciting . . . well . . . or over . 

will never ever ever ever ever ever ever have kids . 
wishes he could remeber the name of that pirate metal band . 
just paid a kid to say bloody marry into a mirror 3 times in the dark and is now wondering who the real sucker is . 
Urges everyone with an Xbox to get the game ghostbusters 
laughs when girls who wouldn't give him the time of day in highschool call him cute . 
At sunrise we'll all dance the hempen jig So raise up your pint of rum and take another swig The curse of Captain < PROPFIRST > has led us to this fate So have no fear , and don't look back , the afterlife awaits 
is going to foxtrot you in the < PROPFEMALE > 
should get paid to click \I like this\ " under pictures of things for facebook because that information is just getting used for marketing anyways " 
is amazed at the price of shit at Aldis and will shop there from now on . Discount protein bars , booze , and and pop ! 
has been out killing celebrities one by one and no one is the wiser 
A wench by my side and a jug of mead These are the things that I most need 
wonders if ants know they spend their lives supporting the colony 
can't remember much about college . 
will be in dekalb the 9th 
poop ! 
Don't shed a tear , don't cry The only way to break this curse Is for us all to die Now as we stand before the gallows Waiting for the end 
They got some money out there They're giving it away I'm gonna do what I want And I'm gonna get paid 
filed for an income tax return . . . several months late . 
thinks a dog that keeps getting shocked by a barking shock coller and then continues to bark may be one of those \special\ " dogs " 
thinks < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > used to get drunk with the cool founding fathers and show them a crazzzzy trick with a key and a kite 
fifteen < PROPMALE > down the eerie canal 
Battlefield 1943 from xbox live market place is awesome and everyone should get it 
caught 3 fish today 
ain't no hollaback girl 
Watch your thoughts ; they become words . Watch your words ; they become actions . Watch your actions ; they become habits . Watch your habits ; they become character . Watch your character ; it becomes your < PROPFEMALE > . 
hates it when a WWII japanese imperial navy fighter falls out of the sky onto his head as he's taking fire from a type 100 : ( 
Is at the < PROPFEMALE > Wine Mixer . 
has seen into the bucket of truth and laughed , then yelled \Didn't you think I already knew that ??? \"" 
netflix on xbox is awesoooome UNCLE < PROPMALE > FUCK YEA ! 
doesn't want to be owned by bankers . Screw you private sector . 
This isn't a seminar This isn't a weekend retreat Where you are now You can't even imagine what the bottom will be like Only after disaster can we be resurrected Its only after you've lost everything that you are free to do anything Nothing is static Ever 
I'm sick of your tattoos and the ways you always criticize the smiths 
For if you leave now , you will be fighting for a people that refuse to comprehend They have chosen their own end . 
wonders if the monsters from ahhh real monsters or the animaniacs would win in a fight 
wants to know if bodies decay on the < PROPFEMALE > 
Eugenics was popular in < PROPFEMALE > before the Nazis . In the early 1900's several states had laws which forced sterilization on inferior people . 
I'm not going to listen to any more of your kabbalistic , quantum , friggin ' dumb limbo mumbo jumbo ! 
woke up early and is analyzing the atmospheric compositions of jupiter 
finds christian mythology rather mundane 
is walking on sunshine 
Is in the danger zone 
Is frightened for the day the shoggoths decide to grow beyond their hidden icy fortresses in Antarctica . 
Has been between the planes of dimensions in cities constructed by non-euclidean geometry in wavelengths of light and matter unknown to humans . 
The sciences , each straining in its own direction , have hitherto harmed us little ; but some day the piecing together of dissociated knowledge will open up such terrifying vistas of reality , and of our frightful position therein , that we shall either go < PROPFEMALE > 
Kaz is a douche bag 
wants to know if anyone wants to join him in a little restaurant about 56 parsecs away . . . 
if I can put a band-aid on my nephew I can reattach someone blown off leg . 
New Nazi Zombie maps are out , I'll be on xbox all day . 
hates when those god damn hell hounds come when you only have a bolt action rifle 
human . . . all too human . . . 
There are worlds beyond this one , worlds as we've never seen ... nor can we ... Our eyes do not open far enough ... Try it ... try holding your eyes open ... you can try holding them open as much as you want , but you'll never see ... 
Become aware of a thought , not lost in it . 
wants to kill some nazi zombie freakbags 
Cowboys can't shoot slow Or they'll end up below When they need some help They reach for the root beer shelf You thirsty partner ? 
thinks there is little distinction between killing any mammal and a human and I eat meat all the time . . . 
What does it take for individuals to persist from moment to moment — or in other words , for the same individual to exist at different moments ? 
wonders which is worse . . . a large federal government . . . or monopolizing multinational corporations ? 
has weird flashbacks of the trident he would like to expunge from his brain . 
this is your life good to the last drop , doesn't get any better than this this is your life , and it's ending one minute at a time 
the person who loves everybody and feels at home everywhere is the true hater of mankind . He expects nothing of men , so no form of depravity can outrage him . 
I've been drinking so much I forgot what life is really about . . . GOLD !!! Nuggets as big as your fist !!! 
got hit by a train and as my severed head flew through the air towards the ground I thought up a blues song . 
i remeber what it was like to feel things . Now I just kill things instead . Goddamn Nazi Zombies trying to keep me from getting my speed cola . 
thinks the mortician from phantasm could beat the shit out of < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , or < PROPFIRST > myers . Don't fuck with an interdimensional being . 
I've spent too much damn time preparing myself mentally and physically for a zombie outbreak , won't it happen already ??? 
I <3 vegetables 
Afghan elections tomorrow . . . could determine the fate of this whole war thing . . . 
could be thinking about a meatless , pain-free potluck I went to last weekend or the ozone or the earth's desperate need to stop cruel product testing on animals , but I'm probably not . 
vows to go to Vegas next year and blow a shitload of money on gambling , booze , and hookers . Maybe get married by < PROPMALE > to some trailer trash too . . . 
holy shit blackberries are amazing I'm going to get one if my service provider permits it ! 
your trapped in your lovely nest and the things you used to own end up owning you . 
For whome the < PROPFEMALE > tolls , time marches on . 
who shot who in the what now ? 
has an apple and apple jacks here . . . the apple jacks are better . 
The budget should be balanced , the Treasury should be refilled , public debt should be reduced , the arrogance of officialdom should be tempered and controlled , and , the assistance to foreign lands should be curtailed lest Rome become bankrupt . People must again learn to work instead of living on public assistance . Cicero - 55 BC 
Just threw away most of his childhood so he could have more room in his room to get activities done . 
xbox broke a couple days after the warranty expired so can't get it fixed , go figure . 
Zombies , guns , and sex . . . Oh my !!! 
In the military we have a little saying . . . FUCK YOU . 
no one actually uses mouthwash for a minute straight . . . that shit burns like hell ! 
you know you hit a new low when it's almost 2 in the morning and you find yourself looking at progressive commercials on youtube because you think \flo\ " is hot . " 
music and blasters and old jedi masters . . . 
This soviet is complete . 
is being a pussy who doesn't feel like hitting the gym so he's ingesting 400mg of caffeine to see what that does . If that doesn't work it's time to hit the crack . 
Is that voice that narrates my thinking my voice or the sum collection of everyones voice I've ever heard ? 
I have opened up my own branch of zen Buddhism . It's mostly about getting drunk , getting revenge , shooting things ( including people ) , but beware it's not all fun and games because it's also BYOB . 
what if all the world's inside of your head just creations of your own ? your devils and your gods all the living and the dead 
multinational corporations are designed in a way to exploit you the consumer to maximize profit , they don't care about you , in fact the CEOs think your scum . 
Anyone looking for a car ( especially < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > ) ' 02 chevy cavalier for 3,100 . In great shape . 
No one can get 10g of fiber , 100% of the RDA of vitamins AND minerals , 80g of protein , a good dose of antioxidants < PROPFEMALE > 3's , and have several servings of whole wheat products , while keeping under 2000 calories . Why the only solution is to make all food into paste ! 
people should get a drug test to receive government support like welfare or food stamps 
there is nothing to perceive reality outside of an organism , outside of perception things just happen . There is no good or bad , up or down , progressive or conservatism all of these are just human constructs . There is just a view from nowhere that just is . 
was working as a waitress in a cocktail bar 
the eyes are like the groin of the head 
I'll be in dekalb wed . night most likely at Ottos if they didn't crap up the place 
the only useful thing about college partying part . I regret not doing that more while I was there . . . sigh . . . learn from my mistake . 
whose the hotter chick around 40 ? Sweet < PROPFIRST > from it's always < PROPFEMALE > in Philadelphia , or < PROPFEMALE > from the progressive insurance commercials 
This ship has taken me far away Far away from the memories Of the people who care if I live or die 
you know your ready to deploy for the navy when your sitting around watching dateline waiting for metalocalypse reruns to start . 
All right it's Saturday night , I have no date , a 2 litter bottle of < PROPFEMALE > , and my all rush mix tape . Lets rock . 
there's a very visible comet in the eastern sky tonight , and the news doesn't report it so I will . Even with light pollution you can see it in the opposite side of the sky where Mars and < PROPFEMALE > ( in the west ) are . 
grilled cheese is awesome . If you differ in opinion from this I'll have you killed . 
the only solution to a zany scheme is an even zanier scheme 
I just took the broth from my sister's chicken soup , put it in a cup with ice , and drank it as if it were soda . I love chicken broth . 
his name is jaws , he kills people 
this is the fresh air kid , away from the hussle and bussle , no one to tell you what to do or how her day was . 
i hate hipsters 
Anytime a helicopter tries to go through a tunnel they get blown up 
Woo as a level 6 I still destroyed a bunch of level 40's in battlefield 2 bad company multiplayer ! 
Empty bottles of pills and bacardi . . . Happy new year ! 
If you find significane in the day 1/1/11 your lame 
Its probably going to be to september till I stop accidently putting 2010 instead of 2011 
I'm officially a United States Sailor bitches ! I got my Navy ballcap . 
They are planing on locking me in RTC for another week away from you civies so I don't know when I'll be on this shit again . 
Theres a lot of douche bags in the navy , I'm sitting next to a dude who actually like limpt bizkit . 
I may/ may not be able to be able to be brought hoe on weekends by my family . . . shooter standby 
fuck the police in a time of marshal law i have more authority 
holy shit the navy kicks ass 
we're whalers on the < PROPFEMALE > ! 
The navy has the most badass coats for their uniforms . Usually I'm dressed in black and look like I'm about to assasinate some mofo . Good thing I'm a corpsman on the other side of the base they're stuck wearing digital blue camos . 
cheifs go through a lot of clip boards from slamming them in anger , I've already seen 4 destroyed and I haven't even been here 6 months . They must buy clipboards in six packs . 
no one remebers the alamo 
LOL 
Wahoo got it's always < PROPFEMALE > seasons 1 2 and 4 ! damnit the NEX didn't have 3 . . . now i just need to find me some metalocalypse . . . 
A fun saturday of teaching myself how to do basic life support . The blanket I practiced CPR is now safe . 
I am a bomb , you just armed me . 
would like to focus less on the working out part and upping the supplements 
whatever it is it ain't no man . we're all gonna die . 
Don't ever tell anybody anything . If you do , you start missing everybody 
the systematic elemination of human personality in the military is friggin convieniant 
Hear the cats cry Little tortured babies in pain Cracked necks by settled limbs They don't hesitate 
just bide your time till the robots take over . . . 
I shouldn't be taught medical terminology otherwise i make up words like hyperphallusitis 
woo ! 91% on my first exam i'm on my way to being a corpsman ! go Navy ! 
they did the monster mash ! 
85 a month to a TSP , 50 to savings , and 100 to a CD now i just gotta wait 60 years and i'll be a millionaire 
and I hope I never get sober and I hope when you think of me years down the line you can't find one good thing to say and I hope that if I found the strength to walk out You'd stay the hell out of my way 
i herd u liek mudkips 
i'm talking < PROPFEMALE > and i'm going to kill you 
I hope that our few remaining friends Give up on trying to save us I hope we come up with a failsafe plot To piss of the dumb few that forgave us 
death by form memorization 
you should have anticipated the sapient may have developed a troublesome moral code 
chicken in its best form comes from wendys 
ill take 3 flamin dr peppers . . . Theres the flavor ! 
10 minutes on my mile and a half run thus securing my orders to portsmouth < PROPFEMALE > for psych tech school 
today in class we learned about all sorts of feces from the gray variety to the bloody stools 
just hopped on a train to get off at a random town hoping for the best 
if a metra train goes to dekalb i will be there tonight 
on my way to dekalb call me if your there 
im going to try to make it to dekalb in two weeks on friday and sat if you want to go start making plans sorry to those i didnt get to see over the weekend 
hah a girl actually made it a point to approach me and say i would be much cuter if i didnt wear BCG's ( birth control goggles ) i guess they are serving their purpose ! 
these heat to over 1500 degrees , to put that in perspective imagine 1 degree 1500 hundred times 
today i < PROPFIRST > blood from someone and it was sweet . Then when my partner was up to draw my blood he looked at the blood in the tube and started to go into what looked like shock . I got to treat him , god he was sweating profusely and shit 
not much beats laying on your ass watching the old shows dinosaurs and strangers with < PROPFEMALE > 
i can wire anything into anything . . . Im the proffesor ! 
reason 37 assasins creed 2 is awesome . . . I get to hunt the pope ! he will bleed 
unless i get my < PROPFEMALE > snatched from me i plan on being in dekalb fri and saturday so be there too ! 
totally has every episode of sealab 2021 
i bet your lymph nodes are big as cats ! 
only in the navy can you get paid the same amount of money to administer shots and clean your room 
it will vaporize earth into . . . Vapor 
will be in dekalb fri and sat night 
< PROPFIRST > malone is brave , < PROPFIRST > malone watched blaire witch project and barely even screamed 
Dekalb was awesome saw like everyone ever 
Is spending all his time shooting off his power bracelets to pictures of villians 
is covered in blood and needle tracks 
the psychologist officially approved me today for psych tech school . . . he must be the one that is nuts . Yes I'll get to work in a frigg'n psych < PROPMALE > !!!! Lifelong dream #1 underway . 
go away im walking on sunshine 
which bear is best ? 
if you know whos number is 1800WEJOUST then you know one thing i intend on doing before < PROPFEMALE > 
the mcdonalds moonman scared the hell out of me when i was little dont look him up on youtube hes too creepy 
this is the death clock put your finger in and it will tell you exacly how long you have to live . Sometimes it off by a few seconds with free will and all . 
if you want an intense day work in an ER fuck i think i got PTSD after that shit . It was fun though . 
im sorry i couldnt hear that im blind in one eye 
yea moe that team sure did suck last night . They just plain sucked . I've seen teams suck before but they were the suckiest sucks that ever sucked 
The best jobs are in healthcare . Rewarding as shit and its much more fun than being a monkey on a register 
where theres a < PROPFEMALE > theres bound to be facehuggers . I hate those scrappy little bastards 
i bet youd like to be home more and not homeless 
when you know that virtually everything is a fabrication made by people trapped in their own specie's mind and all concepts are constructions of said people and there really is no point to anything at all other than perhaps the subjective expierience of pleasure then maybe you've learned to much 
if you know someone or wish to honor someone who was one of the innocent people killed in the explosion of Alderon by the Death < PROPFEMALE > the make this your status for one hour . The Empire is a band of scum that must be brought to justice . 93 percent of people that see this wont post it . Please help in the fight to remeber these souls 
worked out . . . bored . . . Oh well guess ill just drink and watch clerks . And yes i am aware of the time . 
damned history channel theres other things that happened in hisory then WW2 . . . cavemen and pirates were part of history too ! 
helllooooooo nurse 
self improvement isn't the key , now self destruction thats interesting 
is disgusted by the corpsman in training that go to their boot camp for training and harass them when they're already under enough stress . . . A simple everything is going to be alright could make their week 
ahh 2 weeks leave . . . Soon i will go awal and be discovered living in vietnam under the name < PROPFIRST > rambo 
HN Sommerfeld 
the people change but trying to make themselves look like the shit stays the same 
is goin home for leave bitches wooooo ! paid by you the taxpayers !!! 
loves things that are . . . eerie 
mr torture sells pain with his wips and his chains he knows just what you crave if you feelin alone just pick up your phone 
fuck getting up at 4 id rather just not graduate 
is on leave in frankfort call if you dare 
go suck a lamas shitty asshole 
its manifest < PROPFEMALE > you cant argue with that 
lando wears < PROPMALE > clothes at the end of the empire strikes back cause < PROPFEMALE > had an extra pair on the milenium falcon and wouldnt need them frozen also lando didnt bring a pair of clothes with him escaping bespin 
whos more foolish the fool or the fool who follows him - < PROPMALE > 
joined the navy for the free air conditioning 
long islands and shooting zombies in L4D2 sounds like a good way to kill a day . Its weird being able to use the internet again . 
theres 20 dollars on the table do NOT order payperview 
your gf is a keeper when they describe you as < PROPFIRST > norton from fight club 
is just starting the process of getting his taxes done . a little late i suppose 
never say please it makes you seem weak and blithering 
im mentok the mind taker ! 
his mother has a tatoo that reads \son\ " and at museums he is allowed to touch the < PROPMALE > he's the most interesting man in the world " 
now lets get in groups of 2 people and fight to the death with our bare hands 
is watching airplane 2 
first there was the earth then the dinosaurs came and they died cause they were too fat and lazy the they turned into oil then the arabs came and took the oil 
doesnt want to watch shows about law or doctors . Bring back shows with dads having local michigan cable shows about tools ! 
woo !!! laundry day !!!!!! 
is watching a movie staring dolph lundgren 
recycle your animals 
phantom inbound ! 
does anyone actually like cambels soup ? im pretty sure they all taste shitty 
maybe this whole system is over my head i should just stick to stalking , she has a job at the fair , it could be fun to stalk around a fair 
for the 2 weeks i worked in the hospitals i never once did a hospital fold on sheets . Why the fuck are they called hospital folds ? 
just witnessed his friend give a courtesy laugh to the hokey announcer on the tv whiskey tango foxtrot 
he will go to heaven because he served his time in hell 
not even a fire truck can stop drop dead < PROPFIRST > 
maybe it is worth another 50 bucks to get airconditioning for the night 
cant walk straight and its only 7 . . . ohh boy 
go harvest your jerk crops in your jerk town that your the jerk mayor of 
stabbing a person is good for a blade because the minerals blood supply to the blade 
meat 
is down like a clown < PROPFIRST > brown 
they shot me and left me for dead 
is from a technological society driven by sprokets 
i just finnished blowing up the sacred volcano to make space for the sacred volcano super fun park and all the sudden everyone goes ape shit 
do i have to wear my dress whites , do i get a ride from the airport to the base , where do i check in ? fuck it ill just wing-it . 
stupid navy not even giving me the address of where to check in . I have a feeling i will be lost somewhere in portsmouth tommorow with 100lbs of luggage 
with all my happiness aboarted the < PROPFEMALE > painfully starts boarding drinkin to keep from heaving 4pm 4 dollar pints sfo the time is right 
If you stay in one place too long you become that place 
you play a good game boy come east if you dare - phantasm 
portsmouth bound 
Has lived the plane ride 
has mixed feelings about portsmouth the Beq is nice but also humid . But the cheifs actually helped me instead of callinf me a dipshit . 
: P 
this galley blows 
theres a direct correlation between the decline of spiralgraph and the rise in gang activity 
i fucking hate waiting in line 2 hrs only to be put in an even longer line 
im the last class ever at my school . Hopefully they let us blow it up at the end ! 
is watching super < PROPFIRST > brothers super show . 
what the hell wed and fridays are halfdays here and sat and sun off ? this command is crazy . 
i also have w blackhawks status wooooo blending in 
people are nice here so for the time being i will pretend they are my friends because my barraks are empty since the school is closing . What genious decided to send me here after the official closing ceremony for the school and still have 1 last class ? 
Better start thinking of a movie tonight . . . Seagull , dolph , < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > , or where the wild things are 
witnessed stone cold slaughter an entire mexican police department 
two bullets left son one for you one for me - now thats parenting ! 
have you had your 10 servings of meat yet for the day ? 
the right man in the wrong place can make all the difference in the world so wake up mr < PROPMALE > and smell the ashes 
great another fucking orientation how wonderful ! 
why do brains have a tendency to wrap themselves around the negative in times it isnt really neccesary its like an inbuilt < PROPFEMALE > for self destruction . well i dont give a fuck im fairly content with how things are going for me this maladaptive brain is just too obsessed with money . 
payday ! 
goddamn urinalysis is so fucking annoying 
all i want from this mandatory company beach picnic is time to study , eat hot dogs , and the < PROPMALE > of leaving early 
is sitting at a table in IHOP with one of those weird crazy kids that seems likes hes gonna shoot people , someone who barely speaks english , and two of his class instructors , time to pretend to have busy things to do on the phone 
looked at the ocean today and wasnt impressed 
will go fishing with a shotgun cause he hates touching worms 
current wish list for orders goes Iceland , Italy , Spain , Great lakes 
will be in williamsburgh VA this weekend 
i want to get on my knees and start praising jesus i want to feel his warm salvation on my face - cartman 
arrr i seen it that day . . . sure i only have one working eye and my glasses were at the shop that day and my had been infected and id been picking at it all day but i seen that fish !!! 
hah i remeber when i yelled at bros to shut and then went and dressed up as a cop and came back and yelled at the same bros who didnt recognize me then ONCE again changed back to the other clothes and yelled at them 
is being followed around by a puppy 
is going to Philly this 4th of July 
we dont pregame we party twice 
had a pretty badass weekend that included seeing a video of a monkey throwing poop 
today i feel like using a grapplehook to get on a helicopter , hijacking it , then abandoning it as it flies at a building only to deploy my parachute and land on a moving get away vehicle . Thank god a game allows for this . 
oh wow im seeing how much ive forgotten from college this advances my theory even more that college is a waste of time dont let your sons or daughters go ! 
is probably going to busch gardens on sunday 
listened to a piaget lecture for the 300th time today 
another 3 hour lunch break go Navy ! 
in the Navy we have made up words that make talking to people confusing like swab , deck , bulkhead , and scuttlebutt 
. . . The graveyard shift can give you cancer . . . If you follow safety procedures you shouldnt have accidents . . . Kill the lunchbox . . . 
mint blows peppermint is even worse now spearmint . . . Thats something to rave about 
wants to hangout with paranoid schitzophrenics after watching a beutiful mind . . . I bet the catonic type are just a bore ! 
yeesssssss no waking up at 6am to do mandatory jogging tommorow ! im ready to sleep till 11 . 
blow it out your ass 
too many people pretend pizza hut and dominos are actually real pizza 
i saw a cop run by in the hospital with his hand on his gun that probably means an aggiatated psych patient got loose ! god i cant wait to be on the < PROPMALE > ! 
the ways of men are not the ways of dragons . I would tear off his head and feast on his body , but that would be wrong for you . . . I think . 
will go where eagles dare 
goin to a haunted house 
omg the dude in this book was given a mug of ale , bread , cheese , and a meatpie that sounds like the best meal ever ! 
do you fancy yourself some cock . . . If you cant beat em scrotom 
oh theres a radio tower oh i guess thats all there really is to deleware . No wonder anyone heard of this state . i see why all the houses have wheels . To get out . 
is goin to jersey to get white castle 
drinking after looking at the < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > in philly < PROPFEMALE > FUCK YEA ! 
i will never say clever girl in my life out of fear of getting eaten 
is finnally starting to feel his 12 long islands 
fucking paddys pub doesnt actually exist fuck i would be there goddamn i ran up the < PROPMALE > steps but paddys should exist in philly 
mondays always suck even when your off 
brisinger ! 
this fucking retarded Mormon kid in my class is offended by profanity so now we cant swear what the fuck your a sailor and you cant swear what a retard . The worse part is this kid has children . . . 
danzig kicks ass 
the navy- offering free facial reconstructive surgery and boob jobs for the sailors today to help that LT . practice on that < PROPFEMALE > who comes home broken tommorow and needs reconstructive surgery . . . Or a new boob 
im ghost haunting around an old hospital 
you know your liver is on its own fucking program when instead of getting the spins after 20 drinks you end up wrestling 
either come with me quietly or i will cut off your hands and bitch slap you the entire way of were we are going 
everyone knows that the cure for the common cold is to pass a baby under a horse 3 times 
barraks need more puppies and less rules against having said puppies in the barraks 
is going to busch gardens this weekend 
i hate when your sitting happily on your phone then all the sudden the most boring person ever sits next to you and tries to start a conversation on items in the vending machine . . . Then ask for a quarter . 
I feel like watching that minishow on rockos modern life about the ticks that live on spunky 
my motivation to go to the gym is that family feud is on at 4 after class and i dont have cable 
The class before me had 4 great lakes billets and i have the 3rd highest gpa to pick orders i may be going home . 
hey Two-Face can you teach me how to punch a guy ? 
good mourning wood 
is hangin out in a city loft 
i remeber every detail of that night the germans wore gray and you wore blue 
shit i got too drunk yesterday . . . Sweet 
The bible should be in the fiction section 
uniform inspections pfft i should be given a chit to be aloud to do everything in boxers and a wife beater shirt 
stupid early mourning squats . My butt hurts . 
im gonna get someone draino and a funnel and see what kind of things they do with it other than cleaning pipes 
damn you linebeck the pirate always swindling people out of money ! your like the captain < PROPFIRST > sparrow of the < PROPFEMALE > series 
a mystical power is the one of \the man in the back\ " who only has to say the phrase \ " everyone attack\ " to cause a ballroom blitz " 
Another lazy saturday 
wants to get stationed back home with his family and friends 
welcome to earth 
some people need encouragement others need a good swift kick in the ass 
friggin dinsaurs the show is awesome oh and hot tub time machine is too 
is going to pay 50 bucks to get his m6 rifle qual mmm chest < PROPFEMALE > . . . finally ill have more than 2 ribbons ! 
payday tommorow . . . gonna get me some hookas ! And by hooka I mean hookers not hookah . . . and by hookers i mean a 24 pack . 
what the fuck the goddamn BEQ doors arnt keeping the fucking water out from this damn monsoon . Fuck i thought the navy knew a thing or two about water tight integrity 
Bdogs tonight mmmm side cheese on the potato wedges containers . 
jesus christ this week sucks i've been paid to fucking sit on a computer that has restrictions to most websites 
life is silly i dont get how anyone is really serious about anything 
fucking subway always stiffs you on the cheese 
awesome workout today and thats not the best part . . . Taco < PROPFEMALE > afterwords for protein is ! 
They said how can you paint with only one ear to which he responded . . . I cant hear you 
was wrestlin outside the barraks 
just said bloody < PROPFIRST > in a mirror 3 times :O 
nothing is good or bad . . . Thinking makes it so 
no fair i went to bed early and I'm still tired ! I call bullshit ! 
i wasnt gonna drink tonight . . . That is till i found a 14$ bottle of absolute <3 the NEX 
grr i hate reading a book because you want to finnish it fast but the you finnish it and your like aww theres no more . Fucking paradox . 
uh oh pharmacy got their orders meaning im picking soon and theres a lot of talk goin round about fmtb : ( 
is a good kid i go to bed on time and dont file frivilous law suits 
i hope the absolute mango is still on sale tommorow :D 
i got a plan ill drink for 40 days and 40 nights , a sip for evey second hand tick 
i need fun that doesnt go away when i sober up . Deep down satisfying fun . 
rise and shine to the wonderful galley food . . . Wait . . . Shit they dont open till ten wellll fuck ! 
i want to start a tv show for wrestiln outside the barraks 
navy adds need to advertise whole drinking 
and i was drinking you goodbye , my heart flots in the bay , sour home chicago , and you being far away 
goodmorning world your extra bright today why dont you tone it town a notch or two k thnx 
mooned someone in mid coitus 
some lazy sunday afternoon video games 
stayed up to late being a history nerd with mcwreath 
im gettin so jittery orders come out this week or next week and ill finally know where ill be the next few years 
A big factor in my choice of orders is accsess to a barnes and nobles or borders . . . 
pfft 95 on the test screw that im goin AWOL tonight and gettin dragged back by the Masters at arms 
if anyone needs me ill be passed out in loves room 
bless me dark father for i have sinned ive down it before and ill do it again cause it makes me warm and make me smile youve been beneath me this whole while 
i want to go to the zoo to see some sloths : ( 
This is a duktastrophy . . . thats duketastic 
i feel like watching the tick i gotta keep an eye out for those dvds 
that cat was born in a pool of gasoline on a plate of < PROPMALE > scrap metal . . . Ive seen that cat jump through barbed wire into a vat of hot tar . . . That cat is indestructable 
say you wouldnt happen to know what they say about single guys with 2 cats would you 
I got my ass kicked by the sun , sea water , and waves yesterday good times ! 
just was approached by a self described \half retarded\ " man who was belligerantly drunk and said hey help me get kicked out of this place . . . Eventually he did . . . " 
I saw that damn samsqauench eatin outta my trash again 
i come from the hills of europe thats where i met the old man he was lost in the woods i gave him directions and he gave me a tuna can 
counseling PCL is done time to spend the rest of the week pretending to do something productive . . . Damn loss of facebook privliges 
well heres your classic drug story . . . You think your doin coke . . . and it's not , it's angel dust . 
takin your own life with bordom im taking my own with wine . . . 
he made a contract with the devil . . . Typical blues rapsheet 
hmm i wish the galley did delivery 
your a necromancer ? so like what does that mean you have sex with dead people ? 
grrr have to rewrite part of my soap note after spendin a long time on thats shit ! it would help knowin that shit yes but wtf m8 !!! 
i smoked a < PROPFEMALE > slim i felt like a lady in the 20s having shorter hair declairing their independence 
Alcohol . . . the cause of and solution to all of lifes problems 
fml 
< PROPFEMALE > lolcats ! 
im better now having a good time being drunken and horny and selfish and lazy bless me dark father for i have sinned without you im as good as dead bless me dark father i cant win without you im as good as dead 
ocean with a 5th of absolute :D 
crossing my fingers to get orders back home this week . . . 
weigh ins tommorow not everyones getting stool hardeners and throwing up tonight 
bday is coming up better stay sober for a few days 
damnit i wish my xbox didnt eat red dead redemption . . . Greedy bastard ! 
yes ! im goin to bed early tonight . . . Fuckin A ! 
i got orders home !!! no FmF ! YESSS . Orders get finnalized friday . 
hmmm beer or sleep . . . 
k my goal b4 the end of the night is to get a letter to < PROPFIRST > busey to speak at my graduation 
seriously just wrote a letter to < PROPFIRST > busey to come to his graduation 
gots my orders home just gotta keeps em by applyin myself in clinicals 
' Who controls the past ' ran the Party slogan , ' controls the future : who controls the present controls the past . ' 
top 5 philosophers sarte , nietsche , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > , ayn rand , and . . . loa tzu 
uh oh my bodies gettin confused its sober at 5 on a friday . . . Time to start fixin that ! 
my mind has been made SOCO next weekend 
wow when i was woken up i actually asked if i have to go to school today 
my horses seman is worth 10 million dollars everyone in the world is trying to get their hands on it 
holy fuckin shit im drinking goose island ! 
shes beutiful as usual with bruises on her ego . . . Fuckin high school music 
got my bloody marry and < PROPFIRST > got me my favorit beer for my bday im happy : ) 
shit crappins 
druuuuuuunk 
i purged once and and i plan on doin it again 
just got his asshole felt up 
i acciendly got too drunk anfd threw up 6 times . Good times . Also an officer wants my ass 
had one of the best times of his life last night and this morning 
another weekday hrmph 
hurrican a comin 
i dub the sir bobos knight of mars . . . Beater of ass under martian law 
goin to < PROPFIRST > idol tommorow ow ow ow 
its a good day when your tired at 9 : ) love sleeeep 
Hmmm is it worth it to tear off your sleves and ruin your shirt to look good at a < PROPFIRST > idol concert ? . . . I think it is Wooo T minus like 13 fuckin hours ! 
A computer once beat me at chess , but it was no match for me at kick boxing . 
hey psych class they are doing a mock hurricane recall tonight leave your phones on 
Is watching < PROPFIRST > idol where are you 
Were goin to the psych < PROPMALE > and one of looks like a drug dealer , one has a blood covered purse , one still smells like booze , and many of us reek of cigarettes , gotta love the Navy healthcare 
got red dead redemption for the 2nd time . . . my xbox better not eat it ! 
i just skinned a coyotes hide cause they were in my chicken coup ! this game is badass 
that mcwreath boy can handle a little swish but he aint no sommerfeld . I bet he cant he wrangle a horse and break its spirit . 
HOLY SHIT DUKE NUKEM FOREVER IS FUCKING DONE AAND COMING OUT 
is ready for a kneeslappin cowtippin whiskydrinkin balancelossin hodown 
your so crooked you could swallow nails and shoot out corkscrews 
i was saying i was smarter than < PROPFIRST > last night . . . wow i must have been drunk 
Yes ! goin to bed at 8 kicks ass ! ill be dreaming of chicago . 
was on the psych < PROPMALE > for class today ! patients are awesome . 
sigh i get all the drunk text in the mornings cause im usually asleep by 8 or 7 your times . 
was almost put in a choke hold by a patient who thought they were god today but used his lightnight quick reflexes to block it 
patients were awesome today one got jelous i was talking to someone else and sat there and sulked : ( 
Listened to the smiths cursive bad religion brand new and depeche mode and had an epiphany . What have i become ??? 
sense of humor isnt fixed it depends on variables such as the people around you , what you beleive about the person presenting the joke , and your status quo 
i met god yesterday on the inward and i met jesus today . . . i wish i could introduce these 2 
damn i cant do my SOAP note on a patient displaying denial . . . Guess ill just have to do it on their delusions of granduer 
what the fuck does shaggy say ever i cant fucking understand that cats babble 
omg i finnally got to chime in with a havent you people ever heard of closing the goddamn door 
is a man in a boy band 
hmm i knew i needed protein late last night but was 20 mcdonalds nuggets really neccesary . Fuck i need to be bulemic ! its not a disorder its just smart 
i dont know why but i cant enjoy breakfest anywhere but a stip club 
reset button ! 
wow maybe i should live in richmond or williamsburg i havent had a weekend like this in . . . Well maybe like 3 weeks but you get the point 
drunk in a science museum far away from base 20% < PROPMALE > of being UA for duty tommorow 
UA ftw 
can we forget about the things i said when i was drunk ? 
oh noozzz told peoples of past self and the mayhem ooops . 
oh wow on duty today and it appears i just sleep on a couch outside the CO's office and get shaken awake when i do morning colors . 
A casual stroll through the lunatic asylum shows that faith does not prove anything . - Nietzsche 
just waiting for the master cheif to leave and then my duty is over ! 
wtf they have to use security recordings on our class cause we fuck too much shit up . Im drinking at the bar this next weekend holy shit it may be my last here 
hurray for diet day 2 . If i get another 2 days in i might actually be half serious about it 
hopefully my initial interview will be written up by the end of the day and i wont have shit to do next week ! fuck though its already taken 2 hours 
we don't see things as they are , we see things as we are 
i think i want to take a week of leave when i get home . . . Those bastards better put my orders up fast so i can see when i have to report ! 
best part of working out is the kfc fried chicken binge afterwards ! mmm fried geneticly altered chicken breast with 37g protein and less than 400 calories 
hmmm what to do tonight . . . 
ursa < PROPMALE > was the nymph callisto that got raped by zeus and was turned into a bear to be protected from hera . It never dips below the horizon because it cant bathe in the immortals water . 
in heaven everything is fine you got your good thing and i got mine 
i wonder if my new found ability to walk up to the clinically insane and start a conversation will make me better at approaching girls . . . I mean they are pretty much the same thing right ? 
hmm i think i feel like leaving base tonight . . . 
2 for one country balls ! 
im tired of being bored and through with the headaches and hiding my hands that tremble like earthquakes 
heard a voice inside his head from the < PROPFEMALE > man's head in his head saying sommerfeld don't do this ! 
got sobriety on the brain and im toying around with the idea 
i want a meal consisting of stuffed green peppers , shepards pie , coffee , beef and broccolli , and cornbeef hash 
cant they just let me graduate already half my flippin day on your tax dollars is spent looking at stumpleupon and webcomics 
my egos like my stomach it keeps shitting what i feed it 
according to death in bogus journey . . . Reaping burns a lot of calories 
every picture you paint i will paint myself out 
< PROPFEMALE > made his toys out of bones and fecal matter which were defecated on . . . Christmas sucked in a big way 
today i woke up then for class we got on a scale for 10 minutes then got our rooms looked at to see if they are clean then hour and a half break then sitting doing nothing for 2 hours then go home . Typical day in the Navy 
woooo i got time to take leave motherfuckers ! 
Okay waiting for SATO to verify and I should be home to beutiful IL Friday around 5-6 
i think i want to go to the gym today : D 
since by god we mean some infinite good it follows if god exists then evil would not . However evil does exist therefore god does not . - St < PROPFIRST > Aquinas disputing the existance of god 
I like being out of school because now when i pick up a book i know im generally intrested in a subject and truly want to learn out of curiosity . 
when your life is a play and you play as the < PROPFEMALE > role you dont want to give thought to anything outside that and see the structure of why you think that way or how the cosmos itself works 
I feel stupid for ignoring a critical variable for thinking it didnt matter 
yay i got my plane ticket !!! i'll be arriving at O'Hare at 3:16 Friday baby 
i am the government assholes 
Well hes had of kind it in for me ever since i accidently ran over his dog . . . well replace \accidently\ " with repeatedly and replace \ " dog\ " with son " 
the word \I\ " should be a verb rather than a known because its a process not an object " 
is emploeyed by a floating joke 
blech ate too much yesterday 
field day on my room before move out tommorow : ( this will take forever 
woo im officially a psych tec ! look out psychology community theres about to be an epidemic of crazies because of me ! 
the falcon has landed . . . Chicago baby 
hmm perhaps most people just function in their culturally imposed systems with little curiosity of anything else 
oh wow i haven't checked my email in almost a year ooopppsss 
i got halo reach and xbox live . Also a book on antimatter quantom physics and string theory ! 
the relationship between acceleration to gravity is far less intriguing than the relationship of the corn to the dog 
I've been hanging around here eleven years like a church mouse wondering where the cat has gone 
throwing away some of the cages i bought . . . 
One way or another i'm getting BBQ wings tonight . . . even if some bitches gotta die 
oooh first game of multi reach and i got a positive 12 kd ratio i think ill be juuust fine 
I got this android phone I didn't expect to get one of these today 
Ghost adventures ftw 
I'm on halo reach if anyone wants to play 
Talk to someone you haven't In 6 years and you'll see the ruins of a person you once knew 
Sometimes an animal finds itself in an enviroment that lacks a stmulus it needs to develope so it just moves on without and uses compensatory actions 
Holy fucking shit what is this crap first the scientist make the brontasaurs not a real dinosaur then the triceratops and soon fucking raptors . . . 
Checkin into base today 
Join the navy they said . . . See the world they said . . . in my career I may have only left IL once 
I think I'm gonna maximize of this free food the USO has untill my next paycheck . . . Bread cupcakes pie cookies and coffee untill Thursday ! 
We are shaped by our minds we become what we think 
Glaarg 3 day weekend over poooh 
Oooh the goverment is outdoing themselves today they only screwed up half my transfer stuff and not all of it 
He's no different than the rest of you organisms shooting DNA at eachother 
Holding anger is like grasping a hot coal your waiting to throw at someone , you get burned 
Mmm pizza !!! 
Goddamn a taxi and 2 trains ran me 20 bucks making it 40 to go home for a weekend when I only live and hour and a half away 
Yeaaa ghost adventures ! Total bro fest but its still awesome ! 
Is reading an old sociology book and having a good chuckle about how many people are homeless and how the majority race treats the minorities 
Rrrrrawwwwr 
Hopefully I get my checkin done today and I start working fingers crossssed 
Things that caused me problems during check in are . Orders stamp psd omd security clearence goverment traveling card and of course not knowing my job ill day of 
Fortune cookies were invented in 1918 by < PROPFEMALE > an american psychologist 
Well I could put a billboard in outerspace but it would cause massive tidal waves . . . That's a target demographic . . . Gentleman surfs up !!! 
my job is more like the office than like anything psych related . . . 
I think he's attempting re-entry 
Doughnuts . . . Is there anything they can't do ? 
Ugh I learn to do my job and now I go to a class on restraining patients for a week I hope I don't data dump my job after a week : ( 
Oh wow a collateral duty me and love are getting are trainers for take downs and breaking free from patients . . . Pretty awesome 
Quit recycling it waste more energy and resources than it saves that's why you have to pay for it instead of getting paid for it 
I want you < PROPFIRST > marsh ! I want you !!! 
I have shaved virtually everyday for the last year . . . I envy 5 o clock . . . Sport your 5 o clock shadows with pride 
Run to degobah 
Woooo they said my workplace violence presentation was the bomb ! I'm good at presenting it just needs a little violence thrown in . 
Frankfort 
fuck el giante is in my living room and I gotta kill the los plaugos in his back to get to bed 
Taaaaake me to the magic of the moment ! 
Corn is always interesting 
Bye bye weekend hello anticipating the next weekend 
No fair you changed the outcome of the race by measuring it ! 
There wasn't a single horse in the pony express . . . Just horses 
Dekalb today 
Remeber when you would put me in your car all drunk and stuff and try to play around and I would be like adaaaaam and you would just go c'mon 
Its a jeresy thing 
What in the holy crap I've never had a craving for italian wedding soup this bad mmm delicious 
Ohh wow CDs are fuckin awesome a little out of each paycheck each year you don't notice then boom you meet your limit you wanted to save for the year 
Pentublemint gum like pentagram . . . That's badass 
Happy veterans day to all you warriors , even the ones that get their ribbons for sitting at a desk looking at facebook , the foundation of a great military 
Anchors away my boys anchors away ! 
Spacecataz 
I live in the future so it was too late to RSVP 
Hmm I wonder where ill probably be next year usns comfort or guantonomo bay . . . 
Assasins creed brotherhood yea ! 
Lots of duty this week but now I'm done for the week and get a whole weekend : ) I'm playing assasins creed brotherhood allll fuckin weekend ! 
You know I never had a son but your like a . . . Thing that's lives next door 
I'm sorry I hit you when I had the right of way 
I pray your birthday comes and no one calls 
Yay waking up earlier for opening work 
Late november tornado watch wtf ? 
Damn so close to 3rd class without even studying next time around . . . 
A special thank you to those that can't be with their famalies today 
I kill you like I killed my 3rd wife . . . She was bitch 
There's something out there and it ain't no man . . . We all gonna die 
Call of duty has taught me that castro and < PROPFIRST > nixon make a pretty good zombie slaying combo 
Sippin whiskey out the bottle not thinkin bout tommorow 
I've changed his diet to only dry food and he's not allowed on the furniture 
pish how come my body can't work out when I'm asleep 
weird i was given a 12 hour watch 1845 sunday to 0700 monday morning but now i don't have to work on monday . . . should be interesting . 
Maybe you hid my flamethrower because I make poor choices with it ! 
Everyone knows that archiologist run with a rough crowd including < PROPFIRST > connery , traitorious monkeys , and asian kids . 
mmm studyin for advancement alllll night . . . woo only 12 hours to go 
hrmph i go to all this trouble to set up an automatic online < PROPMALE > payment and what do i get . . . doesn't start for 45 days ! I still have to order a checkbook and send a check through the mail ! Good greif ! 
I see < PROPFIRST > eating grass all the time 
With my final breath I curse zoidberg ! 
I'm getting deployed to cuba in march . . . comrad 
I hope you can see this because I'm doing it as hard as I can * beep * 
I want my own awesome-o robot 
Hehe the galley in cuba has steak and lobster ! 
strippers are always single mothers , college students , or coke addicts 
Is out hunting sasquatches 
anyone got the sims3 on xbox is it good ? 
Is granny spry ? 
Found a wrong way . . . To eat a reeses 
In loving memory of < PROPMALE > henson 
I'm gonna make an alternate xmas special where that one guy jumps off the bridge , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > dies , and insted of shooting out his eye that kid blows zombie brains 
My friend made duke nukem on the sims3 so I should make snake blisken 
The guy in the 12 days of xmas song gives shitty presents 
one pt has called today . when the phone rang I thought to myself what the hell is that for a second . 
wooo 96 hours of < PROPFEMALE > coming up ! 
Wendys in the best fastfood place hands down if you disagree then go eat some crappy mcdonalds 
Thank god new insurance laws allow me 200 catheters a month I need them 
That big shiny thing in the sky could be named \the carl \"" 
Hah I got a patient on watch that already had an appointment with the people I was sending them to the next day . wasn't even a danger to themself or anything . 
Hah I don't know how I had such a bad hangover I only had 13 drinks . had to go back gto sleep till 1300 
Good food is paramount 
Sometimes you just gotta hurry up and wait 
I could really go for some xbox right around now . . . 
Who would have thought what would save this company would be work ? 
I didn't care when it was 1/1/11 and similarily I don't care that it is 1/11/11 
We need less goverment spending on useless things and more goverment spending on game servers that don't work right ! 
OH NOZ the dentist said I have gingivitis !!! It's the leading cause of tooth decay ! Oh why oh why didn't I floss ? 
a girlscout sold cookies at our clinic today to us psych techs . . . she left < PROPMALE > 
trying to take leave 18FEB to 2MARCH hopefully I miss the VA Choas 
Fuck halo I just smashed the controller over that shit and its not even that fun 
Hospitalmen love a good party : D 
Snow eh ? 
I love inside jokes . . . Id love to be part of one someday . 
I d gladdy pay you tommorow for a cheeseburger right NOW 
DUKE NUKEM IN MAY BITCHES ! 
Learning things is good but remeber were only going to die 
I churn butter once or twice living in an amish paradise 
Just walked past a commander with 2 cases of beer and a beer < PROPFEMALE > 
Fooseball ! I heard its popular . 
HN welch gets emlployee of the week for helping me answere a billion phone calls this morning . 
Fuckin A ! I got to do an intro interview with a patient today I got to pretend to be a psychologist ! Being a psych tech kicks ass . 
I was thinking it was weird that memories exist in a non physical plane then I remebered reality does too so it is no longer weird . 
Kentucky just passed the best law ever . To be on foodstamps , medicaid , or cash assistance on your children or yourself , you have to pass a DRUG test . Now every other state should do the same . We have to take a drug test to work and pay taxes ; you should have to take a drug test to receive those taxes . If you agree re-post . 
I'm gonna do what I want and I'm gonna get paid 
Mother fuckin juke box cut off my < PROPFIRST > idol to playh < PROPMALE > krabitch fuck 
its nice not getting charged state tax in IL for being active duty military ca < PROPFEMALE > ! 
the russians created this snowstorm via weather machines with the master scheme of reinstating communism and taking over the world 
Will be walking to work in a blizzard with 20inches of snow and 40mph winds tommorow at 0700 over bridges . Fuck . 
Though they may act like infants soon I'm going to be surrounded by people that hate me just because I'm American and will have to treat them . The patient first 
asshole cop told me to walk on the sidewalk instead of the street this morning . there was no fucking sidewalk . . . jerk . why don't you get your dumbass in the snow and walk to work ! 
A night pondering higgs fields and cosmological constants . Electroweak force connection to the grand unified theory ? Hadron colider show me higgs boson particle 
\How do you delete those e-mails ? What button do you push ? \"- < PROPFIRST > \ " Delete \"- Me " 
Diagnosed with cancer ? Tell cancer it has 2 months to live- courage wolf 
I saw a vermont teddybear commercial and it makes me see how pointless accumilating a bunch of useless shit is thankgod I'm a sailor 
< PROPFIRST > marsh is at work right now work is boring ! 
What the hell how come its when I'm quiting smoking I always feel like I have to vomit . 
I just want to take another moment to discourage anyone from ever going to college or letting their kids go . Biggest waste of money ever . 
Damned north chicago VA not having parking for their staff unlless you get up at 530 
1 good thing has happened this week and it only cost 150$ for love . . . Oh wait that sounds bad ! I'm payin HA Love for going to work for me . 
The violin is the only good sad sounding tune 
I thought I needed to just get a signature . I thought it would take 5 minutes . I forgot it was the Navy . 2 signatures in 2 days over 3 hours . 
my family was killed by a necromorph need money to buy a plasma cutter and beer 
My friends salary got bumped up to 70000 . We had a good talk about making sure he doesn't get married and that he spends it responsibly on hookers and blow 
Juggy twins are twice as nice . 
He's 170 lbs of ripped muscle . . . Too bad he weighs 225 
I just told the bar tender \some people piss excelence but I just piss blood \"" 
I likes me a good visit to the nuddy bar ! 
I have never eaten so much white castle in a week 
I want ribs 
Fuck IT session about to get my ass handed to me hellllloooo 3 hours of mandatory physical training . Kill me . 
Today an HM2 taught me how to do a circothyriodectomy on a dummy . God help the person if I ever have to do it to them . 
Looks like my leave got approved I will be home the week of the 21st 
Tell uncle to let old yeller out . . . Tell < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > I won't be comin home this christmas . . . And tell < PROPFIRST > I do give a damn ! 
Yeeesss !!! I'm off tommorow ! Now starts my paid vacation for a week ! On my way to the liquer store . 
maaan im gettin all trashed and shit enjoying my commondities . I'll miss the shit on deployment . Ahhh well it's better to own your stuff than for it to own you . 
A E I O U and if that jerk Y ever decides to show up 
Goddamnit mexico sucks I've been spending all day on red dead redemption trying to leave it 
Has photographs of coming out of a place of not well repute 
I cannot gettover how cool cooldog is 
in frankfort for the week before I check out of great lakes 
A newspaper has more calories than a head of letuce 
Someone will shoot dimebag < PROPMALE > on stage but no one has the balls to shoot < PROPMALE > mathews ? 
We need a strong motivated female workforce that only cost 60 percent of what a man makes ! That's profit ! 
Priest talk about tasteless waffers and aetheist always talk about spaghetti monsters . Glad I'm dogmatic so I can eat whatever the hell I want like bbq ! 
I just finnished blowing up the sacred volcano to make place for the sacred volcano family theme park and then all the sudden everyone goes ape shit . Litterally 
I got you a bag of weed ! I don't smoke it myself but I won't judge you ! 
3 people recomended leaving las vegas to me this week so I'm watching it 
Time to throw out my tv the batteries in the remote are getting old 
Anyone find it odd that chewbacca has a crossbow that shoots lazers ? What is the rational behind that ? 
Has good looks that are deciernible over vast distances , and through solid metal . 
Crab people ! . . . Crab people ! 
My cell phone went off in front off the command master cheif of the VA and it goes \yippeekiya motherf *****!\" Ooopps " 
Arg I got stood up by the Commanding Officer ! I always show up 15 minutes prior and this is what I get ??? 
I hunger . . . For fish and chips . 
I still don't get how the Navy gave me a raise for going to college , however according to the Navy I never went to college ? 
Batdad knows no fear ! Bat dad knows no pain ! I want you < PROPFIRST > marsh ! I want you ! 
There is an ATM machine in antartica 
The point of burgerly is not stealing stuff its about breaking into their house to see who their our and show them how to value what they have . 
Hmm what to have for dinner tonight 
Does anyone have any spare parts for an R2 unit mine keeps beeping at me . 
The name of the trenchcoat comes from WWI when germans had heavy wool coats to make it hard for blades to rip through . 
Look can I just have one . . . Funnel eating constest . 
What does DNA stand for ? Do not enter my pool . . . Assman . 
Meeting a zen master on the road face him with neither words nor silence . Give him an uppercut . And you will be called one who understands zen . 
I got searched at the airport . I had an xbox and wires and shit in my bag and of all things they took my shampoo . 
In mississippi now . Go figure one of the first thing I see is a wafflehouse 
The galley in mississippi is nice . You can actually eat healthy food . Go cottage cheese ! 
Damn you fleet and family support I was told about you 300 times already in orientations why must I hear about you again in presentations ??? 
I just had a drunk waitress at hooters ask if she smelled like alcohol and say that's why you got tic tacs !!! Only in mississippi . 
I think they put all the stuff that sucks on TV in the morning to get us to go to school 
Cavaties are a creation of the liberal media to scare you into buying useless appliances and paste . 
Uniform issue !!! Wooo ! Get to look like a badass . Keyword \look \"." 
In Texas 
Red dead redemption was right ! Texas looks just like that area in the game ! 
I was just on the stairmaster listening to \your the best around \"" 
Booo for sunburn 
I think I want my next duty station to be Europe 
Lame democrats and republicans your both retarded . Finalize the damn budget so the troops can be paid before June . 
Going to the theater 3rd day in a row . Life without alcohol is rough . Damned training . . . Well its fun training . . . 
Feels like listening to bizzare love triangle by new world order 
All conditioning aims at that . Making people like their inescapable social < PROPFEMALE > . 
I'm glad I don't have to keep up with hipster music and stop liking it when other people learn what crappy band it is 
really likes photons ! 
More breifs ARGHHH ! 
fights for freedom of the masses , not beurocrats . 
I missed muster today . . . No one cared . I should make a habbit out of this . 
Morning wood sucks I have to wait till it goes away to go to the open bay showers with guys in there . 
Is still preoccupid with 1985 
Hookers die all the time it is in their line of work . What is good is that you remain calm and remeber to clean everything up . 
www.dontevenreply.com 
Going on deployment brb . 
BANANA RATS !!! They are my heros . I want to domesticate one . 
Hungry for some dead animals 
Drove around a gator on the side of a < PROPMALE > looking at a caribean sunset over the sea . This is the kind of shit you see in those military recruiting ads . 
work is boring lol * most creative status ever * 
I hate when people say they look like actors they look nothing like 
