Got food poisoning from McD's , have medical records to prove it . Mostly free money , here I come . Any advice ? Thinking about confronting the store owner with my med records and asking to settle out of court for $ 5,000 ( when the average settlement is $ 10,000 -$ 20,000 ) . 

Yep , my Saturn is pretty much totalled . What the hell do I do now ? I guess I could just go to Canada with the rental ... 
So now instead of totalling out the car that has $ 3,500 worth of damage when the car is only worth $4 , 000 , Allstate is going to pay for the repairs minus the $ 1,000 deductible and stick me with just over a month's worth of rental fees , which comes out to just over another $ 1,000 . I am going to kill my Allstate agent . 
Borrowing one of my Dungeons and Dragons ' buddies ' car ! Promised to replace the battery in his < PROPFIRST > , replace the antifreeze , and keep the tank full . SAVED . 
So my cat Spazz is apparently a little hussy , coming home knocked up without a man or welfare check to show for it ! I should have sent her off to college as soon as her eyes opened ! 
This has been such an awesome week ! 
I'MMA CHARGIN MAH LAZUR !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 1112 
The kittens are old enough to crawl ... all over me and my keyboard ! Help ! Help ! 
So the tax refund that was supposed to be here LAST FRIDAY now is not arriving until April 6th . WHAT THE FUCK MAN . 
Worst vacation EVER . 
Trying to fiddle with website coding in CSS , anybody have any suggestions/requests for a practice project ? 
First day on the job today . :D Woohoo ! 
Sooooo Travelocity . Not a good time . 
I am so awesome . I just moved a ton of furniture and cleaned the house in an hour without waking up my puppy . * tailwag * 
Arrr , lads n lassies ! If ye didn't know , ye can hit < PROPFEMALE > language preference at the bottom left corner of the screen and change < PROPFEMALE > tongue o ' choice to PIRATE ! 
if you like this status , I will tell you one thing I like about you . Feel free to repost ! 
so I was taking a bath and then I wondered . Why do air bubbles stick to hair when it goes underwater ? 
guuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuh . Just ......... guuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuh . My fucking car broke again ...... just ....... guuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuh . 
Car is fixed . >.< 
Guys , I have an announcement ! Pup has agreed to do my hair for my birthday . I am getting dreadlocks . X3 September 4th is going to be the best stay-at-home-with-hubby-because-you-have-no-local-friends-except-that-one-group-who-isn't-really-your-friends ( that is a rather large hyphenated section ) birthday ever . DREADLOCKS , YOU HEAR ME BIOLOGICAL MOM AND DAD ? YOUR DAUGHTER WILL LOOK LIKE A DAMNED HIPPY . MWAHAHAHA !!!! 
* sigh * I wish Facebook had a \Dislike\ " button for status updates that are offensive . :/ " 
I want to build my own ecofriendly home out of recycled goods , but building permits are expensive and it's a pain in the ass to pass inspections . What do I do ? Call it a storage cellar ? Build it without permits ? 
Dear 10 year old Darkie : seriously ? This video game is the * worst * game I have ever played . And I played both prequels to this . There is no voice acting , soundtrack is awful , the dialogue is poorly translated and confusing , and there is no map feature when there's over 2500 locations . W . T . F . 
Burned 550 calories on the treadmill today . YES . :D 
went to bed nine hours from waking up , managed about 4 hours of sleep . This couch potato thing ends TODAY , even if it takes police involvement . He . WILL . Get off my couch . 
wasn't feeling as motivated today , only burned 250 calories today . I expect more of me on wednesday . 
went to wal-mart and finally saw a poster of this < PROPFIRST > Bieber character . I felt dirty as if looking at child porn . Lesbian child porn . Seriously . First < PROPFIRST > and now this ? Clearly , to lower our population , we are now seeking unappealing , infertile partners . Wtf ? 
are you or were you ever a fan of Kingdom Hearts ? If so , how ? Where is the fun part of this game ? 
Is anyone online right now with texting abilities ? I got locked out of my hotmail account and don't have a phone on me to get the confirmation code . 
woohoo , new week everybody ! :D 
Important notice everyone ! Since this is apparently surprising some people , I want to make this clear . Do . Not . EVER . Post pics of me without my prior consent or approval . Especially not childhood pictures . I will block you . Repeat : I will block you . 
Good gravy . How is it friday already ? 
huh . So it turns out , wisdom teeth growing in sideways , threatening to shove fillings out of nearby teeth , is NOT fun . Learn something every day . 
Redreading today , with professional sections this time so everything should look much better this time . In a few months I'll be able to dye them . I can't * wait * . :D Will definitely upload pics , but I have nothing to wear . :( Goodwill , perhaps ? 
Buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo . It's a gramatically correct sentence . Proof at en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Buffalo_buffalo_buffalo 
If you're into currency trading or stock market trading , I found a website ( eToro ) that lets you play with virtual money . If you get uber at it , there's competitions with fake money , or there's always real money to play with . I suck so far though . XD Mom ? Help ? 
If you had infinite money , what would you do with it ? 
Happy Samhain errbuddy ! Make sure to demand free < PROPFEMALE > from your neighbors ; it's your right as an American on this day ( sorry Aussie and Norway buddies ) . 
Just tried to watch District 9 on Netflix . Just ... horrific . We got through the first 20 minutes and quit watching . 
Dr. Horrible's Sing-along Blog . Can not recommend highly enough . 
Remember , remember , the 5th of November . The gun powder , treason , and plot ... 
Deleted some buddies who don't seem to use facebook anymore . It's not a social statement . Please don't get all \why'd you delete this person ? are you being a drama llama ? \ " because I'm not . Thank you . <3 " 
Today marks the beginning of year six that I have been lucky enough to have the ultimate partner at my side . Though you have no Facebook , Happy Anniversary Puppy ! 
Dear Twilight fans , Please realize that because vampires are dead and have no blood pumping through them , they can never get an erection . Enjoy fantasizing about that . Sincerely , Logic . 
And it's time to take the dreadlocks out again , this time I did them too thin so they keep matting up like beaver tails . XD Third time will be the charm though , I can feel it ! 
Dear Deity , thank you in advance for making tomorrow a much better day than today was . :) 
30 hours until I get to go see the new HP movie ! YAY ! 
I CAN'T SLEEP . Puppy's signing out for leave in 4 hours and we will then frantically pack everything at the absolute last second and pass out until it's time to go to VEGAS BABY . 
Vegas is awesome . I will be posting a blog ( blag ) about it on Tuesday , but until then , just be content in the knowledge that it's awesome . 
Home from Vegas . :D 
I always find such joy in getting things done , yet I am a lazy procrastinator . WHY ? D: 
I have made my bangs into dreadlocks ! After they have five or six months to adjust to their new shape , I will be following up with the rest of my head . 
* sigh * I'm so tired of not having any local friends . 
Today marks day one of my attempt to get more healthy . Just sticking to calorie counting ( current goal is 1700 a day , will work down to 1500 a day ) and ten minutes of Wii Fit a day . Before pictures have been taken and after pictures will follow . 
* inserts head into wall * 
PLEASE put this as your status if you know someone who has been eaten by a dragon . Dragons are nearly unstoppable and , in case you didn't know , they breathe fire . 60% of people WON'T copy and paste this because they have already been eaten by dragons . 
wish I didn't have such bad luck with computers ... This is the third HDD I have broken . XD any suggestions ? 
Hey guys ! :D Got a computer again . Katt is probably right as to the cause of death of the last laptop , as Pup likes to put the laptop in a backpack and take it to work while it's in standby mode . 
Well , I think it's about time to get ink #2 . I think I've settled on what I want next . I've drawn it on myself in permanent marker , and if I haven't gotten sick of it in a month , I'm getting it . :D As to what \it\ " is ... you'll just have to see in a month . ;) " 
Like my status and I'll post the answers on your wall :\ 
1 . What's your name saved as on my phone ? \ 
2 . How long have I known you ? \ 
3 . What's my most memorable moment with you ? \ 
4 . One word to describe you ? \ 
...... 5 . What I love about you ? \ 
6 . What I hate about you ? \ 
7 . You've just been dared to make this your status . \ 
\ 
Stole from < PROPFIRST > Escoto . 
Happy Buy Useless Crap For Your Spouse day ! :D 
IMPORTANT . Tomorrow Facebook will change its settings to allow zombies to come into your house while you sleep and eat your brains with a sharpened spoon . To stop this from happening go to Account / Home Invasion Settings / Cannibalism / Brains and un-check the \Tasty\ " box . Please copy and re-post ! " 
I see you driving\ 
round town with the girl I love\ 
and I'm like , haiku . \ 
( please , it's a stolen joke . I'm not * that * clever . ) 
Huh . So I asked someone what their preferred mix drink is , and they accused me of being alcoholic . I am not , and therefore denied the accusation , and am now being told I have a temper problem and \start the day again . \ " So my friend's list just went down by one person . :D \ 
I have a toaster ! * squeeeeeeee * 
You and I wake up in a psychiatric < PROPMALE > together . Using only four words , what would you say to me ? Don't let me down . X3 
So let me get this straight ... Kelsey Grammer can end a 15 yr marriage by phone , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > can be on divorce #9 , < PROPFEMALE > Spears had a 55 hour marriage , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and Tiger Woods while married were having sex with EVERYONE , 53% of Americans get divorced and 30-60% cheat on their spouses . Yet , same-sex marriage is going to destroy the institution of marriage ? Really ? \ 
Re-post if you find this moronic ... 
Played DnD last night and for once it was actually fun instead of filled with drama and yelling and stupid people being stupid . Hooray ! :D 
Okay , now I'm pissed . I e-mailed Dream Power ON THURSDAY . They have a 24 hour response time policy . Still nothing . If I don't get something today , then tomorrow morning they'll have a surprise on their doorstep . 
Bought one of them awesome change jars that counts the change for you . :D 
I hate outgrowing people . 
A group of turkeys is called a \cream . \ " That is all . " 
just dropped off the kittens . I am an emotional wreck now . Yay . 
Why is it that the more ignorant someone is , the more they are CONVINCED they are right ? 
Saw < PROPFIRST > , and it is FANTASTIC . 10/10 . Go see it ! 
I am so skilled at bowling that I managed to bowl a 0 with the bumpers up . Awww yeah ! 
Ever have one of those days that every time you open your mouth , no matter who you talk to , you're ignored or made to feel stupid ? How do you deal with that ? 
You and I end up in a police car together : Using only 4 words , what would you say to me ? Note : if you comment , you must copy and paste this as your status , so I may comment on yours as well . Be a good sport and play along ... 4 words are harder than you think .... 
Dear snow : You must be lost . The North Pole is that way . 
Wrestlemania was fantastic this year . Not one disappointing match . Also can't help but be happy that I called 5 of 7 matches correctly . 
* sigh * Damn you money . 
