Weekends over ... back to work ! 

Have a great Cinco de Mayo Everyone ! :) 
Wishing it was Thursday , which is my Friday ! :) 
Yay ! It's Thursday ! :) 
Have a great day everyone ! 
Just found out Kings of < PROPFIRST > will be playing in S.D in July .... Woohoo ! this day just keeps getting better ! ;) 
Yay ! Looking forward to start my weekend ! 
;) I was parked texting & some guy pulled over to ask me if I had car trouble .... that was funny ! But also so sweet of him ! But least I pull over to text ! I Don't want a ticket ! 
Is enjoying day off ! So many things to do ... where to start ! ;) mmm , I think I'll start with a nice cup off coffee . 
Hey everyone next time you pick up a prescription at pharmacy ... make sure you got the right med . I picked up my med yesterday & noticed this morning that it's the wrong med ! Luckily I know what it looks like . I looked up the description of the tab online found out it's for something completely different ... Scary !! guess I'll add going to pharmacy to my list . 
wishing all the mommies a Happy Mothers day !! ;) Luv u All ! 
is at Zumiez ( EC mall ) & waiting for my nephew to pick out a shirt .... I thought I was bad !! ha , ha I guess he takes after his auntie ;) 
Happy Monday everyone ! :) 
stuck in my office ... waiting on my car wash guy ! :) 
Finally got my car back ... my baby is nice & clean ! It was worth not taking lunch . :) 
Yay ! This is my Friday ! Looking forward to my weekend ! :) 
Enjoying my first cup of coffee . Have a great day everyone ! 
Trying 2 get all my appts straightened out . Apparently I have 2 be in Poway & La jolla on the same day ... how did I manage 2 schedule 2 Dr. Appts on same day & same time ? 
Just got home from running errands with my mom . I feel for anyone working outdoors ... it is hot out there(95 degrees) ! 
In ec thinking about getting my nails done . Should I or not ? Decisions , decisions ! ;) 
Heading home , need a break . It's hot out here . 
Having a nice quiet evening at home . We don't get many of those around here ! :) 
Have a great day everyone ! :) 
In ec waitng for my dad to be called in for his appt . 
I back in my cool office . :) 
OOOH that was scary ! Me alone in the office and an earthquake ... Not fun !!!!! 
If you're stuck - get real about what you're afraid to ask for and then ask for it . It's not about getting what you want , it's about becoming more authentically yourself by developing the courage to act as who you really are . 
My sweet , sweet , brother wanted to treat me to lunch & as luck would have it .... I have to go to a meeting in E . C .... I was so looking forward to having lunch with him . Well I guess there is always next time . :) 
Short work week for me ! :) Tomorrow I have to be in S . D ... Don't miss me at work Atzimba . ;) 
I am off to S.D. I am hoping for some ... I take that back , I know I will get good news this time around . ;) Have a great day everyone ! 
Having lunch at Filippi's Pizza Grotto . Mmmm food is goood ! Is it two early 2 have wine ? 
Iam home now ... Really not liking the weather . 
Our mind gives us a thousand ways to say no . There is only one way to say yes & that is inspired by the heart . I just read this on my calendar & I Loved it ! ;) 
In Imperial with my wonderful & greatest hair stylist . ;) 
Heading home ... my hair looks beautiful as one lady commented as I left the saloon ! Love it ! ;) 
Ok who's rocking the boat ? ;) 
So thankful I don't have 2 work weekends ... like someone I know ! ;) 
Choose Kindness over being right ! Choose Faith over Fear ! 
Celebrating my nephew < PROPFIRST > & my dad's bday ! ;) 
Good Morning ! Mmmm , On my first cup of cofffee . ItLs going to be a wondeful ! ;) 
Make every day count . Appreciate every moment & take from it everything that you can , for you may never be able to experience it again . 
Goodmorning everyone ! :) 
Be a Trend Setter ... \ 
Do not follow where the path may lead , go instead where there is no path and leave a trail . 
On my way to another management meeting . Should be interesting . I hope ! :) 
Love is patient , love is kind . It does not envy , it does not boast , it is not proud . It is not rude , it is not self-seeking . It is not easily angered , it keeps no record of wrongs . Love does not delight in evil , but rejoices with the truth . It always protects , always trusts , always hopes , always perseveres . Love never fails . \ 
I Corinthians 13:4 -8 Have a great day everyone ! 
It's sister week !!!! If you have a sister \ 
who is a Blessing in your life , copy and paste this to your status with \ 
their names at the end ...... Maria , < PROPFEMALE > , Lurdes , & Bobbie(Bobbie , \ 
I you're my niece but your more like a sister ) I Love You \ 
Lots !!!!!!!!! 
Yay , it's my Friday ! :) 
Smile , it makes people wonder what you're thinking . :) 
Have a great day everyone ! I just realized I have a 4 day weekend ... sinnce Monday is a Holiday . :D 
Right now there is a Correctional Officer at work in a world full of psycho's , sicko's and sociopath's . They are often outnumberd 100-1 . Often they are assaulted , humiliated and exposed to disease . They endure all of this to keep the bad guys behind bars and off our streets . It's law enforcement appreciation week . Let's not forget CO's . If you are a CO , know a CO , or love a CO please repost ...... 
Goodnight everyone ! :) 
Goodmorning everyone ! It's going to be a great day ! ;) 
At Cinnabon ... mmm smells soooo good ! 
Heading home ... :) 
Does anybody notice these facebook ads ... want a BF ? MeetSingleDads ? WineClubs ? Okay so I'm bored ... but does anybody actually buy into these ads ? lol :) 
Weekends over .. early day tomorrow .. goodnight everyone ! 
Goodmorning everyone ! Have a great day ! :) 
Good Morning ! It's a beautiful morning ... weather is nice ... only wish it'd stay like this ALL summer ! :) 
Good Morning FB Family & Friends ! So thankful for this beautiful morning . Have a wonderful day ! :) 
Have a great Friday everyone ! :) 
Watching one of my all-time fave movies The Notebook . My other fave is P.S. I Love You . :) 
The future creates the present by motivating people to act today for what they can have , be , and do in the future they envision . -Spike < PROPMALE > 
On my way to EC looking for a formal dress for my niece . She'll be an Arch Barrer @ the 8th grade graduation in Calipat . Should be fun finding a dress ... she hates dresses ! :D 
Yes ! After 3 stores we found a dress ! Now we are going to dinner at AppleBees . Yay ! :) 
Now about to drive home . AppleBees dinner was great ! :D 
Just found out 1 of my nieces ( < PROPFEMALE > ) from S.D is graduating from H . S ... I am < PROPFEMALE > proud of her ! :) 
Goodmorning everyone ... have a wonderful week ! ;) 
Life was much easier when the 6 weeks holidays were too short , decisions were made by eeny meeny miny mo , tears were caused by skinned knees and boys were yukky ! 
Sneak out 4 an early lunch . Farmer Boys .... mmm 
Thinks Sometimes You Just Need To Be With The Person Who Makes You Smile Even If It Means Waiting :) 
says , good morning to everyone .. have a nice day and may God Bless Us All ! 
Take opportunities whilst you're given them - it could turn out to be the best thing that ever happens to you ... and some things are a one time only offer ! =) 
On my way to La Jolla ... Looking for to escaping the heat ... even if it's only for a few hours . :D 
enjoying my Starbucks ... thanx Dr C =) 
Agrees that some things are better left unsaid ... but she's usually going to say them anyway ! It's when she stops talking that you should start to worry . 
It's amazing how 1 word from the right person can turn your day around & make you feel better ! =) 
Off to the Optometrist ... I don't think I need glasses ... they are just making the font smaller & the keys to my cell phone smaller . ;) 
is 
Went to costco & as I told < PROPFIRST > the employee helping get my things on checked out ... I got everything I needed & even what I didn't . He said it takes a very strong person to leave with only what u needed . I also bought Shutter Island which he said was a great psychological movie ... he said it was a great choice . :) I guess I'll have to find out tonight . :) 
17 days till Twilight's-Eclipse ... but who's counting ! :D 
Watching Food Networks The Next Food Network < PROPFEMALE > . This time they are doing the show at The < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Pier . It just reminded me of how much I loved The < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Pier ... I am so wanting to go back to the pier ! :D 
Goodmorning everyone ! Have a great week ! :) 
Omg did everyone feel that ? I hate earthquakes !! 
Goodmorning FB Fam & Friends . Have a great day ... hopefully with no shakes ! :D 
Looking forward to having lunch tomorrow with my x-work/crew who also happen to be my awesome friends ! :D Miss you all sooo Much ! :) And there is so much to catch up on !!! :) 
aaah so not feeling well ... had dental work done late this afternoon ... now the Lidocaine is finally wearing out ... I am in pain ... I did not want to take the pain med ... 
Busy afternoon .. I meet my friiends for lunch , go back to follow up with dentist , then meet < PROPFEMALE > . My favorite is that I am really looking forward to lunch with my friends . ;) 
on my way to AppleBees .... yay !! 
Hey < PROPFEMALE > guess who also works at applebees ... the guy funny from starbucks ! :) 
is Blessed to have the most wonderful dad in the world ... Love You Dad & Happy Father's Day ! Aso l want to wish all the great FB Dads a Happy Fathers Day ! :) 
had a wonderful dinner ( BBQ ) with family for dad's special day . We missed 2 maybe next time they can make it . We have to enjoy every day together because it's a gift & tomorrow is not promised . \ 
Now Enjoying Lifetime's movie \Double Wedding\ " with < PROPFEMALE > & < PROPFEMALE > Mowry . " 
Treat everyone with LOVE , even those who are rude to you not because they are not nice , but because YOU are nice ! 
Remember there's no such thing as a small act of kindness . Every act creates a ripple with no logical end 
Kind words can be short & easy to speak but their echoes are truly endless . ~ Mother < PROPFEMALE > 
NEVER apologize 4 being U ! If its not so gr8 , wk on it , if its gr8 , embrace it ! But always b ur Own individual , PERFECTLY the way u were made ! -KLS 
Buona notte sogni d'oro! Good night sweet dreams ! 
Buona notte sogni d'oro 
Had a great day in S . D ... love getting away from this heat ! :D 
loves it when everything turns out better than u imagined !!! 
looking forward to seeing Kings Of < PROPFIRST > tomorrow night .... yay !!!! :) 
Sometimes you put walls up not to keep people out , but to see who cares enough to break them down . <3 <3 <3 
Live in the moment , and make it so beautiful that it is worth remembering . <3 <3 <3 
its nice when you can think about someone and smile <3 <3 <3 
I am feeling grateful and very blessed ... had a roll-over accident yesterday after work and was fortunate to walk out of it unharmed . I was told my car might be considered totaled but as my family told me that is replaceable ! I am blessed to have such a wonderful family and friends . 
Life comes with no guarantees , no time outs , no second chances , you just have to live life to the fullest ! <3 <3 <3 
Hi everyone !!! <3 
:) Just one of those smiley face days <3 
has so many reasons to keep smiling . Sending loving thoughts and wishes your way ! Have a blessed day everyone ! <3 <3 <3 
May peace be your gift at Christmas and your blessing all year through !! <3 <3 <3 
Enjoying a beautiful day off at my home away from in Arizona .... and Luving it !! & lt ;3 & lt ;3 
Red Lobster for dinner ! Lobster & shrimp for dinner and a mixed < PROPFIRST > Sangria ... yum ! ;) < PROPFEMALE > I thought of you when I had my dinner & Sangria ... you need to come visit again ! :D 
Drench yourself in words unspoken , live your life with arms wide open , today is where your book begins , the rest is still unwritten . ? 
Sometimes the biggest source of inspiration comes from the person you see in the mirror everyday . Look yourself in the face and remember you ARE worth it ! <3 <3 
Good morning everyone !!! Thanks all the wonderful birthday wishes ! <3 
Great Blessings & True Happiness sometime require stepping out of Ur comfort zone & knowing U deserve the best 4 Ur life . Never Settle !!! 
being an individual is worth more than a copy , so remember you were not born to fit in , but rather to stand out ! <3 
Thank Atzimba & Yaneth for the surprise Belated B-Day cake , lunch , flowers & other gifts . You girls made me feel SO Very , very , very Special .... Thanx ! :) 
\May flowers always line your path and sunshine light your day . May songbirds serenade you every step along the way . May a rainbow run beside you in a sky that's always blue . And may happiness fill your heart each day your whole life through . ” IRSH BLESSING´¯`· . ¸ ..? ****´¯`·.¸..< 3 " 
