sick and just plain sick ... too cold 

sick and bored ... \ 
doing the homework i should have done 2 days ago to be finished with .... yawn 
Every person has 1000 wishes . A cancer patient only has one : to get better . I know that 97% will not post this as their status , but I know that my friends will be one of the 3% and put this as their status , at least for an hour , in honor of those who died because of cancer or are still fighting it 
Changeyour\ 
profile pic to an animated character from your childhood and invite \ 
your friends to do the same . The goal is to not see a human faceon \ 
Facebook until Monday December 6th . Support the fight against Child \ 
Abuse by copying and pasting this as your status ! 
life could be worse , and right now its pretty low but there is only either hell or rock bottom then back up again ... i hope something goes right .. 
Gin 
thinking about the past , trying to hold on to the present ( its losing hold of me ) , and looking into the future .... 
just being goofy ... spending time with < PROPFIRST > ... wallowing in my utter failure with math ... ugggh .. and thats about it .. 
is just plain bored ..... 
i love you tubby you knwo who you are !! lol 
im sick .... i think its the flu .. 
well im well enough to get on here i guess , im out of the hospital have been since thursday and boy does it really suck to have double Pneumonia .. thanks to everyone who cared about me and those who didnt know thats okay too .. im doing much better .. 
worried about my mom ...... ill be the big 2-0 tommorow .. yay for that but still i hope shes okay .. i love you mom .. 
i hope my mom's okay .. i love you mom !!! 
in gernal im like eh ? whats the point ? lol .. but there is always a reason to be here .. i have many of them .. im just thinking of the negative side of life at the moment ... and god is it freezing tonight !! 
I got me a new phone . Touch screen . Oh s@%*# im gonna break it . Lol . 
I kicked a fork in my car because that's how i roll 
I love and Miss you so much . Tomorrow will be a year that you have left us . Ill always keep you close in my heart and mind . Always . I love you , RIP Grandma < PROPFEMALE > . 
So long and goodnight . Sick , tired , and sad . 
Gosh I feel sick ... 
Feel better just got off work .. night night you day peoples 
Goin to work . ... can't wait till morning .... 
Gonna storm .... 
Hasn't yet 
Got off work 2 hrs ago ..... going to sleep now ... night or good morning for those who live during the day instead of vamping it like me .. later 
I love my boyfriend he is the best and my fav fireman 
What ever < PROPFIRST > just wrote my status .. loser .... I do love you though ... 
Hey peeps its monday .. sadly it is the first day of a long week .... 
Jammin to some tlc ... 
Homework time .. grr ... 
Done with that ... sleep 
Work tonight .... 
Having < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST>'s and just waiting ... 
Sick ... and very sad this morning .... losing people is so hard ... RIP those who are gone but are never forgotten .. 
Still friggin ill ... taking meds .. going to docs next week ... think I might have strep ... I <3 < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Perretti ... he is the best .. 
Im sssooo tireed ..... zzzzzzzz 
Another day .. sigh 
Another day .... 
Good morning and good night ! 
Owww my back hurts today ... slept wrong I suppose ... off to work again ... 
Sleep time ... goodnight day people 
Homeworks done and that's all folks 
Storming outside ... 
Going to try to go to sleep .. missing < PROPFIRST > right now ... 
My indian family names as such ; < PROPMALE > is ' nuts in mouth ' , < PROPFEMALE > is ' hoe in a bag ' , dad is ' toothless chief ' , mom is ' boss lady ' , < PROPFIRST > ' is < PROPFEMALE > hose ' . Im ' crotch on a stick ' ....... and all I can say is wtf and who really gave birth to me ??? 
I have a cold ... 
I probably should be sleeping right now XD 
Welllll I tried . ... 
Night all 
Happy easter 
whats on your mind ? let me think ...... not much at the moment lol .. 
