happy late new years to everyone . hope 2010 is better than 2009 for yall . 

Edgard < PROPFEMALE > = Big Papa 
Mornin yall 
finally goin to incept 2morrow . 
my AP scores suck . 
bored and sendin people stuff . 
i got math math modelin and elementary japanese . now thats wats up . 
The government keeps us safe . Go back to sleep . - Ihate.com 
Of all the things I've lost , I miss my mind the most . -Ozzy Osbourne , singer 
first day of school is goin alright . 
Sorry < PROPFIRST > I'm never on this thing anymore . Anyway , Thank You < PROPFIRST > Hackett for leading me to my class when i was lost in Kell Hall . Ur my hero . BTW u forgot Krisna : reservior of pleasure book in the elevator . 
shit i got to write a paper thats due in a hour and 9 minutes . 
you people have no lives . 
Ohayoo guys . 
Japanese class is gonna kill me . 
The harder you work the younger you die . - Politics Of Contraband , Work hard Die Young , < PROPFIRST > NY hardcore 
There are two ways of fighting , one with laws and the the other with arms . The first is the way of men . The second is the style of beasts . But since very often the the first does not suffice , it is necessary to turn to the second . Therefore a < PROPMALE > must know how to play the beast as well as the man . -Niccolo Machiavelli , The Morals Of The < PROPMALE > 
GSU is pretty much empty on Fridays . 
When the enemy advances , We retreat . When he escapes , We harass . When he retreats , We pursue . When he is tired , We attack . When he burns , We put out the fire . When he loots , We attack . When he pursues , We hide . When he retreats , We return . - < PROPFEMALE > Tse Tung , guerilla warrior 
Japanese class is kicking my ass . Its fuckin hard as hell . 
Just finished watchin the Watchmen . not bad . 4/5 
Got a paper due in two days . Should I start it now or wait until a hour before its due ? I'll have to mull it over . 
Man the WIFI at GSU SUCKS !!!!!!!! 
got my essay done with a hour and 30 to spare . not too shaby if i say so myself . 
Been a while since I've seen this place . Wats new wit u guys ?? 
theres a gay vs god rally outside of library . they're blockin one of the main entrance . Why couldn't they pick another spot ?? 
this is the gay vs god rally's 3rd day in a row ladies and gents . u would think they would run out of things to talk about but apparently not . 
Had to go to Brookhaven for no fuckin reason . another morning wasted . on the bright side i walked a mile to get to the school i went to . 
Been a while since i got on this thing . How everyone doin ?? 
happy turkey day yall . hope everything goes well . 
Failure is a detour , not a dead-end street . -- Zig Ziglar 
Finally my first semester ended ! Now time to relax before my next semester . Hope that everyone has a < PROPFEMALE > Christmas and a Happy New Year . And I hope I next semester is jus as interesting as this semester was . 
marry xmas to all . 
cant get the song memories by dguetta and kid cudi outta my head . 
Cousins are the 1st friends of your life . Cousins are there as childhood friends . No one will ever understand your crazy family like your cousins ... even if you don't talk much lately .... Re-post this if you have some of the best cousins in the world . 
This had to be one of my favorite New Years in a long time . Got to see some of the cuzins that i havent seen in a few years . good times . hope more are ahead . 
Time to hit the books ... again . Got my first class at 11 but im hangin the library till then . 
Phong Do got his ass handed to him by some hobos . 
had some Brazilian food last night . If you never had any then u should soon . 
OMFG i feel like tearin my fucking hair out !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Gave blood today . brings back interestin memories . eatin a burrito now 
Ive been dreamin of a white christmas . finally its here kinda late tho 
I hate u Mother Nature !!! I mean really letting it snow and then not letting it be cold enough to stick to the ground wat is that ?? 
OMG !! another midterm 2morrow and an essay due soon wats a lazy guy gonna do ?? 
i love my new palm or should i say my new semi-new palm . gotta love that full keyboard 
thanks everyone for ur comments . and < PROPFIRST > idk when u tell me . 
When that < PROPFEMALE > hits my throat I go da da na da . 
Imma go watch < PROPFIRST > at the Rialto this thursday . Who wants to go ?? jus 12 bucks if ur a student . 
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today . - < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , US President 1932-1945 
There are no beautiful surfaces without a terrible depth . -Nietzsche , philosopher 
I feel really Hispanic now . Guess it's a good thing . 
happy kinda late mothers day to all . hope ur enjoyin it . 
jus finished watchin < PROPFIRST > Darko for the 2nd time . still confused at the end but it was a great movie . btw if u like < PROPMALE > gyllenhaal u should watch if u havent already . u get to c a different role and a side of him . 
D.D. : Why are you wearing that stupid rabbit suit ?? \ 
F : Why are you wearing that stupid human suit ?? 
jus got back from vaca . 
happy 4th of july yall . hope no1 gets hurt due to fireworks/lightin of fireworks/ricochets from fireworks/etc . 
LETS GO NETHERLANDS !!!!! BEAT THOSE DAM SPANIARDS !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
jus finished watchin Toy Story 3 . Thats some crazy ass bear . and i felt like i was watchin a prison movie . got no complaints tho cuz it was good . 
Holland is gonna win yall . if u think spain has a < PROPMALE > then ur wrong !!!!!! i think its gonna be a shutout . 4-0 . 
holland was a complete disappointment . :'( 
goal : killing floor\ 
problem : the 22ish bucks need for it . \ 
answer : very obvious 
talking through steam is somewat amusin . hit me up if u got it . ID is Giaus_Marcus . 
This has been one of the worst friday the 13th yet . glad its the weekend tho . Hope mi abeulo gets better and that < PROPMALE > Sr is alright . :| 
hey u homos who were wonderin about the server . u know who u are . the address is 212.187.209.72 and the port is 9147 . 
Just realized that i only have my geology lab 2day which wont start till probably next week . so now i have 2 wait till the bus at 4pm to get back home . fantastic . 
Listenin 2 Brazilian music to get used 2 Portuguese . supposed 2 help . 
yall should listen 2 some Brazilian music on pandora . very catchy and upbeat . 
Boa Tarde everyone . 
At the age of 4 : Mom knows everything ! At 8 : Mom knows a lot ! At 12 : Mom doesn’t really know everything . At 14 : Mom doesn’t know anything . At 16 : Mom doesn’t exist . At 18 : She’s old fashioned . At 25 : Maybe Mom does know about this ! At 35 : Before we decide , let’s ask Mom . At 45 : I wonder what Mom thinks about this ? At 75 : I wish I could ask my Mom about this . Post this if you have the best Mom in the world ! 
who's going to the GSU first football game this thursday ?? 
some1 shoot me now . im bored out of my mind and my class isnt till 2:45 . so bored !! 
Jus finished my geol test . felt pretty dam easy . thx goodness i studied for it . 
so dam sleepy !!!!!!!!!! i want a nap . 
got a 89 on my geol test . not a bad way to start the semester . 
studyin for geol test 2morrow . YAY :( 
Gonna c if my Venti Pike will get my day goin . 
Sou Ronaldo . 
startin to love pandora . always plays good music 
history midterm 2morrow . hope my studyin pays off . 
Castles made of sand slip into the sea eventually . \ 
-Jimi Hendrix 
Heard one of my cuz's abuelo died . I'm sorry for ur loss and the pain u guys r going through . 
A U.S. military member is somewhere in the world tonight missing their family while you are safe at home . In the minute it takes you to read this , military members all over the world are not only saving lives , but they are also sacrificing their own life for your freedom . It's Military AppreciationWeek . Re-post if ... you are in the military , love a military member , or appreciate our troops 
top men . 
gotta love those 20-30 < PROPFEMALE > naps while on the express bus . they sure do help 
had a close call wit a demon in one of GSU's hallways 
sister is mad cuz some1 treated her like a 5 yr old . funny as hell . 
check this out . http://www.collegehumor.com/pictures/gallery:jack-o-lanterns#1785854 
couldn't have asked for better weather . i guess less rain/cloudy skies would be nice but the temp was awesome . almost time for shorts . 
chevy event by adherhold . fill out a 2 < PROPFEMALE > survey and get free food . not bad . also there's music and games . 
the fountains in front of gcb are on . accordin to my friends they said that they havent been on every year they were here . 
hope every1's thnxgivin has gone well . i know most of u are as stuffed has i am but it was worth it . glad my tio and abuelo showed up as a surprise but i miss the ppl i didnt get to c . maybe for xmas if not u know i'll be there for abuelo's 80th tearin it up . 
I hate this researching process for my fking history paper . Wish some1 would kill me instead . a quick and clean death would be preferred . 
my geology final was moved from the 7th to the 14th . NOOOOOOOOOOO !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! thought i was done on the 9th :( 
Time to run around like its the end of the world or like a chicken with its head cut off . yay for finals week 
It’s nine o’clock on a Saturday The regular crowd shuffles in There’s an old man sitting next to me Makin’ love to his tonic and gin He says , son , can you play me a memory ? I’m not really sure how it goes But it’s sad and it’s sweet and I knew it complete When I wore a younger man’s clothes 
Look at your status . Now back to mine . Now back to yours . Now back to mine . Sadly , yours isn't mine . But if you stopped posting about other things and made this your status , yours could be like mine . Look down . Back up . Where are you ? ......... You're on Facebook , reading the status your status could be like ! Anything is possible when your Facebook status looks like this one ... 
this new layout looks basically the same as the old one .. dont know y ppl keep complainin bout it 
all i need is a rilfe a scope and 1 shot . oh and some gallo pinto and carne asada wit some horchata or a coke to go wit it . then ill be happy 
1 more day of finals left and then im free !!! 
portugues final . oh yea should be an easy A . gonna take 15 mins tops 
last final in 1 hr 30 mins ! yay 
Finished my finals , ready for my vaca to start . 1 monthish off of school . time need to chill 
bout to watch the family guy episode from Sunday . hope its good !!! 
gonna go c < PROPFEMALE > Abreu graduate from the Dome 2day . 3rd graduation from there in 2 years . feels like tradition 
have a < PROPFEMALE > christmas < PROPFEMALE > and day . 
yay i have a Starbucks background for my FB < PROPFEMALE > . awesome 
finally got internet and my tv back . happy again 
Jus finished watchin the Tourist . Very good movie with a twist ending . recommended . 
Happy New Year yall !!! 
Who you tryin to get crazy with ese ?? Don't you know I'm loco ?? 
holy shit the world is ending in less than 2 years !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 2012 baby . 
can't decide if i like piano man or memories better . 
so im hopin this snow storm cancels school for a few more days . 
Thats wat im talkin bout . No school 2morrow also . One more day of chillin . 
Another day off 2morrow . awesome . lol 
< PROPFEMALE > Abreu Where's the chili at ?? 
Need this weather to leave . havent left my house in almost 2 and a half days . Not good . Think im startin to get cabin fever . 
been watchin \In Living Color\ " these past few weeks . that show is hilarious " 
pandora time . yay 
Had to evac library south this morning . really weird . they didnt give us a reason they jus told us to leave . All i heard was a siren and a voice on the speakers telling all police officers to proceed to some location . didnt hear it clearly cuz i was packing . very odd . 
the more i learn bout carnival in trini and brazil the more i wanna go . 
Say it wit ya chest !!!!!!!!!!! 
Yay facebook in Portuguese . kinda surprised i can understand everything or most of whats written on here . cool 
Finally finished playin mafia 2 . great game . loved the ending . but i feel kinda bad for old < PROPFIRST > . Lets have a moment of silence for < PROPFIRST > . lol 
thank you ATL traffic . because of u i had an always welcomed 1 hour long nap . so thank you . 
The theme song from BF : LA is awesome . Jus found out that the name is the sun is dim and the sky is black by johann johannsson 
im bout to pin the tail on all ur asses !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Não , ainda não 
4 more days till im in Miami .. cant wait 
fell asleep on the bus and woke up at < PROPFEMALE > . good nap . cant wait till tonight ... its gonna be a good way to start the weekend 
cant wait for april 1st ... gonna watch the borgias and camelot 
Este sabado eu vou ter 20 anos de idade ... yay 
Thank you to all my family and friends ( new and old ) who wished me a happy bday . It was fun . Cant wait for next year to do it again . 
