is thankful for all the birthday wishes and for everyone who helped make his birthday awesome . 

is on vacation and out of contact for the week . 
Come to the Entertainers ' Club Fall Show tonight at 8 in the Mattin Center ! We've put in a lot of work , its going to be an awesome show . 
\I can't believe I just hit a car all the way across the street with a cookie ! \"-- Tommy " 
will be back at Hopkins tonight . 
is back at Hopkins . 
achieving new heights of both freedom and folly , just took a study break to climb a tree to see the sun rise , only to realize it was too foggy to see anything . 
is flying to Frankfurt in a few hours , and will be in Germany for just over a month . Check Facebook for pictures and updates , but don't call my cell phone , because it's staying at home . 
is in Berlin , and will probably start posting pictures and such within a few days . 
was in the middle of a park in Berlin yesterday for the music festival when he saw a couple people playing with poi ... then proceeded to show them how it's done . Repping JHEC from across the Atlantic ! 
walked roughly 16 < PROPMALE > through Potsdam yesterday , and saw the majority of the sights in the city in 8 hours . Pictures will be up ... maybe tomorrow . 
Thanks everyone for the birthday wishes ! Germany is great , of course , and if you haven't seen the pictures yet , there are some that are worth taking a look at . Hope everyone's doing well , and I hope to see you all when I get back in July . 
wishes everyone a happy 4th of July ! ( That's happy independence day if you're from the US , and just a wish that you have a good day in general if you're not ) 
is leaving for Munich at ~ 7:00 tomorrow morning , and will miss his HU friends . Sorry if I didn't get a < PROPMALE > to say goodbye to everyone , but keep in touch on Facebook , ok ? 
is back in the States . But will be out of commission for the next couple days anyway because I'm getting my wisdom teeth out tomorrow morning . I'll most likely be online to talk to , because I won't be up for much else , so hope to talk to y'all soon . 
is on day 2 of wisdom teeth recovery : moved on from milkshakes to french toast , and is no longer taking vicadin . Feeling much better , and thanks everyone for the moral support . On a side note i have enough down time to write unnecessary facebook posts . 
is back in Baltimore 
would really prefer never again to watch the sunrise from the JHMI shuttle stop . 
A critically important article that affects each of our daily lives : http://mirror.uncyc.org/wiki/Scat 
was just ambushed by the devious JHU sprinkler system -- the assailants sprung out of the ground , entirely unnoticed , yet completely surrounding him -- and was only able to escape utter inundation due to his quick wit and quicker reflexes . 
Come see the Entertainers ' Club at our Fall Show this Monday at 10pm in the Mattin SDS room ! 
Come see the Entertainers ' Club perform their Fall Show tonight ! 10pm Mattin SDS room . 
