An insincere and evil friend is more to be feared than a wild beast ; a wild beast may wound your body , but an evil friend will wound your mind . ~ Buddha 

She asked me why I'm Heartless without realizing she's the one that made me that way 
On average , over 7 million cell phones accidentally get flushed down the toilet . I guess that puts a new twist on the phrase \talkin ' shit\ " ;-) " 
Just got off the phone & doin ' the happy dance with a fist pump while whispering \YESSSSSSSS ! \ " ... ok ok ok ... back to being Heartless :-P " 
How do you go about telling a family member that they would greatly benefit from a Prozac prescription ? 
Never fatten the frog if you don't want snakes in your garden 
Up early for the gym 
friggin niners ! 
ate ciappino ... hmmm ... What's for dessert ? ;-) 
Heading to the gym 
I speak my mind because it hurts to bite my tongue - K.B. 
One of those days i think might call for a 2nd trip to the gym 
Mmm ... steak for dinner :-) 
May as well get up & head to the gym ... no use going back to sleep :-( 
Happy Mexican Independence Day !!! Donde < PROPFEMALE > mi Cazadores !!! 
AHCHOO !! Allergic to bull-crap , drama , head games , liars , & fake people , keep this sneeze going . 
Smellin ' like Armani Prive got the pretties pretty giddy ;-) 
If nothing else , it was good motivation for the gym . Crush , kill , destroy stress !!! 
“When a man sits with a pretty girl for an hour , it seems like a \ 
minute . But let him sit on a hot stove for a minute , and it's longer than\ 
any hour . That's relativity . ” - A . Einstein 
Damn ! Just saw two little high schoolers get busted for slangin weed on a college campus . Stupid M.F. !!! 
Good morning good morning good morning ! ;-) 
Trying to psych myself to go the gym ... tired like I was a Nascar :-( 
Good morning to all ! I hope you all have a great start to your week . 
Damn Sacramento ! It's hotter than a hooker's honeypot ! I miss Malibu Beach :( 
Smile until your cheeks hurt ... then do it some more ! ;-) 
is off to the gym 
Oh no ! The Mask ! ;) 
Don't you just hate when you wake up for no reason ... 15 minutes before your alarm goes off ! 
is craving some IHOP !!! Mmmm ... bacon !!! 
Does what I doos and I doos it well ;) 
I have the serenity to accept the things I cannot change , the courage to change the things I can , AND the wisdom to know the difference . What I can't seem to find is my sledgehammer to knock some sense into the rest of these fools ! 
Fuck ! Broke my glasses and out of super glue ! Oh well ... atleast everyone will look better ... until they get closer ! :-D 
You never truly know how strong you are until being strong is the ONLY choice you have :) 
is feeling pretty privileged ! ;-) 
Just got home from helping pulling the front end , engine , and tranny off the dually . Tired as a smoker in a marathon . 
You\ 
and I wake up in jail together ... using only FOUR words , what would\ 
you say to me ? ( NOTE : if you comment , you gotta copy and paste this in\ 
your status - fair is fair - play along ) 
C'mon Niners ! Seriously ?!! 
Why do they put Braille dots on the keypad of the drive-up ATM ? 
\Hey ! You ! Get off my cloud ! \ " - Method Man " 
Sorry negative people of the world ... you cannot bring me down today . I'm going to maintain focus no matter what bullshit you throw my way . I'm doing the ' Matrix ' as I dodge it ! Hahahaha ! 
\If all the world's a stage 
Some people don't like kids basically make a mess of things because they don't know any better . I say kids are great for the simple fact that they don't know any better . Tonight I accidentally ruined 4 beautiful steaks by overcooking them to well done ... and guess what ... THEY LOVED IT !!! How can someone not love that kind of innocence ? 
is so tired my eyes are burning ... but off to the gym I go ! 
My baby boy made the final cuts on the b-ball team ! Woohoo !!! 
Is so full I'm stuck ! 
Yay Giants ! 3 more to go ! 
R.I.P. Lucky 
Ahhh ... eggs , bacon , homemade salsa , and tortillas ... heavensent ! 
If you see someone without a smile , give them one of yours :-) 
is counting down the days - 14 and a wake up ;-) 
Let's go Giants ! Do the damn thang ! 
Time to harvest ! :-D 
Cain beat that ass , Giants smoked a Philly ... today was a good day ! 
11 and a wake up ... It's killing me !!! 
Some days are just ... ugh ! 
The soul would have no rainbow if the eye had no tears . 
Alright L.A. ! New season , same results . Go Lakers !!! 
This insomnia shit is highly irritating !!! 
Anger , frustration , anxiety , fatigue ... Fuck it ! Off to the gym I go ! :-) 
Where's my Mama ? I need her do what she always threatened to do , and just slap me into next week so I can sit down and wait for you to show up !!! 
SORRYBUTI'MDELETING YOU FROM MY LIFE ! •click delete • \ 
LOADING ..???????????? 99%ERROR ! It Is Impossible To Delete Our \ 
Friendship . You Mean Sooooo Much To Me . Send this To 10 People Who You \ 
Never Want To Lose . If You Get 3 Back , You're An Amazing Friend :) . ( this \ 
means i never wnt 2 lose u ); )\ 
\ 
Thanks Jazzy <3 
is just chillin ' today 
“Patience is bitter , but its fruit is sweet . ” - Jean-Jacques Rousseau 
Konichiwa Bitches ! To whoever found or stole my C-note , I hope you waste it on the dope man and he serves you nothing but baking soda , and then you buy a hooker with crabs , herpes , and HIV ! 
“Strength does not come from physical capacity . It comes from an indomitable will . \ - Mahatma Gandhi " 
\The gem cannot be polished without friction nor man without trials . \ " ~ Confucius " 
:-( 
\To live in hearts we leave behind is not to die . \ " - < PROPFIRST > Campbell " 
Finally !!! I think I've finally rid myself of most of the bullshit people in my life . No more skanks , liars , losers , or moochers !!! Damn it feels good !!! Woohoo !!! 
To all my fellow Devil Dogs ... Happy Birthday !!! Semper Fidelis !!! HOORAH !!! 
To all of those who trash the U.S. for its immigration policies , get an education at little-to-no cost , criticize people's sexual orientation , use this country for gain without giving anything back , or complain about American's and our way of life ... THANK A VETERAN TODAY ! Without people like us , you wouldn't have gotten the opportunities that you so thanklessly use , abuse , or take for granted . Don't be a mely !!! 
What to do ? What to do ?... 
“The\ 
difference between perseverance and obstinacy is that one comes from a \ 
strong will , and the other from a strong won't . ” -- < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Beecher 
Haha ! Not only did Marga-cheat-o get his ass spanked like a deaf mule , but he got his face broke too ! That's just what should happen to cheaters . What goes around comes around ! Thanks Pac Man ! :-D 
\Start every day off with a smile and get it over with . \ " \ 
\Be not discouraged . There is a future for you . The resistance \ 
Things I'm Thankful For :\ 
1 . My children for motivating me\ 
2 . My Sunshine for enchanting me\ 
3 . My health for lasting with me\ 
4 . My true friends for being real ... you know who are\ 
5 . My family for showing me how NOT to be\ 
6 . Sense of humor so I can laugh in the face of stupidity and insanity\ 
8 . Being capable of appreciating what I already have ( unlike those who already have and STILL complain about everything ) 
Ok , is it just me , or would you think 24 Hour Fitness would be open 24/7/365 ?! 
' The girls look so good , but their mind is not ready . I'd rather talk to a wall then , cuz a wall is more steady . ' - < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > 
Great ! Juuuuust great ! The frig died in last night ... but looking on the bright side ... at least it wasn't full . My glass of water is half full though . ;-) 
Ba humbug !!! 
Oh well ... nothing to it but to do it 
Breathe ... 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 ... uhh ... nope ... I still want to get medieval !! 
Wow ! I should have seen it coming ! It's what they do . 
“The one-eyed man does not thank God until he sees a blind man . \ -Nigerian proverb\ 
“You are not permitted to kill a woman who has injured you , but nothing forbids you to reflect that she is growing older every minute . You are avenged 1440 times a day . ” - < PROPMALE > Bierce 
Just kissed my son and wished him Happy Birthday ! 
Remember ... even though talk is cheap , it wastes your most valuable commodity ... TIME . :) 
Just had lunch with my cousin . Club sandwich , blt , fries , and < PROPMALE > slaw ! Ahhhhh ! :-) 
Speechless :( 
Hmmm ... 
Can't sleep :( 
Really ?! Invite me to breakfast & wait until you've eaten to tell me you don't have any money ?! Seriously ?! You got me confused with the other one . Ho ho ho season is over ! Hehe ... well ... I'm sure you and management can work out your issues . Laterz ! 
There are sharks in the water ... sharks ! Too bad I'm a killer whale . Just call me Moby ;) 
\Love is the delusion that one woman differs from another . \ " ~ < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Mencken " 
\To generalize on women is dangerous . To specialize in them is infinitely worse . \ " - < PROPMALE > Valentino ( 1895-1926 ) " 
The boys are gone , so I get to spend a quiet Sunday afternoon with my babygirl :) 
Woohoo ! The final episode of < PROPFEMALE > Montana ! The end of our suffering has come at last ! ;) 
Ok .. why did I just introduce myself to a 3 y/o and his 1st words were ' what do have for me ? ' Daycare hustlin ! 
Another brick in my wall :( 
As a matter of fact ... make that two bricks added to my wall . :( 
Oooooh ! Goapele at Harlow's on the 28th ! Niiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiice ! 
Holy frozen testicles Batman ! It's colder than a hooker's heart ! 
Goapele tomorrow night at Harlows ! Woohoo ! 
I am soooooo gellin'! 
Damn ! Diaz is tapping Cyborg like his name was budweiser ! 
Fighting through body-aches , fever , and chills :( 
Wait for it .. waaait fooor it ... 
' And like that ... he is gone ' - The Usual Susspects 
\I don't need a friend who changes when I change and who nods when I nod ; my shadow does that much better . \ " - Plutarch " 
Parent/teacher conference on the same morning I have to fast for the Doc ... not looking good for Afro Thunder ! 
Mmmm ... the weekend is looking a little brighter :) 
Daaaamn ! Promising weekend killed by pneumonia ... ugh ! :( 
Mmmm ... Homemade chicken noodle soup . Thanks a million ! :) 
LMFAO ! Just saw a wannabe thug saggin ' in skinny jeans struggling to skate on 4-wheel skates and talk on a cell . Pure comedy ! 
< PROPFIRST > Griffen is sick !!! 
is happy KK and Jazzy enjoyed their birthday weekend . I'm happy the Chef enjoyed it too ;) 
\The price of anything is the amount of life you exchange for it . \ " - < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Thoreau " 
\Rather than love .. than money .. than fame ... give me truth . \ " - < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Thoreau " 
2nd Annual Sacramento Beer Week ? Seriously ? A city so miserable they set aside a week to drown ourselves in yuppy beer and wish this place wasn't voted as one of the top 10 most miserable cities in the country . 
Squaw Creek on the brain ! 
“I have been complimented many times and they always embarrass me ; I always feel that they have not said enough . ” - < PROPFIRST > Twain 
Woohoo !!! Just found out I'm a finalist for $6G < PROPMALE > for school ... wait ... why did they tell me I'm a finalist ? Does that pay ? Why remind me that I even wrote that essay if I haven't won yet ? WTF !!! Torture me with suspense ? Now wait some more until I forget about it again ? What a tease !!! Just send the check !!! Who care's about finalist ? Notify me when I'm the WINNER ! 
FB fam , please keep my dear friend , < PROPMALE > , in your hearts and prayers . He's in an induced coma due to complications from the caucasian .. I mean swine flu . Keep up the fight < PROPMALE > ! 
Next < PROPFEMALE > >>> 
Off to the gym ... crush , kill , destroy stress ! 
Hello & good morning FB world :) I just had the urge to let the world know that I am madly in love with the greatest woman to ever to walk this earth ... Nyla . She's the total package ! Beautiful , honest , intelligent , selfless , trustworthy , independent , and hard working . If you're woman isn't all of the above , you don't know what you're missing ... but I do ! ;) I love you Kitten ! ( Official :p ) 
It never ceases to piss me off when people ignore signature gatherers for political initiatives . Then turn around and complain that the system is broke . All you do is vote < PROPMALE > elections . Too late stupid fuck ! Plus , those people getting signatures are employed . The same people you complain are lazy and don't want to work . Get involved or get used , Dumbasses ! 
Hmmm .... 
Don't you just have when you go to the store , get everything you need for a hugebreakfast , wait through the long ass line , get rung up , and realize you forgot your wallet at home ... mildly infuriating ... haha 
Nice lil workout to start the week off . Stress still here though :( Just gotta keep putting one foot in front of the other . 
>:-( 
What a week ... another sleepless night 
Woohoo ! Finally have my pre-Stinkerbell physique back , stretch marks disappearing and filling back out , and in the overall best shape I've been in since the Corps ! Doin da Damn Thang ! Konichiwa bitches ! 
Mmmm ... throwin down in the kitchen . Seafood gumbo on da menu :) 
Mmmm ... I tink I saw a putty tat ! 
Know when to hold em & when to fold em :( 
Mmm ... after plenty of trial & error , I've finally found decent carne asada y orchata in Sacramento ! :) 
\The whole world steps aside for the man who knows where he is going . \ " ~ Unknown " 
Same bullshit , different day . What's the fuckin ' point ? 
Father/Daughter lunch :-) 
Seriously ?! Are you kidding me ?! As if I needed one more thing to go wrong ! Now my daughter won't stop projectile vomiting . Gonna be a long night :-( 
In a < PROPFIRST > Pierce haze ... 
1st Place - 400m Relay , 6:48 mile , and a 10ft long jump ... Go ahead wit cha bad self < PROPMALE > ! 
My eyes are about to pop out of my skull from studying statistics all friggin ' night , and now it's on to more Plato & Aristotle ... plenty of time to rest when I'm dead ... happy happy joy joy ... putting one foot in front of the other . Want some , get some ! Get some , take some ! Hoorah !!! 
Okie dokie ... enough studying statistics & reading about philosophizing about politics for one evening/morning . I shall get with ya'll on the same bat channel , but it better not be the same bat time . Good night , good morning , and good afternoon to my brethren on the opposite side of the world . Laterz !!!!!!!!! 
G'morning to all . Back on the grind . Just call me the Energizer < PROPFEMALE > :) 
One way or another , change is coming soon : -l 
Friday the 13th , classwork complete , partying tonight ... yup ... feeling good feeling great , feeling great feeling good ... How are you ? :) 
Alrighty ... giving it one last try 
Has anyone else heard about the supreme court ruling on cops entering homes ? What they've basically said is that if ur blasting < PROPMALE > Marley and taking a duece at the same time , they can break ur door down w/o a warrant . What the fuck !!! Disgusting ! Time for boobie traps for realz ! 
Watch out 4 da doorknob ! 
Note to self : buy neighbor that blasts porn with his window open on 2 sunday morning some lotion . Just make sure he pays it forward ! 
“If you are distressed by anything external , the pain is not due to the thing itself , but to your own estimate of it ; and this you have the power to revoke at any moment . ” - < PROPMALE > Aurelius 
Don't grumble that roses have thorns , be thankful that thorns have roses :) 
In need of something to look forward to :( 
I love the smell of < PROPFEMALE > in the morning ! 
