is engaged ! 

week 1 of p90x finished -- my two thoughts : 1 ) yoga is far more difficult than the rest of the workouts , and 2 ) i have a long way to go . 
uuhhh - go dukes ? 
Doing my term paper on Property Theory in the early Scottish Enlightenment was a great idea . No models , no graphs , just good old political economy . 
Smithian Political Economy II , Law and Economics II and Economic Philosophy next semester ... so very nice . 
Next time I'm writing a term paper , I'd like to skip past the 3 aimless days of writing BS and get straight to the inspiration . But for now I'll just be content that I got here at all . 
Thank you < PROPFIRST > Pritt Photography for the awesome engagement photos ! 
< PROPMALE > Potter at 12:01 tomorrow night . It's got to happen . 
2 term papers down , 1 to go . 
< PROPFEMALE > Shinn and I decided to do Christmas early this year . So we got ourselves a Wii ! I can't wait to marry that girl . 
All term papers done . Now just 3 finals between now and Christmas break , which I will spend studying for my Macro Prelim ... Grad School is way fun . 
Straight A's for my first time at GMU . Second year is so much better than the first ! 
Thanks for the birthday wishes everyone ! Big year coming up ! Only 4 months until < PROPFEMALE > Shinn becomes my wife ! 
I heard Creed on the radio 2 times in the space of an hour . I don't really mind , but .... what ? 
100 days ( and 1 hour ) until I'm married to < PROPFEMALE > Shinn ! Let the countdown begin . 
I frequently change my life goals depending on the weather . The last few days I've wanted to forget higher education and go open my pub . 
So this won't matter for everyone whose phone automatically pulls phone < PROPFIRST > from gmail or facebook , but I have a new phone number -- 7038017876 . 
In 50 days , I will be married to < PROPFEMALE > Shinn . < PROPFEMALE > doesn't come naturally to me , so I'm mostly just getting antsy . I'm way excited . 
Just one month ! 
Papers finished , just one exam between me and May 27th . Could not be more relieved . 
9 days left and I still feel like it's too far away . 
Still two days to wait . I am eager for everything to get rolling ! 
Got Lasik today , and I can see ! 
Just got back from the last < PROPMALE > Potter movie . The book was more exciting and more well paced by leaps and bounds . It fell hugely flat for me . Too bad . 
Getting ready for my 20th first day of classes ! I still get excited . 
Marginal Pass -- being \good enough\ " never felt so good ! " 
