i'm sleepy , bedtime soon ? 

finally done painting . i'm exhausted though . 
goshh . annoying children . D:< 
so terribly bored . what to do ? 
< PROPFEMALE > is going to hate me . (: 
urf . i'm in a weird mood . 
i'm sooo tired from doing yard work . :/ 
so bored . getting off then . 
goodmorning . (: 
hmmm . talk ? 
facebook im suddenly dissapeared ... 
text me ? 803.795.8016 . (: 
hm . goodmorning . let's talk ? 
blahhh . :/ 
text me , please ? (: 
hm . talk ? 
new mayday parade single . (: happy < PROPFIRST > . 
party tonite . (: funfun , i miss my baby though . lots . 
(: he makes me happy . little confused though . 
i really don't know how much longer i can handle being this upset all the time . 
i feel like hell . :| 
gah . fucking homework . i can't do it though if i keep getting distractedddddddddd . 
okay leaving now . laterrr . i love you baby . (: 
gahhhhh . i got onto facebook bcuz mlia told me how to make a shark in the instant message-y thingy . but the instant message-y thingy picks now to be broken !! D: 
wondering if i can make a shark as my status .... most likely not . imma try though . ignore random symbols . (: (^^^) 
:| 
ughhhh . :| i need to get my mind off this . 
best birthday everrrr . (: couldn't be happier . braces off tomorrow . this week is great . 
freaking out a bit . everyone seems to be changing . it's just .... alarming . 
i get so see baby today . (: happyhappy . 
bah . incredibly bored until < PROPFEMALE>'s tonight . D: 
gahh . hatehatehate hsap . 
< PROPFIRST > dewyze is gonna be the next american idol , i know it . (: 
i like how you can remember someone from a year ago and when you compare it with now , you wonder what you were thinking . 
Driving school ! Ack exhausted ! 
< PROPFIRST > dewyze , my favorite american idol ever . (: 
Lonely . Boyfriend's asleep . Text ? 
The best album i've EVER bought - everything in transit by < PROPFIRST>'s mannequin . <3 
Eight months . <3 i'm lucky . 
Buy me the emarosa album pleaseee ? (: 
Inbox message me something that you have always wanted to tell me . It will stay between us . Repost if you're brave enough . 
toy story three was adorable . (: i loved it . (: 
to columbia to see the last airbender in 3d tomorrow . 
like this and i will tell you what i like about you , first impression , and dislike . 
dropped my phone in the dang toilet . Gah ! At least i have my old one . 
oh get over yourself . (: 
Today , I found God . On Google Earth . It's a small town in Hungary . MLIA 
geeze . when you're busy liking everyone else's interests how do you tell which ones are actually yours ? 
i now have the emarosa album . (: yessss . (: 
I'm ready for summer to end . I am bored out of my mind . 
Nine months . <333 i'm happy . :) 
Despicable me was adorable . :) 
Inception was a great movie . :) 
somebody tell me a job i'd be good atttt . rawr . 
i was hiding under your porch because i love you . (: 
pretty people make me sick . (: 
why can't crestwood give us our schedules beforehand ? like every other school ! bahh . 
I got hit on by my waitress . D: 
Click \LIKE\ " If I have ever made YOU smile . Set this as your status & see how many people you have made smile . (: " 
Cleverbot told me to have a happy period . Kinda creepy . 
i like the y . :) exercise is good for me . 
tonight is going to be so blahhh . 
dreading school tomorrow . really . :/ bah . \ 
this was a bad last week of summer . 
Hey kids . Remember your ids tomorrow . Haha . :) 
Today hasn't been the best day . 
thank god zac's driving tomorrow . Goodnight . 
thank god tomorrow's friday . No late arrival tomorrow though . Bah . I need more sleep . 
i like lists . (: 
perfect day today . :) 
* correction , my night with my boyfriend zac was perfect . 
Ugh . Given the < PROPMALE > , i would not be at school anymore . I'm incredibly unhappy there . 
\Here is the deepest secret nobody knows ( here is the root of the root \ 
as much as i love poetry , i just wish i could write something as pretty as what i read . 
blahh . i need to learn to say what i mean more often . 
late arrival <3 \ 
and now zac's coming to get me . (: 
It's becoming more and more clear to me , this year's gonna suck ass . 
ten months tomorrow . :) i love you baby . 
how many people have finished the reading for USC public speaking and sociology ? 
bus tomorrow . Lovely . 
until i don't have to go to bed without you , goodnight is my least favorite phrase . :/ 
someone tell me what some a clubs are . Aside from french and fca . 
i hate laying awake when i know you're asleep . :/ 
my date with zac tonight was great . <3 
i need to make some money . But a job is out of the question . Bah . Impossible . 
So , anyone in my usc public speaking class .. did you email that lady about blackboard ? and did you get a response ? haha . 
leet speak is much more entertaining to have set as my language on facebook . though i'm sure it'll get old . 
blarrrr . 
other than saturday , this weekend has not been my weekend . 
faceboookkk , give me an idea for my informative speech . i have no idea what to do . 
< PROPFIRST > mcmahon is a truly amazing pianist and lyricist . <3 
you know what's unfair ? most blondes can dye their hair whatever color they want and look great . but for dark-haired people like me , other colors usually look funny . 
tonight was fun . :) 
Why am i so fucking lazy ? God i fail at life . 
lonely . 
awful day . 
does anyone know what we're supposed to read for sociology ? Like everything we were supposed to have read ? No one seems to have any idea . 
finally got my speech topic figured out . (: i love being productive . 
likes when people are all proud of these pictures they've taken of themselves , and they look terrible . (: 
so glad i caught up on my sleep . 
There is nothing to eat in this house . Gah . 
:/ 
gahh . i am so bored . i am not one of those people that the internet entertains for very long . 
feet hurt . heels = suck . \ 
tacky day tomorrow though . (: 
New phone ! (: 
blarr . i don't wanna go to school . 
i have no life . D: 
breakfastttt this morning . (: 
tonight was fun . (: 
yay for eighties movies . (: haha . 
today sucks already . :/ 
Exhausted . 
that speech next week ? yeah i'm getting an A . (: 
eleven months . <333 i love you baby . 
talent eludes me . 
blarr blarr blarr . 
i like it anywhere . 
that college project for mrs < PROPMALE > is idiotic . 
eh . i hate when i get up too early . i have nothing to do to kill time . 
god , i hate my homeroom . 
gahhhh i'm so happy you're not my friend anymore . 
why is there a show about demons on Animal Planet ? 
stupid . now i'm in a crap mood . 
someone get me doughnuts . 
we should have naptime before the psat . 
hooray for fall break . (: 
let me be the one to call you baby all the time . 
doing the sociology quiz . i'm pretty much just making crap up as i go . 
Can i just wake up and have skipped today ? 
bad dreams always make it harder to sleep the next night . 
paranormal activity two was scary . D: haha . fun night though . (: 
has anyone gotten those links to work , for the speech homework ? 
i've had a bad day . 
by the way , who's taking SAT december 4th ? 
one year . (: baby i love you so much . <3 
today was perfect and wonderful . i couldn't ask for a more amazing boyfriend . i love you baby . 
i hate unintentionally liking things cuz of my touch screen . 
Bad day/night . 
again , i've liked about three things inadvertently . gah . 
itunes , is like the slowest thing everrr . 
it makes me laugh how many people allude to drama with this or that publicly on facebook , but when someone asks them about it they say \text/message me \"." 
tiredddddd . D: 
okay , should i do my speech on euthanasia , or prostitution ? or any other ideas ya'll have ? (: 
someone tell me why the only dreams i have lately are violent nightmares . D: 
a weekend full of nothing . :/ 
i made chocolate mousse . (: 
i've rehearsed my speech to death . but i'm still pretty sure i'm not doing good tomorrow . D: 
< PROPMALE > potter tonight ! 
i hate how i get random statuses sent to my phone Bcuz i hit the \subscribe to sms button\ " without realizing . " 
why does my brain mix up the words or green and orange ? D: 
cannot find a single review of my new laptop . you have no idea how much this bothers meeee . D: 
I don't answer blocked calls . Stop calling me , please . 
happy thanksgiving . (: 
i think i've liked a billion different things on accident tonight , while being a creep . sorry . 
anyone who went black friday shopping is crazy ! (: 
if it's going to be cold , it should snow . redeem yourself , weather . 
kids in public speaking ! give me funny class moments and funny things < PROPMALE > has done please . (: 
i can't do my speech . so let's start completely over on writing and memorizing a new one . 
speech tomorrow . i pretty much don't care anymore . bah . 
96 on my final speech , my class ring , and spending after school with < PROPMALE > Collins \ 
today's better than i thought . <3 
i hate my homeroom . >.< 
1230 on my practice sat . hopefully i do well saturday . 
toooo earlyyy . D: 
facebook goes \update your profile to the new version\ " ? i don't like it . " 
i have no idea how to study for this exam . D: 
suggest -good- books for me to read , please . 
< PROPFEMALE > Jones and < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Folderman were wonderful in their play . (: 
not looking forward to tomorrow . i should just stay home . :/ 
birthday tomorrow . (: it does not feel like that time of year . 
1350 on the SAT ! 
< PROPFEMALE > christmas ! (: 
snow ! (: 
< PROPFEMALE>'s a jerk . D: 
i love how i met your mother . (: 
someone tell me what i wanna be when i grow up . 
I don't normally do these , but this seems kind of interesting ? \ 
Leave me a 1-word comment that best describes me using the THIRD letter of YOUR FIRST Name ... It can only be 1 word ... Then copy and paste this to your wall so I can leave a word about you ... 
i'm so unexcited for no school tomorrow . seriously . 
am i the only one not majorly excited to play in the snow ? 
nevermind . snow is fun . < PROPFEMALE > O'Loughlin and i went like ice sliding with our skim board . too bad it got rainy . 
no school tomorrow either 
is it just me , or has im been freaking out almost constantly lately ? meh . 
School tomorrow and thursday . Both are half-days , only EOC's are taken . Exams are cancelled this semester . Then we go back the 19th . 
< PROPFEMALE > we go ten to two tomorrow ? someone please tell me if you actually see this on the school website or something . 
grateful for school tomorrow , i'm bored out of my mind . 
if you make offensive jokes about a particular group of people , do not have a fit when someone else does about a group you like better . 
no school tomorrow . ice skating in the afternoon . (: 
stopped by cwood and took my pre-cal exam . everyone should've taken it , super easy . 
< PROPMALE > and joon . (: 
between the trees . <3 i'm always so lateee . 
my house smells like thanksgiving . (: yumm . 
\You and life were made beautiful . \ " <3 " 
Spelling and grammar mistakes bother me so much , I want to correct them all . I'm always too afraid that I'll offend someone though . 
I hate shots . Ugh . 
1st block ; Anthropology/Music 101\ 
2nd block ; Entrepreneurship \ 
3rd block ; English 4\ 
4th block ; Physics\ 
Not that anyone cares , but there it is . 
Science fair ideas , please ? Something I can do in two weeks . 
I think our English class should just watch the five hour version of Price & Prejudice , and forget the book and all that mess . (: 
boredd , blarr . 
Science fair project , should I test people's ability to tell whether a smile is fake or not , or whether a composite picture made from features of other people is more attractive than the original person ? 
Finished my music paper , I hope it's actually what he was asking for . 
Hey , if you're in my physics class , and you haven't gotten that paper signed , please do . (: 
bomb threat . this isn't redundant at all . 
Why does facebook do this to meee ? I post a status , and then go to another tab . When I refresh , it posts the status again . Then , when I delete the repost . It deletes both . D:< 
a year and three months . never even crossed my mind until it was almost over . i love you darling . <3 
So . What did the groundhog see ? 
Zac and I are hipsters . 
Anthropology paper , ugh . 
So I finished my Anthropology paper , and now it is 9 pages long total . I'm a nerd . 
Just a suggestion , if you don't procrastinate things really won't be as overwhelming . 
It won't let you poke someone if you've already poked them , that makes me sad . 
flu . ugh . no school till monday . maybe i'm a nerd , but i hate missing school . 
I want to be one of those artsy girls , who make everything pretty . 
I am never going to find a prom dress . 
Anyone know what the guidelines for that English paper are ? 
I knew 32 states of 50 and Clairenuhnuhnuhnuh O'Loughlin knew 45 of 50 . D: 
I would like my Facebook friends to comment on this status , sharing how you met me . But I want you to LIE . That's right , just make it up . After you comment , copy this to your status , so I can do the same . I bet half won't read the instructions right ! 
no laptop for one to two weeks . :/ 
Haven't even pulled out that study guide yet . Ugh . I know how I'm spending my sunday . 
Gah . Hate sundays . 
thursby is insane to think we can memorize all of this . why wouldn't he just give a clearer idea of whats on the midterm ? 
I know we're all freaking out about that midterm , but did anyone remember we have a paper due the 3rd as well ? 
Current music class grades are on blackboard . 
I love all the drama on facebook , adds some humor to my day . (: 
I still think its crap for Ms. Small to cheat me out of ten points because i rounded to much when she only rounded to one decimal place on the board today . 
Why have the time stamps on posts gone away ? 
172/150 points on my midterm and now I have a 103 in music . (: \ 
btw , grades are on blackboard ! 
I miss my laptop . :/ 
So sick of high school . 
Go to your profile , the first five friends in the sidebar are your team in the upcoming Zombie Apocalypse . How screwed are you ? \ 
\ 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , Angel Thomason < PROPFIRST > Squiddles Pearman , < PROPFIRST > Long , < PROPFIRST > Haddock Jr. I'm not sure how this'll go . Haha . (: 
Ms small's book project tomorrow ! 
I am entirely done putting up with your crap , as well as anyone else's . 
Just saw an Ihop commercial for chicken and waffles . I just find that odd . 
I hate people who try to sound intelligent by using big words but cannot spell them . 
Anyone know where to turn in the books for NHS ? 
Anyone taken usc's math placement exam who can give me an idea of what it's like ? 
< PROPFEMALE > Mist Natural = disgusting . 
\Hahaha 
I really don't understand the excitement about girl's/boy's state . 
So I'm a nerd , and I looked up that Placement test USC kid's are taking tomorrow . Seems easy enough . 
Had fun at the bonfire . Great night with Zac . Exhausted now . Happy Birthday baby . I love you . <3 
Music 110 kids , both the extra credit paper assignment and paper 3 assignment are up on Blackboard . As well as the most recent quiz grades . 
I got my prom dress and shoes . (: Now I've got to figure out how to do that stupid satire assignment . 
So my Satire is now about the stupidity of teenagers , however I can't come up with enough exaggerations . Any suggestions ? 
I just wish I could sleep . 
Anthropology Vocabulary Quiz tomorrow . 
So sick of seeing \cool story bro\ " everywhere . " 
I can't wait until Water for Elephants comes out . (: 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Bragiel is my hero . 
Sick of these pages appearing on my Wall , I have never seen them let alone liked them . 
I hate watching my friends be mistreated . 
Fact #who cares . I'm tired of seeing these all over my wall . 
