Ummmmm did that car just tell him his Facebook status ?! Wow ! 

Lord I already can't sleep .... I know your doing your business but geeez . What's going on up there ? Well guess I'll watch tv ... Maybe I'll sleep some day :( 
So finally up . Guess I'll clean 
cookin , folding clothes , chilling . have some home work to do but i cant focus . i think ima try that tomorrow . 
So ready to go home ! Thursdays are so long ! 
This lady would appreciate me throwing up in her plate just about as much as I appreciate her heating that stankin ass fish in the microwave ! Ughhh #breakroomsmells ! 
I'm so ready to go ion no what to do with myself ! Come on 530 ! 
So its time to do it all over again .... I won't complain ! Happy Saturday fb :) 
So as clarification ... The baby I uploaded isn't mine ... My friend had hers and her camera sucks sooooo I uploaded for her . Nosey rosey ! 
Thanks < PROPFEMALE > ! Now ion look so thrower away ! Wish I had ends visit my bestest stylist ms Neiky ! Awww < PROPFEMALE > ybe next check ! 
Why do people ask you things just to do what the hell they wanna anyway ? #stupid ! 
Night night 
My feet hurt . 
morning fb !!! im super d duper excited about today ! God blessed me again .... I know i dont deserve but i guess thats y they call it his grace !!! I would just like to see if you would like to see me show out .... try and ruin my day ! lol 
Lol tank ain't tank . 
Had an interesting day ... Week ... Glad God is blessing me inspite of my short comings . This is gonna be fun :) 
Like this status if your momma used to press your hair and when she burned you she said be still that's just the grease melting ! 
Gosh I'm tired of this call center . Moving on to bigger things is next on my agenda . 
I'm so ready to go ! Tired :( 
Good morning ! 
What shall I eat for lunch ?! I'm hungry ! 
Ughhh !!! I'm ready now ! 
Working on Sunday makes you wanna cuss ! 
Ughhh ! I need some body that know how to disable a kill switch ! Cause Imma lose it if my car loves me out one more time ! 
Sleepy 
Guess I'd better get up and get at it . These bills won't pay themselves ! 
If u stupid please call verizon ! 
So what are we getting into tonight ??? No no I don't wanna go to bed ! :( 
