Woo-hoo ! Jury duty tomorrow ! I get to dress up and be a concerned citizen and uphold the statutes of justice in the big , old , crime-riddled region of Adams county !! 3rd time is a charm , right ? They never pick me .. Haters ! 

What a day !!! 
Up with a sick dog ... I wish she could speak . She's whining and panting and won't lay down !! Scares me with big dogs cuz ' they have the stomach problems that could kill them if they eat too fast ... Grrr ... poor < PROPFEMALE > 
Getting ready to watch Hell's Kitchen that I've recorded . I don't know why I love < PROPMALE > Ramsey so .. 
Stressful week ! Some knew I was pickd for jury , likely knw which case & 2day-our verdict . Every1 should experience it once , tho it WASNT enjoyable . It enlightened me to the fact that actions , thru anger , encircles many ppl directly & indirectly . Focusng your vengeance on 1 person , and by actng on it , ppl may get hurt or die being as a result . The road to hell is lined with good intentions , but it's truly paved with the bad . 
I'm tired of ppl who don't want to work at their jobs ... just freaking quit ! You make it harder on the ones that are there faithfully , and there are plenty of ppl who need jobs right now .. so stop screwing around and let us hire ppl who actually need the paychecks ! 
Love is a snowmobile racing across the tundra and then suddenly it flips over , pinning you underneath . At night , the ice weasels come . < PROPMALE > Groening 
When I die , I want to go peacefully like my Grandfather did , in his sleep -- not screaming , like the passengers in his car . .... ( just a funny I read the other day ! ) Unknown author ( to me , anyway ) 
I'm sick of strep throat , sick of waiting in the er ... grrr .... 
I think one way police departments could make some money would be to hold a yard sale of murder weapons . Many people , for example , could probably use a cheap ice pick . \ < PROPFIRST > Handy " 
Grrrr .... 
Awww ... much better ! 
Sorry all my frens ! I haven't been on here forever ! < PROPMALE > has joined wrestling and I don't seem to have a spare moment to dedicate to fb ! The last wrestling match was 8 hrs , and on work nights they are about 4 hrs ! I'm a proud mama and of course his friends amaze me too ! Take care and hopefully I'll be back soon ! 
Not a whole lot on my mind . Trying to stay up late to work overnights tomorrow !! If I was Catholic , I'd give up work for Lent !!! 
They say that what doesn't kill ya , makes you stronger . I just wanna know who's out to get me :) 
“If you're robbing a bank and you're pants fall down , I think it's okay to laugh and to let the hostages laugh too , because , come on , life is funny . ” 
“If you ever catch on fire , try to avoid seeing yourself in the mirror , because I bet that's what REALLY throws you into a panic . ” < PROPFIRST > Handy 
As my friends are discussing the pro's and con's of vajazzling , I have a more concerning issue that has crossed my mind- where do the bunnies in my yard go when there is a torrential downpour like we've been having ? Do they stay in their holes and get wet ? I've never seen a drenched < PROPFEMALE > hopping around ... And what about the ants-do they all drown ? Do i have mass ant hill grave sites in my yard ? 
Too many fires going on in Flagstaff , set by careless humans ... threatening the people's homes , lives and not to leave out the indian ruins and sunset crater , even various animal shelters . If you don't know how to properly put out a fire , don't freakin start one !! 
One more day of work !!! Then vacation to no where ! 
In my new profile pic- that's my baby-Wes !! 
In life we all have an unspeakable secret , an irreversible regret , an unreachable dream and an unforgettable love . ~ Diego Marchi 
Life is an endless struggle full of frustrations and challenges , but eventually you find a hair stylist you like . ~ Author Unknown\ 
This is so me and my special need hair !! I love my new hair stylist ! 
I'm back !!! Just wanted to post a few pics of < PROPFIRST > town ! Loved it ! Pretty sure I was suppose to be born in a BIG city like that ! Had an awsome time with my awesome bestie ! 
Man who walks thru airport turnstile sideways is going to Bangkok . \ 
Sorry , I know this is a lil inapproriate ... but it took a second and then i laughed . 
