Saturday night was amazing . The anniversary went off with littel trouble . 

\The world is a Vampire \"" 
Well i'm sick . I have Influenza A , and Influenza B . One of 3 in Utah with both , lucky me . 
Just about to leave for Illinois . Woo Family Reunion ! 
Back Home , stood 1,300 feet in the air , on a one inch sheet of glass . 
Chaos ... Due to it my GF is now living with me . Thus creating Chaos . 
< PROPFEMALE > cat , < PROPFEMALE > cat , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > cat . Oh , and more Chaos . 
If they can catch a group of soldiers unaware , they might be able to slay many of them quickly . 
I miss my Girlfriend . Life is lonely . 
Goning to work with a bloody hand . I'm gonna need gloves . 
Damn UPS , It fails to understand my address . SO what if its a non named street ! GOD DAMNET ! 
Finnaly got my sword . UPS sucks non-the-less . 
Is Building an Army of undead to do my job for me . Damn needining to clean . 
Gah ! Zombies ! No .. There breaking through the barrier AGH !!! ... Brains ... 
I hate dodging marriage . 
Still hates Ninja's , but is gonna go to bed . 
See's the world through red tinted glass's . 
Hmmm .... So thats what a Cannibal looks like . 
History is made by Children eating Pizza . 
Darth Maul . Need i say more ? 
So Tired . Gonna take a nap . 
Getting ready for war . Combat is the ultimate form of understanding . 
Sleeeeeeppppp ................ 
Going to school for my test today . 
I'm you long lost Grandfather twice removed . 
I love The Legend of Dragoon ! Awsome PS1 Game . 
Ra ! 
Lost in the Talent show . Everyone needs to know this . I WILL HAVE MY REVENGE ! ( i am a sore loser . ) 
Army ... Navy ... Airforce ... Which one has a better MP program ? 
I knew you were a Cannible . 
Ok lets try this again . AH ! Cannibals ! 
< PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > is fucking Awsome ! Super Smash Bros is such an awsome game . 
9 hours of work sucks . I get to do it again tommorow to yay ! 
is a very tired Sith Lord . 
work ... now i work in the deli . 
No trick or treating for me this year . sad day . 
Gonna go play Dynasty Warriors 6 : Empires . 
Saw Zombie Land . AWSOME !!! It may actualy be better then < PROPFIRST > of the Dead . 
Must have BRAINS !!! 
Hmmm ... So thats what a giant undead wereweasel looks like . 
was FROZEN TODAY !!! 
1/2 hour of sleep and feeling fine . 
Been awake for 37 hours and still not tired . Hmmm ... Insomnia ? 
Car wont start , is gonna be late for work and doesnt have the work number . 
I have , and will always love the < PROPFEMALE > . 
Fire = passion 
Today is green . 
Freedom or Tryanny . Its up to us to choose , and soon we'll either be forced t ochoose or we'll sit back and watch it all end . 
Being Forced to work on House . Not even allowed to go to Work . 
Hmmm .... I hate work sometimes . 2 months ago i told them i have plans for halloween , i even filled out an RTO form . Yet for some reason they schedule me to work and 3 other people who didnt RTO it have it off !!! Bastards . 
Halloween will be fun . Work got my shift covered , or so they told me . Anyways i'm getting ready for my Killing Spree as a Sith Lord ! 
Wishes that his Kitten Pandora was here . He is also worried about < PROPFEMALE > . 
Life is wierd . As i walked home i heard Five songs abput getting married . 
Is going to bed , and didnt kill his boss . :) 
Is thinking about the Army . 
Is enjoying a debate with a devout christian about religion . I'm making him think . :) 
The world is a vampire . 
Mask of the Phantasm 
Nicoles mother is a bitch and wont give her any freedoms . 
I might not have a job tommorow because of bad luck . 
Is starting to write a book after two years of writers block . 
Wonders if life is just a video game being played by a kid . Are we all just a dream ? 
I WILL BE COMPLETELY HONEST FOR 24 HOURS ... You can ask me 1 question ( only in my INBOX ) . Any question , no matter how crazy it is . You have my FULL honesty , If you ask me a question though , you must put this as your status as well . 
Ate a live nonexistant human . They tast like salt . 
Just watched Coming to < PROPFEMALE > . Hilarious ! Well anyways good night all . 
A New Year , and a New Life ! Here's to new friends and to the Start of the Academy 
My Day was Amazing , worked and got time and a half . < PROPMALE > out with < PROPMALE > and Stefen , shot an airsoft sniper rifle . Then I went to Area 51 with Yazmine , < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPMALE > . It was a blast , first day of the year was great , hopefully a sign of good to come . 
Failed to get Promoted . It just made me more dedicated to getting it next time though ! 
I wish for Fire ! 
My Ideal Gocernment should do the following : 1 . Support Eduaction . 2 . Support the Military ( Veterans to ) . 3 . Give a sensibel mix of Economic and Political Rights . 4 . The Political Process needs to be open to everyone ! 5 . Enforce the Law ! Not just make more laws ! 
Cat !!! 
Is going to bed . Got second in Laser Tag today , out of 35 i got second . That is so wierd . 
I love that swordfighting is back . Life is going good . 
Voltaire is Amazing . If anyone disagrees you can go .... Eat left overs from a month ago ! 
My sister is truly a bad person sometimes . But she is still my sister and i guess i have to love her anyways . I hope she finds her way in life . 
Kick Ass is a great movie . I actualy cried from the sheer epicness of it . 
Is thinking about life , and the world around him . 
People ! Go yo my Birthday Party at < PROPFEMALE > on the 12th of May ! If you need more info just mail me . Please come its my 21st Birthday . 
Happy Mothers Day to all the mothers out there . Especialy to mine ! 
Fire Frogs ? 
Only Two days till my Birthday ! 21 Here i come ! 
ZEUS !!! 
I am now 21 Years Old !!! 
Drama in life has forced me to rethink the Police Force . They truely are heroes . 
Asheron's Call ? If anyone knows what it is you get kudos . 
Looking for Group is a Hilarious Webcomic . 
What does it mean when your being chased by a mob of people yelling something about brains ?! 
Humanity continues to fail my expectations . 
Liu Bei !!! 
The End is the Begining is the End ! 
Has Shaved off his Mustache and is testing out a Goatee 
Repo The Genetic Opera , Sweeney < PROPMALE > , these are the musicals i love . Yes there Dark , and Gruesome , but the Story is always to beautiful , in a Dark Gruesome kind of way . 
The Addams Family ! 
The Rain Today Felt Great . Anyways time to hit the sack . Goodnight All you Humans , ( And Non as well ) . 
Darth Revan . Truely the Greatest of the Sith , now that was a Great Military Commander . 
Playing KOTOR Again , still as Epic as Ever . 
What do you get when you mix ; Avatar : The Last Airbender , < PROPFEMALE > Trek , < PROPFEMALE > Wars , and < PROPFIRST > and the Choclate Factory ? 
An Echani Jedi Consular would be so cool to see . 
Philisophical Conversations that < PROPFEMALE > on from 11 pm to 5 am are amazing . We need more things like that in the world . 
Long Day of Swordfighting . Didnt do alot of it , but i did get to teach the groups Philosophy more . 
Sleep is gooooood .... 
If you want to Rule the world , or to change it there are three personality traits you'll need ; Ambition , Passion , and Discipline . Without these all those dreams you have will accomplish nothing . 
Passion , Discipline , Ambition . What do they mean to you , what are they to you ? Post your thoughts Bellow . 
The Last Airbender felt like a giant Trailer . No substance , to fast of paced , it left you with a bad taste in the mouth . No charecter development , and everything felt forced , instead of fluid like it should . 
I'm back from Las Vegas . I have decided that i dislike gambling due to the town . To much corruption , it takes pure luck . I like to think and stratgize , the only gambling game i realy like it Texas Hold'em . 
I have a deep love for those that are my friends . I will protect them as best i can , for to me they are a family , my family . 
Is in St < PROPFIRST > , just got my car its a stick shift .... yay .... 
i've decided i like my car . Getting used to driving stick . 
Who are you realy ? 
Until the end and back again \ 
Defiant to the last man \ 
until there's nothing left \ 
To fight against \ 
No surrender- VNV Nation 
I am < PROPMALE > Kempin , ArchVillain Extrodanaire . I am currently looking for minnions , to apply just reply/comment Below with you qualifications . :) 
If twelve people like/reply to this status i will write a book . A good book at that , 300+ Pages . 
Well i suppose i'l write a book then . Question is what kind . I know lets vote out of the Following . Mix and match if you want . \ 
Fantasy\ 
Sci-Fi\ 
Modern\ 
Dark 
I am a hero who acts like a villain . 
Just connected my Youtube and facebook accounts . No clue what that will do . 
Has a date Tommorow . 
< PROPMALE > me wings so i may fly , my restless soul is longing . 
My date was Awsome ! Mingolf , dinner , and a movie . Hopefully there will be a second one in the future . 
School was awsome today . I can already tell you that it looks like Yoga is gonna be painful . Luckily its followed by my Social Problems Class . 
There is now a website for Zeal if you are interested . It is highly underconstruction but has a forum and basic info on the group . thew site is www.tavm.webs.com 
POKE me if you have ever had a crush on me . LIKE this if you think I am hot . Put a :) if we are friends . Put a :( if you don't like me . Put a ? I you love me and always will . Post this as your status and see what people say about you 
I have to say i love my friends . your all Awsome and crazy . 
Thinking about going to Anime Banzai . If i do Should i go as Gaara ? 
Well < PROPMALE > left Zeal today , as well as apparently decided to stop being my friend . My question to you all is was it right of him to do ? 
If you're reading this , whether we do or don't speak often , post a comment\ 
of the first memory you have of me that pops into your head . When \ 
you're finished , post this paragraph on your own status . You'll be \ 
surprised what people remember about you . 
Is using Google Chrome . It looks nice , but so far thats about it . 
I now return to the wonderland of my dreams . For when i awake again from my mind we shall all be free . 
Today was way fun , played Dungeons and Dragons . Found some inner peace , and enjoyed time with my friends . I need to stop taking life so seriously 
I have found that I live to lives . My life at Zeal , here i am probably the worst person i could be while also being the best . Outside of Zeal i am me ! I am a happy go lucky person wishing to live a normal life and have friends who truely care for me . I hope for my own sake that i never meet my otherself . 
The Starter for my car has died , i have over $300 dollars in medical bills , i have to pay rent , and get good grades in school , have a job . Life just keeps putting more and more on my shoulders . \ 
\ 
And you know what .... BRING IT ON !!! I WILL NOT BACK DOWN ! THIS IS MY LIFE ! 
Lighting struck 10 feet behind me , i could see the flame , and i could feel the energy . It was the most frighting , and amazing experience in my life . 
Going to bed , my body is starting to ache . Maybe i need a day to rest , i keep doing things nonstop . Not enough hours in a day , not enough days in a week . Ughh .... 
Damn me having dreams about me being Undead ! 
Well 10 and a half hours of work is surprisingly fun . Plus i need the money . 
My phone is off , so if you want to reach me this is sadly the best way to reach me currently . Or try and find me in person , i may also call people using other people phones . 
Is excited for his date on Monday . 
My date was canceled due to her getting sick . Well i guess it can still < PROPFEMALE > out with my dnd group then . 
wishes he knew who he was . 
Is going to bed after a long , slightly painful day . Zeal was awsome , and a professional photagrapher came by and took a good dozen photo's of our group . Also be ready for when we get our poster ready and set out . 
wonders if there is such a thing as good and evil ? Or is it just different ideals ? 
The < PROPFEMALE > haired Beauty Dances within the Palace of Lights . Her Eyes < PROPFEMALE > with the light of the Stars in the Sky and her face hides a smile of a goddess . Yet her eyes cry with a pity unlike the others . She is silent , and turns away from the knight . For she and he are not to be . 
Days they come and go , but life , life is interesting . 
What is most Important to you . You Political Freedoms ( Democracy ) , Your Economic Freedom ( Capitalism ) , or your Civil Freedom ( Personal Rights ) . Please post your responces , its for a class . 
Well that is one painful looking < PROPFEMALE > . Hopefully it will look better by friday , doubtful though . 
Just finished his test . Now all i have to do is write my letter of interest for a promotion . Wish me luck ! 
How many of us really know everybody on our facebook friend list ?? Here's atask for you ! I want ALL my FB friends to comment on this status about how you met me . After you comment , copy this to your status so I can do the same to you . You'll be amazed at some of the answers you get . 
Well i have an interview for the promotion on Monday . 
is an UN-APOLOGETIC AMERICAN !! I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of < PROPFEMALE > , and to the REPUBLIC for which it stands , one nation under GOD , indivisible , with < PROPFEMALE > and JUSTICE for all !! I grewup reciting this every morning in school . It is a shame we no longer do ... that for fear of OFFENDING SOMEONE !! Let's see how many < PROPFEMALE > ns will re-post this and not care about offending someone ! 
Didnt get Promoted , is sick of the chocked up beuracracy that is our school system . Wishes < PROPFEMALE > was like the nation that existed when Washington was president ( keep some of the amendments we have now . ) wishes he could join the military . Finaly he just wants to see the world become a better place instead of this pit we all live in now . 
Going to Lunch with his Grandfather . 
Post this as your status and see what people think of you . 1 ) random . 2 ) babe . 3 ) I'd marry you . 4 ) sweet . 5 ) beautiful . 6 ) talkative . 7 ) hot . 8)funny . 9 ) moody . 10 ) perfect type . 11 ) love you . 12 ) I miss you . 13 ) gorgeous . 14 ) strong . 15 ) the best . 16 ) awesome . 17 ) dumb . 18 ) crazy . ...... 19 ) hate you . 20 ) wooow .. (; 
Inbox\ 
only -- tell me something you've always wanted to say to me , it stays \ 
between us , I promise . Post this as your status and see what you get . 
1 hour till i head out to vegas ! 
Just realized i forgot to post i was back from vegas . Well I'm back ( been back for a week . ) 
Finnaly has Internet ! 
Well i guess its time to get ready for the day . 
Enjoyed his Date Today . I hope work won't be to bad tommorow . 
Is so excited about passing his Police Academy Entrance Exam . Police Academy here i come ! 
Got pulled over last night for supposedly having no insurance . He eneded up telling me how to possibly get the police force to pay for the academy . Also i had insurance :) 
Well going to the Team Member Awards tonight . Free Food , Prizes , and a Movie . Ya sounds like it could be a good time . All I'm missing is a good Woman . 
Narnia : Voyage of the < PROPFEMALE > Treader is good . All except for the overt religiousness at the end , but that is my only complaint and a minor one . It stayed very close to the book . 4.5 stars out of five stars from < PROPMALE > . 
Work was terrible , never been so annoyed with closing in my life . 
I am both Chaotic and Orderly , I have strong Principals and am willing to Support them . I Obey the law , but i am willing to bend it a little for the greater good . I am strict and Orderly , but am i follow my heart when making decisions . 
PLEASE\ 
put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone)\ 
who has been eaten by dragons . Dragons are nearly unstoppable and , in\ 
case you didn't know , they can breathe fire . 93% of people won't copy\ 
and paste this , because they have already been eaten by dragons . 6% of\ 
...... people are sitting in the shower armed with fire extinguishers &\ 
the remaining 1% are awesome and will repost this 
didnt fet off work till nearly 4 in the morning . I shall have my revenge ! lol 
My recent movie ratings . \ 
Tron Legacy : 5 out of 5 Stars , Mostly do to epic action , and amazing effects . The Musical score was great , and there was a story , you just need to look for it . \ 
The Next Three Day : 4.5 out 0f 5 Stars , Rarely does a drama keep you on the edge of your seat like this . It said more in the silent scenes then in the Dialogue , truly amazing story telling . 
\The Only Winning move is not to Play . \"" 
Cowboy Bebop , FLCL , Blood Plus , Outlaw < PROPFEMALE > , and Code Geass . These things define my personality , in the oddest way . 
ughh ... work was .... annoying . But at least i get paid to do it . 
The Kings Speach was amazing ! 
Work was ok , but now i get a party with my friends celebrating my entrance into the police academy 
So i had a dream last night about zombies . third night in a row . 
Police Academy is painful , but its the good kind of pain . :) 
had a good date , went to a movie and lazertag . 
[ POKE ] me if you ever had a crush on me or still do . \ 
[ LIKE ] this status if you think I'm a good friend . \ 
[ MESSAGE ] me if you ever wanted a relationship with me , and i wont tell a soul . \ 
[ COMMENT ] On this if we've had some good memories .. \ 
NOW LETS SEE WHOSE BRAVE ENOUGH TO COPY THIS ON THEIR STATUS 
I am loving the police academy , sadly i have no girlfriend to support me . Luckily though i have a great family , and amazing friends who do . :) 
RATE ME ! 1 . You love me 2 . I'd date you 3 . handsome 4 . Hot 5 . Ugly 6 . I hate you 7 . Best Friend 8 . Funny 9 . Random 10 . I'd kiss you 11 . Weird 12 . I miss you 13 . Realy Awesome 14 . Crazy 
life is confusing sometimes . 
Life is Servitude ;\ 
Life is Pain ;\ 
Life is Good . 
i keep having dreams that i wish i couldnt wake from , but then when i do awake i am happy to know those dreams can become reality . All i need to do is put in the hard work and effort . 
AOCDRNDICG TO RSCHEEARCH AT CMABRIGDE UINERVTISY , IT DSENO'T MTAETR WAHT OERDR THE LTTERES IN A WROD ARE , THE OLNY IPROAMTNT TIHNG IS TAHT THE FRSIT AND LSAT LTTEER BE IN THE RGHIT PCLAE . TIHS IS BCUSEAE THE HUAMN MNID DEOS NOT RAED ERVEY LTETER BY ISTLEF , BUT THE WROD AS A WLOHE . IF YOU CAN RAED TIHS , PSOT IT TO YUOR WLAL . OLNY 55% OF PLEPOE CAN 
I AM ASKING IF EVERYONE COULD PLEASE PUT THIS AS YOUR STATUS FOR ONE HOUR IF YOU OR SOMEONE YOU LOVE HAS OR HAD CANCER . I KNOW MY FAMILY WILL , MY PRAYER IS THAT IN 2011 A CURE WILL BE FOUND . WILL YOU POST IT ? JUST FOR ONE HOUR . DO IT FOR ALL OF US IN MEMORY OF TOO MANY TO MENTION AND IN HONOR OF ALL FIGHTING IT ! I HOPE TO SEE THIS ON ALL STATUS TODAY 
I am using my friends iPad to type this . 
In vegas visiting my dad . The temperature is nice down here , i can wear short sleeves with no coat ! 
The strip is beautiful at night , once you get past all the people selling you stuff or shouting how your a sinner and need to repent and fear god . 
Thank you packers for your win , i am now 10 dollars richer . 
back from vegas , getting ready to head out to the police acadmey now . 
I forgot how much i loved the Corpse Bride . I need to buy it . 
Basement flooded this morning , well the water heater room did . Still needed a bucket to get all the water out . Took nearly two hours to get it the water mostly out . The terror is over and life returns to normal . 
Had a fun date , life is going well . Also the Eagle is absolutely amazing , i recommend it to everyone . 
Today was great . Work started out kinda sucky , only me and < PROPMALE > opening , but it went by fast . Then i did a little bit of Filming with Yaz . At school i actualy Enjoyed the Two mile run , and was in the top quarter ! In Defensive Tactics i got all the moves down perfectly on the first time , for 90% of the moves . I hope it continues to go well like this . :) 
So i need someone t ovolunteer to be my practice dummy for my police takedowns and searches . I will even make you food of i feel like it . :) 
I love life , yet it is so wierd . 
I am canceling Zeal today , the snow is not letting up . My appologies to all members . 
I'm almost Human , and I do it all because I'm Evil !!!! Mwah ha ha ha !!! 
I am beging to understand who i am . I like who i am , and who i'm going to be . 
Just finished my DT Final today . I got 155 points out of 157 possible . a little over 98% on it . I was in the top 10% of the class ( 3 people ) so i'm super happy ! I just need to remember not to break who i'm doing it on . 
Is currently recording his life . Hurray ! 
SIBLING WAR !!!!!! Copy this if you are the best looking and smartest of your siblings . If it stands for an hour without your siblings protesting then its so true ! 
hapy St. < PROPFIRST>'s Day ! 
Had an amzing day , and is very happy . I may be single , but i am happy and content , thats all that matters , being happy . :) 
So i think i finnaly have my life together . Life is good , and its a challenge , but a fun one . 
Ugh just as life gets going well i get sick . Blast you Irony !!! I wll get better i swear it !!! 
So i had the Flu last week , just got over it . While i had the flu though i also got an ear infection , but that issomething i can handle ( meaning i can still excercise while dealing with ) . 
