Anyone in SA , tomorrow night , my Birthday , no direct plans , I am open to ideas and to anyone coming out and celebrating . Get at me people ! 

Thank goodness Boone's folks are selling their house , the last time I was there I was stabbed making a movie , now , some 11 years later , I went back to help move some things and sliced my finger wide open , curse you house !!!!! 
It sucks that I have too much experience to get jobs I don't even want and not enough in the field I got my degree in , whoops ! 
I'm about to move in to a new place which can only mean good things ! We will have a jam space where all real and plastic intsruments are welcome ! 
My brain is totally out of whack today . Nothing seems to be clicking , synapses are not connecting , can't form full thoughts but oddly enough I'm beginning to embrace it . My brain needs a break once in a while :) 
Hey to the select few that may need to contact me in the immediate future , my phone has spazzed out and is not working . I should have a new one up an running in a few hours , I hope you guys can wait .... ha ha ha 
Phone = working again .... 
Gobble gobble to all my wonderful friends across the world ! I am thankful for each and every one of you ! 
Has the itis .... zzzzzzzzz 
Phone = disconnected at the moment , working on correcting this travesty .... 
Phone = working but it's a new number so .... if you didn't get it yet please hit me up and I'll send it to ya ! 
Finally have my bed , you can suck it couch ! :) 
Wow , didn't leave work until 5:15 am .... so for those who think working where I work is/should be easy , ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha , now with that being said , I love where I work so it's more than all good :) 
T-shirt - $25 , Jordans - $150 , Plush robe - $50 , gold chain - $75 , hearing the \ping\ " of a pot off some drunk dudes head 3 times ..... PRICELESS !!!!! " 
I'm always thinking one step ahead , like a carpenter who makes stairs .... 
Seriously ?!?! Allergies then a head cold , I love ya , but F YOU San < PROPFIRST > and your damn oak count :) 
Happy Mother's Day to all ... and a special shout out to mine , I wouldn't be anywhere near the person I am today if it wasn't for you . I love you Mom ! 
Thanks to all of my family and friends that kept my birthday going till 6 IN THA MORNIN !!! Ha ha ha , but no seriously , it went that late and I had a wonderful time , thank you all and my Mom for being my wonderful Mom and such a gracious host :) 
The more I plan the less things happen , the less I plan the more things go awry , so now , no plans no nothing , unless I'm kidnapped and forced to have fun . Just close my eyes and enjoy this last 1 1/2 day off . 
Well , I didn't get to the beach like I'd hoped , but the Universe still tried and gave me a nice rain shower to run in whilst the sun was out and bright . I may not have it all , but at least I have some :) 
Well 30 let's see how this year treats us . Thank you to everyone for all the birthday wishes , presents , pictures , hugs , etc ... It doesn't seem like I've had four days off but the clock says it's just about that time , so I bid you farewell world and I will see you bright and early tomorrow .... 
Day off with nothing to do , I have to be bored if I'm posting on Facebook ...... 
3 Kindergarteners , 1st grader , 2nd grader , 3rd grader , 6th grader , 8th grader , 2 in High School and a few in college , wow there may be more that I know too , well , happy first day of school to all of you ! 
