Don't close your mind to what you find unacceptable by first glance .... what you see as a worthless I can find possibilities in . 

Ignor that last message im computer retarded 
I strongly incourage everyone to go see or to take there Valintines Day date to go see The Lovely Bones 
Cereal is mans greatest invention 
yea talkin to full birds ang generals on a daily basis rocks ... not 
Nice little date to night I can't wait .... im actually really excited bout this girl ... 
YES success awesome date this chick is amazing and if ya know El Paso as well as i do you can have an amazing evenin caught a flick then The Macaroni Grill bowling alley with a couple army friends then we sat up on the Scenic Route ( < PROPMALE > Mountains that over look El Paso ) till 0330 and just talked and had a blast thats how a date should go mother fuckers !!!! 
FUCK MY MOTHER FUCKIN LIFE IM DEPLOYING BITCHES HOOAH 
im done 
6 AM El Paso time i will be on a plane to Kuwait i love ya all dont worry bout me ... worry bout them im the one with the missles LMMFAO 
fuck it ill put it out there for everyone to see ... im gonna miss the hell out of you < PROPFEMALE > Stover ... keep smilin it always gets better 
i made it im ok im in kuwait ... damn bugs 
first week not bad just kinda boring 
WRESTLEMANIA XXVI ....... Pay for the Dead Man .... R.I.P. < PROPFIRST > Michales 
It is done ........ Undertaker .... The Dead Man .... The American Bad Ass .... The Phenom ......... 18 ..... & 0 .......... at WRESTLEMANIA XXVI .............. R.I.P. < PROPFIRST > \MR . WRESTLEMANIA\ " Micheals " 
As dumb as some military shit is there is still something nostalgic bout hear Retreat play every night 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Let's see who is paying attention .... Every single one of you are on my Friend list as a result of a conscious decision . I am not only glad to count you as friends but also as family ! Let's see who in my Friends list actually pays attention . Copy and paste this in your status . I will be watching to see who really likes me !! 
DO I ?...... 
Foxtrot ..... Mike ...... Lima Hooah anybody ?..... 
La da dada .... laaa daaaaaa dada da .... dada .. Lada ... da-da daaa daaa .... la da dada ... laaa daaaaa dada da ... naaa naa < PROPFEMALE > lada da dada ......... 5 points if you can name the song 
And the answer to the music trivia is .......... Ripple from Grateful Dead 
Im lookin for that little lady with a lotta < PROPMALE > so i can getcha to my crib and throw that bottle up i hope ya got enough we rock G spots neighbors be complaining when i make < PROPFEMALE > pussy beat box ..... let see who got this one ... who is it 
And i find it kinda funny i find it kinda sad the dreams in which im dieing are the best i ever had i find it hard to tell you i find it hard to take when people run in circles its a very very .... mad world ............ whos got it 
She packed my bags last night pre flight ... zero hours 9 am ..... and im gonna be hiiiiIIIIIGHHH as a kite by then ...... i miss the earth so muc , h i miss my wife ..... its lonely out in space ...... on such a tiiiiIIIIMless flight ........ whos got it 
Down the street from your hotel , baby .... i stay at home with my disease .... aint this position familiar darling .... but all monkeys do what they see ..... whos got it 
Sisters using rogue and clear complection soap , brothers whereing beads and he smokes alot of dope , momma is depressed barely makes a sound , daddys got a girl friend in another town , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > sings like a rollin stone ..... whos got it 
Theres a little black spot on the sun today its the same old thing as yesterday theres a black cat caught in a high tree top thees a flag pole rag and the wind wont stop I have stood here before inside the pouring rain with the world turnin circles runnin round my brain i guess im always hoping youll end this reign but its my < PROPFEMALE > to be the < PROPMALE > of pain Whos got it .........?! ( hint theres two possible answers ) 
you probably left the paper on the dinning room table cause you able to realize im the truth and not a fable ....... whos got it ? 
Im so tired of being alone im so on my own wont ya help me girl just as soon as you can ..... whos got it ...... Rob you cant play this time lol 
The dust has finally settled on the feild of human < PROPMALE > , just enough light has shown through to tell the night from the day ...... were incomplete and hollow ..... cause our makers gonna away ...... who is to blame ...... wholl surely melt in the rain ..... say i ............. say iii-ii-ii-i ....... whos got it 
Seven lonely days and a dozen times ago i reached out one night and you were gone dont kno whyd you run what < PROPFEMALE > runnin to or from all i kno is i want to bring you home So im walkin in the rain thumbin for a ride on this lonely Kentucky back road I loved ya much to long my loves to strong to let you go never knowing what went wrong ........ whos got it ... 
IF YOU ARE BRAVE .... Copy this into your status and see what people rate you . 1 : Crazy . 2 : I'd marry you . 3 Talkative . 4 : Sassy . 5 : Loveable . 6 : Too nice . 7 : Moody . 8 : Sexy . 9 : Spoiled . 10 : Mouthy . 11 : Random . 12 : Hot . 13 : Funny . 14 : Fit . 15 : Amazing . 16 : Beautiful . 17 : Cute . 18 : Smart ass . 19 : bubbly . 20 : loyal . Be Honest Please :) 
The sun is gone and the flowers rot Words are spaces between us And I should've been drown in the rivers I've found of token lost And I should've been down when you made me insecure So break me down if it makes you feel right And hate me now if it keeps you alright You can break me down if it takes all your might ' cause I'm so much more than meets the eye ......... whos got it 
Three words ...... NEW GODSMACK ALBUM ....... out TODAY 
\Agony beyond power of speech . When the one thing you want 
No matter how many times you watch it RENT is still amazing EVERY time 
Note to self ...... THINK shit thru before you do it 
I wish some one at the Boardwalk would ride my Short Line passed GO , collect $200 hit up some Free Parking so we can negotiate the price of the Water Works get caught end up in Jail , Get Out Free so i can throw her ass back into the Community Chest ......... lmao oh yea Monopoly burn bitches 
. 
Army pushed my leave back now instead of the 4th of July i go home on the 25 ....... GAY 
ok great quote this goes out to everyone\ 
I built a wall not to keep people out .... \ 
but to see who loves me enough to climb over it\ 
\ 
yea .... word 
I felt the arrow from death's fatal quiver\ 
Come so close it actually grazed me\ 
I bled the blood and i felt the cold shivers\ 
God only knows how he saved me\ 
Theres two dates and times that they'll carve on your stone , and everyone knows what they mean . Whats more important is the time that is known and that little dash there in between\ 
Whos got it ........ 
MO&E FUCK YEAH !!!! 
Alright listen up got something new .... the new slogan for life should be\ 
\Open To Innovation\ " \ 
Leave in 5 days .... sweet 
24 hours gaurd duty ...... today is gonna suck lol at least i leave sunday ..... i keep playin Momma Im Coming Home from Ozzy in my head 
gettin on the bus to go ill be home soon 
28 days ........... 6 hours ....... 42 minutes ...... 12 seconds ......... thats is when the world will end 
Hey now this is horror music\ 
< PROPMALE > a blonde white bitch thru the < PROPMALE > to it 
At the age of 4 : Mom knows everything ! At 8 : Mom knows a lot ! At 12 Mom doesn’t really know everything . At 14 Mom doesn’t know anything . At 16 Mom doesn’t exist . At 18 She’s old fashioned . At 25 Maybe Mom does know about this ! At 35 Before we decide , let’s ask Mom . At 45 I wonder ... what Mom thinks about this ? At 75 I wish I could ask my Mom about this . Post this if you have or had the best Mom in the world . 
ok general consensus of the many voices in my head on everybody ....... FUCK YOU YOU STUPID SELFCENTERED IGNORANT ASS NO COMMON CURTISY HAVIN MOTHERFUCKERS ...... aaaaaaah yeah its that kinda day bitches 
Nutshell by < PROPFEMALE > In Chains ..... go listen 
Im so tired of being alone im so tired of on my own wont you help me girl soon as you can ........... \ 
lol love that song 
Movie .... The Road To El Dorado ... go watch amazing flick full of wonder and adventure and some of < PROPMALE > Johns best music ever .... take the time youll enjoy it 
even tho the moment passed me by i still cant turn away\ 
i saw the dreams you never thought youd lose tossed along the way\ 
letters that you never ment to send get lost and blown away\ 
Now were grown up orphans who never knew there name \ 
we dont belong to no one thats a shame\ 
you could hide beside me maybe for a while \ 
and i wont tell no one your name\ 
and i wont tell'em your name 
HEAR YE HEAR YE ..... new < PROPFIRST > Clapton album out .... BADASSSSSS ..... he went back to his ROOTS roots old school blues ..... check it out 
So no shit i got to play < PROPFEMALE > pong with < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > of Staind yesterday ..... how cool is that ..... hes an awesome dude real chill and down to earth ..... put on an awesome show too 
Its like\ 
Just before dark jump in the car buyin ice cream and seein how far we can drive before it melts\ 
kinda easy\ 
theres a cow in the road and you swerve to the left your heart skips a beat and it scares you to death and you laugh until you cry\ 
thats how your love makes me feel inside 
alright i got one birthday wish i want everyone to look up \diamonds Made From Rain\ " by < PROPFIRST > Clapton awesome song about hope age learnin from the past and most importantly appreciating what you have and how you got it ...... plus it sounds like a song theyd use on House MD lol " 
Confusious say man who walk in airport sideways is going to bangcok 
has the most bad ass father on the planet 
20 years ago today i got the greatest christmas present ive ever gotten .... my little sister < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > i love you happy birthday 
yea todays one of those days where ya feel like ya just boloed life 
i love my mama 
So hurry up and bring your jukebox money 
Well did she call my naAAAAAAAAAme ..... I think its gonna raAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAIn OH When I Die 
Its 5 o'clock on a Saturday , regular crowd rushes in\ 
Theres an old man sittin next to me , makin love to his tonic and gin 
..... I got got ....... Richard \Taco\ " Santiago ........ im coming for you ....... " 
\What Do You Want From Me Now\ " by Hootie & The Blowfish go look it up awesome jam " 
Burn out the candels turn out the lights \ 
Forget these feelings , you been feelin\ 
Deep inside of me we'll be alright 
I cannot wait to get back to El Paso be back in MY country with MY people see some old faces and start some new friendships with new people and a couple i let pass by no more mistakes in this life got people i wanna see and shit to do to everyone on my FB i love you all its just wanna those kinda days 
But i cant get out of this unholy nightmare - < PROPFIRST > Dibble keep writin brah 
LMAO only in the Army will you find people with the last name Gundacracker lol 
