Watching Glee ! I can't wait until April for the new season ! ah the drama that will soon happen 

It is going to be a great start to 2010 , we got a new car gonna have a good night out this weekend , planning a new vacay with my hubby and best friend to the mexican riviera ! So many things that are getting me excited already ! 
working tomorrow bright and early at 4:45 am(yay ) , working thursday and then bachelorette party friday night !!! Spending all day with my bestie/sis < PROPFEMALE > !! Love you ! Then 11 days from now getting married to the love of my life !!!!! Can't wait 
going out tonight with the girls !!! spending the day with < PROPFEMALE > !! can't wait !! 
finally married !!!! 
Seriously can't wait for the long awaited honeymoon/vacation ! We both need it desperately !!!! 11 more days and i will be in Cali and 12 more days until i sail away to the Mexican Riviera ! Gonna have a great time with my love ! 
leaving on sat for vacation and i have so much stuff to pack ugh ! it will be worth it tho 
i am back from vacation ... wish i was still cruising out with my love ! i am happy to be home though ! missed everyone 
so not feeling good , in the hospital ANOTHER day and i still don't know whats going on with me !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I feel so much better ! Thank you everyone for the well wishes ! I miss you all ! Back to work tomorrow ! I honestly can't wait to go back ! 
Can't wait for this weekend ! Turning 22 , needing a good weekend ! 
Birthday Tomorrow ! I am soooo excited ! Gonna be with my love and my friends ! 
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes ! It was a great one , love you all !!! 
made an awesome cheesecake for dinner tomorrow ! one less thing to do after i get off work . staying up to watch glee tonight(which i am SOOOO addicted to btw ) Gosh i remember thanksgiving when i was a kid still living in N.Y. with like 30 ppl sitting around a dinner table , ah the memories . Thankfully i am only cooking for 4 lol 
i have the best husband ever ! went out on black friday to get me an hp laptop for a steal ! then gave it to me later that day , best early christmas present !!!!!!! gosh i love him 
i am seriously having a hard time getting motivated today 
Serously wonders why I even try to stop shoplifters ? It doesn't even matter if the cost is less than $250 , gosh sometimes i hate the way the system works . Anyway home just finished cleaning and now kicking back and relaxing ! 
hairograpy : it's like cool epilepsy ... 
seriously , these headaches are killing me why won't this end ??? 
I can't believe tonight is the las episode of glee until april :( 
needing to finish christmas shopping , gonna make one tonight and finish this week hopefully cross your fingers for me 
R . I . P < PROPFEMALE > Murphy ! you will be missed ! you will make us smile still as we continue to watch movies and shows that you were in . 
I have to say 2009 has probably been the best year of my life ... learned a lot , got married to the love of my life and man of my dreams , went on an amazing honeymoon cruise , spent time with great friends and all in all just enjoyed an amazing year ! thank you eveyone for making my year what it was ! 
hope < PROPFEMALE > ryone had a happy and safe new years < PROPFEMALE > ! wish < PROPFEMALE > ryone a great new year with lots of < PROPMALE > , wealth and happiness . Happy birthday mom ! I love and miss you so much ! 
going to grab a bite to eat with my wonderful hubby . love spending time with him <3 
I am now officially < PROPFIRST > Heinsen :) I am so happy , it was so easy 
Going to be a pin cushion once again this tues . Yet another spinal tap and also getting a blood patch . oh joy ! 
last night was amazing ! Went to CES concert thrown by monster cables ! Saw < PROPFIRST > Legend , which to my surprise was REALLY good ! Then < PROPFIRST > Wonder showed up and performed with < PROPFIRST > , could have went to after party but decided to go home instead . All I have to say is woooooooo What A Night ! 
okay seriously .... a person should not have a constant headache for 3 months straight ! horrible pain ... we need to figure out what this is already !!!!!!! 
Go to urbandictionary.com and then type in your first name . Then post the results as your first comment . 
Today I saw Capt < PROPFIRST > Sparrow and < PROPFIRST > Cullen drinking two rather large heinekens outside of m&m world ... only in Las Vegas 
Havemany things to look forward to ... july : one year wedding anniversary .... november : birthday cruise/vacation with hubby and big sister to mexican riviera :) and current : working out and diet going great ! 
i seriously want to pretty much sleep through the month of may , while im at it can we just skip to july ? 
had a great day :) quatro de cinco de mayo was amazing with fun and margaritas with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > by the pool . 
Today was a good day :) was tipped over $100 dollars today ! awesomeness ! 
i must say zumba is amazing .... i think it is my new way of working out ! i had fun and it kicked my butt ! a bunch of my favorite styles of dancing mixed in one hour fun and hard work out . very sore ... going back to gym tonightt and off the next two days . how amazing is that ? 
just booked hotel room for november :) I can't wait for time away . just counting down the days until then 
R . I . P mom i think about you always ! i miss you more everyday 
laying in bed after knee surgery went well today . doing ok in a pretty fair amout of pain . thank you to my husband and sister and < PROPFEMALE > for checking up on me and giving me lots of support . love you guys ! see some of you when i get back to work on thursday ! 
hotel room for novembet- check .... new luggage purchased- check .... changed name on passport- check ... cruise paid off- double check ... mexico here i come ! 
feeling and looking good after getting my hair done with < PROPFEMALE > ! loving the darker look ! 
Can't wait for the next few weeks to go by ... seeing knee dr to see how I have healed ... pool day after that and then a long week of work before our time off for our first wedding anniversary .... How time has gone by , I have never been happier ! July 18th hurry and get here please ! 
so stupid question of the day : woman : are you closed ? me : yes . woman : for how long ? me : we are closed we close at 6 . 
i hope the next week goes by so fast . i can't wait to have a four day weekend and to enjoy our one year anniversary . only a short while to actual vacation after that ! 
Every now and then i fall apart and i need you now tonight and need you more than ever and if you only hold me tight we'll be holding on forever . ah not like a glee marathon to brighten up my day :) 4 more days of work left this week , then 4 days off to spend a weekend with < PROPMALE > for our anniversary ! 
it is finally friday ! this weekend is here at last ! plans to spend the weekend with my love for our anniversay and maybe < PROPFEMALE > out with some friends . how a year has flown by so fast . wow ! soon after this my other vacay will be here :) oh so thankful 
starting weekend off right with a night of partying ! great start to the weekend for our < PROPFEMALE > . well worth working 6 days straight ! 
happy 1 yr anniversary to my love ! Romantic dinner tonight at Fiamma then maybe some more fun out . :) 
dinner at fiamma was simply amazing ! delicious dinner and an excellent tiramisu and moscado after dinner with a message from staff wishing us a happy anniversary . last night to party it up ! sooooooooooooo excited ! 
so after the long day i am enjoying a glass or maybe two of barefoot moscato and relax just a bit before going back to work tomorrow early morning 
i was just reading the updates from comic-con for glee and i am sooo excited ! they are possibly going to touch on a little rhps ... kinda crazy and made me giggle a little bit . so excited for all the new episodes in sept !!!! 
i really can't believe it has been 12 years you have been gone ... i wonder what life would have been if you were here 
looking forward to this weekend with my sis ! oh btw retro bakery you have made my day ! 
think i need to have a marathon of things i watched the most growning up topping the list saved by the < PROPFEMALE > , beavis and butt-head , and < PROPFEMALE > . been so long since i have sat and watch them and had a chill day like that , especially watching my Mark-Paul . wow i think childhood crushes will never die 
so ready for tomorrow to sit and chill . tanning , bbqing , and hanging with friends .... soooooo excited ! 97 more days ! 
really wants spring awakening obc soundtack . < PROPMALE > Groff and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > singing .... amazing ! Oh and don't forget < PROPFIRST > Gallagher Jr. ! 
watching deadly women , snapped , american justice , notorious , and city confidential really makes me want to get a psychology degree . I think it would be the best thing I could do . I enjoy that so much and how great it would be to have a job like that ! 
seriously has been a long day ! 4 and a half hrs at dentist(sooo not fun ! ) more meds and starting to feel like crap . I just want to relax . what a waste of a day off . 
have been on the phone a half an hour to change my name for jury duty ! LAME 
have been trying out many drink recipes at home to maybe perfect the most amazing drink to hopefully win master drink master for vacation ! we can only hope 
so i was once in 12 angry juror , i finally finished my duty as juror number 10 for the < PROPMALE > county justice system . I can't wait to go back to work 
the next 70 days need to go by extremely fast ! 
dear migraine please go away . ok pretty please . 
ok what it is power outage in las vegas day ? first at work then on and off for like 2 hrs at my apartment wtf ??? 
5 more days and an all new season for glee !!!!! I am < PROPFEMALE > excited ! Also excited for the halloween episode ! 
work was sooo not fun today ... enough said . 
Had too much fun laughing all day with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > at work . I hope more laughs tomorrow . Gonna laugh till we cry ! 
Work was fun . < PROPFEMALE > helped get the pic people kicked out of our store . We still laughed at the ghettoness that is the picture people . Well as < PROPFEMALE > puts it \We took out the trash . \ " lol thats what you get when you screw with the alby peeps " 
this weekend is my baby's birthday :) Can't wait for that and only 5 more weeks until vaca ! yippie ! 
seriously , today was like the longest day of my life . Also just irritated when will it end ? 
dear zinc and dayquil please start working . I can't afford to miss work at all ! 
did i ever mention i truely hate being sick ? i feel so miserable but still gotta keep going til sat ... bleh . 
seriously has the best husband ! after a ok day at work yesterday come home to find out that our room on the cruise got changed to a better room and some on board credit ! How excited am I ! Love it ! 
still been sick .. when is it getting better ? oh well all I need is R&R all weekend . The next feew weeks need to fly by ! 
It is amazing how the song \Pennies from Heaven\ " used to bring a smile to my face when < PROPFIRST > to me by my father but now brings tears to my eyes when I hear it . " 
finally feeling better . Beyond ready for November 11th to be here . So much to do before then , get hair done , nails done , get some newer clothes , pick up some little stuff I need and in the last week or so finally start my packing . Ready to have a real vacation with nothing to do but < PROPFEMALE > by the pool or on the beach with a drink in my hand with some of my favorite people . What a better way to spend my 23rd birthday ! 
next week is going to be epic ! Only to be out done by the following week when going away ! I can only imagine what will happen , I am sure tons of pics will be taken . 
enjoying a Boardwalk Empire marathon on hbo before going out shopping . I love this show ... so addicting . 
today was a good day ! Went shopping for vacation and got a lot done ! Excited for halloween at work tomorrow . 
feels so tired ! I can't wait until tomorrow though .... almost time to get everything together ! 
off tomorrow , getting hair done then going to run errands . Will surprise some people with what I am doing with my hair but I am really excited . Ah I have waiting for next week to come for almost 9 mos now . Please hurry and get here ! 
Watching < PROPFEMALE > and the angry inch before going out today . Between Bully , < PROPFEMALE > , and Boardwalk Emipre I & hearts ; < PROPFIRST > Pitt 
dyed my hair today and ran errands today , feels like been running forever . 
Mostly packed , have few things left to do before going away . Can't wait to go get my nails done with my big sis in a few days . Ah so excited ! 
getting nails done tomorrow with my big sis ! Ready to have a great birthday and time relaxing 
Love my hubby and friends ! Going to have a great time away and will miss people while I am away ... sorry I can't shove you all in my luggage . 
Just home from vacation ... a little sad it is over but happy to be home . will post pics when i get all unpacked in the next few days . A huge thank you to everyone for the birthday wishes it was wonderful to come home to ! I love you all ! 
11.26.10 & hearts ; you will be together forever . 
really hurt and upset . 
A person has 1000 wishes . A Soldier only has one , to come home safe . I \ 
know 97% of you won't post this as your status , but the 3% that do are \ 
my friends . In honor of someone that died or is fighting for your \ 
freedom .. Please repost 
saw Burlesque with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > Hawkins ! loved it just ordered the soundtrack :) 
\toys just don't do that\ " lol " 
\this is < PROPFEMALE > my maid\ " rip < PROPFIRST > <3 you ....... thank you and lots of love to my santy/pennick family . I love you " 
off next few days .... cleaning and hopefully kicking back a little before next week . 
just got home from hanging with my sis . went to see The Cosmopolitain . Nice and pretty , love their layout . 
with the new year just a day away i have just some thoughts of people in my head . You know I miss you soooo much . I love you 
really tired ! ..... why can they not come fix my dryer today ? wtf ! 
yay dryer is fixed ! i can finally just relax ... until work tomorrow :) 
R . I . P < PROPFEMALE > , you will be missed 
excited for february and march ! look forward spending time with my amazing hubby and some fam 
seriously can't wait until thursday , but until then work , work , work ! 
had a great date night out with my hubby at < PROPFEMALE > garden ! i love him so much . On to tomorrow for a great day out with the girls :) can't wait ! 
had a blast with my girls today ! way to much fun . i miss days like this :) 
listening to phantom of the opera . after hearing a bit yesterday after leaving madame tussauds i needed a fix . < PROPMALE > Butler makes me melt ... i love hearing him sing :) 
\glee club is fun ... swaying in background can be fun . \ " i <3 glee " 
have had massive headache ... please go away 
beyond ready for < PROPFIRST>'s day weekend with my baby ! Then a month after that on my way to Texas and OK to see family ... I really can't wait , i miss them a lot . 
grilling and having some drinks with my love ! 
i <3 < PROPFEMALE > Midler ... amazing woman 
days like these really miss my mom . miss her so much 
considering going to the 9:15 am zumba class at lvac ... been really wanting to get back into it . 
can't wait for next weekend ! going to have a wonderful < PROPFIRST>'s weekend with the love of my life :D 
\I was totally gonna donate my chevy to < PROPFEMALE > .... < PROPFEMALE > is my cat she totaled her suv last weekend\ " lol < PROPFEMALE > is amazing ! " 
got an even better room for this weekend ! Upgraded to a suite for the three days ... i can't wait for the wonderful weekend 
If you have a Best Friend who has made you laugh .. Stuck up for you .. Drove you crazy .. Watched you succeed .. Saw you fall . Picked you back up .. Cheered you on .. Had your back , ready to fight the person who pissed you off or made you mad .. and all these things made your friendship stronger , and you don't know what you'd do without their friendship .. Paste this to your status . and see if they know who they are .... 
seriously today has felt like the longest day ever ! weds please hurry and arrive ! 
ah 17 days until texas , i really can't wait ! 
\But it is alcohol awarness week\ " \ 
i have the best husband ever :) 
ugh i really feel like i need a cut and color ... hmm 
spent the day seeing two of my fave ladies < PROPFEMALE > Hawkins and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > love them ! 
dear migraine , \ 
please go away . you have been really good at staying away , so please continue to do so . 
is it next friday yet ? 
holy cow .... the movie Brothers is freaking intense . 
running errands today , maybe go get a haircut then an oil change . will see where the day takes me 
feels very accomplished today :) Did everything planed and was even able to have lunch with my love on his break . Now lets just get through the next weeks and I will be a very happy camper ! 
just got home from work ... 3 days down , 4 to go . I can make it ! 
should really be packing for this week , instead watching < PROPFIRST > Iglesias . I need to start being productive . 
