I don't feel well :( 

I'm feelin better ... got the sniffles , but at least I don't have swine flu lol :) my life is reading and eating ...... how dull :P 
omg ... comp proposal due on monday .... I am sooo dead ( insert dieing noise here ) 
Don't you hate that feeling like you are forgetting something really important ... that is my life lol .... at least im trying to get better ;) 
Oh man .... who else feels like we didn't really win that game ..... I mean I know we won , but it doesn't FEEL like we did .... 
YAY !!!! My senior comp proposal was approved !!! I am so happy :) Now for the hard work :P 
I feel like my life is being wrapped up in this Twilight series craziness ... I am freaking out because Midnight Sun isn't finished and I NEED it to be !!! 
Do you ever feel like your life is just going on without u ... making you feel like you have very little to do with what decisions are made or not made ? I feel like that now ... 
On my way to Kats house for New Years :) 
Excited for this new year ... Hopefully it's better than the last :) * fingers crossed * 
Going to < PROPFIRST > and bills :) 
Fights aren't fun , but making up is ;) 
Oh man back in the routine ... :P can't wait for the weekend ... even though I have to do work all weekend ... f-ing comps .... only going out one day this weekend ... idk which one ... any suggestions ? 
Isn't it amazing how you can hear a song a million times and forget why you liked it at all ... then one day , randomly you hear it again and realize what you've been missing :) That happened to me just now with The Bravery's Split Me Wide Open 
Sometimes you forget how much the people in your life mean to you ... tell someone what they mean to you today :) 
I hate comps .... and i hate teachers who make you feel like shit ... not mentioning any names ... but you know who they are :P 
OH SNAP .... that is all .... 
Dress sites should tell you that you need to resend you your measurements before you waste a week waiting for it to come :P 
Hey everyone I lost my phone so if u txted me sorry I didn't get back to u ... I should have a new one by next week 
is in Sicklerville , NJ ... lame lol jk i like spending time with my family ... going to Brick on the 13th ! excited for my grad party on the 27th ! 
When did life get so complicated ? I feel like it was around 18 ... finding yourself is a b ! %ch 
Ugh DRAMA 
Gas for driving to TN from NJ - $200 , < PROPFEMALE > Meade Plantation admission - $16 , Getting Kat to develop a southern accent .... PRICELESS 
TRUEBLOOD !!!!! I know I'm a weirdo ... I just love it ;) 
LOL I'm watching Suite Life on Deck .... who knew some one could come up with a children's show more corny than < PROPMALE > .... Thank you Disney Channel ! 
You are only as strong as you think you are ... 
Life ... it's happening so you better not miss it ;) 
TRUEBLOOD ! 
Life is a funny thing ... enough said ... 
Just had my first interview :) I think it went pretty well !!! 
Charleston is such a cool city . Definitely a note on the bucket list . ;) 
I am so pissed I have to wait two weeks for trueblood :P booo 
Today is the most beautiful day I have ever seen outside ... I can feel autumn coming :) my favorite 
Losing love is like losing your toe ... you still try to walk , but it's never quite the same . 
We are all inventors , each sailing out on a voyage of discovery , guided each by a private chart , of which there is no duplicate . The world is all gates , all opportunities . \ 
- < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
Go < PROPFEMALE > ! Beat Spartans ! 
Meet Pause is AWESOME !!!! 
Ugh ... not feeling so hot today ... not only because ND lost to < PROPMALE > , but because my throat is on fir and my nose won't stop dripping :P 
Just found a bug on me :P ew .... i wasn't even outside !! 
First day of work in 35 minutes ! yay !! 
Last night was very ... interesting hahaha 
I know I can't take a four year old seriously , but when they aren't nice to me it hurts lol 
Hmmmm i think another word for racket is about to go down ;) 
Cleaning up your act is a lot more than just cleaning up ... but it's a start 
Yes my profile pic is of me in an ice blue Mustang convertible on the seaside boardwalk lol 
I love picking pumpkins !!! 
Headliner !!!! < PROPFEMALE > Jupiter is n her way !... 
Meet me at Aztec in Seaside .... KILL THE STOCK .... thank the bennies for allowing them to buy too much alcohol lol 
live ya life 
BIRTHDAY !!!! yaya coming in 10 days ... sooo excited ! ;) 
Birthdays are my favorite .... it should be a national holiday ! I mean I love that I was born , don't you ? haha jk 
Going to see Tangled !!! Whose excited to live like its 1993 ! haha jk 
Christmas is coming !!!! 
Not feeling so hot ... at all ... 
Please pray for my dad ... he is going in for emergency surgery tomorrow and we need the support ... thanks 
Hey dads ok :) thanks for your prayers everyone !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ! I am just chilling out and eating today haha my favorite ! 
Work canceled today !!! yay ... debating whether or not i want to start a snowball fight with someone .... perhaps after I build a snow fort ... off to cause some havoc 
I made a snow slide and an igloo today ! So awesome ... only bad part about snow is that it makes my house really cold !!! My feet are freezing !!! 
Just got my new iPhone 4 !!! So excited ... I will text all the people whose < PROPFIRST > I have tomorrow :) 
Sick ... AGAIN ! :/ 
I think I have strep throat ... Woke up too late to go today ... Oh well ... Don't try to see me cause you will catch the black death 
Everybody pray for < PROPFEMALE > , my stepmom ... She is recovering from surgery and I love her so much I just want her healthy again :) 
Shoe shopping at the outlets and < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE>'s for linner ... With the bff ... Best day ever ;) 
Conversation between one of the kids and I at school \ 
James : Ms. < PROPFEMALE > , I'm gonna miss you\ 
Me : I'll miss you too sweetie\ 
James : But you'll always be in my heart \ 
Lol in case you were wondering what the cutest sentence a four year old can say ... That's it :) 
TGIF ! Lol loving my weekends ;) 
Fingers crossed ... I just got a call from a recruiter today and I have an interview Friday !! SO EXCITED :D 
My back is knotted up like a pretzel ... arghh !! 
Good times at the St. Patricks Day parade and festivities ... Pasadena rocks my life ! 
Lol so many glasses of water in my room ... I feel like the girl from signs ... At least if aliens attack I'll be ready ;) 
... :/ I just saw a pigeon with one foot ... Saddest thing ever ... At least someone left him a piece of cracker on the ground ... 
Keep your < PROPFEMALE > up kid ! 
Omg I need a massage right now my whole neck and back are killing me :( ... Any takers 
The fast food garbage monster on the floor of Kats front seat almost ate my foot off last night ... Beware if you are going to get a ride from her ... Its beginning to consume the seat itself ! 
Screw California\ 
And friends that are never there\ 
And places that they oughta\ 
Pretend that they even care\ 
- Rogue Wave\ 
... Explains my experience with that place pretty well 
Why do I love the show Shameless ? Because it makes me feel better about my life in sooo many ways :) 
Can't sleep !! Ugh F 8 o'clock tiredness and it's ability to make me pass out on the couch ! 
It's alright , just wait and see your\ 
string of lights are still bright to me , oh\ 
who you are is not where you've been\ 
you're still an innocent 
Why do I never remember to take pictures when I'm out ... Very upsetting when I get home and have nothing to remember the night with #fail 
