Hum ho nothing ! 

is pissed . If white trash ho's would just keep their legs closed , then my kid and I wouldn't have to deal with the products of their loins . 
Although the books he'd been consulting all said that booze was a vastly overrated cure for sleeplessness - that it often made the problem worse instead of better , in fact - < PROPMALE > had tried it just the same . 
' s kid got bit in the face by a dog , and it has been a nightmare ! 
hopes she can find a babysitter for a couple weeks from now ! 
Woo hoo ! ( Am I the only ABC network's TGIF dork that is reminded of < PROPFEMALE > the Teenage Witch every time someone says that ? ) 
is home , for today anyway . Leaving again tomorrow ! Camping was fun until it rained !! 
Aw , that sucks . I'm all out of pizza rolls . 
wishes she still had a home phone to make all these blasted calls with . 
Is anyone else having some interesting things happen on this home < PROPFEMALE > ? Like , one minute I log in and there are all sorts of new updates from people , then if I come back later , they've disappeared and the < PROPFEMALE > has gone back in time to like yesterday , or even the day before . My brain wonders why ... 
I wish it was October . No reason really , other than the picture on my calendar for October is nice to look at . 
I didn't realize how cool I was until I started laughing really high-pitched while shooting < PROPFEMALE > coke out my nose . 
Getting fatter by the second . 
How did we meet ? Everyone play the game ! Copy and paste this phrase on your profile , you will find it amusing to see how you met and know each of your friends !!! 
Hmmm cake . Sugar sugar yum yum . 
My mommy is coming tomorrow :D 
I never did get that pony 
If anyone wants to watch me tweet , I can be found on twitter . Name's RoxyPickle . Would be nice to have followers I actually know :D 
< PROPFEMALE > the Pooh DVD , you are such an effective babysitter . I'm the best Mom in the world . 
* Ahem * 
I call bulls**t 
There's always so much cleaning to do ! 
Disappointed in modern film-making . And sausage . 
It makes my scalp all tingly . 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status .. Then put the first entry for your name under comments . 
Toy Story looks amazing on BluRay . 
My Pure Romance Party is Saturday . Who's coming ? 
Registered for my last three classes , woo ! 
I don't understand ... Earth has been here every day . Earth was here before we were here to designate a day for it . Is that like slowing down when you see a cop to avoid a speeding ticket ? 
I think I have a Wii so I can check the weather at a glance on my TV . 
I am hungry . 
Sleep is what's for dinner . 
Can't read my , can't read my , no you can't read my Poker Face . 
Is it Friday yet ? 
I just got fresh cut grass sprayed in my face from a guy mowing the lawn across the street . Yay hives ! 
I wouldn't have nothin ' if I didn't have you 
Rain , rain ... I would tell you to go away , but I kinda like you being here . 
Ok , so there are people getting arrested on my porch . People I don't even know . I love this neighborhood . 
Why does going to bed early always backfire ? 
My tummy hurts :( 
Tired and in a considerable amount of pain . I apologize to anyone I have or will take this out on ! 
Actually kind of enjoying the rain . . . Gives me an excuse to do nothing with my hair ! 
Gurgle gurgle ROOOOOAARRRRR gurgle bloob bloop gurgle ROAR !! 
Too much sun for these buns ! 
* nom nom nom nom * 
I think I'm gonna delete my myspace . It's just sentimental at this point I think . Anyone got a good reason not to ? 
My computer has a remote but it never controls anything to do with my computer ; however , I did just find out that it controls my xbox . 
I wish I was a dog so that I would have a tail to wag to let you know how happy I am to see you . 
Officially not on myspace anymore 
Alright well , since I don't have Myspace anymore , I reckon I should do some work on my facebook . Brace yourselves , I apologize ahead of time for the flood coming your way --- unless I lose ambition , in which case I apologize for being a liar . 
What a blah day this has turned out to be , and now my chest hurts . 
You know , enchiladas weren't such a great idea after all . 
< PROPFEMALE > is what , like 4 ? Why do her parents let her go exploring by herself , or worse , with a monkey that wears rain boots ? 
Finally , a Holiday I can get behind ... Happy Summer Solstice everyone ! 
This is not the greatest song in the world ... this is just a Tribute . 
Why are my periods always early and my busses always late ? 
SISTER\ 
WEEK ! If you have a sister who has ever made you laugh , wiped away your\ 
tears , hugged you tight , watched you succeed , seen you fail , cheered \ 
you on , and kept you strong , copy and paste this on your status !! ? 
Some days are all suck . 
Going to bed when there's still daylight ? 
Headed to Croswell tomorrow morning ! 
Home ! ... and ready to face plant in my own bed ! 
I wish it was nap time . 
Software deficient ! 
Taking advantage of extra credit in a class you already have 100% in may seem silly , but I did it anyway . 
Incompetent fools ! 
Eating < PROPMALE > ' n cheese made me feel so gross ! 
So , I finished a big project . Shouldn't I be able to sleep now ? 
I watch lame TV . 
You look so fine that I really wanna make you mine ! 
Tut tut , it smells like Earthworms ! 
I was just told I < PROPFEMALE > in the sunshine . Uh oh , they're on to me ... 
Dear < PROPFEMALE > Gonzalez , \ 
I don't know if there's a Heaven or a Hell , but wherever you've gone to I hope this note finds you well . \ 
My heart aches for your children and your family and friends , but may time heal all wounds and bring them peace again . \ 
Rest in peace and you will be missed . 
I want to buy some books , please . 
So who wants some damn yummy cookies ? 
Break-taking = Motivation killer * sigh * ... Back to work ! 
You spin me right ' round , baby , right ' round . 
\There once was an entomologist who found a bug he couldn't classify - so he stepped on it . \ " ( E.R. Hilgard ) " 
Oh man , it's Monday ! 
Well , going to the bank was a fail . Guess it's time to make some dinner ! 
I've come to the conclusion that facebook is depressing . 
Dear Mosquitoes , \ 
Please stop biting me on the ass . \ 
Thanks , \ 
< PROPFEMALE > 
Random observation : Being fat is hard on shoes . 
I have happy boobs ^.^ 
I just saw the biggest guy riding the smallest ( purple ) bike . Ah , college town , I love you so . 
If you don't change direction , you'll end up where you're heading . 
Is it sad that I * really * like the music in The Backyardigans ? The plots may be weak , the dialogue corny , but man those kids can sing ! 
Craving a cheeseburger ... 
Loving this weather ! 
I'm thinking today calls for some chili . 
Hey , Sleep ! Remember me ? We used to be such good friends ! Why do you tease me so ? 
Well , the pool's draining . Guess that means this weather is sticking around ( yay) ! 
My kid's eating like I've never fed him before . Three dinners later , he wants a snack . 
Oh Rockband , how I've missed you ! 
I love kindergarten 
You know , I'm just tired , and that makes me tired of being tired ... it's a vicious cycle . 
It's a rather blustery day ! 
On a date with Mr. Clean ... Don't tell my Boyfriend ! ^_^ 
I had the intent of taking a nap . I laid in my bed and did everything right except one thing ... I brought my phone . Damn you , Facebook ! 
I like it on the stairs 
I'm so glad I found my Ace of Base CD ^-^ 
The guy sitting next to me on the bus takes creepy old people to a whole new level ! 
Here's to hoping that homework will seem more appealing than sleep tonight , because it hasn't the past few .... 
Totally just conducted an in-person conversation as though I was on the phone ! 
What is it about me that small children find so fascinating ? 
Finally , after 25 years , I like my hair . 
Soda is the devil 
Post this to your status and see what people say ; I Love your _________ . 
I always forget how terrible pumpkin smells when it's cooking until I'm elbow-deep in the process of cooking it . 
I seriously need to stop injuring myself all the time . 
You don't even know how much my foot hurts right now :( 
Omg Charter , get your shit together ! 
I'm so over writing papers all the time . If only my instructors could get over it , too . 
Our Christmas tree is lit up like Vegas , just how I like it :D 
* sigh * Trying to fight the butter-buying compulsion , and failing . Running out of places to put all that butter ... 
So , I don't get my financial aid to buy books until next week , but I'm expected to read the first four chapters now . Dilemma , dilemma . 
Feeling a little bit like Swiss cheese 
It should be against the law to have to get up before 8 a.m. 
Finished my homework for last week this morning . * Sigh of Relief * ... But wait ! Just logged into my classes , and I have twice as much to do this week ! So excited ! 
