happy new years 

maybe goin to caitys aunts house ? 
in colorado 
just got home 
glad its friday 
homecoming shoe shoppin fridayyy 
gonna go paint in a few , kinda tired 
pep ralley tonight , not likin thee rain 
crashed the < PROPFEMALE > thursday 
5 days till the fat man comes down the chimney =] 
snooze button = my best friend haha 
Twenty-eight Dayss .... 
cant wait for spring breakkk 
tonight should be goodd 
todays been pretty greatt =} 
school , ick 
snow =[ 
why yess , yess that is my bookmark . must of fallen out of my purse . hahaha 
whatta day fer thee top down =] 
and aren't you lookin fresh in that white T hahaha 
should be a good weekend 
happy mothers day ! 
gotta love flipflop tan lines 
brothers graduation tonightt 
dells tomorrow =] 
why isn't 11 pronounced \onety one \"?" 
baseball game then water parkk 
six flags water park wednesdayyy 
ouchh sunburnn 
for my 100th birthday i want a heartattack 
yes i pointed at you , now stop stairing at me in your rearview mirror 
letss see , drivin down the road , ac goes out ... just stops . so hot outside . go to roll down the windows . and guess what ... they refuse to open . get home , sweating like no other , and the key refuses to come out of the ignition . i think my car hates me 
giant marshmellows make huge s'mores ... yumm 
home alonee 
Can I have your number ? I seem to have lost mine 
pool , then < PROPFEMALE > , then keris commin overrr :)) 
I love < PROPFEMALE > with alll of my heartttt <3 ;) She be my best friendddd :D hahahaaaaa . 
doughnuts , gotta love em , with kerii 
with thee sister hahaha 
Happiness is like peeing in your pants . Everyone can see it but only you can feel its warmth :)) 
dentist appointment , ickkk 
roadranger slushies make my day :) 
do you have a mirror in your pants ? cause i can deffinately see myself in ' em :)) 
you dont get another < PROPMALE > , life isnt a nintendo game 
cant waitt for tuesday :) 
goin swimmingg , tomorrow should be good 
1 - Expos , Welle : 2 - AlgerbraII , Webb : 3 - Weight Training , Kissack : 4/5 - American History , Schneider : 6 - lunch : 7/10 - Cosmotology 
got the licensee :) 
< PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > comin over tonight , should be good :) 
so much for that idea 
game tonighttt 
goin to thee waterfront tonightt , should be good 
why dont they frost the whole poptart , nobody likes the crusts 
expos paper due tomorrow , should prolly get started 
off to babysitttt 
Going to mcdonalds for a salad is like going to a whore for a hug 
tomorrow should be good :) 
ive spent the whole day thinking that it was friday , only to discover about a good five minutes ago it was still thursday . total downer on my night 
stayin home for now , parade , pepralley and powderpuff later 
I wonder if British people love our accents as much as we love theirs 
locked my keys in the car again ? i think so 
goin to bed , feel like shit\ 
gotta love random pple IMing you haha 
game tonightt 
should prolly get on that ... 
its funny how day to day it seems like nothing changes , but when you look back everything is different 
halloween was greatt :) 
Awww , burrito :( 
paranormal activity2 tonightt :) 
back to bedd 
in thee hospital waiting for baby < PROPFEMALE > :) 
ugh 7more pages to write for this dumb paper 
school tomorrow , feels like i havent been there in ages 
fuck snow 
you need to put these shits where I's can see em 
chicken nuggets would be great right about now 
hot wings tonighttt :) 
just got back from the mall , dekalb tonight ?? 
Thank god i have a great best friend like < PROPFEMALE > Glavac 
tonight shoud be a good un :] 
Thank you to the person that kicked a hugeass dent on the side of my car in the tacobell parking lot yesterday , its great . 
Reese's King-size minis ... it makes more sense when you don't think about it 
Letting go has never been easy , but holding on can be just as difficult 
sledding tonight , should be a good one 
car gets new headlights tomorrow :] 
autozone sucks my < PROPMALE > 
you pretend its just hello , but you know what it does to me to see your number on my phone 
i do believe that my bed is calling my name 
\a fry left behind is a fry wasted \"" 
stayin homee , netflix movie day 
mmmmm burgerss 
today should be goodd 
cookies for breakfast , yumm 
new phoneee 
19 dayss , cant wait 
brokenn car :( 
ha , the fedex guy just made my day 
taco pizza <3 
Thanks for all the happy birthdays :) 
Whatta nightt :) 
Haha fedex deffinately just gave me his number at the gas station 
Boys are like purses . Cute , full of shit , and replacable 
Sad day , woke up to discover my fish died :( 
gooddayy , cleaned out the car and found 5bucks :) 
When science finally locates the center of the universe some people will be surprised to learn they're not it 
Promm (: 
Sometimes I wish I could go back to when I was six and my biggest worry was whether or not I had enough legos to build a fort 
47% of all statistcs are worthless 
Going back to bedd 
I need to find my pants . A way out of here . And a cheeseburger . 
