2:50 in the morn and still doing this bio project ... Cant wait for school to be over so I can put all these worries n stress behind me until the next school year . 

Wondering why I spent ova six hours sittin in a gym today . 
I can't believe that the < PROPMALE > of Pop is dead . It hasn't hit me yet . It jus hasn't hit me yet . 
Happy B-Day to the best Big Bro I have ! Wow , ur gettin old there < PROPFIRST > , lol :D 
Has finally been hit with the fact that < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is really dead . I didn't wanna believe it before and just couldn't . Now , after seeing that great tribute they did for him on the BET Awards , it sunk in-deep-I even cried . He really is gone . My condol 
My brother's snoring is driving me crazy ! :( 
Jus bought a whole bunch of stuff from the flea market ! 
Jus finished watching < PROPMALE > and the Chipmunks : The Squeakquel's latest trailer . It was so cute ! :) Has been reading to get vision back .... Not going well . 
My big sis is so obsessed with herself . 
Church :) 
Has just realized how much I love God and how blessed I am . 
The Disney Classics were some of the best films ever created . :) 
God is a Good God 
Can't get this tragegic event with Haiti off my mind . Will donate all I can to help my fellow brother and sisters . Pray for those who lost loved ones , and pray that the lost lives have found peace . 
Just saw the movie Avatar and I am so hyped up right now ! Best movie of 09/10 so far ! :D 
I can't believe I'm really 16 ! I really don't feel any different but I am so grateful to all the love I'm getting ! Thanx to all who wished me a Happy B-Day and I love you all ! :D 
< PROPMALE > the Big Red Dog 
Has realized just how good God really is . God is a great God and there truly is none other like him . 
Is trying 2 figure out how 2 relax 
Just finished making the best big sister of all time the best birthday present of all time ! Happy B-Day < PROPFEMALE > ! Love you unconditionally ! 
Is watching 1953 < PROPMALE > Caesar film for better \ 
comprehension of the play . 
Is cooking a meal for my family 
My family and I have just finished eating the fabulous meal I cooked for them and now I am going to finish my homework . And again , I wish all mothers around the world a very Happy Mother's Day ! :) 
Wants school to hurry up and be over 
Finds that I'm getting stronger and stronger with each passing day 
On my way 2 my big sis ' graduation @ UMD . I'm proud of u < PROPFEMALE > ! 
And now pt 2 of my big sister's graduation concludes w/ a celebration dinner @ < PROPFEMALE > Garden . Again , I'm proud of u sis . Wishing that u get the very best out of life-b/c u deserve it . 
Lord , please help me to \ 
put my mind at ease . Give me the strength to fight and win this battle . 
Is still the undefeated Super Smash Bros Brawl Champion ! I am the < PROPFEMALE > of the Nintendo Super Smash Bros series ! No challenger can defeat me ! < PROPFIRST > ain't got nothing on me and my team !!!!!!!!!! 
Now has a new favorite anime ... Naruto !!!!!!!!!! Ladies and Gentlemen , I have an addiction !!!!!!!!!!! And I'm proud of it !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
My Dad is driving me crazy !!!!!!!!!!!!! If he doesn't stop screaming at this game I swear .... I'm not gonna watch this anymore if he keeps this up . He can cheer for Portugal but he does not have to yell at the screen like it can understand a single word he's saying . 
I don't care what anyone says ! Naruto is the best anime ever ! Believe it ! 
It's been one year since the < PROPMALE > of Pop passed away . May he continue to rest in peace . \ 
\ 
RIP MJ 
If they don't stop creating these alien-like pokemon charcters for Pkmn Bk/Wt , I'm going to disown the whole franchise all together ! Seriously ! This is ridiculous ! 
Just finished talking with my bff and I cannot stop laughing !! 
On my way 2 see Toy Story 3 
Finally enrolled in a SAT Prep class ... Whew ... Lord have mercy ... 
Today ... was a loooooooooooooong day ...... 
Am actually enjoying my SAT Prep class . It's fun .... Getting ready 4 my big fam reunion now . 
Am REALLY enjoying my SAT class ! Who kndw learning really could be fun ? Man I'm loving this 
Trying not to even think about school . Trying to enjoy what little bit of my vaca I have left . Summer was too short for my liking . 
This SAT class used to be fun . Now it's just giving me a really bad headache ... 
Going to the school to have my schedule fixed today cuz it is seriously screwed up ! 
I hate it when you have a good day and then something ruins it all :( 
Lord , you said to call on you and you will answer my prayer . I know you would never forsake me . So please , open up my ears and my heart and let me hear your voice in my time of need 
Am married to Naruto Uzumaki !!!!!! So happy !!!!!!!!!!!!! ^_^ 
Just saw < PROPMALE > of Egypt for what must've been the hundredth time and it is still my all time fave ! :) 
1st day int the A&F Store was pretty hectic . It was fun , but I gotta say , I now have profound respect for the ppl working at fast food joints , lol 
Popped BOTH my knees during CC10 rehearsal .... :( But I refuse to succumb to this ! Not this year , not this time ! I'm gonna be is this play ! 
Am loving Monster Galaxy ! It's like another pokemon world but with fiercer better-looking creatures and more battling ! I gotta soft spot for RPGs and this one's no different ! ** Sigh ** I think I found a new love ... This should keep me a while :) 
Enjoying my favorite movie of 2006-Happy Feet :) ** Ah those were the days ... 
And tonight , CC10 draws to a close ... sigh ... Even though it was strenuous , the many lives that were saved in the process made all the exhausting dances well worth performing . Gonna miss my church family and performing on stage with ' em , and especially gonna miss perform Victory and Revelation , but , alas , we must move on . Back to the real world for now ... sigh ... Wish I could do just one more show , though :( 
When you see how horrible cartoons have gotten nowadays it makes you realize just how good you had it growing up . Going to Youtube for the Animaniacs . Now that was the show back in the day . Gonna watch all my favorite animaniac characters just as I had when I was 3 .... Pinky and the Brain ... Buttons and Mindy ... Slappy & Skippy Squirrel ... & of course , the incomparable renowned trio ... The Warners-Yakko , Wakko , and < PROPFEMALE > 
I knew that baby wasn't Derwin's! Still mad < PROPFEMALE > got the boy tested , though 
Am sooooo tired of stressing over school .... If I don't get that GPA back up to the 4.0 it's supposed to be , I'm done 
I never connected with a movie as much as i connected with The Breakfast Club ... It is now one of my top 3 favorite movies 
Just beat my fam @ Hoopla ! Yah ! Awesome B-Day so far ! :D 
