This weekend .... home improvement . Painting , painting ... getting rid of crap and clutter ...... more painting . Woo hoo ! 

No word from smart car .... STILL ! This is a sign . I test drove a beetle the other day . 5 cylinders , really ? It drove great , don't get me wrong , but why not do 6 ? The Mustang is winning . :) Woohoo ! 
Moving day is Sun . 6-28-09 . Dooms Day ? After moving 14 times in 13 years , I may lose my mind ! I did say that if I moved again , it would be with my hubby , which will be the case in about 10 mos . :) 
And another thing ... what was up with all the deaths yesterday ? < PROPFEMALE > Fawcett , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > Goldblum , < PROPMALE > McMahon ( Actually , Monday , for him 6-23) ? I worked with < PROPMALE > . He was a very nice man , and kept himself very busy for an 86 yr . old guy . 
It's MINE !! MINE , MINE , MINE !!!! The most ridiculous car , ever is sitting in my driveway . < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > eeeeeeeeee ! 
Still need a wedding dress . 
The Miata has recovered and goes to a new home tomorrow . ;) 
I keep hearing a South Park movie song in my head . Blame Canada ! 
Canada was beautiful . I was astounded at how cheerful and nice everyone was who worked at the airport . Personally , I am a zombie at 5 am . 
Back into work-out mode and I feel great ! Acupuncture and herbs are helping my tummy feel better . Life is beautiful . 
I am always impressed when people are so passionate about their work that they can work into their 80's and 90's . 
Watching the murder channel 
No one should die because they cannot afford health care , and no one should go broke because they get sick . If you agree , please post this as your status for the rest of the day . 
wants to be a kid again . 
Looking forward to creating monsters . I love October !!! 
Is tempted to take an ice pick to my skull . Nothing like a permanent solution to a temporary problem . ;) 
On the 5-S PARKING LOT !!! What should be a 30 < PROPFEMALE > drive , takes an hour and a half !!!! UUUUUURRRRRRRR !! 
It's pretty gloomy outside . Wish I could just lay in bed watching movies all day . 
Preparing for a ridiculously busy few weeks . 
Counting the days till I can get sleep and have a life again . 
Woo hoo ! I get to have a life now .......... 
More than half way done painting the kitchen . Christmas shopping done . Puerto Vallarta tomorrow ! Woo hoo !!! 
is chronically tired . 
HAH ! I found it !!!!! THE dress ! THEEEEEEEEE dress !!! Woo hoo ! 
It's COLD out there !!!! Ugh ! 
Flaky people make me wonder ....... 
Yay ! Found my shoes for the wedding !! 
1st day back to the gym in almost 3 weeks . Oh , the pain ! 
feels like death . How is it possible for so much mucus to come out of one little person ? Where is all of this coming from ? 
Painting the living room . I think the paint fumes are distracting me from my sickness . Break time , now for a Mimosa for vitamin c . ;) 
Leopard print 
Both were blessed with an intelligence far greater than might be expected from their limited background . 
Happiness is ..... when it's pouring out and I don't have to be anywhere . 
has become addicted to Lifetime movies . Sometimes they start out so bad , but then I can't look away . I have to know how it ends . Even if I knew what was going to happen 10 < PROPFEMALE > . into the movie . 
is listening to people fix the bedroom ceiling and happy to know there's no asbestos up there . 
Go to urbandictionary.com and type in your first name . Put this message as your status & the definition of your name as the first comment underneath ... 
is on Day 1 after oral surgery and feeling very unattractive . :( 
Must go out in public today and my jaw is still swollen . Oh , the horror ! 
hates going to the Dentist . No ....... despises . Detests ? 
Thanks , everybody ! 
< PROPMALE > Zombie music prevented me from losing my mind today , stuck in traffic for 2 hrs . to go 20 < PROPMALE > . It came on , and I felt a wave of calm , like he was yelling and angsty enough for both of us . 
The curio cabinet I painted turned out awesome ! 
Wedding cake tasting . ;) 
Apparently , I have been jerking and running in my sleep . I have no memory of this or what I was dreaming about . Maybe I was running away from zombies . 
Doo Dah parade tomorrow . Woo hoo ! Silliness and Sangria ! 
Sometimes I feel like the whole world hates me ............. 
Homemade guacamole , Sangria and wedding stuff . 
Just cause I am shopping in Hollywood , does not mean I want to spend a fortune for crap . Where's the good stuff , besides Agent Provocateur and Trashy , where what I want is $900.00 ? 
It would be nice to eat a burrito without having half end up on my lap . It is like they do it on purpose . 
First day off , June 1st , after almost 7 weeks ! Woo hoo ! Wedding Day , June 5th and honeymoon June 15-30th . 
< PROPFEMALE > Sexton ? < PROPFEMALE > Sexton ? < PROPFEMALE > Hale-Sexton ? Mrs. Sexton ...... 
Someone is baking chocolate chip cookies and the smell is making me crazy ! Do I really have to wait a year to eat the top of my wedding cake ? It is screaming at me from the freezer ! Yummy chocolate mocha ....... 
Back home from honeymoon . I could have stayed away forever . :) 
http://marniegoodfriend.blogspot.com/2010/06/weddings-robert-and-suzi-secret.html 
http://www.rocknrollbride.com/2010/07/a-psycho-wedding/#more-48254 
Project for the day ....... Military tattoos and autopsy scars . 
was overwhelmed at HK Market . Marinated dried sliced squid and peanut . MMMM , fantastic . 
Stuffed on french toast , iced coffee in hand , Tru crime channel for inspiration , and now it is time to finish the autopsy scars . 
Wow , what a long day . I'm exhausted . 
When good things happen to good people , you should be happy for them . No matter what you are going through , or how jealous you are of them , you should still be happy for them . 
is thankful to have a hubby who cooks . 
The madness of Horror Nights has begun . Woo hoo ! 
October means ................... no social life for < PROPFEMALE > . ;( Can people please start having their parties during the week ? I have a ridiculous costume ! 
I overhear my hubby making plans to do a different Oktoberfest every weekend . I already have my mission for October , now he has his . ;) 
Once again , < PROPMALE > mistaken for \The Undertaker . \ " Ha ha ! " 
Halloween Horror Nights .... the final stretch . 
I am so tired that inanimate objects seem to be moving by themselves in my peripheral vision . 
Yesterday , Christmas shopping . Today , laundry . Tomorrow , more Christmas shopping . Avoiding the crowds to preserve my sanity . 
Shopping online , is the best ! :) Christmas shopping is sooooo close to done . ;) Woo hoo ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Bowl flea market ! Woo hoo ! 
Aborted mission : < PROPFEMALE > Bowl Flea Market . I have never seen so many people in one place . Way far away across the street in the grass and no parking to be seen . I would have been circling that place for hours . They turned me away from preferred parking , as well . Went to Glendale Galleria instead . Note to self ... get there at the crack of < PROPFEMALE > next time . 
Just watched < PROPFEMALE > Compass . Wow , < PROPFEMALE > Kidman is ridiculously beautiful . Should be illegal . ;) 
I hate drama . 
is reaching burn out . Time to take an < PROPMALE > class or see a therapist . ;) 
Wed ., cuts , scrapes , bruises and head wound . Thurs , glamour and then drag make-up . Today , finish kitchen floor , laundry , start packing , stroll down to Hollywood Blvd and Micelli's with the hubby . 
30 degrees and snow as far as the eye can see . Sure is pretty . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! Sending love and well wishes your way . 
Back to the gym and feeling fantastic ! 
I realized last night that a trip home from Long Beach flies when singing along to The < PROPMALE > Horror Picture Show soundtrack . You figure that as much time as you spend in your car sitting in traffic , you could be doing something productive like learning another language , or singing . The people in the cars around you may think you are crazy , but at least you are happy . :) 
Mmmmmmmm ... Vegan < PROPMALE > n cheese . 
wishing she would have had her priorities in order . I was so work obsessed last year that I didn't spend much time with someone important to me . I thought we'd have more time . I was wrong . 
Rest in peace , Bip . I miss you already . 
