has determined that love is only as honest as you are . :-) 

asjhakldjaksdjfh I HATE MY STUPID JOB !!!.... : glares menacingly at the planners and plots how to frame them for the sexual harrasment of a rubber duck ... : 
When the blameless and the righteous die . The very gods in heaven cry . 
thinks people need to grow up . if you have something to say . say it to my face . 
is ready for early retirement and a million dollars .. neither of which seems to be happening any time soon . oh well . back to the grinding wheel . 
is really really tired 
is tired .. day is good ... body is not . 
Is just plain tired of it all . 
One tear in the driving rain , One voice in a sea of pain Could the maker of the stars Hear the sound of my breakin ' heart ? One light , that's all I am Right now I can barely stand If You're everything You say You are Won't You come close and hold my heart 
HaPpY nEw YeAr EVERYONE !! 
Hmmm , what do you do when you really enjoy talking to someone but wanna let them sleep . Oh well i can wait :) 
teething >.< 
One a day for 30 days just to let it out . 
my girlfriend is amazing ^.^ 
Realises that self control is a good thing but that it can be terribly sad too . 
Abba , thank you for your forgiveness . 
Abba please save me from my anger . Give me your peace and love for my fellow humans ... Amen ... 
I got nothin to do this sat . Anybody near by wanna < PROPFEMALE > out ? 
Is turning 23 tomorrow ... I'm old >.< 
Feels like i've been lied to ... 
Happy birthday to me . Happy birthday to me . Happy birt ... Oh my god what have you done to that pancake !!! Somebody call mrs. Buttersworth we have an emergency ! 
Well\ 
I heard there was a secret chord , \ 
That < PROPFIRST > played and it pleased the Lord . \ 
But you don't really care for music , do ya ? \ 
Well it goes like this \ 
The fourth , the fifth \ 
The minor fall and the < PROPMALE > lift . \ 
The baffled < PROPMALE > composing Hallelujah 
So much I thought I'd have to say . Though I try to speak , my meaning strays . We can't avoid , the facts that brought us here . I've come to say goodbye ... 
How can I have lost what I never had . Feel what I could not know . And weep for a life that never existed ... 
Do I make you laugh or cry . Am I the cause of that spark in your eye . Or is the joy there that I see , meant for someone other than me . 
Three cheers for VNV Nation to help get me through a sucky day at work 
Lord let me be like a child . With eyes that see the innocence and goodness in everything around me , happy with the simple things I am given , filled with the unlimited energy to follow my dreams , and faith to believe the unbelievable . 
Going to wingnuts for some white gummy bears :) 
Ok so three cheers for Family , Friends , and Cruises !!! :-) 
Nothing unusual . Nothings changed . I'm just a little older that's all . 
Made it safe :) ttyl 
Walking the strip . Seeing the sites . Having a blast with my girl :) Might see the body exhibit at the luxor . Fun times but i miss cali ... 
Best part of vegas , having you in my arms . worst part , having to say goodbye . 
A true friend is someone you can enjoy talking to when your heart is shattered , and know thats they wont step on the pieces . 
Monster Rancher and a ton of cd's = epic times with loved ones guessing which monster will this one make ! =D 
She dances in the moonlight her beauty a soft silver glow ... God i hate being alone 
We dont have to worry about being the hero of anybody's story but our own . 
In the effort of preserving the human race I hereby swear that in the event of a zombie apocalypse and my subsequent decrease in brain power and increase in hunger I will not devour anyone on my friends list . To those of you who aren't ... RUN !!! 
Sigh school starts soon and already i feel like i dont belong ... 
If love is madness , and indeed it is . Than I am madder than the hatter with how you make me feel . 
I'm so burned out right now ... 
Yes thats right . Another status update . Does anyone get the reference to \being dipped in the soup \"" 
Took a diabetes blood test .... Hurray i'm not diabetic !!! Bring on the < PROPFEMALE > and soda !!! 
I just cant feel anything right now . I'm sad but feel nothing . I miss you 
Truth and Love go hand in hand . If you can't trust someone you can't love them . And if you can't love someone how can you expect to trust them . When one is broken it scars the other . And when you have given one look deep inside and you will see that you have given the other as well . 
Wishes I had you beside me , missing you deeply . I'm here if you ever want me . 
Can someone please teach me to breathe . It's dark and you said you would be there to save me ... 
Thank you . I feel better . 
It's time for some changes . I'm looking for a new job , a new car , and new friends . If you know where i can find any of these let me know . 
laughing at earthquake employees of mc donalds 
shootin bad guys to while the time away till the week starts again and i can start applying 
text me if ya need to get ahold of me . i am AFK and for all those computer noobs . thats AWAY FROM KEYBOARD 
I'm not giving up , I'm not giving in . I'm growing up and learning to grin . 
I will learn to lead and you will follow . If you choose motto follow you do not love me and i shall set you free . 
I will learn to lead and you will follow . If you choose * not to follow you do not love me and i will let you be . 
Big bang theory how i thank you for helping me ... 
Damn the last disc of the afore mentioned show ... 
Highly considering the hospital right now . I cant even eat a bowl of oatmeal 
Artis weeps alone . Lost in a caer ynys that is so very differant . Torn apart . 
After all this has passed , i still will remain After i've cried my last , there'll be beauty from pain Though it won't be today , Someday i'll hope again And there'll be beauty from pain\ 
\ 
You will bring beauty from my pain 
Ok so 30 day notice and 2 week notice . I wish you would celebrate with me . 
Am i the prodigal son or the world ... 
Where do we find the balance . Do yo seek to love others or love ourselves . And how can we love someone else if we dont love ourselves 
Yay ! Had a bowl of chicken and wild rice and it is staying down :) 
Ok so any recommendations on multi vitamins ? It's time i restore my body to health 
Ok so first ambulence ride not as exciting as i thought it would be . Dont worry i'm ok 
So apparently they put something on your head to check your temp . In the E.R. I couldn't resist checkig to see if they wrote idiot on my head . 
Take comfort my friend for although i leave empty handed i still take something with me . I have seen how you laugh and love , cry and mourn . I have seen also your faith in a better tomorrow and am made better because of it . 
I'm doing facepainting tonight . Will post pics later :) 
Been reading the Diving Comedy translated by mandelbaum .. And i wonder the state of my soul 
OK so i am thinking about throwing a face painted and mask early halloween party . anyone interested in helpin plan ? 
ok first pics on their way 
“I can't control my < PROPFEMALE > , I\ 
trust my soul , my only goal is just to be . There's only now , there's \ 
only here . Give in to love or live in fear . No other path , no other way . \ 
No day but today . ” ~ < PROPMALE > Larson 
wow i feel lame . i just listened to a < PROPFIRST > beiber song i liked ... >.< shoot me ... 
“A loving relationship is one \ 
in which the loved one is free to be himself -- to laugh with me , but \ 
never at me ; to cry with me , but never because of me ; to love life , to \ 
love himself , to love being loved . Such a relationship is based upon \ 
freedom and can never grow in a jealous heart . ” ~ < PROPFIRST > F . Buscaglia quotes 
“Do\ 
not spoil what you have by desiring what you have not ; remember that \ 
what you now have was once among the things you only hoped for . ” ~ Greek Philosopher Epicurus 
Everything is determined , the beginning as \ 
well as the end , by forces over which we have no control . It is \ 
determined for the insect , as well as for the < PROPFEMALE > . Human beings , \ 
vegetables , or cosmic dust , we all dance to a mysterious tune , intoned \ 
in the distance by an invisible < PROPFEMALE > . ~ Albert Einstein 
It contributes greatly towards a man's moral and \ 
intellectual health , to be brought into habits of companionship with \ 
individuals unlike himself , who care little for his pursuits , and whose \ 
sphere and abilities he must go out of himself to appreciate . 
Starts my new job in the morning . I wanna celebrate 
Never give up on what you love , never surrender your dreams to another , never lose sight of your goals , and never be anything less than your best . 
Ok so first shift has been a crazy blast . Anyone wanna go out for a drink later tonight ? 
Step 1 : get a new job , check . Step 2 : Quit my old job , check . Step 3 : leave old apartment , in progress . 
Yay for Pizza 
yay for going out drinking . Still I wish you were celebrating with me ... 
A girl asked about me and i dont know how to respond ... 
Why do you want me to give up ? why do you want me to go away ? why do you want me to say goodbye ? When you know I promised to stay by your side ... 
I'll love you enough to let you walk this path . Please know that i'll love you no matter what choice you make . 
When your out on your own . Feeling lonely and so cold . All you have to do is call my name and i'll be there on the next train . 
The plans you make , your path to choose . Which road will you take ? You try not to lose , but how will you know ? And who's to judge ? You want the answer , something to show . No one will tell , ' cause no one can know . ~ my magical quest begins 
Had a pleasant conversation with an old friend and was pleased with how nice it felt . 
Without direction we wander aimlessly . Without purpose we question daily . Without love we yearn for connection . Searching provides direction . Uncovering offers purpose . Discovery brings a connection . With these we find peace . Chapter 1 begins . 
I'm laughing and living again :) thank you for everything ! 
I am open like a child , adventuresome like a teen , wise like an adult . Now begins chapter two 
Decides it is time to care about my appearance so going for contacts tomorrow and will continue improving my wardrobe where a friend left off . 
Whats this feeling in my tummy ? It's like butterflies only bad . Wait ! Could it be ? Yes ! I'm actually hungry !!! : looks lovingly at oatmeal i made : yum :) 
Oh < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > ! I have a rumbly in my tumbly but i dont know what to do ! ~ ha ha ha yay for the way < PROPFEMALE > the pooh bear articulates 
Took my eye exam today and get the contacts tomorrow :) anyone wanna have free reign to give me a good hair cut ? 
Got my vitamins . :) i will be who i was meant to be and i shall change the world . 
Chapter 3 of magical quest six steps to career success and i've learned so much about me ... 
Just finished reading Tamora Pierce's Circle of magic book one and two . Its a good set so far I should get the next two . 
Yay my contacts are on !!! I am so excited :) 
I started to go to your place before i remembered with a sad smile that your not there anymore . 
when people say \i dont normally ... \ " Does that mean they sometimes have a freakish < PROPFEMALE > to do what they dont do ? " 
As the desert rain sweeps across a dry and barren land turning dust and death into a display of color that makes even the gods jealous of its beauty , so too did you sweep across my life until the gods grew jealous of us and took you away . 
Tired eyes from contacts ... Sad from a funeral . But got to talk to someone that hasn't been apart of my life for a little while . and i think it went well . 
Talked with my ex wife yesterday . What has this world come to ? 
So many plays i need to see ... Phantom , rent , < PROPMALE > mis and more . Soon one day soon . 
I'm eating more and my stomach is smaller . How messed up is that . I have to wear a belt with pants i didn't have to two weeks ago 
Lol i just won < PROPFEMALE > tickets 
I was gunna buy the beauty and the beast special edition but between gilmore girls , be < PROPFEMALE > i think my masculinity is low enough 
hours left and counting seconds . freedom at the tip of my fingers and looking forward to tumbling down the rabbit hole . Life awaits and im ready to walk through that open door . 
The < PROPFIRST > of your ignorance is the depth of \ 
your belief in injustice and tragedy . What the caterpillar calls the end\ 
of the world , the master calls a butterfly . ~ Illusions of a Reluctant Messiah 
Starting with an adios and seeing where this takes me 
I long to watch the gypsy dance tonight her dance so full and free . I long to see her upturned face dappled skin kissed by the light of the < PROPFEMALE > . Her intricate dance around the flame of her hearts < PROPFEMALE > . Her feet pounding out a routine declaring her wild freedom , no longer chained to the < PROPFEMALE > s of those who were captivated by her . I long to see the gypsy dance ... 
Goodnight < PROPFEMALE > ^ ^ 
Weird weird dreams last night ... 
Some days I'll admit its still hard to breathe . But in the end I can see that I'll be ok . 
HOW DID WE MEET ? Copy & paste this into your status and see what everyone says 
Up and out the door at 6:30 in the morning . Than a nice twenty minute walk to work . Yeah its early again but i'm happy :) 
Your not alone . Your safe and loved . Always shall you be . I wont give up 
Thats right i'm now a frap master with the new system . I could make your drink to perfection 
Popeman , Popeman ! And altar boy !!! \Look out popeman its vampires ! \"" 
I'm loving my job and thats making me a different person :) 
I'm going to be in the brea/anaheim area tonight . Anyone wanna get a coffee or a drink ? 
It\ 
is human to hope and dream . And I am human indeed ... For I dare to hope \ 
for a future with you in it still , and I dream of becoming the leader I know I am whether or not you choose to follow . 
So it is in my recent experience that i have learned even with several bouts of alcohol i still do not make a good belly dancer lol 
\Say it ! \ " \ " Riverview Riverview Riverview !!! \"" 
Hey guys I'm a nerd . I have facebook running on a tv just cause i can .. Go team yay woo ! 
Its 3:45 in the morning and yet i'm happy to go to work :) 
i like how my shirt smells right now lol 
I remember walking the strip and fun at body world . Washing your hair and getting my hair cut . Long walks by the river and a day at the dog beach . I remember playing cards with your family and watching new shows together . Reading spanish rhymes and a giant burrito . I remember fun and love . 
Hope's to see phantom on sunday :) 
will use sunday to finish moving :) 
Hehehehe sorry . was just in a mood to share tonight . 
I got my purple on today . Do you ? 
Put this as your status if you know or love someone who is gay . My wish is that people will understand that being gay is not a disease - people who are gay are not looking for a cure but ACCEPTANCE and EQUAL RIGHTS ... 93% won't copy and paste this . Will you make this your status for at least one hour ? Promote LOVE & acceptance ! NOT ...... hate ! ? 
Sometimes a little heart ache is what we need to bury it and rid ourselves of delusions 
I've walked this road once before and I came out the fool . The words you so sweetly used were nothing but a tool . Yet I would believe once again in the sound of your voice as the mice listen to the < PROPFEMALE > play . 
\I heard that you were living well 
Feels like drinking tonight . Who's down 
Was asked today if i will ever get married again . And i gave them a < PROPMALE > and thought about it , my answer is prob not . I've seen a lot and dont believe in the delusion of an unconditional love . Everyone including me has a limit . And from what i have seen most are shallow . 
Drink 1 contemplating the definition of friends and salarie :) lets see where drink two takes me < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > 
Drink two has me examining the spacial bounds of fire and the ability to spot zombies along park pathways . Next and final stop drink three 
And drink three has me talking to a best friend that unfortunatly i haven't talked to in awhile and of a love that has burned itself in my heart . Off to home to < PROPFEMALE > with family and sleep before work . 
I just saw a husky and a pomeranian poodle tromping together having a blast . My two favorite types :) 
I can't stop fighting its not in my nature . I hope you'll forgive me for that flaw of mine one day . 
Why is physical pain such an addictive and welcome replacement for emotional pain ? 
Listening to music picking up last bits and moving furniture . Than i'm done in brea 
I'm suprised at how hurt you are . I knew i would but i feel like our roles reversed . I was happy and brave faced . You seemed sad and alone . I'm here my friend no matter what 
Im always here , always caring . I am capable of learning about my flaws and working towards improving . I have never abandoned you and never will . One day I will have to move on but for now to say it so simply . I love you . 
Learning is finding out what you already know . \ 
Doing is demonstrating that you know it . \ 
Teaching is reminding others that they know just as well as you . ~ for all you aspiring and current teachers 
Alright I'm off to the concert to learn how to shake my hips lol 
If everything we were was just a dream than I'll thank the gods for the pleasant dreams . If you are just an illusion than i shall alter reality to show you that I am in control and am he that is meant for you . 
I choose to love you , i choose to not give up . I choose to be happy no matter the outcome . Whether or not you choose the same doesnt matter because this is my choice to make . 
If your dreams feel like they are crashing down around you and you don't know where to turn . Than just know that your friends care about you and your family loves you . And most importantly there are many choices and paths , whichever path you take I will support you . 
I understand more than you know . Inside you wanna fight , hurt , kill anything that is beautiful . You wanna destroy others or more accurately yourself . You want that comfortableness that was there when you were naive to the pain of the world . You want back the happiness that will never be there now that the world has taught you a lesson you can't unlearn ... I understand 
Oh the joys of closing one night and being in at 6:30 the next day >.< oh well work is still a wonderful place to be :) 
You've seen me sing a few tunes with a smile on my face . But you've never gotten to see me pour out my soul with greatest joy ? 
Notice : guy looking for girl . Must be fun loving , adventurous , and intelligent . Enjoys reading , writing , and music . Had one and lost her so communication is a must . 
I told you once that we were together in another life , and that i lost you in it . And it turns out i lost you in this one lol . I'm making a mental note now for the next life that I wont make the same mistake . So just you wait . 
Off the grid . Its been fun :) 
stupid phone didnt change the time so it woke me up an hour early >.< 
Great day today :-) Now to go to a meeting and than to go find if i have any groove lol 
Love someone enough to fight for them and still be willing to let them go . 
Do stars once fallen long only to return back to the heavens that was their home ? Or have they come seeking adventures and tales of love far grander than we know ? Are we the muses that inspire their hearts and dreams ? 
Hmmm I want spaghetti with extra cheese lol 
I've learned to fly on my own two wings the hard way . Being kicked out of the nest into the jaws of hungry lion . 
Yay sunday nights at 7 in the compass room . The refuge :) 
\Would you live each moment like your last ? \ 
I have a breath of fresh air because my savior reigns in me . I am alive again and I'm free to be who I am meant to be . 
Have I not commanded you be strong and courageous . Do not be terrified do not be discouraged . For the Lord your God will be with you wherever you may go . < PROPFIRST > 1:9 
I've made many mistakes in my life and performed kind acts of equal intensity . And I choose to live with no regrets for my Savior has made me who I am . 
Yogurtland with people that put me to shame not by the any action against me but by the amazing way they seem to live their lives . 
So much to think about and consider . Thanks for the convo < PROPFIRST > . Perhaps I should figure out how to have a road trip to talk with you more lol . 
A night of friendship . Its a strange feeling to be welcome . May it and i continue to grow . 
I'm trying to learn how to soar on wings like eagles , how to run and not grow weary . But first I must learn how to let go of the past and walk the straight and narrow path . 
I'm so happy ! I just found out my old apartment was re-leased so I am not going to have to pay even half as much as I thought I was going to ! 
I\ 
learned today that im not sorry . And i choose not to be sorry . I'm not \ 
like other people . I try not to give up even when others do . I dont stop caring . I dont\ 
walk away when you think i should . And i dont abandon the people i \ 
love . and if that makes me a bad person or annoying . than so be it . I am\ 
happy to be different . 
Fun with friends that I haven't seen in awhile . For better or worse it will be interesting at least :-) 
Had a blast hanging out with you tonight :) will most definatly see you again soon . 
I just learned i'm < PROPFIRST > pilgrim ! 
Workin till 9:30 . stop by anytime :-) 
Lol was a busy night at work tonight . But it was nice to see so many compass friends come in ! 
\I stood by the river \ 
is firmly against waking up at 6:30 to get to work and finding out you didnt have to be there till 11 >.< 
Hates waking up in one nightmare only to be still dreaming another one ... Pray for me compass 
4:10 in the morning and I still cant sleep . Thinkin of my friends and when I can fellowship with them again . What did I do to deserve this blessing amidst all the let downs ? 
Take care of yourself . 
Once your enemy now seated at your table . Jesus , thank you 
Me : Zzz Zzz ... : phone rings : : me answering phone : blrgfsh : Person on phone : hi < PROPMALE > its your boss can you come in at 7 ? me : ughstlvhdz ! My boss : i'll take that as a yes ! Bye ! * click * me : hello ? Hello ? 
Spent the last 5 hours putting up christmas lights at my uncles house . This is my second favorite part about christmas 
Oh Lord convict me and fill me with fear for you . Forgive me and teach me . 
Just finished lights at my uncles house . And only one word to describe his setup ... Amazing ! 
it sucks having a fever and crying yourself to sleep . Night all 
Its nice taking a shower than sitting in the bath just soaking when your not feeling up to par . I havent done that in more than a decade . 
2I < 6U 
This is a generation in which positive encouragement is not seen enough . Too often we find that \good behavior\ " is expected but not recognized and \ " bad behavior\ " is immediately discouraged . So to start hopefully a new trend I just wanted to tell everyone \ " thank you for being a part of my life and for making me who I am today . You have all shaped me into being the God fearing man I am now . \"" 
Well the truth is .. I miss you ... Yeah the truth is ... That I miss y o-o -o-o- u-u-u-u so . 
What would you say if I told you how much it surprised me that I miss you as much as I do ? 
Do you dare to believe ? Do you dare to hope ? Do you dare to trust ? Do you dare to dream ? Do you dare to < PROPFEMALE > ? 
Enjoyed worshiping and being in fellowship with my compass family tonight . You guys are the best . 
I'm Here . 
I'm\ 
alive but I wanna be free . I see how you look at them and I want to \ 
believe . That there's more to this shallow life I see . But in the \ 
darkness all I find , are the monsters waiting there for me . 
I like orange juice with pulp and thats just who i am :) 
can't sleep , the penguins will get me ... 
The first testicular guard , the \cup\ " was used in Hockey in 1874 and the first helmet was used in 1974 . That means it only took 100 years for men to realize that their brain are also important . " 
Care to dance under the stars and forget the past ? Care to curl up by a fire and read our favorite books ? Care to walk along the beach and draw our names in the sand ? Care to experience life with me ? 
Prayin for all you hard workin collage students . Best of luck to you during these finals 
I'm tired of false faces and lies . Including my own . So please just leave me alone . 
Scooby doobie doo where are you we got some work to do now ! 
Playing LOTRO with my brother .. I am still a super nerd and proud of it . 
4 words and a sound . Mmmm salted caramel hot chocolate ! 
God saw you getting tired & a cure was not to be . So he put his arms around you & whispered come with me . With tearful eyes we watched & saw you pass away . Although we love you dearly , we could not make you stay . A < PROPFEMALE > heart stopped beating , hard working hands at rest . God broke our hearts to prove to us he only takes the best . Put this on your status if there is someone in heaven you will miss this Christmas . 
Sometimes the beauty is in the intent . So I just wanted to take the moment to tell you I Love You , even when you dont . 
Sometimes depression sucks .. Sometimes it inspires deep creativity .. which is it this time i wonder . 
Cranberry bliss bars and salted caramel hot chocolate . Starbucks greatest creations since deciding to sell coffee . 
Came into work half an hour early and got to start early . Now i'm tired already . Whats up with that 
I work from 7am to 3pm tomorrow . If you feel like it come visit . I'd love to say hi and wish you a < PROPFEMALE > christmas ! 
listening to < PROPFEMALE > and wrapping more christmas gifts for tomorrow . What an interesting tradition this could turn out to be 
My dad has convinced himself that I have some incurable disease that would have killed < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > .. Oi .. Vey .. 
I'm engaged !!!!!!! 
spider bite twice ..... hope its radio active and i get cool powers ... 
I want to promise you that you will be loved all your life . 
Had fun watching Tron and catching up with a new old friend and my cousin who i never get to see (* cough cough < PROPFIRST > its your fault cough cough * lol . My how small this world can be . 
“Our nation is like a hot dog . None of it belonged together in the first place , but somehow , it works . ” 
The bible is one of the only books in which one of the main characters you never see . 
Some people are born with more potential to love than be loved . And I think they learn to be ok with that because they know they made a difference in everyone else's life . 
I want to invent my own language lol . 
I wonder how that stupid twitter bird would fair against atticus finch ... :-D 
Between my brothers and i we know everything :) ... Oh and < PROPMALE > too cause we dont know about rugby 
Sometimes God will remove a distracting person in your life until you focus on Him . Only to replace them with someone so much better . 
Exhausted but so very happy for the friendship and where God is taking me 
Had a wonderful time yesterday at my aunt and uncles , hanging out with loved ones and friends :) 
is now pondering how to save up 2k in 5-6 months .. 10% complete 
My uncle always talks about everything having to be in balance . As I grow older the wisdom of his words sinks in more and more , Maybe one day I can be a fraction as wise as he . 
Just got some sad news today . Oh well , there isn't anything that can be done about it right now . 
Phones broke so dont try contacting me lol . Will update later when i get new one .. bye 
Thats right im back . new phone . text me your name and number if you want me to have . 714 260 8086 
Yay for food ! :) what have you done to me lol 
thinks its amazing how quickly things can change . from fun and pleasant dreams for a future to not allowing yourself to even hope for it . 
who would have guessed that almost 24 years later i'd be back at the hospital i was born in 
In Truth we hear God , in Love we feel God , in Justice we mimic God , and in Mercy we obey God . 
