had a good time last night , but won't be drinking again anytime soon 

tonight at work was crazy !!! I love my weekend . 
just got home from a 12 hour shift , I am beat , off to bed cause I have a long day of painting ahead of me . 
is working at Copley tomorrow . I have great people on tomorrow night so it should be all good . 
I have cuban drinks to trade , I basically need everything else from the cuban vaults 
another 12 hour day , I am beat . 
needs all entertainers and all beards in mafia wars , also need all fruit except dragon fruit and pineapple . Can anyone help me out ? 
MAFIA WARS pals : I need all entertainers and need all fruit besides pineapple and dragon fruit . Can anyone help me please ?!?!?!? 
really hates the muggy weather 
another fun filled day of home renovaton , painting and ripping up carpet , my idea of good times . 
happy pride weekend , see some of you at the parade tomorrow ! 
only remembers bits and pieces of the day , but I hear I had a great time . 
hey mafia friends can anyone help me out ? I need fan dancer , burlesque dancer , crooner , heavy bag , illegal transaction records , and blackmail photos ... THANKS 
just watched the movie Stardust .... it was very odd but actually really good 
has another 12 hour day ahead of me ... fun times 
had a very very crappy day at work ... 12 hours not too fun today .. hope tomorrow is much better 
had a much better day today 
headed to work ... another 12 hour day .... I am gonna be beat 
heading to bed after my 12 hour day 
is headed to bed , night all 
gonna go work on the house a bit before work 
I just fell of my bicycle . OUCH !!! It hurts 
so I am at work .... and that was < PROPFIRST > ... the closest to me falling off a bike was trying to use a DEAD portable 
is headed to bed .... gonna try to do some more work on the house tomorrow before work 
is gonna head to bed .... I really need to work on my research paper tomorrow 
I think I inhaled about a pound of sawdust today , but at least we got the floors done 
Thank God I am done with these damn MRI classes .... I start Quality Management next week which looks to be a little easier 
Is headed to bed , I am beat .... 8 hours in surgery is very tiring 
done with class , not off to work ... Copley here I come 
fun times at Copley today .... Mari you crack my shit up HA 
I'm already tired of being a home owner and I haven't even moved in yet !! ;o ( 
SO any hopes I had of being into my house within the next couple of weeks are gone ... maybe I will finally be in by the end of August .... that is of I have doors by then ;o ( 
is happy the carpet is in and the blinds are up ... now if I could just get my furniture things will be back on track 
my doors are finally up , thanks dad .... now just lots of cleaning and randon little things to get done . 
is so ready for the semester to bed over .... i hate summer school 
just got home from copley ... now time to chill before bed ... 
hey hatchlings friends ... can anyone help me out ? I need Australia Egg , Credit Card Egg , Poker Chip egg , and Peridot Egg ... if anyone comes across an extra can you send it my way ? Thanks ;O ) 
Is really getting annoyed with this whole furniture situation .... I am gonna try not to kill a bitch , but can't make any promises 
is happy to be getting some of my furniture on Saturday , but wishes it wasn't so damn early . 
my house is actually starting to feel like a home .... if all goes well I might actually be in within another week or two !!! 
just watched Lars and the Real Girl .... it was very odd , and yet oddly very good . 
although I was completely beat , had fun working at Copley today ... the flooding in the department was absolutely hilarious 
my sinus headache finally broke after eight days of agony .... 
got basically everything moved but my bed and my clothes .... CRAZY !!!!!!! 
is finally moved in ... wish my damn interent worked .... I really hate Comcast 
finally got the internet working , and I figured out my DVR , things are looking up 
has concluded that I despise grocery shopping ... not only do I not have the < PROPFEMALE > for all the people and misbehaved children , but I can't stand wandering around trying to find everything on my list .... GRRR 
has decided that weeding is 100 times worse then grocery shopping , at least at the store I can walk away from the kids , if I walk away from the weed , it is still there when I come back . 
is kind of regretting agreeing to work at my other job while I am on vacation .... hopefully it will be slow and I can get some homework done . 
heading to the city tonight , looking forward to a night out .... lord knows I need it 
so doesn't want to go back to work tomorrow ..... 
did some more weeding , now I am at work .... BLAH ...... 
my mom is feeling better , she should get out of the hospital tomorrow , what a shitty week and it is only tuesday 
thinks that Target Sangria in a box is a good thing .... MMMMMMMMMM 
ok so they have played with my mom's antibiotics some and she is feeling better again , hopefully she will really get to come home tomorrow , I know she is bored out of her mind ..... 
is happy they finally let my mom out of the hospital , she is feeling a lot better ... thanks all for the well wishes 
had a lot of fun last night with the x-ray gang , also think I need to start going to str8 bars more often , some of those bitches were a HOT MESS , and it was hilarious 
hanging out before bed , finally getting my hair cut tomorrow , then working at Copley 
off to work I go .... blah 
at work with the gang .... me and < PROPFIRST > causing tons of trouble .... gotta love the weekend .... 
getting lots of things done today .... hooray for days off 
thinks shopping at midnight is great ... it was quick , easy , and quiet !!!! 
thinks that trying to be handy and put things together myself is a very bad idea ... I managed to break it and I have a splitting headache ... and I am only half way done putting it together after 2 plus hours GRRRRR 
thanks all for the birthday wishes ..... ;o ) 
is freezing cold .... thankfully they are getting this damn furnace replaced today since it might snow tomorrow !!!!! GRRRRRR 
is home from a fun filled day at Copley .... still feeling kind of sick blah 
would just really love to chill today .... but unfortunately I have to work 
still feels like crap .... I wish this damn Z-pak will start working already 
got my homework that is due tomorrow done , got 2 bookshelves put together , did some laundry , watched a movie , and got addicted to a new application on facebook all in one day ..... I need more days off 
Off to work I go .... hoping today is a much better day than yesterday 
this beautiful weather is making it so hard to go to work 
errands , then work , then grocery shopping after work ..... holla for a dolla 
it is amazing the absolutely ridiculous things you can find to do when you are trying to procrastinate and now write a paper !!! 
HATES raking leaves 
just finished cleaning the downstairs bathroom .... so fresh and so clean clean 
got the tree up .. I love the purple and silver < PROPMALE > against the green walls .. now I just need to find some decorations for around the banister 
got the paper part of my finance project done ... now just need to work on the spreed sheet and < PROPFIRST > portion , I will be so glad when this class is over 
hoping tomorrow is a better day 
just finished my last class session for the semester ... just need to take my test and wait for the professor to post all my grades .... really hoping i did well cause this class sucked 
Grocery shopping at midnight after work is so much easier !!!! 
< PROPMALE > for NYE with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > .... anyone else going ? 
working for Avani this weekend ... it is CRAZY busy ;o ( 
is sick again ;o ( I was just starting to feel better and now today I feel crappy all over again .... GRRRRRR 
off to work I go .. hoping it will be slow since it is Christmas < PROPFEMALE > , would really love to get some homework done 
off to work I go ... wishing everyone a safe holiday cause I don't want to have to x-ray your ass today 
ok need to go wrap some Christmas gifts ... I know a little late but celebrating Christmas with the family tomorrow 
thinks < PROPFEMALE > and Cinnamon are spoiled rotten , but I love them anyways ... who would have guessed a gay guy would love pussy so much !!!! 
spending NYE at Hunters with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > .... anyone else going ? 
so I have been out of the closet for over ten years now ... so why is it that my cats keep wanting to go back into the closet ?? then have even figured out how to open the damn closet door since I won't let them in ... is it just me or is this rather oxy-moronic ??? 
got to < PROPFEMALE > with some of my Copley peeps tonight .... all it takes is an hour and i realize why that is no longer my fulltime job .... while I am sad to only see you guys a couple times a month I am in a much better place ;o ) 
just doesn't understand how the snow could stop , and we could have such a huge warning , and yet the streets are still crappy ..... but must say that I was quite impressed to see that the parking lot to the liquor store was spotless 
tonight at work my co-workers decided I am in heat .... HA 
got a lot done today , it is amazing what can happen when I get out of bed before noon ... the only downside is that I know I am gonna be dragging all night at work 
off to copley I go 
it really needs to slow down at work cause I need to get some homework done 
really enjoyed my day off yesterday ..... sad to have to go back today 
really enjoyed the weather today .... wish it could stay like this 
so why is it that I have been trying to play with < PROPFEMALE > all day and she has wanted nothing to do with me , but the minute I try to do some homework and open my book she decides she wants to be a lap cat and lay accross the book ??? 
so I watched the Real House Wives of Orange County today .... amazing what you find to watch while you are sick ... and I want to have a tupperware party hosted by a drag < PROPFEMALE > . I think that would be hella fun 
gonna be a long ass day ... just finished class , have to go get ready for work , CPR from 11-3 then work from 3-11 .... I am gonna need a lot of coffee 
Cinnamon is home from the vet ... you wouldn't even know she had surgery cause she started being naughty 5 minutes after I let her our of the carrier .... < PROPFEMALE > seems to be happy to have her friend back though ;o ) 
we may have some bad days ... but I can honestly say I love my job 
so < PROPFEMALE > is coming over Tuesday night to help me wash my pussies cause they stink .. I am making dinner and she is brining the wine ... hell we might need to down the wine midway between the bathes cause I am thinking fur is gonna fly ( no pun intended ) 
ok so I need to get into governement office to set up a system for distributing drivers licenses .... you must be over 18 , under 65 , meet a certain IQ level and have some common sense .... 
so I watched Paranormal Activity last night ... although it does start of kind of slow I think it is the scariest I have ever seen 
so I was in a really shitty mood last night because I thought for sure I failed my first World Religions test .. now today I am in an incredibly good mood cause I opened up my grade log to find I got a 98% .... this is the crap those Mastercard comercials are made of 
the only thing I hate more than the house being dirty , is actually cleaning it ;o ( 
I am sad I have to go back to work tomorrow ... wish vacation was longer 
so I tried to bake a cake tonight ..... failed miserably ;o ( 
why do I always seem to get the patients with the most complicated histories ?? 
< PROPFEMALE > told me I looked like Mr. Rogers in my sweater today ;o ( 
< PROPFEMALE > and Cinnamon are still naughty , naughty , naughty .... but I love these these damn pussies ..... now how is that for something you never thought you would hear a gay guy say ? ;o ) 
so tonight at work me and < PROPFEMALE > were told we were white trash by a patient .... oh how I love my job 
I just need a break ..... why can't we be like bears and just go into hibernation for a while ? 
so I have come to the conclusion I am physically , mentally , and phychologically exhausted ..... is there something to clear all that ?? maybe I should check into the 5th floor at work 
I do not understand how people think gardening is a hobby and/or relaxing ... I am completely cut up from the < PROPFEMALE > bushes , got attacked by a million bugs , I am dirty , and dripping in sweat ..... there is nothing theraputic about that 
just watched the season finale of Grey's Anatomy ... while I am glad all my favorite characters survied , and not so upset that some of the ones I didn't like were killed off ... it is still not the same without Izzie and < PROPFIRST > ;o ( 
so within about a month's time I was told I was white trash by a patient and low budget by a rather pompus queer .... if I didn't know better I might get a complex HA 
so me and < PROPFIRST > are down on a trauma .. as we are shooting films in 4A the chaplain decides he needs to console the patient in 4B ... so I tell the Chaplain we are about to shoot x-rays and he needs to come out with us ... and he ignores me .... so I say chaplain GOD is not gonna protect you from these x-rays so you better get out here ... needless to say he came out and < PROPFIRST > cracked the hell up ;o ) 
Thanks < PROPFEMALE > for helping me clean the stinky pussy .... Now Cinnamon and < PROPFEMALE > smell so fresh and so clean clean 
I am completely exhausted ... time for bed 
I hate < PROPMALE > labor .... now I see why people pay so much for landscaping 
will i ever get my power back ? 
yay for finally having power back !!!!! 
Who is going to the parade on Sunday ?? I will be spending the majority of the day at < PROPFEMALE > Kat .. hope to see everyone ;o ) 
It was great seeing everyone yesterday ... I had tons of fun ... not sure I will be drinking again for a long while though ! 
I feel like I am overdue for a good cry .... 
is going to see < PROPFEMALE > Lauper tonight with < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPFEMALE > .... I am super excited 
< PROPFEMALE > Lauper at the House of Blues tonight was PHENOMENAL !!!! She did an acoustic version of Time After Time , I was in HEAVEN !!!! 
wonders how the hell some of these residents made it through school !!! 
ok so tonight at work we came up with 2 really good drag names ... Pop A Rocks ( in your mouth not in your hands ... and Absoluta Whore .. we also set a date to go to the Baton Club , although I am not sure why we were obsessed with drag queens tonight , it made for some hilarious conversation 
had a blast at < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST>'s house this weekend ... was good to see some old friends and make some new ones , too bad I made an enemy ...... my liver I am getting too old for this shit 
so I got my ComEd < PROPMALE > today ... can anyone tell me how the hell I could go without power for over 2 days , yet have the highest electric < PROPMALE > I have ever had ??? 
so maybe there should be a rule that first year residents can't put in their own orders ... how in the hell these people making it through school ?? 
so tonight at work I broke a wheelchair while I was helping get a patient out of it .. Avani my little Indian coworker looked at me and in her broken english told me I must be a vampire since I broke it .... HA I love it 
Finished my Business Project for my Case Studies Course .... THANK GOD !!! Just 1 test away from graduation ;o ) 
It is official ... I am done with school , I officially have my degree HOLLA 
12 hour days are no fun , I am beat ... but I will be happy when the paycheck comes 
I am officially confused when it comes to the mating rituals of heterosexual couples !?!? 
I HATE NICOR ... that's it 
I really hate when guys pretend to be good guys and get you to crush on them ... and then turn out to be jerks 
The new < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Album is PHENOMENAL !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
thanks < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , and Raime for all the parts for my Vault . I am finally at 5 stars ... it is greatly appreciated 
home from the wedding ... had a really good time and I looked super cute ! overall a very good night 
now this is the kind of weather I love 
GOD do I hate my white trash neighbors !!!!!!!!!!!! 
Just had some < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST>'s Cinnamon Bun flavored ice cream for the first time .... it was orgasmic ... seriously the best ice cream I have ever had 
I want to do something new and different with my hair .... any ideas ? 
Got my diploma in the mail today ... HOLLA ;o ) 
if I wanted a play by play of the game ... I would watch the damn thing myself 
got some yard work done , cooked dinner , and spent the day laying around with the pussies ... Cinnamon and < PROPFEMALE > are spoiled rotten but I love them ;o ) 
thanks all for the birthday wishes ... and thank to < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , Avani , Sherrilyn , and < PROPFIRST > for the fun times after work ... xoxo 
now I may not be able to bake to save my life ... but I can make a mean steak and potato dinner .... MMMM 
I seriously need to get motivated ... I have tons of things I need to get done . I did manage to make an appointment to have my will and living will drawn up , what a great thing to think about 4 days after my 29th birthday ... hell who am I kidding I am almost dead in gays years so better get it in order ha 
I love my new tattoo .... if anyone needs a good tattoo artist let me know he works in Blue Island and a couple of days a week in Dekalb 
is it just me or is it weird when porn stars have no problem with showing their goods , but more times than not are wearing shoes ??? hmmmmmmm 
I LOVE the new < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > video !!!!!!!! she is phenomenal 
so apparently I am a glutton for punishment ... I went with < PROPFEMALE > to the animal shelter today so she could adopt a cat and somehow she went home with none and I ended up coming home with 2 more .. That means I now own 4 cats .... WHAT THE HELL IS A GAY GUY SUPPOSED TO DO WITH THAT MUCH PUSSY ?????? 
ok , so I took the shelter collars off the girls today .. < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > have a home ... 
I HATE being sick .... 
gotta love that that half of second shift in the radiology department called in today because of food poisening ... at least now I know why I am sick ... Happy Tech Week to me 
so let me tell you ... having food poisening is proving to be one of the best diets I have ever been on ;o ( 
all the pussies are getting along , and even starting to play with each other ... thankfully we are back to having a happy household 
ok so I am done ... every time I try to bake it ends up a disaster ; it is either burnt , or raw in the middle , or just down right nasty ... see mom this is why you should have gotten me that Easy Bake Oven I asked for for Christmas when I was twelve 
< PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > are getting more affectionate by the day .... beginning to think they weren't loved where they came from ... < PROPFEMALE > and Cinnamon are taking to them quite well too ... Just gotta get < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > used to Cinnamon's aggressive style of play ;o ) 
so I had my tree up for less than 5 hours before one of the cats ate through the cord to the lights .... also my heat in my car went out while I was on my way to my parents ... if this is any indication of how this holiday is gonna be for me I am screwed 
hey mafia friends ... need wedding cakes and burners ... please click the links on my < PROPFEMALE > ;o ) 
I don't know which I hate more ... Comcast or Zynga 
so for the third time in about 10 days my internet it slower than a snail at a little after 8 ... I hate comcast 
I just really need a get-away .. Like I want to hibernate for about a month , no work , no drama , no stress , just sleep and peace 
now normally I love the smell of gasoline ... but I am kind of opposed to it on me after snow blowing the driveway ... hmmm off to take a shower . so fresh and so clean clean 
ok so seriously ... Farmville needs to release the coin 28x28 upgrade ... my farm looks like it is from an episode of horders 
off to work I go ... now lets set some ground rules people ; no shooting each other because < PROPFEMALE > didn't give you what you wanted , don't stab your girlfriends cause you caught her kissing < PROPFEMALE > Claus , no driving like assholes , and just because you don't believe in Christmas doesn't mean you should come to the ER today because you have had a cough for a month ... THANKS 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all , and to all a goodnight 
Just bought the tickets to see < PROPFEMALE > in Vegas ... Life is Good 
2 weeks til I leave for Vegas .... if doesn't snow there right ? 
In approximately 72 hours I will be watching < PROPFEMALE > in Vegas !!!!!!!! Life is good 
Vegas here I come ;o ) 
so after night 1 in Vegas I am up about $50 better than being down ;o ) Will be at < PROPFEMALE > is approx 7 hours HOLLA 
< PROPFEMALE > is my GOD !!!!! the show was phenomenal , makes up for the fact that I was up $300 and managed to lose it all ;o ( at least I am at the break even point at the moment 
Lucky luck was quite the fickle bitch to me today .,.. so much for being up lets pray tomorrow is a better day for me 
so after all is said and done .... I lost about $400 in Vegas ;o ( who wants to be my sugar daddy ?? I'll even take a sugar mommy , just no sex .. he he 
hot chocolate and Baileys ... YUM 
panko coated sesame turkey tenderloin , over mashed sweet potatoes , with some nice red wine for dinner ... it was delicious , and I must say I am quite proud of myself for making it ;o ) 
I would much rather the people at Farmville get off their asses and release the farm expansion , and worry less about bringing Farmville to another country or coming up with hybrid seeds .... just a thought 
just got home from seeing Black Swan .... talk about a mind fuck 
so do you need to have a doctor's note if you want to check yourself into the psych < PROPMALE > for a little R&R ?? 
I am beginning to think it is time to restructure my life again ... 
I LOVE LOVE LOVE the new < PROPFEMALE > Spears video for Hold It Against Me 
Depression is not a sign of weakness , it is a sign that you have been trying to be strong for too long . Put this as your status if you know someone who has or has had depression . Will you do it , and leave it on your status for at least an hour ? Most people won't , but it's mental health week and 1 in 3 of us will suffer at some point in our lives . Show your support . I copied and pasted , will you ? 
my head hurts ;o ( 
so I went to the grocery store planning on buying about $50 or so in groceries and somehow managed to walk out of there spending $130 what the hell 
nothing like homemade turkey chili on a cold and shitty day yum ... 
just watched Paranormal Activity 2 ... started off pretty slow , but wholly shit did it get scary 
guess I am gonna try to head to bed .... damn you daylight savings time 
I really hate being sick ;o ( 
ok so here is how it is ... I can be an incredible friend or the biggest bitch you have ever seen .... so if you think I am a bitch you obviously did something to cross me , and I revel making stupid people cry . you have been warned ;o ) 
I LOVE thunderstorms ;o ) 
ok so what the hell is the point of having 2 farm on Farmville if you can't use them both ??? Lame Zynga , really lame 
sticks and stones may break my bones .... but chains and whips excite me ;o ) 
