Looking forward to seeing < PROPFIRST > tommorrow . =) dang im lucky 

i like poop\ 
in my mouth 
Ok well that was my friends post . I am just now getting on facebook . So someone message me . =) 
School all day long tommorrow . Lol give me a text . 
Just got back from the Y . ITs cold and a snowin away . =) Next fight coming up in like 4 weeks !! 
Playin SSX Tricky with my girl and my dad . Snow days are always awesome ! 
Looks like i gotta skip out on some classes today . Headed to pick up my little snow tank from the shop in Crab Orchard . Gimmie a text if ya want . 304-578-7962 
Got some industrial strength windshield wipers ....... wow .... so thats what cars look like . 0_0 
Whats uuuupppp my mother from anotha ........ wait ....... something is not right here . 0 . o 
ok .... truth be told .... i dont really dwell much on what ppl think of me whether im mean ... nice .... violent ... peaceful .... rude .... chauvanist .... sexist .... respectful . But im just wondering what people think of me now as opposed to what they used to think of me ... give me some feedback . 
TONIGHT !!!! WE DINE !!!! IN ........... either mcdonalds or maybe hardees ? 0 . o 
ahh what a day . Woke up too late and found light spots in my room . They were spots where my wall had come undone from my ceiling .... and so now i gotta caulk them . lol 
Shew long day .... well church and the the ymca tomorrow .... weights anyone ?? 
No one text me for awhile . i cant find my phone anywhere . 
A lady found my phone at the STANAFORD BP GAS STATION . I had alredy called there and they said they did not see it .... so dont trust the ppeople who work at the BP beside < PROPMALE > high school .... they are about worthless . But now u can text me . =) 
Headed to ohio today . Be back the 27th . Text me if ya want . 304-578-7962 . < PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS !! =) Thats right i put the CHRIST right in that mas !! Instead of being a stinking politically correct wuss cake and putting XMAS instead . ITS CHRIST CHRIST CHRISTMAS !!!!! 
I am switching to Virgin Mobile so i dont have a phone . If u need to contact me call me at 304-256-5948 or just message me on here . 
Still PHoneless for a little while . Should have one this week . 
Still no phone hopefully later in the week tho . 
My cousin < PROPFEMALE > is letting me have her phone for the rest of my service year so ill have service tomorrow . 
Rough and rowdy brawl tonight . Wish me luck ! ^_^ 
First round down . 5 or 6 more to go . Wish me luck . and my < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > oaks . he is doing his first pro fights tomorrow too . 
Shew ! Guess i coulda done better on that one !! Well anyways beckley is march 25th ..... come watch 
Woman are a species of person that I will never ...... even hope ........ to understand . 0_0 
Looking for a few extra sparring partners for tuesdays and wednesdays at 7 . Got a place and some equipmen ... just bring yourself . text me : 304-578-7962 
AWESOME !!! Finally my training pays off !! Middle heavy weight champion of the WELCH Rough and Rowdy Brawl . ELI ..... THE NIGHTMAAAAAAARRREEE ..... SMITH !!!! 
Feeling better than i thought I would about this . =) 
Won the welch rough and rowdy two weeks ago and now the beckley tough man ...... FINALLY I CAN TAKE THIS HEAD GEAR OFF AND FIGHT A PRO BOUT !!! Jesus was definately with me tonight =) 
Iv got a sports ATV and about a $1000 to use buying a street legal motorcycle . Any one selling one ? Ill be happy to take a look . 
looking to buy a street legal motorcycle and sell my ATV . ANy deals ? 
Lifting the ol legs today ..... ugh .... a weight lifters nightmare 
Phone is receiving texts but not sending them . So if you text ill probably have to call . lol 
The phone is working again . Just had to turn it off and back on . lol duh ! 
Boxing got cancelled tonight . And the april 30th fight got moved to june the 25th !! GAH !!! =( 
just did a work out on \Jacked\ " and it was friggen AWESOME !!!! " 
