Happy New Year ! 

I am in Florida just soaking up the nice weather 
Hi All , I am at the Best Budget Inn in Joliet , IL . Trucks been broke since Mon . It has been rough just sitting around the repair place but they brought us to this place last night . I got to do my laundry and watch tv . McD's is the only choice for foo 
Enjoying my hometime and my new laptop . Getting ready to go get icecream with the Ritters . 
If what you believe is true why worry about it if someone questions it ? If what you believe is false would you not want to be told the truth ? When an Atheist confronts me and argues that their is No God why should that concern me or offend me ? I know that 
Happy Birthday < PROPFEMALE > 
Anyone use webcams My computer came with skype dose anyone else have that ? 
I leave tomorrow I talked with my new trainer and I asked him if he likes to eat he said yes . I also asked if he likes having fun he also said yes . So far so good . Very excited to be leaving tomorrow afternoon . 
Good news I get to leave this afternoon sometime around 3-6 oclock this aftternoon to start training . I will be on with another dedicated route hauling product for perdue farms . They haul chickens . Looks like my training will be fun . My new trainer is a Christian who dose not smoke and he is 60 yrs old . So answered prayer on this account praise the Lord . 
I drove today in New York I had a blast . Friendly advise to all moterist when getting on the highway it is alright to hit the gas peddle . I was coming down the highway I see a car coming I slow down to let them in and they stop . So I had to slow way down and everyone is honking at me . I am thinking I am not the person who is getting on the highway just to stop in the middle of it . 
Needless to say we have a new saying instead of getting angry we just say we will pray for that person . 
Hi everyone everything is going ok I miss home but I am toughing it out . I have been driving for awhile and I feel confident . I miss all of you and I look forward to seeing everyone in person someday . Untill we meet again have fun and be happy ! 
I just got done listening to Pastor < PROPMALE>'s Sermon on Fearing God and I was convicted . Check it out on biblebaptistfairfield.com it will truly change your attitude about your relationship with God . 
I was just curious how many people use my space orother net works like facebook . I just set a profile on my space and was looking to add people on here over their if interested thanks . 
I was reading in the bible about honering your elders which I agree with by the way . My question to everyone to comment on is if elders are rude or inconsiderate do the younger have the right to tell them so . I always think about this when I see a child talking and we as adults interupt them . Are we not teaching our children to be rude as long as your a certain age ? 
I am starting a new shift they want me to get some night time practice in so now I will be driving at midnight hours while everyone is asleep . I have around 220 hours in so I am almost done training . 
A Christian Radio station is talking about the possibilities of our government taking away our freedoms . I was listening to this and I thought yea they could . Then I thought bring it on ! Every time someone has tried to take freedoms away it has only helped the promotion of freedom . For Americans to lose their freedom the government would first have to march in to every americans homes and take their guns . 
I see it one day happening but I also see the fight of americans provailing for as for me I say as our forefathers who fought before us in ww2 and all the way back \Give me < PROPFEMALE > or give me death . \ " I do believe their are still a lot of americans who would rather die then to lay down to any oppresor of freedoms whether it be here at home or any where in the world . " 
The bible is our guide for right and wrong moral and unmoral ! We say we believe the bible and claim to be Christians so why do we get upset when the bible says somethin we disagree with ? We use terms like that is how you interpret it to get around the clear teaching and language of scriptures . Scriptures are very plain and very simple to follow we just don't like what it says ! You want to find the truth ? 
Truth is not what most people want they want the Pastor to tell them a feel good story and tell them how to < PROPFEMALE > a good life ! Let me ask you which Pastor would you rather have when standing before an almighty powerful God ? A Pastor who told the truth or one that made you feel good about your life ? I will tell you the truth and many pastors will tell you the truth . Look toward the scriptures . 
Put churches and Pastors on a watch and scrutinize them with the scriptures a true man of God welcomes their preaching to be tested by the Word of God he welcomes people to question his preaching and teaching by the word of God ! False teachers will not allow their teaching to be confronted by the Word of God . 
I just got out of New Jersey and I am in Pensylvania I am having alot of fun ! This is the best job ever ! It has come to my attention that I have offended some people on here by posting quizes on here ! The what kind of old person quiz I honestly just thought it was funny . The other one about women being allowed to breastfeed in public , 
The women being allowed to breastfeed I was looking at the baby that was the whole point of the question . People don't want women breastfeeding in public . I really think it is a woman's decision . I was just supporting womens rights . I still stand by my views woman have the right to feed their babies . 
Well I am back in New Jersey just waiting to get a door to be unloaded I am closing in on my hours needed for training so excitement is in the air ! 
Hello I am Home Right Now !!!!!!!!! I am officially a < PROPMALE > Truck driver ! Training is over and they let me come home for a few days , my home ! I had dinner with Mom and Dad at Big Boy . I am sitting on my recliner in my own living room , hurray !!!!!! 
Remembering 9/11 I am thankful for all the military who live 9/11 everyday in Iraq and all over the world . We have yet to be attacked again and that is outstanding great job Military ! 
BenGals messed up a good play 
< PROPFIRST > Leno is on Prime time tonight plus football foxnews what a I going to watch exciteing night tonight . 
Come On Buffalo upset the Patriots !!! 
Bills are blowing it 
Come On Bills !!!!!!!! 
Who dose your thinking for you ? Why do you do what you do ? Are you a follower or a leader ? I don't care who it is if you let someone else do your thinking for you you will be tossed to and fro . Have convictions in your life that are yours . 
If I did everything a church or preacher told me to do I would be broke , destitute , my family and friends would hate me and I would be of little value 
Point is search things out for yourselves believe it or do it because you want to . Knowledge is freedom . Try Jesus out put Him on Trial get all the dirt you can on him do your best and be honest . 
Jesus is not worried Christians are not worried so those of you who are skeptic think it is not true prove it . Prove Jesus is not who He said He was find something false in Scriptures . You only can point to what this Christian did or said which proves nothing . Jesus is the one you will face not any of us so prove through what Jesus Said and did and I say you will find Him to be True and Faithful . 
I am excited I will be back on the road once again will start driving around 7pm So Back to work Hip Hip Hurray !!!!!!! 
Well I successfully delivered two loads and I am happy . I am by myself driving till I pick up my partner who is on his home time . I will be by myself for a couple of days probably till Tuesday or Wend . I have been listening to my Pastor preach on cd's that he gave me . Pastor < PROPFIRST > Huff is an outstanding preacher ! 
It is raining hard here in Illinois I am still on my own but should be picking my teammate up today sometime after I get to my first destination . Having fun , but I miss everryone hope life is treating you kindly !!! 
Well good news I got my co driver < PROPMALE > on the truck but the bad news is that after his vacation the company dose not know who he is ! Funny you take a few days off and you don't excist ! Well we are sitting around waiting to go but we have to wait to be recognized as employees again . You couldn't dream this stuff up . 
This is like the movie where that guy works for the company and they keep moving him around not giving him a paycheck and they put him in the basement . 
Well I am currently working the night shift hours so sleep during the day work at night ! It is fun and I am having a blast ! I am \\" sleeping \"\"\"\" right now but I will be ready to roll when tonight comes ! Till next time on the Crazy < PROPFIRST>'s adventures in 18 wheeling !!! Ha ! Ha ! " 
Well still in Detroit with nothing to do but wait ! It rained real hard last night and now it is a little chillly out . Going to Humble Texas 
Drove all night stopped this morning very tired ! I am headed for Texas 
One question one answer you ask me a question any question and I will try to answer it ? I am following through with my cousins < PROPFEMALE>'s challenge ! 
Same rules put it in my in box and I will send it to your in box 
After taking the Cincinnati quiz I am flavoring for Gold < PROPFEMALE > or Skyline to bad I am away from home for awhile 
Well I am finally done with the Koals job 16 stops altogether in Texas ! I have a cool picture of a wreck but I am having trouble putting it on here ! 
I had an eventful day twice we passed by border patrol in Texas and I had to tell them I was a US citizen they had me open my drivers door so the dog could sniff inside ! I had my McDonalds and I was worried the dog would slobber all over my fries and burgers 
Only disapointment is that I didn't see any Texas Rangers I was really hoping to meet a Texas Ranger 
They have two flags down here an American Flag and A Texas Flag I thought that wass cool 
Have you ever wondered about the question , \What is on your mind . \ " What if your mind is blank and nothing is flowing through what do you say then . \ " Ha ! Ha ! " 
Destination change I am headed to Mount < PROPFEMALE > North < PROPFEMALE > never been there should be fun 
Who Dey 
Thanks for the prayers I was without power on this truck it is still a little weak but I am charging up my computer anyways , We are at a Budweiser distribution center and their are no bathrooms till they open for the truck drivers . I am up to 14% available power so I will see how much I can charge it . 
I am at a shop truck broke down in < PROPFEMALE > now I am waiting on a lounge chair watching tv . The Truck was shooting oil all over the place fun fun fun 
Anybody feel like chatting I am ! 
For those who go to church and are members what kind of member are you do you bring joy or misery , are you a help or a hinderence to God's work . Just something to ponder 
The Office funny show 
Well I am still here in < PROPFEMALE > getting my truck worked on hope to be leaving soon 
You ever wonder why people can be controled by one man in cults or religion , It is because people don't want to think for themselves , they don't want to be the outsider . I am glad their was people who challenge corrupt authority if their was not I would not be free today I would be under a dictator or some religious fanatic , I am proud that men and women spilt their blood so I could be free . 
He could go all the Way !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Ten . and < PROPFEMALE > football 
Funny I leave Cincinnati and the Bengals start winning mabey I should leave more often ! lol 
Funny I leave Cincinnati and the Bengals start winning hmmmm 
Well I am in Alabama having fun in the south ready to come home soon 
< PROPFEMALE > Strong is wanting to start a Coffee House ministry in < PROPMALE > and I am excited for this cause ! She needs money and a good start if you can help by letting her or me know how to start up a Non-profit organization so people can donate to this cause contact < PROPFEMALE > or me ! 
Going to sleep night everyone 
Well I am doing good just counting down the days till I get to see everyone again ! Hope everyone is having a good day ! 
< PROPFIRST > Farve still has it 
< PROPFIRST > Farve two touchdowns 
< PROPFEMALE > 14-Bal 0 
I am 29yrs old I surrendered to preach when I was 18yrs old at a youth conference . The other day I talked to a missionary lady and she inspired me . She was in her 60's or 70's and they were listening to me . It wasa good conversation but it made me think of your christian duty is never off . You must always stay on guard . 
I am in Ten , right now and enjoying a beutiful day 
What is an offering or a tithe ? Point being when I put my money or time or efforts to a cause mostly churches what is the point of wondering where it goes . I just feel I am giving it to God , God has put in leadership who he wants and it is not my job to worry what happens . 
Hello Everyone I am in Florida enjoying the sun 
For everyone who lives in < PROPMALE > Ohio what happened to Monks in < PROPMALE > I heard it closed its doors is this true ? 
I am now a solo driver and I am staying in my truck so life is great the other guy went solo as well . So it is just me and the highway now . 
Egg and cheese sandwich from Subway pretty good MMMMMM 
Well been a rough couple of days on my own , I had broken chain on my trailer and so P/G rejected the trailer , P/G send me to a place to get it fixed and the place is closed . I tell < PROPMALE > about it and ask if I can get it fixed I ask to go to a truck stop they said yes . 
Then I went to a Pilot and I ask them what they want me to do , they say thy need me to go to a < PROPFEMALE > so I get to this < PROPFEMALE > and I say I am here to get my chain fixed and they ask me what chain ? 
I am also suppposed to be off for six days and I ask them about that and they say we don't see a request for six days . I have been on the road for six weeks I am supposed to get six days off , Pray it works out . 
Griffins Country Diner Really good food and peaceful , free internet as well because there is a motel 6 and they pick it up . Tifton GA . 
I am at a Krogers Distribution Center and it is packed full of truckers . A black man and a white girl in her 20s came in and was propositioning all of us . She came to my truck and asked if I wanted company . I said NO !! It is real sad the depravity of sin . 
Battery died again was looking forward to seeing my Aunt and Uncle during my 34 Hr restart in < PROPFEMALE > Beach I am stuck here in Atlanta GA . The Problem I have been stressing for weeks now has finally come up to be an I told them so . At least I am in a safe spot . 
I have a load going into Cincinnati tomorrow so I should be home finally after six weeks out . 
This place is still loading me I got in at 7 am it is almost 1am outrages , be nice to truck drivers They get treated like they are less then human out here . 
1pm not am and still going 
This is ridiculous !!!! 
I am happy to get to be back in town for awhile and out of that truck woo hoo !!! 
Sad day in Texas , Mabey people will realize we are at war with a group of people who believe they do God service when they do evil . Our Military needs our prayers and to think a couple of weeks ago our good guys were taking orders from this sicko and would have been punished for saying anything against him . 
The more I hear of this case the angrier I get , warning sighns were all over about this guy and no one did anything about it . Praying for the innocent in Texas . 
I get tired of hearing excuses for this muderer who killed our soldiers in a cowardess fashion . He says he didn't want to fight in a war against his people . \ The last time I checked joining the U.S Military is volunteer . If you are against < PROPFEMALE > leave < PROPFEMALE > go be with your people and quit being a coward by hiding behind the freedoms < PROPFEMALE > has provided for you . " 
We got this sicko a Lawyer and he is getting medical treatment even amist evil < PROPFEMALE > takes care of you . I say get him cured let him have his trial and have the rope ready to < PROPFEMALE > him for a traitors death , Iraq had it right when they < PROPMALE > Suddam . We should follow their example . 
At The terminal in Ohio getting my truck looked over 
I am eating a Pizza from Pizza Hut and it is good !!!!!!!!!!!! 
So you go out to eat or get a delivery what do you tip ? Not that I don't know just thought it would be cool to get opinions . I like to go 15% . I usually give more if the work is harder and it was good service . 
Include Salons and any other work where you give tips for service as well , This can be fun to see the various opinions 
Of course there is a solution to the Guantanamo Bay problem , string every last one of them up on a rope and < PROPFEMALE > them ? Iraq got it right with Suddam H . Why can't we follow their path . 
If you could have the world and all that it offered but lost your soul in the process how would you have profited ? A Question to ponder that Jesus Christ asked 
They fixed my truck it is running good anserwed prayers . 
McDonald almost got a boycot from me when I walked up to their window to order they almost denied me service becaause I walked up . I told them I am an oer the road truck driver if you want I can take my 18 wheeler and pull a < PROPMALE > from < PROPMALE > of queens . 
A special early thank you to all of the Pastors and preachers who have made an influence on my life , Thank you < PROPFEMALE > Baptist College professors and youth Pastors throughout my life . You all have helped and shaped me into what I am today ! Thank you to all the ladies as well who have been an inflence in my life as well . 
I would name you all but the list would be an eternity and you know who you are ! 
I am ready for my Pumpkin Pie and a whole list of other foods for Thanksgiving !!! Oh Yea to see my family as well Haha !! Lol 
I am thankful to have made it home for Thanksgiving ! I am also thankful to be back at First Baptist Church in < PROPMALE > as I joined tonight once again ! 
Thanksgiving a time of family togetherness and good wholesome football action while stuffing my face with food Life couldn't get any better !! 
Shop Walmart you will keep me busy . 
I am in Big Springs , NE heading to San < PROPMALE > , CA . and it is starting to snow . 
Hey everyone it has been real busy lately and I am likeing it ! I will continue to try and take photoes and download them onto facebook ! Until I see something else real cool I will see everyone at Christmas 
December 7th a Day that we will never forget in History ! Thank You World War Veterens for your sacrifice we will never forget ! 
Well I am in Louisianna on my way to Texas boy time dose fly when you are rolling !!! 
The Fog is thick in Louisiana so we are pulled over at a Pilot till it clears up 
Less than a week till Christmas break hurray 
Hoping to be home for Christmas stuck in Kentucky wanting to be home for Christmas . They sure keep every last drop they can get out of you Pray I get home for Christmas . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas Everyone 
Getting ready for another Christmas Party it seems t goes fast every year 
WIN AND YOUR IN BENGALS 
Who Dey ! Who Dey ! Who Dey Think gonna beat them Bengals , Where do they play , in the Jungle , Afraid of Nooooooooo Body !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
It is snowing 
Touchdown 
Defence make your playoff stand 
Going out to have some fun till I head out on the road again !!!! 
09 ment taking a lot of chances which has improved my life I am happy I took chances . I am also thankful for all the family and friend support i my life . I am seeing things I would not have seen had I not gone to school to earn my class A cdl . 
snow is coming down hard here in CHARLTON , < PROPFEMALE > HOPEFULY WE make it out before we get stuck in it ! 
Happy New Year to all my friends and family !!! 
We will be having a meeting next Sunday Morning down stairs starting a new class we have not yet discussed a name or anything yet . It is for Guys and Girls 16-Young Adults/Marrieds we will discuss more details on Sunday at First Baptist < PROPMALE > . 
Sunday School hour we will meet where the kids do the pledges and sing it will start after that . 
Well I am on here early in the morning looks like everyone is still asleep !! 
\Be Ye Kind to one Another\ " I am working on a Sermon for future use but it has moved me to ask \ " Are people getting more rude and unkind today ? For instance what is the point of people who got to comment about peoples weight especially in Children . Especially for girls people got to comment . " 
I have noticed this especially true amongst so called \Christians\ " We wonder why our children are messed up well ask your self do you constantly give backhanded comments to kids by comparing one sibling to the next . Boys will hold it in because they are taught to not show emotion till one day it boils into explosition . Girls will cry and sometimes hold it in . " 
What is your point I ask people that when they decide it is their right to be rude . Anymore I don't care how old they are . I confront them wheather they are 100 or 5 . Being old dose not give you the right to be rude . Being young dose not give you the right to be rude . I get tired of hearing the excuse well they are old so give them a pass . 
As for me there are going to be no more passes given my New Years Resolution is not tolerating rudeness ! 
In Florida headed to Miami ! 
Religion a touchy topic because feelings are involved . I wonder would you rather be told the truth here on earth by God's people or be told why didn't you listen to them in heaven at the Great White Throne Judgment by God ! 
My point is we get wrapped up in making people feel good we lose site of what true love is , it is truth . Truth can take criticism , truth can take rejection , truth can take whatever you bring to it because truth never changes . We can get hateful with truth and say it in a mean way ! 
I think that is more the issue is we must show love before we can prepare someone to hear the truth ! How are you showing love in your witness > It is not as easy to do because we don't always feel loving . 
I just got a new metal deck at my house looks good another project complete ! 
I went to Green Bay Wisconson , from there Pensylvania , and then I get to go back to my favorite state California . I am excited keep it coming < PROPMALE > !!!! 
I was in < PROPFEMALE > and I was making a sharp righthand turn and i had I car completely across the big white line . So i had to make them all back up . Then I noticed in my blind side mirror a parked car was there . So I got out to check and I knew I was not going to clear it . 
I got out of the truck stopped traffic to see whose car was parked in that spot I needed them to move up a few no big deal . This Lady comes out \You don't have enough room being all angry and stuff because I made her move her car . I thought I was being nice by being safe then sorry . How many of you would mind if a truck driver had you move your car up to avoid hitting it ? " 
Needless to say she moved her car , and now we are rolling to Indy then to California ! 
We just entered Oklahoma bound for California ! 
Leaving California heading for Illinois just sitting back and enjoying the ride ! 
Americans are smarter then we are given credit for stop Obama care ! You better deliver Republicans and wipe out that outrageous Health care plan ! 
I was going to write something deep but my mind is a blank . I guess I am having a blonde moment dose any one have a deep thought or is your mind a blank too . Having a blank mind could be contagous . 
Colts and the Saints should be a good game go COLTS !!!!!!!! 
Acording to Fox News Website Facebook is going to be a huge target of Phishing through the disaster in the Tsunami . So Warning be careful what you click on in your e-mail and facebook . Check out this story at foxnews.com 
Snow , Ice , Sleet I am in the Eye of the storm but I am safe and stopped at a < PROPFEMALE > 
My company wanted to know when I would be able to deliver my load and I told them depends when they reopen the Highway 
I did not get a response yet 
God created Man and Woman that was God's plan . Just be honest with everyone and say you chose this lifestyle because you want that lifestyle God did not make any one that way . 
Sunday Worship are you ready to receive a messagee from God ? The choice is always your choice . It can go in one ear and out the other or our attitude can be I am excited to hear the new message that my < PROPMALE > of < PROPMALE > s has sent to me and I am ready to obey His Command ! 
Just leaving < PROP < PROPFEMALE > MALE > < PROPFEMALE > California , I dont want to leave it is beutiful 
I was watching Fox News today while eating lunch and I heard a devastating story about a teen age girl who shot herself because she had enough of being bullied . Well there is no saving this girl now but if your being bullied remember the bullies are cowards . 
When I was growing up and even today you will run into rude people who think they have a right to be rude and bully you . If you stand up to them they will leave you alone most of the time . The other time you may lose or win but you knock a few teeth out most of them wont come back for more . 
In more serious cases though you may have to go to authorities and hopefully they will knock a few teeth in for you if the people of authority are of any count . 
I have just entered Texas . It is supposed to be nice and warm . I am going deep south El Paso . 
Well I want to encourage those of you who are going through difficult times right now . I am Praying for you and your battles you are facing . 
Great Job Colts you gave it your all you will get them nexy year ! Good job Saints your the champs ! 
I am in the east coast part of the country then I will be heading to < PROPFEMALE > . WHo HOO ! 
Still in Jersey had to do a lot of \being the responsible ones\ " Which brings up a point the right thing to do is not always easy . Even if the more powerful go against you if your right stick to your convictions . We were complimented by the people who helped us because we did what was right not what the more powerful wanted . " 
Hoping the roads clear up so I can deliver in < PROPMALE > , Ohio . 
Home sweet Home I am happy to be Back Home !!!! I got a new look at Salon Uruku and I had fun Playing basketball tonight with my Nieces . If Any one wants to do anything this week my schedule is free . 
I heard a great sermon tonight about Love ! Our culture has a wrong idea about love . When someone dose something nice or has a kind word we distrust because someone used kindness to manipulate . True love is kind , gentle and unselfish . There are different levels of love as well . 
For those whom you are friends with you demonstrate kindness , you care deeply about your friends and you want to see them succeed in everthing they want to accomplish . Then there are your inner circle friends and they are the friends whom you struggle with the most because you been through things together to make that friendship stronger . 
Then there is that best friend the one you can have the worst fight with and you are best friends the next day . Why would the best friends fight the worst because they know you the best . They know what you are thinking what upsets you and you both struggle and disagree but in the end you get out of the storm and you look back and say I am closer because we went through that together . 
What is my point , if you are struggling tonight with a loved one don't give up because it is hard bridge that gap and you be the one that fights to keep that relationship together . It is true friends that are willing to still be your friend when it is tough to be your friend . 
It would be cool to have a fast forward , rewind , pause , and slow motion button on life . To skip the boring or bad parts , slow mode all the good points and so on . Life is going to fast . I guess that means I am having fun . 
To be a good witness does not mean you yell , call people names or act better then someone who has not witnessed what you have . It simply means you tell what you have experienced . Yelling or argueing dose not help your cause . Consistency is the biggest thing in Witnessing . You can't do anything about the message being a turn off but you can do something about your delivery ! 
Well I am in a hotel so all is well ! It looks like a clutch issue because the rpm's were going up and down real crazy . Whatever it is I hope it gets fixed and we can keep our load . That was my first emergency stop for real hopefully it will be my last . If you see someone broke down move over or slow down . There were some that were flying right by me as I was placing my triangles out ! 
Well we did lose the load but we are getting our clutch fixed . We will be in a hotel 6 for the weekend . Looking like Monday . We will not get to go to Oregon unless another load is going there . All is well with us we are safe in a hotel relaxing . 
We ordered a Pizza I can't wait to sink my teath into some meat lovers Pizza ! MMMM 
Well this is my last month living in my 20's and I had a blast . If you would have told me when I was 18 that I would be an over the road truckdriver I would have laughed . I surrendered to the ministry when I was 18 it has not gone the way I thought it would . 
Not in a negative way but a positive one . I have seen things ministry speaking I hope by God's Grace I never make the same mistake . The politics in ministry is one thing I truly wish to change as well as the attitudes . I have also learned that as much as I want to inside I can't change the World but I can change my world . 
I have learned one thing is to stick to your convictions even when others tell you you don't know what your getting into . I have seen both good churches and bad , good ministers , and bad , and so on . I do know this a good church or pastor is not afraid to be confronted for what they believe because they stand on \THe Solid Rock of Jesus Christ\ " Where the bad stands on sand that crumbles when a storm comes it's way . " 
The one thing I am sure of I will not change my convictions , my personality or anything about me to get a \Church job\ " My convictions I can back up with scripture . If there are faithful Ministers we should stick up for them . Faithful churches we should stick up for them . Even if you don't God will for He sees all and will reward accordingly ! " 
Back to California once again 
We just got in California , < PROPFIRST > will e taking us in the rest of the way . Should be around 4hrs left till we get to our destination and hopefully with no delays we will be heading to < PROPFEMALE > . 
I was eating today at the Petro Truck stop and I witnessed an act of kindness . Four guys from the military , I am not sure which of the four gentlemen , payed for this older gentlemens lunch . Go Military !! 
The truck is in good shape we got out of the terminal and we are at a Flying J truck stop . I am real tired so I am heading to bed . We will be in Illinois in the morning . 
NCAA I have never picked right it , it is always crazy how it works out but I love March Madness !!! 
I have 8 months experience now driving over the road where has the time gone ! More opporunities will await for me once I get my year in I am hopeing to be home more so pray that I will get that ! 
We are now leaving the south and heading to Ohio . Zanesville to be exact . There is a $ store we are delivering to fun , fun fun . 
Obama care no one likes no one wants it what dose our government officials do shove it down our throats anyways !! Hmmm isn't that what dictators do to get there way . 
The time is set in motion for everything that the bible predicted is coming to pass ! Read it and be ready for the governments control is only as far as Jesus Christ allows it to be . The stage is being set for the world's hero the Anti-Christ to come . Now is the time to surender your life and put your trust in Jesus for He is < PROPMALE > of < PROPMALE > s and LORD of LORDS ! 
This is my final week of being in my 20's . I have accomplished a lot and will miss it . So what happens when you hit 30 . 30's in the spirit of the easter week is when Jesus started his earthly ministry and He accomplished a lot in 3yrs . He had a ministry that changed the world , was crucified , and He arose again from the grave . I can not wait to see Jesus when he comes in the clouds . 
Should be rolling into my hometime in a few hours I am happy to be headed home . 
Cincinnati Chili must go to Goldstar or Skyline to fulfill my cravings from being away from Cincy . 
Looks Like Duke will Be National Champs 
Thank you Everyone I had a wonderful birthday !!!!! 
Thank you everyone for all the birthday wishes this has been another great birthday !!! 
Opening day for baseball exciteing time of year 
Today was busy ! Headed to Michigan 
Westboro so called Baptist church . The guy is a wolve in sheeps clothing they are getting attention because they are propagating hate and other nonsence . My advise ignore them by praying to The LORD Jesus Christ to intervene . Save the innocent children who are getting brainwashed . The true God will intervene in His Timeing and in His way . 
Headed back to Texas Lerado to be exact . I think I am starting to repeat places I almost now Texas as well as my own home town . 
Jacksonville Florida really hot down here 94 degrees waiting on my next assighnment . 
Just got done watching \THE GREAT RAID\ " it is about the greatest rescue mission in military history . We must never forget the past the good or the bad but must learn from both . " 
Westboro Baptist church : Just a final thought on how influencial people are to be persuaded to hate without question or to believe without question . Why have we been so sheltered as to never question what a church or system of beliefs is right or wrong . Why a so called man of God cannot be questioned or challenged . 
The truth is never afraid to be challenged Jesus always told the truth even when it offended someone mainly religious leaders of his day . So if someone told you and proved to you what you were taught to believe was not true or this group was false would it change your thoughts or would you feel obligated to follow even when all facts prove that what you believe is wrong ? 
Getting tired of spam mail on facebook isn't there anyone in charge who can help get rid of it . I am not affected just getting tired of deleating it . 
Another short trip , headed to < PROPFEMALE > from Ny I almost have a year experience under my belt . 
Headed to IA from NY Finally a decent load ! 
I read that a a guy held a woman at knife point and a man saved her life in New York city only to be left for dead as onlookers walked right on by . What is wrong with New York of all the city's they should know what it feels like to be attacked by thugs ! It is on the aol news if you want to read it . 
We are nearing that time to once again be home I can't wait ! 
OH where oh where could my load be , know one seems to know . ( This is my mood right now singing this in my head . ) Got to the pickup spot and our load is not there and the people who are in charge don't know why ? 
This has cost me at least two days of sitting !!! I better be home in time !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
< PROPMALE > Grahm gets disinvited by the White house to do the Prayer ? That is like getting the biggest compliment on the face of the earth . Another great job < PROPMALE > for having some convictions and standing true to your convictions . 
Mixed feelings on Arizona law on one hand I see what they want to do is stop Illegal immigration . I don't like that it will be profileing a certain race . There is a better way put the military on our borders and a huge < PROPFEMALE > wire fence . It seems to work for Prisons . 
First Offence send them back , second offence give them the death penalty . I am all for Legal immigration everyone can come that way and so is practically the whole country of USA citizens . 
As far as all the riots going on all your doing is proving Arizona's point that the border must be sealed . 
Still in Ohio Headed for Illinois 
I can't wait to be home ! It will be sometime today and I get my haircut at Salon Uruku ! They got great deals if you need a place to relax . 
It is Mothers day , I am happy I have a Mother who has strong convictions and raised me to have good morals . I am also thankful for her part in leading me to Christ when I was a child . I am Thankful I don't know what it is like to not be a Christian . She was and is my Mom but now she is more like a best friend as well and I like hanging out with her . 
I love you MOM ! 
Happy Mothers day to my Big Sister < PROPFEMALE > Your an Awesome Mom and a great Sister ! Thanks for always being there and for being a great Mom ! You have raised two outstanding wonderful little girls < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > and I am proud to be their uncle and your brother ! Happy Mothers day and I love you Big Sister ! 
It was an eventful day driving in the east coast I was in New Jersey , New York , < PROPFEMALE > , and ended up at the rest area in < PROPFEMALE > . It was stop and go pretty much my whole trip . I had some satisfaction in < PROPFEMALE > though as it is against the law to drive in the emergency < PROPFIRST > . 
A guy thinking he was better then everyone else drove in the emergency < PROPFIRST > and I saw him pulled over by a police officer just as traffic started picking up speed . 
Hey I am back was not able to get on the internet yesterday or today till I ran my Norton Ant-Virus scan and I had at least two viruses and it was fixed . I don't know how I got them or why they caused me to be unable to get on the internet but it is fixed now . 
My Norton is still running I guess I am ok now since I am back online . 
I cant wait to get home again ! I am in Wisconson at a < PROPFEMALE > relaxing our appointment is not till 2am at Con-Way Freight . We will be taking it to Huntington < PROPFEMALE > to another Con-Way location . 
I thank all of our soldiers who have fought for our country and are currently fighting it is because of your sacrifice that I can currently be free . God Bless the USA . 
I had a lot of fun with everyone this weekend thanks for a great hometime ! 
I did a stupid thing and hit the wrong button on my internet icon and erased the whole internet . Thankfully I am at a < PROPFEMALE > where a Verizon store was available and they got me back on for $5 . I am happy my stupidity only cost that much this time ! 
Pray for < PROPFIRST > and I we are going to a rough part of Atlanta tonight I was there early in my career by myself and all the \Village People\ " came out hopefully Krogers has cleaned up the streets by now with extra security . They make you park on the street which brings all the low lifes out . " 
I am getting ready to watch some 24 and then go to bed . I am on my wat to Sparks < PROPFEMALE > . I am just happy I dont have to go to California ready for a different state like Oregon , Washington State , or Idaho . If I hit those I can say I have been to every state in the west . 
50+miles an hour winds here in Wyoming I am sitting in my truck getting ready for sleep and it feels like God is going to be rocking me to sleep with the wind . 
Hey everyone I am headed to Atlanta Ga it sure is hot over here I cant wait to get home so I can get in the water again !! 
Going through the south time sure is flying by !!! I guess I am having fun . 
Headed to Minnisota tomorrow today I get to relax and do nothing . 
Getting Live unloaded this is my most boring part of my job sitting getting loaded or unloaded I think they are done going in to check . 
Home sweet home I am happy to be home ! 
Join Secure the Border and support Arizona in their fight to secure their border . 
8-6 Reds Win Again !!! 
Yet another day at the Maintenance shop getting a light fixed on the truck . This should had been done weeks ago . Taillight gets fixed and then two or three weeks later it goes out again on the drivers side on the truck . 
US Government sues Arizona over their new law If the government would had done their job years ago and built a wall across our border Arizona wouldn't have to have laws . 
Two Illegals rape a teenage girl in Texas check it out on foxnews.com The problem with our judicial system is we have a bunch of cowards running it . Since these guys are not US citizens they should be executed on the spot . Our prisons getting to full lets bring back the executions in a speedy way for Known Violent Criminals . 
Archaeologists have discovered an ancient ship buried underneath ground zero . The ship was made of wood . 
I am in New York and New Jersey driving and have been in the northeast all week . I am happy to be finally leaving . I need some easy days to recover from city driving . I am heading to Illinois . 
I am but weeks away from having my Year experience being an Over The Road truck driver and then I will have more options . This year is going fast September is when my official year is up . Many choices will need to be made . 
Option one : Stay over the road but go for the money . Option TWO : look for a dedicated driving position job : Option three : Be a Local Driver Option Four : Stay where I am at doing the same job : Option Five : Perhaps Ministry Mission work in Hawaii or Alaska or who knows where God will take me I have never lost focus on ministry . 
I am about to be a free agent in life September will be the official month I can do whatever I want . It will be a huge decision for me because it will set course the rest of my life at least that is how I am looking at it . 
Just entered Texas , I like Texas it is like a home away from home . 
Starting to rain hard here in Texas my truck is rocking back and forth 
I am still in Laredo Texas at the terminal . It never fails that every time we are at a terminal we are stuck here for at least a day or so . 
Defence department is singled out in a child porn sting check it out on foxnews.com . What are our leaders doing ? Is there not a true leader in our country who has integrity , morals , and a backbone to clean house ? 
The economic downfall is very similar to the spiritual downfall we see in the USA . If we want to be great once again we must humble ourselves , seek Jesus Christs will in our lives , and forsake our sins . We want God to bless us but we dont want to do what He asks . That is why we as a country are hurting . 
In North < PROPFEMALE > waiting to get unloaded went through a good rain but I was sleeping and it woke me up . It was perfwct timeing though so I guess i can get rid of my Alarm clock and ask God to wake me up each morning that would be interesting . 
Well It has been fun being on the road glad to be spending time with my family for awhile till my next load needs to be delivered . 
Corruption and no serious Leadership once again is the problem with this country . Everyone is out for themselves say what they need put on a fake fight on the Media then do what you want the rest of the time . Servant Leadership -Perhaps a few lessons of What DID Jesus Do and actually doing it might actually be the answer to our countrys problems . 
I could be wrong but I do believe Jesus was hardest on those who were Leaders . He took a whip and removed physically corruption within the church house . He over turned money tables and said God's House will not be used for a den of thieves . He told the most powerful man on earth that He had no Power at all except that which He gave him . 
We all can be leaders by serving as Jesus did one soul at a time as the Holy Spirit leads His Children . Will you be a leader in your world leading one person at a time ? 
Who Dey ! Who Dey ! Football season just around the corner Will T.O be the key to get Cincy back in Playoffs . Will T.O and < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > be able to control their egos when one gets more balls passed to them than the other . Should be fun to watch though !!!! 
Headed to Strickers Grove should be exciteing a lot of my friends will be there ! I can not wait to get there tonight !! WHOOO HOOOO !!!!!!!!!! 
Donut Sunday at our church tomorrow I know this isnt Spiritual it is my favorite Sunday of the month . Glazed donuts and Creamy Vanilla filled Donuts are calling my name . Or I think the Strawberry filling ones . Who am I kidding they are all calling my name . 
Young Men being called in the ministry was the theme today for prayer day ? Hmm I just want to know why we need more young men in the ministry when we do nothing with them in our churches today . When we see corruption and call it what it is we get told to pick our battles . 
We allow the church to rule over pastor ? I thought God called Shepards to lead his flock not get lead . Churches seem to be able to have their opinion only when it is convenient to have one . I am so glad that Jesus and the Apostles did not worry about offending anyone when it was time to get rid of corruption . 
I am happy to have been influenced in my life with good ministers who are still strong today . If your in youth ministry I thank you for your service because you invested in our lives instead of complaining about us . We watch and wish to one day be as Godly as you have been in your ministry . The only way we can be is if you train and pass the torch . 
Ministers you do train us because we watch and learn . We see how it is done through what you do right as well as wrong . We know you are human but yet we see your influence for good . God will train young men to preach weather you do it or not but wouldn't it be nice for you to be used by God in training and lifting up of Godly Young Men ? 
Watch Ice Road Truckers they are pushing each other up and down the ice road using three trucks it is crazy !!! 
Well back to work what my Dad and I call the real world . I like having a job A neighbor of my grandparents worked for Cinergy I believe but he got laid off and is looking for work . If your out of work dont give up . I know right now Trucking companies are begging for workers if you are willing to give up home life for a year . Napier Truck driving School is off of route 4 . $4000 to go 
Companies pay you that money back for agreeing to work for them . It isn't easy but it is worth it once you get your CDL . Any ways I am praying that Americans can get back to work . 
A lot of sadness across < PROPFEMALE > as the biggest workplace shooting happened in Conneticut . A man walks in to his workplace and goes on a shooting rampage . Other equal sadness a liberal judge allows same sex marriage in California against voters wishes . 
Which brings me to my point Judgment begins at the house of God . More importantly in our leaders of our churches . If you have a Godly Pastor who is faithfully serving leave them alone to do Gods work with joy . If there not faithful get rid of them . 
If you have good members encourage and bless them . If there trouble makers and sewing discord get rid of them it is that simple . Of course I know it is not but if we want to influence our country you must first change your house . 
If you are from California dont worry so much about this judge God knows you dont want this garbage of Sodomites being legalized . It should be interesting to see how God deals with leaders in our country . 
The church does God's will because Christ gave his life for them , not because they are forced to do his will . We love Him because He first loved us . 
A man wanted his wife to be forced to do things for him ( putting it delicately ) under a Sharia law stating a wife should submit to her husband . First of all submitting has nothing to do with force . Jesus submitted to His Father's will because of his love for His Father . 
Road tips from a truck driver : A few observations I have seen across the country in mistakes on the road . First getting on and off exits please speed up when getting on a highway and dont slow down till you are actually on the ramp . Next tip : Turn on your lights when it is raining so we can see you . 
If you are going slower than the speed limit for any reason turn on your hazards so people know your going slow . Red lights and stops sighns that huge white line you are supposed to stop before it , Trucks WILL make you back up and dont give them dirty looks your the one who messed up . 
When a truck is stopped in the middle of a street they are backing into a dock we will get out of your way faster if we dont < PROPFEMALE > to worry about me first people . Traffic Jams will not be traffic jams if you read the sighns that say left or right turn ending get over to the correct < PROPFIRST > . 
Dont be a choo choo train in driving leave space . Speaking of space when passing a truck when you see my headlights in your mirror it is ok to pass . If you see a car truck or emergency vehicle on the side of the road get in the other < PROPFIRST > or slow down . 
Trucks with wide or oversized loads cannot go directly under a red light so they will be makeing wider turns than normal . Thats it for now those are the < PROPMALE > mistakes I see on the road . 
< PROPMALE > Gospel music awesome !!! I found a couple Cd's at a truck stop been be bopping down the Highway . 
I got more < PROPMALE > I loved the ones I got so I got Two more Cds here at the < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Well another busy day I am headed for Omaha Neb . In a few more weeks I will have a year experience in driving . It has been a fun year . I hope to get a job that alllows me to be home more so I can get back to Ministering and being in church again . 
I miss Pastor Wolfe's preaching and < PROPMALE>'s teaching every week I always learn a lot thanks for being faithful . I miss seeing all my friends at church . The fun we have just joking and talking . I also miss the home cooked meals I get from church , granny , Mom , sisters , and anyone else . Just pray that it will work out as God sees fit . 
They want to build a mosqu on the 9/11 ground zero site hmm these people are sick for just asking . Do we not have a President with a little ounce of dignity . Hey stupid while your at it go ahead and build a statue of Hitler and a swastika and send it to < PROPMALE > you Moron . Here is what you put there a Memorial of 9/11 victims and rescue history . Like we have at < PROPFEMALE > Harbor and Gettysburg . 
Hey When your done with your apology tours , and golf outings , vacation outings , go get a video from 9/11 watch it and remember how friendly these sickos are . Mabey that will rekindle the fight to get Justice for the 9/11 victims . 
There is no other way to Heaven except through repenting of your sins and believing that Jesus Died , was buried , and He arose from the grave . Death , Burial , Resurrection < PROPFIRST > 3:16 For God so Loved the World that He gave His only begotton Son , That whosoever believeth in Him Shall not Perish but shall Have Everlasting Life . 
Old Testament God Versus New Testament God : First of all they were both the same . Jesus Christ is the same Yesterday , Today , Forever . \ His statement Before < PROPMALE > was I AM . \ " Refering Himself as the I Am Of < PROPMALE > . Jesus Claimed and proved He was and is God . " 
When < PROPFIRST > struckthe high servants ear off and Jesus rebuked < PROPFIRST > was it because < PROPFIRST > got violent ? The answer is no . Jesus had a different mission at the time and it was a mission of the cross . He told Pilot that he had no power at all except that which was given to him from above . In other words what Jesus allowed Pilot to do was the only thing happening . 
Jesus could have called Legions of Angels to fight for him . Remember what just one angel could do ? Our United States Military is fighting a similar battle today radical Islam . Radical Islam believes in Killing to convert . They hate < PROPFEMALE > because < PROPFEMALE > gives < PROPFEMALE > and peace . They hate < PROPFEMALE > because we allow Women to be strong and think for themselves . 
We get tired of the battles our military faces because we think it should be over by now . So when you get that thought in your head think of the accomplishments of our Military . The Military allowed Iraqis to take down the statue of Saddam Hussein and dance in the streets . The Military has killed Saddam's sons who used to have rape chambers and committed unimaginable acts of violence . 
They have taken out many of the top leaders . There is still more to be done as justice of finding all involved in murdering < PROPMALE > Maupin . Who as you remember slowly killed him by using a Knife and cutting off his head . I want Justice for him as well as all our soldiers . 
So wrapping this up Jesus is for war and we have a long way to go . We are winning this fight . It may take years but we will get justice . For every soldier who goes down he went down fighting for your freedom from radicals who want to change your life of freedom . So the next time you wake up when you want , go to work where you want , dress the way you want , and do what you want , 
Jesus is the same as the Old Testament God who fought for justice in the past and continues to fight today ! He is using our USA Soldiers to clean house and will do so till the last murderer is brought to Justice . 
I was driving in New York City and I could see where the towers once were . This reminded me of all the lost loved ones of 9/11 . I was also talking to a fellow New York City loal truck driver and so I got his thoughts : 
He said , \While New Yorkers believe in freedom of religion it would be a constant reminder to see 9/11 and a mosque right there reminding people of the group that did the 9/11 murders . \ " It would show some class to just go somewhere else . \ " ( local truck driver in New York City ) " 
We talked some more about other things but I got reminded we get to move on with our lives . People in New York City have to look at that murder scene day in and day out . Some of them are working with the clean up day in and day out . How many human remains are yet to be uncovered or other horrible things . Just something for people to think about when you see angry New Yorkers on TV . 
Our Military is doing a great work over seas they are fighting for the freedom and liberties of others . < PROPMALE > as a Nation faces war everyday because they are surrounded by countries who want to wipe them off the planet . Great job Military ! I want to see more dancing in the streets like I did when you freed Iraq . I would love to see other dictators fall as well . 
Two weeks and a few days and I will have my official year in as an OTR Truck driver . I thought this year went fast . I am looking for who can offer the best of both worlds . Home time to be with my family more is my number one goal . I am looking at several trucking companies I am going to be picky . 
I know exactly what I want so whoever can offer me what I want I am looking at staying their till retirement . These next few weeks or months will be critical . It is so much easier and fun to look at other jobs when you have a job . 
I do have a degree in Christian Ministries from < PROPFEMALE > Baptist . I do feel to much politics are involved in many churches ( but not all ) . Since I surendered to the ministry when I was 18 I have seen my share of the realy good in the ministry , as well as the realy bad . 
Ministry is a joy that we do as Ministers because we love when we see lives changed because of Jesus Christ . My teammate < PROPFIRST > will have his year in and he will be in the same position as me choosing what path to go next . 
Changeing topics : If you have a good Minister let them know sometimes . I have had a lot of good Ministers in my life and I appreciate them all . I always saw myself as the guy who watched their back . They need prayer and encouragement as much if not more then anyone else . 
St. Louis loses hopefully the Reds can keep winning ! Lets see some playoff baseball in Cincy this year !! Reds just think one game at a time all the way through the World Series !! 
Reds are starting to get some breathing room ! I feel the Big Red Machine is starting to come alive !! Keep it up Reds one game at a time !!!! 
Place your faith and trust in Jesus Christ for He sticks closer to you then a brother . The government is not the answer . Religion is not the answer . Only Jesus who is God above all gods . Lord of all lords is the answer . For Jesus is the way , the truth , and the life . Jesus is coming back and it is fast approaching . Today is Sunday which is the LORDS day . Find a bible believing church . 
Get to the truth today . Let your soul be free by giving your life to Jesus Christ today ! 
The new tolorance of today dose not want to offend anyone today . Now I would agree to an extent we are not to be mean or rude . Jesus gave us the perfect examples to live by . He confronted wrong doing , he confronted error and lies . 
Who would you rather have someone who was nice to you all the time but were deceiving you . Saying whatever you like to hear sounds like a nice person . In Reality a true friend will continue to tell you the truth whether you want to hear it or not . 
We are taught evolution everday in public school which is just a theory . There is another side to the issue which should be taught creation science . Evolution is as much religion as creation science is . So kids in public school challange the system and get the truth . Say the pledge of allegence and fight for your right to hear the truth . 
Only a few more days and I will be with all my family once again . A lot of life changeing events are about to take place for me this month I am hopeing it all works out . Football season just around the corner . Reds just got a new pitcher that is throwing rockets . 
103 < PROPMALE > an hour fastball with a killer sinkball . Reds World Series this year perhaps we will see !!!! 
Football : I was reading where Payton Manning is worried about the rule change of referees standing behind the offense costing the hurry up offense . I think he has a point . < PROPMALE > might be impacted as well . I think they should just let them play and go back to original rules . Referees ruin a lot of the game now . 
Having fun this weekend spending time with family and friends ! Reds Win against St. < PROPFIRST > so I do believe playoffs are now sealed for the Reds . 
Swamp People Awesome show on History Channel !! 
Well heading to Texas once again . I can almost have an address there as many times as I have been in there . Well I officially have a year experience driving OTR and it has gone fast . I will see how life plans my course it should be interesting . 
I have a few pictures of New York City on my Picture < PROPFEMALE > if you want to check it out . 
I got the job at Averitt ! I am now finishing out my two weeks at < PROPMALE > and then I will start my new job . The schedule will be better as I will be home every week at least one or two days . I will be drivng solo as well in Ohio , Indiana , Kentucky , Pensylvania . 
Remembering 9/11 in Michigan . Our soldiers have and are still doing an outstanding job . To the victims of 9/11 you will never be forgotton and justice will be granted in this life and when God returns with power and vengence as Jesus returns the second time to this earth . 
I had a fun day today eating at the I-Hop with Uncle < PROPFIRST > , Aunt < PROPFIRST > , and my cousin < PROPFEMALE > . It was real cool to see family from other states . After I left I saw a fist fight in the middle of the street I called 911 because they were in my way and I needed to deliver my load . 
Jesus is God who is on the throne still . He uses the Nations of < PROPMALE > , U.S.A , and others to get rid of dictators and people who are violent . God removed Saddam off his throne and can remove others as He sees fit and in the timeing He sees fit . 
Our job as Christians is to be a witness . We are to be consistent as best as we can and admit that we have faults and failures . We are nothing and we must admit that . Salvation comes not by fancy arguments , or persuasive speach . The Holy Spirit knows His job and does not need us doing it for Him . 
We are to proclaim or ( preach ) the WORD of God . We are to offer hope in this hopeless world . Kindness and class goes along way , being polite , and not being rude or hateful . Lets make sure in our witness it is not the one we see in the mirror who is offending . 
Respect and honor who gets it and why ? Are we realy honoring or respecting when we give titles to someone ? Is it realy dishonoring if we happen to not use the titles ? Can you use the title during certain times but call them by their first name at other times ? 
The reason I ask is there seems to be a divide in our culture between younger and older where one or the other feels the other is disrespecting ? For instance if an older person is rude to a younger person or the other way around do either get a free pass just because of age or title . 
For me if respect is not given or if someone is rude to me I wont return it no matter who or what title or position or age they might be . 
Well another day at a truck stop waiting around for a load that is still not here . I was supposed to be starting my week off looks like that wont be happening any time soon . 
A lot of excitement was going to happen this weekend but looks like I will be missing it . 
Colts are looking good tonight ! 
Well I am in Cincy this week and I am in the mood for some Cincinnati Chili . GoldStar or Skyline is realy sounding good to me right now ! 
Reds Playoff Baseball already Go Reds ! Go for Homefield advantage now !! I am Pumped !!! 
Lets Go San < PROPFEMALE > beat the Saints !!!! 
Touchdown 49rs !!!!!!!!!! 
Two point conversion good !!!! 
Arizona woman gets told to cover up at a poll because she had a tea party shirt on . This country has some stupid leaders in it who need to get a thicker skin . I dont get influenced by any t-shirt someone can put on an Anti-Tea Party shirt and it wouldn't bother me any way shape or form . 
10-1 what happened to the Reds ! 
Taxes : Who to tax < PROPMALE > , middle class , hmm ... If I were in charge I would get rid of all property taxes if you buy a home the tax is part of the sale . It seems stupid to tax the < PROPMALE > because the < PROPMALE > help the poor and middle class by buying more . 
For instance instead of giving the money to the government it is in the hands of the person who went and did the hard work to obtain wealth in our country . They will either invest that extra money , buy cars , whatever . This helps the poor and middle class because someone needs to make these products . This means more full-time jobs . 
Get rid of property taxes and make up the money buy having sales taxes . All money that you make in your income is your money . You spread the wealth down the middle buy having so much precentage of the sales tax go to fed , local , and state . That will be the best way to have money for our schools , roads and whatever . 
When whatever project is needed we vote for it so one year sales tax is at 8% another year at 3% whatever . Collage should be affordable . Why should someone getting a job that pays 50,000 a year pay 100,000 to get the education . 
Iranian President allowed to walk in < PROPFEMALE > and spu his garbage all the while < PROPFEMALE > ns are still in prison in Iran . The only thing he should get is a Military trial for his role in torture , and crimes against humanity to his own people . 
I cant imagine what is going through our Military leaders minds as well as the moral of our military to be fighting and losing their lives fighting terror and the ring leader of funding terrorism as well as giving them aid by letting them have a place to hide is talking in the free world . 
President Obama a little advise he is making a mockery of < PROPFEMALE > a mockery to you whoever you are getting your advise from has no clue how to run a country . Listen to < PROPFEMALE > ns not the politicians . 
Sola Scriptura ' The Latin word for Scripture alone . Scripture from the Holy Word of God is what I believe is truly the view Christians should take . The Bible which is Gods Holy Word should always be the final truth . Scripture is interpreted in two ways the correct way and the wrong way . The Holy Spirit will guide you as you read it to the right way . 
I went on the inner loop of the bike trail today to just get some consecutive days started . October seems to be a good month to get started not to hot not to cold . 
Awesome message and music tonight at Church on Fire . Just having fun with family and friends all this weekend . 
\In The Begining God Created the Heavens and the Earth . \ " How Perfect it once was to walk in the cool of the Garden and it was free from hate and Sin . Heaven was truly on earth at one point in time . One of these days in Perfect timeing it will be that way again ! " 
I am happy to have just seen the Reds make it to the Playoffs . Reds you did an outstanding job getting there and it wont be long till you will get the respect you deserve . 
Saint Hood what is the meaning : We hear from the Pope or whoever that so and so has become a saint . To be a saint is to simply place your trust in the death , burial , and resurection of Jesus Christ . < PROPFIRST > 3:16 says For God so Loved the World that He gave His only Begotton Son that Whosoever Believeth in Him shall not Perish but have Everlasting Life . \ " , 2010-10-17 16:25:38 " 
If you would like to be a saint place your trust in Jesus Christ for He alone is the Only Way you can have your sins removed . Yes being a Saint is special and important for only Saints go to heaven . The Church is not the one who grants Sainthood it is Jesus Christ . He grants this when you put your trust in Him and what he did for you on the cross . 
Getting in the groove at my new job I realy like it my weeks go fast ! 
Why cant there be another football game on Sunday at one . At least be competitive Bengals ! 
Looks like the economy won this election it seems to be better when neither side has full power . Only two more years and we will be able to put in a better President . 
Clocks fall back , we should keep it l < PROPMALE > this all year I < PROPMALE > having extra sleep ! 
We should have a decent game today to watch on Sunday afternoon . Fox and NBC has a football game . We need more choices every Sunday . 
I lost everyones phone number because I had to get a new phone . If you want me to have your number just send it to me on my phone or message me . 
Anyone know how to get passed the set up stage on a Playstation Portable so I can just play the games I buy ? 
The church looks around the world proclaiming we are correct and we have all the right answers . In the end will it matter if you are the turnoff of the message . It should be the message that causes the friction not we who are proclaiming it . 
Thanksgiving is a time to be thankful for all the blessings that God has given to us . Do we thank God as the man who prayed and said , \I thank you God that I am not as these other sinners . \ " Or do we bow our head humbly and thank God for being merciful toward us for we are sinners before a Holy God . \"" 
\The bible is not enough . \ " You would think that statement came from a person who hated scripture or an unbeliever . Sadly it came from a Pastor of a church that proclaims itself to be one of the LORDS churches . " 
Are you a follower or a leader . I believe we have a lot of younger leaders coming up . The problem is that we are in the wondering of the wilderness stage . One of the areas I would like to change is attitude and training . The Apostle < PROPFIRST > I believe was the greatest example of this . 
The Apostle < PROPFIRST > could had been egotistical and not allowed other men to lead the churches of God . He instead allowed < PROPFIRST > to lead in his own style while always being there as a mentor and encourager . We need to back good ministers up and rebuke churches who are not willing to follow them . 
Christmas is once again here and we once again have to listen to the political correct garbage about Christmas . If the government or anyone wants to say < PROPFEMALE > Christmas let them do it . Or whatever you celebrate say it . 
Schools have lost there backbone because one atheist wants to have his way . In all of this they have declared a religion by not allowing religion . School is about learning different views and still getting along despite differences . 
The Virgin birth of Jesus Christ and the nativity scenes in which we will come across this Christmas season brings to my mind the total sacrifice Jesus made . He sacrificed his life so that we who would trust in him could have life . 
Eternal life is God's gift to man . Man was plunged into eternal death when he sinned against God's law . All men are lawbreakers deserving of an eternal God's punishment . God through His Son Jesus Christ offers man eternal life . 
Jesus accomplished what Man could never do . Jesus was born of a Virgin making him 100 percent man which was needed to be our representative . He was 100 percent God and shed His Blood to cleanse us from sin . \For God so loved the World that he gave His only begotton Son . " 
That whosoever believeth in HIM shall not perish but have everlasting life . God offers eternal life to you a free gift from God . All you have to do is agree with God that you have broken His law and deserve Punishment . Confess before God that you deserve punishment . Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ for your salvation and you will be given the ultiment gift from God . 
Eternal LIfe ! 
Looks like I will be in 60 Degree weather this weekend heard it was going to be cold so I volunteered to work through the weekend going to Texas . Today and tomorrow I will be in Arkansas Monday Texas . 
I just saw the movie \An American Crime . \ " It is a true story of a crime against a child that happened during the 60's . People talk about the good old days but truth be known it was just as ruthless and evil then as it is now it is just not hidden like it was back then . " 
Reading President < PROPFIRST > Bush's book \Decision Points\ " it is very good ! " 
I am walking around outside in a t-shirt and I was starting to sweat so I got in my truck and turned the air on here in < PROPFIRST > Texas . 
Well another warm day in Texas I like Texas winters ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all my friends and family !!! 
I am praying this evening for Justice and healing for the innocent woman attacked at Northgate Mall . You can read about it on Channel 5 website . I am also praying for Hamilton County Police that they will get Justice quickly . 
Doctrine : This word in my simple definition just means a set of beliefs . My point is that when a Church declares to people we dont teach doctrine here is an untrue statement because you are teaching something . 
So which would be better someone who says believe what you want we dont want to be controversial here and hurt feelings . It would be like a firefighter going into a burning building and knowing there is only one exit out and the victim saying to the firefighter I dont believe that is the only way out and searches for another exit , 
Salvation is a gift from God through Jesus Christ . \For by grace are ye saved through faith . \ " We are sealed with the Holy Ghost . \ " Jesus purchased us with His own blood . Once we are saved we are Eternally secure in the Fathers hand and no man can pluck us out . " 
Salvation is of God who did all the work on the cross when he died for our sins on the cross . It amazes me to hear people who think you can lose salvation when it was a gift from God . It was God who did the work . We do nothing to get salvation , we do nothing to keep our salvation and there is nothing we can do to lose our salvation . 
Just want to say thank you for all of you who came out today to support our New Sunday school class . Next week we will get into more detail about the structure and vision . The class is called \Nehemiah's Wall\ " If you are looking for a place to worship and get together come on out we welcome all who want to come . Sundays 10am First Baptist < PROPMALE >!" 
Next week in Sunday School those in my class if you can bring the booklet on \The Christian home . \ " by Pastor Wolfe we will be going over a few things in that book . < PROPMALE > V . will be sharing a few things on his heart about Mission work and his vision . \ 
If you have any specific topics you want me to touch on or questions you have just send me a Personal e-mail and I will try and answer any questions or topics you have through the year . Facebook or personal e-mail is the best way to contact me . Have a good week see you Sunday ! 
Funny blonde moment tonight I got a load to assighnment to pick up here in Michigan due betwwen 4pm and 8pm and I told the boss I wasn't sure if I was able to make it on time . He repied back why not you have plenty of time to get there . I looked at it again and relized he was right the date was for tomorrow night not tonight . 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > is leaving Cincinnati perhaps we may see the return of < PROPFIRST > Farve for one more shot at < PROPFEMALE > . It seems like a < PROPFIRST > Brown move he cares nothing about winning . 
I was in Chicago yesterday and today I couldn't believe the piles of snow throughout that city . Spring please get here quickly !!!!! 
We see the chaos all around the country as < PROPFEMALE > ns look for hope and change in yet another failed government . Yet amongst the chaos in all of our book stores internet and homes in < PROPFEMALE > is the answer to the chaos called the Scriptures . Gods Word . 
In the scriptures you will find the answers to all of the past , present , and future of world events . So if you have not figured it out by now hope and change will never come from government . They can have a D an R or an I and now a T next to there name but you will find they are all the same . 
It is like watching WWE wrestling each opponent screams and hollors at each other throws a few kicks and Punches and the next day they are both best friends because it was all an act . The answer to the American crises is found in scriptures . \If my people which are called by my name shall humble themselves and seek my face and turn from there wicked ways ...... " 
If you have a year experience with flatbed truck driving and are in need ofa job Averitt is hiring a bunch of flatbed drivers . 
I have satalite radio in my truck and I am getting a kick out of listening to all of the chaos in the government . So If we dont like our job can we go sit in a hotel and still collect our paychecks . Just vote yes or no how hard can it be ..... 
Jesus Christ is on my mind this soon to be March . That saying of March coming in as a Lion and leaving as a Lamb has some similarities to Jesus . He came as a Lamb peaceful and gentle only to be tortured , rejected , and slain . He will come back though as a Lion , < PROPMALE > , and conquerer . For now he is still the Lamb who has shed his blood for you . 
Will you accept the Lamb . When I used to go to Chapel at < PROPFEMALE > Baptist College Dr. Horsley would preach about where is your Lamb ? There is only one sacrifice that God will accept for your attonement and that is His Lamb which He provided Himself . 
Spring is ever so slow in coming . March comes in like a lion and goes out like a lamb . 
< PROPMALE > had a son named < PROPMALE > and as they were going up to sacrifice to God < PROPMALE > asked his dad where is our Lamb . and < PROPMALE > said God will provide himself a Lamb . 
I was blessed last night at about 1am on St. < PROPFIRST > day I was hit by a drunk driver . I was on I-81 goung south bound when a driver in a 1990 Bronco hit me several times . I have damage on my truck and trailer . I am missing my steps on my drivers side . I stayed in my < PROPFIRST > and came to a safe stop right before a rest area and I called 911 . 
911 told me to stay in my vehicle and wait for the authorities . I saw the car go behind me from the left < PROPFIRST > all the way acrossthe ditch in the right < PROPFIRST > . The ambulance arrived and asked me if I had seen the other driver . I did not see them they were not found . They had left the scene of the accident and the Police arrived took my statement and info and let me be on my way . 
It was my first dealings with a drunk driver and I was happy the highway was not busy as more people would have gotton hurt . I did not feel the first couple of hits but felt it when they hit my driver side head on . 
I guess I share this in case someone on here ever gets hit to stay in your < PROPFIRST > no matter what and take your foot off the brake and release and apply again slowly instead of jamming your breaks . The reason is you want control and if your wheels lock you have no control . Any ways thank you all for your prayers they are answered everynight and day for me and tonight was just a prayer attention getter . 
Well I do have an update the Police captured the Lady . She had run home . I love dumb criminal stories . She left her car which of course has your tags and the Police was able to easily go to her house and place her under arrest . She did resist arrest . So she is charged with DUI , fleeing the scene of the accident , improper < PROPFIRST > change . That is the latest update I willl let you know more as it continues to develop . 
Great service today . What is our Legacy we will leave behind . Over 60 years First Baptist has been Preaching the same doctrine , the same doctrine brought forth by Jesus , the prophets , apostles and other men and women . All < PROPFEMALE > to God ! 
Looks like an upset is about to happen in the VCU VS Kansas game 63-54 3:32 Left . 
God works things in our lives that are amazeing . I will be 31 here in a few days and God still amazes me . Sometimes though I wouldn't mind haveing a sneak preview of what will happen next . I guess that is what is so exciteing about a life of faith . 
Watching Pastor Ferrel preach on Drinking . Channel 22 on my tv it is very good .!!! 
I thank all of you for your Birthday wishes ! I am very Grateful to God that We have crossed paths in this lifetime . I am thankful for all of you who invested Godly principles and values in my life . God placed me in a home where I knew nothing else but Jesus Christ and for that I am eternally Grateful . 
Go Butler !!! 
