Happy New Year EVERYONE !!!! 

I'm bored ... and taking retarded quizzes ... I'm sorry for the spam overload . On the flip side , i hear Hawaiians like spam ... 
Need some fishies to help out a friend ... they've been added to my wishlist , i could also use anything from the barber collection , its not on my wishlist because i dont have any :( 
Just looking for a Reef Shark ! :) 
Happy Fathers day to all the wonderful fathers on my friends list ! Yes , even those with pets for kids count ! It is your day to be spoiled , so enjoy it ... cause i doubt it'll last beyond the stroke of midnight ! 
I've learned that people will forget what you said , people will forget what you did , but people will never forget how you made them feel , and thats real ! 
Just got back from an awesome 4th of July in DC ! Pics to come ! 
“Whatever you give a woman , she will make greater . If you give her sperm , she'll give you a baby . If you give her a house , she'll give you a home . If you give her groceries , she'll give you a meal . If you give her a smile , she'll give you her heart . She 
Attention all mafia wars players . We are trying to make an unofficial no hitlist truce day this coming Saturday . We need a lot of help spreading the word on this . We propose no one attack anyone on the hitlist all day Saturday until they have been on the 
Wolf Conference in Vegas is only 2 weeks away ! I can't wait ! Who's all going ?! 
5 days until vegas !!! Wolf conference here i come ... 
Heading off to the airport at 2 am ... be in Vegas soon !!! 
had a blast in Vegas , and back to work tomorrow at 7am ... :( 
I usually hate these ... but i'm posting this one No one should die because they cannot afford health care , and no one should go broke because they get sick . If you agree , please post this as your status for the rest of the day . 
Quarter 2 Blue Crew Bucks !!!! Gotta love the extra $$$ in the paycheck ! 
FYI - To all my Friends and Family that DO NOT PLAY MAFIA WARS : If you would prefer NOT seeing all the Mafia Wars posts and there are A LOT , just go to one of the Mafia Wars posts , hover/click on the upper right hand side of the post . You'll see ... an option to \Hide Mafia Wars . \ " Just click it and it will completely free up your wall space from all my annoying Mafia Wars post . " 
I will gift anyone who helps in my war , one of everything they have on their wishlist ... Provided i have one . Help me in my war please !!!! 
Mafia Wars Friends : Open Russian Jobs on my Profile !!! 
Research has shown that women usually sleep on the right-hand side of the bed . Even in our sleep we have to be right ! 
< PROPFEMALE > ALERT ... 3 year old BOY taken in ROCHESTER , by a man driving a MITSUBISHI ECLIPSE plate number 98B351 ... Please put this as your status so it moves all accross face book . YOU WOULD IF IT WAS YOUR CHILD !!!!! 
two open Russian Jobs on my profile < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
open Russian job on my < PROPFEMALE > .... 
MAFIA WARS : Open job on my profile !!! 
MAFIA WARS ... PLEASE HELP !!! Open Job on my profile ... 
SSDD 
Need help in my war !!! its on my profile ! 
Open Russian Job on My profile page .... Just need 2 more !!! 
GOOD MORNING TO MY MAFIA !!! i have a friend who just needs an 8Ball to vault that collection , if anyone could send one my way so we can help him out i would greatly appreciate , i have much to trade .... 
Yuck ... time to run errands ... An Oil Change and taking the dog to the vet isn't my idea of a fun friday morning/afternoon ... 
Hope everyone has a safe and < PROPFEMALE > Christmas !!! 
Open Job On my profile page .... HELP PLEASE !!!! 
Open Russian job on my profile ... I only need 4 more to respond and then i can move on ... 
Have a great 1-1-11 
Whatever you give a woman , she will make greater , give her sperm she will make a baby , give her a house she will give you a home , give her groceries she will give you a meal , give her a smile she will give you her heart . She multiplies and enlarges what she is given . So if you give her any crap , be ready to receive a ton of shit ... Pass it along if you agree . 
Hope everyone has a fantastic Valentines Day !!! 
Bangkok jobs on my wall that needs just 3 more lil clicks ... 
I find it sad that some people still don't get the April Fools Day joke from Mafia wars ... my home < PROPFEMALE > is littered with dumb people that just don't get it . 
Still Need help finding the Plaid Egg for my Easter Crime Basket !!! LOL Please help , considering today is the last day .... 
open bangkok job on my profile page ... please help ! :) 
DEPRESSION is not a sign of weakness it is a sign that you have been trying to be strong for too long . Put this as your status if you or someone you know has or has had depression . Most people won't , but it's mental health week and 1 in 3 of us will suffer some point in our lives . Show your support please ! 
Hello murphy .... we meet again . 
Thank you all for the Birthday wishes ! I got the BEST gift ever ! I got to talk to my bf who is out to sea and i haven't seen him or talked to him since the beginning of May ! I'm just gonna < PROPFEMALE > out on cloud nine for the night ! 
Happy Fathers Day to all the wonderful dads out there !!! Yes , including mine ! 
I miss being able to order Leinies Sunset Wheat at any bar i go to ... found it at buffalo wild wings tonight ... it's been a good night :) 
TO MY NON-GAME PLAYING FRIENDS OR NEW FRIENDS : I play games that generate alot of posts . This can be irritating if you don't play . Ifyou don't want to see these posts , move your mouse/cursor over the game message and the word \HIDE\ " will appear on the right side of the post . Click on ... \ " Hide\ " select the game name ( not ... my name ) . Future messages/posts for that game will be hidden from your wall . " 
I wonder if sprint was bought out by facebook LOL 
I have so many facebook friends with virus ... its annoying to have them popping up asking me to watch/make a cartoon video , take IQ tests , posting on my wall ... If you are interested in finding out if you have viruses , let me know . I can help . 
Ordering food ... just gotta decide , Chinese or Pizza ... hrmmm , any thoughts ? 
Welcome to pity city , population : ME 
FML 
SMILE ! It makes people wonder what you are up to .... O.o 
New episodes of all my favorite shows this/next week ... House , CSI , and of course my absolute favorite ... EXTREME MAKEOVER : HOME EDITION !!!!! YAY !!! 
I am pretty sure we can all relate to this one huh ?.......... \ 
In this world there are two kinds of people : those who brighten the room when they enter , and those who brighten the room when they leave ... lol 
I like it on the entryway table . 
feels she may have just sentenced a cute lil brindle pit bull puppy to death by entering her into the \system\ " ... I just hope her owner finders her . " 
Feeling a bit homesick ... I miss MN . 
Apple Product Professional +1 Me 0 :( You win for today ... 2 hours wasted trying . Apple ? are you mad that i own a PC ? I swear i'm not using Internet Explorer ... 
2 nights in a row , apple doesn't want me to become product professional ... :( 
I am so retarded ! I love Extreme Makeover : Home Edition ! 
Its official , Apple Product Professional ! :) 
Every person has 1000 wishes ; a cancer patient only has one : to get better . I know 97% of you won't post this as your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do , in honor of someone who died of , is fighting , or has survived cancer . 
HAPPY HALLOWEEN ERRYBODY ! 
Mafia Wars : Need some help in a war ... its on my profile < PROPFEMALE > ... 
1 . Go to Google maps . 2 . Go to \Get Directions . \ " 3 . Type Japan as the start location . 4 . Type < PROPFEMALE > as the end location . 5 . Go to direction #43 . 6 . Laugh ( A LOT ) and repost . " 
Already found a secret game within CoD : Black Ops ... 
I am a Veteran . A Veteran is someone , who at one point in their life , wrote a blank check payable to the United States of < PROPFEMALE > for an amount up to , and including , their life . Regardless of personal political views , that is an honor , and there are way too many people in this country who no longer remember that fact . Copy and paste this as your status if you are a Veteran 
I drank the \green friday\ " kool-aid ... my head is spinning ... lol " 
I haven't seen it yet ... NO SPOILERS !!! 
Can't wait til Friday !!!! Gonna be so much fun !!! :) 
Happy Thanksgiving all !!!! :) 
Survived my 5th Black Friday ... ~ yawn ~ Red Bull wearing off ... time to go out to eat with family ... I'mma sleep like a baby tonight . 
Be curious always ! For knowledge will not acquire you , you must acquire it . 
Does 5H ! T roll uphill or down ?! And should it ? 
Change your facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood and invite your friends to do the same . until monday there should be no human faces on facebook , but an invasion of memories . this is a fight against child abuse ! 
By empowering people to succeed you also empower people to make mistakes , only then will people grow ... Take the good with the bad , learn from challenge and change . 
Finally got my monitor calibrated ... time to work on some photoshopping that i've been putting off ... sorry :( 
Forcing the Christmas spirit ... music should help ... 
Once you helped all those around you reach their full potential , you will have reached yours . 
To whom it may concern at the apt complex in which i live ... FINISH FIXING THE WATER-MAIN , I WOULD LIKE TO SHOWER . 
Joyous , just informed that the water will remain off until tomorrow afternoon , this is after they told us today at 3 ... 
SNOW !!!! YAY !!!! MN is visiting me !!! 
The village called , they want their idiot back ... 
Fortune Cookie : A leader is powerful to the degree in which they empower others . 
I've been working too much , i just pressed ctrl shift Z Z to get online .... 
Watching \Scrooged\ " and i just saw a bag phone ... good times . " 
Mmm , Sushi ... Just tried Octopus for the first time , pretty yummy !!! 
:( Bah-humbug ! =( 
Mmmm , snow ... Just don't eat the yellow stuff . :P 
Just FYI : We will be closing as of 11am due to weather . :) Enjoy your day people , build a snowman ! 
wow ... time to work !!! ok , after coffee ... 
After waking up , i have even less care ... i thought i was all out already . 
Fortune Cookie : To make the cart go , you must grease the wheels . 
PLEASE put this on your status if you know someone or are related to someone who has been eaten by DRAGONS . Dragons are nearly unstoppable and in case you didn't know , they can breathe fire . 93% of people won't copy and paste this , because they have already been eaten by dragons . 6% of people are sitting in the shower , armed with fire extinguishers , and the remaining 1% are awesome and will re-post this . 
Mmmm , Adult Beverages . Tonight , i am a fan ... Off of work until Thursday !! :) 
I wish i could go to sleep , wake up and have it be June already ... :( 
Day 1 complete , only 179 to go ... :( 
< PROPFEMALE > foxtrot yankee < PROPFIRST > uniform < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > november uniform november < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > november < PROPFEMALE > tango hotel < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > papa yankee < PROPFEMALE > november < PROPFEMALE > papa < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFIRST > yankee < PROPFIRST > uniform < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > tango uniform < PROPFEMALE > 
Yay !!! He called !!! :D 
Ahhh , a day off ... or is it ... :( 
Good night world of Facebook , 6am comes early ... before the sun in most cases ... 
it is a tragic soup sandwich ... 
Looks like the heater is out on my jeep , perhaps its a sign to get something new ... On a plus note , the temp looks to be going up and its only about a 15min drive to work . 
I think i'm almost looking forward to doing my Taxes this year ... What a change from a few years ago ... 
Hrmmm , to do my taxes tomorrow or to procrastinate . I'm getting a refund , i haven't spent it yet ... so i don't feel in a hurry ... :( 
Ohhhh , and guess what i got .... I bet most of the people i work with could guess ... :) 
Foods ... what do i want ?!?! 
Reeeeeeeeeed Rooobinnn , Yummmmm ! ;) 
I need a sick day , sadly i have enough of them , now i just need to be sick ... :( 
Ok , i'll admit it ... it is actually kinda fun , but i can see it quickly becoming \work \"" 
I have a migraine , closest thing to being sick in about a year ... 
Come on shoes , you have 45 mins to dry ... 
<3 < PROPMALE > Pennington ! 
Calling for about 2 inches of snow , of course schools and some businesses closing ... yet everyone will be able to get through the weather to go shopping . Can't get to work or school , but can get to the stores ... I don't understand . 
