when jumping from trees , be sure to roll 

weird how no one goes to cape may 
at the beach for 3 days , and never actually went ON the beach 
ya know , i really wouldnt mind it if the school just blew up and we didnt have to go back 
work 3-8 . come on thunder ! 
raiding an old pile of cds for itunes 
can never think of a good status ... 
tryin to think of something to do before school starts 
buzz cut ... not entirely sure why 
everyone practice sleeping sitting up so the teacher thinks your still awake 
well . ive decided it was actually as bad as i remembered 
is preparing for the zombie apocalypse 
running with the swim team . bleh 
behaving myself 
Beans : RIP 
just flipped Mr. Corcoran the bird cause he cut him off 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > for President 2040 
last day of vacation :/ 
< PROPFIRST > howards mustache won the game 
youve been struck by a smooth criminal 
no me gusta nadar 
loves the smell of < PROPFEMALE > saw dust 
* slow clap * woo , eagles . yea ... 
cant life be fair some of the time ? 
I know , but why ? 
whay am I incapable of doing this paper ? 
Per me si va < PROPFEMALE > citta dolente per me si va nell'eterno dolore per me si va tra la perduta gente giustizia mosse il mio alto fattore facemi la < PROPFEMALE > podestate la soma sapienza e la primo amore devante a me , non fuor cosa create sei non eterno , < PROPMALE > io eterno duro lasciate ogne speranze voi qu'intrate 
devante a me , non fuor cosa create sei non eterno , < PROPMALE > io eterno duro 
new pair of skis and boots . hitting the mountains 
is inventing a time machine to fast forward to summer 
damn , the chex mix is all gone ... 
Tomorrow do thy worst , for I have lived today . 
back from mountains . tired , sore , happy . and now bed . 
Congratulations < PROPFEMALE > ! 
God speed < PROPFIRST > . 
just registered for the 2011 Europe trip 
bored as hell . 
shower , food , beach . 
Goin fishin , gonna have a good time . got my < PROPMALE > and I got my line 
likes that feeling of hearing little kids having a temper tantrum .... and knowing you have a condom in your pocket . 
mmmmmmm , haggis ..... 
SATs till one . damn this is gonna suck 
What happens now ? I'm gonna get some hard pipe hittin n ----- to come in here with some wrenches and blow torches and they're gonna get medieval on his ass . Ya hear that Zed ? I'm not done with you yet . 
Life guarding try outs . Wish me luck 
Officially a cape may lifeguard 
Livin it up in cape may 
Life guard training . It's gonna be a long day 
Sand was literally blistering hot 
Day two of hell week 
two days down , three to go 
Jet ski rescues are fun ! 
just ate WAY too much Chinese food 
Last day of hell week . Get my stand today 
rockin out to bohemian rhapsody waynes world style 
watching scarface and playing some bass 
that really hurts 
wiffleball thursday 
off to work 
i just accidentally ran the microwave for a minute with my phone next to the indian food . and it lived haha 
if i learn from my mistakes , will i eventually stop making them ? 
party ? why not ? 
6 days till home 
kinda wish shit would just go away 
+1 Volkswagen GTI 
black hawk down 
i like it on her parents bed 
i am come to the tavern alone to eat a steak , after which i will return to the office\ 
-Sir < PROPFIRST > Steele 
that phillies fan whistling is really starting to piss me off 
unleash the kraken ! 
suite level seats at flyers game 
i invoke shenanigans upon thee ! 
the walking dead is officially my new show 
rise bright and early for that whole day blue mountain experience ! 
Hospital . < PROPMALE > busted his shoulder 
in a funk 
Ninja Warrior ! 
tomorrow there is a 100% < PROPMALE > of weather 
nothing for it but to keep on tryin 
