Fireworks at midnight ?! I wanna meet that genius , and smack em . 

Currently in Walla Walla 
Almost finals 
einen weiteren Tag in der wunderschönen Walla Walla . regnet hier wie Seattle . 
hi 
Whoops didn't know that's how this worked 
figuring out how to use linux : 0 
can't wait for school to start Monday . 
I find out tomorrow if I've got a role in the next play the cc is putting on . Cross your fingers for me :) 
Woohoo got a part . Not the one I wanted but hey , most of the parts are about the same anyway . 
I'm supposed to write a bio for the program for the play , but I've got nothing . I keep writing a first line , then erasing it . 
If you are interested , and can make it to Walla Walla , I'm gonna be in a play on the weekend of thanksgiving and the weekend after that . 
Chillin in my room listnin to The Wall and readin manga online . 
Wheee wednesday 
The days sure are long when you have so much time in between classes 
If you're brave , copythis as your status and see what people rate you . ( 1)I love you ( 2)Imiss you ( 3)Sexy ( 4)Cute ( 5)I'd marry you ( 6)Crazy ( 7)Nice(8)Outgoing(9)I hate you ( 10)Beautiful ( 11)My best friend ( 12)To die for ( 13)Funny(14)Loud ( 15)Wierd ( 16)Huggable ( 17)Kissable or ( 18 ) All of the above =) 
I don't wanna go into details here , because I don't want to make somebody feel bad , but what started out as a great day has just turned into a really crappy one rather quickly . 
Aye !! 
cannot wit for tomorrow , when my internet gets hooked back up . 
There's a cute little cat pretty much living on my back porch , I feel like an ass every time I don't let it in . 
I refuse to rebuild the wall just because of some noise i wasn't expecting . It took too long to tear a hole in it in the first place . 
Quick , everyone , run away before you are sucked into the downward spiral that is me . 
starting to feel the call of the road again , why the hell is it always in the winter . 
Should probably log off before I make a complete ass of myself here . 
Stupid picture is always smiling , I hate that guy . 
Hurray for gossip !!! 
PLEASE put this on your status if you know someone , or are related to someone whohas been eaten by a dragon . Dragons are nearly unstoppable and , in caseyou didn't know , they can breathe fire . 93% of people won't copy andpaste this , because they have already been eaten by a dragon . 6% of people are sitting in the shower armed with fire extinguishers , and the remaining 1% are awesome and will repost this . 
so .... is rehearsal on Monday at the normal time , or what ? it doesn't really say on the schedule . 
Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha ............ yeah . 
< PROPFIRST > Burnett is AWSOME !!! :) 
I should be more nervous than I am . 
YAY warehouse 13 and eureka are back on :) 
SUPER smiley face :)))))) 
Wait . Wait , wait , wait , wait , wait . I ... I wanna be on you . 
Thanks alot for making me realize how dull my life was !! =p 
Pathetic : checking here every 5 minutes for nothing =p 
Optimism sucks !!! I really need to just turn this off and get drunk , only I'm not allowed to get drunk , so that sucks too . 
probably gonna kill some kittens now ... 
likes ... Your face !! 
Dear Universe ... WTF ?! 
Rehearsals start for real today ... WHEEEEEE :) 
< PROPMALE > simply MUST stop !!! -he said sounding like < PROPMALE > 
What the hell are they wearing ?! 
Anyone else think it's just a little creepy that < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > was so popular ? 
only a week really ?! Seven days till we do this thing on front of people ... phew ^_^ * 
\^_^\"" 
when is pickup rehearsal ? 
HOLY CRAP !!!! If you go to Google Right now and search \Goodly Creatures\ " the very first site is a porn site . So some of you more than likely don't want to click on that . " 
Laptop fried on me me a week or so ago so ... yeah not gonna be on here a lot for a while 
