GATORS !!!!!! 

Poor Cinci ! I almost feel bad for them . Almost . 
Watching Friends Kids With < PROPFIRST > 
Drying off due to leaky top . 
Dry now , thank you . 
loves caffeine ! 
Look at me , look at me hands in the air like it's good to be ALIVE and I'm a famous rapper even when the paths're all crookedy 
I can take apart the remote control And I can almost put it back together I can tie a knot in a < PROPFEMALE > stem I can tell you about < PROPMALE > Ericson I know all the words to \De Colores\ " And \ " I'm Proud to be an American \"" 
Back to work , severely sunburned ! 
So much to do . I need a clone ! 
Bad headache ! Any home remedies out there ? 
21 days ! 
Unpacking from the STL trip . 
Done unpacking and cleaning so kids can make a mess ! 
is sad that his \friends\ " are worshiping idols . " 
Future is so bright I gotta wear shades ! 
God bless < PROPFEMALE > ! Please pray that she will strengthen to a cat 3 minimum , though a 2 should do the job . 
Its just us now . 
Just wondering how much money was spent on making the NFL's breast cancer awareness week pink . What if they just gave that money to victims and or researchers ? 
???? ????? ??? ????? ?? ????? ?? ?????? ???? ????? ????? ???? ???? 
?????? ?????? 
? 
GATORS ! 
??????? \ ?????? " 
Praying that the Rams will continue on with their defeated season . 
\Blue canary in the outlet by the light switch Who watches over you \"..." 
The plane is apparently still broke , additional hour delay . In tampa now waitng for a new plane . 
Made it home . Little over an hour late . 
Just wanted to clear that up for everyone . 
Dairy < PROPFEMALE > blizzard last night , bad allergies today . Think they are related ? Was it worth it NO ! 
Headed back to STL for 10 days this time . 
FACEBOOK EXPERIMENT- if you are reading this , whether we speak often or not , post a comment of your first memory of you and me . when you've finished , post this paragraph on your own status ; you'll be surprised what people remember about you . 
Did facebook change ? It doesn't look the same . 
Watched The Life of < PROPFIRST > for the first time last night . Very funny ! 
Jayden is at the hospital . Im having horrible allergies yet again . What a day ! 
Jayden is home . They released him without knowing the cause . 
Jayden has some kind of something or other , that I dont know nor heard of . 
After you all turn into zombies from the swine flu vaccine , what would you like all of us humans to do with you ? 
After you all turn into zombies from the swine flu vaccine , what would you like all of us humans to do with you ????? 
I will be taking donations for a new bumper . 
My bumper + pole insident is just a small reminder that i will never outgrow mistakes ! I am still taking donations . So Far Im up to $0 , and I would like to thank my no supporters ! 
Leaving this rainy , grey , coldish city ! 
105 Minute delay cause of stupid < PROPMALE > snow ! 
Sooooo nice to be home , away from the rainy cold and into the warmth and sunshine ! 
Must resist < PROPFEMALE > . 
Didnt do so well resisting chocolate . :( 
When you dig up the past , all you get is dirty . 
Once again headed back to STL . 
Going to San < PROPMALE > tomorrow . 
San < PROPMALE > today ! 
Just checked out some seals chillin on the rocks ! 
Stay classy San Deigo . 
One more day of \learning\ " then the test . " 
Last day in San < PROPMALE > . 
Early flight back to STL . 
Back in STL , then home Thursday or maybe Wednesday possibly even Friday I dont care I just wanna go home ! 
Sick and tired of ALLERGIES !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Literally coughed up a piece of lung !? 
Just got my tickets to go home today !!!!! 
Short layover in ATL then home ! 
I AM NOT ASHAMED !!! Let's see how many people on fb aren't ashamed to show their love for God and admit that Jesus is their Savior . We need to get God back in < PROPFEMALE > . If you're not ashamed , copy and paste this in your status . 
So nice to wake up to warmth and sunshine . This is what God intended ! 
Carne Asada burritos are so yummy ! 
Delray has a < PROPFIRST>'s Taco Shop !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Just got back from making some vitamin d at the pool ! 83 and < PROPFEMALE > very low humidity ! 
Waking up early ( 3:30 ish ) for the long drive to STL . 
We made it just over 16 hours with kids and a dog . 
Happy Thanksgiving ALL ! 
Back home ( Jupiter FL ) for just under 48 hours then back to STL . I am so ready to live at home ! 
On the road/air again , back to STL . Lame ! 
Unbelievably cold in STL . 27 right now . I wanna go HOME ! 
Way too cold , why do you people live here ? 
Gators !!!!! 
GATORS !!! 
Its over 5 minutes just isnt enough time ! 
Rematch ? Texas please lose !!! 
No rematch :( 
Poor Texas is gonna be MURDERED ! 
Great dinner scallops , swordfish and huge < PROPMALE > crab legs . Yummy 
Move yourself You always live your life Never thinking of the future Prove yourself You are the move you make Take your chances win or loser See yourself You are the steps you take You and you - and thats the only way 
11 degrees with a -5 windchill this morning ! 
Feeling a bit full after pounding down a 16 inch pizza . See my links for more . 
I get to go home Sunday and stay until after New Years , because I have the most awesome boss ever ! 
Going home today !!! 
85 is so nice ! Shorts and a tee shirt is all me ! 
If you don't know , as of today , Facebook will automatically index all your info on Google , which allows everyone to view it . To change this option , go to Settings --> Privacy Settings --> Search --> then UN-CLICK the box that says ' Allow indexing ' . Facebook kept this one quiet . Copy and paste onto your status for all your friends ASAP 
Guanabana's Smothered Shrimp Burrito ! 
So chilly today , cold front came through and it was only 66 today . 
79 degrees , shorts and a t-shirt , Oh how I love Christmas ! 
Thinking about getting an engineering degree so I can transform Jayden's Optimus Prime . 
Let the weight loss ads begin ! 
Been to busy for wastebook ! 
Headed to the frozen tundra early tomorrow . 
I'm home and it's is cold here ! 
Saw The Blind Side last night and you have to see this movie ! Yes HAVE TO ! Go see it while it is still in theaters . 
Watch your thoughts , they become your words Watch your words , they become your actions Watch your actions , they become your habits Watch your habits , they become your character Watch your character , it becomes your < PROPFEMALE > . 
Its gonna get down to the 50's tonight ! 
If you get message from me with a video DO NOT CLICK ON IT ! It is the koobface virus , which I got from a freind Thanks < PROPFIRST > !!!!!!!!!!!! 
After five hours my computer finally beat the dread koobface virus . 
I am convinced that the US Govnerment wants me dead ! 
Won 3 bucks playing powerball . Life is GOOD ! 
I dont see it but I get < PROPMALE > Shroder , a lot ! 
\Attitudes are more important than facts . \"" 
\Do the thing you fear and the death of fear is certain . \"" 
I will persist , until I succeed . 
“The positive thinker sees the invisible , feels the intangible , and achieves the impossible . ” 
I am curious to know what you all think about the Law of Attraction ? 
I am giving up Catholicism for lent ! 
Police say they hope to pull out of Detroit by 2012 . 
Thinks colored contact lenses are creepy ! 
Where the mind leads , the body will follow . 
“Imagination is everything . It is the preview of life's coming attractions . ” 
Jayden's baseball career began today , and he is officially batting 1000 ! 
OK , so after two positive tests , it seems that < PROPFIRST > is pg with number 4 ! Prolly gonna be due in Nov , then we will have kids 14 , 9 , 6 and newborn . Hmmm . 
I think maybe we will just be llke the Duggars , so we can have our own reality show . 
“May those who love us , love us , And those who don’t love us , May God turn their hearts , And if he can’t turn their hearts , May he turn their ankles So we will know them by their limping ! ’ < PROPFEMALE > Prayer , stolen from a friend ! 
I can honestly say that I am totally excited for our new addition to come . It really only took me a day to get over the shock . 
Before you criticize someone , you should walk a mile in their shoes . That way when you do criticize them , you are a mile away from them , and you have their shoes !!! 
Did you know that when someone annoys you , it takes 42 muscles to frown , But it only takes 4 muscles to extend your arm out and smack them in the head ! 
I am very greatful for what Jesus has done for us all , but why do I have to be surrounded by chocolate ? 
Square Grouper ! 
Anyone ( that lives fairly close to Jupiter ) interested in joining a mens ( 18+)flag football league ? Games will be on Monday and Wednesday 6:30 or 8:30 starting in June . We have a few but need 10 minimum . We WILL dominate ! 
Old Spice Red Zone burned my armpits ! They are en fuego , mucho en fuego ! Seriously though , I cant wear a shirt ! 
< PROPMALE > Gates tried leaving his new Microsoft \Kin\ " phone at a bar ... It's still there . " 
I asked God for a bike , but I know God doesn't work that way . So I stole a bike and asked for forgiveness . 
The good news is , Frodo destroyed the Ring . The bad news is , he disrupted a hemisphere's worth of air travel and two dozen national economies . 
How to print from an iPad . http://bit.ly/bLsefI 
I was wondered why the Frisbee was getting bigger and bigger , and then it hit me . 
Crime doesn't pay ... Does that mean my job is a crime ? 
Type II Shoulder Separation : A type II shoulder separation involves an injury to the AC joint capsule as well as one of the important ligaments that stabilizes the clavicle . This ligament , the coracoclavicular ligament , is partially torn . Patients with a type II separated shoulder may have a small bump over the injury . 
Stl until Monday . 
Hard work is rewarding . Taking credit for other people's hard work is also rewarding . And faster . 
Breaking news : Girls always focus on improving their looks , not their minds . I guess cause we all know boys are stupid not blind . 
Haning with the fam today , then home tomorrow ! 
My apologies everyone , I am typo positive ! 
I used to have a handle on life , but it broke . 
Playing golf with a separated shoulder , interesting choice ! 
This is a very important day ... 
Thank you all , even the lame people who didnt say anything I know you meant too but just didnt have the time ! 
4 out of 3 people have trouble with fractions . 
Our 4th will be a boy , or so they say . 
We never really grow up , we only learn how to act in public . 
Is it just me , or are 80% of the people in the \people you may know\ " \ 
Anybody can make a mistake , but it takes real dedication to make all of them . 
Word of advice , never eat 11 belly bombers b4 a 1100 mile drive ! 
Made it home with only one extra stop ! 
Live every week like its SHARK WEEK ! 
I generally avoid temptation , unless I can't resist it . 
Shouldn't the air and space museum be empty ? 
A good way to save face is to keep the lower half shut . 
Headed to the Keys . 
In Key Largo at The Fish House sipping coconut rum , very nice ! 
Hanging in South Beach today . First stop < PROPFIRST>'s Cafe for some cafe com leche . 
Back to the grind ! 
When life gives you snomel , you have dyslexia ! 
It doesn't matter whether you are < PROPMALE > or poor as long as you have money . 
Everything's funnier when you're supposed to be quiet ! 
Alcohol doesn't solve any problems ; but then again , neither does soda . 
Nothing is ever accomplished by a reasonable man . 
The closest to perfection a person ever comes is when they fill out a job application . 
I dieted for a month and all I lost was 30 days . 
is thinking about opening a center for battered fish . 
\ Mr. and Mrs. Explorer ? We are with social services . We need to talk to you about Dora . \"" 
If you can't say something nice , we're probably related . 
People are extremely open minded when you agree with them . 
He is the life of parties he has never attended . \ 
If he were to punch you in the face , you would have to fight off the strong urge to thank him . 
When he goes to sleep , sheep count him . \ 
He tells the alarm clock when its time to wake up . 
He was once found guilty , of being innocent . \ 
\ 
When he wakes up the roses smell him . \ 
His bear hugs are actually hugs he gives to bears . 
I tried driving today without texting or eating but it was so boring , I fell asleep at the wheel . Thanks , Oprah . 
Judging from the ads Im seeing , I guess TV execs think \ 
that the only people home watching TV during the day are injured at work , \ 
sick from a recalled medication , or unemployed with an abundance of gold\ 
jewelry . 
I dont understand why people say alcohol is empty calories . Sure , \ 
there's no real nutritional value , but those calories are far from \ 
empty , they're full of fun and awesomeness . 
Keep the dream alive : Hit the snooze button . 
Nobody knows the age of the human race , but everybody agrees it is old enough to know better . 
If I can smell my water , I aint drinkin it ! 
The fact that I can buy a song while on the toilet using my phone means no one is really working on cancer , are they ? 
Always remember you're unique , just like everyone else . 
My first session with the Impatience Support Group is tonight . I can't wait ! 
There is nothing wrong with you , nothing that changing everything about wouldn't fix . 
I wonder if strippers have nightmares about going to work fully clothed ? 
Hope someone eggs the Pope . I'm not anti-Catholic or anything , I just have a sweet \ 
\Eggs Benedict\ " pun which should be obvious . " 
Progress is made by lazy men looking for an easier way to do things . 
The probability of someone watching you is proportional to the stupidity of your action . 
It turns out Lohan didn't do coke . It was her British twin , angry she hasn't gotten work since the Parent Trap . 
Marriage is an institution in which a man loses his bachelor's degree and the woman gets her master's . 
When tempted to fight fire with fire , remember the fire department usually uses water . 
Experience is what you get when you didn't get what you wanted ! 
Happy anniversary baby ! I love you ! 
The Miss Universe pageant is totally fixed . All the winners are from Earth . 
Just be yourself . All the good personalities are taken . 
I highly recommend watching \Food Inc . \"!" 
Not one shred of evidence supports the notion that life is serious . 
I named my hard drive That Thang , so once a month my computer asks me if I want to Back That Thang Up . 
I named my hard drive That Thang , so once a month my computer asks me if I want to Back That Thang Up . Sorry I just had to post it again , I love it ! 
Dont be afraid of change , its inevitable . Unless youre homeless . Then \ 
you might have to go around asking for it . By the way , I dont have any . 
I'm trying to view life from a more positive < PROPFEMALE > , so I figure I will embrace one of my issues , Worry . Worrying works ! 90% of the things I worry about never happen . 
Why do people tend to make rules for others and exceptions for themselves ? 
I think I was supposed to be Latino , or maybe I was in a past life . I just love the food the culture and stuff . 
For those that believe no explanation is necessary , for those that do not believe no explanation will suffice . 
Look at your status . Now back to mine . Now back to yours . Now back to \ 
mine . Sadly , yours isn't mine . But if you stopped posting about other \ 
things and made this your status , yours could be like mine . Look down . \ 
Back up . Where are you ? ......... You're on Facebook , reading the status \ 
your status could be like ! Anything is possible when your Facebook \ 
status looks like this one ... 
Women might be able to fake orgasms . But men can fake a whole relationship . 
If at first you don't succeed , skydiving is not for you ! 
Did you know that \Dammit I'm Mad\ " spelled backwards is \ " Dammit I'm Mad ? \ " ... Your mind = Blown . " 
Lights out BAMA ! 
LSU cheated ! 
A wise person has something to say , a fool has to say something . 
I know one thing about the speed of light ... It gets here way too early in the morning . 
The meek shall inherit the earth , if that's OK with you ... 
Come on Canada , first < PROPFEMALE > , then Nickelback , NOW Bieber !? Are you TRYING to provoke a war ? 
Don't worry about what other people think . They don't do it very often . 
Your life is the manifestation of the thoughts you think . I know I know , I'm working on it ! 
Big ( . Y . ) , medium ( . )( . ) or small (.) (.) save them all . REPOST for Breast Cancer Awareness ! 
I took my dog for a walk and played Frisbee with him , but he was useless . I really need to get a flatter dog . 
Worry is interest paid in advance for a debt you may never owe . 
C'Mon BADGERS !!!!! 
Girls want a lot of things from one guy . Conversely , guys want one thing from a lot of girls . 
No one can ruin your day without your permission . 
I’ll be going to my friend’s Halloween party as a trapped Chilean miner unable to go to a friend’s Halloween party . 
I really didn't Thunk MIZZOU had anything for OU . For that I am sorry . 
Superman is on , and I can't help but wonder how does he fly faster ? 
Nostalgia isn’t what it used to be . 
MIZZOU number 6 , thoughts . 
Without ME , it’s just AWESO . 
When God made me , he was just showing off . 
You get what you pay for , nothing proves this more than Toilet Paper . 
Lite : the new way to spell “Light , ” now with 20% fewer letters ! 
9 out of 10 voices in my head agree that I’m sane . 
\jumped in the fo ' hit the juice on < PROPFEMALE > ride\ 
If you want your children to listen to you , try talking softly to someone else . 
What do blondes and Jack-O-Lanterns have in common ? \ 
Both have blank expressions and are hollow inside 
Nebraska may win , but ... they still live in Nebraska ! 
Why don’t skeletons ever go out on the town ? Because they don’t have any body to go out with 
Halloween dieting tip ; eat all the < PROPFEMALE > you want ! When you are done pigging out , drink 1tsbp of epsom salt in 3/4 cup of water , and within 2 hours all that < PROPFEMALE > will have run through you ! 
A politician is a fellow who will lay down your life for his country . 
Marriage is when a man and woman become as one ; the trouble starts when they try to decide which one . 
Laughing at your mistakes can lengthen your life . Laughing at someone else’s can shorten it . 
Just got carded for a lottery ticket . I must look very young now thanks to < PROPFEMALE > M Maimon . 
OMG its COLD ! 
Warning : Dates in calendar are closer than they appear ! 
Alecea , Jayden and a friend decided to start their own deforestation campaign , the neighbors and cops weren't too appreciative . 
If the grass is greener on the other side of the fence , you can bet the water < PROPMALE > is higher . 
My first website code editing , Im having SOOO much fun ! :( 
\The fish in the water that is thirsty needs serious professional help \"" 
Don't pole vault over mouse turds . 
Just be yourself , you idiot ! 
Procrastinators ! The leaders of tomorrow 
The voices in my head may not be real , but they have some good ideas ! 
The kids will be mad when they discover there really isn’t a law that prohibits them from talking while I drive . 
Brantley is awful ! 
I want a new rule for the NFL , overtime to require a touchdown , no field goals allowed . 
Never trust someone that wears colored contacts . They’ve already lied to you . 
If you can’t laugh at yourself , make fun of other people ! 
\Life rewards action and punishes procrastination \"" 
EVERYONE PLEASE WELCOME BABY OJ !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Thank you all ! Also i would like to announce we are accepting visitors with a mere $5 per minute to hold OJ ! 
I think we may crash Facebook's server with all the picture I'm loading . 
Just wanna say , Thank You to < PROPMALE > ROWE !!!! 
Bulls flat-out refuse to fight him 
Happy Thanksgiving Yall ! 
Watching football and pumpkin chunkin . 
Apparently this is the letter “v” in Chinese : ? Lets see you try to fly in that shape American birds . 
I celebrated Thanksgiving in an old-fashioned way . I invited everyone in\ 
my neighborhood to my house , we had an enormous feast , and then I \ 
killed them and took their land . ~ < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
Flying these days is a frisky business . 
If people are talking about you behind your back , it's because you're ahead of them ! 
Build a man a fire , he’s warm for a day , set him on fire and he’s warm the rest of his life . 
The temperature has dropped 12 degrees so far today , it has fallen all the way to 68 ! 
Always borrow money from a pessimist . They won’t expect it back . 
I reject your reality and substitute my own . 
It’s beginning to cost a lot like Christmas . 
I totally take back all those times I didn’t want to nap when I was younger . 
I thought I lived in Florida ? We may have to move to Barbados to avoid this weather ! 
When you dig up he past , all you get is dirty . 
The holidays are over , and now back to building my EMPIRE ! 
I just went through the drive through to get my plates renewed , it literally took 2 minutes . I love Florida ! 
Relentless Forward Motion ! 
You get what you think about , whether you want it or not ! 
Just had my first donuts burger ! Delightful ! 
Stop pulling down the monkeys , let them climb . 
\Im going in for the kill ... Im doing it for the thrill \"" 
If swimming is great exercise , explain whales to me . 
Mastering others is strength . Mastering yourself is true power . 
Just got this email ; I am just sitting here , quiet , feeling pleasantly drunk , listening to the best song\ 
I ever heard in my whole life . I told my step mom\ 
I would be living the good life and she said I won't make it . That I was an idiot . That I was a f ing nobody . Now look at me , \ 
making over 9,000 a month in my underwear and spending 90% of the time in my swimming pool . 
A wise man makes his own decisions , an ignorant man follows public opinion . 
So I think it's time for us to have a toast ... 
You've gained 2 lbs since joining DailyBurn ( 1.08% ) . Thats no bueno ! 
Tension is who you think you should be . Relaxation is who you are . 
You've lost 3 lbs since joining DailyBurn ( 1.61% ) . Nice job ! - Since Monday ! I am AWESOME ! 
“Change is the essence of life . Be willing to surrender what you are for what you could become . ” 
The question is not what you look at , but what you see . - Thoreau 
The real voyage of discovery consists not of seeking new landscapes , but in having new eyes . 
Completely blew out my hamstring !!!!!! 
I am able to walk today . Very very slow . 
If we are facing in the right direction , all we have to do is keep on walking . 
He who controls others may be powerful , but he who has mastered himself is mightier still . Lao Tzu 
Day 12,325 of WINNING ! 
Day 12,326 of WINNING ! 
He who angers you conquers you . 
Everyone is gifted - but some people never open their package . 
\I will love the light for it shows me the way . Yet I will endure the darkness for it shows me the stars . \"" 
I wish there was a place I could go to collect all the wonderful things people are giving up for Lent . 
Everyone brings joy to my life . Some when they enter it and some when they leave it . 
“It takes a big man to cry , but it takes a bigger man to laugh at that man . ” - < PROPFIRST > Handy 
“Instead of building newer and larger weapons of mass destruction , I think mankind should try to get more use out of the ones we have” - < PROPFIRST > Handy 
RIP Nate Dogg ! 
“I hope that someday we will be able to put away our fears and prejudices and just laugh at people . ” - < PROPFIRST > Handy 
Headed to the beach to check out this \super moon \"." 
\If you dont take care of your body where else are you gonna live\ " - < PROPFEMALE > DeJesse " 
\Your brilliance is released when you are in an environment that celebrates you not tolerates you . \ " - < PROPMALE > T . < PROPFEMALE > " 
\Another year and then you'll be happy\ 
\Well another crazy day\ 
It is so incredibly gorgeous today !!!!! 
