Way to go Cowboys hahahahaha !!!! Losers 

FYI : FARMVILLE COLLECTIONS OR EGGS : When you accept a collectible item or egg from your friend's completed collections or eggs , do NOT press OK . just hit HOME or GO BACK BUTTON so more people can get it . At MINIMUM 5 friends can get an item this way . Please spread the word . 
March needs to hurry up and get here 
Hey I am doing a barn raising and could really use some help . I just need 5 more people to help out . Thanks to all my wonderful neighbors 
I only need 3 more people to help me with my barn raising . Can I count on my awesome neighbors to help me out ??? 
Thanks to all of my neighbors who helped with my barn raising 
I only need 7 more people to help with my barn raising . Any awesome neighbors willing to help me out ??? 
Almost there !!! Just need 5 more neighbors to help me out with my barn raising . It would be appreciated 
I need 1 shipping container for Mafia Wars . Can anyone help me out ?? 
Going to cause some trouble and party it up in Lake Havasu for the week . Hope the liver holds up lol 
I need some concealable cameras . Can anyone help me out ??? 
I need some untraceable cell phones . Can my mafia members help me out 
How in the hell you gonna get fired ... on your day off lol 
Bored now 
I need shipping containers and cement blocks . Can anyone help me out ?? Thanks 
So much for the extended vacation . Back to work ugh 
To all my Farmville neighbors . I need to finish my Maison and I need everything except weathered boards . Can anyone help me out ?? 
To my Mafia members ... I need one gunpowder for my weapons deopt . Can you help me out ? 
Hey Farmville neighbors I still need blankets , nails , and wooden boards for my nursery barn . Can anyone help me out ? Thanks 
To my Farmville neighbors . I still need wooden boards and nails for my nursery barn . Any help would be appreciated . Thank you 
FARMVILLE NEIGHBORS I need 5 wooden boards and 1 nail . Can someone help me out . Please and thank you 
Can any of my Farmville neighbors help me out with 5 wooden boards to finish up my nursery barn ? Any help would be appreciated 
To all my Farmville neighbors ... I need 6 more people to help expand my chicken coop . Any help would be appreciated . Thanks a bunch 
Back to work ... ugh sum bitch 
Lake+Beer = Good Times . That is all 
I'm never drinkin again ugh 
synced their Myspace account to Facebook http://lnk.ms/0WBg6 
Alright , alright , alright .... party at the moontower 
Changin locations . Should be interesting me thinks 
How bout them cowboys lol 
How bout them cowboys . They sure are kicking ass this year lol 
Sum bitch ... Who had the bright idea of gettin a truck with 20 inch tires . There went $ 1,000 
bout to get my drunk on lol 
Disturbed , Korn , and Sevendust .... Count me in 
Ugh banished to Pearsall . Isn't that just lovely 
Off to Pearsall .... Blah 
I'm off to get my drunk on in San < PROPMALE > . Let's see if I can remember anything this time lol . Have a safe Happy New Year everyone 
Ugh when does it end 
Goin from one shit hole straight into another . Lets see if I can get fired on my day off AGAIN lmao 
What kind of sicko pervert would leave a WHOLE collection of Girls Gone Wild in the back of my truck . I have only one thing to say to this sick weirdo ... Thank you very much lmao 
Ugh where the hell is Thursday when you need it . 
New laptop .... AWESOME 
Mmmmmm pizza 
Damn you beer ... why must you taste so good 
Ugh tomorrow the disaster begins 
Ugh I'm never drinkin again 
hmmmm did someone say beer lol 
sittin on the porch drinkin a few cold ones and watchin the pigs bust some ass in the parking lot ..... is that redneck or what lol 
