getting ready to head to amsterdam , veina , and < PROPFEMALE > !!!! See ya in August !! 

Relaxing after a great spin class at the Y 
another spin class out of the way . Great way to start a day !! 
< PROPFIRST>'s got swine flu ! Praying th rest of us don't catch it , but i don't see how we can't . 
is trying to recover from < PROPFIRST>'s spin class . I got my money's worth today !! 
I think everyone's New Years Resolution should be to get a free quote from < PROPFIRST > Venable State Farm Insurance !!! lol 
FYI ... i can insure your I-phone for about $35 per year . I've been helping alot of folks . You don't hav eto have all your insurance with me to get it . ( but I'll ask lol !! ) 
Just ran 2 < PROPMALE > straight for the first time in my life . Not dead .. not sore ... yet !! The things I will do for my wife . Like running a half marathon . I always tell everybody that I have not run more than a mile because no one has ever chased me that far . I guess I'll just imagine < PROPFEMALE > chasing me for 13.1 < PROPMALE > . 
The Macbook has been born in the Venable house . I'm loving it !!! When will corporate < PROPFEMALE > catch on ? 
ok Wall .... < PROPFEMALE > us home !!! 
better a loss now than in march 
4 wheel drive truck to get to pembroke+ 4 wheeler + sled + kids = Awesome time !!!! 
survived round 2 of sledding ... this one was in hoptown . 
finished 3 < PROPMALE > this morning , but i\m wondering where the \ " runner's high\ " is hiding . I'm starting to think that it is drug induced !!! " 
bunko night is so much fun !! Bathing the kids by myself .... can i get it done during half time ?? We'll see !! 
My baby girl turns 9 today .... where does the time go ?? 
GEAUX SAINTS !!!!!! 
how bout dat play by < PROPFIRST > payton !!!!!!! 
I bet there are some puckered butts in the horse < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
The March is starting !!!!!!! The Saints be Marchin !!!!!!!!! 
gonna be a fun drive to lexington in the morning . I have to be in Lexington by 9:00 central time . Might need to leave now to get there on time . 
long day with tough decisions , but excited about the future . 
Can't wait to take my wonderful < PROPFIRST > to dinner tonight . We are kidless thanks to my folks !! 
slept till 7:30 ???? Oh thats right the kids are at grandaddy's and < PROPFEMALE>'s . Amazing how you can sleep past 6:30 with no kids in the house ..... ok missing them . Time to go get them !! 
great weekend with great friends !!! wish they lived closer . 
papers are signed , checks are written ... the process is officially starting to get our little girl or boy from Ethiopia !!! Can't wait to meet our new litle boy or girl !!! GOD is AWESOME !! 
State Farm is allowing me to have a facebook business < PROPFEMALE > . Show me some love and become a fan . You don't have to be a client , and I won't sell you anything !! lol 
Getting ready for a fun day of work , then driving to Louisville for our first round of interviews for the adoption . Praying they don't figure out how crazy I really am !! lol 
\You cannot strengthen one by weakening another ; and you cannot add to the stature of a dwarf by cutting off the leg of a giant . \ " < PROPMALE > Fairless " 
Could God make a more perfect day ??? 
Free Concert to help bring an orphan home !!!! < PROPFEMALE > McQueen will be releasing her new CD This Shimmering Blue and < PROPFIRST > Putty will be speaking on the heart of adoption ! Come out on Friday , April 23rd at 7:00 p.m. at the Hillcrest Baptist Youth Building . Hope to see you there 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes !! I am sooo much wiser since I turned 36 !! 
Just and FYI for all the Iphone users out there ... you can insure them with < PROPFIRST > Venable State Farm Insurance . Only costs around $40 per year . Give me a call . 885-0063 
nice workout at the Y ... time to hit the office now . 
< PROPFEMALE > is now part of the iPhone world !! 
The Melting Pot with my darlin ' for her birthday !! nice night . 
FYI if posts from my wife's phone seem out of place they probably are mine . please forgive me for playing with her phone . lol 
driving to pikeville on hwy 68 and amazed at the number of yardsales . saw a sign 400 mile yard sale . who would be crazy enough to drive all 400 < PROPMALE > ? 
looking for another sales person for my agency team . if you know of anybody who would be interested have them email me . michael@michaelvenable.com 
I'm looking for an additional sales person for my agency . if you or anyone you know would be interested email me @ michael@michaelvenable.com 
Sushi at Yamato's with my baby !! No kids !! Wow ! nice night 
2nd date night in a row . wow we feel spoiled . last night was a surprise thanks to the sahm's and tonight was planned for a while . I know know what it feels like to be an empty nester !! 
homestudy is done . notaries are being certified . just waiting to get on the referral list so we can meet our little girl . 
We are \OFFICIALLY\ " on the waiting list for our little girl from Ethiopia !! Our dossier was finally approved . Now comes the waiting game . We are praying we get a referral quickly !! " 
Grayton Beach is great !!! Sun , sand , kids , and friends !!! Can't beat it . Can't wait for the shrimp boil !! 
eating at belews before they close for the season . great day !! 
the adoption process has been hurry up and wait , but things are starting to move around a little bit . Funny how God can use seeing friends in El Bracero to get an adoption rolling !! Exciting times !! 
football with a bunch of twenty year old's isn't what it used to be . Had to hit the spin bike this morning so I could walk today !! 
Go to my state farm < PROPFEMALE > and help me pick a name for my new firetruck !! 
I love being challenged as a leader !! These things make me think . 
In the hospital with my wife , praying , waiting for morning rounds so the neurosurgeon can let us know when she will have brain surgery . 
quick update - surgeon came by and confirmed the diagnosis of Chiari Malformation and she will have decompression surgery . he can't get us in to surgery until next wednesday but his partner who is recommended for this procedure might be able to do it sooner . please pray that the new doc can get this done . 
Surgeons came back this afternoon and we have a tentative surgery time of Monday @ 3:00 . This is tentative . We will stay at the hospital until surgery day to give the steroids the time to work . The less inflammation the better . After surgery we anticipate up to a week in the hospital and then a few months of recovery at home . 
Day 3 update - Had an ok night . We are just trying to manage her pain . It's a catch 22 though . She gets steroids to decrease the pressure in the back of her head , but that allows the pain to increase , which we then give pain meds , then she gets nauseated , more meds for that , then its time for more steroids . 
Finally got the meds figured out and < PROPFEMALE > is able to actually sleep . The steroids are doing the job of reducing the inflammation . 3 days and counting until surgery . 
just met < PROPMALE > rasnick from the apprentice at a starbucks in nashville . pretty cool ! 
thanks for all the prayers !! we feel them 
< PROPFEMALE > is in surgery and they are closing her up . 
surgery is done !!!! surgeon said it went well and she is in recovery . PRAISE GOD !!!! need to switch the prayers for quick and pain-free recovery . 
we serve an AWESOME God !!! 
my baby is hurting Reeeaaalll bad !! it hurts me !! we still covet ur prayers . 
How painful it is to see my lovely bride hurt sooo bad . I know that God's plan is perfect and he will continue to heal her . I pray I will be able to minister to her like she needs . 
< PROPFEMALE>'s pain is still a 9 - 9 1/2 . they are working to try and get it under control . 
finally was able to get < PROPFEMALE>'s pain down to a 5 , but the challenge now is to keep it there . the prayers are working like they always do !! 
< PROPFEMALE > finally gets to leave ICU . it will be nice to be able to stay with her all day and not get run off by the nurses . she was able to walk about 10 steps this morning . we have started the long road of recovery . 
3 days post-op and still battling the swinging of the pain . Sooner we get this controlled the sooner we sleep in our own bed . Its amazing how excited I can get when < PROPFEMALE > walks ALL THE WAY to the bathroom . ( and this is not the suite , so its close !! lol ) We are planning on making the long journey to the nurses station later this evening . Might not make it , but that is the destination . 
ok .. so we didn't make it to the nurses station . maybe I set the goal a little far . seemed a lot farther away when u have a < PROPMALE > . pains back to a 9 . I want my baby better !! this sucks 
Post-op Day 4- walked to the nurses station ... twice !! gonna make it there 2 more times tonight . Still playing with the pain . The last set of meds caused her to be covered in glitter ( hallucination) ! the more she walks the better she will do is what the Doc is saying . 
we went by the nurses station again , and I let them know that we were trick or treating . I am a neurosurgeon and < PROPFEMALE > is my patient . pretty convincing if you ask me !! 
Wooo Hooo !!! our stay at the Hotel Baptista will end tomorrow !!!! we will finally get to sleep in our own bed , and I will be able to take care of < PROPFEMALE > better . get her meds when she needs them ( not 30 mins after we ask ) and food when she wants . 
we thank everyone for the prayers and offers of help . many of you said you would like the opportunity to minister to us by bringing a meal . click on the following link and select a date and someone will call or email you to confirm . http://www.myrh.org/#/impact/venable-family-meals 
just because I'm making a snowman with my kids doesn't mean you can't call the office and get help with anything you need . I have a great team that makes me look good !!! 
