don't let schooling interfere with your education . 

would you be my cuddle < PROPMALE > ? 
stoop kid never leaves his stoop ! 
i could use a hero right now , you could use someone to save someone like me 
Yay for sleep deprivation ! 
whyyy am i awake right nooow 
Hooray for chemical burns ! 
the screen on my phone \ 
is staying blank , so i can't see any of my texts at all 
fuck sleep ! i don't need it 
gonna be watching my niece for the entire day for monday :) 
everybody is wrong about everything , just about all the time . 
brand new phone and number but lost all my contacts , so just text your name to me 260 615 3964 
i have so much to worry and stress about but i still think i am the luckiest girl in the world right now , getting to sleep with this amazing guy every night by my side 
summer looovin , had me a blaaast ;) 
i need to get outta here 
hanging out with < PROPFEMALE > ! 
creepy sixty-five year old men hitting on me at work = sexy 
sittin in the park and watchin the sun come up 
gonna go < PROPFEMALE > with < PROPFEMALE > since < PROPFIRST > is a retarded weinerrrr 
laying < PROPFEMALE > hammock at the checkout < PROPFIRST > in krogers with my aviators on . i wonder if they'll notice if i fall asleep 
can anybody give me a clue or at least let me buy a vowel or something ? 
i guess i'm not that lucky 
i just got paid ! who wants to do something ? 
Hanging out with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > ! :) 
dinner with < PROPMALE > :) 
tonight was a shpadoinkle night ! :D thanks yous guys 
just bought season 1 and 2 of the best show ever Skins ! 
well that was fun , now it's off to sleep and then off to do some serious stuff 
let's go ... fuck kids 
mormans make the best pornos , hands down 
like a someboady , fuck you bic ! 
at night , i would lay in my twin bed , and wonder where my brother was 
you're wrong , just sit there in your wrongness and be wrong 
comment on this shit so i can talk to yous 
i was dead at the time ! 
i was on the moon ..... with < PROPMALE > 
watching madman , be jealous bitches 
i got someone to pull over cause they thought i was the cops . hahahahaha 
i just don't know what to do with myself 
i gotta bad feeling about something , not sure what it is though 
text me ? 615 3964 . or comment on this ? because i'm bored at work until midnight . 
no no mr. truck driver . you do not tell me what the fuck is up , i'm tellin YOU what the fuck is up . haha , i like my job sometimes 
swares there's no difference between the lies and compliments , it's all the same if everybody leaves her 
gonna get muh hair did tomorrow ! maybe i should just shave all of it off , it gets in my way anyways 
at the movies ! 
i'm armed now bitches ! 
take my advice , because i never do , lol 
i'm gonna rape you until you cum dust ! 
it looks like i gave a smurf a hand job 
avoiding multiple exes ......... mission accomplished ! 
take no regard to anything i say until i go to sleep tonight because i'm not gonna remember anything 
after the fists through windows , fire extinguishers , losing shit , and bike stealing from the past weekend , i think i'll be fine just sleeping tonight 
i can read minds , but only if it's < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE>'s mind 
fuck ! sugar rush ! shit ! 
i'm gonna shake you like a fresh glowstick 
i don't have to work tonight , so text or call meh ! 
Camping is IN-TENTS ! 
party at < PROPFEMALE>'s! come ova ...... now ! or text or call me cause her phone isn't working 615 3964 
women age like fine wine ...... alone in a cellar 
my mom poured a pot of water on my head because SHE was in a bad mood . so i threw the pot at her head . GOOD FUCKING MORNING 
i need some cheering up , something fun to do 
well , fuck me 
girl's gotta do what a girl's gotta do 
this day was amazing 
can somebody come pick me up ? 
well ... that was fun 
\a black guy is not gonna shoot two white girls ...... if anything we're gonna get raped \"- jessica < PROPMALE > " 
it's not easy , but it's worth it 
these people are way too excited about my dad here 
i feel like i've been sitting in time out for 10 hours straight ... i hate my job 
my sister hit on a random guy on her street for me while i'm in her pj's at her house , haha , how awkward 
i got paid !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
who wants to party ? i'm buyin , lol 
\i guess i have a nomad as a daughter \"- my father " 
i havn't even been at work for an hour and i already can't take sitting in this godddamn chair in this goddamn room for another 8 hours 
nevermind , i found a < PROPMALE > size sharpie :D 
Nevermind , i got yelled at 
here goes the battle of epic proportions to stay awake at work from a sleepless night , always my favorite 
damn it ... shoulda worn make up today 
this woman just called me by the wrong name and made me walk what felt like a mile , fuck that bitch 
i set my hopes too high when i don't even want to 
goin a huntin for some ghosts ! 
happy 1st birthday to < PROPFEMALE > ! 
maybe i'll just play dead for a while 
one more day , it'll probably be horrible 
19 years and 9 months ago my mom forgot to take her birth control one fateful day 
i want death , death for my birthday ! :D 
hopefully going to that show in < PROPMALE > tomorrow , if i can get < PROPFEMALE > to answer her phone 
yeah i know , i had a lot to drink on my birthday , but it's the fault of all you guys 
someone told me like i look like a < PROPFEMALE > porn < PROPFEMALE > named < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , i don't know how i should handle this haha 
my sister's about to take a drug test , i shouted \GOOD LUCK ! \ " in the parking lot " 
toad gets all the bitches 
is in desperate need of some company 
i get to cuddle with my boytoy all night long :D 
< PROPFEMALE > meh ha meh haaaaa ! 
i had to take my puppy back home :( 
what a depressing night 
i don't need a therapist , i need a whipping boy 
watchin smackdown bitches 
my imagination just needs to shut the fuck up 
i can't fucking win 
i want a man with a plan and ambition ... not a fool with a pussy hit mission 
I'm getting my car back ! 
loving is fine if you have plenty of time\ 
\ 
for walking on stilts at the edge of your mind 
movies at < PROPMALE > point , woo hoo 
new mission : < PROPFIRST > needs a room mate . guy or girl , it doesn't matter to me . anybody interested ? 
i really wanna get a shit load of people together and play kickball 
i need somewhere to go and something to do , i'd rather not be alone all night long 
so my mother basically called me a whore , guess that shows how well she knows me 
walkin down calhoun . why , you might ask ? because i fucking can ! 
i found looney tunes on demand :D 
uh oh spaghetti-Os ! 
so bored .... i need .... to go ... do something ......... anything 
still ... so ..... boreded 
i'm hoping i'll have my car by friday , then i can go anywhere my gas tank will let me =) 
there's gonna be a fucking < PROPFIRST > bieber movie 
i have enough money to get my car back :D 
free movie , free drinks , and free popcorn . thanks < PROPFIRST > =) 
question of my lifetime : should i or should i not move to < PROPMALE > ? 
just ordered pizza online . for some odd reason it felt extremely liberating 
welp , this time next week i'll be living in a different state , bye everybody 
no matter what situation , my father always seems to \know a guy \"" 
there's frost outside , this sucks 
only two more days to say goodbye to me 
men can make an addiction out of anything 
never thought i'd say this , but i need my fucking cat right now ! 
goodbye 96 acura legend , and hello mister 09 ford focus . as far as i'm concerned , my mother can officially suck it 
goodbye fort < PROPMALE > 
tomtom is trying to sabotage me 
drinking baileys with my daddy :D 
i got a car , laptop , and a gps in the same day . i think imma bout to go into shock 
it'll all work out eventually 
having a blasty blast with my web cam . i get internetz tomorrow , so somebody better talk to me on this thing 
gah , i'm bored 
CONAN ! 
so i get to work at an < PROPMALE > institute a.k.a. heaven 
somebody needs to save copper 
why do women not like me around 90% of the time ? i'm really nice , i promise . just get to know me 
damnit guys , stop inviting me to parties that i can't go to . it's depressing 
unlike other females , i will not be empathetic for your sorry existence 
my father just received a chocolate present from a clothing store , he is way too loyal of a customer 
i shouldn't have even left my room today , or even thought about attempting to live through this day 
currently viewing mentally disabled people clean a bank 
my dad just told me that i need to take more advantage of my looks ... thanks for the advice 
i sware i'm about to strangle these guys , i'm just not in the mood for philisophical and psychological discussions right now 
will you stop being so green with envy 
imagine sitting in a room with nothing in it for 15 hours straight .... because this is the torture that is my life at the moment 
i just think it would be fun to listen to every conversation that has ever been had about me while i wasn't around 
i guess i have admirers at the < PROPMALE > college , good lord 
maddy is here ............................... 
why must my father dance to rap when he's drunk in public 
it's my mother's birthday today .... yay ? 
i love waking up to my dad making me breakfast , asking me how i liked my martinis over the weekend , and then giving me 40 bucks ... talk about fucking heavenly 
just because i'm a security guard does not make me a fucking gps 
i am NOT a fucking tour guide of < PROPMALE > , and i'm pretty sure these people don't want me to be since i don't know where i am half of the time anyways 
when was the last time you did something for the first time ? 
somebody is going to fucking die this week , and it's going to be one of you 
i discovered my least favorite word today : should 
i'm gonna shoot her , i'm gonna shoot her 
i think i'm getting sick :( 
the city of < PROPMALE > is shutting down for today , and now i get to drive in the blizzard back home 
luckily , most crazy homeless people can't afford guns 
yes , i am your security guard . i'm guarding your ass , and i'm gonna look fucking good doing it 
it's too early for a scavenger hunt at a triple A 
an older gentleman came in to buy a map because he's surprising his wife with a trip to italy for christmas , how fucking sweet can you get 
scary mall in east < PROPMALE > .... everyone smells like coco butter ! 
they don't let pets in here , but i've had a cockatoo if ya know what i'm sayin 
this is going to be THE BEST Christmas ever 
i'm watching animal cops . someone needs to stop me , now 
i got a miraculous bra .... it's taking a while to get used to how big this thing makes my tits 
i feel so bad for the black woman in that dominoes commercial 
i feel so bad for the black woman in that domino's commercial 
in the back kitchen of a travel agency , there is an orange coffin just sitting on the floor ... wtf 
my dad found out that if you put shower curtains in a washing machine , the curtains are gonna come out with holes in them 
why are there retarded cleaning crews everywhere i go ? 
i just mopped a hallway filled with pepto bismol 
drunk people trying to crash my car is NOT COOL 
I get onto netflix and on the recently watched section the movies Strictly Sexual and I Am A Sex Addict popped up ...... god damn it dad 
i told myself not to go into the fucking pet store , so what do i do ? go into the fucking pet store 
classic smash bros ., drinks , and pizza is what i call a perfect night 
hookers deserve a lifetime acievement award 
i'm gonna go see the broadway musical , the book of morman , in new york ! omfg i love my dad , i've never been this spoiled before 
go ahead , add me on skype = ashleynicolefry 
i feel dread , for no reason . i hate it when this happens 
I PUT YOUR PICTURE AWAY ! 
i have THE worst sleep patterns 
i wanna live TILL I DIE\ 
no more . \ 
no less . 
the US version of Skins can suck my ding-a-ling ! 
i'm coming to the fort tomorrow , so be prepared 
nobody really cares if your miserable , so you might as well be happy 
i'm watching fraggle rock ! this is gonna be a good day 
here's to the nights that turned into mornings , and to the friends who turned into family <3 
i actually alomst died today 
professor oak knows NOTHING about the composition of photography ! 
Orgy at my sister's house ! come on ova ! 
we live in perverted times 
WTF blizzard 
i've been drug through hell , and it is not right that anyone should feel the need to drag me through any more of it 
driving to fort < PROPMALE > ... see ya in a few hours 
no single girl should ever go to a mall the first two weeks of february 
Fort < PROPMALE > ... it's just like living in an ice cube 
i need something to do ! 
this is going to be a terrible week 
shut up < PROPFEMALE > streisand ! 
i didn't eat before work , i think i might die from hunger tonight 
someone should go in the auditorium and get me some food 
Thank you zeus almighty and the stars above for the food i have just received 
coloring in coloring books is serious business 
going to see Menopause : The Musical with my mother , the audience is only full of old women 
just shoot me when i go into menopause , please 
Oh , what the hell 
sorry fort < PROPMALE > , but your parties just lost big time 
how can grown people be so damn rude 
and remember ladies , a relationship is a living prison ! 
apparently wearing shape-ups for ten hours is not something you're supposed to do when you first wear them ... my calves hurt so much right now 
i love being at a gas station at 3 in the morning with a bunch of huge , drunk black guys harassing me 
if there's a prize for rotten judgement , i guess i've already won that . 
i have to just bite my tongue 
how do you write a paper on how your mother is a terrible person in a professional manner ? 
i just woke up . DAMN IT 
so .... extremely ..... utterly ..... excruciatingly .......... bored 
i am so extremely pissed off right now 
life without you would be like a broken pencil ... pointless . 
i wanna bag you like some groceries 
so much win right now ! 
i hear a ruckus , so i open up the 3rd floor blinds to see a man's face RIGHT THERE ... it was maintenance 
THIS IS SO FUCKING WEIRD ...... i am still definitely not used to being hit on 
i need something to do 
at pf changs with muh dad , who won't stop picking on me 
and now i'm back to boredom 
god damn it . did everybody go to that rave tonight ? 
i have ocd because if i see a fogged up mirror or glass , i absolutely have to draw a penis on it , no matter what 
i'm now positive that i can legitimately self diagnose myself as fucking retarded 
reading all my old myspace shit , my friends are so stupid :) 
apparently i have a very sick sense of humor ... i guess i should thank my guy friends in fort < PROPMALE > for being such awful influences 
i just wanna go home :( 
i could have said some nasty things , but it wouldn't have mattered anyways . \ 
not my problem anymore . 
roses are red , \ 
violets are blue , \ 
i have a gun , \ 
get in the < PROPFIRST > . 
welp , i feel awful today 
my sleep schedule is fucked beyond belief now 
time for my least favorite thing on the planet\ 
... fucking shoe shopping 
my dad is out on a date , and i am stuck alone and at home . \ 
i feel cool . 
alright , this is getting ridiculous 
even though this doesn't happen anymore ... i feel like i'm grounded 
i'm not interested , and i doubt you'll convince me to be 
i am pissed the fuck off ... 
well , i guess i can't go home this weekend either . someone needs to just kill me now 
unless you've lived my life , you have no fucking right to have any opinion about me or judge what the fuck i do . 
at least i have the mentally challenged cleaning crew 
my mother is acting caring towards me , it's really creeping me out and i'm not sure how to react 
It's got that old people and burning coffee smell ... i really hope i don't throw up 
going home right now , and the first thing i'm gonna see is < PROPFEMALE > Danger < PROPMALE>'s smiling face 
this indiana toll booth machine and i have a neverending feud going on 
wow , i didn't expect that . \ 
and now i get to cuddle in bed with my boytoy all day :D 
< PROPMALE > Vowles made me a cd\ 
i <3 him 
i love the unexpected fun i have at home 
RIP < PROPFIRST > Sudderth , i had some really great times with you 
\your new site is heavily hispanic \"= drive with your windows up and doors locked " 
i don't mind coming to work , but this eight hour wait to go home is just bullshit ! 
damn it , i forgot the commitment it takes to take care of a new piercing 
an old indian man just came up to me , already knew my name and offered me anything i want if i go to his store across the street . 
this is the absolute worst case of \i told you so\ " that can possibly happen " 
allergies just hit me , and they're bitchslappin the shit outta me 
strawburry :( 
my body hates me 
and again , recently watched on netflix : All American Orgy\ 
my father really needs to stop this . 
i've been accepted into baldwin < PROPMALE > ... finally 
i purposely don't do my make up or hair and wear a terrible uniform , but i'm still getting hit on by old men at work .... gotdamn it 
