i am so not technologically savoy , this face book thing is confusing , how do i write on someones wall 

OMG , i am retarded , i AM writing on my wall !! LOL 
STILL struggling to figure out all the facebook stuff ... not a big internet fan 
never going to take online courses again , i learned my lesson . i am not a technologically savy individual . 
WHEW ... public speaking is over , on to A&P !!! 
cant focus on school with facebook waiting 
I have too much down time , and i am starting to get bored . i need a second job . 
How many of us REALLY know everyone on our FB friends list ? Here's a task for you ... I want my FB friends to post how you met me . After you comment , copy this to your status . You'll be amazed at the responses . 
should not have gotten the dogs neutered at the same time , they are driving me crazy and i cant wait to get back to work ! < PROPFIRST > has ripped out 3 sets of stitches !!! WTF ! even with the cone on his head ... i dont get it ! 
babysitting ... and reconsidering the whole baby thing ... 
i wish i would have gone to see my dad and its too late now cause its back to school on monday 
been up since one , i cant sleep . seriously going neurotic . no one should ever expect someone to commit to spending 35 grand in one day . 
last day of work and i get the whole weekend devoted to my JJ !!!! 
I had a dream JJ and I got to have our dream wedding and then i washed the bathtub with this water cleaning spray stuff and all the grease came off just like that . It felt so real when i woke up i ran to the shower and was mighty disappointed ... 
I stopped smoking ( yay ) ... only if now i could just quit eating ... 
Last day of work and I am so happy !!!!! 
dad will be here tuesday !!!! 
i have to go watch 4 and 5 year olds play for my lifespan class , and it is actually kind of fun , they are hilarious ! 
Blackboard shut down so i cant take my test . This sucks big time . The students hate blackboard . The teachers hate blackboard . They charge me enough to go to school , cant they just get another better program and stop wasting my time and money ?!?! 
We had so much fun at the permian basin fair with dad ! Bowling was pretty fun to until some of the people ther ! started getting too drunk to watch their kids ... 
Nothing makes me more happy than a sale . got 4 complete outfits today and hardly spent anything ! Thanks < PROPMALE > Pennys ! 
GRRRRR !!! i am really trying to do this bumper sticker thing but it wont let me . i dont know what i am doing wrong .... it just keeps posting them on my wall , not in the bumper sticker section ..... HELP ! 
worked all night , then off to the health fair , then making a halloween wreath decoration for g-ma , then going to see her , take a quick nap , and go to the drive -in tonight . Whew- my day is goign to be stuffed !!! 
I like it on the bar and dining room table . 
There should be a night shift town , kinda like < PROPFEMALE > town , but only the theme was everyone sleeps in the day and you do the normal things you would do at night . like the post office would be open at night and banks and everything , and ppl would think that you were a bum if you slept all night and were up all day . 
my butt is numb from working so hard 
I am super pissed right now . JJ is not getting off work for our anniversary . We haven't had any holiday together since i became a nurse cuz i work and the ONE time that i actually have an important day off , HE has to work . I know that he has been off work alot lately , but dont these people have any heart at all ?!?!?!?! We cant do thanksgiving , christmas , or birthdays , but damn it i should get my f-ing anniversary !!! 
... and to add insult to injury , they kept him out all night so we cant even do anything this saturday together because we both were up all night ( i was working too ) and no one will be awake enough to drive so the company that jj works for just RUINED my anniversary COMPLETELY along with ANY < PROPMALE > of saving it ! THANK YOU VERY MUCH !!!!! 
lots to do , and i dont wanna do any of it !!! 
Fun Status Game !! reach for the nearest book and comment on this status with the second sentence of the second paragraph on < PROPFEMALE > 20 . 
Your beauty should not come from outward adornment , such as elaborate hairstyles and the wearing of gold jewelry or fine clothes . Rather , it should be that of your inner self , the unfading beauty of a gentle and quiet spirit , which is of great worth in God’s sight . - 1 < PROPFIRST > 3:3 -4 How's your heart today ? ? ( Thanks < PROPFEMALE >!!) 
I wish I was off for thanksgiving . I guess Saturday will do just fine . 
At work for thanksgiving . Just where I wanted to be . 
Trying to square away christmas gifts . I love the holidays . 
How do you click to save a pic from the internet on a phone ? I guess ill put up \little foot\ " when i get home to a laptop . With a mouse . " 
At Sashas . Were busy bedresting . 
That was nice few days off ! I am so happy that I am such a upstanding person that ppl are intimidated by me and feel the need to cut me down behind my back . Trying to kill them with kindness but they make it hard to ! 
Only have to be here for 2 days which makes me very happy ! One more payday till christmas ... YIKES !!!! 
Dear < PROPFEMALE > , I hate your stinkin guts . You make me vomit . You r the scumb between my toes . Love , Alfalfa 
Cant wait for the family to get here . Not to mention , my uncle whom ive never met cause he was adopted is coming to see his biological mother ( grandma ) 
So ... i dunno thats really cool . I wonder if he looks like my mom ... 
I love my shark steam mop !!!! 
Just 32 hours of work left till christmas yay ! 
Only 23 hours of work till christmas ! Yay , cant wait to be with family and also cant wait for the brisket , yum !!! 
Damn dvd player won't work . What am I supposed to do at work now ?! 
Got it to work , yay !! 
9 hours till i can have some holiday cheer ! Mom and dad are already at my place ... 
Four hours left ... 
Yay I'm off for christmas ... SO FREAKIN HAPPY !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > christmas FB friends ! 
Im sooo tired ... cant wait for day shift to get here so i can get some shut eye ... 
I pray < PROPFEMALE > ryone has a fun new years < PROPFEMALE > , and PLEASE dont drink n drive . As for me there will be no drinking or driving . I am spending newyears with my s&r crew 
Hanging out with < PROPFEMALE > and the babys . I am getting sick ... caught the baby fever . 
Where have all the real people gone ? 
Why are people so fake ? 
I love me some < PROPFIRST > ( and < PROPMALE > too) ! It makes me wanna say eff school and have me a little JJ ... but then logic sets in ... 
Apparently according to the new zodiac sign i am both a gemini and a cancer ... how often does that happen 
Watching Avatar . I love this movie !!!! 
I love my life , God has blessed me in so many ways and i today i have chosen to be grateful ! 
grrrrr ... jj lost the usb cord that goes from my camera to my computer so sorry dad , i can upload pics for you ... :( 
Just another lovely nigh in west < PROPFEMALE > . I guess ill catch up on my reading . Hope everything works its self out for fridays girls night out ! 
Watching Madea's big family reunion 
Hanging out with < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPFIRST > . * singing * I have a feeling ( woo hoo ) that tonights gonna be a good night 
Watching Nanny McPhee and then the Karate Kid . Then I'm off for the weekend ! 
I havent drank in sooo long ... FEELS GOOOOD 
Still covered in paint from primering my bathroom yesterday 
Jus sittin here , how bout you ? 
Ate peach cobbler from < PROPFIRST > jordans and now i am soooo tired !!! 
At sashas , or as dad says #2 . < PROPMALE > is so not impressed that i am here . And to think yesterday i was his best friend ! 
JJ tried so hard to stay up with me but he just couldnt < PROPFEMALE > ... he passed out on the couch watching MANswers . 
My poor babys are tired of being in the house , they are all hyper and stuff , but when i let them outside , they pee and run right back in . I need a heat lamp ... 
Woot Woot for Wordfeud !! 
Omg i am freaking out ! I am at work and it is pelting hail outside on my new car ! Shit shit shit ! 
The hail stopped , ill have to assay the damage later ... i dont think it did any harm , but well see . 
The superbowl is a bigger holiday than christmas isnt it !? Well i couldnt care less , but jj is recoring it for me so i can watch the commercials :) 
insomnia !!! grrrr , and i work days today , gotta get up for work in 1hr 30 < PROPFEMALE > 
Working days today and nights tomorrow ... 
The sun makes me tired . 
Lunch ... my favorite time of day :) , just sayin . 
Omg you have to check this out , hilarious ! Go to www.food network.com and search for english peas , click on < PROPFEMALE > deens recipe and read the reviews ! 
Sat up for hours reading the comments 
Lol i just played TACKY in scrabble for 69 points ! Lo freaking L 
I love this church , if youre ever in the dfw you have to check out new beginnings babtist church ! 
Watching < PROPMALE > live and eating dang good brisket !!! 
Trying for flight number three ... hope i get on this time !!! 
Sleepy !! 
Dads in town , yay !!! Lots of things to do today ! 
Got the house cleaned today and some honey ~ dos done , saw grandma and grandpa , not bad for waking up at 1300 ! 
My thursday's resolution - cook dinner for my husband on friday . Poor thing hasnt had a home cooked meal since last Saturday ! 
I actually cooked for jj on a day that I work !! I bet that makes my mother so proud ! 
Hopeful that I will be awake enough to go work out in the am I'm sure I will be as long as < PROPFIRST>'s cooperates with me . 
A combination of the wind and the babies opened my back door yesterday . So i had a open back door all day , and everything in my house has been sandblasted and 
Good morning FB ! Got a good start this morning so todays gonna be a good day ! Working out really does put you in a good mood ! 
When i got home my legs were so sore i couldn't walk , so jj < PROPFIRST > me a bubble bath and reheated the water for me twice , what a sweetie ! 
FML , i just got a sppeding ticket . Going 76 in a 55 . Damn county roads ! 
Good night FB ! I'm going home and going to bed ! 
Lucky I'm in love with my best friend , Lucky to have been where i have been , Lucky to be coming home again ... 
Just back from my dad's church ( which i love love love ! ) and now we are going to brave the crowds to go to traders village to buy some contraband from the immigrants ! LOL !!! 
Four am come so early !!! 
How about you take care of your shit and ill take care of mine , seeing as you can't even manage to take care of yours very well !! 
Got up this morning at 7 , got dressed , drove down to the stop light and then i dawns on me ... the gym doesnt open until 1pm on sundays ... and i was so pumped :( 
Well , i didnt know it when i got up this am but i am taking my grandparents to mansfield ! Glad i get to spen some time with them and my mom ! 
So my speeding ticket ordeal wasnt as bad as i thought it would be ... just $107.10 to the court and DD class , prolly online , & i claim the dd on my insurance 
Jj is in such good mood cause he doesnt have to work this weekend , and we are both excited to see eachother again ( its been 4 days !!! ) 
Omgosh , seven day cruise to the Bahamas with bestie and the love of my life in tow !!!! Have i died and gone to heaven ?! I cant wait till june !!!! 
I can tell its going to be a good day ! I zumba ~ ed this morning and am going tob get my eye brows waxed and im free after that , the day is mine for the taking !! 
Dear carnival , if you would have told me cruise prices go up every 30 minugtes , i would have booked three days ago . Wtf . The price has trippled !!! I guess they 
Jamacia , caymen islands , and cozmel mexico here we come !!! 2e are leaving for galveston port on may 8th at 4 am !!! I seriously cant wait !!! 
I am sooooo happy !!! 
Am i the only one who knows when to clean her ceiling fans because you go to turn it on and the dust starts falling off them in clumps onto the floor ?? 
Work gets in the way of life . Got so much to do when I get off in the morning , but so far it has been a great . Can't seem to get ahold of dad , mabey hes napping 
If you use sunless self tanning lotion , mix it half with reg lotion , it makes the orange streaks and orange fingers go away !!! Thx < PROPFEMALE > 4 this tip , it works !! 
39 days to go ! 
Omg this night is sooooo long , I've never been this bored in my life !!!!! 
Why is it that when you are sick it is always worse at night ? 
