is chillin ' 

is home and tired 
chillaxin ' and tired as hell 
is going to northern kentucky 
is back and bored 
is findin ' something to do 
needs a friggin ' hobby 
is at < PROPFIRST>'s house 
is home chillin ' 
is chilling 
the new transformers was awesome 
is at the house chillin 
going out to eat 
is back and chillin 
is going to northern Kentucky to get my nephew . R.I.P < PROPFIRST > Mays 
is back spending time and spending time with < PROPFIRST > 
is just sittin ' here bored . 
has a headache 
is at home just sittin ' here 
is chillaxin ' 
is home bored 
is going to Lousiville 
is at the house 
is so fresh and so clean 
is chill 
is ready for the big fight today . 
is chillin ' with the family 
is home 
is home just chilling 
at the house bored 
is home and oh so tired 
if bored , tired , and hungry made a baby it would look something like me right about now 
needs something to do today 
is up and trying to find something to do 
got a haircut 
is bored , what else is new 
is going to Ohio tommorow 
is off to Ohio today 
is back and going to the track 
is mackin ' on some green tea 
uploaded all the airshow pics go check them out 
is going home today 
is chillin ' at < PROPFIRST>'s 
is listening to music 
is oh so bored 
is finding something to do 
is looking for something to do 
is back and tired as hell 
constantly finds himself bored 
is chillin 
is going to West < PROPFEMALE > today 
is back 
is tired 
is chilling at < PROPFIRST>'s 
is out . 
here we go again 
is chilling ready for the weekend 
is tired and bored 
is bored 
school then straight to a scholarship meeting , w00t ! 
is finally home 
is happy his internet is back ! 
is sore from frisbee , God i'm out of shape . 
is really tired 
is hopelessly bored 
loves A-days 
is chilling , frisbee at 6 
is syked for the Buckeye's game tonight 
is in a never ending spiral of boredom 
has swine flu ... great ! 
still sick as hell , fantastic ! 
nothing is better when you are sick then watching BET for about 5 hours straight 
is getting COD tonight ! 
loves thanksgiving 
Happy ner yearsm 
bleh 
Sleepless nights FTL 
:( 
Can't believe General < PROPFIRST > Platt really got a record deal 
is hella bored 
does anybody know the turnitin.com log in information for ms. justices class ? 
feeling optimistic about a snow day 
school :/ 
first day at Sonic went really well 
Dentist later :/ 
Limewire = Awesome 
is home from the mall , bored 
watchin ' the olympics 
work was ... tiring to say the least 
the computer crapped its pants so now i get to completely re-type a 1000 word paper , FML 
regionals friday , gonna be pretty awesome 
watching < PROPFIRST > do my work 
damn it feels good to be a gangsta 
is chillin , enjoyed the pointless snowday 
Papa < PROPFIRST>'s is so good 
Regionals ! 
is at < PROPFIRST>'s 
work in the morning til ' four 
is so tired from work 
I'm no quitter , i'm a go , i'm a go , i'm a go getta 
Tupac > Biggie 
i think i'm going to Ohio tommorow 
CORRECTION : I am going to Ohio tommorow 
gettin cruck at < PROPMALE>'s 
is chilling in < PROPFEMALE > 
at < PROPFIRST>'s 
work in the morning til 4 
is home chillin ' , had a good day 
Buckeyes all the way baby 
my bracket is looking good 
State tommorow , NCAA starts thursday , can't wait 
keep it up Buckeyes 
bored at home 
Papa < PROPFIRST>'s cheesesticks = pure awesomeness 
finally home , chillin ' 
just got off work , chillin ' 
no phone , kinda blows 
home , bored , no phone , meh :/ 
awwwwwwwwww yeaaaaaaaaah 
Enjoying the weather and free < PROPFEMALE > 
Butler has got this in the bag 
On the upside , < PROPFIRST > Turner is the player of the year ! 
Home from work , enjoying the weather 
White castles is the best after school snack 
Kohls has such good deals 
Deadliest Warrior tonight , so excited ! 
Spartan ! 
Fantasy to you , reality to me , and my G-pass is as valid as can be . 
I'm a soldier , a rider , a ghetto survivor , and all the above 
i have to go get my food handler's permit in the morning , good times 
Work til four , ready to finally enjoy the weekend 
loving the weather 
T-pain = awesome 
finally home work from 12 - close tommorow :/ 
Damn it feels good to be a gangsta 
Cav's pooped thier pants , now all thats left to watch is hockey 
White castle 
hella pooped from work 
< PROPFIRST > hood was terrible , we walked out it was so bad 
FML 
such a nice day , if only i had something to do 
such a nice day , not looking forward to the 4 hour driving class I have tommorow 
Drivers school ! 
I'm on the pursuit of happiness and I know everything that shines ain't always gonna be gold , I'll be fine once I get it , I'll be good . 
At the end of the day , day i'm walking with the heart of a lion 
Everyone's favorite < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > Moloney , has a modeling try out at the mall tommorow infront of Dillards at 5:15 , I recommend that many people attend to watch this go down . 
another excting day in the life of a foodservice worker ! 
Oh so happy to be home 
Pool bwah 
Is the new self proclaimed < PROPMALE > of Vermillion Peak Pass 
Tosh . 0 tonight ! 
chillin ' tryin to find something to do 
needs something to do 
cops , < PROPFIRST > johns , and pandora , match made in heavan 
12 hours of sleep is hard to beat 
Good day to go golfing 
Playing a fucking N64 
mad chillin ' at the crib 
Nebraska in the Big Ten will be so gross 
cutting your finger while juicing limes is a traumatic experience 
The world lost a true hero today , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > died at 81 , R.I.P. your meat brought joy to many 
just woke up , good way to start a day 
loves < PROPFEMALE > oh so much (: 
Just saw we are 7th in the nation in obesity , keep up the good work Kentucky 
Loves perfect weather 
Hates the fact the pool is so cold 
Ghana got robbed 
Messi who ? 
Everything i'm not , made me everything I am 
Cavs are fucked 
Rain at last ! 
Off to < PROPFEMALE > 
Watching < PROPMALE > Texas Ranger with your nephew is the perfect bonding experience 
Over the course of 3 1\\2 games of bowling I scored 296 , so bad 
A bowl of rice , and cranberry juice , an odd but strangely satisfying late night snack 
Just watched a bus go 375 mph , its whatever 
Walking around the residential area of < PROPFEMALE > , Ohio is about as much fun as it sounds 
is homeward bound 
Home at last ! 
Eating in the food court alone , gotta love it 
Out here grindin ' 
Passed the road test ! 
Apple store FTW 
Food service will be the death of me 
Hedgehog game I am much faster . You are a lizard , I am a raptor . 
3 hours of sleep , wonderful 
Not nearly in a school state of mind yet 
Back to school shopping is so depressing 
skin flute !!! 
Work from 2-10 , blah :/ 
4 hours of sleep + 8 hours of work - A ride home = 1 pretty pissed off Zach 
Is it bad that going to bed at this time feels really early to me ? 
Bed Intruder song is 89th on the Billboard top 100 songs . Awesome ! 
Getting ready for college football season to start ! 
Directv in my room ! so supa happy 
Just legit raced a new Corvette down Nicholasville road haha 
Question : Why does Louisville's cardinal mascot have teeth ? 
Really diggin ' life right about now 
\I shouldn't be alive\ " is an oddly funny show " 
2-0 ! Now Bama needs to lose and I will be quite a happy camper 
Mall til ' midnight . W00t ! 
Yes ! Yes ! Yes ! 
Saw an Audi R8 today and nearly shat my pants 
Is more than ready for the weekend 
I'm more than ready to watch Ohio State play an actual team 
just feels today is gonna be a shit day at work , I really hope I'm wrong 
i'm already done with school , this is gonna be a long year 
swallows 
Naps FTW ! 
Really feelin ' that today is gonna be a good one 
5 annotated bibs and psychology I don't understand . Hooray for all nighters ! 
World Equestrian Games attendees better shy away from the mall if they know what's good for them . 
If procrastinating was a sport , I would be a pro . 
Just saw on WLEX Kentucky was rated the worst run state in the nation , that's what I'm talking about ! 
Being a teacher's < PROPFEMALE > is awesome ! 
Newspaper class has become me just sitting in a computer lab by myself . Oh joy . 
Weezer's new album FTW ! 
Paranormal Activity 2 at midnight ! 
Paranormal Activity just ruined any < PROPMALE > I had at sleeping o__O 
This weekend at Keeneland has made me realize with more money I would have a severe addiction . 
Rainy days are the best , hands down . 
Orchestra concert is gonna be crunk ! 
Sitting in 40 degree weather waiting to be picked FTL ... 
Not really diggin ' this cold weather . 
If you can't do what you imagine , then what is imagination to you ? 
I have a real problem with wanting to save every stray animal I find . 
Having \tiny\ " veins and giving blood doesn't add up all too well . " 
Hates cold weather oh so much 
Procrastination will be the death of me ... 
Well its pretty much decided , Gillie our new fish is a total bad ass . 
Tuesday afternoons are mind numbingly boring . 
Ready for Thanksgiving break oh so much . 
got the swagger of a cripple 
Itis- The drowsy sleepy feeling you get after eating a large meal . Usual meals like big Sunday dinners , Thanksgiving and Christmas meals . 
Work will be hell -_- 
Food service FTL 
Ohio State is about to smash Michigan 
< PROPFIRST>'s Epic Yarn is super , super raw 
Snowing ! 
Work will be no fun today , not to say it ever is though . 
You're the cutest thing that I ever did see . I really love your peaches wanna shake your tree . 
Sleep is ever so elusive 
Burritos and bottled water , dinner of champions . 
If there was an award for procrastinating , I would soooo be in the running for it right now . 
It's your style and your grace , it's that smile , on your face . And that's why , that's why . I love you . 
School = Not happenin ' 
In the event Stu isn't wise enough to cancel school tomorrow , I have a baseball bat with his knee's name on it . 
Two hour delay tomorrow ! 
-_____- 
FCPS fékk ekkert á mig ! 
Feelin ' confident in my choice to stay up 
Feelin ' really chill . 
Being at the school on a snow day is ... gross 
Tron was in-cre-da-bull . 
12-8 shift tomorrow will be the death of me . Foodservice is a product of Satan , I'm sure of it . 
Really needs a change of pace . 
Daft Punk FTW all day everyday . 
Tron 3-D tonight , pretty jazzed . 
\Today was a good day . \"- Ice Cube " 
The last 8 months have been some of the happiest of my life , I love you < PROPFEMALE > . 
Work brings nothing to the table but soul crushing mediocrity . 
Suit untailored , ringtone < PROPFIRST > Swift . Can't tweet upon my Twitter cause I ain't done shit . 
Is coogi down to the socks . 
Ohio State got this ! 
Sitting around has never felt better 
I just realized how much I hate Wiz's laugh in all his songs . 
* sigh * 
Shitty construction crews FTW 
Number one in the hood G 
forgot to log out at the apple store . dont worry , zach , i got your back . i'll log you out . 
Mystery man who logged me out at the Apple Store , my heart goes out to you . God bless and may only good things come your way . 
Bithday-Snowday ? YES ! 
Thanks to all who wished me a happy birthday , it was a pretty chill day . 
Feels really fat sitting here eating donuts in a Snuggie . 
What better time to start a ten minute presentation than the night before ? 
Just totally kicked that presentation's ass ! 
Reading Myspace messages from 2006 .. depressing but hilarious all at the same time . 
Just struck me , your laugh is one of the most beautiful things I think I've ever heard . 
O-H-I-O ! 
Just got a text from a South < PROPFEMALE > area code asking if I had been cheating with Charles ... turns out the message was intended for \Jeff\ " . Homosexual confused identity is a helluva way to spend a Saturday night ! " 
Feelin ' pretty gipper 
Stu finally wised up and decided to retire , I suppose the death-threats from would be snow days were just piling up . 
Feels so accomplished , but crappy all at the same time . 
Just got Bubblegum Bars from the ice cream man . Life is good ! 
Going into work early FTL -__- 
Really hard to express how good of a day today was . 
More than ready to go to Poundtown on some Girl Scout cookies . 
Has honestly never felt more useless before . 
Just made Liggins two < PROPFEMALE > slushes , no big deal . 
Came home to see the copy of Hot < PROPMALE > I ordred had come in . Life is good ! 
I'll be fine once I get it , I'll be good . 
In my lack of sleeping , I decided to make a twitter . @MadMoneyMonk 
Lazy Saturday 
Twitter.com/MadMoneyMonk 
With my AK I'm still the thug that you love to hate 
Swaddled in a Snuggie like baby Jesus . Assuming baby Jesus had a bitchin Snuggie . 
“I’m tired of pretending I’m not a total bitchin’ rock < PROPFEMALE > from Mars . ” - < PROPFIRST > Sheen 
Just raced a 350 z and won , 2 legit 2 quit 
Honestly why bother ? 
Bracket Pool ! $5 buy in , already 23 people and counting . Just give money to me , < PROPFIRST > , or Keesey before Thursday to get the information on joining . 
General statement with an undertone of disdain towards taking the ACT 
Bracket pool !!! $5 buy in , already 42 people and counting , just give money to me , < PROPFIRST > Polley , or < PROPFIRST > Keesey to get the information to join , cut off is Thursday so you still have time , don't miss out ! 
Call me Spongebob , stackin ' Krabby Patties . Bitch I go to work , do my Cat Daddy . 
Giving blood in the morning , the shirt better be awesome . 
Frackin ' exhausted .. 
Ohio State is gonna run UK off the court tonight 
Alright weather , you win . Now get hot again . 
11 months today , I love you < PROPFEMALE > :) 
So fuckin pissed , there are no words . 
Blackberry update is frackin awesome 
Lessgo Huskies 
out here grindin ' 
