You know , it amazes grandparents when the grandbabies smile at them , laugh just to laugh , or even quietly sigh just to hear some noise . It amazes me when I look to see who is touching me , and Egan's either patting my arm just so he can smile , or he's rubbing my side/back or arm to try and make me feel better . It's weird to think I am about to be a mom for 2 years on May 29th . 

I've got a solution ! HA ! that's a bit funny . Ok anyway , JUST DANCE !! :D 
So there's sonething up with Egan ( Buddah Baby ) because he's got a bad sounding cough , and hoarse cry . Now he's laying on my side listening to Lady Gaga . Moments like this take all the frustration away . 
Tonight is the worst night of my life ! I just realized that my absolute GREATEST just came to life ! We lost dad between 6 p.m. and 7 p.m tonight . 
The memorial service will be at First Assembly of God in Burkburnett at 1:00 p.m. 
So Now I Am Officially A FT Employee Of Texas Specialty Hospital ! It's Great . Can't Wait Til The Benefits Kick In . Dad Always Said I'd Be In This New Position , And Yet It Sux Because He's Not Here To Celebrate With Me Now . We Have To Take The Crap That's Thrown At Us And Make Do . 
Can Anyone Please Explain To Me WTF The Whether Is Doing ?! It's Spring And Yet The Sky's Throwing SNOW At Us !! Rain Would Be Perfectly Fine , But No We Have To Have The One Thing I Absolutely Hate-Snow . WTF ??? 
The greatest guy I know beats me with something every morning I'm home . This morning it was a box , then a < PROPFEMALE > hand laying on my cheeck . I love the suck up kisses and Egan's face as a wake up sight . 
So I need to put more pix of me on here . I'm tired of this one . If anyone has any old pix of me on your profile , PLEASE let me have them . lol Nothing embarrassing though . no pix from the yearbook . 
\Until your rapture falls to pieces . Find in me the room to breathe .... \"" 
So I was making good progress ironing my scrubs earlier , until the iron jumped out at me and burnt my L forearm . This is gunna be fun at 6:45 in the morning . 
If you have a birthday this , HAPPY BIRTHDAY !! I'm gunna be busy so I won't remember to wish y'all one . 
So I hate work right now , and the sky is about to come crashing down on me . my world feels like it's fading fast and I'm stuck gasping for air . Any advice on how to get through ? 
Gotta try to sleep tonight . I haven't taken the antidepressant mom gave me so it's gunna be a rough time . I see him everyday , in every dream . It's so hard to cope now that everything's setting in and hitting harder than ever . Will I ever find the hour that I don't cry in my sleep ? 
Everyone has their very own < PROPFEMALE > . I'M SICK OF MINE !! Take it away , I don't care anymore . It's not that important to me now . 
wonders why people have to be such asses . What's so hard about growing up and taking responsibility for your stuff ? 
loves how things go so horrible ( like having your car repoed ) and then getting approved for an ' 06 from the Nissan dealership . Funny how things work . 1 day it's really crappy , the next i'm told i'm getting a new-to-me car . 
Is workin on getti9ng a new car ! I need a co-signer tho . I hate not having credit . 
So Egan's 2nd Bday is going to be at the park on Saturday . If you wanna get him some thing , or just show up , call me . It doesn't matter if he gets presents , we need to go through the toys he's got now . My # is listed on here , just call anytime mon-thrus . 
hey everyone , sorry i haven't been on in a bit . if you wanna talk get my number and call me 
So now I'm 23 and my b-day sucked . What can I say , a crappy day for a crappy year . I had no one to spend it with since dad left , so I tried to keep from being alone . I'm glad it's over now ! 
Thanks or the birthday wishes everyone . I made it through a horrible day when all I tried to do was call dad . That was hard ! 
OMG ! If I had a video camera on Egan right now ! It's so cute and funny . 
Egan's words are coming now !!! He's saying HAPPY !! I asked if he wanted a happy meal , and now that's all he says . He even pointed to the smile on the happy meal box ! 
going out for dinner , send me a message 
Ok , I have officially realized that I gave life to a nut ! Egan's chillin in the tub with his froggie blanket , acting like he's in bed nappin . The only thing is- he has water in it so he can swim . Yep , that's DEFINATELY my boy . Ha ha 
alright , I'm calling it a massively early night guys . I'm beyond exhaution ! I can't even tell if that's spelled right . lol Peace out , sweet dreams and Happy Labor Day weekend . 
So I've got an interview on Sunday for build-a-bear , and got asked on a date all in the same day . i guess i'm the exception to the Gilmore Luck .... right ? LOL < PROPFEMALE > happy right now . 
Dear Uncle < PROPMALE > , Tell dad that we love him and miss him . It seems his life was stolen , but I know he's gone for some reason . Idk what that reason is just yet , but I have a good idea . I love you , miss you . 
Cake anyone ? 
So Egan totally kicked my butt in the wrestling < PROPFEMALE > tch we had yesterday . Round 2 later today . I won't be so easy this time . Little fart bit the knot in < PROPFEMALE > neck . Crazy Vamper ! I love it . 
Being numb for 6 months is really starting to kick my butt . I really needed this change . 
it's deffeinately a day for layin out by the pool and trying to tan . my luck , i'll just burn . 
If you wanna keep in touch with me , get my # off here before Monday next week . I will be deleting this profile then . I f you do , let me know who you are so I can save the # . 
GRRRR ! SL , you're mean . You tell me I'm \NOT\ " gunna do something and now I can't . That's not fair and it's really not funny . I'm gunna pull an Egan- MEOWROAR ! ( it all goes together ) . lol " 
Oh yea , I got it . Egan's totally hooked not only on the Longhorns , but also on The Lost Boys : The Tribe ! He's my little rockstar :D 
Dude which one of you is pregnant ?! I got prego cravings , and all that . this is crap , I hate the cravings and side effects of being prego . 
.... It took the death of hope to let you go ..... 
I'm so sick of keeping this show going . why can't you be strong for me and let let me do what i need . Meditation only goes so far in this state of being . 
Can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars ? I COULD REALLY USE A WISH RIGHT NOW . 
OMG ! Egan is totally rockin out to \need some sleep\ " it's righteous ! That's my little rockstar " 
needs to really take up boxing ... and a long roadtrip with some friends to see some friends ..... 
So i've come the conclusion- I give up . We don't talk anymore and I can't hold on to someone/something that's not there anymore . I guess this is \Good Bye \"" 
Who Watched The Rangers Last Night ? A-MAZ-ING !!! If There Was Ever A Picture Perfect Game , That So Far Would Be It . World Series- Here We Come !!!!! :P 
Life is starting to really look up . All I need now is work and and I'll be set . I asked for a sign , and got dad's scent . After it started goin up hill . 
I could to a Masqurade Ball with no mask , and you'd still not know who I am ... 
So Much To Think About , I Just Don't Know What To Do . Wish Dad Was Still Here . I Could Really Use His Guidance More Than Anything Right Now ! 
Dear Uncle < PROPFIRST > , \ 
Good Bye To You . We Will All Be Together Again One Day , But Until Then- You , Dad , Memmaw , And Uncle < PROPMALE > Keep Bringing Us The Laughs , Cries , And All Good Memories . Love You . 
\ ... I'd give you everything if you'd just let me stand beside you ..... Nothing but Darkness in me ... \"" 
Is Seriously Feeling Some Nirvana Today !!! 
Really HATES This Part Of Everything ....... 
I feel like hell is coming for me . Blah ! Hot Totties are in my future ..... 
Do I work ? Yes ! I work 24 hours a day . Because I'm a MOM . I am a cook , a cleaner , a parent , a teacher , a referee , a nanny , a nurse , a handyman , a maid , a security officer & a comforter . I don't get holidays , sick-pay , or a day OFF . I work through the day & the night . I am on call at all hours . Now tell me my job isn't a real one , ITS THE BEST ONE ! Re-post if you are blessed enough to be a MOM . I AM !!! 
I'm steady sinkin ' in ...... stay tuned for more . 
Gotta find a way to < PROPFIRST > on a Tues . or Thurs . between 8 a . and 5 p . It's hiring time for my old position I had in Falls Town @ the MPEC !! God knows I miss that job . More like the career I let go of for Dad . I'm glad he didn't know about the offer and me turning it down 
I AM ASKING IF EVERYONE COULD PLEASE PUT THIS AS YOUR STATUS FOR ONE HOUR IF YOU OR SOMEONE YOU LOVE HAS DIABETES . I KNOW MY FAMILY WILL , MY PRAYER IS THAT IN 2011 A CURE WILL BE FOUND . WILL YOU POST IT ? JUST FOR ONE HOUR . DO IT FOR ALL OF US IN MEMORY OF TOO MANY TO MENTION AND IN HONOR OF ALL FIGHTING IT 
If you're thinking of calling me and you know you're gunna make an jackass of yourself , do us both a favor- don't call me ! 
Funny . I couldn't figure out what I wanted to < PROPMALE > in , but looked at my info on here . Philosophy or Religion is what it says , so I'll go w/ that ! 
NEW PIERCING !! I love it , and my motto- Cause pain to ease pain . In other words , my temporary physical pain takes more emotional pain away , so I can go longer w/o needing to feel the needle in my skin leaving a trace of ink , or a hole for jewelry . I love tat shops ! 
Send me an Angel , send me an Angel right now , right now !! 
Ladies and Gents . Welcome to my HELL !!! This is the worst day of all time ! 
The Zion Train Is Coming Our Way .... 
So Egan's potty training again . It's so cute , sorta , cuz he's like \I go potty . \ " This goes on 4 like 10 minutes in the bathroom alone ! Just the look on his face makes it worth while . THANX DAD ! you've rubbed off him way too early . Miss you so much !! " 
So I'm thnking of changing schools now . I need advice fast ! 
< PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > , Mo , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPMALE > if you guys need someone to help you through this dreadfully tragic celebration- We are here . We love you all so much , and will try to do anything for you all . Don't be afraid to call . 
I have tattoos , so I'm a trouble maker . I have curves , so I'm fat . If I wear makeup , I'm fake . If I say what I think , I'm not nice . If I cry some times , I'm a drama < PROPFEMALE > . If I have guy friends , I'm sleezy . If I stand up for myself , I'm mouthy . Seems like you can't do anything now a days without being labeled . So what , go ahead and label me , see if I care !!! Re-post this if you're proud of who you are !! 
The love , the hate . This song keeps going on and on and on . When will it ever come to paper ? I've got to get it out , it may be the key to my dreams .... 
I'm in a rut !!!! I need some help w/ this song ! It's not in order , but I'll tell ya if you think ya can help . 
Wow ! So I just got some news from a friend that made me laugh . It's so hilarious when people say things then lie about thier comments when they are being confronted over the phone . True colors show when the exes are not around to defend themselves . Can we all agree that's the definition of childish ? 
I feel so stupid ! This song I've been trying to write out of my head has already been up for reading on here . 1 piece is hidden in all my writtings . Funny how reading things after 7 months puts everythng into perspective . 
