Watching the kids play . Fireworks tommorow nite . Boring quiet day today and tommorow no plans as usual sometimes boring is good keeps u outa trouble . lol 

Poor baby Schyler . 106 temp on Wednsday , went from 101 to 106 in an hour . Luckily he got to doctor and ER quickly , and got iv and tamaflue into him right away . He has a bad flue but is recovering quickly . He smacked his brother yesterday so we know hes okay . 
Happy New Year . May 2011 bring you peace , happiness , and joy . 
Cant wait to catch up on my Deperate Housewives on DVR . Is it 5 yet ? 
< PROPFEMALE > , it is a pretty garden . Outside weddings r great as long as weather is good . lol@ < PROPFEMALE > . 
Wow my hair wasnt even that high that day . 
Wish I had more photos of my highschool days , but no one seems to have any exept for my senior year pic . bummer . if anyone has any pics of us hanging back in the day , please share ! 
Dont you just love people who are armchair dictators and want to tell you how to rule your life because they are misserable . Its always do as I say , not as I do though . These people are normally clueless to your needs . And dont really \care\ " Get a hobby Buzzkillers . " 
MYOB- guess what it means 
Drinking a lemonberry spritzer and waiting for Deperate Housewives to come on . 
Feeling Blah 
Not a huge football fan , but thinking how < PROPFIRST > Favre is such an inspiration to people \Our Age\ " he is at the top of his game at 40 . Not so shabby . " 
I think I'm done with housework for a few . I think I'll take the toddlers outside for rides on their green kawasaki baby quads . Ground finally dried up a bit . 
Making lemon merangue pie tonite . yummy 
Please copy and paste this on your status if you know someone who needs a punch in the face . People who need a punch in the face affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for someone who deserves a punch in the face , except a punch in the face , but we can raise awareness . 93% won't copy and paste this , < PROPFEMALE > 
Baby took a nap at 7 . thought he was asleep for the night . Guess who's jumping on the bed right now and wants a cookie ? Back to nights , not working , just days n nights mixed . 
a wonderfull name that means \gracious gift from God \ " dude that girl < PROPFEMALE > totally moves me . \ " Also means the wealthy one . lol " 
Some Superbowl . Man's already passed out . Im gonna watch Lifetime n have a glass of < PROPMALE > Reisling . Oh well . 
I think it sucks when you join a gym to get healthier , and you pull a muscle in your back and cant move for 3 days What the hell is that about . 
Leave problems at the door , bring in a smile with some spirits , mix it with Awesome music , add lots of laughs , and good company = the Perfect Party , \Oh n dont forget the cocktails n hourderves\ " . lol " 
Age is just a number and a state of mind . Just live life to the fullest and enjoy every minute . Because you never know when your number is up . 
Thanks for all the birhday wishes . It was a fun day . Had a good party too . Loved the champagne punch . 
Birthday wuz awesome . Valentines day , not so awesome . Woke up to no heat , and bf puking in my bed . N still asleep . I need a nap now . Please hurry oil delivery peeps . 
Spent day with my favorite Valentines , my kids , and nephew < PROPFIRST > and daughter Chey were the best helpers ever today . Thanx kidz 
Who I look like ? be nice 
Just looking out the window and wondering if I go out to the store , will I be able to return . We have about 3 inches of snow . 
Omg got power back last night , but took me 40 minutes to dig out this snow . I had to use a shovel because my car blended into the snow drift . Driveway is still a bit of a mess , even tho we had it cleared out . 
Is my road really covered in this white stuff again , Its like that movie Groundhog day , you wake up and the same thing every day . Yikes 
Anyone else watching Kiss in concert ' 98 on VH1 now ? 
Now watching Iron Maiden in concert on VH1 . < PROPMALE > Dickenson you are still a hottie . 
On my way to spa to go swimming in heated pools . Cant wait 
Washed all the carpets today , so much work but worth it . 
Freedom of speech , great . And in the words of the Great < PROPMALE > Marley , please dont you rock my boat , cuz I dont want my boat to be rocked . ( But be prepared to capsize if you do rock my boat . ) 
Off to store to get magic eraser and teethin gel 4 Schyler , then off to gym . 7 lbs.in 7days 
What to do today . Flower show or swimming 
Baby still has stomach virus or something , a little better , but what a weekend ..... 0 sleep 4 anyone 
Took my boating course on Sunday and passed . I can officially/legally drive a boat in the State of New Jersey now . ( Which may come in handy if I need to go to the Willowbrook mall this week ) 
Happy St. < PROPFIRST>'s Day May you be able to see the road well enough for a safe trip home from the < PROPFEMALE > PUB :) 
Gorgeous day . Went to our beach park at 1 , just got back at 4 . Our neighbor caught a big rainbow trout . The kids nearly fell out of the wagon when they saw it . 
Congradulations to my sister < PROPFIRST > on winning the finals and her Hockey team . Best of Luck Tommorow on your playoff game , go kick some butt ! 
Watching the Wild Things with my boys , and we are eating chocolate . Its gonna be a late nite . 
Down 10 lbs . despite the obstacles of lately . Guess I do better under pressure after all ha ! 
Does anyone know how to get rid of the application \who is stalking/ looking at profile . There is no way to delete this stuff . " 
Gotta love Spring when there is so much mud your shoes get stuck in it . 
I thought of you today , but that is nothing new , I thought about you yesterday and days before that too . I think of you in silence , I often speak your name . All I have is memories and a picture in a frame . Your memory is a keepsake in which I'll never part . God has you in his keeping I have you in my heart . Repost if you have someone in heaven . xxxx 
My two year old decided it was much more fun to smash the Easter eggs than color them . My 3 1/2 year old didn't like this one bit , as he was putting stickers on every inch of his egg . Oh what a lovely mess ... 
Good job Doodles . Puppy was barking like crazy at 6:30 am . Sure enough , Mr. Bear having a snack in front of the house , chewing on garbage . Best bear alarm ever . 
Why does my thermostat in my living room say 88 degrees !!! A little too hot I think , inside the house . 
Yesterday , had a great day . a chinese buffet , swimming at our pool , then a walk on our beach . Today , we are just completely chillin ........ ( : 
Is it normal when a bear is walking down your street at 11am , then decides to < PROPFEMALE > out on your front lawn ? 
*** FYI EVERYONE- There's a site called www. Spokeo.com and it's an online phone book that has a picture of your house , phone number , credit score , profession , age , how many people live in the house . Remove yourself by Finding the Privacy Icon on the bottom it's in very small print . ( passing along , scary stuff ! ) I perso ... nally checked it out and it is ... really there !! CUT PASTE AND REPOST !! *** . 
Wondering what is the best , most credible online college that doesn't break the bank . Need to take some more college courses . 
I remember meeting < PROPFIRST > Steel at the Biohazard/Exploited show back in 1990 . This show was at the Pipeline in Newark . He just came out with Type O . I remember him stopping to talk to me and my friend Manigeh , admiring our black nailpolish , and I just remember how tall he was . He was very charming . RIP to a great musician , and pretty decent guy from NJ who use to work for the sanitation department . 
Wish my facebook home < PROPFEMALE > would stop switching to yesterday's news every time I go to Farmville . 
Haven't had a cold like this since last winter . This one is kicking my a ** . Just cant breath and want to sleep . Welcome Spring . 
April is cancer awareness month . In loving memory of every cancer patient , family and friends who have lost their battle with cancer , and the ones who continue to conquer it ! Put this on your < PROPFEMALE > if you know someone who has or had cancer . Many of you won't copy and paste this . I did . Will you ? 
If you have a daughter who makes your life interesting and fun , who has been a blessing in your life and makes life worth living just by being around - copy and paste this to your status . .?.?. Your daughter will outgrow your lap , but never your heart ? 
Great Party at my house for Schyler . Thanks to all that joined us and new friends too to make the day special . Lots of laughs and memories .. 
Do not watch the petals fall from the < PROPFEMALE > with sadness , know that , like life , things sometimes must fade , before they can bloom again . 
memory is the sweetest flower watered by the tears of love 
Before you were conceived , I wanted you . Before you were born , I loved you . When you were born , I saw your face and knew I was in love . Before you were an hour old , I knew I would die for you . To this day , I will . with Mother's Day approaching repost this if you have children you love more than life ... 
So < PROPFEMALE > the power went out @ 4 . My 3 year old said Mommy I went potty and I broke the bathroom light . Dont be mad I broke my bedroom light too . lol so we putted around my Garden and the drove to Friendlys for early Moms day meal . Got home @ 9 . Power came on @ 10:30 Thank Goodness 4 small miracles ! 
While you SCREAM at your woman , there's aman wishing he could talk softly to her ear ... While you HUMILIATE , OFFEND and INSULT her , there's a man flirting with her and reminding her how wonderful she is . While you HURT your woman , there's a man wishing he could make LOVE to her . While you make your women CRY there's a man ... stealing smiles from her ... Post this on your wall if you're against Domestic Violence !! 
Any ideas for preschool teacher gifts . It's my AJ's preschool graduation day today , and he has to sing a song with his class . Gotta take lots of pictures , and tissues . ( Im sure the film they are showing of the kids will be a tearjerker . 
A Real Man is a woman's best friend . He will never stand her up & never let her down . He will comfort her after a bad day , and inspire her to do things she never thought she could do ; live without fear & regret . He will enable her to express her deepest emotions & give in to her most intimate desires . He will make sure she always feel invincible . \ 
\ 
\ 
No wait ... sorry ... I'm thinking of wine . \ 
Never mind . 
My 3 year old just told me that the Dinosours died a million times ago and turned into < PROPFEMALE > fossils . What is with boys and dinosaurs 
Yeah , woohoo the circus is coming 2 town at the Sussex Fairgrounds 6/26 ! 
Recently bought a dual DVD player for my car , but the cigarette lighter is not working , anyone know about installing a cigarette lighter or a good mechanic locally ? 
WTF some people really should not drink hard alchohol ! 
My dog , whose 9 months just broke off her chain . Our lifeguard just caught my dog swimming at the beach in our Lake . Annoying as that may be , she knows where to go to have fun ! 
Looks like its gonna be a quiet weekend , no barbequers again so Fireworks , or Country Fair tonight ? hmmm ... 
Today is just a great day to stay in the A/C drinking ice blueberry coffee , and watching movies on DVR . Too hot to sit on beach today . 
Just when life gives you a bowl of cherries , you take a bite and realize its a big bowl of lemons ! What a buzzkill ! 
Hey how are you . Can anything go right this week , Is something with Mercury or the planets in retrograde . Timing and communication has been horrible and all my efforts end up in a pile on the floor . Just want to cry this week . The list goes on and on ! 
Go Steelers , Have a great time at Steelers and Giants today Chey !, take pics of your Steelers outfit for me , so I can post em .! 
Looks like its just me and the dog today . Now I know why they are called best friends . lol 
< PROPFEMALE>'s 1st day at a new middle school . Lockers , 4 new teachers , all new kids , Congrats on your 1st day of 6th grade middle school ! xo mom 
< PROPFIRST > , Good luck tonite playing out with Rockin Daddy ! 
Why is it that he doesn't notice the 3 times you had to wash the kitchen floor today , but will notice when the cushions aren't perfect on the couch , and the one fingerprint on the bigscreen tv ? And why do some guys still define a great catch by how well she cleans and cooks , as long as she doesn't eat and is a size smaller than she was in highschool ? Click like if you think its pretty twisted . <3 
I wish heaven had a phone so I could hear your voice again . I thought of you today , but that is nothing new . I thought about you yesterday , and days before that too . I think of you in silence , I often speak your name . AllI have are memories and a picture in a frame . God has you in his arms ... I ... have you in my heart . Re-post if you l ... 
\Just like a crow chasing the butterflyDandelions lost in the summer skyWhen you and I were getting high as outer spaceI never thought you'd slip awayI guess I was just a little too late\ 
Phoneless today and Im startin to go thru phone & text withdrawl !!!! 
Just like a crow chasing the butterflyDandelions lost in the summer skyWhen you and I were getting high as outer spaceI never thought you'd slip awayI guess I was just a little too late\ 
Your words still serenade meYour lullabies won't let me sleepI've never heard such a haunting melodyOh , it's killing meYou know I can barely breathe 
Apple picking was alot of fun . The boys mostly climbed the trees and played apple football , but lots o fun . Warwick Valley fall foilage is the most amazing anywhere ! 
Nice day , mayb off to petting zoo at apple farm w/ my boys , then the drive-in to see the Guardian . Life is always an adventure w/ my little guys . ( especially weekends ) And always a shopping adventure and nails w/ my girl Chey . during the week ... 
k all your floors are so clean you can eat off of them now , so enjoy dining offf of them tonite - alone ~ ......... 
There is nothing worse than getting ready to make caramel apples and a little worm crawls out . EEEW ! Apple pickers beware ! True story , ask Chey ! ( AJ my 4 year old loved this) ! 
Happy Veterans day Dad , < PROPFIRST > and Uncle < PROPFIRST > ( and my cuz's and Grandpas who were Veterans too ) ...... Thank You ! 
Going to get < PROPFEMALE > pictures now . My 4 year old just told me that the gingerbread man has a weenus . I guess hes right . LMAO 
F these cars . My trans went , now the other one stalled and rolled into my neighbors woods . FML 
Artic Blast ! When will we get a break from it . I want a Carribean Christmas ! 
Steelers are kicking some serious butt today ! 
Ok , we got the fake tree out , put it up , and then decided tonite to take it down , and get a real one . Love this one , the home is now filled with the smell of Balsam ! 
Didnt think I'd like it , but chocolate wine is awesome , I think Ill have some more please :} 
Watching the Grammys , chillin with the kids , No place Id rather be on my Bday ! 
Thank you my dear friends , for all of the many awesome Birthday Wishes ! xo 
