Happy Jew Year everybody !!! 

Destruction leads to a very rough road , but it also breeds creation . 
All work and no play makes < PROPMALE > drink mass quantities of alcohol . 
Some people have no sense of humor . 
Happy Turkey Day everybody .... dont spend all your money tomorrow !!! 
has the strength of a bear , that has the strength of two bears . Eat that one Tebow 
is glad that Tebow's tears didn't spark the great flood following the SEC championship pounding . 
just killed two stones with one bird . 
just took little bro Kobe to his first predators game .... won it in the overtime shootout .... awesome !!! 
is thinking about becoming a semi professional bull rider . 
just found out that Tiger is changing his name .... staying in the cat family though ... Cheetah !!!! 
The only difference between < PROPFEMALE > Clause and Tiger Woods is that < PROPFEMALE > stops at three Ho's ... i know I'm done with the Tiger jokes ... 
just made the greatest pizza in the history of anything ... from scratch 
The holiday season is like a sore peter ... you can't beat it !!! 
Go elf yourself . 
what a time to be in the middle of a shitstorm .... tis the season i suppose . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everybody ... best wishes and a very happy holiday season 
my hobbies include going to bars and staring at women until they look at me , at which point i look away , and going to the movie that has one person in the theatre and sitting right next to them . 
thinks the United States , Australia , and England should have a threeway deathmatch to see who reigns supreme over the English language . 
is heading into nashville tomorrow ... where is everybody !!! 
is going to murder < PROPFIRST > Kiffin in the face . 
needs to find himself a woman ...... or two ... hehe 
forgot what he was thinking about . 
has a day off ... hard to believe 
is going to play a show in murfreesboro in one month ... if you want to know more ... ASK !!! and if you don't ask , i'll probably tell you about it anyway !!!!!!!! 
an eskimo drives through tennessee and his car breaks down ... wrecker comes and checks it out and says to the eskimo , looks like you blew a seal ... eskimo says well i heard yall fuck sheep 
is recovering from the concussion he suffered last night .... sledding accident ... awesome 
jam session number two complete .... we kick some < PROPMALE > ace if i do say so myself 
5 . < PROPMALE > a being of extreme sexual nature . often refered to as a scientific breakthrough because no one can stare at him longer that 2 seconds without craping their pants on a count of his astonishing beauty . \i dare you to stare at < PROPMALE > for 3 seconds\ " \ " no problem ! \ " \ " 1 .... 2 .... GOD DAMNIT !!!! \"" 
in life people trip ... most people fall ... some people turn that trip into a beautiful , beautiful dance 
has to work on his birthday .... booo 
just got off work ... what to do next 
another fleeting year passes 
just got off work ... happy birthday to me ... ha 
< PROPMALE>'s birthday so kicks < PROPFIRST>'s Days ass ... 
has been having some crazy , vivid dreams as of late ... the good are really good , and the bad are really bad ... 
was just thinking that a 10 lb bag of flour could make a really big biscuit . 
Take your time ... read the signs ... choose your path ... and live your lives !!!!!!!! 
Trust I seek and I find in you ... Every day full of something new ... Open mind for a different view 
actually has a day off ... and has no idea what to do with it 
needs to find some inspiration for some song lyrics 
is about to make the most delicious pizza ever conceived by man . 
USA ... USA ... USA 
no one could ever miss anything more than I miss ........ 
if you have ever seen whale wars , i want you to stop what you are doing right now ... go to hulu and watch south parks whale whores .... go ahead i'll wait 
is in a better mood than he has been in in a long while . 
USA all the way today !!! 
if there's a world after 2012 , I am gonna be an olympic curler in the 2014 games . 
so I need to find a place to live in the next couple of weeks ... if there's anybody out there with a room available ... ppplease hit me up ... I have money ... lol 
Sheets of empty canvas , untouched sheets of clay ... were laid spread out before me as her body once did ..... 
ran into a homeless guy on the way to the coinstar ... awkward 
Today's Horoscope for < PROPMALE > Brimm : You can do absolutely nothing right today , and most everyone you know will find a reason to be pissed off at you ..... awesome 
what a glorious day !!!! 
What can I do .... how can i prove .... u should know .... these words were meant for you . 
If life is a waste of time , and time is a waste of life .... then let's get wasted and have the time of our life !!! 
wants something ........ 
never ceases to be amazed by some of the things people do !!!! 
The awesomeness of a fart can only be measured by its flammability . 
is slowly learning to laugh at life when it shits on him in every way possible . 
is still washing green stuff off of himself from St. < PROPFEMALE>'s Day .... totally worth it though !!! 
is pretty shocked by the fact that somebody got shot in the apartment across from where he was staying last night .... pretty scary shi'ite . 
would like to know who he needs to talk to about buying the sun . 
First Elite 8 ever .... rock on < PROPMALE > top !!! 
Hope is a wonderful thing to have ... but when hope fades , we cannot lose our faith !!!! 
just amother lovely day in the neighborhood . 
thinks that this full < PROPFEMALE > is tugging on the water in his body making him do some pretty stupid stuff .... thanks gravity 
Played down every feeling I've felt , and I bottled them up til the well ran over . 
wishes this weather would last forever !!!!!!! 
not feeling too swell . 
greatest day of my life . 
today is actually the greatest day of my life !! 
yesterday's gone , and tomorrow's never come , so i guess today is once again the greatest day of my life . 
loves being right about everything all the time . 
Don't steal ... the government hates competition . 
The < PROPFIRST > on a roulette wheel add up to 666 . Keep that in mind the next time your in Vegas . 
loves being in a wonderful mood on such a beautiful day .... and to top it off , NO WORK !!!! 
Homemade pizza mixed with Sherlock Holmes and Awesome company makes for a good night . 
Predators 1 .... Blackhawks 0 .... nuff said !!! 
Little bro Kobe went 2 for 2 with a double and a homerun ... not bad for his second year , though he did learn from the best .... 
hates raining on people's parades .... unless they are parades of women ...... in white t shirts 
just saw a bird take down a squirrel .... pretty epic 
I have two days off in a row and no idea what to do with them .... will be posted up downtown thursday morning for $10 Predators playoff tickets .... who comin with me man ?? who's comin with me ? 
for whatever reason cannot stand when people say I KNOW RIGHT ?!.... ya know , right ? 
Of all the things South Park has done and said , they get censored because they were going to say and show Muhammad ... that a way to not let fear control you ........ muhammad , muhammad , muhammad , muhammad .... where o where are you muhammad !!!!! 
just made macaroni with 3d glasses on ... not as awesome as it sounds .... and yes , i am bored to answer your question 
just found an old cd case .... hendrix , incubus , < PROPMALE > matthews , kings of < PROPFIRST > , < PROPMALE > harper , sublime , < PROPFEMALE > jam .... it's like christmas !!!! 
the funny bone is the sickest joke in the history of the spoken word ... that shi'ite hurts !!! 
blah ... blah ... blah 
if your looking for god ... don't go on a journey quest in some tropical place while consuming hallucinogens .... search within yourself , but be careful .... because there are undoubtedly demons in there too .... unless your jesus , then your cool 
has lost complete radio contact with the martians . 
is so hype that the Titans picked up the guy that punched out that Boise State player on National TV . 
is once again a free man !!!! Lookout world ... 
Whatever tomorrow brings I'll be there , with open arms and open eyes ... yyyeeeeaaaaaaa !!!! 
My choice is what I choose to do , and if I'm causing no harm , it shouldn't bother you ; your choice is who you choose to be , and if your causing no harm , then your alright with me !!! 
insomniAHHHHHHH !!!!! 
just found 3 four leaf clovers , 1 five leaf clover , and 1 six leaf clover all in the time it took to smoke a cigarette .... today may be a good day to buy my first lottery ticket !!!! 
definitely didn't win the lottery . 
Don't worry , about a thing .... cause every little thing , is gonna be alright !!!!! 
Learn to swim . 
Maybe the Mayans were right ?! 
Part the seas , please !!! 
Volunteering Thursday and Friday on my days off to help the flood victims ... I recommend you do the same if your willing and able ... THANKS !!!!! 
Gets to tear down drywall in Bellevue before he has to go to work tomorrow ... how awesome is that !!! 
Just got done helping out some people in river plantation ... now that the waters gone , there is sooo much work that needs to be done ... mountains of furniture , drywall , and carpet that people are pulling out go as far as the eye can see ... great to see so many people going around with food , drinks , and first aid and such offering it up to the workers ... that's what its all about !!!!!! 
has misplaced his swagger as of late . 
Bout time to continue my volunteer work in the Bellevue area ... 
Really ? 
Stood up by 4 different people in the same night ... feels so good to be forgot ... perfect end to a shitty day .... so glad every day is a new day !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Happy Mother's Day to all the mother's out there .... we would be lost without you !!!! Especially you < PROPFEMALE > Phillips !!!! 
is in desperate need of a good time . 
saw a miniature horse in full mount on another mini horse today .... almost had a wreck from laughing so hard ... 
finally saw Dances with Smurfs .... not too shabby 
There are so many people that I miss ... just because I don't see you or hear from you anymore doesn't mean you aren't in my thoughts ... Just wanted you guys , and gals of course to know that ... and even if I do see you , there's a good < PROPMALE > I miss YOU too !!!! 
Unicorns are real ... a leprechaun told me so . 
Hope for the best ... kick the worst in the teeth !!!!! 
loves waking up in a good mood !!! 
One < PROPFEMALE > , two < PROPFEMALE > , three < PROPFEMALE > , FLOOR !!!! 
Humble , honor , generosity , loyalty .... do these words still exist ? 
I'm not the sharpest tool in the shed .... but I can still cut ya !!! 
Let's Dance .... 
Boredom is the root of all evil . 
If I eat so many popsicles , will I turn into one ? 
is military ? 
loves the days when he walks around with a kool-aid grin on for no apparent reason . 
When the rhythm , it was playin on my guitar , on my guitar .... I had to be there , I had to be there , I had to be there , I had to beeeeeee there ...... 
Scooby Doo , where are you ??? 
M ? I ? A ? 
Summertime ..... and the livin's easy !!!! 
is ever-so greatful for the friends he has and the role they play in his life .... Anybody feel the same ?? Come on now , don't be shy ... lol 
allergies .... i don't like you . 
fresh new haircut ... first shower in 4 days[jk ] ... but i can't lie , i look good today !!! 
How about them Lady Vols ... sweeping the #2 team in the nation to get their spot in the Women's College World Series ... that's what I'm talkin bout !!! 
I need a hug ..... 
desperately needs to get a tan .... somebody with access to a pool ... INVITE ME PREASE !!!! 
\Goodbye cruel world .... Hello 72 virgins !!! \ " .... I wonder if terrorists actually believe that ?? " 
The thought of you , lying next to me ... A dream come true , why can't this be ... I know I'm a fool , I just can't see ... A bird such as you , simply must be free ... I never knew , I was so good at poetry !!!! 
Happiness Initiate : Swagger Engage ...... 
For a fairly intuitive person , I sure have felt like a dumbass a lot lately . 
Somehow , someway , Someday . 
Schedule for the next 2 days : Work til 4 , clean my truck , get my shi'ite together , work til 2 , enlist with the coast guard , go take care of some loose ends , and hope for the best ..... 
One month plan .... 1 . Take care of Business 2 . Fix my Truck . 3 . Resolve current issues . 4 . Find a woman . 5 . Enlist with Coast Guard . 6 . Enjoy the time I have with friends . 7 . Stop Smoking 8 . Start on that never ending pursuit of happiness 8 . Spread that elusive happiness with EVERYONE .... ready , BREAK !!! 
Zero cigarettes today .... hey , it's a start !!!! 
I don't care how bad my singin is , I'm just gonna keep on singin this .... 
Brand new day .... who-ray !!! 
was leaning towards Coast Guard , but the Nuclear Power program with the Navy sounds pretty tasty .... 
Hey < PROPFEMALE > , you think KFC's still open ? 
My eyes have been opened , the sunrise is my prize ... a new day has dawned , so full of surprise ...... 
For the love of all that is Holy , someone please come eat at Backyard Burger in Murfreesboro right now ..... the boredom is overwhelming , and I'll hook you up !!! 
\Unselfish and < PROPMALE > actions are the most radiant pages in the biography of souls . \ " -- Somebody alot smarter than me ..... " 
Those jelly beans I was eating earlier .... they weren't jelly beans 
Brainfart ...... 
Somehow , someway , today is gonna be a GREAT day !!!!!!! 
How many rednecks does it take to get to the center of a tootsie pop you ask .... one woman and her cousband ...... 
Ya bla blee blee blu blu bluuuu ...... 
Boo Studying .... it's been awhile .... 
Of all the friends I've had , you're the first ..... 
Butterflies and Zebras ...... 
Anytime is a good time to hear from a good friend !!!!! 
What was I gonna do ....... 
You got a friend in me ....... 
I've had a qualm about my tact lately .... time to shake em off .... 
Be vewy vewy quiet ... I'm hunting wabbits !!! 
is brimming with confidence . 
Happy Fathers Day to all the fathers in Heaven and here on Earth ...... 
Enough of this mimicry , mime your own damn businazzzzz !!!!!!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > is a virtue ...... that I don't have . 
Cannot believe some of the things that happen in this world ....... 
): 
wishes\ 
he would remind himself more often of that fact that life is short , and\ 
there's no point in worrying about the petty stuff . He just needs to be\ 
positive and enjoy the time he has no matter who he's with , where he's\ 
at , or what happens !!!! \Regrets are better left unspoken . \ " -Shaun\ 
is officially the dumbest person in the world !!!! 
is gonna be < PROPMALE > over for about a week after tonight ..... 
By default , < PROPMALE > Brimm loves < PROPFIRST > Cetera . 
Why is it that whenever someone has a smart mouth stupid things usually come out of it ?! 
if your not careful , I'm gonna wash that partymouth out with beer ... 213 is the extension for the pottymouth's and soap .... 
has found his musical groove for the 1st time in a long while , sooooo let's make some magical music !? 
Nah you can't see , tucked away from view ... the beauty in me is what I do . 
is relieved to have finally had a good time again !!!!!!! 
has learned to expect the unexpected when it comes to life !!! 
is facebooked out ... 
can anything else go wrong today ? cause i sure would like to just get all the bad juju out and move on !!!!! 
Starin at the sun , deafened by the silence . 
I . Y . Q .... Y . Q . R 
and the never-ending pursuit of happiness saga continues ..... 
Anybody got an easy button I could borrow for a few decades ? 
needs to be seen . 
You may see it , you may hear it or even talk about it .... but it's only when you feel it that you know it's real .... 
I'm a lover , not a fighter , but I would sure as hell fight for love . 
has been on Cloud 9 all day for no apparent reason and LOVES it !!!!!!!!!!! 
Don't hold grudges ... I mean you saw the movies and those didn't work out too well . 
has to pull a 5-year-old move today but .... Don't talk to me . 
Two days off in a row ? What shall I do ?? 
I could read your thoughts , and tell you what you saw ... and never say a word . But now all that is gone ... over with and done , and never to return ... 
Pool ... bike ride .... pool ... gym .... pool !!! 
We all bite off more than we can chew from time to time ... you can either choke , or chew it up and swallow it . 
How did < PROPMALE > tear a muscle in his shoulder by walking up some stairs you ask ?? Because he decided to walk up them on his hands for some retarded reason !!! 
just made the the greatest purchase of his life .... that's right , the 1st 3 seasons of It's Always < PROPFEMALE > In Philadelphia !!! 
What are you doing tonight ?? 
So I go from work behind the grill where it's upwards of 120 degrees , to outside where it's in the 90s ... and when I finally make it home it's 85 in the house . I don't like you HEAT !!!!! 
There are 3 kinds of people in this world ... haha 
I miss you , you , and you ... you not so much ... but definitely you !!! 
Somebody needs to < PROPFEMALE > out with me dammit !!! 
Today is the greatest day of my life !!!! Sometimes I just have to remind myself ... 
Anger is only a letter away from Danger ... Stranger Danger , Stranger Danger !!! 
I hold the door for people and say yes ma'am and no sir ... pardon me for being a gentleman . 
scored a 93 out of 99 on the military entrance test .... I knew studying wasn't the way to go !!! 
wants to know who is gonna watch the Perseid meteor showers August 12-13 with me ... I found the perfect spot !!!! 
Look up tonight and wish upon anywhere from 60-100 shooting stars an hour !!!!! 
Why did the blonde snort sweet'n'low ? Because she thought it was diet coke . 
Time to get my shine on !! 
Just another day in paradise ... 
Happy 7th Birthday Kobe !!! 
met the single most socially retarded person on the face of this planet today . 
I'm still alive . 
Sharks have a week dedicated to me . 
< PROPFEMALE > every moment you have , because life is too short ................................ 
Just smoked a cigarette hoping to see a shooting < PROPFEMALE > to let me know my Bubba was alright .... and sure enough , the slowest , brightest shooting < PROPFEMALE > I've ever seen passed right over my field of view . I love you man . 
The shepherd must tend his flock , and at times , fight off the wolves . 
70-hour work week ... I don't like you . 
Fear the known ... Leave the unknown alone . 
It's tough being a deity sometimes . 
Is it really always < PROPFEMALE > in Philadelphia ??? 
So much for my social life .... 
Football season , Sons of Anarchy , It's Always < PROPFEMALE > in Philadelphia ... What a wonderful time of year !! 
Below me ... haha 
just learned every lick Lil < PROPMALE > has ever played on guitar in 2.13 milliseconds . 
I remember when I was 10 yrs old and my aunt < PROPFIRST > had me play for her 8 yr old baseball team ....... domination . 
Consquences will be revealed with time . And forgiveness should be left to God ... we definitely must hold on to our anger and rage ... that was a little bit of sarcasm there at the end .... 
What's on my mind ? Gettin on my feet ... That's what !!! 
Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take , but by the number of moments that take our breath away . 
When the going gets tough , the tough get going . I had better get to steppin ... 
< PROPMALE > Young ... Now we know what happens when you try to polish a turd . 
Day Numero Dos ... sucks !! But it's better than day one !!! 
Revelations 2:7 ... To him that overcometh will I give to eat of the tree of life , which is in the midst of the paradise of God . 
I am thankful for all the support and understanding that my family and friends have given me through these difficult times . Love you guys more than you know and I'm gonna miss you for the holidays !!!! 
We'll see you guys in 28 days . I hope everybody has a < PROPFEMALE > Christmas and a very Happy New Year . Love ya !!! 
My favorite < PROPFIRST > Bacon movie would have to be a tie between all of them . 
My brother lost his girlfriend in a car accident early in the morning Friday morning . She leaves behind a 1 year old child and a loving family . Please keep them in your prayers . 
