still detrmined to become a actress i finally have unlimited text text me 717-421-0467 yay 

still trying to become an actress im trying out for eclipse for the twilight saga yes its true im audintioning for < PROPFEMALE > clearwater i hope i do a good job i have to meet the deadline which happens to be june 30th i have 9 days to read over the script wooo 
still trying to become an actress im trying out for eclipse for the twilight saga yes its true im audintioning for < PROPFEMALE > clearwater i hope i do a good job i have to meet the deadline which happens to be june 30th i have 8 days to read over the script wooo 
is sad to say that i did not audition for eclipse and im regretting every moment now but i couldn't do anything about it i geuss i will become an actress another day * sob * * sniffles * long sigh 
is sad to say that i did not audition for eclipse and im regretting every moment now but i couldn't do anything about it i geuss i will become an actress another way * sob * * sniffles * long sigh 
woo hoo i auditioned for eclipse who's the best im the best im so siked 
i did it i auditioned for eclispe the movie with < PROPFIRST > launter and < PROPFIRST > pattison dude i hope i get the part 
If I Had To Choose Between Loving You And Breathing , Then I Would Use My Last Breath To Tell You That I Love You . 
If I Had To Choose Between Loving You And Breathing , Then I Would Use My Last Breath To Tell You That I Love 
If I Had To Choose Between Loving You And Breathing , Then I Would Use My Last Breath To Tell You That I Love you 
my soulmate for life 5-9-09 i think its perfect i wouldn't want anything to be different 
my soulmate for life 5-9-09 i think its perfect i wouldn't want anything to be different i love u so much baby 
baby u < PROPFEMALE > everythang ur all i ever wanted 
watchin the grudge 3 all alone in my room yay i just hope i don't scream to loud lol went to the fair yesterday it was great 
leavin for camp tomorrow wooooo !!!! camp thompson 12 more hours to go ** 5-9-09 ** i love him so much 
got back from camp i loved it ** 5-9-09 ** i love him so much 
music is awesome i don't know what or where i would be without it ( 5-9-09 ) 
music is my life i dont know where i would be without it 
going to da burg dis weekend ccan't wait seein family and friends 
im being attacked by a kitten H3lp 
liven life as always 
i think i made a mistake 
i wanna go see final destination 3D who wants to come with me 
DO THE DEW 
ASTRONOMY IS THE BEST THING SINCE SLICED BREAD OF WAIT THATS ME LOL 
ASTRONOMY IS THE BEST THING SINCE SLICED BREAD OH WAIT THATS ME LOLZZZZ 
music is the best thing since sliced bread oh wait thats * me * 
im the best thing since sliced bread ( time 4 school yay ....... not ) 
school sucked its as simple as that ] 
school was okay lol 
i wanted to go to the movies to see final destination 3D . Disappointment sucks but its all good i'll see it sooner or later 
im just chill ;) 
im just chill school should be better today 
DUDE I FOUND MY CELL PHONE 
TOTALLY SIKED FOUND MY CELL P-HONE 
super freakin happy 
oh my god abdc voted off rhythm city im soooo mad 
vma's were awesome but kanye was outta place 
alright so i so dont have a dress for homecoming . i'm thinkin i should a get dress what do you guys think . ( any suggestions ) 
rockin party man its poppin 
painting < PROPFEMALE > nails bright green for homecominf with black detail its gonna be pimp lol 
homecoming was hype yo i had mad fun 
chillen 
if u dont stand for something u will fall for anything 
archangel micheal : that is my gaurdian angel . i got to hear what my mom had to say and for those of you who know my story im sooooo happy that i got to have that moment . But now i have alot of things to work on starting witnin myself . 
im just living life one step at a time and we will see where that takes me 
nobody can do me like i do lol i am one of a kind but hey you gotta love me lol 
new cell phone number 2543955 
i'm definately not happy . my mom thinks i have swine flu . which isnt cool cause that means that i can't make my final , which then messes up my gpa . this just like a freakin snowball effect , AND I HATE IT . 
ok so its official i have the swine flu 
the news said its gonna rain please dont let it rain on my party it cant rain or that ruins my whole party so mother nature i am telling u NO IT CAN NOT RAIN !!!!!!! 
party was uhh not what i expected but i still had fun . 
don't really have anything to say for once lol shocker 
practicing for audition tommorow 
geuss who got casted in the spring musical ..... I DID I DID !!!!! im super syked WOO . congratualations to all the others who got casted WOO great job guys 
fireflies are awesome 
dragonflies suck !!!!!!! 
im addicted to GLEE . i think its the best show EVER !!!!!! 
its all good im jus gon smile and keep livin < PROPFEMALE > life 
i love happy aquariam its fun 
i have < PROPMALE > headache owwww it hurts ALOT 
SSSSSSSSLLLLLLLLLLLEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEPPPPPPPPPP !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
chillin 
For thanksgiving i am thankful for all the people in my life that care about me as much as care about them . I love my friends and family you guys are awesome and im glad your in my life . Happy thanksgiving to all 
Stupid research paper . I can't even figure how to start it UGH . 
iight so i started the reasearch paper . I have one paragraph and now i have writers block . any tips on how to write a research paper ? 
tomorrows the day i'm gonna celebrate . i'm turning 16 which means i can finally get < PROPFEMALE > permit but thats only if i earn it lol i can finally get a job . It's awesome WOOOOO HOOOOO all birthday wishes can be < PROPFEMALE > de on my facebook . 
ok so i am now offically 16 years of age and i have one thing to say : WOOOOO HOOOOO 
birthday is over lol ugh no more special treatment 
jus chillin like always 
so i got Reverend < PROPFEMALE > T . Dobson . it's kinda funny lol cause i don't even know what that character does in anything goes . i also don't remember putting that character on my auditoin sheet lol . hey but i'm down for the part WOO lol . Congratulations to all the others who got parts . this years musical is gonna be GREAT !!!!! 
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! random wooing is awesome 
GLEE !!!!! was absolutley AMAZING !!!!!!! 
watching a marathon of christmas show it is pretty awesome . reminds me of the good times . 
jus got home from a party . ugh screamin kids not so good but everythiong else was fun 
check out the new pics . they are pretty awesome comments would be appreciated too . 
it's a NEW YEAR sp let's ROCK IT !!!!! WOOOOO 
In the process of brainstorming my book pre acknowledgments 
What better way to start the new year than to take an involuntary hiking trip 
Is watching the Eagles game 
As people would say life is a new beginning u should < PROPFEMALE > it everyday . but i geuss im the weird one because i definetly don't see it that way . i see life as being gay , just to be happy is my goal that will always stay . 
im jus whatever ; ) 
jus chillen diggin the new year 
i yelled at a surfer in a hole because the voices told me to ! 
ahaha spirit fingers lol bring it on 
I OFFICIALLY HATE PARTYS ! 
he makes it difficult ..... ugh why does he have to be the sweetest guy i know ? 
Deep inside there is things i wanna say they arent bad things but still i lock them away . I wish the world could see what i see , think what i think , and hear what i say . But atlas my words if spoken just fade away like the clouds on rainy day . Confuzzled ... a little puzzled i guess life is a game we play everyday . 
i'm so close i can feel it now . i can see it now , fading away as if it never existed . obivilous to those that are gifted . drifting away slow and steady , i don't want to stay anymore . all of this is just to heavy . i can see the light in the long dark tunnel . fading away as if it never existed . soon enough i think i might visit . 
i dont know whats keeping me afloat . soaked in despair , i'm gasping from the dry air . everyday i wish you were here . but your not and no one cares . no one shed tears .... except me and now i'm alone with no one to hold me . all i have left are your not so vivid memories . all i asked is for someone to remember me . 
TIRED ... 
glad to know that i have i friends who care . thank u guys . 
for those i have asked about my sleepover make sure to let to me sometime before next week . 
First : a woman who doesn't take shit from anyone , even her own parents . She does things her way when she wants where she wants how she wants with who she wants Second : A women named < PROPFEMALE > is typically very beautiful with an incredible body and nice eyes . They are known to be very loveable . < PROPFEMALE > s are envied by other women . 
lol my look alike is awesome 
happiness resides not in possesions and not in gold , the feeling of happiness dwells in the soul 
bring it on again then mean girls .... this is a great sunday 
mean girls is over ... now it's all about the wedding planner . Later i'm going to board the titanic lol . movie sunday woo woo 
the notebook was great ... it's ok to cry for love*lil sob * . i'm boarding the titanc at 7 . you gotta love movies on sunday . 
ok so ive boarded the titanic , now im just enjoying the ride lol . i love movie marathon sundays woo woo 
there is a fire burning inside , a passion that i wish to fulfill . natures beauty envokes my soul . i've finally found my calling and starts at home . beautiful scenes of nature relaxes me fully oh how love ireland and indians 
nature !!!!! its just a great big beautiful canvas waiting to be admired 
is the world just another planet or is it a playground for us to play upon ? 
if life was musically driven my life would be a symphony . 
A love that will live forever ..... Swept away from the words that seduce the heart and caress thines soul . 
A love that will live forever ..... Swept away from the words that seduce the heart and caress your soul . 
The function of music is to release us from the tyranny of the conscious mind . 
Truth is a deep kindness that teaches us to be content in our everyday life and share with the people the same happiness . 
A tear is only 1% water and 99% emotion . 
The more i am around men , the more i want to buy a dog . At least they can keep their opinions to theirself . 
SOME PEOPLE ARE LIKE SLINKIES : NOT REALLY GOOD FOR ANYTHING , BUT THEY BRING A SMILE TO YOUR FACE WHEN PUSHED DOWN THE STAIRS . 
WISDOM TEETH : I recently had all 4 of wisdom teeth removed . The pain is incredibly painful lol go figure . Idk why they call them WISDOM teeth , because i'm not feeling any smarter/dumber lol . I think it's WISE to just leave them alone . 
Girls are like phones . We love to be held , talked too but if you press the wrong button you'll be disconnected ! 
Friendship is like peeing on yourself : everyone can see it , but only you get the warm feeling that it brings . 
When I die , I want to go peacefully like my Grandfather did , in his sleep -- not screaming , like the passengers in his car . 
Oh life , why do you have to be so difficult to interpret ? 
\I could tell that my parents hated me . My bath toys were a toaster and a radio . J.K my parents love me lol " 
Never drive through a small Southern town at 100mph with the local sheriff's drunken 16-year-old daughter on your lap . 
\Constipated People Don't Give A crap . \"" 
“I am so clever that sometimes I don't understand a single word of what I am saying . ” 
i'm a officially vegitarian now . no more meat for me 
Oh voicce pleease come back ..... I need you ( sadface ) 
ANYTHING GOES !!! come out and a fanstastic . 
musical fail on my part i totally forgot my shirt last night .... sooo no shirt for me today : ( 
ANYTHING GOES !!! come out and see a FANSTASTIC show . 
Can't wait to give another fantastic performance with an awesome cast . ANYTHING GOES . 
sneetches , belly button lint and hiking oh fun times . 
i'm kinda blank as of the moment . 
Everything happens fora reason and who are we to ask questions . Everyone just shut up and live your life . NO QUESTIONS ASKED . 
So sick of love songs ..... 
i wish i didn't have emotions .... then i wouldn't have sad , happy , scared . No emotions at all . It's all good though . No questions asked . 
ugh just another day ..... agrivating BLAH . 
just another day to ponder . 
Me encanta sentirse deprimido 
¿Por qué se siente que el mundo me abruma y el frenado mi < PROPFEMALE > 
las cosas están < PROPFEMALE > poco mejor . pero todavía me siento como si el m < PROPFEMALE > do me odia y nadie se preocupa en absoluto sobre mí o mis sentimientos . mi < PROPFEMALE > realmente apesta y no creo que yo llegue a encontrar < PROPFEMALE > novio ? 
All of the COULD haves that SHOULD have happened but did not .... makes me want a time machine . 
i still kinda want a time machine lol . but since i won't ever have one i think i will just settle for u lol . 
Lets do some math Xp Nice day+nice mood- stupid people = Happieness 
great weekend i got to < PROPFEMALE > with fam . in Harrisburg . Now i can't wait for practice tomorrow . MAN I\M PUMPED ! " 
is finally unspoken on the nature that can not be seen with ones naked eye .... 
Today was a great day . But i wish my arm was in better shape : ( 
Ah life : how you make me see my purpose ... 
Boredom has because my ackward best friend lol 
So i got 3rd place in the shot put event . It feels great but , i know i can do better than that ! 
Your limit is the sky but my limit is infinite . 
my limit is infinite 
Glee need i say more ? 
insert cool status -> (here) <- 
man i had a really cool status for my update but now i can't remember .... darn memory why do u always fail me ? 
“You have to balance reason with passion ; reason keeps you open , passion keeps your adrenaline going . ” 
i lost the game 
you know u watch to much t.v when u can recite commericals for 10 different channels in order lol . 
went driving it was nice .... if you think deathj is a nice thing . lol i need to learn how to turn into the proper < PROPFIRST > and not the oncoming traffic < PROPFIRST > . 
i LOVE storms 
is the last to know about the musical nominations .... but still is very super HAPPY . Congrats . to all the cast members 
bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored BORED BORED BORED bored bored bored bored BOOOORRRRRREEEDDDDDDDDD 
can an app just disappear like it was never there even though ... i was on it and used it for 5 mins ???????? 
today is the day that greatness will come into play . 
what happens when vomit can not come out your mouth ? well it comes out your nose u silly people ! { throwing up is not fun espicially if it breaks your cell phone } BOTTOM LINE vomit is BAD !!!!! 
wants to go see clash of the titans ! 
wants to go see clash of the titans !!!! anyone wanna tag along ? 
Eh tired of bein dizzy .... its not fun . 
After twelve years of therapy my psychiatrist said something that brought tears to my eyes . He said , \No hablo ingles . \"" 
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY !!!!! ( to all the mothers out there ) 
If love is blind , why is lingerie so popular 
did u hear about the blonde that after losing in a breaststroke swimming competition , complained that the other swimmers were using their arms . 
haha ... i'm only allowed up stairs . 
time to relax ..... ahhhh its a nice feeling . 
happy fiber day ! 
happy fiber day ! \im most known for my muffin \"" 
i love stewie griffin , he makes my day lol 
tired .... goodnight world 
Good morning world 
Boom . Boom . Boom i want you in my room . lol ( insider ) 
i would be at a loss without music ..... its my everything . 
eh .... sickness SUCKS . ready for it to over . 
feeling a lil better , but really craving a pizza place iltlain sub lol 
i'm awesome ! cause i got da swagga of a cripple lol 
its a terrorknowing what this world is about watching good friend scream LET ME OUT 
if you ask me , im ready .... 
AHHHHHHHHHH im so hyper !!!!!!!!!! and my pom poms bring all the boys to the yard AHAHAHAHAHA and your like its better then yours OOOH i could teach you but id have to CHARGE !!!! 
off to go watch valentines day goodnight world <3 
good day world <3 
im hotter then a hundred degrees 
i've got so much dough i could open a bakery lol 
apperantly now that i have red hair im considered a < PROPFEMALE > that bites people and takes their soul lmfao i guess you shouldn't stand by me then jkjk 
ima million dollar girl fo sho ive gotta love like woe ! lol 
going upload some photos <3 
bored 
its days like this that create wishful thinkng ...... 
im just like the water so beautiful and serene but upset me and i will crash upon thee showing no mercy ..... <3 <3 
Esto es solo de esos momentos en que quiero gritar tan fuerte como para aliviar toda la tensión 
i hate shallow people ! 
my mind is offline so please insert status here -> ? - < 
A little girl at the wedding afterwards asked her mother why the bride\ 
changed her mind . What do you mean ? responded her mother . Well , she\ 
went down the aisle with one man , and came back with another . 
Buenos noches mi compadres 
can i get your lips to speak my name ? 
You'll never hear the wolf cry to the blue corn < PROPFEMALE > , for whether we are white or copper-skinned , we need to sing with all the voices of the mountain , we need to paint with all the colors of the wind . 
i wanna be forever young . 
check out the new pics , let me know what you think <3 
YAY for friday ! i love weekends . 
we will find you acting on your best behavior turn your back on mother nature everbody wants to rule the world 
imma G . wait no you can stratch that cause imma Z , you know why ? cause imma be who i be , and you know people say we save the best for last so imma cast my awesome image putting a scare on ya'll like i just beat you in a scriminage cause imma {\Z \"}" 
bored .... waiting for something fun to happen . 
shawty imma only tell you this once , you're the illest ( Bah ba dah dah oh ) And for your lovin ' imma die hard like < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ( Bah ba dah dah oh ) 
to bored to care .... wants to get a replacment cell phone , i'm dying without one . 
hopefully getting a new phone on tuesday B ) 
shagbark < PROPFIRST > is in my trunk .... lol 
you think you're cooler then me . 
Here i come to save the day ready set up up and away <3 
why cant we be friends ? 
good night awesome world may you spin in orbit in peace 
all i know is that to me you look like your lots of fun open up your lovin ' arms i want some want some 
So i have finally gotten a new phone . Sadly .... i lost all my contacts in the process so if all my awesome friends could kindly messege me their number so i have it that would be cool . 
Tell me somthing good ..... tell me that you like it . 
yea my persona's so good i'll make you feel like a whole new person 
ready for summer 
People say that math is a language that everybody everywhere can understand . WELL math is completly foreign to me ..... Stupid math final you ruined my life ! 
ready to go to sleep im out ya'll goodnight <3 
LAST DAY OF TORTURE has come to an end lol . philly tommorow then party afterwards 
finally knows the true meaning of chemistry to have for another person . The top ten things you do if you have chemistry for someone . if you wanna know just ask me 
headed to Philly then back home to party : ) 
so tired had a cool time last night . switching my room back upstairs .... funfun . 
i know your not a bluffer i'll take you to go see Usher . 
chillen at the beach 
got a smokin hot tan thank you Mr. < PROPFEMALE > sun 
Lifes at a stand still i think it's time for change .... 
taking a shower then im gonna head down to the boardwalk 
Has decided to change up my style .... complete make-over : ) 
ok so i will have 1 extra ticket to for someone to see rihanna/ka$ha in concert with me the only thing i want for it is transporatation . so the deal is u have to go to the concert with me to get the ticket if anyone is interested let me know ! 
Breath into my hands i'll cup them like a glass to drink from . ??? 
why is it that love keeps toying with my emotions . 
if i can't get you out of my head maybe your supposed to be there . Well i don't want you to be in my head i'd rather have you in my arms <3 <3 <3 
nature glistens like gold-An everlasting story untold-Leaves so beautiful-Water so tranquil-Adams apple- Eves will . The sun shines everyday-I look up to the sky to brighten my day-The wind whispers in my ear-Telling me what i want to hear-Dirt and terrain spread across everywhere-Flowers paint a colorful canvas-Diamonds < PROPFEMALE > like the stars- <3 
I <3 Love 
I hope you don't mind , I hope you don't mind that i put down in words how wonderful life is , now your in the world . 
Sweet Dreams world <3 <3 <3 ZZZZzzzzzz 
<3 Forever ain't Enough <3 
My mind is on vacation insert awesome status -> Here <- 
chilling in Harrisburg happy 4th of july everyone !!!! <3 
Home sweet Home 
my immortal 
POKE me if you've ever had a crush on me . LIKE this status if you think i'm pretty . Put a SMILE if we are friends . Put a SAD FACE if you think i'm abad person . Put HEART if you love me and always will . Now let's see who's brave enough to copy and paste as their status ! :) 
outside tanning if ya need me text it <3 
back from tanning it was nice but its way to dang hot so i came in and now im half baked lol 
i wanna go hiking anyone wanna join me ? 
why is it that i love getting new clothes but i hate spending the time to get them .... hmm Anyone else feel the same way ? <3 
i shouldn't have to rhyme these words in a rythem for u to know its a rap 
going to the newville fair for my lil sisters pageant if ya need me text it <3 
super happy right now cause my lil sister won little miss newville yea thats right she did and shes AWESOME 
going to philly in the AM . Well goodnight world <3 <3 <3 
had an awesome time in philly and < PROPFEMALE > garden made my day lmao 
it's friday the 13th and geuss who's playing < PROPMALE > ! 
Fine . Fresh . Fierce ... I got it on lock 
Hookah smoking caterpillars with wisdom are AWESOME .... anyone agree ? 
really wants school to start ? ? ? cause this is my year 
wishes today was two saturdays from today 
Acting is fun but acting for commericials is better <3 <3 <3 
ME- i'm GAY ! : ) FRIEND- wait ! whoah since when are you gay ? ME- since i ate skittles , i ate them and they made me happy . FRIEND- .... Oooo ok . ME- wait did u just assume i was homosexual ?!? FRIEND- noooo of course not ha ... ha what kind of friend just assumes things now ... like who does that anymore ? ME- yea whatever ... u totally did lol . MORALE of this segment DONT JUDGE PEOPLE even if they are your friends . 
Good night world <3 <3 <3 
you can get with this or you can get with that 
Yo momma so old that when she was in school , there was no history class . 
<3 Good night all <3 
We live in an age when pizza gets to your home before the police . 
got my schedule !!!! 
my schedule is pretty boring lol but i'll live ... hopefully : ) on the bright side there always after school activities X ) 
Come what may into our lives if no one asked quesions we would all be wise ... 
\Love is a many splendid thing . Love lifts us up where we belong . All you need is love ! \ " Movie Moulin Rouge " 
The 80's man , that decade all around just gives me a happy feeling . <3 
why do puppies have to be like sour patch kids- first they're sour then they're sweet(when sleeping of course ) lol 
\It is the passion that is in a kiss that gives to it its sweetness ; it is the affection in a kiss that sanctifies it . \"" 
UGH !!! finally done mowing .... Time to hit the shower <3<3<3 
is watching < PROPFIRST > wilder then P.S i love you . its a nice day <3 
i think i love irish , latin , and brittish guys . they have accents and personalities that make me well float on a cloud of perfectness lol . <3 <3 <3 
it definately needs to be thursday . ( waiting for the delivery guy ) 
where's an insprirational quote when u need one ? if anyone has one feel free to comment 
i <3 pretty little liars 
oh woe is me 
what to do .... ' ? ' 
the power of music can make love grow stronger 
\Long-range goals keep you from being frustrated by shor t-t erm failures . \"" 
new laptop arrives tomorrow i can't wait 
< PROPFIRST > bieber is OVERRATED 
listen to my heart can u hear what it says telling me to give you everything seasons may change winter to spring but i love u until the end of time come what may ! 
dont you know the bird is the word .... EVERYBODY knows the bird is the word !!! 
finally got the new laptop and it's AWESOME !!!!!!! 
Did i mention how AWESOME it is ? 
UGH so tired i think it's time to catch some Z'z 
well nothing says i'm bored like watching a spongebob marathon :D 
went to see INCEPTION ( which was intriging ) then came home and watched anything goes . i believe my day was good ! 
Philly was fun i have APTC camp tomorrow so LET'S DO IT ! 
SOOOO ready for bed 
home from aptc camp it was fun but now i'm tired soooo good night world 
SLEEP !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! AND then camp lol 
SOOOOO i think everyone local should come out and support me ... or the program itself on friday . What is friday ? you ask ... WELL ! friday is the day that Allenberrys APTC puts on show at 12noon . AND the songs are as followed-0 rent/wicked mash up , thinks , you can't stop the beat , hardknock life , carrying the banner , buschel and a peck and lastly wedding day 
After this long busy energic week , i deserve to SLEEP lol . The show was AWESOME so every drop of sweat was worth it . 
How did we meet ? post this as ur status n see who remembers ! 
listening to the beatles <3 
a wise man once said ....... ( nothing ) because silence is < PROPFEMALE > 
does anyone have a oovoo 
i think i felt my heart skip a beat im standing here and i can hardly breathe you got me oh i just cant get enough 
I , I just died in your arms tonight <3 
i can see it now ..... 
if i had a cool status to type in here i would , sadly i don't so you'll have to settle for this lol 
going to go see daughtry tonight wont be back til late . this is gonna be AWESOME 
back from daughtry concert stand by for pics <3 
tired , but can't wait for the beauty and the beast auditions tomorrow <3 
auditions were good and apparently i should make a web show with Jazmyne Markham haha we already have fans . 
10 ----- years from now , you see me married to ________ , working as a ________ , \ 
with________kids , living in ________ . Set this as your status and see \ 
what people say about you 
Is thinking about making a webshow anyone have any comments on that ? 
Me a student ambassador ? well sure why not 
all i need is a life full of laughter 
forget about a life with worry , pain and , sorrow . instead open your mind and imagine the world of tomorrow without a care live with love just be a dove . 
Lil Wanye <3 
you can < PROPFEMALE > have a swagg like mine but u can go head and try you're like a puppy tail waggin all the time 
uh i think i'm gonna take shower then go to sleep good night <3 
wait ! i can't sleep haha how could anyone sleep when they're anticipating tomorrow ... ( ahem ) and their e-mail 
And now i can sleep .... 
it's not worth fighting for ..... 
If happieness is the key to life , then i must be a janitor because i have to many emotions < PROPMALE > up on a keychain . 
AHHH Pretty Little Liars Finale !!!!!!!!!!!!!! <3<3<3 
i hate < PROPMALE > hangers ! but on the bright side i know who did it , so waiting til september wont be that hard . ( ... i hope )- pretty little liars 
wants to go to the lake but no ride ugh 
so i didn't go to the lake which means i did my chores and now i'm just chilling . : ) 
13 days until the first day of school . YEEESSSS !!!!!!!! i can't wait , i'll finally have a life again hahaha 
< PROPFEMALE > Minaj <3 - your love 
so i wanna see < PROPFIRST > pilgrim on friday . Anyone plannin to go see it ? 
Friday !?!?!?!?!?!?! please hurry 
my gift is my song so listen to my heart and you'll hear it sing . 
i had a dream last night were i was a cup in the beauty and the beast musical . now if only it would become reality lol 
how much are you like < PROPFEMALE > minaj ? -- My Result : 100% . http://quizme.heroku.com/quizzes/716480/referrals/status?aid=1338890508 
Copy this to your status . see what people rate you . Don't be shy ! ( 1 ) crazy . ( 2 ) wish we went out . ( 3 ) talkative . ( 4 ) sarcastic . ( 5 ) lovable . ( 6 ) sexy . ( 7 ) strong . ( 8 ) spoiled . ( 10 ) mouthy . ( 11 ) wild . ( 12 ) goofy . ( 13 ) funny . ( 14 ) awesomly awesome . ( 15 ) amazing . ( 16 ) beautiful . ( 17 ) cute . ( 18 ) i ... could marry you . ( 19 ) ... i ... want you . ... ( 20 ) i love you ... choose wisely .. ; 
OOOOMMMMMGGGOOOSSSHHH !!! i hate waiting when will i get that email ? AAARRGGGHH !!!! 
This is by far the worst day ever ! ( excluding one day in april ) 
sigh ... 
and again sigh ........... 
is watching Grease 2 
is ridin solo until i can find that person that is everything i could hope for . That person that i can be real with . Someone who i can i love and be loved in return . Someone that can make time stop when im in their presence . 
yea it's true ...... i'm official . i don't need those stripes or a whistle haha :) 
went to see vampires suck , it is AWESOME and insanely funny . I advise anyone over the age of 13 to see it haha . 
your my own personal brand of heroine 
audition tonight for FAME , wish me luck . 
ok so i audtioned for fame and everything went well except for the singing , sadly my voiced cracked a couple times other than that it was AWESOME . 
When Life Gives You a Bad Romance , show everyone your Poker Face , buy a new Telephone , call < PROPMALE > , and you guys Just Dance ! 
is getting ready for hershey park and rihannas concert tonight . :) this is a good day 
The concert was PHENOMIALLY AWESOME like i didn't think that a concert could be that GREAT . < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > French and i had our seats upgraded for FREE to the very front first 5 rows almost . Man that concert was EPICALLY FUN , Ka$ha was fantastic and so energectic , and Rihanna had many cool effects it was legit . THIS was the best way to end my summer !!!!! 
man i got summer hatin on me cause im hotter then the sun got spring hatin on me cause i ain't never sprung winter hatin on me cause im colder then ya'll and i would never fall im bein hated by the seasons so forget ya'll im bein hated for no reason - lil wanye 
i'm forever married to music , everytime i sit back and listen all the pain inside just drifts away . i could get lost for an eternity music is my secruity . 
<3 music <3 
does not want to talk anymore !!!!!!!!!! cause everytime i open my mouth it creates problems !!!! so forget it ...... 
had an awesome first day of school and didn't want it to end ! even considering the ackwardness of walking into spanish class late cause i miss read me schedule 
ok so i eat A lunch and i could use some awesome friends to sit with , so who eats A lunch and wouldn't mind sitting with me ? 
Waiting for him to get on so i can talk to him <3 <3 <3 
bed ..... then School !!!!!! YAY !!!! 
MY snooze button and I got reaqainttted this morning , but i'm awake now and ready for school so LETS DO IT !!! :) 
LOL smileyFace 
STILL !!! need someone to sit with at lunch lol :D 
buenos Noches Yo me llamo < PROPFEMALE > , que hablas espanol ? Si es No 
what has 2 thumbs and got calledback for FAME ----> THIS GIRL ! now lets hope my day gets even better . :) <3 
If i got lost in my thoughts , i think i would be murdered and if im not murdered then i will have commited suicide because getting lost in MY thoughts is suicide cause i will never make it out alive lol 
FAt guy in a LITTLE coat :D 
HA !!!! the mystery of \smh\ " has been solved ... ( drumroll ) it means SHAKING MY HEAD hahaha " 
is waiting for a cast list to arrive in her inbox 
ok so i think it's pretty safe to say its been 24 hours .... still anxiously awaiting that e-mail to arrive in my inbox . :D 
has finished mowing and now she's chillen 
i always bring the record like < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > 
is starting to think that she may not have gotten a part in FAME ..... still wanting an email though :) 
Is going INSANE !!!! waiting for that email .... 
is watching the emmys , and can't wait for tomorrows rehearsel for FAME 
is sad because twitter won't let her log in :( 
Is off to attend another day of school because the law said so ! lol- actually i like school :) 
Dude i'm tired and i probably shouldn't be . 
is watching cartoons haha story of my life ! :) 
handsome , tender , soft , why do u look right through me thinking NO i can't deny my feelings growing strong i try to keep believing dreaming on and eveytime i see u i cry more , i wanna pull u closer-closer-closer-closer but u leave me feeling frozen **** Malchik Gei malchik gei i can be all you need wont u please stay with me <3 
everytime i hear that song it's like i feel the strong emotion behind the lryics , i get butterflies and it's just wonderful the song is fantastic . can anyone relate ? 
is frustrated because she's trying to learn a new song on her keyboard but her hands won't cooperate . Grr stupid hands wont play the different music together .... so piano players help me out . 
School in the AM then Back home and then out again to the KICK-OFF DANCE !!! WOOO XD 
school -> home -> KICK-OFF DANCE WOO i've got a green light stick lolz 
Whoah man it's supernova hot outside lol 
is listening to AWESOME TECHNO- push me and then just touch me until i get my SATISFACTION ! 
getting for the K-O dance : outfit , CHECK shoes , CHECK attitude , CHECK green light stick , YOU KNOW IT lol 
DUDE ! K.O dance was KICKIN and all my awesome friends made it better ... GREENLIGHT STICKS are LEGIT and jiminey the cricket was cool HAHA 
wishes she had her drivers liceanse so she could drive to fun places and hangout with friends 
had an awesome time yesterday hanging with < PROPFIRST > over at his house <3 today was fun as well went to a family reunion :) and got a pocket knife . 
... is my name & I am a Facebookaholic 
HAHA the park with < PROPFEMALE > Noreika today was fun . who knew the spinny thing could make u sooo sick lolz 
Eh school ..... 
If women ruled the world there would be no wars . Just a bunch of jealous countries not talking to each other . 
YEA MAN i finally got my guitar !!!! i'm super happy :) 
is going to join the National Gaurd in October . 
the WEEKEND is HERE the WEEKEND is HERE haha YESSSSS !!!! 
Well ... it's officially the WEEKEND !!!! .... Now what should i do ? haha 
I hate you , You hate me , Lets make a plan to fry < PROPMALE > , I'll bring the skillet , You'll bring the grease , HA HA < PROPMALE > Rest in Peace !! 
... Laugh your heart out , Dance in the rain , < PROPFEMALE > the moment , ignore the pain , Live Laugh Love , Forgive&Forget , Life's too short to live with regrets 
i find it shocking that there is a song to express everything but i think it's cool :) <3 
why does everything have to be so dang difficult . Grr i want an easy button ! someone take me to staples quick lol 
well i know what i want now and it's definately you . i <3 you and i would give anything to be in your arms right now ! 
If you could pick a category for me to be in what would be ? : Class Clown-nerd-dork-theatre geek-music junkie-gansta-or anyother thing you can think of lol 
unspoken ... i guess i'm just in a blah mood today ( sigh ... ) 
is watching WIPEOUT haha watching people fall is funny but watching fat people fall is < PROPFEMALE > . ha i think it would be fun to go on wipeout . 
i want to have a good day today :) so heres hoping ....!!!! 
When i say LADY \ 
GAGA !!!!! what comes to mind ????? 
yes i am random , but without random people in the world we would live in a box . And that's no fun ... 
Well I thought if i tried to forget you the pain would lessen , but as days go by and minutes pass on the pain only progresses in the back of my mind . Everyday a new memory comes in my head making me wonder why is such a good person dead . 
Well If you follow a rainbow What will you find ? perhaps you will spy a unicorn or the lucky charms guy haha XD 
i am pleased to anounce tonights weather report on the sky ! It is currently cloudy with a NEW < PROPFEMALE > !!!! That was for all you Twi-Hards out there Thank you and goodnight 
Best friends are the people that stick by your side no matter how annoying you get and never stop loving you . 
cause i ain't no hollaback GIRL haha : D 
won't u take me to TRACTOR TOWN !!!!! won't you take me to TRACTOR TOWN !!! haha had fun yesterday with < PROPFEMALE > and her family we went to < PROPMALE > to watch tractor pulls .... i think . 
going out to mow the grass ... be back when it's dark i guess lol 
behind every cocky person there is a < PROPFEMALE > timid person tied up inside them hahaha 
What Is 7 inches long , in guys pockets&Girls love to blow it .? Give up ... \ 
Money U Nasty minded perverted sicko ! 
girls are emotional NINJAS l ) 
it's been two weekstoo long < PROPMALE > haha but dude im BACK !!!! 
im a very random person with ADD now i do love lucky charms but OMG COOKIESS i most def . like < PROPFEMALE > more SQURRIEL .... hahahaha 
open gym tonight 
OH Snap .... Krackle .... and pop hahaha 
tranquil as a < PROPMALE > but on fire within 
we must be swift as the coursing river : with all the force of a great typhoon : with all the strength of a raging fire : mysterious as the dark side of the < PROPFEMALE > ! 
we are all connected to each other in a circle , in a hoop that never ends 
i can open your eyes take u wonder by wonder-Aladdin ( yes i'm quoting disney songs ) 
well the devil went down to < PROPFEMALE > and MUD WRESTLED haha yea i went mud wrestling yesterday with < PROPFEMALE > . who would a thought this city girl would do that .... 
Has serious upper adomen pain it's KILLER it even hurts to breath and it hurts so bad i want to throw up . I just wish it would go away . 
So i feel alot better my abdomen doesn't hurt anymore 
Is watching < PROPFEMALE > the Vampire Slayer 
movie day ? I think YES haha baby sittin the youngins and watchin movies all day ... life is good 
As my movie day continues the movies i've seen are as followed- Xmen : the origins , i love u < PROPFEMALE > cooper , underdog ( the orignal ) < PROPFEMALE > the vampire slayer , astro boy , pochantas . and many more to come . 
and as my movie day comes to an end the last in my line up is ( DRUM ROLL .... ) the NOTEBOOK and idk what happens next lol 
THE NOTEBOOK : It never gets old :) 
everytime i watch the notebook at the end i always cry ... i could watch it a million times and would still end up with tears in my eyes . 
HAs a youtube channel thats has a new found webshow u guys should check it out it kinda an advice type thing were people give questions and i answer them :) so ask away . 
Who really knows Me ? I Bet NOBODY can answer all these questions ... FullName : _______________Age : ________\ 
Birthday : ___________ Eyecolor : _________Favorite \ 
color : ___________Favorite Person : _____________Favorite Song : ______ ... \ 
lets see who knows me 
i just made a bunch of point videos on youtube check them out they are funny 
waitin for glee to come on and then bed and then psat ..... fml just be happy :) 
GLEE is on !!! after bed then PSAT ... fml just be happy 
WHEN LIFE GIVES U LEMONS MAKE LEMONADE .... but i'm allergic to lemons \ 
:( 
purple llamas are legit 
yvan eht nioj yvan eht nioj YVAN EHT NIOJ !!!!!!! 
sugar spice and everything nice these were the ingridients chosen to create the perfect little girls but proffesor utonium accidently added an extra ingridient to the concauction CHEMICAL X thus the POWERPUFFS GIRLS were BORN !!!!! haha 
bought a ticket to go see Beauty and the beast tonight at 7:30 who all is going ? 
Well it only took me 8 HOURS to finish mowing my yard but its done .... 
If i had a dollar for everytime i thought about you man i'd be < PROPMALE > ...... :) 
off to go see beauty and the beast i'll be back later :) 
Im finally back from a FANTASTIC SHOW beauty and the beast was unbelievilby extradinarily fabulous if you havent seen yet tomorrow is last < PROPMALE > !!! so DO IT . great job guys 
If i had 5 bucks for everytime i said something random i would be a trillionaire forget being a billionaire lol 
\BANG BANG take a shot love me now love me not\ " -Millionaires " 
SO just a heads up . i wont be talking in favor of pro-life . If u talk to me and i dont answer you its not because im being rude its because of that . or maybe your someone i just plain old dont like .... lol just kiddin but i wont be talking 
so i cracked .... and i feel sad , all the hours i spent not talking wasted . but at least i tried and it was for a good cause . wear purple tomorrow for homosexual suicides .... 
Is TOTALLY wearing PURPLE tomorrow . Those of you who aren't live in grandmas bikini bottom .... lol 
totally had a wonderiffic day !!!!!!!! 
I'VE GOTTA A FEELING ..... that tomorrows gonna be good day Wooo Hooo :) 
Oh Life , what woulds i do without your lessons and constant obsticales ? WAIT I KNOW !!! id live happily on a tropical island ...... HAHA not really 
i like to think that somewhere over a never ending rainbow that birds do fly and freedom is givin with every sunrise to every color until the day that person dies 
cause when im kissin u it all starts making sense :) 
Just a city girl born and raised in harrisburg she took a midnight ride in a cadillac going everywhere . street fights people hopeing just to make it home heart ache when their \cousin\ " diiiieees but in the end some will win and some will lose . then their family is singin the blues and it goes on and on and on and on . " 
feels like taking a bike ride today :D it's beautiful outside . 
SO i went on a wonderfully peaceful bike ride for about 4miles . while i was biking i saw horses , chipmunks , donkeys ? and THEN on my way back i saw ... a FRESHLY KILLED SQUIRREL !!!!! i was about 3ft away and it ... was ... AWESOME !!!! lol only on a country bike ride would i see all of this . 
is now watching .... SPACE JAM !!!! man this was my fav . movie when i was little lol 
i could totally go for a taco right now like yum ^o^ 
i could totally go for a taco right now like yum :-D 
oh facebook withdrawl ... how u kill me 
well i woke up late which means i didnt get to do my hair grr this day is gonna be interestin . 
Im so half white and nerdy haha its NERD DAY 
now im feelin so fly like a g6 
earth angel earth angel wont u be mine my darling dear i'll love you all the time . 
handin cady to the kiddies and my face is scary so come if u dare but to get < PROPFEMALE > u must look into my evil stare MWAAAAUUUAAHAHHAHHAHAHAHAHAA 
well im chillin ' at home no one here except me myself and i so im gonna have a grand ole time playin cod and watchin tv 
is watchin tv cause i kept dying in cod but god of war was fun :) 
about to go outside to mow the grass ..... fun 
Doing a video chat - click the link to join --> http://tinychat.com/iliketacos 
Even honest < PROPMALE > lied . So my point is you can tell the truth all you want but somewhere someone is calling you a liar . 
SO school we meet again !!!! 
GAY FOR A DAY YEA BABY HAHA 
is watching get him to the greek . :) 
all night imma whip that thang allstate better put a claim on it . - Ludacris 
its a saturday ..... 
well i have the oppurtunity to spend the night over someones house tonight only problem it's a saturday and its last minute ... < PROPFEMALE > im guessing not many people are available . :( 
im totally watching pokemon ! ... don't hate lol XD 
i think im cool lol :) those who agree rise up . 
is watching flubber :-D 
well my weekend is coming to an end . the last on my list is mowing yard so i'll be back later- chow 
feels like watching juno :) 
i hate thinking about poeple i want but cant have ..... 
ima show u what your worth i'll take all your stress away and give u a brighter day .... :) 
If you think I'm cute , like this status . If you love me , put a ? . If I'm you're friend , put a :) If you've ever wanted to go out with me , poke me . If you miss me , put a :/ If you ever had a crush on me , message me saying so . If you're not scared , post this as your status 
im just what your heart prescribed 
I know what i want she got what i like im tryna taste that juicebox tonight shawty whats yo flava 
only on mondays 
Lately ive been hard to reach ive been too long on my own everybory has a private world where they can be alone are u callin me are u tryna get through are u reachin out for me cuz ive been reachin out for u -eminem 
dude i love cartoons :) 
when in doubt spongebob is your way out 
music invokes my soul 
you a Chihuahua im a Rottweiler 
oh beast ... hahahaha i enjoyed glee last night 
Like this status and I will tell you ; 1 . Something I learned about you from your wall , 2 . The color you remind me of , 3 . My first memory of you , 4 . An animal you remind me of , 5 . Ask something I've always wanted to ask you , 6 . Give you a nickname , and 7 . Challenge you to make this as your status 
uhm im rewatching glee poor < PROPMALE > . 
so i want the world to know that \but i'm a cheerleader\ " is the cutest homosexual movie EVER and i absolutely LOVE IT !!!! " 
no matter what my mouth gets me in trouble ALOT .... 
oh my AWESOME i almost died from laughter GREAT JOB to the red cast of arsenic and oldlace it was extremely funny and i enjoy every minute of it !!!! 
today is saturday ... and because it is saturday it is also a work day and that explains why i am out of my bed at 7:30 am . 
is watching chicago :) 
well chicago is over and now im playin cod with my brother 
what's on the agenda for today .... madden followed by fame and then back home to chill and play madden some more . 
well fame was absolutley AMAZING !!!!! great job < PROPFEMALE > Meals you really rocked . 
i think everyone should check out my youtube channel under heavencalling911 
don't u just love school on mondays ..... hmm let me think NO . 
haha omg lol < PROPFEMALE > :) x and o's lmfao .... 
COPYTHISINTO UR STATUS AND SEE WHAT PEOPLE RATEYOU , | 1 . violent . | 2 . I'dmarryyou . | 3 . sweet . | 4 . beautiful . |5 . talkative . | 6 . hot . | 7 . fit . |8 . funny . | 9 . fun . | 10 . perfect type . |11 . i love you . | 12 . missingyou . |13 . retarded . | 14 . blonde . | 15 . thebest |16 . wish u ....... were my boyfriend/girlfriend 
well i hope that u know what i know u know about what i know that i told u so u would know .... :) 
well if my life was any more perfect i'd have to say that i'm dreaming .... :) 
i am not a lesbian ... i SWEAR i like boys lol 
you know the greatest creations were nothing before they became something . 
things not to say at a AAA support group yo i just heard that the bar is havin a drink all you want night let's go party !!!! lol or who wants to read tequilla mockingbird 
why does my heart cry with feelings that i can't fight 
my gift is my song so listen with your heart cause this ones for you . 
i miss my long hair so much .... i want it back . 
so leaves we meet again .... Eh going outside to do the leaves ill be back in oh ... 8-9 hours :( 
hey now your an allstar get your game on go play . 
waiting for an important email\ 
* 8 more days * 
conflictions suck 
callback or Chorus .... I dont know what to do ? GAH i think im screwed 
cant nothing hold me down im gonna touch the sky 
todays agenda * countys followed by callbacks and then finally home :) 
hmm so i may be wrong but apparenlty this \santa\ " guy knows when i'm sleeping ... and when im AWAKE TOO !! man this guy is a creeper ! someone should put HIM on the NAUGHTY list .... lol " 
im thinkin baby you and i are undeniable 
its better to die loved and been loved in return then to have died unloved and alone ... 
you know when your starting to grow up if you think and care alot more about others and you begin to think with your heart and not just < PROPFEMALE > 
i think im fallin and i dont know why but i wont fight these butterflies ? ? ? 
well HAPPY THANKSGIVINING EVERYONE !!!!!!!!!! lets all go be fat and enjoy that wonderful YUMMY food :) 
I think im a lil bit in love with you <3 
baby your a firework <3 
its not rain its not hail its SNOWWWW !!!!!!!! 
get it got it good we gotta get it going cause i dont want you confused it always better knowing that ima shining < PROPFEMALE > and all the haters in this world you know who you are cant stop what i set out to be cause ima do me ***** <3 
well in great battle i have bleed and spent DREADFUL hours i have WON i have the honor to say i have DEFEATED the LEAVES !!!!!!! MWAHAHAHA 
i'll never let u go ur the one ive been searchin for us together just feels so right your my shining < PROPFEMALE > in the darkest of night so take my heart and hold on to it tight . 
i just had the best pre-birthday dinner celebration thanks guys you rock !!!! 
im officially 17 
this should be the best birthday ever !!!!! 
some birthday this is turning out to be .... On another happier note thanks for all the birthday wishes guys you're all awesome . 
all the birthday wishes i got today from all the awesome people make me very happy thanks guys 
so im off to this place that they call school ... Todays gona be a good day im makin sure of it ! 
it gets better <3 
\it has been reported that the pink triangle prisoners often received the worst workloads and were continually harassed and beaten by both guards and other prisoners\ " . In case you dont know the pink < PROPFEMALE > was worn by homosexuals in the concentration camps . Yeah i bet you didn't know they were apart of the nazi regime torture methods did you ? " 
so these letters of the alphabet that i am typing in here are being used for my new awesome status so enjoy 
i say potatoe you say ... Popcorn WHAT ? haha 
is very very tired .... 
TGIF !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! party saturday 
i dont need to be caught up in childs play so if you got something to say grow up and say it to my face 
is watching the wedding singer , i gotta get my 80's on haha then im going to sleep so goodnight world :) 
PARTY woot woot at 4pm i cant wait !!!! 
video killed the radio < PROPFEMALE > !!!! haha waitin for my PARTY 
When i say MY PARTY you say ROCKED . MY PARTY --- ROCKED !!!! yea im glad everyone who came had fun cause i had fun !!! thanks guys :) 
This just isn't my week 
no matter what drama seems to find me . 
nothing matters right now except you and me so you remember that <3 
yea when i get where im going there'll be only happy tears i will shed the sins and struggles i have carried all these years and ill leave my heart wide open i will love and have no fear yea when i get where im going don't cry for me down here - < PROPMALE > Paisley 
I love you ... enough said <3 11-16-10 <3 
so GREAT NEWS my laptop is back in my hands ... and everything is intact !!!! i'm a happy girl :) 
i very much enjoy the itunes radio streaming technology 
is chilling at home . :) <3 11-16-10 <3 
I really want my own talk show . Man i think it would be cool and fun :) <3 11-16-10 <3 
well miley < PROPMALE > is just doing one stupid thing after another isn't she ? 
If i had a radio station of my own would you guys listen it ? 
i should tell her that i love her and i need her tonight that the stars are only second to her beautiful eyes <3 11-16-10 <3 
\Her lips Her lips I could kiss them all day If she'd let me\ " <3 11-16-10 <3 " 
Last name EVER first name GREATEST 
I want her all for my own , I want her all alone , i should tell her that my mornings are the best when i wake , And see an angel with a smile gracefully on her face . <3 11-16-10 <3 
Auditions were super fun !!!! just saying .... And i'm going to sleep now :) <3 11-16-10 <3 
I have the courage to say what is on my mind and not hold back . So I really want to hold a school assembly and say some things about bullying and gay rights . 
Let the rain fall down and wake my dreams let it wash away my sanity cause i wanna feel the thunder i wanna scream let the rain fall down im coming clean 
OOOO EEEE OOOO i am the winkie general !!! 
What great timing haha the wizard of oz is on and i'm totally watching it :) 
so i saw TRON 3D today . my review ... It was action packed but it did have dull moments , i laughed , anticipated , and almost cried ( but that just me lol the movie isn't sad ) overall it was good . :) recommed ? yea i do . 
LAST DAY OF SCHOOL ... for now haha . I'm ROCKIN a christmas TIE :) 
< PROPMALE > dunham : < PROPFIRST > - i want to see the girls < PROPMALE > - what makes you think the girls want to see you ? < PROPFIRST > - < PROPFIRST > has the stick . AHAHAHAHHA 
HAPPY CHRISTMAS AND < PROPFEMALE > NEW YEARS TO ALL . i hope everyone has a wonderful BREAK ... Ah no school :) how awesome is that ! 
Even though you are not physically here with me this christmas , i know you are here in spirit and i love and miss you mom . :) < PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS 
BEST CHRISTMAS EVER !!!!!! < PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS EVERYONE :) 
I'll take my chances and maybe make it better 
Commitment requires responsibility 
I speak the truth but I guess that language is foreign to y'all -lil wanye 
Drove to and from rehearsal tonight by myself and I didn't crash . Man I think having a license is the start of wonderful things to come 
Even a city girl like me sometimes needs a good ol ' country boy . :) 
Is watching moulin rouge for the millionth time Haha it never gets old \ the greatest thing you'll ever learn is just to love and be loved in return \"" 
whoa oh Whoa oh stuck like glue you and me baby were stuck like glue hahaha I think I've finally cracked I'm turning country . 
Watching the eagles game , they're gonna defeat the Vikings cause they're beast like that ! 
Well we lost but the eagles will win next game 
I just had the most awesome western dream ever !!! 
Is watching freedom writers 
Death does not stop love it makes you wait a little longer 
I'm thinkin ' maybe , I can't have relationships . cause lately , there not makin ' any sense . And baby , you're the one thing on my mind but that can change anytime . -double vision 
I'm thinkin ' maybe I can't have relationships . Cause lately , they're not makin ' any sense . And baby , you're the one thing on my mind but that can change anytime . 
Is watching a 1000 ways to DIE . I love this show . 
Manswers is a funny show 
Omgosh < PROPMALE > is playing my favorite episode of The rugrats .... this tricycle is not for you ! I'm happy right now . :) 
Nothing to do but sit here and watch movies 
I think I'm going to write a book . 
New years resolution- write a fantastic book , drop 50 lbs haha and kiss the person I love . <- that seems pretty good to me . :) 
WE LOST ... THE EAGLES LOST !!!!!! Man that's bull . 
Well then , I believe it's time for school .... BLAH I dont wanna get up five more days ... please 
Dancing like a dork at musical rehearsal lol 
Heading to rehearsal I'll be back at 9 
Back from < PROPFEMALE > cotter rehearsal watching family guy then PRETTY LITTLE LIARS !!!!!! Man I love this show 
... school AGAIN . Someone should change this haha 
I believe It's time for me to post .... MUSICAL PICTURES !!! 
FINISHED !!! I uploaded pictures from Musical rehearsals so far . I hope you guys enjoy them !! 
And Thus another AWESOME musical journey BEGINS !!!! 
unconditional love is the best love of all <3 That's the only type of love i give . 
You want the < PROPFEMALE > girl watch me get it cause for you I'll do anything no regretting 
True story : Me :( I open the front door ) OMG SNOW ... ( walks towards bus stop ) Dad : your up early . Me : no I'm not I'm going to school . Dad : you have a two hour delay I forgot to tell you I was out here shoveling . Me : for real your not kidding ? Dad : no I'm not . Me : yes ! Dad : now your up early so you can shovel . Me : NOOOO ! 
If your not gonna take the time to let it change you then what's the point of doing it ? 
If you ended 2010 single make this your status . If someone sends you a <3 in your inbox then they want a shot with you in 2011 . 
Well if I told you this weekend was boring I'd be lying hardcore . In fact this weekend has been so fantastic I wish I could do it over again . It also changed my perspective on life . 
It's a two way street ... just remember that . 
So finals we meet again . Well this time I'm gonna OWN you ! 
If my heart was a house you'd be home . 
GAH it's only .... Tuesday . 
Anyone else feeling another Snowpocalypse ??? 
Love is love no matter who it's with . 
SOOOO I'm thinking that EVERYONE should come out and see < PROPFEMALE > COTTER tomorrow at 7:30 pm at the weiss center in carlisle . ( tickets are 10.00 ) 
Super excited for opening night EVERYONE should come see < PROPFEMALE > COTTER at the Weiss center tonight at 7:30 tickets are 10$ 
< PROPFEMALE > cotter was amazing !!!!! I had ALOT of fun . If you didn't get a < PROPMALE > to see it tonight come on out tomorrow at 7:30 pm it's being held at the Weiss center in Carlisle tickets are 10$ 
Finals are OVER and it's FRIDAY !!!! 
I'm HAPPY that we the cast of < PROPFEMALE > cotter put on another fantastic show . I'm NOT happy that my voice Is GONE and my throat is pulsating . Oh well the show must go on . 
I'm extremely sick . So I'm going to sleep and hoping I get better super fast . 
Still sick ... Ugh go away sickness !!! 
Someone should create a super drug that instantly heals you within 2minutes that you take it . I'm < PROPFEMALE > tired of being sick . 
Nothing to do except be bed ridden and Naruto from beginning to end 
Naruto rocks ... but inuyasha is better !!!! Ugh being sick sucks . 
So idk if I have rehearsal at 3pm today why ... well because my script is in my locker and not in my hands . Sooo anyone with scripts please look up if the Winkie general has lines in scenes 11-12 and let me know thanks 
I just want my voice back and my health 
Love is a many splendid thing ; All you need is love ! 
Naruto all day and now pretty little liars , besides being sick this was the best day ever !!!! 
A is for < PROPFEMALE > not amateur-A 
The strongest love cannot be seen nor heard thus this type of love ... my love can only be felt within your soul and heart cause it's deep and true . 
I FINALLY have a working car and it is all mine !!!!!! 
my heart , it beats , beats only for you .... my heart is yours forever . 
I am a comedian and you know it so like this status to show it !!!! 
Set construction I'll check ya later 
A very valuable lesson was learned today- DO NOT LEAVE YOUR CAR WITHOUT YOUR KEYS !!!!!! They will get locked in ... 
What an interesting day and night this has been .... Haha If I could do it over I would 
Nothing like sitting back on a Sunday reading the comics and eating breakfast to start your day . 
apparently starting a day off great does not ensure that the rest of the day will continue to be great . 
I must say that youth group isn't such a bad thing and I enjoyed it so much that I'm gonna keep going . 
What is love without hate 
Chiles with the theatre fam was quite interesting and fun . 
Why is it only Tuesday ... Gah school 
Oh man what I'd give for a 2 hour delay ... 
The heart has its reasons , of which reason knows nothing . - Pascal 
WOO no school !!!!! 
HI HO HI HO it's off to bed I go cause the schools been closed HI HO HI HO HI HO HI HO . 
< PROPFIRST > springer man I haven't watched this show in FOREVER haha today is nice 
This may come off bad but ... Black women are the funniest people to watch when they are angry haha don't get me wrong though I love black people especially my family in Harrisburg . 
Today was good but I wish I coulda saw some people ... 
Like petals from a < PROPFEMALE > you are soft and kind hearted the type of person i dont wanna let go . so i'll hold you close until forever comes just whisper those three words and we're forever young . 
Accidents happen ... but CAR ACCIDENTS SUCK !!!! < PROPMALE > . I wish i never would've crashed ... 
Well i may be carless but i'm not brainless , Consider this lesson LEARNED . 
Hey < PROPFIRST > your so fine your so fine you blow my mind HEY < PROPFIRST > !!!!!!! 
nothing like cleaning your bathroom at midnight while having a mini-dance party with the cat haha oh well it was fun . :) 
< PROPMALE > Burnham : words words words . haha \im a gay sea otter blowing other dudes outta the water \"" 
I am in love ... with my dream college !!! CalU is what it's all about . 
I'm a lovesick crack head haha 
whats that its hard to hear you over melting city ... - llamas with hats 4 
So I've come to conclusion that I enjoy who I am and what I've become . 
So I'm thinking we shouldn't have school but oddly enough it's looking like we just might .... Gah I wanted a day off :( 
No school !!! No problem 
Wow no school , powerpuff girls , and now Dexters laboratory . Where's the catch haha 
Alright i'm giving into temptation ... Like my status for an awesome persona make-over . I.E what type of life you'd be living based off my first impression of you . ( new name , fav . color , house , car , hobby , spouse ) 
Anyone intrested in a sleepover cause i feel like i need to have one ? 
two hour delay !!! 
Woo no school !!! 
pretty pretty please dont you ever ever feel like your nothing you are perfect ... to me ! 
Is watching < PROPFEMALE > of the dead zombies are where it's at man !!! 
wow who knew they're were 4 extra < PROPFIRST > in a zip code haha i sure didn't . 
My heart will go on .... I SMELL GOOD !!!! Haha \insider \"" 
Trip to the poconos all weekend text me if ya want . :) 
is not watching the super bowl .... instead im watching a 1000 ways to die 
word of the day is ----> HAMSTER 
CANNOT WAIT ! FOR PRETTY LITTLE LIARS !!!!!!!!! 
Watching pretty little liars life is good 
Diggin the 2hour delay for tomorrow ima be catching the Zs 
All my life i've been good but now ( oooo ) im thinking wth - < PROPFEMALE > lavine 
I look like a fool with my 80s outfit haha oh well it's all good fun . 
Mi amor por ti es eternsmente profunda en < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ma y el < PROPFEMALE > , incluso cuando estabamos separados que siempre < PROPFEMALE > estado ahi desde el principio . <3 
wow glee is all kinds of crazy 
< PROPMALE > you are mean ... < PROPMALE > is awesome just saying 
GLEE ... never ceases to amaze me 
¿Es el amor ciego ? N < PROPFEMALE > ca supe lo que significaba para amar y estar enamorado de alguien tan increíble como resultó ser . Así que por favor escuche a mi sinceridad cuando me dicen que esas tres palabras ... dos almas se entrelazan j < PROPFEMALE > tos como < PROPFEMALE > solo corazón y como el amor se hace más fuerte se hace más difícil estar separados . Te quiero ahora y te amé desde el principio ... 
Chick flick marathon ? ... I think YES 
I think I'm gonna go run a little I'll be back later 
3 < PROPMALE > I'm feeling the fruition :) 
Chillen at home watchin love don't cost a thing 
Man today was the best day EVER the only thing that would make it perfect is if you were in my arms . 
Chillen at home 
It's . Just another manic Monday 
Eh I'm bored kinda tired ( ... thinking ) 
Pretty little liars ( ... thinking ) 
Wow I just found out how valentines day came about it's marking the day that St. < PROPFIRST > died . REALLY were celebrating a holiday because of a DEAD GUY who didn't do anything no wonder why we don't get the day off . 
I may bend but I won't break I'm stronger then that and I'm stronger than you but go ahead give it a try but don't say I didn't warn you when you start to cry . 
Rambling equals non sense which is my que to go to sleep . Haha goodnight Facebook 
Hit me back with the less than symbol number 3 
Words are just words until you put emotion and honesty into them . When you can read them and feel the underlying message you can truly understand the meaning . You can lie to my face a thousand times but I'm always gonna see what's in-between the lines . 
La verdad quiero que sepas que .... Lo que Yo siento es amor 
And since you know you cannot see yourself , \ 
so well as by reflection , I , your glass , \ 
will modestly discover to yourself , \ 
that of yourself which you yet know not of . \ 
- < PROPFIRST > Shakespeare 
Chillen round the house actually getting stuff done haha feeling productive ! 
I've finally come to conclusions that I need a JOB ... Ugh any suggestions ? 
Don't say that I'm falling in love 
Oh insomnia you make my nights interesting 
For aught that I could ever read , \ 
Could ever hear by tale or history , \ 
The course of true love never did run smooth . \ 
- < PROPFIRST > Shakespeare , \A Midsummer Night's Dream \"" 
Most boring day of school ready for it to be over already 
Love lives yet in lost memories of the seas vast emotions 
Hmm am I tired ? Yes yes I am ... Eh I want some Z's 
Finally home I can now officially catch those Z's 
I feel like today will be a good day- I'm hoping lol 
What's your favorite holiday ????? 
Should I give up or should I just keep chasing pavements ? even if it leads no where or would it be a waste ? even if I knew my place should I leave it there ? -- < PROPFEMALE > ( chasing pavements ) 
Goodbye math/reading pssa hello MINITHON 
Home tired MINITHON tomorrow . 
GET YOUR THON ON !!! 
So I am officially shaving my head ... odd right ? Well IT'S FTK !!!!!! Go minthon four diamonds 
Well MINITHON is OVER !!!! Alot of fun crazy things happened in the past 12 hours like techno power hour , jello wrestling , I shaved my hair and got stuck in my shirt its just overall AWESOMENESS !!!!! 
Home tired from MINITHON and set con . It's time for SLEEP ! Goodnight fb :) 
Preview show for middle school no school for me then rehearsal til 10pm text it 
In life we have stress ... it's gonna happen no matter what . So when push comes the shove please do yourself a favor ... just shut up smile and do what you're told . Thanks 
Is putting on Brahms and going to bed ... yea I'm THAT type of person . 
I do believe that British accents are quite cool 
In spite of stupid people tonights show was GREAT thanks to all the hard working members of musical . 
What Newvillian place would have an awesome musical with pyrotechnics ... BIG SPRING HIGHSCHOOL WOULD . come out and see WIZARD OF OZ !!!! you won't be in newvile anymore ... 
AND thus shows come to an end i am sad to say i won't see some of you again . but atlas it's okay we shall meet up another day . GREAT JOB EVERYONE THE SHOWS WERE FANTASITC !!!!! 
Wow greatest weekend ever 
