Enjoyed < PROPMALE > Potter 

Yoda has a boo boo 
At 8pm on the 31st any friends in town that would like to can come for my birthday dinner . We're gonan go to thai , everybody has to buy their own dish though , i'd really love to have anyone that can come , no gift required ! 
Has finally finished < PROPFEMALE > 
Is waiting till the book is done . 
-- Real pain is worth more than false pleasure -- 
Curse you Gaia ! 
is just done 
has the first two seasons of < PROPFEMALE > Trek Voyager ! Woot ! 
has some kind of flu 
spent today making homemade chocolate eclairs :) 
it is a terrible and wonderful thing to love someone so much that you are willing to be hated for their happiness 
scientist who denies the existence of absolute truth invalidates the purpose of their career's objective 
Wants people to come learn choreographed dances with her , starting with OK GO's Million ways to be cruel ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everybody ! :) I hope < PROPFEMALE > was good to you ! As long as you were good back that is ^^ 
as just changed her mind AGAIN about watching the < PROPFEMALE > and the frog . 
is frustrated 
a OMG over 100 requests and only a moment to be on , I miss you guys , email me , marymay@independence.tridentseafoods.com only text please it's 4cents per kilobyte 
Sigh 
is in seattle 
at the heart of sin in all its forms is selfishness 
is Home ! 
I love you guys so much . You make life worth living . You know who you are . 
is being Majestic ! ~ courtesy of < PROPFEMALE > 
99.9 percent of the time , if you pick something random to describe yourself it will either work or be so perverse that it's amusing . 
More often than not , the truth is the culmination of all the best and worst interpretations of reality . 
Time to be Devious :D 
If the person you are when you're alone is your true self , then my true self is awesome and a little bit insane 
doesn't believe in sleep tonight 
Laughing Maniacally FTW ! 
It's hard to regret the Pain of the Fire when the Rain washes the ash off your Healthy Wings , not a New Creature Just Born , and Old Creature Remade . 
Who you are may predispose you towards certain actions but giving in to your impulses is still your choice . 
No man is a mountain , and even if they were , they tend to come in ranges . 
All my best friends are rebels ! :D 
This summer has potential , now to see if we can fulfill it . 
Everyone should be Jealous of my Custard Pie ! It's freaking Delicious ! 
Time to go visit the man behind the curtain . 
Apparently it costs more to feed three girls on a trip to Seattle than it does to drive and park there , though not by much . Car -$80 Girls-$85 
Everyone looks like gumby in an immersion suit ... 
I have in my hands , the Twilight Theater . 
The best part of dancing is immersing yourself in the music , letting the sound become your experience , audibly , tactily , visually and mentally . Good music isn't heard , it's experienced . 
The english language was not created to convey emotion in written form alone ... communication really needs to make some evolutionary leaps if we keep this up . 
Tonight we dance ! Tomorrow ? Who knows ? But we will find a way to make it Epic ! :D 
The guy that plays < PROPFIRST > Locke on Lost is in \The Pegasus\ " Episode on ST : Next Generation ... Weird ... and he has hair ... kinda ... " 
If you leave something you love don't expect it to be exactly the same when you return . 
Today so far : Snuggling Jamokie , Some Bagles with < PROPFEMALE > Rhodes , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Knotts , and < PROPFIRST > White , went with < PROPFEMALE > to get her permit , Geoff Pollington joined to feed the ducks , followed by < PROPMALE > E Cheese and a giant Dodgeball . \ 
\ 
Evaluation : Satisfactory 
We're gonna do this right . 
I loved being a lioness , it always seemed particularly appropriate to me . 
My cocktail dress looks amazing , too bad i have no reason to wear it . 
There is more than one way to lie , don't do it . 
Meep 
We cannot change until we change ourselves ... 
Thank God for swimming and friends that will come < PROPFEMALE > with me when I go ! 
Dieing is Against the Rules ! 
It takes skill to make a usuable build with 8 skills in it heal a whole party against enemies twice your level , it takes boredom to grind to lvl 80 to accomplish half that . 
Wants to do Everything but is discouraged for Company . 
My Stalker Skills > Yours 
If you are truely Justified in what you belive , than other people thinking the wrong thing shouldn't offend you , after all nothing can threaten the validity of the truth , it is always correct . 
There are times to act and times not to , choosing not to do something when you should is just as destructive as doing too much when you should wait . 
Wow , i'm actually angry at Disney right now , what madness is this ?! 
is pensive . 
OMG < PROPFIRST > + New Gaming Headset = Hyperness 
I wonder what it means when you dream that a whale threw up on you to try to feed you like a bird feeds its young . 
adleganíra am alagos a carth a edlothiadûr 
I'm not rebuying unlimited texts after the 6th so if you're going to text me do it now . 
My dog is not a unich , he's a uni . 
There is more than one way to need a friend . 
is Very Naughty , Please forgive me everyone . <3 
Personalities are prismatic in every aspect\ 
-Rask 
is fully satisfied . 
Can't wait for the Black Plauge 
Curse you MSN and you're Unreliability ! 
A wise man will listen to his councilors but in the final decision will also hear his heart-prince of persia 
Is about to breif . Here comes the madness ! 
Flies out on Sunday , pray for good weather 
Once I went a swimming , where there were no women , down beside the sea .... 
Anchorage 
Dutch Harbor 
is about the board the Enterprise 
Apparenlty broken and disjoineted Transformers : Revenge of the Fallen is just as entertaining as the normal kind , even if there is less plot . 
Isn't it terrible when the answer to a question is so obvious that you can't even begin to see how to explain it ? :) 
needs to seriously reconsider managing her diet . Who would have thought there would be sushi and biscotti out here in the bearing sea ?! O.o 
I Curse you shiney fans ! I swore I would not fall prey to your glittering wiles ! But you're so freaking pretty !! >.< 
With all the Fish Mist and Techno Music in the factory we just need us some Strobes and Laser Lights and we'd have us a Rave ! 
Interesting ... 
is concerned that being on facebook this much is damaging her brain . 
lol , apparently another < PROPFIRST > May is director of remote operations at Concordia University Texas , that's just silliness . 
The more music I listen to the more kinds I like . 
I will be in Dutch Harbor at ~ 2am 
Why do we assign more value to the pretend achievements on games than to the \pretend people\ " we play them with ? " 
-sigh- 
is begining to feel like she's missing out on the whole blurry mobile uploads thing . 
For all interested parties , the camping trip to Mt Ranier is being set for the weekend starting August 20th , I need everyone that is interested in coming to pm me or email me or something so we can start getting it planned . 
is Content 
< PROPFEMALE > Rhodes knows the greatest number of people on my friends list with 48 connections , Geoff Pollington is second with 39 , but the number of alt accounts that Bri has makes Geoff the more likely real winner lol 
Day 18 * ~ how the time flies 
Is astounded with Facebook , what is this madness ?! 
-.- How unsatisfying . 
Breaking the Cycle 
Dutch Tomorrow 
I love listening to fishermen BS ! it's soooooo awesome ! XD 
Another boat Successfully Addicted to Cinnamon Rolls ! 
Technically when someone says two people have Chemistry they really have Physics\ 
- < PROPFIRST > May 
THE PLAUGE IS HERE !!!!! WOOOOOOOOO 
Messy hair when clearing brambles clearly puts you at risk for loosing an eye when clearing brambles 
Way to entertain yourself at sea #156 : Ocean Hoedown-As close to drunken dancing as you could hope when there isn't alcohol for 100 < PROPMALE > 
Alaskan Pocky ! Just like Normal Pocky except four times as Expensive ! 
Is under siege by pear bombardment . 
Offload .... Go ! 
What if you met someone who you didn't know how to heal ... because they were just too alien ? 
Not only successfully engaged the entire fish sorting staff in the fish dance , but also managed to call fish from the sky in the process 
That was the Third Person to compare my dancing to Lady Gaga , Good thing or Bad ? 
Thank you everyone for the Birthday Wishes , and Thank You to the people that planned the Party for me , I'm sorry I wasn't home to enjoy it . I promise I will be back soon though and we will do something Epic to make it up . <3 You Guys 
Anchorage , for the moment 
Debit Card Fail >.< 
Hello Seattle 
Meep ... Rhymes with sleep , and is 100% better home . 
Good music is the closest thing we have to crystallized emotion . 
It's Alllliiiiiiiiiivvvveeeeeeeee 
I'm not too big on fruit and cheese trays but that all was amazing 
Bring on the madness ! 
Face -> Desk 
Got my internet up for real this time , we'll see hat we do tomorrow 
The ghetto camping moments are the best ones ! 
is going off to enjoy her tall glass of water in a quiet corner 
utility knife + homemade bread = happiness 
Accursed Beast ! 
is way too proud of herself , best week ever ! 
Dear world , the answer is NO 
my futon is glorious ! this is starting to look like a place people live . 
The more people I come to know , the more amazing the world is revealed to be . 
The night air feels delicious . 
Quick ! Run in fright ! It's Tag Team Night ! 
Scientists never prove anything , we only support or don't support it . Maybe we're politicians in disguise . 
FOR THE LOVE OF LIZARDS ! 
It's interesting to learn what people believe about what you think . 
leftover cake batter + microwave = delicious 
You can have anything you want as long as you're willing to pay the price necessary to have it . 
Curry <3 
You don't get to pick whose life you make a difference in . They pick You . 
Driving long distance alone is fail 
At least I still have time to Rent a Yak 
is amazed and in awe at the differences in people's frames of reference but their similarity of thought . 
Thank you snow <3 
Sometimes I don't even understand Myself 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ^^ 
is ready to rock the slopes ! 
It isn't about what you do , it's about who you are . 
blargh 
Yes , I did just freeze my frappuccino and eat it like ice cream . 
Saying things out loud before you do them might be a good way to avoid stupidity ... derp 
snow everywhere O.o 
Fact of the day : A healthy , active human being is capable of outrunning a horse . 
Dear everyone , I am not mad at you stop worrying so much 
