I have finally found a picture worthy of putting on my profile . :) 

Just got back from dinner and the Longhorn basketball game with my husband . Had a great time ! We did our part in the Big12/Pac10 challenge by beating USC ( despite poor free throw shooting ) . Now we are 6-0 . VERY VERY excited about this season ! 
May not have been pretty , but it's a win ! Go Horns ! Big 12 champs and on our way to the national title game !!! 
Lets see how honest FB friends are . Leave a 1 word comment that you think best describes me . It can only be 1 word . No more than 1 word . Then copy & paste this post on your wall so I can leave a word about you . This should be interesting ... 
Just got back from dinner and the Longhorn basketball game with my husband . We had a fantastic evening !!! So much fun ! Love winning ! We beat Michigan State and are now 11-0 . I have no voice left and probably won't for a couple of days , but it's a small price to pay ! Woohoo ! Hook ' em Horns !!!!! 
When did I become a ma'am ? It must have happened when I wasn't looking ! 
is in the Hospital . She was admitted for diffficulty breathing which is dangerous for someone like her who has CHF . She should only be in for a few days . Please include her in your prayers . Thanks ... < PROPFIRST > Ware 
is HOME from the hospital ! Hallelujah ! Still recovering from what was apparently pneumonia and complications to my CHF , but I am feeling so much better than I was ! Thank you to everyone for your kind thoughts , wishes , and prayers . I feel very well-loved . It is much appreciated . I will be trying to catch up with everyone ( and of course my games ) over the next few days . Just very grateful to be home ! 
Trying to walk through life with grace and dignity can be a real bitch ! 
Whose gonna love you when your looks are gone ? God will , like He waters the flowers on your windowsill . < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
It took all the love and tolerance I could summon not to go to jail tonight for assault - I seriously wanted to kick the drunk in front of me at the game in the head - hard . Don't turn around and tell me that I might as well not get so excited , if the Longhorns keep playing like this they will lose anyway . While that may have been true - what kind of fan is that . People like that don't deserve tickets to games . 
Ok , normally I wouldn't do this , but in honor of < PROPFIRST>'s Day ( which I don't even celebrate ) - here is a picture of me and my husband < PROPFIRST > . We have been married for 4 years now ( 9/04/05 ) . Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day to everyone out there ! :) 
FOR MY MAFIA : My cousin < PROPFEMALE > Trejo just started playing the game and needs some more Mafia members . Please add her ( just be sure to include Mafia in the friend request ) . Thanks !! 
Happy St < PROPFIRST>'s Day , especially to my familia and all my other < PROPFEMALE > peeps out there . I'm ready - I have green toenail polish on and everything . To any of my drinking friends - have a couple for me ! Everyone enjoy the day however you choose , but be sure to stay safe ! Maybe I'll even dance a jig ! :) 
feeling nostalgic ... 
Apparently grocery shopping with a heart condition is not quite as easy as I would like to think . I really intensely dislike this whole limitation thing . 
I'm thinking about getting a tattoo for my upcoming birthday , probably around the ankle or on the top of the foot . I'm looking for ideas on what to get . Please don't mention butterflies , flowers , hearts , barbwire , etc . I'm just not that kind of girl . :D 
I have been offline unexpectedly for the last couple of days , so I am WAY behind on posts , games , gifts , etc . I will try to catch up as quickly as possible . :) 
Sometimes I simply fail to see the point . 
My granny sent me flowers !! How sweet ! Made my day ! :) 
a little Megadeath and Metallica to start the morning :o ) 
dizzy and lightheaded ... 
Got my faithful companion ( < PROPMALE > ) by my side ... 
My girl Moxie loves her some < PROPMALE > !! LOL :o ) 
Leftover homemade spaghetti for lunch ... YUMM-Y ... even better than it was yesterday ! :D 
My faithful companion < PROPMALE > is at my side again . I love using the new laptop !!! :o ) 
I really hate nightmares 
people suck 
VAMPIRE CLAN - I am finished playing Vampire Wars at this time . All done . So I won't be needing gifts anymore , but I will be happy to occasionally send out gifts . Just let me know if you need something and time permitting ( and assuming I like you LOL ) I will send it . Also , I can possibly help if you need a specific ability for a mission . Thanks !! 
I don't ever send out < PROPFEMALE > suggestions , so if you get one from me , ignore it . Looks like there is something new traveling around FB . 
Sorry I have not been feeling well , so I haven't been on at all in a couple of days . Feeling very overwhelmed at the moment with trying to catch up . Hopefully , will be back up to speed soon . :o ) 
FINALLY ... I am back online . Sorry , but I have been offline for about 3 months now . I will try to catch up as quickly as possible , but it is a bit overwhelming . I will be returning messages , etc . Sorry if I miss anything . Just holler ... thanks ... btw , very happy happy to be back online ... :o ) 
I really hate it when God feels it is necessary to use a 2x4 on me to get the point across . LOL Amazing opportunity to be of service today ! :o ) 
My sister just left for home . :( But we had a fantastic time during her visit . Took her to the UFC event last night , both her and my first , which was an absolute blast ! I'm so glad she came for a visit . I miss her already . 
with both my faithful companions ( < PROPMALE > and Murphy ) beside me . :)) 
this really sucks ! 
Ahhhh , the smell of baking brownies ... If only the rest of the day will go so well . :) It's 12:56 and OU STILL SUCKS !!!!!! 
Fantastic dinner out with a wonderful friend . It's been a good night . :) 
If anyone needs me for the next 4-5 hours , sorry I will be eating bbq and watching the game . Catch ya afterwards . Hook'em baby !!!!!! 
HOOK ' EM HORNS !!!!!!!!!!!!!! WOOHOO !!!!!!!! 
For my MAFIA - PLEASE no more secret drops . You only get to use 3 a day and after that you get a mystery bag with no opportunity to return a gift . Thank you for thinking of me , but I hate accepting gifts without returning something , so please stop . 
Please put this on your status if you know or love someone who is gay . My prayer is that people will understand that being gay is not a disease nor a choice ; people who are gay are not looking for a cure , but ACCEPTANCE & EQUAL RIGHTS . AND , please pray for , and help our at risk youth !! Peace & Hugs 
My poor boy < PROPMALE > has been sick as a .. well you know ... dog . Emergency visit to the vet yesterday . He is feeling better now though . Between that and not feeling too great myself , I have missed a lot of posts the last couple of days . Sorry for anything I missed . Hope everyone out there in virtual world is doing well . 
Have you ever tried to be at the computer with 3 dogs in your chair ? All demanding your attention of course ! LOL 
<--- Is SICK in Bed , will be back online and catching up with everyone as soon as she feels better . this was written by her husband < PROPFIRST > Ware 
Today's rant - I have noticed something lately in college and pro football that greatly disturbs me . Supposed fans booing their own team/players . Just my opinion , but a true fan should NEVER boo their own team . The point of being a fan is to SUPPORT the team . Unless you get your fatass off the bleachers/couch and can throw , run , block , or tackle better than the players on the field , shut your freakin ' piehole !! 
My mafia - I am collecting uniforms again . I need all 3 varieties and will return the gifts sent to me as always . thanks ! 
Music moves my soul . 
I have two dogs sleeping in the chair with me while I am playing . Both of them are snoring ! 
Went to dinner and the basketball game with my bff . Had a great time ! 
The end of times must be upon us . I actually want Oklahoma to win today . I never thought that would EVER EVER happen in this lifetime . LOL 
CASTLE AGE people - I need 5 more power stones . If you haven't sent me one , please do and I will return the favor . Thanks !! :))) 
I hope Will Muschamp loses EVERY game he EVER coaches again . How very tacky to announce the move 30 minutes before the Heisman was awarded . Really Florida ? Really ? 
Congratulations Lady Longhorns - on their way to the national semi-finals ! 
Perfect holiday meal . Cooperative cooking . Shrimp fried to perfection ( barely a week out of the gulf ) in my new deep fryer , hush puppies , scampi noodles , and cheesy garlic biscuits . Now I can barely move , but need to find room for chocolate chip cookies . :)) 
For my gaming friends , I have been sick and so am very behind in gifting . Please bear with me . :) 
A good friend of mine posts a daily thought of gratitude and I love reading hers , so I thought this year I should try it myself . \ 
\ 
For yesterday the 3rd , I am grateful for 3 doggies to snuggle in the bed with & keep me warm , until they pushed me out of my own bed . :) Also , grateful for the energy to help finally put away all the Christmas stuff . A third thing , the opportunity for a long talk with one of my bffs . 
Gratitude 1/4 - \Date night\ " out to eat and basketball game with < PROPFIRST > . We whooped Arkansas ! Definitely love having season tickets ! Very grateful for that . Also love the new pajama pants I got for Christmas ... being comfortable is a fantastic thing ! " 
TO NON-PET OWNERS who visit our homes . Don't complain about our pets . ( 1 ) They live here , you don't . ( 2 ) If you don't want their hair on your clothes , stay off the furniture . That's why they call it ' Fur'-niture . ( 3 ) Chances are , I love my pets more then I like you . ( 4 ) To you , they are animals . To me , they are family who are hairy , walk on all fours & don't talk back .??? Re-post if you love your pets ??? 
Gratitude 1/5 - Visit from bff tonight . Hours of great conversation and laughter and sharing . The freedom to be genuinely me . The best grilled burgers and fries ever ! 
Gratitude 1/6 - I hate going to see doctors and I have to see a lot of them , but I am grateful for a doctor who actually knows me well and cares . I am glad that there is finally an oldies radio station in < PROPFIRST > after several years without one . I love that my dogs are super excited to see me again even though I may have only been gone a little while . 
So I wound up in urgent care last night because my allergy attack suddenly got so bad I had to go get a steroid shot . I got to sleep for a few hours before the steroids kicked in , but now I am wide awake in the middle of the night LOL ( 3:30 am here ) and will try to catch up on my gaming I guess . :)) 
1/7 -Grateful that the steroids , while not working completely , are providing some relief . Loved the Christmas clearance at Petsmart . Fantastic homemade shrimp fettucine < PROPMALE > tonight = a nice dinner with my husband . Grateful that I was raised to love & appreciate music , all kinds . I was really jamming this afternoon . Found a few songs I hadn't heard in 20 years . Amazing how the words come back instantly . 
1/8 - Grateful that I have a husband who woke me up from my nap with a bowl of ice cream . That is love ! Also grateful to have been at the basketball game today , even though we lost a heartbreaker to to UConn by 1 in overtime . It was a very exciting game and the crowed was electric . I don't know if I've ever seen a crowd at the < PROPMALE > Center so fired up before . It was nice to be together in supporting the team . 
Gratitude 1/9 - Today has been a day of rest , which normally I do not greatly enjoy , but today has been just what I needed for my body to recover from the week . Thank you to my husband for doing laundry and keeping the dogs occupied so I could rest . Also , today I am grateful for all the great friends I have made online that I would not know if it were not for Facebook ( you know who you all are ) . 
Gratitude 1/10 - Today was a tough day for me emotionally , although I am not quite sure why . However , I am extremely grateful that < PROPFIRST > started his new job today , which he is very excited about . I had a great conversation with my sister and she may even be in town this weekend . I'm also glad that puppy kisses make everything at least a little bit better . 
1/11 - I'm already starting to wonder why I committed to this . :) I am still having aftereffects from the steroids . I had trouble with meditation and everything else today . However , I am grateful that as uncomfortable as it is to be me today , I do not need to change the way I feel . It is ok to be me today , whatever that is . I don't have to pretend to be someone else either . There is great freedom in that . 
ok I'm traumatized ... since when did < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > become \oldies\ " ??????? I heard him on the oldies station ! aaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhh " 
Gratitude 1/12 - Grateful that I got out today even if it was only to the doctor's office , so I took myself out to lunch . It's cold outside ! Not so into that ! :) I am feeling a renewed sense of purpose and hope today . Love that feeling ! Hope it sticks around for a while . Grateful to know that I am surrounded by love both physically and virtually . 
1/13 - Although it sucks that < PROPFIRST > doesn't feel good tonight , I am grateful for the < PROPMALE > to help take care of him for a change . My boy < PROPMALE > tries to help take care of his people too . I am grateful that when I called my bff late last night , she knew exactly what I meant . Understanding can be a wonderful thing . I am grateful for the opportunity to be of service to another human being today even if by phone . 
Gratitude 1/14 - I am grateful that my sister made a safe trip to < PROPFIRST > and is staying the night after her shenanigans as she calls them . Silly , but I love that most restaurants have takeout now and am grateful for the simple distraction and enjoyment of an action movie . 
Gratitude 1/15 - Went to the basketball game for the first time by myself today . Had an absolute blast ! We didn't play well , but we still spanked Oklahoma . It's 5:55 and OU still sucks !! Grateful that I can still have slumber parties . LOL The bff is on her way over to stay since < PROPFIRST > is out of town and we're going to do girlie things . Can't wait ! 
. -\- . Put this dog on\ 
1/16-Grateful for a nice day of rest with my husband and no chores . Enjoyed football today regardless of the outcome and glad that there is a little bit left in the season , although I already miss college . Glad that college basketball season has heated up to take up my attention . Grateful that I had a < PROPMALE > to talk to my mother and wish her a happy birthday today . Hope she has a great time shopping tomorrow ! 
Gratitude 1/17 - Today has been a tough day for me physically and not a whole lot going on so a little harder to come up with things for today . I am grateful that the dogs were extra sweet today like they knew I didn't feel good . Grateful for the nice evening spent with my husband who skipped batting practice for me . Grateful that people notice when I'm not around . It's nice to be missed . :)) 
1/18- This is for yesterday , which I missed . I am grateful to have a dog that tattles on the others . I was trying to nap and Murphy kept barking . So I got up and found Moxie with a fortune cookie from the table she was trying to get out of the package . It was the 2nd , she had already eaten one . The lesson in this -if she hadn't been greedy and had shared , Murphy wouldn't have barked and gotten her caught red-handed . 
Gratitude 1/19- Another \date night\ " out to eat and the basketball game . We whupped A&M . The place was rockin ' again . Had a great time but very little voice left !! Today I was also grateful for the little bit of sunshine . Got to sit out back with the doggies for a while and watch them play . I had to kick them out of my oversized recliner a couple of times today - they were crowding me out . Simple pleasures . :) " 
Gratitude 1/20 - Fell asleep early last night , so didn't get to my daily posting . It was another tough day physically which takes a toll . However , I realized that I am extremely grateful for all the feedback I have received on my posts . I can literally feel the love pouring in \across the wires\ " so to speak . It's lovely . I am glad that I have been able to open myself up in this way ... cont'd below " 
OH HELL YEAH !!!! Kansas falls to my boys ! Go Texas ! Hook ' em baby ! 
Gratitude 1/22- I feel better today than I have all week . Although I don't feel good , I am grateful for some relief from this sinus infection and the continued cedar in the air here . Also , my Longhorns beat the unbeaten Kansas Jayhawks in their house . The dogs weren't even surprised when I was yelling/cheering at the TV today . Also glad that < PROPFIRST > came home without injury from his softball tournament . 
Gratitude 1/23 - I'm not sure how I feel about this , but my husband just reminded me I still needed to do my posting . :) Grateful today for one last day of football before the Superbowl . I napped to some of it and enjoyed the rest . Napping with football on the TV is the best . Enjoyed a dinner cooked cooperatively . Excited that the bullriding season is going strong . I missed it during their off-season . 
Gratitude 1/24 - Grateful that < PROPFIRST > has his own laptop now so I can be on this one whenever I want . ;) Enjoyed some Texas bbq tonight and did a happy dance . Glad that Murphy didn't come back inside with nails bleeding again today from her digging . Games were definitely a distraction tonight - I barely noticed the evening fly by . 
Gratitude 1/25- Sad tonight . A friend got the worst news today . Concerned for him & his family . I don't understand why things happen the way they do sometimes . I just have to continue to trust that even though I don't understand & I may not always like it , God takes care us all & has a plan to which I am not privy . It is a reminder that I have only this moment & I must try to live each moment the best that I am able . 
Gratitude 1/26- Today I am grateful for laughter . I had a wonderful laughter filled evening with my husband . The dogs contributed as well . Apparently Murphy loves Lady Gaga - she tapped her paws to the beat in her sleep ! Much different from Moxie who loves < PROPMALE > . Laughter is truly the best medicine and a great healer . I know as long as I can still laugh , everything is going to be ok . 
Gratitude 1/27 - My body is not liking the med changes made by the doctor yesterday . Dizzy spells and a monster headache today . I am grateful for a husband who is understanding and took care of dinner and laundry tonight . I am also grateful that this is temporary and can't wait until I grow accustomed to the new dosage . Needs to be fast because I have plans for tomorrow and Saturday . :) 
Gratitude 1/28-Had a good day despite the dizzy spells . Went to birthday night and saw several old friends . Made me cry and laugh all in one evening . I am so grateful for those old friends who love you no matter what . One of them is not doing well , which makes me terribly sad , but wanted to know what he could do to help me and meant it . That is a great friend and a nice reminder where my focus needs to be-not on me . 
Gratitude 1/29 - We just got home ! First a basketball game - beat Missouri . woohoo - had a great time . Then a friend's birthday party at a dance hall I hadn't been to before in Granger . Had an absolute blast ! I just love dancing . Had a couple of dizzy moments , but got out there anyway . It was a good celebration . A reminder of our first date which was out dancing . :))) 
Gratitude 1/30 - Today I am exhausted from all the activity the last couple of days and sore from dancing . I had two different visitors today . Always nice to have visits and one of them offered me the opportunity to be of service and talk of spiritual matters , which is always centering . Grateful for the < PROPMALE > to get out of self today . The other was a great time catching up on all the haps . :)) 
Gratitude 2/1 - Missed yesterday somehow , so greatly enjoyed watching the Longhorns spank A&M in their house last night . For today , it got pretty cold & I hate cold , so I'm grateful I didn't have to go out in it . Not feeling too good physically today , another reason not to leave the house , but a little boring after the busy weekend . Grateful we've gotten to February so we're a little closer to spring . Come on spring ! 
Gratitude 2/3- I am sick again . Not too bad , just enough & I don't want it to get worse . I feel like I have been hibernating this week - not even online much at all . Just sleeping & trying to feel better . I am grateful for my telephone - a lifeline which keeps me in contact with others no matter what . No snow yet here , but they say maybe tonight/tomorrow . It is freakin ' cold . The dogs don't even want to go outside . 
Gratitude 2/4 - Still sick . Have also discovered that my tummy does not like the aspirin regimen that the heart doctor put me on . Oh , and I HATE snow . However , I am able to find some sparks of gratitude today . DVR is one of the best inventions ever ! Thankful for the internet that puts info at my fingertips , which can also be dangerous . Grateful that my mental well-being is not always dependent on the physical . 
Gratitude 2/6- Still sick , but grateful that my tummy is feeling better - enough that I could enjoy some pizza for the game . At least it was a game this year . It didn't look like it would be when it started . Overall , disappointed by the commercials this year , but I loved the dogs at the party and the gopher save . btw Murphy hated the halftime show & barked through the whole thing in protest . Peace out til tomorrow ! 
Gratitude 2/7 - I am grateful to whoever invented the banana split and to my husband for bringing one home tonight to share . One of God's wonders . :) The antibiotics are starting to work and I am finally feeling a bit better . A day of good rest to allow my body time to heal . Great meditation today as well . A nice quiet day within myself . 
2/8 - I'm a bit pissy that after finally feeling better on one front , another acts up today and I felt awful again . However , I am grateful for the garden tub that I laid in for quite some time today with a book to occupy my mind . Was able to pay bills & do a couple of things around here . Not much , but hoping to do a bit more tomorrow . Luckily or not , Murphy demands attention and won't let me mope for too long . :)) 
2/12- A tough day physically , but a good day . Good time at the basketball game . A little scare against Baylor , but a win & still undefeated in conference play . Sunshine and fairly warm temperatures . Pork ribs for dinner . Enjoyable evening with husband & doggies . Grateful for all of these and together = a very good day . I've noticed that weekends lately have been great . Maybe if I could make everyday the weekend . :) 
2/16- I've missed a couple of days posting because I'm sick again . Saw the dr & found out this time it's the flu ( even though I got a shot ) . I am grateful I am back home again - I was afraid they were going to want to put me in the hospital & I would much rather avoid that . Grateful that my other doc rearranged his schedule to see me early . I have missed you all , but I'm going back to bed now . Catch ya'll later . :) 
2/17 - Today I am grateful for the medication that is supposed to make my time with the flu shorter and I hope that it works well . Also , the medication that is helping me sleep through it . Grateful as well that it has been many years since I had the flu - I had forgotten how miserable it can be . I can't remember the last time that juice tasted so good ! Good thing we just went grocery shopping . 
2/18 - Grateful I somehow found the energy to leave the house for an hour - the house was starting to close in on me . Sucks that I had to cancel all plans for the weekend , but I guess it was not meant to be . Extremely grateful for the ultra comfortable mattress we got just a few months ago , since I have been in bed so much . My sweet boy < PROPMALE > has been keeping watch over me . Unconditional love is a beautiful thing ! 
2/19 - So glad to be feeling a little better today - I am on the way back to well . :) There was a painful Longhorn basketball loss to Nebraska today , but I just hope the boys can turn the experience into something positive . That is something I am grateful for today - all my life experiences can be used to help others so nothing is wasted . Today it is not what happens , but my perspective on it that is important . 
2/20 - Feeling even better today . Definitely on the way to well ( physically anyway LOL ) . Found the energy to make dinner - a fantastic shrimp < PROPMALE > with cheddar biscuits . I am very grateful for everyone's concern for me , so thank you all . It's a nice warm , fuzzy feeling . Looking forward to tomorrow and feeling even better again . 
3/2 - Sorry I had to take a few days offline so no postings . Woke up today with a bad attitude & absolutely no < PROPFEMALE > today ( poor doggies ) . Who knew I'd get a better attitude when I came online through postings , a dog video , & a video on the word compassion . So glad I can be reminded about what is important in so many different ways & places . Thank you for reminding me . 
3/4 - I keep waking up on the wrong side of the bed this week . Don't know what's up with that and I'm not feeling all that inspired . However , I am thankful for the opportunity to start my day over again at any time ( and sometimes several times ) . A very valuable lesson I have learned and sometimes it even works ... LOL ... This week has also provided a < PROPMALE > for lots of prayer and meditation . :)) 
3/5 - A tough day physically again . I am about tired of feeling crappy . However , I am still thankful for today . I enjoyed some quiet time today . Now my bff is spending the night while < PROPFIRST > is out of town . A < PROPMALE > to yap the night away . True friendship can never be overrated . :)) 
3/7 - I'm thankful for even a bit of energy today . The sunshine was fantastic - beautiful day - so got to play outside with the doggies . A nice evening at home with < PROPFIRST > and great basketball to watch . Murphy is really coming along with her training and all the dogs are already sacked out . I'm grateful to continue learning how to appreciate the little things in life . A really good day overall . 
3/8 - A day of rest , not by choice . When I have good days like yesterday , I get greedy for more . Today I realized that we no longer have a house , but really a jungle gym for dogs . LOL I mention my husband often , but I don't think I have said how grateful I am just for him rather than all the things that he does . Tonight he worked late & it reminded me just how much I look forward to seeing him each day . 
3/9 - Went today to have another < PROPFEMALE > done on my heart . While I have some concerns about the results based on the way I have been feeling the last couple of months , I do not feel truly anxious or fearful . I am thankful that for today at least faith supersedes fear . It will be whatever it is supposed to be . 
3/11 - Another beautiful day , appreciated even more considering world events today . My heart goes out to those affected . I have been surprised in a good way by the extent of people's concern . Thankful to see that people don't suck nearly as much as I sometimes think they do . A couple of unexpected phone calls , a reminder that people think of and value me . Really looking forward to bff's birthday tomorrow . 
3/12- Yesterday = fantastic day . 1.33 games of Longhorn baseball doubleheader & sunburn . We celebrated bff's birthday at 1st night of the < PROPFIRST > Rodeo , so Xtreme bullriding , mutton busting , & the < PROPMALE > Young Band ( who I knew nothing about before ) . Rocking lead guitarist & they even played a Skyrnyrd song . bff & I knew every word , but none of the young girls did . LOL So worth being worn out for the next couple days ! 
3/13- Well my sunburn was way worse than I thought ( because I forgot sunscreen Sat ) . I'm thankful that it's been a long time since I did anything quite so stupid & it will be an even longer time before I do it again . A nice reminder that I'm not nearly as smart as I like to think sometimes . LOL Also , grateful for healing power in vinegar , baking soda , & aloe . No blisters so far & hoping not to peel . Fingers crossed . 
3/15 - I'm thankful that I can move around again and can almost walk normally ( sunburn on the knees is not a lot of fun at all ) . March madness has begun ! :)) Looking forward to some great basketball . Today I am grateful for the family members who are also good friends . Family as a good thing is still a strange concept for me . Grateful that old ideas can be smashed . 
3/16-A couple of significant anniversaries occurred in the last week , not necessarily the good kind , and I was totally unaware of them until today . This is only possible because I am generally at peace with the past now . This was not an easy process - it took a lot of work and some definite assistance from God . However , I am so thankful today for that peace - the past does not have the power over me that it once did . 
The dogs are trying to tell me it's nap time . Be back later . :o ) 
3/19 - I was feeling a little low today , but I am thankful that I know that feelings are only temporary . Also , a lot of fear creeping in . However , I am grateful that I have been taught what to do when fear crops up . First prayer , and then turn my thoughts to others . Glad I remembered to do that today . 
3/20-I only ever want to write good things in my notes , but I have to tell the truth . I'm grateful for people who tell the truth , even when it's not pretty . I am a ball of emotions tonight & A LOT of anger . I wrote before about my peace with the past ( generally true ) . It is the present that I am currently not ok with . I am thankful that I know peace will come , even though I do not like what it will take to get there . 
3/21 - The emotional turmoil of the last couple of days has led to a nice mini-catharsis . Although I am exhausted , I am grateful . I have some work to do and I am going to use this to propel me into action and more action . I am thankful today that my God is bigger than any box I might try to fit him/her/it into . 
3/23 - A lot to be thankful for today . I have a lot more energy than usual . Been jamming and dancing around the house this afternoon after the dr appt , playing with the doggies . Beautiful day - sunshine is such a pick-me-up . We're grilling tonight for the first time of spring . Can't wait to sink my teeth in . I was able to continue the more action I started the other day . Truckin ' along ! 
Over the next few days there will be a purge of my friends list . If we do not ever communicate or interact in some way ( games , etc ) , you will be deleted . No offense intended . :) 
I know this is my own bitterness , but I hope Duke wipes the floor with Arizona tonight ! 
3/25- It may sound strange , but today I am thankful for language . I had bits of poetry running through my head today ( usually it's music in my head , but occasionally this happens ) . Language allows us to communicate so much more fully with each other . Language can be used for self-expression , but also to connect with others . Words can be used in profound ways to change the world and the people in it . 
No coward soul is mine , \ 
No trembler in the world's storm-troubled sphere :\ 
I see Heaven's glories shine , \ 
And faith shines equal , arming me from fear . 
For my Castle Age friends - I will be returning eggs as they are gifted to me as I am able and then will gift alphabetically . thanks ! 
3/26 - Almost time for bed ... all the doggies are sleeping . I'm thankful that < PROPFIRST > came home from his softball tournament unharmed again . Beautiful sunshine today . A day of rest and then a nice evening at home .... homemade shrimp < PROPMALE > and ice cream for dessert ... watching great basketball and bullriding . All simple pleasures , but they add up so nicely . 
3/27 - More grilling tonight , some work around the house , a trip to Home Depot for house stuff ( excited that we are going to work on the front yard ) . But what I am most thankful for is the talk I had with my good friend/sponsor . It's amazing how much clarity can come from that even though I don't understand how it works so well . From aggravated to not in no time . She always helps put things into perspective . :) 
I hate when my mind won't shut up and let me go to sleep ! 
I really think I should be able to claim the dogs as dependents . LOL 
Alright already .... I'm up ... it seems like I just laid down ... I'm not a coffee drinker , but coffee already down LOL 
3/29 - I am grateful today that I do not believe in coincidences . Rather than seeing things as random < PROPMALE > , for me those \coincidences\ " are a glimpse into the grand design of the Creator . I really appreciate those glimpses because I so often do not understand and question why things are they way they are . It's a comfort to believe that there is pupose even if/when I do not understand . " 
4/2 - I don't know how I missed posting for a couple of days ... tonight we went to hear my grand-sponsor tell her story . It was very cool to hear it again after several years . I am grateful for those long term connections and shared experience and for the < PROPMALE > to watch others change and grow . Tonight I am aslo thankful for Starbucks which supplied the fuel . :) 
I ran across this quote which relates to one of my gratitude posts this week - \Coincidence is God's way of remaining anonymous\ " by < PROPFIRST > Einstein . " 
Ok , I think I am done with my purging on here , so you're safe for now unless you annoy me ... LOL ... now if I could just do the same thing around the house . I really need to clean out several spots , so if someone could send me some motivation and/or energy I would really appreciate it . ;) 
4/3 - I am thankful today for a fabulous baseball game , with no sunburn due to precautionary measures ( I must have learned my lesson with that last awful sunburn ) ... Spring football game watched with hope for next year . A new meal attempted for dinner , which turned out yummy . I'm grateful for a good Sunday , but also thankful to be looking forward to this week . 
