Hoping for wonderful adventures this new year ! 

< PROPFEMALE > got her acceptance letter Saturday for college for fall of 2010 ! ~ 
New beginnings ! 
I'm glad my boy is safe ... he had a VERY SCARY close call ........ 
< PROPFEMALE > turned 18 years old last week ! It seems so hard to believe she's been with us so long and is all grown up ! GOTTA LOVE HER ! :o ) 
Happy Homecoming , Everybody ! This weekend is homecoming at McPherson College , Manchester College , and McPherson High School ! 
OK , cancel that .... it has been delayed ... 
Good Luck to the MHS Band at State competition today ! I hope they're staying WARM ! LOL 
Good job MHS Band ! It sounds like you made a good showing ! KUDOS ! :oD 
I hope everyone is keeping WARM !! ( and dry ! ) LOL 
H1N1 
YAY ! Everyone's home safely from work and the house is quiet ! :o ) 
a new week begins .... 
Happy HALLOWEEN !!! 
What a beautiful FALL DAY we are having ! 
Are we really in NOVEMBER ??? 
Thankful for the ability to communicate and to love , and hopeful for a new chapter of honesty and openness ..... 
I have a LOT to be thankful for ! 
Rumors was terriffic ! 
I want to thank all who came out and supported the cast and crew of \The Miracle Worker\ " this weekend . They did a MARVELOUS job ! " 
Wishing all : warmth , love , family and friends this Holiday Season ! < PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
Congratulations to all who participated in this year's State Thespian Conference ! Good job ! 
I'm SO GLAD to have the sun shining and birds singing again ! 
Warmly wishing my son a Happy Happy Birthday today .... 
OH MY GOSH ! I saw the SUN today ~ ! :o ) 
Aging is inevitable ... 
I never thought I'd see the day that < PROPFEMALE > would BEG to drop < PROPMALE > ! 
I want to invite everyone down to Park School in McPherson to see the McPherson County student < PROPMALE > show . It's AMAZING and I'm SO PROUD of < PROPFEMALE>'s talent and successes at this show !! It's still open Saturday 10-4 and Sunday 1-4 . I hope to see you there ! 
On to the next adventure .... The Lion , the Witch , and the Wardrobe - the play at MHS next weekend - I can hardly wait ! 
was touched and awed by < PROPMALE>'s recital ! 
looking forward to awards night .... 
I hope the band has a GREAT time ! 
Have a Happy and Meaningful Mother's Day ! 
looking forward to the return of the band and the MHS theater awards ... 
I'm so proud of our thespians ! 
is looking forward to seeing her kids in the parade on Friday ! 
is looking forward to graduation and time for family and friends and fellowship ! 
wants everyone to remember to come to SARAH'S graduation reception this Friday from 4-6 pm at Amics at 204 N . Main Street in McPherson ! We hope to see you there ! 
says what afun day ! 
says Happpy Garbitration Day to all the MHS seniors today ! With EXTRA SPECIAL +wishes to < PROPFEMALE > , of course ! I'm so proud of YOU ! 
My daughter is a graduate !! I'm TRULY PROUD of her ! 
is glad to have my girl home safe and sound ..... 
is thankful for cooler weather and nice breezes ... 
wants everyone to know that Mom's surgery has been delayed due to an unexpected infection , but please keep her in your prayers as she keeps dealing with health concerns . 
would like to request prayers for the family ... My sister , < PROPFIRST > Pettit , was in a car accident in Indiana on Tuesday . She has some aches and bruises , but seems OK , but the car got kinda messed up . She is the one who is supposed to be the ' caretaker ' for Mom , who is stll waiting to reschedule knee surgery ! All this ans band camp and starting college and everything - we all have a lot on our plates ! 
was just stung by a < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ! ... MAN did that hurt !! 
wonders if I could be grieving ... I have so much fun with my daughter - cooking and reading together , and doing Mad Libs or crossword puzzles and laughing so hard we end up in tears ! I'm SO proud of her and SO excited for her , but I'm not really sure what I'll do without her ! 
' s heart is brimming with excitement , love , and pride as < PROPFEMALE > begins a new chapter in her life . Let the QUEST begin ! 
is working on \regrouping\ " after having delivered my first-born to college last week . " 
- word from college is good .... life is good ! 
thinks it was SO nice to finally get to \lay eyes on\ " < PROPFEMALE > tonight ! I know sheals doing really well ! " 
is very thankful today after receiving passing results on my physician assistant recertification exam !! Alleluia ! I'm good for another 6 years ! 
has done AMAZING things with a pretty strange hand of cards .... 
remembers fondly that 19 years ago I was under the impression that I would have another 3-4 weeks before our first child was to arrive , and I was concerned about how I was going to make that work during the week of my < PROPFEMALE > board exam , when - she didn't wait , but arrived about 6:36 pm this very day . Thank You , Lord , for that precious bundle that has grown into the beautiful person that is < PROPFEMALE > ! 
is SO HAPPY to be able to spend some quality time with the family this weekend ! It's been a long time since we were all together like this 
is getting excited about the play this weekend at the college ! 
can't wait for the last night of Design for Murder and the choir comcert tomorrow !! 
thanks everyone for a great run of the play ! 
REALLY enjoyed the choir concert today !!! Thank you all so much ! 
thinks it's nice to have the family back together .... 
is heading for High School marching band competition at KState on saturday ... 
is so excited that MHS got a SUPERIOR score today at the marching band festival !! 
wonders : Can anyone recommend a good electrician in McPherson ? I keep getting the run around ... 
has the GREATEST Kids ! 
had fun being the < PROPMALE > Tech Maniacs roller girls team for Halloween at work today ! 
hopes you respect the family you have been blessed with .... 
is concerned about by my mom , < PROPFEMALE > Pettit , in North Manchester , IN . She has finally gotten her knee replacement surgery rescheduled for November 15th , so I hope all goes well .... 
wants to remind everyone that if you need anything transported to or from North Manchester , IN , just give me a call before Friday ..... 
thinks it strange to be living a life so riddled with cicumstance that I feel as if no one really KNOWS me ... 
goin ' to see my mama ... 
thinks Indiana is faaaarrr !! 
is praying for my mom and all the doctors , nurses , and technicians caring for Mom as she goes in for her surgery today . May we all have a good day ..... 
mom made it through surgery alright , but is reacting poorly to the anesthesia . Please continue to keep her in your prayers .... 
they released Mom from the hospital on Thursday afternoon , but she has a long road ahead . May God < PROPMALE > her peace to get the ' s<PROPMALE>' back into her step .... 
is ve-ry weary .... :/ 
and now to hit the ground running ! 
is thankful .... 
likes hearing people remembering to be greatful ... Let's keep it up ! 
wishes the holiday could last longer ! 
can't imagine any way she could possibly work any harder .... 
Change\ 
your FB profile picture to a cartoon character from your childhood . \ 
The goal ? To not see a human face on FB until Monday , December 6 . Join \ 
the fight against child abuse and copy and paste to your status to \ 
invite your friends to do the same . 
got stranded in Inman tonight ! 
well , I made it home , but now i've gotta figure out how to get the car back home from over there ! 
is enjoying the colors of the holiday season ..... 
says - Happy Christmas !! 
wants you to know that it was a little touch-and-go driving to Hutch at 630 this morning for work ! 
is glad to have the sunshine back ! 
Right after noon , around 1215 on this day 18 years ago , my BIG , strong , healthy baby boy was born . HAPPY BIRTHDAY , < PROPMALE > ! I love you , son ! 
I guess a new season shall begin - with much < PROPFEMALE > , prayer , and inner strength ..... 
thinks today has been so beautiful for a day in January ! 
is wishung everyone warmth and safety that has to try and ger out to get to work today ... Take Care ! 
praying for peace , safety , and\ 
security today .... 
Security is HighLY underrated ... 
Student Health at McPherson College - Do we need to re-visit offering healthcare on campus ? Please voice your opinion here ... 
Student Health at McPherson College - Do we need to re-visit offering healthcare on campus ? Please voice your opinion here ... 
I've been feeling the reality of the \empty nest\ " thing coming on ... I didn't expect it to come on so fast or soon .... I love my kids SO MUCH and have done all I can to give them a good start ! " 
Happy Birthday , < PROPFEMALE > ! I hope it's a great one ! 
