wtf is HP6 ? 

is feeling more than a little dumb >.< 
Back from Chicago , sleep never seemed so attractive . That's why I'm on my computer getting emails and such . 
is thinking you can have anything you want , just not everything ; so you'd better choose which want you want now while you still want what you can have . 
MY EYE IS BURNING !!! 
No surgery , just pain equivalent to passing a gallstone for another week . Yay ? 
is thinking Guitar Hero would be much less obnoxious if my walls were always sound-proofed . 
is excited to go on choir retreat ! 
Mah SPOON is too big ! 
Great . Now I can't stop thinking about zombies coming to get me . 
too ... much ... homework ... * erk * 
is suuuper excited for Saturday :) 
is very content with the all hallow's < PROPFEMALE > experience from this year , and will now enjoy a comfortable bed with a wonderful companion . 
is still trying to get black gunk out of his hair . 
apparently homework that hasn't been appropriately aged by procastination takes about 10 hours longer than it should . 
is REALLY glad that he always locks the door when he's at home . Apparently , crazy people with guns do happen . 
My throat was just raped by a pea ... My current condition is debatable . 
HEY ALL CHOIR PEOPLEs ! Please check your email for a message from Rothlisberger about a gig tomorrow ( Monday ) . 
is celebrating his b-day by studying for tests and writing papers . School waits for no one . Thanks for all the wishes , guys ! Makes the difference between studying in a good mood from studying in a bad mood :D 
I went from thinking I wouldn't be doing anything for my b-day to having people over , a pizza party , ice-cream cake , presents , a bazillion b-day wishes on Fbook , and a new cell phone ! Thank you so much , guys , it means a lot to me . 
is excited to look for < PROPFEMALE > Borealis tonight . 
is unhappy that the solid wall of clouds has foiled his star-gazing plans yet again ! Those Gemini meteors would have been wicked-cool . 
is glad to be back in Stillwater ... It's just so much cleaner . 
You must have heard your fathers tell my story , whoever your fathers are ; you must know of my life , the anguish I once had , and the great house full of my treasure , left in desolation . 
Thusfar today has consisted of shoveling copious amounts of snow , then doing it all over when the wind undoes my work . Somewhere someone in a God costume is laughing at me . 
' s hands smell strongly of garlic . 
needs more nerd points so he can level and take some skills in computering . 
is playing through BG1 again . If you know what that means , kudos , if you don't , you don't deserve to know . 
is soooo sleepy , but soooo tired of sleeping without actually sleeping . 
is entertained by energetic children who can think of nothing they'd rather do than run in circles in the living room . 
How many MSUM students does it take to screw in a lightbulb ? 
\Doppelgänger Week . \ " -- During this week change your profile picture to someone famous who you have been told you look like . Post this to your profile . " 
is super pumped for spring break ! 
OMGOMGOMG ! Has real internet in 3 ... 2 ... wait , wait it's already HERE ! Is connected with life again !!!! 
Why is the world always short of DM's ? 
My hands smell of Bergamont 
is grossed out by geographic tongue 
begins his quest for data tomorrow ! 
' s hands now smell like a cross between Bergamont , chocolate , cinnomen , and myrrh ... Actually I'm pretty much just permeated with the smell . 
My favorite thing right now : < PROPFEMALE > says ( 10:43 PM ): I went there , < PROPFIRST > . When you have a dinosaur , you're a BOY . 
is at the airport waiting for his new flight .... again . They apparently always oversell by 10% which usually works out , but they should really think about lowering that around Spring Break and the Holidays ! 
Had a fun ( though short ) concert , and is now looking forward to celebrating 4 b-days in one big Stillwater weekend ! 
enjoying the amazing 85% cacao chocolate from Trader Joes .... SO cheap ! SOOOO good ! 
hmm ... I think I liked the chocolate-covered-tree-testicles better . 
got to use Jujitsu for the first time AND save a lady in distress in a relatively peaceful manner . Yay enforcement style martial arts ! 
is silly stuff . 
is chasing time's tail . 
CONCERT ! 
is in the pursuit of menalist activities 
is perplexed by life's propensity to proliferate a preponderance of peregrinations predominantly paradoxical in temporal positioning : It's parlously prohibitive !!! 
is \partly cloudy\ " supposed to be slightly cloudier than \ " partly sunny\ " ? Or is that just weather people trying to make us have a darker outlook on the day ? " 
Leaving on Choir Tour ! Back on the 27th . 
MAY DAY , MAY DAY !!! My motivation to do homework is completely lacking ! Oh , and also , it is May Day . 
suggests that you attend the choir concert today at Our Redeemer Lutheran Church either at 4:30 pm or 7:30 pm . 
Has < PROPFIRST > his last college chior concert . It was fun . 
is reminding himself of all the fun times that his procrastination gave him to counteract the suffering . 
is going to be done with school soon ; excited to do real work and get away from this ugly place , but will miss it all the same . 
WOOOOOooohoooo !!! Last project = done , and no tests ! 
feels like a superhero . 
hopes you have a great sleep , but an even better awakening . 
cut his finger with a knife for the first time ever(not counting juggling ) . 
is walking for graduation tomorrow , but doesn't even know if he passed the one class he had ... kind of all hinges on the final project . \ 
\ 
I couldn't imagine that I did poorly , but something seems off about the order of this .... 
Is in the full swing of moving , so no more computering for a few days :( 
is working in the Real World !!! 
it is so early right now ... What is going on ?!? 
RL is ftw .... now time to start up my MMORPG of choice again . 
O my mind , be thou ' ware of this : Paralysis by analysis . 
Remembers why he has remained faithfully attached to D&D despite the ridiculously long drought . Thank you , < PROPFIRST > ! 
Is enjoying experiencing a hypothetical world through the eyes of \All's fair for all's welfare \"" 
Happy 8/9/10 , everyone !!! 
made it into The Gregorian Singers ! \ 
I was like , \Audition Powers 
had a great time at the Ren Fest with everyone , thanks for coming ! 
Does ANYONE know who currently has my I/O textbook ?! It's being used so much I'm thinking of calling it Smurfette , and I no longer have any idea where it is ... 
Except when used in hypothetical constructs , absolutes are always the < PROPFIRST > of ignorance . 
Good advice is advice you wish you'd had before you'd heard it . 
\Here I am with spellings three 
What two things can't be had for dinner , But without them you'd be much thinner ? 
Thanks guys , had a great one ! 
Frustratedly trying to delete unwanted apps . Foiled by FB again . 
2 days until the PHR test blows me out of the proverbial water . 
Sigh of real relief . Googly eyes of surprise . Thanking Lady Luck . 
Sleep flies on temptress ' wings , taunting ;\ 
Mind dwells on memories ' dreams , haunting . \ 
Awake ! Covers ' warm embrace are shackles falling ;\ 
Away ! The dark unknown is my name calling . 
I took the AD&D Stats Quiz and got these stats :\ 
STR : 13\ 
INT : 17\ 
WIS : 14\ 
DEX : 17\ 
CON : 14\ 
CHR : 18\ 
Take the quiz yourself at http://www.KevinHaw.com/add_quiz.php 
