Goodmorning Arizona ! 

Oh , and Texas ! 
As normal can't sleep ! Or won't sleep , not really sure anymore 
Goodmorning again everyone ! 
All dressed up and no place to go . Man I'm bored out of my mind . I can't wait to get a job again . So TIRED of being home ! 
Hello Everybody 
well , I tried the friend quiz , after a few minutes discovered it might get me in trouble 
NOT my finest picture ever .... but here I am 
I think I'm spiraling into depression , since I don't like ANY of my pictures .. but I decided to go with this one . 
Well , dyed my hair last night .... it's now orange on top and the same as it always is on bottom ! How fun .... guess I'll have to re-do it tonight . I wonder if anyone in my class will notice right now ? 
sitting here with hair dye in my hair , 30 minutes to kill . Damn this sucks 
o.k. so it's more of a strawberry blond than a natural blond , but that's how it turned out ... need to spruce up the pic though , maybe put on some makeup and wipe that cheesy smile off my face . But it was so funny I kept trying to pull my hair forward so I could get a good pic , and it made me laugh 
k , yeah < PROPMALE > said you had called 
Goodmorning All ! 
Alright , I'm officially bored out of my mind 
Finally done with Homework ! 
Good morning everyone 
LOL , for everyone I sent notifications to , I am NOT stalking your profile ..... at least nobody on my friends list ! I just wanted to see if anyone was stalking MINE ..... just wishful thinking as it turns out ! 
Goodmorning everyone ! 
I don't know , but I'm wondering if The Fortune Teller is Hokey ?!? 
< PROPFIRST > has a new word now .... it's oooook . I didn't realize I said o.k. that much , but he picked it up somehow ! 
O.k. I answered yes to everything on the friends quiz so nobody be offended k ? 
Well , I've been working on schoolwork and housework the last couple of days , figured it was about time to check in . 
Am having problems with my facebook , it's not wanting to log me in 
Just finished scanning 200 pics , then accidentally deleted them all ! 
Yay ! I get to go out tonight ..... I'm so excited 
Just sitting here bored , wondering whether to do more schoolwork or take a break 
Just wasting time until everyone gets up , it's housecleaning day again ! 
Sad because the father of my baby and his family don't want anything to do with the baby . I can't believe anyone is so cold hearted . 
O.k. I'm uploading a ton of family photos 
How Many Of You Really Know ALL Of The People On Your Friend List ? I Mean Personally Know ? Here's A Task For You : I Want People On My List To Comment How They Met Me . After You Have Completed This , Repost This In Your Status Box . You Will Be Amazed At How Interesting This Can Really Be . Have Fun 
How Many Of You Really Know ALL Of The People On Your Friend List ? I Mean Personally Know ? Here's A Task For You : I Want People On My List To Comment How They Met Me . After You Have Completed This , Repost This In Your Status Box . 
Got up early to prepare for exterminator's ... man I'm tired 
Going to look at a car this morning and hopefully buy it . Excited ! 
Time to get back to doing my schoolwork again . 
??????????????? If you support our troops then please post this on your status and leave it there for one hour . There should be no excuses from anyone !!!! This should appear in everyone's status . Please do this for the ones who make this the Home of the Free BECAUSE of the Brave !!!! ??????????????? USA . GOD BLESS OUR TROOPS 
Goodmorning everyone ! Need to do some classwork today but I'll be on and off of here so wish me luck ! 
I wish Heaven had a phone so I could hear your voice again .. I thought of you today , but that is nothing new . I thought about you yesterday , and days before that too . I think of you in silence , I often speak your name . All I have are memories and a picture in a frame . Your memory is a keepsake , from which I'll never part . God has you in his arms .. I have you in my heart . Re-post if you have someone in Heaven ! 
just got done with schoolwork for a few , thought I'd take a break and check to see if anythings going on on facebook 
Goodmorning everyone ! Having coffee and playing apps ! 
Hi everyone ! Haven't been on here lately been so busy getting finished with school ... graduations coming up ! Just thought I'd check in ! 
IN MEMORY of all babies born sleeping or whom we have carried , but never met , or held in our arms . Make this your profile status if you or someone you know has suffered the loss of a baby . Most won't do it , because unlike cancer , baby loss is still a taboo subject . Break the silence , In Memory of all Angel Babies , gone too soon , but never forgotten .. in memory of the baby I lost .. 
Haven't been on in awhile , just thought I'd say hi to everyone and play some apps , I'm sure all my crops have withered ! 
Well as of tommorrow I don't think I'll have internet anymore so I don't know when I'll get to get on here again . 
Finally Graduated ! OMG I have a degree ! 
Well , looks like I get to keep my internet for a couple more weeks after all ! 
Goodmorning everyone ! Just thought I'd say hi , and get some coffee before I get to work cleaning house . 
Well it's sure been a busy day . The cultural festival is tonight and < PROPFEMALE > looks so CUTE in her poodle skirt ! 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of theUnited States of < PROPFEMALE > , and to the Republic for which it stands : oneNation under GOD , indivisible , with < PROPFEMALE > and Justice for all . REPOSTIF YOU THINK OUR COUNTRY , OUR FLAG & GOD DESERVE RESPECT ! 
Going to get a tooth pulled in about 15 minutes wish me luck ! 
Two Marines Were Refused Service at Charley’s Philly Steaks by Anti-war employee in Stockton , CA . The two Marines walked up to order lunch , the manager refused to serve them , she stated that they represented the war and she would not serve anyone in uniform . Here is the number 209-473-8858 ... If this is offensive to you , post ...... this as your status 
Why is my family so lazy ? I went to bed at 1 a.m. along with my daughter and ex-husband .... so how can I get up at 8 a.m. and they're still sleeping at 10:30 a.m. ? 
Alright everyone pray for me and wish me luck ! I have an interview with Bank of < PROPFEMALE > tommorrow ! 
Trying to get my family up so they'll have a couple of hours to wake up , eat and shower before church , but like every other morning , NO LUCK ! How can they sleep so much ? If I lay in bed for 10 or 12 hours I'd be SO sore , I don't know how they do it ! 
Let's flood FB !!!!. I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of < PROPFEMALE > , and to the Republic for which it stands : one Nation underGOD , indivisible , with < PROPFEMALE > andJustice for all . REPOST IF YOU THINKOUR COUNTRY , OUR FLAG & GOD DESERVE RESPECT ! Let's see how many ......... < PROPFEMALE > ns will . Will you ???? 
Haven't checked on my facebook in awhile , just thought I'd say hi and good morning to everyone ! 
I went to bed sad last night because love isn't at all what I expected it to be . No sparks fly when we look at each other across the room , and we don't stay locked in long embraces and gaze lovingly into one anothers eyes , but for the last 14 years we've managed to stay friends through the worst of betrayals to one another . 
For 14 years we've put up with each others shit .... When we fight I know I'll wake up in the morning to find him still snoring on the couch . At some point during the day I'll disagree with him about something , and at some point during the same day I'll laugh at his tacky off-color joke . 
We'll belly bump in the hallway and we'll laugh about our kids . On Sunday we'll get up and go to church even though we both get lazy as hell . We'll work on the same goal even if we do it in a different way . He'll be there to f*ck with me when my bottom lip sticks out cause I'm crying at some stupid movie , and tell me that the baby gets it from me . 
All these years I spent looking for love , and I think I've finally got a clue . It's waking up and knowing that my life was lonely when he wasn't there for me and thank God he's been decent enough to forgive me and thank God I've been decent enough to forgive him , or it would still be a mess . 
LOL .... that's what's on MY mind this morning ! 
Write a comment ... 
Another sleepless night for me .... 
Goodmorning and happy father's day to all the father's on my friends list ! Good job guys ! 
Goodmorning everyone , just thought I'd get on for a few minutes this morning and see how everyone is doing . 
Well , looks like I'm off to pick up the kids and then to the hospital for awhile . 
Had a long and boring day .... hope today goes better ! 
Well gonna ' try to quit smoking again , everyone wish me luck ! Going to Dr. today , hopefully can get something to help . 
Well , guess I'll go do something else for awhile , finally played all of my aps and re-gifted everyone ... and by the way thanks everybody ! 
So bored today , starting to wonder if I'll ever find another job . 
I don't mind doing most of the housework myself , but sometimes I sure wish < PROPMALE > and the kids would get out of the house for awhile so I could . I could crank up the music and run the vaccuum and not have to hear anyone complain about how much noise I'm making ! Or make me feel bad cause I want a little help with it . Oh well . 
Well , we're off to rent movies I hope we find something good ! 
Off to actually watch the movies we rented now ! BBL everyone have fun 
lol , don't know what my pint sized son needs with a full-sized bed , but I got kicked out of it half an hour ago ! 
Think I finally lost my internet at home , at dad's now ... just saying hi everyone ... don't know when I'll be back on full-time ! 
Well hi everyone , just doing my daily check in to see what's going on . I'm SOOO bored at home without my internet ! Didn't realize how much I'd miss it . 
Bored , hot and lazy ... Too darn hot to try to do anything at all today . 
Well , heading home now ... everyone enjoy your night ! 
Yay ! My dad will be home today finally ! Thanks everyone who said prayers for us ! Guess I'll be leaving for my house here in a few but Hi everybody ! 
Going home for real this time .... bye all ! 
Goodnight all ! 
Finally got a call to interview ... for a Home Depot suprevisor position in Atlanta , GA .... think that's a little far for me .... why can't I just find something around here ? 
Well , guess I'll get off of this thing for awhile .... starting to make my eyes tired ! 
I PLEDGE ALLEGIANCE TO THE FLAG OF THE UNITED STATES OF < PROPFEMALE > AND TO \ 
THE REPUBLIC FOR WHICH IT STANDS ONE NATION UNDER GOD INDIVISABLE WITH \ 
< PROPFEMALE > AND JUSTICE FOR ALL ... REPOST IF YOU THINK GOD , OUR COUNTRY AND \ 
OUR FLAG DESERVE RESPECT ..... LETS SEE HOW MANY < PROPFEMALE > NS WILL REPOST 
It's so darn HOT today ! 
Well , think I'm off to bed ... it's early but maybe the baby will come to bed , we got up early ! 
Well , going to bed early didn't quite work out as I had planned so here I go again . 
Well hope everyone has a good 3rd and 4th of July ! Can't wait for the fireworks tonight , could really use pick me up today ... woke up depressed , but the fireworks always put a smile on my face ! This year < PROPMALE > will prolly love them ... last year they were a bit scary for him ! Can't wait to see his reaction this year now that he's older ! 
Happy 4h everyone ! 
What a boring day . 
Going swimming with the kids ! Yay ! 
I am so bored .... everyone napping , and the big kids still at the pool ! 
Well , o.k. it's time for my bubble bath , and hopefully relief from my sunburn ... ( whaaaa) ! Then off to bed ! Goodnight everyone ! 
I should be in bed ! 
So tired , think I'll try for a nap now . BBL 
MMMM , just had dinner , shredded pork tacos ... 
Well , think I'll try to get to bed early ! Night all ! 
Well think I'm off to give < PROPFIRST > his bath ... Goodnight all 
O.k. everyone that sends me gifts , I need orange and blue gems in Treasure Isle and all building supplies for Frontierville ! 
Got my house clean again finally ! 
planted tomato and eggplant on my frontierville 
Today sure is a boring day .... 
Well goodnight all ! 
It's so humid here my carpet feels wet .... GROSS ! 
Ha , and speaking of responsibility .... I have a baby who needs a bath ! Talk to everyone later ! 
Yay , finally got the cooler fixed ! 
k , well if anyone wants to chat I have yahoo messenger on . Gonna ' go mess with youtube for awhile . 
Well , was up all night last night . Think I'll go take a shower and see if I can't get to bed early tonight . Might be back on later . 
O.k. gonna ' brag just a little .... My oldest daughter has been called to serve the Young Women's Presidency of our church as secretary ! Yay ! 
HA ! Can't say what I feel ! 
decided to drink beer with spicy V8 can anyone say heartburn .... as if it wasn't already burnt 
K , gonna ' go listen to music now ! 
Alright , I've had my fun ! No more drinking tonight ! 
If someone says they enjoy every minute of their insanity then they've never been insane ! 
Hi everyone ! Think I'm feeling better today , at least I sure hope so ! 
Well , didn't want to wake up but did it anyway , now think it's time to nap again .... at least until my apt . later ! 
Alright I'm back .... SOOOO bored today ! 
Had a good day today , and hoping tommorrow goes smooth as well ! 
Alright everyone , need blue gems for treasure isle ! 
Am so lazy today , think I'll go read my book for awhile .... well that's if < PROPFIRST > didn't hide it ! :) 
My kids are driving me crazy today ! Yikes .... 
wish someone else could tell me what to do 
Damn , I'm so tired of stressing . Wish I could just get back on a regular sleep schedule again . 
SOOOOO Tired ! Wish my big boy wouldn't have waken up my little boy ! 
Alright cranky baby equals nap time ! 
No nap for me today .... baby just not c o-o perating . 
Woke up early again this morning . Good to get up early , means get to go to bed early too ! Yay ! 
Finally got the house mostly clean ! Yay ! 
Almost wish the house wasn't clean .... what am I gonna ' do today ? 
Goodmorning everyone , will be off and on today , gotta ' get this house clean again ! 
Finally I can relax , my house is clean once again . 
My son is so cute , even when he's dragging all of his toys and the sheets and the dishes out after I spent the day cleaning like crazy ! 
Finally , my kids are up and ready for school ! Thought I was going to have to do something drastic to haul them out of bed . If I'm not mistaken think my son just tried to spank my butt ! Think I better go and teach a few kids some life lessons ! HAHAHAHA ! THIS should be FUN ! 
I'm SoOOOOOOOOO bored today ! 
Today I've been blessed ! 
Children\ 
with special needs don't have an illness , so they are not \ 
contagious . They want what we all want - to be accepted . Most of you \ 
probably won't copy and paste this . But will you do it and leave it on \ 
your status for at least one hour ? It's Special Education week and this \ 
............ is in honor of all the kids who need a little extra help ! 
At my parent's real quick , just thought I'd check my facebook . 
Just checking fb on my phone 
Miss talking 2 all my friends ! 
Just thought i'd check my fb while I'm out at my parent's place 
Just seeing if anyone is here , picking up wireless for just a minute but better go ... not sure who's internet I'm on . 
bored ... just figured I'd check out my fb real quick 
My mom has made me laugh , wiped my tears hugged me tight , watched me succeed , seen me fall , cheered me on , kept me going strong , and DROVE ME CRAZY at times ... Moms are a promise from God that you will have a friend forever ! Put this on your status if you love your mom , whether .. she's here with you , or in Heaven ? I love you ........ mom very much !! 
Finally get a < PROPMALE > to get on fb and you know none of my friends would be on to chat with :( 
My son < PROPFIRST > and I are watching a Mummy movie on Disney channel .... now he wants to know if he could have a mummy if it was really nice ?!? 
Remind me to QUIT letting him take late naps ! Am I ever going to get to go to bed now ? 
Well off to pretend I'm sleeping ... maybe < PROPFIRST > will get the idea and try it himself ..... 
Just waiting 4 my kids 2 get out of school , thought i'd check my fb . 
well not for sure exactly when but sometime in december should have my own internet back ! 
Happy Thanksgiving to all my friends and family . We love you all and miss everyone we don't get a < PROPMALE > to see ! 
Alright , work is stressful and I never talk to anyone anymore and I never have time if I wanted to , so this is just a generic love you to everyone ! 
I am sooo bored 
Yay ! I have internet again ! 
Well going to spend some of my hard earned paycheck .... bbl all ! 
Thanks for all the Happy Birthdays everyone ! 
CONFESSION TIME : 2010 is almost over , confess something you've always wanted to tell me ( inbox only ) . put this as your status , you might be surprised 
Well it's been a long day , I'm SOOOO ready for the weekend . 
I have to clean house today .... please somebody/something motivate me ! 
Alright have some < PROPFEMALE > Rio playing ..... YEEEHAAAW !!!! 
Well I guess I'll go and work on my house for a bit 
Alright , I got the living room clean ..... now onto the kitchen but first a quick break .... 
( Poke ) me if you ever had a crush on me or still do .. \ 
( LIKE ) This status if you think am a good friend .. \ 
( MESSAGE ) me if u ever wanted a relationship with me .. \ 
( COMMENT ) On this if we have had good memories .. \ 
Now let's see who is brave enough to put this as their status\ 
...... :] 
HahahahaHAHA !!!!! I WIN !!!!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone !!!!! 
Well 2 things are certain , I'm the oldest 32 year old ever .... and I've absolutely GOT to clean my house and get cooking this morning ! 
My 2 year old got out of his bath and when I told him it was time to put on his pants ... He told me \NO POOP NO PANTS ! \ " I'm wondering now if we're getting closer to the potty or farther away .... " 
For the first time in 3 years it hit me this morning ..... FREEDOM !! There was nothing I could have said or done better or different that would have made him stay .... the ball was out of my court . 
YOUR SON WILL HOLD YOUR HAND FOR ONLY A LITTLE WHILE , BUT WILL HOLD YOUR HEART FOR A LIFETIME . ITS SON'S WEEK .... IF YOU HAVE A SON WHO MAKES YOUR LIFE WORTH LIVING BY JUST BEING AROUND , AND IF YOU'RE PROUD OF YOUR SON , COPY AND PASTE THIS TO YOUR STATUS 
Red Bull 
Alright , need everyone's < PROPFIRST > again , baby ruined my phone ..... I still have the same number , but I lost all my contacts . 
