yay - i finally get to see < PROPFIRST > tonight ! 

almost done unpacking boxes =] i love our new fantabulous apartment !!! 
< PROPMALE > is so awesome to learn !!! Watch out i'll be speaking all kinds of languages soon =] 
I want some reeses . yummmmmmmmm 
Es ist so heißt und schwül draußel . Ich will wirklich schwimmen ! 
Es ist so heiß und schwül draußel . Ich will wirklich schwimmen ! 
has a 95 midterm average for German ------- whaaaaaaaaa . I'm such a badass =] 
Got my < PROPMALE > final to go and then I have two more classes to finish out my summer . =] 
done with < PROPMALE > and speech .... now comes criminal justice and british literature 
almost has my 5 straight A's for my summer classes =] YEAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHH 
I am craving < PROPFEMALE > garden ... can't wait to eat it at work tomorrow for lunch ... YUMMMMMMMM 
i need to excercise , take a test and clean . i'm quite lazy today though . 
im so mad at myself for eating a brownie .... extra long workout tomorrow and no more sweets until i lose weight ! 
payday ... woot woot 
getting ready for a hardcore hour long workout =] =] =] 
Is getting in shape . Hells to tha yeahhhhhhhh =] 
is feeling lazy tonight but I gotta go workout !!! 
almost done with summer classes , one week to go ! 
3 more days until i'm done with classes ..... YESSSSSSSSS ! Then I will have a week and a half break =] . now i've got to get my exercise on .... 
I have 10 days to get super skinny ... got to do a lot of exercise and a really strict diet ! 
2 more days of work and I have a 5 day weekend . yyyeeeaahhhhhh ! 
finally had a really good day today ..... and tomorrow will only be better : friday AND payday ........ YEAHHHHHHH 
damn it's 12:30 .... tomorrow is monday =[ 
sooooo glad it's the weekend AND it's finally cool outside =] =] =] praise the lord ! 
I made my first pumpkin =] and it's cute !!! 
rain rain go away come again another day 
happy halloween !!! 
man i wish i could just snap my fingers and lose weight . it sucks being fat ! 
I love my husband 
are you ready for some footballllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll 
Wow- things are going so good right now . God is so wonderful =] 
wow- thanksgiving is already next week ?!?!?!?! 
How is it that things can never go good for longer than a couple days ? 
i love my new car =] 
yay ..... tomorrow is my thursday of the week ! 2 more days left until a 4 day weekend !!! 
got a new juicer !!! can't wait to make some =] 
HAPPY THANKSGIVING EVERYONE !!! 
yup ... the colts are STILL undefeated !!! GO PEYTON ! 
the blindside was such an AWESOME movie , everyone needs to go see it :) 
can't wait til friday =] 
hmmm i wonder if it will actually snow tomorrow ... 
are you ready for some footballllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll ??? 
so at least tomorrow is tuesday ...... maybe the week will go by quicker than i thought 
yay tomorrow is wednesday - almost halfway done =] 
wow ... no mas escuela y < PROPFEMALE > hacer 
Indy still going strong 13-0 - GO COLTS !!!!!!!!! 
it's only monday ... last FULL week of work though for a while =] 
i need to quit postponing my christmas shopping !!! 
yeaaahhhhhh got my new haircut finally ! for some reason i always feel better once i get one ! 
wow - christmas in a little over 2 days ..... ready for some time off work ! 
about to get cozy at home with my hubby - hope everyone had a wonderful christmas !!! 
getting ready to have some dinner then get ready to go downtown for NYE .... yeahhhh ! Come on 2011 ...... bye bye 2010 !!!! 
Happy New Year !!! 
Definitely rang in 2011 right !!! Now gotta get started on my new year's resolutions !!! 
ok ..... so the big day is tomorrow !!! no more glasses and contacts wooo hoooooo !!!!!!!! 
Ok I am upset that the colts lost , however they were still #1 in the AFC and it was a good game ! Still love my colts !!! 
I HATE companies that tell you that you will pay \x\ " amount a month for something and then you receive a nice big < PROPMALE > that's 5 times that amount . WTF WTF WTF now I get to stay on the phone for hours tomorrow pissed off until this is fixed . F U COMCAST !!! " 
When a problem comes along you must whip it ... 
Who all see the leprechaun say yeahhhhhh . I wanna know where the gold at ... gimme the gold !!! 
I am craving a spinach stromboli from double daves ... YUM 
valentines day is trying to make me fat with all this < PROPFEMALE > !!! I can't let all my hard work be undone =/ 
I couldn't have asked for a better day today , I got MY refund from the IRS , accepted to the UH bauer college of business , AND my kitties are all using the toilet - God is good !!! 
what a weekend 
I don't know why , but I have this crazy obsession with reeses peanut butter cups lately ... damn fattening sweets ! 
I start P90X tomorrow =] whoo hoo ! 
all you need is love , love , love is all you need :) 
I think I just may go to bed right now ... I am VERY tired and need some sleep =] 
salsa dancing and dinner with my wonderful hubby tonight <3 
So I FINALLY am uploading my last month worth of pics ... isn't procrastination wonderful ? 
so tomorrow my hubby is now off of work :) so we will have a great easter sunday cleaning and spending time together . Hopefully I can get him to go to church with me :) 
why so serious ??? 
word to the wise : don't stuff your face with shipleys donuts , you will feel really sick :/ 
dancing with the stars tonight yay :) 
watching avatar , it's really good :) 
4 months , really ? come on !!! 
yay my hair is starting to get long again :) FINALLY 
ok so how do I get lost in the woodlands when I've lived here for 5 years ? Only I could do something like that ... 
ok , so I am actually going to go do some exercise this evening ... maybe not a LOT ... but it's better than watching an exercise video and eating muffins :) 
I don't get these dancing workout videos , you can't just show someone how to do a move once really fast and BAM there it is ! hellooo dancing was not my gift , eating was that's why I'm trying to follow you and your stupid workout dance ! 
bye bye nuclear reactor , taking you out was creepy and weird 
I am starting to realize that I am just wasting time when I worry so much , because God will always take care of me no matter what . Everything will always work out in it's own time :) 
only 5 days til the weekend :) 
I wonder who's going to get voted off DWTS tonight ... 
so I'm thinking bubble bath then bed :) 
getting so close to starting UHD :) finally !!!!! 
gosh what is wrong with me ? I feel so horrible and it's not a virus of any sort :( I hope the dr can help tomorrow . 
need to feel better ! 
ok , seriously why can't men put the dang seat up when they pee ??? you already put the lid up , what's so hard about the seat ? women don't like cleaning up your pee ! 
TGIF and I have a 3-day weekend to look forward too ! Gotta love paid time off :) 
Just talked to my sweet nieces , I can't believe how fast they are growing up ! Crazy to think what I was doing at their age too . I am so glad they are getting A's and B's in school though :) they must get that from me lol 
Glad it's Saturday :) running some errands and then being lazy the rest of the day ! 
catching up on some true blood before the next season starts , I <3 this show :) 
rain rain go away , come again another day 
so glad I have tomorrow off :) lots of appointments to go to though 
Dear idiot drivers , please start paying attention when you are on the road !!! 
Hey it's you , mcmuffin ! 
What a dumb day today . People need a life for real . 
really wants some starbucks 
GOD !!! It's amazing how one person can really ruin your day in just one hour . 
OMG I WANT TO SCREAM !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I am going to make today a good day :) 
NFL Draft baaaabbbbaaaaayyyyyy !!! 
Hell yeah , < PROPMALE > had 2 picks in the first round and got Tebow !!! 
Can't wait for rounds 2 and 3 tonight !!!!!!!! 
OMG how does my cable box brake in the middle of the draft ? DAMN COMCAST !!! All of my recorded stuff on DVR is gone too :( 
I finally started working out again , and doing a \sort of\ " diet . Now let's just see if I can keep it up ! " 
:( 
watching fireproof , such an awesome movie !!! 
wow what a worthless day of napping and eating on and off . I need a life 
I can't believe how tired I am this morning :/ I need way more coffee to function ! 
ok , it really hurts to stab yourself with a sharp fondue fork when you're doing dishes . that's all . 
ouch :( 
dammit it sucks only being able to use 1 thumb !!! please thumb i want you to heal and feel better :) 
problems are just solutions waiting to be found , isn't that the truth !!! hello solutions , come out come out wherever you are ... 
is it sad that I am excited to start working on my bachelor's at U of H in June ??? 
I official- I hate recycling !!! 
wow I had a LONGGGGG day today . SO glad it's over . Church in the morning and then some rest to gear up for a new work week :) 
Wow I have SO much cleaning and laundry to do in my house today :( not looking forward to this at all ! Please God give me the strength to knock it out quickly and seamlessly :) 
why is it that monday's go by so slow ? 
is there anyone out there that thinks Ransom is a cool name for a boy ??? 
All of you people out there that are talking trash about this oil rig blow out need to quit !!! unless you work with one of the companies involved , or know someone who does , then you have NO idea what you are talking about . The media has no idea what they are talking about either . It was obviously an accident that people are working long hours everday to fix . So please shut it . That is all . 
totally just broke down and ordered pizza ... but I can't wait to eat it :) YUM !!! 
ok- why does the tag on my blow dryer say \don't use while sleeping\ " ... really ??? " 
lookin like a fool wit ya pants on the ground 
I received a check in the mail today for a whole dollar . BALLLLLIIIIINNNNNN . Seriously though , who sends a check for a dollar ? 
In west philadelphia I was born and raised ........ 
5 days until I get my associates :) and then I'm on to my bachelor's!!! 
drop it low and let me see ya hips swing , down to floor now let me see ya hips swing 
wow- just found a bunch of pictures of me from basic training in the army from 2005 . It's crazy to see them- good times !!! 
last final tonight and I graduate tomorrow -what whaaaaattttt !!!! 
yessssss I finally have an associate's degree :) It feels SO good ! Now I get to shop for a new purse tomorrow with Jenn and see my < PROPFIRST > graduate from < PROPFIRST > - hell yes ! 
New coach purse - $135 , Wallet to match - $90 , Tank of gas to drive to Huntsville - $30 . Watching my best friend get her Bachelor's degree - PRICELESS !!! Congrats < PROPFIRST > I love you !!! 
Watching < PROPMALE > Wonka and the Chocolate Factory- such a classic ! This movie really makes me want to eat a bunch of sweets though :/ 
winner winner chicken dinner !!! 
I really want some raising canes - YUM !!! 
DAMN HEATHENS !!!!!! 
ok - so I am seriously considering going back to being a vegetarian ... 
ok I have made up my mind , starting June 1st no more meat ! 
Woke up quick , at about noon just thought that I had to be in Compton soon . I gotta get drunk before the day begins ... 
ok- not trying to offend anyone here , but parents when your kids are screaming at the top of their lungs in a public place and won't stop please hush them up !!! no one wants to hear that !!! 
busy busy day today ! $1 flip flops @ old navy , tan , get new tires , pack , and then go see my precious nanny in madisonville :) 
Got my ab lounge today ... YEAHHH !!! gonna be slim and trim soon :) Thanks Chels ! 
gonna get down on some ab lounging woop woop 
Going to exercise and then watch the Dancing with the Stars Finale . I hope < PROPFEMALE > wins ! 
ugh- I wake up at 4 and can't get back to sleep until 15 minutes before I have to wake up at 7- oh joy ! 
making brownies for potluck tomorrow . yum yum yum 
I don't care how girly ppl think the movie mean girls is , but it's frikin hilarious !!! 
I know this sounds bad , but it's SO funny to watch people fall !!! 
shiiiaaaatttttt it's hot ! welcome back 102 degree weather !!! 
only in texas can you get sunburned walking into a walmart because it's so damn hot 
starbucks ice cream = heaven on earth <3 
Wonderful church service this morning :) now time for some yoga , laundry , and deep cleaning . 
house is spotless from top to bottom and all laundry is done . now what to do ?!? 
I hate politics 
what a busy day today- work then school . gotta get used to having no life again , but at least it's already tuesday :) 
So I have managed to do ALL these things in an hour and a half : get utterly lost in downtown < PROPMALE > , have a class cancelled and not be notified until I get all the way here , scream at a bunch of unhelpful idiots until I got enrolled into another class that started 2 hrs later , and find my way around downtown well enough to find a subway so I could eat a delicious veggie sub before my new class starts :) how great !!! 
WOW 4 chapters of homework in 1 night - goodbye sleep hello extra coffee ! 
so my cat is addicted to coffee ... go figure 
damn liars 
uno dos tres cuatro cinco cinco seis .... 
insane in the membrane 
Finally a night out tonight !!!!! pf changs , pie town , and then SATC2 w/ ash :) 
so the show hoarders ...... wow ! It makes me want to never stop cleaning and organizing . How can people live like that ?!? 
Dear starbucks ice cream , it's been nice , but I have to break this off . You have given me too many unwanted pounds and won't stay away from me . Maybe in the future we can be friends - < PROPFEMALE > 
too legit to quit 
WTF how the hell does a 3 year old try to steal my purse at a walmart and then the momma gonna say \excuse you\ " to me when I try to get it back ?!?!?!? EXCUSE YOU YOUR DEVIL CHILD TRIED TO STEAL MY PURSE !!!!!!!!!!!!! What is wrong with parents now days ? they need to be slapped ! " 
ok how the hell do I have nothing to do right now ? 
so I can FINALLY fit back into my skinny jeans ....... YES !!!!!!! :) 
it's so much fun to laugh 
can someone take me back to the days , before I had a job , before I got paid , before it mattered what I had in the bank 
What do you want from me ? 
UGH I made an 86 on my eco test ... wtf ?!? now I can finally get some sleep though ... I feel like a zombie 
when I move you move , just like that 
starting my economic analysis .... and I am really needing an A on it :) 
I'm the laaaaast person you'll ever wanna meet in a darkened alley ..... dark alley ..... 
Had a great night with some new and old friends , it's such a small world ! 
finally watching dear < PROPFIRST > and having a girls night ..... gotta get up early for work tomorrow ! 
rise and shine everyone 
what an aggravating morning- nothing works and I still have so much to do :/ 
done . thanks < PROPMALE > !!! 
got the hubby a droid phone today , I tried to like it and just can't!!! I hate touch screen phones :/ blackberrys are the best ! 
waking up at 5 am to workout .... I hope I have the energy to run for an hour that early 
I am thinking I should go through and delete some friends on FB I have so many that I don't even speak to ........ 
If your reading this then your special , you made the < PROPFEMALE > list :) and I am officially rid of 168 friends !!!! 
So I got 6 extra points on my test making it an A- go me !!! 
Just registered for fall classes at school ..... I can't wait till december when I have knocked out 21 credits , I will feel much more accomplished ! 
I can play some street fighter all day , my street fighter skills are off the chain ! 
smh 
OMG I hate people who don't pay attention to stuff and then screw it all up and you have to fix it yourself . Hello that's why I told you what to do , now thanks to you I have to go out of my way to do something the RIGHT way that you should have done it !!!!!!!!!! 
whoo hoo lakers ! 
17 
I love my friends :) they are so awesome ! 
I ain't gonna squeal man 
Thank you everyone for your prayers , I almost have 100% of my vision back :) 
Dear Jesus , \ 
\ 
Please give me an A on my exam tonight . Thank you & Amen 
OMG I made 100 on my test !!!!!!!!! 
a 6 < PROPFEMALE > research analysis and a 5 < PROPFEMALE > homework assignment all due monday ... aren't you jealous ? I am SO excited ! 
It's nightmare on Elm street , and guess who's playin < PROPMALE > ? 
Why is my cat licking a plastic bag ? he's such a weirdo ! 
Hard to believe that the Melting Pot is actually closed down . There have been so many good times there to reminisce on with so many people . I wish everyone the best on their journey's going forward :) 
Don't you love when you realize that your 9 < PROPFEMALE > research analysis is actually due 1 day earlier than you thought AND that day happens to be tomorrow ? Good thing mine is over the health care reform , but DANG I am gonna be tired tomorrow ! 
My goal in life ... to make the impossible possible 
Final in an hour ........ hope I get an A :) 
I made that class my bitch ..... totally made a perfect A for Awesome !!!!!!!!!! Go me :) 
3 day weekend with no school and no work :) yeahhhhhhh 
Thanks < PROPFIRST > - you have given us a nice giant bunch of nasty rain , thunder , and wind to start of my 3 day weekend with- UGH !!! 
Just watched moulin rouge ... what a depressing movie ! 
ANTS !!!!! I hate them and hate that they are in my house !!!!!!!!! 
Just woke up from a nice nap with nothing to do now except be really lazy- it feels so nice :) to have a relaxing break for a couple days ! 
Happy 4th everyone !!! 
about to eat some yummy pizza and get down on some laundry :) 
Fireworks ..... still scare the crap outta me when I pop them lol 
Saw the neurologist today , he actually knew what he was talking about- what a relief ! Will know more after all my tests are done . 
Had a mani/pedi today- thanks < PROPFEMALE > ! - It felt so nice it's been forever since I had one :) 
wow macro economics is SO boring !!!!!!!!!! 
I totally lied- finite mathematics is WAY worse than macroeconomics ! I can't wait until August 6th- Lord please beam me to that date with two A's :) thanks ! 
words can't describe how much i despise the rain right now 
I think taking 22 viles of blood this morning that were called for by my neurologist was horrible , especially after fasting :/ 
getting a haircut- yay :) 
Ugh- gelatin is ground up animal bones and cartilage ??? gross !!! I am never eating anything with gelatin in it again ! 
I really want some chocolate chip cookies :) 
finite test today :/ 
Haha my macroeconomics professor has MC Hammer pants ..... 
I feel like I made an A ........ I just hope I'm right :) 
I think I need some espresso shots instead of coffee this morning , I can barely keep my eyes open :/ 
Yup- I made an A !!!!!!!!!!! go me :) 
It's like the roll of a dice , making you think twice - it's like a vice , standing on the side lines analyzing the price you have to pay , what you are you about to say will make or break your day , so you think to yourself is it worth it for things to go my way ? 
SO full from pizza and cheesecake - it was really nice to see my mom and dad today too :) 
ahhhhhhh ... the joys of finite mathematics 
ok I just missed a call from 9999999999- wtf ? totally creepy- I hope it's not the call of death :( 
I am now officially a declared CIS < PROPMALE > with an awesome 102 on my finite test :) go me ! 
tut tut , it looks like rain 
Praying I got an A on the test I just took :) 
I got a B :( 
Is it really friday ??? yessssss finally !!! 
I get to spend saturday night with the hubby <3 I love you baby !!! 
wow- I can't believe myself , getting a 74 on my math test :( 
16 days until my 9 day vacation !!! 
man what's wrong with my stomach today ??? I feel so sick :( 
T minus 14 days !!! 
I can't wait for my hubby to get home ... I miss him ! 
making pecan pies .......... 
Yay ! My Pecan Pies were a hit !!! 
2 finals tomorrow ... UGH !!! 
DONE !!!!! no school for 2 weeks :) 
accomplished my two A's :) go me !!! 
neurologist appt today ... finally ! 
3 more days until my vacation :) 
I really need to start exercising again ......... I'm getting SO lazy without it ! 
oh what to do with myself with the next 9 days off of work and school ....... first I shall detail clean !!!! 
yay for vacations ... no work the whole week :) 
Spending some time with my sweet aunt < PROPFIRST > and cousin < PROPFEMALE > :) 
ok- now I can enjoy the rest of my vacation stress free :) 
Get to spend time with the Fam today :) Haven't seen them in a while ! 
I think I am seriously the most impatient person in the world :( 
I love that it's football season again <3 
just received the title to the explorer in the mail ...... FINALLY !!!!!!!!!!!! 
How are my two favorite teams playing each other today ? All I can say is < PROPMALE > is my heart .... so GO BRONCOS !!! This is probably the only time I will ever say that I hope the colts get obliterated !!! 
I hate that the Broncos lost today :( maybe next week < PROPMALE > !!! 
man I just love when I drive an hour to downtown < PROPMALE > for class only to find out it's cancelled today- super !!! now I can sit in 5 o clock traffic home to the woods . 
I need sleep ..... 
I love the pink accessories with the football gear this week !!! 
I am SOOO .... full right now- my stomach feels like a basketball 
I like it on the bar stool 
Happy Birthday to my mommy- the sweetest mommy in the whole world !!! I love you !!!!!!!!!! 
Dear idiot drivers -- please stop driving stupid and causing wrecks , you are slowing all of us good drivers down and causing us inconveniences because of your driving . -Leah(good driver ) 
I want to cut my hair short .... thoughts ??? 
New haircut yay ! I'm loving it :) 
ok- this ear infection officially SUCKS !!! I can't even hear out of my left ear :( 
off work .... perfect time to kick off happy hour !!!! 
My broncos are getting whooped by the raiders , but I still love them ! maybe next time < PROPMALE > !!! 
Seriously ...... NO ONE cares about Calculus !!!!!! 
get to celebrate my hubby's bday tomorrow AND my daddy's!!! Also gotta do my early voting ... whoop whoop ! 
Me and the hubby are gonna go to a haunted house tonight . I will be rockin it as Rainbow Brite with my light up wand !!! Happy Halloween Everyone !!!!!!!!!!! 
the big game is tonight ..... sorry < PROPMALE > fans , but the Colts are gonna win !!!!!!!! 
Happy Birthday to my sweet hubby and wonderful daddy :) 
Everyone please pray ( or do your version of praying ) for my daddy- he is in the hospital right now 
Praise the Lord !!! Thank you everyone for your prayers !!! My daddy is doing ok now and gets to go home tomorrow !!! It was a horrible issue w/ a problem he already had and now he just needs to take better care . 
At the end of a 15 hour workday- it feels great to know I have a 3 day weekend :) 
YAY !!! Go Broncos !!! 
accounting is SO dumb ... hellooo that's what quickbooks is for !!! no one does this < PROPMALE > crap anymore ! 
God please let me get through today with < PROPFEMALE > , knowledge , and good health 
I got to talk to my sweet cousin < PROPFEMALE > today , watch Aladdin & Beauty and the Beast , put up my Christmas tree and decorations , and now I am cleaning my house spic and span :) 
Happy Thanksgiving Everyone !!! I am so thankful for all the wonderful people and things God has blessed me with :) 
T minus 14 days and counting until my last final is complete for this semester !!! 
ok can someone tell me who all these crazies are wearing sweaters AND coats in 70 degree weather ??? I mean really ?!? 
totally using my new kindle right now !!! thanks babe for the early christmas present and thanks < PROPMALE > for the good deal ! 
Just finished Christmas shopping for myself . Thank you baby ! Now when it all arrives I will wrap it up to me from you . I like this way a lot -- because I get exactly what I want . He knows exactly what he will get too , so we are both happy campers :) 
So my throat started hurting yesterday , and now I have woken up with no voice and my throats on fire ! Oh what can I do to be able to talk well enough to train people tomorrow ? suggestions anyone ??? 
*** NEW FACEBOOK GAME *** ~ Inbox me your Bank Account or Credit Card information and I will post in my status which < PROPMALE > I paid with it ~ Just like the < PROPFIRST > game , but better !!! 
I am debating on working out or doing homework ..... the project is due Monday but I need to get in shape .... what to do what to do ?! 
dang .... finished all 4 finals - finally !!!!! now I feel like a walking zombie and need some serious R & R this weekend -- come on 4:30 !!! 
ok just because I'm fat doesn't mean I'm tall - get the picture all you pants makers- short people are fat too ! I'm sick of my pants dragging the ground ! 
waiting to see lights @ < PROPFEMALE>'s wonderland 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas Everyone ! 
Getting ready to start my minimester class tomorrow- can't wait to finish it in 3 weeks :) 
OMG .... it's actually cold in Texas(In the 20's)! Finally !!! 
one ... two ... three ... and many more to come , Happy Anniversary Baby !!! 
off tomorrow and ready to get NYE started off with a bang ! 
I need to seriously do my schoolwork instead of watching dumb shows 
dangit- just realized I didn't get my lotto tickets for tonight -- do I still have time ? I need that 355 million !!! 
OMG I won the 355 million !!!!....................................... Just kidding !!! I wish I was saying that for real right now though ! 
so it seems that tanning makes you look skinnier ..... I've gotta start getting my tan on !!! 
winter minimester = what was I thinking ?? 
Is it just me or does anyone else watch saved by the < PROPFEMALE > in the mornings ? 
t-shirt tttttiiiimmmmmeeeeee 
I've been spending most of my life livin in a gangsta's paradise 
oh the excitement I feel for just finishing my marketing final . Thank God this minimester is over !!!!! 
getting my GTL on today !!! yeahhhhh 
I have been saying I'm gonna do my laundry for like 2 weeks ... and have I ? nope ! I guess I will be searching through my clothes in the morning for an outfit . 
I think I forgot how boring school was until I came back for spring semester . At least I'm getting closer to finishing :) 
yayyyyy it's Friday !!!!!!! ready to get some serious sleep and homework done this weekend :) 
yayyyyy I have lost 6 pounds :) 19 to go !!! 
ok a < PROPFIRST > beiber move ?! really ? people get real , that's ridiculous !! 
bitch you look like a pumpkin !!!!! 
I had to get a new phone and lost all my contacts . Can everyone please txt me their name and number ? -- that is if i talk to you lol 
GTL timeeeeeee 
Monday Morning ..... UGH !!! 
ok why do doctor's schedule appointments at specific times , but they don't see you til like an hour later ?? This makes no sense and it's aggravating !!! 
Just made homemade ravioli from scratch for the first time . It turned out pretty good , but definitely a trial run ! Gotta improve next time :) 
yep- so I totally just used the men's bathroom at school and had no clue until I walked out and saw a guy using the urinal . This definitely qualifies as my daily laugh WOW ! 
well tonight I am getting to cuddle up at home with my kitties , while doing homework and watching disney movies :) I love weekends !!! 
well me and the sick hubby just came home from the urgent care- he is feeling a lot better and should be 100% by monday . Thank you Jesus for insurance and for all you do :) 
a brand new week starts tomorrow .... is it horrible that I am already aching for friday ?? 
Sometimes you have to weigh your priorities and figure out what's more important . My dilemma is - do I go to accounting class that we sit there and read notes that we have online ? Or do I go home and study for a class that I know nothing about ? I choose the second . 
holy rain !!! this is definitely a bipolar state we live in ! 
it's supposed to snow tomorrow and friday :) I can't wait !!! I miss this kind of weather so much ! 
uhhhh ...... snow where are you ??? 
Yay for pain meds !!! Now I just pray my elbow heals quickly :) 
For < PROPFIRST>'s Day change your profile to a picture of you and your spouse . Make sure to state how long you've been married . We have been married 3 years , I love you baby ! <3 
Ok teachers , why do you sit in class and . read notes that you put online for your students ?? We might as well teach ourselves at home and not waste gas and time driving to school :/ 
OMG I made the < PROPFIRST>'s List !!!!! 
ok 5 days ago I filled up for 2.91 - today I filled up for 3.09 and as I am driving home from school it changed to 3.19 ( within hours ) . What the heck is up with gas prices ?!?!!!! 
physical therapy ....... owww :( 
I don't think my house as ever been as clean as it is now- and I am still cleaning !!! I love having nothing to do but devote my time to detail cleaning <3 
I just woke up with the sorest throat and barely any voice .... :( this officially sucks !!!! 
I'm so depressingly sick ... UGH go away !!!!!! 
yay finally feeling better AND it's Friday !!!! 
whoo hoo made a 96 on my MIS test - yyyeeeaahhhhh !!! 
I love lazy days <3 
I now have my sling off and my nails done .... yeahhh feeling good !!! 
it's just one of those days .......... 
What I would really like to give up for lent is school and homework , but for some reason that doesn't fly ...... so I chose sweets . Now I am eating celery pretending it's a cookie :) ...... this is gonna be TOUGH !!! 
dude ..... < PROPFIRST > Sheen is seriously nuts !!!! 
countdown to spring break is on !!!!!! 
Happy Birthday < PROPFIRST > !!!!! 
I have such a great hubby :) I love you baby <3 
I hate losing an hour ! :( 
broccoli and carrots ... nom nom nom 
I hate crazy women 
I really like eating vegan <3 I might just keep it this way :) 
My baby's cooking me some mashed potatoes and corn ... YUM !!! Thank you babe <3 
A test and a project in the next 2 days .... so much for spring break !!! 
yummy vegan food downtown with < PROPFIRST > Barta today .... YUM 
Little boxes on the hillside , little boxes made of ticky tacky ...... 
MmMmMm ... Spaghetti squash 
Spending time with the hubby <3 
You've gotta let me knowwwww ...... should I stay or should I go ? 
getting a much needed mani/pedi !!! What a great week so far !!! 
Ok , what is up with baby names these days ?? Armani ?? Were you wearing Armani when you named your kid ? I just don't get it 
I may be bad , but I'm perfectly good at it ... 
Banana 
I ate way to much food and feel SICK :( 
I wish I had a million dollars 
vegan chocolate chip cookies <3 
Drinking water 
I want orange tic tacs 
Tykesha likes kumquats 
< PROPFEMALE > likes kumquats 
looking outside 
laughing at < PROPMALE > 
< PROPFEMALE>'s phone died . and < PROPMALE>'s is about to 
@Tykesha 
< PROPMALE > needs to listen in here .... 
WAKE UP TYKESHA 
Updating facebook 
looking at a fork 
Dear engine light .... I LOVE the timing you chose to \pop-up\ " into my life ..... but I a sorry to say you are off to a bad start and I think you need to leave " 
I hate fasting for procedures , especially the coffee part - really makes me cranky !! On the upside though the anesthesia should make me feel on top of the world in a couple hours :) 
I can't wait to get home and take a nap , I am SO ready for the weekend ! 
I can't wait to see my hubby soon , I love you baby !!! 
Afternoon Delight 
wow .... I have 4 people in my finance class . Clearly we have a wonderful teacher 
