confused :| 

is bored 
f the c 
tomorrows gonna suck 
yay yay NY ... its over rated 
wondering how the hell i fit a 6 foot wide truck threw a 5 foot hole 
bored watching family guy on adult swim it feels like high school again lol 
way the hell to early for goin to bed at 2 
woo hoo go chiefs and take the royals with ya 
mizzou got owned WTF early lead turned into what looked like the Chiefs 
I hate DEER !!!! They run into the side of trucks while they are driving down the road minding there own buisness ..... Superdodge 1 Stupid deer 0 
I feel like an ass thanks to my ignorant suspicions and bad judgement . I didnt mean to hurt you :( 
There are many things in life that are taken for granted ( freedom health love ) . Sometimes you have to step away from the box to appreciate what you really have . 
I'm not perfect . I have my bad days sometimes I swear and sometimes I'm clumbsy but with you my life is perfect . Falling for you was the best thing I ever did . 
At warrensburg racing not doing so hot but I'm with the person that makes the day better :) 
Perfection is in the eye of the one that judges the perfectionist 
Just saw Iron Man 2 movie was good dinner was good being with you makes it all even better :) 
Thinking life can't get much better but I'm all for a constant uphill grade :) 
Thinking ... 
Exctly a week and will be in Colorado . Can't frigin wait I need a vacation 
I learned something new today . Photo booths at the mall don't take litely to sticking a popsicle stick in the dollar < PROPMALE > mechanism . I think I broke it ... 
Colorado is frikin amazing wonderful weather and my amazing girlfriend by my side :) 
Wants things to be good again . like they use to be , when we stayed up all night talking about everything . When we used to actually snuggle during a movie . IL 
when life gives you lemons I vote throw them at people 
Officially thinks Apple inc . is Junk , They cost to much and nothing is compatable with Windows !! Rant over . 
Misses my snuggle < PROPMALE > 
4 Chiefs v Packers tickets w/ parking pass club level 40 yd line $625 Sept 2 2010 
Woo Hoo Back to school YAY Me 
Woo Hoo 470 to 435 is back open . 
I guess i have realized that its not all that i do that gets recognized its the little things i dont do 
Ignorance is an unfortunate disease 
Dodge is for sale $ 12,000 
Evidently my truckdont want to leave my possession first both front hub bearings in two weeks and now hail damage ftw 
Fuck Murphy and his God damn law 
I like this weather just needs to be about 20° colder some snow to go with it 
Ftw 
Roomateless 
Some people on this planet would accomplish more by eating a live hand grenade than they will if they live for 80 years 
Happy Turkey day 
In and out of best buy in one hour and 15 minutes I vote I win 
Woo hoo accounting final hopefully it wont kick my ass to badly 
Nothing better than snow and big mud tires in the grass of residential neighborhoods with you setting next to me :) 
Snow f-kin pocalypse 
Hip ... hip-hop ... hiphopomominuos . Damn you , whys he get the easy ones 
Anyone wanna buy session 1 big 12 ( tomorrow 9:00 am ) tickets got 4 lower level tickets for $90 
\Its a beautiful day outside ... you don't deserve to be out in it . You should be in a cave\ " lol best thing I have heard since watching teen mom " 
Life gives you lemons . Fuck lemonade throw them at people 
