My mind is adrift ... 

Dont move Stay right there , I can't finish this soup . But that would make anyone do what you want . When ever you decide to leave you better bring some < PROPFEMALE > . 
\ < PROPMALE > and Jerry\ " Thats a good show ! " 
Good God damn party man ! 
what is you mind on ? 
Hey everyone ! We are all going to camp together soon , well only for six weeks or so before we are all executed . If you rebel you will surely not survive wether it be execution or starvation . You may even be left alone by FEMA but you will be left alone with no electricity , no gasoline , no heat , no food ! Look around at the rest of the world , why doesn't anyone know about this ? 
wants 
ya know 
is totally not out on a date right now haha . 
i saved your life ! i saved your life bitch ! yeahhh ! 
Yes ! Let's all go to the woods ! Who's bringing the virgin ?? 
\tar bender ! I need a drother nink \"" 
Who the hell is this girl ? The clubs are packed but I Gotta get to this girl . She's right there but it's like she's cross the world , I'm tryin to aproch her why she dancing on that v.i.p. sofa then she disapears ... 
\I'm lookin for that little lady wit a lotta butt So I can getcha to my crib and throw that bottem up I hope you got enough weed rock g-spots Neighbors be complainin when I make yo pussy beat box ! \ " \ " buo huh uh bu huh uh bu huh uh \"" 
is stuck at home on a friday night ... 
Is looking for a plumber who specializes in the filling of empty pipes , someone message me ! 
wants to know where he can find a large , steep hill . 
is fuckin stoked !! 
too many to choose from ! 
thinks your all talk , prove me wrong . 
Only four more beautiful days ! 
You hear the beat As it makes ya Not want to go to sleep I knock on < PROPFEMALE>'s door It's locked so I go to creep ' round the back with binoculars Not ' cause I want to peep But because I'm hungry She smells like tacos I want to eat . 
my illy is the illest 
Tomorrow is the big day !!! Yeeeeeeee ! Im so excited ! 
is maybe going to fight Friday night , if anyone wants to see some badass fights and possibly see me fight just let me know . 
AWWW SHIT ! It's on I'm fighting tomorrow night at the ararat Shriner < PROPFEMALE > in Independence mo . Come watch ! 
Guillotine first round !!! I kicked that mothafuckas ass too !! 
has only this to say .... < PROPMALE > Goldblum . 
Yeah sometimes the bear eats you and sometimes you just suck the bears < PROPMALE > ! 
saw the sign , and it opened up his eyes . 
breast cancer is no joke . Ladies don't forget to touch yourselves at least once a day . 
You will know who I am by the end of the day ! I am goin to slap your daughter and she will tell you who I am . 
The < PROPFEMALE > is telling me all of your secrets . 
I choose to live and to Grow , take and give and to Move , learn and love and to Cry , kill and die and to Be paranoid and to Lie , hate and fear and to Do what it takes to move through . 
and the shoes that be crocagater style nigga 
hypercondriac hangin out at the laundry mat where all the raunchy fat white trashy blondes be at , dressed like a sailor standin by a pale of garbage , it's almost dark and I'm still tryin to nail a trailor park bitch . 
Fuuuuck you < PROPMALE > ! 
has a new phone number . 
Legalize it , don't criticize it . \ 
Yeah , yeah , \ 
Legalize it and yeah I'll advertise it ! 
We reign supreme dungeon kings 
I wish I could just go no where . 
Don't be a menace in south central while drinkin your juice in the hood . 
There's only so much time left in this crazy world , I'm just crumblin'erb I'm jus crumblin'erb . \ 
Niggas killin niggas they don't understand whats the master plan , I'm jus crumblin'erb jus crumblin'erb 
' s got work on the kitchen table . Who's got some bags ? 
Know that I will always love you as I claw your fucking throat away ... It will end no other way . 
No mas < PROPFEMALE > Por favor .. 
You can't have light without shadow 
Havin my kush on me is like a bad case of b . o . \ 
I walk into work and people ask me if I forgot my deo . \ 
I look at them as they wait on my reply , nothin to say man I'm just way to high for some stupid questions like I'm above you sittin next to the 737 jet engine where I can't even hear you mention my body odor or the pizza you want me to make\ 
Jamacan and add just a little steak ? 
