is slowwwly overpowering life . HA i'll defeat you -.- 

< PROPFIRST > lohan used to be sooo pretty . 
Want to go see PARANORMAL ACTIVITY tonight :D 
just getting over an incredible sickness .. ugh .. O.O 
what's your favorite type of ramen ? i like beef , and chicken 
At night they come without being fetched , and by day they are lost without being stolen . 
What did I do 
can't sleep ... 
People on \black friday\ " ... freakin INSANE . finding the cheapest stuff and trampling people for it is not the meaning of christmas people ... " 
Is livin in a shower with no soap . I hate snow 
just got roses from her wonderful fiance :) 
can't sleep .. 
< PROPFEMALE > freakin christmas ! i have the best guy ever :) 
my bday is in 4 days !! 
thank u everyone :D :D hehehe 
Is peeved she can't put in an infinite health cheat for Fallout 3 on 360 -.- FU PC people 
I hate snow 
black .. and pink . o.o 
gargle gargle blargle ! 
affairs . wenches . alone .. again .. go figure . 
olfkjg'lakdnfgklnaofbmc , vmbn , mfvnbiuoatrijuq-9tqerig35846847agf4b65adfhajdofipbgjklzxcmbi6 565/d . mKLEFFU 
Its WAYBACK WEEK !!!! RETRO RETRO RETRO RETRO Everyone change your profile pic to a throwback picture of yourself when you were young !! Copy and paste this , and lets see how adorable ( LOL ) we all were !!! WAYBACK WEEK !!! 
fuzzy navels and monopoly . family game night !! 
< PROPFEMALE > . An extremely attractive girl whos flirty personality and curvacious figure will keep you coming back for more . She's typically a brunette but occasionally acts blonde . She enjoys long relationships and has many close guy friends . Often mistaken for a \slut\ " but really isn't . She can also be a super bitch if you get onto her bad side . " 
Computer won't let me play happy aquarium .......... NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO !!!! 
It's movie line week here on Facebook . Cut and paste this to your status and in the comment box write your favorite line from a movie and see how many people know the movie and the lines--Don't forget to comment on your friends movie lines ! 
< PROPMALE > passed his first test :D 
Thought of you with love today , but that is nothing new . I thought about you yesterday , and days before that too . I think of you in silence , I often speak your name . All I have are memories and a picture in a frame . Your memory is a keepsake , with which I'll never part . God has you in His keeping , I have you in my heart . Repost if you have a loved one in Heaven . 
mmm .... sushi .... 
We started moving at 6 am , moved our entire room from our house to < PROPMALE>'s house by noon . Trying to get used to a new place . 
is very proud of her < PROPMALE > .. He passed his written test , and then his physical agility test . And now he's trying to quit smoking :] 
Let's see how forthcoming my Facebook friends are . Leave a one-word comment that you think best describes me using the THIRD letter of YOUR name . It can only be one word . No more than one word . Then copy and paste this post on your wall so I can leave a word about you . 
I think , and if I do say so myself , in my opinion , speaking of which , about that , with that in mind , to clarify , no offense but , on the contrary ( to popular belief ) , don't get me wrong , by the way , and another thing , not to point fingers but , on top of that , to shed some light on the subject , that's a horse of a different color . 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > has never won an academy award for acting ... Because he's not acting . 
Well I heard a noise .. And so I came downstairs to see what it was .. And there was this HUGE bird , and it was stuck inside the screen door there .. So I let it ou ... and then ... it left ... 
hey sorry if that posted five times it was being stupid , and i didn't even know it was going to everyones wall 
< PROPMALE>'s car won't start , and mine is pissing oil . We can't drive either of them .. What a wonderful life we have . 
DON'T YOU LOVE PARENTS ???!! no 
How many of you really know all of the people on your friend list ? I mean personally know ? Here's a task for you . I want all of the people on my list to comment how they met me . After you have completed this , repost this in your status box . You will be amazed , at how interesting this can really be ..... have fun ! 
Everyone should go to my happy aquarium and give me luck so i can get a good gift !! and vote for my tanks and leave me messages in bottles :D 
miss me . w 
all right .. i've heard stories about < PROPFIRST > pattinson NOT being cast as < PROPMALE > cobain , and stories of him BEING cast . Is he or isn't he ? i really hope not .. 
job interview tomorrow at 8am ! 
Whatever you give a woman , she will make it greater . Give her sperm , she will give you a baby . Give her a house , she will give you a home . Give her groceries , she will give you a meal . Give her a smile and she will give you her heart . She multiplies and enlarges what she is given . So if you give her crap , be ... ready ......... to receive a TON of s *** ... Post it on your wall if you agree !! 
Wish Heaven had a phone so I could hear your voice again .. I thought of you today , but that is nothing new . I thought about you yesterday , and days before that too . I think of you in silence , I often speak your name . All I have are memories and a picture in a frame . Your memory is a keepsake , from which i'll never part . God has you in his arms .. I have you in my heart . Repost if you have someone in Heaven ? 
Happy birthday mommy .. 
In a bad mood . -.- stay out of my way or you will go down . 
easy don't come easy 
HEYY .. if you're sitting at home bored tonight .. or sitting anywhere bored ... you should come to Sokol at 7 to see aneurysm .. $7 .. you won't regret it . :) 
And so it goes .. and goes .. and goes ....... and goes 
does it mean i need to get out more if the sign that says \north to minneapolis\ " excites me ? hehe i think so " 
.... True Blood . season 2 on dvd . 5 days .. hehe 
the search is on for cute boots . lol 
I am totally writing this from a dsiXL !! I WANT ONE ! 
I'm so excited I can barely type !! 
If you don't have a weak stomach you should check out my little nephews owie :D 
Happy Fathers Day . I am blessed to have two daddys who love me , and I love them both dearly . 
I have a ton of new items and inventory ... and a crap load of game prizes .. sooooo someone should book a pure romance party with me 
thank you < PROPMALE > for the bottle rocket burn on my leg . You win . :) 
Rest In Peace Cinnamon , our one eyed guinea pig .. piggy guin ... 
Hey I had my first PR party , but I didn't get quite enough to become active . I have $110 but need $250 by the 25th . So if you need to order anything please contact me !! thanks !! 
Have I changed anyone's life ? 
anyone want to lend me $ 5,550 for a car ?? :D 
Woke up to a cat fight next to me , have scratches to prove it . Went back to sleep and dreamt that I was trapped on a space ship with zombies . 
date night is hilarious 
:( day one is very lonely . and day 2 , 3 , 4 , and possibly 5 are going to be much worse . 
ran into someone i went to elementary school with today , he looks exactly the same , and he recognized me also so I guess I look the same too . weird . 
what if when we dreamt little thinking bubbles appeared above our heads showing what we were dreaming of 
Watched a commercial for a road legal golf cart being filmed today ... it was AWESOME ! and they let us drive it about 15 feet :D 
we move into our apartment on the 6th !! 
lol ... 
UGH 
to everyone who has ever made me laugh , or even just smile , I love you . 
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes :) it sure means a lot 
