O-BLUE-TERATE THEM ! 

missing < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > 
... becoming more and more obsessed with < PROPFIRST > Hutchinson . 
excited to have a new \family member\ " @ good ol ' < PROPFEMALE > & Horizon ! " 
Prayers for the Jacksons ... 
okay is alright with me ... some things they come naturally 
looking forward to the coming week ! 
OMBS ... my new favorite marking ... 
Best part of July 4 : Dinner @ Balboa while the drunkards sing Sublime's Santeria . 
mmmm ... lobster pancakes ... 
PRO : Yeah free food on Tuesday ... CON : Me no likey mold . 
don't judge me because I'm in love with Doctor Who ... 
Tips make Monday the best day of the week ! 
... so addicted to Farm Town ... thanks a lot < PROPFEMALE > ! :-) 
Master classes start next week ! AH ! 
loves pajama days 
loving Coldplay right about now ... 
Wii time ... I love my wife . 
Best compliment of the day : \You are a American Super Starbucks Hero . \"" 
Doctor Who ... and the dishes were done when I got home ... what a treat ! I love my wife . :-) 
So ... what is it called when you're getting ready to go out with your wife to get dinner and while you're taking the trash out a cop appears out of no where with a giant gun and politely domands you get back into your house ... now . Yeah , because that just happened . In the words of my mother-in-law ... is we trailer trash ? 
I love my wife ! As Happy Franks said ... 
hooray for ( finally ) a day off ! 
making alphabet soup for lunch and procrastinating schoolwork all afternoon is what I call a busy , fulfilling day ! 
... why do all the lonely pink cows come to my farm in FarmVille ? Nothing against pink cows or anything ... but are they trying to tell me something ? 
Happy National Day on Writing ! Woo-hoo ! 
So ... dead . 
One down , three to go . 
Two down , two to go . 
Three down , one to go . 
We laughed , A-Rod cried ... all in all it was a great series . Way to break in that new stadium ! 
Let the holiday party planning begin ... I wonder if I should form a Party Planning Committee . 
Hooray ! I can see text messages again !! 
If you've never hear < PROPFEMALE>'s \All I Want for Christmas is You\ " don't tell Hyan Bromwich : she'll drop a baby in front of you . " 
Gobble gobble gobble ! Happy Turkey Day ! Gobble gobble ! 
I hope it snows !! 
It's nights like these when I'm text a million people at once when I think , \It would sure be nice to have an iPhone ! \"" 
Wow . I hope today never repeats itself . 
FASTER , HIGHER , STRONGER ! Go 2010 Olympic Games ! 
Wow . I have 83 farmville requests . Guess who hasn't been on farmville in months ... 
I need meat . 
School's out for summer . 
It's been 3 minutes and I miss you already !! Is it Sunday , yet ? 
Happy birthday , Mom ! I'm so happy to be celebrating today with you ! 
Impromtu concert by the Met . I love New York . 
No bueno Yankees . This is vacation so it's supposed to be an automatic win . Wha ' happened ? 
Watch Late Night with < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > tonight ! Special guest appearance by ME , < PROPFEMALE > , KYNA , and RIK !! 
Remember : Unpredictability leads to dangery . 
I miss NY . 
Do we all sufficiently hate oil companies enough now to DEMAND the option to buy electric cars ? I know I am ! 
I love my wife ... and vampires ! Team < PROPFEMALE > ! 
The only thing scarier than vampires is the mob of screaming teenage girls when the vampire movie literally bursts into flames 10 minutes before it ends . 
I hate being sick ! 
\You're being shagged by a rare parrot . \"" 
I sent a bottle of sparkling apple juice to your house . Did you get it ? 
Surprise ! We get to go on vacation in April ! Well , you get to go on vacation . I get to NETWORK ! 
Is it bad when your students think the Tea Party is a social gathering where very snooty people drink < PROPMALE > grey and eat muffins ? I can just picture it now : \It must be a very important party because it's capitalized . \"" 
Happy Bonfire Night !!! 
I hate ETS . Only a truly evil company would give you college entrance exam results on Christmas < PROPFEMALE > ! 
I love my wife . Happy 7 years !! 
Happy birthday to me ! 
I hate my apartments . 
Anyone going to see The Script in May ? Thinking of getting tickets ... 
After four days of non-stop packing , moving , painting , cleaning , and organizational chaos ... it's nice to play around on facebook ! :-) 
