Watching mid-90's Canadian television . By jove is this what my boredom has come to . 

I hate getting over a cold only to have another one a couple weeks later ! UGHH 
really wants to < PROPFEMALE > with friends . Got a taste a couple days ago and like those freakin twilight vampires need my fix . I really need to start a youtube cast where I complain about things . I'll make it funny tho so I won't be too annoying . 
I could play every song on my ipod NONSTOP from this moment and not finish until the start of winter break . I still want more though 
Might have strep throat . WORST possible time to be contagious 
Let's sing together ! We got < PROPFEMALE > dripping through our veins now baby ! 
Two finals down and one impossibly-easy-to-study-for open book final to go . Hot diggity damn !!! 
I wonder what kind of person I would be if I wasn't considered funny by some people ? Probably annoying , and I wouldn't have awesome friends ......... I know that sounded really cheezy there at the end , but I'm serious . I would suck if it weren't for my personality 
wants to party hardy 
Went to see Avatar , and my mind was officially blown . Not what I was expecting , but that is one of the best movies both visually and vocally I have ever seen ! 
Never gonna believe this but I actually have photos of myself taken by myself . Depending on demand I may put 1 or 2 more up . By the way this is the first time i've ever put pictures of myself up onf facebook or anywhere 
Just finished the touches on a 9 < PROPFEMALE > short story for a class . It started with only 3 < PROPFEMALE > s and my brain might just be mush right now . 
MXPX 
I really love the Dear < PROPMALE > 
I just read a graphic description of a rape in the Girl With The Dragon Tattoo by Stieg Larsson . I actually wanted to kick the ass of a fictional character and almost wanted to torture him , well played Stieg . 
Thanks everyone for the b-day greetings 
Went to la careta for my 21st . Bought a huge 40 oz . < PROPFEMALE > and spent a total of $23 for myself . The food was $8 . I now know why they don't put prices on the drinks menu 
Reason number 18,237 that the NBA is rigged : Ladies and gentlemen < PROPFIRST > V Portland 12/15/10 
Never saw the last season of scrubs until now , the ending was purely magic . Very beautiful , and I was about to cry until I saw the awesome christmas sweaters 
