Aii ! I hate being sick ! 

I need an idea for my hair , it's getting to long and I have no idea what to do with it D:< 
I'm on a phone ! 
I found out earlier I was a stepping stone for a friend who had trust issues , not just a little stepping stone , a GIGANTIC stepping stone . Were you ever a stepping stone for someone ? It's a good feeling , I don't feel as hollow anymore . 
I need my eyes checked -.- 
I'm going to work on this , this will work out ... maybe not , but I'll try :D 
I haz eye problems , getting perscription lenses in maybe ten days ... then braces in a few months . 
I want the jacket ... so bad 
I want a job ! I'M READY , I'M READY , I'M READY , I'M READY !!! 
. epar < PROPFEMALE > s'ti ... od uoy teb I , ho ? < PROPFEMALE > yeht tahw wonk annaw . epyks revo reve sdnuos tseb eht ot gninetsil m'I <-- read it 
I went horseback riding ... and it was FLIPPING AWESOME !!! I LOVE HORSESSSSSSSS ~ ! 
I'm rather fluttery today . I feel so special . 
Okay , I have a question for everyone : Is Suicide an option ? I'm not doing it , but is it a logical option when your at the bottom of the hill and can't get back up ? 
You and I wake up in a psychiatric < PROPMALE > together . Using only 4 words , what would you say to me ? Note : If you comment , you must copy and paste this to your status , so I may comment on yours as well . Be a good sport and play along ! 4 words is harder than you think . 
Have you ever had one of those days , where you ( literally ) run into someone at a store/park and meet eyes and you fall in love instantly , just to never see them again and you can't sleep because your thinking about them ? yeah ... it sucks so far . 
I don't know why ... but I have a slight bad feeling about something , and I can't tell because I'll come off like I'm crazy . This feeling hurts ... 
Okay ... Whoever is gunna come to Peoria and help me make my costume for this video Mikey wants to make , be my guest , I need 300 bucks :D 
Wombats are actually very vicious creatures . Don't have one as a pet :D 
Wishing someone well on their plane trip here , hoping they survive their fear . In the mean time another must leave , but I shall keep smiling because I believe . Random rhyming is rather fun , MY RHYMING JOURNEY HAS JUST BEGUN !!!! LOL 
I haven't been on in awhile due to a horseback riding accident . I'm fine , I just can't walk up or down stairs , or sit down comfortably . 
I'm so hardcore . I'm drinkin ' IZZE Sparkling < PROPFEMALE > from the bottle and eating sea salt and vinegar chips from the bag , and not sharing >:V 
Sometimes , I just want to let myself go and let my \inner bitch\ " free and scream \ " I FUCKING TOLD YOU SO !!!!!!!! \"" 
I think the most interesting conversation I had today was between me and my british friend . We were talking about Fluffy Penguins and \Taking it like a man \"." 
\Beware of the Werepigs ... stay off the mud ... stay off the mud I say ! \ " - Kaine Cianide whilst he's asleep ( no idea how/why he fell asleep on skype with me ) " 
I went to a shooting range today and tried out some guns . The guy said I seem more old style , the only new kind of guns that would suit me would be shotguns or sniper/hunting rifles . It was SO fun , but the shotguns hurt my arm . Also , I'm apparently good with cars also :D 
I come downstairs to find my black cat covered in cheese dust . What did he do ? He got into my cheeto's bag and decided he didn't want to share , later on I ate some and he attacked me for consuming them . 
I wish I could fly to wherever right now , I'd fly to somewhere that I'd enjoy , like Australia . 
