I need something to do .... 

< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > . =) 
tired ... night 
sick ... 
I wish I could go to school . Stupid virus .... 
I wish I was at rehearsal right now . 
my throat stings and my fever won ; t go down .... 
I finally feel better ! It took awhile but I feel better finally . 
sick over the weekend , felt better today so i went to school , 3rd period i felt weak so i went to the nurse , she said i had a fever so i had to wear a mask ... i went to the gym locker romm to get me stuff with the mask , got picked on , and the nurse said i'm not able to come tomorrow either ... 
can't believe it ended so soon ... 
I'm glad i got the friends that I do 
night . 
< PROPFEMALE > shirt ! 
night peoples ! 
lunch with flapjack and < PROPFEMALE > , then some place that i've never heard of that starts wth a w , then marching band at 3 . Wooo ! 
for those of you who saw my status ealier today , i didn't do my research first . 
tired and sleepy and exhauseted and worn out and tired so i'm going to sleep . 
listing to Iron and Wine . 
gonna go clean so I can have a friend over after the game . BARF ... 
G.P. 
THE FACEBOOK TRICK : press up , up , down , down , left , right , left , right , B , A , Enter key , then right click then press up and down and magic crcles will appear . the only way to get rid of them are to log off or refresh the < PROPFEMALE > ... IT WILL WORK ! put this as your status if it works ! 
Why is it that everyone driving faster than you is considered an idiot and everyone driving slower than you is a moron ? 
Is it rude for a deaf person to talk ( sign ) with their mouth full of food ? 
In some books , why do they have blank pages at the very end ? 
If you blew a bubble in space , would it pop ? 
Do sheep get static cling when they rub against one another ? 
If nobody buys a ticket to a movie do they still show it ? 
Why do they call steam rollers , steam rollers ? They don't produce , get rid of , or have anythong to do with steam 
How far east can you go before you're heading west ? 
Why does the Easter < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > eggs ? Rabbits don't lay eggs . 
Do prison buses have emergency exits ? 
If an ambulance is on its way to save someone , and it runs someone over , does it stop to help them ? 
Why do they call him Donkey Kong if he is not a donkey ? 
sorry < PROPFEMALE > !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Stupid pirate talk ... i can't understand anything ... haha 
How do I make this annoying pirate talk go away !! haha 
PARKOUR !!!!!!!!! 
PARKOUR !!!!! ( again ) 
A friend is one who knows us , but loves us anyway . Fr . < PROPMALE > Cummings hahaha 
I went to a bookstore and asked the saleswoman where the Self Help section was . She said if she told me it would defeat the purpose . Dennis Miller 
Marching band . Christmas parade . Saturday . Get to freeze my hands off . Woo ! 
Need a hair trim ... like now . But never have the time ... 
I gotta hair trim and feel a lot better .... :) 
I gotta really cool jazz trumpet solo . Practiced for like 3 hours and I think I got it :D 
I need help . 2002 Volvo v70 or 1998 Jeep Wrangler ? 
Why can't you get a tan on your palms ? 
Whats a question with no answer called ? 
Why is it that people say they ' slept like a baby ' when babies wake up like every two hours ? 
Why do people pay to go up tall buildings and then put money in binoculars to look at things on the ground ? 
Two guys walked into a bar . The third one ducked . 
I wanted to try for winter drumline but I hesitated ... 
When are people going to understand that Don't Worry Be Happy is by < PROPFIRST > McFerrin and not < PROPMALE > Marley . 
I'm pumped for winter drumline . :D 
I'm sooooooooooo glad I made drumline but i'm soooooooooo angry < PROPMALE > and chuckleberry didn't make it >:((( gah but im glad for those who made it :) 
I actually didn't skrew up at the concert and nailed the ques and the note by myself . :) 
Whenever I scoot across the couch , the laptop and earphones shock my fingers and ears ... D: ehhh 
Learning I'll Be Home For Christmas jazz chord < PROPFEMALE > on guitar ... ehhh 
I never heard of < PROPFIRST > Bieber until all these people joined these groups .... now ... im scared :/ 
I always write at least as 1 word ... I don't know why . It just looks right . 
My dad made pizza for us then ate over half of it . haha 
Come spring , I'm heading to Grandfather Mountain !!!!!!!!! 
Haha yeah !!!!!!! I woke up at 5 this morning ~ ! 
headache ... 
headache ... still 
What's with all the friends requests im getting from all these foreign places ??? 
i had to drive my great grandpa to the flea market , the people their are tooooo friendly D: 
Watching August Rush . 
Does anyone know who this Gurtrude Higgens lady is cuz she's seriously creeping me out ... >:/ 
>:/ who's this nun who keeps telling everyone she loves them and creeping them out ??? 
stress stress stress stress stress ... too much of it ... 
Mein Gemüt arbeitet , wie keiner Sie je gesehen haben . :P 
oh la mia bontà , every time I sign on there's a request for me to be someones neighbor in some game , I don't my those games , haha , yet I still get 1000's of request from people I don't talk to ? stupido facebook 
I've had too much break time , I'm sorta ready for school to start back ... 
Im building stuff . 
i run up walls 
can anyone speak Polski ? 
I HATE waking up at 11 
I GOT A CALL BACK FOR STATE !!! 
this day sucked 
worst day ever ... 
i went in tot he judges room for my solo and played Arabeque for my warm up :P < PROPFEMALE > was there to judge and teased me but it was fun 
I got 5th in county !!!! but have to drive allll the way to Lexington buy 10:30 ... and then drumline practice to top it all off 
can't play guitar cuz my finger go jammed and have to use it to play for my audition tomorrow ... and it hurts to play :/ 
All state today ! Wish me luck 
Auditions were great ! I had to repeat 2 scales but i nailed everything ! :)) 
There's always next year but at least im still in region :) 
hair * trim * finally 
woke up sick ... 
QK he shall be named < PROPFIRST > !!!!!!!! ^^ 
I keep forgetting what I'm getting up to do . I've gotten up and sat back down like 5 times .... xD 
Went to go record a song and snapped a string 30 seconds form the end ... just my luck haha xD 
Sick . 
Can someone tell what high school the drumline competition is going to be @ Saturday ? & it's @ noon right ??? 
WOO ! 2ND OUT OF 6TH Winter Drumline COMPETITION !!!!!!!! and fans favorite ! 
restricted in 2 weeks !!! 
Restricted test thursday . Any tips ? 
Just realized Owl City isn't all that bad . Just that one song gets on my nerves . 
New guitar amp ! Two 12 inch speaker , 90 sound effects , pedal , and more , only for $100 . i feel lucky ... 
new car speakers , 10 inch sub next week :P 
Imogen Heap- Hide and Seek & the song Sleep . Greatest thing ever ... 
New guitar :) 
Horn solo tomorrow and im sorta maybe nervous ??? 
Scottish Festival .... HOT .. 
Learned Canon Rock . That took forever ..... :D 
Graduation SUCKED . Congrats to the seniors though . 
I'm officially addicted to the Nature Valley bars ... 
I hate people ... 
I'm glad summer came ... but I'm bored outta my mind ... I need something to do 
< PROPFIRST > Crimmins and The Hookers :D I finally got the album :) Thats REAL music . 
Wrote a song ... :D 
Does anyone know if you have a Jeep Wranglerf hard top , if you can also have a back up soft top ? ( 1995 ) 
Getting a Jeep Wrangler . 3 Months !!!! :D 
“I am so clever that sometimes I don't understand a single word of what I am saying . ”\ 
- < PROPFIRST > Wilde- 
Mountains July 4th FINALLY ! 
Band Camp . Woo ?! 
I have a really bad chocolate pudding addiction ... 
Ah HA HA ! Finally figured out my amp !!! It didn't come with a < PROPMALE > but I found one . 
Never buy carbonated water . Worst taste ever .... 
I got a Subaru :D 
What ever happened to the Taco < PROPFEMALE > dog .. 
Got a set of bagpipes finally ! :) 
I love my little sister < PROPFIRST > Edwards soooo much . :) 
I miss the mountains 
Out of all times , my parents pick now not to let me see < PROPMALE > Potter ... 
New laptop ! 
Let's go to the 20's! 
\Wise men don't need advice . Fools won't take it . \ " \ 
I'm out of contact solution , have had my contacts in for 2 days and they're starting to hurt . Not good . 
Headache :/ 
I have cold chills and I can't quit shaking and I'm not cold ..... 
Apparently I'm ISFP 
holy crap American Chopper can get intense ..... 
Deciding whether or not I should install my sub in the Subaru or just sell it ... any thoughts ? 
Deciding whether or not the Governors School would be a good choice . 
Lost a contact and can't see anything ... driving should be interesting . 
Wish I could have marched with the pipe band in the Christmas parade but i still had fun . 
Got new rims !!!! But the tires are too big ... :(( 
Everyones getting my hopes up with talk of snow ! 
Watching cartoons that I used to watch is soooo much different when you're older .... 
Got new rims of my Subaru ! :))) 
with my very best friend and most favorite person ever < PROPFEMALE > Sizemore . she is perfect in every way ! :) \ 
p.s. < PROPFEMALE > definitely did not type this . nope . this is coming right from my heart . :) 
Got a new < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Standard ! 
Got a new phone :D 
I miss summer 
Bought Vintage machine heads and black/chrome top hat knobs for the < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > . 
I feel like I haven't been to school in a looonggg time . 
Blues is one of the few styles of music that actually speaks to you if you listen . 
Bought mounted light for my Subaru . May go out and get an air intake . Any other ideas ? 
the week has progressively gotten slower .... 
In West Philadelphia , born and raised ...... 
I kinda wish I had a truck or a Jeep . 
How long are we in 1st period ( for those of us who have one ) until we start the exam tomorrow ? 
< PROPFIRST > Cash popped up on the Avett Brothers radio station . I guess theres some relevance . 
Just remodeled my whole room , took my bed frame off and still got to study :P 
The word sqwauky is stuck in my head ... 
I should probably start looking at my region solo now ... 
Perfect day to take the subaru out for a spin 
The exams this week were tough 
School tomorrow ? Yes ? No ? It would seen kinda pointless now to go in for just one day 
believe in the Lord Jesus Christ . One Facebooker has challenged all believers to post this on their wall . The Bible says that if you deny Christ before men , He will deny you before God the Father is in Heaven . This is a simple test . If you love God and you are not afraid to show it , repost this ! Or stay quiet and maybe nobody will know . . . 
Anyone want to buy a Toshiba notebook ? 
My 2 hardest exams tomorrow . Whoop < PROPFIRST > doo ! 
If I can just get tomorrow and the first half of Wensday out of the way , I'll be a happy camper ... I wanna go camping 
Wish You Were Here is the best song to sleep to 
3rd outta 17 . And only half the show done ... YEAHHH !!!!! 
It feels like its 11 o ' clock D: 
Does it seem fair to have restrictions on your personal laptop that YOU paid for with YOUR own money ...? 
Met some pretty awesome people tonight 
< PROPFEMALE > recruiters talked to me and got my mind set to join when I'm ready . 
Thinking of taking up inlining again . 
Any one wanna buy a 10 ' 1000 watt sub and dual mosfett amp ? $120 ? 
Decided to go into the Army instead of the Marines . 
I hate restless legs ... 
Contra was the best ! 
Patersk-um-fehdddle 
Feels like 11 o'clock 
I want to go to the mountains ... RIGHT NOW 
realized I should have practiced for my county and region auditions . Practicing the night before and in < PROPMALE>'s car on the way there didn't cut it . \/" 
< PROPFIRST > Edwards is amazing :) <3 
Transposing isn't working out for me ... I need help from another horn player 
Well facebook just got 10x more boring 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EAJT9Bk_GeQ&feature=related 
Subaru for a Jeep . Yes . 
feeling kinda sick 
