is hanging out with her favorite ppl 

is writing the paper she has put off all xmas break :( 
is tired of homework 
sweet free money ! haha 
is currently hanging out with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > 
is making a picture collage ! haha 
is makin dang t-shirts 
is kinda now excited for her bday 
this is dedicated to < PROPFEMALE > huebert ! \ what if u had an outy ? how would that look ? \ " hahahahahahahahaha that literally made my day !!! " 
thanks everyone for the bday wishes ! 
going to go eat somewhere tomorrow before work with < PROPFEMALE > !! haha YAY ! 
is going to be dr. < PROPMALE > this week ... :) 
is at home but is already bored !! 
sledding tomorrow ? 
is average height ! haha i no longer consider myself short 
i ran over a surfer with my car because thats how i role 
so the shower i broke 5 yrs ago is finally getting fix ! yay ! haha 
hm ... this weekend ... hm ... 
off to find the wizard of oz :D 
just realized her hurley hoodie is missing ... big damper on the day ... :( 
is making cookies 
\you look good wearing my future \"~ some kind of wonderful :) " 
state degree interview tomorrow ... woo :P 
just taught her dad how to go ' file , save ' ' file , quit ' lmao ! 
is : One who was a dinosaur in a previous life . She usually demonstrates her past life through excessive roaring when stressful situations are encountered . Hear that < PROPFEMALE > roar ! 
each breath that you take has a thunderous sound everything , everything's magic 
3 more months and then i dont have to worry bout using the wrong lab .. 
whoever thought school at 8 a.m on a saturday was fun needs to rethink life 
is jealous of < PROPFEMALE>'s hair .. boo u < PROPFEMALE > ... boo u 
icky sticky not happy !! > l 
is going to applebees with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > :D WOO FOOD 
is watching my life as < PROPFEMALE > 
is watching shrek ... ha i feel little again :) 
is applyin for the hansen leadership program :D 
loves golf :) 
going to run ... 
is going for a walk ... :) 
tryin to find a hotel sucks 
needs a good break and a good laugh so i guess i will watch the office 
i am so confused ... i thought the plaza was in kansas city kansas , but i was told it was the same thing as kansas city missouri ... so does that mean im going to kansas or missouri ? 
i hate nebraska weather ! its so bipolar ! 
so today i found out i was related to the root family of mccool , totally small world after all !! 
is officially going to doane .... 
has to write a paper , and of course im on facebook ..... 
dear next week , plz hurry up so i can leave the state . thanks a bunch ! < PROPFEMALE > :) 
whoa 66 degrees outside ... heaven today .. snow tomorrow ? dang nebraska .. im moving 
is watching journey on oprah ! :) 
one more day of school ... thank goodness !! :s 
chillin in kansas city with the girls and having a blast .. gonna have fun tomorrow ! 
kansas city = no dramaful boys + awesome rooms + private deck + a fire place + private hot tub + the plaza + legions + the biggest cabelas - 16 hrs of driving ... thats right , i think we beat san < PROPFIRST > 
finally home and actually happy about being in hendoville right now ...... 
7 pages compared to 14 .. yep i think its good enough .. idc anymore 6 more weeks and were out so haha adv lit ...... big fat HA HA ! 
needs to get the cornerstone and hansen apps in the mail ... procrastination is taking over my lifestyle ...... 
bonfires+energy drinks = initiation of summer :) 
is < PROPFEMALE > ready to graduate ... 
state ffa choir here i come 
Is sitting watching Connor get his gay award before going to the state degree dinner 
will be going to prison tomorrow 
warped tour this summer ? lets hope so 
so .. i hope i didnt miss registration today .. crap .. 
is applying to be a counselor at girls state :D 
district music contest = busy week , early mornings , anger , frustration , and butterflies ... sounds just dandy doesnt ?.... not 
has already forgotten how to cite authors in APA form ... crap .... 
at this point in time being a senior isnt to hott .. today i have workd on sociology for 7 hrs and im just starting my conclusion and personal reflection .. ick 
wants to go feed some ducks ... idk y but that sounds fun at the moment 
old ppl make me smile from time to time :D ...... 
is past the point of caring anymore .... 
so i love how i try to help others out with their papers and im not even done with mine haha ironic no ? 
SOC N ' GOVT FINISHED = BOOOO YAHHHH ! and before 12 .. high five ! 
is no longer required to wear official dress or band uniforms :D my life is semi-complete 
party in the usa ! 
saturday = homework 
final week of high school haha awesomeness 
mla confuses me , apa is so much better 
so i have to be at the school tomorrow at 6:45 for nhs .. would it be a good idea just to do an all nighter and get lots of stuff done ? 
4 days :) 
ppl always sing about love , life , and happiness .. unfortunately they never sing about life , the need of society and social norms , and how much writing papers suck .. 
whats that paper , i cant hear u .... oh yea im done :) 
just ran around in the rain .. amazing :) .. welcome summer 2010 , long time no see 
rawr 
summer nights :) 
graduation = sunday ! SUPER DUPER EXCITED ! 
sometimes when i peel potatoes i imagine im peeling apples , but thats only sometimes -- lol flap < PROPFIRST > :) 
super duper excited to work at 430 tomorrow morning :s 
if i was in henderson ....... 
Girls state :) then omaha bound 
framing hanley is amazing :) 
forever 21 ... thats where my paycheck goes 
toy story 3 tonight :) 
music doesn't lie ; if there is something to be changed in this world , then it can only happen through music -- jimi hendrix 
breakfast at < PROPFEMALE>'s and lightning storms ... good way to end a sunday :) 
is uper duper super excited !!! :D 
needs to have an adventure pretty dang soon :) 
cant you see that its just raining .. there aint no need to go outside 
life is about creating a reality from your fantasy , not making a reality turns it into a fairytale 
here's a night , and it shines , and it calls us on and on , so be here by my side , and watch the stars , they're ours . 
omaha :( boooooo ......... 
profit :) sounds like a good way to end the day 
sometimes i laugh at ppls sadness ... is that a bad thing ? 
i walked out this morning and wrote down this song , just cant remember who to send it to 
five hundred twenty-five thousand moments so dear 
i dont understand y i cant bring a digital camera to river riot .. lame ! 
filling out hopefully the last scholarship ever 
sometimes i worry bout my sanity .. then i think oh its just an asian thing ........ yes i just made an asian jk at myself .. thats what happens when i see the guys for 1 hr 
excited for friday :) 
is now uber super duper excited for friday and for < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > to come to henderson and party it up during community days !! 
is sad her favorite person is not coming anymore :( 
eminem's recovery albulm rocks my world at this point in time 
is registered and ready for it to be august !! 
sad the giant purple tennis ball is dead after one night of fun :(( very sad day 
going to elcipse with < PROPFEMALE > Huebert , < PROPFEMALE > Huebert , < PROPFIRST > Ruybalid , < PROPFEMALE > Huebert ; anyone else who would like to join ? :) 
so not worth $8 
what a horrible fortune cookie ! ' you will find a thing . It may be important'-- what kind of fortune is that ! 
rain rain go away come again another day 
excited to go to the < PROPMALE > and i on friday 
cheese and rice !!! CHEESE AND FLIPPING RICE ! 
do u remember when i actually cared ?.... oh wait , that was never my style 
i win ... thee end :)) 
would like to go to the zoo :) 
i really wish i could just move to college , either that or ppl need to wear their pull ups and grow up 
this time , asians r going to make an army to destroy evil .... bring it on ww3 bring it on- and yes we have already restarted to recruit :)) 
