could use somebody 

off to work and i still can't find my hoodie . If you've seen ' im call the dispatch office of missing hoodies and socks . They'll know how to get a hold of me . 
feck ! it's cold ! I still can't find my hoodie . 
First < PROPMALE > , then < PROPFEMALE > , then MJ , and now < PROPFIRST > Mayes ?! I'm gonna stay as far away from 50 as I can ! 
bored , bored , bored . Did I mention that I was bored ? 
No matter how much you push the envelope , it'll still be stationery . 
Local Area Network in Australia : The < PROPFEMALE > down under . 
Just got back online with good news ! I passed my National boards ! Yeha 
Well , at least ND won today . GO < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
Wants at least on part of my life to go in the right direction 
Ok , so , yet again I want to lay a Clevland Steamer on < PROPFIRST > Carols face , but at least my Yankees won . Not a total loss of a Saturday . 
O.K. So , once the zombie apocalypse happens . I'm heading to the nearest island that's close enough to mainland . I figure there can only be a finite number of the dead suckers on the island . Who's coming with !? 
Alright , I think i'm gonna scratch the whole island thing , instead I need to know how many people it would take to run a cruise ship 
yep , first time my bro , sis , and me get together in four years , and I get a cold for the first time in two years . Yep . 
feeling like poo , but can't afford to not go into work 
The Yankees are the World Champs !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Once again no one can compare !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! GO YANKEES !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Sis left yesterday , bro left today ..... Back to the usual anticts .... Save for Germany in two weeks 
just saw 2012 . Here's the rundown : hour one , < PROPFIRST > Cusack cool . Funny bratty kids check . Woody Harrelson cool . Hour two , Everythins blowin up , Sweet ! Hour three , ok I really gotta pee get it over with . End of flick , < PROPMALE > Emmerich should be banned for making shitty , long , boring movies . 
Just found out the one drawback to going to Germany for the Holiday . Gonna miss < PROPMALE > Mocharie coming to Pcola . Damn it ! 
made it to Germany ! I had full intentions of coming here and tearing down a wall , but upon arriving , I found out someone else already did it . 
So .... much .... turkey .... not .... enough ..... room ... in .... stomach ..... must ..... keep .... eating ..... but .... no .... mints ... i'll ... explode ! 
Germany trip almost at and end . Had a ton of fun playing with my niece , messing with my sis in law , and goofing with my bro . Almost wish it didn't have to end ! 
I think saying goodbye to the little ones is the hardest part of visiting family . 
Well , just got back home from D-land . Tired , yet not , ready to get into work , yet not . 
Just got my business cards , gift certificates , and some fudge ! Thanks mom ! 
< PROPMALE > is the symbol of the two noblest human efforts : to construct and to refrain from destruction . < PROPFEMALE > Waugh 
meninges , that's what's on my mind ....... that and < PROPFEMALE > . 
Sometimes life sucks , then again , aren't we all gluttons for punishments ? 
I'm off to a job interview . Wish me luck ! 
Meet and Greet interview : check . Practical : in progress . Job offer ?..... 
Well the Holidays keep getting brighter . Heaters broke . yay . 
Meet and Greet interview : Check . Practical interview : Check . Job offer ? CHECK ! 
I hope everyone has a most magical Christmas morning , may it be the most magical yet . 
not really . 
perfect time of year to have your heater breakdown 
really hates it when I can't get a song out of my head . 
off to work , it's cold outside and I cant find my hoodie . Lovely day . 
is cold , lonly , and tired . at least i found my hoodie 
really feckin cold !!!! 
heaters fixed ! yay 
damn heaters broke again 
Work rocked today ! 
Why is it that I finally have a Saturday night off and not one person to < PROPFEMALE > out with ? 
Looks like Romo's homos are goin down ! Favre is about to get Who Dat'd! 
work soft rocked today , glad I finally got somethin to eat ! 
Just feels like I can't get anything right an it really sucks . 
America : the only country where we have homeless without shelter , children going to bed without eating , elderly going without needed meds , and mentally ill without treatment - yet we have a benefit for the people of Haiti on 12 TV stations . 99% of people won't have the guts to copy and repost this !! 
just plain give up 
Things to do today : 1 . Give the bath a dog . 2 . Throw the wash in a load of laundry . 3 . Carpet the vacuum 4 . Car out the clean . 5 . Dishes the wash . today backwards feeling is Today . 
< PROPFIRST > - a male friend who is extremely intelligent , funny , kind , and always there for you . They usually plan to do something to better the world like going in to the Marines or Army . Liked by a lot of people and usually very attractive 
bored , bored , and bored . Did I mention that I was bored ? 
Well , since I can't find anyone else to celebrate the Saints winning the biggest game ever .... I'm gonna crash . 
yep 
Just wondering why rejection is the only contant thing in my life . 
I need a beer . Anyone down ? 
Goin to the Trail if anyone is down for some fun ! 
Became a fan of MY PHONE AND ITS PLAN CAN KISS MY ASS 
Verizon can officially kiss my ass ! Cause I got me a new phone ! 
Whether one believes in a religion or not , and whether one believes in rebirth or not , there isn't anyone who doesn't appreciate kindness and compassion . 
One thing I can't stand is having to wait on other people to do their job , so I can do mine . It's mind numbing ! 
If you believe your Sister is amongst God's greatest blessings on the face of this earth , copy and paste this as your status and give her a hug ! I ? MY SISTERS 
OK . So I've decided . 1 . They need to do a sequel to Goonies . 2 . They really really need to do a remake of Clive Barker's Nightbreed . 
bored , bored , bored , bored , bored , bored , all boring and no play makes < PROPFIRST > a dull boy . all boring and no play makes < PROPFIRST > a dull boy . all boring and no play makes < PROPFIRST > a dull boy 
Goin on down to the Trail . If ya wanna have some fun , show up 
Is amazed how Law & Order can suck you into a three hour marathon , just by watching the first 5 mins . of an episode 
Just caught a < PROPFEMALE > Wars reference in an episode of the < PROPFEMALE > Girls . Go Team Nerd ! 
Information is not knowledge . The only source of knowledge is experience . - < PROPFIRST > Einstien 
Why am I able to go out all night , then wake up at 7 a.m. every mornin like nothings wrong ? Maybe it's just the < PROPFEMALE > in my blood . 
Leave it to my blind ass dog to cheer my day up a bit . 
R.I.P. < PROPFIRST > Hopper 
I think I've discovered the secret of life - you just\ 
< PROPFEMALE > around until you get used to it . 
Do not go where the path may lead , go instead where \ 
there is no path and leave a trail . 
Good fun and friends at the ballgame last night . Now to get over the hangover ! 
I absolutly love it when the filter in the coffee maker folds over itself and creates a nice lake of coffee and coffee grounds all over my kitchen 
just found out I got an unplanned three day weekend . yay . 
two full days off and nothing to do , who wants to < PROPFEMALE > 
anybody doing anything fun tonight ? 
I was just on myspace .... that place is a ghost town 
This is bull shit 
USA ! USA ! USA ! USA ! 
Beer is at it's most awesome after a long day of yard work . Hooray Beer ! 
Yay ! Three day weekend ! Off to the beach !.... no wait , BP ruined the beach . 
Wonders why beer doesn't have nutrional info on the cans and bottles like soda does . I know beer makes you smarter , faster , funnier , sexier , and better in bed . I just want to know the levels of each i'm getting . 
Headed to Mellow Mushroom for some pie and trivia . Want a shot at the title ? Bring it ! 
going bowling at 8 at cordova lanes . All you hippies are invited 
New Best Show Ever(this week) ! Archer ! Danger Zone ! 
< PROPMALE > Holt ! 
RIP Sparky < PROPMALE > . One of the greatest ever 
Two words : Mothafuckin Black Ops baby ! ok four words 
Black Ops here i come ! 
Just saw a trailer for Green Lantern and I think I peed my pants a lil 
Don't you just love it when ur car breaks down a few days before payday 
If you get an email from me @ boozeboy78@yahoo.com . It's not me , its a virus . I don't send emails from this account ! 
It's a direct conspiracy that the one socket I need to fix my ride is not in the set . Bollocks 
Proper socket for bolt . check . thermostat replacement . check . Overheating problem . Not the thermostat . Any ideas ? 
Fuck the Trojans !!!! Go < PROPFEMALE > ! Hell of a game Go < PROPFEMALE > !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 11 
R.I.P. < PROPFIRST > Nielsen . One of my comedic heroes . His gift of laughter will be missed , but his work will live forever . 
In my life I have tasted many a beverage . Today I have tasted something I would like to untaste forever . That my friends , is Bacon flavored soda . Who would have thought that two tasty things could not work out so well . 
Goin to Tron at 7 if ya wanna meet up holla 
Dates are set ! Phillipines here we come ! 
So I heard a rumor that I was getting a late Christmas present . Wonder if that's true , cause I gots some cold feet . 
PLEASE put this on your status if you know someone or are related to someone who has been eaten by dragons . Dragons are nearly unstoppable and in case you didn't know , they can breathe fire . 93% of people won't copy and paste this , because they have already been eaten by dragons . 6% of people are sitting in the shower ... armed with fire extinguishers , and the remaining 1% are awesome and will re-post this :-/ 
my phone is out of commision for the moment 
Call of Duty Prayer :\ 
\ 
Our father who < PROPMALE > in heaven Halo is super lame . Through C.O.D. thy will be done on e < PROPMALE > h as it is in my game room . Give us this day of steady thumbs , and forgive us for negative K/D R as we forgive those who end our killstreaks , and lead us not into claymores but deliver us to VICTORY !!!!!!!!! \ 
-Giddy 
It's kind of refreshing to find out how little you mean to so many , yet how much you mean to so few . Which in return , says much about those you surround yourself with . 
Gonna miss that dog 
Peace out 
Made it to the AK . Good thing , cause O'Hare can kiss my ass ! Kids were quite suprised . Pics comin soon 
why is it that when a state government goes broke they cut education and first responder programs ? I feel instead the public servants should take the first cut . They are after all PUBLIC SERVANTS ! Instead of keeping their mansions and limos they should make sure that our children are educated and kept safe . Sometimes it makes me disgusted to be part of this country . 
i like poooop , and i love my sisters daughter mykala . she's the coolest . 
New phone ! Now to figure it out 
Six a.m. can't get back to sleep can't do anything cause the rest of the house is still sleeping . what 2 do . 
Wish I knew someone up here to < PROPFEMALE > with 
Why Bacon ! R u not the perfect food ? I think so ! 
Wondering wtf is up with psn not letting me open the store 
Anyone know a good place for a resume template I could use ? 
Twitter went down for two hours yesterday , so I spent my day calling random people in the phone book telling them what I had for lunch . 
Why don't you ever see baby squirrels ? 
You think their is a braille sign that reads \Do not touch \"?" 
NyQuil . The sneezing , coughing , THERE'S A DRAGON IN THE KITCHEN ! Medicine . 
Wish the internet connection in my room was better so I could at least watch a movie , let alone play some COD . 
Hall Pass , one funny fuckin flick ! 
Homefront is comin out next week ! Can barely stand the wait ! 
For Lent I am giving up Lent 
I have had my fill of teen nik and Disney xd . Thankfully spring break ends on Monday . 
Check This Out on G4 ! 
Do Chinese people get tattoos with English sayings on them ? 
Tried my hand at snowboarding .... not so much . 
While messing around with my smartphone , I hit the airplane mode to see what would happen . It's still a phone . 
Homefront would be the shite if I had a decent tv to play it on . Other than that its a pretty badarse game . 
Hooray St. Pats in Alaska . 3inches of snow and counting . Yay . 
LET'S GO < PROPFEMALE > !!!!! 
If my ceiling fan could hold my weight , I would never be bored again . 
Is there any reason I shouldn't feel like a complete failure right now ? 
Why is it so difficult to find a feckin job ! This has gone beyond ridiculous . 
Utterly irritated , annoyed , frustrated . 
