Got an exceptance test tomarrow Im stoked 

Got ethans motorcycle in he loves it 
Sitting at school listing to this annoying teacher . 
Fucking snow Im trying to make some money pick my rims up and get smart . 
sitting at school with out a book lost as hell it tends to happen from time to time bought a dog yester day looks like we have a new add to the family Ill post pictures later 
Thankyou to everybody who wished me a happy birthday I went golfing it was great . Me and < PROPFIRST > are officaly split up now so thats a bummer but its for the best . 
What will life throw at me next 
I read that intellectual thoughts can change emotional feelings how true is this statement . 
Its time for a change Im bout to pick up my pride and become a better man . 
Hanging with my boy all weekend 
I miss my son nobody said it was this hard . 
Im tired 9 days no day off 2 more days till court and maybe a day off 
Had < PROPMALE > for the past couple of days it was great . Heading to Cumberland tomarrow and finaly got my 20s on my car . Im feeling great ! 
< PROPMALE > and I made it home from Cumberland safe and sound . I think everybody should go and stay at my moms bed and breakfast its real awsome and ran by a veteran . Eagles view B and B on burnside . You wont regreat your stay . 
Well the clutch in my car fried so no car maybe ill have it back this week . Court thursday just for another court date . Ethans birthday done and past and didnt even get to see him because of my car and im stuck in fucking OHIO with dumb ass issues . Hey all my OHIO friends where you at ? 
Im in Kentucky till wednesday gotta do the court sceen and get my boy . 
So I guess as of tomarrow Ill be living back in Ky . I have < PROPMALE > all week and drill this weekend to fallow two court dates next week maybe its the end of the legal crap and hopefully the start of a new job . 
Went to pitchers last night had a good time ended up at some bar and watched this retarted guy dance defantly diffrent but in all I had an ok time . Good luck tonight guys with that benifit sorry I cant make it I got my boy . 
I defantly dont want to be that guy who does nothing and is drowning in pitty . 
Dam drive shaft went out in my car once agin . Luckly my real dad was comming down the road and picked me up I see him like 1 time every six months so that was ment to be I guess . 
Lil man has an ear ach Ash took him to the docs and got meds I hope he gets better . Still trying to find away to get my car from the church . Im sure Ill come up with a good Idea I all ways have alot of them . 
Getting ready for court then Im going to go get this job . 
So court got extended out agin untill thursday Im so tired of court especially because I really didnt do what there trying to say that I did . 
Ill write till I die speak my mind and heart just to get by one day Ill fly and say good bye to all of this Ill be for everly hi the good hi that brings a smile to your face dream about that be me love me hate me hate you love you life is life I wont just let this go by Judice is my modivation and Im modivated Ill over come time will tell my life has times for me to shine and this time is mine . 
Morals and Values are everything the worst thing possiable can happen and you can still love your self if you have them morals and values you can over come anything . 
Heading to Cumberland in the morning for a fishing trip and more Thanksgiving food . Ethans going with me Im stoked for a good weekend . 
Bout to work on a rough draft of these web sites 
I just got my camra back from my mom its time to take some good photos . 
Im going to fix my car tomarrow finally . Then to traffic court then to the gym with bubba time to go to work son lets get it . Anybody else wanna go and live in < PROPFEMALE > give me a call if you dont got my number leave me a message with your number Ill call ya . 
Getting ready to head up and try to fix my car then to Cincinnati for court . 
So i got to switch out a 2 peice drive shaft with a 1 peice drive shaft good thing is my drive shaft will never blow agin and its only 40 dollars maybe Ill get lucky and find an aluminum one for cheap . Other than that my car should be back on the road tomarrow . Im now 1350 in repairs for the year still beating the cost of a < PROPFEMALE > I love it . 
So Im about to finish building this 69 Camaro model for my son and head to bed . Gotta fix my firebird tomarrow Im stoked I figured it out . 
I shall not want 
my car is fixed finally im stoked 
heading to court then to a job interview I hope my day turns out good . 
So I found this good converter that converts You Tube videos to mp3 its the shit . Im bout to put some time in on my web < PROPFEMALE > and I found out today my Iq is 111 by this doctor . I hope thats good I mean I write web < PROPFEMALE > s and have created computer programs but I doubt Im super smart . 
Wow I love alcoholic s there so dilusional as it progresses and they always seem to think they need and deserve more . And they never shut up always broke but they always seem to have beer its crazy . \Im starving\ " is what they say I dont think beer includes protein or the crutal vitamins that you need to live . " 
So why dont you decide to quit being an alcoholic get some help and buy some food . Or better yet try to change your life so you can be happy I dont want to be that guy that guy is my dad :( 
Remove Post < PROPFIRST > Thor\ 
O man what a day I was heading to work and for some reason my 20s decided they didnt want to be on my car anymore so they hopped off going 70 down the hi way and fallowed my car at 430 in the afternoon from the center < PROPFIRST > to the right < PROPFIRST > to the E < PROPFIRST > then hit the back of my car all this happend with out hitting anyone crazy shit . 
Ima try to get < PROPMALE > today and < PROPFEMALE > out somewhere and do somthing . 
He who laughs last laughs best . 
Had a great night last night even tho it was like for a few hours but Happy Birthday Chelle . Had a great time hanging with my step father playing pool tonight got a big day tomarrow working on V.A. stuff , two job interviews and investments for after the holidays . 
So last night my son walks up to me grabs my checks looks me in the eyes and says daddy your a good guy I love you and he huged me . I knew right then Im important . 
I want to know what everybody thinks about this tax and unemployment shit thats going on . I think if you work for more than a year you should get unemployment for a year no more no less . Doing this would probly save < PROPFEMALE > alot of money and americans can still have the confortability of knowing they have that benifit for working especially for the construction sector . 
I do think that the tax rate for the ritch should be increased a little bit but I dont think that it should consume there income . The reason why I state this is because most of the ritch are our business owners and quite < PROPFIRST > Im pist that they out source all of the labor jobs to other countrys so doing that I think they should be taxed more if they want to look for short cuts 
why cant < PROPFEMALE > to take some of the burdon off the middle class and our children . I honestly think that american founded companys that out source should pay a tax this will bring jobs back to < PROPFEMALE > . 
Heres an example of what Im talking about , Etch A Sketch by the Ohio < PROPMALE > Co . is made in < PROPFEMALE > . Radio Flyer red wagons : made in < PROPFEMALE > . Levi's: made in Latin < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > . When these and other < PROPFEMALE > n icons left the country , so did millions of jobs . Many of the more than 5 million manufacturing jobs and 600,000 information-sector jobs that have vanished in the past 10 ... 
Thats our Jobs tax the fuck out of them so we have money while were throwing our money away to another country . O wait we might go to war with them wow congress needs to wake up how can you help us if your helping others with our jobs . I wonder how much debt them countrys are in . I say TAX THEM take that burdon off the middle class . 
In response to the < PROPFIRST > game . I have a number for you , #5854 . That's how many troops have been killed in Iraq and Afghanistan protecting our civilian behinds ! Now that's a status I'd like to see on everyones < PROPFEMALE > ! Rest in peace heroes ! May you fly with the angels ? REPOST IF YOU AGREE ? 
Check out my tour video on my < PROPFEMALE > thanks Hope for tagging me in this I didnt even know it was on fb . 
Watching football with my boy dont hate me cuz I got a kid hate me because I accually take care of mine . No woman is worth my relationship with my son . 
What a day time to quit my shitty job all because i finally got the job I want this morning ha Im loving it . 
What a shitty day go to start the truck at 5 am to go to work wont start . Then I tryed to call and tell them I wasnt going to make it my phones broke . Then I tryed to send an email internet was down my luck . 
Getting < PROPMALE > trying to make it to < PROPFEMALE > s 
So I see how things really havent changed and I feel as if Im back to where I started . 
Hanging with < PROPMALE > all day 
Dam I cant wait to get back to the books . 
Cant wait till spring to put the 20s back on the car and get the paint job done that I want . Its going to be so sick ! 
Middletown sucks 
The funniest thing I seen all day was a guy in middletown trying to pump his car tire up with a bike pump . Sorry dude it will never work no matter how hard you try . 
The last thing anybody should do is insult sombody and there kid I know Im not perfect but I try . Ill be dammed if I let sombody try to tell me Im not doing somthing right when it comes to my kid . Thing is its all bout to turn around and Im going for it . 
Monoploy is that shit let me get it inn 
Wondering why people talk shit yo I got a phone you got a problem you can call dont call my mom then have my mom call me on some stupid shit and run your mouth like were bestfriends like you know everything about me . Theres one person in this world that knows me in and out and has a right to talk shit about me and if your not her keep your face shut I dont want to hear it or smell your breath from it . 
Trial in the morning lets get the truth inn . 
Meeting with the lawer in the morning , Hoping to get < PROPMALE > . 
went to the lawers to get sent to the court house i hope its over today chances are it wont be 
Dude told me your a combat vet start acting like one . Im not to sure how to take this should I have so much pride that you see it stuck up my ass or better yet how does a combat vet act because to me I dont want nobody to know that Im a combat vet . 
thank god the court shit is over and got a job and im back in ky all in just like 2 days getting < PROPMALE > tomarrow and im going to kick it all weekend with him 
had a wonderfull weekend with < PROPMALE > and my dad my boy didnt want to leave mw i dropped him off then had to go back and talk to him to calm him down he wants to live with me he dont understand his tears were real all i could do is dry his eyes and tell him i love u 
workin all nite come on 6 am 
wow another hurdel to over come 
im < PROPFIRST > thor ill impress u 
so < PROPMALE > is sick and i got him till sunday not planing on doing much but try my best to get my little buddie better 
Got me a new car tv a bass and an electric guitar and a fossil watch for 300 I love good deals . 
Excited about tomarrow . Maybe Ill get some time with my mom I defantly think Im a momma s boy I wonder why tho . < PROPMALE > my son is a daddys boy I wonder if my dad would have been around if I would have been the same way . But anyways looking forward to hanging out with mom and < PROPFIRST > . 
Its crazy who god puts in your life dont ever go into a situation or a conversation expecting or assuming or closed minded you may relize people love you and you may relize you can learn somthing . Thankyou to all my friends for helping me become a better me I love the sapport . 
I need a freakin job bad stupid boone county 
Wow life sucks 
with the ability to adapt and over come being a social camilion with the ability to lead threw my own views if i got to fight till i die to never be owned agin than thats how it is this is my life ill live it to my terms being a vet and part of a brother hood is one dream out of the way two more with the start of the second one today im feeling quite pleased u kno one person has really touched my life i have ... 
I really do beleave that Im misunderstood . Fuck it Im still fucking awsome 
All I can say is I love honesty even when it sucks honesty is still whats up . I told a group of 14 yr old boys whos lives may not be that great not because of them that real respect is better then what you think is street respect how do u get that real respect honesty . 
50 50 on custody not . I stoped to get my boy and because she didnt want me to take him I couldnt take him . I even called the cops and showed them the court agreement . All I got was file contempt of court charges on her Im not cold . I hate you tho for all the pain you have put me threw and continue to put me threw it never stops . Your so fucking ugly on the inside no compassion for nothing . So what do I do ? 
im impressed with the drama the past few days its all good tho im happy 
House is that shit 
Im the cookie monster , I love all 3 of you you know who u are . 1 you were the one I wanted 4 a life time , like a Chocolate Chip cookie just wasnt enough chocolate chips to young . 2 you were my oreo to much chocolate but I loved the cream so I married you . 3 we will see but I think its going to be an m m cookie so many diffrent colors I get confused but still got that taste . 
I made up my mind Cupid is my best friend but thats why I got a sheild . lol 
