just got her license ! WOOHOO ! 

goin to the peninsula tomorrow ! very exciting !! 
today was sooo fun ! 
watchin that 70's show . i think i have seen every single episode ! 
gettin ready for the bonfire . woohoo ! 
bonfire was fun , but ended kind of badly . uh-oh ... 
is excited for volleyball tomorrow ! 
varsity volleyball retreat was a blast !! 
doing spanish homework ... why did i take this class again ??! 
has to get up early tomorrow for 6AM practice !! uh-oh ... 
is going shopping tomorrow :) 
first volleyball game tomorrow at Ferndale . very excited !! 
HOME VOLLEYBALL GAME TOMORROW vs . stanwood ! 
dang we lost :( 
is glad its the weekend already !! 
' nother vball game tomorrow @home :) 
wow the weekend went by really fast !... :( 
yay we finally WON ! WOOHOO !! beat Mariner 3-0 
feels like crap . l hate being sick !! 
UW volleyball game was very fun with my team ! :) 
team dinner was very delicious ! 
game tomorrow at oak harbor . wow thats a long ways away ! 
went to my first soccer game this season .. good game but VERY cold !!! 
homecoming game was fun !! 
last home game tomorrow ... so sad !! 
last game tomorrow ... and then our season is done :( 
is ready for sides tomorrow !! 
is extremely glad that we don't have school tomorrow . 
is excited to < PROPFEMALE > out with my little sister on saturday !! ;) 
is going to see bye bye < PROPFEMALE > tonight with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > (: 
made the northshore U17 team yesterday !! 
is sad that my practice tonight was rescheduled ... :( 
is really excited for our first volleyball practice tomorrow !! 
had a fun time kickboxing with my lil sis :) 
really REALLY hopes school is cancelled tomorrow !!!!..... 
just wishes it was winter break already !! 
is extremely tired after 4 hours of volleyball practice 
got my xmas shopping done today :) haha only a little late ..... 
is really worried ........ 
< PROPFEMALE > christmas !!! :) 
is parentless for 9 days . woohoo !!! 
best new years ever , by far :) 
i love my best friend < PROPFEMALE > swegle :) 
is extremely excited for desperate housewives to start in 12 minutes !! 
white ;) 
super tired after the tournament this weekend 
aaannnnnddddd . . . done !! 
yay saints !, screw homework , good tourney , dear < PROPFIRST > is amazing . pretty much sums up my weekend :) 
good game tonight (: 
loves the sunshine :) 
had an awesome time at the beach !! :) 
wants to sleep . a lot . 
time to go coach :) 
the weekend isn't coming fast enough ! 
cant wait for summer 
oh my goodness ! its dumping buckets outside right now !! awesome (: 
oh man , spanish AP test tomorrow . yikes ! 
gracias :) 
cinco de mayo tomorrow = grande fiesta in spanish ! :) me gusta 
so so so so glad we have no school tomorrow ! 
ready for summer . . . 
gettin ready to go babysit . oh man . . . 
spiders need to go to hell and never come back 
had a good practice tonight :) 
loves sleeping in til one :) 
my mind cannot even comprehend it . . . 
last volleyball practice is over :( 
pumped for the < PROPFEMALE > city classic !! 
gold division tomorrow ! yeeehaw !! 
Good season , Northshore :) 
is making a spanish video . super funny haha 
i hate finals ! 
is tired . 
is party hoppin ! :) 
its been a fun weekend !!! :) 
I <3 < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > jokes ! 
1/2 day to go . . . then bring on the summer !! 
was a super fun party ! :) 
watchin ' top gun (: 
Donde < PROPFEMALE > el < PROPFIRST > ? 
gonna go for a run . . . 
is painting ! 
wants to be watching fireworks ! 
sore tired and hungry is not a good combination . 
just got a haircut ! 
man , it's COLD ! getting new carpet today ! 
Two's company , three's a crowd . 
3 hours down , 7 more to go 
< PROPFEMALE > skies , cool waves , and good times :) 
girls night !! 
painting the dining room today ! 
and . . . IT'S SHARK WEEK !! 
goin fishin ' :) 
had a fun time at the festival of the river ! 
feels good to play again :) off to kayak point ! 
lookin forward to my last high school season ! 
Yeeehaw won our first game ! ahs volleyball : 1 - 0 \\ngreat job tonight ladies !! 
ugh im < PROPFEMALE > tired . game tomorrow at < PROPMALE > ! 
thanks to the stupid punks that stole all of our stuff . i think that is the best way that i can word it . 
Home game tomorrow night vs lynnwood !! 
breast cancer awareness game tomorrow in Oak Harbor ! 
just not my day . 
spained my ankle today . awesome . glad our next game isnt til tuesday ! 
Silvertips suite ! yeah ya !! 
we definitely have the best team dinners . my abs hurt so bad ! haha 
i can't believe senior night has come and gone . . . no more home games . ever . 
incredibly frustrated 
I cant believe that all of my years of high school volleyball are over . it went by too fast :( 
Just got done with my official visit . . . should i join the UW crew team ? :) 
woohoo ! tips game baby ! 
well it's official . . . im going to UW next year and joining the womens crew team :) 
soooo excited for < PROPMALE > potter tomorrow ! had to prepare tonight by having a < PROPMALE > potter movie marathon with < PROPFEMALE > :) 
I love snow 
Most people have 1,000 wishes for Christmas ; a cancer patient only has one : to get better . I know most of you won't repost this as your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do . In honor of someone who has died , or is still fighting it , or survived cancer , copy this to your status . 
just submitted my application to UW ! i feel so accomplished :) 
Decorating the christmas tree :) 
SNL <3 
yikes 
my thermometer says it's 107.8 degrees outside . . . haha not quite 
out to breakfast with the bestie :) 
my popo jojos taste good with ketchup ! - < PROPFEMALE > Swegle 
Up up here we go , let's fly 
Vote for the boys basketball team on q13fox.com! ! the vote is on the right side of the < PROPFEMALE > ! vote as many times as it will let you 
Dance party at the bowling alley !! 
off to the senior dinner dance ! :) 
getting up at 3am is not really my cup o tea . 
first volleyball practice went well :) i'm excited for the season ! 
I never would have guessed that a bonfire in the rain could be fun :) 
t minus 6 hours 
the big one-eight :) thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes ! 
