As this year closes , I finally realized why Pandora radio is named such : It opens a Pandora's Box situation in which you end up making a list of all of the songs you might like ... it never ends for me . 

Hmm . The Electric Man theme from Mega Man I and Journey's \Faithfully\ " have a ton in common ... " 
Is Redistricting Texas ... I think creating 36 seats is very difficult for Texas , one new seat for < PROPFIRST > , one new seat for San < PROPFIRST > , one new seat for < PROPMALE > , and one new seat in < PROPFIRST > . That's about the only real way to balance it out . 
Has been named into Who's Who Among Students in American Universities and Colleges ! 
Wow , the < PROPMALE > Texans might actually make the playoffs ... Oakland is down by just 4 to Baltimore , and Kansas City is tied with < PROPMALE > ... and the Jets don't play until later tonight ... We only need two of Baltimore , < PROPMALE > , and NYJ to lose to get in . 
has returned ... Now using a more permanent monitor , the last one was more or less borrowed . 
is going to bed . 
has some things to accomplish outside . May visit UTSA this week . 
got to get cleaned up for tomorrow ... 
taking a nap 
getting cleaned up and then bedtime ... 
going to bed , busy day tomorrow . 
I lost one of my three outdoor kittens ( that we helped teach how to hunt ) today . :( RIP < PROPFIRST > , you were a good cat and wonderful mouser . 
is going to try and get some rest tonight . 
well , time to go to bed . 
time to go to bed again ... 
is awake . 
must sleep tonight ... 
Yay for US Soccer , Texas needs a win tonight to take the CWS , and SC Gov . < PROPMALE > just joined the Ensign brigade . What a week it's been ! 
has gotten a haircut , and is getting ready to meet with Congressman Rodriguez's assistants to ( hopefully ) fast forward the advancement of UTSA . We have long been in a position to begin our rise to Tier One status . Time to stop complaining about how things 
sadly , a family emergency has prevented me from attending a meeting with aides from Congressman Rodriguez . 
To be frank : Either DeJuan < PROPFIRST > or < PROPFIRST > Pendergraph will be the best second round pick in this years draft . I'm beginning to see that this years draft might be deeper than people expected . 
is going to bed ... VERY busy day tomorrow . 
OMG ! It's over . The Minnesota Senate fracas is over . < PROPMALE > Franken won ! 
To the departing Governor of Alaska : You're not a lame duck . According to the Alaska Constitution , your term is renewable once more before lame duck and respite status . The only state that forces Governors out after a single term ( albeit not permanently ) 
Governor < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ? Thought he retired ? 
An intriguing historical matchup : Republican < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Hutchison and Democrat < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ... that'll be a battle for the ages . 
KIDD THUNDER !... Does ANYONE get this reference ? 
In other news today , the incumbent Governor of Texas has raised $4.2 million dollars in 9 days to prove his worthiness for renomination . Sadly , like his predecessor , he's about to prove himself an idiot yet again . Go < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Hutchison ! 
May not be from Oklahoma , but likes the song \Oklahoma Rising . \"" 
I am now going to say one of the worst profanities of all time .............................................. BEANS ! 
No offense , but if I wasn't Texan , I'd be Oklahoman . Slightly cooler and good colleges . 
will be heading to UTSA shortly . 
is afk ... leave wall posts or messages , be back in 25 < PROPFEMALE > . 
going to bed early . 
These Thunderstorms are and This Rain is a breath of fresh air . 
afk , brb in 30 < PROPFEMALE > 
????? ??? ?? ???? ????????, ??????? ?? ??????, ?? ????? ?? ? ' ????????????, ???????? ??? ????! 
????? ??? ?? ???? ????????, ??????? ?? ??????, ?? ????? ?? ? ' ????????????, ???????? ??? ????! [ You are and you'll be Greek , the very < PROPFEMALE > of Greeks , and we will be looking ( upon ) y 
Agamemnon is walking Achilles right now . Translation : I'm using Log Me In on my laptop to control my desktop at home . Would be slightly more useful if both computers weren't in the same room ! 
Congratulations < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > Escalante ! Have a wonderful and fantastic marriage ! 
I am frightened and excited at the next set of stops . Between now and August 15 , I plan to move closer to my goals . 
getting ready to go to the UTSA Main Campus , AGAIN . Not that there is any problem with that . :D 
People ! You can't fight here ! This is the WAR Room ! ( quote adapted ) 
Has finally come to the conclusion that the use of the THX soundmark of \Deep Note\ " will not cause any sort of destructive force . " 
is attempting to play around with a schedule . Needs to provide 2 more 30 minute blocks ... 
Is an expert schedule planner ... next , planning a schedule for tomorrow . 
People , do not be fooled . < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > is still a wolf , a wolf that has long ago lost his last teeth , and needs to be sent off to his final pastures away from Texas government . GO KBH ! ( Be that as it may , he still is my Governor . ) 
is wondering how marketable a \Tour of UTSA\ " cycling race would be ... " 
behold . The long first name everyone proclaimed I had but never really did have . 
has a meeting at UTSA-Downtown at 0900 hours . Signing out of Facebook for now . 
is about to become Sir snooze a lot ... Already three hours of sleep ( 6-9 PM , hopefully many more to come ) 
is awake , and debating what to do ... perhaps go to the campus again ? 
will be napping briefly . 
is contemplating writing a collection of random . 
So < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Hutchison's website has the secret phrase \Rick < PROPFIRST > Gay\ " in it ? LOL . " 
is debating on perhaps going to campus ... but what to achieve there ? 
will be going to the campus to work on some SGA projects . 
Wow . I caught a snippet of X Games and saw a schoolmate from Elementary School competing . How small is this world really ? 
Sometime in the near future , I'll upload the rest of the 2008 SGA Retreat photos . I suck at uploading pix . 
RIP < PROPFEMALE > C . Aquino , 11th President of the Phillipines . 
Twenty-Four Days ' til Showtime ! 
23 days until the start of term . Things to do : Check book prices , acquire a solid black blazer , and a few other things . Oh yeah , also going to use a planner this year . :D 
will be napping for a while . 
will be at UTSA , but probably not until 2 PM . 
bed time , good night ! 
AFK for 20 mins . 
All Your Base . 
It's 12:52 AM on 8/10/09 , and I'm thankful for what I do have . 
is the 500th person to sign up on < PROPMALE > Coburn's website supporting his re-election bid . I don't always agree with him , but his willingness to work across the aisle for campaign finance reform ( with Obama , nonetheless ) and resistance to pork barreling earns him my support . 
It's a precipitation chorus line ! - In response to the rain , wind , thunder and lightning . 
less than 11 days to the start of fall term . 
let's face it , people were a bit weirded out by that first name . 
Is on a mission to help end IE's hegemony over the Internet Browser Wars . 
Note to < PROPFIRST > Beck : If Obama hates white people , why did he get Crowley and Biden a beer ? This is why I don't watch or listen to you . 
LOL . < PROPFIRST > Carr got sacked again ! I'm so glad the Texans have a better QB . 
Time left to start of Fall 2009 Semester : 8 days , 12 hours .... In Panic Mode ? Nah . The kitties are though . :/ 
is my glasses dirty again , or did < PROPFIRST > Farve really just became a Viking ? 
may be away from a computer for quite some time . 
when it comes to helping the students of UTSA , I'm neither a Republican , Democrat , Green , Independent , Libertarian , Liberal , Conservative or Moderate . I am a member of the Roadrunners , and I'm here to help you help improve UTSA . 
had a good day today . Also found the name of the song I could never figure out . I thought it was four or five years I was searching for the title , but it's actually more like eleven or twelve . All good things come in time . Oh , the song title : One Headlight by The Wallflowers . 
YES ! McAllister Park San < PROPFIRST > LL wins ! 
Great run by McAllister Park ! 
I get up at 5:55 AM , get dressed , get out around the bus stop , and the bus blows right past without picking me up . Great , now I'm really going to be pressed for time . 
managed to make it to UTSA with 20 minutes to spare and had a good meeting . 
Gag , Liquid DayQuil ( or the Walgreen's equivalent ) tastes like ass . Yes , I'm sick , though it's not as bad as what I went through earlier this year in February . I should be recovered enough to be in class and meetings tomorrow . 
Eight years ago , several thousand Americans lost their lives in various planes , as well as the Pentagon and World Trade Center . Evil can only win if we forget , so let us remember . 
is going to predict that the Cowboys will just barely make the playoffs at ( 10-6 ) , while the Texans will take the AFC South by at least a game ( 11-5 ) . The Saints will roll the NFC South by two at ( 11-5 ) , maybe three at ( 12-4 ) . 
UTSA STUDENTS : Fall 2009 Elections for the Senate positions of Architecture , Education and Human Development , Honors College , Liberal and Fine Arts , Undeclared < PROPMALE > , Senior Class , Sophomore Class and Freshman Class will be held on September 15 and 16 on Banner ASAP . Exercise your voice by voting on who will be your voice in the SGA Senate ! 
Great work New Orleans ! < PROPMALE > , What the f**k ? 
Voting for Fall 2009 Election started at Noon Today : If you are in Architecture , Education and Human Development , Honors College ( Honors Studies ) , Liberal and Fine Arts , Undeclared Majors , Graduate Class , Senior Class , Sophomore Class and/or Freshman Class , you are eligible to vote ! VOTE ON BANNER ASAP ! Voting ends Noon Thursday ! 
Congratulations to all the Fall 2009 SGA Senator Elections , and I hope everyone who ran stays involved !!! GEAUX ROADRUNNERS ! 
OK , UT . Good game ... could have been better , but at least you won . Go < PROPMALE > and New Orleans ! 
YES ! < PROPMALE > beat Tennesee and New Orleans won ! Woot ! Woot ! 
There are twenty-four letters in the Greek Alphabet , and it matters not how those letters are arranged , repeated , or utilized . The only thing that matters is that if your organization helps further UTSA and other philanthropic or service organizations , thank you for all you do ! 
Six months , many suggestions , six Finance Committee meetings , numerous amendments , and nearly four hours and two sessions of debate , the SGA Budget is now officially adopted . Now to commence three minutes worth of celebrations , then get back to chopping wood . 
has just served two wonderful hours at Babcock Road Cleanup . Met some new friends , got some exercise , carried things from a car battery to a steel rebar to a side piece of a fender ! Oh the stuff you'll find around UTSA ! 
Got a haircut on friday , retreat in 5 days ! Yay !! :D :D :D 
is not entirely well , but can rule out the flu . All precautious aside , probably will return to campus at about 1PM . 
Retreat = 4 Days . Philosophy Statement = Tommorrow . Paper for HIS 3303 = Wednesday . Panicking Much ? Nope ! 
SGA Flag Football , in your Campus Rec Co-Ed playoffs ? It may be more likely than you think ! 
supports Chicago for the 2016 Summer Olympiad . 
is potentially going to be away from FB until Sunday PM , unless my internet stuff works in New Braunfels . 
If you are a resident of Bexar County and need to register to vote , several of my fellow SGA collegues are registering students and members of the UTSA community tomorrow in the Sombrilla . You must be registered to vote by tomorrow in order to vote in the November 3 Proposition elections for the State of Texas . If you are already registered , vote in the November 3 elections . 
If you are a resident of Bexar County and need to register to vote for Prop . 4 ( funding for collegiate advancement initiatives ) , several of my fellow SGA collegues are registering students and members of the UTSA community tomorrow in the Sombrilla . You must be registered to vote by tomorrow in order to vote in the November 3 Proposition elections for the State of Texas . If you are already registered , vote ! 
Attention All Personnel : Due to the shortage of fun , a general state of bore has been declared . It shall terminate tomorrow at approximately 5:30 PM ( 5:00 PM in certain localities ) . That is all . 
Attention All Personnel : KJ has successfully cooked a meal : Basalmic Vinagarette Spaghetti . That is all . 
is going to have a little extra sleep today ... Night all ! 
12 hours of sleep . Huzzah ! 
I don't get it < PROPFIRST > , why did you need OT to beat the Chiefs ? Pathetic . Absolutely pathetic . 
I'm slowly learning , slowly moving forward . Every little test is another < PROPMALE > to become a little more true . 
Is heading to Club JPL in a few minutes ... 
16-13 TEXAS ! Ok , I'm done celebrating . 
What was that , < PROPMALE > ( Wo)Manning ? Oh yeah , that was the Saints that just rolled you . Hope you loved that fumble ! 5-0 ! 
CABsters ! If you signed up to table , we will commence tabling at 1 PM sharp and go on all night ( okay , just kidding ; it ends at 3PM ) . Let's get out and promote the Campus Activities Board , our events , Roadrunners Late Night and Proposition 4 ! 
Maybe , I'm so behind , I'm actually AHEAD . Odd . 
will be going to the UTSA Main Campus today to clean up and conquer the CAB office . It might be a good idea to join me if you're a CABster . 
To my fellow CABsters : If you are wondering as to why the office looks quite different , see my last status . :D Would like to thank < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > for taking time out of her weekend to help me , < PROPFEMALE > Hinojosa and < PROPFIRST > McArthur to really whip the CAB office into shape . 
after a tough and spirited attempt to rally our team , the SGA Flag Football team has dropped its playoff game to Flipcyde , ending our season . Regardless , a winning record and a historic playoff win has defined this season as one of the best in SGA history . I'm proud to have coached my fellow collegues tonight ! 
All , good night . Good night , all ! 
BestFest was a < PROPMALE > success ! I should know , I pretty much slept twelve hours straight today . Thanks for y'all coming out to support one of UTSA's many vibrant traditions . 
is ready for the wildest three weeks in his life .... Ah , sweet November . 
well , this highly sucks . I'm getting sick fast , and this is NOT going to be fun . 
is feeling much better ... had to take several hours away from the school day though . Will be fine . 
gah , spoke too soon ... Getting worse again . I'll be fine , just need to go through this . 
If the current Health Care proposal is successful by providing additional coverage whilst reducing the deficit ( or holding it even ) , then I'll go with it . But : This is not the destination . It is merely the impetus to begin the route to a path to reducing the cost of health care and increasing the coverage until everyone is covered , and the cost is more than affordable for all Americans . 
I found out in a letter today that I lost my last surviving grandfather . Had to transfer control of a VOICES project to someone else . Things are really touch and go right now . 
is going to clarify that last statement : is on the old laptop ( old being a 2001 HP ) as his main computer is experiencing seperation anxiety ( parts are breaking ) . This might've been funny if the timing was better . 
Saints are 9-0 , but this is not a very good win , it's just a win . 
Horrifying Realization : The Schedule doesn't fit . hmm 
My grandfather would probably want me to continue with my life . Thus , I will . 
Lessons learned : Keep all friendships if possible . Enjoy Life and don't worry about small things . And a ticked off kid in a childcare center is hilarious ... until a random object is flying at your face . 
Congratulations to < PROPMALE > Frigstad , Fifth Executive Senator of SGA ! 
SAINTS ! 1 0-0 ! 
The days before finals = longest two minute drill . Will be good . 
will be reporting the impersonator to both Student Judicial Affairs as well as to the SAPD . This is not some silly joke . This is people's lives that are being messed with . This is not just my life , but my friends who are harrassed by this imposter . I am not just doing this for me , but I am reporting it for my friends as well , so that they may have peace of mind once again . 
is finding new ways to weather the storms of life . It's time to talk with one another , not at one another . It is only through communication and cooperation can we stand united and accomplish our common goals . 
Farewell , < PROPFIRST > Marrou ! You've been a great anchor at KENS-5 ! 
Happy Thanksgiving to all ! 
ran to the local Valero and then back home to play Grandma's Lotto . Paid with a 20 ( playing 8 dollars ) and got back a ten and a 2 dollar < PROPMALE > . Now that's something you don't see everyday ! 
Lots of work to do , but Saints-Pats tomorrow . Going to be a real test for < PROPFEMALE > . 
In a little under 90 minutes , I will be functionally 22 years old . Officially , that's not until 4:46 PM on 12-1 . Oh , and an early B-day present : SAINTS WIN ! 11-0 BABY ! 
A lovely B-day thus far .... what a breeze ... or Brees that is ... LOL ! Loving the Saints win ... 
Even though there is still two hours left to submit B-Day greetings ( and of course the belated greetings afterwards ) , thanks to all who submitted greetings thus far . I'll try to write thank you responses in some way , but be patient ! 
Schedule for the next ten or so days : Homework , Calling Organizations for FinCom tomorrow , Classes , FinCom , General Assembly , Classes , then Induction for VOICES , SGA Scantron/Coffee giveaway , CAB interview , work on Final Paper and study for two tests . Oddly enough , I can still theroretically earn a 4.0 for the first time ever . I'm probably going to get a 3.5 or 3.75 though , that's far more realistic . 
almost done with classwork with one class ! 
So , < PROPMALE > White is running for Governor . I have to laugh when I think about that cartoon in the < PROPMALE > Chronicle about < PROPMALE > taking two guns to battle < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > ... Two guns that are hair dryers , that is . 
Is not impressed with the win over Nebraska , that crap shouldn't have happened in the first place . 
Free Scantrons/Parscores and Coffee TONIGHT in the JPL ! 10P-1A ! 
Will commence writing a paper on the 9th , and studing for quite simple exams on the 10th . Not that there won't be breaks to play Age of Empires ! 
is stressed , but not from Finals . Hmmph . 
Just bought Windows 7 aka Windows Vista Plus :D < PROPMALE > ' Prez ' DeLeon is good at telling everything like it really is . Windows 7 is indeed Vista Plus :D 
Wow , I still can't believe Annise < PROPMALE > won the Mayoralty for < PROPMALE > . She definitely deserved it after 12 years of hard work in < PROPMALE > Government . 
The Fall 2009 Record : Became a member of CAB , earned Membership in VOICES , became the Interim Website Director , then the Interim Finance Committee Chair in SGA . And I have a feeling that this semster isn't quite over just yet . 
Finals are done ! Yay ! 
Is not panicking on grades . And others shouldn't as well . 
Still not the breakout semester I was looking for , at least on grades . They don't suck though , but so much for the drastic turnaround . My GPA is likely to go up maybe 2/100ths . 
It's an anthemic rock day . 
Just totally took the VIA Metropolitan Transit entry on Wikipedia to a whole new level with color coded tables . 
Starting at about 10PM today , I will begin to prepare to upgrade my system to Windows 7 . I'll try to stay on as much as possible , but you can assume two things if I'm gone for a length of time : Either I went to bed , or I'm wiping my computer out to begin the upgrade process . 
OK . I have found all the necessary installation disks ( OS , Hardware , etc . etc . etc . ) It's time to go offline to install Windows 7 . If I cannot get this thing to work , I'll probably be on my laptop tomorrow morning . 
Has returned to the internet , with a fully complete Windows 7 installation . It's a little cranky booting up , otherwise it's fine . 
is looking for his copy of AOE3 
going to bed , at long last . 
Wow , some people really are sick f -- ks . 
Why , would someone want to burn down a Christmas symbol in Sweden ? 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
Tomorrow marks just 14 days until the start of the Spring 2010 semester ... 
First New Years Resolution : Wear more bow ties . 
OMG ! Congratulations to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > Figueroa on their engagement ! OMG ! 
There will come a time when you have to stand up for what's right , even if you are standing alone . I may stand alone in this battle , but it's time to fight . Nothing left to lose here . 
Even when people are willing to go great lengths , either in malice or in sheer stupidity to ruin the day for you , it is only you who can set up the terms for victory . 
Wow . Texas ! Plenty of time ? 
As for my response about the BCS Title Game : I'm simply no longer interested in College Football rivalries for now ... Because the season's done . Y'all come back in the summer , ya hear ? On to NFL Playoffs . 
One Day and Two Days respectively . Must be ready . 
Congratulations , < PROPFIRST > ! 
Wow , Arizona ! 
Day 2 of the Campaign : At the DT campus . Putting up flyers and posters . Might create some quarter-flyers and hit the Commons for some votes . First two days have been quite successful . Elect Kort \KJ\ " < PROPMALE > for Student Body Treasurer on January 19-20 at Banner ASAP ! " 
BREAKING NEWS : The Campaign Facebook Group has 100 members ! Let's keep it up ! Elect Kort \KJ\ " < PROPMALE > for Student Body Treasurer on January 19-20 at Banner ASAP ! " 
If you want to know , you might elect to ask me . Just keep it reasonable . http://www.formspring.me/kortjackson 
The Campaign has had a strong first week , so let's keep it up ! Elect KJ as SGA Treasurer on Banner ASAP 1-19 and 1-20 ! 
Is creating a new campaign ad . Will post the first two on Facebook here soon , and the third one will join the other two on Youtube ! 
Congratulations , New Orleans ! 
Completed third ad , will upload it soon . Planning on a strong finish to this campaign . 
is writing something . Perhaps I should observe an idea of < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , and write at least 2000 words a day . 
Great season < PROPFIRST > , and Congratulations Minnesota . Vikings vs . Saints in the SUPERDOME ! Going to be a good game . 
Just over 24 hours until the start of voting on Banner ASAP ! Tell all your friends to vote and elect Kort \KJ\ " < PROPMALE > for SGA Treasurer on Tuesday and Wednesday ! " 
Less than 9 hours until start of voting on Banner ASAP ! Tell all your friends to vote and elect Kort \KJ\ " < PROPMALE > for SGA Treasurer on Tuesday and Wednesday ! " 
Less than 3 hours until the start of voting on Banner ASAP ! Tell all your friends to vote and elect Kort \KJ\ " < PROPMALE > for SGA Treasurer on Tuesday and Wednesday ! " 
Voting has begun on Banner ASAP ! Tell all your friends to go to Banner ASAP and elect Kort \KJ\ " < PROPMALE > for SGA Treasurer Today and Wednesday ! " 
Still 36 hours to vote ! Vote on Banner ASAP and elect Kort \KJ\ " < PROPMALE > as your next SGA Treasurer ! " 
Little over a day left to vote : Vote on Banner ASAP and elect Kort \KJ\ " < PROPMALE > as your next SGA Treasurer . " 
Less than twelve hours remain ! Go to Banner ASAP now and elect Kort \KJ\ " < PROPMALE > as your next SGA Treasurer ! " 
Less than two hours remain to vote ! Go to Banner ASAP now and elect Kort \KJ\ " < PROPMALE > as your next SGA Treasurer . " 
Voting has ended . Thank you for all your support ! Election Results will be at 3PM , most likely the front of the SGA office at the tables in the UC Paseo ( weather permitting ) . Keep your ears out for a event invitation by my campaign ! Again , thank you so much for your hard work and votes ! 
I want to thank everyone who supported my campaign .... WE DID IT ! 
First weekend as Treasurer : Clean the house up a little , go to UTSA tomorrow and help fellow SGAers build the ShantyTown model , then get ready for full week of classes . Also , plan out schedule to include several hours dedicated to procuring and working on Concerns ( 1604 and DT ) . Also work on LeaderFUND stuff . 
SAINTS ! TO THE SUPERBOWL ! HALLELUJAH ! 
Rewrote the LeaderFUND guidelines to be more concise ( although all the information is the same ) and will be drafting a LeaderFUND intro letter soon . The new LeaderFUND form is completed and is ready for review at the Finance Committee . Next is the preparation of the Expense Report for January 2010 . 
Doppelgänger week ! Change your profile picture to someone famous you have been told you look like then cut/paste this to your status . 
First full week as Treasurer done ! New LeaderFUND form will go into effect on Monday , February 1 , 2010 . Any applications submitted prior can still use the old form(s ) . Also on tap : A \Pre-approval form\ " which will allow organizations to present their ideas beforehand to ensure LeaderFUND compliance ( but will not serve to < PROPMALE > allocations ) and can be used as evidence that prior consultation did take place . " 
thinks it's time for you to gain a unique perspective of UTSA ! JOIN SGA ! 
Just found out my < PROPFEMALE > mater may not have made it to State in Academic Decathlon for the first time since the early 90's . I'm in shock right now . 
Congratulations to < PROPFEMALE > Day O'Connor High School for winning your first Regional Title in school history ! Mr. < PROPFIRST > is undoubtably proud of your guys up above ! 
Congratulations to < PROPFEMALE > Day O'Connor High School for winning your first < PROPMALE > Regional Title in school history ! Mr. < PROPFIRST > is undoubtably proud of your guys up above ! 
is serving some office hours at the Downtown Campus . Got any concerns ? Visit the SGA DT HQ at the Student Activities Downtown Office in the Durango Building . ( Will be here ' til 2:30 PM ) 
Going to bed ... long day ! 
The Who = Awesome staying power . The stage effects help too . 
For so long , so much suffering finally ends tonight . SAINTS Super Bowl XLIV Champions ! 
is now a pledge in the < PROPFEMALE > Gamma < PROPFEMALE > chapter of < PROPFEMALE > Phi < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Apparently , that spare ticket has gone AWOL ... I hope someone didn't filch it . Disregard the fact I have a spare ticket for now . 
working on that announcement ... 
Note to < PROPFIRST > Beck : Do us Texans a favor and stay out of our politics . 
Will be officially filing for Treasurer tomorrow . Thanks and stop pestering me . ;D 
has voted early in the 2010 Texas Primaries . Proof positive that college students actually give a s- ... oh wait , I gave up profanity for lent . 
Just a few hours left to cast your vote for Mr. and Ms. UTSA ! Go online to Banner ASAP now and vote ! 
Listening to Midnight Oil and * trying * to get stuff done . 
RIP < PROPMALE > T . Nygreen , P h.D. 
It's snowing @ UTSA . No rain mix , no sleet , just plain SNOW ! Took me 22 years , 2 months and 23 days to finally see unadulterated snow first hand ! 
And the footrace begins ! RE-ELECT KJ FOR TREASURER ON MARCH 9 and 10 on BANNER ASAP ! Keep to the Basics ... NOW MORE THAN EVER ! 
I know that people are taking sides in this election , either choosing to support < PROPMALE > or < PROPMALE > , and their teams . While I think < PROPMALE > Horvilleur and < PROPMALE > Frigstad are competent and qualified canidates , I'm fighting to keep my job . 
The Downtown Campus Kick-off went great ! Saw some familiar faces and some new faces . Not bad for an event with incredibly little notice ! 
In an election , you have to win every week , day and minute just to have a < PROPMALE > . Debating on what to do tomorrow ... 
Kort < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > is exhausted and at home , yet is excited for my new Big < PROPFIRST > V . Roig and Grandbig < PROPMALE > Plascencia Jr ! 
Is getting inspiration for his next couple of online video ads ... and is ready to begin a new plan for campaigning . Regardless of winning or losing , lack of trying will not be a factor in my campaign . 
Great job Canada . 
Five hours until Monday . On Monday I will be meeting with no fewer than three organizations with more possibly on the way . This is it . The campaign depends on the next three days . I'm praying that on March 11th , I'll still have a job , or at least another < PROPMALE > to secure it . 
Monday : Take Home test , meet and greet , talk to some organizations , hopefully secure endorsements , try to survive until Tuesday . 
Spoke to two organizations today , in contact with two more , scheduled to speak with at least one tomorrow . Also got a < PROPMALE > to speak at the Candidates Meet-and-Greet , received very enthusiastic applause . We might just have a < PROPMALE > . Next two days are the make and break . Momentum is what will determine how this election will break . 
Congratulations to < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > White . Should be a very good race . 
Wow . Quite a few Republican State House Members ate it in the primary ... Trying to tally it all up ... 
BREAKING CAMPAIGN NEWS : Kort \KJ\ " < PROPMALE > to terminate campaign for Treasurer and begin Write-In Campaign for Liberal and Fine Arts Senator . " 
is now running as a Write-In for COLFA Senator . Write-In Kort < PROPMALE > , jaxforusall.utsa@gmail.com on the Write-In line for COLFA Senator on March 9-10 , 2010 and lets send KJ back to the Senate ! 
Just got his first men's bow tie in the mail ... 
Wants to thank everyone for supporting him and his COLFA Senate Write-In Bid . Because of your help , we are returning to the Senate ! 
Pleasant Surprise : No incumbent Senator that ran for re-election lost their seat , AFAIK . 
If Volunteering is a job you love , you'll never have to work to volunteer . 
Happy Saint < PROPFIRST>'s Day ! 
Boldest pick I've ever made for March Madness : < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > St. over Syracuse . Final Four schools are Kansas , Syracuse , New Mexico and SHSU . 
so , this City Council election in 2011 might be quite interesting ... ;) 
Well , now that my pick of UNM is out , and Kansas falling , my bracket's dead ... I'm hoping Duke and Syracuse win out , with Syracuse making the final . That's about the only way this bracket will get any more points . On the other hand , my bracket for the Women's tournament seems to be fairly decent . 
As we move from the end of March to the beginning of April , It is my goal to rebound and outperform my performance during the first four weeks as a pledge in APO . 
So , I'm searching tents for APO days ... and one of the search results involved a automated litter box for cats . Thanks Walmart for subtly suggesting I bring my two domesticated cats who will shred whatever tent I buy in three and a half seconds . 
I really am pissed off at all these posts on FB bitching non stop about health care . I can probably state with certainty that most of those who are bitching about it has not read the < PROPMALE > in its entirety or even began to mull over the < PROPMALE > . Try using < PROPFIRST > ( the search engine for < PROPMALE > s of congress ) and READ IT ! That's what the service is PROVIDED FOR ! 
Last day to vote on the Senior Senator Run-off election between < PROPFIRST > Garcia , < PROPFIRST > \Chris\ " Lyon and < PROPFIRST > \ " Josh\ " < PROPMALE > . Please help us fill these two vacant seats by going to ASAP and voting before midnight ! " 
Wow ... I have the highest potential for points remaining in the Women's BB Tournament Bracket challenge for the Rec ... that's a good thing ! 
I hear today that a < PROPMALE > electronics company will release their newest invention : T.S.P.O.S.T.D.D.T.D.T.I.S.T. Details at 2PM . 
Will not be at the University Life Awards tonight ... I've got a sinus infection that seems to have just gotten worse . This sucks . And no , this is not an April Fool's joke . 
Okay , I would have just gotten RickRolled if I wasn't like , TOTALLY IMMUNE because I like the song . 
Congratulations to all of those who won a University Life Award tonight ! I apologize for not being there , but I am still sick . Sadly , I have to be in school tomorrow for a project rehearsal and a Saturday service project . Hopefully I'll feel better ( or functional enough ) . 
Likes Coach K and all , but I'm really wanting a second helping of Hooisers . GO BUTLER GO ! 
Wow . Butler came back FAST . was 26-20 Duke , now 28-27 Duke . This one looks to be one humdinger of a game . 
Congratulations to Duke University and Coach K . And please don't bother me with any more talk about March Madness . 
WOW . Second Place in the Women's Tourney Bracket challenge for Campus Rec . Not bad for something I pretty much picked out in ten minutes . 
Last week of pledging for APO ... hours , study hours , interviews , socials , banquet , APO days ( STILL not sure if I can go ) . Oh , and a paper is due Thursday . 
Congratulations to Lefty ( < PROPMALE > Mickelson ) for winning the Masters . Tiger winning would still have been cool , but to see Mickelson struggle for so long and finally win again is a feelgood story we've been needing . 
Pledge Class Banquet today ! Forget the Doctor , I'm going in a surprise getup . :D :D :D :D :D 
Is picking up some Australian Politics books at the JPL . Bit of a pet project of mine . 
So , thanks to a blue drape , I became < PROPFIRST > Atreides from Dune . Nice homage , but it was still a Fail . Entertaining , but still a Fail . Oh well , as long as the Pledge banquet was a success ( and it was ! ) , might as well suffer a slightly bruised ego . 
Congratulations to my fellow brothers of < PROPFEMALE > Kappa class who crossed , I hope to join you all on Wednesday ! 
Current Polling by Rassmussen shows < PROPFIRST > at 48 percent , just four ahead of White at 44 percent . Previous polling showed < PROPFIRST > and White at different amounts , but always < PROPFIRST > plus 6 . With a narrowing this early , this race IS a tossup . 
Just 90 minutes ... and then the rest of my life will be totally different :D :D :D :D :D 
Is now officially a neophyte active in the < PROPFEMALE > Gamma < PROPFEMALE > chapter in < PROPFEMALE > Phi < PROPFEMALE > . Many a day I wondered if I could say that . Now , I can ; but without help from my brothers , I would not be able to . Thanks guys and gals . 
That was some gritty play , but the Spurs take the 2-1 advantage . 
Is at Four Points Hotel near UTSA waiting for the < PROPFEMALE > Phi < PROPFEMALE > - < PROPFEMALE > Gamma < PROPFEMALE > Chapter Actives Banquet to start . 
Wow . APO-AGO Actives Banquet was totally awesome , rad , and just about every adjective you can think of in a positive manner . May we all move forward and ultimately continue and expand our union in peace and brotherhood in this upcoming semester , may our recruitment net many fine examples and emulations of our ideals and creed , and may we work together to fufill our goals and dreams . 
YAY Spurs ! 3-1 ... < PROPFIRST > Hill is a badass ! 
Well , damn . Good try Spurs . We still have two attempts left to take the series , technically it's still three , but how do you get twenty points behind with a quarter left and win ? Better yet , demonstrate how to fix that . 
Two attempts left to finish the Mavs . And Najera with ANOTHER flagrant . Can't the Mavs like , win cleanly as opposed to killing our players ? This is basketball , not Sparta . 
YES ! Spurs become first #7 seed to win a best of seven series ! On to the Conference Semis ! 
is considering perhaps rejoining CAB . Won't know until August if I can , but I'll leave the door open . 
The last week of school for the 2009-2010 year ... Two finals left , and studying is fairly easy . 
Dammit Spurs ! AGAIN ? The hell ? 
The Finals are done , the excitement of grades is soon , but tonight , it's Election Night ... going to watch this interesting three-way matchup in the UK . 
eh , last comment was not premature or early , but I figured that wouldn't be in the best of tastes . Not wise to advertise . Maybe later I'll reinstate that status . 
I am fully certain now that the elections results from the UK make little sense at all . 
Sooo ... It's summertime . Yea . Time for a few more days rest , then time to start planning out quite many issues and things . 
It would seem that every time I try to like something on TIME from Facebook , I can't get the right < PROPFEMALE > to be liked . Hmph . 
Well , it didn't take long : Senator < PROPFIRST > F . < PROPMALE > of Utah will not return to the Senate upon the end of his term in 2011 . < PROPMALE > is the first sitting senator this term to lose a primary ( although the Utah GOP convention has interesting rules that could cause someone to lose a primary without a primary election ) . 
I am in the process of retooling my campaign site for a new project . It seems that even after you win a election , you're still campaigning . Except this campaign is for COLFA . 
Happy Mother's Day to all moms in the world , especially my own ! 
Yay , my GPA actually is going to go UP despite a so-so semester ?! Nice . 
Okay , time for bed now ... Been running behind all day . 
Please excuse what just happened ... I'm wondering if some of my friends got their accounts hacked ... 
Okay y'all , I'm going to bed . If there's any hijinks , I'll take care of that in the morning . 
Listening to The Airborne Toxic Event , \ 
it's good music to pass the time and to help get through entering stuff into spreadsheets and word documents for personal references ( or even for work ! ) 
Correction : Just because one song was good may \ 
mean the rest of the album isn't as great . 
KY : Rand < PROPFIRST > is trumping < PROPMALE > Grayson 62-35 , while Conaway is beating Mongiardo 56-32 . Only 6 of Kentucky's 120 counties have reported . No results for < PROPFEMALE > or AR . 
While it is not normally my policy to call a race with less than half of the counties reporting minimum , it's certain Rand < PROPFIRST > has taken the GOP nomination for the U.S. Senate seat in Kentucky . Conway is still leading big over Mongiardo for the DEM nomination in same race , but Mongiardo has been closing the gap bit by bit . Not calling that half just yet . Far too little votes counted to make any sense in < PROPFEMALE > or AR . 
Wow , lots of different result charts with varying < PROPFIRST > ... < PROPFIRST > Orenge and I trying to figure out who is winning in Pennsylvania . One site shows Sestak , one shows a near dead tie , one shows a lead for Specter . Good grief . 
This just in : Conway has apparently all but wrapped up the Democratic nomination for KY-Senate . 
Well , it is time for bed . Lots done yesterday and today , more to be done later today . 
It's Sunday morning , and it's most certainly time for bed . Good night to you all , and here's for a brand new week that's better than last week ! 
Wow ! I have 1,337 friends ... loling at the \1337speak\ " reference . " 
Well , here goes ... I'm probably going to add a minor in either Political Science or in Economics , and will likely apply for that minor sometime this week . So which one ? Would like some input . 
Damn proud to be an ???! 
Let's go Suns ! You wanted the freaking Lakers after you whooped us , we Spurs fans at least expect you to take them out for a very good spin ! 
Yay Suns ! Series Tied ! 
Just had the best shower this year so far .... Colder showers really do feel better . 
Today is Wednesday , and with it , my decision . While I am still considering the additional financial cost of adopting additional classes , I will file a change in degree plan to factor a minor in Economics . This was not an easy decision at all , but there are some economic classes that also focus on the history of the subject , which will segue nicely in my degree plan . 
Wow , you mean < PROPMALE > Artest is useful in other areas not concerning starting a brawl ? Whoopedeefracking do . I still see this a seven game series . 
Going back to UTSA on June 1 ( Tuesday ) . Will\ 
be on campus most of the day ( 10ish-5 ) . 
Rest in Peace , < PROPFIRST > Wooden .... arguably the best coach out there in collegiate basketball , if not the best coach in basketball full stop . 
So , if people were wondering why I haven't been on until now since early Saturday night , my keyboard ate it . Using a very old one that hardly works until I can get a replacement . Quite possibly the most frustrating 16 past hours of my summer thus far . 
To succeed , I've found the best chances are via putting your faith in God and speaking nothing but the unadorned truth . 
Going to UTSA in the morning . 
Well , I'm continuing with my primary commentary for tonight . If people are interested in reading this , let me know by liking this status or leaving a comment . You'll get tagged in the Note containing the commentary , and just refresh the note for updates ! 
YES ! Chicago Blackhawks have won the < PROPMALE > cup ! 
Very Nice ... ENG vs . USA 1-1 Draw ... Better to just take the point and get the heck out of dodge on that match ... 
3-2 Celtics ! 
At UTSA for a little bit longer , then heading home . Very long day . 
Friends , be glad I have friends to talk me down . 
Well , I suppose congratulations another NBA season . Now , time to prepare for the draft , the Spurs have two decent pick slots , and they have worked wonders before with mid to late draft picks ( < PROPFIRST > Hill , DeJuan < PROPFIRST > , Manu Ginobilli , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ) . If I were to pick for the Spurs , I would go for < PROPMALE > Hayward of Butler , if he's still in the draft . Not sure on the other pick , maybe a strong center . 
Hopefully now I can go to bed . :D 
eh , time for bed . 
Finally ! \ 
Team USA pulls their collective noggins out of their ass ! 
Apparently , I'm very good at cooking . I have yet to ruin anything I've made on a stove . 
WHAT ? < PROPFIRST > Rudd booted as Aussie Prime Minister ? But < PROPFIRST > Rudd was Ruddical ! Must be rancid catnip or something . 
Anyway , congratulations to < PROPFEMALE > Gillard for becoming the first female Prime Minister of the Commonwealth of Australia ! Too bad it had to come at the expense of < PROPFIRST > Rudd . 
Okay , so after having another night with no regular sleep pattern , I spent the time to finally commit to memory how to tie a windsor knot in a standard tie . That was exceptionally difficult and very frustrating , especially when I got the mechanics going but the tie didn't end up even remotely even on both tails . Now I think I got it . 
While this is a month early , I wish all four UTSA Greek Life Councils ( and their chapters ) ( IFC , PHC , MGC and NPHC ) , and all professional and honors fraternities/societies the best of luck and success in their recruitment processes ! I know that 2010-2011 will be one of the most successful years for Greek Life and all Greek letters at UTSA ! 
When will Texas ever go back to the days of the Richards/Bullock , Bush/Bullock , Bush/Perry and Perry/Ratliff days ? A lot of things got done then . 
Congratulations to Spain for winning the World Cup . < PROPFEMALE > la Espana y El < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > ! ( I think that's correct , haven't taken Spanish in over 5 years , so don't kill the messenger ... :o ) 
It's 5AM , and I need to get some sleep . NOW . 
Time for bed and sleep . 
Debating on whether or not to go to UTSA-Main Campus . Think it's time for a visit , but not sure if I'm up to the eighty-five minute bus commute to and from . But there is plenty of objectives I do need to accomplish today , and that includes a fairly critical one at the campus . Guess I'm going . 
Children\ 
with special needs don't have an illness , so there is no cure and it's not\ 
contagious . they want what we all want : to be accepted . Most of you\ 
probably won't copy and paste this , but will you do it and leave it on\ 
your status for at least an hour ? It's Special Education week , and this\ 
is in honor of all the kids who need our acceptance . \ 
( BTW , future teacher here , so that's why this is important to me . ) 
This week has been a very good week so far . Finished all of the financial aid paperwork , got some new clothes to wear ( so I don't have just blue shirts all the time ) , and it appears that I'm going to have a very filled schedule for the next month preparing for the new semester . To borrow a phrase from Dr. < PROPFIRST > Beckett : \Oh boy ! \ " May even need to borrow a few Quantum Leaps too while I'm at it . " 
I am actually enjoying this blase part of my life where I am old enough to know better on what to say , but too young to care , but just barely managing to get what I say right without seriously pissing anyone off . 
Now , there is such a concept of dry humor , but is there such a thing as wet humor ? Or is that something just happens in a magical fantasia place such as Xanth ? Of course , if I actually slept last night , I wouldn't be pondering this . 
After a afternoon nap and a shower before going to bed , \ 
I have come to the conclusion that wet humor occurs when dry humor \ 
( deadpan ) is attempted in a water-filled environment . This is entirely \ 
in line with the concept of the existence of puns in Xanth , if one type exists \ 
and there is a theoretical equivalent , both must exist in Xanth . And I \ 
only read one of those books to figure that out . 
Two days until the return to UTSA ... Plenty of stuff on Wednesday that has to be done . 
Yes ! Congratulations to Jari Askins for winning the Democratic Primary for Governor of Oklahoma ! 
Song of the Now : O.A.R. - Shattered ( Turn this Car Around ) 
I've come to the conclusion that sleeping in on Sundays is a very bad thing to do ... it's time to figure out how to go to church again . :D 
Apparently , I'm going back to the campus tomorrow . Huzzah ! 
Holy crap ... They're saying former Senator < PROPMALE > Stevens possibly died in a plane crash ... I may not always have had a positive opinion of Mr. Stevens , but nobody deserves to die like that . It's not certain as of now if Stevens is in fact deceased , but it certainly seems surreal enough to be true . 
Another Tuesday , another set of primaries , this time CO , CT , MN and the runoffs in GA . Going to be some humdingers tonight . 
Preparing for the new semester ... I'm going to have to define what my priorities are this semester . I've allowed too many distractions this past semester . 
Yay ! No more worrying about financial aid ! All is well , it seems . Now time to finally eat , haven't had anything to eat today . 
Tomorrow marks seven days before the start of Fall 2010 . Still got several things to do before that happens : Attend meetings , serve in the Fall Convocation 2010 , check out ( and eventually purchase ) the books I need for next semester , get ready for APO and SGA . 
If\ 
you had a birthday the past few days , sorry if I didn't write on your \ 
wall ... I have been incredibly busy dealing with school logistics , and \ 
feel free to accept this status as a belated birthday wish ! 
Ok , enough late night chatter on FB ... Need to save the late night for Saturday early early morning to watch Australian Election results ... Go < PROPFEMALE > Gillard and ALP ! 
Alrighty , got to get away from the PC for a while ... Be back about 5PM at the latest . 
At UTSA getting ready for Convocation ceremony practice . Also can't wait for tonight and the Australian Election 2010 ... I'm with < PROPFEMALE > and the ALP ! 
Getting ready for my second straight Fall Convocation as a student marshal ... 
New School Year . New Semester . Start it off right with a good focus on academics and get involved on campus ... and < PROPFEMALE > Phi < PROPFEMALE > is a great way to get involved !!!! 
Today is the first day of classes ! Do Work all Semester ! 
Waiting for the next bus to go home ... feeling a bit off . 
Feeling MUCH better . Having a four day weekend every week in a sense really does help too . After eight semesters of having enough stress , I am blessed to have the schedule I have !!! And even if you don't have four days off a week ... RUSH < PROPFEMALE > Phi < PROPFEMALE > ! 
< PROPFIRST > V . Roig and Co : Have a good time at the BBQ ... wish I could be there ... Need to get some rest , felt terrible on Thursday and I'm still not quite well yet . 
< PROPMALE > , we have a problem ... though a good one at that ! GO TEXANS !!!! ( Still largely a Saints fan , but seeing < PROPFIRST > Jones ' team getting taken to the woodshed is epic win . ) 
As I go to bed , I leave you all with a daily reason why rushing APO was a good idea : Reason #1 : I likely would have never been to the Central Library downtown . 
As I go to bed , I leave you all with a daily reason why rushing APO was a good idea , and perhaps and inspiration of why you should rush too : Reason #1 : If it wasn't for APO , I likely would have never been to the Central Library downtown and hold a funny shaped book aptly named \Tilt . \"" 
Another day , another reason to join APO : Without APO , I probably would not have gone to < PROPFEMALE>'s Bakery and Cafe and had one of the best breakfast platters I've had so far in my life . Sadly , no picture of that exists , so take my word for it . 
Less than ninety minutes left to file for a place on the Fall 2010 SGA Ballot ! 
For the first time since Fall of last year , I will not be putting up flyers , posting facebook ads , updating facebook groups , merging campaign website updates or just run ragged trying to get votes . And that's something I'm actually grateful for : a break . Still will be able to cast a vote in this election , and I look forward to working with all the future Senators , especially the to be Senator-elect from COLFA ! 
Another day , another reason to join APO : The < PROPFEMALE > Gamma < PROPFEMALE > Chapter at UTSA recorded the 4,000 th service project in the National database of projects ! 
For the ladies : If you are interested in joining < PROPFEMALE > Omicron Pi , < PROPFEMALE > Sigma < PROPFEMALE > , Gamma Phi Beta , Zeta Tau < PROPFEMALE > , Sigma Kappa or Phi Mu ( PHC sororities ) , the last day to register for PHC recruitment is today ! < PROPMALE > props to the Rho Gamma sisters for their hard work , and you can always ask them about more details ! 
Congratulations to the Rho Gammas and PHC for a successful registration process ! Best wishes to the PHC sororities for recruitment week ! Also , best wishes to IFC , MGC and NPHC Greek organizations for their upcoming events ! 
For what it appears , the ALP has got the gong . Good luck Prime Minister Gillard ! 
Yay ! Saints win , but they need to turn up the offense a < PROPMALE > . 
< PROPFEMALE > Phi < PROPFEMALE > Speed Greet in the Anaqua Room ( UC II , left of the Retama Auditorium ) at 7:00 PM ! Come and meet the members of UTSA only Co-Ed Service Fraternity ! GO APO ! 
APO Speed Greet was awesome ! Thanks to all potential members who attended ! We have one more informational before Induction Ceremonies , and this informational is on Monday , 6:30 PM at the UC Ski Lodge ! This is the last < PROPMALE > to gain some information directly ( in a meeting format ) from the chapter prior to deciding on whether or not to attend an Induction Ceremony ! 
Going to bed now ... bit of a long day tomorrow in the sense . 
Congratulations to all PHC sororities and their sisters on their impending Bid Days . I wish all the newcomers to ???, ???, ???, ZTA , ?? and ?? only the best wishes in your journey for sisterhood ! Also , good luck to all IFC , NPHC and MGC on their recruitment programs ! Last but not least , I can't wait for APO Pledge Induction Ceremonies ! It's a great time to go Greek ! 
Has been effectively cleaning out a email box with over 3000 unread messages . In just under an hour , I've knocked that number down to 1900 or so . Needless to say , much much better to look at . 
Voting is open for Senators and the Poll question on Alcohol at Chili's Too ! Voting continues through Wednesday at 11:59 PM ! As a Senator , I have no formal opinion on the poll , except that I fully support you voting in this election ! As a student , I fully believe its time that we reopen our perceptions to potentially allowing alcohol on campus . 
HOLY $# ! ^ ! Castle lost in Delaware . 
After the first day of pledge inductions , we have seven newly minted pledges ! At least two more ceremonies to go ! 
Two more fabulous pledges to the < PROPFEMALE > Gamma < PROPFEMALE > Chapter of < PROPFEMALE > Phi < PROPFEMALE > ! We're on our way , still have at least one more Pledge Ceremony , so check the boards and emails for details ! At the AGO chapter of APO , the future is NOW ! 
I just finished writing a note about this week and something I saw , totally unrelated yet so true , so pure , so good . Something my fellow closest friends may not see , but I know they will see it all too soon . One day , I will share this note , and it's my hope that some sense is made of it . 
After for so many years , As The World Turns will be ending today . My grandmother is not pleased . 
We have at least ONE last Pledge Ceremony tomorrow ! Please check the Pledge Group on Facebook and Message Board on campus for details ! 
Did you Know : In the ' 06 election when < PROPFEMALE > Sekula-Gibbs lost , people were forced to write-in her name on the ballot . In Texas , it does not be exact to suffice , in fact the name < PROPFEMALE > Dracula(bleep ) Gibs works . This is all interesting and germane when it comes to Alaska , especially now that Senator Murkowski is attempting a write-in bid . No word yet if a Write-in vote for \Frank M . ' s Daughter\ " will actually work . " 
Good night ... 
Okay , trying this Dryel thing . If it works , I just saved myself close to forty bucks on drycleaning . If it does nothing , I'm out only eight bucks , and at worst , I just bleeped up 150 bucks . 
Results from Dryel : The dark suit came out with less wrinkles , smells clean and the pants don't look like they've been saturated with rain water . The light pants from another suit was a dud , Dryel did not take out the dried up lake of spilt tea . Still , for a $8.00 investment , I saved $25 bucks . 
Oh screw it . I've tried reformatting that message about the Pledge Ceremony tomorrow , just contact me or an active for details . Facebook and this cold is kicking my ass . 
Damn , Saints had their hands full this game . Saints didn't play badly at all , rather , the 49ers seem to be growing up fast under < PROPFIRST > Singletary . Hartley is clearly the bloke of the week though ! 
Alright , I'm going on the next bus series to attend my final class of the day . Got to redeem the last part of the day so it's not a complete wash . This cold is finally under control . 
Yesterday was for a lack of a better term , absolute fail . Missed my first two classes , show up to my third only to get a not particular good batch of news . Not going into details , as it's been fixed and we're all moving on . 
Back home from the SGA Retreat ... 
Dammit < PROPMALE > Texans , what the hell is this crap ? And Saints , SERIOUSLY ?!? you had to gag on that game with Atlanta ? Oi ! 
Five Days to Big/Little Surprise .... Totally stoked ! 
Going to take a quick nap . Tired as heck . 
Just thanked everyone I could identify on my SGA Memory sheet from the Retreat . 
Four Days until Big/Little Surprise ! 
Because of another incident of a shooting at UT , I cannot deny the fact that we need some form of CHL campus < PROPFEMALE > to defend ourselves . As messed up as it is , the responsible need to step up and help those who serve and protect . If nothing else , we need another robust debate with solid research before making such a decision . For now , I'm for it . 
As I looked back on what I've said today , I've realized that the events that unfolded today at UT-Austin has stirred up my < PROPFEMALE > ancestry , and I've said some rather irrational things earlier today . I don't normally backtrack on < PROPMALE > issues , but on this one I am going to partially walk it back : I am in support of a debate on this issue of CHL < PROPFEMALE > . Previously , I wouldn't have even entertained that thought . 
Tomorrow : Big/Little Surprise . Going to bed after a tiring day at my observation school . Great group of students , but they can and will run mental circles around you , given the < PROPMALE > ! 
Today : Big/Little Surprise . Brain still gone haywire . Next Wednesday I must be more mentally prepared . Literally . 
Yay ! I have a little ! Hooray for < PROPFIRST > Tomlinson , my new little ! And that means that < PROPMALE > Plascencia Jr is now a great grand-big ! < PROPFIRST > V . Roig also has a new little ! The < PROPMALE > family is getting bigger ! 
Neoconservatism is a disease that is killing < PROPFEMALE > , it is killing our right to think and our right to believe in what we want , and I fear for this country . Many GOP candidates portray themselves as slightly right of center , but they are controlled by the agenda . We must keep them from power . Otherwise , say hi again to segregation , misogyny and God only knows what . 
Apparently , today I tried to think in a creatively logical way , and I've seemingly got people pissed off again . Whoops . 
Final amount of damage done to the monster that is the unregistered voter bloc : 1,603 voters registered for a damage amount that is OVER 9000 . Yes , I'm a nerd . Deal with it . 
* Sigh * Everyone seems to be getting into relationships . Except me . Same old , same old . I'm only getting older . This is kinda beginning to stink . 
Alrighty , after a night of quite < PROPFIRST > commentary from friends , I think I'm going to school to get done with my projects . Having to radically rearrange my day too ... should be interesting . 
Tomorrow : Back to the Fun that is Field Experience . Then Class and APO ! Yay ! 
AHA ! I know what these weird status updates are about ! LOL . 
Ok , time for bed . Moved field experience to Friday again . These projects are seriously kicking my butt . Will GREATLY enjoy the weekend . 
I apologize for my status I wrote in the past 20 minutes . I will not be retiring or resigning , and I intend to serve my full term in SGA . I will have to think for a very long time if I want to continue beyond this year . I realize I have my issues , and these problems are precisely why I shouldn't be leading an organization , and why I am not doing so currently . 
Time for bed , with no set time to be up , YAY ! 
KJ On TXST : It's not that I hate everything that is Texas State . I love the architecture , especially the interior design . I love the football stadium , I love the library , I love the programming and I have a lot of friends who go there . Even the teachers seem decent . But , because I go to UTSA , I love everything here , which means I embrace the rules of rivalry , of which there is only one : BEAT TEXAS STATE ! 
Well , looks like I'm stuck at home again . Another APO I couldn't go to as a result . This stinks , bad . 
On November 2 , we have a < PROPMALE > to fix Texas . For 10 years , we’ve been governed by a Governor who’s done nothing but allow deficits to arise , take stimulus funds for the sole purpose of balancing our budget , watch as schools continue to sink and has financed what little stability we have today in return for a future of ruin . On 11/2 , vote an A-P-B ( Anti-Perry-Ballot ) and get Texas in front again ! 
IF ANYONE likes the game Bejeweled 2 , you can get it free ( full version too ! ) from PopCap games today until 10PM Pacific Time ( Midnight here in San < PROPFIRST > ) !!! Hurray for ten years of Bejeweled ! 
NOTICE : I will not be reachable by Facebook for at LEAST until 3 PM Monday . I have several tasks I must work on , and that includes updating my computer and my website . Therefore , please do not have a < PROPMALE > freakout . If there is rancid debating going on on a particular comment thread on my profile , please send me an email if you know the address , I'll handle it . 
Technically , I have < PROPMALE > Day off by default due to no classes , but I'm going to the campus anyway . 
Today , I am announcing that I will be beginning the process of moving my Senate site from 110mb hosting to GoDaddy hosting . This process will take about two weeks at most ( allowing for events ) but the site should still be up until the time of the actual switch . If there is extended downtime , I apologize in advance . 
PIGS HAVE FLOWN ! HELL HAS FROZEN OVER ! THE SAINTS WON THE SUPERBOWL AND THE TEXAS RANGERS HAVE WON A PLAYOFF SERIES ! 
Hosting a Meet and Greet in the SGA office on Thursday . If you've got any issues with UTSA , please feel free to talk with me on Thursday , or any day for that matter . 
Bit late , but thank you < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > for your service as Premier of New Brunswick . I don't normally thank pols for their service , but this is a rare exception : Many people believe his legacy will be negative , but I believe that in due course people will recognize him for being the first to call for self-sufficiency . I already have , because I believe UTSA should be self-sufficient as well . 
WOW . The < PROPFIRST > Morning News and San < PROPFIRST > Express News both broke from endorsing < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > and instead chose < PROPMALE > White . At it's weakest , it's symbolic . At it's most potent , we have change on the horizon . 
I'm going to the campus in less than thirty minutes to Early Vote for < PROPMALE > White , < PROPFEMALE > Chavez-Thompson , ( vote for Atty . Gen . is personal ) , < PROPFEMALE > Combs , < PROPFIRST > Patterson , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > Weems . Kinda ironic because in 2006 I only voted for two Democrats in the big 7 ( < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > ) , now I'm only voting for two Republicans ( so far ) in the big 7 in 2010 . Pretty solid flip . 
Oh alright , I give up on trying to figure that out . On to the next enigma . 
Hmm . Turnout is up in all < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > area counties ( < PROPMALE > , Montgomery , Fort Bend and Galveston ) , Bexar , < PROPFIRST > , Williamson the < PROPFIRST > area counties ( < PROPFIRST > , Tarrant , < PROPMALE > and Denton ) and the Gulf Coast/RGV belt ( Hidalgo , < PROPFIRST > and Nueces ) . Only El Paso is bucking the trend . This could cut either way for either < PROPFIRST > or White based on distribution . 
I am rather excited to be working on my revamped online < PROPFEMALE > for my senate office ! should be very nice . 
Rangers ! Rangers ! World Series ! 
Now\ 
that I'm a bit more calmed down : It is worth noting that the New York \ 
Yankees played a good series and they are a good team . This is a team \ 
that knocked off a sitting World Series champion last year and they are \ 
arguably tougher to defeat when defending a title , in my opinion . This \ 
could possibly have gone the other way . Fortunately , it didn't and the Rangers worked to get to the World Series . 
That's it ! FIRE < PROPMALE > BROWN ! FIRE < PROPMALE > BROWN ! 
I'm a bit upset that I will not make it to Up Til < PROPFEMALE > this year . It was a blast to go last year , and I'm sure this year's will be epic . Here's hoping , praying and pre-planning next fall to try my damnedest to go back in the Fall next year . 
Ok , every few days I'll be offering a map of Texas with counties colored for < PROPFIRST > , White , Glass or for Tossup/conflicting data . I'll also offer raw percentages ( which is to guess the final result , not the current Early vote totals . I may be off considerably , but over time the < PROPFIRST > should turn solid . 
Instead of weeping for what we have lost , we should celebrate what we have sacrificed for ourselves so that our fellow Roadrunners at UTSA can all have a better future now and always . 
Greetings Governor < PROPFIRST > ! How much did you pay that widow to say that blasphemous amount of crap on TV ? 
Woot ! Enjoyed the Chili's fundraiser for the < PROPFEMALE > Lambda Pledge class . I enjoyed my first Chili's steak in over two years . Missed it dearly . Will miss it again until the next time . 
Greetings SGA Folks ! I've created a SGA ESPN Fantasy Basketball league for us to have fun with , if anyone is interested , let me know with your email so I can invite you to it . If we set up correctly , we can draft on October 29th at 11:00 PM . There are 7 slots left , but I can expand the league if need be , but it must be in a multiple of 2 . 
SharkBait ! Apply him directly to the top of your head . \ 
SharkBait ! Apply him directly to the top of your head . 
My costume for the General Assembly is complete . Just need only one item(s ) . 
Campus Clean up today ! I'll be at the APO desk until we can get some people . Meet at the APO desk . My apologies for being 15 minutes late . If I'm not there , I'm grabbing lunch now so I won't be distracted later . 
Fratting hard at Club JPL . After all of these upgrades , it's probably should be renamed Studio JPL Discotheque . 
Holy Crap , < PROPFIRST > Cooks took my Friday Projects ( Campus Clean Up ) to the next level ( like , all next week ) . EPIC WIN . :D 
If a band of educators were to sing < PROPMALE > Paisley songs , one would be \I'm going to check you for TEKS . \"" 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > is quite possibly the most craftiest , sliest politician in U.S. Senate history when it comes to elections . He escaped defeat in 1998 , and did it again tonight . As much as people may not like him , you got to hand it to him . 
As soon as APO days are over , I'm taking a Monday trip to the Downtown Campus . 
Would like to thank the < PROPFEMALE > Lambda Pledge Class of my fraternity on a very successful pledge banquet . I throughout enjoyed it and wished I could spend more time with you guys . 
I'm thinking : It's always time to rediscover the God who created me and my master plan that is my life . It just can't be that simple to be explained away as anything but . There is a God , there is Jesus , and I exist due to them . It is worth noting that I shall consider nobody lesser or greater because of their beliefs as a result of my own . 
Haha , just noticed that my notification systems noticed that the same guy that produces and posts the microwave videos posted something about the discussion of legalizing pot in California . LOL . People are already stupid enough and don't need any help . 
One last week of pledgeship for the < PROPFEMALE > Lambda class of UTSA's ??? chapter ! You can do it guys , you have really come together in the last few weeks ! 
Slotted all my classes for the next semester . Bad news : No more days off . Not great news : Three of the classes are technically back-to-back-to-back , but they're all in the same field . Great news : With the exceptions of Wednesdays , no more late days . Troublesome news : Where am I going to fit those three observation hrs a week ? 
Living near UTSA might put me in < PROPFIRST > V . Garza's district ( District 117 , which was lost by DMcQL ) .... Maybe I should consider moving out here . I really don't want to run against < PROPMALE > ( I like the job he's doing ) . This is just a thought . 
I remember when < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Esté and crew set up the SGA computers to play Journey's Separate Ways at the same time ... EPIC SURROUND SOUND WIN ... We need to try that again . 
Instead of going to my observation today , I'm now having to go to COB advising just to get registered for classes for my minor because they've conveniently locked all of the upper class ECO classes for majors . I don't believe I have to beg to take classes for a minor . This is ridiculous . 
Today was likely the most confusing and yet fulfilling day ever . I still have much to learn about APO , apparently . 
After 15 of the past 21 years , Aung San Suu Kyi has been released from House arrest . May her freedom be permanent this time . 
The line between a person campaigning for a good cause and being a sore loser is a very narrow one indeed . For several weeks , the campaign of < PROPFEMALE > Murkowski did not fit into either . Today , the evidence is clear that people really wished that hadn't gone with < PROPFIRST > Miller in the first place , and hadn't wished they threw out a perfectly competent Senator . Alaskans should ( and are ) happy they might've got a second shot . 
Congrats to < PROPFIRST > , < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > , our wonderful new Neophytes to the < PROPFEMALE > Gamma < PROPFEMALE > chapter of < PROPFEMALE > Phi < PROPFEMALE > ! 
I personally would like to thank the < PROPFEMALE > Gamma < PROPFEMALE > chapter for electing me to be your Fundraising VP . To hold this position of confidence is something I will respect and honor ! 
Getting ready for APO banquet ... 
Heading out to UTSA very shortly . 
Effective today at 9:30 PM , I am now officially Fundraising Vice-President of < PROPFEMALE > Phi < PROPFEMALE>'s < PROPFEMALE > Gamma < PROPFEMALE > Chapter . 
Pfft . Ranting and raving doesn't really help . Onwards ! 
Another SGA reform < PROPMALE > ? Yep , it's time . 
< PROPMALE > Childress got axed . This past few weeks were not kind to NFL Head Coaches . 
This has been one of my toughest semesters ever , and this semester has made me make many difficult decisions . One has to deal with schooling , the other with life in general . Now don't worry . I'm still going to continue my roles in SGA and APO . :D 
Going offline to update system , brb . 
Thanks for the Birthday wishes ! Wow , over 120 people already . Lots of thanks you notes to write ... going to need a efficient and yet still individual dedicated system . 
Change\ 
your Facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The \ 
goal is to not see a human face on FB till Monday , December 6th . Join \ 
the fight against child abuse & copy & paste to your status . \ 
Invite your friends to do the same ! 
Again , thank you to all who gave me Birthday Wishes . I'm going to need this weekend to write notes to everyone , apparently . 
No fate but what we make our own through Christ as all things are possible by him . 
Getting ready to go to UTSA . Hopefully have a couple of informal meetings , then head on home . 
Not able to go to the campus today = day wasted . 
Good Night ! 
R . I . P < PROPFEMALE > Edwards . 
Final Today at 5:00 PM . Joy . 
The deadliest disease to freedom and < PROPFEMALE > , much less sanity , is polemicism and partisanship . 
Can we cut the partisan crap from the Dream Act ? I mean , Holy sweet mother of Jesus and God Bless < PROPFEMALE > . Be more civil , stop calling people names and rubbing it in . Just because I may have a stance on it doesn't mean I'm going to be an jerk about it . 
Okay , I give . Send me your FB messages in this \numbers\ " game . I'll try to answer as best as I can . " 
1776 : You're actually a very good friend . Granted , we don't agree on everything , but it seems we do a good job when we work together . I'm glad you're in SGA , and regardless of what people say , your service is actually appreciated by more people than you might imagine . 
1349 : Wow . I've known you since high school , and you were totally awesome to chat with . Always a pleasure to talk with you , as even during some of the worst of times in your life , you'd always be a positive < PROPMALE > , never a negative < PROPFEMALE > . With that type of attitude , anything is possible for you ! Traits like those are very impressive , and again to quote the song , \Thank you for being a friend ! \"" 
3 : It's seems only yesterday I met you whilst at the same time it feels like I've known you my entire life . Neither is , of course true in a literal sense . I feel as there is still much we can talk about as friends , and there will be a time for that . Thanks for being part of SGA , and you are very fortunate for the people in your life , as they help to build on your already dynamic character ! 
-1^(1/2 ) : A few months ago , I hardly knew you . But as time went on , I've gotten to know you better , and you are literally a human enbodiment of someone opening a can of whoopass combined with 1337 , ROFLMAO and awesome . Every day you come up with a new gem of knowledge that is both insightful and funny . And since you care about everyone , you'd be an awesome teacher if you ever considered the path ! 
23 : I remember when I first met you in Professor Harmon's Texas Politics class . Then you joined SGA , so I had plenty of times to say Hi and how are you doing ( well after we finished Harmon's class ) , and you were always a pleasant person to chat with . Feel free to drop on by the office and say hi or send a message ! I'd always be delighted to talk with you ! 
24.88 : LOL . You're totally an awesome friend . You're one of those people who totally think outside the box but aren't ripped to shreds for it as you always come up with good ideas that just ... work ! That's probably why the special number too . And I guess for advice , stay here at UTSA . You'll definitely be happy here ! 
Going to bed . Keep sending in those < PROPFIRST > , and I'll reply in the morning ! 
Keep sending in < PROPFIRST > via FB msg , and I'll keep responding to these < PROPFIRST > . 
16 : Where to begin ... It seems the first time I saw you was at the DT campus when I was sworn in as the new Student Body Treasurer . You've always had a solid , balanced opinion and have sometimes singlehandedly kept me from doing some boneheaded $# ! % . Thanks for all the work that you do , you're an awesome friend ! 
0689 : You're literally the first person in this list I can legitimately say I hardly know ( we only met less than a month ago ) . You certainly are a cool person , and you're dedicated to every task you put your efforts in . Hopefully we can get to know each other in the near future ! 
2612 : It's been a while since we've really talked . You've always had fresh and innovative ideas , and when you were running that newspaper I always found myself amused with the writing and all . Glad to see you're back at UTSA and gearing towards graduation ! 
Alright , I'm off to bed . Keep sending in < PROPFIRST > , and I'll keep responding ! 
Going AFK for undisclosed amount of time . I'll continue answering < PROPFIRST > a bit later . 
123456 : I'm pretty sure I met you at Holmes , but we never got around to talking too much ( of course , me being in a secluded area to study for Academic Decathlon has that bad side effect :( ) . You're a nice person , and feel free to always chat or message me on FB , I would love to talk with you more ! 
8 : Wow . Where to begin ... you've been an awesome friend , and I'm going to miss you when you graduate . It will definitely be a different place in the UC3 and at UTSA without you . I think you still would have made a great Senator for SGA ! 
12988976 : You sir , are a badass , and I'm glad you joined SGA . Better late than never . You'd always found a way to get things done at UTSA , and I think you will excel in law school . You better come back and visit us often . Finally , you are a millionaire ... with a huge wealth of quality , solid , awesome friends . :D 
MicroEcon Final done . Just have a reflection paper and a Int'lEcon final tomorrow and I will be done with this semester . 
Is officially a recipient of the Official UTSA Ring ! 
Final day of Finals . Thank god . 
NOT YET BAD NEWS , BUT NOT GOOD : Pray/Send Good Karma/Etc . for < PROPFIRST > Boone and his family , a fire has broken out that has not yet confirmed to have spread to his home as of his last update . 
As I look back on this previous semester in SGA , I'm proud of my accomplishments and how far I've gone as a Roadrunner . This semester alone , I helped in shaping the alcohol on campus poll ( by motioning a disclaimer attached to the poll indicating it was a poll , with the motion passing ) and have begun to write a < PROPMALE > that will better clarify election regulations in the SGA By-Laws . Here's to the SP11 Semester ! 
Waiting for official grades ... 
I understand it takes some time for grades to be loaded into ASAP , but my < PROPFEMALE > is not incredibly extensive in this field . It would be nice to have such knowledge so I can finalize my schedule . 
After a very trying semester , I made it out okay with 2 B's and the better case scenarios ( not best case or worst case ) in the other two classes with all four passing grades . I'll take it . 
And now , I can finally sleep . 
Beginning to write a book . Need something to do this holiday season , besides get a job . 
Congratulations to the Steele Knights ! SA Area Friday Night Lights can't get better than this ! 
Wonder why you play all the games in a sport ? Just ask Pearland and Steele ! Congrats to the Oilers ( Pearland ) and Knights ( Steele ) . Nice to see two fresh first time football state champions for a change ! 
Happy 85th Birthday APO ( I'm sure this is belated) ! 
Kudos to < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > ! His words of wisdom has made me think . 
Well , for better or worse , looks like I'm stuck at UTSA until Spring 2012 . :/ Might as well make the best out of it . 
Already time for bed . Enough with the reform for tonight . 
Bed time . Time for some sleep . 
Quick Question : Who is the number one tire manufacturer in the world ? 
The START treaty was passed today , 71-26 . It's official : Bipartisanship has a < PROPMALE > . 
Bed Time . 
It's Christmas . Considering Re-Gifting one of my cats to my mom . 
Going to bed after being awoke by noises in the night . No word if it was < PROPFEMALE > , but I'm not going to re-gift one of the cats . Funny , but I was being sarcastic . Night/Early Morn y'all! 
Is warming up to the new format of WWTBAM .... Beat the online game in four attempts . Seriously considering trying out . 
Saints ! OH , YES ! New Orleans edged out Atlanta !!!! 
I take particular satisfaction with the Spurs beating the Lakers . Proof that the Spurs are a lot more legit than people give them credit ! 
Seemingly becoming a bigger fan of < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ... one of the best modern day composers ... 
Preparing for the Spring 2011 Semester . 
Congratulations to Senator < PROPFEMALE > Murkowski for winning her write-in bid in Alaska ! Only the second such win in United States Senate history . 
The Spurs Win . Again .... Rather Routine ... HOLY SH -- THEY BEAT < PROPFIRST > !?! HELLS TO THE YEAH ! Um , sorry about that ... NOT . 
On this , the final day of 2010 , I respectfully ask all of you to take time to remember whom we've lost in years past . Some of us lost family , friends , or a fraternity/sorority brother or sister , a significant other , a co-worker , and so forth . May we tell their stories and advocate their positive impact so they may never be forgotten . 
I can't sleep . I can't sleep . I Can't Sleep . I CAN'T SLEEP . 
Finally got some sleep , but it was very much broken . Not much more than 4 hours continuous at one time . 
It appears another visit to financial aid at UTSA may be necessary tomorrow . 
Wow . Looks like all will be well on the Financial aid front , and the Seattle Seahawks are the luckiest playoff team this year thus far . 7-9 ? Wow . 
Going to eat a dinner at UTSA and then to go grocery shopping . Fun times ahead . Yay for Spring 2011 ! 
Allright , time for bed . And this is considered EARLY by this week's norms . 
Today has definitely not been a good day . Please keep the people injured in the Tuscon , Arizona shooting in your thoughts and prayers . For those who are deceased , let us pray for their families . As for politics , it's worth noting that regardless of beliefs , we have a right to voice our discontent at the ballot box , not by violence . 
Day One of Spring 2011 , and SGA is already going full steam ahead . To get an idea , start a treadmill , run it at full speed and jump on . That's a decent starting comparison , analogy wise . 
Will be sitting out the MLK project for APO with a cold/allergy reaction . Feeling much better than yesterday , but I dare not push myself and make myself sicker . -.- 
Getting ready for another good Spurs game and OH WOW , SOMEBODY'S PRAYERS JUST GOT ANSWERED ! < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > lost ! As Marv < PROPFIRST > would say : \Yessssss ! \"" 
Day 3 going into Day four of feeling like crap . Better to fight this cold now than have it later at a more worse time . 
Okay , so I'm out for the day because I have a cold , and certain people in SGA have selected a Latin word as their word of the day . If you haven't figured out what this word is , it's best you don't . 
I can't sleep , I literally am amped up for Involvement Fair and APO General Meeting . 
Waiting for the Officers meeting at 7:30 PM . 
Congratulations to < PROPMALE > Cardenas on his election as the newest COLFA Senator ! While this may have been his first day on the job , he's been involved in SGA since the start of this year ! He's a fighter for the students , and I look forward to his continuing service ! 
Sometimes , when all else fails , you have to just pull a < PROPFIRST > May . Kudos if people get the Top Gear reference :D 
Woohoo for nice weather ! 
TONIGHT , WE DINE ON BOBCAT ! GO ROADRUNNERS ! 
Listening to Foreigner . That shows how old I am . 
I hereby announce that you should support < PROPMALE > Frigstad for Mr. UTSA . < PROPMALE > is a dedicated hardworking Roadrunner and I have had the pleasure of working with him on various student initiatives of which are too numerous to list here . This is by far a difficult choice to make , as I have exceptionally good friends in both Mr. / Ms. UTSA races . 
Today ... is a no tie day today . :/ Nothing super important going on . 
Not too difficult of a day today . Two classes . Done by 3:15 PM . 
Omaha Mayor < PROPMALE > Suttle survives a recall bid against him by 51-49 percent . Good news , considering the guy did NOTHING wrong or illegal . 
Dear Lord , I come to you as humble as I know how . I confess my sins , those known and unknown . Lord you know I am not perfect and I fall short every day of my life , but I want to take time out to say thank you for your mercy . Thank you for my family , friends , roof over my head , food on my table , everything I have and trials that make me stronger . I love you Lord .. Re-post if GOD has blessed you in any way . 
Just watched the first ads from the Ames Jones and < PROPMALE > campaigns to fill Hutchison's seat in ' 12 . Ames Jones has a great deal of substance , and < PROPMALE > has a feel good ad that shows that you can be friends with the tea party and not be nuts . Interesting starts out the gate , I must say . 
Wow . Another blast of wonderful weather . < /sarcasm > 
Got the news that the Holmes AD team advanced to state ! YAY ! From ADSIC , the results show they're in 37th . 
Voted < PROPMALE > Frigstad for Mr. UTSA on Banner ASAP . You should too . 
Regardless of all the cold weather , it's best to remember the old British saying during WWII : \Keep Calm and < PROPFEMALE > On\ " . All I ask is the word \ " Responsibly\ " is appended to the end of that phrase . " 
Hey all : Vote < PROPMALE > Frigstad for Mr. UTSA . Today IS the last day to do so on Banner ASAP . No more second chances !!!! VOTE ON BANNER ASAP AND CHOOSE < PROPMALE > ! 
It may be cold outside , so warm up by putting on some blankets , and getting on your computer and voting < PROPMALE > Frigstad for Mr. UTSA ! Hopefully you'll also get a warm fuzzy feeling and be warmed up quickly ! Only less than 5 hours to cast your vote for < PROPMALE > ! 
We're down to the final hour !!!!!!! \ 
\ 
Please Vote < PROPMALE > Frigstad for Mr. UTSA ! Vote now , One hour left !!! \ 
Remember , Roadrunners always do it on Banner ASAP ... Voting , that is . :D 
Well , going to bed . Gotta get some rest , may HAVE to go to UTSA tomorrow . < sarcasm > This weather is so fun ! < /sarcasm > 
Is close to cracking the order of Senority of all SGA members . May FINALLY have this figured out . 
< PROPFIRST > McDYESS . ENOUGH SAID . Going to bed now , in much better spirits ! 
Wow , UTSA finally canceled classes ? Nuts . 
Quite possibly the most jazzed person in the entire city right now . I got to see snowfall for the first time in my life in person . Oh , and the Spurs totally made my night last night . 
In a laughing fit . Don't ask . 
Congrats to @ < PROPMALE > Frigstad on his victory as MR . UTSA ! 
Congratulations to the Green Bay Packers ! Super Bowl XLI Champions ! 
Allright , time for bed ! 
Well , after four years , I finally got haxxored by < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > . 
Won't be able to go to class today , tried going outside , this weather sucks and it's only getting worse today . 
Just totally participated in the most random and totally EPIC WIN event of the week : Helping < PROPFEMALE > Tompkins get her car keys . 
Brothers of APO : You have been accredited your fundraising \events\ " and service hours . " 
No Bow Tie today . Nice weather , time to enjoy wearing shorts ! 
Seriously . Everything in my life is crazy right now . Got Class in 3 mins . 
My head has been stuck in the sand for too long ... NO MORE . It's time for people to step up and work together to fix this campus . It's been done before , and it can be done again . 
Thanks to < PROPFIRST > Montoya for introducing me to New Order , an awesome 80's band ! 
SGA Candidates and People : Please consider refraining from using Facebook Groups ( other than the old format ) . People get added to Groups automatically , and it clogs emails and brings people who do not want to be in the group into the group . Please consider using events and Pages , where people can decide if that's what they want to partake in . Oh , and goodnight folks . - From your mostly harmless friend KJ . 
Ok folks , I fixed the technical difficulties with my camera ( found a workaround ) so I will get the press < PROPFEMALE > finished asap . I can also finish work on the Javascript slideshow so the site is almost functional . Just need to get the movie editing software to work !!! Our campaign is almost at full speed !!!! 
Just got done posting flyers all across the UTSA Main Campus ! Get ready UTSA , the campaign is going to be very active next week ! More posters , flyers and even campaigning at the DT campus next week ! Keep your ears and eyes open ! :D 
Great day for Ireland . Fine Gael is on track to be the largest party for the first time in their history , and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > is a good bloke . 
Just over a week before election days ! Check out my FB event to find out where I stand on the issues ! Also of note , I am beta testing the last part of the website ( Javascript Slideshow and Youtube embedding ) prior to uploading ! 
Hello all ! Will likely visit the DT campus today ! Also , I have finished beta-testing the final parts of the campaign website , expect that to be live tonight ! 7 Days until elections , do you know who you want as Senator ? 
To be frank : Negative campaigning sucks . I don't like it either , and although it is effective , if we cannot accept a higher standard , we are doomed to the same crap in < PROPFIRST > and DC . 
Happy Birthday , Texas ! 
Downtown visit was very fulfilling . Now getting back on the bus to Main Campus . 
At this point in campaigning , I feel a lack of interest in voters , Here's links to combat apathy . \ 
Presidential Candidates :\ 
< PROPFIRST > Hensley for SGA President - A Fight for Principles at UTSA\ 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > for President !! \ 
VP Candidates :\ 
Vote < PROPFIRST > Hinojosa for SGA Vice President ! \ 
Vote Autumn Lansford for SGA Vice President !!!!! 
Heading to class . Fun . 
Very tired ... goodnight 
Wow , just under 8 hours until the start of voting ! Going to be a fun campaign !!!! 
Congratulations ( Albeit a bit late ) to the < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Holmes Academic Decathlon team for a fantastic comeback to the State competition , and improving four slots at State ! Keep Chopping Wood ! 
So , the Paisano Editor calls everyone in SGA incompetent ? Fine . I look forward to continuing to rise to the challenge . and help me continue to do competent reforms and legislation to make UTSA get in front again ! 
Ladies and Gentlemen : Only 4 hours left to vote for SGA Elections ! ! 
Wow , I am frankly impressed and humbled by all of the additional supporters for taking their personal time out of their day and campaigns . People REALLY do surprise you . I appreciate it ! 
For what will likely be the last time of my Undergraduate career , the final SGA election of which I am a candidate in has finally concluded the voting stage . I am relieved , yet filled with mixed emotions . 
I want to personally thank everyone who supported my campaign . I was returned to the Senate with the greatest amount of votes cast for any candidate ! Again , thanks ! Also , please don't forget the runoff elections on March 22-23 , 2011 and decide for SGA Secretary between Kareena L . Kirlew and < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > ! And now , we have a term to finish ! 
UTSA up 2 over McNeese at Halftime :) 
WE'RE GOING TO THE DANCE ! 
Bracket filled out : I think the Final Four will be Ohio State , San < PROPMALE > State , Utah State and Kansas . 
Being sick sucks . 
Redesigning my campaign website into my \online office website \"" 
Scratch that last post , link isn't working . 
GO ROADRUNNERS !!!! I humbly ask that you PLEASE destroy my bracket by beating Ohio State . Thank you and Godspeed ! 
Wow . Morehead St ? I was thinking Utah St. being the big < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > this year . 
EDIT : Ok . Amazon's being goofy , at least on my computer . Just feel free to check out my store if you like . In the meantime , I'm going to yell at my computer . 
Ladies and Gentlemen : After some careful thought and consulting with my friends and family , I am opting to endorse < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > for SGA Secretary . While I believe both candidates are qualified , I firsthand have seen < PROPFIRST>'s stellar dedication to SGA , even during his roughest times . If you agree with my viewpoint , please consider giving < PROPFEMALE > your vote today and tomorrow on Banner ASAP . 
IB ! 
RIP my 2011 March madness bracket . You were great fun while you lasted , you gritty son-of-a-bitch . 
Sixteen years of ALP rule down the toilet in New South Wales , and dare I say , they deserved this retribution . The only good thing was that outgoing Premier Keneally flushed a lot of the crap out prior to elections . Now , it's time for ALP to heal thyself . 
As I conclude this term , I've realized that there is simply only so much one person can do . I'm honored to have been a part of SGA for four wonderful terms , and I look forward to a fifth term , all the while even more humbled to take part of a rarefied honor with a renewed sense of cooperation and a distinct charge to assist a new generation of Senators with their journey . 
I think I have made my decision . Through heck and high water , I will be a grad student in Fall 2012 at UTSA , pursuing either a < PROPFEMALE > in History or possibly Econ . 
Found out I've been passed over for the fourth consecutive University Life Awards . 
Wow . People REALLY are crazy ... Looking forward to this weekend ! 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > may want to be me , but it's better to be yourself than a second rate version of somebody else . Seriously folks , I got a lot more work to do than FB . Oh Lord and Jesus Christ , give certain people I know a ton of common sense , okay ? LOL 
Alright people . I'm going offline from Facebook pretty much starting at midnight . I will be away from computers in general starting Thursday night except for academic purposes . I'll be back on Sunday . 
Hard to believe I'm saying it , but congratulations to Iota Beta of Pi Kappa Phi . We did it ! 
Sad to see so many good people go and depart their roles in SGA , but so equally happy to have earned a second term as your COLFA Senator and to see many new people enter the stage . I have a feeling we're going to accomplish some great things in the 35th General Assembly . 
Is humbled and honored to be elected as the 7th Executive Senator of the Student Government Association of The University of Texas at San < PROPFIRST > . Thank you all for those who supported me as well as those who supported my esteemed competitors . I look forward to winning your support every single week to get UTSA in front again . 
Well , stuck at home again , it appears ... 
Really wanted to go to the football game with the guys of Pi Kappa Phi - Iota Beta but at least some chores got done . Ready to go to my first SGA executive meeting since I subbed for < PROPMALE > Frigstad over a year ago . Any Senators wish to offer opinions/statements to take to the meeting ? 
Wonderful . Love the VIA buses when they make you so late by walking too far and you can't get into class because you will be booted for being late . :D Not too upset , as it's a dual fault . 
ASTP Training : Done . Actually it was pretty good , and the presenter had quite the sense of humor . 
This week will be critical . Two response papers , one film paper , one presentation , and a ton of meetings . Not a whole lot of fun time . Time to make this week the one of the best in my life , or at least , one of the best of this semester . :D 
Attention UTSA students ... There is a poll concerning Concealed < PROPFEMALE > on Campus . Please express your opinion on Banner ASAP today and tomorrow . Thank you . 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > just declared his bid for the Presidency of the United States ... and now my day is VERY interesting . Checking out Political Wire now . 
This week has certainly been a test . One last class this week , two papers . Easiest part , dare I say . 
Made it through another week . Time to finish this semester strong . 
We have a thousand wishes : To be thinner , be bigger , have more money , a day off , a new phone , to date the person of your dreams . A cancer patient only has one wish : to kick cancer's ass . I know that 97% of you won't post this as your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do . In honor of someone who died , is fighting cancer , or had cancer , post this for at least one hour . 
We have a thousand wishes : To be thinner , be bigger , have more money , a day off , a new phone , to date the person of your dreams . A cancer patient only has one wish : to kick cancer's ass . In honor of someone who died , is fighting cancer , or had cancer , post this for at least one hour . 
Perhaps I should stop worrying about things . Even though I only want the best for everyone , you just can't have it all . 
Go Blackhawks ! OT with a < PROPMALE > to win and go to the next round after being down 0-3 ! 
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO ! Dammit Vancouver ! First you spawn the Grizzlies , now this . 
Phew . Spurs , you got another another 1up . Don't waste it . 
EPIC math problems are EPIC . Who would know that 6÷2(1+2 ) can provide 30,000 voices of commentary and multiple proofs . 
Without really trying , posted a score of 28,800 + on Treadmillasaurus < PROPMALE > , within the top 25% today . Legit . Now time to get ready for studying , AGAIN . 
Time to fetch dinner . Yes . I actually am going to WALK and go get it . Novel idea , eh ? 
Wow , that was not nice . Got a rogue spyware attack , very rare for me . ( last attack was at least last year ) Fortunately , it was a < PROPMALE > attempt , so I was able to rid of it in Safe Mode . Guys , be careful !!!! 
Good run Spurs ... And now , my consolation choice .... GO THUNDER !!! 
I know most people could give a rip about Canadian Politics , but it appears that this upcoming election on Monday might either net a 1 ) Conservative Majority , 2 ) Con Minority , or 3 ) the first ever NDP government . The third option ... would be rather historic . 
One week until Leadershape !!! Super blessed to have this opportunity . Ready to learn new ways how to get COLFA and UTSA back in front again . 
Osama Bin Laden is dead . I am frankly relieved , yet wary of the future . Regardless , may God Bless < PROPFEMALE > . 
One hour until we can begin to decipher if Canada really is changing from the Blue-Red spectrum to add the orange of the NDP . I know it's Canada , but this is electoral realignment we are talking about , folks . 
Merced Jezreel Carbajal : So we don't have any football games in the spring ? 
Got a 44/50 ( 88 ) on the Evolution of Economic Thought Final . Quite some progress since the start of the semester . Now done with all my finals , and time to get ready for Leadershape !!! 
Heading to bed ... not feeling well . 
