If there was no evil , what would become of fortitude ? If there was no pain , what would become of courage ? If there was no death , what would become of bravery ? A sacrifice was made for us in order that we might live in a world without death , pain , or suffering , a world without end . Because we live in a fallen world , we know the power of love , the reason that sacrifice was made . 

I think about my thoughts , I think about how I think those thoughts , I thought that thinking about my thoughts would make me a better thinker , but to think about the thinking of a thought of thinking really makes me think that I may have over-thought my thinking ... hmmmm ... So I thought I may be thinking ...............................? 
\Cogito ergo sum . \"?" 
Ahh ... So this is dorm life ... Tiny rooms with just enough room to sleep ; Bathroom stall doors with naughty language , pictures , and decapitated magical ponies ; Various genres of music playing from room to room ... Now , I just have to wait till classes start . 
I absolutely , positively , verily , sincerely , truly LOVE College so very , very much that I can not convey my love with mere words . How can I describe it then , being so beyond words ... I feel like I could drift away on a cloud into eternal bliss . I am so very happy . I must stay grounded now , lest I swoon . Why describe my love of college with such passion ? Why else , but for I am a man of great passion . 
7 more days ... it didn't help that I was tired of break before it even started . I need to learn to live in the present . Uggh , I don't like the present . I guess I can look toward the future . I truly am a rare specimen . How many people consider a school break torturous , anticipating the day school starts up again like it's Christmas . Oh no , not Christmas break ... I wish I could bring my friends with me on break . 
Someone told me that going home isn't so bad , because you become a guest in your own home . Since you're a guest , you don't have to do chores and things . Guess what ?! I'm doing chores . I'm feeling a little too at home ... I wanna go back to school ... Snap out of it Dawson !!! Quit complaining ! You have a wonderful life . You're very loved . Quit being selfish and enjoy your life ! 
< PROPMALE > Hawthorne , my good friend , I missed you , and I apologize for not bringing you with me to college , I will be sure to bring you with me when I go back . Beethoven can come too ... ok , the piano too . I only have so much shelving space . Hawthorne can sit by < PROPFIRST > Donne and < PROPFEMALE > Browning , Beethoven ... I don't know where I'm going to put you . < PROPMALE > , I will make sure to get you up soon . 
I seek not pity , but understanding . 
I hacked off the sideburns , I smoothed out the cheeks , but you can't touch the hair on my chinny-chin-chin . Guess who defeated the Big Bad Wolf . \The Tickle ! \"" 
The work never ends , does it ? And the work load only gets bigger as we go on , doesn't it ? I will be strong ! I will prevail ! 
Hiking in the snow covered foothills , surrounded by a panorama of white mountain majesty . Breathing the crisp cold air fills my lungs and cleanses me within . Playing the traditional game of monopoly with family , and partaking in the feast of thanks . Today was a good day . Tomorrow should be even better . Gingerbread Houses !!! 
I am thankful for everything that has happened in my life , be it good or bad , joyful or sorrowful , loving or hurtful , because everything that has happened to me has molded me into what I am today . 
Perhaps it was the the enforcement of school uniforms and strict discipline of the private school that camouflaged my identity . No one knew my true love of discipline , my strict code of ethics , for my will and determination was masked by the obligations of others . Now in my new life , I stand out , for I work just as hard to maintain my code of ethics . 
is back at school . 
Who's excited for class tomorrow ? I am ! Are you ? We need pep-rallies for studies , not just sports . How wonderful it would be to have students pumped for school and not just for the sports . 
Why does life seem so much like a constant battle ? It frustrates me . ( This is a rhetorical question . There is no need for an answer . ) 
is sad that he has to be away from his friends for 3 whole weeks . :.( 
I love it when it snows giant snowflakes . It's so beautiful ... 
The weatherman said that there wasn't going to be a White Christmas . The weatherman has so little faith . I say we're going to have a very white Christmas . I never agree with the weatherman ; I'm right more often than he is , because I've been observing weather patterns since I was 5 . The weatherman is a scrooge . Now you know how I feel about weathermen . : J 
My first Christmas gift : 6 months of Accutane . My birthday gift : My check up appointment with the doctor plus a bonus blood draw . Yay !!!... This is my life , and I'm sure you all envy it very much . 
A movie with Bing Crosby , directed by < PROPFIRST > Capra ! What could be better ? I love it ! I can always count on Bing to sing in a octave that's perfect for me . 
I saw a blood < PROPFEMALE > . I am satisfied . 
I decided to go on Facebook with my dad's phone . I am failing miserably . How the heck do people type on these things . The buttons are too small ! @#$ it . 
Nothing like a Christmas < PROPFEMALE > hymn sing . Now all I need are some chestnuts and an open fire . 
I can't wait till I have kids of my own . < PROPFEMALE > and I are gonna have so much fun the night before Christmas . I'll probably be the kind of dad that gets more excited than the kids on Christmas morning . Since my childhood is now behind me , that's what I have to look forward to . 
There is snow on the ground , qualifying this Christmas in Boise , ID a White Christmas . Why the weathermen never call me for an opinion , I do not know . I was right , the weathermen were wrong ... again ... 
My favorite Christmas gifts this year were a Doctor Who Tardis Cookie Jar , an facsimile of the 1828 < PROPMALE > Webster Dictionary ( Best dictionary of the English Language there is ) , and my very favorite gift of all ... NEW CLOTHES !!!, Italian cut . Two button down shirts , and a sleek < PROPFIRST > colored sweater . I'm so excited to wear them . And yes , though my sweater is magenta , I am secure in my masculinity . 
Oh the woes of non-reving , time for hours of fun waiting at the airport . 
So tired ... up at 6am only to get on a flight and get kicked off , because of an unaccompanied minor . Wait for an 11:40 flight to LA , rent a car , eat , fight traffic , get passed < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , and drive onward to Grandmother's house . I'm still in the car . Grandmother does not know we are coming , it's a surprise . And I'm hungry . ( Notice the use of caps and punctuation , and I'm using a phone . ) 
It would seem that for a world with so many communicating capabilities , society , as a whole , is communicatively challenged . Could it be that face to face communication is more effective ? If only we could teleport ... oh but the setbacks . Why do I always have to ruin my ideas by thinking about the consequences ? No wonder I failed at being a rebellious teenager , and I only have 2 and a half weeks left . 
I want to go back to school so much that I am seriously considering going to administration and asking for a shortened breaks and summer classes . It's summer that I'm really not looking forward to , but I need money ... but I couldn't care less about money . If I ever won the lottery , most of that money I would simply give away . All I want , in life , is to be with my friends . 
is in limbo . I just don't know ... I can't stand being in limbo ; everything just blurs together , nothing is clear . This is what happens when I'm on break , and why I don't like summer . Breaks are horrible , because the whole time I feel like I need to be doing something , but I never can figure out what that is , then it drives me nuts , and I end up more worn-out than I was when I was busy . 
It's so simple ... why is this not documented ? The meaning of life is LOVE ! Agape , Philio , Eros . Love of the Creator and Creation ; Love of your brothers , your sisters , your family and friends ; Love of a dear one held close to your heart , your closest companion . Why is this fact not taught in schools ? Why is it not taught to children as existential knowledge ? Listen up people ! The meaning of life is love . Case Closed ! 
is extremely pleased . I just got 118 Bing Crosby Recordings for only $9.99 . Each song is priced at $0.99 . That's almost $118 . I just saved 108 dollars , that's a 90% off discount . How do I live on so little income , and keep my wardrobe looking fancy ? It's a skill . 
Why does it seem like everyone is in such a big hurry ? Why am I always the last one out the door ? I've always been labeled as being slow . But , I don't want to be in a constant rush . I want to take in every moment of every day ; let it all sink in . Maybe I don't do as many things in one day as others , but the things I do , are done far more efficiently . Live life in its fullest ; take note of the things around you . 
is back and almost settled in < PROPMALE > Second Floor West . 
I turn 20 in approximately 2 hours . My throat is sore , my face is sore , my lips are chapped , my head aches , my body aches , my ears are plugged , I'm tired , and I'm congested . Tomorrow , I will be driving back and forth to and from campus in order to attend my classes , a dermatologist appointment , and spend time with my family all in one day . How do I manage ? How do I compensate ? 
I am a great admirer of women , and I have found that there is far too much diversity between each one to ever hope placing them all into one simple definition outside of a homosapien built for bearing children . Excuse me for the crude definition , but it is really only that and a difference in hormone production that separates men and women . 
My love and respect for my Grandmother has just shot through the roof , through earth's atmosphere , past the < PROPFEMALE > , and out of this galaxy . My love for my Grandmother before today was still incredibly high . >> read comment below << 
\A man is a great thing upon the earth 
It is too bad that there is only one day left for the Opera . I am very sad , even though I will have time for sleep again . We must make tomorrow night a stellar performance , and the cast party will have to be nothing less than the best party ever !!! 
Why ? Why must a musician work so hard , and receive such little credit ? Not only must I attend classes and do homework , but my free-time is consumed with practicing . Not only do I love music , but I also love Math -- which also is very time consuming . Why do I continue on in this way ? Simple ... Mathematicians work hard to make life a little easier , Musicians work hard to make life a little more pleasant . 
I don't want to hear anymore complaining about the snow . It's beautiful , you don't control the weather , enjoy it . It is still winter , Spring does not start until the 20th . Fine ... Go Ahead , shake your fists at the sky . Just don't dull the mood for the rest of us who are very much enjoying this lovely , white day . 
Why am I so tenaciously passionate about learning ? Now not only do I want to be a Music/Math < PROPMALE > , Psychology and Music Performance Minor , but now I want to be a Philosophy and Computer Science Minor too . That would leave me with 2 < PROPMALE > s and 4 Minors ... maybe I should hold back a little until Grad school ... but I don't want to wait ... Life on earth can be cruel , on either side of the railroad tracks . 
The eye of a painter , the ear of a musician , the nose of a flourist , the tastebuds of a chef , the touch of a loving mother , all these things miraculous and lovely , these things , together , are what tie us to this world . They tie us to this world , but the ties to others , to those we hold dear , those ties are held by something beyond the 5 senses , something much deeper . 
Tour is over and I miss everybody very much already . While hectic and busy for most of the trip , we had some great bonding time . I was depleted of all energy , but I do not regret it in the least . 
I'm back , but I am not ready for classes to start . 
