I finally walked back from a friends house lol ! 60 mins and I needs a car nowz !! 

Minor Threat and Dead Kennedys on me playlist lol ! yay ! 
Jamiroquai tickets on the mill ! Way to go British < PROPMALE > ! 
Does anyone here know some good local bands around here ? I already know Austier 
I AM BACK INTO MUSIC PRODUCTION !! 
People make me sick . Defending one as if their a < PROPMALE > bear with AIDS and I did nothing wrong . People shouldn't be treated like that . The world makes me sick lol . 
Finally workin ' on my guitar riff covers for me old punk band . Thankfully I still have the tape from 8 years back 
Speakin ' Hebrew 
Yay ! Just finished my commission on a beat lol ! 
Just came back from that Dance Show . It was teh awesome lol !! 
Just finished reading the last issue of Kick-Ass ....... * sigh * 
Who still has 3D glasses ? Not that Double-Vision-Real-D crap lol . That Red n Blue lol 
Me walking and talking to people . 
GBH is coming to town yay ! 
I am OUT o ' STEP !! - WIT THE WORLD !! lol 
\I wish God could take away the pain . I know you wanna call me insane -- I'm a dreamer ... \"- MGBN " 
I got a squad . I'm out to shoot me some ruffians . 
I'm in the office .... guess I gotta switch to Night Owl Mode 
Back from *********** **** 
WTF . I didn't even know Eclipse was tonight lol . ( douche :P ) 
I got Medal of Honor Closed Beta for the PS3 . Anyone wanna join ? 
Workin on Q-Tip Remix Album . Anyone that wants in is fine by me . 
Predators was actually a well made peace of sci-fi horror . Great Job < PROPFIRST > ! Now let's get on to MACHETE !! YAA !!! 
Going to Battle of The Bands today in Mesa . Anyone want in ? 
yay ! I finished METAL GEAR !! MUHAHA ! 
Is trying to find a Game Boy Adavance SP just to play Dragon Warrior III . Which is like ... the best game evar lol ! 
It's kind of funny that I had to wait up til ten since no one wakes up early lol . ( 6am ) 
Ok ! we finally made a track ! Free MP3 up soon ! 
I saw Inception ... again ! IDK why I liked it so much . I'm glad to see < PROPMALE > made a great movie other than those s**tty movies like Transformers 2 n 3 
Just Beat Metal Gear Solid 4 on Ocelot Hard ! It feels more rewarding to beat it on that difficulty lol . 
DEMON'S SOULS FCCKK !! AAAGHH !! 
I woke up with rain lol 
Anyone got Demon's Souls for PS3 ? It's fun , but hard as sh ** . Comment if you wanna team up , and I'll give ya my PSN ID name . See ya in Boletaria ! 
Sprinklin ' n humid ..... not much else today lol 
I finally died after two hours in Boletaria Castle of Demon's Souls . I understand it's a challenging game , but have people become so soft that they suck at games now ? Hell , there's hints literally lying all over the place . I'm a < PROPMALE > LOL 
< PROPFIRST > Pilgrim Launch Party was FREAKIN ' AWESOME LOL ! 
When will there ever be any good music in the Mainstream Genre ? I haven't heard a good one in 9 years . 
Comic-Con ain't s *** anymore . It's a media expo and barely anything about comics . Stupid people and their media saturation with their laid-back acoustic plays with a melodic whistle . 
?? \ 
That's the name of it ... 
F*ck ! Let The Right One In ( Swedish ) was great ! I hope they do Let Me In ( American Version ) right ! Don't Fudge It Up ! 
Was runnin like crazy yesterday in the heat lawl . 
It's horrible , but I just came back from WCHS for my ID .... It's crud , but hey . It ain't the yearbook . I'm goinz backs to works lol . 
IT AIN\T RAININ ' IT\ " S HAILIN\ " LOL !! " 
Cats & Dogs 2 ..... was okay .... \ 
Dinner For Schmucks : First 20 mins Great ! Skip all that until the dinner party , cause people got pissed off in the middle . 
I've got a show in the Velveteen in stand-up comedy ! Come check me out even though they'll think I suck ! It's $3 to get in , while it's usually $20 . IDK it's Amateur Night I got 5 minutes in ! Finally lol ! 
Holy Sh ** < PROPFIRST > Szekely is gonna be on the stage too f*** !!! You don't know this GUY !?! He's < PROPFIRST > on that FX TV show YAHH !!!! 
Vampires Suck fckin sucks horribly ! It's a piece of shiz mounded up with a more heapin ' pile of monkey ********* just like Epic Movie . It's one thing I hate more than Twilight Fans is Twilight Haters . Lay the fck off , it's a girl thing lol . Hell , Step Up 3D is 100x better even though it's the hip thing . BTW , the 3D is awesome . 
Off to community service I go ! I'll be back at 5pm ! See ya ! 
Me just beat Bionic Commando on Super Hard YAHH !! LOL 
I just saw Middle Men- ..... that movie's really good . Go see it if you hate the Summer's Movies , but be aware it's based on the infamous story on merchandise transaction of pornography on the internet . Really good movie ! 
It goes on and on , but never on and off . Stay strong and never take a pause . It's constant elevation- all the way to the top- continuing , forever exist , and never stop . 
Forgot to tell you a week ago ! Watch < PROPFIRST > Pilgrim : The Movie ! It's the second time I've seen it and I still remember every < PROPFEMALE > I read for the last half a decade and it perfected it . If you don't like readin ' comics , watch this masterpiece of epicness !! 
Yay ! Done with homeWARk ! ( NERD ! ) Now i'm goin back to makin beats ! 
Can't Stress it enough ! Not only is < PROPFIRST > Pilgrim an awesome Comic mini-series , but is the best Comic Book/Video Game movie I've ever seen ! Big ups to the director of < PROPFIRST > of The Dead ! 
Kid Cudi's the only mainstream cat I like still :( 
-Stayin ' in for today , makin music for the crew I got lol 
Yay !! Just finish riffin ' a beat . This is mos def goin on Vol . 2 of my Summer Beats lol 
Anyone still like Vampire Weekend ? 
Sigh , I'm tired of makin everything better in my music . Imma sleep for an hour n see what I can do . Night ! 
Yay ! Online Shopping Here I Come LOL ! 
I know what I want for meez birthday , and I'm ready to pay for it . Akai's Portable MPC 500 . Holy shiz it's better than anything I got . I mean . ITS a PORTABLE MPC HOLY HEL- But ya , it's because my ole one might break soon and that 500 is < PROPFEMALE > , but packs a punch . 
Peace ! I'm out the door ( FINALLY SLEEPS ) 
$500 dangit ..... 
OMG ! I made teh best beat ever ! I love it . It's got soul and an awesome drum slap on it ! It's so good ! haha ! I'm a pirate arrgh ! 
Arctic Monkeys anyone ? lol 
YAY ! I'm looking up MPC 500 tutorials even though I won't get one for a good 5 months lol 
I'm listening to < PROPFIRST > Benatar for sample recording . Suggestions on anything from early 70's is welcomed , but I'm all good with my anthology on < PROPFIRST > lol . 
Imma go see < PROPFIRST > Pilgrim again with a few friends finally ! This'll be my third time watchin ' lol ! What an underrated movie . It deserves better . 
???????????????????????????????????????????????????? \ 
God is everywhere lol 
OMG !! My acoustic skills came back . Skill-ACSTC +12 . Time to make a compilation or beat ! Muhahaha ! 
Peace ! Imma be up to make somethin lol 
Love Sick ...... 
Yo ! Everyone hush up ! I don't make tracks on the spot . I'm not like < PROPMALE > Rock or J Dilla . I'm more of the Nujabes type . I take my time to make a perfect piece , then give it to that stork that is the record company lol . 
SO it turns out everyone in around the world except in Suprise , Arizona know about my collab with J . Period WTF people . We got 6 million downloads on our free release album last 2 years and you guys didn't even make a hit in the stats . You guys just hate listening to good music or what ? lol 
400 ????????????????????? \ 
Cause everyone doesn't give 2 sh*ts about you . 
When is Lil < PROPMALE > gonna grow up ? Oh wait .... he went the Tupac route ..... except ..... he actually did it .... unlike the awesome Shakur guy ..... sigh ... you get my drift lol . 
I just finished recording the rain for a good 10 minutes . I know what to do with it . It's coming soon lol . 
Yay ! 14 Request for my Summer-made album ! Hurrah ! Part 2's coming out next week ! Just wait lol ! 
Is playing and sampling Sonic the Hedgehog 3 . Thanks < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ! lol 
Last Excoricism is really good and overlooked , but ... the ending ...... \ 
Anyway , Takers was actually pretty fun if you're with friends . T.I. is haulin ' fo that < PROPFIRST > lol ! 
I've been playing Grand Theft Auto IV all night since 11pm . I forgot how much I loved this series . * Takes a quick grasp of humanity * 
F- YOU ALL !! HAHA ! I just won my first E-Bay Auction ! MUHAHAHA ! Rule DA WORLD ! HAHA !! 
Alright everyone ! I'm still overwhelmed by happiness , but I just finished mixin ' the \Summer Boredom Pt . 2\ " Mixtape ( CDs also included ! ) I'll see you guys at Monday . Enjoy ! " 
Sh*t is done ! I've finished burnin ' them discs ! Yay ! Hooray for self-confidence ! 
The bad part is that I still have this stuffy nose and my MPCs bout < PROPFEMALE > break lol . i'm making it's \Last Will \"." 
Did you ever stuff your mattress full of Rice Krispies and then piss the bed ? Snap , crackle , pop -- all night long . Good Night Everyone !! 
Yay ! 23 CDs were passed out !! Thanks guys ! Not just the peeps at school . It's to the other 9 people in public AZ that get into good music . Thanks ! lol 
Does anyone here like \It's Always < PROPFEMALE > in Philadelphia \"?" 
I've been listening to Radiohead ....... ALOT ...... 
YAY ! Castle Crashers is finally on PS3 !! Toast ! 
Alright ! Settle people ! I know you guys like the dang album ! More's to come , but ya'll's breakin my poor MPC * cries * lol ! Thanks for the good feedback though ! 
They just turned KFC's Kentucky Fried Chicken into Kountry Fresh Chicken , because it was ..... racist ? WTF yay ... 
Wait cross that ! They just wanted to take out Fried from the label -- WHICH IS STILL THE STUPIDEST FCKIN THING I've ever heard . Who the fck thought about this BS . Their chicken ain't healthy and it never will ! 
Wrist Control ... 
I wish the Call of Duty Modern Warfare series could have 2 games seperate in half off price of 20 bucks . Like , if people just wanted to play for the story , they got what they wanted instead of them hating on that MP . As for the rest of the 32 million , they get the Multiplayer yay .... 
Going The Distance has a really good plot and motive , but they just had to put the crude BS in there with the semen on the table . We get it ! It's corn custard ! 
I love how that pastor pulled a WWJD comment on burning Qu'rans at 9/11 . Fckin retards don't know a damn clue what they're talkin about . And it would be awesome to see in the end if that guy didn't burn them after all laughs at all of us for showing him and his < PROPFIRST > ass-church some publicity . God is what's in his head or whatever he wants it to be . This also deals with many discriptives being a bunch of hypocrites 
I just watched a movie called Happiness ...... and boy is that movie fcked up ..... i never felt more uncomfortable in my life . fck ...... I laughed to take away the tension :(((( 
I just watched an anime called Monster ..... holy hell , that was ground breaking . They didn't even have to make it anime !! If they got the right actors , it would be the best physiological thriller that is realistic and fckin nerve shattering to make you hate/not trust anything in your future profession . 
I just escaped the N.H.K. embassy . 
I was wrong . Perfume does smell good .... :( 
Killer 7 Killer 7 Killer 7 ................ IDK it's the best name for anything ever ..... 
I'm listening to Indian Soul Music ..... and ya .... really gettin into it . Thanks Masunaga ! You're pretty awesome ! lawl ! 
< PROPMALE > Tenenbaums made me love < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > all over again ! He's right up there with < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , except he has that indie feel . All of his movies- great , even Fantastic Mr. Fox LOL 
Watchin ' Cowboy Bebop . I forgot everything about this , and it's great that I did . Awesome show lol . 
Just watched a movie called \Brick . \ " love it ... :( " 
I'm going to Studio 7reen to get our first riff . Seriously I'm nervous and it's only been a weeks since we practiced on this rehearsal . I'm not even sure we'll ever get a gig anywhere . This ain't L.A. ya know ... 
< PROPFEMALE > is the worst female role model I ever conceived in the history of whatever lol 
lollololol ! I got < PROPFEMALE > Croft and the Guardian of Light as a gift haha ! Thanks < PROPMALE > ! I'll see ya at the jam lawl ! 
I''ve been minding this great Philly indie band Free Energy . Hell yah they're badass and now they're startin ' to get recognized ! Good for them , but they need more cowbell . lol Think of them as the band Weezer ...... except they don't suck like now . 
Oh ya . If you're into movies , check out Buried . It's < PROPFIRST > Reynolds stuck in a box the whole . Movie ..... Now laugh all you want , but this movie is the ish . I remember when me and the crew went to a press screening in SoutxSouthwest last year and everyone shutted up . I can't believe how entertaing it was , considering that it's in a frickin box the whole movie with a cast of 21 people ! WTF ! 
I am sad as hell and I don't know anyone who could cheer me up . And don't do that \Man-up dammit !! \ " bulsh*t . I'm exposed in the satirical comedy known as selfishness in the depths of selflessness . lol ( I don't really mean \ " lol\ " though .......... ) help " 
Me and the Sexy Llamas are back !! We're doing a Pixies ' cover of \Where is My Mind\ " ! FCK I'm so happy we're back ! " 
Kratzy just came back from his shorty Canada Tour and says he wants to gig with us lol . That was quick 
Anyone heard of the band OFF ! ? They just debut on TV live at 3am lol ! I'm talkin the guys who worked with Black Flag , Circle Jerks , Redd Kross . This is a hardcore punk band with the oldest of the young lol ! Check em out , they're gonna be up in the crowds soon . 
OMG SHT ! WE GOT A GIG ! WEHUAIOYHWHINKMKOKOFA !!! AND I FOUND THE CAM !! 
There camera's found , posted some old shite , packin my rent < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > , and off to the Marquee !!! WEEEEEE !!! WISH ME LUCK HAHAHAHAH !!!! 
JUST came back from practice but HOLY FCK !! WE DIDN'T SLEEP IN THAT GIG !! I think we came back at like 3amish and I had a headache , but that was not a night to miss for me ! THank you every drunk person that was in the Marquee ! Your passive raving will get the best of me lol . 
I GOT BLISTAZ ON MII FEENGAZ ! lawl ! 
I'm playing Jigsaw Falling Into Place by Radiohead on me A-coostick . Great < PROPFEMALE > , but retarded lyrics that's just begging you to take ecstasy in comprehension of it lol . 
Give me coffee and TV with a side of misery lol 
Just came back . Paranormal Activity 2 ....... was okay ..... why they made a sequel ? No idea , but at least it's somewhat of a prequel leading to mythology of it . I still hate that they made a 2nd one since it doesn't make the 1st believable anymore . :P 
I am not kidding . Word from our site shows that the new cameo for The Hangover 2 is < PROPMALE > Gibson . What the hell's the plot gonna be about , a bar-mitzvah ? hah ! 
I vote for the candidate in whoever's in \The Rent is Too Damn High\ " Committee " 
Anyone here heard of Demon's Souls ? FCK I can't get over how awesome it is ! 
Dammit ! WE lost < PROPFIRST > and we can't call him on anything . If ya see him please shout out ! 
Why are they mourning on this perfect day ? :( 
Yay ! Telecaster here I come !!! 
LOL I made a song in my head in just ten seconds . Three chords and you got a band . This one sounds of potential though . Make that 16 variations , plus a solo lol . 
hell ya ! we finally got the caution line straps for my guitar ready muhahaha ! 
LOL didn't see any shit support when Tupac was in jail . The fool was just j-walkin . WTF . Oh well * goes on a stroll * :P 
Undercover Brother anyone ? lol 
too busy . too busy and just too busy . Oh ya . me fingers now have strengthened muscle tissue mooooohahahaha ! 
OH NOES ! ME SOCIAL DISTORTION tickets ! ALL GONEZ ! :( SUPER SAD FACE :(((( 
Watching a white stripes concert while syncin ' with their cruddy guitar chord variations lol . I don't even like em that much :P go fig ' 
Drinkin V8 and trying to split me fingers to play F# dammit ! Don't tell your problems ! 
I really need < PROPFEMALE > drink a V8 . I'm bleeding :((( 
Sings with chords G D E C --- G D E C ( with a high octave of B) !!! Play that and you know what I mean . This is my intro for the song ! MUHHAHA ! I am in love !! 
Killzone 3 beta tournament yo ! My only days off from the gigs ! Come on ya'll!! 
Got < PROPFIRST > Pilgrim vs . The World on Blu-Ray muhahha !! 
Killzone 2 is da ish !! Too much cursin ' though . 
Like I said : it won't matter for me if the weed's legal now . Economy is at an all time low and we don't even give 2 ishes about it . 
Don't ya hate it when you just wanna play a game , when one girl just has to come up and begs me to annoyance just to add her on facebook . sigh . Shoots her then goes on with life * runs * 
Oh btw I'm sick :( muhaha ! * evil laugh * * coughs violently * seeya 
Anyone here like the band Blur ? 
Black Friday ...... that's it ..... oh ya Happy Thanksgiving everyone ! 
I'm done with Black Ops . Campaign story was amazing , but it's execution was horrid . Multiplayer was a blast ! I was always on the top of the game scorings , but I'm done . Not much into zombies so meh :( . Up next : Castlevania ! muhahaha ! 
And just like that I'm a singer and songwriter .... 
Castlevaniaaaa !!! 
haha 400 !! 
stupid stupids ! I haven't slept for 2 days ! Let me sleep and we'll go again for those damn free nachos ...... you have any idea how much cologne was tossed at me after that !? AGSHDAYfhA(*WR&*yN lol 
Yipee !! New shirts and Inception Blu-Ray muahahaha ! 
You did it again Aronofsky !! Black Swan is amazin'!! It's Requiem For A Dream with ballerinas !! ha ! 
Solo gig at 9 at the Marquee . Check me outs lol 
Minecraft is the ish ! I can't believe a 277kb game's making my computer lag ! 
Thanks Zeke for the Inception soundtrack lawlz ! 
Tommorow 
Good morning everyone sigh ....... oh ya ... have fun .... * falls asleep * 
I personally thought the album I just put out was highly mediocre . Sorry for slackin ' . I got a band now lol . What do you guys thinks ? 
I don't get that sh*t about when music's played to the crowd and the peeps just walk up there and do nothing ............ What ? What the hell did you walk up there for ? Sit back down lol 
Mornin Everyone ! 
Good evening ! 
I fudged up again guys !!! sorry ! I forgot to add sequential playback so you guys could here the music as I would like a story :( :( 
True Grit was actually really good ! An awesome remake ! As for Tron ..... WTF man , action scenes were cool , but besides that the rest is on a boring level . You gotta admit though , the CGI , the soundtrack by Daft Punk , and the visionary values were utmost amazing ! 
Hookin up with The Pillows soon . This is big for our band , cause we don't even know a lick-split of what they're saying cause their Japanese .... and that makes them cool ? Ya ... 
Going to Vegas then Cali in just a few minutes . Seeya ! Meow !! 
Radiohead Radiohead Radiohead ....... Sleep 
Why do we waste so much money on sh*t we don't need ? Is it for our economy ? What's for the better ? 
I can sing again haha ! 
Lol we just saw an awesome rendition of Idioteque by these guys named Broken Ventilation . Woot for them . great job ! 
Haha ! pub crawling lol !! 
Just came out of Hipsterville ......... wtf ..... cool 
20 stacks of pancakes ! 
And all is well in the world when your morality is blind .... 
I don't even care anymore . I've wasted too much time on my interests for too long . :D 
Me bwarth-day's tommowoh !!! Oh , but we're celebratin ' at Friday 
Dark Souls is Demon's Souls 2 !!! MUHAHAHA ! 
So I took Guitar class !....... but I also took TV/Broadcasting :(((( 
I just watched the Tribe Called Quest documentary ! I didn't know Phife Dog had Dyabeetus !! 
Who here has seen The Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind ? And not you < PROPFIRST > !! 
Someone said the stuff I listen to like Arctic Monkeys is the stuff you get high on . Do you believe that ? Cause apparently everything i listen to is something to < PROPMALE > on :(( 
86 Kills ----- 5 Deaths ----- Let's see how I'll shoot this Fridz lol 
Balloons and stuffed animals ..... what does it mean ?? 
I'm gettin back into my 16bit self . It's amazing how much good of games were in the SNES and Genisis . * buys cartridges from ebay * 
A video game about the Iranian Revolution through the eyes of everyone there ? Cool ..... 
Brown Syrup is there and I'm not ! WTF I gotta stop playing Final Fantasy so I could hook up wit em ! Garh ! 
KILLZONE 3 TONIGHT !! 
WALTZ WITH BASHIR ! 
Playin ' Minecraft while watchin Undercover Brother .... it's like < PROPMALE > N ' Cheese man lol 
the CAT , the DEMON , the STARCHILD 
He cut his finger with a scissor and it's still dangling due to the bone ! Cut it again ! 
Rango's awesome ! < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > plays a politician well in a horrid movie ! \ 
Stay Tuned ...... 
Why is he actin like Puff Daddy repeating everything I say sexually ? sshhhH ! 
Gawd DAMMIT !!! FCKIN DRAGON WARRIOR 3'S SAVE BATTERY DIED ! FCK ! @ !!! $ Whatever . just need $7 of equipment . \ 
oh ya ODD SOUND WOLFGANG KILL THEM ALL is my infuriation music .... 
Did anyone notice the \Resistance 3\ " Promos Billboards in Battle : Los < PROPFEMALE >??" 
FINALLi !! SUPER 8 !! Been looking forward to this since they announced it a year ago ! Also Sweeney < PROPMALE > ..... 
LOL ! I love when people hate the movies I review LAWLE ! 
Evangelion was awesome up until it focused on that fck-tard Shinji ...... \ 
DONT TELL ME YO FCKIN PROBLEMS !! BE ALONE AND DIE !! YOU CAN'T MAKE ANYTHING BETTER OF YOURSELF SO STOP TRYING ! 
So ya ...... I just finished Evangelion and boy- that ending ....... * shakes head in disappointment furiously * WOW ....... a 3 hour AA meeting is the ending ...... just wow .... 
SUMMER WARS WUMMER SARS SUMMER WARES !! IT'S BEEN A WHILE ! 
Now and Then , Here and There ......... 
I cried on that sh*t ! Wow I'm depressed now . The world that we live in these days ..... Everything I saw was exactly portrayed on what is going on in Afghanistan and every other place in non-motivated-war-affixiated country . I LOVE LIFE ! \ 
I AM PRO-LIFE ! DAMMIT ! TELL THE WORLD ! 
5 minutes in and I already made a Sonata on the piano lol 
You BETTER believe IT ! I just watched the GAYEST YAOI shit EVAR ! And when I mean gay- I MEAN in the literal term to \accept 5 year old boys to be transvestites\ " GAY ! WTF WAS I THINKING !?! ..................... no offense lol ................ \ 
Remind me why am I in this band ? I just came home with a scarring of a man getting his ear ripped off lol . 
5 Movie Soundtracks and $80 .......... what to do now .......... 
Baccano !! 
WOW ! Sucker Punch is COMPLETE SH*T ! I WARNED ALL YAHS ! lol\ 
And STILL ! Limitless takes the top ........ Oh ya ..... Lincoln Lawyer was pretty great ... 
Great ....... I have 6 songs that that I made now . I can only choose one for the dang composition ......... fudge . New jazz piece came in today . WTF man I just finished the tragic piece :( :( :( 
Live behind the Liquor Store of the I-35 Interchange- it's time for a COUPLE O ' COLD ONES !! 
Just played the whole Wind Waker soundtrack on piano . An hour n ' a half recorded ! check me out on Spill !! 
Fckin Hippy Jump over that fool- like we gonna rape em lol ! I LOVE YOU TOO ! 
It feels alone and boring when you play guitar- even with people around you ....... 
There ! Outset Island DONE ! ON DA WEBSITE CHECK !! lawls !! 
YA ! I\M GOIN ! SUPPORTIN YA SKEPTICA MUHA ! " 
YOOO YOOOO HAKUSHOOOOOOWWW !!! 
NRG = Energy lol .... And that's their name .... :( :D :( :( :(( 
Just finished playing MGS3's Snake Eater on guitar ! fckin A Minor ! 
We've got a new song we're gonna play next week ... \????????\" I think I should change my profile avatar ...... watcha think ? " 
YES ! It's coming back to me now ! MAKIN NEW BEATS !! 
Toxic Avenger meets < PROPMALE > HABER ! 
