Tomorrows gotta be a better day :-) 

listening to one of < PROPFIRST > Straits best - Easy Come Easy Go . Anybody know the song ? 
I'm gonna try and be better . I just happened to be on here because I heard about that great video < PROPFEMALE > was telling me about . Did you watch it ? 
It is listed for $ 160,000 3bd 2ba 1662 sq ft built in 2004 . 
Just finished a great class at Keller < PROPMALE > on Profit Share . 
It's getting ready to storm and my dogs are freakin out because they hate thunder . Not sure what to do for them they have always been this way . It just makes for a rough night . 
Is this weekend the tax free shopping weekend for back to school clothes ? I haven't heard anything about yet . 
Well I guess I'm helping with the Keller < PROPMALE > Golf Tournament . If anyone is interested in playing let me know and I will get you the details . 
Hey all you agents out there that are learning Facebook we are having a Facebook training class here at the Midwest City office tomorrow starting at 11 if any of you are interested just let me know . 
Ok I'm wiped out now . It has been a long day .... 
Ok I need to get some work done . 
Finally getting ready to leave the office . Tomorrow is going to be a long day of showing houses . I wish it was going to be cooler . 
What a long day . Had lunch with mom and she gave me some really bad news . Not sure why she would tell me in a public place because I was very upset about it . I will just have to pray about the whole thing . 
Yeah I'm going to get an offer signed on my property with 10 acres this afternoon . 
I capped yesterday ! Yeah !!! In case some of you don't know what that means at Keller < PROPMALE > when you reach 2 million in sales your on 100% commission !!! It's the Bomb !!!! 
Why don't realtors look at the showing instructions ? I look at them to be sure I am calling the office or whomever I just don't get it ! 
Enjoyed spnding time with the family today . We went to the water park and had a picnic . 
Woo hoo I got a counter offer accepted ! Now I can start packing for Mega Camp . 
I'm very frustrated with people stealing my real estate signs . Why ? Why ? Why ? 
Anyone interested in making a change or maybe you would like to get into real estate take a look at this http://www.youdrivethesuccess.com/ . 
Finally able to play catch up today . I'm so relieved now to start again tomorrow . 
Has anyone heard about the change to the First Time Home Buyers Credit ? I heard that it was going to be reduced $ 2,000 every quarter until the end of the year ? Is this true ? 
Help Realtors ! I am looking for a Buyers Specialist - I am in the Midwest City area so if you know anyone that might be interested please send me an email . They need to have an OK real estate license but I will train . My email address is lcrouch@hughes.net . 
< PROPFIRST > , TX ( December 21 , 2009 ) — Keller < PROPMALE > Realty joined the ranks of the top franchises in the world last week , when the company was ranked as the No . 1 real estate franchise on the 31st Annual Franchise 500 list by Entrepreneur magazine . During the same week , the company was also voted the Most Recognizable Brand of Real Estate Franchises for 2009 in an industry-wide survey for the Swanepoel TRENDS Report . 
Ok went to show a home this morning and my buyer stood me up . grrrr 
Boy I need to just go home . I just went to my listing appt and the seller forgot he had another appt and left a note on the door to call him to re schedule . 
Finally something good an accepted contract . Yeah ! 
No school for the kiddos tomorrow . Yeah 
Looking for a buyer specialist if anyone knows someone with a OK real estate license ? 
I need a girls night out ! I feel like all I do is work . 
I am looking to hire someone with an Oklahoma Real Estate License . If you know anyone let me know . 
Boy I really dread getting my daughters clothes ready for the consignment sale . It sure is a lot of work but I do make some money on it . Just not too motivated :-) I'm gonna try the JBF sale this year anyone else tried it ? 
Man I'm ready for this consignment sale to be over all ready and it hasn't even started yet . I'm so tired of pricing stuff . I hope it's worth it . 
I am looking for a part time real estate assistant 25-30 hrs a week . If you know of anyone email or give me a call . Thanks 
I'm ready for this day to end it's been horrible !!! I just want to go to bed and wake up to a new brighter day ! 
Today is a much better day . It's amazing how different a day can be . 
Thanks I'm gonna try . Lots to do ! Hope you get to feeling better ! 
I need a fence guy . Anyone know of someone that has reasonable prices for a wood privacy fence ? 
Just ordered tickets online to see Shrek in 3D with my little baby this weekend . 
Is getting ready to go show houses . 
Is anyone in need of a piano ? If you come get it and load it . It is yours ! 
Does anyone have any advice on putting together a trampoline ? Should I just pay sometome to do it for me ? If so who ? 
Does anyone know of someone for hire to put together a trampoline ? 
Someone please tell me why marriage is great ???? 
Good bye haters 
Getting ready for a listing appointment tomorrow . I hope all goes well . 
Workin on the 4th . Just finished writing an offer . 
Whitewater 4 hrs - 3rd degree burns on scalp 2 days and counting . 
Had a great lunch with all the realtors at Keller < PROPMALE > Realty - Midwest City 
New lesson learned today - Builders don't care if you have been working with buyers or not ( even if your clients tell them about you ) they will write the offer and not think twice about cutting you out . What goes around comes around ! 
The Keller < PROPMALE > Office in Midwest City is getting a new roof and the pounding is giving me a headache ! 
If anyone knows of someone needing a job I have a client in construction that needs some help . Send me a message . 
Ready to start the day showing houses ! It's going to be a great one . 
My baby's first day of school - sooo sad ! I feel for all the mothers out there . 
What a great night to see Jupiter . < PROPFEMALE > loved it-You won't be able to see it this good again until 2022 . 
Been down a week and a half and I am really ready to get back to work . 
Just had lunch with my BFF < PROPFEMALE > she's the greatest ! 
We had a great cookout at the Keller < PROPMALE > in Midwest City . Pictures will be coming tomorrow . My camera was left at the office . 
Hoping today is a great day !! 
Hangin out with the kiddos at the roller skating rink . The limbo is cracking me up ! 
Just had a great lunch with my Midwest City crew for my birthday ! Thanks Guys !! Your Great ! 
Remington Park for my birthday was great ! I pretty much broke even so that's always good 
Midwest City - Keller < PROPMALE > is having their Thanksgiving Dinner Tomorrow- YUM , YUM ! Everyone is invited - just bring a side dish or dessert !! We would love to have you :-) 11 to ?? 
Keller < PROPMALE > Midwest City just had an awesome Thanksgiving Dinner . It was so nice to see everyone ! 
Went to see Megamind with my daughter < PROPFEMALE > last night and we had a blast ! The music to the movie was really good it made you want to dance when you came out ! Everyone should take their kids ! 
Everyone watchout for deer ! I just had one cross in front of me after I dropped my daughter off at school . 
Does anyone have any ideas for a closing gift for a guy ? This one always stumps me . 
Congratulations to < PROPFIRST > Marsh on purchasing his new home today ! 
Does anyone know where to get a cool advent calendar for kids ? 
Keller < PROPMALE > Green Meadow is having their annual door decorating contest-Stay tuned for great pics . 
Can't believe it is actually snowing ! 
Just posted a pic of my new hair color . What do you think ? 
Had a great time playing Dirty < PROPFEMALE > at the MWC Christmas party ! 
Congratulations to Justus Bosquez ! He just closed on his new house-Merry Christmas !! 
Congratulations < PROPFEMALE > Radke on your new home ! Have a Great Christmas ! 
Ok Facebook friends Please let me know if you know of anyone that would make a great real estate assistant . I am looking for someone fulltime in the Midwest City area . 
Wow , I just found out that I have been named one of Oklahoma's FIVE < PROPFEMALE > Real Estate Agents for 2011 ! Thanks to all my wonderful clients ! 
Just finished posting my ad for a real estate assistant . Let me know if anyone knows of someone looking . I will also be looking for a buyers agent in the next few months . 
My baby is sick . Getting ready to take her to the doctor . I hope she doesn't have the flu . There were 9 other kids in her class out today . 
Well I thought I was gonna be able to get some stuff done while I was home with a sick child but she was not having it . I think I heard Momma every 5 minutes . 
My little girl is sick again . Taking her to the doctor this morning . I hope she doesn't have strep again . 
Why do some people on FB feel the need to share their negative feelings ? It only makes them look bad in the end and brings to light their true personality . 
Do any realtors out there have a copy or an example of a confidentality agreement and a non compete clause they could send me ? If so please send to me at lindacrouch@kw.com 
Me and < PROPFEMALE > just made a batch of brownies ! Yum :-) 
Off to start showing houses ! It's going to be a great day ! 
Went to see < PROPMALE > Ramsey LIVE today and it was AWESOME !!!! 
Ready to call it a day ! 
Headed to Keller < PROPMALE > Realty awards ceremony !! 
Congratulations to all the Keller < PROPMALE > Realty Award winners !! 
Is there a fire in Choctaw ? 
My daughters daycare has been evacuated 
Keller Williams/Ideal Homes 2nd Annual Education Summit was Great ! 
I am swamped today how is everyone else ? 
Waiting on a pre approval with a contract in my hand- Ready to go ! 
Happy Mothers Day ! To all the wonderful \ 
Mothers out there ! 
Thanks to OCA for a great lunch yesterday ! 
Woo hoo , Guess who just capped at Keller Wiliams MWC 
Not a great day to take pictures of any houses ! 
Getting ready to go to the Thunder game ! Woo hoo ! 
Congratulations to the Carpenters on their new home purchase ! We had a great closing at OCA in midwest city with Davonna from First United Bank . 
Hey does anyone know someone that has a real estate license that would be interested in becoming a buyer specialist in Midwest city/OKC area ? 
Worn out ! I just need to give it up for the night and go to bed . 
Busy real estate team needs an assistant . If anyone knows someone let me know . 
Brokers Open today at 4801 Old School House Rd , Choctaw from 11:30 till 1:00 . Great food , prizes and company ! ( Quail < PROPFIRST > Addition - 44th & Choctaw Rd ) 
Wow , just heard about some controversy about planking . What the heck ? 
Just found out that I won one of the drawings at the Rivendell brokers open today . Thanks to < PROPFEMALE > from First Mortgage Co . 
Just heard that our OKC mls is getting rid of the early payment discount and NAR dues are going up ! 
So many things to do ! Trying to tell myself to FOCUS ! 
Boy , family is crazy is all I can say- Well maybe dysfunctional is a better word ! 
Looking for a really good painter for the choctaw area . If u know of anyone please send me their info . 
Bond money still available . Get into a house for as little as $500 down . Give me a call at 405-694-5811 . 
Headed to the new outlet mall . 
Hey does anyone know of a Keller < PROPMALE > agent that has some sign for sale ? I need some ! Help 
Ok everyone needs to \Like\ " our new Keller < PROPMALE > Midwest City < PROPFEMALE >." 
Anyone looking for a house and 5 acres in Choctaw ? It also has a shop . 
Does anyone have any Keller < PROPMALE > signs for sale ? I need to buy some . 
Don't forget to come by my Open House tomorrow ... 9/10/11 from 2-4 pm , 1799 Moran Road in Choctaw . 
Price reduction on 4313 < PROPFEMALE > Ridge Drive in Moore . MLS # 466286 . $ 162,500 
Headed to KW Mega Agent Camp in < PROPFIRST > ! 
