I know I'm a little late , but Happy New Year everyone !!!! Paps doing much better then i expected ! Which makes me happy ! 

i suppose i need to put a picture up hmm maybe 1 day but apparently not this 1 
Ha ! The more ppl i find or find me the more i check i hope this site doesnt contain CRACK as a secret ingredient ... 
I've made up my mind . This site is cyber quicksand ... 
sorry to all the farmvill and mafia players ... But , i dont think ill be doing that . 
I think i should keep my alchohol intake to 2 drinks .. 4 makes me a little too much fun . 
The Steelers ar gonna kick that burgundy arse . 
I love listening to my 3 yr . old sing along with his cartoons . 
I hate the rain !!! 
OK IT\S GAMETIME !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Peace . " 
Boooooo . I have to take < PROPMALE > home soon . 
I reply to the message < PROPFEMALE > sent me . I would love for ppl who have old pics of me to put them up . lol 
ill have to get a better picture lol 
I have sent a friend request to every Zoretic on Facebook . I'm not sure if we are all family or not . But , if we all talk I'm sure we can find out . Nice to meet you all either way . 
So . What am I gonna do Friday ? Any suggestions ? 
i am soooooooooo tired ... 
Going to bed at 9 and getting up at 9 seems like it would make you feel rested ... But it didnt work i still feel drained . 
Well , we are all grown up now . And my conclusion is ... I wish i had taken my time to get here 
Somebody on tv just said that Flava Flav looked like a skeleton rapped in electrical tape . lmao 
Whose ready for a 3 day weekend ? Can i get a hell yeah !!! 
I have had such a great week ... And for me that's saying alot ... 
Please dont open any links that may have been sent to you by me . I havent posted any Video links . If any have been sent to you it DON'T OPEN IT !!!! It seems to be a virus . 
Well , now i have FB back , faces from my past beware ! I will find you !!! lol 
Morning everyone . Hope you have a good weekend . 
So whos ready for Turkey Day ? I know i sure wish i could eat like i used to !!! 
I need to write an autobiography entitled \This Shit Should Come With A Manual !! \"" 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone . I hope you enjoy your meal and the people you eat it with !!! 
Happy B-day < PROPMALE > !!! 
Well , now that Thanksgiving is past , it's time for the Christmas stress to settle in ... 
What would you do for a Klondike Bar ? 
Leave one memory that you and I had together . It doesn't matter if you knew me a little or a lot , anything you remember ! Don't send a message , leave a comment on here . Next , re-post this in your notes and see how many people leave a memory about you . It's actually pretty cool ( and funny ) to see the responses 
I wish sleep came a little easier .... 
Just to let everyone know . I have cleaned my pc and upgraded my protection . The virus links have been removed . My < PROPFEMALE > and links ae safe . 
I really havent been in the Christmas Spirit this year .... 
Considering this is < PROPFEMALE > , we're getting pounded with snow !!! AHHHHHHHH !!!! I need summertime back !!!!! 
Yuck ! Got close to 10\ and it's starting to snow harder .... " 
17\ in my yard ... " 
For all of you that were happy to see the snow come , now that youre digging out do you still like it ? lol 
And to all the farmville players .. Please im not gonna start playing farmville !!! 
News : Police in Ohio say the mother of < PROPMALE > has been charged with assault following a brawl at a game-watching party in a community hall . [-] Impact : Akron police say 62-year-old < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > was one of three people cited after the fight at a Veterans of Foreign Wars post Thursday . Police say it's not clear why the party turned violent about 10 p.m. , during < PROPMALE>'s 13-6 upset of division foe Pittsburgh 
We survived quite possibly the most bonehead play call in football history . In the future < PROPFIRST > , NEVER CALL FOR AN ONSIDES KICK WHEN YUO HAVE THE LEAD AND THE DEFFENCE ISN\T PLAYING THIER BEST !!!!!!!! " 
Wow ! Finally done with Christmas shopping . This is such a stressful time . Dealing with the weather , shopping , and the rest of life that doesnt stop just cause its the holidays . Then you get to see that it was all worth it when the kids wake up on Christmas morning . Hope everyone has a very < PROPFEMALE > Christmas !!! 
People say that you make your own luck ... I must have the wrong ingredients . 
When you feel like beating your head agianst the wall , should you ? 
I wish I could go to < PROPFEMALE > . on a good note for once . 
I'm going to be driving further into winter while most are celebrating the arrival of the New Year ... 
I don't think it's gotten above 20 degrees since I've been here ...... < PROPFEMALE > . winter is some of the reason I don't move back . My kids are rest rest of the reasons I don't move back . 
Another snow storm on way ... When did the first stop ? 
Should have stayed home ..... 
Looks like I'll get to go home today !!! 
Home at last !!! 
Off to bed . In my bed !!! 
I wish I were 10 still ! Life was easy then ... 
For such a small word , No , is hard to say ... 
There's been a report of a naked drunkard riding a lawnmower down the highway . But don't worry everyone , I'm just headed to the store . 
< PROPMALE > loves the Wii < PROPFEMALE > got him , but he can't tell the difference between Wii games and 360 games .... 
If a key opens a lot of locks , then it's a master key . But when a lock is opened by many keys , then it's a shitty lock ... think about it . ~ < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Sharrin 
My time will come .... 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status , and put the first entry for your name under comments . 
More snow on the way ... This has got to be the worst winter < PROPFEMALE > has seen in quite some time . 
The snow removal plan in < PROPFEMALE > is a JOKE !!! 
2 ' of snow outside and the driveway is now clear . Sounds like a good time for a few Run-n-Cokes and some T.V. 
More snow on Tuesday , then agian on Friday ..... Did someone take me to < PROPFEMALE > . without my consent ? 
Did anyone actually want the Colts to win outside of Indiana ? Congratulations Saints on your first Superbowl Title . 
Everyone and thier brother is expecting snow . Now we all know it's coming . I wonder if < PROPFEMALE > Department of Transportation knows it's coming . We've seen how thier last miniute plans work out ..... 
Clouds are looking heavy and gray . When are they going to dump ? 
Wow ! < PROPMALE>'s going to be 4 years old Monday . Where does the time go ? 
It's hard to tell anymore . Is it more important to have something to share or someone to share it with ? There are valid points to each . 
:( A man shouldn't have to work nights and days at the same job ... But payday could be worse . Can't wait til i straighten out all the screw-up the last supervisor did . Then my schedule will be normal . 
Tired ... 
I'm going to miss you Pap ..... 
I'm afraid my family is going to fall apart without my Grandfather as the glue . 
Headed back home soon . Honestly , I can't wait . I feel like an ass saying that but , Im fast coming up with more bad memories then good ones here . 
Wow ! I'm so glad to have my son this weekend . I've missed him so much . 
Happy Mother's day to all of you mothers . Especially my own !!! 
Work sucked today . Only got 5 hrs . in which also got me a little over 5 < PROPMALE > walked ... 
Would someone please help me get this straitjacket off ??? I really hinders my performance . 
Fox 5 news reported : ATTENTION !!! DO NOT \ 
join the group currently on facebook with the title \Becoming a father \ 
What to do ??? 
While you SCREAM at your woman , there's a man wishing he could whisper softly in her ear . While you HUMILIATE , OFFEND and INSULT her , there's a man flirting with her and reminding her how wonderful she is . While you HURT your woman , there's a man wishing he could make love to her . While you make your woman CRY , there's .. a man stealing smiles from her . Post this on your wall if you're against Domestic Violence . 
Curse this rain ! 
Stressing over things doesn't make them better . Just more stressful . 
What to do with < PROPMALE > this weekend ??? 
I know I keep my emotions bottled up , but it's for your protection . 
Can someone trade me shoes ? I really would like a break from walking in mine . 
Is it wrong to want something you know you can't have ? 
6:30 Bored as hell ! :( 
Bedtime . 4:30 comes early . 
What to do today ? Other than the Home Depot run . 
Would have liked to go out to Water's Edge tonight . Only a 14 1/2 hour day puts a damper on things . 
And agian , I appreciate that everyone wants me to be thier neighbor , in thier mob , sheck on thier crops , and look at thier fishtank . With that being said . It's to no avail . All i do is block the applications . Sorry if I disappiont you , but no thanks . 
Got to get up Sunday morning at 2:30 A.M. to go to work . Got to do a job thats north of Philly . :( 
Off to bed .... 
Well , been at the office for a bit . Someone had the bright idea of parking not 1 but 2 trailors blocking my truck in . Hope they get here soon to let me out ! 
I could be sleeping . :( 
14 hrs and 14 minutes on te clock with no work to be shown for it . Turns out we couldn't do the job . That's what you get for doing over the phone/fax estimates . 
All I want is a little of the good life . All I need is to have a good time ! 
Today is a new day . 
Damn ... I have to work Saturday and Sunday this weekend . 
2 hours before bedtime . What should I do ? 
Muck < PROPFEMALE > !!!! Not only do I have to work all weekend , but I have to get up at 4 a.m. to do so . :( 
Sleepy 
How many of us really know all of the people on our friend list ? Here's what I ask of you . I want all of the people on my list to comment on how you met me . After you have completed this , repost this in your status box . You will be amazed at how interesting this query can be ! I must confess this is not my original idea but it is a good one 
Overtime . Sucks everyday but payday ! 
UGH !!! 
I hate when the little nap becomes 3 hours . Makes me feel like shit and I'm gonna have a hell of a time going to bed tonight . :( 
Need new book . 
The sun has melted me ... 
< PROPMALE > had a blast in the pool today . Wish I'd thought to take a few pics . 
Is it wrong to use the sleeper hold on your child when you need a break ? lmao 
Today was miserable . I hate my job . But as < PROPFEMALE > pointed out recently . Atleast I have a job . 
Finally !!! A decent day to work outside and it's a short day . 
Smile and wave boys , smile and wave ... 
Well , I have been off the clock for an hour and find out my ride is still 2 hours away . Damn I should have driven in this morning . That's what I get for car pooling . 
Tired ..... Need a real vacation ! And that doesn't include sleeping on someone couch . 
Got to work in the morning . But I do have sunday off . :) 
Why ??????????? 
Happy Father's Day ! 
Anyone have a personal air conditioner ? I could really use one for work . 
Home early ! Got to do a night job tomorrow tho :( starts at 10 pm . 
Change of plans ... Got a call at 9pm telling me i have to be at the office at 5 am . 
Hot !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
We're now at 13 days of 90+ degree weather in Northern < PROPFEMALE > for the month of june . 
No work today . Bring on the sun ! 
Off til tuesday ! :) 
hHappy Fourth of July all ! 
4 day weekend gone in record shattering time . :( 
Dear Karma , \ 
Could you please give an estimated date in which I'll be even ? \ 
Respectfully , \ 
< PROPFIRST > Zoretic 
It's fun to watch < PROPMALE > play Call of Duty online . But , he wrecking my kill/death ratio ! lol 
bedtime ! 3:30 comes early . Especially on Sunday ! 
bored ..................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................... 
Why are weekends so short ? :( 
I love being a parent !!! Kids do the coolest things sometimes . I'm lucky to have 2 great boys !!!!!! 
I don't know what's faster today . My grass growing or my internet ??? 
3:30 mornings are rough . 
I want it one way . But it's the other .... 
I'm not at work anymore so bring on the sun !!!!!!!!!!!! 1 
If you like to show ppl how well you can crush things with you head , don't worry . It's probably not good for much more . 
Damn . It's still 87 degrees here ! 
I hate my job . I hate my job . I hate my job !!!!! 
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes ! Other than being at work by 3AM AND NOT GETTING OUT TIL AFTER 5pm :( It was just fine . \ 
P.S. I am not old !!!! 32 is nothing . You do have the permission to call me old when I have Grandchildren , but until then ..... NO ! 
NEED SLEEP !!! I think I got more overtime hours at work than sleep hours this week . :( 
Asks ... If u saw me bein arrested ... what do u think it would be for ? ( ANSWER BELOW PLZ ) 
way past bedtime . 
Got the day off . Picked < PROPMALE > up for a few hours . Got to clean and do laundry . 
I need a Vacation !!! 
more night work ....... 
Almost time to leave for work .... 
Off the weekend ? I don't know ..... Gotta love my schedule ! hehehe schedule 
S.O.B. I hate the rain ! I want to work !!!!!!!!!!!! 
Can the rain end ? I think we're soggy enough ! 
Why do I feel like crap today ??? 
Ahhhh ! Survived another day at work !!!!!!!!! 
Is there ever a time when giving up is the best plan ? 
I PLEDGE ALLEGIANCE TO THE FLAG OF THE UNITED STATES OFAMERICA AND TO THE REPUBLIC FOR WHICH IT STANDS , ONE NATION UNDER GOD . INDIVISIBLE , WITH < PROPFEMALE > AND JUSTICE FOR ALL . ( I grewup saying thisevery morning in school - it's a shame we no longer do that for fear ofoffending someone . ) NOW , LET'S SEE HOW MANY AMERICANS WILL REPOST THISAND NOT CARE ABOUT OFFENDING SOMEONE 
Hi ! hehe 
Need a change .... 
When i order my clone can i customize it to like work more than i do ? 
Work is really interfering with my family time . I hate working weekends ! 
Wish i had a 3 day weekend .... 
Emergency room visits suck ! 
traffic sux but the coffee is hot . 
Gonna head out for a bit tonight . 
What to do , what to do ? 
Lets go Steelers ! Living this close to Baltimore makes me hate them that much more ... 
Ugh ! slowest Saturday ever . C'mon gametime ! This is gonna be a great game for all football fans . 
That's the way to start things Pittsburgh ! 
We got to hold on to the ball guys ! 
Woohoo !!!! 
Pittsburgh Steelers gonna get number 7 in 2011 ! 
Yay ! I get a few extra hours with < PROPMALE > today ! 
Wow ! Yesterday's game still has me excited . Then the Patriots lose . Good times in Steeler Nation ! 
With the physical play of the Pittsburgh Steelers and the pressure of the AFC Championship game , do the Jets have what it takes to win ? I don't think so . 
So < PROPMALE > wakes up this morning and the first thing he says is \Do you know what day it is ? It's FOOTBALL DAY ! \"" 
Didn't anyone tell the Jets that Hienz Field is in the center of a no fly zone !!? 
Steeler Nation stand up and support your gridiron gods ! 
And the Terrible Towels are a wavin ! 
Black n Gold gettin it done ! 
We goin to the ship ! Here we go Steelers , here we go ! 
OMG ! The next two weeks are going to take forever ... 
The Packers huh ? Grilled cheese anyone ? 
Maybe it's time ... 
Wish sleep came easier to me ... Narcotic free of course . Don't do pills . Unless absolutely necessary ! 
We've been here before Steeler Nation . And we're in the Superbowl . It's early with a lot of football to go . We got this . 
Win or lose I love my Steelers ! It great having you home team the most loved and hated team in < PROPFEMALE > . 99% of ppl that were glad to see Pittsburgh lose are not Green Bay fans , but are fans of teams that wish they had as many Superbowl wins as us . 6-2 in the most watched and gambled on sporting event in the world . So for all you hates out there thank you for making The Pittsburgh Steelers even more celebrated ! 
Happy birthday < PROPMALE > ! 5 years old already . Wow !! School starts in September for you ! <3 you ! 
Too early to be at work on a Sunday . 
Hmmm . What's on your mind ? 
Long day . Tomorrow will be much better . < PROPMALE > is going to be here ! 
The wind is crazy out there . Knocked out my power . 
Boo ! Taking < PROPMALE > home at 2 . What to do after that . 
Street Cred . as a < PROPMALE > man makes me laugh . As millionaires , credibility on E . 99th street buys you a bullet the same as it does a crackhead . But , that same amount of credibility on Wall Street buys you anything you ever wanted . 
Strange , strange dream last night . Someone stayed the night with me and took off before morning leaving her baby behind . And the only thing that bothered me about is was I didn't have a baby car seat . 
TGIF ! < PROPMALE > days are here again ! 
Missing < PROPMALE > already . Wish Christian would come by more often . 
I need to get away . 
A visit to Pennsylvania may be in my near future 
TThe insides of my eyelids are looking quite sexy right about now . Hope everyone enjoyed St. < PROPFIRST>'s Day ! 
< PROPMALE > has to go home today . :( 
The job I'm finishing today had all the hated work in remodeling . 1 : I hate insulation . 2 : I hate sanding drywall . 3 : I date painting . But , in the end , I love a happy customer ! 
Did I really just sit here and watch \Marmaduke ? \"" 
May have to postpone my < PROPFEMALE > . trip . Got another job that has to be done next week . Maybe the week after that . 
Another estimate tomorrow . Then I get to pick < PROPMALE > up ! I love my weekends with him . 
I have such a hard time doing estimates . I look at the work and see what I'd want for the work . Then I think of the prices I've seen other companies charge , and it makes me feel like I'm short changing the shit out of myself . 
Why do I wake every morning 5-7 minutes before my alarm clock . And why do those few minutes seem the most important !? 
70 and < PROPFEMALE > ... HELL YEAH !!! 
