< PROPFEMALE > , how are your footsies doing ? Are they responding to the UV treatments ? 

Going to bed now . Nighty-night all ! 
How long does RenFest last , Chrissie ? 
Hi , everyone ! 
If you and I woke up in jail together , what FOUR words would you say ? 
How do I make my crops grow and not wither before I can harvest them ? 
OK Mother Nature , there is only so much clothing we can take off without getting arrested ! Too Hot ! 
WHAT MEDIEVAL CLASS ARE YOU ? -- My Result : Peasant . http://quizme.heroku.com/quizzes/811289/referrals/status?aid=1440525253 
OYEZ ! OYEZ ! OYEZ ! I , Emerika Eichenwald , do hearby avow that the Good Gentles of the Shire of Calanais Nuadh , in the Kingdom of Calontir , are the kindest , friendliest , and most fun of all Persons in the Knowne World !!! ( Thanks again for the wonderful birthday surprise last night gang ! The cake was lovely and DELICIOUS , and the card was FUN !!! :-D ) 
#11 UNIVERSITY OF MISSOURI TIGERS 36 -- #1 university of oklahoma sooners 27\ 
\ 
AAAAAAWWWWWWEEEEEESSSSSSOOOOOOMMMMMMEEEEEE !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
OK , Texas lost to Iowa State ( WTF ? ) , but the Mizzou win and the Texas Rangers ' win over the New York ( Damn ) Yankees to get to the World Series for the FIRST TIME EVER , more than makes up for it !!!! 
OMG !!!!!!! 
OK , everybody , I now know what I want for Christmas : The special 2-movie DVD set of Fantasia and Fantasia 2 that Disney is releasing in honor of the 70th anniversary of the release of the first Fantasia ! i love those 2 flix !!!! 
The Political Idealogy Quiz -- My Result : Very Liberal . http://quizme.heroku.com/quizzes/14397/referrals/status?aid=1440525253 
Let's see how creative my Facebook friends are ... Leave me a 1-word comment that best describes me using the THIRD letter of your FIRST name ... It can only be 1 word ... Then copy and paste this to your wall so I can leave a word about you ... Don't just post a word and not copy ... That's no fun :-P 
PLEASE put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who has been eaten by dragons . Dragons are nearly unstoppable and , in case you didn't know , they can also breathe fire . 93% of people won't copy and paste this , because they have already been eaten by dragons . 6% of people are sitting in the shower armed with fire extinguishers and the remaining 1% are awesome and will re-post . 
OK , so I was up at my usual 0340 to get ready for work , went outside , got in the car - it started up beautifully - and made THREE hopeless attempts to get up our snow-covered hill to get to work . AAAAAAUUUUUUGGGGGGHHHHHH !!! I love winter , except when I can't make it to work !!!!! : ' -( 
I'm not super superstitious , but this year JULY has 5 Fridays , 5 Saturdays and 5 Sundays . This happens once every 823 years . This is called money bags . So Copy this to your status and money will arrive within 4 days . Based on Chinese Feng Shui . The one who does not copy ,... will be without money . I cannot let that person be ME ! ( Also this year 1/1/11 , 1/11/11 , 11/1/11 , 11/11/11 will occur ! ) 
WARNING !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! WARNING !!! There's a virus going around FB called SOMA ( sitting on my ass ) If your friends have it , you do too . In fact , if you are reading this , you may have been already infected ! Please copy & repost 
< PROPFEMALE > { SIGH ! } 
I AM A HANDFUL - unfortunat ely most women WON'T re-post this . I'm strong willed , independen t , a bit outspoken , and I tell it like it is . I make mistakes , I am sometimes out of control and at times hard to handle but I love and give with all my heart . If you can't handle me at my worst then you sure don't deserve me at my best . If you are a HANDFUL , re-post ! I dare you .. I'll be looking for the ladies who re-post ! 
?????????????? ??????????????????????? \ 
It's Nieces ' Week ! If you have a beautiful niece or nieces that you\ 
love more than you can describe , copy and paste this to your\ 
status for a little while , but hold them in your heart for a lifetime ! 
is playing today's game-PLACE OF BIRTH ! Everyone please play ! You will find it interesting to know where your FB friends birth places are . Copy & paste this on your profile , then put your place of birth at the end of this sentence : Erlangen , ( West ) Germany 
With time , women gain weight because we accumulate so much information & wisdom in our heads that when there is no more room , it distributes out to the rest of our bodies . So we aren't heavy , we are enormously cultured , educated & happy . Beginning today , when I look at my butt in the mirror I will think ; Good Grief , look how smart I am , I must be a genius !! ~ Ladies repost if you agree 
