Come look at the new photos of my little man 

Is somewhat confused about things that have happened 
went baby shopping crazy today !! 
Bought a stroller today at Target ! woo-hoo !!! 
is really wishing she would have gotten pregnant in the winter 
wonders why people continue to put their lives on television ? ( aka < PROPFIRST > & < PROPFEMALE > plus 8 ) 
is wishing it was Friday already 
Is thinking it feels weird when my baby kicks . Weird but wonderful ! 
Is really happy she is only working 3 full days this week , because she needs a vacation ! 
Is disgusted that a radio station targeted at teenagers ( Z 107 ) plays commercials for Planned Parenthood and the morning after pill at every single break 
is watching some < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > videos on youtube 
3 Day weekend !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
finally made a baby registry today 
is tired and possibly a little crabby 
is ready to have this baby already !! :) 
needs some tums and fast !!! friggin ' heart burn 
finally started working on her scrapbook 
is really worn out from cleaning 
is contemplating a change 
is really ready for the weekend 
33 weeks today .. getting close to the big show !!!!! 
just took the most wonderful nap 
baby shower tomorrow !!! 
Had a very long day , but got a ton of great gifts . Thanks everyone ! 
is officially tired of being pregnant 
is not sure she can handle the whole labor process . Anyone have some words of encouragement ? 
isn ' t feeling so hot today .... 
was really thinking she was in labor the other day ... 
isn't quite sure how she feels about being on maternity leave already , but doctor knows best 
thinks this baby wants out now , by the way he is kicking me today !! 
feels kind of dizzy and nauseous 
why do I feel like this ...? 
is ready to meet my son ...... but still 3 more weeks . 
has her windows open in August .... CRAZY !!!!!!! 
37 weeks and counting down the days 
is having some < PROPMALE > heart burn ! 
was really hoping the doctor was going to tell me labor was right around the corner , but no such luck 
kinda bored .... 
just ordered something very fun .... :) 
38 weeks .... are we ever going to get this party started ?! 
only 13 more days !...... hopefully 
Very little progress .... Damn I want this baby out already !! 
feels like crap ... 
Is wondering if labor is coming soon ...? 
is seriously considering moving to Alaska 
watching my favorite show ... Friends 
saw 2 eggs at the park today , could this be a sign that my son is going to be hatched today ...? 
not quite yet ... but maybe soon ? 
is hoping all the cleaning she did will put her into labor very soon 
1 cm dilated ...... and the big hoorah is underway , I think ....?! 
my house has never been so clean in my entire life ... nesting anyone ...? 
is desperately trying to have this baby 
is desperate to have her son 
blah ... 
2 more days ... come on son you can do it !! 
could it be tomorrow ? 
could it PLEASE be tomorrow ....? 
alright now .... let's get this damn show on the road already !!!! 
well ... I guess my due date is going to come and go . 
still no baby ... 
If washing the outside of my house doesn't make me go into labor , I don't think anything will ... 
Alright , I have tried everything ! I think this baby just wants to stay in !!!!! 
going to the doctor and hopinh to hear some good news 
going to the doctor and hoping to hear some good news 
is being induced on Thursday 
is getting a little nervous about tonight .... 
is enjoying her son < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Larson born September 17 , 2009 at 8:26 pm weighing 6 pounds 6 ounces and 19 inches long !! 
can't believe her beautiful son is 5 days old already 
< PROPFIRST > is 1 week old today 
< PROPFIRST > is the love of my life 
< PROPFIRST > is 2 weeks old today !!!! Growing so quick 
nice to see everyone today 
< PROPFIRST > is 19 days old 
I can't believe 3 weeks have gone by already ... 
is it ever going to stop raining ?!! 
finally feeling like myself again 
had a great day today 
going Halloween costume shopping 
Did not find any costumes for < PROPFIRST > and I 
< PROPFIRST > slept from 10 to 6 last night ... at 5 weeks old ! I know it probably won't last . 
< PROPFIRST > is 6 weeks old today 
Happy Halloween 
thinks < PROPFIRST > is going to be taller than her by the time he is 5 ! 
feels extremely blessed to have such a wonderful life 
< PROPFIRST > is already 2 months old ........ crazy 
If anyone in or around Collinsville needs a part time job , let me know . We NEED people !!! 
If anyone knows of any jobs out there .... please let me know 
Has had a very rough week and needs some serious prayer right now 
Things are getting better one day at a time 
got a job !! 
Had a great first day of work 
has her own office and everything , I'm movin ' up in the world ! 
is ready for some warmer weather already !! 
wonders how she got so lucky to be so blessed 
can't believe so much poop can come out of one little guy !!! 
< PROPFIRST > will be starting baby food this weekend , wow what a big boy ! 
we had to hold off on the baby food , but < PROPFEMALE > next weekend ...? 
What is thia whole pants on the ground song thing ? Where or what is it from ? 
Is kind of over the whole American Idol thing .... let's do something different for a while now . We are over the 40 million people who can't sing , and the 4 who actually can . 
more flippin ' snow !! Are we ever going to make it to spring ?! 
My little car just did not want to go this morning , I thought my butt was gonna have to get out and walk !! 
< PROPFIRST > is 5 months old already , I can't believe it ! 
Bought a different car for my hubby today ... :) 
Good morning Monday ! Feeling really good this morning . Got < PROPFIRST > baptized yesterday , had a great day ! 
< PROPFIRST > said dada for the first time last night , I was amazed !! 
Just heard an N'SYNC song .... OMG ! 
thinks Pandora is the best website ever !! 
Dillards is having a big sale .... who wants to go shopping this weekend ? 
Doing the family thing today ... love having family time . 
is tired of hearing about Tiger Woods !!! 
Knows a secret about someone ..... :) 
is ready for the warm weather !!!!!!! :) 
who wants to go play outside with me ? 
Doesn't understand life sometimes ...? 
So happy for my pregnant mama < PROPFEMALE > ... she is having a boy . Boys are so much fun ! 
Have you ever had one of those dreams that made you stop and go \whoa .... that was weird ...? " 
Why do so many women think < PROPFIRST > Pattinson is hot ? He looks like a homeless person ! 
Woke up on my own this morning before my alarm went off and I feel great .... it's sort of strange . 
Anyone interested in buying a mobile home in Collinsville ? It's really cute and in a great neighborhood . 
Has that feeling again .... I hope I'm wrong this time . 
How many shows about being fat is < PROPFEMALE > Alley going to make .... seriously !! 
Everyone wear your green tomorrow .... :) 
Was not wrong about the bad feeling yesterday .... :( 
Why oh why , must my cats insist on sleeping on top of me ? < PROPMALE > on my head and Miley on my back . It was a fun night . 
Isn't it strange how a haircut can make you feel like a brand new person ? 
thinks she has the best life !! 
had a great weekend 
My little man got his first tooth today !! 
Anyone want to buy my house ? 
< PROPFIRST > is 18 ppunds and 27 inches long . I can't buy clothes quick enough for this child ! 
bought herself something pretty at lunch today ... :) 
took her mommy to lunch today 
R.I.P. Mayor < PROPFIRST > Thornton and may your family find peace during this tragic time 
Ok facebook friends .... I need some ideas on what to buy my mom for her birthday ? I am stumped ! 
Happy Birthday Mommy 
had a very interesting dream about < PROPFIRST > Lambert last night ...... eww ! 
OK facebook mommies .. I need some advice . < PROPFIRST > has been having some seperation anxiety at night and it cause him to wake up . Any ideas about what to do to comfort him ? 
Have you ever looked fear in the face and said ..... I just don't care 
is a little bitter she has to turn on the ac in her house .... in APRIL ! Where did the spring weather go ?! 
OMG , I think I did 30 demands this week ...... they about killed me ! 
everyone around me is getting pregnant ... is it something in the water ? 
And my house is officially on the market ... go to mhvillage.com to check it out . Search for Collinsville , IL and please tell anyone you know who is looking to buy a mobile home . 
28 people are watching my house listing ... that's a good sign right ? I only just listed it yesterday , so that is really giving me good feelings . 
3 bedroom , 2 bath mobile home for sale by owner in Collsinville , IL . Send me a message for more info . 
has gotta clean like crazy this weekend .... good thing I love cleaning ! 
Why is it that the phrase \electrical stimulation\ " makes me giggle everytime ? " 
has found a new obsession ... < PROPFEMALE > lime salsa !! 
My daddy may get to come home today .... YAY !!!!! 
My house is looking really good .... who wants to come take a look so they can buy it ? 
almost can't keep her eyes open 
It's funny how some things never change .... 
payday .... yea baby !! 
Check out my updated home listing on mhvillage.com . We now have pictures . 152 Hunters Hollow Collinsville ... for sale by owner . 
Only 1 more room to go in the great cleanup of 2010 ! 
is amazed at how much you can do with an hour lunch 
3 bedroom , 2 bath mobile home for sale in Collinsville , IL . Message me for the address . 
It's about time < PROPFEMALE > Gosselin got kicked off dancing with the < PROPFEMALE > s .... why was she on there in the first place ? She is NOT a < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Just about every woman I know is either pregnant or trying to get pregnant ! Must be the babymaking season ! 
The for sale sign is up ... and I breathed a sign of relief 
And ..... my house is officially on the market ! 
Do I need to build an arc and gather the animals 2 by 2 ? All this damn rain ! 
knows of 2 cats that may be homeless .... very soon ! 
added 1 more friend to the pregnant team today ... seriously enough already !! 
\A mother understands what a child does not say . \"" 
Just ordered a book for $3.35 .... thank you very much !! 
Where do people come up with these names ....? 
2nd Friday in a row that I woke up and thought it was Saturday 
has the best husband in the world ! < PROPFIRST > sent me beautiful flowers for Mothers day ! I love you < PROPFIRST > 
is disgusted everytime she sees the pregnant neighbor smoking ! 
had a great 1st mothers day 
Jobs being reserved for gang members .... um excuse me , what ?!!! 
Just got a call ... someone wants to come look at my house .... I'm excited and nervous at the same time . 
For some reason ... I am now obsessed with cinnamon rolls 
Ok , the arc is built ... now it's time to gather the animals ! 
They never showed to look at my house today , and I'm kinda pissed !! 
Wow ... where does the time go ? < PROPFIRST > is 8 months today ! 
Last night .. I had a dream that I had a tiger for a pet . Strange ! 
All these years later , and I'm still a Backstreet Boys fan !! 
Another house showing lined up for this Saturday , hope they show up this time ! 
More rain .... 
Damn you < PROPFIRST > in the Box !! You have created these things called mini churros , and they are amazing !! 
Had dream that I was pregnant .... with TWINS !! 
is waaaaaay too tired 
want to hear something weird ... how about someone turning an old school into a strip club ? Go to kmov.com and you can read the story 
If a 500 pound man can lose half his body weight in a few months , I can surely lose 30 pounds !! 
< PROPFIRST > is officially on the move ... he finally crawled forward yesterday !! 
www.stlmommy.com 
Why do bad things always happen to good people .... it will be okay M . < PROPFIRST > 
I am so ready to go home !!! 
Had a great birthday ... only 1 minor setback but it turned out to be nothing . 
Tomorrow will be better 
If someones is prank calling me .... it's not funny ! 
Going to the Shriners parade tommorrow night !! 
had a great weekend ! 
Today is day #1 of my new plan ! Doing good so far . 
< PROPFIRST > thinks giving mommy kisses means slobbering all over my face . It is the cutest thing ever ! 
Had yet another dream about being pregnant with twins ... pretty sure I am not ever getting pregnant again ! 
watched < PROPMALE > Horror Picture Show last night .... and I sorta didn't get it ? 
just got a burst of energy ... so I changed the litterbox , started the dishwasher , unloaded some bags , cleaned out the car , and mopped the floors in three rooms ! Now I'm beat ! 
Good morning Monday .... surprisingly energetic this morning ! 
< PROPFIRST > has a girlfriend on the way , Congrats < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > , it's a girl !! 
Nothing better than a sleeping baby , CSI Miami and some chocolate chip waffles !! 
You know your food is hot when it burns your leg through the pants ... 
going at lunch to buy myself something special 
loves it when people don't tell me things .... oh well not my fault ! 
Bought an Ipod .... and I have no idea how to work it ...? 
Why does it feel like someone is stabbing me in the forehead ?! 
Finally figured out my new Ipod !! 
You know how you hear about peoples tires bursting because of the heat ... well it really does happen . I know from experience ! 
had a dream I was buying a thong ..... for my grandma ! 
My car is done ... yay ! Until I look at the < PROPMALE > . :( 
Am I too honest ......? probably 
A little less crabby than yesterday .... :) 
Dear < PROPFIRST > Gosselin , you are NOT a badass , so I think the dragon tattoo was a mistake . It just looks stupid ! 
feels like the only person in the world who doesn't give a sh ! t about Twilight ! 
A girl that goes to the babysitter with my son told me I looke nice today , I wanted to hug that little girl ! :) 
I'm not sure , but I think there might be a small community forming in my ear ...? 
No community .... just an ear infection 
Oh Mr. Sun .... why must you burn me every year !!! 
Note to self .... binder clips work very well in the place of a missing button :) 
Anyone with knowledge of accounting ... need a job ? 
My sunburn is now at the itching stage .... fantastic ! That means the peeling stage is right around the corner :( 
I guess now that my car has hit the 2 year < PROPFIRST > ... everything just wants to break ! 
Has anyone on here ever used Rhapsody to go ? 
< PROPFIRST > Guetta is a skinny white guy .... What ?! 
Spread the word .... I am currently booking sessions for senior portraits ! Tell all your friends ! 
Last night I had a dream .... that I met the Backstreet Boys in person . I came home and they were just sitting on my couch like it was no big deal . It was awesome !!!!!!!!!!!! 
4 Days of work this week .... and then it's off to the beach !! :) 
Dear sunburn .... when are you going to stop itching !!? 
my family needs some serious prayer right now 
She will be missed and never forgotten . I will always remember the good times that we shared , the friday night family dinners and the way my son brought a smile to her face . I love you and I miss you so much . 
I think it just hit me ........ 
Back to work today 
Made some brownies for work tomorrow ... :) 
Nothing like a mistake ... to make you feel extra stupid ! 
little bit on edge today ..... 
Umm excuse me ... but when did the boys of Hanson get to be so hot ?! 
Thank you Planters for putting peanuts , raisins , m&m's , cashews and chocolate covered peanuts together ! 
Had a great time to NYC with the hubby , but glad to be home with my little man too ! 
OMG , it's like 500 degrees outside ! 
I miss you a lot today 
Hey , all you Belleville West class of 2002 people , our fellow classmate < PROPFIRST > Engelman passed away on July 30 . Rest in peace < PROPFIRST > . 
That was a really grown up thing to do .... only not 
just found the best bookstore in the entire world !!! 
< PROPFIRST > is feeling better , and back to his goofy self again ! 
If anyone needs some white bedroom furniture , email me . It's FREE ! 
\You gotta always protect the mcnuggets ... \ " A quote just for you crazy lady in the Mcdonalds drive thru with mcnugget rage ! " 
It's a hot one out there ! 
Why do I have a headache every day of my life ?!! 
3 bedroom , 2 bath mobile home for sale . New lower price ! Email me for details . 
I think , I may be dying ! 
Me : \And I'd also like a large Diet Coke\ " \ 
11 months already .... 
It was a beautiful service today , many thanks to the Swansea Fire Department for all they did for my grandpas funeral . 
Oh allergies .... why must you be such a pain my ass ! 
Attention everyone .... now that < PROPFIRST > is almost 1 year old , it is NOT a good time to have another one ! Thank you . 
Why don't celebrities think it's cool to help with problems in the United States ? I guess that wouldn't get them so much attention .....? 
Facebook mommies ... I have a question for you ? When did you stop giving your little ones a bottle before bedtime ? 
Ready for a change ... I'm thinking blonde !! 
Isn't it ironic that when the news does a story about gas prices being so low , they go up 20 cents the next day !? 
Toooo many cookies ...... 
Just to start the morning off right ... I got pulled over ! 
Camerons first trip to the zoo was a success ! 
has and Ipod Touch now ..... thanks to my wonderful husband ! 
Just shoot me ..... 
I need a nap ! 
7 more days !!!! 
It may never get easier ... I still miss you everyday . 
1 more day !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Apparently my hands do not work today ... I have now dropped my keys , a bowl , some shirts , a can fo soda , and a jar of pickels that splattered all over the Target floor ! 
My little man is 1 today ... I have no idea where this year went ?! 
It still hurts like it happened yesterday 
Allergies ..... you may just kill me ! 
The priest at my church has a facebook < PROPFEMALE > ..... strange ! 
Ok .... that's enough now !!! 
How about that ... I am smart after all ! 
22 pounds , 30 inches , and ready for whole milk .... I guess my little man isn't so litte anymore . 
Everytime I take a step forward ... someone is there to knock me back 10 ! 
I need everyone to cross their fingers for me ... cause I really need this to happen today ! 
Fingers crossed again boys and girls ... thanks in advance ! 
< PROPFIRST > is at that age where he notices when I leave him with the babysitter ... and it kinda breaks my heart . 
Happy Anniversary < PROPFIRST > ... I love you . 
Fingers crossed one final time ... please and thank you ! 
I don't feel gooood :( 
I dream about you every night .... and it hurts 
Alright .... it is WAY too hot for October ! 
I wish I could forget ... but I just can't 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , you are my best friend in the world ! 
Note to self ... next time set your alarm for AM instead of PM ! I swear sometimes I am the smartest person in the world ! 
Hangin ' on the edge of my seat , awaiting the arrival of the brand new baby girl ! Love you < PROPFEMALE > . 
Anyone whos interested in walking in the < PROPFEMALE > Clause Parade in Belleville this year ... send me a message . It's with a great group called Bright Pink . 
I mailed in the registration for the < PROPFEMALE > Clause Parade ... now who wants to volunteer to walk with us ? You know it will be fun ! 
10-20 Wear Purple Against Homophobia ... I am wearing my purple proudly ! 
I am sooooo tired of being too warm in October ! Bring on the cold ! 
I'm sleepy now ... 
And our house ..... is no longer wanted . I guess the finger crossing did not work ! 
30 years ago today ... the love of my life was born . Happy Birthday < PROPFIRST > ! 
Why do people do things just to annoy others ? 
< PROPFIRST > is finally coming home after being gone since February ... I can't hardly contain my excitement !!! 
< PROPFIRST > could be home as early as 1:30 A.M. ,,,,, what ?! 
Someone was shot in my neighborhood this afternoon , thats kinda scary ! 
will be excited when I go home and there will be someone there to greet me .... other than the cats ! 
Nothin like doing 45 things at one time .... 
Anyone know what time U2 tickets go on sale today ? 
Going to be another beautiful day in my neighborhood .... everybody sing along ! 
Now that I have a piece of you with me always ..... I think I am finally able to let you go and rest in peace . I will always love you and miss you . 
Wow ... sometimes opportunities really do fall right out of the sky 
Congrats < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > , it's a ........ baby ! 
My little man took his first steps yesterday ... way to go Cam ! 
Bought myself an early Christmas present .... a D&B purse !!!!!! 
No fever today ... hooray ! 
A piece of advice .... don't ever take your children to Memorial Hospital emergency room in Belleville !!! 
I will do it right this time ! 
Ok mother nature , one day of snow was okay .... but I did not agree to any freezing rain ! 
I would like to be invited to Nellys Black and White Ball this Sunday .... could someone make that happen for me ? 
The holidays just aren't the same without you .... we miss you and we love you . 
Going on a mini-vacation this weekend .... I will see you all in 2011 ! 
What is your New Years resolution ? Mine is to eat healthier ... and I am going to stick to it ! 
Jesus Christ has a facebook < PROPFEMALE > .... that's odd 
I hope I didn't just bite off more than I can chew 
Gonna go for a little stroll .... 
Could someone I know please get married really soon ..? I am ready to do some dancing !! 
Yikes ... going to be some crazy weather !! 
It's the calm before the storm .... 
It's funny to me how some people are all about the drama ! The world does not revolve around you , so stop bitching ! 
I'm doing a good job .... that was a much needed boost ! 
This bra ... may in fact be squeezing the life out of me at this very moment ! 
Are Tums supposed to make you throw up ?! 
I have never felt so bad in my entire life ! 
I gave my sickness to my whole family !! 
Anyone have a degree in psychology ... and can help me figure out the disturbing dream I had last night ? 
7 years ago today .... I met my best friend ! I love you , Happy Valentines Day ! 
Things may get kind of interesting .... 
Wow .... obnoxious ! 
I'm ready to go home now 
Soooo very tired 
You know your tired , when you get to work and realize you have on 1 black sock ... and 1 white sock ! 
mmmmmm .... brownies 
Has anyone ever been to the Mardi Gras parade in St. < PROPFIRST > ? 
It's a girl ! Congrats < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Maybe ... just maybe ?! 
Maybe not 
Attention Mother Nature ..... it's March , start acting like it ! Thank you ! 
All the men in the house went to bed early ..... now what do I do ? 
At this time 18 months ago ... I was not so patiently waiting for my little man to arrive . I can't believe he is growing up so fast ! 
You better not have had that baby yet .....! 
Does anyone know a good real estate agent ? 
I may not make it till 5 today ..... 
Why yes ... I am reading a diet book and eating chocolate chip cookies the same time . 
Went to Target and only got 1 thing from my list ... The sad part is , there were only 4 things on the list !!! 
Wow ... I am smart ! 
got to have lunch with 2 lovely ladies ... and 1 very handsome little man ! 
What does it mean if your fortune cookie has no fortune ? 
Welcome baby < PROPMALE > ! 
It's a great day to be alive ! 
< PROPFIRST > Federline is having another baby with yet another hot woman ! What is wrong with these women ?! 
Message to spellcheck ... A street called Homeside Drive is not really supposed to be the word homicide ! At least it made me laugh 
Anyone want some cute Easter pictures done of your little ones ? I am available ! 
T I R E D .............. 
Can anyone reccomend a good real estate agent ? 
I have now eaten everything in sight ! 
Anybody know where I can sell some used electronics ? 
I got an invitation in the mail ..... unfortunately it wasn't for the < PROPMALE > wedding ! 
Maybe this is really going to be my < PROPMALE > .... so excited !!!! 
Yes ...... my home is still for sale . Tell all your friends ! 
Aren't I too young to have hot flashes ...? 
Nothing like a trip to the ER to ruin a Saturday evening ... :( 
Anyone know how to put a disc back into place in my back ... cause I am sooo over this pain ! 
Just got some early Mothers Day presents ! :) 
A lot of things have made me smile today .... I needed those things 
Justice has been served .... both < PROPMALE > and Bin Laden are facing their judgements 
Yep ... I'm doing it this time and I won't let anyone stop me ! 
So proud of you < PROPFIRST > !! 
