thinks its party time ! woot woot . 

sexy time 
alright < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > was the one who changed your mood , not me . 
is thinkin this summer sucks . 
finished the interior panels on his car , woot woot ! 
is sooooo tired 
hi 
apparently has a naked profile according to this side bar . I hope i don't get reported for nudity . 
is out in the shop . Anyone wanna chill ? 
can't wait to leave town 
is listenin to great music and sittin around 
takin the car out for a spin . Anyone wanna < PROPFEMALE > out later ? 
around , text/call 
is really bored 
is leavin sunday ... finally 
Haircut and golf ! now thats an exciting day ! 
hates gettin his hair cut 
can't wait to get his car painted 
is working with some photography 
woot woot ! sweet digital editing accomplished ! 
off to leave < PROPFIRST > in his boredom while I kill some zombies 
is goin to sleep , hopefully . Yard sale attempt in the morning ... again , maybe turn a pen in the afternoon , finally seeing < PROPMALE > Potter ! Woot woot ! 
< PROPMALE > Potter was amazing . Out in the shop . 
\I was once alive \"" 
packing later , leaving in the morning 
is finally in < PROPFEMALE > . 
is gettin ready to play some call of duty . MD has been pretty boring as usual , but rather be bored here than be bored in < PROPMALE > 
really hates his car's starter right now . 
\One day the waters gonna wash it away \"" 
is enjoying the new speakers 
hates summer reading ... blech 
sexy time !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
got my license , and my car runs ... WOOT WOOT ! 
WOOOHOOO 
Oh Brother i'm far , brother I'm far , oh brother I'm far away from everything 
We'll be like torches , yeah we'll be like torches , WE'LL BE TORCHES TOGETHER , TORCHES TOGETHER ! Torches together , hand in hand ! 
Half day tomorrow and then some TACO < PROPFEMALE > !!! WOOT WOOT ! Anyone care to join us ? 
bored 
Tired , but not willing to sleep . 
I got my hair done ... when I was young . Its not my problem ... its not my probleeeeemmmmmmm ! WOOHOOO . 
There's one way I've got to go , despite everything I know . I've got to go ... I've got to go 
is really hating this history homework 
Hoping for a Raider Win . Looking good so far 
bored ... scratch that . REALLY bored . 
Got the parts car running !!! 
Working on the car 
is gettin pissed about all the rain . I really need this car put back together and now , ofcourse it would start pouring everytime i get out there . 
Anyone wanna buy an 87 Firebird ? 
off to do that sleep thing again . 
We're spinning in circles , they're testing our arms . We must awaken , Our bodies about to fall . 
needs a job ... anybody need an amateur graphic designer for anything ? 
really feels like going for a joy ride right now 
Come out of things unsaid , shoot an apple off my head , and a trouble that can't be named , a tiger's waiting to be tamed , im singing .... youuuu areeee , you areeeeee 
such a strange year so far ... i hope it continues in the same way 
is sick of this town 
how does one go about stopping themselves from becoming boring ? 
really can't wait for the weekend 
hates garmin right now 
just ate a tasty taco 
really needs to start painting ... but can't cause he still doesn't have the freakin spray gun 
starting the painting process ! WOOT WOOT . However ... still no reply with the spray gun ... very irritating . 
FINALLY DONE WITH FIRST COAT OF GOLD !!! WOOT WOOT ! 
should probably get to work on this english paper 
Finished with the outline , should be able to easily type up a very convincing paper in about an hour tomorrow ! WOOT 
is realllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllly , < PROPFEMALE > tired . 
The fight raged on for a century then elazzer claimed but eventually the champion stood , the rest saw the better , Mr. Rogers in a blood stained sweater . 
Probably oughta catch up on homework 
is now , thanks to his procrastinatory skills ( if thats not a word , it is now ) , will now how a good deal of homework this weekend ! 
this is the ultimate showdown ... of ultimate < PROPFEMALE > , good guys , bad guys , and explosions .... as far as the eye can see 
Great day , for the most part . Missed about 5 turns thanks to Garmin ... Ended up at the wrong place thanks to Garmin ... Got to the right place and enjoyed a delicious sandwhich no thanks to Garmin ... \Turn Right ... Turn Right ... Turn Right ... FUCK YOU GARMIN !!! \"" 
. . 
TACO < PROPFEMALE > FRIDAY !!!!!! WOOOOOOOOT WOOOT WOOT . 
quite a bit o ' homework , best get to work . 
Bejewled Blitz 2 ... so addicting ... can't stop ... need break ... eyes burning ... 109k points ... yeah 
ordered the new 1600 watt amp today , can't wait to get the new sound system . 
just got my hair cut ... asked for about 2 inches , but the lady cut most of it off anyway .. didn't turn out as bad as i feared though . so its all good . 
off to bed ... new amp should get here wednesday ! woot woot ! 
Hold me down ... drag this out ... I will fight with my eyes wide open ..... 
New amp is in and sounding great ... once i get the new subs it will sound < PROPFEMALE > much better . can't believe the moron who installed it though . 
so sick of the stupid douchebags that i once called friends ... what the hell was wrong with me ? 
is relatively pissed about the dodgeball situation at the replex . and by relatively i mean really . 
Need a good Dwarven Fighter name ... currently Rahan ... i like Dorlok , but it sounds a lot like door lock ... lol any suggestions ? 
Modern Warfare 2 is AMAZING ! Definitely worth going at midnight ... wait wasn't very long which was good . off to bed now though . 
I tried so hard , and got so far ... but in the end ... it doesn't even matter 
does anyone have the movie It ? 
bored ... tired ... no idea what to do ... 
Season 2 of Pawn Stars !!! WOOT WOOT ! then off to bed . 
Can't Wait for friday , and really can't wait for the new car and new sound system ! 
got the new car today ! so stoked , its amazing . 
Really hoping this crap freezes so i don't have to go to school tomorrow 
really oughta consider getting some work done on that english project ... but quite honestly ... i'd rather sleep 
need ... sleep ... < PROPFEMALE > tired ... might actually fall asleep on the way to my bed ... 
loves how stupid people around here can get . 
I hate finals week . I really should have spent more time filling out study guides , but I honestly didn't think the History one would take < PROPFEMALE > long . Next is pre cal and then chem . Anyone know which finals are when ? 
Watched a lot of < PROPFEMALE > wars today and last night , no better way to lead up to Christmas . but now im really bored and i don't know what to do ... 
Roads suck , almost slid off today , but my driving skill saved me ! Can't wait for my turtle beaches to get here ! 
Assassins Creed II is amazing .. i recommend it to everyone . If you don't have a ps3/xbox360 go buy one and then get assassins creed II 
day one of 2011 ... and its already looking like it could be a long year 
Here we stand with a wolf like shadow , here we stand in the end 
I wondered how , fast is light speed , would life itself stay or follow me 
Can't wait to get the amp < PROPFEMALE > so i can install my new subs . They're gonna hit hard as hell ! 
Glad i got to sleep in , but now i can't go anywhere ... this sucks . 
i suppose i should go shovel the drive way before it gets dark ... then i have to work on my english paper . doesn't that just sound enthralling ? 
I think it takes approximately 4 minutes for 2/3 of the people in our school to hear about the snow day ... we should try for some kind of world record . I bet we could get 18 seconds ! 
not looking forward to shoveling snow tomorrow ... blech 
bored ... 
Futurama and then bed ... 
Now < PROPFEMALE > me up to dryyy , you wrung me out to to too many times . Now < PROPFEMALE > me out to dryyy ... I party like the whi whi whites of your eyes . 
\The trap I've set for you seems to have caught my leg instead \"" 
first day of work , minimal problems . Excellent ! 
headache , tired , not looking forward to school tomorrow . 
needs to study , but really can't focus 
feeling content , things seem to be moving in a good direction . hopefully i'm right 
just watched gamer ... that is one trippy movie . Good and interesting , but really screwed up . 
I should probably go to bed ... maybe i will . Work tomorrow night and then probably nothing afterwards . 
at work , probably watchin Smokin Aces 2 when i get home 
Tired ... just watched Smokin Aces 2 , fairly good movie , but i think the first one was better . 
\I wanna run away ... and open up my mind ! \"" 
Not sure what to do today , need something exciting to happen . 
Work in an hour , hanging out with < PROPMALE > afterwards ... no idea what i'm doing tomorrow 
Ahhh , Monster is finally kickin in . WOOOOO ! 
sooo tired , and i don't know why . Trying to start this stupid English paper , but procrastination is getting the best of me . 
I hate Sundays ... so glad its almost over . School tomorrow then work . 
gettin ready to leave work ... i think . english paper and other homework later . 
Love the massive amounts of stupidity in this town . 
didn't do any of my english , and now i'm gonna go listen to some music , rather than be productive ... 
tired , but i don't feel like sleeping . maybe some more loud music will help . 
omg , i haven't been this tired in < PROPFEMALE > long ... 
Scholastic bowl and Taco Bett !!! Ohhh yeahhh . 
Excellent Day . Couldn't get much better ... well it could but im satisfied regardless . 
Prairie Thunder Game was AWESOME . 2 huge fights , and some blood . and the guy in front of me kept callin the refs < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , which was pretty funny . 
I am so freakin tired , yet no amount of sleep changes that . And I have to get up and go to that stupid ACT class in the morning . blech . 
I really can't wait til summer ... It's almost agrivating how far away it is and at the same time how close it is . 
just finished the english paper , now i should probably study for Pre Cal . Anyone know how i can take calc without having mr. briggs ? 
Anyone wanna chill today ? 
Not that I really care , but i'd love to see the colts get crushed tonight . 
YES ! COLTS WILL LOSE !!! 
COLTS LOSE COLTS LOSE COLTS LOSE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
bored ... i hate snow days . i'd honestly rather just go to school . 
When will this boredom end ? I'm seriously going insane . 
Typing my English paper , and then finishing other homework . Pretty bored , hoping this weekend will be at least somewhat exciting . 
Finally got my new muffler ! Sounds pretty good to me . Off to play some Live , last day of my subscription =( 
Absolutely sick of < PROPMALE>'s cowardly bitches . 
going to chill , play some live . Then work at 2 , and hanging out later . 
I am currently locked out of my house right now thanks to Peyton and < PROPFIRST > ... those assholes , even though i just scared the shit out of < PROPFIRST > .. now i am dropping a duece 
Please ignore the last status update , < PROPFIRST > posted that while i was locked out of my house , not dropping a deuce . 
not looking forward to act prep tomorrow . or next week , or the week after ... i think you guys get the picture , right ? 
sick and out of nyquil . what a predicament ! 
Definitely should have started my Business Concepts homework a while ago . 
Car repairs are done , now can't wait til it gets warmer so i can finish my work on it . Really hoping we don't get any more snow . 
Anyone know if we had any homework ? 
fml 
can't wait for summer , i really just wanna leave , that would be excellent right now 
\Should I talk slower like your a retard ? Should I talk slower like your retarded ? \"" 
Really hoping to get my car back tomorrow 
WOOT WOOT ! I have my car again ! 
hopefully , hopefully , hopefully gettin the sound system early next month . If so , t-t ops are coming off and the music is gettin turned way up ! 
Really hoping tomorrow doesn't feel like a monday . 
Tired , and I really don't wanna do my homework ... blech 
tired ... really tired . 
can't wait for the weekend 
Hearing all kinds of good news about Grease , but i don't think i'll get to see it . 
Goin to see Ralphie May tonight ! Can't wait . 
\I push my fingers into my eyesss ... its the only thing that slowly stops the ache \"" 
feel like crap . gonna try to get some sleep . 
busy day tomorrow ... english presentation , history midterm , and chemistry mid-term ... first two should be ok , not to sure bout chem though ... 
if anyone sees graves , tell him to stop by triple play please . 
Almost spring break , gotta get through that chem midterm first though ... Expecting a boring break , everyone is going to Florida , and i get to work a lot ! woohoo ! lol 
finally spring break . sleeeep ! 
work , hopefully hanging out later , but idk 
Beat God of War III last night !!!! God damn scorpion thing , and stupid zeus .... damn the creators for them , but otherwise the game was amazing . 
I am < PROPFEMALE > tired . 
work til 6 , who knows after that . 
\2 things before we get started . 1 . Your hairdo ... is ridiculous ... really . 2 . I just ate a bunch of garlic ... and I farted . \ " Blade < PROPFEMALE > " 
can't wait , gettin my sound system in a few weeks ! until then , im just hoping for a good friday . 
no idea what to do today ... any ideas would be greatly welcomed , whether they be reallistic or ridiculous . 
not ready to go back to school ... blech 
never get tired of being flipped off , hahaha 
so extremely tired ... 
The Kombuchan mushroom people ... sitting around all day ... Who can believe you ? who can believe you ? 
sooooo freakin bored it isn't even funny . 
Where were the eyes of the horse on the jet pilot , when they smiled , when they flew over the bay ? 
New wires on the spark plugs ! And only 2 weeks til the new sound system . Until then ... i could use a car wash , anyone wanna make a quick 50 cents ? lol 
Started working on my sub box today ! Hopefully all goes well and it turns out good . 
gotta procrastinate the english homework for at least another hour or so 
English Mid term paper ... done . Time for part II ! 
feeling a boring weekend coming on ... 
thinking about a fire ... anyone interested ? 
wants an iPad sooo freakin bad 
Can't wait for summer nights 
Selling my 360 ... anyone interested ? New sound system only 2 days away !!! 
Dropped my car off at Mobile Audio , then burnt my tounge at Flat Top ... it was good food ... just really hot , lol 
just got the car !!! having bass kicks ass ! 
Busy day tomorrow ... Painting Tipton Born Learning Trail all day for United Way , then work at night ... woohoo ! lol 
Worked on puttin in the deck from the Trans Am into the Firebird most of the day all because we blew a fuse ... but its all good to go now ! 
Very tired ... college day at Parkland tomorrow , then hopefully hooking up the iPod adapter for my radio 
Parkland was pretty cool , makes me want outta < PROPMALE > even worse ! 
wondering why google doesn't change their site for 420 ... thats bullshit . 
bored ... pondering heading to < PROPMALE > for a bit , anyone wanna do something ? 
about halfway through my english paper . taking a bit longer than the usual papers , but it'll be a good one ! 
very busy day tomorrow ... not looking forward to getting up early , but i must ... 
riduculously long day ... so freaking tired , blech .. 
cant shake this freakin headache ... blech 
finished that damn history study guide ... that was actually kind of intense ! lol 
D'arcy's tomorrow !!! 
gonna watch some futurama then get some shut eye ... hopin for a great weekend and some nice weather tomorrow night . 
\What is the leading cause of divorce ? Answer : Marijuana ! \ " \ " What is the leading cause of abortion ? Answer : Marijuana ! \ " \ " What causes volcanoes ? Answer : Marijuana ! \ " \ " Who caused Hurricane < PROPFEMALE > ? Answer : Marijuana ! \ " \ " Why do people turn Jewish ? Answer : MARIJUANA ! \"" 
off to catch some futurama before gettin some sleep 
pretty blah day ... hopefully tomorrows less blah and more Wakawikitywikityphwack ... yeah thats a pretty good soundin day , lol 
loves how easily agitated people around here are , hahaha 
Now this is the Acid rock section of the song , all you burned out acid hippies singin along with your camp fires goin and your barbeques on 
Spent most of the day detailin my car ... its lookin sharp and sexy though ! 
oh man , you just gotta love badasses ... hahaha 
Black bandana sweet Louisiana , < PROPFEMALE > on a bank in the state of Indiana , shes a runner , rebel and a stunner ... 
wiped ... been quite a busy day . I am < PROPFEMALE > ready for the weekend ! 
beginning to hate pre cal more than i previously did ... thats an extreme amount of dislikedness 
\The trance is the motion \"" 
Another < PROPFEMALE > day , walkin to the sound of my favorite tune . tomorrow never knows what it doesnt know too soon 
since everyone else is posting there school project status i might as well join\ 
English Paper : Topic Chosen\ 
Great Gatsby : 4 chapters behind\ 
Gatsby Journals : 2 out of 7 done\ 
History Study Guide : Not started\ 
Chem Study Guide : Not Started\ 
lol ... guess i oughta pick up the pace a bit 
thinkin about going to rent Red Dead Redemption 
Hates < PROPMALE > , lol ... \So why don't you think before you go throwing your arms up and reacting ... this doesn't even concern you \"" 
just got done with work and mowing , and im still procrastinating all my homework i need to catch up with ... blech 
gahhhh ... my room wont get cold ... this is highly aggravating 
really really really ought to make an attempt at that english paper ... blahhh 
ok lets see here ... not prepared for this bullshit pre cal test , not done with my english paper , 6 chapters behind in Gatsby , but ... my history study guide is done ! lol 
finishing up this english paper ... this is what i get for procrastination . lol 
gahhh ... can't sleep 
I can play basketball with the < PROPFEMALE > , the whole world is at my feet 
fresh oil in the car , now time to shower and maybe study a bit ... 
She is electric , can I be electric too ? 
ordered my iPod touch today , can't wait til it gets here ! otherwise , really freaking tired 
continuing to not do anything productive for finals ... almost tempted to just wing it ! 
where were you when we were getting high ? someday you will find me caught beneath a landslide in a champagne supernova in the sky ... 
Off to bed finally , pretty good night , better than the rest of this weekend anyway 
why do I have so many people on here that I don't even know ? 
bored as hell 
trying so hard to read Gatsby , but i keep falling asleep , hahaha 
ok , time to start the Gatsby Journals ! 
DONE WITH MY GATSBY JOURNALS FINALLY !!!! 
At last , the summer can begin ! 
Great storm , late ... but better than none at all 
im < PROPFEMALE > tired , but i dont wanna go to sleep ... but i really should 
really hoping my ipod gets here soon 
Playing touch football on marijuana .. streets , or in a marijuana field . You're so beneath my cleets , get high so high that i feel like flying ... 
got my iPod !!! 
i hate hughesnet .... god i hate hughesnet so f ****** much 
so close to the new season of Futurama !!! and Cornerstone !!! WOOT WOOT ! 
Finally off to bed for a good days sleep ! 
feels like takin a road trip ... anyone wanna go ? 
bored as hell ! 
really wants to play nazi zombies ... why oh why did i sell that game ? oh yeah ... it sucked , haha 
It looks like it might be a great night for a cruise without the t-t ops 
Tough choice at hand : to sleep or just stay up another day ? 
the air around me still feels like a cage 
3 days til cornerstone !!!! woot woot ! 
Cornerstone starts tomorrow ! 
cornerstone was amazing ... got to see < PROPFEMALE > Epoque's last show as < PROPFEMALE > Epoque , how depressing , but it was great reguardless ! 
sooooo bored ... 
my mind is set on overdrive , the clock is laughing in my face . crooked spine , my senses dulled . past the point of delerium . on my own here we go ... 
feeling randomly creative .... and kinda at peace ... but for no reason .... i kinda like it though ... theres a lot of < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > s and some extra < PROPFEMALE > s in this post .... lol 
extremely bored and i have a headache ... tonight definitely has room for improvement 
bored as hell ... summers starting to suck , hopefully this changes quickly 
Night terrors in my head , am i really dead , i can't tell it feels sooo real 
cause if you want , everything , that i have , you can take it all away from me , away from me 
D'Arcy's pinty on monday ! anyone wanna go ? 
Energy drink was a mistake , I've been layin here for 3 hours now and still can't sleep lol 
What to do with the rest of this day ? 
Took the Trans Am out for a much needed spin , definitely could use some work , hahaha 
I hate when music sounds amazing , but the lyrics are awful ... 
I'd rather have a mind opened by wonder than closed by belief 
finally got my new hats ! 
semi-interesting night , lol , damn drunk people ! 
what to do ? 
This day has been very chaotic , and i'm rather glad it is finally nearly over ! 
Im thinking it'd be a great time to watch some whale wars ! 
Finally got my oil changed ... now i really need to work on the rotors 
would like very loud music or a decent video game to play 
why don't more people think more ? 
Gravity release me , and don't ever hold me down , now my feet won't touch the ground 
time came a creeping , oh , and times a loaded gun ... 
is quite bored , anyone wanna light somethin on fire , or blow stuff up , or just chill out , anything ? 
I'm thinking i need to make a trip to best buy to purchase some new cds ... 
nothing like a cool summer night thats cloudless and dark 
Work and then finally replacin my front brakes and rotors ! 
People moving all the time , inside a perfectly straight line . Don't you want it , to curve away ? But it's such a perfect day . Its such a perfect day 
home from work , now to find somethin to occupy the rest of tonight ! 
wow ... < PROPMALE > is ridiculously pathetic , for lack of better terms 
ahhh , nothing quite like a nice clean car ! 
got the gocart up and goin , now i just need to get a battery and its all finished ! 
i think i just made the most amazing steak sandwhich ever made ! 
Chillin with < PROPFIRST > soon , off to lowes for now , hopefully i get this damn gocart runnin again 
Just because I'm losing doesn't mean I'm lost . Doesn't mean I'll stop . Doesn't mean I won't cross ... 
Bored as hell ... 
pretty good night , finally got to break in my 2 year old new pool cue ! 
i could realllllllllly go for some taco < PROPFEMALE > right now , with an ice cold < PROPFEMALE > pepsi ... yeah , haha 
I'm thinkin it'd be great if my old boss would just go ahead and pay me ... yeah , that'd be nice 
This has been a very dull tuesday ... 
some people ... 
Out trying to catch some of the meteor shower ... perfect night for it too ! 
must find a more entertaining way to waste the rest of this day ! 
\I'd give my right arm to be ambidexterous ! \"" 
off to bloomington ! 
Dear video game god , please produce a game that is worthy of several hours of play . you have really been slacking in the area of decent video games , and i'm gettin rather irritated . Your pal , < PROPMALE > 
why ? 
Time came a creepin ... ohhh and times a loaded gun . every road is a < PROPFIRST > of light . it goes oooooooooooooon , time can only lead you on , yes and its such a beautiful night 
can't sleep ... this sucks . 
Thinkin about havin a fire tomorrow night , anyone interested ? 
My day starts in three hours ... it would be wise to get some sleep , but sleep is overrated 
finally gettin my job back at the wash ! 
What an awful waste of a thursday ... 
ahhh , this headache sucks ... 
Its amazing how long it takes to make someone a good friend , and how little it takes to reallize that all along it was bullshit 
Basically done at LHS and i think im ready to start Parkland tomorrow ! 
Done with class . i'm thinkin i'm really gonna love this new schedule . 
is < PROPFEMALE > tired 
so tired its ridiculous , but i've got to get some reading done ... 
lookin like my weekend will consist mostly of reading ... blech 
so ready for some sleep , its been a rather crazy day 
Seein as everyones at the football game , im thinking tonights gonna be a boring one ... 
so its lookin like this weekend is just gonna be suckish ... great 
And the homework begins ! 
Ahhh , finally back in business at the wash and i'm glad ! 
Why have you forsaken me in your eyes , forsaken me in your thoughts , forsaken me in your heart , forsaken meee ... 
what a night , nothing like a few good games of dodge rocket ! 
Theres a cold war comin , on the radio I heard , baby its a violent world ... Oh love don't let me go , won't you take me where the street lights glow .. I can hear it comin , i can hear the sirens sound , now my feet won't touch the ground . 
Why do some people feel the need to type everything that happens through the course of their day on facebook ? 
ridiculously tired ... 
procrastination = bad 
Thinkin its time to update the sound system in my car ... 
finally getting close to some long awaited sleep ! 
Dear hughesnet , \ 
\ 
you never fail to disappoint me ... and i hope you die a miserable death . \ 
that is all\ 
\ 
sincerely , \ 
me 
In , in the end ... we lie awake , and we dream of makin our escape 
So sick of seeing all the posts about how people's lives suck . If your life sucks , its your own damn fault , the sooner you reallize that , the better off you'll be . Suck it up and stop moping about the stupid little things that , whether you realize it or not , won't matter later on . 
so bored ... 
finds it disappointing that the leading advocates against marijuana legalization in California is a group called \Public Safety First\ " ... and they are funded by the California Beer and Beverage Distributors ... " 
Please put this as your status if you know or are related to someone killed on Alderaan when it was obliterated by the Death < PROPFEMALE > . My wish is that people will understand that the Empire is a band of murdering scum . The Rebel Alliance wants to bring peace to the galaxy , but the evil Empire ... continues to kill innocent civilians . 93% won't copy/paste this ( i'm part of the 7% that did !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ) 
Time is a valuable thing , watch it fly by as the pendulum swings 
can't wait for this weekend to start 
You were from a perfect world , a world that threw me away today ... 
needs to go buy some < PROPFEMALE > manson cds ... that sounds like a good idea 
Well this weekend definitely kicked ass !!! ( three as recommended by < PROPFIRST > ) 
Desperately needs some new music ... any suggestions ? 
Tuesday , i hate you ... die and take sunday and monday with you please ... thanks ! lol 
would much rather be asleep right now 
Americas all back to normal now , and its all thanks to Mr him laden ... hahahaha gotta love south park 
wishes the sun would hurry up and go down so triple play will cool off a bit 
Jackass 3D = success ! 
ahhh , nothing like some good sleep followed by a day of working on projects . woot woot ! lol 
really oughta be working on my midterm ... 
what a day ... 
finally , this day is over ! 
why do people need others to like their status to tell the truth about em ? why not just tell the truth anyway ? 
like this status ... because your cool and you've got nothing better to do . comment this status , because your cool and you've got nothing better to do . put a =) ... because your cooler than the people that like this status and the people that commented on it and you have even less to do . 
bored as hell , but thankfully only for a few more hours 
I'm not a slave to a god that doesn't exist , and i'm not a slave to a world that doesn't give a shit 
Giants are going to the series , and the raiders kicked bronco ass ... things are looking good , lol 
Its not even an hour into my day , and i've decided it sucks ... thats just grand 
just watched paranormal activity for the first time ... that movie was funny as hell 
only a few more days before prop 19 gets voted on ... this could be the beginning of something great 
Come out upon my seas , curse missed opportunities , am I part of the cure or am I part of the disease ? 
i am sitting on the clouds , ive got smoke coming from my seat . I can play basketball with the < PROPFEMALE > , i've got the whole world on my feet . Playin touch football on marijuana streets ... awesome song ... 
I'm thinking Oakland's back in the game , and its about time ! 
Is this for real ? I'm a man sinking deep in the ocean ... 
bye bye Xbox , hello cash ! 
Mirror , mirror , can you tell , if they're kneeling in confession or if they just fell ? The mirror looks back and it knows damn well , its really hard livin when your livin with yourself 
programming and procrastination don't seem to mix as well as i had hoped ... 
programmings got my brain all kinds of twisted right now 
thinkin i need to start duct taping my flash drive to my forehead so i'll stop losing the damn thing 
lets party hardy , and rock n ' roll , we drink bacardi and smoke the < PROPFEMALE > . i got the green glow under my car .. 
< PROPFEMALE > ready for a few days of break ... 
Oh love don't let me go , won't you take me where the street lights glow 
another hour of class , and i can't even stay awake as is ... its gonna be a long day 
new zombies map keeps kickin my ass ... i don't appreciate this at all ! 
so bored ... something exciting needs to happen . 
How do i feel ? What do i say ? In the end it all goes away . 
I used to love skillet ... why is there music so annoying right now ? 
My body , my mind , my soul and my life . So far , so near , so high , so clear . 
They're takin our voices and they locked . them . up . The paper chains I'd like to burn . I cannot even enjoy a sunset , when our world is on the verge ... 
programming is gonna drive me mad ... 
could definitely use a nap right about now ... 
I've been looking forward to getting some sleep since i woke up today , and its finally here ! woohoo ! 
alright ! watching cartoons in class ! 
glowing knowledge fruit street lamp snowy monster ditch angry monster , something about shrooms , truck , and talking roads .... i think that sums it up pretty well ... 
very tempted to get tickets to music as a weapon , anyone wanna go ? 
forget about music as a weapon 5 ... anyone wanna go to arizona or alabama ? lol 
As my skin turns yellow , i forget this hell . As the skies are bruised , and the rain falls down . As my face turns pale , I try to forget these thoughts 
wish my brain came with a temporary off switch ... 
maybe oughta try that sleeping thing again ... 
If I've come without a thing , then I've come with all I need , no boat out on the blue , no place to rest your head , the trap I set for you seems to have caught my leg instead 
really excited english is done , but not looking forward to spending the majority of tomorrow trying to finish programming ... 
what a way to end the first semester at college ... an hour late with 2 minutes left to turn in a very important paper ... 
this saturday could really use some excitement 
Do you think it's possible that we are all still insane ... and will wake one day to find ourselves in straight jackets ? 
The CIA has an army of spies watching me 24/7 ! And thats why I hide in front of my house in the bushes every night , with a steak knife ... hahaha 
so much work to be done ... so little progress ... and still i'm gonna go play assasins creed ... 
decided today im gonna run away and grow a mustache so I have a disguise ... sounds like a good plan right ? 
finished a good chunk of my digital media final ... only to realize i have a programming test tomorrow that i'm definitely not prepared for ... can't wait for break , lol 
pay no attention to me dancin with my girl ... with every intention to be failures in this world 
thinking i should get some type of award for incredible procrastination ... 
one monster , two hours of twitchiness , zero hours of sleep , and one mostly completed , although still pretty bad , animation project ready to turn in ! I'd say this night has been a success . 
thinkin bejeweled blitz needs to be classified as a schedule 1 drug ... 
It's the two outsiders , grab your horses and your guns 
really needs some new music , gettin tired of listenin to the same playlists over and over 
I cannot explain to you , in anything I say or do , but hope the actions speak the words they can 
now the sky ... could be blue ... i don't mind ... without you its a waste of time 
You can have it all , but how much do you want ? 
chained to all the places we never wish to stay 
Dear Boredom , \ 
I really have missed you the past few weeks , and its nice to have you back ... however , I'm kinda bored so could you call up excitement and tell it to find me please ? Thanks ! \ 
Sincerely , \ 
< PROPMALE > 
You seem so real ... Sometimes I forget that this is all a dream 
Don't save me , don't save me , cause I don't care 
looking like its gonna be an interesting night ... 
Christmas shopping . Final round ... FIGHT ! ( in epic mortal kombat narrators voice ) 
The skyline looks right into night , lets go smash out every light 
Reset your clocks and rewrite your thoughts , it's burning down , lets keep it up , flames they grow strong the louder the song 
With < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > of roads , how'd you know which ones have holes ? I'm glad we didn't stay ... 
damn this has been one exceptionally boring night 
I've gotta say what I've gotta say , and then I swear I'll go away , but I cant promise you'll enjoy the noise 
no time for cameras , we'll use our eyes instead ... no time for cameras , we'll be gone when we're dead 
Confusion never stops , closing walls and ticking clocks 
Can I be electric too ? 
And , in the end , we lie awake and dream of making our escape 
I found tomorrow in today , apocalyptic and insane , my dreams will never change 
Why is it only 11 ? 
Grape liccorice , where have you been all my life ? 
Cut and cross wires , electric fires , reset your clocks and rewrite your thoughts 
You're more than in my head 
Finally got the new spark plugs in ! So ideally my car is back to mechanical par ... ideally being the key word there 
breaks almost over ... i should be blowing shit up or something , and i'm on facebook ... how depressing 
Everyone is changing , theres no one left thats real , so make up your own ending , let me know just how you feel . Cause I am lost without you , cannot live at all . 
Thoughts so strong , I feel them when your gone 
Ceilings falling downn , its time to run and hide . Ceilings falling downn , I stood and watched inside . 
Gahhh , to much time between classes today ... this sucks . 
Welcome to the universe 
Look me in the eyes so I know you know , I'm everywhere you want me to be 
When did this storm begin ? 
Start again , with a brand new name and eyes that see into infinity 
Don't you wish that life could be as simple , as fish swimming around in a barrel when you've got the gun ? 
so damn tired ... and its only 7 ... someone bring me duct tape so i can prop my eyes open 
Would really appreciate the warm weather coming back soon 
this day needs to stop draggin so bad , its a real bummer 
I'm feelin invincible tonight . I'm alive , take a look into my eyes . 
Really not looking forward to starting english tomorrow ... 
Scar tissue that I wish you saw\ 
Sarcastic mister know it all\ 
Close your eyes and I'll kiss you ' cause\ 
With the birds I'll share\ 
This lonely view ... 
And what do you want ? I want change . And what have you got , when you feel the same ? 
Tell me I'm the only one . \ 
Tell me theres no other one . \ 
Jesus was an only son , for you . \ 
And I still believe that I cannot be saved , \ 
and I still believe that I cannot be saved ... 
feels dead ... this is aweful 
We're all stars in the dope show 
woot woot ! finally got rid of that fever ... now if only i could shake this damn cough 
I am the world before I am a man . I was a creature before I could stand . I will remember before I forget . 
The bass , the rock , the mic , the treble . I like my coffee black just like my metal ... 
would really appreciate if this damn illness would leave me soon . medicines not working so maybe a letter from facebook will do the trick ? 
So lets get to the point . Lets roll another joint , and lets head on down the road , theres somewhere I gotta gooo ... 
back out to shovel ... this shits ridiculous 
Finally ... I made it to the outside world ! 
damn it has been a boring day ... 
Time is so short and I'm sure , there must be something more ... 
Definitely just made a trip to Walmart for lemonade , cheesits , < PROPFEMALE > buns , and cinnamon rolls ... the original plan was to get lemonade lol 
How do you fail at canned cinnamon rolls ? 
I wanna breathe that fire again 
ice cream cake ftw ! .... programming homework : fml 
Sleep , i miss you dearly and would love for you to be back in my life , but it appears that there simply isn't time for that ... sorry . 
Why are the cheez-its gone ? =[ 
The killer in me is the killer in you 
Emptiness is loneliness , and loneliness is cleanliness , and cleanliness is Godliness , and God is empty just like me 
Now all I do , girl , is lie here , I think I'll die here . Insomnia . 
woot woot ! finally done with classes for today ... looks like i'll be dreaming in c++ tonight 
Today is the greatest\ 
Day I've ever known\ 
Can't live for tomorrow , \ 
Tomorrow's much too long\ 
I'll burn my eyes out\ 
Before I get out 
may have found the solution to shitty internet !!! 
what a boring saturday ... actually considering doing homework ... blech ! 
so much work to be done ... and all i can think about is sleep 
For you , I bleed myself dry 
I want a girl with lips like morphine\ 
Blow a kiss that leaves me gasping\ 
I want to feel that lightning strike me\ 
And burn me down 
Somehow I found , a way to get lost in you 
Every one is changing , theres no one left thats real . So make up your own ending , let me know just how you feel . 
If hope is a dangerous hole , \ 
will you join me ? \ 
Jump there's a world of war . \ 
Eyes closed for lives to open up \ 
Free fall with me to open up 
Hey everyone . Just wanted to say hi to whoever wants to listen !! 
black clouds comin ' and they won't go away 
Just played a semi-successful online match on the ps3 !!! Hughesnet , you won't be missed ! 
look up , I look up at night ... planets are movin at the speed of light 
We never change , do we ? We never learned to leave . 
I'm on the front line , don't worry I'll be fine . This story is just beginning . 
Cause you are my medicine\ 
When you're close to me 
damn you procrastination ... DAMN YOU !!! 
Approaching guiding light , \ 
Our shallow years in fright , \ 
Dreams are made winding through my head 
I'll make it to the < PROPFEMALE > if I have to crawl 
