says this sucks !! 

is sad . 
is bored !!!!!!!!!!!! soooooooooooooooooooooooooo bored 
soooooooooooooooooo bored 
is bored . again . 
is tired . 
thinks that today sucks 
loves Mafia Wars :-D 
doesn't want to go to work ... 
is bored . 
just got home from a bon fire .... forgot how much i missed people 
doesn't want to go to work again ... im so ready for the 4th !!! 
is bored ... . wants to go to cabin ..... doesn't want to go to work . 
is annoyed and a little depressed ... 
wishes i took summer classes .... SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO BORED !!! 
is kinda sad . 
is bored . I gotta go mow the lawn ... 
is multi-tasking .... watching clueless , talking to pammy , and playing Mafia Wars !!! YAY !!! 
is gunna run some errands today ... with mommy and possibly cassee ... :-) 
is waiting for chili !!! 
is having a < PROPMALE > Potter Marathon with Cassee !!! YAY !!! on #3 Prisioner of Azkaban 
hopes i can get Labor day weekend off !!! 
and i turn 21 in 20 DAYS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
is meh . 
is REALLY REALLY annoyed . and pissed off a bit too .... 
is SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO excited to see < PROPMALE > Potter tonight with my mom and cassee !!! :-D 
... wants to go buy cigs .... can't think of another good option . 
is alone ... as usual . 
depressed ... going to work ... sad . 
is at Nicks house looking for a car for him .... again 
Happy Birthday to MEEEEEEEEEEEEEE ! 
Hey Y'all I turn 21 TODAY ! and we are gunna be partying at Tuttles in Hopkins if you wanna join the party !! :-D 
my 21st ROCKED !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Woke up tooooo early tho 
just got my outer Tie-Rod ends Replaced YAY !!!!!!!!!!! 
is getting ready to go to my NEW job at < PROPFEMALE > Secret :-D 
sooooooooooooooooooooooooooo excited !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
soooooooooooooooooooooooo TIRED !! 
watching < PROPMALE > play Guitar Hero Metallica !!! lol 
is catchin up b4 school starts monday 
has a stupid car that isn't starting right .... stupid car !! 
just bought a new computer !! yay !! 
is going to bed .... night night 
is suuuuuper depressed now ... this sucks . 
is doing homework .... boooo !!! 
' s life sucks . 
watching the new Vampire Diaries show and so far im very disappointed . 
stupid test 
is waiting for < PROPMALE > so we can start watching our movie ... well first we gotta find a movie . 
is still tired after a 3 hour nap ... BOOO 
is at work and my stomach is killing me . 
wants to go back to bed ... stupid school . 
wants a nap ... almost done tho YAY ! 
is at work ... bored ... wanna go home and nap ... back is sore .. again 
dislikes mn weather right now and wishes i didn't have homework to do ... boo school !! 
watching the Vikings game !!!! YAHOOOOOO !!!!!!! 
twins rock !!!!!!!!!!! 
is at work .... tired as hell !! 
stupid snow !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
STUPID HOMEWORK !!! 
is relaxing at melodees :-) Missing my < PROPFIRST > :-( 
is sick of being at work i just wanna go home and take a nap ! 
just got home from making cookies with Cassee and < PROPFIRST > 
is going to MOA with my < PROPFIRST > !!! yay !!! Hooters maybe ?!?! 
soooo addicted to all these games ..... grrr 
making steak and salad and potatoes with < PROPMALE > 
is sitting at the hospital ... mom is in sugery ... glad they have wireless . 
is at my last day of work !! YAY !! 
is bored ... 
going to the liquor store so i can make my cake !!!! YAY CAKE !! 
is waiting for < PROPMALE > to get of work so we can go to christmas party !! YAY !! decided i wanna switch phones . 
is going to run errands and wait until i can get cassee and < PROPFEMALE > 
is going to bed !! SOOOOOO excited for Twins Fest tomorrow !! YAY ! 
hates snow and wishes my driveway didn't consist of mostly ice !! 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status , and put the first entry for your name under comments ... 
doesn't want to work tonight but i need the money . 
doesn't want to go to work . 
is at nicks house . Waiting for him to make me egg-in-a-hole !! YAY ! 
wants to take a nap . 
at nicks house watching Secret Window !! YAY 
finally got my car working !! yay !! now tomorrow start job hunting .... again . 
misses seeing all my family happy and healthy , & i miss Grandma 
is tired and bored and hungry 
wants a job , doesn't want to do homework , misses < PROPMALE > , needs friends , bored ... 
got a job at < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > in Ridgedale !! yay ! hopefully ill get LOTS of hours 
President Obama has proposed a 1.4% pay increase for active duty military in 2011 . This is THE LOWEST SINCE 1973 ! Nice to know that during a time of rampant inflation , while war is fought in 2 theatres , our men and women in uniform get A LOWER PAY INCREASE THAN WELFARE RECIPIENTS !!! Please repost if you support our troops . 
wants to go tanning ! feels very < PROPFEMALE > in the nice weather ! 
i am so sick of people . f-ing grrrrr . 
kind of sad , a little depressed , don't know who to talk to , everyone left ... 
lots of new photos !! YAY 
today sucks 
ugggg ... work is stupid . Work all week then Missouri Wed-Fri and back to work Sat 
is in Missouri with < PROPFEMALE > !! YAY ! 
is finally home ... Missouri is warmer , Minnesota is cold ... booo 
POSTED PICS OF HAILEYS GRADUATION ! 
is already sick of working 2 jobs and school . 
is still tired . 
needs more money .... 
got an interview tomorrow at 1 !! yay ! 
did inventory at Famous Footwear tonight . Boring . lol but interesting . Looking forward to my interview tomorrow 
is bored . should be doing homework .... i dont wanna 
is soooo sick of school 
is doing homework . i gots the WHOLE day off 
doesn't wanna work today .... its supposed to be nice out . :( 
doesn't want to go back to work !!! BOOOOO !! stupid money 
is off to work at Famous Footwear ! YAY ! 
went SHOPPING !! yay !! happy times 
time for work !! yay money .... boo work lol 
well i get some daytime hours free and i gotta do homework and its not < PROPFEMALE > out :( 
wants job bad ... NOW 
homework = stupid 
stupid teeth so ready for the dentist dont like hydorocodone anymore 
yay !! last day of school MAY 13 SOOOOOO CLOSE ! 
While you SCREAM at your woman , there's a man wishing he could whisper softly in her ear ... \ 
While you HUMILIATE , OFFEND and INSULT her , there's a man flirting with her and reminding herhow wonderful she is . \ 
While you HURT your woman , there's a man wishinghe could make love to her . While you make your women CRY there's a manstealing smiles from her ... \ 
Post this on your wall if you're againstDomestic Violence 
yay !! 1 test down ... 1 to go !! 
all done with school for summer YAY !! 
stupid banks .... broke 
needs to mow the REALLY long grass ... stupid mowers 
finally got to sleep in today ... feels so freaking good !!!!!! 
need job NOW ! Full time M-F 8-430 or 5 HELP ! 
i hate lawn mowers .... but now it is done , for at least a couple days .... 
mowing , fertilizing , shoveling , and then doing the same thing in the front yard .... boooooo grass 
is at Nicks house .... excited for work tomorrow !! 
wants my internet back at my house !!!! 
totally ready for next weekend !!!!!! FINALLY GOING TO THE CABIN !!!! 
is GOING TO THE CABIN TOMORROW !!! SO EXCITED !!! :-) 
so happy its the weekend ! 
soooooo bored . 
is tired and crabby and im watching bed knobs and broomsticks :-) kinda lonely tho 
is a little depressed today ;-( 
is irritated with this stupid F-ing printer !!! 
wants a driod 2 .... needs life ... 
tomorrow : buy school books , make printer work , and deposit checks . good night everyone 
$506.32 in school books , and $4.28 Arbys ... one expensive monday 
last night = Awesome ! Halestorm , Stone Sour , Avenged Sevenfold , DISTURBED !! i looooovvvvveeeee live music ! need to see Slipknot 
has strep throat ... 1st day of school .... this sucks . 
sooo bored , computers suck yada yada yada 
?? Sisterweek !!? Ifyou have a sister , whether biological or spiritual , who has made youlaugh , wiped your tears , prayed for you , hugged you tight , watched yousucceed , saw you fail , cheered you on and kept you strong ; copy andpaste this on her wall ??? 
weekends are soooo much shorter when you have a full time job and fulltime school . but at the same time the week goes by quicker too .... not sure if its good or bad yet ... thinking good 
just want to go to nicks and relax and eat food 
stupid homework ... still sick of homework ... just want to be done ! 
loving life . < PROPFEMALE > happy ... almost done ... fishy fishy fishy .... 
i dunno ... im a little sad right now ... 
TODAY SUCKS !! 
7 effin classes left .... no time for any of them .... grrrr 
wants to see < PROPMALE > Potter !! 
count down to the end of the semester .... 19 days then a nap 
last day of class = TUESDAY !! YAY !! 
yay just finished my last final !!!! 
exhausted for some reason ... still making up for waking up at 630 Saturday morning for inventory ! 
O nook how i wish i could play longer ... sadly i must sleep 
I love that i can facebook on my nook 
I love coffee 
Sweet girls come from the South , Barbies come from California , but MINNESOTA girls have fire and ice in our blood ! We can drive in the snow , handle the cold , beat the heat , be a < PROPFEMALE > , throw a right hook or a football and drink with the boys ! We can cook a wicked good meal , and if we have an opinion .... you can bet your sweet ass you're gonna hear it !!! ( Re-post if you Came from the frozen tundra of Minnesota ) 
depressed yada yada yada . needs to leave home . SOON ! 
o Mondays how i hate you .... < PROPMALE > paying time :-( 
1st day not smoking = not fun . want cig NOW ! 
time to take a test .... ewwww 
got a tooth pulled thursday thank god for vicodin !! 
I HATE SNOW !!!! 
\supervising\ " < PROPMALE > playin Resident Evil 5 .... for 4 hours " 
