Having Knee surgery on Wednesday , again ! Hope this takes care of everything this time . 

it's been a long week . I had surgery on my kneey Wednesday .. Now the wife is in the hospital with kidney stones . Never did like August . 
Hope this is better than last year ! 
I'm a parent and an educator and I've come to the conclusion that homework is a total waste of time . Especially for kids who get the concept . It's just busy work that enables the teacher to put enough grades in the grade book . There's very little research that proves homework inproves student understanding , long term retention of materials or improves overall student achievement . Sorry , just venting . 
Wondering if Australian Rules football is still on TV somewhere ? 
Spent the Weekend at the Grand Canyon and exploring Indian ruins at Wupatki National Monument . Also hiked the lava flow at Sunset Crator NM . Great time , but the wind was Killer ! 
I am so pissed that the Stupid Wheeling City council voted to allow natural gas drilling at Oglebay and Wheeling parks . Idiots . 
FYI ... basketball season is coming soon ... If you want you can follow the < PROPMALE > Wildcats , we're on line at : http://coachedge.tripod.com/wilsonwildcatsboysbasketball/ I'll be updating as the season goes by . Usually have a good group of kids . Not much height though . lol lol Attach : Photos Video Event Link 
Don't you just love Halloween ? 
Going to try my first long bike ride tommorow since the knee surgery . Wish me luck . 
I woke up at 3 AM last night with a hankerin ' for a stupid Super Chef from Burger Chef ! Haven't even thought about that place for years . 
Well , it's finally getting too cold to go in the pool . I guess fall is finally here . 
NCAA div . II Football playoffs - West < PROPFEMALE > 84 Edenburough 63 OMG ! What the heck ! Is West < PROPFEMALE>'s football team trying to out score their basketball team ? And how the hell do you explain to someone that you LOST a football playoff game and scored 63 points ? 
Thanks < PROPFEMALE > :) 
Thanks to all who wished me a happy birthday . Makes getting older a lot less painful . lol lol 
Been coaching at a basketball tournament since 7:30 this morning . Got home at 11:25 PM . We're in to the final round , but 3 games in one day and 5 games since Tuesday , makes for a long week . Two more games on Monday . 
My daughter's boyfriend is here from England . Seems like a real nice guy . But you know I'll have to give him the \Hillbilly Hard Time \".." 
Had a hell of game tonight . Closed out the regular season beating a team that was sure they were going to abuse us . Their coach wasn't happy , but life's tough .... get a helmet . Looks like we are playoff bound . ' 
Got knocked out of the Conference tournament tonight . Kids played their butts off , but the shots wouldn't fall , just one of those nights . A great group of kids this year . Only thing left is the Varsity Girls/Boys co-ed Maroon/Grey game next week . 
I click on the groups icon at the bottom of my < PROPFEMALE > and I keep getting redirected to my home pag ... what gives ???? 
Doesn't matter how old they get , it hurts to see one of you kids cry . 
My mom's in the hospital , she had a minor heart attack . When you get the call , there's nothing MINOR about it . This is when I hate living so far away . She's still in the hospital , supposed to know more tomorrow . She's doing OK now . But , it'd be great if you all would keep her in your thoughts and prayers . 
update on mom . she had a second heart attack while at the hospital . Pretty serious this time . She's starting to show some improvement though . Thanks for all your thoughts and prayers . 
My Mom is doing much better . Out of Intensive Care . I talked to her and she talked back for the first time yesterday and they have had her up and moving around . Seems she may have had a slight stroke as well . But she's on the Plus side of things and that makes for a very good day . Thanks again for all your support . 
If your Mom is your Hero , whether you are blessed to have her still with you , or she has gone to the Lord , copy and paste this with her name : < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Edge 
In case you didn't get the word from my brother ... My mom's doing a lot better . They moved her to the Belmont Rehab Center in Bellaire , OH . She should be there less than a week and if all goes well , she'll be going home . Talked to her today and she was cramky ..... That's a good thing :) Thanks again for all your thoughts and prayers . 
One step forward and two steps back ... my mom had a relapse and may need to be moved up to Pittsburgh . Kee her in your thoughts . 
Moved my Mom to Allegheny General in Pittsburgh . Seems to be getting much better care . Still in critical condition , having additional kidney and liver problems . But she's stable and showing some signs of improvement . 
Back home to see my Mom . Nice to see family regardless of the reason . 
HERE'S AN UPDATE ON MY MOM FROM MY SIS : Just a new update on MOM , she will be having a heart cath tomorrow and they will check out all work done in 2002 and correct any problems . Her kidneys are working alot better , her spirits are great , she looks good . Keep her in all of your prayers . And to all who have been praying THANK YOU from all of my family . The power of prayer is such a big help . God is always with us . 
GO HILLTOPPERS ! 
PLACE OF BIRTH ! Everyone please play ! You will find it interesting to know where your FB friends birth places are . Copy & paste this on your profile , then put your place of birth at the end of this sentence . Wheeling Island , West < PROPFEMALE > . 
My Mom had her heart cath yesterday . Things went well . She was up and moving around today , so things are looking up . Thanks again for all your support . 
Copied from my friend < PROPFEMALE>'s wall : Today over 23,000 teachers were given pink slips in California . In honor of ALL teachers , copy this into your facebook status . We are willing to post colors of our underwear , places we were born , and other trivial nonconsequential drivel . Let's honor those who have made an impact in ALL of our lives ! In the comments name a teacher who has impacted you . ( < PROPMALE > Dei , < PROPFIRST > Bowman ) 
Good news . My Mom was moved from Pittsburgh . She's at Peterson in Wheeling for rehab and is feeling great . :) 
I found these at my Mom's house ... just had to share . 
Lets see who is paying attention ... every single one of you are on my friend list as a result of a concious decision . I am not only glad to count you as friends but also as family ! Let's see who in my Friends list actually pays attention . copy and paste this on your status . On your marks ... get set ... GO 
Nice day today . Beautiful < PROPFEMALE > day . Took a bike ride along the canals this morning , there were several large Cranes wading in the water looking for fish , a bunch of ducks , one with 8 ducklings and a ton of wren like birds making mud nests under the foot bridges . Wish I had my fishing < PROPMALE > , there were some big grass carp schooling around in the shallows . 
Came home and my oldest Daughter Dez was finising up coloring the Easter eggs , < PROPFEMALE > is relaxing reading a book , < PROPMALE>'s chatting in the living room with his friend , and < PROPFIRST>'s out riding her bike somewhere . My friend Gooch is coming over this afternoon to watch the WVU game and eat some hot wings and toss down a few brews . AND MY MOM GOT TO GO HOME TODAY AND IS FEELING MUCH BETTER ..... live is good . 
My Aunt < PROPFEMALE > walked out of the retirement home she's staying at in Bellaire , Ohio this morining and is missing . She's in her 80's and has some memory problems . She apparently took off around 5:00 AM and no one's seen her since . They used dogs to track the way she was going for about a mile into the woods but lost her scent . Please keep her and her family in your thoughts . Thanks . 
Been a busy summer so far . Took our first Cruise ... 4 days from LA to Ensenada , Mexico and back . Went deep sea fishing off < PROPFEMALE > Island ( then got to eat what we caught ) . Toured Ensenada , spent time on the beach , shopped at the flea markets and went to LA Bufadora ! ( it's a big blow hole ) . Did a lot of neat stuff on board as well . 
Then took 3 summer seminars at my school for professional growth credits and made a little money as well . Playing Mr. Mom most of the summer as < PROPFEMALE > will be traveling for work a good bit . 
Took nice bike ride this morning with Spike . It was already 101 degrees when we left at 7:00 AM , so it was a hot one . We rode along the canals ( yes we have canals in AZ , actually , there are more < PROPMALE > of canals in metro Phoenix than in < PROPFEMALE > ) , so being by the water made it seem a little cooler . Went about 25 < PROPMALE > . Came home , hit the pool to cool down and swam a few laps with one of my dogs . Nice day so far . 
OK .... I need help . My friends list is missing ..... It says 0 friends , so I don't know if anyone will even get this .... If you can help me .... PLEASE DO ! 
Hey ! I found my Friends ! You all were there all the time ! Must have been a computer glitch of some kind . Hope you all had a great Independance Day Celebration . 
I talked to my Daughter in England today . Her boyfriend's family put up American Flags on there mantle and celebrated with sparklers today . Now there's a touch of class from across the pond . Thanks to Gareth and his family for making this day speial for her . 
Had a great 4th . with my family ( except Dez , she's out of the country ) , Brenda , < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > and her boyfriend BranDan , My Uncle Spike , My cousin < PROPFEMALE > , her husband < PROPFIRST > , their son < PROPMALE > , and my best friend Gooch and his kids , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > . Had a great time . Eating and Swimmng ( and maybe a little Drinking ) . It's always great to catch up on things and swap lies about when we were younger . lol lol 
Almost ran into a roadrunner on my bike ride yesterday . I guess they only go \Beep ! Beep\ " in the cartoons ! " 
A\ 
daughter will hold your hand for a little while , but will hold your \ 
heart for a life time . \It's daughter week\ " If you you have a daughter 
Playing zoo keeper today . bathed dogs , cleaned out bird cage and < PROPFEMALE > cage ; brushed and trimmed < PROPFEMALE > , changed cat's litter box . All that's left is to clean out the turtles ' tank . Maybe I'll do that another day . :) 
Monsoon finally hit tonight . Big storm .... water covering across both sides of the street . maybe I'll break out the canoe . Well at least the dam didn't break .... oh wait that happened last week . lol 
\Not like the brazen giant of Greek fame 
someone posted a picture of possibly a imaciated coyote .... did they ever find out what it was ? 
Back to school ( work ) tomorrow . Bummer :( What ever happened to \See you in September \"?" 
My daughter < PROPFIRST > just graduated from the Arizona School of Massage Therapy and I couldn't be prouder . She worked two jobs while taking classes and has basically been paying for it all herself . More importantly , she seems to have found a career that she has a gift and a passion for . Great job < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Somtimes I think Primary elections are a beaurocratic waste of time . Let's just put them all up for one vote and get it over with . 
You know ,, I was going to bitch about people who send me stuff about their political and religious convictions , but I realize that would make me the same as them . So , please invoke your right in this country to free speach . Send away ! Just remember , we don't have to agree . :) 
.... And why the heck do my dogs insist on eating cat poop out of my cat's litter box ? They get fed every day and really seem to enjoy the food I'm giving them . Are they just trying to gross me out ? Are they doing it to mess with the cat ? Or are they just stupid dogs ??? ..... Actually , I guess I shouldn't complain , it really cuts down on how often we have to clean the litter box . 
Watching WLU Hilltopper football on TV in Arizona ....... who would've thought ? 
Crappy day today . Mom fell down again and is in the hospital , hit her head . Doing EKG today . Then , went to the doctor for a follow up on my knee and was diagnosed with \Golfer's Elbow\ " . But hey ! I can still save 15% or more by switching to GIECO . " 
Heavy winds , tornados , tennis ball size hail , massive storms and flooding . Rath of god type stuff . It's been a wild day in AZ . 
It's getting hard to be a Thundering Herd fan right now . But I still have faith . 
Rode a new canal trail today . Beautiful ride out of the city towards the Salt River . Passed cotton fields and Orange groves . Saw an Eagle and a ton of Carp , some as long as my arm . But ..... 
I forgot that even though it's nice and cool in the AM , we still hit the mid-90's around noon . Got 25 < PROPMALE > out and realized it was getting hot . went through 3 bottles of water and a 44oz Unbound energy fountain drink from AM/PM on the way back . Had the shakes for a while after I go home . Not sure if it was from the ride or the energy drink that I thought was like Gatorade ..... NOT . lol 
Not sure why the second paragraph came up first ..... damn computer ! 
Someone is using my facebook to try and scam money .... stating I'm stuck in London . It's a load of CRAP . delete it . 
Thanks to all who notified me about the scam someone tried to pull using my address . I'm trying to rectifying the situation . Please disreguard any similar notices that may come from this account . 
Thanks Dad , < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > . Thanks for serving . I'm proud to be part of the same family . 
I am SOOOOO pissed off ! Friggin CBS decided to take off the Steelers game and put on a more competitive game Jets vs Texans ... Like I could give a rats ass ! 
thanks to all for the birthday wishes . unfortunately , i spent my birthday in the emergancy room after falling of a ladder putting up christmas lights . having surgery on my right arm tomorrow . hoping all goes well . 
UPDATE . I'M FEELING MUCH BETTER . I SEE THE DOCTOR ON WEDNESDAY TO REMOVE THEB CAST , REMOVE STICHES AND DETERMINE WHAT HAPPENS NEXT . THE FIRST FEW DAYS AFTER SURGERY WERE DEFINATELY NO FUN . 
FYI ...... HAVING MY ARM IN A SLING DEFINATELY MAKES ME A MUCH CALMER COACH . LOL 
HAD A GREAT CHRISTMAS . EVERYONE ENJOYED SHRING THE DAY TOGETHER AND MY OLDEST DAUGHTER , < PROPFEMALE > , GOT ENGAGED . NOT BAD . 
Just took my first bicycle ride since I broke my arm on my birthday in November . Man , it was great to get back on the road ( actually a canal path ) . Only went 12 < PROPMALE > but it was enough for now . Started therapy and still wearing a brace , but I can get back to pedaling so I'm a happy camper . 
