One week its unreal I cant believe now its been a year .... 

Is monday here yet ???? I need a magic wand to wave and clean my house and bring daddy home ....... three more days yayayayayayayayay !!!!!!!!! 
I need to clean but I keep avoiding it . Why is my yard so muddy I hate dog prints all over the the house I cant keep up with my loving zoo ...... 
He is HOME !!!! 
Maybe hit up the Aquarium today with the fam ! 
So tired today ... the dentist cancelled on me he is sick . As much as I hate going I need to boo . Miss my friends back home hope they had a great weekend . 
American Idol ? loved it ! Wow still miss my friends . 
People and time ? I love them both ... But .... 
Missing < PROPFEMALE > :-( 
To My Grandma < PROPFEMALE > ! I love her with all my might ! I miss you always so does LJ . He has always been smitten for you ;-) 
Lovely Day to have before the rain starts to come again .... 
Love my Girl < PROPFEMALE > wish she was here !! Ayden and LJ would have so much fun ! 
Thank you to my Husband ... my family members who have served for our country . Thank you to the men and women whom we have lost while they defended our country . God Bless < PROPFEMALE > ! 
REASON YOU ARE ENJOYING A LONG WEEKEND : A USA military member is missing their family while caring for yours . In the minute it takes you to read this , military members all over the world are saving lives . It's Military Appreciation Week . Repost if you are a military member , love a military member , hold memories of a fallen ... hero , or appreciate the military 
ARE YOU SERIOUS ?????? Obama picks Memorial Weekend to go home to Chicago instead of following traditions and speaking at Arlington Cemetery . The President is the Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces but HE needs a break on the ONE day we are supposed to remember troops and all they've done . Repost this status if you think ... our troops are ... worth remembering . I know I sure do 
We will be having a busy moving week ! Luckily since I am prego now I dont have to < PROPFEMALE > the large items !!!!! 
This heat wave needs to go away so my little guy can play outside ...... 
Children with special needs don't have an illness , so there is no cure and it's not contagious . They want what we all want - to be accepted . Many of you probably won't copy and paste this , but will you please do it and leave it on your status for at least an hour ? It's special education week . 
< PROPFIRST > Lohan ? I can't believe the news coverage being given to a spoiled 20 something yr old . Here are a few 20 year-olds worth knowing about : < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > 23 , < PROPFIRST > Linley 29 , < PROPMALE > Weikert 29 , Justus Bartett 27 , < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > 21 , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 21 , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 26 , < PROPMALE > hew < PROPMALE > 23 , < PROPFIRST > Goeke 23 , & < PROPMALE > Tate ...... 27 . . These 20 year olds gave their lives for you this week . Repost if you support our military 
This is to all the unselfish moms out there who traded eyeliner for dark circles , Salon cuts for ponytails , Long showers for quick showers , Late nights for early mornings , Designer bags for diaper bags , and wouldn't change a thing . Lets see how many moms repost this . Moms who don't care about whatever they gave up , instead LOVE what t ...... hey get in return . Repost this if you're a mom and LOVE your kids ! 
If you have a sister who has made you laugh , wiped your tears , hugged youtight , watched you succeed , saw you fail , cheered you on and kept youstrong , copy and paste this to your status . Sisters are supposed to < PROPFEMALE > promise from God that we will have a forever friend ! Repost if you ...... have ... an Amazing Sister ! ? 
Heidl's will be here soon so excited to see everyone !!!!! Hope they have a safe trip .... 
Home sick today :-( LJ is also getting over something poor guy I hate when he is sick . 
Hurricane < PROPMALE > is coming ....... Hope we dont get hit too hard here 
No < PROPMALE > here ! It barely skimmed the coast , so happy about that . Now we are going to have another HOT day .... 
Yay LJ gets to go to his tumbling class and get out his abundance of toddler energy , very excited to see him go be a monkey ! 
I woke up very disturbed from an extremely vivid dream . When you are pregnant you have the weirdest dreams , this one could be a good scary movie though lol ............ 
Remembering 911\ 
http://lucianne.com/article/?pageid=there_she_stands 
Hopefully a fun day with < PROPFEMALE > to the outer banks ! Should be very nice weather compared to yesterday . 
I had a little helper today while I gave the dogs a bath !!! LJ growing up is so fast but sometimes , like today , I am ok with it :-) 
Time to go to kickboxing !!!! Im excited but I know its going to be hilarious watching this growing belly try to keep up ;-) 
A true friend doesn't care when you're broke , what you weigh , if your house is a mess , about your past , or if your family is filled with crazies . They love you for who you are . A true friend can go long periods of time without speaking and never question the ...... friendship .... Repost if you have one true friend . They will know who they are :) 
Woke up early from a little lady in my belly kicking me letting me know she is hungry ;-) Such an amazing feeling I am blessed ! 
My latest pregnancy dream involved all my girlfriends from home ... I was watching Jills parents house for them ? So weird . It made me lonesome for you all though :-( 
Rainy day and dentist appointments today ... What a bum combo . Maybe I can cuddle up with my little guy and watch a movie sometime to relax . 
LJ slept in so late today !!! Tuesday is my weekend day of not much to do , love it ! 
Terrible two's when do they end .......... 
My dogs want to go out and play so bad but its been raining for days and they are too big chickens ! 
It's Wet outside . - < PROPFIRST > 
I like it on my hook in the entryway ..... 
A politician sees his family everyday ; a deployed soldier once in 6 months . A politicianflies 1st class ; a soldier flies in a C130 . A politician's pension isnot reduced ; a soldier's is clawed 65% . A politician enjoys an expenseaccount ; a soldier must justify extra rations . A politician vows to ... defend their country ; ... a soldier actually keeps that promise . REPOSTIF YOU SUPPORT OUR TROOPS 
Hubby's on duty so I am very board today on < PROPMALE > Day .... LJ and I are hanging out together on this pretty day so that makes up for it :-) 
Its a beautiful day here in NC cant wait to go play outside with my little guy !!! 
Boys are asleep ..... what to do with my free time ? 
I think I am growing the next karate kid in my stomach ..... 
I have a real live Buzz Lightyear in the house !!! 
Iron man underwear is a big hit today !! 
Going to the Aquarium tonight with Buzz Lightyear !! Trick or Treat under the sea very exciting date ! 
Today is my birthday and I'm raising money for Support our Troops . Click here to donate : http://birthdays.causes.com/wishes/64941?bws=st 
Thank You all so much for your Birthday Wishes !!! My family and I had a wonderful busy day ! 
So much to do and the day has barely begun ...... AWWWWHH 
Oh so very bored on duty . Only 1 more hour to go !!!! 
If you have a wonderful man who is your whole world , who isn't perfect but is perfect for you , who works hard ( and plays harder ) , who would do anything for you ( in his own way ) , who makes you laugh , is your best friend ( and sometimes your only friend ) , who you want to grow old with ......... ( if you don't kill him first ) , and who you are thankful for every day , then post this as your status . ? 
Managed to shoot myself in the face with my sons nerf gun in the mid of fixing it . I would not make a good < PROPFEMALE >;-) Love you < PROPFIRST > 
Time to go to kick boxing !!! I love this class its such a stress relief ! 
My son is taking a seriously long nap , I am worried he will wake up and be another inch taller or a pre-teen ;-) We will see ! 
Im very blessed and excited to have Thanksgiving with my love this year ! Not excited for the food shopping and preparation ..... It begins today 
Hope Everyone Had A Wonderful Thanksgiving ! We did and I am sooooooo thankful , now we get to be excited to go home for Christmas ;-) 
Its getting cold !!! Maybe snow in NC this Christmas ? 
I cant wait to see the snow in Colorado ................ Take my little man sledding ! 
Cange your profile pic for an animated character from your childhoodandinvite your friends to do the same . The goal is to not see a humanface on Facebook until Monday December 6th . Support the fight againstChild Abuse by copying and pasting this as your status . 
Getting sick BOOO , hope it goes away before our big trip to CO 
Getting ready for a road trip home ! Colorado here we come ...... 
This Christmas , while you are eating your dinners and laughing , remember that in another house there is an empty chair where a hero should be sitting . They gave their life so that you can sit with your family . So light a candle this Christmas for our fallen heroes that did not make it back , and for those still serving ... in Iraq , Afghanistan , or elsewhere . Repost as your status to show your honor for them !!! 
Yay snow LJ cant wait to play outside !!!!! 
HUSBAND WEEK : If you have a husband who is your best friend , who works hard for you , who has been with you through thick and thin , who loves you unconditionally even when you're at your worst , and whom you are PROUD to be married to , copy and paste this with the date you were married : June March 28 , 2007 
We got < PROPFEMALE>'s portraits taken today ! So excited to see them her and her brother are too precious I am so lucky to have them !!! Event hough they do not look like me ;-) 
Just found out today that we are moving back near our home for at least 3 years !!! Co here we come !!! 
Is anyone interested in adopting a Black and white cat ????? 
Last month here in North < PROPFEMALE > for the P-Rez family . Very sad to leave , but happy to be closer to family . 
