So , do I think far too much , or is it that you think so pathetically little ? 

is dreaming of a matte black WRX wagon ..... * drool * 
QRF .... ' til you fall out . 
Instead of goin on a mission ... you get to do ..... A POLICE CALL ! YAY ! OF THE ENTIRE FOB ! YAY ! 
Kuwait , and when I am I goin to f-ing be there . 
Kuwait , and when am I goin to f-ing be there 
Looks like sandstorms are gonna bump us back .... 
I spent the fourth(and third ) mostly , sorry , entirely hammered . < PROPFEMALE > was SAVAGE ! 
Wants to go to Australia . 
I am boots on teh ground . 
No , motherfucker , YOU do pushups . 
You wanna talk shit ? How bout we switch places and let your family pray these IEDs miss . 
Confusion , Frustration , Loneliness , and Doubt . Welcome to the Infantry . 
Snapping out of the crud . 
30 hour push on 1 hour of sleep . 
Its really not as bad as it seems ... my secondary MOS is Whining Specialist . 
Staying sharp . 
Don't worry , we can rebuild you . 
I get to be drink bitch ! ' < PROPFIRST > ! 
... Time will feed upon your weaknesses , And soon you'll lose the will to care , When you return to the place that you call home , We will be there , we will be there ... 
I need to find a coat for the NYC in Feb ... thinking about going for a Pendelton or a Woolrich ... hmmm ... 
Wisdom to deaf ears like water over rocks .... 
What I don't see , I don't know . What I don't know , I don't want . What I don't want , I don't need . What I don't need , I don't feel . What I don't feel , I don't say . What I don't say , I don't do . What I don't do , I don't like . What I don't like , I waste . 
Just sittin , waiting and salivating for my computater to get here someday . 
Got my first package from teh homeland ! Not even the Iraqi sun could melt away the goodness of RAISINETS !!!! 
I am ... not unlucky ... but just not .... lucky ... 
I got a shirt ! Gotta luv ACU ! Heh heh , I loves it . 
Its < PROPFEMALE > vu . I'm picking rocks out of the mud ... er sand . 
WHY IN THE FUCK DID OBAMA WIN THE PEACE PRIZE ! 
The cake is [ NOT ] a lie . Please excuse my outburst . 
I move tires like nobody's business . 
Stressed the fuck out . Rats in a cage .... 
Into fire you can send us ... from the fire we return . You can label us a consequence ... of how much you have to learn ... 
You will change your ways and you will make amends . Or we will wipe this place clean . 
In emptiness there is Good , but no Evil . Wisdom exists , the Way exists , Logic exists , but the mind is empty . 
Until a pit is dug for the wicked . 
Learning curve headed skyward . < PROPMALE > Quixote in tow . 
I'm tryin to decide if lookin for a dog would be a better choice than lookin for a girlfriend .... 
I'm a Legionnaire , camel in disrepair ... 
* drool * ... need Subaru ... need the shininess ... EAT THE SHININESS ! * more drool * 
Serenade silence , sycophantic strumpet . Slip swiftly , soon sleep soundly , sullenly . 
I need to find an artist ..... 
... and someone who speaks Latin . 
Apparently , I am a member of the first wave of \Porn-ready\ " youth . Go us ! " 
A < PROPFEMALE > man said , and I do not recall who , that there is no more than one good woman on Earth . So each man should love his wife as though she were that woman , and live happy . 
\For the tears of beauty in affliction turn rocks into cotton wool and tigers into sheep . \ " - < PROPMALE > Quixote ^_^ " 
Apparently ... in Arabic , there is no literal difference between \liking\ " and \ " loving . \ " So think twice when they tell you they like their camel . " 
My ornaments arms , my rest the battle fray . 
I may , or may not be a death lover ... 
Molon Labe 
Kmfdm is far too motivating . Someone is gonna tell me I can't listen to them any minute now ... 
I can hear those words echoing almost haunting , that taunting ring ... 
No niche in my utopia . 
Snow Patrol is fucking me up .... weak . 
KMFDM + Pig Iron = Ahhhh .... endorphins .... 
To all females who wear eyeliner to the gym ... after about twenty minutes you look like a sad racoon . BE ADVISED . 
I wish I had a dictionary .... 
Diggin ' the new privacy options ... 
That's ye whores . It ain't that they're young . All whores is young sometime just like all theives is . You don't wait till your old to start peddlin your ass nor stealin either one . Nip em . Nip em in the < PROPMALE > . 
Now hear this : Tribal Tattoos are of style and are now ridiculous , High and Tight hair cuts prove you think you tougher than you are , and take off that stupid hat in the gym . That is all ! 
Emotional Terrorism ! TEH FUTURZ ! 
I'm so done being in a monkey suit 24/7 . I'm ready to pretend I have my own brain again .... 
Fuck ... Maxpros ... 
I don't like it , but I guess things happen that way ... 
You see beauty , I see pain . You see sky , and I see ... I see rain ... 
I feel the Sicilian coursing through my veins . 
I am the souvenier of sadness , addicted to the madness ... 
I want to know why , when I read books written by infantry soldiers in Vietnam , I think about what I'm doing here .... and get nauseated . 
When your back was against the wall remember where could you go , remember who helped you again like he helped you before , went out of his way to let you know that aren't ever alone .... 
As wicked as you are , you're beautiful to me . 
PFC POWER !!!!!!!!!!!! 
Can't afford to care . 
Go see AVATAR .... or get the fuck off my planet . 
I could be an accident , but I'm still tryin ... that's more than I can say for him . 
I guess the sirens and the lights didn't make it clear enough ... 
Seems like the east coast is gonna have to wait ... P-town , you and me are getting naked . 
You're not the first , nor the last , but you might be the prettiest . 
I might be able to relax now ... less than 20 days ! 
This knight isn't shining . He's in SAPIs and weilds an M4 .... and he's coming to save the day . 
OK ... Inglorious Basterds .... I am .... underwhelmed . 
You're just the girl all the boys want to dance with , and I'm just the boy using too many chances .... 
Dear Womankind , Stop being dumb . Yours truly , < PROPMALE > 
Go FASTER ... clock ... 
Need ... more ... CARDIO ! 
YUM .... the iron-ish taste of cardio .... 
I don't think my hunger for pain can be sated . My palate will simply mature . 
WANTED : One dilligent Haus Frau for companionship and to keep up appearances . Pay : Varies by Quarterly Performance Review . Benefits : Job Security for the next 20+ years , optional Health Care pending Marital status , Personalized Hugs , and a Healthy Tolerance for Bitching . 
Hours .... and not that many of them .... hooray for ATL . 
That's right , Portland , the Eagle has landed . 
.... and I wonder if I ever cross your mind .... 
All I have , is one last < PROPMALE > . I won't turn my back on you ..... 
This profound love is my sweetest agony . WRX today ? 
... just to follow you home . 
Oh right ... alcohol is a depressant .... 
I will marry the first woman I meet , who likes to drive fast cars , shoot big guns , and feeds me hummus . 
Gotta whip , but nowhere to go .... awww sad face . 
How I wish you could see the potential , the potential of you and me ... It's like a book elegantly bound but , in a language you can't read , just yet . 
Armageddon < PROPFEMALE > FTW ! 
I pulled around the corner , and roared silently , smashing the air with my fists . All to punctuate words , that are emotions , that is a code you keep ignoring . 
Had an awesome leave . < PROPMALE > love to everyone ! Catch ya on the flip . 
Oh right , breaking's what the heart is for .... weird . 
Say something new , I have nothing left ... 
Can't wait to come home and play SUBARUs !!!!!!! 111 
Flame wars , and all the books I have yet to crack ... 
Death to Corporal Upham ... that is all . 
“In the first place , it is to be remembered , that the general government is not to be charged with the whole power of making and administering laws .... The subordinate governments , which can extend their care to all those objects , which can be separately provided for , will retain their due authority and activity . ” - < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > , Federalist Number 14 
Everyone is mad at me for not getting laid on leave .... 
Now hear this : There is still no manly way to eat a banana . 
Life is fucking juicy . 
This might just feed the mother of all our needs . 
Celibacy and War ? Or Debauchery and Boredom ? 
It is time for me to be home ... like now . 
Ripped from the dream-world , I screamed your name ... I laughed to myself . I'm still in the desert ... and you aren't even listening . 
It's been weeks and we just < PROPFEMALE > here , this awkward silence . One of us is blind , the other insane . 
Why do I have an award I don't want , and my Battle is excluded from not wanting one too ... 
Recreational eating ... it's what you do when you're stuck somewhere ... in this case ... Iraq . Oh Crossfit ... how I miss you . 
The boys are back in town . 
-1 Zero Day 
Fallin cheek to cheek . 
Zero Day . 
The dirty bitch is spittin ' now ... 
Nobody . 
I <3 my Suby . 
I've decided .... I want to be just like my Suby . 
T-minus 28hrs . 
Pipe-hitter's Union . 
Wasabi Peas ... you and Double IPA's are sorting the men from the boys for us all . I'm much obliged . 
It's like a different plane of being . Something you can never quite understand . How every breath is a blessing , every minute a conquest . You get to a point where you're connected to it , then all you want is more , more dangerous , more bloody . Until you look back and life is just a hazy memory ... soft , and unappealing , and you wonder , can I go home now ? 
Move timeline to the left ? ... could be good . 
Broad Ripple .... you are so cute when everyone dresses up like they're from Hawthorne/Belmont . \ 
\ 
Silly vanilla faces . 
Oh , you'll laugh .... at first . 
Stagnation . 
This is me .... this is me on lazy . 
I need to establish my rhythm ... oh , and Ms. Johansson ... please sit on my face . 
New MMA gym , more Crossfit , Shooting , and Books ! 
Oh hello little Subaru ... don't I own you ? Would you like to go for walkies ?! \ 
ME TOOO ! 
A fast car , fist full of cash , smoking female in the passenger seat , and the . 38 in my pocket ... ( The best way to ride . ) 
Promise me you'll try , to leave it all behind .... because I've elected Hell ... by lying to myself . 
Not sure if I'm diggin the gym MMA gym ... but Crossfit = Luv . 
Just to lay with you , there's nothing that I wouldn't do , save lay my rifle down ... 
Got to find the hottie with the million dolla body . 
I only start to lose when I start to get tired , and when I start to get tired , I start to play rough ..... So fuck around . 
First day , classroom . Second Day , practical . Third day , competition . The rest of my life , scaring the shit out of anyone who is in my car . 
I feel like 5 pounds of shit in 12oz bag . 
The nature of loyalty : As a working definition , loyalty can be characterized as a practical disposition to persist in an intrinsically valued ( though not necessarily valuable ) associational attachment , where that involves a potentially costly commitment to secure or at least not to jeopardize the interests or well-being of the object of loyalty . 
Most people are players , because they got played , and have not let go of that shit since the seventh grade . Yeah you got your heart broke , life sucks doesn't it ?! But you shouldn't fuck up someone else's life because of it ! Someone did your mother like that , that's why you're fatherless . 
I tried so hard to tell myself that you're gone , but when you still call me , it tears me apart . 
This is how pimps get pimped , and players get played , women cheated on , and gangsters sprayed . 
Sinful thoughts .... oh so many .... 
Escuchame senorita , if you don't respect yourself ; Don't expect respect from anyone else . Don't expect < PROPFEMALE > hombre to support you with wealth . Go to college and be successful , do it for delft . N < PROPFEMALE > ca vas a ser shit without knowledge your self . 
Show me a girl , with the world stuck to her , and I'll bet there's a dude that's tired of fucking her . Did that make you nervous ? I'm Sorry . FUCK YOU . 
It was you , who could get me high . With whatever you say , you're telling me something real . What we do , it doesn't matter now ... whatever it takes ... 
I put on ... 
I felt a change .... 
The truth is , you will search your entire life and not find again what stands in front of you . The darkness that mottles your heart will plague you , eyes that fail to see , fingers that won't feel , and a heart that stays silent . 
So instead of waiting to find a woman to cook for me .... I'll now endeavor to learn to cook delicious food for myself . Here's to having a award winning chef for a father ! 
Things to not do .... get photos taken by robots . 
It's probably decent that I finally recognize that at the root of all the worst problems in my life , is a girl who needed my help ... and turned on me . 
That ... was a rough night . Fun ... but rough ... 
It's evolution . 
You must be trippin ' girl ... 
I'm a man , I'm not perfect , I'll admit it , I'm guilty ; but understand , feel me I will ride FILTHY ... 
You see , what we have here .... is a failure to communicate . 
Sleep-over in the WRX for the WTF ?! It's my last weekend , time to make shit crack ! 
She's playing the victim , but she takes all out on me ... 
If you think I'm controlling ... then why do you follow me around ? 
I don't mean to be insensitive , but I really hate that shit .... 
You walk on like a woman in suffering . Won't even bother now to tell me why . You come alone , letting all of us savor the moment . Leaving me broken another time .... 
Dear Wallet , Please come back . I love you . I want to feed you money . 
Late nights , yes . Pretty women , yes . Pool tables , yes . Taco < PROPFEMALE > , no . 
Well , found three of the four . Not Hummus , but that's ignorance and can be remedied . 
My mind ... is setting it self up to be blown . Get yourself caught up , baby boy . 
Won't you let me in I wanna be your friend , I wanna guard your dreams and visions . Just wrap your legs around these < PROPFEMALE > ribs , and strap your arms across my engines ... 
My three convictions : Learn like they'll try and stop you , Fight like they're tryin to rape you ; and Love so hard it kills you . 
I love feeling dangerous . We must be going about 90 mph , but all I can do is close my eyes and push the pedal harder . Just don't stop biting my earlobe . 
I have a really stupid plan .... 
I might be insane ... everybody keeps throwing shit in my face , and I'll be damned if I'm not grinning . 
See these are my cards , they're awful , I won't argue you with ya , but see I've got a cause , a clause , that I live by ... keep the heater close because I don't want to die ... 
I'll black out , touching new life . Face down . Could this be the one ? 
Yeah .... I saw Eclipse ... I know .... 
Then ... there are other times , when stuff just goes really right . 
Ok .... look . Hillbillies , Rednecks , Tractor Jockeys ... Amorous Sheep herders .... whatever else you people call yourselves .... We're all really happy you came out ... now please , go back .... and for the love of God , shut up . You're about as special as toasted oats . 
... and that ain't this , and this ain't that .... Bitch I'm strapped . 
Always been handsome , but I never had none . 
I'm so emotional , I hug the streets . I'm so emotional , I love my Glock . 
Damn alarms and them not going off like they are supposed to ... 
Am I more than you bargained for , yet , I've been dying to tell you , everything you wanna hear , cuz that's just who I am this week . 
I don't blame you , for being you , but you can't blame me , for hating it . 
I'm what is referred to in the vernacular as \Old School . \"" 
Just call my name , you'll be okay . Your scream is clawing through my veins ... 
Behind every great man , is a woman rolling her eyes . 
Well then , I guess I'm just a loose canon . 
Give your soul to me , for eternity . Release your lies , and begin another life in turn .. 
The highway's jammed with broken heroes , on a last < PROPMALE > power drive ... 
I'm your man . Jesus Christ couldn't touch you , because I represent you . So play by the rules ... 
Ok , Inception ... I didn't want to like you ... and I ALMOST did .... but you just HAD to fuck with me huh ? Cunt . 
Last time I checked , I was the man on these streets .... 
\That's your problem 
Like a person needs a soul , like the winter needs the cold . Like a baby needs to cry , if you go I swear I'll die . 
I need a break . 
\Which guy ? \ " \ 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Rockwell & < PROPMALE > X .... oh the ways I fill my free time ... 
I have found , some kind of temporary sanity in this ... cynicism and apathy that's been lent to me . 
Mmmm .... Creatine + New Strength Regimen = I get to be puffy ...... wheeee . 
New baseline for lifts 1 Rep < PROPMALE>'s ( Pre Regimen ): Bench Press 265lbs , Squat 325lbs , Deadlift 375lbs , Overhead Press 170lbs . Crossfit total : 870lbs . Grand Total : 1110lbs . 
It's official . I know I don't know when to shut up . 
Arson . 
I've got 99 problems , and a bitch is about .... 95 of them . 
Let's see how hard it'll be to separate the man from the myth ... 
Communist Rice Mixers . 
You don't wanna be trapped inside with me , sunshine . Inside I'm the person NOBODY wants to fuck with . 
Pouring AMP into a glass makes it much less appealing ... as it looks like nuclear bi-product . 
... when they know they are your heart , and you know they are your armor , and you would destroy anyone who would try to harm her ... 
Crossfit ... you are a cruel mistress . 
I feel like I'm turning myself inside out . I gotta get back .... 
From now on , this can never be the same as before , because the place that I'm from doesn't exist anymore . 
Let me talk to ' em ... 
I'm pretty sure I saw my future wife waiting at a bus stop yesterday ... but I was too chicken to go talk to her ... sadface . 
Out of reflex I told someone I like my sauce like I like my women , sweet and spicy . The Sweet Chili Sauce , that was the < PROPMALE > of the conversation , provided this revelation for me . Thanks God . 
Her ? I can forgive her . But you and I ? We will forever be enemies . 
You shouldn't throw stones if you live in a glasshouse ; and if you've got a glass jaw .... you should watch your mouth . 
Fun tonight ... Crossfit in the morning ? Prolly not so fun . 
... and then , blow off your alarm because your head hurts . 
Don't blame me for things you do with me . Shit happens when you party naked . This is not a drill . 
I must speak Chinese , because no one can understand me . 
When my fumbling breaks you should , I thank your dad for the damaged goods ? 
... cuz you make me feel , like a dog , you can see my emotion . 
Top Ten Mall Ninja Weapons :\ 
http://www.cracked.com/funny-2939-top-10-mall-ninja-guns/ 
Today has been a complete wash . < PROPFEMALE > was the high point ... it was ALL downhill from there . 
A sigh and ruffling as canvas washes across itself . Wind abandoning a sail , like you , my muse , have abandoned my spirit . 
Women + Integrity = ? 
You might say that I'm the last man standing now , though you try you'll never find a way to break me .... 
Fear the storms predicted by the tarot . Pray ... for the rains ... 
I feel like when I bend over backwards for you it isn't good enough , all you do is laugh . It isn't good enough , all you do is laugh . You expect me to fold myself in half , til I snap . 
So , my wisdom teeth are erupting ... er they have been , but just now they are starting to really bug me . The VA hooked it up with some ' biotics and painkillers , but I still wonder if I'm being a pussy . Shit hurts . I don't wanna get out of bed . Thoughts ? 
Can anybody hear me ? I guess I'm just talking to myself ... I guess I'm the one that's crazy . 
This week has been a total loss . Mentally , physically , and emotionally . Here's to hoping the light at the end of tunnel comes back on . 
Just gonna stand there and watch me die ? That's alright , because I like the way you lie . 
Walking down the only road I've ever known .... ONWARD to Perdition ! 
Thanks for nothing , absolutely nothing . Thanks for all the Bullshit too . 
I only got four bullets . 
I'm afraid that bitch dependency is no laughing matter . Addiction to a bitch can fuck with friends , your health , and scary enough ; even your money . 
... until I'm talking to myself at night because I can't forget . 
In the back of my mind I can ; barely even remember when ; there was nothing left to hide , and she had found a way inside . 
Fingertips with memories that can't forget the curves of your body ... and when I feel a bit naughty , I run up the flagpole to see ... 
I think it's time we amputate . 
Scorched Earth . Day one . 
Now first of all I'm a boss . I just wanna get that across . Even dentist hates when I floss . 
That's the reason why my car is full of broken bottles , and my night stands , are full of open Bibles .... 
Yeah my life's a bitch , but you know nothing about her .... 
Take any life . Fight any foe . Suffer any insult . Sustain any injury . F.L.O.W. 
I'm a ssssssssuper < PROPFEMALE > , girl . I'm ready for ya mama .... 
Be good or be good at it . F.L.O.W. 
... and take away their freedom like you did to me . Treat like you don't need ' em and they aren't worthy of you . Feed ' em the same shit that you made me eat . I'm moving on , forget you ... 
Cuz you ain't never met nobody like me ... 
Mad love to all my loyal friends . New and Old . 
... and if I stare too long , I'll probably break down and cry ... 
I'm dreaming of a whiiiiiiiite Gsxr ..... 
misses someone , far more than he probably should . 
Finally separate me , from this Demon of mine .... 
I need a runnin ' dog ... 
The lies that bind . 
Really ? I have to have IE to do my CIS homework ? Do I have to contract HIV to do my Biology ? 
Burn it down . 
Well < PROPMALE > pulls through again . Cleared a bunch of hurdles within a two hour period . A testament to my luck I suppose . Now I just need to quit playing games with my microbiology HW . It is not amused . 
When you're so good you can't say it , because it isn't even cool for you to sound cocky anymore . 
If you can't tell that I'm tryin by now .... I'll just fold this hand . 
If you don't know that I lay it down no matter what ... just say you don't know me . 
Too many mind . 
Reverse < PROPFEMALE > . Give it a try . 
Pass it on : Facebook just published your private cell # . Go to top right of your screen , click Account , then Edit Friends . Go to left side of your screen and click Phonebook . Everyone's phone < PROPFIRST > are now being published . Please repost to let friends know this is happening so they can adjust their privacy settings . ( Privacy Settings , Phone , Customize , Only Me ) 
I cannot help but feel dark , moody , and quite a bit hostile . 
Is wanking to UFC with someone , \ 
so I\m gonna say Hey all . \ 
New week . Same goals , new determination . 
Hypocrite , Lunatic , Fanatic , Heretic . 
I keep having dreams about killing gang members , running from the cops , and bears , all while somehow helping people who don't even know me . Special thanks to my AK for being so awesome ... even in dreams . 
Thou shalt not covet thy neighbor's WHAT ? ... naw ... I'll pretend I didn't read that . 
It's that point where you dread reality , and the dream world doesn't want you to come visit anymore . 
If you give me what I need , I'll make you a goddess . You could be the only woman in the world .... but if that stops ... your kingdom will crumble and your crown tarnish . I can't help it . This is how it is . 
... and I want a Yellow Wolf IPA , and I want a Stanich Burger , and I want a chocolate bar .... AND I'LL GET NOTHING AND LIKE IT ! 
... it's like a book elegantly bound but ... in a language that you can't read . 
Dear Homework , \ 
Fuck you . 
You learn to serve women because you want to reciprocate the value they are always adding to your life . If women didn't exist on the planet , men would actually be totally loveless killers . This placewould be a living hell . - < PROPFEMALE > Hemon 
Loyalty is the willing and practical and thoroughgoing devotion of a person to a cause . The cause has to be an objective one . It cannot be one's personal self . It is something external to oneself that one looks outward to the world to find , and that cannot be found within . It concerns not one's own person , but other people . The devotion is active , a surrendering of one's self-will to the cause , that one loves . 
.... then there are other times when you're just like : \You know what ? Fuck it . \"" 
So ... would it get the point across better , if I drug a splitting maul behind me everywhere I go ; that I'm not the one to fuck with ? 
If we could .... um ... not ? Yeah . That'd be great . 
I think it'd be really awesome , if all my ex girlfriends would stay the hell out of my dreams . I'm really not down with waking up feeling like I should repair burnt bridges . We set them aflame for a reason . 
Dear Pop Culture , \ 
You lack substance . \ 
Sincerely , \ 
< PROPMALE > 
Well it's been a chaotic week . \ 
Time to get back on the clock . \ 
Back into the mindset . 
The crazy thing ... is that every rung on this ladder gives me a new height to spit onto the faces of those who said I'd never climb . 
Hey .... Shut up . 
I'll go out with my fighting name .... 
CRAP . It's all crap . 
... all I got to say is : Get back ! Click-Clack . POW ! 
To those who would rather talk than act , manipulate than contribute , and capitalize rather than assist . \ 
You have no place in my life . \ 
I'm seeking to sever ties . 
Motivated by love , enabled by hatred . 
COWS ! COWS ! COWS ! 
Dress with a Slickness , Strike with a Swiftness , Hold my lip with a Stiffness . \ 
Bwhahahahaha ! 
Flee and submit just don't occur to me ... 
Smart enough to play with fire . 
What're you gonna do when the sky turns red ? \ 
Waiting for a sun that never sets ? \ 
Take my hand . 
SMB . 
Christmas < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , dinner , and probably much sleep . \ 
Hail to the Sun God . \ 
All praise to the Age of Pisces . \ 
\ 
Humbled by the Age of Aquarius ! 
... don't wanna be part of this eternal darkness . I've had enough . Sick and tired . 
CRY SOME MORE !!!!!!!!!!! 
Why am I like this ? Why is winter cold ? 
It may not mean nothing to y'all , but understand nothing was done for me ... 
That's what the fuck I thought . 
Well .... guess it's time for another scorched earth campaign . Thanks God . 
Get up . Gear up . Get back in there . 
.... any time now .... 
Triple Canopy as a EMT-I ? Could be fun . 
I will not fall , I will not fake , I will take your breath away . I'll survive , paranoid . I have lost the will to change .... 
Well ... I can no longer say I am anything approaching a supporter of the Zeitgeist movement . Your platform is childish . Your points , fallacious . All in all my synopsis of the new movie : Cool Idea , STUPID STUPID STUPID , Cool Idea , Joke about Republicans , STUPID , BAD THINGS ARE COMING , STUPID . \ 
So yeah ... don't waste your time . 
Maybe I'm a different breed ... 
Blame it on my own sick pride ... 
... even if saving you sends me to heaven ... 
Coffee was a bad plan ... 
Commie class day . 
Last day of Discipline lapse ... rearm , reboot . 
\Fulfillment in life is loving a good woman and killing a bad man . \ " -Heinlein " 
If you're not running with me , run from me .... 
... for the blood of the enemy remains unshed by my hand . A guilt that tightens itself around me like a noose ... the shame of it ... the utter loneliness off the impostor ... a wolf made to act like a sheep . 
I hope you're hell proof .... you're gonna wish you were . 
Fuck Everything . 
You can never have what you want if you stray from the tenants of Tenacity , Brutality , Secrecy , and Discipline . 
A wolf in sheep's clothing , the ultimate disgrace . 
Question : Would you rather be given a < PROPMALE > to prove your worth ? Or would you rather be denied because of your sex ? 
Can't stop , Won't stop . 
Fire cleanses all . 
Feel no remorse .... no sense of shame ... Time's gonna wash way all the pain ... 
Ahh drill weekend . \ 
Darling ? Please bring the toaster in to the bathroom . \ 
I feel like taking a loooong bath . 
I ate rainbow food today . 
Hooked on your Hypercaine feelin ' . 
Fell off a bit this weekend . Time to get back on it . 
WHAT THE FUCK IS GOING ON ?!! 
Having friends get arrested makes Finals nigh impossible . 
BEARS DON'T WEAR PANTS ! 
Strong People are Harder to Kill . \ 
Anything , Anywhere , Anytime , Bar nothing . 
Hipsters get out . 
Libya !!!! Get raped . 
E.A. 
< PROPFEMALE > .... I hate you . 
Weird head space tonight ..... 
Brick by brick .... 
AndroLean , Creatine , < PROPMALE > Absorbed Protein ..... Step by step . 
