waking up at 4am for the big move OMG i have to drive in the fog ... and not just regular fog SEVERE valley fog haha .... On a lighter note i had an awesome time with my entire family today at the snow ... fish tailed it into the embankment pretty fun ... gotta test out the four wheel drive ( sweet ) ... ok goin to bed ... i will repost after the damn 4 hour drive whooooo NOT 

this facebook shit is confusing 
I freakin love this weather puts me in the best of moods 
ONE final down 3 more to go 
Finished my psych final and then my teacher gave me some words of encouragement which really meant alot cuz this lady is not that nice ... so yeah i feel pretty good haha 
uno mas finlales ... yo tengo hambre y aborrido lol 
SEMESTER IS DONE FOR ME so , so far A in Earth Science ... going to UC < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > tommrow .... yay for the super long super boring care ride 
gettin another car on friday its sweeeet 
In < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > staying at my < PROPMALE > , lawyer , uncles house and im freakin freezing ... though the rain is awesome 
Damn ive been assigned a double appartment .... this guy better not < PROPFIRST > my stuff haha ... im officially registered for two classes and gonna try and crash some other ones .... and only 21 more days left until im outta here 
Well I was hoping for 4 A's and a B but i guess 3 A's and 2 B's is good too .... only Diecesiete mas dias ... im gettin anxious 
just had awesome time con mi familia .... oh and since i got the wold college thing to go to ... i have a 6moth old chinese water dragon for sale with a 60gal tank and the accessories for 75$obo .. which i paid like 230 for all of it 
playing some call of duty mw 2 online with my cousin .... tryin to pack only the essentials for the big move in 7days ( destroying my room in the process ) ... hopin to get the mess under control 
cant wait for the snow day with the whole family on saturday .... im , as i told my cousin , \so school girl excited OMG\ " Lmao seriously should be super awesome " 
Ok I can guarntee im the only one who doesn't drink and is at home reading a book in the living room while my mom sits next to me nitting a blanket and watching the create channel on ppbs ... but the kicker is that I wouldn't want it any other way ... Haha im so lame 
gonna go buy my books right now ... then my parking pass ... then an ethernet cord ... then a laundry basket ... then shoot myself lol 
just got done working out at the pool ... wow eating 4 slices of pizza and chicken nuggets and fries is not a good idea ... and i guess sprinting and trying to go as fast as i did in high school probably didnt help .... gotta get some water to wash out the throw up taste lol 
Ive never had so much reading in my entire life 300+ per week not to mention most of it is soooo boring .... i just wanna go home already ... i miss my mommy ... will this god damn week ever end ... goin to bed later 
wow just read like 100pgs of commonsense justice and the inventions of the united states senate and guess what ? IM STILL NOT DONE ? W/E im going to bed anyway ... oh and i threw up again today after swimming ... i definitely need a proper workout 
wow ive gotten absolutely none of the 80pgs or so that was supposed to be done today read LOL FML thats all i gotta say ... F ... M ... L 
i have 69 friends ... haha just thought id point that out 
So i just got done watching The Book of Eli ... so heres what i think : Awesome acting ( Denzel is always good of course ) ... visual effect were really cool along with the special effects ... But heres the catch ... there was way too much religious bull but into the story which really brought it down form me .... still good but im iffy about recommending it ... so this ones gotta be a \Watch at ur own risk\ " type movie " 
went swimming again today ... and just when i thought i was doing good i throw up again ... what the heck ... i mean it didnt help that i just ate breakfast but still ... so now my record is 3/5 lol ... oh and i finished my big essay ... so now i just have a short 1 1/2er 
Ok so i just watched Obamas state of the union address ... and it was so good ... he said exactly what i was thinking ... especially when he said that americans are fed up with the stupid partisan name calling and finger pointing ... and i thought it was so funny when he called out the supreme court justices who were sitting right in front of him for undoing the law against campaign funding from big business ... MUST WATCH IT 
So ive done absolutely no hmwk this weekend ... but i did watch a lot of movies .... ok so District 9 was so awesome .... Amelia was really good to even though u already know the ending .... < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > was funny ... and i also saw Lovely Bones which was sad .... and I saw Daybreakers which was also a really cool movie ... all worth watching in my opinion , but especially District 9 ... yeah its sci fi but its not what u think 
LOST !!!!! AAAHHHH !!!! TONIGHT AT 8 OMG hahaha ... i mean what ?... of course i dont own every season ... and could probably name every character lol 
DAMN !!!... i have 200pgs left in the book i was supposed to have finished by today ... I just got the topics for my 5pg paper due next week ... i have my genetics midterm on friday that i havent started studying for ... not to mention the million pages of reading and 1-2 pg summaries that are due tues .... YUP FML 
First party since i got here .... long weekend ... and im SO tired ... and now to write another 4 pages for my essay ... plz shoot me 
1pg to go on the essay due tomorrow ... and i think im gonna double < PROPMALE > in Psych and Anthro cuz im pretty much done with the lower division for both anyways sooo eh might as well 
WooHooo i was admitted into the psych major ... my life is complete lol ... oh im watching this movie called Creation ... its about < PROPMALE>'s life and how it was so hard for him to write his book because he knew what the implications were ... its actually really sad ... must see for everyone religious or otherwise 
AHHH im going home and could not be happier ... getta see my momma 
Back to this hell hole ... already miss home and this weekend was awesome ... tired and i have so much work to do 
Psych and Law midterm ... hopefully its gonna be as easy as i think it is 
wants to go see shutter island ... anyone wanna go with ?.. just text me ( 559 ) 719-7999 
so i got a B on the midterm i thought i failed ... and a 95/100 on my psych and law essay ... im not sure this day could be any better ... AHHH ive never got an A in my life ... and now i get one on an upper div psych corse which however determines whether or not i stay in the major ... this must be what ...?... oh wait ive always been the poor dumb kid ... so kudos to me haha 
its always awkward when a naked old guy takes the shower next to urs and then begins to talk about how cool ur tattoo is and whether or not it hurt ... then follows u to where ur changing an continues to talk about u LMAO 
NOOOOOOO those dang Canadians lol .... does this mean we're not the greatest country anymore ?... lol wait wait what am i saying of corse we are 
blah blah blah i really dont wanna write these damn essays ... 16pgs worth of bs here i go ... wait gotta shower first 
So i picked up two chicks while driving from taco bell ... and at the time i way playing some really soft music and it was dark and my windows were tinted and i was by myself ... even i thought i was a creeper lol ... but they were cool ..... OH and i Just finished my 5pg paper in 3 1/2 hours now i only have a pg and 1/2 on my 3pg one dang im on a rool 
Ive had a complete mental revelation today in my psych & law lecture to where my eyes were tearing up ... like it was the most powerful lec ive ever had ... and so i no longer believe in the death penalty .... like this professor is so amazing everyone in the entire class ( 200+) started clapping when he was finished ... it was really that powerful ... hoping every psych class will be like this 
so I saw < PROPFEMALE > and Wonderland annnnd ..... I personally thought it was really good lol ... but i wouldn't recommend it if ur not into weird ... definitely not what I would consider disney 
just finished my 8pg poli sci final in 6 hours ... now im a little bit tired 
30pgs of essays , 12 books to read , 3 awesome classes and a partridge in a pear tree .... LMAO .... well psych final tomorrow then im heading home ... AH i cant wait ... this UC thing isnt all that its hyped up to be ... the work here isnt any harder than at a jr. college u just learn the same stuff faster i guess 
YAY another 3months of hell ... but im happy to learn that i got a C+ , C , and a B+ = 2.53 < PROPFEMALE > i guess its not that bad ... gonna take a shower and eat some junk food the pass out 
had to move out today out of my apartment because of all the mold and mushrooms growing behind my tv haha ... but this new single room is pretty sweet ... my 42 is now at the end of my bed soooo ff all weekend here i come 
OMG im watching these Tea Party speakers and wow they are crazy ... they keep saying stuff about how god is against socialism ... i swear they are one step away from the phelps family ... not to mention they are all white people who no nothing about true injustice ... like its one thing to voice ur opposition for this country or its politics but ranting on about how Obama is a terrorist is just ridiculous 
WOW alright well they just had some band ppl start to play some song about needing a bail out and a hand out and it just made me think of how it might have been nice to get a bail out when my family was living out of tents and my mom was still working her ass off ... and then they had a nerve to quote the bible saying good things come to those who work for it .... GIVE ME A BREAK ... alright thats my opinion of the day 
Hey everyone im gonna drive to the beach tomorrow for about 1-2 hours probably around 2ish ... text me if anyone wants to go ( 559 ) 719-7999 
Just spent an awesome 3 hours at the beach ... and some chick named < PROPFEMALE > asked me if i could help her prevent sun cancer by giving her a rub down with sun block ... and apparently i didnt get the lower back well enough so i had to do it again ; ) ... and the water was actually nice ... i think warmer than Pismo 
I just found out i have to write a damn 6-8 < PROPFEMALE > paper on RAPE PREVENTION before i can register for classes .... not to mention i have to read a million things in order to answer the question ... its like HELLO u idiots im a psych < PROPMALE > there is nothing in here that i dont already know AHHHH ... i mean i have nothing against rape victims but now im not gonna get the classes i need for the summer if i dont do this BS 
woohoo my parents came up to visit me then we went out to dinner and then they put gas in my car ... and now the beach with them tomorrow ... I still have two papers to write but i dont feel worried about it anymore ... gotta love family 
one current event article summary and one 5pg essay here i come ... wont be going to bed tonight or for the rest of the day until about 10 tomorrow night 
3pgs done in 3 hours ??!!! FML lack of sleep really slows down coherent sentence structure though and omg i just spelt coherent right without using spell check wooo hoo 
Its just my luck that I find college to be relatively easy and that when im only a year away from graduating i get screwed over due to money .... im in that \Can I just get one break ? just one for once instead of always having to struggle\ " ... gotta love life and this wonderful country " 
HAHA oh man < PROPFEMALE > White was SOOO funny on saturday night live ... must watch ... and shes 88 ! and she is still awesome 
woo hoo going to a FBI recruitment meeting right now ... so stoked 
woo hoo going home tomorrow and then gonna hopefully work and make some money while im there ... need the car smogged and aligned maybe finish an essay or two 
YES !!!! got a 87% on my latin american studies midterm with only about 5min studying before we took it ... and since i didnt know it was open notes like those other dumb kids i think i did pretty well haha ... its just a shame i continue to be rewarded for my bad study habbits 
Back in sc AKA hell on earth ... now for a shower then essay essay essay food then more essay 
was up until 5am yesterday working on 1 essay yesterday ... now i have 2 for tonight ... Yeah sleep is overrated anyway 
thinks < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > is the coolest housemate ever 
yay no more psych classes for next fall , but who the f**k cares because i still havent finished the rape paper aka still a hold on my record .. so 30k a yr and zero classes i can get into that are needed ... 3 quarters per yr .. so if that C in pre-cal did anything for me im gonna pay 10k for the fall ... FOR ABSOLUTELY NOTHING .. but y does any of that matter when i dont have the money to pay for that either so YAY for that 
Well like always things end up working out ... one more paper due in the morning and then ill be on the home stretch ... cant feel sorry for myself for more than a day before i get on my own nerves lol 
AAAAHHHHH LOST IS ABOUT TO END ..... NOOOOOOOO lol ... ill be lost without LOST haha 
So ive realized that psych and law part A & B have completely corrupted me . I got all teary eyed in class monday night during a video we watched of this 14yr old boy who helped his fathers gay lover kill his dad .. and the sad part was that he was only angry at his dad but this sick man coerced him into helping him .. and when the guy began stabbing his dad the kid jumped in the way cuz he really didnt want his dad dead 
HAHA love getting 53%'s on papers and know ur still getting a B in the class ... I dont know what all these college kids are stressing about ... I just do what I have to just to pass ... its kinda a family modo lol 
WOW how gracious of UCI to not only keep my non refundable deposit of 500$ but allow me to get out of the Cambridge fees with only an additional 500$ fee ... So now im paying 1000$ for absolutely nothing ... but in the email they made it very clear that they were doing me a RARE favor .... LUCKY ME .. and im only mad cuz they made it sound like they were doing me some extravagant favor .. GOD I HATE SCHOOL 
OMG 2 paragraphs left and im SO tired but id still rather procrastinate then just get it done ... how lame is that 
LAST final tomorrow then i get to go home YEEEA YA 
just got done playing tetris with all my crap ... going home tomorrow probably wont have internet until i start paying for it again fml ... but ill be home and definitely gonna hit the river like no other this summer ... the beach is definitely over rated haha 
Back in the ville ... and already working ... YAY 
Whoo hooo ... 11 books and i read two and i still pulled off 2 B's and one B+ and almost no studying lol ... though i did pull some all night paper writing so i gotta give myself credit for that .. now at a 3.08 ... havent had that since HS 
watching season 1 of Tru Blood for the second time with the cousins and it is way dirtier than i remember buts still good ... and season 2 was awesome too 
ok so u know when u stick a piece of cold ice to ur skin it sometimes sticks ?... well i just had that x10 ... i went to bite into a pice of ice that i just got out of the freezer and it got stuck ... and so like any other lazy person i just pulled it off ... well this damn ice was so cold i didnt notice that it took off enough skin to make me bleed all over my cup haha 
just got back from wild waters with the cousins ... SO much fun ... and im so wiped out ... gonna try and sleep early tonight so work in the morning wont be as bad ... and i got paid today ... what can i blow it on this week 
alright so ill just come out and say it ... the movie Inception : is probably the best movie ive ever seen ... and if u know me u know i dont say that lightly ... ive seen thousands of movies and own tons ... im a huge movie buff but seriously this movie deserves a 11/10 me and my cousin both were literally speechless ... and if u know him then u know thats something lol ... seriously worth every < PROPFEMALE > and then some ... must see 
just installed a new stereo system in my truck all by myself ( and a my mom helped some too ) ... now its so loud and clear ... so happy lol 
finally got a day off ... gonna hit the river with the buddies on wed ... and im pretty stoked 
awesome day at the river though now im exhausted ... waking up for work in the morning is definitely gonna suck 
Awesome family reunion today had a great time seeing all the cousins and aunts ... so tired after all the foot ball , Frisbee , and a whole lot of 3 flags up in the pool ... cant wait for the next one 
just got off work .... and ive made 700 in just 6days but i feel like im going crazy when i havent had a single day off since i moved back jun 16th .... i mean 1600 in two weeks is damn good money but NOT A SINGLE DAY OFF 10+ almost everyday !!! FML 
108 hrs in two weeks ... too bad i dont have a life to spend it on 
driving my cousins to pismo to camp out on the beach ... first time going with the family without the parents 
13 hrs today and 17 1/2 tomorrow ... this is gonna blow ... though 400$ in two days isnt to bad 
ok so my step dad showed me this cool new pocket knife and its one that flips open when u push on this little lever and of corse he showed me how to open it then handed it over to me to look at ( i love knives ) ... and so apparently i wasnt exactly holding it right and so when i pushed the lever it flipped opened so fast that i dropped it 
man the new lady at the blood center just nags ... its like hello lady ive been coming here for 4 yrs since my < PROPMALE > yr in HS i think i know what the educational materials are ... and if i didnt feel fine dont u think i would tell u 
had an awesome weekend now back to hell and reality that is my job lol 
note to self ... eat food while naked cuz u CANNOT eat without getting food our yourself lol 
is finding women's tennis to be very entertaining right now ... and i never realized how much skill it must take ... not to mention they are always so hot haha 
alright so i just had my cousin water-board me and here are my thoughts ... it is an awesome way to torture someone ... but there is no way in hell i would use it to elicit information from someone ... read more to see y 
going to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > tomorrow to look at apartments ... yeah looks like im going back after all ... so woo hoo to being a senior psych and anthro major ... though the works gonna blow 
just made it to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > and back in 10 hrs and i got the place i wanted ... 2 blocks from the beach and 5min drive to campus ... moving in next sat kinda nervous/ excited oh and i just bought a papasan COUCH from pier 1 its pretty sweet not gonna lie 
made almost 1,800 in two weeks but of corse taxes take about 300 of it haha ... just bought a mini fridge for my place ... its pretty nice 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > tomorrow and i just start packing now ?... im so tired but i guess i can sleep on the way there ... oh wait im driving ... this is not good 
went into the community market today and had no clue what to expect ... EVERYTHING was organic ... and though id kill to get organic pears ... im a poor kid from the valley and cant afford a small bag of black sugar for $8 haha ... now i know y my town has so many fast food chains ... cuz real good aint cheap 
Eight books this quarter , one of which was supposed to be finished yesterday which was barely my second day of class ... about a million pages of articles to read and at least forty pages of essays to write ... and I thought this quarter was gonna be easy ... oh and it's 99 outside and of corse my classes are on the highest hills on this damn mountain 
just ate about 15 pieces of \fun sized\ " candy ... not feelin very fun at the moment ... totally just erased my hour long swim workout today in less that 10 < PROPFEMALE > " 
so my mind has a problem with health ... last night i ate a salad and a fruit salad for dinner ... and then i ate half a loaf of this bread that is smothered in cheese and jalapenos and 5 butter fingers and 1 baby ruth ... AND I WASNT EVEN HURGRY after the salads lol 
A on my first psych paper and I basically cut and pasted from some of my other work ... so I should get a cookie for just doing the bare minimum and still passing 
loves having interesting conversations in section ... Todays topic : Fat Porn lol you can imagine 
So does anyone know where i can watch the first season of Smallville online for free ? 
So my new best friend is Pandora radio app ... and Pandora in general so nice to listen to good music while studying ...... when i typed in a song i was like \hey i love this song\ " then when the next one came on im like \ " HEY I LOVE this song tooo\ " and u can just imagine the next lol " 
Forgot I bad my midterm today since I missed my last class ... this is not gonna be good 
so i go for my daily workout swim just to find that when i get out my towel has been jacked ... and i know it was someone on the swim team cuz they were the only ones in their ... and if i find out who some skinny ass is gonna be kicked ... it was my favorite towel WTF !... gay panzy ass swimmers 
hey everyone add me on skype im bored and if u know me lets catch up if not lets chat-poloman1234 
oh do i hate analytic essays with a passion you cant just BS ur way through them without providing quotes and stuff sounding remotely intelligent ... only 1 more < PROPFEMALE > to go though but still have to be up in 7hrs 3min and 34 .... 33 .... 32 ... secs lol 
once again im bored with nothing to do 
alright so the mysterious towel bandit has been revealed .... and no i didnt just misplace it ... apparently the assistant swim coach at UCSC likes to steal towels ... and no there is no way it is just a look alike towel cuz my towel had writing on it that makes it easy to identify ... once again whos steal towels especially if u dont even know who they belong to gross . #operation steal back has commenced 
why is there nothing to do and nothing on tv ... im so bored 
oh i have answered the Call of Duty ... add me poloman123 for the PS3 
Inappropriate joke of the day : \Why don't witches wear panties ?.... So they can grip the broom better\ " ( The Office ) lmao " 
gonna go see \its kind of a funny story\ " by myself ... i know lame lol but it looks so good and i get to write a paper on in " 
alright so im going home on wednesday and staying until sunday ... and ill have NOTHING to do ... anyone wanna go get some lunch ?... my treat 
oh Taco < PROPFEMALE > how I love and hate you ... im done eating and super bored and am certainly not gonna start that hmwk 
Ok so i just realized that i REALLY wanna learn how to play the piano ... well i did just realize but im in the position to learn ... and id be willing to pay good money even if ur not that great 
I swear if I hear one more person mention basball or the giants someone is gonna get shot ... no one really cares what u think of the game ... so enough already 
driving home tonight will be in the ville by midnight ... gonna surprise my cousin and show up to the MHS vs . PHS varsity polo game tomorrow ... though im gonna wear the orange and green to represent my former team even though they are probably gonna get their asses kicked haha ... dumb cousin didnt wanna play for my team 
Just got done donating blood and getting my hair cut ... now to convince my mom to go to lunch with me ... then shower and get ready for the Polo game 
Man i forget how nice it is to just be at home sitting on the couch watching a movie at 1150 at night .. any takers for lunch tomorrow ? My treat 
One of the best weekends I've had in a really long time ... leaving in a few hours back to UCSC for class bright and early tomorrow and I still gotta finish that essay that I promised myself id do if I came home early this weekend lol 
alright so i just got a new hp printer because i thought the scanner on my old one didnt work , but come to find out this new one doesnt either so needless to say ive realized im obviously doing something wrong so if anyone knows anything about scanning from and hp printer/scanner to a < PROPMALE > can you PLEASE text , call , or skype me #5597197999 or poloman1234 
So there is a position for : Volunteer for Chimpanzee Post-release Monitoring ... and its program called HELP-Congo ran by some French anthropologist in which I would go to the Congo to track Chimpanzees that have been released back into the wild , and the place I would be staying at is deep in the jungle only accessible by boat called \The Triangle\ " . I'm not gonna lie ive never been more excited about something in my life " 
UGH i HATE school work ... I HATE that im such a good procrastinator ... and the people who came up with morning classes and the essay ... yes i HATE u too because u obviously hate me 
Just finished eating waffeles and watching < PROPMALE > with < PROPMALE > Beatty in SLO 
why does finding a fitting grad school have to be so hard ... im thinking PhD . in psychology , emphasizing in animal behavior and in particular how stress effects primate behavior .... though i dont think the FBI is looking for this ... decisions decisions 
for some reason I am watching the LOTR series when i have a midterm tomorrow ... the two towers is by far my favorite though they are all super awesome #im such a nerd 
So i took my last midterm for my psych class today with only taking the 5min before the exam started to look over my notes ... and once again ill be surprised if i got anything less than a B ... studying for me is overrated ... paying attention in class PRICELESS ... also got a 98/100 on the essay i totally thought i failed ... if i keep getting rewarded for my bad habits sooner or later its gonna come around and bit me lol 
I like how everday it is a new challenge to remember where I parked my car 
ok so the following is some \rational\ " that was used by the opposition in the california supreme court case banning same sex marriage ... someone plz explain to me how any of the \ " rational\ " put forth is even remotely logical ? id like to add that i did not alter any of these in anyway ... i have to read the case and testimony for tomorrow anthro class so im just copying and pasting . " 
out of the 9pts i need to cover in my essay ive only done 2 and its taken me two hours ... only 9 more pages to go , though for once i actually feel like im learning as i write it #Hey teacher making me actually learn is so uncool . Cant you just do what the rest do ? 
Locked my keys in my car up on campus so i had to ride the bus home like a normal kid 
i love how my house mate has the heater programed to turn on 10min before he gets home so the house is nice and toasty while throughout the rest of the day i can see my breath while in the house 
So I got all my Congo paper work today ... looks like ill be leaving next month for 6months ... AAAAHHHHHH ... ok seriously i kinda freakin out though super excited ... now to go to the school and see if i can get credit for this excursion . 
back to the ville tomorrow , nothing to do and the drive sucks ... JOY 
Back home with absolutely nothing to do ... anyone wanna grab something to eat ? 
In my 4 yr aniversery ortho appointment ... I better have the straightest teeth ever when they are done 
woke up at 645 do go skiing with @mikey < PROPMALE > and i put it in 4wd and plowed through the snow ... it was 17 degrees and completely witted out ... got back 630 only to take a shower and leave by 730 to sc ... my 4hr and 15min dr just took me 3 1/2 hrs .... SOOOO tired 
ugh only 4 more pages and i just cant bring myself to write them ... i love to learn i just hate doing work 
just finished my 10pg paper with 15min to spare .. talk about cutting it close lol ... my teacher informed us that if we waited to the last night to start WE WOULD NOT PASS , she said that she did not mean to scare us it was just a fact #we shall see ... i mean its me ? 
watching a super nerdy cartoon with british voicing and eating mini chocolate covered doughnuts .... so exciting 
Ok so everyone is having cool storms with lots of rain , crazy wind , and power outages and im stuck with drizzle ... this is SOOOO lame 
Drinking chocolate milk and eating chocolate pudding is the highlight of my night ... some say sad ... i say hell yeeeah 
My < PROPFEMALE > said my paper \reads like Nuclear Fallout\ " ok so im just gonna assume thats a bad thing ? lmao ... He gave me a 98 on the last paper ... i think as my sister Ally Whiteman would say \ " who pissed in his wheetes\ " lol " 
16mile/6hr hike in the rain yesterday is really taking its toll on my body today and i have blister on the backs of my heels from these stupid sandals 
Only been home for less than a day and im alread bored ... anyone up for roller blading ? I know its lame but I just love it 
Getting ready to go horse back ridding with my momma and stepdad ... my mom tells me \now rememember to not put ur foot all the way in the stirup\ " me -\" MOM I used to heard cattle up in the mountains\ " mom -\" oh that's right\ " lol " 
So I got an A , B , and a C+ which is a 3.1 which is definitely good for someone < PROPMALE > me but im so angry because I've never received a C in any psych classes and it was probably the most all around best class I've ever had and the other two were unbelievably hard and I wrote so many damn essays and they are the ones I get the good grades in ? SOOO LAME 
Going to see the midnight showing of Tron tomorrow with my cousin and his friend ... should be exciting 
At crawdaddys getting my grove on Haha ... first time EVER dancing fast ... verdict : TOTAL FAIL ... like white boy can't dance ×10 ... but still fun 
Watched true grit last night and it was awesome ... watched tron last week anit was good to even if it was a little out there ... but the special effects , acting , and sound track made it worth it 
Going skiing and snowboarding at < PROPFEMALE > peak aka < PROPFEMALE > summit tomorrow with mikey duncan ... should be pretty awesome 
back in sc blah ... swimming tomorrow and buying books ... class on tuesday .. then back home thursday night to finally get these damn braces off friday ... HERE WE GO AGAIN 
6hrs of class with only 10min to RUN to the next ... only 9 books this quarter but im pretty sure ill have to read most of them which is NOT 
just when i think im doing good ... first day back and im already throwing up after swimming ... i mean come on body you have only been on vacation for 3 weeks ... i mean we are not going for a gold 
back to pville tonight and ive only been here for 4day UGH but i get my braces off which is good ... but then as soon as i get back to sc ill be here for two weeks then have to go back for the retainers ... then again for my bday ... i really hate driving 
Just watched The Black Swan and all I can say is AMAZING and creepy and natlie portman is one of the best actresses I've ever seen ... so good lol 
Tae Kwon Do this morning then swimming ( which i only dry heaved this time YAY for not eating lol ) been in the library for an hour and a half and finished a 3pg paper due tomorrow , now to read read ... and oh yes READ ... I should get a metal for actually being a students while in school 
felt that one ... crazy that they are happening on the Haiti aniversery 
This is something that everyone should read in light of the recent shootings ... Gun control or no gun control ... is it really a question ? 
Back to the porterville again in !!! apparently my impressions for my retainers didnt come out so now i get to make that 4hr trip again ... then HOPEFULLY they get it right and my retainers will be done two weeks after that , but ill still have to make the trip again ... oh geez FML 
well im leaving now ... 5hrs of sleep and a 4hr drive home ... this should be interesting ... stay off the roads everyone lol be back in the ville hopefully by midnight 
At < PROPFEMALE > garden with my mom and sister ... If I believed in heaven this would be it lol 
got my top braces off on friday after 4yrs 3months and too many days , < PROPMALE > out and nerded it out playing video games and talking all last night until 6am this morning ... back in sc all in all great weekend 
Just watched the State of the Union Address ... it was really good ( and good as in i liked the address not that the union is in good shape lol ) ... lets hope they follow through 
First time biting into a pear in over 4 1/4 years ... words cant describe the feeling lol 
Just got done swimming so now im feeling active ( rare)\ 
Gonna test out my new nike's with a run to the beach\ 
* starts to run the convinces oneself that running is dumb and walks the rest of the way*\ 
Then gonna read all about my good pal Freud while getting my tan on lol 
I think if I make it a life goal to die from a heart attack it will make me feel better about eating all the junk food that I do including this chocolate doughnut right now lol . 
So I made a comment awhile back about someone not wearing deodarant on the bus ... ok so just an update I met sir smellalot again after walking behind him and I kid you not I literally gagged ... which is rare if u know what I used to do for my previous job ... idk y im saying this but it was unlike anything I've smelt ... even worse than throw up and I hate that smell ... like whole trees died lol 
an hour and a half of tae kwon do this morning ... then went grocery shopping and bought healthy food ? ( i know right ? ) then ate , and now i just got back from swimming 2,600 yrds in 45min WTF ? and it took and 1 1/2hrs in hs ... poor coach < PROPFIRST > if he only knew how much I slacked haha 
So ive been watching movie trailers and here are some that are worth looking at and possibly watching : 
Just took the hardest midterm test that ill have all quarter and im a bit worried ... could probably go either way .... now sitting in class waiting for another midterm essay to be turned back hopefully its good news 
Just took my second midterm for my psychoanalysis class and for only studying for two hours this morning id say I did well or atleast I feel super confident ... driving home tonight for my bday though the only present I wanted was to get these damn braces off but looks like its not gonna come true 8'-( 
My mom bought a foot and full body message and now im sitting here waiting for it to happen im so scared lol 
thanks everyone for the bday wishes and sorry that i only responded with likes but if u know me u know that im lazy lol ... but seriously i do appreciate everyones comments 
so I am Number 4 was pretty awesome ... i was definitely shocked at how good it was and i definitely recommend seeing it rather that writing 5pg essays that are due lol 
\Those who make Peaceful Revolution impossible will make Violent Revolution inevitable \"- JFK " 
going home yet AGAIN tonight with another 3 1/2 hr drive in the rain ... If u read the news tomorrow and find out i shot someone its cuz they messed up on my bottom retainer and said another two weeks lol ... but yeah if anyone wants to < PROPFEMALE > out let me know cuz ill be there until saturday afternoon 
WHAT DO U FREAKIN KNOW ... get all the way to tulare for the millionth time and guess what ?... YUP they f**ked up again so YAY I get to come back in another two weeks ... but luckily I have an awesome orthodontist who said he would take off my bottoms and make me a temporary one until the other one comes in ... FML 
Who needs barking dogs to distract you while ur trying to read when u can live near the beach and having barking sea lions ... note to self : next time live further from beach 
\who put sand in her vagina\ " -House lmao " 
OMG XMEN first class and Sucker Punch ... i think im in love haha 
just spent 12hrs at school today ... when did i become this student ? 
8hrs to write a 7pg paper ... went to bed at 3am up by 8 in order to write another short 2pg paper ... can you say procrastination ... class all day then driving home once AGAIN to finally get my bottom retainer hit me up if anyone wants to hangout while im in town 
next stop porterville ... and the fact that i wait so long to make this 4hr drive is a mystery be there by midnight i think ... and everyone stay off the roads cuz i was up until 3am typing an essay and drive like speed limits dont exist lol 
12:51 at night and im bored out of my mind in a little place in the middle of no where called porterville ... surprise surprise ... Dennys anyone ? 
Have I not been nice to you Porterville ? Have I not expressed how I want to move back to you when I graduate ?.... and what do you do ? You allow some poor misguided person break into my truck and steal my things ... shame shame 
So it 430 in the morning and I just finished my 5pg essay and now I get to sleep for an hour and forty five minutes just to wake up by 615 so I can drive back to sc cuz the paper is due by noon ... can u say worst procrastination ever ? Oh fml 
So as most may know from my previous updates I had my truck broken into and the window smashed but i taped it , and that i also got a 1 1/2 hours of sleep , but to put a < PROPFEMALE > on top here is what happened today : 
just powered out my last final which took me 2hrs and 58min ... crazy lady said it would only take an hour ... and if i have to hear about the life history or reproductive success of one more prosimian some is gonna get a prosimian where the sun dont shine lol 
back to the porterville tonight for jury duty in the morning yay ... wont be getting in down until 1:30 am and jury duty at 8:30 am then to donate blood again ... and of course ill be bored so message me if anyone wants to do something 
Yay I didn't know today was \drive slow to piss off < PROPMALE > day\ " thank you CA cuz it seems like everyone decided to celebrate " 
Iphone 3gs ( 16GB ) for sale on ebay if anyone is interested its going for 249.99 
Sitting in a giant dance hall watching tons of ppl dance to music I don't understand but its great ... and SB is where the partys at lol 
Decisions Decisions : Do I participate in the graduation ceremony this quarter event though im not completely done yet or do I wait until next spring :( ? Do I do summer school and finish my degree in Psychology and just say screw anthropology even though i only need 4 more classes ? 
I wasnt sure it was possible but my school situation just got worse ... both senior sem classes for summer are full so now im totally screwed ... I AM NEVER GETTING OUT OF THIS DAMN SCHOOL 
Never been more happy to learn that my midterm paper is actually on 3-4pgs double spaced and not single ... i mean i still have to read 2more books to answer the question but with another 3-4pg midterms due next week in another class as well ill take what i can get YAY 
So I just talked to my Primate Behavior and Ecology professor after receiving and D ( which is a first in college ) in her class last quarter and she just assumed that I didnt do the readings and that I didnt study the material . I did more studying and reading in that class than any other class ive ever taken .. 
Back in Porterville which you know ur home when everything is dead and you can drive with your windows down in the middle of the night and still not be cold 
Ive just had an amazing weekend and that's all there is too it 
I am now an employee of LifeSpan yay for getting a job but now i actually have to work which sucks 
So i went to write my paper at 11pm last night and ended up passing out with the light on and all my stuff scattered only to wake up at 5am ... oh this should be fun 
looking like a crazy person walking around listening to the new comedy station on Pandora\ 
\ 
Note to self : become a emotionless zombie like everyone else lol 
So I was give a free pocket bible today and I felt this intense heat on my body and I started to get a little nervous until I realized that it was just the clouds moving away\ 
#science saves the day again lol 
