had the best new years ever . got to go to sleep early ! lol only regret not kissing my beautiful wife at the stroke of midnight . guess ill have to make up for it as often as possible . ;-) hope you all had a good new years . 

i will be a published author by the end of this year . Woo Hoo ! cross off that one from the life's list of things to do . ;-D 
got an LOR from my security manager at the squaderon . OOOOOOH yeah im fighting that crap . gotta love servitude . sure cant wait to re-enlist ....... lmao 
Thank God its my three day break . too much more of that and daddy goes crazy !!!!!! 
gotta love those three day breaks . but they go by way too fast . I need a vacation . who wants to come with me ? 
happy mothers day to all ! Especially to all you single mothers . You are a special kind of super mom and i applaud you . Have a very special day , you owe it to yourselves . 
trying my best to finish the book and send it off to the publisher . Wish me luck all . 
Happy fathers day to all you dads . In the eyes of our kids we are Rockstars . let us all make them proud and give them a legacy to strive to live up to . Love you Dad . One day i hope to be as great a man as you are . 
so the Book is all but ready to be turned into the publisher . i figure in about a week i will be able to submit it . thanks to all for your encouragement and support . I will keep you all posted on when the release date will me . thanks again . 
The book is sent to the publisher . they say all is good should be less than 6mo till its out on the shelves . ill keep everyone posted . 
waiting is the hardest part . the book in in the text department . i now i play the waiting game . UGH !!!! On the brighter side happy 4th of July everybody . 
To all my Tang < PROPFEMALE > Do family . have fun out there and good luck . RMAA always cleans up at tournaments and has the highest scores at Black Belt tests . lets keep up the tradition . TANG < PROPFEMALE > !!!! 
Just finished my first class in Nakamura ryu , a type of Japanese Iaido . So far i like it a lot . ill be a Samurai in no time . lol 
to anybody who wants to know , what my book is about . I have posted a picture of my book in my pictures . it has a brief description i hope you can read it . also to all my SF friends , i have posted my book cover on the < PROPFEMALE > flight board in the guard mount room . This book is just the first of a two book story . i am working on the sequel now . I hope to have it finished buy the end of the year . 
to anybody that may be purchasing or wanting to purchase my book . Please hold off on that . I'm sorry to inform you all but there are some developing problems with my publisher . I may have to pull out and cancel my contract . I am truly sorry for any hassle this may cause you all . im working my hardest to try and fix this problem . 
plans for Sept ... 3-4th West Coast < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , 8-12th brother's wedding in Canada , 12th my book is officially released . Damn i need a vacation !!! 
Finally got my book order in today . The books looks pretty good . If you were planning on purchasing my book you can go ahead and do so now . they are pretty backed up right now so it may take a while to get , but it will come . If you are stationed with me in cali i will be happy to sign your book if you want . thanks for support . 
So ... yeah .... i made staff . kind of bitter sweet . could use the cash but everything else that goes with it is gonna suck . 
just a few more days and im on vacation . < PROPFEMALE > crap i need this . all work and no play make spani a dull boy . 
headed to the \West coat < PROPFEMALE > kai\ " wish me luck . For those who don't know that that is . its the largest Japanese sword competition in < PROPFEMALE > . ill be sure to post some pictures of it here as soon as i come back . " 
Just got back from the Taikai . 3rd place in both the cutting and kata competition . 32 people in my division . thanks for all the support . 
UGH !!!! Just got home from Canada eh . I ; m beat . weird to say this but I'm glad to be home . Ill post my brothers wedding pics soon . so you all can see me in my schnazzy tux . 
Went to Ventura , met < PROPFIRST > Thompson ( C.E.O and founder of Cold Steel . inc ) . Went to the the beach with the family . Tired but had an amazing time ! 
a moment of silence for a fellow Security forces member who was killed last night . 
weekend in Vegas was pretty sweet . never enough time or money to to and see it all . Guess im just gonna have to go back . :-p 
just past my PT test with a 90.6% . Wheew glad that's over for the next 6 months . now i can get fat again .... lol just kidding in not going to let all this sexy go to waste . 
Ugh I'm 28 feeling really old in a job filled with 18-22 year olds . at least I still got my boyish good looks and my girlish figure . lol thanks for all the well wishes everybody you really did make it a good birthday . ;-D 
Halloween was a blast , the kids got a mountain of < PROPFEMALE > ! i skim a little of the top of course ...... as a processing fee . ill post pics soon . 
I love \the walking dead\ " series !!!! so sweet !!!! " 
I cant get enough of \Walking Dead\ " . The episodes aren't nearly long enough . " 
So frustrated at my Publisher right now !! they offer my e-book for the kindle but it will cost me $100 , then they offer to make it into an Auto book for like $400 . All sounds great but they wont seem to even put up a cover picture in online book stores . GRRRRRRRRR !!!!!!! 
Soon my book will be available for both the kindle and Apple i pad as well as an audio version should be released in the next few months . my book is still available for purchase through borders.com and Barn & Noble.com . makes a great gift for all your friends and family . 
Happy thanks giving to all !!!!!! I'm thankful for all of you guys . I'm especially thankful for < PROPFEMALE > , the love of my life for all that she does for me and our family . I love you baby !!! 
My son's birthday tomorrow . gonna be 6 years old ! < PROPFEMALE > crap I'm old . lol Little guy was born like a week ago i remember it . Closed my eyes for a second and now he's 6 . UGH !!! 
Just got over the flu and now they make me PT test the next day ! if it wasn't for my wife i would have gone postal long ago ! 
I may go postal if I don't get this Wildlife job . keep your fingers crossed for me boys and girls . 
finally married !!!! man it feels good to have it all official now . UGH !!!!! i mean whoo hooo !!!! 
had an awesome Christmas . hope you all did as well . 
FML !!!!! Im in ALS 2 days now and am already going crazy . God help me for the rest of the 24 days . 
Life isn't easy . but I guess if things were predictable then we wouldn't be able to enjoy the good times that come along just around the bend . waiting on my next turn around the bend i guess , but ill still keep pushing forward . 
To all writers and potential writers . publishamerica.com is a scam !!! they are in the business of exploiting authors for their own personal gains while giving back to the author nothing . do not buy Publish < PROPFEMALE > books that includes mine or any others . Do not give these people another dime !!!! 
Got my contract canceled from Publish < PROPFEMALE > !!! SOOOOO happy . now to distance my self from those crooks and start my writing career over again . Thank God this is getting behind me . 
cut my hand practicing with my sword the other day . between my first finger and thumb . got only 3 stitches , was expecting more but the doc said no . gonna be a sweet scar though . good times 
bandages are off . my hand looks pretty nasty . cant wait to see the scar . these stitches tickle my hand though . 
