just got my homecoming dress 

goin to < PROPMALE > tomorrow ... get to miss band for two days ! 
Marchin the the HOF parade . 
helpin my sister practice volleyball 
goin swimmin then history hw 
finally finished my essay !!!! 
goin to get new pointe shoes 
goin to a party 
sisters volleyball game then homework 
homework . fair later 
Finally got my temps , can't wait to drive :) 
I'm done ... with everything , tired of caring and tired of pretending . I just wish everything were easy again . I miss life being simple :( 
I wish I was going to Cedar Point tomorow like my sister but instead I get to go to the zoo ... yay . They better have orangutans :) 
why is it so hard to say what is so easy to feel especially when you know that it's all you think about and all you want 
if only you knew = if only you cared 
i got to go four wheeling today fun fun . now i cant wait for nationals ... soooooooo excited for chicago 
im sooooo confused right now :/ 
leaving for chicago tomorrow ... can't wait til friday for nationals . hope to bring back some trophies :) got a lot to think about on the way there but at least i'll be occupied 
in chicago !!!!!! its starting to rain though which is making traffic worse and it is not fun ... time for nationals to begin :) 
crazy storm makes for scary driving especially when you have no idea where you're going in a busy city at rush hour 
\what's a hoe ? \ " \ " ummmmmmm it's a garden tool\ " \ " then you must be a good hoe because you actually do stuff in the garden \"- conversation with little sisters(fun fun ) " 
uggggh starting driving school ... not looking forward to it at all :( 
driving school is really boring but there is a very attractive guy which makes it better :) hahaha 
dear psychology , \ 
uggggggggggggh u need to get finished ... please don't make me read anymore . i would greatly appreciate if u got finished\ 
love , \ 
< PROPFEMALE > \ 
p.s. u have four days before < PROPFEMALE > beach so if u could make it snappy that would be wonderful 
Playing a game with an attractive guy a few doors down ... he may or may not be playing ;) 
The game has ended :( time to find a new attractive guy to play with ;) 
Found a new toy ... he's really good at this game which is very cute but it sorta frustrates me cuz he knows what hes doing too 
I am soooo upset right now ... why did i have to try and be nice :( 
Really hopes boo isn't leaving tomorrow ... it would make for a very sad day:'( but the game has been fun so far ... just hope we didn't lose ;) 
Boo's playing dirty ... this game is starting to get obnoxious lol this is definitely a super fun trip 
Boo is goooooooone:'( 
I think they put something in our coffee ...... 
I thought the last day of vacation was supposed to be fun ... 
I really wish i could talk to you right now ... i'm starting to miss you even though i try to pretend not to ... why do i do this to myself uggggggggh 
Started the long ride home :( goodbye < PROPFEMALE > 
leaving for < PROPMALE > soon ... can't wait to do some shopping !!!!!!!!!! 
is super happy her sister made the volleyball team again :) 
finally this summer is coming to an end ... i can't wait for school ... overall it was not an enjoyable summer 
do not want to go to school tomorrow but anyway yay we won ... too bad i was not having fun by the end of the game 
There's so much i want to say and i'm afraid i'll never get the < PROPMALE > nor will it matter to you . i know this yet i still can't seem to give up because that little piece of me wants to hold on to the hope that one day i may get a < PROPMALE > with you . it's so hard to give up on something you never had knowing it's everything you always wanted , hoping you one day feel the same way . 
game was super fun ... hopefully the rest will be the same :D it has been a wonderful week , i think i've actually been truly happy this week ... hopefully it can remain that way for the rest of the year :) 
ugggggh i'm soooooooo confused ... gotta love being single :/ 
Had an amazing night :D ... even though we lost the game :/ 
so , this wekend is just turning out to be quite lovely :D 
sometimes , you just can't tell someone how you really feel , not because you don't know why , not because you don't know your purpose , not because you don't trust them , but because you can never really find the right words to make them understand 
the longer you wait for something , the more you appreciate it when you get it , because anything worth having is definitely worth waiting for 
why do people have to be so confusing ? they say things that make it seem as though they really care . then other things make you believe that you don't even matter 
you may regret what you do , but you'll regret what you don't do SO much more 
there was a point when you thought something you now think of a mistake was the right thing to do and you can't change that , so don't dwell on that . simply correct in in the future 
the worst way to miss someone is when they are right beside you , yet they seem so far away 
and you're more important than you realize 
“Do not spoil what you have by desiring what you have not ; remember that what you now have was once among the things you only hoped for . ” 
\never apologize for how you feel . that's like saying sorry for being real \"" 
\To be trusted is a greater compliment than to be loved . \"" 
i wish you actually understood what i am trying to say 
