Going to the tennis today , ASB Classic , but the weather's not looking too flash so glad we have covered seats anyway . 

Psyched because I just won $5 playing quiz at the neighborhood social club ... Outraged that the girls uniform at the local college does not include pants ... Gearing up for a six week teaching contract starting Monday ... and happy to share that Monday is a 
After five full on days teaching ESOL , I'm holed up all alone on this cold and rainy Saturday , preparing a lesson I'll give at homeopathic college in a few weeks ( for students who ostensibly speak English as a first language ) . I really like the school I ' 
Non-Kiwi friends and family : the earthquake hit the southwest part of the South Island . We're all fine . 
Just got back from the quiz at the Churchill Club , located in my National bastion neighborhood , and in the entryway is a framed handwritten note of best wishes from our PM ( whom I refer to as the ' smarmy banker ' ) . I smirked in dismay to see that he'd plu 
SO happy to be able to stay in bed today as the winds blew and the rain fell . Just shared a nice brunch with my beloved . Tonight we're going to a pub to watch the All Blacks -- now that's something I haven't done before . 
Just had a wonderful weekend and now bracing myself for 12 straight days in a row of work , but at the end should be another wonderful weekend ... 
( Don't read this < PROPFEMALE >!) Could never be a vegetarian , or a Jew for that matter . Have to rave ( yet again ) about Freedom Farms pork chops and share my recipe . You broil them for a certain time , according to thickness , turning over halfway through . Meanw 
SO psyched : Thanks to Christoph's company , we're going to Cirque du Soleil ! I've been lucky enough to see them the other times they've been in Auckland but figured I'd have to miss out this time . Also glad it's Friday because even though it's just day 
I know it's sick and twisted , but I was going to attempt to play four pub quizzes this week . However , I'm < PROPFEMALE > eling a little under the weather and must prioritize and preserve my strength . Teachers and students are dropping like flies where I teach ; it < PROPFEMALE > 
Back from a relaxing weekend away , especially since I didn't have to do the driving . And it felt like spring was in the air up in Matakana : we were mostly able to get by wearing only heavy sweaters over our shirts , no winter coats . Dinner last night at 
FSOers ! Yesterday was JULIA/JUNGLE CAT'S birthday ! Where were you ? ( Not at the Reef Bar ... ) Happy belated birthday , < PROPMALE > . Glad C & I were there anyway . 
Contract extended two weeks , shall be gainfully employed through the end of the month ... Seen today with my own eyes : cherries can be eaten in such a way as to leave the pit attached to the stem ... 
Took my son and his friend to Ice Age 3 . It was funny . After lunch we played Settlers of Catan and then , strangely , I felt tired and took a two hour nap . Didn't manage to get to the housecleaning I had planned . There's always tomorrow . 
Despite a crappy night's sleep , today ( Monday ) wasn't as bad as I feared : social engin -- whoops , make that assigned seating in my main class seemed to keep the beasts tame . Or maybe the students didn't sleep so well either ? Tonight at my behest my love and I are going to sleep with our feet oriented away from Mecca ( well , the drafty window anyway ) . 
On my mind ? The lovely smile Christoph sent in my direction , for no apparent reason , when we were having lunch today . 
I'm so tired ! And tomorrow I'm going to St. < PROPFIRST > for a refresher course to keep my workplace first aid certificate up to date . Here's hoping the instructor won't go on about blood too much . But my reward is a night out with my man , dinner and Cirque du Soleil on his company's dime . 
My e-mail isn't letting anything in these days . Hoping to have it up and running again soon .... Just back from Tuesday night quiz at the Reef ; we came in third with fewer people on our team than usual .... Looking forward to administering my own quiz at the Mensa gathering in Paeroa this weekend . 
Paeroa was fun : I've returned with two sandfly bites , a post-nasal drip , a bruised toe and a bruised ego -- my quiz was actually rather too hard for the Mensans and I got a bit heckled ! But that was Friday night and it was onward and upward from there . The Karangahake Gorge was lovely and y'know , just being in the company of my beloved ... :) 
Am I the only one who finds the interface between my iPod and iTunes to be a bit lacking , counter-intuitive , occasionally maddening ? Hmmm . And why I'm playing with my music now , when I can't sing along ... 
My voice is back , though neither it nor the entire system is operating at 100% . Still , I think I can just about manage to drag myself through a day at work . In fact , tomorrow my lovelies are doing a scavenger hunt down < PROPFEMALE > Street . My favorite thing I ask them to do ? Get a passerby to pose for a picture with them in front of this tacky statue by the Burger < PROPMALE > . 
No one should die because they cannot afford healthcare or because their insurance won't cover a procedure or a medication . And no one should go broke because they get sick . If you agree , please post this as your status for the rest of the day . ... Health care bills are a factor in over 60% of personal bankruptcies & over half of all foreclosures . ( Happy to oblige , < PROPFIRST >!) 
A bumpy few days , emotionally . A big thank you to all the friends who've chatted with me and given me a reality check . ( Reality bites ! ) Considering how much energy it takes to run the thing , why is it so hard to think with our brains sometimes ? 
Please cross fingers , toes and any other available appendages for me . I have an interview tomorrow and it could mean 10 weeks of desperately needed work -- and if I land it , I can take a well-earned break next week . 
Work update : three weeks guaranteed from the 21st and a good possibility that will get extended . I also picked up a smidgen for next week , which is all I really wanted . Whew ! On other fronts , I've faced the music and started to dance : tomorrow I kick off the cheaper accommodation search -- looking for 2 bedrooms in the Glendowie College zone for < $350/week if you can help ! 
OK , cross those appendages again ' cause it seemed to work last time . Today < PROPMALE > and I saw a nice two bedroom place , great location , won't break the bank , actually has a dishwasher and polished floors . One other person viewed it at the same time . I dashed home and filed the app electronically . Don't know if it's first come-first served or if it's a desirability contest , but either way ... 
Enjoying this week ( though I didn't get that flat ) , glad I've got work lined up again on Monday . I'm only teaching a PM class this week , but yesterday I ran errands downtown first thing and then went to the school to camp out : managed to land 2 extra hours of relief work for being in the right place at the right time . This morning I was able to see < PROPMALE > off properly to school for the first time in months . 
Up early so did a bit of editing work . Looking forward to the weekend--it's a Christoph one and we'll be ' hanging out ' ( I believe that's the proper term ) with < PROPMALE > and taking him along to a games night on Saturday : a < PROPMALE > to play Alhambra ( one of Christoph's birthday gifts ) with more than two players . 
OK , I'll try again because the last time didn't ' take . ' Tomorrow I start a three week ESOL teaching stint which will hopefully be extended to the whole ten week term , provided enrollment figures cooperate . I'll see some of you at quiz on Tuesday . 
Adapting to the new work grind . I don't have a proper lunch break , just ten minutes from 12:40 to snarf a snack and then I snack again at 3:00 . No meeting Christoph for lunch any more . :( On the upside , I like my students . 
DIY project today : colored my hair . Not happy with how gray I was looking . Will post a photo soon . Here's hoping Christoph will like it ; I'll know in a few hours . 
Well , I've had a couple of milestones . For the first time , I've had students complain about me . On the other hand , guess who finally said he loved me in his native tongue ? 
University of Auckland's English Language Academy farewelled me with a lovely bunch of flowers , a pleasant surprise , especially since I only taught there 3 weeks . On Monday I'm off to Dominion on < PROPFEMALE > Street for at least 3 weeks ... such is the life of the itinerant ESOL teacher ( but at least I'm staying consistently employed . ) 
The buses are back , as of tomorrow , yay ! But boo to greedy Infratil : just give these people their raise and better conditions already . Certainly they deserve to earn as much an hour as garbage truck drivers . 
Have to laugh . A Southern Californian friend of mine posted the following thought on her mind : Love this rainy weather ! I'm getting a lot done around the house . Time for a cup of hot tea ! 
Playing in the pub quiz nationals today with Christoph and four of our friends . 
Well , it looks like I've found a new place to live if I want it ... 
After one false start when he got called away to see some CEO in Wellington , the ex met me at Family Court yesterday , which was the 20th at about 4 PM . We were both aware of the symbolism of the date and time . Our marriage should be ' dissolved ' in about a month's time . 
A week of milestones : filed to dissolve my marriage to < PROPFIRST > and I've just now signed a lease for a new place , the first time in my life I've rented a place by myself , at the tender age of almost 39 . ( But my students thought I was much younger , 25-35 , ha ha ! ) 
If I didn't already feel lucky : today I'm looking & feeling like death warmed over & who has just departed , enthusiastically , into the rain for dinner provisions ? So Christoph even ticks the ' takes care of me when I'm sick ' button . :) Earlier we scored a couple of things for my new place at the Labour Day sales & I was in need of supervision b/c amusingly (?) I keep turning into the giggling girl . 
+ The doctor thinks it's probably a virus and didn't urge me to buy life insurance ! - I have to miss quiz tonight . + I got a lot of arrangements made for my upcoming move . - I have to miss work at least until Thursday and no work , no pay on these short term contracts + The ex came through with a significant amount of overdue support . 
< PROPFIRST > Jones says I have Man Flu and need to HTFU , to which I say WTF !?!? A fever , often high , that's run for a whole week now ; forehead pain bad enough to wake me out of sleep ; gruesome swelling around my eyes ( I never get that ); a gland's popped up in my neck . And my dry cough is hanging on and I've also got a condition we used to call ' body rot ' when I was at uni . 
I'm expecting a $@#& realtor in about an hour , on behalf of my present landlords . Bugger all ! I'm not renowned for my housekeeping under the best of circumstances . I'd better scarper off now to make myself and the house as presentable as possible . 
Back to work today , though still not operating at 100% capacity : had a couple of fits of giggles and now I'm SO tired . In a week's time I'll be getting the key to my new place and thanks to some help packing boxes this weekend <3 , Trade Me and the pink bag people , I'm feeling more and more like this move is do-able . 
I've got a little TradeMe bidding war going on over a small lockable filing cabinet . Today it's gone from $5 up to $27 and from $0.50 to $1.00 increments . And I think I've realized why : I described it as having \attractive blond wood with silver handles . \ " Do I have a way with words or what ? LOL " 
Today is significant in two ways : it marks nine years for me in New Zealand ( and I think it's safe to say I've come a long way ) and I get the keys to my new flat . Have a great week , everyone . 
Glad I went to quiz tonight and contributed to our second place finish . I so needed a break from the move . The thing that sucks , normally I'd be jazzed by all these logistical challenges , but since I'm still battling remnants of the ' man flu ' I'm frazzled instead . 
Got a lot done today which is all good since the movers are coming * tomorrow * . Please everyone , cross your fingers for no rain . 
Thank you , Auckland , for a warm < PROPFEMALE > day . And the movers managed to get all my stuff into my new place , despite access being tricky -- they had to remove my screen door and I think my entertainment center was rotated 360 degrees . Now I've got to deal with all the stuff lying around the old place still . First a wee lie down ... 
I've survived the move ! Christoph ( and the ex , credit where credit is due ) were a huge help , as was my friend < PROPFEMALE > . I'm off to relief teach today then it's back to unpacking , but the new place isn't looking half bad and I'm feeling quite house proud actually . 
It's the little things : I was looking at my car lighter cell phone charger and realized if I took the part that goes into the lighter off , the rest would interface with my computer . And lo and behold , my cell phone is now charging off my computer ! 
Looking forward to quizzing tonight at the Reef with Christoph and our friends . Just as well we should write our answers down though ; I'm still not sounding good . Happy not working today : slept in , ran errands and am continuing the settling in process . Still loving my new flat ! 
Christoph is having his knee surgery today and he's completely blase about it , but I will be having a nervous breakdown while it's happening . Please send some good thoughts our way this afternoon . 
I made a stuffed chicken and all the trimmings for dinner yesterday and with Christoph watching live feeds of American football games , including the Broncos , it did feel like Thanksgiving . I told him this year I'm most thankful for having him in my life as it's the difference between surviving and living . <3 
Christoph's fine but his recuperation seems like it's going to take longer than expected ... tomorrow I'm teaching a trial lesson ; if the school likes me they may offer me some work in January ... Otherwise ( yawn ) nothing much happening . 
OMG : forgot to mention that I'm now officially divorced ( or as they say in NZ , my marriage has been dissolved ) . The papers arrived yesterday . 
From the news : \The grandmother of < PROPFIRST > Wood's Russian girlfriend has called the rocker ' a nightmare'\ " . No doubt because he spurned her more age-appropriate advances on his way to robbing the cradle ? " 
Curiously , I've become quite adept at making schnitzel ... 
Christoph had his follow-up with the surgeon , who was pleased with his progress . No need for physio and he can even go back to the gym if he takes it easy . We'll see some of you at quiz on Tuesday I expect ... Meanwhile , my ' little boy ' has his graduation from primary school today , and he's got stage fright because he's got a large speaking part in the assembly . 
Today marks exactly one year that I noticed a new guy signed up to go to an FSO < PROPFEMALE > nt and I sent him a short , friendly message . The rest , as they say , is history . I'd have to say this was the best birthday gift to myself < PROPFEMALE > r , easily surpassing the dream I'd had on the < PROPFEMALE > of my birthday the year before , in which my MIL succumbed to fumes from cleaning products ( which wouldn't be out of character , LOL) ! 
Thanks for the birthday wishes . It was a nice one , capped by victory at the pub quiz . I'm actually having a part two . My parents arrive tomorrow and on Friday evening I'll have dinner out with them , Christoph and < PROPMALE > and then we're going to the trotting track . 
My parents got in safely yesterday and are ensconced at the Metropolis on the 30th floor , harbour view -- I like to say they're spending my inheritance . And tonight the dad meets the boyfriend ... 
Looking forward to quiz tonight ... bringing my dad . Last night Christoph and I played as a team of two at the Dogs Bollix and came in 4th out of 10 ... Christmas ? Oh yeah , damn , I guess I should keep making preparations . So hard to believe it's around the corner , even with the tree ensconced in my living room . 
Cookies , check . Pumpkin pie , check ( in oven even as I type ) . Next up , Scallops Florentine ( eat your heart out , < PROPFEMALE > ) and finishing touches on my homemade Christmas dress . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone , whether you're buried under East Coast Snow or enjoying California or Kiwi sun . 
With three weeks ' work lined up from January 5 to keep the wolf at bay , I'm enjoying each lazy summer day . 
Teaching again , at a school where the classes are really small . 
Quizzing again now too . Came third with Christoph , enough for bar credit , yesterday ! Only one point off second . And tonight it's back to the Reef . Dad is coming along again too . Wonder if he'll be able to find pub quizzes back in the States ... 
What's on my mind ? The usual . Oh , and I ran over a goat in my bathroom because I'm NOT crazy . 
Still acclimating to having a < PROPMALE > as my computer . Anyone know what software program might be on here for editing pictures ? Eliminating red eye was so easy on the old PC : you could just click and drag a box over the area containing the red < PROPFEMALE > and the computer replaced red with black ... 
Auckland friends : Dad and I are going to the trotting track ( < PROPFEMALE > Park ) tonight , if anyone wants to join to win/lose some money . :) We'll be hanging out near the Lyell Creek area on the 2nd floor , as usual . 
Poor < PROPMALE > ! He was eating an ice cream cone and walking in the city with Dad and me when we were accosted by six teenage girls , who asked him where he got his cone . Before the poor kid could get a word out , my father took over and directed them to the place . He is now moaning that Grandpa stole his women ! 
Started yet another new teaching gig today and it went better than I'd feared it might . A bit of turmoil on the personal front though ... 
Nice weekend , even though Dad went back ... and slipped me $150 and a bus card with $24 on it . Is this the man I grew up with ? Invested some of that dosh in a nice anniversary dinner with my darling at Tabou in Kingsland . Also got to see some buskers and most of the Murray-Federer match . Poor < PROPMALE > ! 
Snow days . Had a laugh with my colleague's Swedish wife about this concept yesterday . Do any of my Baltimore friends remember the time schools were cancelled on threat of snow the next day ? I think we were middle-school-aged at the time . 
Going to the Reef Quiz with Bookworm tonight ; here's hoping there are science and geography rounds ... Getting observed at work tomorrow ... oh and my flat is looking really sharp now . Over the weekend I got the last odds and ends in the living room put away . And today I bought houseplants ( note the plural ) . I haven't bought houseplants since I moved to NZ . What does this mean ? 
I'm having a quiet night in , painting my toenails , grading tests , reading a novel and watching TV . Simultaneously of course ! 
Just found out I have to be let go a week before my contract's up . I could see it coming , enrollments have been falling and next week I'll only have five students in my class ... but still ... :( 
I haven't been out of NZ for nearly 3.5 years now . The one vow I made to myself this year ( well , there's one other but it's not for pubic declaration on FB ) is that I'm getting out for a while , even if it's a long weekend package deal to a Pacific Island that uses ( sigh ) NZ currency . So today it's to the consulate to drop off my passport renewal form . 
made a mature decision today . Hopefully next time she can do it without preceding it with a temper tantrum and trawling for cyber-pats on the head via FB afterward ! 
Yesterday was so bad * today can only be better . Right ? Right ? * Of course I mean bad in kind of a coddled middle class sort of way . It's not like I got swept away in a flood or came down with malaria . Still ... 
is indeed regaining her equilibrium ... which means I'll be above water when the next wave hits me . 
We are the ( pub quiz ) champions , my friend ! 100 points tonight , out of 110 possible . Yours truly contributed much , including recognizing a childhood mug shot of < PROPFIRST > Duchovny and knowing the yo yo was invented in the Philippines . I wish my knowledge of trivia was a heavily paid marketable skill ! 
Hey la , hey la , my boyfriend's back in town . :) Time for a happier profile pic again . 
Ten years ago today was my 8th wedding anniversary . I was a stay-at-home mom living in California , wholly financially dependent on my husband . Today I live in New Zealand , I'm divorced , my son is 13 , I have a lease in my own name for the first time , I'm a breadwinner and I'm in a relationship with a wonderful man . What was your life like 10 years ago ? 
I'm in my third and probably final week of teaching beginners , which I've never done before and phew , it's exhausting . Not easy for me to g ... o .... s .... o .... s ... l ... o .... w . Very much looking forward to the four day weekend . 
Finished up with the beginners yesterday ; they still need a separate class , but sadly their < PROPFIRST > do not warrant it . Today and possibly tomorrow I've got substitute work . Ho hum . We're finally getting rain and now that we've had daylight savings , I think I need to begin work on my plan to spring myself from NZ for a short , hopefully tropical break , perhaps ca . September . Suggestions ? 
Christoph and I came in third and won a $20 food and drinks voucher at the Northern Steamship quiz yesterday . But it was a case of us not performing as pathetically as many other teams ... 
Christoph ... food ... money ... Christoph ... food ... Nicolas ... the brake job my car evidently needs ... sewing ... money ... food ... s-x ... quiz night ... Christoph ... chocolate ... my friends ... food ... s-x ... money ... sewing ... TV ... quiz night ... Nicolas ... Christoph ... 
PRIVACY VIOLATION : FaceBook is at it again ... violating your personal information : As of today , there is a new privacy setting called \Instant Personalization\ " that shares data with non-facebook websites and it is automatically set to \ " Allow . \ " Go to Account > Privacy > Applications and Websites and uncheck \ " Allow\ " . Please copy & repost so that all may protect their personal information " 
Nice of Mother Nature to deliver all our overdue rain at once , and on a day when I have to be out so much ... 
Space ... the final frontier ... \ 
And to continue in < PROPFEMALE > Trek mode , tomorrow will be a good day to dye . I'm looking a bit too ' distinguished ' for my liking . 
Took myself out of contention for Mother of the Year today , probably for the next ten years ! But I'm sure I'm not the first to get unhinged by the sight of an unbreakfasted , pajama-clad teenage boy sprawled over the sofa watching TV at 11:00 AM . 
Remember needing intermediaries to deal with the opposite sex ? < PROPMALE>' girlfriend broke up with him and gave her Dear < PROPFIRST > to his friend to deliver . Fortunately it was met with hilarity and not heartbreak . The little vixen is clearly a professional -- even gives him the old , ' it's not you , it's me ' . 
Today someone else's student had an epileptic seizure . I didn't remember everything you're supposed to do , but I got her into recovery position , talked to the emergency operator and stayed with her until help came . After it was all over , I went through a brief period of shock : after all I'm quite squeamish , but apparently not too much in a pinch . 
Something really serious happened in my life ten years ago today and I need to acknowledge it and thank the people who helped me through at the time . 
“If you love someone , set them free . If they come back they're yours ; if they don't they never were . ” 
Today is my parents ' 46th wedding anniversary . 
\When we long for a life without difficulties 
Only people who are capable of loving strongly can also suffer great sorrow , but this same necessity of loving serves to counteract their grief and heals them . \ 
\ 
< PROPFIRST > Tolstoy\ 
( more to come , was looking up one and came across this first ) 
Love is life . All , everything that I understand , I understand only because I love . \ 
< PROPFIRST > Tolstoy 
When you've suffered a great deal in life , each additional pain is both unbearable and trifling . \ 
Yann Martel\ 
Life of Pi 
\Nothing is so necessary for a young man as the company of intelligent women . \ " \ 
Thanks to the guys at Pit Stop < PROPMALE > Innes . They welded my exhaust pipe and fixed a problem with my front wheels * for free * ( true , I'd had brake work done there two month ago ) , enabling Montag to pass the WOF . ( I call my car Montag because it's < PROPMALE > and because it's said that cars manufactured on Mondays are prone to more problems . ) 
\We need a long-term view of happiness that includes the ups and downs . Experiencing profoundly deep connection makes the daily wear and tear worthwhile . The meaningfulness and peace are often more important than the thrills and sensations . It makes partners so dear to each other that just the smell of their hair is comforting . \ " \ 
If you look for perfection , you'll never be content . \ 
< PROPFEMALE > Karenina 
Wow , what's this ? Two days of sunshine ? Plus I've got employment for the next 5.5 weeks , I've reached the half century < PROPFIRST > of FB friends , < PROPMALE > just brought home another certificate of merit on an assignment , and I'm still savoring JJJM's victory at quiz yesterday night . Things aren't perfect by far , but at least that's a few good things on the bright side . 
The two most powerful warriors are < PROPFEMALE > and time . \ 
For all my loved ones who might be feeling , like me , that things couldn't get ( much ) worse , today is the solstice , a turning point for nature and maybe a turning point in our fortunes too . 
The course of true love never did run smooth . \ 
-- Lysander\ 
A Midsummer Night's Dream\ 
< PROPFIRST > Shakespeare 
< PROPFEMALE > , time and the occasional gentle nudge ... On Monday I'll be carving the initials of yet another English language school into my ????... It looks like a really nice place so here's hoping the two weeks they've promised might extend ... I am now the mother of a 14 year old and tomorrow I have to provide taxi services for several beings of this kind so they can play laser tag . 
Was chatting with the Plumptious One , post birthday , and we came up with a brilliant tag line , for any FSO members who might want to use it : \Marginally less irritating than an amoeba . \"" 
Happy Birthday , Captain Picard . Sexy septuagenarian ... 
I'm back from a fun long weekend in Christchurch . Thank you so much to my generous hosts , < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > . Don't forget the leftover pasta sauce ! Great meeting you < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > . Check out the photos in my 2010 so far album . 
OMG : could I be starting to enjoy the beginners ? We certainly have our laughs , like when one of my Saudis began a sentence with , \Julia my teacher she ... \ " One subject + one verb please ( and never mind about compound or complex sentences ! ) " 
A full day at the Mensa annual gathering : three great speakers , lunch and thought-provoking conversation with two new friends , game-playing galore and a beautiful Chinese dinner ( those are always best shared among a big group ) . 
Kiwis : Please plan to watch or tape 60 Minutes tomorrow ( Wednesday , Aug 4 ) at 7:30 , Channel 3 . < PROPMALE > O'Shea ( one of our Mensa speakers ) will be featured talking about whales , whale beachings and the fishing industry . 
“Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength , while loving someone deeply gives you courage . ”\ 
Lao Tzu 
The best thing I can say about this weekend is , it's over . 
My son and some classmates did so well at Mathletics that they're off to the Mathex Competition tomorrow ( naturally he told me this with less than 24 hours lead time ) . He lacks his mother's competitive streak though and isn't really hoping to advance further : too many trained-from-toddlerhood mathletes as you go up , evidently . 
Teaching these days is like Little House on the Prairie : my beginner students seem as diverse in ability/experience as those in < PROPFEMALE > Ingalls Wilder's multi-level , one room school house . And I keep getting new students , which is good for my continuing prospects at the school but not so good for my sanity , especially when they've had almost no prior English . I'm really earning my money these days ! 
A full day : took my beginners to the zoo in the morning -- no rain , thank goodness -- and the school had a party for all the students ( which is still happening ) at the Forte Bar 
Has anyone else noticed that 2010 , well , sucks ? Far too many bad things happening to good people . 
Spring , glorious spring , and not a second too soon , I don't care if it's weird that NZ considers the 1st ( and not the 20th/21st ) the first day of the season . 
\We come to know ourselves in relation to others 
has changed her profile picture to the one where she looks a bit apprehensive . She's being observed today . 
Observation went really well -- whew ! But still liking this as my profile pic , there's a wistful quality to it that fits my current state ... 
A wee example of why I doubt whether I'm compatible with NZ long-term : I arrive at the community centre today for a workshop about breathing/stress relief to find the room had been double-booked . This sort of thing happens here ALL THE TIME . Kiwis do have many talents , but can't organize their way out of a paper bag . Their attitude when stuff like this happens is to shrug their shoulders and say ' go with the flow . ' 
It's a new week and I'm feeling a bit better . The only good thing about last week was the glowing review I had of my teaching , but if only one thing could go right , I would've had to pick that seeing as it affects my material survival ! Thanks to all those who expressed concern and/or were there for me , in person or via chat and email . 
What we learned at Quiz tonight : only female ducks quack . A few reasons why we got this wrong : Daffy , < PROPFIRST > , Scrooge McDuck , < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > ... 
Great geeky fun today at the Scrabble Tournament . Yours truly only managed one win out of six--I've never claimed to excel at Scrabble -- but I did score a gift voucher for making six-letter words out of the letters in Westfield . I'm going back for more punish-er-fun tomorrow ! 
Slightly better results today at the Scrabble Tournament : two wins out of six games . Met some nice people and got some leads about where game playing is happening in Auckland ( not just Scrabble ) . Finally met my match at Grabble ; when we played head to head he got me by about four points . 
' Your rack is unbalanced , ' she said . I surreptiously checked my bra , then realized she was referring to the preponderence of vowels among my Scrabble letters . ' You realize that would sound very odd in other contexts , ' I commented . She was not amused ! 
If you don't have a sense of humor , you probably don't have any sense at all . 
Spent most of the day getting beat up by little old ladies . Yes , I'm playing another Scrabble tournament . I won one out of six and got a total of three ' bingos ' over the day : interim , thunder and ( dig this ) purloiner . Tomorrow I'll have five more thras-uh-matches . 
Elder abuse today ! I won three of four matches -- one against a LOL who beat me soundly yesterday , revenge was sweet -- so overall 4 wins , 7 losses and 2 byes . And 4 more bingos : sandier , reality , ebonies and ejected . 
Typical Kiwi marketing . A candidate for local office sidled up to me as I was leaving the supermarket . Included in his plug was the fact that a political columnist had recently declared him the best of a bad bunch . Now * there's * an endorsement ! 
I like it on the sofa . 
We tied for 11th out of 54 teams at the National Pub Quiz Championships -- most satisfactory , especially because I wouldn't have featured lugging home one of the six packs given to teams 1 - 10 ! Thanks < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , Christoph , < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > for a great time as well as an impressive result . 
You would think , just like street < PROPFIRST > , odd bus stops would be on one side of a given street , and even stops on the other . You would think . 
My boss told me that I write really good student reports which are also entertaining . And I've been holding back gems like this one : \I am delighted to report that M’s speech has evolved from barks\ 
How much should we expect out of the place we live ? Must we love it , or like so much else , must it simply be good enough ? 10 years ago today I boarded a plane to Auckland . I moved here sight unseen & although it's home & I'm grateful to raise < PROPMALE > here , it's not in my heart the way my hometown & California are . Last year I thought I'd found 2 reasons * I * had to come here , now one of those is up in the air . 
Why yes , that * is * my photo in the dictionary , under the definition of ' mercurial ' . 
A certain fast food franchise that shall go unnamed has their slogan printed on their drink cups in many languages . I was amused to learn that one evidently places ' TM ' in front of the slogan in Arabic , snicker . 
I had a dream that little old ladies were advancing on me , Space Invader-style , and the only way I could fend them off was by flinging tiles bearing letters like Q and X at them . Sadly , these tiles were in short supply ... 
Chacun d'entre nous a 1000 désirs . < PROPFEMALE > malade du \ 
cancer n'en a qu'un seul : GUERIR . Je sais que 97% des gens ne \ 
publieront pas ce message sur < PROPFEMALE > ur mur mais je sais que mes amis feront \ 
partie des 3% qui < PROPFEMALE > feront , au moins pour 1 heure en hommage à ceux qui\ 
sont morts du cancer ou qui sont en train de < PROPFEMALE > combattre ... 
A graduating student gave me a nice necklace today . I taught him as a beginner for about 10 weeks , then moved him up to elementary , where he's spent his last two weeks in NZ . Another former student wrote a very sweet essay about me this week too . Evidently I have ' < PROPFEMALE > hair ' and I am ' a enlightenment teacher ' . :) I have to remember this stuff whenever my lot start driving me crazy . 
Depression is not a sign of weakness ; it can be a sign that you have been trying to be strong for too long . Put this as your status if you know someone who has or has had depression . It's mental health week and 1 in 3 people will suffer at some point in our lives , and because the suffering is inside it can be hard for others to understand . Show your support -- copy/paste/edit . 
I got to see < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > yesterday . He thinks the Statue of < PROPFEMALE > should be rebranded as the Statue of Obesity : a fat waitress asking , ' You want fries with that ? ' Also saw the Ghost Writer with two friends . We all thought it was quite good . 
Just got lucky ! ( Oy , get your minds out of the gutter . ) Was driving home and could tell my car battery was in its death throes . Fortunately , it had the courtesy to wait until I was in my driveway to expire . This was not a problem I would've cared to deal with at 11 PM ! 
Sometimes it's too easy to focus on what I wish were different , but I don't want to let Thanksgiving week go without expressing gratitude for what's good in my life . To be continued below , where they give you more space . 
Yesterday we discovered a word that was effectively the same in Russian and Arabic . In fact , many English ( and French and Spanish and ... ) words are derived from Arabic . We think the world is a small place today , but it is amazing how ( many of ) our ancestors traveled and traded all around Eurasia . 
Got my hair cut yesterday . The young hairdresser spent loads of time styling it with the blow dryer and different brushes , so I didn't have the heart to tell her I didn't really like the result : Palinesque , at least from the neck up ! Fortunately , dragging my wet fingers through it in the shower soon had me looking like my normal left wing self ! 
So I'm 40 now in all time zones I think . Just back from a great party at Dos Amigos with < PROPMALE > , my parents , and more than a dozen friends from my various walks of life -- great turnout for a December birthday . The only thing I could've done without was the < PROPFEMALE > shot : yeccch ! Pix pending . 
Finally , finally ! Got offered an open-ended contract today for full time work , starting January 5 . I * knew * 2011 would have to be a better year . 2010 : don't let the door hit your a$$ on your way out ! 
Back home after staying 10 days with my parents in their suite at the Metropolis ; < PROPMALE > was with us on and off . Fun living in the city , but you know how some people say they feel like a kid again with their parents ? Mine make me feel like the adult ! For example , they started squabbling like toddlers right in the checkout at Foodtown ... 
Happy New Year , everyone ! And 2010 , I'm really not feeling so magnanimous about you so I hope the door will hit your a$$ on your way out tonight ! 
' s liver went into shock briefly tonight . For the first time in my life , I ordered a glass of wine ( a pinot gris ) with dinner , lapin a la moutarde at < PROPFEMALE > Metropolitain , followed by mousse au chocolat . Was I celebrating being 40.083333 today or consoling myself for losing 75% of my Scrabble matches , despite playing bonuses like reissue and cannery ? 
Why did I take up competitive Scrabble ? Oh yeah , I think it had something to do with sublimation ... I went in to the tournament with a rating of 114 ; the top players are close to 2000 . The highest player in my grouping was around 1000 , so it's fair to say it wasn't a fair fight . Perhaps I should be happy I managed a couple of wins . 
Geez ! Just under 6 weeks with my mom around and what do I find myself doing this morning ? Sending in a letter to the editor ! 
< PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > are on their way back to < PROPMALE > even as I type . It's been nice having someone else to cook me dinner again , despite their unfortunate fondness for frozen vegetables . :) 
A rainy Auckland day ... may as well be indoors playing competitive Scrabble . Wish me luck ! 
The damages this time : 3 wins ; 11 losses ; the award for the lowest winning score of the tournament , 272 ; and 7 bingos , 5 of them in games I lost anyway : penalty , turnkey , gladden , banding , closing , holders and cuteness . Perhaps the Tile < PROPFEMALE > is loathe to visit ardent atheists ? 
My clock radio goes off this morning and the news reader informs me that being unmarried at 40 carries the same health risk as smoking . What the ?! Did they include unhappily married 40 year-olds in their study ? And was this one of these where they only studied men and report the results like they apply equally to both genders ? Argh . 
That horrible screeching sound is my sense of humor , hanging on for dear life ! 
About to make a run to the library . Evidently , I should be looking for works by Kafka ... 
OK : I've decided I must have broken a mirror a few years ago . I like this conclusion far more than an earlier one I < PROPFIRST > , that I must have bad < PROPFEMALE > from evil deeds in a former life . :) 
