WDE !! 

What is going on ?!?!?! Auburn come on !! 
Finally !!!!! WAR DAMN EAGLE !!!!! 
has work early in the morning ... booo 
you gotta love family ;) 
when does the drama end ? 
neeeds to quit thinking so hard 
work , work , work 
In so much trouble !!!! 
just got done watching Transformers 2 !!! 
sleepy 
why can't people grow up ? 
coaching the swim team 
glad it's the weekend 
another day done and gone in Valley , < PROPMALE > . 
not wanting the weekend to end 
bored out of my mind 
ready for the weekend 
glad the weekend is here 
growing up is a part of life and we will all have to do it I understand that , but why can't friends that have been friends for years stay friends with each other and why is there so much drama , hate , backstabbers , and liars in the world if the world is su 
wishing I was far far away from Valley ....... 
Thank you everyone for my birthday wishes !!! :) 
nothing to do , but then again that's nothing new ... 
I just wants things to go back to the way they use to be . I know it's cliche to say but I miss him and I want him back ..... 
I have a bad feeling in the bottom of my stomach ... a sicking feeling and NOT sick like the flu ... 
So much to say ... RIP < PROPFIRST > 
Had a great day 
studying 
sitting in biology .. bored 
help 
one day at a time ... 
movie time !!!!! 
so deeply bored 
I'm doing great :) 
I meant what I said and I said what I meant 
back to school then to work ... it's going to be a long day 
has a long drive ahead of me . 
you are in my prayers big brother . come home soon . you make me so proud ! 
Ready for the weekend 
11 more lines and I will be done with my ethics paper however I have some serious writer's block that will not go away ! :( 
Officially done with my ethics paper !!! :D 
Please have my grandma in your prayer people . 
Two finals down and three more to go 
Je déteste officiel < PROPFEMALE > ment < PROPFEMALE > travail et < PROPFEMALE > souhait que je pourrais rentrer à la maison . 
is being attacked by a ninja 
had a great night ... nothing is better than helping a nerd decorating a Christmas tree . 
You're so vain .... 
not feeling good .. :( 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas 
tonight is going to be a blast :) 
Rock , paper , scissors .... shoot 
blue and green . :) 
Ok , if Waffle House is open 24 hours a day and seven days a week , then why do they have a lock on the door ? 
where is the rewind button when I need it ? 
So , I found this kitten(which is only two days old according to the vets ) in the parking lot at work yesterday and I have decided to name the kitten ... Spartacus . :) 
The one day I don't wear my rainboots is the one day I need them ... :( 
really hates cleaning 
Psychology class : ... $312.00 Psychology : ... $120 Working at the pool : ... $8.24 (an hour ) Psychology book falling into the pool and having psyhology class less than an hour : ... PRICELESS 
Glad tomorrow is Friday 
I had a wonderful night hanging out with Lindsey .. minus the rain . :) 
I should had known better , but oh well lesson learned 
i'm hungry .. 
I thought college was suppose to be fun and not stressful ? 
Today is going to be a good day :) 
Two classes until the weekend . :D 
Snow :) 
is watching the Construction workers outside the classroom window , instead of working on my paper and listening to the teacher . 
So much and so little time to do it in ... 
needs to finish my english paper instead of playing on facebook 
I just met a daytime celebrity . :) 
What the world needs now is love sweet love , It's the only thing that there's just too little of . What the world needs now is love sweet love , no not just for some but for everyone . 
Change is inevitable - except from a vending machine 
I had a blast tonight hanging out with < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , and Carissca !! Even though I suck at bowling . :P 
made an 85 on my speech . I'm happy with that . :) 
I'm blessed to have such wonderful friends !! :) 
Ugh 
have the worse writer's block on earth 
Have you ever looked back and thought why did I date you or like you ? 
Heading back to my hometown for a while . :) 
there is not enough time to do everything I need to do 
no power .. 
Stop t-t -talkin ' that Blah blah blah 
It is now officially SPRING BREAK !!!!! :D 
Getting ready to head over to my old hometown and < PROPFEMALE > out with The Young Clan .. Tonight is going to be interesting and fun ! :) 
anatomy , english , speech , math , or psy .. which one should I work on first ? 
English then work ... 
homework again 
Again another beautiful day while I'm stuck in school again .. what a bummer . 
Officially depressed ... 
I lucky to have such wonderful friends :) 
Hmmm .. What should I eat for lunch ? 
Watching Serendipity .. 
I'm thinking it is time for ... the rodeo 
trying to work on my speech but it is working .. 
Time to go swimming in 5:30 in the morning . 
Anatomy is cancelled !!! :) 
Change of plans for today ... no fishing for me just school and work . :( 
Time for work . 
Deep breaths ... Inhale ... exhale ... 
Just turned in my English Project/Paper that is worth 75% of my grade and I'm so glad that I'm done with it . 
will have no life this next week and half due to finals 
87.5 on my anatomy lab final ... Five more finals to go . 
I never thought I was going to say this but I rather be studying for my final than at work ... 
Two more and Four more to go 
migraine not fun .. :( 
The migraine has worsen .. 
Work , laying out with < PROPFEMALE > , and out with my girls tonight ! (: 
Headed to Sonic with < PROPFIRST > ! 
Only one final left ... ( : 
Spring term is officially over !! (: 
Experience is the name every one gives to their mistakes . 
ZZ Top concert is where you can find me tonight . (: 
I made the < PROPFIRST>'s list (: 
Working all day long .. 
\The doors we open and close each day decide the lives we live . \"" 
The only true knowledge in life is knowing you know nothing . -Socrates 
Back to school I go 
I'm seriously thinking about skipping the next 7 and a half of school that I have left .. 
Sick ... 
I officially don't have a voice ... 
sun burn+ lack of voice + slight fever + congestion + school all day tomorrow = to a very unhappy Sharrae 
Why are you following me ? Huh huh huh ? The ocean not big enough for you ? 
This weather just makes me want to be at the beach more .. 
Anatomy test this morning ... nervous 
86 on my first lecture test in anatomy II and I'm very very happy about that !!! (: 
Spain is going to win !! (: 
Just dance night . (: 
Life's a dance you learn as you go\ 
Sometimes you lead , sometimes you follow\ 
Don't worry about what you don't know\ 
Life's a dance you learn as you go 
Baby shower for Whittany . 
putting an all nighter 
Spain . :) 
< PROPFEMALE > Crocker's Whipped Cream Cheese Icing <3 
Spain <3 
Let's go spain ! (: 
\Do you want me to end up lonely and alone ? \ " -Me \ " ... in a casket . \"- < PROPFEMALE > Brown " 
Horseshoes + old people = tons of entertainment 
Sometimes I wish I knew what is going happen in life for me but then life would be boring to live in . 
Thank you Lord that no one was hurt and there was no damage done . 
Migraine please go away ... 
Learning recipes from my daddy . (: 
Has to be a work at 5am tomorrow , but I can't fall asleep ... I think I will need lots of coffee or something in the morning . 
Babysitting < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > . 
Thank you everyone for my birthday wishes !! (: It made my day ! 
Loves how the before and after pictures in weight loss commercials are different . 
Hates being late to places . 
Filling up water balloons with < PROPFEMALE > at 1am . 
Don't tell me you are watching your child and hand the child a noodle and turn your back to them so you can flirt , text , or talk someone ... 
The next time someone annoys you so much you just wanna slap em .. do it and say , \Mosquito\ " and quickly walk away " 
Loves me some chocolate . <3 
So I'm going to ask for a favor from everyone please pray for my grandmum . 
Well hello there what is your name ? It is nice to meet you Rock Bottom , my name is Sharrae . 
I have missed my < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > and glad we able to catch up tonight . (: 
This means war . 
Krispy kreme doughnuts are a perfect way to start off the day . <3 
War Eagle !!!! 
Today is the day .. 
Waffle house <3 
I officially hate T-Mobile . 
School , work , tutor , study , maybe some sleep .. repeat . 
Feels horrible 
Great week , got accepted to the nursing program , going to the Eagles concert , Auburn football , and Six Flags this weekend !! (: 
is honestly scared for my life . While walking into a high school , I witnessed a drug bust in the parking lot . Jussayin 
When we were kids why were we in such a hurry to grow up ? 
Loves How the Grinch Stole Christmas 
Is thankful for my family and friends . 
War Eagle ! However I'm sorry that McElroy was hurt . 
passed Microbiology with a B ! (: 
#9 : We haven't seen each other in years ; however , that doesn't mean anything when it comes to our friendship ! You are my oldest and one of my dearest friends . We have been through plenty of ups and downs but we still made it . No matter where our lives take us some how we always stay in touch with each other . Hope one we will be able to < PROPFEMALE > out again like in the old days . (: 
Believes in Christmas miracles . 
Is tired of being sick because of her wisdom teeth 
I could write a best selling novel because of all the events that happened today with < PROPFEMALE > Brown and family . 
Fearing for my life while < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > zig zags down the road . 
Honk honk (: 
Is ready to leave the merry-go-round and ready to have a fun for the rest the night . (: 
WDE !! (: 
Way to fail waffle house . 
Lord , give me strength . 
Goodbye facebook . I will see you in March . 
Is beyond at a lost of words ... I'm still not believing this and waiting for you come into work and tell me about the latest sign you have discovered , < PROPFEMALE > .. rip < PROPFEMALE > 
School was not an opinion today . 
Misses you , sweet girl . Rip < PROPFEMALE > . 
Sometimes you got to know when to hold ' em , know when to fold ' em 
