Thank you for all of the birthday wishes .... friends and family make my day so special ! :) 

Is a huge fan of 5 West . 
As I drove up to my complex , I saw a car stop at our dumpster , pop the trunk , and a little boy climbed out . He then takes out the bags of trash that were also in the trunk with him . Not sure what to think about that .... just glad my parents never made me d 
: Thankful for the grace my husband shows me . 
NICU today ! 
ER tonight ..... hope it goes by quickly ! 
Loves Sugar Browns kolaches ! 
Where am I working today ? I never know ! Resource pool kind of makes me antsy ! :) 
Wants to go shopping for school supplies ... am I the only one that gets giddy about buying notebooks and highlighters ? :) 
Loves that my brother and sister are two of my closest friends . It really is special to move into that phase of life with your siblings . 
: the ice cream man was playing \La Cucaracha\ " today around the neighborhood .... interesting choice .... " 
: tears up just watching the trailer for The Time Traveler's Wife .... 
loves date nights with my hottie hubby :) 
I really adore my husband . 
: the headache has won . 
wants to participate in the 2009 Race for the Cure , October 3rd . Who wants to join me ?! :) 
: cars and now appliances ? great ..... 
: Mother's and mother's to be .... please stop being so darn cute . It is becoming increasingly difficult to resist the baby fever . Thanks ! :) 
: Is tired of seeing mannequin's give birth . It was cool the first time , not so much the second . 
: Not sure what I would do without my sweet husband during road trips . He is my oil and tire checker , gas filler , money handler , road navigator , reservation maker and conversation starter . wow ... thanks babe for a perfect trip :) 
: No baby today ..... my pt . was stuck at 6 when I left .... saw a lot of C-section babies go through though :) It was precious . 
newborn assesments , immunizations , labor complications , perinatal loss , pain management during birth , pediatric pain assessment , somatoform disorders , anxiety disorders , cognitive disorders .... good grief .... you would think they would separate each topic instead of it being jumbled together in one test ! Yikes ! 
: So , I am not sure why someone stole my pumpkin on my front porch , but I guess they liked it or needed it more than I did . :) 
Everyone , come to the South Plains Fair , September 24th-October 3rd . Oakwood Baptist is selling chocolate covered bananas with your choice of topping : coconut , m&m's , nuts , or sprinkles ! YUMM-O ! Be there or be square ! ;) 
has a sick husband ..... :( 
.... was humbled today . hard stuff . 
: Today I had a baby on an ECMO ( Extracorporeal membrane oxygenation ) machine .... look it up ! Sooooo interesting ! 
: Was at Dr. Klepper's all day today- highly recommend him if you are looking for a pediatrician ! 
: Don't forget to get your seasonal flu shot ! :) 
: Why are most of the women's halloween costumes SO immodest ? It is making it hard to find a costume ! 
: Just got off the phone with my papaw ... he is 77 today . Aren't papaw's the greatest ? :) 
So here's a first : My pt . today faked having convulsions .... not cool . 
Listening to old school Backstreet boys .... it is sad that I still know the lyrics . At least I still don't have their posters all over my wall :) 
I sure do love inspiring days at the hospital . SO thankful that I am becoming a nurse . I love that the Lord directs our path perfectly and gives us strength to endure the tough days . 
Pediatric clinicals is over ! Woot ! Now on to psych ..... 
Loves Halloween ! Have a fun night everyone ! :) 
Halloween < PROPFEMALE > 50% off . High five ! ;) 
\The mouth of the righteous is a fountain of life\ " Proverbs 10:11 " 
thinks there should be a law against waking up at 4:45 a.m. So . Not . Cool . 
: Off to the Montford Unit tomorrow ! Sweeeeet ! 
< PROPFIRST > Strait is still adorable . I have a hankerin ' to watch ' Pure Country ' now .... ha ! 
: It has been an eye opening experience to see those dealing with life with a mental illness . Thankful for treatment teams , therapy sessions and medications to help them through their days . Glad I went :) 
It is time to bust out the Christmas decorations ..... I can't wait any longer :) 
Got to feed and hold little babies in the NICU today .... too bad I am not assigned there tomorrow .... bummer ;) 
: Turkey = $7.41 ; Pumpkin pie ingrediants = $5.83 ; Able to spend Thanksgiving with my sweetheart and parents = Priceless ! 
: Okay .... time to hunker down and get these next few weeks out of the way ... I will be MIA until the 16th :) Lots of coffee and red bull coming my way ..... 
Well , spilling an entire Route 44 vanilla dp all over the floorboard of my car , makes for one sticky mess ! Awesome . 
Come on Monday , you still have 13.5 hours to redeem yourself . 
: In nursing school you learn quickly not to be surprised by anything . Had a pt . walk around today with poop rubbed on his head . It was hard to avoid the smell . Goodness I need a break ..... :) 
: Received the annual package of grapefruit from Pawpaw today .... I sure do love him :) 
: Bouquet of roses and lunch at Home Cafe . Such a sweet way to celebrate the day that started everything 4 years ago . I love my < PROPFIRST > and I love being romanced :) 
: Well , one more semester left . It feels pretty good to be able to finally say that . 
: I am not very talented at gift wrapping .... is there a secret to it ? 
: Playing with the husbands remote control helicopter .... I love days that I don't need to do anything :) 
: Wish I knew what direction I am going after I graduate .... I am not good at waiting :) 
: You've got mail , coffee , biscuits and gravy and my < PROPFEMALE > :) Happy New Years everyone 
: \Iron and Wine\ " is perfect for the mood I am in tonight :) " 
: NCLEX lesson of the day : When answering questions , always assume the worst . Always assume your patient is dying and act on that . . . Good to know :) 
Senior semester starts Monday .... Oh dear . 
: Wearing a yellow tag that says \senior\ " on it makes me feel special ;) " 
: Thank goodness my instructor prayed before lecture today . It is only by prayer that we will learn about EKG's and rhythm strips ;) 
: Eating chocolate that has applewood smoked bacon in it ..... amazing ! Thanks sis !! :) 
: The news wasn't kidding when they put \blowing dust\ " on the forecast for today .... just one of the \ " perks\ " of living in West Texas ;) " 
: My heart is full .... such a sweet privilege to experience love :) 
: Relying on the pioneer woman to help me out with dinner tonight for the boys ! Oh , how I love having company over ! That definitely includes the 26 youth we had over the other night ..... ;) 
: My weakness is white cheddar popcorn .... this needs to change stat ! Too bad the husband is out buying me some already .... :) 
: For the past two years I have felt that graduation is so far away . Now that I have applied for a few positions , I am suddenly wishing I had more time ;) 
: Slept in , watching the Today Show , banana bread in the oven = a good start to the snow day !!! :) 
: I am proud of who my husband is . I love his heart and his integrity . Its crazy how much your love and respect for someone grows ...... :) 
Its decided . I am getting away for a few days , even if its by myself ! ;) Yahoooo ! 
65 days till graduation . Real job waiting for me right when I get done . Now all I need to do is survive finals and pass the NCLEX . Crazy that it is right around the corner .... seems like just yesterday I was freaking out over learning how to correctly make a hospital bed ;) 
I cannot wait to celebrate < PROPFEMALE > and baby girl < PROPFEMALE > on Saturday ! Wahooo ! 
Oh Modern family , you make me laugh . 
oh the life of apartment living . . . this morning our next door neighbor is singing \Stand by me\ " in the shower . . . wow . " 
: Whenever my husband takes a nap , and I am not joining in , I have the urge to wake him up ... its like the red button you're not supposed to push .... ;) 
: Last night I looked at all my old books I used for voice lessons .... I miss singing and my sweet teacher .... * sigh * 
: Its hard to study when the song \Hollaback Girl\ " is stuck in your head . . . thanks a lot < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE >." 
Hey friends in Lubbock , there are a couple of policemen hanging out on the East side of Indiana ( between 50th and 34th ) . Its too beautiful of a day to get stuck with a ticket , so obey the law ! :) 
12:23 am was the perfect time :) 
: Moving tomorrow but we still haven't packed .... probably should go get some boxes now . 
: When I am weak , HE is strong . . . 
: Am I really graduating in 3 weeks ???? For real .... could someone pinch me ? :) 
: Tickets to Portland are finally purchased ! Now I can't help but day dream about vacation .... pure bliss I tell ya ! ;) 
: Going to start a list of books to read : Any suggestions peeps ? :) Thanks ! 
Must . Keep . Studying . 
Friends in Lubbock , come support a fellow Lubbockite ! :) < PROPMALE > Fortenberrry is waiting for a heart transplant . His daughter ( my classmate ) < PROPFEMALE > along with Covenant School of Nursing will be hosting a pinic to help raise funds ! What an awesome opportunity to give ! Come to Maxey park and enjoy , music , food , various games and even meet < PROPMALE > Roberts ! Spread the word and come out June 6th ! 
: Let the new season of life begin ! :) Couldn't be more thrilled ! 
: Sometimes you need a little MGMT , Lady Gaga and Beyonce to get you motivated to clean .... hehe . 
: Oh my , these two years have gone by so fast . I can't believe that I get to stand next to so many amazing nurses to be and finally graduate . I feel covered in love and grace today ! Only by His will is this day possible .... soaking it all in :) 
Long week of NCLEX review . . . . 
: It doesn't matter how many years have gone by , the sting of death still lingers . Happy birthday < PROPFEMALE > , wish I could call you and hear your voice :) 
: Family is so sweet . 
: Everyone in Lubbock !!! Come out on Sunday , from 1:30 - 4:30 to benefit the < PROPMALE > Fortenberry Heart Transplant Fund . Maxey Park ( 30th and Oxford ) . Plenty of food and games and music by Thirty Nine Thoughts . < PROPMALE > Roberts is even going to be there as well ! Tickets are $8 for adults , $6 for children ... 
Everyone in Lubbock !!! Come out on Sunday , from 1:30 - 4:30 to benefit the < PROPMALE > Fortenberry Heart Transplant Fund . Maxey Park ( 30th and Oxford ) . Plenty of food and games and music by Thirty Nine Thoughts . < PROPMALE > Roberts is even going to be there as well ! Tickets are $8 for adults , $6 for children ... 
Everyone in Lubbock !!! Come out on Sunday , from 1:30 - 4:30 to benefit the < PROPMALE > Fortenberry Heart Transplant Fund . Maxey Park ( 30th and Oxford ) . Plenty of food and games and music by Thirty Nine Thoughts . < PROPMALE > Roberts is even going to be there as well ! Tickets are $8 for adults , $6 for children .. 
Everyone in Lubbock !!! Come out today , from 1:30 - 4:30 to benefit the < PROPMALE > Fortenberry Heart Transplant Fund . Maxey Park ( 30th and Oxford ) . Plenty of food and games and music by Thirty Nine Thoughts . < PROPMALE > Roberts is even going to be there as well ! Tickets are $8 for adults , $6 for children . 
: Awesome Sunday ! \ 
Great people coming together to support a great family , have great\ 
food , and enjoy great music . Keep < PROPMALE > Fortenberry in your prayers and\ 
that he receives his heart soon ! He is such a precious man ! Watch News Channel 34 tonight to see the interviews they did today ! 
: All by myself today .... what to do , what to do ? I guess the best thing would be clean and do the laundry that I have been avoiding ..... I guess ..... :) 
: Exactly 1 month until Portland !!!! I am so giddy !!! 
: Suggests reading \Love and War\ " by < PROPFIRST > and Stasi Eldredge .... His truth and revelation of marriage is speaking to my heart right now . God is so powerful . " 
: The husband said date night tonight ! Get to wear them heels ! ;) yippee ! 
: Is still in denial that my favorite brother is leaving Monday ..... geez , June is shaping up to be one tough month :( 
: Said good-bye to my < PROPFEMALE > and he is officially off to camp for the week . I might have started crying when I pulled away .... :( 
: Okay strained back muscle .... its you , me , icy hot and my comfy bed tonight . Did you seriously have to bother me today ??? 
: My dog consistantly dreams while he sleeps . Does this creep out anyone else besides me ? Oh well , enough random posts for the day , back to studying :) 
: I get to smooch and hug my husband tomorrow ..... maybe too much info for the facebook world , BUT I am SO excited I cannot contain it !!!!! ;) 
: Hip hip horray ! I PASSED my NCLEX ! 
Thank you my sweet friends for all the birthday wishes . Jesus really shows His love for me through you all 
: The Fantastic Three have been split up :( Brother < PROPMALE > left us yesterday for Oklahoma ..... such a bittersweet time right now . 
Happy 3 years to the one I love :) Life is so sweet with you . 
: The husband comes home today ! One thing I learned these two weeks is that I am not good at being alone ( I kind of knew that already though ) ;) 
: 1 week left until Portland/Seattle ! ! ! ! 
: First night shift tonight ...... to say I am nervous would be an understatement :) 
: Jesus ! All I can say today is , change our hearts ! 
: Thank goodness for vacations . They always come at the moments you need them the most ! :) Time to pack ! 
: Proud of the misson team in Stamford , Texas . Jesus is at work ! :) 
: Husband is back home ! I missed my best friend ! Gets lonely around here 
: My < PROPFIRST > put curtains up in our room , so I can sleep better since I work nights now . . . I love my husbands heart . So sweet . 
: Seriously preceptor , it is 240 AM , I do not want to listen to your opera while eating my food . Thanks . 
: 1 night down . 2 more to go . Oh man . . . 
: Tonight is crazy . Its 230 AM , shouldn't be this loud ! :) 
\The thief comes only to steal and kill and destroy ; I have come that they may have life 
: I don't think I could have predicted that this night would be as terrible as it has been :( So discouraging . 
: Work 3 nights in a row , then off to home in Stillwater on Thursday ! Can't wait to see my family ! 
: Well , hello Oklahoma ! So nice to see you again , its been too long :) 
: Only in Oklahoma do you get caught in a swarm of horse- flies :) 
: The thing with having 5 days off , is that its hard to sleep during the day now . Tonight will be quite a pickle . Oh well , I guess thats how it goes sometimes :) 
: it is pretty comical trying to communicate with spanish speaking only patients . Lots of pointing and using babelfish.com :) Pretty resourceful if I say so myself . They just laugh at me and I am okay with that . 
: What happens when you wait for months to go see a doctor ? You find out you have strep and a chronic ear infection . woo hoo . 
: I will never understand why people feel like its okay for them to ask , \Are you tired ? \ " . Its like they are informing you something you don't know ..... he should have been glad I was nice ;) hehe . " 
: If anyone wants to go to the fair today , let me know . I have free tickets if you are interested ! And you can stop by and get a yummy frozen chocolate covered banana while you are there ! :) Message me ! 
: Sometimes just reminding myself that my 12 hour shift will eventually end , is all that gets me thru most nights . Thankful to be sitting outside enjoying the crisp morning before I go to bed . This season in life is a tough one . . . . 
Loving all the monarch butterflies I am seeing during my travels :) SO beautiful ! 
: Took Nyquil AND Benadryl in a desperate attempt to get sleep . It didn't work !? There is something wrong about that . . . 
: Back into the world of blogging ..... yikes :) 
: Is trying to recall what sleep is like . . . sigh . 
Ways to kick insomnia : 2nd 12 hour night shift , no break , no lunch , floor received 10 admissions in 4 hours , no nurse aides . . . phew ! I think I could sleep all day ! ;) Oh what a life . 
1 down , 2 to go . Can't wait for Friday morning and no more night shifts ! Yahooooo ! ;) Let's just hope I survive ;) 
: Oatmeal butterscotch cookies are legit . 
: < PROPFEMALE > Moore , September 10 , 2011 ....... who's in ? ? :) 
: Getting cancelled from work sometimes has its benefits :) I actually get to go to church today ! :) 
: What is better than a date night ? An ALL day date ! ! Yay ! 
: Doctor visit , round 3 . Maybe 3 is the magic number ? :/ 
: Finally found a PCP for my little family , so excited ! :) Hoping things go well and I finally start to get better ! 
: Felt the effects of working on a holiday .... it didn't feel like one :( BUT , what a blessing to care for those that weren't with family either . Plus , my husband had food waiting for me anyway . What a sweet day . 
: Not a fan of hearing the ice cream man driving around today . Its December , it needs to be cold ;) So , I decided to make hot coco and light my holiday candle <3 
: Wishing it wasn't cookie week on the pioneer woman's blog .... maybe I should refrain from it for a week ..... now I want cookies for dinner ;) 
: My job is a ministry . I need to redirect my thoughts-its not about me and how hard it is on me . Its about furthering His kingdom with each encounter ! What a revelation today ! Thankful . 
Dreaming today <3 
: I haven't eaten a single Christmas cookie this season . That needs to change soon ;) 
: Planning out our Christmas meal . . . Thank you < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > for great recipes ;) 
Christmas waves a magic wand over this world , and behold , everything is softer and more beautiful . - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Peale <3 
Galatians 5:16 -17 ()\ 
16 But I say , walk by the Spirit , and you will not gratify the desires of the flesh . 17 For the desires of the flesh are against the Spirit , and the desires of the Spirit are against the flesh , for these are opposed to each other , to keep you from doing the things you want to do . #Bible http://j.mp/cTfgzL 
: Time to clean and dress my wounds . Time to sharpen my sword . Time to polish my armor . It was quite a battle today my floor . Back at it tomorrow ....... ;) 
: Sometimes you are a punching bag . Today was my day ...... and the day before ....... and the day before ....... ;) Ouch ! 
< PROPFIRST > 6:8 \ 
8 He has told you , O man , what is good ; and what does the Lord require of youbut to do justice , and to love kindness , and to walk humbly with your God #Bible http://j.mp/hDJayA 
: 4 years ago today , my love proposed to me <3 I love you < PROPFIRST > Bain ! 
Exodus 14:14 \ 
14 The Lord will fight for you , and you have only to be silent . #Bible http://j.mp/i6lK3B 
: The only warm place in my house is the bedroom . Does that mean I get to stay in bed all day ? ;) 
Happy birthday to my romantic and charming husband , < PROPFIRST > Bain . Love you sweetheart . 
<3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 
Colossians 3:23 -24 \ 
23 Whatever you do , work heartily , as for the Lord and not for men , 24 knowing that from the Lord you will receive the inheritance as your reward . You are serving the Lord Christ . #Bible http://j.mp/fAj0SP 
Sunshine , The Civil Wars playing in the background , and cleaning ..... a pretty nice Monday if ya ask me ;) 
Anyone selling girl scout cookies or know someone who is ? I have been thinking today that its a shame that I haven't supported them yet ..... 5 , 10 , 15 boxes might be a good contribution ;) Let me know ! 
Philippians 4:13 \ 
13\ I can do all things through Him who strengthens me . \ " \ 
Salvation is not a feeling , its a position ..... Lecrae in da house ! ;) 
Galatians 6:9 -10 \ 
9 And let us not grow weary of doing good , for in due season we will reap , if we do not give up . 10 So then , as we have opportunity , let us do good to everyone , and especially to those who are of the household of faith . #Bible http://j.mp/dJqyBx 
< PROPFIRST > 5:14 -16 \ 
14 You are the light of the world . A city set on a hill cannot be hidden . 15 Nor do people light a lamp and put it under a basket , but on a stand , and it gives light to all in the house . 16 In the same way , let your light shine before others , so that they may see your good works and give < PROPFEMALE > to your Father who is in heaven . #Bible http://j.mp/e71VPE 
Proverbs 12:19 \ 
19 Truthful lips endure forever , but a lying tongue is but for a moment . #Bible http://j.mp/gDwzj5 
I can always sense when a change is coming ... ready , set , go ? ;) 
.... Let all bitterness and wrath and anger and clamor and slander be put away from you , along with all malice . Be kind to one another , tenderhearted , forgiving one another , as God in Christ forgave you . \ " , 2011-03-07 23:06:39 " 
Saturday morning waffles with my love :) 
1 < PROPFIRST > 2:2 \ 
2 There is none holy like the Lord ; there is none besides you ; there is no rock like our God . #Bible http://j.mp/f5t7c7 
Revelation 1:8 \ 
8 I am the < PROPFEMALE > and the < PROPFEMALE > , says the Lord God , who is and who was and who is to come , the Almighty . #Bible http://j.mp/fwh1JZ 
: It must be love ! Who else would bring Reeses pieces to you during a busy day of work <3 A much needed surprise ! 
: Two days down , one to go .... oh goodness my feet hurt ;) I think I can , I think I can <3 
: What a sweet morning . My heart was wooed during the most recent Narnia movie . What a great ache inside when I think about what is to come <3 
2 Corinthians 12:9 \ 
9 But he said to me , My grace is sufficient for you , for my power is made perfect in weakness . Therefore I will boast all the more gladly of my weaknesses , so that the power of Christ may rest upon me . #Bible http://j.mp/f2BQkJ 
: Mmmm , < PROPFEMALE > and the Machine ... I love music <3 
: Its a humbling moment when you are walking around the market , and you feel a breeze inside your jeans ..... you look down and realize your pants are unzipped .... oh goodness . 
: There is nothing as precious as a husband who runs to the store at 4 am , to buy you medicine so that you can sleep . What a sweet and selfless partner I was given <3 So in love today <3 
: In case anyone was wondering , a pigeon does in fact explode when you hit it with the front of your truck . Feathers were everywhere ..... fail . 
: I have to admit , \Bridesmaids\ " was kind of a let down .... " 
YOU DON'T LOOK SICK !!! No I don't . It's hard to explain to someone when they have no clue . It's a daily struggle feeling sick on the inside while you look fine on the outside . Please put this as your status for at least 1 hour if you or someone you know has an invisible illness ( Endometriosis , Anxiety , Bipolar , P.T.S.D. , Lupus , Fibromyalgia , Crohns , Diabetes , Arthritis , Epilepsy , MS , Depression , Celiac , etc . ) . 
: Thankful tonight that my precious family is safe . Praying for those that have experienced destruction :( 
: Reflecting on my almost one year anniversary to 3 West today .... I am blessed with amazing nurses who I get to call friends <3 
Why can't I sleep ?!?! Been wide awake ALL night ! It might be because I am home alone or it might be because someone knocked on my door around 2 am which didn't help . Grrrr ..... 
: I am SO glad the hubs gets back tomorrow .... I might just be going a wee be crazy here . Not hearing his voice or knowing what he is doing since Tuesday is killin ' me !!!! :( 
: Everyday I am thankful for the tough but gentle , strong but humble and godly men in my life . Love you daddy , papaw , and my father in-law ! 
Thanks sweet friends and family for the birthday wishes ! It was a wonderful day ! 
: My male neighbor , across the street , was completely naked standing on his front porch . I am never getting the mail again . 
: Lucky me , I get sweet notes everyday to open till the husband comes home Saturday ! So sweet <3 
Psalm 30:2 \ 
2 O Lord my God , I cried to you for help , and you have healed me . #Bible http://j.mp/epNcni 
: Watching The Notebook ..... oh goodness <3 
: A full day with my < PROPFIRST > Bain ! <3 Waffles , pjs , movies ..... I've waited all week for this day ;) 
“Come to me , all you who are weary and burdened , and I will give you rest . Take my yoke upon you and learn from me , for I am gentle and humble in heart , and you will find rest for your souls . For my yoke is easy and my burden is light . ” < PROPFIRST > 11:28 -30 
I wish I had someone to watch the Glee 3D movie with <3 
Happy Birthday to < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Barnard ! The best 6 year old I know ! <3 
: I have to say , this week I was extremely proud to be a Nurse and to be where I am .... I <3 weeks like that and SO thankful for it ! I <3 my 3 West staff :) 
Mmmm , Panera , how I have missed you !! <3 
Overwhelming sadness on this day of remembrance . Jesus , bring peace today . 
Ok , the new StateFarm commercial seriously awesome . Has anyone else seen it ? Love it . God bless < PROPFEMALE > <3 
\But I will sing of your strength ; I will sing aloud of your steadfast love in the morning . For you have been to me a fortress and a refuge in the day of my distress . \ " Psalm 59:16 " 
: Love award shows < 3 
Thank you < PROPFIRST > Bain for always taking care of me , even when its not pretty ;) <3 
