Had such a fatastic Mother's day , thanks to fantastic kids . 

Today is my # 1 Son's birthday . What better than to wish him a Fantastic birthday than on Facebook . I love u son .... from the MOM 
Having a heck of a time on typing maniac . Tried to play three times and my keystrokes didn't show up . Just like I turned on the game and sat and watched as absolutely nothing happened . And before that , I had to refresh the < PROPFEMALE > to start a new game and my new score would not show up . Very dissapointing ..... 
A great big HAPPY BIRTHDAY to my very good friend < PROPFEMALE > MANULELEUA-TAFUA ........ 
You know < PROPFEMALE > that the people with the most birthdays , live a longer life ;;; lol 
Saw same relatives from way way back at the MAEP Ged graduation ceremonies today and thought it would be easy to find them on facebook , but not having a lot of luck . Names are < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > Gomez . < PROPFEMALE > and my son both graduated today , and neither was aware of the other . I want to keep in touch . < PROPFEMALE>'s son < PROPFIRST > was also there . Any help would be appreciated . 
Had a great time this afternoon at the MAEP GED graduate ceremony in San < PROPFIRST > today . Hey < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > Gomez get in touch w/me here on facebook . Can't find you . Congratulations < PROPFIRST > & < PROPFEMALE > on your accomplishments . 
Having so much work done on the place where I live , can't hardly take the stress it causes me . 
I put this silly doorbell up and thought it was kind of cute . I had to bribe the person who rang it ( not really ) . Guess it wasn't as cute as I thought 
My < PROPFEMALE > tree in frontierville is going to wilt cause I can't get any energy . I'm holding up a sign \will work for food\ " as I speak ....................................... " 
Watched the ESPYs tonight and < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > was on speaking about his fight against Cancer . Does anyone else out there think he looks like < PROPFIRST > Lithgow ? I think they could be brothers . 
Just wanted everyone to know that I have an awesome grandaughter . Actually more than one . They make me smile and appreciate life every day . Everyone should have at least 2 of them . Grandsons are pretty special too , especially mine , and so talented too . Here's to you < PROPMALE > . And special hellos to < PROPFEMALE > and Alexamdria . 
Went to see Inception today . Highly recommend it . Lots of action and of course there is < PROPMALE > . You get your money's worth with this one . 
Virus coming thru keep a watch out everyone 
Children with special needs don't have an illness , so they are not contagious . They want what we all want - to be accepted . Most of you probably won't copy and paste this , but will you do it and leave it on your status for at least one hour ? 
Einstein said : I never failed , I just found thousands of ways that didn't work 
\Pleasure on the job puts perfection in the work\ " can u believe that's a quote from Aristotle ? Luv that one " 
Today the mind is a blank , totally open to new experiences 
It's like totally open to suggestions today 
This is my BC Big Boi , looking out the window trying to find his squirrel buddies . 
It's Saturday , and I am actually off today . Back to work tomorrow for 3 days , then off for 1 more . What can I say . 
Now it's Sunday wqrk for 2 more days then get a day off , yeaaaaaa 
Work is spelled work , not wqrk , but it means the same thing . 
2 more days of work and then another day off , yeaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa 
Today , a day of leisure , then back to work tomorrow 
Going to catch some z's I hope . Tomorrow looms in the near future . A new start . So for now its goodnight all . Catch you in the am . 
It is a beautiful day today , sun shining and all is right with the world . 
Well , I guess its off to bed , catch a few z's . Talk and play tomorrow . 
Went to see The Other Guys and it was hella funny , a great comedy . Don't miss it if you want to laugh your ass off . 
Here's a thought : We are all just spirits going through the human experience . Roll that one around in your head for awhile . 
Today is a good day ! 
Today is freaky friday the 13th my friends . What will Walmart have in store for me today ? In a couple of hrs I will find out . Wish me a good day PLEASE . Thank you . 
Day off , day off , whatever's clever . To quote someone close to me \I've got things to do \"" 
Going to the show today , going to see Dinnerfor Schmucks 
It's a beautiful day and I am going to take advantage of it . 
Just wanted everyone out there to know today is my awesome grandson < PROPMALE > MATA's birthday . I love you < PROPMALE > . Keep drumming !!!!!!!! Happy Birthday to YOU ! 
Well , today is my actual friday and my Walmart friday . Happy happy joy joy everyone . Have a great , wonderful , exciting , exhilerating , friggin Friday !!!!!!!!!!! 
I'm a Baller on a budget ! Just thought I'd throw that out there . Happy Monday everyone . 
I think the earth is flat . Who's with me ? 
Off to work . whoopeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee ! Check back in after 10 . 
One more day and I get a day off !!!!!!!!!!!!!! Welcome to Walmart everyone . 
Dream as if you'll live forever , live as if you'll die today ! 
Got to get ready for work , ugh ! Cheers to anyone who does NOT have to work , and give us that do , a kind thought . Bye for now but not for later ! 
I need help . Would anyone know where I can buy cheap plane tickets ? I would really appreciate any help . Thank you ! 
Warm weather coming up . It's about time summer showed it's face . 
My puppy < PROPMALE > ran away on Farmville and there was a quic message and now I do not now how to get him bac , can someone tell me what to do ? Thanks to anyone who can give me some help ....... 
I need < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > back in my life , he is soooo like my son < PROPFIRST > 
Someone needs to tell me how to get my runaway puppy back on Farmville . He is sweetie named < PROPMALE > and I need to rescue him and get him back to the FARM . 
I am soooo happy . I have the best family on earth and in heaven . LUV all of you ! 
GO RAIDERS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
NEVER lie to someone who trusts you , and NEVER trust someone who lies to you ! 
We are all brothers under the skin . I , for one , would be willing to skin humanity to prove it . 
Taking advantage of the info offered on taking pictures of my dog 
I have the most awesome friends and family ..... Yea for me ! luv all of you . I am loving my life .. Hugs to all of you .!!!!!! 
Thank you friends and family for making this a fantastic birthday . Luv to every one of you . You are what life is all about . I luv all of you , especially those who went the extra step to make me feel so very special . AND , I got to keep the hat . lololol 
NEWGAME : Change your profile picture to your \ 
favorite cartoon from when you werea kid . The goal of this game is to \ 
not see a human picture on Facebook but an invasion of childhood \ 
memories until Monday . PLAY ANDPASS ALONG ! 
A beautiful lady on earth , and now one of God's special Angels . Loved and touched by everyone who knew her . I feel her hand on my shoulder telling me everyone will be ok . I sure miss her . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas , < PROPFEMALE > Christmas , < PROPFEMALE > Christmas , < PROPFEMALE > Christmas .......... 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS TO ALL AND TO ALL A VERY < PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS 
Had a ball today . Saw back to back flicks . Note : If you haven't seen Black Swan , make sure you do . It is a must see film . Bring with you an open mind . Never saw a movie like it . Me , my sis in law , and niece went to one flick , me , my sis in law and great nephew went to another . We also had a good lunch at Flames . What a way to make an early start to a New Year . Luv you < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > and esp you < PROPFIRST > . 
To my family and friends . Ring in the new year with love and best wishes to all . 2011 is going to be grand with all of you in my life . Happy New Year to everyone !! 
Good night , sleep tight ....................... 
Now I lay me down to sleep !!!!! 
Off to work soon . Remember : save money , live better . Shop Walmart ... lol 
Don't know how to cut and paste , but My Son holds my heart and I love him dearly . I < PROPFEMALE > each moment we have . Thank you Syl ........ 
Hi ho , hi ho , its off to work I go . The start of a new week . Yippee kayay mf ..... Everyone I know have a fantastic week , just like I plan to do . Luv ya all ................. 
They say everlasting friends can go long periods of time without speaking and never question the friendship . These types of friends pick up like they just spoke yesterday , regardless of how long it has been or how far away they live , and they don't hold grudges . They understand that life is busy , but you will ALWAYS LOVE them .... Re-post if you are blessed to have at least 1 of these friends in your life . 
Once upon a time there was a sweet , loving , shy , little girl whom everyone adored . One day she up and disappeared and left in her place was me ... deal with it . 
My mind is open to suggestions . This should be interesting 
Today is regular Friday , and my Walmart Wednesday . Happy both to all of you . 
It's my baby girl's birthday today ! Yippee Kayee ! The best in the world to you my daughter . Luv you soooo much ! Have an awesome day ! Wear your b'day shirt . LOL luv ....... the Mom 
Monday , monday , Walmart Monday !!!!! And off to work I go !!!!! Hi Ho Hi HO !!!!!!!! 
Today is my Grandaughter French's birthday . She is a whopping 14 yrs old and one of the world's most beautiful peoploe inside and out . Gamma loves you French . Have a wonderful day birthday < PROPFEMALE > !!!!!!!!!!! xoxoxoxoxoxxoxoxo 
2 more days of work . I will miss the Superbowl and that really sucks ! Thank you Walmart . I love my job !!! Go Packers !!!!! 
Yes , it is Walmart Wednesday my friends . Lets all cheer !!!!! Wednesday is here !!!!! 
I would like my Facebook friends to comment on this status , sharing how you met me . But I want you to LIE . That's right , just make it up . After you comment , copy this to your status , so I can do the same . I bet half won't read the instructions right ! 
Hey people out there , I need some more friends to play Cityville with . I am a great neighbor , and a good facebook friend . Come on , someone out there , and play this fun game with me . Pretty , pretty please . Thanking anyone who wants to do this in advance . Have a great day !!!!!!! 
Hi ho , hi ho ---- off to work I go !!!!! It's Walmart Thursday for me !!! 
It's finally freaky friday !!!!!!! YES YES YEA !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
It is my Monday today and raining . Yuck . Wish me luck and lots of it !!! 
Hi Ho Hi Ho , off to work I go !!!!!!!! 
Another day , another $ . 50 ......................................... 
Your greatest asset is your mind . Your greatest enemy is your mind . Go figure !!!!! 
Feed your head ! 
Good night sweetheart , it's time to go !!! 
Just want to say Happy Birthday to < PROPFEMALE > Marroquin !!!!! Have an awesome day sweetheart . 
Off to 5 Guys for dinner . Yummmm , best fries ever !! 
TO ALL MY FACEBOOK FRIENDS WHO LIKE TO EAT OUT PLEASE GO TO MY PROFILE AND READ MY REVIEW OF THE BOILING CRAB . Dinner sucked , but the company was AWESOME !!!!! 
I need factory worker in Cityvile . Can't get that function to work . Come join my factory Cityville people . Thank you . 
I did not recomend this link . Didn't even watch the \video \"" 
Strawberry 
Good night and good luck everyone . 
Off to work I go . Everyone have an awesome day . 
I recommend everyone go to the Outback Steakhouse in the Great Mall . Service like you could not find anywhere else . Oh , make sure you go there with a crazy family . The company can't be beat . What happens at Outback , stays at Outback . ( courtesy of < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > ) . smh 
Tucking it away for the evening . Wish everyone peace and happiness . Buenos noches mi amigos/amigas . 
