is cracking up over all the people on the east coast complaining about the rain 

is having heart palpitations from the 6 shot iced coffee she just knocked off . 
No one should die because they cannot afford health care , and no one should go broke because they get sick . If you agree , please post this as your status for the rest of the day . 
Thanks for all the b-day greetings , peeps ! :-) 
If you are in the USA text \HAITI\ " to 90999 to donate $10 to Red Cross relief efforts in Haiti . " 
.... if you & I woke up in jail together ... using only FOUR words ... what would you say to me ? Copy and paste this in your status and see what funny things your friends say .... ( And if you make a comment , you gotta put this in your status . Fair is fair . ) 
isn't feelin ' the new \homepage\ " layout " 
Fuck you , Hallmark . 
Sending out good thoughts and positive energy for the people of Chile and for everyone on the Hawaiian islands . 
My horoscope today says my mood is creative . If wanting to take a nap is creative , then I must be a god damn savant ! 
why does FB say my status update was at 10:11 last night when it was at 11:11 ? Doesn't FB recognize DST ? 
I'm fighting a terrible , viscious chocolate craving . Curse you , ovaries , curse you ! 
facebook on my tv ... crazy 
Oh , happy happy joy joy for 3 day weekends and pitchers of Hefeweizen ! 
thought the sky was blue this AM when she looked out & didn't see gray or rain falling from it . Turns out it's really white gray . ENOUGH W/THE RAIN , GOD ! Jeez ! 
I just looked up again and saw blue ! Thanks , God ! You're the man !!! ;) 
Thank you God , thank you for bringing sunshine today ! 
needs a Rock < PROPFEMALE > like nobody's business ... ugh 
Wishing the rain would just STOP and let us have summer already ! 
Fuck the fucking world & all the people who play you for a fucking chump . THAT'S what's on my mind , motherfuckers ! Fuck all the people who can't nut up ! Hahahah 
Ahhh .... a new day . 
Wishing I could fuckin fall asleep ! ( And stop saying ' fuck ' so much ) 
ROOOOOAAAAD TRIIIIP ! 
finds it ironic that you can't bring fruit into a state that has 600 mi of fwy that smells like NYC subway stations 
Sweet baby < PROPMALE > , just crossed back into Oregon . Woohoo ! 
Medford & Red Bull to the rescue ! 
wants to blow shit up 
Blistered sunburn ... ugh . 
Some road raging ass hole followed me for a good 20 < PROPMALE > today . Lost him by exiting the fwy the complete opposite direction from home . WTF is wrong w/people !? 
Time to uncomplicate things I guess 
ugh . 
3am photoshoot in downtown Portland . Gotta love Portland in the summer ! 
Totally and completely unmotivated to do anything today . Don't even want to get up to go pee . I hate days like that ! 
Feeling SUPREMELY bored . Would somebody PLEASE entertain me !? 
Suddenly I want Chinese food . Why doesn't the west coast believe in duck sauce ? Oh how I'd love a really good egg roll or spring roll with duck sauce . Sigh ... 
My body is at work but my mind is elsewhere ... 
WTF is TV Fanatic and why is it suddenly appearing on my wall ? What the hell ? 
So I'm reading up on the mosque near ground zero thing , & have mixed feelings . Then I read what REALLY throws me off ; probably the only thing Newt Gingrich has EVER said that I've agreed with ! \ 
\ Mr. Gingrich 
Finally getting that pedicure I've been wanting for like years . Pretty sure they're talking about me in Cambodian or something though . But it's SO worth it ! 
Bad dreams all night . I feel like I want to hide out from the world today . 
Okay so I've reconsidered and am willing to face the world . Sure would be better tho if someone could crack my upper back & give me a backrub ! 
What's on my mind ? Derma . Duh . 
Perseid meteor show starts tomorrow night . Gotta get lots of Rock Stars & go someplace dark & far away for the night , I'm NOT missing it this year ! 
Who's got a Canon ( or Canon DSLR compatible ) 50mm or 35mm lens they'll < PROPFEMALE > me for 24 hours ? 
Okay for real now , I really really need a Canon 50mm f/ 1.8 for tomorrow night ... anyone ? 
Patiently waiting for more meteors . Getting sleepy , camera battery getting low . Just want one good shot ! Maybe sunrise ? 
I think I'm becoming manic . Going on 43 hours awake , freakishly determined to get The Shot of the perseids 
< PROPFEMALE > pooped on the rug at 4 am and blamed it on Izzy . 
FINALLY went to Crater Lake ! Only took me 12 years to get there ! 
The horoscope thing keeps getting more interesting this week : A new colleague or neighbor and I turn out to work quite well together -- so it's a great time for joint projects . I'm supposed to offer one up if I don't already have something cooking , and see how it all goes . Looks like for sure I'll be rebuilding a deck on Saturday , since I offered it up this morning ! I guess that means I'm right on track ! 
Performance review at work today . Wonder if FBing from work will come up at all ? lol 
Performance review went great , had an awesome weekend with friends , time to quit while I'm ahead & get back to reality 
Last nt I dreamed there was a retired circus alligator walking near me . It was friendly but was still an alligator , so it's keepers cut its teeth so they were dull & wouldn't hurt people . I remember feeling scared ; I knew it could hurt me , but I also felt very sad for it because people screwed w/its nature by domesticating it & clipping its teeth too . I kept looking in its eyes , wondering if it was going to hurt me . 
Good bye , sunshine , thanks for the great week . See you next week . I hope . Eff you , stupid clouds ! 
Today's mantra : Fuck ' em with a < PROPMALE > garden weasel ! 
Today , I did not roll over and lie down . Today , I did not take It . Today , I bitch slapped the shit out of somebody who had it coming with my intellect , fierce determination and willpower . I just hope to hell it doesn't reverberate back to me—but if it does , hell will hath no fury like THIS bitch scorned ! 
Nothing . Nothing is on my mind except beer & cocktails . Woohoo ! 
Leave\ 
a 1 word comment that you think best describes me using the THIRD letter\ 
of YOUR first name . It can only be one word . Then copy and paste this \ 
on your wall , so I can leave a word about you ! 
it seems that the powers that be do NOT want me to be able to leave work early today !!! ARGH ! 
Um , it's 9:45 in BFE on I5 . And there's TRAPHIC !!! WTP !? 
Google , I think you're the best thing since the < PROPMALE > but your thoroughness & military precision PHREAKS ME THE PHUCK OUT ! 
The man burns tonight . I'm SO going to Burning Man next year . I must . 
I retract my statement about Google's accuracy . I missed my turn & am now in San < PROPFIRST > . Google says I'm in Idaho though . WTF !? This is gonna get interesting 
Sweet babymoses , I have rejoined I5 . I now have a full tank of gas & a fresh cup of ice for the MONSTERRRRRRRRR I stole from < PROPMALE > . I am armed & ready now ! 
God damn I can't wait to be home ! 
9:00 went great and I phuckin ROCKED IT HARD !!! 
I can't believe Gen is SIX EPHIN TEEN today ! It really does seem like it was just yesterday that I was carrying her 3 year old little self around on my hip ... 
Arrrrrgh I can't SLEEP !!! 
Today < PROPFIRST > Negherbon wished me a happy 5771 Year of the Brisket . LMFAO . For real . Brilliant ! Bwahahahaha ! 
wishes she could take a pressure washer to her brain or find the fucking reset button . 
Still looking for that reset button ... considering sandblasting instead of pressure washing . 
If it were any more humid here today , I'd need a snorkel . WTF !? This seriously rivals the east 
Dear Vizio people : Thank you so much for the gift of WiFi magically in my TV & the fabulous Widgets . Dear Pandora People : I LOVE YOU !!!! Your technology adds to my quality of life ! 
Sunset ! Woohoo ! 
My kingdom for a Gatorade right about now 
It's 11:11 
Totally POURING outside , but only in the front yard , not the back . I see blue sky & puffy clouds up the street , too . Ahh , autumn in Portland . 
Last full day of summer ... good bye , summer . Thanks for coming ( such that it was here ) , drop by any time ! 
Why , oh WHY can't I get back to sleep ! 4am is so gay . Hahaha 
Best wedding rehearsal dinner EVAR ! Not much rehearsing LOL ! Thanks < PROPFEMALE > , Renzo & < PROPFIRST > , & thx < PROPFEMALE > for the best talk we've had in ages . Total catharsis . :-) 
< PROPFEMALE > , crisp air , bright blue autumn day . Perfect day for a wedding . Game on , Moore-Gonsalves ! 
almost recovered ... man , partying sll night sure gets tougher as you get older . poop . 
Nobody tries to carjack me and gets away with it . Nobody . Don't MESS with my Celica ! \ 
http://www.thenewstribune.com/2010/09/25/1356064/vancouver-female-driver-foils.html 
Does anyone ( local to me ) have a Verizon phone they don't need , that they'd be willing to give me for free ? I need it for my friend's son so she can get a hold of her kids during the day ! 
Redux . \ 
Does\ 
anyone ( local to me ) have a Verizon phone they don't need , that they'd \ 
be willing to give me for free ? I need it for my friend's son so she can\ 
get a hold of her kids during the day ! Thanks ! 
Emptying the dishwasher should not be a task that evokes SWEAT . Eff this weird ass humidity ! Argh ! 
Of course by \evokes\ " I mean \ " induces\ " . Muh bad . " 
posting status updates from my tv . I think I've reached a new low . 
Dear God : it's 5:46 am and I've been awake for half an hour . You KNOW that's not how I roll ! Why have you forsaken me like this ? 
Canadian Bacon : neither Canadian , nor Bacon . Discuss . 
It ain't me , it ain't me , I ain't no military son ... it ain't me , it ain't me , I ain't no fortunate sonnnnn 
It's autumn in Portland today . The way fall SHOULD be . 
is thankful to babymoses for gifting me with the crossword while she sits hostage at the pharmacy . 
thinks she might still be drunk from last night . WTF . 
is trapped in a mini < PROPFIRST > with screaming women and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > blaring at me to turn around , bright eyes . FML . 
wishes a beer would magically appear before her . 
Everyone change your profile pictureto one taken in the 1980s . Be a good laugh to see how much we've changed ... for the worse ... or the better ! Change your picture and repost this . 
is ready to go see some hot bitches on skates beat the shit out of each other . Life is good . 
I've been up for like an hour and a half . Why is it that I can get up at 7:00 on a Saturday when I don't need to , but I can't seem to do that during the week when I do ? 
is making macaroni & cheese on account of no one bringing her a chicken pot pie and a PBR , preferably barefoot . 
is back from an AMAZING weekend & feels like a whole new woman 
would like a Philly roll , Cali roll , tuna roll & miso soup to magically appear before her now , please ... 
There's a marching band trudging across the inside of my skull in stilettos . Thank , mystery red wine , Jenga and < PROPFEMALE > ! < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ! 
is craaaaazy hungry ! 
is actually eating fruit . 
is gleefully watching Jeopardy and binging on leftovers . Weeeeeee ! 
I need to find a forever home for < PROPFEMALE > ; one w/property or a fenced yard . I rescued her , having been dumped in the woods , & have given her tons of love . She's now happy , sweet & loving , eager to please . It's time for her to have the life she deserves . She's a Red Heeler , app 1 1/2 , spayed , chipped & current . Great w/kids , dogs , cats . I'm willing to travel up to 250mi for the right FOREVER home . 
I want to run , I want to hide . I want to tear down the walls that hold me inside . 
wants to know who knows somebody who knows somebody who will replace my windshield STAT for the smallest amount of $$ possible for a really nice yet really BROKE lady whose stupid insurance DOESN'T WAIVE THE DEDUCTIBLE FOR WINDSHIELD REPLACEMENT !!! 
Peanut butter & jelly , and then sleep time , and 5 days off that I get to spend with an amazing woman . Doesn't get much better than that . 
Steen Davidson-Frost Let's do this thang ! 
Home improvement tip #436 : simply putting clothes in the dryer isn't enough . One must depress the Start button in order to maximize a dryer's efficiency and to ensure clothes are adequately dried in a practical and sufficient amount of time . 
Happy Thanksgiving to all of my friends ! I love , value & am thankful for all of you . Now I'm off to Bend to meet \complicated\ " relatives and eat turkey ! I'm also thankful for wine :) " 
Lounging on the couch with < PROPFEMALE > , post Thanksgiving omelette . SNL marathon on Hulu . Gorgeous woman just pulled up in the driveway . Life is good . 
Every return to reality seems to wear my < PROPFEMALE > thinner and thinner . Time to change my reality . 
never was a cornflake girl . 
is turning Japanese turning Japanese turning Japanese , I really think so . 
feels unbelievably happy right now . Life is good ... damn good . 
is wondering what that blue shit is up in the sky over Portland ... 
Today I awoke to a dark night sky that is turning blue , as opposed to gray , as the sun comes up . It's gonna be a great day ! 
< PROPFIRST > O'Neill Here's your snow , lady !!! And it's coming down again . Not sure what the official report is , but it looks to be about a good foot of snow . ( Maybe I should've taken last night's winding up at the Goodfoot as an omen lol ) 
Dear Xmas Drivers Trying to Park \Closer\ " with No Regard to Other Traffic or Pedestrians 
Dear Xmas Drivers Trying to Park \Closer\ " with No Regard for Other Cars or Pedestrians 
Vodka+OJ+cyan+fucking AWESOME girlfriend+her BFF+DISCO WII = holy shit I'm old & drunk but this is FUNNNN ! 
Happy festivus , everyone ! I hope it brings you peace , joy , happiness and love . 
woke up to an amazingly blue sky , mimosas , bkfast & Resident Evil . Sushi later , then New Year's festivus action . Incredible way to spend the last day of 2010 ! 
Dear Work : PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE pay whatever EFFING < PROPMALE > needs to be paid SO WE CAN HAVE HEAT AT WORK AGAIN . Kthxbye 
thinks it's time to seriously figure out her next tattoo . This is getting ridiculous already . 
I WILL send something handmade to the first 5 people who leave a comment here ! They must in turn post this and send something they make to the first 5 people who comment on their status . The rules are that it must be handmade by you and it must be sent to your 5 people sometime in 2011 . 
\I love buttsauce . \ " ~ < PROPFEMALE > D . Morrigan " 
thinks it's an Oregon state holiday or something ... there's an eerie silence out there ... 
is listening to the best 80s Pandora station EVAR !!!! Thanks , Steen Davidson-Frost 
Helloooooo , drunken Scrabble ! Goodbyeeee winning streak . :/ 
A man breathes into a saxaphone ; and through the walls you hear the city groan . Outside it's < PROPFEMALE > . Outside it's < PROPFEMALE > ... 
25th Anniversary of the Challenger explosion . Damn I'm getting old . 
I am the highway ... 
I'm on my 2nd pb&j , roughly 9th episode of Arrested Development & 3rd glass of chocolate milk . PMS & insomnia = lethal combo . Tomorrow's gonna be a rough day . 
I want all my Facebook friends to please , comment on how you met me . But I want you to lie . That's right . Just make stuff up . After you comment , copy this to your status so I can do the same . 
doesn't know about the rest of < PROPFEMALE > , but being WAY full of nachos has me acutely aware of the lack of Rolaids commercials 
Brooklyn peeps ! Wondering if any of you know/have been to Night of Joy in Williamsburg ? 
is really really snowed in without electricity , which is seriously impeding the \work remotely\ " process . " 
Eff you , pouring sleet . Up yours . 
¡Tengo hambre ! 
is over it all . Fuckit ! Bwahahaha ! 
We are not on this earth to see through one another , but to see one another through . 
had finally succumbed to the ailing economy , and is officially unemployed . 
wants a hamburger something FIERCE . 
Easy Listening covers of 80s songs makes me feel stabby . 
can't wait till summer ! 
