say Happy New Year !! 

I am going to Texas next week :) 
is ready to leave for Texas tomorrow morning . 
is in < PROPFIRST > now . 
is back in < PROPFEMALE > ! 
is going insane doing all her school work !! 
has moved back to < PROPFIRST > . 
has a new neice , she was born yesterday ! 
misses all HRA students in < PROPFEMALE > ! 
says < PROPFEMALE > Christmas and Happy holiday to everyone !! 
has been sick this whole weekend . darn 
Okay , I'll play along . It's Doppelgänger Week so change your profile picture to someone famous ( actor , musician , athlete , etc . ) that you have been told you look like . After you update your profile with the photo , cut/paste this to your status . I did the celebrity look alike thingy and it says I look 90 percent like her in the face . Hey people I know I am so much fatter than her okay ! 
Childrenwith\ 
special needs don't have an illness , so there is no cure and it's not\ 
contagious . They want what we all want -- to be(loved and accepted . Most\ 
people won't copy and paste this . But will YOU do it and leave it on\ 
your status for at least an hour ? It's Special Education ...... week , ...... and\ 
this is in honor of all the kids . 
got a new haircut today . 
is glad to be over food poisoning , but feels grumpy for some reason . 
is overflowing with exhaustion !!! 
wonders why people have to put down others in order to make their selves feel better . Especially someone's own mother . I know that is something I do not need to waste my energy on , just move and let it go . 
is catching up on Criminal Minds . Just watched the premier of season 6 and was crying like a baby . I love that show !! 
I like it on top of the tv entertainment system ! 
is about to head out to my nieces 1st b-day party ... I loves the Baby !!! <3 
It is funny how watching a tv show can make you catharsis . I am watching October Road for the first time and can certainly relate to the show . 
got only 2 hours of sleep again . This no sleep thing needs to stop ! 
is cleaning ... hey not complaining because it could be worse as in not having a home to clean . 
is excited to start her new job tomorrow sick of having no job or temp jobs . 
had a decent day at my new job ! 
is thankful for the 4 day weekend getting to see all three nieces tomorrow woohoo and get to eat good food tomorrow as well . 
Happy Turkey Day everyone !!! I hope it's a good day for you all . 
needs a laugh tell me a joke ... Heck it can be at my expense . 
Change your FB profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? Tonot see a human face on FB until Monday , December 6th . Join the fightagainst child abuse , copy & paste to your status and inviteyour friends to do the < PROPFIRST > 
wishes her mother would be an adult !! 
12345678910 you are an amazing girl who I truly miss and wished I lived near . You are also funny and a neat freak , but I need you to be a neat freak around me to keep me organized . 
is ready for tomorrow to be over and is ready to < PROPFEMALE > out with my nieces on Saturday . 
needs a stone massage ... stat ! 
