Falling into slumber upon a bed of roses , what will become\ 
of us ?.. With no warning could come The Darkness swallowing\ 
us , taking us down into the very bowels of the earth ! Fire and brimstone exploding , bringing in its wake a wave of vibrant energy that radiates all around seeped in the torment and suffering of the Damned and the Dead .. What ever\ 
would we do then ?.. Awake screaming in our minds , or forever slumber ? 

Let the fun begin ... corvallis here i come .. 
BEST FIRST WORK DAY EVER !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! well best time span spent in a day in a long time that was amazing . however the day ended shitty as fuck after a nice drive home to nothing but bulshit with my most recent ex , and yes im going to say that . it was bullshit and the evening was completely shot . 
YAY for the snowball effect ! lets fuck everything up and then continue to fuck up ! again , and again , and again , and again . and when its all said and done there nothing left but a giant puddle of melted fucked up shit that cant be picked up put back together , or be how it was before it started its journey down the hill . some understand some dont , those who understand are supportive , other think im too much 
I LOVE WORK !!!! i dont love driving home to < PROPFIRST > to go get my dog go home and by the time im there go to bed wake up and do it again . i need to live closer to work the an 80 mile round trip ! aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhh i love where i live now . 
NomNomNom .... 
hasnt been that drunk in a while .... i forgot how it feels the next day , and why i dont drink much to begin with . 
im fuckiing donedsdaljkfhb ; skdh gu ...... your being a douche , and you know who you are . 
wow whos the asshole , i am . yep im ready to admit im a selfish prick who is rude and pushy and over thinks everything to do with myself . i have issues and i use them as an excuse to not be better , i let my problems hold me back , and im sick of it . so there you now all know im fucked up yet i dont change anything about it cause its easier to be a lame selfindugent asshole . im ready to now though . im done with myself . 
aperently theres an emo < PROPMALE > in my mouth so im gonna bite it off . 
im ready to get suspended again ... i want that feeling 
NOMNOMnomNOmNOmnoOmonMOnom ...... sleeeep ! 
FUCK SHOES !... since my feet got tattoed i feel like i have been waering shoes constanly unless im sleeping ... 
im off to see the wizard ..... 
that shit took me back to when i was 8 ..... 
it feels oh so very nice to have a night without doyl around , i love that dog to death but a break is needed . 
uhg .... i cant sleep , the minds keeps going , and going , and going ...... 
as soon as i find the cable to plug my phone into the computer i will be putting about 800 photos up .... 
found the cord now the fun begins ... 
* gruble , grumble , grumble * darn technology .. destroying my master plans ... like aways ... im having issues ill get them up when i fix it .... 
NOMnomNomNOMNOmNOMnomnomNOM ...... cookie ........ Nomnomnom ....... Brains ? 
whatever i steped on last night when i was bare foot is kicking my foots ass right now .... 
damn getting your chest tattooed hurts more than i thought it would .. dont get me wrong i didnt expect it not to hurt ... but damn . the sternum sucks .. 
i have now locked my keys in the car 10 time in one year ... and twice it was in another state . and yes i have one of those hide a key things , they dont help though if you dont put the key back when your done !.. and believe it or not i find it funny as hell that i keep doing this . 
what a wonderful day in the neighborhood .. 
i got a panda , i got a panda , i got a panda today hey hey ! * dances * 
my panda is sore .... 
OMMM NOM NOM .... NOMNOMnomnomNOMNOMnomNOM ... tastes like chiken ..... 
:p 
yay ..... fireworks .... 
morning world .. coffee says hello 
more chest work today !.... this will be exciting . 
tattoos feel so good the morning after ... thank you oh so very much < PROPFEMALE > for your contribution to my body of < PROPMALE > . i feel much more complete now 
life is good . 
WOOT ! STRIP CLUB !!!!!! 
having two retarded dogs is like ... twice as much fun !.... chows ... * shakes head * 
My lovely lady has left and taken the unborn child/children with her ... and i go to a therapist to be able to ever see them . let the rollor coaster begin ! im ready for it . 
dude the nanny is on tv land now ! holy shit , i hope i see the lady abi did at the dog park who sounded just like her ! 
wishes his love the best and knows she can get through anything . 
i love my dogs even if the are seriously retarded ... liuke chows .. though i = one is part chow thats not the point there fucking retarded and amazing ! i wouldnt change them for the world . \ 
\ 
good luck < PROPFEMALE > . <3 
another day in the neigborhood ... 
Hey babe !! Your coloring on < PROPFEMALE > so im sending you secret messages via yourself .... muahahahaha !! Ok so im prettyy baked right now ... not even gonna lie ... Anywho . Just wanted you to know I love you , more than I can even say <3 Cant wait to curl up with you tonight :) <3 * handthing * Byeeeeeee !!! 
hahahahahahahahahahahaha ........ old women ... are the best ! what a shame god gives men all the best hair ... lol hahahahahahahahaha 
where to go next , what to do , what to say . i dont claim to be perfect , i dont think im ok . i hurt , i ace , i scream , and i yell . and yet i seem to continue , onward , around and around . no purpose , no gain , no < PROPFIRST > left that will forever be remembered . 
take few steps forward fall down on face , take 2 steps back , take 1 step forward and see what happens from there 
Hi , im < PROPFIRST > , i have anxeity , anger/frustration issues , three great dogs named D , Reptar , and 1st alert . anyone care to join me to walk my dogs or get a coffee ? 
cut me , burn me , hook me , tear into my flesh and break me . learn to live .. start from the begining . 
i could say that today has been an amazing day ... could you ? 
New phone ! 
I'm walking in the clouds holding the hand of an angel in my dreams ! 
I just want all my physical pain to go away , this cold is killer on me 
Fuck dogs .... 
I retract my previous statement about dogs ... I'm not into the whole animal sex thing .... however I hate it when they eat your shoes , or beer cozy ... 
I'll tell you what's on my mind ! March 11th ! The annual body mod show at < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST>'s! Everyone wants to see gladiators and slaves bleed ! 
I want my pixie .. 
Blood and gore ! The roar of the crowd , the sand beneath your feet , the final blow ! < PROPFEMALE > ! These things are what gladiators dream of ! Live it @ < PROPFIRST > henrys 3-11 
HahahahahHaa ..... lol ... that was awesome .... 1st alert just fell off the bed cause she stretched out in her sleep ... 
I totally forgot < PROPMALE > Campbell was in escape from L.A. nothing says your having a good night like watching shit movies and eating Bacon bean & cheese burritos 
Don't be a passenger when it comes to your life , take the wheel and drive . 
Pain . 
I just want to be naked for a while .. 
Had a great lunch out and now home for naked laundry and cleaning ! Woot ! 
If you always save the best for last who's to say you'll get to enjoy it before the end . 
What's on my mind is loss , struggle , pain , love , torment , self exploration , understanding , and finally .. being alone in my kind till the end of time 
< PROPFIRST > henrys ! 9pm tonight ! Night of the titans ! Hpp 9 annual body mod show .. come see the blood , hear he screams , and potentially win a prize ! 1000$ in prizes ! 
It's cold ... I want hot cocoa ...... and a unicorn .. 
Magic the gathering and zombie ... its a wonderful day in he neighbor hood . 
One of these days ill let my body heal .. so much to do , so little time . 
:) I wish some of you could see how fake that is . 
Release from my body , the constraints of the flesh , that of my evermoving mind . This is what I long for . To let go of a burden upon my heart . To be free , to be . 
Holy shit the view ... Im digging being in Newport 
Life is more than good with a great dog by your side a few 22oz's and awesome people at the coast . 
Be true to yourself 
I first thought Ide get home today eat sleep and be done .. nope shower , eat , run ! Then sleep .. 
Chronic pain + dogs that don't sleep+ a brain that never shuts off = yet another wonderful night .. and staring at a computer screen probably isn't going to help any . 
Food , sleep , and doctor dredfull .. what ever happened to making really shity < PROPFEMALE > with a fake laboratory ? That's what's on my mind ... that and tattoos . So much to finish . And suspension .. I want to fly soon . 
i need out . 
Im out of here . I'm losing my mind saying I'm sorry in my head to someone that will never listen . I will see you at the < PROPFEMALE > love . 
I'm here , not there . Though what is anywhere compared to home . Home is where the heart is , mine is missing . It's good to be back in cali . 
Fuck vomiting , Fuck driving long distances , and especially Fuck both at once . Can't wait for a cold beer and to watch 6 dogs be retarded .. party on 
< PROPFEMALE > Spears was married for 55 hours . I can marry divorce and get engaged to the same woman if I want . 
