estoy enferma :( 

this is some straight crap 
i need to let it all go 
I'M SO FRICKEN BORED !!!!!!! 
can't wait to eat this spaghetti !!!!!!!!!!! go me !!!!! 
I don't to Freakin READ THE FREAKIN CRAP ! lol 
is thinking this dude is like friggin psycho .... bout like me ! 
is puzzled ........ 
sometimes i wish i could just start over 
You are your biggest critic but youre also your biggest fan ... 
sometimes i wonder how i can be surrounded by people and yet still feel so alone 
i feel like going in a field of cows and shooting all of them down .... 
is just taking it day by day ... really thats all I can do 
Is kinda angry that my mf sandwich tasted like cold garbage !! 
I'm having a great day today ! ;) 
The superbowl was some CRAP ! I HATE THE FREAKIN SAINTS !! LOL 
i am really really tired 
I'm on the pursuit of happiness and I know everything that shine ain't always gonna be gold .... 
is happy for no reason ha ! :) 
is wondering if i'm ever gonna find someone that really likes me for me 
:) 
I FREAKIN LOVE SHRIMP FETTUCINI WITH ALL MY FREAKIN HEART !!!!!! 
WHY'D YOU HAVE TO GO AND MAKE THINGS SO COMPLICATEDDDDDDDDD !!!!! 
me siento muy mal :( 
I GET IT IN !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
My head hurts so freakin much right now :( Yo Tengo < PROPFEMALE > dolor de cabeza !!!!! 
watagatapitusberry !!!!!!! 
Is just extremely happy right now for once ..... funny how the timing of everything :) 
I am walking on air right now and I hope I don't fall anytime soon :) 
words can not explain how you make me feel sweetie , you've left me speechless :) 
Is so happy spring break is here 
I'm soooooooooooo freakin hungry ! 
These last two days have been somthin else , I been acting a freakin fool !!!!!!!!!!!! lol 
is about to like rape some spaghetti lol 
is ready for friday !! YAY ! 
I'm living good and carefree !!!!! 
sto stop stop talkin bout blah blah blah !!!! 
wishes i could see you more often ............ 
i do not want to do this speech tmrw nor take that stupid computer test ! I'M ANGRY NOW !!! ROAR !!!!!! 
can't wait for tmrw !!!!!!!!!!!!! he he he !!! 
Buenos Dias !!! :) 
i got 2 test .... one of them is gonna have to be sacrificed lol 
i wish i could just go somewhere far away right now 
Shrimp juice !!!! lmao !!! 
Tengo hambre 
Its sure it a perrrrty day !!! 
on the radio oh oh ohhhhhhhhhh !!! 
feels very alone right now ....... 
is confused and frustrated and about to just freaking give up ! 
wants something sweet to eat right now 
Si creemos en nosotros todo es posible !!!!!! es la verdad !!!! :) 
just had a great workout I don't feel so darn fat anymore ! :) 
all these freakin projects omg !! i will be glad when I graduate 
MR MIYAGI MR MIYAGI WAX ON WAX OFF !!! 
is like whatever ... 
is happy to be off work and relaxing 
is really happy ! :) 
almost there sigue tratando courtney ... yes sometimes i have to talk to myself lol jk 
i hope i do not I repeat do not have to take my american lit exam !!! 
is happy cause i'm about to eat a freaking happy hamburger !!!! hehehehe !! 
does not feel good at all , thank goodness i'm home 
like my head is going to bust n lava is going to come pouring out of it ......... 
thank goodness thats finally over ! yay fun time now !!!! 
Hello everyone !!!!!!!! 
YES FINALLY !!!!!! ESTOY FELIZ !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! YAY !!!!!!!!!! 
tengo que decir ........... 
friday is almost here yay !!!! 
I'm a hungry lil monster !!!! 
finally got a degree :) 
my cousin < PROPFEMALE > is a retard everyone lol :) 
just had a really really really good workout ! 
my tooth hurts it feels like its about to pop out :( 
is so freaking hot right now oh my freaking gosh !!! 
if you ask me i'm ready ........ 
El ultimo beso ... i absolutely love that song !!!!! 
i wonder how i'd look at 115 llbs ... 
I'm sooooooo friggin proud of myself !!!!!!!!!!! :)))) 
gotta do what i gotta do ! 
needs something to eat ........ 
I only want one night together in your arms 
i hate washing my hair !!! 
had fun today ! :) 
tengo < PROPFEMALE > dolor de estomago :( 
funny how the timing of everything plays out sometimes 
Buenos dias a todos ! 
< PROPFEMALE > lloviendo 
is in love with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
Bet I Bust !!! 
what to do what to do ........ 
is like freaking frustated right now 
Is hungry 
okay youre a goon but whats a goon to a goblin muahahaa 
get outta your mind hey hey hey get outta your mind ! 
wait i'm coming undone wait i'm starting to suffocate 
like i'm hungry but i cant eat cuz its too freakin late ! dangit ! 
why are these random men in my driveway ? 
listening to < PROPFIRST > mayer heartbreak warfare .... loooooooves this song 
i could really use a wish right , a wish right now , a wish right now .... 
is contemplating ............. 
is still hopeful ....... i want a capri sun right now lol 
hace mucho calor 
dance in the darrrrrrrrrrkk !! 
is just wondering .......... 
i was wondering if maybe we could something crazy 
im talking to a psycho on the phone right now hahahaha ! 
just had a good home cooked meal , that i helped prepare , i feel good about myself right about now muahahahhaha :) 
you think youre cooler than me ! 
tu no sabes que tanto 
Had lots n lots of fun last night !!! 
..... and if my life is like the dust that hides the glow of a rose ... what good am i ... 
my back is hurting so bad right now :( 
tengo < PROPFEMALE > dolor de cabeza 
is just a lil bit ummm angry 
Im so happy i figure it out !!! 
I feel a lot lot better now :) 
could you buy me a day in your life ..... so mama says that im beautiful , and that im lovely the way i am , but if i am so sweet , why wont life just give me , what you have 
da da money is the motive 
Yay there's a marathon of House on !!!! JAJAJAJAJA ! 
tengo hambre < PROPFEMALE > poco 
............ 
ahhhhhh i think im loosin it i think im loosin it i think im loosin im loosin my mind i don't know what to do .......... 
eating my favorite , pork ramen noodles !!! yay !! 
LOS LIDERES ! 
I just had the best freaking nap EVERRRRRRRRR !!!!!!!! HA HA HA HA ! 
im wide awake !!!!!!!!!!!! ahhhhhhhh !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
no te entiendo a veces , te quiero pero no te quiero , ay dios mio 
lovin maroon 5's song misery WHY WONT YOU ANSWER ME !!!! 
oh oh oh oh oh ooo my GOSH ! 
lets have some fun this beat is sick i wanna take a ride on ur diso stick LETS PLAY A LOVE PLAVE A LOVE GAME DO U WANT LOVE DO YA WANT FAME 
i feel kinda queezy 
look into my eyes and tell me wht you see 
siguelo siguelo bailando mi < PROPFEMALE > me encanta la forma como te menas 
yall follow me on twitter at http://twitter.com/Yellachika n ill follow ya back 
yall please follow me on twitter 
i feel strong RAHHHHHHHH !!! EAT SOME STEAK LIFT SOME WEIGHTS LEVITATE ! 
Shuba yeah shuba yeah 
Ahhhhhh real monsters !! 
i have no car until friday , im going to loose my freaking mind and set someone or something on fire ..... 
HAR HAR HAR HAR HAR WHERE'S ME BOTTLE OF RUM !!?? 
no te amara tonto , tonto , tonto , tontoooooooo ! 
i see u watching me , u see me watching u .... come on over here 
go get high go get high go get high ! 
is like whatever !!! 
just breathe .... another day ... just breathe 
slippin through my fingers 
wht tha am i gonna do tmw ? hmmmm perhaps set something on fire , or perhaps take a stroll in the park , idk muahahahahahaha !! 
is kinda tired ... i been up since 4 this morning ... whts wrong with me lol 
i hope we have something good to eat tonight cuz im starving !! 
i painted my nails black ... i hope people don't think im gothic or anything 
im glad my internet back up ! yay ! IM SO HAPPY IMMA GUMMY BEAR GUMMY BEAR !!! RAH ! 
WAKE UP ! Y DON'T U PUT ON A LIL MAKEUP ! 
My parents are gonna be very pleased at wht me n my sister got them for their 20th anniversary !! 
Ive had a very interesting day lol :) 
i need somebody to loveeeeeeeeeeee ! 
its been a long day yall ... now its time to relax MUAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA ! 
i need a massage bad and a glass of coke 
umm okay why am i feeling sooo like weird n stuff ??? 
is smiling right about now :) actually blushing to tehehehehehehe 
is like okay whatver .... 
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh ! te amo tanto ! 
office depot customers were off cuttin up today .... its been a rough day yall 
te necesito , te quiero , y te amo 
its kinda chilly no ? 
I know im late .. but thanks for all the happy bday's!!! MUAHAHAHAHA ! 
i think my wisdom teeth are finally growing in .. n i don't like it ONE FRIKKIN BIT ! 
Yo tengo < PROPFEMALE > problema ..... y yo no se por que ..... 
i wish you'd stop talkin to me like you crazy .... 
is smilin right now cuz im wit u even though we not even doin nothin lol 
I wonder should i wear my hair down or up .... its kinda cold outside ... n my ears are cold ... hmmmmmmm ...... 
turn off the lights n here baby xtra bright i want yall to see this .... if u want it u can get it for the rest of ur life ... fast cars shootin stars ... turn off the lights ... 
oooo baby baby baby la la la la laaa 
I Just got an ipad and I did not pay a < PROPFEMALE > for it so happy . http://apps.facebook.com/helpforchristmas/?fbipad 
is wonderin ... shud i pay 200 dollas for a phone ? 
i feel so much better , like i feel like a new person omg dude !!!! rahhhhh ! i want a streak right now with some rice ... 
I actually got my free ipad from fedex 10 mins ago this works ! http://www.facebook.com/l.php?u=weseeyeahaha.com%2F&h=cc8f0gift 
I's a lil hungry boss ! 
me siento bien hoy .... pero tengo hambre .... necesito algo comer pronto !!! 
that tasted so good !! 
ahhhhhhhhhhhh !!!! 
i wanna get out and go somewhere !!! 
feels like im runnin on walls and i don't wanna touch the ground , they say that im lost but i don't wanna be found 
what a frikkin day it has been .... 
I can see now , and im so happy ! i feel like a new person !!!! 
im bout to rape these frikkin noodles , omg !!!!!! RAHHHHH !!! 
is like wow ..... LMAO 
why is my back hurting ???? 
tattoo your name across my heart ... not even death can due us part ... wht kind of dream is this .. 
im not in a very good mood today .... i wanna just wanna go and beat up on somebody 
feels pretty good today ! har har har har !!! 
here we go ..... again ..... 
I dont feel to well .... 
i feel like really good , like i guess that workout out help relieve some built up stress n tension , i feel like < PROPFEMALE > MUHAHAHAHAHAHA 
( shrugs shoulders ) 
Why am I hungry all the time ? 
NA NA NA COME ON COME ON ... S S S N M M M !!! 
Estoy enamorado .... 
Why does my stomach keep hurting ?.... 
i feel so freakin stupid right now !!! ahhhh ! why oh why did i have to meddle with my phone !!!!! ahhhhh !! i could shoot myself in the face right now ahhhhhh !!! lol 
i feel accomplished in life , i made three pancakes , and they were good hum diddy dum !!!!!!!!!!! rah rah swag stupid !!!! 
i sooooo frikkin love you so frikkin much , i could like freakin tackle you right now !!!!!! 
i can't believe i stretched five dollas through out the entire day lol 
i kinda want my hair braided ..... hmmmmm 
so i straightened my hair .... should i wear it down tmw or up like i usually do ... hmmm ... muahahahahaha 
it doesn't matter if you fall , but whether or not you get back up 
damned if i do , and damned if i don't 
i hope , this time , my pill works ... please please please work 
Is lovin < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST>'s song \ET\ " this is tha shit ! " 
Wanna kick it in tha BACKSEAT ! So i can be ur backseat driver !!!!!! 
no vas a volver 
Feelin real good rite nah ! 
Ummmm woooooooow LOL im kinda not here 
im tha cookie monster hoe !!!!! gobble gobble gobble !!! 
woke up hungry as heck as last night and couldn't go back to sleep :( 
Im still hungry !!!! 
Wht an interestin day 
Ahhhhh my head hurts .... its about to explode 
Blah blah blah im bored 
how the heck did i manage to get like five paper cuts on my fingers today ?!! 
NEVER SAY NEVERRRRR !!!! 
ahhh ! its something stuck in my foot !!! 
i keep dancing on my own 
omg why does my head pound so ?!! ahhhh !!! i need a doctor !!!! 
Do it like you do it to me , Im burning up !!! < PROPFEMALE > lil look has got me feelings things !! 
i had a very very very good time last night :) 
tengo sed 
I slept so frggin hard last night , wow it was good ! Lol 
I feel so good today !!! 
Hmmm im hungry again ... wht to eat .... 
ha ha ha haaa IM FRIKKIN AWESOME !!!! 
You can be a jerk , I can be a jerk too ! 
my stomach kinda hurts , but then im hungry .... im confused ... lol 
Im lovin our new furnaiture !!!! 
Feels like im walkin on walls n I dont wanna touch the ground 
They say tht im lost n I dont wanna be found 
Idk wht to think of beyonce's performance , im being entertained but scared at the same time ... lol 
Y id rhianna remindin me of faith evans with tht red hair n all white suit on ... 
Oh my frikkin gosh I cant control this anymore !!! 
Umm tht was a mess 
Goodness my head is hurting 
Ahhhhhhh 
:( I need somebody to come hold me 
I guess ill workout a lil ... gotta keep from gettin fat 
this true life episode is good ! 
Hmm need somebody to talk to 
¡¡¡Buenos dias facebook !!! 
yeah < PROPMALE > ! I can finally tell how fast im going now in my car !! RAH RAH SWAG STUPID !! 
Tengo dolor de estomago .... :( 
FACEBOOK MUHAHAHAHA ! 
LMFAO @ the new beef jerky commercial 
Immmm really really boreddddd 
Im slowly learnin to be comfortable with myself 
Im learnin tht it doesnt matter wht people thnk of u , as long as ur happy with u 
Arrrrrhhh its somethin in my eye , n I cant get it out 
Feels like some horse hairs r in my eye lol 
:( somebody please come get this THING out my eye ! ARHHHH ! 
Up n ready for it all today !! 
me siento muy motivada ! :) 
hahahahahahhaaaa 
es < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > 
Hmmm need somethin more productive 
My tummy , is hurting :( 
Estoy lista 
Hmm need a new phone case , me thnks ill order one online 
Just woke up from the most awesomist nap EVER !!!!!!!! 
hmmm what to do .. what to do ... kinda halfway bored ... 
immmm sooo lovin this new app , im like excited , idk why lol 
hmmm what looks good with dark green ... 
HUNGRY HUNGRY MAWNSTA , IVE BECOME !!!! 
kiss me kiss kiss kiss me , wanna be a victim ready for infection !!! 
i loooove < PROPFEMALE > !! sale el < PROPFIRST > !!!!! 
i wonder if i were to eat meat like once a day , n increase my fruits etc , would i loose some weight ? 
Gooood morning people ! 
Goodness gracious I hungry ! My stomach finna jump out n start eatin people lol 
Ive fallin in love with my phone all over again 
Just took a nice lil nap 
Bello embustero 
Im gonna explode any < PROPFEMALE > now , maybe ill actually feel better 
I wish my punching bag wasnt broken ..... 
Its so good to be home ahhhh 
Is really confused and angry at this point ..... i feel very numb n empty inside .... 
I feel very sick 
i need a drink 
Jumpin out the window n lettin everything go 
I cant believe my parents bought me a step ladder .... 
lets play the blame game ... i love you 
Yesterday was frikkin awesome ..... :) 
Ughhh my tummy ! 
Danggit thts the second person ive backfisted on accident 
Why oh why is my stomach still hurtin !! AHHH ! 
noooooo I don't wanna cook !!! ahhhhh !!!! 
that was a nice balanced n healthy dinner ! 
Omg , I wish my door wud fully close O_O right now 
Im a lil concerned .... 
Ahhh feels so good to be home 
Are pizza , pickles , n coke a bad combination ? Lol 
I actually learned how to cook somethin today , I feel accomplished 
Had a meal fit for a < PROPMALE > 
hopefully Ill feel better sooner or later ? lol 
i been laying on the couch all day , I feel very lazy , oh well I gotta excuse ! 
ugh my bladder is gonna jump out and attack people 
Good morning peeps 
oh dang , I forgot the BET awards was on 
LOL what is goin on with the BET Awards tonight ! LOL ... did that girl do that on purpose ? 
Is smilin big 
feels good to be home :) 
you are my typewriter I write to you what I have been thinking 
ooo whe oh letmme see ya shake it baby oooo whe oh ! 
Where do I go from here ..... 
Peaches n juice , wht a heck of a dinner 
hmmm what to do with my hair .... 
and I wonder if you know what I mean .... what I mean 
Is grinnin like a < PROPMALE > cat this mernin 
Oh my frikkin gosh my stomach is frikkin HUNGRY 
I want something to eat 
Wow .... my mom just threatened to punch me in the throat O_O 
I feel accomplish now that ive done some much needed laundry ..... still not through though .... 
its ok its ok its ok its ok ..... 
Im really excited about the fall .... its not as scary as I thought it would be lol jk 
Baby there's a shark in the water ........ 
get me outta here eh eh eh ehh 
laugh no matter what 
i hate myself right now , i really do ... 
ummm i feel a lil weird today 
sadly i ate a whole meal , n feel like i havent eaten all day 
hopefully my phone will be in tmw ? please ? 
:/ 
is ur name < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , or < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > ... 
buenas noches 
does ups deliever on sat for 2nd day air ? 
my stomach is on the prowl .... n its gone find somethin to attack n eat ....... 
is < PROPFEMALE > winehouse dead ?!!! 
im like super bored 
just got done washin mi pelo , now im chillin chillin chillin chillin ! 
hmm what to do now ... 
I love .... ME ! :) 
wanna do it all night long !!! lovin < PROPFEMALE > ambrosius new song !!! 
teach me 
hace calor 
i gotta lot of downloadin to do today ! hahahahhahahha 
i will be so frikkin glad when my phone gets here , dang , its been waaay to long 
i just shot a man down 
pull the trigga pull the trigga pull the trigga BOOM ! 
this would happen to me lol 
ahhhh this song will not get outta my head !!! 
i guess this coke will be my din din tonite ! 
i feel a lil stupid ..... sorta kinda .... kinda disappointed at myself lol 
I move forward the only direction .... cant be scared to fail Search and perfection 
( sings ) i got a problem !!!!!!! I like to ...... Lol 
lol my dad trip me out 
:( tengo que ir el doctor < PROPFEMALE > manana 
how long does anesthesia take to wear off ? 
im tired but i cant go to sleep .... ugh , what is wrong with me 
no me siento bien ..... 
im bored need something , or someone to talk to .... 
FRIO OH OH FRIO OH OH OH 
we coulda had it all ....... but you played me to the beat 
se va .. se va conmigo 
que < PROPFEMALE > eres .... 
i need to get my eyebrows arched 
arhhhh i do not wanna get up early !! 
tengo dolor de cabeza 
im not myself right now , muahahaha 
moves like jagger 
hmmmmm estoy pensando ...... 
just a < PROPMALE > bit bored !!!! 
im tired of this mess 
DON'T STOP THA PARTY !!! 
had a fun time with shun shun n < PROPFIRST > big head tonight ! 
im frikkin hungry again ugh 
my bladder has been feelin weird all day long , ugh , my body is retarded ........ 
are ya ready ready ready ready ready ready ?! 
is lovin the single life ! i do wht i want when i want hahahahahahaaaaa ! 
ew stale chips 
I got them moves like jagger ! 
i just ate and now im happy yay ! im still kinda hungry though ... 
YAY ITS FINALLY HERE ! 
I feel really good today ! HA HA HA IN LIFE'S FRIKKIN FACE !!! 
changeling is a really good movie , i thought id be boring .... guess i was wrong .... 
Im so sick of this frikkin car !!! 
these sonic commercials be trippin me out lol 
Layin dwn , thnkin ..... 
had a nice day :) 
My head is poundin so bad right now 
( beyonce voice ) thank god you blew it .... sucks to be you right now !!! 
somethin has come over me latey , I just feel so good about myself as a person ... I feel like Im going to reach all my goals n dreams in life(hopefully lol ) and there's no obstacle tht will stop me from doin just tht .... 
whts goin on with lady gaga new video , why is there a mermaid ... um why her ankles bleeding ... why is she dressed up like a man ? like wth ? LOL 
Ok y r cats randomly on my front porch meowin ? 
now all I have to do is finish my list and then pack ! 
gah im hungry 
im finna lite into dem wangz !!!!!!!!! Im excited !!!!!! 
I need to go to bed , but I cant for some odd reason 
Today is gonna be a GREEEAAT day ! 
Gotta take medicine for the medicine im on , now aint tht somethin ..... 
this benadryl has made me very dizzy n off balanced 
My nerves r very bad this morning ... 
N im off to usm ! 
hmmmmm 
I know im late , but yay I just skyped for the first time , with shun shun !!!! 
my head feels like its about to explode ..... Idk how to get rid of this crazy feeling ..... 
my throat feels like its closin up at times , I hope this isn't a reaction to this medicine 
needs someone to interact with ..... 
Me siento mal hoy , quiero ir a mi dormitorio 
im so cooooolllld ! 
just had a delicious breakfast ! 
ok can anybody help me with accounting homework , cuz i realize now that i suck at it , like bad 
rumblin in my tummy 
Didnt sleep at all last night 
have a huge headache right about now , i gotta sit down somewhere for this one ... 
um did the rain like wash all the hotness away , cuz i wanna know where all this cold weather has come from ? 
is it ever gonna get better 
i do not feel good .... please oh please don't let me come down with anything , cuz I don't have time for any sicknesses right now 
I wish I didn't have to do this debate thingy ..... I hate speakin in front of people ... then the topic is boring .... ugh .. 
cause i just set them up .... to knock them dwn ... I thnk I should kw how to make love to something innocent without leavin my fingerprints .... Love is just another word I never learned to pronounce 
yall does black < PROPFIRST > cobbler have milk in it , cuz my stomach is rumblin ... bad .... lol 
hmmmm should i straighten my hair today or sunday ..... hmmm idk 
AIYA YA YA YA YA YA YA YA ! 
im strugglin and about to loose this battle 
hmm what to do what to do 
ahhh that was good , now on to studyin ! 
should I keep trying or give up and try again later ? 
HAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHA 
im so hungry imma gummy bear ! 
This random stranger just payed for my breakfast this mornin , I thought tht was the sweetest thing :) 
guess ill take my lazy butt to class now ....... lol 
im kinda hungry 
I don't know how i managed to do that paper so quickly , but its done ! MUHAHAHA ! 
if i should tumble if i should fall would anyone hear me behind these castle walls .... OOOOO YEAHH ! 
my tummy hurts a lil bit 
ahhhh this spanish lit class is killin me ! somebody help me ! ahhhh ! 
omg that is what i needed , i feel so much frikkin better , i feel like a new person lol 
HOY IS GOING TO BE A GREAT DAY !!! 
Im gettin better n better i wrote my paper in 40 < PROPFEMALE > 
wanted to go to the fair this year , but i guess thats not happening 
Im in a very ummm mean ? cold ? mood today , idk how to explain it .... need somebody to come brighten my mood !!! 
im craving something very badly right now ......... 
ahhh guess ill get started on this tarea , ay dios mio 
wish i cud relax now , but i cant gotta keep movin 
ahhh relaxation time .... muhahaha 
my stomach has been hurting for two days now , I don't think thats normal 
omg it smells like hot molded ass on my hall ...... I had to shut my door lol 
I really think I have ADD like I have no focus and I have two test today .... goodness I need to get it TOGETHER ! 
Uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh 
.... im so tired of these lil hood rats singin outside my window , I can't even study 
ahhhh my bladder hurts !!! 
buenos dias 
dame dame dame !!!!!! 
i feel tired , but then im not ..... 
