Why do they say you'll be on hold for ' 6 minutes ' when they really mean ' 60 minutes' ? 

How do people actually work outside in Las Vegas in the summer ? We were down there yesterday for a friend's wedding . Inside is fine , but after about 9 am you don't want to be without the air conditioning . 
had a happy face , now has a sad face . 
Kristene , is your phone working ? 
is apparently incapable . 
Burrrrrr Who said we wanted a northeast wind ? Take it back ! 
A darn good day . Had lunch with a friend , did some last minute shopping -- it doesn't get better than this . 
if you are a parent with the greatest kids on earth then copy and repost this and let's give our kids the recognition they need ! I am proud of my children and I thank God for them every day 
Next week Kristene and I are going to see a Space Shuttle launch . I just found that the launch schedule has slid from Thursday morning to early Sunday morning . Kristene and I leave Sunday afternoon , so we are good so far , but I don't want to see any more slippage . 
Well , the space shuttle launch was scrubbed for today . I just extended my hotel and rental car . I am taking Kristene to the airport for her flight this afternoon , but I need to figure what to do about mine . Should I simply cancel and get a ticket after the launch ? I can work up in JAX this week if I need to , but eventually I need to go home . Sigh 
I think I hear the call of warm sunshine and margaritas by the pool . Adios amigos . 
Either in the closet or under the desk , but mostly in the closet . Wouldn't you like to know what I'm talking about ????? 
< PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > had our cat Empress put to sleep this afternoon . Empress was such a good cat . I remember how she would wake me every morning tapping my face , wanting her spot of milk . We loved you little girl . 
I want everyone to know how appreciative I am of my girls Kristene and < PROPFEMALE > . They have given selflessly of themselves the last year , helping out with my mom . I don't know that I could have coped if not for them . And of course my wonderful husband < PROPFIRST > . 
My ' other ' daughters are suffering a grave loss right now . Everyone , hug your family and friends , forgive sleights , and tell those dearest how much they mean to you . You never know when that will be taken away . 
Remember to hug your loved ones , and tell them you love them , whenever and wherever you can . Our friends and our family , is there really anymore to life than the people that we love ? 
I like it under the desk , in the closet , and sometimes in the bed of the truck ( but only with a group ) . 
Hark ! What is that glowing orb in the sky ? 
Well , the power went out about 10 pm last night . We don't have the generator wired in yet . If power is still down when he gets home , < PROPFIRST > will fire it up . In the meantime , I havwe lovely hair . 
I hate it when doing the right thing results in so many wrong things happening . 
I've noticed comments from some of the college students that they are hating school right now . < PROPFEMALE > in there you guys , all things worthwhile take effort . 
*** WARNING *** The national weather service has issued a Falling Bear warning for Chicago Sunday starting at 1:00 p.m ( 10:00 A.M PST ) and continuing throughout the afternoon until the end of the fourth quarter . Falling Bears could be heavy at times especially around the Soldier Field area . Heavy accumulation is likely ! *REPOST ALL OVER ......... SEAHAWK NATION ! * 
I think today is a good day to search out green cheese . Are you with me ? 
Make today the best day of your life . 
So four of the first six updates from Facebook friends are on a food topic . What's up with this -- Marde Gras ? 
Aloha from < PROPFEMALE > Kauai . Forecast is sunshine and 81 today . 
