School , homework , crew , sleep , repeat ... UGHH ! 

FML ! Supid lifeguarding class !! sorry to all my friends on crew ): 
Life ... what are ya gonna do ? ugh 
I love my dad ! we chased the storm out to New Albany and Johnstown and saw some serious damage ! 
First pay check , CHA-CHING ! 
Oh and FUCK FINALS ! 
\OH MY GOD A CHAIR !!! \ " -Boondocks " 
Why did i just run 6 < PROPMALE > to highlands and back at midnight ?... 
GETS PAID ! 
everybody loves the ATL ! 
Oh joy one of those long nights ... 
Chach-Pronounced : \chawch\ " Definition : Noun-A person ( usually male)who attempts to exhibit a cool and popular look but generally comes across as either an asshole and/or a total loser . Everyone knows someone like that ... " 
Is dieing of boredom ! 
Why doesn't anyone else see that TRANCE IS AWESOME ! 
I have 69 friends LOL 
POKE me if you ever had a crush on me ;; LIKE this status if you think im a good friend ; MESSAGE me if you ever wanted a relationship with me ;; COMMENT on this if we have had good memories ;; NOW let's see who's brave enough to copy && paste this to their status 
GREATEST NIGHT EVER ! Just got up , my legs still hurt from running , my stomach still hurts from laughing , and my head still hurts from everything ! 
What am I doin’ ? What am I doin’ ? \ 
Oh , yeah , that’s right , I’m doin’ me\ 
I’m doin me\ 
I’m livin’ life right now , mayne\ 
\ 
And this what I’ma do ’til it’s over\ 
‘Til it’s over\ 
But it’s far from over .. 
lonely day ... 
is blasting Shawty Lo and shaking the whole house 
Just got finished lifting , leaving in about 5 mins Atlanta GA ... and somehow im still haveing a lonely day :/ 
RAVE cuz its my BIRTHDAY ! 
Cheerleading declared not a sport , \leaping sexily about is not a sport\ " according to New York federal judge " 
BACK FROM ATLANTA AND DC ! 
WOW ... My entire day was just killed and buryed in about 11 minutes 
Yeah correction on my last status ... my whole WEEK was ruind in about an hour 
\Y'all don't mess with the Wu-Tang Clan ! \"" 
Pain ... I guess i forgot friends can hurt you to , worse than any enemy because they know ur secrets , they know ur weaknesses . The trick is finding the ones worth suffering for , and as i sit here thinkin about the consequences of today i wonder ... Wut if the rest of my life would be this same cycle ? Would i go crazy ? Would i snap ? Or would i become old , bitter , never to trust anyone , waiting to die alone ... 
Cant sleep ... To much drama in one day has me stressed the fuck out 
1st Honors Algebra 2\ 
2nd Sociology\ 
3rd Honors Physics\ 
4th Honors Chem\ 
5th Honors Chem\ 
6th Lunch FML\ 
7th Study Hall\ 
8th Psychology\ 
Comment if if you share any 
Yeah so someone tryed to TP my house ? ran those bitches off , never seen a fat bitch run so fast hahaha 
i LOVE getting ditched , thanks for ruining my Sunday 
Went outside at midnight and sat in the dew listening to music stareing at the full < PROPFEMALE > , times flys i guess 
Bored , people confuse me deeply ... 
Really awesomely strange day , who knew hoover clean up could be fun ? and also happy 18th to my brother < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > 
Why do people have to use those words ? and talk behind peoples backs ? cant we all just get along ? Make love , not war 
\Such a lonely day ... and its mine \"" 
I dont want tommorow to be monday ... 
off to running ... FML haha 
Can you say greatest night ever ? we lost as usual but holin down the V.I.P. ( < PROPFIRST > ) was great , those card tricks had people trippin out ! So sketchy haha 
2:15 ... why isnt anyone on ? ehh ... 
Day off ! and i still have crew FML 
Good day , not all that fun though ... 
-Huge Depressed sigh ... - well today blowed , im feelin bed early tonight 
You know todays going better than yestarday , but it all depends on practice at this point 
Yeah it was worse ... 
Is my heart broken ? no , i think crushed would be a better word 
So practice was halarious today , goin to the mall with davey and his friends after i check out zachs tournament , fun day !! 
From an iPad at the I tunes store ! 
Great day with Davie Kazam Kurvink at easton , the yak hat is amazing , and my sky blue head phones are THE SHIIIT ! and for some reason ive heard Animal by Neon Trees atleast 12 times today lol 
So yeah idk why but its just kinda hitting me today that OSU raped ! 
Hates his hair cut cuz it makes him look like hes 14 , but otherwise a good day ! 
She said I don't spend time like I really should\ 
She said she don't know me , anymore\ 
I think she hates me deep down , I know she does\ 
She wants to erase me hmmmmmm\ 
A couple days no talking , I seen my baby\ 
And this what she tells me , she said\ 
I keep on running , keep on running\ 
And nothing works\ 
I can't get away from you , no\ 
I keep on ducking , keep on ducking\ 
And nothing helps\ 
I can't stop missing you , yeah 
Stupid work !! get done at 9 then PARTY ! 
is praying it doesnt rain tonight 
Wow ... Really ?! 
Awesome party , thank god there isnt school today , packin for Toledo now 
So yeah we won by over 45 seconds , but of course there was a penalty , but silver is cool too , anyway awesome day ! 
So if you dont mind me asking ... What is wrong with you ?! 
\Cuz day and night \ 
Game tonight ! me and zach just went out and bought these light up sunglasses and a bunch of glow sticks 
North scored double digit points , i think thats like the first time this year , < PROPFIRST > Björklöf is the man , oh and to < PROPFIRST > i read up on some stuff ... the game starts NOW :) 
Won Silver and Gold ! Great races , lookin forward to Pittsburg already ! 
Thanks to all that helped me today , its said and done and honestly im proud of it 
Hey Ohio's weather ... Fuck you ! 
You and i till the day we die <3 ... hahaha just playing i fly solo 
People and their petty arguments and their insignifigant opinions .... ( or atleast that what my mind tells me ) 
Blasting CuDi at full volume and shakeing the walls , who feels me ? 
To Pittsburg and beyond ! 
Good regatta , about what i expected out of a 1st Varsity Heavyweight race , oh and College football rankings ... 1st place ... OSU HELL YEAH ! 
When will people realize that some things just dont go on facebook ... Its not like its weird its more like dividing by 0 , it doesnt work 
You know i really should have taken the PSAT , but then i realized it sucked really hardcore 
I love watching peoples ignorant arguments , its amuseing 
Lazy Friday ? Hell yeah ! 
0-56 ... To be honest i expected more out of south , but anyway great day ! 
Uni tan ? Oh yeah . Silver medal ? HELL YEAH 
Ignorance is bliss ... Till you find out whats really goin down then your screwed ! 
Cloudy days ... 
Unfortunatly theres no word for that ... 
Rowing by moonlight ... its all fun till you have to dock 
Saturday morning practice on 4 hours of sleep , my solution ? Monster Anti-Gravity 
Not gonna lie , im really bored ... 
After a year of procrastination i finally took my drivers test , passed 94% !! 
Waiting for something exciting to happen , then i remember i live in ohio 
5 < PROPFEMALE > STUNNA 
< PROPFEMALE > Zajac threw the greatest halloween part ever 
So i say good bye to someone close to my heart ... R.I.P. Limewire , you served me and my 678 songs well </3 
Got up at 12 , hell yeah 
People that bold face lie on facebook , one word WORTHLESS 
I put the PRO in Procrastination 
The rowing gods have frowned upon us all this day , for erging begins tommorow FML 
\In soviet Russia we have no use for this kind of science\ " -Honors Chem class " 
\I'm on the pursuit of happiness and I know everything that shine ain't always gonna be gold\ 
15 second PR ! Its a good day even if i cant feel my legs anymore 
Hour , after hour , after hour , of power ... 
Nothing to do and happy about it :) 
I dont know why skyline got such bad reviews , it was great except for the ending 
Jackets finish their west coast killing spree with a 3-0 shutout over the sharks , GO BLUE JACKETS ! 
I honestly wonder what it would be like to bike all the way to Atlanta ... 
Makeing food , Crew , and most importantly MY DRIVERS LICENSE , good day 
The refs are killling us and were still winning , GO BUCKS 
\No one's going to take me alive 
Best weekend ive had in a long time , really kinda confused though 
My life is so repetative ... 
As far as the car subs go , 1600 watts has never been put to a better use 
So this dude is talking to God . \ 
Guy : God how long is a million years to you ? \ 
God : A minute . \ 
Guy : How much is a million dollars to you ? \ 
God : A penny . \ 
Guy : May I have a penny ? \ 
God : In a minute . 
It took 15 hours of driving , but im finally far enough away from Ohio 
YOU JUST LOST THE GAME ! :D 
One of those days where im just sitting blasting music ... 
Is praying for a snowday ... 
For the poor people that dont know already ... WESTERVILLE HAS A SNOWDAY TOMMOROW ! 
1 more day then 4 of freedom , hell yeah 
Happy and bored ... i guess i can live with that 
My day has been made ! 
Singing words of wisdom\ 
Let it be , let it be 
All day , Errday 
Spring break ! lets go ! 
No more thin mints = BIG PROBLEM 
... And then the bass dropped 
Im partying so much i dont think my mind can take it anymore ! 
And i think to myself , what a wonderful world ... 
everyone thinks that i have it all \ 
but it's so empty living behind these castle walls \ 
these castle walls \ 
if i should tumble if i should fall \ 
would any one hear me screaming behind these castle walls \ 
there's n o-o ne here at all , behind these castle walls 
119th anniversary of the first ice cream sunday , thank you google 
Images of broken light which dance before me like a million eyes , \ 
They call me on and on across the universe , \ 
Thoughts meander like a restless wind inside a letter box\ 
They tumble blindly as they make their way\ 
Across the universe\ 
Jai guru deva , om , \ 
Nothing's gonna change my world , \ 
Nothing's gonna change my world . \ 
Nothing's gonna change my world . 
Oh boy ... 117 notifications 
Quote of the day : \STOP SAYING IGNORANT THINGS ! \"" 
Well i had a fantastic day ... NOT 
