I will be going out to the bars on Tue . 12 . Tell me if you will be out . I would like to catch up with some of my friends . hope to see you there . It would be in Wisconsin Dells . Any ideas where I should go ? 

yeah I will be getting wasted on 1-12-10 . If ever wanted to see me wasted or just want luagh at me join me that night . I will be going to as many ars as I can . 
Trying to find love , and friendship . 
I just updated my info < PROPFEMALE > check it out . 
I know that if a girl gave me a < PROPMALE > that our walk together in life would be a walk to remember . 
I also just want to reconnect with people from high school that I should have hanged out with more . Lets get something started . 
Does anyone want to talk with me ? 
I just want to ask all the ladies out there a general question . I want to know how I can make myself desireable . I can be anything and everything I just need to know that there is someone who wants me . I want to e the best friend , eventually the best boyfriend , then eventually the best husand/father I can be . I know I can someone's everything . I just need to know are you out there somewhere dreaming of me ? 
** Social Experiment : If you read this , even if we don't speak often , post a comment of a memory of you and I . It can be anything . When you are finished , post this paragragh as your status . You'll be surprised what people remember . ** 
Happy birthday < PROPFEMALE > . I wish I could go to your party . I know you will have a wonderful time , your friends love you so much . 
No one wants to talk ? 
Who wants to talk to me ? 
Will I ever find love ? 
Why am I on faceook ? 
What does anybody want to talk about ? 
What do women want ? 
Is Love all you really need ? 
Is love all you need in a relationship ? What is your defination of love ? Talk to me people !! 
What do people want to talk about ? 
What do you do for fun ? 
Why doesn't anyone want to talk to me ? 
What are you thankful for ? 
I am sorry everyone about the posts . I am not sending them . My account is messed up , after I allowed some apps access to my < PROPFEMALE > . I am deleting them right now . 
I have changed my facebook password also so I hope it won't happen again . 
What is up everybody ? 
Whatis everybody up to ? 
Does anyone know where happiness is ? 
If love came in a jar . What would the world e like ? 
Way to go Packers . that was a great game . 
I need to know what I am doing wrong , but no girl that has rejected me has given me advice or a reason to why the say no . 
For me facebook is a waste of time . 
( Women ) Would anyone go to the movies with sometime ? 
Valetine's Day sucks if you are single . 
Why are you friends with me ? 
< PROPFEMALE > Kucharski Estes I care for all of you !!! Let's see who in my Friend's List actually pays attention . Copy and repost this in your own bulletin . Let's see who the true friends are !! 
What is my best quality ? 
Click \like\ " if I have ever made you smile in your life . Set this as your status and see how many people you've made smile " 
< PROPFEMALE > ALERT : STOP PLAYING FOR A MINUTE - COPY AND REPOST ! 3 yr old boy taken by man in Rochester MN driving 2006 Mitsubishi Eclipse . Plate # 98B351 . Repost NOW ! You know you would keep it going if it was someone you knew . Seriously !!! I hope to see this repeated on this < PROPFEMALE > many times , a child is in dange 
to anyone who cares my new phone number is on my profile's infomation < PROPFEMALE > call me if you want . 
do you think three days is long enough for my last post ? 
Would anyone thats near by want to set me up on a date I think a blind date would work best for me ? I have tried to ask girls out myself but that only worked once seven years ago , please help me . 
Honest opinons please . Do I creep people out/ scar them away ? 
I guess no one wants to talk to me . 
When will love find me ? 
Is anyone twitterpated ? 
The years fly by so fast that they trap some of the good times like air bubbles in the sludge of time . i look back and wish i did the things I wanted , and made the memmories I wanted . 
There are somethings I want that I will never have . 
we have to live with the choices that we make or dont make . I wonder if the choices I have made were the ones I should have made . 
All my relatives that have an account on Faceook send me a friend request . I also need some help finding an old friend , < PROPFEMALE > Shanahan . We graduated Reedsburg Area High School together please help me find her , it has been too long since we talked . 
If we went to school together , please message me so we can catch up . 
All relatives of anyone with the last name Premo friend request me . I am a Premo desendent and would like to create a vast family tree . There will be lots of people in the tree and it would be interesting . 
Sorry I dont talk to you guys . Everybody , what is going on in your lives ? My dad is still in the nurseing home after his stroke , and is starting to use a < PROPMALE > . I am not getting a lot of hours at work . I am sorry if I have ever posted anything that bothered you . Take care . 
Any friends that are in the Dells want to do something . 
Sorry < PROPFEMALE > it wont let me send you a message . I am doing good , but bored . I need to sleep I will talk to you latter . take care 
