is thankin God for another day . dont knw wht its gonna entail ... but thank u for lettin me live 2 see it . 

is still trippin on lil mama and kanye last nite !! gotta get them few extra mins of fame i guess !! lmao . 
Is wishin my lovely sister < PROPFEMALE > Mitchell-Rogers a Happy and Blessed Birthday !!!! Love ya ! 
Never put ur trust in Man for he will let u down everytime . Trust in God and he will never leave u , disappoint u , or steer u wrong ! 
Im a < PROPFEMALE > in the rough right now ... God is not thru wit me yet !!! 
Similar minds think alike ... but GREAT minds think 4 themselves !!!! 
is ecstatic ... about 2 start school again ! Thankin God 4 a new start !! 
I'LL ADMIT I'M A HANDFUL . Unfortunately most women won't repost this . I make mistakes , I am at times hard to handle - but if you can't handle me at my worst then you sure as heck don't deserve me at my best . That's why it takes a REAL MAN to be able to put up with ME !.... Repost if you're WOMAN enough . 
is experiencin technical difficulties with tha cell phone so if u text n call n i dnt reply or answer ... its a man down code 10 situation . so jus bare with me til im up and runnin . 
Is ecstatic !!! Takin trainin classes the rest of ths week ... classes start Monday !!! Dnt they knw im comin bck swingin 4 tht a**(in my < PROPFEMALE > minaj voice ) . 
A true friend doesn't care if you're broke , you're slightly mental at times , you can't keep a secret , your house is a mess , or your family is filled with crazies ... they love you for who you are . True friends can go long periods of time without speaking and never question their friendship . RE-POST if you are lucky enough to have at least one true friend ? 
I Might not be the most beautiful or the \ 
sexiest .... Nor have the most perfect body . I might not be anyone's first\ 
choice , but I am a great choice . I don't pretend to be someone else \ 
because I'm too good at being me . I might not be proud of some of the \ 
things I've done ... but I am proud of who I am today , and who I am \ 
becoming ~ Take me as I am or DON'T take me at all ~ Copy and Post if u love ur life bein u !! 
Is thankin God for bein alive this mornin after last nite ! When God shows up and shows out blessings , please do not put the things that u were blessed with b4 him , he always has a way of bringin u back 2 him . 
Ths was ur nite Pierce !!! Get ur shine on !! 
??? Sisterweek !!??? Ifyouhave a sister , whether biological or spiritual , who has made youlaugh , wiped your tears , prayed for you , hugged you tight , watchedyou succeed , saw you fail , cheered you on and kept you strong ; copyand paste this onher wall ??? :) 
September\ 
is cancer month : In memory of every cancer patient , family member &\ 
friend who has lost their battle wit cancer & in honor of those who\ 
continue 2 conquer it ! Put this up for 1 hour if u love someone who has\ 
or had cancer . Many won't copy & paste , I did ... Will u 
ROLL TIDE !!!!!!!! Lets get it !!! 
ROOLLLLLL TIIDDDEEEEE !!!!!!!!! 
Wow ! So my bday is next monday and one of my favorite uncles jus passed !!!!! But tha part tht makes it suck is tht we share tha same bday !!!! Wow , now my 25th bday wnt b as happy . But God is a mighty God , and he will c us thru !! 
Is thankin God for allowin me 2 see anotha year .... 25yrs old ... WOW !!!! 
Happy Birthday Uncle Nate !!! U were jus buried Friday , but I am celebratin ur life today with mine on our day , so R.I.P. !! U will be missed ! 
