HOORAY for < PROPFIRST > ! His project won 2nd place in the High School reading fair . Now its going to compete at the state level . 

is tired of the rain ! 
would like her fair share of “global warming” ! 
Just voted a bunch of times for lil < PROPMALE > to win the cutest baby contest of 2010 on B97.com! 
thinks we’re going to be in for it tonight and tomorrow morning . It’s 1:40 in the afternoon and it’s already sleeting ( ? or icing ) here . Maybe this time the coast will get snow ! 
Yea ! Finally a day nice enough to work in the yard . But apparently not a good day to burn leaves . My burn pile spread and burned half the grass in the backyard . :( 
Whew ! Had a good scare this morning . Spent half the day at the ER with < PROPMALE > . After a lot of worry , blood work and CT scan , turns out he has a kidney stone . Of course it sucks he has the stone , but I am so thankful it wasn’t anything more serious . 
Wow , it smells horrible outside :[ 
Wishes all her fellow moms a Happy Mother’s Day ! 
Right now there's a police officer helping someone . \ 
A police officer is working the streets { day or night } to keep us \ 
safe . A police officer is missing their family while caring for yours . \ 
In the minute it took you to read this , police officers all over the\ 
world are saving lives . It's Police Officer appreciation week , post this\ 
if you are a police officer , love a police officer , or appreciate a\ 
police officer . 
Hello summer , we meet again . : ) Goodbye 5 am alarm clock , -- at least for a couple of months ! 
“I wonder if we got the whole state of Louisiana drunk enough , they would let us trade Governor Barbour for Governor Jindal . “ :-) ( Sorry , just had to steal this from a comment made on the sun herald article . ) 
Have a Happy & safe 4th of July everyone ! 
Here’s a little fact that came out today during the Dispersants hearings in Washington : the idiots ( NOAA and FDA ) that are in charge of testing gulf seafood toxicity levels are only testing for oil and oil byproducts . Presently they are NOT testing for DISPERSANTS or dispersant byproducts . The NOAA Assistant Secretary thinks that testing for dispersant “WOULD BE AN EXCELLENT THING TO CONSIDER . ” Hmm . ya think ? 
Sooo .. We are on a road trip ! Maybe it’s just me but a place named “DRY Creek Water Park” doesn’t sound like much fun . :o ) 
Well , we did the country and now we are in the city . Atlanta is Huge , Having a great time and somewhat of an adventure . Rode the subway , took a city bus , and rode in a taxi for the first time . And apparently , all the crazy people in the city are really mad at their imaginary friends . =o 
Ahhh !!! Home Sweet Home ! The Widas Road trip was a success . We traveled a little over 1500 < PROPMALE > and had the best time . Seen some beautiful scenery ( and some that was a lil scary ) and laughed til it hurt just being our silly selves . Oh how I LOVE my boys and love every minute with them—no matter where we are !! 
Good Lord .. just spent over an hour trying to figure out how to get pics from my hubby’s < PROPFEMALE > to show on my profile . Now if I can just figure out a way to transfer them to create an album under my “photos” . Any ideas ? 
Does anyone know if there are any brands that make 100% cotton jeans anymore ? I can’t find any that aren’t stretch . 
Please log onto \LEGALIZE DOG FIGHTING\ " and Legalize dog fighting + others & report this < PROPFEMALE > . Thanx ? Please pass this along . " 
Uggh , I don’t know if my facebook account has a virus or something . The comments I make on my wall post keep disappearing , so I don’t know if they are gone or what . So just to make sure . Thanks everyone for the birthday wishes and thanks for thinking about me ! ? 
It just doesn’t seem like it should be time for my baby to be ordering his class ring already . = / 
Banana 
‘s heart aches for Japan . Praying for Hawaii and west coast to be spared . 
Happy Anniversary to my honey , Tim Widas . What a lucky girl I am to have spent the last 18 years with the love of my life and my best friend . We’ve gone through the good , not so good , and the in-between . I wouldn’t change one thing or trade a second of it . I am so lucky and proud to call you mine . I love you !! 
Ugg .. time change . At least it will be daylight longer . 
Blahhh , goin to see the tax man tomorrow . 
