9 days 

EVERYONE NEEDS TO WRITE ME AT THIS ADDRESS EvanShields 3rd BN LIMA Co Plt 3248 39000 Midway Ave San < PROPMALE > Ca 92140-3258 
evans still gonna be in boot camp for a while so all yall that feel so obliged should write him since he's got nothing else to do . he wants song lyrics too sense he's forgotten what music sounds like . bay slapz please . address it to- Recruit Shields 3rd BN LIMA CO PLT 3248 39000 Midway Ave San < PROPMALE > , CA 92140-3248 make it fun , make it sexy , make it safe 
( Kinda all got jumbled ) evans still gonna be in boot camp for a while so all yall that feel so obliged should write him since he's got nothing else to do . he wants song lyrics too sense he's forgotten what music sounds like . bay slapz please . address it to- ( Recruit Shields(new line)3rd BN LIMA CO PLT 3248(new line)39000 Midway Ave(New Line)San < PROPMALE > , CA 92140-3248 ( Foot note)make it fun , make it sexy , make it safe 
whos tryin to kick it 
Im gonna miss everybody , see you all soon 
Gets to sleep in til 8 tmrw awww yaaaa 
Findin out where i get stationed tmrw 
Next stop CLR3 Okinawa , japan 
finally home 
who wants to go to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > on friday ? hit me up 
Goin to japan 
Chillin in Okinawa . 
Goin to australia , Thailand , Korea , and the philippines soon . Get on my level 
Watching a tent at 1 in the morning , sweet . 
Homesick . 
Add me on skype . EvanTrentShields 
Has a sister-in-law now . Congratulations < PROPMALE > and Becca Shields 
Dear Okinawa , I hate your weather . 
Get to ride in a heli this week 
\You better be getting drunk like good marines\ " -nco . Rah ! " 
648 days 
No phone/internet for a few months . goin on ship . if you wanna talk you can write me . \ 
PFC Shields , < PROPFIRST > T\ 
CLB 31 unit 38464\ 
FPO AP 96604-8464 
Correction to the last one\ 
Clb 31 unit 38464\ 
Fpo ap 96604-8464\ 
Harpers ferry 
Can we pretend that airplanes in the night .... a little late ? oh alright , nevermind 
1st and 15th 
Is it december yet ? Kinda tired of J pan 
time to rock the pony express . talk to everybody in a minute 
Finally made it . Phillipines . Awwww yaaa 
Halloween in Singapore . yeeeeeaahh < PROPMALE > . 
101 days later . finally back in oki 
hey korea , i just got settled back in , can you stop being belligerent ? 
wants to go home 
wats up alice ? \ 
she got the maddest . said my names not alice ! \ 
alrite < PROPFEMALE > , pick me up from my palace 
Flat tire . Greeeeaaat . 
tryna board cloud 9 airlines 
Should have played it through from the intro to the end , when they offered me the stage . 
im not gettin a sig on my beeper 
white water in the morning . 
I love when people trip about if u show up half an hour late , then make you wait for hours . Don't worry I didn't want to eat today . fusmc 
happy new years from okinawa 
Live The Search 
La verga 
True absinthe makes u wanna punch a grandma 
Getting ready to leave again , hopefully have a good time in some chill countries . Talk to everybody in a few months 
Chillin in Thailand 
I thought Cambodia was supposed to be poor , but from what i've seen so far I might just wanna move here haha 
Mainland japan is freezing 
Back in Okinawa . Finally 
Fusmc . Cali in 40 days , get me off this island already 
fusmc 
I smoke rocks 
One day I wanna copy someone's status word for word to see if they notice . 
I killed bin laden , he was hiding out in japan . You're welcome . 
Booya ! 
Hmu , jk lol . Abbreviations are stupid AF , smh . Ttyl . 
366 down , 23 days to go . 
Britneys back . 
Dre got yoked 
I'm gettin that fa sho 
Hi , my name is < PROPFIRST > , and I like to party . 
What are you a girl or somethin ? 
Shwayyydskiiss 
So there's this new thing called myspace , has anybody heard about it ? 
All work no play leaves < PROPFIRST > a dull boy 
Single digit days . 
As if I don't get lost in airports enough , now all the signs gotta be in gibberish 
19 hours and I'll be home 
got my phone turned back on . 1-925-642-2255 . hit me while im still in town 
whats good for tonite ? 
is gearing up for friday 
come swoop lol 
One more day ...... 
Ughhhhh japan 
They call me < PROPMALE > miller with less swag yadig 
Whenever you call , give me 11 months to get leave approved , a 2 hour flight followed by a 9 hour flight , take < PROPMALE > back from sfo , and I'll roll up . That's how the song goes right ? 
Japs get down at some weed whackin 
Butthole 
Blackout or get out 
Tylenol should sponsor country music , they'd make bank from all the headaches 
not goin to australia anymore . forgot not to get my hopes up in the < PROPFEMALE > corps . fusmc 
Stay lifted 
Nobody parties but me 
Fml 
4 30 am , yes I would like to sleep now , thank you < PROPFEMALE > corps 
< PROPFIRST > dunnzo 
thizz or choke on sumthin 
I can't wait to be another homeboy back on the block . 
People enjoy me 
i really like marines . they're really cool 
Nostalgia .... 
Dont call me shields ... 
I bet 50 dollars the raiders do better than this team this year 
shotgunnin nattys on a tuesday . so bro . 
The doctor said I need to calm down , so he prescribed me some broloft and serochill 
People don't forget 
I didn't think oranges could get old ... 
Fish dont fry in the kitchen 
You got it joben 
Over it . 
Wanna mate ? 
I'm proud to be serving my country ... Lol 
Listen to me ..... 
There is nothing greater in times of boredom , then to check your news feed on Facebook -- < PROPFIRST > Washington 
< PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Wald is a pog 
Breaking into my parents house and taking the tv , guns , wine , camera with lenses , and coins and pawning it off : a good chunk of change . Forgetting gloves and leaving very obvious fingerprints : priceless . lol . 
Hey , I lost my wallet , so if everyone could message me their credit card < PROPFIRST > so I could have em again I'd appreciate it 
She's a very freaky girl\ 
Dont bring her to mama\ 
First u get her name\ 
Then u get her number\ 
Then u become very good friends 
Sometimes I partake in alcoholic beverages 
Raaaaiiiiddddeeerrrssss 
party hardy 
Gettin ready to leave for a couple months again , if u need to get a hold of me , too bad lol . Talk to everybody when I get back 
Once you go < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , you'll feel heaven sent ... 
Chillin in subic bay , Philippines , keepin it classy 
Back in okinawa . two more months til Cali for good 
