I was attacked by a monkey today on the way to Kodaikanal . Luckly he bit my jeans and not my leg since I hear the rabies shot is not a lot of fun . 

is attic apartment and tornado don't mix ... the question is where to take cover ? 
canoeing during a severe thunderstorm with hail ... not a good idea . 
Grand slam D < PROPFIRST > !!!! 
is wondering why it's not < PROPFEMALE > . 
Wonders why the president is wearing a White Sox coat ? 
< PROPMALE > Potter was excellent ! 
has successfully completed scuba dives 1 and 2 ! 
Is now a certified scuba diver ! 
Is packed and ready to go to San Francisco/Napa Valley ! 
is let the San < PROPFIRST > adventure begin ! 
No one should die because they cannot afford health care , and no one should go broke because they get sick . If you agree , please post this as your status for the rest of the day . Nor should people be forced to go without insurance because the cost of ... \insuring\ " oneself is more than their cost of living . " 
Go Hawkeyes ! 
will be tailgating at the Iowa game ... no rain please ! 
is boycotting the 30% < PROPMALE > of rain/snow on Saturday . 
Go HAWKS !!! Survived the cold and pulled out a win ! 
Go Hawks ! Ranked 9th ! 
is headed to < PROPFEMALE > over winter break ! 
Hawkeyes you almost killed me tonight ! Thank god we won ! 
Oh tetanus shot , why must you hurt so much ?! 
just got the oral typhoid vaccine and wonders how many people actually read the informational sheet provided . I think their references are a little outdated . 
is happy to have a new , working laptop . 
is wishing I didn't have to proctor an exam at 7:30 am on Monday ... I hate mornings . 
2 classes down ... one essay to go . Almost done for the semester ! 
is done with her fifth semester of graduate school ! 
The only good thing about the 11 hour bus ride from Chennai to Madurai ... we didn't die ... despite the multiple attempts by the bus driver . Surprisenly we didn't hit any dogs , pedestrians , bicycles , motos , cars or trucks ... very surprising . 
purchased my first < PROPFEMALE > and is wearing it to the New Year's party tonight . 
Love the new TV , just wish it didn't turn off the space heater every time I change the channel . 
Go Iowa ! 
is glad the Hawks won even if I was out in rural < PROPFEMALE > and couldn't watch the game . 
is starting the long process of heading home . 
was handed a random baby at the < PROPFEMALE > today for a photo opt ... Happy Pongal . 
Dear Iowa Winter , you win . 
is watching the Super Bowl and reading articles on Chikungunya ... one is more exciting than the other , take your pick . 
Laissez < PROPFEMALE > bon temps rou < PROPFEMALE > r ! 
made cookies ... those who work or have class with me on Friday are in for a treat ! 
is wondering what you wear to a Roller Derby ? 
would like to thank the Hardin Library document delivery service ... without you I would have to actually walk to the library and photocopy my own articles . 
yum ... brownie batter for lunch ! 
Way to go Northern Iowa ! 
Any volunteers for the human bait mosquito collection portion of my dissertation project ? Its really easy ... 
media trucks surrounding the Field House ... check , police everywhere ... check , Iowa City is ready Mr. President ! 
is déjà vu all over again . 
Just saw a mustachioed man on a unicycle ... does the circus know one of it's performers escaped ? 
The clock is ticking ! 
just got a free Chick-fil-A sandwich while studying on the Pentacrest ... in honor of tax day ! Yum ! 
is on my way to Florida for a belated Spring Break ! 
On the road to Miami ! 
Cubs Win ! 
hates rereading things I've already turned in and finding mistakes . 
is a little nervous ... and slightly nauseous . 
I passed ! Offically ABD ! 
eating at Orchard Green for dinner tonight if anyone is interested . Around 7-ish . 
Is at the Blue Moose listening to some awesome live music ! 
got a bunch of hair cut off today and turns out there is a ' hair fundraiser ' to collect hair to send to the Gulf of Mexico to soak up oil . Glad I could help . 
is wondering how the Lib Dems and the Conservatives plan to work together ? Seems a bit like opposites attract . 
Just took the bus all the way home and realized I drove to work . Now waiting for a ride back to my car . 
is excited to be heading to Vegas tomorrow ... been packed since Thursday ! 
At the airport , heading to Vegas ! 
: you know the ' your bag must fit in this box ' thing at the airport that no one uses ? Well Alligent Air made us do it and neither < PROPFEMALE > nor my small suitcase fit and so we had to check for $35 a piece ... then the guy came and found us later to let us know he only charged us for one ! Let the good luck begin ! 
Vegas baby ! 
Is leaving Las Vegas ! 
If the lady two cubicles away thinks she is whispering , she is wrong . 
is thinking I might be a little late to work tomorrow ... go USA ! 
Goal ! 
USA !!! 
is heading out to Shakespeare in the park ... or rain , we'll see which prevails . 
< PROPFIRST > the octopus was right ! Yeah for Spain ! 
Please ignore any emails generated from my old hotmail account . I have switched to gmail and no longer use the hotmail email but have heard it has sending out a spam email with a virus . Sorry for the bad email ... 
submitted my first IRB document today . Fingers crossed they don't send back to many questions ! 
is starting my 10th semester of graduate school . I may consider a different profession at some point in the distant future . 
80's outfit ... check . 80's hair ... check ! 80's makeup ... check ! Ready to party it up . 
Why am I so hungry ??? Oh yeah , wheat thins for dinner . Not sufficient . 
On the bus , heading to the Iowa Hawkeye game ! 
Nothing like an Iowa tailgate ! 
is not looking forward to shelling out $1500 on a plane ticket . 
My dissertation proposal was approved ! I leave for < PROPFEMALE > in a week ! 
It's a wet one at Kinnick ! 
Is on her way to Iowa State University to play with mosquitoes ! 
Let the adventure begin ! I leave for a three month research trip in < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow ! 
30 hours of travel later , a few hours of sleep and I am ready for day 1 in < PROPFEMALE > . 
Up at 6:00 am ... jet lag at it's best . 
The curse of the pineapple strikes again ! Time for a benadryl . 
thinks she got a bug bite on her eyelid ... 
just found out there is a Domino's pizza in Madurai ... and they deliver ! There goes my food budget ! 
is considering staying up to listen to the Hawkeyes . Darn you 10.5 hour time difference ! 
got IRB approval !!! I can get started on my data collection ! 
is having a technical difficulty ... meaning a power surge took out my A/C , TV and computer charger . Start battery conservation mode ... goodbye internet until I get a new charger ! 
was happy to wake up to an Iowa Hawkeye win ! 
Hypothetically ... what do you think you would get if you gave someone bread and peanut butter and asked for a sandwich ? 
Happy Diwali everyone ! I'm in Bangalore for the weekend . Firecrackers going off every few minutes ! 
heading to Mysore in a little bit ! 
13.5 hours of traveling and I am back in Madurai ! 
is heading to Delhi on Friday ! Then onto Rajasthan for a week ! 
off to Delhi ! Taj Mahal Saturday ! 
can cross camel ride in the desert off my bucket list . Pretty sure once is enough . 
Heading back to Madurai ! Go Hawks ! 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone ! Eat some turkey for me ! 
I think I just ordered a pizza from Dominos . 
fingers crossed no rain tomorrow ! 
So turns out all that sunscreen I put on this morning was wishful thinking . 6 hours of data collection in the rain ! 
has three weeks to wrap up this project ! Now if only data entry could be more exciting ... 
my project is wrapped up !!!!!! Today I play tour guide for Soman Puzhankara and hopefully finish up my Christmas shopping too . 
Made it to Chennai . At the train station , I watched in horror as the < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > hoisted my ' lucky if its under 50 pounds ' suitcase on his head and had another guy put my smaller ( but not lighter ) suitcase on top of the first . He then took off sprinting toward the exit ( which included several flights of stairs ) . Happy to say no one was killed by my falling luggage and the < PROPMALE > definitely earned his $5 . 
The runway system at Frankfurt Airport is fully operating again ! Fingers crossed the weather cooperates with my wish to be home for Christmas ! 
Back in the USA ! First stop ... eat a hamburger ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
Hitting the road for the first time in 3 months ... do I drive on the right or left ... 
Glad to finally see a Hawkeye win ! 
And the New Years extravaganza begins ! 
Watching < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > and she just said ... I kid you not ... ' I got me a dead squirrel in the mail today . ' 
Finally seeing < PROPMALE > Potter ! 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes ! 
Is going to New Orleans for Mardi Gras ! 
is listening to < PROPFIRST > Colbert talk about herd immunity . Go Public Health ! 
Driveway cleared . If I had the energy to move , I might consider leaving the house . Just because I can . But I won't because I am too tired . 
Arrived safely at the Iowa game ... they better win after all the work we pit into getting here ! 
Saw < PROPMALE > Mis in Chicago ! Awesome show ! 
Bacon wrapped smokies and rice krispie treats for dinner . 
At the Iowa basketball game , hoping for a win ! 
Enjoys smelling like a swimming pool , but should probably shower . 
Yeah for < PROPMALE > Firth ! 
Overheard conversation at the hospital today ... Female 1 : ' You guys were rasied better than that!' , Female 2 : ' Yeah , but we were bored . ' 
On the way to New Orleans ! 
All you can eat brazilian steak house ! 
And it begins ... 
The plan is to collect my weight in Mardi Gras beads ! 
Important lesson learned ... don't miss the last ferry . 
Seven hours , three parades , two hours hunting for a cab and shivering the entire time = a late start on Lundi Gras . 
Round 2 : Mardi Gras parades vs . Team < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > . Who will win ? 
Would like to know what I need to sacrifice to the god of cabs . My cab < PROPFEMALE > is seriously low . 
Beignets from Cafe du Monde ! 
And so Mardi Gras ends ... 
