New Year rolls around and we all talk about positive change whether it's finacial , political , spiritual , social , personal , etc . This year I plan to put my ego aside and receive my full blessings . 

Just wanted to say good afternoon to all my friends , family , and associates on this here facebook network . And also to say Go ravens-Im partial to the Ravens defense . And I hope them Cowboys lose tonight ! 
Ok so yesterday I put my foot in my mouth by hating on the Cowboys . They did win but don't expect any miracles people . I was right though with rooting for the Ravens(defense ) . They destroyed the Patriots . I don't know about you all but I'm glad that < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > and the Pats are out of the playoffs . We will have to wait and see if good ole ' < PROPFIRST > Favre can cool off them ' Boys next week . 
This is the day that the lord has made ! I shall rejoice and be glad in him ! I'm praying for help ! I'm praying for change . Do your will Lord and bless me in the abundance of your spirit . 
I know I have built some enormous obstacles in my 29 years on this planet but I have never been a quitter . Never the one to self-deprecate , I do believe in myself and I will keep pushing till I get a break through . If God is my witness I will reach my full potential and achieve great things . We all need to strive for great things this year in all facets of our lives . 
I HAVE ONE THING TO SAY AND THAT IS-\HOW BOUT DEM COWBOYS \"" 
Good morning to everyone . Just spreading some love on this blessed day ! If you didn't give the LORD his thanks this morning-its never too late . Hope everyone has a blessed day . 
Gregory(urban dictionary ): Wierd , not uncool dude . Into everything , sports academics , etc . Not sure of himself or what he wants to do . Other people have trouble understanding him because he doesn't undertsand himself . He sometimes gets depressed and down on himself if the smallest thing goes wrong . Very pessimistic and cynical , which sometimes almost leads to depression . 
My soul is hungry for knowledge . I feel trapped hammering on a glass ceiling because of my past failures . Now the fun starts . I see the fork in the road but I'm a trailblazer so I create my own path . Politics as usual . 
There is a huge difference between hearing and listening . Same goes with liking and loving . 
Tell me how come when you wash your hands with a situation things always turn for the better . But when you put thought and effort into something is seems like things just don't come out right ? Why is that ? Today I conceded total defeat but still came out victorious-I was shocked ! I guess you do prepare for the worse . 
They say you are right where God intended for you to be ........................... so why does it feel like I'm lost ! I guess I'll just keep on p . u . s . h . ing harder ! 
IF FEAR IS PAIN LEAVING THE BODY-THEN WHAT IS PLEASURE RELATING TO THE BODY ? A QUESTION FROM A HUNGRY SOUL 
God , give us grace to accept with serenity the things that cannot be changed , Courage to change the things which should be changed , and the Wisdom to distinguish the one from the other . Living one day at a time , Enjoying one moment at a time , Accepting hardship as a pathway to peace , 
When you come out your mouth sideways , expect for someone/something to straighten your face . 
Be happy in life daily but do not become complacent , full , or content . Push yourself to limits for beyond failure and situations not seen begin to come into focus . Friends , cronies , associates , passerbys , and maybe even relatives tend to jump ship when your path becomes to treacherous for their liking . In the end there is always two sets of footprints in the sand . Have a blessed and beautiful day . 
It's so easy to talk about others problems , vices , hiccups , past transgressions , etc . But what happens when you skin your face to the white meat and have to face the music . I guess that's when you see exactly what type of character you have . It's easy to pose when your flaws are not exposed . 
Too many times we as individuals worry about what others are going to say limiting our growth . Sometimes you have to put on blinders in order to see what's right in front of you . This is not to say don't worry about your surroundings , you still need to be extremely self-aware . 
I earned my PhD in common sense/concrete jungle survival tactics from the School Of Hard Knocks !! 
If you think you know me now , wait till I’m in focus , no magic , hocus-pocus , just originality similar to aborigine personalities , minus the formalities and technicalities , trying to make bail but the price steep like high-end oxtails , my thoughts centrifugal yet constantly subliminal . My vocab leaves scabs in the minds of common crabs . 
I'm enjoying life with all its unexpected mishaps and twists of fate/fortunes . Life offers so many ways to achieve self-gratification besides jacking and jilling(lol) ! When you tighten your grip on your vices you can truly begin your maturation process . 
Another day , another < PROPMALE > to pray , ask for thanks and forgiveness . Good morning to all and may your day be as productive and empowering as mine . Be encouraged ! 
Surround yourself with wisdom , knowledge , and understanding . When you tighten your circle you cut off excess not needed in your path to righteousness ! In the end , it is what it is ! Its not selfishness , its self-awareness ! 
This has got to be the best NCAA tournament that I have seen EVER ! I'm only talking about the tournaments that I have seen in real time(1986-present ) . And oh by the way-GO BAYLOR !!!! 
That Good Old Baylor Line-That good old Baylor line ! -That good old Baylor line ! - We'll march forever down the years , As long as stars shall shine . We'll fling our green and gold afar- To light the ways of time , And guide us as we onward go ; That good old Baylor line ! AAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHH Sic ‘em BEARS !!!!!! 
First I'd like to thank God for giving me another < PROPMALE > to open my eyes , breathe again , and another daily < PROPMALE > to strive for excellence . I also want to thank all my love ones , friends/family , who believe in me(I believe in you all too ! ) Last but never taken for granted , I like to thank the lady in my life for staying in my corner wholeheartedly(unconditional love ) , even though I'm a pain in the A ** to deal with-LOL 
I'm extremely proud of the Baylor Men's BB team . They played hella good all year . I must say though-Duke showed more poise down the stretch . It is what it is . This is only the beginning of something special for the Bears ! It was a wonderful run to watch never-the-less . Sic ' em Bears ! We still got the women left to bring it on home ! 
Good Morning to you all ! Its going to be a great weekend ! For some reason I just love the month of April . 
diutinus labor perceptum prosperitas 
I'm so grateful for all the life experiences(good , bad , and ugly ) that have occurred during my three decades on this wonderful earth . I appreciate all the love , birthday shout-outs , etc-the love and respect is mutual . As I reach this milestone moment in my life , I am still striving for excellence and setting my goals as high as the heavens above . No excuses ! 
God helps those who help themselves . Change starts from within , self-motivation . No complaints , no regrets , just progression and results ! ENCOURAGEMENT !!!!!!!!! 
N/A 
Is it fair to say that Mayweather got us again ? I mean he worked this fight brilliantly didn't he , making the world believe that Mosley was a extremely tough draw . I didn't even watch the fight but I predicted a one-sided affair and what do you know . I think pay-per-view was like 54$-you got about to good rounds for that price . He has only one fight left to sell-bring on Pacman . 
Happy Mother's day to all of the women throughout this wonderful world . Even if you aren't on top of things the way you want to be , you are to be applauded for conceiving and going full term to bring life into this world . Congrats on all the efforts that you do put forward . As I've gotten older , I grown to understand the decisions that my mom made-Nancy you did what you had to do ! May we all be encouraged ! 
Excuses are the tools with which persons with no purpose in view build for themselves great monuments of nothing . ~ Steven Grayhm 
~ When we treat man as he is , we make him worse than he is ; when we treat him as if he already were what he potentially could be , we make him what he should be . ~ Johann Wolfgang < PROPMALE > Goethe 
“There are no secrets to success . It is the result of preparation , hard work , and learning from failure . If it ain't broke , don't fix it ' is the slogan of the complacent , the arrogant or the scared . It's an excuse for inaction , a call to non-arms . Have a vision . Be demanding . ” `Colin Powell` 
You can easily judge the character of a man by how he treats those who can do nothing for him . ~ James D . < PROPMALE > 
Haters are really undercover motivational speakers = you have to harness the negativity and transform it into potential to power you towards reaching your goals and envisioning your dreams ! Encouragement . 
YOU WILL DISCOVER YOUR TRUE CHARACTER WHEN YOUR FACED WITH ADVERSITY , THIS IS THE TRUE TESTAMENT OF A MAN/WOMAN ! TRANSLATION = IT IS EASY TO SHINE WHEN THE SUN IS OUT BUT WHAT YOU GONNA DO WHEN THE STORM COMES , SINK OR SWIM , FIGHT OR FLIGHT ! BE ENCOURAGED-EMPOWER YOURSELF TO UNCHARTED GOALS/ACCOMPLISHMENTS . 
The internet is the ultimate platform to broadcast and express yourself . We are in the age of communication , so use these tools wisely . 
Please don't mistake my confidence for arrogance . I've tasted failure a few times too many so I running harder than ever ! I'm gonna take what it mine in life ! Success is the only option-no excuses . I'm grinding for me and mine(my fam and real friends ) . I don't need any hype and/or yes men ! Encouragement . Get yours=it's for the taking ! 
PERFECT PLANNING PREVENTS PISS POOR PERFORMANCE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! (I think that's how you say it , right ? ) 
Prov 13:20 ( NIV ) He who walks with the wise grows wise , but a companion of fools suffers harm . 
It becomes second nature to dwell on the negative aspects of daily living , so with that in mind you must harness your will to grasp the positive however small these events may be . You have to reboot your thought process to achieve better days . There are still storms to come but don't be afriad to get wet(negative ) , eventually you'll find shelter(postive ) 
HAPPY BELATED BDAY TO MY FIRST NIECE KENIYAH-YOU GETTING OLD(3RD GRADE ) 
With progress there is bound to be casualties so you must sacrifice for the greater purpose you've yet to discover . In the end , all your failures prepare for you for your better days/true calling . I go hard in all facets of my life , cause no man can bribe time to stand still . 
Do not forget to show some appreciation , gratitude , affection , to your partners today ! Relationships are hard cause the evolve daily . Well they should anyway ! Encourage your friends , loved ones , partners , etc to grow with you . Invite change into your cipher and work on being humble . I'm fighting these days to build , even if that means renovating my foundation to add more stability . 
To whom it may concern : Please tighten your circle up . Life is purposeless when surrounded with complacency and self-contentment . Change is enlightening so embrace it . You must break away from comfort to witness potential fuition . In other words = crabs don't want to see other crabs prospering ! You have to want better to get it , simple . Do you not them , it's not selfish=it's being self-aware ! Peace . 
Congrats to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Pollock(baby sis ) & all of KHS c/o 2K10 ! Enjoy your moment 
To all the deserving fathers out there in the world-HAPPY FATHERS DAY !!!! This goes out to all the mothers that are doing both their job plus some more . I understand things happen , but if you have the opportunity to be in your child's life , fellas , DO SO . Build that relationship now cause it's hard to do so later . Have a wonderful day ..... ENCOURAGEMENT . 
Sacrifice is all but necessary during times of progression-there are bound to be casualties during reconstruction of one's self . One must weigh the gravity of all facets of life with clarity and sober-mindedness . One must be concrete in times of uncertainty/adversity , this is when character is truly evident and forged ! Don't look back , or you too might turn to salt . 
Ok , I think I'm through . I'm too old to be getting wasted , but it happens . I can't remember anything past crashing through those cheap coolers . JL said I went to sleep after that . I probably said some real inappropriate things yesterday , I apologize-I aint sorry for issh ! It is what it is . I let my hair down and shaved it all off at the same time . I had a ball . I didn't have any brakes so I crashed ! 
People really underestimate the power of change . Subtle signs eventually uncover answers that were seen but rarely utilized . Cracks become chasms , thoughts become reality ........ Friends become strangers or worse , adversaries . Time to fade to black and phase out of this surreal monotonousness . And so it begins ............ 
Checkmate ! Next ............. 
TAG , YOU DO IT ! 
Question of the morning = Do pretty girls get passes for being more promiscuous(in better terms ) than those who aren't as easy on the eyes ? Does this hold true for males as well ? Its just a question , so don't go pointing fingers , calling names(that's of course if you feel like checking somebody , then hey who am I to tell you what to do ! ) Court is now in session . 
Why me lord ? 
Its has been said that the tongue it the most dangerous weapon of mass destruction . The tongue can also be one of the most inspirational tools to all of mankind . We are in the age of communication , so gauge your words wisely . Check ! 
I think my girlfriend and I need to go see the Wizard of Oz ! I need a heart and she needs a brain ! 
Do you know what love really is ? Who is willing to sacrifice to get what he/she deserves , your birthrights from the Lord ? How many of us on a daily basis give back in some shape , fashion , or form ? We are stopping the flow of progression by refusing to keep the circle whole ! Reconnect with your community/help those who really need it ! 
If philly doesn't start < PROPMALE > Mexico next week , then they don't want to win . Just my thoughts . He looked good yesterday ! Class of ' 98 ! 
YOU DO IT ! 
When you throw stones and hide your hands , you deserve to have them chopped off . Stand behind your words and actions , CHECKMATE ! 
R u still down ? That is the question ........... 
The G-MEN !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
FREE PLAXICO !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I have chronic D.N.S. and I'm allergic to handcuffs ! 
It is well ........ 
I'm not going to feed you but I will teach you how to fish so you can EAT ! 
Make amends and fix your face ! 
Shout out to the Executioner last night-46 years young and still going hard in the ring . 
HAD TO TAKE THE SHIRT OFF FOR MY GIANTS .... GO HARD OR GO TO HELL ! 
ALL DAY LIKE 25/8 
Things could be worse ... pause for a moment and be grateful for just the ability to breathe today .. 
Its cold .... being scared to live ........ without regrets , insecurities , and fear of the unknown . I'm glad I have somebody to < PROPFEMALE > me , do you see the footprints , even in hardened concrete ......... 
It sure didn't feel like Christmas today for me ... I'm still grateful \ 
< Mr. Work 100 % > 
ITS COLD IN DA ' K ' AND THATS HOW I LIKE IT 
Happy Valentines Day to the Good , the Bad , and the Ugly .... ps . DON'T FORGET ABOUT THE JUMPOFFS 
Question of the moment : Is it me or does every woman have to rock a pair of spandex tights weekly ? These are things I need to know , it's puzzling , cause everybody isn't built for that look . I'm just saying . 
Tell me something good ? 
If you know your potential , take no prisoners going for your goals 
Settling for mediocrity , you'll become stagnant and forget how to tell time . Raise your level of expectations daily . How much can you achieve in 365 days ? 
almost midnight , running on empty(lol ) ... I'm gettin old .... CAN I LIVE ! 
I might not make it 
I made it 
Momma I made it 
Been dealt a bad hand but I was born with a mean poker face ... ( it was written ) 
I just witness a homocide .... THIS GAS PUMP JUST KILLED MY POCKETS 
STAY IN YOUR < PROPFIRST > = 
Please be careful not to judge the next person's vices , shortcomings(past and present ) , and/or way or life . We all have a few skeletons in the closet that we are not proud of . Never become too high and mighty , stay grounded and humble . 
You are born with opportunities , choices , and free will . Don't regret a move you make . Second-guessing is not an option ... 
Thankful to be free ... Shout out to the homies in D . O . Cs ! 
UNC ..... C'mon SON 
Selling parachutes for the low-low ... Guaranteed to the average jump-off 
Selling parachutes for the low-low ... Guaranteed to save the average everyday jump-off 
Demand more and expect nothing but the best .. Lead by action ans cause .. Mediocrity is contagious .. Steer clear and keep it moving 
Loving is way more fulfilling than hating .... 
Trust your gut instincts ..... if it looks like shit and smells like shit then it's more than likely shit ... 
Fix your face 
Get ya knees dirty ...... P . U . S . H ! 
You can do it ... 
Condoms in the 4th grade ......... REALLY ? 
Overworked and underpaid .... 
No scripts ... definitely no hands either 
Happy birthday to one of the trillest dudes I know-Gregory < PROPMALE > Olds 
I did it my way 
