is not dead . Has arrived .... but was late and hasn't actually moved in yet ... 

has a what seems to be a movie being being filmed in his room . 
wants some tacos . 
oops . 
Baking cookies at midnight : best decision ever . 
What happened in Japan is awful and we should send what help they need , but why has everyone forgotten the on-going civil war in Libya ? We actually have the ability to stop that crisis . So why aren't we there ? What happened to supporting and spreading democracy , < PROPFEMALE > ? Way to totally blow the one < PROPMALE > to use our military in a legitimate and justified manner . 
< PROPFEMALE > approves no-fly zone over Libya and ' all necessary measures ' to protect civilians . Time to put your money where your mouth is , world . 
It's 6:30 in the morning . Just spent the last 8 hours de-stickering and re-stickering all of Blockbuster . And I have to go back at 5 . Yeah . 
New phone is new . 
Just two minutes of heavy rain . Where am I during that ? On my bike going to school . Rain stops as soon as I get indoors . Fuck you , hurricane , fuck you . 
Fuck yeah . Today's off to a good start . 
Having no internet at home has turned me into quite an industrious student . I have mixed feeling about this . 
< PROPFIRST > can into internet ! Huzzah ! 
Google+ is now freely available to the public . Get on that shit . 
Ever seen a moped get towed ? I have . It was amazing . 
It's Friday . Why am I having such an awful day ? Fuuuuuuuuu- 
Inb4 shitstorm 
So ... not sure if that was a slutty lumberjack or just a hipster . 
Passenger-side door handles stolen . Just the handles . Just the passenger side . Are you fucking serious ? Can I please just get one week where something doesn't fuck up ? Just one . 
I keep telling myself I did the right thing . But I've always been a terrible liar . 
Goldman . I wish I had a better camera . The < PROPFEMALE > looks the the eye of the universe staring down into my soul . 
Holy shit . This fog is awesome . It's like the langoliers have come . Or the mist I guess . But that's lame . Both are < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > though ... interesting ... 
