Change your FB profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To not see a human face on FB till Monday , December 6th . Join the fight against child abuse & copy & paste to your status to invite your friends to do the same . 

A person has 1000 wishes . A Soldier only has one , to come home safe . In honor of someone that died , is a wounded warrior , or is fighting for your freedom please repost ... 
Virus spreading like wildfire on Fb and My Space ! It is a trojan worm called koobface . It will steal your info , invade your system and shut it down ! DO NOT open the link Barack Obama < PROPMALE > Scandal ! If SmartGirl15 requests you as a friend , don't accept it ; it is a virus . If somebody on your list adds her , you get the virus too ! Please copy and paste to your wall . Confirmed on SNOPES .. please pass 
Is gonna shine even when others expect me to fail . I am gonna survive anything life throws my way . I may crack , but I will never break- 
redbull 
Love all that you can , give all that you have , smile away your days , and dream away your nights . 
Kentucky just passed the best law ever . To be on Food stamps , Medicaid , or Cash Assistance for your children or yourself you have to pass a DRUG test . Now every other state should do the same . If you agree re-post 
< PROPFIRST > and I are going to The Flop tonight around 6:30 if anyone wants to join us :D 
A cancer patient only has one wish , to kick cancer's butt . I know that 97% of you won't post this as your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do . In honor of someone who died , or is fighting cancer post this for at least one hour . 
Parents think about their children day and night . Parents love their children in a way that they will never understand . Parents will be there for their children when no one else will . Parents would take a bullet , jump in front of a train , or ask God to take them instead of their children -- I know I would ! If you have children you love as much as I love mine post this as your status . 
To celebrate < PROPFIRST>'s Day , change your profile picture to you and your significant other . Re-post and tell how long you've been together 
<3 <3 <3 Happy Valentines Day <3 <3 <3 
would like to extend her condolences to all the single ladies out there - the most wonderful man in the world is no longer on the market . So sorry - he's mine . (: 
had an awesome time at the WWE with my baby last night :) im so lucky I found such an great guy- our life is now complete and Im the happiest girl in the world thanks to you baby ... I love you <3 
(¯`v´¯)\ 
`· . ¸ . ·´\ 
¸ . ·´¸ . ·´¨) ¸ . ·¨)\ 
(¸ . ·´ This balloon heart is traveling around the world for the victims of Japanese Earthquake/Tsunami . Please send this love balloon to every1 to show our support . Please Pray for them during this devastation May GOD bless them and provide a rapid recovery . AMEN ? 
My baby girl is 13 today ! Happy Birthday < PROPFEMALE > :D Mommy loves you <3 
is having a baby :) WoooHooooo ! Love you babe ! <3 
? While you scream at your woman , there's a man wishing he could whisper in her ear . While you humiliate , offend , and insult her , there's a man flirting with her and reminding her how beautiful she is . While you hurt her , there's a man wishing he could take her pain away . When you make her cry , there's a man stealing smiles from her . Post this on your wall if you are against domestic violence & mental abuse . ? 
Dear Mr. President , I hear you would like to freeze pay rates for soldiers starting next year . Would you also consider cutting your own pay to save more money for our country ? While you're at it , lets cut down all congressman's pay too . If the people who risk their lives don't get an increase in pay , why should we continue raising pay for those who take no risks and reap the benefits ? REPOST if you support troops 
Is the happiest woman in the world and loves her family with all her heart , from head to toe , always and for ever , untill the end of time <3 Muahhhhh :) 
A 15 year old girl holds her 1 year old son : people call her a slut , but no one knew she was raped at 13 . Make fun of someone for being fat , but you don`t know that person has a medical condition that causes her to be obese . Call the old guy ugly , but .. You don`t know he got a serious face injury after serving the country or saving a life . Re-post this if your against bullying & stereotyping ....... 
? If you have a wonderful man , who helps balance your whole world . Who isn't perfect cause we all know no one is perfect , but is perfect for you . Who works hard and would do anything for you . Who makes you laugh and drives you crazy , who is your best friend , who you want to grow old with , who you are thankful for everyday , and who you couldn't live without . Brag about him a little and post this as your status ? 
To my fellow Fbook Junkies ;P I just realized . We sit and stare at a screen . We talk to ourselves ... We have imaginary friends and farms , cities and fake animals ... we cook imaginary food in imaginary bakery's ... We poke people and think its ok ... we even write on walls .. Think about it .. Facebook is a mental hospital .. and we are all .. patients .. Feel free to steal this .. I just did !.. Party in my < PROPMALE > !.. LOL 
have a personal reason for asking if everyone could please put this as their status for 1 hour . I know the ones that will !! Think of someone you know or love who has had cancer . My wish is that in 2011 a cure will be found . Will you post this for 1 hour . Do it for all ! 
