I get ot see my baby tomorow !!! 

I miss him so much already 
I HATE THIS PLACE !!!!!!! 
I finally get my own room friday !!!!!! 
I really hope i pass the permit test on monday !! Well i need to find a ride first ! Wish me luck cause I sure need it !! 3rd times the charm right ?? 
Today I am in a VERY bad mood 
Wanting to get my permit !!!!! 
I DID IT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Moved in Yay !!!!!!!!!!!! 
MY BELLY BUTTON IS PEIRCED 
belly button itches !!!! 
HAHA SILLY 
My baby is coming to see me !!! 
hehe 
basketball starts on the 16 
why did this happen 
ready for it to get better 
he left :( 
im bring sexy back hehe 
very BORED I need something to DO !!! 
ANYONE WANNA < PROPFEMALE > OUT THIS WEEKEND ?????? 
A guy sticks his location in a girls destination , to increase the population , for the next generation . Do you get my explanation , or do you need a demonstration ? ( ; 
GOING TO SPOT LIGHT FOR MY SISTERS SKATE SHOW 
I want a shower and bed ..... wanna join baby ? 
OMG HOTTNESS !!!!!! 
why is it when you like someone that they never like you back ?? 
A guy sticks his location in a girls destination , to increase the population , for the next generation . Do you get my explanation , or do you need a demistration ?? 
of my 4 new pictures which should be my main pic ??? 
BORED !!!!!!! 
omg i dont think i have ever been turned down . but i guess there is a first for everything . but oh well i hope he has fun with the girl he wants . his lost on this 
Going to DQ Tomorrow ..... YAY 
i had to get my bellybutt repieced . now it hurts worse then it did the first time i go tit done 
!!!! I LOVE YOU !!!! 
about to write people letters .......... so i need addresses please ...... =) 
my throat still hurts .... tear 
hoping this guy will come see me ...... cause he is awsome 
about to head to work in like 20 minutes ..... boooo ...... but ill make it fun 
home home sweet home .... yay people talk 
last day of work for this week ............. yayayayayayayayay 
i got a new phone and a new number .... i miss you guys from RYLA 
anyone want to come over tonight ???? 
i made money today ...... yayay i will be able to go get my laptop for my birthday 
i want to take a nap !!!! 
i dont feel to good . :( 
work here i come !!! then a marry < PROPFEMALE > party !!! sweet 
anyone wanna go to the fair with me sunday ??? 
drinking wild < PROPFEMALE > pepsi 
about to watch movies ... 
anyone wanna do something today ???? 
OH MY GOSH ........... I CAUGHT A FISH ........... WE COULD OF ATE IT TO ........ YAYAY ME 
i got my schedual 
what is the deal i cant get on cafelife and i cant im on the thing 
cant wait till this weekend 
im not feeling to well 
Made it home safe .... Had tons of fun at the ryla reunion . I miss you guys already 
i work everyday this week except sunday 
just got home from McDonalds and seeing Lizzy 
i turn 17 in 27 days 
I think im going to delet my account 
man i cant find him 
seeing if my friends can come and spend the night for my birthday 
yay they can spend the night =) 
wow one bad day then another . yay me . i cant even have my birthday 
I dont live with my mom anymore 
study hall first hour 
im 17 now yyayayayayayayy 
my finger hurts 
step one is finished . now i just have to wait and see what he does so step 2 in process 
i had a good day today ...... yayayayayayayayayy =) 
i really wanted to tell him but he didnt talk to me today 
omg i road a moter bike for the first time . It went like 5mph but it scared me to death . But its okay im still alive =) 
tomorrow is friday ...... yayayayayay 
my throat hurts =( 
I'm so warm !! You can tell that I am still sick and getting worse 
went to the doctoe and they said I have an ear infection . And sence I have came home I puked 2 times . I am just miserable 
riplies believe it or not 
I need to do my homework tomorrow 
Hell I'll do it ! Bring on the likes people ! \ 
you ' like ' this status , I'll write on your wall and tell you what I like about you ! Even if I don't know you , in which case I'll do some Facebook stalkin ' to find out what I like ! (: If you're brave and like makin ' others ' day , you'll re-post this as your status ! ( : 
i might go see tangled on friday . yay . hope everyone has a great thanksgiving . 
loved the parade last night . afterwards i went to < PROPFEMALE > buffe with my family . we had tons of fun 
my sister is sick and has a temp . :( 
Starting to feel sick . Its went around the house so it seems to be my turn now . The one day flu yay 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS 
no restrictions on my driving anymore 
I learnt how to snowboard today . YAY 
planning on going to NC July 4th-11th . hope my mom says yes :) 
found RYLA pictures 
how can you call someone a friend if you never < PROPFEMALE > out with them . you say hi in the hallway and maybe eat lunch with them . but to me that just seems like someone you know . not someone you would want to share your secrets with . 
finally got to do something :) 
anyone wanna go to the movies with me this weekend ? 
gunna buy the movie howls moving castle 
excited for next term 
work yay 
I have my labtop and can use it in my room !!! YAYAYAYAY 
my fingers are all colorful now . my shirts look GREAT !! 
I finished all of the SNOW WEEK shirts !!!! 
Gunna see I am number 4 at 3 p.m. YAYAYAYAY bring on the hot boys .... hahahah 
THE SITUATION HAS ARRIVED 
Finished all of my cupcakes for my 2nd hour . Sorry 1st hour i wont be able to bring anything cause I dont have enough tubawear . 
REALLY SICK 
Going to St. Cloud for the rest of spring break . Going to look at my college . :) 
Met a cute boy :) But he's shy . 
Lexi said : We are having home made mac&cheese with hambergurer in it . \ 
Oh and Lexi is home YAYAYAYAYAYYA 
< PROPMALE > Presley - Heartbreak Hotel 
SPECIAL OLYMPICS LIFE GAURD TOMOROW :) 
Writing essays to go on a tour to Washington D.C. 
excited next month is going to be busy . I get to make 3 cakes for the american bake sale . life gaurding for girl scouts !!! im excited :) 
Watching Lost Boys .... Being bored 
feeling icky . i hate this cold very much 
getting my sunglasses tomorow ..... hopefully :) 
then new facebook pics 
got my glasses . thinking what should ?? I get to go 4wheeling next sunday anyone wanna go with me ?? oh and i got to go 4wheeling today it was fun i hit 55 mph . and got to go threw so puddles with my brother , dad , and cousin < PROPMALE > . we had tons of fun . 
excited for tomorow !!! cant wait !! 
