I officially live by the beach now ... officially ! 

I have a room now , instead of a hole with all of my crap in it . Hooray . 
I like cthuugle.com 
Cool , there should be some partying going on because my birthday is the 27th and my girl's is the day after ... should be pretty sweet . Just FYI , I moved so I'm not near LA ... but I am near San < PROPMALE > - which is a way cooler town . 
Ignore my last status . It was a wall-post . I wish FB would stop changing everything . 
Just heard ' Gas in My Car ' by Skankin ' Pickle for the 1st time in ages . Meeemmmmoorrrieees . 
We are always sixteen . 
He's pretty much been going back to make preparations of the move . As for me , life's been about the same . I have no real reason to complain . I don't remember where the bar is exactly , but it's called La Cita and I think it's on Hill and 4th . It's called P 
We are allways 16 . 
I'm so effin ' bored ! How can this be ? 
I got one eye on you and one eye on < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > . 
My demi-weekend was not nearly enough rest . 
Just went 6 hours without going diarrhea or vomiting ... I'm proud of myself . 
You load 16 tons and what do you get ? Another day older and deeper in debt . St. < PROPFIRST > dontcha call me cuz I can't go , I owe my soul to the company store . 
Official HS bidness tonite ! Hooray Beer ! 
Spent the night eating rancheritos and chamoy ... so everything's Ok . 
I can haz interview now ? kthnxbai . 
People use FB to bitch ... a lot . 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes everyone . Personalized replies due date is TBD . 
I can haz noo betta job now ? kthxbai . 
Can't get a break ... 
Finally ! I got all this school shit [ mostly ] taken care of ... gonna miss my kiddos , though . PS - Go see < PROPFIRST > , unless you only watch movies with gunfights and/or explosions . 
In 2 and a half hours I won't be a CARDigan . 
I'VE GOT BLISTERS ON ME FINGERS ! 
Seriously , I just went through my friend updates and everyone is talking about Kanye ... kill your TVs everyone ! 
Wetting the bed is like your body's way of saying \GET UP FOR WORK YOU DRUNK ! \"" 
Get to see the kiddos at my new job today ! 
AST hooked it up with more hours , I'm stoked . PS- I still want to go back home , but this place will do for now . 
Event of the century- Get < PROPFEMALE > tix for Creed w/ Staind 
How come nothing on 4chan is as funny as the pic I found yesterday ( which was only a screencap of 4chan) ? PS - Dear 4chan , moar lulz plz . 
Yay for same day cancellations ! I made infinity dollars an hour today . And how come there's no infinity character/emoticon ? 
Hey , go to fright night tonight ! There'll be tarot , tea leaf reading , loud music , constumes and anything else that's fun and semi-godless . Plus it's all for a good cause . So everyone put down the scrabble sets or whatever else it is that you're doing that's boring and come out . FRISCO'S IN LBC 4750 E . LOS COYOTES DIAGONAL , LONG BEACH 90815 . $5 with a costume . 
Fuck < PROPFIRST > Buzzo and his law . I'm glad that people will only remember him for being a pain in the ass . 
Just got back from work , now I need to work !?!? 
Anyone that knows about film cameras should send me a message . I just got one and need AF mount lenses ( for cheap , real cheap ) and knowhow ... please . 
I sure would love to have a working phone again , if I did I wouldn't have had to wait at my client's house for 30 minutes , then spend another 15 looking to find a payphone ... I could have just called and not even showed up . PS - Don't bother calling me because my $200 paperweight doesn't have service right now , and it won't until I find $450 . 
New phone # people , it'll be on my facebook here in a sec . 
While Job hunting ( again ) I found an opening for Mixed Martial Arts instructor for kids between the ages of 4 and 8 at OC Fight Club . Does anybody else see a problem with this ? 
I can haz underemployment benefits nao ? o wait , howabout full employment ? kthxbai . 
Today was good . 
Three callbacks today ... I just * might * end up staying in the states afterall . 
The only thing you should all be thankful for this year is that I don't have my own Nuke . Also for Christmas I want a picture of black jesus or the black last supper . 
I got my old , Aussie passport today . The Nationality listed ? Australian ... gives me a warm fuzzy feeling inside . Still can't eat vegemite , though . 
Hella stuff to do today/this week . Statement of purpose , letters of rec , transcripts ... blah . 
Facebook made me delete the titty-ass boner ... :-( 
I really need to bite the bullet and fix my window ... 
Leave it to the Aussie Professor to pull through and write me a great letter- Good on ya Professor < PROPFIRST > . 
Dear EDD : Thanks for my $78 unemployment check . I'll cook it up and eat it for as much good as it'll do me . 
Just applied to two more grad schools , gracias mi amor . 
GREs tomorrow- I haven't been this stressed over a test since I slept with that homeless guy . 
GREs in 4 hours . Yikes . 
Disregard my earlier post . I failed . I think I'll join the army now . 
I got a raise . Hooray ! 
How does listening to ' Israelites ' make me feel better about being broke ? 
Normally I love rain , but not when my Driver Side Window is broken . 
It's finally Australia day ! Too bad there's not celebrations to speak of today . 
OK , so I finally have insurance . I want to see a shrink ; but I can't until 3/14 or else it will be a pre-existing condition . Also , if I seek help it's a pre-existing condition . So I just looked without using my ID number and guess what ? Lots of psychologists , but none are certified- really Blue Cross ? Guess it's better than no coverage . 
People always tell me to have faith ... I do have faith- in random anonymous blackmail . 
I'm going to see THE SPECIALS ! 
Heaven help you if you can't hold your job act together . Put a smile on it or it's cat food for dinner tonight . A decade of cat food is 3,652 cans . 
I'm like a lost puppy right now . 
Oh god , another week . Here we go ... 
Screw you too UCI ! I didn't want to get a PhD there anyway , you assholes ! PS Your campus sucks ass and the food tastes like shit . 
Looks like it's off to the army for me . 
This weekends reminders : A rolled foot and a serious case of concert ear . Now back to the grind . 
Can't catch a break . 
I only need $700 to become a certified Hypnotherapist . Whatta country ! 
Seems like everybody's having a shitty day . Good thing I took a nap . 
thinks @ < PROPFEMALE > mejia is a very handsome lady and is very fond of her . 
quitters never fail and failures never quit . I just thought of that . 
Stupid fuckin X-Box broke again . Looks like it's dumb ol ' books for me . 
My < PROPMALE > just tied his shoes today ! No tears , complaining or help- he just did it ( too bad they weren't Nikes , heh ) . 
moar pew pew ... less QQ 
is chasing the green < PROPFEMALE > . 
fuck Bar Pink ! buncha twats ! 
R.I.P. my beard . 
I got a talking to about my TPS reports six times this week , 4 via email and 2 in person . Fuck this shit , I need to have a meeting with the Bobs . 
I don't care what song you like . stop posting youtube music videos . 
I wish I was on some Australian mountain range . I got no reason to be there , but I imagine it would be some kind of change . 
One year with my amor and my life has had its ups and downs , but it wouldn't have been the same without her . 
I'm missing the US/ England game QQ . 
Who would win in a fight ? Blackula or Blackensten . 
go aussie ! 
Damn you AST ! 
I lost a client today : always a bummer . At least I lost him because he's progressing and mom doesn't feel like she needs my help anymore . 
Intarwebs ! JESSS ! ( see ? no blackberry icon at the bottom of the post ) . 
My little dude \graduated from < PROPFIRST > school\ " . It made me smile . " 
Okay , I don't know details but hepcat is coming up . Apparently it's a $10 show , and I got an email from ticketmaster saying if you use the ticket code ' TUESDAY ' you get two-fer-one tickets . What do people think ? 
I just got an email saying ' Thanks for your compliance ' , and the other day my supervisor told me about how her daughter ' eloped ' . I hope I don't end up a therapist that uses the jargon in my everyday lexicon . 
Thanks to the power of denial I'm immortal . 
Rushed out the door this morning to get to my fill-in session and sure enough the family wanted to cancel . Why does everyone cancel now that I don't get paid for it ? 
Saw the HBO < PROPFEMALE > Grandin move . I liked it but < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE>'s < PROPFEMALE > was more like a cross between < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > S . Thompson . 
Time to start up with my over-40 hour a week , 6 day a week schedule again . Yay . 
My new kid had TWO spaceman sets and didn't even wanna play Astronauts today ... :( 
my gi 
My girl just gave me some chips and salsa and beer while I play video games because my dinner wasn't ready- and I didn't even ask her . now that's a down-ass jaina . 
I work too fuckin ' much . 
Got out of my first client late because he couldn't stop listening to the blues/soul station on my phone . so cute ... 
Maybe I should move sooner- 
http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-11139960 ( stolen from < PROPFIRST > ) . I can't wait to get my REAL passport . 
Aley County Fair today . Anyone wanna come eat turkey legs and see some cholos ? Gimme a ring . 
LA fair game : homies are 5 pts ; teen moms are 20 ; smoking/drinking pregnant woman is 50 and 100 pts if she's a high schooler . 
Time to play the wait for work game , gah . 
It's here It's here It's here It's here It's here It's here It's here It's here It's here It's here It's here It's here It's here It's here It's here It's here It's here It's here It's here It's here It's here It's here ! 
I just won a 4v1 all by myself in reach ! 
Why am I up so goddamn early on my day off ? 
Please put this as your status if you know or are related to someone killed on the Death < PROPFEMALE > when it was obliterated by the Rebel Terrorists . The empire brings unity , but the rebel terrorists continue to < PROPMALE > division and hatred . 265,675 imperial citizens died in the terrorist attack against the Death < PROPFEMALE > ; 93% of you won't copy/paste this . Will YOU make this your status for at least one hour ? 
Got a big day of gaming ahead of me . 
< PROPFEMALE > Mejia just gained 575 xps and leveled up by attending the midnight release of Fallout : New Vegas . 
Happy Birthday Dizz , in your honor I'm only eating Salt Peanuts today . 
No RRoD today , yay ! Oh wait , E74 ... FUUUUUUUUU 
Hell Yea , I just landed my R/C chopper on the fridge next to the lucky charms without losing any of our brave men , now for a safe evac ... 
< PROPFIRST > Carlin narrated the old < PROPFIRST > the Tank Engine cartoons . 
OK everyone , we set the date for September 24th so go get your passports updated because it's in TJ . PS - Open Bar 
Why am I up so damn early ? 
It doesn't really feel like Halloween to me this year . Maybe I accidentally grew up . 
Well , it looks like Jello Biafra is a prophet after all . Now mellow out or you will pay . 
Saturdays suck ass . All of you having good Saturdays suck ass too . I'm grumpy . 
baldheads in SC got no riddim . QQ 
OK , I beat New Vegas ... what now ? 
: 1 part commodoties trader and 1 part medieval moneychanger . 
es chiqueado 
Can we play ' Battleshots ' soon ? 
I got one of my little dudes into < PROPMALE > and Hobbes today- glad to know I did something productive . 
YO GABBA GABBA ! 
Stay funky . 
RIP my glasses . 
When did you first learn that Jesus was a Black Jew ? 
10 Monsters for $10 = 100 Monsters for $100 ! Fuck Yea 
Well well , if it isn't the Mass Exodus of the cartoon characters . 
Now that all the pictures are down can I go back to smacking my kids when they don't listen ? 
Who is Electric Sharctothrilla ? 
Walking Dead only has 6 Episodes !?!? I'll be waiting season , two ... ( PS - No spoilers plz , I'm not done with the whole season yet ) . 
Alright , my money was approved . Now I just have to wait . 
Who wants to have a real Festivus this year ? Complete with the pole and the airing of the grievances ? I'd like Dec . 23rd but that's kinda tricky for me . 
OK , moving is stressful enough but now I have a leaky roof to deal with to boot . I have to tell my landlord I'm leaving my lease early * and * he has a potentially large repair on his hands ... this can't end well . 
PS - Tickets to Oz have been paid for . 
Radio Clash on 94.9 , < PROPFEMALE > Christmas to me ! 
Old recordings of < PROPFIRST>'s show , ' London Calling ' on 94.9 . < PROPMALE > ! 
I saw a < PROPMALE > on the freeway . 
Happy New Years to all the Aussies . Next year I'll be celebrating before all you American suckers . Have fun stuck in the past bitches ... I'm going to the future ! 
Anyone wanna live in San < PROPMALE > ? Do you know someone who does ? I gotta rent my apartment to somebody , it's a cheap and good apartment conveniently located near multiple bars , sushi restaurants and the beach trail . 
Oh yea , next time you make an ' Aussies are criminals ' joke just remember that < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > were Penal Colonies too . 
Aussie bank account is GO !! Well , tomorrow it will be . 
Thelonius Monk Beer , Specials , Misfits , Mexican Coke in a Bottle and a Carnitas Sandwich . Good Dinner . 
slackers farewell , doesn't get any better . 
I'm infirmed and non-ambulatory . What's worse is < PROPFEMALE > is tryinbg to kill me to get my $0.04 million . 
To those of you who believe in zodiac : is your behaviour going to change now that you have a new sign ? 
At first I heard rocksteady it thrilled me to the bone . 
http://m.cnn.com/primary/_BhN21A-ij8eqiHX8s 
Last day of work today . Though there won't be much work happening today . < PROPMALE > E . Cheese counts as therapy , right ? 
Rancid ( 2000 ) , I promise never to forget you again . 
All my ish is on sale on CL . If you need anything lemme know and I can sell/give you some of it . 
Happy Australia Day . And then it's Australia Day here tomorrow . Two for 1 ! 
I'm selling my car and it's clean now . Who wants it ? 
I'm selling my Xbox 360 and it's clean now . Who wants it ? 
Ok , so I was googling unemployment rates because I like to be a prophet of doom :\ 
12.4% in Cali ( and holding steady ) , 9.1% in the US . Then I typed ' < PROPFEMALE>' in Google- 7.2% ! WTF ... oh wait , that's < PROPFEMALE > County , TX . Phew . 
Car's still for sale , who's gonna make me an offer ? 
My car is sold , all my Chino/Irvine people : can I get a lift to my going away party , and prolly back home ? 
New plan , I have lots of shit . Furniture , CDs , etc . Most of it is free , the bigger ticket stuff costs money . Come get that shit . Car is 80% sold , don't know for how long I'll have it . So I may be stranded . 
Disneyland fucked my shit up . 
car's still for sale , needs spark plugs- lemme know . 
Thanks to everyone who came out yesterday , it was a blast and I'm happy to have seen everyone . The downside : the fact that I'm leaving is now painfully real- but I got a < PROPMALE > to say bye to everyone . 
Made it safely to Oz , though the flight and quarantine was a pain in the ass . Fiji was great and when I get my own intarnets and cellphone I will be making contact with everyone . Also , Melbourne kicks your city's ass . 
Still in Oz , it still kicks ass . Still no time to post pictures , but they will be up eventually . 
We had the whole crew under one roof for the first time in years . :-) 
Decided to show some gumption and hand in a resume . Too bad they moved a couple of months ago . 
I successfully navigated from North < PROPMALE > , to South < PROPMALE > , to federation square , to < PROPMALE > . :-D 
To all my USA people : I'm going to be calling people , so if you get a call from a 0400 or unavailable number , it's me . 
I'm pretty sure a catholic saint doesn't want us screwing in his memory . 
I've never been called overqualified for a real job before ... feels good brah . 
Job interview today , taking care of five autistic kids at once . 
OK , I'm really tired of filling out applications . 
Is it just me , or has FB become a way to check up on long lost people to make sure you're more successful than them . 
Why does watching cricket feel so right ? 
What's a \Oscar's\ " . " 
I must be the only person overqualified for 50% of jobs and underqualified for the other 50% . 
I have two missions : buy a hat and freak out the normies . 
I have a job interview with the salvos , can't forget my tambourine . 
Now I have an interview at a catholic school . I have my cross and have been taking communion all day . 
Hearing the bells at St. < PROPFIRST>'s makes me wanna go out , but it's too cold . 
Burn In Hell live at the Town Hall ! 
I got rejected from more jobs , luckily I got a ' raise ' 
I got a job teaching Social Skills to kids on the ASD . Start a week from Monday . 
I'm sorry Nate's Dog died too . 
You meet the most interesting smells on the tram . 
I had a great day at the zoo with my family . Pictures to follow . 
Now that I have free health insurance I can pursue my passion for roof jumping . 
Any tips on winning the lottery ? 
I got two jobs , and actually told them they needed to put me at the top of their payscale for me to work there . And it worked ! Whaddacountry . 
The sound of the F1 race sounds like thousands of clockwork wasps wreaking havoc in the City . Its cool . 
I will always bruk out . HS always 
I've been officially dubbed ' Uncle Hello < PROPFEMALE>' . 
The stars go in and the stars go out . Punk Rock's what it's all about . Even when you're chillin out . 
Day-um , shit just got real . REAL real . 
I'm now a public servant . Hellooo fringe benefits . 
Looks like somebody has a 5 day weekend coming up ... 
RIP < PROPMALE > Tarantino . I was never a huge fan but you were one hell of a filmmaker . 
I just found out < PROPMALE > Smith wrote the music for 7th Heaven ... Yes , the TV show . 
Apparently Oregon is playing classical music at tram stations to keep people from loitering ... Stay classy Portland . 
3d brain reference tool on my phone FTW !!!!!!! 1 
I'm on a train , bitch . Stop hatin'! Why you hatin'! ?!? 
They should have free samples of deodorant on every train platform . That'll be my campaign when I run for MP . 
I want a pen made out of a piece of the Titanic . 
' s got wheels now =D 
Wooo ! Go Padres ! I hope you beat Notre Dame 10-luv . 
Got a busy day of playing video games , I'll probably get overtime as well . Guess my Sunday's ruined . 
Stupid crappy rain . 
3 Day weekend is total WIN ! 
So I'm getting paid to go to < PROPFEMALE > Park tomorrow . Its a tough job but somebody has to do it . 
20/4 doesn't have the same ring to it as 4/20 . Hope you have fun , HS . 
Yay , no soccer today . My body can recover . 
Let the five day weekend begin ! 
House of pain was a bunch of white guys ? Mind = blown . 
I can't believe its already almost Friday again . Next week is gonna draaaaaaaag . 
Welcome to Costco ... I love you . 
See what staying up all night gets ya ? A free bike ! 
If I see the meme about the birth certificate one more time I'm going to lose my shit . Also , I get it- everyone is stoked he's dead but lets all stop carrying on like we got the most gold medals at the Olympics and maybe try to be a bit more dignified . 
Hooray for Wednesdays off . 
Y&J can kiss my fat < PROPFEMALE > ass , buncha inbred bogan piles o ' shit . Tell me I'm \ too drunk\ " when I'm more cogent than they can ever hope to be . " 
