Whew ! I'm all partied out ! 

Want's to take boat out , but is out of gas for truck . This makes me sad . :-( 
Yay ! Boat today ! Any guys who are up , I'm taking my boat out on the vermillion river . I will be launching on the 2nd st. boat launch in cow town at 10:30 AM . Anyone who is interested is to meet me down there . For today , this is a guys only outing ! ( Sorry 
The boat was lots of fun ! The Vermillion was mostly a success ! There will definently be more outings on that river . I'll keep y'all posted ! 
The anticipation is KILLING ME ! I don't want to wait anymore ! It's only a matter of hours now ... 
Had CRAZY FUN At Valleyfair yesterday !!! 
Going to have fun with < PROPFEMALE > today ... 
Just got back from Sonshine Music Festival ! IT ROCKED !!! Absolutely one of the most amazing things I have EVER witnessed ! I'm going back next year ! 
Job interview tonight ; pray for me guys ! 
I am addicted all over again to Halo 3 now that I have Live AND all the map packs ! 
My Sweetie comes home today and on our 3rd monthaversery no less ! 
I have family visiting from Portland , Oregon and they're so excited to see their big cousins ! 
< PROPFEMALE > is slowing down my internet , but I love her anyway . ;-] 
is enjoying the sunshine ; Thank you God for the good weather and for wathcing over us ! 
Got to sleep in today ; HOORAY ! 
To anyone who cares , I love < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Had fun playing Halo at Jakes house ; One achivment closer to the vid master Armor ! I'm all Haloed out for now ... 
We can make it BIGGER , Stonger , Faster ! We HAVE the TECHNOLOGY !!! My project is begining to come together ... 
I'M HIRED ! I GOT THE JOB AT THE BUS COMPANY ! 
< PROPFEMALE>'s lake-lot was WAY SWEET ! I had so much fun with her and her family ! 
Back to school for my brothers means back to work for me ; I'm happy that I get money again , but it also means I need to obey a work schedule once more . Oh well ... ($$$YAY ! $$$) 
Halo 3 : ODST ROCKS !!! Go Srgt . < PROPMALE > , HOORAH ! 
This is < PROPFEMALE > on < PROPMALE>'s account saying , \Hi < PROPMALE>'s page ! \"" 
Happy Six Months < PROPFEMALE > ! This half year with you has been fantastic ; let's make the next half even better ! 
Im with < PROPFEMALE > right now ... 
Life is like a ( insert metaphor here ) , you ( insert connection here ) ... 
Yay ! One week ' til Christmas ! 
WOOHOO ! SNOOOOOOOOOOOW ! 
is hungry . FOOD TIME ! 
Just put a new PS2 up for sale on eBay ! It can come with Grand Theft Auto : San < PROPMALE > if the price is right ! Here's the link if anyones interest or if you know someone who may be interested . http://cgi.ebay.com/Sony-Playstation-2-slim-console-GTA-San- < PROPMALE > -game_W0QQitemZ110485494215QQcmdZViewItemQQptZVideo_Games ? hash = item19b972d9c7 
VIKINGS LOST ! NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO ! What the * Censored**Censored * is wrong ! Oh , did I say that ? Whoops ... ( Darn it . ) :-( 
I leave for < PROPFEMALE > in exaclty 108 hours ! REAL Mexican Food , HERE I COME ! 
is ready to help the orphans ! Keep me in your prayers guys ; < PROPFEMALE > isn't exactly a walk in the park . I'll be thinkin ' ' bout y'all while I'm gone . Have fun in the cold ! -only six hours until departure ... 
is back from < PROPFEMALE > , Mexico ! 
is offically off the hook and free to do what I want for spring break ! 
Yay ! Today is my Anniversery with < PROPFEMALE > ! Big Date planned ; it's going to be lots of fun ! 
Today is GORGIOUS ! I wan't to be out NOW ; but I have work . Oh well ... 
I just laid witness to the closest lightning-strike in my life ! A wishbone shape spire drove down from the sky a quarter-mile away from where I stood on my porch ! My jaw dropped and eyes grew in amazment ; quickly realizing how close it was , I plugged my ears in anticipation of the oncoming clap . A BLAST like that of a railroad petroleum car smashing into a rock wall and exlpoding on impact came booming at me ! 
My co-workers and I had a lifeguard only pool party today after work , and we got to bend and break just about every rule ! IT ROCKED ! Favorite part ? Ten people going down the tube slide on a two person tube , at once ! 
SONSHINE 2010 WAS AMAZING !!! I had Soooooooo much fun ! I got to listen to/see over 20 different bands ( could've seen more ... ) , I got close up video of the Newsboys , and an autographed T-shirt from Go Fish ! Plus , including food , gas , and ticket , I did it all for $100 or $25 a day ! I hope to bring more people next year to this great event ! 
No work today because of the rain and cold temps . Occupational hazard I guess ... 
Picking up shifts at the pool as easy as eggs ; I'm practically full-time ! I'm am the Sub-Shark ! 
Yup , my 15th monthaversery with my < PROPFEMALE > wuzzzz ... yesterday , dang . But still , Happy Monthaversery < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Thanks to all who came out on my boat ! It sure was a blast . Be on the look out , there's another outing comin ' quick ! 
It's official : my boat has a cruising speed of 2.25 mph with the barge . At first I was getting 0.44 mph for my result , but then I realized it was the reciprocal of the correct answer . My estimations for a boat only cruising speed are set at 3.5 -4 mph but at this point are still unofficial . 
I , AM , SO , TIRED ! I'm gonna try energy shots . Never had'em before and I hope they do the trick ! 
Yay , boat day ! But first , I must sleep . 
Today was a blast ! I got a huge work out . I took my boat , barge and all , down the Mississippi with < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPFEMALE > R and we had a lot of fun . We also learned many things to make next time better . It took 8 hours to go down with the barge ; next time we'll try without . Plus , the boat did not breakdown once . Nothing bad happened ! I can't wait to go again ! 
wishes the sun would come out so I can recharge . I just feel drained ... 
It's been a couple years , but I'm making my white chocolate macademea nut cookies ! Some for food day at church , some for a party at work , and maybe some for friends ! ;-] 
Just finished making my very delicious cookies . I've had a few and MMMmmm ... They're AMAZING ! YUM ! 180 of them are ready for rapid distribution . 
is experiencing gastrointestinal trama ! What that means is that I just had a freakin ' huge burrito from Chipotle and I am stuffed beyond all belief ! 
is now sleep deprived . Oh well ; that's what new video games do to people . REACH ! Hoo-RAH ! 
Life is like a rollercoaster . I'm not going to elaborate . You get the idea ... 
It's now October . Halloween is coming . That means party too ... 
First night of fundraising went well ! Grossed $250 , netted $125 , and just $ 1,075 to go ... 
Fundraising went very well yesterday ! My totall gross is just shy of $800 and my net is $350 ! Today , I'm going for $500 ; let's see what happens ... 
\Welcome to Chipotle ! How may I serve you ? \ " \ 
Many have countless wishes ; a cancer patient , one : to be healed . Knowing most of you will not post this doesn't bother me because I know a few will . Please repost this , if just for an hour , in honor of those who died of cancer or who are still fighting ! Rest in Peace , Grandpa < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Almquist : 10/6/1930-12/24/2008 
ValleySCARE was a blast ! But that was only the beginning ... 
The Halloween party last night was fantastic ! Thanks to all who came ; it meant so much to me ! Now all I need to do is clean up the mess . Whew ! 
=-D Dry-ice bombs are fun ! 
First day at Chipotle ! It was great ; I had fun ! Now I get to do it all over again tomorrow ! MMMmmm , Burritos ... 
Getting my haircut today ! It's gonna be short again ! 
IT'S SNOWING !!! I threw the First snowball of the season ! First ! 
Today , four years ago , I asked my first girlfriend out . Through my three past relationships I learned dignity , dependability , and discipline . Now , on the < PROPFEMALE > of this milestone in my life , I'm determined to find out what's next ! C'mon world ; Hit me with your best shot ! 
I'm sooo close to having my trip paid for in full ! Just a few more good hours of fundraising should do ... 
is < PROPFEMALE > happy , he can't contain his laughter ! 
I'm sooo full ! Ugh ... I'm gonna sleep well tonight and , * GASP , I don't have to get up tomorrow ! Happy Thanksgiving to my family , friends , and loved ones ! 
Well , the poinsettias are here , and guess who gets to deliever all 116 of them ? ME ! Let's see how fast I can do this , but first ... Sleeeeeeep . Life makes me tired . 
Thursday ? Already or about time . This week is going fast and slow simultaneously ; it's weird ! It's kind of like playing Halo while my brother peruses Youtube at the same time . I just wish I knew why the proverbial \lag switch\ " of life keeps getting fipped . I'ma geek ; comparing my life to video games ... " 
Sliding down a flight of steps on a sled , doing front-flips off the patio into snow drifts a story below , writing threatening messages on my brothers window ... I love Winter ! 
The one time I actually want to upload a new picture for my profile and this < PROPFEMALE > of a computer decides it doesn't like my camera ! RAWR ! 
It's official ; I'm spending New Years in New York ! Big Apple , here I come ! 
Five more days until New York ! This is gonna be fun ! 
Christmas is like chocolate . There's a different flavor for everyone . \ 
My flavor ? Extra Dark ; bitter-sweet . 
I'M BACK !!! NY was a BLAST ! This trip was an experience that I will remember and < PROPFEMALE > ' til the end of my days . 
When you spend the eveing catching up with friends old and new , it makes sleep seem less important the futher you go , until you say good night to the last of your contacts , then BAM !, it hits you . Time for sleep ... 
1/11/11 ... For some reason , it sucked . 
YEAH ! I just met one of my goals at Chipotle ! I finished cleaning the kitchen before 11PM ! I did it in 1 hour and 52 minutes from start to finish ! Very difficult , but I'm stoked now ! WOO-HOO ! 
Mending rips in jeans take forever ! 
I can see clearly now , the rain is gone ! Now if only all the clouds would go away ... 
Today was fun , but still no sun ... 
What is a heart like more ? A piniata or the ball in a pinball machine ? \ 
You decide ... 
I'm working on a new secret concoction of a cookie recipie . It's < PROPFEMALE > delicious , I haven't started and I'm already drooling over the results ! 
My chocolate peanut butter deluxe swirl cookies turned out GREAT and they're AMAZING in milk ! Soooo , who's hungry ? 
Internal drama wrought from the almost heart-wrenching anticipation I'm experiencing has forced me back upon an old but familiar comfort ... \ 
Reading . 
Often times I dream of music of a river that freely flows . \ 
It sings a song sweeter than < PROPFEMALE > ; a song everyone should know ... 
You know I'd never ask you to change . If perfect's what you're searching for , stop searching and please stay the same . Don't bother asking if you look okay because you already know what I will say ... 
Happy Valentines Day every one ! I had red all day ; my shirt was red , my fuel light was red , my hand was gushing with red , haha ! Yeah , I stabbed my hand at work today , got three stitches ; lots of fun ! I watched it get sewn up too ; it was cool ! 
GIRL SCOUT COOKIES ! As if I don't already have enough cookies ... 
Ever have one of those days where everthing that could go wrong , does ? Well , today certainly wan't anything like that for me ! Everything just seemed to work out . God is good ! 
If good music is life , inspiration like water , and thought like a desert , you have to find a freakin ' oasis eventually , right ? I'm soooo parched ! 
How is it that a heart feels lighter when it's full and heavier when it's empty ? 
I wanna start it over ; start again . I want a new beginning , one without an end . \ 
I've heard it in the silence , seen it on a face , and felt it in a long hour like a sweet embrace . I feel it inside calling out to me ! It's a voice that whispers my name . \ 
It's a kiss without any shame . Beautiful like a song that stirs in my head . It sings love will take us where there is beauty . 
Don't walk away from me . I need to get you next to me ! You've got game girl , step to me . Lose those friends and dance next to me ; just dance with me . Oh please , oh jeez , oh can't you see ? I've got to get you , baby , to lose yourself with me ! 
Remeber the desert of thought and the water of inspiration ? About that ... \ 
I keep seeing FREAKIN ' mirages ! 
Wait ! Is that , an oasis ?! 
Found a freakin ' sweet guitar at Guitar Center . It fits me like a glove and plays like a dream . I want it ! It's only a matter of time now ... 
As this Behny falls another rises to meet the day ! \ 
Translation : I'm going to bed just as my brother is getting up for showchoir stuff at the highschool . 
My life is flashing before my eyes ! When you're having fun , time goes by quickly ; but when you get distracted , who knows how much time has gone ! 
Last day of Feburary ; soon my waiting will come to an end ! 
I grow tired of waiting ... 
I shut my eyes in search for sleep . I toss and turn in hope of dreams . Awakened by a voice that was so clear , it felt so near to me . I want your love , I need your touch . I've been missing you so much ! I reach out for your hand and now it feels like I am falling down , down , down , until I kiss the ground , ground , ground ... 
Whoa-oa-oa ! I feel good ! I knew that I would . \ 
I feel good , oh , I knew that I would , now ... \ 
So good , so good . I talked with you ! Yeow ! 
Has three days off from both jobs in a row ! I am having a mini staycation ! Now what to do with all this time ... 
Finished writing my second song this week ; I'm on a roll ! Now if only I had the sweet guitar I want to play along with the vocals ... 
Almost done with my , * ahem , ballad . I have 31 lines and I just need five more ... 
Done with song ! It's slow , it's sad , but it's way cool ! 
It's said , \You will reap what you sow . \ " Why is it so hard to decide ? \ 
Well today SUCKED out loud !! Silver lining ? At least my car is undamaged , to which I credit Jesus . I'm thankful , but still PO'ed . 
Today was better . I think i'll go skiing tomorrow with all the fresh snow we've got while it's still here ! 
So much for skiing , they closed for the season without me knowing , ( DANGIT ! ) . Oh well , I guess now's the time to switch gears anyway . Two more days ' til MEXICO ! 
In 5 hours it's off to mexico . Keep me in your prayers , please and pray for excellent weather ; < PROPMALE > wants a jump start on his lifeguard tan ! See y'all in a week ! 
I'm in mexico and I'm lovin ' it ! ( Eat your heart out , Micky-D's!) The work is fun so it's not work and I'm learning more spanish with the help of my new amigos ! I'll be back this monday so keep me in your prayers . Thanks a bunch , y'all! 
Going to Spanish church today . I hope we get the message ! 
It's good to be home ! We worked our butts off , yet it wasn't really work , ya'know ? I'll miss the children , the missionaries < PROPMALE > & < PROPFEMALE > , ( the chicas ! ) and all the great locals who worked side by side with us ! But now , I think I'll get me some Chipotle ! 
