Fell asleep around 7:30 or 8 , then woke up to ring in the New Year and ended up staying awake laughing at my friend until 4ish in the morning . I am so tired but happy about the way my New Year started ! 

Hope everybody had a great New Years ! I'm still recovering and trying to catch up on sleep so I can go to Fort Smith in the morning . 
In Fort Smith visiting the Family ! Still kind of tired from the New Year festivities though . 
Woke up in Ft . Smith to some snow falling ... Hoping it is just a dusting so I can get home later . 
Just hooked the kids up with a webcam so we can Skype once I get back to < PROPMALE > . So far the test run has worked ! 
It snowed on me most of the way home and now it's snowing here ... I think I've had my fill of snow for the day . 
Finally got my DSL up and running ! 
Sitting at Bale getting my oil changed ! I hate waiting ... 
Paying bills before heading out to work ... 
I got stung by a < PROPFEMALE > ! My foot is still throbbing and I can't sleep . 
Was supposed to work today but decided to just veg out and catch up on my shows . 
Just got done cleaning the front half of the house . Sitting here trying to decide if I want to clean the rest ... 
Cleaned most of the house ... Dang ! I have the bedroom and bathroom left for tomorrow and laundry ... Yuck ! 
Daven just informed me she has ( 3 ) sisters ... < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > and Aspen . ( How cute ! ) 
Ready for the weekend . 
Frustrated I woke up at 3:30 in the morning ... Too late to take an Ambian though . 
Got sent home from work for having pink eye ! Dang it ! 
About to leave to go see New < PROPFEMALE > ! Ready for some popcorn ! 
Packing Daven's bags so she can go spend a few days with Oh Meme ... I'm going to miss her but maybe I will get some things accomplished around the house . 
Not wanting to work this week ... Ready for Turkey Day ! 
I am sooo glad to be home ! I love the family but after a bit I just want my own bed . 
Starting my Spring Cleaning in the Winter this year ... It may take until Spring to get it all done . Spent 3 hours on the kitchen last night . 
Aspi will be proud ... The bathroom is now spotless ! 
About to take the baby to dance then heading home to get more cleaning done . 
Just dropped the carpet fresh can on my big toe ! Cleaning is a hazard ! 
TGIF ! Busy busy weekend ahead but at least I may get to sleep in tomorrow . 
Got off work today to come home and work from home ... I'll love the check but hate all the work I had to do to get it . 
Finally giving up on working from home for the night ... Hope everyone has a better Friday night than I did ! : ( 
Awake and debating on whether to start work now or procrastinate a little longer ... 
Just got done watching the SEC Championship Game . Just chilling with Daven until bedtime ... 
Now watching the Big 12 Championship ... I'm for Texas on this one . ( I may be wrong . ) 
About to watch < PROPFIRST > Macguire ... \You had me at hello . \"" 
Since I'm doing a mushy weekend for movies I think I will watch \The Notebook \"." 
Time for bed ! 
Almost time to start getting ready for work ... Hope everybody had a great weekend ! 
Thinking about finishing the tree ... Maybe after dinner . Lasagna tonight ! 
Up but feeling like I didn't sleep at all ... 
Upset that everytime I try to get this house clean the kids think it is free rein to destroy it faster than I can clean ... I think I need the Super Nanny ! 
Between the wind and the cat even my sleeping pill didn't work last night ! 
Just got home ... Thinking of a hot bubble bath and a good book ! 
Dreading taking out the trash this morning . 
Ready for the weekend . I think we need to all work 4 day work weeks so every weekend is a 3 day weekend . 
Just finished Christmas shopping for Daven . I decided to go for quality this year instead of quantity . 
Home from work for the day ... Debating going in tomorrow but I for sure have to go Sunday . Now I know why it feels like the weekend goes by so fast ... 
Trying to get motivated enough to start on the laundry ... 
Finally home from the bday party . I think I'm too tired to get off this couch for the rest of the night ... < PROPMALE > E Cheese is like a workout for parents . 
Missing out on fun because I have to be at work today . I need a vacation ! 
I actually had the Powerball this week ! Too bad I only had one other number to go with it . $8 is better than none though . 
Just got done cleaning up puke and now doing laundry but not the laundry I had planned on doing ... My intelligent 4 year old decided to stick a marker lid down her throat and gagged herself which resulted in about 5 minutes of projectile vomiting onto my carpet . Yuck ! 
Where did my weekend go ? I need more weekends and less weekdays ... 
Busy week this week . Tonight is Aspen's choir performance . Christmas shopping Wednesday . Daven's dance recital Thursday . Aspen's dance recital Friday . Dance Christmas Party Saturday until 10:00 pm then hopefully a day full of rest on Sunday . Hopefully I haven't forgotten anything ... 
Is it Friday yet ? I'm ready for this week to end ! 
Pay day today ! I hate to go shopping but I need to finish up my Christmas shopping tonight and stock up on some groceries after I get off work . 
Finally finished with my xmas shopping for the girls ! Now the wrapping ... Ugh ! 
5 more days of work until Christmas ! I wish I was going home for Christmas this year ... If things work out maybe I can be in the Fort the day after Christmas to visit the family . 
Home from the babies dance recital , it was so cute ! Tomorrow night is the big girls then we are almost done with this hectic week ... 
About to head to Aspen's XMAS Dance Recital ! I sure am glad this week is over finally ... 
Home for the night . Going to try to finish the new < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > book before I go to bed . 
< PROPFEMALE>'s Thought for the Day : The worst thing a guy can do is make a woman fall for him with no intentions of catching her ... 
< PROPFEMALE>'s Thought for the Day : Women always worry about the things that men forget ; men always worry about the things women remember . 
Watching my \baby\ " play and enjoying it . It is amazing how fast they grow ... : ( " 
It's my day off and I'm already awake ! 
Thanks to my dear friend < PROPFEMALE > , I have discovered the joy of Scype . It is really cool I can now talk to my child face to face even if she isn't home . 
Getting ready to wake the girls up for school . I hardly slept at all last night so I am really going to be tired today . 
Home from work and debating on taking of Thursday or just getting up early to go in and getting my 6 hours over with . : ( 
God I am tired ! I think I've actually slept only 4 hours in the last two days ... I hate to do it but think I will have to take a sleeping pill tonight . Insomnia really sucks ! 
Going to wrap presents tonight after work I have procrastinated long enough I think ... 
Boiling my eggs so I don't have to do it tomorrow to make my Lucifer Eggs for Christmas Dinner ... It's going to be a crazy night trying to get everything I need to get done done . 
Eggs are boiled , presents wrapped . Now I just have to clean out the car , finish laundry , pack Daven's bags to go to her Dad's Christmas night , pack my bags to go out of town Christmas night , change the cat box and take out the trash . I feel like I'm forgetting something but it will have to wait ... 
Well , it's lightning here so I'm going to shut down my computer and unplug it from the wall . I have a few things left to get done . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > to All ! Muah ! 
Why is it every time a holiday is near one of my family members decides to make me feel horrible ... This time i was actually innocent . No wonder people get depressed during the holidays . 
about to head to work ... seriously thinking of craw ; ling back into bed for another hour . 
Well according to the news the interstate is closed ... Think I will crawl back into bed for a few more hours . On the plus side we may get some snow around 5ish ! < PROPFEMALE > Christmas < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Tried to go to the line but turned around . Nothing is worth waiting in that traffic ! 
Ugh ! This rain is getting annoying ! At least they have 1 < PROPFIRST > open on the interstate now . Oklahoma City is in the middle of a blizzard , hope it doesn't get that bad here . 
Find a guy ... Who calls you beautiful instead of hot ... Who calls you back when you < PROPFEMALE > up on him ... Who wants to show you off to the world when you are in your sweats ... Who holds your hand in front of his friends ... Wait for the one who is constantly reminding you of how much he cares about you and how lucky he is to have you ... Wait for the one who turns to his friends and says , \ ... that's her . \"..." 
< PROPFEMALE > is in Florida so it is time to cart the girls off to bed . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas everbody ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! The girls already tore through their presents and now it is time for Mommy to put together all the \assembly required\ " toys . I'm going to try to avoid those toys next year ! " 
So glad this day is over ! Ready to eat dinner then relax the rest of the night . 
It is so offical ! \Hi my name is < PROPFEMALE > and I am addicted to Criminal Minds . \ " I'm glad it is on almost every night ! " 
About to cook Mac&Cheese for me and the baby and trying to decide what to do for New Years < PROPFEMALE > ... So far I'm leaning toward staying home and going to bed early . 
Hoping today is a sign of what the New Year will be like ! I got home from work a few minutes ago and checked the mail . I got my Electric < PROPMALE > , which was actually almost a $180 credit ! Then I get out of my car and find a $5 in my yard ! Happy New Years to Me ! 
Heading over to my friends house for Fajita's around 6:30 ish ... I have a lot of stuff to accomplish before then . It's going to be a New Year when I wake up tomorrow , it seems like ' 09 just started ... Happy New Year to everybody ! Be safe ! 
New Year , Fresh Start ! What will this year bring me ? 
As my friend reminded me .... It is actully 1/1/11 ! LOL ! 
I am so silly ! I actually allowed someone to break my heart . 
Already ready for bed ! Of course the 4 year old slept the whole way home so she is bouncing off the walls ... Got to love just getting home from a road trip . : ) 
Time for bed ... Think I will run outside and freeze while checking out the weather . Then go try to get these wild children to bed . 
Monday already ... : ( Glad the roads aren't too bad so I can get into work and get the girls to daycare . PCSSD just closed so I'm hoping the daycare is open ! 
I guess snow does something crazy to children ... Mine have been bouncing off the wall all night long . LOL ! I have to admit , I am guilty of going outside to catch snowflakes on my tongue . ; ) 
Wow ! I actually slept like a rock last night , it must be the cold weather ... I almost turned off my alarm this morning instead of pushing snooze ! That would have been bad ! 
Finally sat down ! Dinner is over , laundry is going and now just a little bit of me time ! 
Question of the day : How much snow are we going to get , if any ? I know if I go to the store tonight it won't snow but if I don't go we will be snowed in all weekend . 
Sleeting here in < PROPMALE > ... 
Where is my snow ? 
Black 
Time to get the youngest pee pot ready for dance ... Thursdays are not my favorite day of the week . It seems like all I do is rush rush rush . 
TGIF ! No kids this weekend ... I'm ready for a weekend of total me time ! : ) 
Ugh ! Had to turn down the heat at home so I can avoid doubling my < PROPMALE > again next month ... ( Like I did this month ) I'm glad I have my trusty space heater . : ) 
About to hit the sack ... Just went outside and it is COLD ! Discovered no matter how cold it is inside , when you come in from outside your house feels warm ! 
Watching Extreme Makeover : Home Edition and debating on getting out of bed . My room is so warm with this little space heater that I could stay in bed all day ! 
About to take my afternoon nap ! It is way too cold to attempt to get out of this house today ... Brr ! 
Sitting home tonight again , I have no kids tonight but not willing to brave the cold to go do anything . Think I will pamper myself with a nice bubble bath and a facial . I may even repaint my nails ... 
Okay ... Survey time : How much did you get from the Tooth < PROPFEMALE > as you were growing up ? 
Don't you hate it when you wake up and you have 5 missed calls from a number you don't even know ? 
Laughing because I had a total chick night with a guy last night ... Ice cream and old movies ! LOL ! It is great to have friends like that . 
Copy this into your status and see what people rate you ... 1 : Crazy 2:I'd marry you 3 : Talkative 4 : Sarcastic 5 : Loveable 6 : Clubhead 7 : Moody 8 :D umb 9 : Spoiled 10 : Mouthy 11 : Random 12 : Hot 13 : Funny 14 : Fit 15 : Amazing 16 : Tough 17 : Cute 18 : BF/GF Type 19 : Player 20 : The Best ... be honest ! 
Monday again , already ? Yuck ! 
Home at last ! Time to throw in a pizza then relax a bit before bedtime ... 
Hate feeling under the weather during the work week ... Still going in though . : ( 
Stayed up too late last night talking on the phone ... What was I thinking ? 
Picked up the house a little bit when I got home , now I'm watching Idol ! Sooo Funny ! 
I learned a lesson today : Never buy batteries from the Dollar Store , they die in kids toys in 15 minutes . 
Trying to get in the shower ... Too tired to function today . Mom is having her pacemaker and defibrilator put in today and I didn't sleep too well last night ... Maybe I will take off around 2 so I can go up to the hospital . 
Taking Daven to dance in a few minutes . After she gets out we are heading up to the hospital to visit with Mom for a bit . 
Please put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who is an idiot . Idiots affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for stupidity , but we can raise awareness . 93% wont copy and paste this , many because they're too stupid to know how to copy and paste . Will YOU make this your status for at least one hour ? 
I did the Macarana with a baseball bat in line at the bank because Big Bird said to and he's my leader . 
About to watch \The Hangover\ " with a friend . I heard it was hilarious . " 
Sleep ... Sleep < PROPFEMALE > ! Wishing it was earlier so I could take an Ambien and drift away for at least a few hours . Once again insomnia really sucks ! 
Wishing I was at the horse races today . : ( 
Got to get ready to pick up Aspen from her sleepover in a few hours and do some laundry so I have something to wear on my semi-blind date tonight . Wishing I would have went to bed a little earlier last night . 
Dressed and ready for my \date\ " now I'm starting to get nervous ! " 
So Hollywood has Brangelina , now < PROPMALE > has Daspenelli ! LOL ! ( Daven , Aspen & < PROPFEMALE > ) The baby came up with it in the car on the way home from the movies and it has stuck . 
Time to start getting the girls ready for church . Trying to decide on what to make for dinner tonight ... Spaghetti , Taco's or Meatloaf ? 
I think I've decided on meatloaf , mashed taters and green beans . Yummy ! 
Drill Sergeant Aspen came home from church demanding we all get up and clean the house ... ( She want's a friend to come over so she is really into this ... Notice I'm still on the computer ! ) 
Just woke up from my nap ! Very refreshed ! 
OMG ! Not meaning to brag but that meatloaf was the bomb ! Mmm Mmm ! Daven will kill me tomorrow since she is getting leftovers for her school lunch . 
Finally home from work and picking up the girls . Glad this day is almost over . 
Can't wait for this weekend ! No kids so it's time for the comedy club Friday and a Hot Springs trip to enjoy nature for Saturday . : ) ~ 
Time for bed ! Yippy ! 
I hate nights like last night when no matter how tired I was I couldn't fall asleep ! Makes for a long day ahead . : ( 
Finally home for the night ! Don't think I'm going to stay up too late tonight , I'm tired ... 
It must have stormed last night ... I woke up with a cat and two girls in my bed . Thanks to Ambien , I didn't hear a thing . 
Yummy ! About to eat a stuffed bellpepper I picked up from Mom and Dad's house after work . I can't wait ! 
Six months until my birthday ! Hello Vegas ! 
Enjoying the storm . As long as there is no hail or tornados I love a good storm ... Think I will open the blinds so I can watch the lightning . 
Is tired of the daily grind ! I need to win the Powerball or something so I can take a few weeks off . 
Almost time to get Daven ready for dance then taking Aspen to go shopping at this little shop we saw Monday night . 
< PROPFEMALE > looking forward to this weekend ! No kids ... Looney Bin ... Hot Springs ! ( And on the 7th day she rested ! ) 
Waiting on my date to get here then heading out for steak and the comedy club . I'm really looking forward to laughing my butt off tonight ! 
My fine is $885.65 . Wow ! I need to calm down a little ... 
I think I am the only person who can go out with a great guy and gettiing into the truck to go home get hiit with a seatbeat buckle and start bleeding all over the place .... Wow ... Wonder if he will call back . 
COPY THIS INTO YOUR STATUS AND SEE HOW PEOPLE RATE YOU !!!!! 1-nuts . 2-I'd marry you . 3-talkative . 4-sarcastic . 5-smart . 6-cute . 7-moody . 8-dumb . 9-spoiled . 10-mouthy . 11-random . 12-hot . 13-funny . 14-fit . 15-amazing . 16-tough . 17-the best I ever had . 18-g/f b/f type . 20-the best . 21-freak . 22-quiet . 23-sexy . 24-adorable 
Had fun last night mudding with the teenagers of < PROPMALE > . Wow , I felt old ! All I can say is once the cops left we had a good time . LOL ! 
Okay guys ... I'm about to watch \My Sister's Keeper\ " so if I get all sappy and stuff I apologize in advance . LOL ! " 
Snow maybe on Friday ? What is up with this crazy weather ? Geez , I was about to pull out my shorts last week . 
I miss the days of living at home with my Grandparents and not having to pay all these bills every month ... Those were the good old days ! 
Hates waking up in the morning after a restless night and then realizing there is no caffine anywhere in the house ! 
It's that time a year when I could really use a vacation ... I'm burnt out from doing the same thing every day . A break would do me well . 
Well , I think I will sweep all the mud up out of the floor from this weekend and maybe mop then it's to bed for me . Night ! 
Waiting on the weather report this morning ... Doubt we will get anything on the ground Friday but it's worth keeping an eye on ( I guess ) . 
Home from work finally ! Now about to start cleaning the front living room . The baby has it looking like a bomb went off and I am sick of it ! 
Overslept from staying up almost all night ... Not wanting to go to work . 
Snow ? Ice ? Just because I want a day off of work , I know we won't get anything at all . 
Okay my house is not so big that I should lose the mean cat in it ... Wonder where that cat is at ? I'm needing to let the nice one inside before he freezes . Hmm ... 
Put this on your status and see how your friends respond . If you know me well , you know that I AM ____________ , I Love ___________ , and I can't stand ____________ . ( this should be interesting) !!! 
Wondering why < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > School Districts are always the last to close ? I'm going to be mad if I have to go to work then have to drive all over Gods Creation on slick roads to pick up the girls when they finally decide to close . 
Starting to snow here a bit ... The Daven is wanting to go outside to play in absolutely nothing ... She doesn't know it's no fun until it is on the ground . 
The Daven has been on me since 6 to take her outside ! Thinking once I get some caffine in me I will take her . 
OMG ! My daughter has me watching Pooh ... ( Tigger & Pooh ) 
Just watched < PROPFIRST > McGuire , god I love that movie ! 
is laughing at how lazy I have become . I just called my daughter in the next room to tell her something instead of getting up and walking in there . Gotta love cell phones ! 
Really getting mad that every movie I get from Netfix is scratched and skips ! Do they not check these things before they send them out ? 
Dang it Extreme Makeover ! You did it again ... Love to watch this show but it always gets to me . 
My throat is sooo sore .... Hopefully when I wake up it will feel better . 
Great ! My car has been recalled ... Guess I will have to clean it out and take it in . 
Wow , I am tired ! Think today is an energy drink type of day . 
Cooking dinner and trying to clean a little bit ... I'm not too motivated , so I doubt much gets done . 
I asked my 4 year old to clean her living room 2 hours ago ... Just looked in there and she is systematically destroying it worse . She is the \Ultimate Destructomatic \"." 
a person is stunningly beautiful and a person you always want to be with . a < PROPFEMALE > has blonde hair and is kinda short . a < PROPFEMALE > is funny and likes to eat a lot . a < PROPFEMALE > likes to talk about sex all the time . a < PROPFEMALE > is a all around amazing person . 
Go to Urbandictionary.com and enter your first name into the search . Copy and paste the first entry ( no cheating and picking the one you like the most ! ) 
After starring at the ceiling for an hour , I gave up and finally just got up . Never Knew NCIS is on at 4am in the morning ... 
Wow ! Finally home for the evening . I've got a load of laundry going and now I'm going to relax for a few hours . 
is wondering why it is that the more tired you are through the day ; the harder it is to fall asleep at night ? 
Well , I made it to pay day again . Now come on Saturday ! Time to party down for a friends birthday . 
Just got home now leaving again ... Going to go < PROPFEMALE > out with my < PROPMALE > who I haven't seen since New Years Day ! 
Is laughing at < PROPMALE > Brannon from Todays THV ; he just made a bet we would get 2 inches of snow over Monday or Tuesday in the weather garden . ( I doubt he wins that one ! ) 
The 4 year old is playing Wii , I doubt I will be able to get her off of it to go to dance tonight . 
I went to eat at Applebees last night . Really wish I would've been there the night before . All I got to watch was the police being called on people stupid enough to walk out on their ticket and forgetting they had to sign in with their membership number in order to drink . The night before somebody actually brought a horse into the place ! I saw a pic , talk about a customer with a long face ! 
Finally off work ! TGIF but now I'm too tired to actually do anything but veg out in front of the tv . 
4 am and I'm already awake ... Thanks to my Ex-Husband calling as he left a bar to see if I had beer . I knew I should have turned off my phone when I went to bed . 
Thinking I might go ahead and take a bubble bath before my hair appt and get pre-ready for the bday party tonight . Then maybe I can get in a hour nap sitting straight up so I don't mess up my hair before we go out tonight . 
Taxes done ! Come on and hurry with the return so I can go to St. < PROPFIRST > and gamble with my Mommy ! 
Wow ! It looks like there may not be work again tomorrow ... These are some big flakes . 
So ... I'm wondering if < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > are planning on cancelling school tomorrow . I wish they would decide to night so I don't have to get up in the morning to watch the news at 5:30 am . 
No school tomorrow ! That means no work for me ! Yippy ! Snow days rock ! 
Am I the only person that still has the old Facebook layout ? I saw the new one and I'm really not that fond of it so I hope mine doesn't change anytime soon . 
It's so nice to see the sunshine today ! Hoping the roads clear up so I can get out and about this afternoon . 
Just waiting on the small one to fall asleep so I can run up to the store to do a little bit of shopping . We are out of everything ! 
Made it back from Harps ! The roads are really drying out now . 
Spent all day thinking it was Monday ... LOL ! 
Hates being home alone when both the front and the back motion sensor lights light up at the same time ! Feeling a little bit creeped out ... : ( 
No more snow please ! I know the girls love it but I'm already ready for Spring to get here . 
One daughter is out of dance for the evening , now just one more to pick up at 8:30 then I am done for the night . Hoping we don't get anymore snow so I can have a 40 hour paycheck at least one week this month . 
We have a choice every day - to act on yesterday's good intentions or get an early start on tomorrow's regrets . ~ Robert Brault 
Snowing here in < PROPMALE > . Dang it ! 
There's one good thing about snow , it makes your lawn look as nice as your neighbor's . ~ Clyde Moore 
Amazing ! My daughter has her computer for less than 2 months and it's already broken ... It's not even paid for yet ! 
Weekends don't count unless you spend them doing something completely pointless . ~ Bill Watterson 
Seriously ! When do the lies stop ? I believe in honesty at all cost but others ( ex-mother-in-law ) think it is a good idea to teach my children the value of lying . How can you raise a child to be a honest child when everything you say is shot down by someone your child believes in ? 
You have to walk carefully in the beginning of love ; the running across fields into your lover's arms can only come later when you're sure they won't laugh if you trip . 
Hearing there is snow all around us , where in the heck is my spring ? Really getting tired of snow every other day . 
Trying to find something good on tv to watch ... No Aspii tonight , just me and Daven . All she watches are cartoons . Any suggestions ? 
Just finished watching Steel < PROPFEMALE>'s , wishing I had Fried Green Tomatoes ! 
Now that it's all over , what did you really do yesterday that's worth mentioning ? 
Got some of the house clean and a big dent has been made in the mountain of laundry that's been piling up . I've been very productive today , so now I'm just going to relax and watch t.v. until my load of laundry gets done drying . I should sleep super well tonight ! 
CAN'T SLEEP !!!!!!!!! Overtired has turned into unable to sleep . 
Glad I gave the youngest her bath last night ... 2 hours of sleep really isn't enough to function on so wish me luck on staying awake today at work . 
Ready for 5 o'clock tomorrow to get here ... It's payday and no kids . Ready to go < PROPFEMALE > out with one of my best buddies and laugh my butt off at his craziness . 
Time for bed ! Finally tired enough to sleep ( I think ) . 
Well , I was planning on going to the horse track Saturday but it looks like there is a 60% < PROPMALE > of rain so I guess my plans are going to have to change . : ( 
Time for bed ... Go Razorbacks ! Good game tonight . 
Off to work again . Happy it's going to get almost up to 60 today ! 
Getting ready to take Daven to dance . Wanting to go to bed already . 
Thinking of going out with my country boy friend tonight ... To bad I got woke up after a 15 < PROPFEMALE > nap earlier . Now we are trying to figure out where to go . 
If people would just let me sleep my life would be so much better . I'm about to put a sign on the front door everytime I lay down so people will just go away without knocking . ( Including the Jehovahs Witnesses ) 
Okay ... New plan for the day . Get out of the house and play some pool . Not really in the mood for Cowboy . ( I danced enough with 21 year olds two Saturdays ago ) I'm going to leave it up to my friend I guess , but if you have any suggestions , please share . 
About to get in the shower to go out ... Man I feel old ! It takes a 2 hour nap before I go anywhere these days . 
Sick of being sick ... Everytime the weather changes I end up with a cold or something . Come on Summer hurry up and get here . 
Home from Walmart . Spent way to much but at least now the girls have all their snacks so I can quit hearing about how hungry they are . LOL ! 
So grateful for one of my friends bringing me some cold medicine last night ! I might be able to breath a bit better today . : ) 
Daven has one more doctor appointment to go this week . She saw the dentist yesterday and the eye doctor today , tomorrow she gets to visit with the ear doctor . She has to be put under anesthesia at her next dentist appointment to get some work done on her teeth . I feel sorry for her ! 
Oh great ! My fever is coming back . No wonder I am feeling crappier by the minute , someone needs to make me a Hot Toddy and bring it to me . ( I hear they work . ) 
Dance is over for the night , now it is time for Tylenol Cold Nighttime and in about 30 minutes bed ! Glad this day is finally over ! 
Goodnight facebook world ... My meds are kicking in and I am about to pass out . One more day then I can rest and recover from this darn cold all weekend long ! Bye bye work ... Hello bed ! 
TGIF ! Hoping to relax and rest up this weekend . 
Finally home from the ear appointment for Daven ... She does have some hearing loss but it isn't too bad . No nerve damage so as she gets older it should improve . : D 
P . O . ed at my cell phone company ! They turned off my phone when I paid my < PROPMALE > on the day it was due . < PROPFEMALE>'s! It's about to be a fight ! 
Can't wait for next weekend to get here . Heading over to Ft . Smith to see the family and play some slots ! 
Okay , my Fort Smith trip is officially cancelled due to Daven's Dad cancelling on her this coming up weekend . I was really looking forward to going to the casino ... 
Waiting on Aspen to get home . Fight #1 with my sister is over for this visit . Let's see how many we have by the time she leaves ( whenever that is ) . 
Work work work .... Blah ! Looking forward to < PROPFEMALE > let's hope this week is better than last week . 
Wishing my doctor would have returned my call and called in my Z-Pack for me ... I'm tired of being sick ! 
Feeling the need for some Applebee's tonight ... Needing my Steak Portabella . Hoping I can taste it though ... 
< PROPFEMALE > 
Sooo glad it's Friday ! Now hurry up 5 o'clock so I can start my weekend . 
Done with work for the week and thinking about taking a nap while my sister watches the little munchkin . It's been a looong week ! 
Wow ! I just made the most spicy meatloaf ever ... If my mouth is burning I'm sure everybody elses is as well . It was good though ! 
Was supposed to go out tonight but was just too tired . At least I refuse to go to bed at 10 on a weekend ... LOL ! 
is wondering why it is that through the week I can't get my youngest out of bed to get ready for school but on the weekends she is up as soon as the sun comes up ? Is it some kind of unwritten kid rule ? 
Trying to decide what to lay out for dinner ... I'm leaning towards tacos and burritos but I could do spaghetti with meat sauce . I don't have time to thaw out my pot roast or I would pick that . 
About to get ready to take my sister to see her husband ... Then coming home to do some laundry and get ready to start the work week tomorrow . 
Mom took the girls bowling so I finally have my house to myself ... One load of laundry in and now I'm debating on an afternoon nap . 
is finally starting to feel better ! Took it easy this weekend and it seems like it helped . 
loves when it rains at night . I didn't want to get out of bed this morning . 
Okay ! My 4 year old just came in the living room and asked me if I could itch her butt ! LOL ! Talk about lazy ... 
can't wait for this week to end ! It was so nice yesterday and being stuck at work gave me a bit of Spring Fever . 
Ready for this weather to improve . This has been a horrible day ! One child puking and one with a rash plus an 11 hour work day . Come on day , please end ! 
Dang it ! I can't sleep ... Have to be up in less than 5 hours but still wide awake ! 
Weathered the storm last night . I'm glad it didn't get too bad . 2 more days until my weekend can start . Hope Aspen feels better today and makes it through the day at school . Love you baby ! 
Getting ready to take Daven to dance and pick Aspen up from Drill Clinic . I need a nap ! This has been a long week . 
Giving up on FB for the night , it doesn't seem to want to work right . Good night everybody ! 
Glad it's Friday , hoping Mom will watch the girls for a few hours tomorrow so I can go with one of my friends to get girlified ! Good luck at Dance Tryouts today Aspii ! Love you ! 
I am so proud ! Aspen made the < PROPFEMALE > Middle School Dance Team ! So did < PROPFEMALE > , I'm also proud of her ! : D 
About to get motivated to get in the shower and run into work for half a day . Hoping I get a lot accomplished so I can take a day off tomorrow . 
Just got home from a few hours of work and now I'm just relaxing ... Once Daven falls asleep it is nap time for Momma too . 
Poor Aspii is sooo sick ! Just got woke up to puke on my bathroom floor ... I'm too weak stomached to get it all cleaned up without puking myself ! I'm about to go in for try number 3 . : ( 
Thought of you with love today , but that is nothing new . I thought about you yesterday , and days before that too . I think of you in silence , I often speak your name . All I have are memories and a picture in a frame . Your memory is a keepsake , with which I'll never part . God has you in His keeping , I have you in my heart . Repost if you have a loved one in Heaven 
No school for Aspen tomorrow ... She is still a sick puppy . I'm just hoping my carpet survives another night . : D 
My poor babies are both sick but at Mom's house , so hello Monday ! Poor Daven was screaming with an ear infection last night and Aspen is still puking . 
Todays game - PLACE OF BIRTH ! Everyone please play ! You will find it interesting to know where your FB friends birth places are . Copy & paste this on your profile , then put your place of birth at the end of this sentence : Pryor , Oklahoma 
Both girls went to the doctor today and ( 5 ) prescriptions later hopefully they are on their way to a full recovery . 
Time for bed . Got to get up and do it all over again tomorrow . : ( 
Time for bed for this house ! Hope everybody sleeps well . : D 
Wondering if I have something green to wear today ... Happy St. < PROPFEMALE>'s Day ! 
Okay , the front livingroom is now clean as it is going to get . I think I'm giving up for the rest of the night . 
Night FB ! Night Aspen ! 
Was going to go to work early today , but woke up and just kept pressing snooze . LOL ! 
I am looking forward to this Saturday ! Make-overs with my friend < PROPFEMALE > then heading to the casino for a night of fun and gambling with another friend . Yippy ! 
Time for bed ! Today was a good day and I'm hoping tomorrow will be as well . 
Getting ready for work . Happy it's Friday ! 
Finally home ! The snow was pretty thank goodness it didn't stick to the roads ! 
Love knowing I am loved ! It's funny how a conversation on Facebook can be so uplifting after a long hard day . Loving my family and the family that isn't even related by blood but has been adopted in through time . : D 
Glad this week has started out good . I'm hoping for a pretty easy week so I have plenty of energy to fish this weekend with my Grandpa , Neice , Nephew , Aspen and Daven . 
Goodnight FB , time to get some beauty sleep . 
Wishing it was mandatory for all parents to be allowed off with pay for Spring Break . We should start a movement and enact a new law ! 
Ready for the weekend so I can go see my family and go fishing ! Two days and counting ... 
Officially broke from buying my oldest a new touchscreen phone ... She better love me forever for that one . 
Time for bed since this dang cat won't stay off my keyboard ! 
Time to get ready for work . TGIF ! Fort Smith tomorrow for some fishing with my Grandpa and the kids then back home Sunday to get ready to do the work thing all over again . 
Looking forward to taking the girls pishing ( Daven's way of saying fishing ) tomorrow with my Grandpa and my sisters kids . Hoping it doesn't rain or snow like it did last weekend . 
Time for my shower then I've got to get the girls ready for a long day of fishing and family visiting . Whoohoo ! No rain today please ! 
It was entirely too < PROPFEMALE > up here to do any good fishing . We stayed out for almost three hours and didn't even get a nibble ... 
is still single partly because she hasn't met the right guy and partly because she hasn't let go of the wrong one . 
Had fun in the Fort this weekend , ready to go back soon ! Hoping next time the fishing will be better . 
Kitchen clean , dishes washing and laundry is as done as it's going to get tonight . Maybe after the baby has her procedure tomorrow I will have time to finish off a few more things , depending on how well she does after the anesthesia . 
Getting nervous about today ... I really dislike knowing that my baby is going to be put under and drilled on . Hoping they can avoid the root canals ! Wish us luck ! 
Today has been a long day ! Waiting on my laundry to finish washing then heading off to bed . 
learned to never wear pigtails when going out ... I guess guys like that . LOL ! 
Love Wednesday nights , but hate Thursday days ! Had fun with my girl < PROPFIRST > last night though . 
Lately it seems like the kids are out of school more than in school ! I wish I could be off with them for Good Friday , I could use the break . 
Bed ! I love you ! 
Had fun last night , now time to unwind and start boiling those eggs . Thinking that I need a nap first though . 
5 dozen lucifer eggs ... Putting the final touches on them . Hope everybody is hungry enough to eat them all tomorrow . 
Ah , Easter . That lovely time of year that reminds you to take down the Christmas decorations . 
Time to start laundry then finish the eggs for today ... Really getting bike fever ! I want a Can-Am Spyder soooo bad ! 
We had a great Easter and managed to make it all the way through the day without being rained on . Who could ask for anything more ? 
is having a case of the Monday's when what I really need is a case of < PROPMALE > Light . 
Just rescued a beer that was trapped in the fridge ! See ... anybody can be a hero . 
I love how my youngest can get to within 5 steps of the trash can and still just end up putting her trash on the kitchen table ... Seriously ? 5 steps was too far ? 
Didn't sleep too well last night , was up texting most of the night . Not looking forward to working all day . 
Home from Mom's now time to relax for 25 minutes before heading to bed ... 
Had fun last night ! Not ready to face the day today though ... Why can't the weekend start on Thursday ? 
is < PROPFEMALE > tired ! Heading off to bed so I can get to my Friday and through it faster ... Hoping everything goes well for a friend so we can < PROPFEMALE > out this weekend and be a couple of kicken chickens . : D 
Looking for my swimsuit for this year on my lunch break today ! Hoping I find one I really like . 
Very excited to go on an overnight canoe float tomorrow ! It's going to be cold at night but great through the day ! 
is going to canoe 11 < PROPMALE > in the next two days . It sounds fun but I'm not sure my arms can take it . 
Every bone in my body hurts ! LOL ! I am < PROPFEMALE > tired from the canoe trip . 
Hello Monday . I hate you ! LOL ! 
Survived my Monday now just 4 more days until I get to see my Mom ! 
I am so happy a guy at work told me about Percogesic ! It is the best OTC Pain Relief medicine ever ! 
Ready for tomorrow ! I'm getting my hair cut shorter and getting some highlights ! Just hoping I don't chicken out at the last minute . 
Aspen is still grounded but I have put her to work doing something good ... Entering my MY COKE REWARD POINTS so we can donate them to Toys 4 Tots before Christmas this year . I've been saving since before last Christmas so hopefully we can help alot of kids this year ! 
Good-bye long hair ... Hoping it doesn't take too long tonight to get my hair chopped so I can < PROPFEMALE > with my girl < PROPFIRST > for a little bit . I am ready for some pool ! 
Wow ! I totally feel like a different person ! New do , new clothes ... It feels like a new life ! 
It's going to be a great day today ! Wishing it was Saturday already so I can see my Mom . 
It was not such a great day ... Sick and at home but I think I worked harder and stayed on the phone longer than I have ever done at work . 
I am so ready to see Mom on Saturday ! I am trying to recover from this wonderful stomach virus that decided to invade my life . Hopefully working tomorrow then going to see my Mom . 
Still a little sick , but gonna try to take me butt into work . Wish me luck ! 
Feeling better ! Got to love prescription meds ! No wonder they cost so much . 
Today would be my Grandma ( Meme's ) birthday if she was still with us . I want to wish you a happy birthday Meme just in case God has Facebook . 
Why do people over do life ? I am concerned about my Ex-Mother-In-Law trying to be Super Grandma ... If you have to lay down in a car to catch your breath you are over doing it ! 
Getting ready to start packing everything up so we can head back home ... Had a good visit in the Fort . 
Going to go to bed early tonight . It's been a long weekend and I'm still feeling a little bit nauseated . : ( 
Monday morning again ? 
Strep A so no work for me tomorrow again ... Now I need to find me a Sugar Daddy to help me pay my bills . LOL ! 
Getting sleepy already , I'm going to head to bed already . Night all . 
Getting ready to get the girls up for school ... Wishing I was sleeping in a little bit longer . 
I am sooo bored ! 
Ready to go back to work tomorrow ! Staying home sick is for the birds ... 
Going to be a busy day at work today ... 
Okay it's a Wednesday night , I have no children and I'm home playing Farmville ... Wow ! It's time to get a life ! 
Heading to the backyard to start a fire . I love fire ! 
There is nothing more relaxing than a fire at night ... 
Grr ... Really ? A 40% < PROPMALE > of rain on Friday ? Let's hope it will miss my house so me and the girls can \camp\ " for a bit . " 
Why does it only rain on the weekends ? I want to enjoy my weekends not be stuck indoors . 
Dance for both girls tonight then heading home to clean for the bonfire this weekend . Hoping the rain clears out before Saturday night . 
I was just sitting here and realized ... I am just like my Grandma ! She used to always burn us out until the last day possible to turn on the air conditioner ... I am now doing the exact same thing . \Just turn on a fan . \ " LOL ! " 
The true joy of living across from a cow field ! The girls just caught a mouse and released it into the wild to come in again . 
TGIF ! Ready to start the weekend already . 
Going to be busy tomorrow but I am sooo ready for some family time in the afternoon then some friend time at the bonfire/grill out ! 
Kids today are way too smart ! My youngest just reminded me of something that happened on Christmas morning and she is only 4 ! How do they remember this stuff ? 
Home watching this storm ... Thinking it may get bad here in < PROPMALE > in the next hour or so ... I'm hoping I am wrong ! 
I want to vent so bad ! I know Facebook is not the place . So this is my vent ! $%^&&*(())_)(*&^%$$ ! 
I know it is Friday but it is time for bed ... Love alll my friends and can't wait until tomorrow ! 
Storm woke me up ... This sucks ! 
Family Fish Fry today ! Perfect weather !? Ready for tonight , I will get the bonfire started even if it's wet wood . 
FACEBOOK is at it again ... violating your personal information : As of today , there is a new privacy setting called \Instant Personalization\ " that shares data with non-facebook websites and it is automatically set to \ " Allow . \ " Go to Account > Privacy Settings > Applications and Websites and uncheck \ " Allow\ " . Please copy & repost " 
I'm skipping out on the fish fry ... I really don't want to stand in the rain with 100 people . LOL ! Just more time to get prepared for the bonfire ! 
It is so beautiful now that the storms have passed ! 
Tired ! 
Slept all day .. Now I'm wide awake ! 
Survived the day but thinking about making this a short night ... I am too tired to do much of anything . 
Wishing my tv in my bedroom still worked , I would for sure be snuggled under the covers watching tv right now . 
Going to start getting ready a little earlier today so I don't have that last minute rush to get out of the house . Hope everybody has a good day today ! 
Finishing up some laundry before bed ... 
Well goodnight everybody . Once this load of laundry gets finished washing I am going to bed . 
Yippy ! Payday and no girls tonight . What to do , what to do ... 
Had a blast last night with my friends , but next week I need to do something a little bit calmer . : D 
I love Fridays ! 
Tomorrow is going to be a long day .... I'm glad these storms are out of here for now ! It got close with a few people I love . : D I'm glad everybody is okay . 
Up all night and about to get in the shower to head over to meet a police officer to try to get my youngest from the closed off road in East End . 
Rain rain go away ! It looks like more storms are brewing to the west . 
sometimes it has to rain , just so people can truly appreciate the < PROPFEMALE > days . :) 
Your kid .. mom , mom , mom , mom , MOMMY , MOMMY , MOMMY , MOMMY , ( for the past ten minutes ) you ask them what .. guess what they say .. \hi \"" 
Why is it that all weekend long I can fall asleep and stay asleep but come Sunday night I am wide awake all night staring at the clock ? 
Nighty Night , it's time for bed for this house . Hopefully tomorrow goes by fast . 
Happy Cinco De Mayo ! 20 more days until my oldest girls birthday then I will be the Mom of a 12 year old . Seems like just yesterday that she was born . : D 
Ready to officially kick off the Summer on Memorial Day weekend ! Life just seems better when you can actually get outdoors and do stuff . 
About to head out for my Wednesday night get together with < PROPFIRST > and Jimbo . Keeping it calm , cool and collected tonight . Yummy steak and potatoes just what I need ! 
Time to get ready to face yet another day of work ... 
Exhausted ! 
Ready for the work day to end and it hasn't even started ! Going to stuff my face with hamburgers and hot dogs at my friend < PROPFIRST>'s tonight . 
About to head over to a BBQ ! Ready for some good times and a lot of laughs ... Of course they may all be laughing at me . \ 
( OH WELL ! ) 
Papa Johns on the way ! I don't have to cook ! Yippy ! 
Could anything be more perfect than having your child nuzzle your neck and hug it tight ? I think not . Proud to be a MOM for my two beautiful girls on this Mother's Day ! 
Having a great day ! Talked to my brother and spent the day with alllllllllllll the girls ! Loving my girls ! 
Daven is going to get her new \princess crown\ " on her tooth today . No work for me . " 
Got to love sedation dentistry ! Talk about one cranky child afterwards ... 
4 push up pops down 2 to go ... I don't know where she is putting all that ice cream ! 
Storms again ... Will I ever sleep again ? 
Can't sleep . This day has been interesting to say the least . 
Up most of the night ... Looks like I will be running late today . Dang storms ! 
My bed is already calling my name . 
Wednesday night with the friends tonight ! Also , < PROPFEMALE>'s last day of working with me . I will miss her ! 
Word of advice to all ladies : If you and your man break up and he moves away to get away from you , don't call cussing a person they are \talking\ " to after you somehow stalk down her number . It's obvious he doesn't want you so get over it ! \ 
About to run the baby to dance and grab something to eat . Ready to hangout tonight and relax . 
Hanging out with < PROPFIRST > and grilling out again tonight ! Yummy ! 
I like it on the table ! 
Wishing it was already Saturday so I could sleep in ... 
Why is it everytime I go somewhere I leave something ? Today it was my charger for my phone and I'm too lazy to actually go back and get it . 
Nap time for me ! Got to love the weekends ! 
Wow ! Were does the weekend go ? Watching River Monsters then going to pick up the house . Maybe ... 
Quick nap then heading to get the baby ... 
I love my life ! As crazy as it seems it fits me well ... 
Why is it I can sleep all night on Friday's and Saturday's but on Sunday's I'm up all night ? 
Just got to sleep when the alarm went off ... No wonder Mondays are always so hard to face . 
I should really clean this house tonight but Mondays and cleaning don't mix . 
Dishes done ! Kitchen almost clean time for a celebration drink ! 
The baby has been asleep since 5:30 , I hope she isn't getting sick and is just really tired . 
Gonna be a busy day today after work ! Aspen has Dance practice then a Choir concert . Gonna sqeeze in a quick pizza in between , record Idol then head home for our Tuesday watch party with Mom and Dad . Thank God for DVR ! 
Well , got Aspen her Birthday gift at lunch today ... She's going to love it ! One more week and I will be the proud Mother of a 12 year old ! 
More rain later today ... I'm really hoping it doesn't do this all Memorial Day weekend also . 
You know you are suffering from lack of sleep when you start hallucinating ! Tonight I am trying out my Lunesta for the first time . Wish me luck ! 
\Parents aren't perfect . They're just Parents . \ " This is what Daven told me on the way home from school today and I couldn't have said it better myself . " 
Lunesta was a slight win against my insomnia ! 5 hours ! Whoohoo ! 
Aspen's birthday party is tonight and < PROPFIRST > and I are going to actually skate . I'm just praying I don't fall and break something since it's been so long . 
It was a great birthday party then a great night with friends + 7 kids , now it is lake time ! To bad I can't find my sunblock . 
Not near as sore as I thought I would be after skating and the lake . Had fun all weekend long and today I really need to put the pool up but I am sooo burned ! 
Ipod Touch was a win for a bday present ! Now I am totally wrapped up in downloading apps and checking them out . 
Sometimes I just wish life was the way it is in the books ... 
Can't sleep once again .... Tomorrow is gonna suck ! 
Off to face my Monday ! 
My computer has a virus so I am now on Aspens mini . I'm not used to this little < PROPFEMALE > keyboard though ! 
has learnt that good judgment comes from bad experience and a lot of that comes from bad judgment . 
Graduation for my 4yr old tonight ! Shopping for food and supplies for camping then rushing home to watch the Idol finale from the DVR . What did we do before DVR's ? 
Today it seemed like everything that could go wrong did go wrong ... Ready for the weekend to get here and the fun to start ! 
More rain today . At least the chances for this weekend were taken out of the forecast just in time for fun in the sun ! 
Why do they make us work the day before a holiday weekend ? I'm going to be sooo distracted all day it's almost pointless to go in . 
Well it's almost time for bed ... The toe nails are painted , the car is packed , work for 6 hours then off for a good time with friends and \family\ " . Let's pray I don't break anything this weekend . : ) " 
Okay so I haven't even made it to work today let alone the lake and I've already pulled a leg muscle and think Daven has a bladder infection or a UTI ... I'm really looking forward to this weekend but it's already starting off badly . : ( 
Okay ... Bruised and battered but had a wonderful time camping . Thanks < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > ( and Jimbo ) for making it a great weekend ! 
Time for bed ! A real bed ! The baby wanted to \camp out\ " and sleep on the floor but after 3 nights of air mattresses I'm sooooo ready for a real bed ! Maybe tomorrow ? " 
The first day of work after a three day weekend is EVIL !!!!!!!!! 
Today wasn't nearly as bad as I thought it would be ... One of my friends got some unexpected happy news today and the smile on her face was great to see . Thank you < PROPFIRST > and Jimbo for all you've done lately for everybody . I love you guys ! 
I guess my new motto is ... \If life gives you lemons ... Call some friends that have vodka and sugar and make lemon drops ! \"" 
About to head over to one of my girls house to < PROPFEMALE > with the crew and BBQ ! Lemon drops here I come ! 
Tired of shady people . It's about time to start thinning out some \friends\ " from my life . " 
For a short work week this week , it's been a long week ! TGIF ! 
Trying to decide what to do on the 4th ... Go up to Minnesota with family or stay home with friends ? Hmm .... 
I am free from the shady people ! FB delete rocks ! 
Ready for bed ! 
Home from work and about to cook for the girls . I actually sort of straightened up the livingroom and kitchen too . I must be catching my second wind . 
Having to restart my satellite receiver . I will have a horrible day without my morning dose of THV ! 
Okay . So I can watch the one channel on my satellite that I was on when my DVR decided to poop out on me . Really ? Even when I try to change channels with out the remote it won't do a thing ... : ( 
House almost clean ? Check ! Babies bathed ? Check ! Momma tired ? Check ! Aspen still online ? Yes ... Time to help me wind these girls down . : ) THEN ... BEDTIME ! 
So nice to be home early ! Laundry is washing , now gonna head outside to work some more ... 
Okay ! I have to admit , I am a failure at P90X Ab Ripper X . Made it halfway through but seriously ? Whoever thought of this is evil ! 
I'm tired and can't sleep ... Dang it ! 
Looking for a solid sided pool to put out back . Any suggestions on the best place to buy one ? 
Home early again ! This is becoming a habit ... ( A habit I love ! ) 
Well goodnight FB . So glad tomorrow is Friday ! Aspii is sick and recital is this weekend ... Doctor tomorrow for sure ! 
Recital dress rehearsal today then off to bed early so we can do the real thing tomorrow , I'll try to post some pictures of the girls in their outfits and make-up later today . 
About to jump in the shower and get ready for dance recital ! 
It's been a long tiring day so I'm gonna get off of FB and watch some \Bones\ " then head off to bed . " 
About to cook dinner then sit down and relax for a bit and make some phone calls . : ) 
Well , I was trying to talk on the phone with my Grandpa , niece and nephew but my 4 year old took the phone about 10 minutes ago and I still haven't got it back ... Guess they have a lot of catching up to do . LOL ! 
We are never given dreams without also being given the power to make them come true . Going to bed now to dream the dreams that may tomorrow be reality . : ) 
Booked my flight to Chicago for my vacation ! I am so excited and already ready to go ! I'm not sure if I'll be able to sleep from now until I leave ! 
Supposed to have a blind date tonight ... Gonna have to work late though so I think I'm gonna cancel . Ready for this weekend to get here so I can spend some time with my Daddy ! 
figured out last night that if you are over 30 it is never a good idea to stay up until 1am when you have to be up at 530am . I am gonna suffer today ! 
Tired and ready for Friday to begin ... Looking forward to the end of Friday so I can give my Dad a hug and start our Father's Day weekend adventure . We've decided to just play it by beer . LOL ! 
So happy work is almost over for the day ! TGIF ! 
Been sittin in traffic for the last hour ! Almost to Conway ... Got to love wrecks on Fridays . 
So happy to be back home . Had a great weekend with my Dad and got a few pictures of the family to post once I get a < PROPMALE > . 
Really not ready for Monday to be here already ... At least I have less than a month until my vacation ! 
Watching Scooby Doo with Daven and about to pop some popcorn for us to munch on . 
< PROPFIRST > NICHOLS WILL BE HOLDING A ** F R E E ** BENEFIT CONCERT FOR EAST END FIRE DEPT . WEDNESDAY JULY 7 , 2010 ARCH ST & BAXLEY LN . 6PM to 8PM . BRING YOUR LAWN CHAIR AND COME OUT FOR A GREAT TIME . PLEASE PASS ALONG TO YOUR FAMILY AND FRIENDS .. 
I finally got smart ! Tipsy ( my cat ) woke me up at 2:30 wanting to play ... so instead of letting him ruin my whole nights sleep I put him outside to play . Finally some sleep ! 
Got the pool aired back up and filled . Time for Daven to get a little swimming in and for me to enjoy a nice cold wine spritzer out in the heat while I watch . 
Wishing it was Friday instead of Thursday ... 
Already picked up most of the house and started the first of three loads of laundry ! I can't believe I have this much energy ... 
You know you are getting old when you have no kids on a Friday and you're looking forward to staying home and cleaning . 
Making good time on this housecleaning thing ! A few more hours tomorrow and I will be able to enjoy the rest of my weekend ! Yes ! 
All I have to say is \Wow ! \ " a good wow but still \ " Wow ! \"." 
About to head to Hot Springs to begin a day and night full of friends , food , and blues ! Who knew being old could be so fun ? 
Had fun listening to Blues last night ! Just picked up the girls and of course Daven is puking ... I swear she gets sick everytime she goes to her Dads . 
Had a great weekend , now back to work . 
Okay seriously ... When will my youngest learn to just eat what is put in front of her ? Aspen and I have been up from the table for at least 15 minutes while Daven is still sitting there complaining about the food . 
With the thunder and dark sky , this would be a great day to just stay in bed ! 
Making dinner ! I'm liking this cooking REAL meals at home thing ! I actually get to eat the food I like . : ) 
15 more hours of work until my weekend can start ! It's the final countdown ! : ) 
Friday is finally here ! No work Monday ! Happy 4th everybody ! 
Just made it back home not too long ago ... I was sad to leave but happy to get back home so I can sleep in my own bed . I've missed it ! 
Well ... looks like the long weekend is about to end . : ( 11 more days until my vacation ! 
Wishing people would realize that even though they don't work that other people still do and quit waking me up in the middle of the night ! 
At < PROPFIRST > Nichols with my 4 year old ! Can't wait to see the show ! 
Free < PROPFIRST > Nichols concert last night and free movie passes tonight from < PROPFEMALE > 107.7 ! 
Just got back from watching the sneak preview of Despicable Me in 3D and it was awesome ! Daven said , \That was the best movie EVER ! \"" 
It's finally Friday ! I thought it would never get here ... One week until I get to start my VACATION ! Looking forward to no work for a whole week . 
Okay , so I have a blind date tonight and I'm really nervous for some reason . LOL ! I have my pepper spray and all my friends on standby to rescue me if I need rescuing . : ) 
Tired ... Glad Aspen is home from Texas . I've really missed her ! 
Monday again ? : ( 
Made my Wal-mart run , meatloaf is in the oven and the kids are actually being pretty good tonight ! Go me ! 
Babysitting again this Tuesday ... Ready for Friday and my first real vacation since my maternity leave with Daven almost 5 years ago . Whew ! 
Happy Hump Day ! 
has almost mastered the < PROPMALE > of packing 6 days worth of clothes and beauty aids into a small < PROPFEMALE > on bag ... Now if I can only find a way to smush 4 pairs of shoes in also I will be set . 
It's going to be a hot one today ! 
Okay seriously ? Ants are invading my light switch ... I'm about to go ninja on them . 
12 hours until my vacation starts ! Days and days off work , my birthday then back to work for another year ... 
Official start to my vacation ! At the airport with my besties ! Hope the housesitter doesn't trash the place ... 
At the casino again ! Time for a cold brew ! 
Thank you all for the birthday wishes ! I love you guys ! 
Just put on a pair of jeans I bought yesterday and found ten bucks in the pocket ! Got to love free money ! 
Heading home ! It is way too early to be up and around ... 
Been thinking and thinking is never good ... 
I was gonna go to work early but it was so nice sleeping in my own comfortable bed ! Time to get a shower and start getting everything ready for dinner tonight then going into work for a few hours . 
Just realized that if it wasn't for the games on FB , I probably would never even turn on my computer ... I am totally addicted to Solitaire of any kind . 
Kids should come with a warning that says : \Caution can make you Bipolar \"" 
I'm one step closer to the edge and I'm about to break ! 
Wow ... overslept ... Dang Mondays ! 
Started my Chantix last night ! By the 1st I should be done with smoking ! 
Feeling really tired this morning ... I think I woke up every hour on the hour last night . : ( 
Wishes she would find that money tree so I could go on a shopping spree ... I hate shopping but it is really time to update the closet and get rid of all the old stuff . 
Today is day 4 of my Chantix ... Wow are my dreams really weird on this stuff ! Only 3 days left to go after today until I put the cigs down and walk away . : D 
Happy Thursday ! Got to sleep in today ! 
Amazing ! I've actually got a whole weekend without the girls on the weekend that's supposed to be mine . What to do , what to do ? 
Had fun tonight reminiscing with old song on youtube ... I just want to know when I got soooo old . LOL ! 
Stayed up way too late last night . Watched Grown Ups though and it was really good ! 
So much for the whole weekend without the girls ... : ( Daven's Dad cancelled as usual , it's only been since the 27th of June since he has seen her ! Go figure ... 
Apparently Chantix also blocks the affects of alcohol also ... On the plus side : One more day to smoke then I'm done ! At this rate , I may be done drinking also . : ( 
Daven woke me up this morning at 7am ready to go to Playtime Pizza . I got to spend the next 2 hours trying to explain to a 4 year old that you can't go play until they open at 11 ... 
About to finally head to Playtime . It is funny how time gets away from you on Saturdays . 
Had a good time at Playtime Pizza ! It would have been better if Daven had taken a nap first though . 
Ever have one of those days where you are just p'd off at everyone and everything ? I guess nicotine really does have a calming affect ... LOL ! 
So , I've decided ... Never to take my two girls to Wal-mart for almost 2 hours on the day I decided to quit smoking . S-T-R-E-S-S-F-U-L ! 
According to weather.com the high is going to be 105 tomorrow and according to THV's Facebook post it's going to be 106 ... How much hotter is it going to get before Fall ? 
Cheated and smoke two cigarettes today ... : ( 
LOL ! Monkey walking with my oldest ... FAIL ! 
Seriously not feeling too well ... I think I'll just go lay in bed and read a book . 
Happy Anniversary < PROPFIRST > and Jimbo ! Love you both ! Give the boy some ... LOL ! 
Sometimes it is the small things that make you realize how much you actually have ... Loving it ! 
Aspen said I have to post that we just sang the whole Titanic song ... So here is my post . 
I guess when you quit smoking you realize how much you really wanted to curse people out while you still smoked . LOL ! Back then you smoked a cig and guess what ? You were all better once you smoked one . 
Daven is not going to school today . I'm going to take her to my besties house at least until I can get her in to see the doctor to make sure she isn't contagious . I have a feeling I know what she has but just have to make sure and get her the antibiotics to treat it . : ( 
I am so thankful yesterday is over and today is a new day ... I had a good night last night , but the day was the suckiest day ever . Hurry up weekend , I can't take much more of this week . LOL ! 
Starting to get worried about my cat ... I haven't seen him since 6:15 yesterday morning and he is alway waiting for me at the door when I get home . He has become such a huge part of the family in the 2-1/2 years we have had him . 
Thinking about paying for an online class or two this semester ... That means I will have to get a MMR shot again ( even though I've had it but the record got lost in the shuffle and I am scared to death of all needles ) . Hmm ... 
When stressed , facebook games act almost like a Valium . 
Every single one of you are on my friends list , as a result of a conscious decision . I wanted you there !! I am not only glad to count you as friends , but also as family . Let's see whom my friends list actually pays attention . Copy andpaste this as your status . I'll be watching to see who really is . I < PROPFEMALE > family & friendships . 
Finally got my computer back from Daven . Really not feeling like dealing with 2 fighting girls so I am sending them to bed early . 
Glitter Nail Polish + Glitter Lip Gloss + Futon = A Beyond Pissed Off Mother ... FML ! 
had planned on spending a stressful night with my family ... Even shopped , cooked and planned on making a cake with my Nephew . On the bright side , I work with 3 hungry men so the food won't go to waste . Bon appetit ! 
Okay , biggest choice I will have to make all day . Couch or bed for sleeping ? Both have their own special advantages . Decisions decisions decisions .... 
I promise that thinks are getting a little better everyday ! And if I'm lying to myself just don't let em know . Ignorance is true bliss ! 
For everybody starting school today : HAVE A GOOD FIRST DAY OF SCHOOL ! : ) 
I can't believe they give homework on the first day of school ! Aspen had a good first day other than leaving her purse in her locker after school . Don't worry world , her make-up wasn't in it ! LOL ! Daven doesn't start Pre-K until Monday . 
Had a good visit with my Mom last night . Now TGIF ! Everybody have a good Friday ! 
is currently fighting with Daven's Dad over me telling the daycare to call me if she wasn't picked up by 5:45 . Really ? This is the most stupid fight ever . 
Ready for Jimbo's bday party ! So ready to dance my a ** off ! 
I can not express the level of my anger ... I should post a picture of the meth pipe I found in Daven's Dad's house . How hard is it to not do drugs for 2-1/2 days ? 
Monday again ? 
2nd day in a row to wake up at 2:30 am . I wouldn't mind so much if I could get back to sleep . It's going to be another long day . 
Okay I need a good home remedy for what to do when you have muffled hearing out of one ear . I've already tried the peroxide with no luck . 
So glad it is Friday ! Just hoping today goes smoother than yesterday and the hours fly by at work ... 
Had a good time having dinner at Applebee's with my oldest ! We really need to < PROPFEMALE > out more often ... Watch out we may be cruising Military tomorrow ! LOL ! 
Having the greatest day in a long time ! I think I just needed some Momma Daughter time . We've hit McDonalds , Maurices , Wal-mart , Mud Fest and now we are on our 3rd movie ! Now it is time to eat an uncrustable ! 
Getting ready to head to the lake with my girls ! 
Home from the lake . Thinking she probably should have used a little sunblock . 
Had a wonderful weekend ! Feeling great and looking forward to the week . : ) 
I don't know what it is , but it seems like the weight of the world has been lifted from my shoulders . I can't remember being this happy and energetic in a long time ! 
Is wondering why my child is sitting right next to me and I am talking to her through Facebook ... Really ? Sad thing is , she will answer me through the internet on her phone . JK ! Loving the internet ! Which she now is telling me is the interweb ... I'm lost to this new fangled stuff . LMAO ! 
Today is going to be a great day ! Babysitting tonight ! 
I can't believe it is going to be September tomorrow ... Where has this year went ? 
Already feeling like this is going to be one of those great nights were I have way too much energy to go to sleep ... 
About to take my best friend out for some girl time ! I've been looking forward to this all day . 
Good Night FB , I'm really not tired but I think I will turn off the lights and watch some tv ... It's looking like a couch night tonight . : ) 
really wishing it was Friday and 5 o'clock already . 
Just figured out that Timbalands song \The Way I Are\ " song does not say \ " Alligator cheese and the car keys\ " . LOL ! " 
Ready for the Salt Bowl tonight ! Go < PROPMALE > ! 
In memory of every cancer patient , family member and friend who has lost\ 
their battle with cancer and those who continue to conquer it ! Put this\ 
up for 1-hour if you know someone who has or had cancer . Many won't copy and paste . I did . Will you ? Show love to those who are in the fight . 
Salt Bowl tonight then < PROPFEMALE > Springs tomorrow ! Go Hornets good game ! What was it ? 45 to 9 ? Then I get to watch the Hogs beat some butt ... ( I hope) ! 
About to head to the lake ... I'm still peeling from last Sunday . Kind of wondering how messed up I will look once I fry again ? Oh , well ! I have all winter to recover . : ) Happy Labor Day Weekend everybody ! 
HOG\ 
FANS WOOPIG   SOOIE  \ 
GO  , HOGS   \ 
GO !! Woo  PIG    \ 
SOOIE GO   \ 
...... HOGSGO !! Copy and Paste to keep the wave going !!! 
I'm so sorry that it didn't work out I'm moving on , \ 
I'm so sorry but it's over now , \ 
the pain is gone ... 
Sometimes I wish life was a DVR ... Pause , Rewind , Fastforward and Play . : ) 
Planning on heading to Pinnacle with the family for a picnic . : ) 
Tonight is Aspen's first football game that she is going to be dancing during half-time ! Everybody keep your fingers crossed the weather works out and those afternoon showers hold off until at least half-time . 
< PROPFEMALE > won and both the Cheerleaders and Dance Team were awesome ! Go < PROPFEMALE > ! 
It's going to be a busy day today . Really wish I was off work to be at the hospital for my Grandpa's eye surgery , but I will get to see him after work . Then hopefully some dinner with my bestie before crashing into bed at a semi-decent hour . Happy Hump Day everybody ! 
Visited my Grandpa and we talked for 2 hours straight . LOL ! I really need to get to \The Fort\ " more often . " 
Tried to sleep , but I think I am too overtired to actually fall asleep . Thanks to Lunesta , in 30ish minutes I should be sawing logs . 
Feels like hiding under the covers for the rest of the day ... Thinking right about now it would be a good idea to be my own boss so I could do it . 
I'm really thinking about switching my prescriptions from Walgreens to Smith-Caldwell . Walgreens is constantly messing stuff up ! 
SOOIE  ... GO   \ 
......... HOGSGO !! Copy and Paste to keep the wave going !!! 
The good thing about watching the Hogs on TV ... They < PROPFIRST > the lines on the field and it rocks ! 
I don't want to go through life always thinking \What if ? \ " I want to go through life saying \ " Remember when ? \"" 
Watching the 2010 VMA's! The perfect way to end a great weekend . 
Monday again ! Open House for Daven tonight then dinner and home to clean up this house . Everyone have a great Monday ! 
Why is it everytime I get one room clean the room I cleaned the day before needs to be cleaned again ? 
I am so tired today ... I really need my new sleeping pill to see if it helps . It's been prescribed since Friday but for some reason Walgreens can't see to find it each time it's faxed . I'm picking up an old fashioned handwritten prescription today and switching to Smith Caldwell . 
Time to call it a night ... So here's to you and whoever holds my baby blue tonight . 
Hoping I don't have to work too late tonight , I really want to go grab at least one drink and dinner with my bestie ! 
About to head out to Razorback Pizza with some friends and try to relax for a bit . Today was stressful ! 
I'm needing that rewind button again ! Last night was so much fun ! 
Had fun again tonight ! I'm on a roll ! Keep the good times coming ! 
Forgot to set my alarm , but thanks to my faithful cats diligence , I only woke up 1 minute late ! Thank God for his internal clock and TGIF ! 
About to head out to help < PROPFEMALE > light fixtures at the lodge ... Thank God there will be beer there . : ) 
Every muscle in my body hurts ! Even muscles I didn't even know I had ... 
Go Razorbacks ! Way to go ! 
About to head out to dinner to celebrate < PROPFIRST>'s 31st Birthday ... I have been craving some Western Sizzlen for forever ! Yum Yum ! 
About to watch \Letters to Juliet \"" 
It's getting that time again ... I hate Mondays , but tomorrow will be a good day ! ( Positive thinking has never hurt anyone and I'm willing to try anything ! ) 
I've got the laundry started and dinner cooked ... Now maybe the temp will fall and I will have enough gas to get the yard mowed . Thank God half of it is already burned up and dead ! 
Perhaps our eyes need to be washed by our tears once in a while , so that we can see Life with a clearer view again .  
Is anybody wanting to buy a tub of cookie dough ? I got this fundraiser for Daven's school , Our Lady of < PROPFEMALE > , last Monday and just remembered it today and I think it's due next Tuesday ! All I have to sell is 5 more tubs to get to the 10 we are supposed to sale ... 
Yard mowed ? Check ! Laundry all done ? Check ! House 2/3's of the way clean ? Check ! Looking forward to hanging with my friends over pizza and beer ? Most definitely check ! 
Beer is proof that God loves us and wants us to be happy ! 
Okay guys ... Does anybody who lives in the Benton/Bryant area golf ? I have to get 2 teams of 4 together for a 4 Man Scramble on the 23rd of October . $60 a player and someone to sponser ... You will get the name of your business on the back of the T-Shirts each girl will wear to multiple places throughout the year . 
Why is it ? Just when you are getting over somebody and your life is going great , they pop back up ? It takes me back to a recent post ... Perhaps our eyes need to be washed by our tears once in a while , so that we can see Life with a clearer view again .  
Children with special needs only want what we all want : to be accepted . Can I make a request of anyone willing to post this and leave it on your status for at least an hour ? It is Special Education week , and this is in honor of all children made in a unique way and who learn a little differently 
is so happy that I get to see my Dad tonight and my family on Saturday ! I probably won't be able to say this tomorrow so ... Woo Pig Sooie ! 
Home Sweet Home ! To bad the laundry < PROPFEMALE > isn't here to wash the dirty clothes from our trip ... 
Debating ... I've cleaned the laundry room ( other than getting the clothes off of the dryer ) , done 3 loads of laundry , feed the girls and drove over 4 hours today . Do I really feel like sweeping and scrubbing the kitchen floor ? 
Gonna be a busy day today ... Why does Monday have to happen every week ? Couldn't we skip a few ? 
Whoever came up with putting mirrors on the ceiling needs to be the one over here dusting them ! I'm going to have to invest in a step ladder just to clean the fan blades and Windex the mirrors ... 
Woke up with my throat hurting ... Really hoping it's just due to the weather changing . Blah ! 
I am still needing at least one team for the 4 man scramble on the 23rd at Longhills . $60 a person includes lunch . Registration has to be in by October 6th . Call me or inbox me so I can get you a registration form . 
I am so excited ! I just bought an amazing dress and new heels for this weekend ! Shopping really is a girls best friend ! I feel like a child on Christmas ! 
Everybody makes mistakes ... You only know who your true friends are when you make a mistake and they stand beside you . When they turn away you know they were never your friend at all . 
My dogs kept me up all night ! I'm exhausted ! Now that it's time to get up both of them fell straight asleep . 
Totally freezing ! I couldn't get my pilot light lite last night so thank God for our < PROPFEMALE > space heater ... 
Bwahaha ! When Aspen gets home Thursday her door lock will be turned around ... When I say quit locking the bedroom door I am not playing ! 
Feeling fatigued and on the verge of a cold ... Ugh ! Think I will take my vitamin c and make it an early night . 
Time for bed ... My mind was scrambled by 4 today , but I've managed to survive . Way to many things have transpired today and I am so unable to sleep even though I'm exhausted ... 6:30 am is really going to come early . 
About to head to watch Aspen's Dance competition ! Then Go Hogs Go ! : ) 
Good game Razorbacks ! 
Really needed all the sleep I got last night ... I feel so refreshed ! 
Wow ! What a day ...! We have been cleaning and organizing this house since 1 or 2 this afternoon . I think we've gotten confused on the seasons , because it really isn't time to Spring Clean . 
Really hoping we get some rain , we need it ! 
Looks like a late night ... Aspenelli just got home from the fair and after fried snickers and God knows what else she is hyped . Here's to an episode of \Castle\ " and hopefully sleep soon after . ILY ! " 
Head quit pounding ...! I don't have time to deal with a migraine this week . 
Had a great time tonight with the family ! I made meatloaf , mash taters and peas ... We finished up with getting my garage sale stuff together and we are planning to do it Saturday . I have The Race for the Cure then I will be able to help ! Go me ! 
Getting ready for the Race for the Cure ! Had a blast last night , but probably should not have stayed up so late . 
............ HOGSGO !! Copy and Paste to keep the wave going !!! 
That was a BS call ! The ball was out of his hands before he crossed the line ! 
His knee was so down ! Come on , we need to win this review ! 
God , < PROPMALE > me the serenity to not drive down to Auburn and give a piece of my mind to these stupid officials ... 
Monday again ? I'm ready for a vacation . 
Had the weirdest dreams last night ... Very strange . :P 
Taco Bueno is now open in < PROPMALE > ! Oh yes ... bring on the Party Burritos ! 
Procrastinating this morning ... My bed was just way too comfortable to get out of this morning . 
Finally inside from cleaning the yard up a little and straightening up the carport ... Trying to make the yard presentable enough for the 11 ' spider we bought tonight ! I hope I have enough leaves to fill it up all the way ... 
Stuffed the 11 ' spider in my front yard , relaxed then made some homemade uncrustables ! I'm on a roll ! 
4-man scramble today ... I'll miss the kick-off , but hoping to get home by half-tme . WPS ! 
Put some Halloween decorations in the yard , carved a pumpkin , roasted the pumpkin seeds then play a few games of Uno ! All in all it has been a great day ! Thanks you know who for hanging with us tonight ... We will carve a pumpkin together next time ! : ) 
It's going to be a spooktacular day ! Scary movies all day with Daspenelli ! Any suggestions ? ( They have to be on Netflix though ) . 
I so wish I had cable right now . My darn satellite keeps going out because of the storm ... 
The storm woke me up early and now I have to get in the shower right before the hardest part of the storm comes through . If I lose electricity while I'm in the shower it is going to scare me to death ! LOL ! 
Wow ! It's going to be 38 degrees tomorrow night for the low ... I may have to get my heater fixed sooner rather than later . 
Had a great night hanging with everybody ! : ) 
Really looking forward to dressing up tonight ! Then tomorrow is Aspen's dance competition , trick-or-treating and babysitting ! I will be so ready for a day of rest on Sunday ... 
Okay , so I am seriously never watching a scary movie again right before bed ! I hardly slept at all last night ... Today is going to be way too long ! 
I am so ready for Thanksgiving to get here so I can see my family ! 
Woke up this morning to the heater not working ... at least it isn't in the 30's today . 
Words in print speak for themselves - all else is heresay . 
Tonight is Daven's first official sleepover at a friends house ... I'm wondering if I will get that midnight phone call to come pick her up . 
Cousins are there as childhood friends , and are there when we are older as forever friends ... No one will ever understand your CRAZY family like your cousins . \ 
Repost if you have a cousin(s ) that makes you smile ... My cousins not \ 
only make me smile , they make me laugh so hard I almost spill my coffee . 
I had a lot of fun today ! Paintball first then Razorback game on t.v. kicking some butt ! WPS ! Now snuggled in bed about to watch a movie with one of the loves of my life . : D 
Wow ! The house is clean , minus the shower ... I hate cleaning showers . Hand mopped and even spot cleaned the carpet in the front room and got some stains out ! I raked off the back porch and burned all the leaves from that . One last load of laundry then I can relax ! : D All in all , it's been a pretty productive weekend . 
About to head to Aspen's dance performance ! Good luck baby girl ! 
Looking forward to hanging out with everybody tonight ! I love my friends ! 
Looks like a doctor appointment for me tomorrow ... I hate going to see the doctor ! : ( 
My baby is no longer a baby any more ... She turned 5 today and will start school next year ! Where has the time gone ? It hasn't always been easy , but it has always been worth every minute . Happy Birthday Baby Girl ! 
About to watch some comedy with my room mate , then going to go to bed for some much needed sleep ... I am so tired ! 
I have 48 cupcakes to bake tonight , presents to wrap and a floor to scrub ... TGIF my butt ! :o ( 
I really need to start packing so I don't have to do it all at the last minute . Maybe once House is over I will go ahead and get that done ... I can't wait to see the family for Thanksgiving ! 
What am I thankful of ? Things are not always perfect but they rarely are ... I am still thankful for my family and my friends . I could not imagine my world without a single one of them ! I hope everybody has a great Thanksgiving and remembers those who can't be with us during the holidays . : ) 
About done with Thanksgiving with the family . Now it's time for swimming with all the children of the family ... I call the hot tub ! 
Put this as your status if you know someone who suffers from being a LSU Fan . Being a Tiger Fan is a real disorder and should be taken seriously . There is still no known cure for LSUF and sympathy does not help , but we can raise awareness . 100% of HOG FANS will repost ..... this ..... SIMPLY because WE know how to copy and paste as well as tie our shoes !!!! WPS !!!!!! 
Loved this long weekend ! 
Time to hit the Cyber Monday sales ! 
Was just thinking about how all of the women are so excited about watching < PROPMALE > the Red-Nosed Reindeer right now while the men are all excited about watching The < PROPFEMALE>'s Secret Fashion Show at 9 o'clock . 
Redbull 
TGIF ! < PROPFIRST>'s graduation tonight then putting up the tree tomorrow with all the girls ! I really want to do a gingerbread house ... Maybe I will get up early and try to find one before the girls get up tomorrow . : ) 
Today is going to be a wondermous day ! The roommate is cooking breakfast for everyone , then we are putting up the tree , after that watching the SEC Championship game with my bestie and hanging out with her until the wee hours of the morning ! 
I don't need an angel on my tree . I already have one in heaven watching over me ... Put this on your status if there is someone in Heaven that you wish could be here with you this Christmas . 
I would give anything for a muscle relaxer and a pain pill right now ... 
Wow ! PVC glue can really get you high ... Especially when your roommate and his Dad decide to glue the pipe together inside the house with no windows or doors open . 
Question .... Who actually shaves their legs before they go to the doctor ( just in case you have to get in that gown) ? Guys , this question does not pertain to you . Girls , you can inbox me if you want . 
Really wishes doctors wouldn't tell you what they are testing you for so that way you wouldn't worry yourself to death before the test results come in ... I little peace of mind goes a long way . 
Woohoo ! We have water ! Thanks to < PROPFIRST > for all his hard work yesterday ! 
Daven is soooo cute ! I just walked in my room to tell her that dinner was ready and she was tucked in under the covers with her back propped up on a pillow reading a book . Moments like that just make my day and put a smile on my face . : ) 
Tonight is the peak night for the Geminid Meteor Shower ! I'm really excited but I am going to freeze my butt off if I go outside to watch it ... I'm thinking hot chocolate and a big fluffy blanket . I wish I had a car with a < PROPFEMALE > roof/sun roof . 
Just got of the phone with my Mom and really really getting excited about Vegas ! I absolutely can't wait ! 
Why am I so tired ? I feel like I could lay down right now and sleep all the way through the night ... 
Shopping from 10 to 2 ! Hopefully that will finish up all of Christmas and the stocking stuffers so I can start the wrapping process ... 
Stressed stressed stressed ! Only about one thing everything else is wonderful ! I am so ready for Christmas and to watch my girls as they open all the presents . Christmas is going to be a great day ! 7 more days ! : ) 
So disappointed in human nature ... Just disappointed . 
Just had the best conversation with my brother ! When life tries to beat you down , it's great to have people to pick you up ! I love you ! My day has been made so much better ! : ) 
Really not feeling well today ... My bed sounds so inviting ! I'm going to try to make it until at least 2 though ... 
Came home early from work to a very pleasant surprise in my mailbox ! I love unexpected money and it couldn't have came at a better time ! Vegas is going to be much better now ! 
For the first time in 372 years , the winter equinox and a total lunar eclipse will happen on the same day ! Now to try not to throw up again so I can go outside and watch it will be the challenge . (: 
Looking forward to being pampered tomorrow night . Lol ! A homecooked meal , nice conversation and a massage ! I'm going to be so relaxed . : ) 
Doctors appoinment tomorrow so wish me luck guys ! I am hoping for no stabbing needles ... Ugh ! Really don't like doctors . 
Really slept like crap last night ... : /\ 
Thank goodness there is only 1 more day of work after today , maybe I can sleep in on Friday . 
So far this day has stressful ! My doctor had to change the time of my appointment which happened to be the same time as Aspens school Christmas program . I managed to make it to an earlier performance for 5 minutes before turning around and racing back to work . Now I am sitting at the doctors . Is it Friday yet !!!!? 
Overall , my doctors appointment wasn't so bad today ... I finally got a prescription for pain and she is sending off some more blood work . Maybe just maybe I will have an answer before my appointment with a specialist on March 30th ! 
I need some motivation to get up and start wrapping presents ... Does anybody know where I can find some ? 
Next year I may need two trees ! I guess I could do one for each living room ... Or maybe instead of buying presents we could put all the money we would have spent towards a nice vacation ? 
Pain pain go away ! Come again some other day ! : ( 
Daven is wrapping everything in the house so God only knows what I will be unwrapping tomorrow morning ! :) Plus < PROPFEMALE>'s wonderful Mom just brought us over a ton of treats and will be bringing more over later ! 
Okay ... So Walmart is out of eggs and the only thing I was told to bring to Christmas dinner was deviled eggs . My Ex-Husband is going to kill me ! They are his favorite . 
Off to Christmas < PROPFEMALE > dinner with the family ! : ) 
Where is a tech savvy person when I need them ? The good thing is , I've got the computer up and working . The bad thing is , for the life of me I can not get it to connect to the internet ! Really ? I'm sure Daven would love to go on some of the kid sites to play games . :*( 
I'm a few minutes early , but < PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! Time to get to bed because 6 o'clock comes pretty early . 
Preheating the oven for my biscuits then will start on my Chocolate Gravy ! About to drag out the camcorder and make sure it's all charged up . 
Setting up the new XBOX 360 and Kinect that < PROPFEMALE > brought the family for Christmas ! Thank you < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Sleet in < PROPMALE > on Christmas ! 
Finally home ! It's been a long Christmas , but I'm not complaining ... 
The girls had a great Christmas ! I am truly blessed to have such a great family and such great friends . My most favorite gift was the Razorback sweat pants I got from Mom Reynolds and I will definitely be wearing them while I watch the Salt Bowl . 
About to try Kinect Zumba ... I've already warmed up with some ( okay a LOT of)Dance Central , hopefully it won't kill me too bad . : ) 
LOL ! Just whooped a 12 year olds you know what at a dance on Dance Central ! 31 vs . 12 ! Whoohoo ! 
Love comes to those who still hope even though they've been disappointed , to those who still believe even though they've been betrayed , to those who still love even though they've been hurt before .  
2010 will you end already ? I am so looking forward to 2011 ! 
Really just wanting to get in my bed , pull the covers up over my head and hide from the world ... 
I just couldn't get to sleep and stay to sleep last night ! UGH ! Now I am totally exhausted , and running late ! 
Zumba time ! 
Well , goodnight Facebook world . I am tired and hoping sleep happens ... :'( 
I am so ready for tomorrow at 5 ! The girls will be out of town and I can sleep in late Friday ... So ready for 2011 ! This year is going to be my year ( I hope) ! 
I have got to go shopping tomorrow so I will have something awesome to wear for New Years ! 
So glad today is \Friday\ " ! Bring on my 3 day weekend already ! " 
My 3 day weekend has officially started ! I'm already in my night clothes and relaxing at the house . 
My puppy is eating my house ! I've been looking for an excuse for a new bed but really ? I'll have to wait until he gets over this chewing phase , does it ever end ? 
Thank God this is almost the last day of the year ! New Year = New Start ! Bring on the fun and games ! : ) 
Okay , so I guess it's Zumba time ... I need to get it in before it starts storming . Since we lose electricity everytime the wind blows . 
Everybody have a great New Years ! I think I am boring my date ! LOL ! 
New year = New guy ! They just keep getting younger and younger ... LOL ! 
Could not sleep at all last night ! ; ( 
Just for once , I wish I could not work all day just to walk into a disaster area at home ... My sister and my oldest daughter have managed to lounge on the couch all day while destroying the kitchen and obviously not watching the youngest since now there is silly string all over my living room and I can barely see the floor in the sunroom ! Happy New Year ! 
Time to go to bed ! I have to get my sister to the airport bright and early in the morning before going to work . I'm trying to make sure I've got enough energy left at the end of the day to watch the Sugar Bowl ! Go Razorbacks ! WPS ! 
 ? ? WOoOoOoOo PIG \ 
SOOIE ? ?  ? ? WOoOoOoOo PIG SOOIE ? ?     ? \ 
? WOoOoOoOo PIG SOOIE ? ?.   ? ? RAZORBACKS ? \ 
?   ? ? HoW SwEeT It iS ? ?   ...?? KEEP THE \ 
WAVE GOING \ 
With that said .... I am now heading out to buy my Mega Million's Lotto ticket ! Surely I will be that 1 person out of 176 million who is lucky enough to win ! 
WTF was that ?!!!!!!!!! 
Take that ! LOL ! 
UGH ! Were we even on the field on that one ? 
Really ? Why didn't we run that one ? 
Looks like our offense and defense may be picking up ! Lets pull this one out and start blocking for our QB . ( Oh and hold onto that ball , PLEASE ! ) 
Very pretty throw and catch ! 
Over 7 minutes left and within 5 points ! We can and will do this ! Can we get an interception in our favor ? 
Okay ... How many times can Mallet throw at a target and the target not hold on to the ball ? How many missed passes is this ? 
We have the ball , we need to run out of bounds to stop the clock and have no injury timeouts . 
It was a great game and a great year for us ... It was more than Mallet , it takes both offense and defense plus a great QB . Our Offense and Defense had some problems and yes so did Mallet ... Either way ... Go Razorbacks ! ( We just messed up on a few plays . ) 
Just had an amazing night at < PROPMALE > E . Cheese ! Aspen actually likes this guy , it's a miracle ! She has hated every guy I have ever dated . 
I may never sleep tonight ! Heading to Vegas for the first time ever tomorrow and I am absolutely hyped up ! 
Say a prayer that I win lots of money and don't end up married to an < PROPMALE > impersonator ... LOL ! 
I don't think the party ever stops here ! 
Job interview tonight ! 2 weeks a year at 1000 a day ! I won't complain ... 
My Mom and stepdad are so cute ! 
This day is going to suck ! I just want to get home ... : ( 
So , I blew this guy off in Vegas and he gave me his card only to discover he wasn't full of shiite ... LOL ! I could have meet Snoop ! FML ! 
So happy to be home and to be hanging with the family ! I love all of you ! 
Confused .... 
Feel like crap ... Going to bed and hoping I wake up feeling much better . It's way too busy at work for me to call in sick . 
I am really craving some Carino's! Dinner tomorrow maybe ? Yum ! 
TGIF ! That is all I have to say . 
If you < PROPMALE > two rabbbits at the same time , you are bound to lose both ... \CSI\ " \ 
Okay , I'm just saying ... What Mom would come home to a huge mess on her counter , give a big smile and grab 1 paper towel ? I mean really ? I'd be whooping some butt ! 
Dae Dae did the cutest thing ever tonight and I almost cried from the sweetness ! Aspen and I were watching Titanic and at the end Aspen jokes around and says , \I need a tissue . \ " Daven gets up and runs to the bathroom ( all the time me thinking she has to potty ) and comes out with a tissue for Aspen . That was priceless ! " 
I know usually we hope for some snow , but I'm keeping my fingers crossed that we miss it this Thursday . I have a full weekend planned and I don't want it to snow on my parade ! 
Really keeping an eye on this winter weather ... I don't want to get stuck away from home . 
To late to take a sleeping pill and to hyped up to sleep ... Either way , tomorrow is going to suck ! 
Let it snow , let it snow , let it snow ! ( But not stick ) 
< PROPFIRST > Aldean tonight ! I can't wait ! 
I had a great time tonight ... I see the beginning of the end . 
I had a great time last night ! It's funny how you run into people you haven't seen in 10 years and they still look the same ! 
I missed him so much ! I'm glad he is here to cuddle up to and watch a good movie with . He just needs to pick better movies ! 
About to start vacuuming ... Does anyone want to do it for me ? I really just want to sit here and relax . 
Really wish I'd either start feeling better or go ahead and get sick and get it over with ! I'm tired of waking up with a sore throat and unable to breath ... 
So , I efiled my tax return today and due to the repayment of the first time homeowner tax credit that I am paying back ... IRS will not accept my return until the 14th . I could have saved the efile fee and just mailed the stuff in . 
I don't think I have experienced anything more funny than watching a 5 year old dance to Dance Central on XBox ! LOL ! 
OK ... don't leave me hangin ' my friends !!! How many of us know everybody on our facebook list ? Here's a task for you , I'm requesting all my facebook friends to comment on how we met . After copy this to your status so that I can do the same to you . You'll be amazed the results you get ! .... really sorta scared to participate in this ... HAHAHAHAHA !!! \ 
. 
Feeling like I don't even have a boyfriend anymore ... : (\ 
Oh boo hoo ! LOL ! 
Sitting here watching my dog < PROPMALE > his tail and it is hilarious ! Has he not figured out that he is never going to catch it ? 
Time for meds and bed ... Monday comes early . 
Sleep , where are you ? 
Okay , so I can't hear out of one ear and it is leaking fluid ... Think it is time for the doctor ! Sick and < PROPFEMALE > do not mix ! 
Feeling a little bit better today ... Glad the snow is missing us here in < PROPMALE > . 
I am so tired of being nice , so I'm just going to quit and let people suffer ... No more lending money , no more letting people run all over me . Let's just say , I am fed up . Hell hath no fury ! So just don't fudge with me ! 
Brr ... It's cold ! Pay day finally so I can hit the grocery store tonight and restock the fridge and cabinets ! Forcast for today : Groundhog will see his shadow , so six more weeks of winter . : ( 
?  **  .  .  **  ?  **  .  **  ?  **  .  **  ?  **  .  **  ? \ 
Put this on your status if you have the most beautiful DAUGHTER in the world\ 
x2 though ... 
1-3 inches of snow maybe on Friday ? What is up with this weather lately ? 
Was just checking my DVR and realized I have the new season of Bones recorded ! That is a total win ! 
If I get all the way ready for work and wake Daven up and then < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > decide to cancel school , I am not going to be a happy camper . :( 
It officially took 1-1/2 hours to get from work to the daycare and back home ... These people are idiots ! Learn to drive or stay off the roads ! 
Interesting fact of the day : It is socially acceptable to date someone twice your age plus 8 , so that means I could date anyone from 23 to 47 . LMBO ! 
Let me try this again ... My baby girl Aspen is competing in the ESPN UDA National Dance Team Championship tomorrow ! I couldn't be more proud of her unless I was there . You go baby girl ! Stomp the yard ! 
How are the roads ? I haven't been out yet . 
Had a great time in Nashville , went cruising the dirt roads and seeing the sights . LOL ! I love small towns ! 
Time for the Super Bowl ! 
So wishing Daven would have been in a better mood so I could have went to watch the game at my friends house ... 
Sometimes , it takes looking past the winner to realize it's the one in second place who was classy enough to concede rather than be cutthroat ... 
Loved the Camero commercial ! It was great ! 
I would like to say I went with the wrong team , but I'm still Steelers all the way ! 
Really needing to go deposit a check in the bank and pick up some cat food but not looking forward to fighting off the crowds at Harvest Foods ... 
The snowflakes are getting bigger and bigger ! The first time I woke up there was nothing on the ground and now it is already covered ... 
The snow just started and there has already been a fatality wreck ! People if you don't have to get out don't , whatever it is you feel is so important and can't wait is not more important than your life . 
Okay ... So what is it about being stuck in the house that makes you want to eat everything in the house ? I am absolutely starving ! 
Just watching movies and snuggled up with the girls ! This has been a really great snow day for me ! 
Need more sleep ! 
Wow ! Chocolate gravy rocked ! Now the belly is full and the eyes are closing ... 
< PROPMALE > School District is closed tomorrow . The roads are pretty clear , why is it closed ? 
I'm really missing my < PROPFIRST > already ! It's okay , we can celebrate a week late becasue some things are worth the wait ... 
Happy Valentines Day ! 
It really doesn't feel like Valentines Day today ... Oh well , I will just call it an early night pretty soon and play catch up on some sleep . 
I think I have to much on my mind right now ... I went to bed early but tossed and turned all night . 
I am going to register my youngest for Kindergarten this morning ! Wow she is growing up way to fast ! 
Very much looking forward to this weekend ! Friday cannot come soon enough ! 
Can anybody suggest a good champagne ? I never drink the stuff so I have no clue but want to buy some to go with my < PROPFIRST > present to my BF ... P.S. Please don't name the most expensive one on the market , just a nice economical one will suffice . 
My bed has been calling my name for over an hour ! The earplugs are no longer working , so I guess I will go to bed just to get it to shut ... 
Yippy ! The IRS finally processed my tax return ! 
I can't believe some people ! Who in the world could dump ( 3 ) little puppies on the side of a busy street and just drive away ? They barely have their eyes open ! Now I have ( 2 ) of them since some nice people at Petco took ( 1 ) of them . Bottle feeding BABY ! Every ( 2 ) hours is going to suck ! 
Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day to me ! FINALLY ! This is going to be a great weekend ! 
I had a wonderful weekend with a wonderful man ! He was awesome with the puppies which just makes me like him even more . 
I walked into my house at 6pm and started cleaning ( with a small pause to talk to a great person when she came over ) ... I just sat down for the first time and man do my feet hurt ! The house is spotless ( all but my bathroom and a few organizational things) ! Where in the heck has this energy been ? 
Is this day over yet ? 
Dont let the sadness of your past or the fear of your future ruin the happiness of your present . 
I can't sleep ! Things are kind of crazy right now but I know in the end that everything will be okay ... I just can't stand this waiting game to see what exactly is going to happen and when . 
My boyfriend was supposed to come up to visit but he is sick so it looks like it is going to be a movie night with Netflix ... ) : 
Took the puppies to the vet today and they are on their way to being healthy ... Rafferty weighs 2lbs 5oz and Razorback weights 7lbs 8oz ! 
I'm so happy ! My boyfriend will be sitting in my driveway when I get home from work ! ( And it's Friday ! ) 
It gets harder to say good-bye every time I see him ... I think I may be smitten . 
Well the cows are laying down so I guess we are in for some rain today ... I'm about to get my Taco < PROPFEMALE > on though so let it pour ! 
I felt an earthquake in Arkansas ... My whole house was shaking and it woke me up from a very nice sleep . 
I am so tired ! That earthquake really messed up my beauty sleep ... 
Cousins are the first friends most people ever have as children . No one will ever understand your crazy family like your cousins . Even if you haven't talked much lately , re-post if you have some of the best cousins in the world ! 
Tossed and turned all night long ... I hate nights like that . 
Today has really sucked ! Started out with forgetting my lunch on the table , then called the IRS only to learn that the refund I was supposed to get today hasn't been processed and it will be up to 4 weeks before I see it , then I called the store I ordered my new smartphone from only to learn that they forgot to ship it . 
It's Wednesday ( pay day ) and no kids tonight ... Once I get through the work day I am coming home , grabbing a bite to eat and turning off my phone for some much needed relaxation time . Today is going to be a GOOD day ! 
So my night of relaxation has turned into a night of work ... Dang it ! At least I'm caught up ( almost ) . 
I'll have some really cute and almost potty trained puppies ready to find a good home in about 5 weeks ... I just want to make sure they get all their shots first . They will be 12 weeks old then ! Let me know if you want one ! 
Just noticed that my plum tree is starting to bloom ! Now I have to pray we don't get a hard freeze so I can have some plums this year . 
New phone ! Yippy ! 
Yesteday at 11:20 am a great person was called home . I am so glad I had the < PROPMALE > to have him as a teacher and Mayor in my life . RIP < PROPFIRST > Baker ... 
Had the best weekend ever with my wonderful boyfriend ! 
Tipsy ( my cat ) was playing near my computer and I told him , \If I find < PROPFEMALE > porn on there I'll know who did it ! \ " LMBO ! I have no clue where that came from . It just popped out ! Wow ! " 
I need to download some apps for my new phone ... Any suggestions ? 
My phone is really starting to pee me off ! It won't ring and now my alarm didn't go off ! And they call this thing a smartphone ? 
You and I wake up in a PSYCHIATRIC < PROPMALE > together . Using 4 words , what would you say to me ? Note : If you comment , you must copy and paste this to your status , so I may comment on yours as well .. Be a good sport and play along ... 4 words is harder than you think . 
You and I wake up in a Mexican Prison together . Using 4 words , what would you say to me ? Note : If you comment , you must copy and paste this to your status , so I may comment on yours as well .. Be a good sport and play along ... 4 words is harder than you think . 
Angry Birds are making me angry ! 
I think I've finally burned myself out on setting up this phone ... I resisted a smartphone for way to long and now I can't put the thing down ! 
This weekend is supposed to be beautiful ! I can't wait to get out and enjoy the 70 degree weather on Saturday ! 
I really need to clean this house ... Is there an app for that ? 
Note to self : Don't leave an open beer and two puppies on the couch and walk away to prank call your preteen ... They will spill it and they will drink it . 
Today is supposed to be so beautiful and I'm going to be stuck at work ... : ( \ 
I think I may be coming down with a case of spring fever , maybe I should just stay home . 
Beautiful day ! Going to get out and detail the car and enjoy the sun . 
I love youu (: \ 
-- hackedd buy yo daughter Aspenn ! <3 
It always makes a Mom feel good when her child wakes up and asks for an orange rather than sugary cereal or a Pop Tart . Maybe I need to keep the fruit bowl on the table permanently . : ) 
Really not feeling very well for some reason ... I'm going to pop some Vitamin C and keep my fingers crossed that this yucky feeling goes away . 
Hanging out with some of my favorite boys tonight ! Wishing tomorrow was a holiday so I could stay up all night and actually do some quality hanging out ... ): 
I am so ready to show my < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow ! Kiss me I am < PROPFEMALE > and I am going to celebrate my butt off ! In a calm , yet fun way ! ( kids ) 
Okay ... So when my phone company changed my plan to the smartphone plan they wiped out all of my roaming minutes so I am currently without a phone until some time on Sunday . FML ! 
Heading to Texarkana for dinner with the BF's friends ... Yum ! < PROPFIRST>'s Eatery or something like that . 
What is it about Sunday nights that makes me unable to get a full nights sleep ? Yawn ! 
I so want my friend to do the right thing ... I am just going to leave it in God's hands . God is good ! 
Heck yes ! Going out and hanging at an actual bar with < PROPFIRST > ! Tomorrow gonna cook the boy dinner ! I need a night out ! 
Yum ! Homemade pizza ! 
Cookies ! Going to make a cookie cake and Brownies tomorrow . 
I can take care of me ... I need you to take care of you . 
When I was growing up , I thought parents were supposed to be there for their children . Now I am wondering ... Did my parents get that memo ? 
Sitting here listening to the thunder roll ... It is so relaxing ! 
Putting on my pj's then cuddling up in the recliner with my snoring puppy ... You can't put a price on evenings like this ! 
< PROPFEMALE>'s Rant of the Day : Enough of this number game ! It is driving me crazy ! When you are gone almost 12 hours a day it's hard to catch up ! Please find a new game that involves chat or start answering by inbox ! Thank you . 
Dr. appointment tomorrow ... Wonder how much this is going to cost me ? 
Good morning ! Everybody have a good day ! 
Results of Dr. Appt : 2 x-rays , 7 vials of blood and instructions to not do anything active that will even slightly jar my knees for the rest of my life . Getting the results of the blood work April 19th and really not looking forward to it ... FML ! : ( 
A Monster at 4:15 am ! I'm going to be wired for sound ! Good morning to all my friends and family ! : D 
Happy April Fools Day ! Countdown to tax return has begun ! 5 more days to go ! ( If the IRS isn't telling a fib that is ) . 
Very happy ! The house is clean , the dishes and the laundry are going and now I can wake up to a clean house in the morning ! : D 
Life without dancing ... Is that a life at all ? 
It is not easy to find happiness in ourselves , and it is not possible to find it elsewhere . - < PROPFEMALE > Repplier 
This weekend has been one of the best weekends I have had in a long long time ! I got to see some friends I haven't talked to in a while and spent some quality time with the boyfriend . Now , relaxing and having some family time with the girls . 
Really wishes this rain would go away . The wind kept me up all night ! This is going to be a long Monday ... 
It is way to cold outside this morning ... Makes it hard to get out from under the covers and get motivated to start the day . 
In Ft . Smith to look at a job ... Wish I could squeeze in a little time for the family but I had to ride with other people ... 
Finally home ! I'm am so happy that someone invited take-out so I don't have to cook tonight . 
Had a horrible night of sleep ! 
Confusilated ... What to do ? What to do ? 
Only 11 more days until I break the 3 month relationship curse ! Woot Woot ! 
Off to get the girls from dance then homemade pizza ! Yummy in my tummy ! 
I am so glad it is Friday ! Now all I need is the day off and this day would be perfect ... 
Well , that was an interesting conversation ... 
Wow ! It's going to be almost 90 degrees today ! I was thinking of mowing the yard but I think I'll wait until the evening hours to do that . I want to putt putt instead . 
Got the yard mowed ( at least the front yard ) may start on the back around 3 . In the meantime , Daven and I are going to plant some plants . 
Took Mom and Dad out to dinner then shopping with Daven . We bought two of those guns that shoot the foam disks and I am so excited to have an all out war with them ! Sometimes I think I am worse than the kids ... LOL ! 
Time for sleep it's time for bed . I need a place to lay my head ... :D \ 
Ahh ! Found it ! Night Facebook ! 
Going to the bank tomorrow to try to get a < PROPFEMALE > to purchase another 2 acres of land . Wish me luck ! 
Hurry up weekend ! I'm ready to get out of town for a few days . 
Potential for overnight tornados ... I can't sleep when I know there is going to be bad weather . Somebody needs to gift me a NOAA Weather Radio so I can sleep in peace . 
I am very impressed with Notify by The Weather Channel ! I signed up for it last night for a 7 day free trial and I love it ! Unlike the NOAA Weather Radio it only called my phone when a warning was in Saline County so I wasn't woke up for warnings in other parts of the state . You can also change what alerts you want notified of ( I chose only warnings and didn't include the watches ) . 
I thought I was keeping my children safe by getting them into the safe room but apparently I failed . Daven was bit by a spider and is now covered in poison < PROPFEMALE > . 
A Florida fan , an Alabama fan , & an Arkansas fan are climbing a mountain & arguing about who loves their team the most . The Florida fan insists that he is the most loyal . '' This is for Florida!'' he yells & jumps off the mountain . Not to be outdone , the Arkansas fan is next to profess his love for his team . He yells \This is for the Hogs ! \ " & pushes the Alabama fan off the mountain . " 
God , < PROPMALE > me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change , Courage to change the things I can , And wisdom to know the difference . 
Everybody please lift my boyfriend up in your prayers ... I'm not very good at this , but I think this is one of the hardest things I have had to face for a bit . 
I think simple is better . We played \Life\ " and \ " Battle of the Sexes\ " and had a great time ! Who needs bars and drama when the best thing is sitting right in front of you ? " 
Ready for bed ... Yawn ! Missing him already . I did get to meet some of his family this weekend and that was pretty fun . 
Before you criticize someone , you should walk a mile in their shoes . That way , when you criticize them , you're a mile away - and you have their shoes ! (: 
Stressed stressed stressed ! Deep breath , deep breath ... I can't face this week ! 
Is it over ? 
Lately it seems like all I ever do is wait ... For somebody as anxious as me , waiting is next to impossible . 
Going to try to get some sleep ... The storms are over and my boyfriend is doing well . Thank you guys for the support and I love each and every one of you . : D 
Just left the hospital and everything is going great ! He is out of ICU and in a regular room . He is having some problems with his balance but the doctor said that is normal . : D 
I can't sleep ! To late to take a sleeping pill though . I wish there was a switch that would turn this little brain off . Sleep is good ! 
My throat is starting to hurt just in time for the weekend . 
Listening to the frogs ... I love the sound of them and it is loud tonight ! Ready to open the windows and enjoy the country sounds in this big old city of < PROPMALE > ! 
Happy Easter ! I've been up since 5:30 cooking my pot roast for today and I'm about to start working on my deviled eggs . This is going to be a long but fun day ! 
So I guess I have no clue what to do anymore ... I am never right . Where are the days where kids listened and did not talk back ? I am so glad tomorrow starts a new week . 
It was so great of my work to let us leave early so we would have time to pick up our children and get home before these storms hit . They are saying it will be around 6pm when it reaches us and that is usually right around the time we would get home and sometimes we don't reach home until almost 6:30 pm . 
No power but think the worse from this one is almost over ... 
Good morning ! Getting ready for another round of storms today and in to the night . Just got power back around 2 am . This stuff is making it hard to get out of bed and go to work . I think the whole state is suffering from lack of sleep ... 
I've decided that the stuff falling through the cracks is confetti and I'm having a party ! ~ Betsy Caas Garmon 
Had fun today ! Took Rafferty with me to pick up Aspen from dance and only had 30 minutes to kill until Daven got done so we went and flew kites in the field behind the dance school . Daven got to fly one once she got out of dance and that is the first time she has ever actually flew a kite . 
I know this breaking news will be a part of future history books , but dang Obama hurry up and make your speech so I can get some sleep ! 
Well , I'm going to turn my concerns to my home state ... Everybody that is facing flash floods please stay safe . Arkansas has been battered and bruised lately and seeing how we all pull together to help each other I can truthfully say I am happy to be an Arkansan . 
Really ? Over 2 more inches of rain today ? I'm getting tired of this rain ... 
Now I lay me down to sleep ... one less terrorist this world does keep ... with all my heart I give my thanks ... to those in uniform regardless of ranks ... you serve our country and serve it well ... with humble hearts your stories tell ... so as I rest my weary eyes ... while freedom rings our flag still flies ... you give your all , do what you must ... with God we live and God we trust ... Amen 
I'm really not liking this new medicine . It makes me drowsy and since I am taking it twice a day I'm ALWAYS drowsy . ): 
I have fell in love with the History Channel ... I really am getting old . LOL ! 
Pay Day and Hump Day ! Life can't get any better than this ! 
Taking Daven < PROPMALE > to the doctor for her Kindergarten physical this morning ! My baby is growing up so fast . ): 
