They say that absense makes the heart grow fonder ... But I saw all or most of my friends monday night and I still think they're all completely insane . 

Has been on facebook for longer than she would care to admit and is feeling pretty depressed about life because she has nothing better to do ... 
If < PROPMALE > asks me to turn on the wiggles one more time I'm going to do something terrible and life altering to him ... I'm going to throw all the wiggles DVDs out the window . 
You never know what you have until it's gone ... I recently lost my Grandpa . We were not close , but I wish I'd taken the oppurtunity to tell him that he meant more to me than just a 50$ < PROPMALE > on my birthday every year . Alwaays make sure you let your loved ones know you care , because you never know when you'll have that oppurtunity taken from you . 
Hazzah !!!! 
Okay , let's get something straight here . I didn't quit school b/c I'm pregnant , no I don't cut myself . I had to make a really difficult choice and I had to give up some things that meant the world to me . Don't say crap about mads being better now I'm not in it . I have enough insecurities without you making me feel like I can't do the one thing I ever felt even REMOTELY good at ! 
The best fall down sometimes . What matters is getting back up . That's the hard part . 
Mom and I took the crap box to Jiffy Lube .... again . I was dissapointed to see that < PROPFIRST > with the ears and Kolby with a K weren't there . But I gave the eyes to a guy named < PROPMALE > . Don't let the name decieve you . 
Never believe me when I say I'm fine . Because if my head was cut off , the last words whistling out of my throat would be \I'm fine . \ " That's just how I am . " 
Remembers good times with her family and has decided that even though sometimes there's so much drama between us , we all love eachother anyway and will help eachother throught the tough times . 
There may be a mass murder at my house if my sister doesn't find my CD that she lost . Also I have an interview with Home Depot next friday . Only I don't actually remember which location . F !!!!! That freakin cd was new ! 
Well , I found it . It's smudged and scratched , but at least it still plays . Unfortunately the turds I put up with have absolutely no respect for anything belonging to me . 
Is it you I want or just the notion of a heart to wrap around so I can find my way around ... 
' s mom is on her way to the hospital . Not to have her beby . Something is wrong with her head , which she had surgery on less than a year ago . I don't care who you pray to , but anyone who reads had better be praying right now because I am . 
Well , mom's okay . She's home and sleeping . Apparently it was just a huge migraine . Unless it wasn't ..... :( 
I just came home from the doctor . The rapid strep test was negative but he gave me an antibiotic anyway because it looks like Tonsilitis . Ummm someone please explain to me how someone who doesn't have any tonsils can get tonsilitus . 
I wish i could , but I don't think I can hold on much longer ... :( The brink of insanity is overrated . 
Well , tomorrow's the day . Baby No Name is going to be here . I'm excited to hold a small baby again ! 
pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United\ 
States of < PROPFEMALE > , and to the Republic for which it stands : one Nation\ 
under GOD , indivisible , With < PROPFEMALE > and Justice for all . REPOST IF YOU\ 
THINK OUR COUNTRY AND OUR FLAG DESERVE RESPECT ! Let's see how many\ 
< PROPFEMALE > ns will repost ! 
Soooo ready for this day to be OVER . Sick of almost all of my siblings . Especially all the ones under 12 . 
I know you don't believe in fairies , so you probably won't believe that I can turn you into a frog . But you probably believe in hammers . And you probably believe that I have one . And you probably believe that I know where your head is . 
Why do I always attract old guys !? It's gross . 
.... Dude ..... 
I hate lots of things . But nothing could ever compare to how much I hate myself right now .... Wish I had someone to talk to that gets it . 
What is love ? Baby don't hurt me , don't hurt me no more . What is lo- ..... I broke the window again . 
sigh . I miss you , but I can't tell you that because then you might think I care about you :P 
So sing to me about the end of the world , the end of these hammers and needles for you ... 
Sometimes I really hate people :( 
If you \like\ " this status I will write on your wall something I like about you . make this your status if you want a challenge . :) " 
I'm so sick , infected with where I live , let me live without this empty bliss , selfishness . I'm so sick ... 
You know , I might not be good enough for you . I might never be good enough . But I'm not perfect . But I'm okay with myself :) 
Little kids suck . My glasses are now being held together with duct tape , courtesy of Chesney , and fell into the dishwater while I was washing the bottles . :( 
It all started back in the second grade when I was eating my cereal . I caught my reflection in my spoon and said to myself wow you are ridiculously good looking ... 
You know what ? I just decided that I'm done taking other people's crap . I am done wasting my time caring what other people think about me . This is how I am . I am this way for a reason . You don't have to like it . I don't care . But I'm not going to change for you . I'm going to change for one person , and that person is me . 
Suffocate the dreams in my mind , drown the thoughts that have me confined , gutter dreams as black as the night , no one told me empathy's a lie ... sigh . Today is sucky . 
Put me to sleep Evil Angel , Open your wings Evil Angel , Fly over me Evil Angel , Why can't I breathe Evil Angel ? 
Today is a good day . I finally got my new glasses AND I FINALLY got my learners permit !!! 
I am so happy today ! My baby sister had her blessing today and I'm surrounded by the most awesome family in the world ! The next guy I'm with had best understand that my family is FIRST ! 
is sick of other people ... 
Is it you I want or just the notion of a heart to wrap around so I can find my way around ? 
I wanna put my tender heart in a blender , watch it spin around to a beautiful oblivion .. 
I'm in a hand me down shirt , but I don't care because it's a size smaller than the shirt I bought a couple weeks ago !! 
For once I wanna be the car crash , not always just the traffic jam ... 
just realized she's not a very nice person and hasn't been in the past . She wishes she could go back and fix some things ... 
Since when is death considered an \injury\ " or \ " side effect \"?" 
I'm a little wiser than I was back then , but still I'm stumbling everyday trying to walk a little straighter , trying to find a way to forgive 
My shampoo smells like Scrubbing Bubbles . Gross . 
Ugh ... I hate being sick :( 
It's like people think I like to go places when I'm sick . And it's raining while it's hot , which makes it humid which makes a really cranky < PROPFEMALE > . 
Until you know what it's like to want to die , REALLY want to die , don't you say another word about it being the easy way out . Until you are in the worst pain a human being could EVER suffer don't even think it . Suicide is NOT the easy way out . When something happens to you that makes you want to put a gun to your head you feel free to say something about it . Until that day , you had best keep your mouth shut . 
I'm so mad >:( 
When I'm alone I feel so much better and when I'm around you I don't feel ... 
How would one go about getting copious amounts of nail polish out of heavily textured carpet after they have already tried dousing it with Nail polish remover , Resolve and going over it with a carpet cleaner ? 
Is honesty really so much to ask for ? 
sigh . I miss < PROPMALE > Wiggle . < PROPFIRST > is dumb . I haven't been this disappointed since < PROPMALE>'s retarded brother < PROPFIRST > took over Blue's Clues ... 
I know I have a lot to be grateful for . I just forget sometimes . 
So i just got home from the dentist and the left side of my face is so numb my nostrils are uneven . Literally . 
I'm still waiting for the rain to fall , pour real life down on me . Cause I can't hold on to anything this good enough ... Am I good enough ? 
LOVE MY SISTER week . If you have a sister who has made you laugh , wiped your tears , hugged you , watched you succeed , saw you stumble throughout life , cheered you on and kept you strong , copy and paste this to your status . Sisters are a promise that we will have a best friend . 
Having a bad week ... but back from my temporary facebook boycott . 
I really wish life had a do over button . I'm sick of feeling so much regret for things that I could have changed a long time ago . 
I'm sick of people treating me like I'm stupid . I made some not do great choices . I didn't go to the classes that I didn't want to go to . It really hurts my feelings that people still bring up the fact that I dropped out . I made that choice , I don't need to be reminded of it . I realized how stupid it was and I'm getting my diploma a little bit late . When you are perfect , feel free to blame me for my mistakes . 
Understand what I've become ... It wasn't my design . And people everywhere think I'm something better than I am . 
Guess who has a job ! Oh that's right it's me ! Kaching !!! 
First day of work and they put me in with the infants . What were they thinking ?! Super hard day :( Hopefully tomorrow's better ... 
Don't try to fix me , I'm not broken . 
I can't hold on to me , wonder what's wrong with me 
I should be getting ready for work right now ... But I'm not . 
I think I might murder my co worker . It would be WELL worth the prison time ... 
I just want to go to sleep and wake up and have everything be ok for once . 
I hate how when i dont want to talk about it everyone wants to talk to me about it . And when something really is wrong no one is there to talk about it . 
Swallowed up in the sound of my screaming , cannot cease for the fear of silent nights . Oh how i long for the deep sleep dreaming , the goddess of imaginary light ... 
Keaghan mom says shut up about it . But this guy thinks paper is doughnuts ! 
~ Watch my icy hot superslide ! ~ 
I wish I were different ... 
Just gimme the beach boys and free my soul I wanna get lost in yovr rock and roll and drift away ... 
Thanks everyone : ) 
Thanks everyone ! :) 
:( 
Why is is that every time I start to feel remotely good about myself , he has to say or do something to make me feel lower than freakin dirt ? 
Don't say I'm out of touch with this rampant chaos , your reality . I know well what lies beyond my sleeping refuge , the nightmare I built my own world to escape ... 
I will never be perfect . I'm a total dork at times . I am temperamental . I am slightly deranged . I don't like to be alone . I'm afraid of the dark . Sometimes I make faces at old people when I'm in the car and laugh when I get caught . No , I will never be perfect . But I will always be fun to be around and I will always know how to laugh at myself :) And that's fine with me . 
Dear work-\ 
I hate you . A lot . You suck . \ 
- < PROPFEMALE > 
Sigh ... Can I just state for the record that people bug me . 
EVIL : This room stinks . Lysol it . ME : Ok ( sweetly)\ 
EVIL : ( stomps out in a huff bc she can't find anything else to lecture me about . )\ 
ME : ( Gets can of lysol . Proceed to spray copiovs amounts in the hopes EVIL will breath it in and die . ) 
Blueberry 
I'm done . Completely worn out in every way humanly possible . 
The sun will set on this my dear . Your labors aren't in vain . You're blistered and you're burned from it , your wounds are gonna heal . 
Seriously , who is everyone trying to impress ? And when are they all going to learn that people worth impressing just don't care ? 
Funny how you can be on a social networking site and still feel totally alone . Sigh ... I just need a good cry session . 
I saw someone I didn't expect to see again today ... I won't mention names , but seeing them pretty much ripped my heart out :( 
Quotes of the day-\ 
Dad : \You need to stop changing your clothes every day ! \ " \ 
Dear The Next Person That Tells Me I'm Going To Be a Great Mother-\ 
They are going to need the jaws of life to remove my foot from your rectum . There is a substantial difference between being a great babysitter and a great mom . That is all . 
I need a change ... So I think I'm going to dye my hair . Should I go darker or lighter ? 
