Bored , doing a bunch of quizzes . 

Awww <3 
Maybe i'm messed up , maybe i get mad and say shit when ppl piss me off . I'm typically a very nice person but don't fuck with me when i'm mad . 
Oh gosh , my voice it's going away !!! Trying not to talk now . :/ 
Happy New Year all !! Just a few hours left :) 
Hope everyone had an amazing New Year's < PROPFEMALE > and a good start to the new year . 
My parents failed to tell me they were going out tomorrow and wouldn't be back until about midnight . After I made plans , now i get to cancel my plans and stay home to babysit . ;/ 
My little brother is so cute , he's only 7 and he calls me to tell me he's going to use his father's facebook account to play Farmville . Only he doesn't even know how to spell facebook or how to find Farmville . Cutest part is he talks like he's a grown-up . I love my enanos . 
I wish things were the way they used to be , i wish you never saw that folder ... :/ 
Wish I could go to the beach with my mom , stepdad and little brother for the weekend , but oh well ... fair on saturday !! 
Can't wait for tomorrow !! 
Finally got that chocolate milk out of my hair -_- 
Hoping for a good weekend . :) 
Finally done with dual enrollment until June 21 !!!!! 
Yea < PROPFEMALE > you were right , pirate language is fun ! 
So I hope Lantz likes the letter i wrote him about his absence and the slave work he tried to make us do . :) 
Can't wait for school to end . It will ... eventually ... 
Finally home :) 
Got our SAT scores today . I'll do better next time . 
Fun time yesterday at the beach with < PROPFIRST > Cribeiro . Too bad the water wasn't too good . Hopefully the next time we go there won't be as many waves . 
I have a feeling something's gonna happen but idk what . Maybe tomorrow will be a good day . :) 
French journals finally done !! 
The project for Lantz went well . Hopefully the bribing with cake was enough to get an A . 
Mambo No . 5 is such an awesome song . 
Going to bed . Nighty night < PROPMALE > year . 
Yea ... I'm never looking at my cousin's pics again . 
If your brave , copy this to your status . \ 
And see what people rate you . ( 1 ) crazy . ( 2 ) wish we went out . ( 3 ) \ 
talkative . ( 4 ) sarcastic . ( 5 ) lovable . ( 6 ) sexy . ( 7 ) strong . ( 8 ) dumb . \ 
( 9 ) spoiled . ( 10 ) mouthy . ( 11 ) wild . ( 12 ) goofy . ( 13 ) funny . ( 14 ) \ 
awsomelyawsome . ( 15 ) amazing . ( 16 ) beautiful . ( 17 ) cute . 
Finally , haven't been able to use the computer since Sunday !! 
Eventually < PROPFIRST > will pick me up . Eventually ... 
First day of class . Pretty awesome teacher . Hopefully the class will be fun . 
I miss you already :/ 
Glad to be back home :) 
Got my braces off this morning :D but these retainers are impairing my speech . -__- 
Not one of my best days :( but it's really not that bad . 
Can't wait for the trip !! :D 
Ouchies >.< my back hurts . 
Packing , excited for the weekend !!! 
Thanks to everyone who wished me a happy birthday . I would've responded sooner but I just got back early this morning and haven't been online until now . Thanks everyone !! :D 
Quite an interesting day today ... 
Wish the weekend with < PROPFIRST > Cribeiro never ended . 
I hope this gets fixed soon ... :/ 
Now that almost everything's been straightened out :\ 
1 . Advanced Placement English \ 
2 . Advanced Placement United States\ 
3 . Customer Assistance 1 /Level 2\ 
4 . French 3 ( Yay I have an actual elective !! )\ 
5 . Advance Placement Macroeconomics\ 
6 . DE : History of the U.S. to 1877\ 
7 . Pre-Calculus 
So , I'm probably not putting up any more of my senior pics . I want to fill that album with pics of the whole year ending with cap and gown . 
I HAVE A UNICORN !!! 
People want my unicorn , you know who you are ( < PROPFEMALE > ) . 
So who's going to school tomorrow ? 
I need to get a new profile pic , had mine for a while . 
So about a month ago I applied to UCF and USF . Yesterday and today I get letters saying I'm accepted . 
No essay friday . 
Finally have my College Tour pictures . 
Getting ready for tonight . 
Ice cream , yumm . 
I have a random single red hair . I knew I wasn't imagining things . 
There was a lizard ... -_- 
I expected more from < PROPMALE > Iglesias ... 
Alright guys if you check your facebook mail , you'll find a lovely email from me about the COD Marathon . I know EVERY SINGLE ONE of you got it , some possibly twice . You can't pretend not to know about it . Please donate !!! 
So guys , I'm sure by this point you've heard about the COD Marathon for Child's Play < PROPFEMALE > . You're probably annoyed from hearing about it non-stop . I'll make you a deal . If you all donate i'll stop annoying you . 
Pissed 
Possibly the cutest cheekies . 
Guess who's going to FSU next fall ? < PROPFIRST > Cribeiro and I are !!! 
FSU <3 
The little girl at the Adopt A Family party was so cute ^-^ 
Inbox only : it's confession time ! 2010 is almost over , so confess something you've always wanted to tell me and I promise it will stay between us . Put this as your status , you might be surprised . 
So happy :D 
Everyone liked my key lime pies :) 
Fun time at our weird picnic 
Spent the last two days with my funny friends :) 
This has been a very productive day . 
It is finally over !! 
I need more pictures . 
The domino effect 
I need a song right now to keep me awake . 
People are actually online at this time ... 
BOOOOORED !! 
I like my new phone :) 
Why did I leave this paper for last minute ? 
The One you just called fat ? She has been starving herself & has lost over 30lbs The One you just called stupid ? She has a learning disability & studies over 4hrs a night . The One you just called ugly ? She spends hours putting makeup on hoping people will like her . The One you just tripped ? She is abused enough at home . There's a lot more to people than you think . PUT THIS AS YOUR STATUS IF YOU'RE AGAINST BULLYING . 
These damn essays > : l 
< PROPFEMALE > 
What a great day , now my worries are over ! :) 
Back from the fair . It was fun ... but so tired . 
I will never finish my research paper ... 
