N-V-T-S .... nuts 

Going to work . 
werk werk werk ... 
Grind grind grind .... working is like playing a video game over and over again . 
Yay . 
Yarrrrr , ye scalliwags be plunderin me loot ... 
Still werking ! 
Now that I think I've gotten over my hangover , time to check out some pics of The < PROPMALE>'s Magnificence ! 
I need a massage ! 
So many things to do in a new house ... it's just crazy round here . 
Augh , have to sleep . 
Crazy ! 
Mmmm ... dinner . 
I love baby ! 
Late ... need to wake up soon ... for great justice . 
Orchestral music from old video games is awesome . 
Not enough sleep , time to work .... rough . 
Slept in today , that is awesome ! 
Day 1 vacation : No sunburn ! 
Burned . 
I hate it when you have to wake up early on days off ... guess I had better get used to this eh ? 
For great justice ! 
I hate censorship . 
Yay 
I love passive aggressive . Facebook , tell them I hate them . 
Ready to roll out ! 
What a bunch of bullshit . 
Knee hurts like a sonofabitch , and a good nights rest isn't looking to good . Grumble ... 
Grats 
< Kingslayer > 
Head is spinning . Migraines are the worst . 
Cranial Sacral Class FTW . 
Day 2 Hard palate work . Yes in the mouth . 
Day 3 : Review then infants and children under eight , followed by Arcing then lunch . Busy busy . 
I think ice cream will make it better . 
How people wake up at this time and earlier is beyond my meager level of comprehension . 
Staring at someone because you can't take their pain away sucks . 9 hours down maybe several to go . Boo . 
Epidural'd . 
Baby is here . Rather arrived this morning @ 1 . Mommy and baby doing well , daddy is tired and would like a nap . Let's see if the nice nurses can give a few hours to the cause . 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > is doing well . < PROPFEMALE > is the best wife ever since she let me get 7 hours of sleep last night . Still in the hospital after the C-section . Maybe home tomorrow . 
Pics up of the < PROPFEMALE > . 
Sleepy . 
Culling is complete . Friends list back down below 100 . 
Household in meltdown mode ... for rock ! 
Baby sleeping , feeding in 2 hours ... oh boy ! 
If you are a Ravens fan I don't wanna hear about the shark cage around < PROPMALE > anymore . 
Werking . 
thinks that being an imperial gaurdsman is awesome . 
Hangin with the folks . 
Up late , waiting to see if someone needs to be fed soon . Fifteen minutes more then she is under mommies purview . 
hates being sick . 
is confused why all the women on facebook have started this I like it on the and don't explain what they like doing there . 
Argh . Sick again . What the hell am I eating that could be doing this to me . 
Thank you to < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > , and especially to < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , and my father . You all make it easy for a weenie like me . Thank a Veteran day ! 
Introspectively Depressing song lyric , \I wonder who will respond to my brooding . \"" 
Fuck CBS and their this game isn't competetive and so we're switching to a worthless game ... 
Just took a nap . It was to short . 
Who just became a Packers fan ... This guy . 
Waiting for your doctors appt is bad enough . Waiting for your infants is insufferable . 
< PROPFEMALE > is about to unleash the fury ! 
For the first time in perhaps months I don't hear anything from our neighbors . 
first understand how it could nmbe so difficult to book appointments appropriately . Does it take an advanced math degree to know not to book more than 4 . 
Boo . Jesus commercial on the super bowl . 
Sad for Stillers fans . Aren't you sad ? 
Changed the first solid food poop diaper . I had been warned , but the warning was ... insufficient . It was horrible . It was like descending into the 10 rings of hell . 
As a lapsed catholic I feel it is my duty to nominate all parents who have more than one child for sainthood on the basis of how many poop diapers they have to change . 
Here are the normal boobs ( . )( . ) , the silicone boobs ( + )( + ) , the perfect boobs ( o)(o ) . Some boobs are cold (^) (^) , and some boobs belong to grandmothers \\./\\./ And let’s not forget the very large boobs ( o Y o ) , and very small boobs (.) (.) , and lastly the asymmetrical boobs (•) (.) . We love them all ! Post this message on your wall and say ??? (?_?) ??? to breast cancer !!!!! 
has a case of the Mondays . 
