HAPPY BIRTHDAY MOMMY 

feels fat ugggghhh . hates it . :[ 
< PROPFEMALE > SUCKS . a lot . 
I cant wait to see you too uncle kev !! 
kenzies sleeping :) 
hahahahaha thats kinda funny .. 
im pretty tired . 
i need decorations on farmville . like fences or hay squares . OR i need expenzive things that i can sell n get more cash on farmville . thank you ill repay the favors . :) 
FACEBOOK BOREDOM EXPERIMENT : If you are reading this , even if we don't speak often , post a comment of a memory of you and me . When you've finished , post this paragraph on your own status ; you'll be surprised what people remember about you . 
Happy 21st Birthday babe 
i miss you babe . 
i want bushes on farmville please send me some . 
tireeeedddddd ... arrrggghhh . missin my love . 
i really hope my day doesnt get any worse . 
gosh i hate it when people ask to be your friend , when they KNOW its a fact that you hate them . i dont think they could get any more stupid . for real . 
imma pass out . 
............. flustered . 
shower then bed . goodnight yall 
:) < PROPFEMALE > Xmas everyone ! 
so sleepy .. relaxing and enjoying a movie with my loves before i cook dinner <3 tomorrow is gonna be a big day ... 
FUCKING < PROPFEMALE > HAPPY :)) 
law && order . dondon 
< PROPFEMALE > is eating pancakes n eggs for lunch :) 
goodnight everyone ! ZzZzZzZzZzZz wish me luck for a smooth day tomorrow 
< PROPFEMALE > got 7 shots today !! :(( it was not fun . but im relieved i got all the paperwork that i needed to get ! these next couple of days are gonna be pretty rough .. 
goodnight all . 
monday is the secret life ive been waiting for !! geezzz i cant wait to be with my love xoxo 
blah blah blah . 
staying strong is harder then it sounds ... 
EPIC MOMENT : i cleaned the fish tank by myself for the first time :) so fresh n so clean clean . im proud of myself ... My love is in the field now , stay safe baby ! 
i hate how complicated it is to deal with stuff in the military sometimes ... 
NEXT WEDNESDAY IS GOING TO BE THE BEST DOG THE BOUNTY < PROPMALE > :) Hopefully .... 
sprained my right wrist :( its swallon , hurting , and complicating life = not fun . i miss my love really bad every second of every day . an my daughter is growing faster than i know it right in front of my eyes . every time i turn around shes doing/saying something new that she hasnt before . 
poptart poptart poptart . :) 
i need 5 brick , 3 harnesses , 3 horseshoes , and 4 nails . Please help me finish my horse barn . Thank you 
Im convinced joschua < PROPFIRST > goff is my soulmate :)) < PROPFEMALE > happy cant get this smile off my face . 
< PROPFEMALE > is getting < PROPFEMALE > big so fast . it never ceases to amaze me ... 
RECIEVED MY PASSPORTS TODAY :) i call to book my ticket tomorrow :D waiting to talk to josch . (( he doesnt know yet lol )) FINALLY !!! 
ugh need to get a hold of josch and cant .... this is sucky . 
I LEAVE ON THURSDAY !! April fools day :) yet this is no april fools my friend . i will know the time and more about my flight tomorrow when my ticket comes via email :)) i love when things go smoothly !!! 
Its < PROPFEMALE > beautiful in germany . i love it . but my family being together is my favorite part :)) and i wouldnt change this for the world . Miss you all back home . cant wait to visit or vice versa ! 
IM SOOO TIRED and soreee ! josch decided to hog all of his side of the bed n kenzie kept having nightmares or something last night so she climbed into our bed and decided to take the whole top half of my side so i was curled in a ball on the bottom corner of the bed ..... next time im laying on top of them !! lol at least were all together .. <3 
ughh done with morning sickness . not as bad as when i had kenzie but it woulda been nice to just not get it this time . idk maybe give me a break or something ... to much to ask ? 
ive decided kenzie n i are going to start doing yoga together :) not in a class or anything , id feel awquard with all the other people , but just at home copying viedos :) its what all the cool kids are doing . good stress reliever and workout . 
my daughter can count all the way to 10 by herself ! n shes not even 2 yet ( well in 12 days she will be but still ... ) im so impressed . shes growing up too fast ! 
attempting againg to post pictures butt waiting for 299 things to load off my cam . n its going really slooowww . maybe by tonight-ish ill have a couple new ones upp ... :]]] 
so for this past week its been 90degrees and humid , even at night ! p.s. theres NO a/c in the houses unless u buy it seperate . now today there was a really intense thunder storm , cooled off the whole house ! i LOVE it !! 
im hoping my love gets off work early today due to this weather ... i miss him already :( 
today is the second time someone has tryed to enter my house without knocking . and hasnt stuck around for me to see who it was . i live on the 3rd story the door was locked but i heard a noise outside my door and watched the handle move down as someone tryed to open it . went and opened it literally 3 sec later an they were gone . i dont understand .. 
yummy chicken n dumplings r delicious :]]] 
movie n ice cream tonight with my loves :)) wouldnt have it anyother way . 
eating a subway meatball sandwich :]] mmmm ... hubby gets off work at 7 today and its the last day of nightshift ! woot woot . Hopefully ill do a little bit of maternity shopping today too :)) skinny jeans dont fit nemore :( 
gonna meet up with everyone at 6:30 AM to go to skyline park , were all excited :]] happy early birthday kenzie . 
going wic shopping now . n picking up lunch . then i have NOTHING to do .. hopefully kenzie stays in this good mood all day :) 
tomorrow is kenzies birthday !!! thinking of talking to josch about going to the lake this weekend . maybe a little picnic or something ? well see ... 
boring weekend ..... hope the week gets better . 
hi everyone im sorry i havnt been in touch its < PROPMALE > crazy busy around here with a 2 month field coming up and no internet . but that should change on wed . i love you all and will talk to u all soon . 
well now that weve told both of our parents i think its safe to put out that ITS A GIRL EVERYONE !!! im almost 25 weeks along now . and things are going pretty good :)) MISS YOU ALLL < PROPFEMALE > MUCH 
As of right now the name were kinda stuck on is Brooklyn < PROPFEMALE > Goff . :) i was kicked in the ribs for the first time the other day . n leg cramps are horrable . but over all the pregnancy i think is going pretty smoothly . :) P.S. I know its halloween coming up so < PROPFEMALE > apple pops have got to be somewhere ! if anyone finds any please send me some ! i would like to surprise josch with them he loves them . 
gonna attempt to upload pictures . wish me luck .... im gonna need it lol . 
okay so i got as far as connecting the stupid thing . now i cant find where to pull it up on my comp so i can upload pictures . n its not doing it automatically like a normal camera . w.e. i did last time really f****d it up .. if it didnt have so many pictures on it id < PROPMALE > it out the window . 
Off to sleep at 2am again :] ( missing my hubby ) but < PROPFEMALE > exhausted . tomorrow is a new day . good night everyone . 
pancakes for breakfast/lunch :) whoo'sss hungry ? 
So im looking to surprise my hubby somehow . Just to show him how much i appreciate him . I wasnt thinking anything huge , just a little something . but idk . ANYBODY's suggestions would be very helpful .... thanks . 
so i got to sleep in . i woke up with all this energy n in a good mood . n now only a couple hrs later ... im exhausted . i havent even done anything yet today . 
i stretch and i stretch and i stretch and i cat get rid of these leg cramps . tylenol is useless when i do take it(even tho i rarely take it ) , and now the pain is starting to shoot up my back . this is < PROPFEMALE > sucky . i wish my hubby was home , or i could take some type of stronger medication .. i waddle like a freking 9 month pregoo lady . n im only 7 months !! its ridiculous . 
ahh time to put this little grump to sleep ! n get some relaxing time in for myself . :) 
well i got some old pictures up on facebook . lol still have yet to put up the new ones . but im EXHAUSTED !!! < PROPFEMALE > goodnight everyone . 
we might be getting 2 bunnys ! cross your fingers !! weve been searching for a good house pet for so long and bunnys would be perfect . :]]] 
brooklyn has been pushing my tummy out even further like all day . i think shes determined to just bust right out of my stomach . And mckenzies been sooo cute today just dancing , randomly coming n holding my hand(so our fingers r laced together ) , Lots of kisses , and helping me clean everything . she even slept in with me til 1 today . I LOVE IT :) 
A U.S. Military Member is somewhere in the world tonight missing their family while you are safe at home . In the minute it takes you to read this , military members all over the world are not only saving lives , but they are also sacrificing their own life for your freedom . It's Military Appreciation Week . Re-post if you ... are in the military , love a military member , or appreciate our troops . 
it is 3:30 in the morning n i dont think i could possably be more tired . but of coase itll take another hour or two just to fall asleep ... ehh < PROPFEMALE > if your reading this lemmi know if you talked to gma yet ... good night everyone else .. 
My hubby still puts butterflys in my tummy . :) i love him < PROPFEMALE > much ! hes so good to me . and i couldnt ask for a better dad to my kids <3333 2-1/2 more days til he comes home !! 
I think Brooklyn gets the hiccups just as much as Kenzie did when she was in my tummy ( ALOT ) .. 
gotta get kenzie dressed n my shoes on then i think imma head over to the shopette in probably about 20 < PROPFEMALE > . maybe let her go down the slide a couple times ( if its not wet ) since the weathers clear right now . :]] shes running around the whole house saying im running im running !! lol 
I dont think ive been this bored in a looong time . ive had nothing to do but ive been content . i feel like im going crazy right now like theres something i should be doing but nothing comes to mind . i think im just gettin antsy for my hunny to come home . gooshh i cant wait til tuesday and time is going by < PROPFEMALE > SLOW !! 
I just got to rock and sing my daughter to sleep in my arms like i used to when she was a baby . <3333 shes growing way to fasttt . 
Awesome day today with the < PROPFEMALE > and the kids . :D Got sooo much done ((( i couldnt be more thankfull !!! ))) kenzie got new toys that i CANT pry her away from :]] and < PROPFEMALE > i got your package today thank you the jacket is SO CUTE !! and thanks for the extra 5 pds of fat imma gain lol their delicious . today def . went by super fast , n tomorrow my love is gonna be home <3 it feels so good to be able to say that . 
i want a doner and a black < PROPFEMALE > milk shake ... mmmm . Hopefully the love of my life will be home within the next hour or two ... <333 its already been foreverr ! 
:]] <33 
about to make brunch .. i hate how difficult it is to find a damn number on base in illesheim ... but still in a very good mood :]]] i love my hubby being home . 
i need more sleep ... still need to clean the house(company tonight ) ... kenzie isnt listening AT ALL today ... we went running around all day , and was up like all night ... im TIRED ! and i would like to cut off my legs . cant wait for this four day so josch can be with me more , n we finally get a little break ! Edelweiss here we come :D ( gotta get up early tho :[ not cool . ) 
WERE HOME n the trip was AMAZING !! :) gotta get kenzie in her costume so we can go trick or treating soon ( just a little bit ) then back home to just relax . :]] thank you < PROPFEMALE > for taking care of the bunnys . we appreciate it ! and call me or something if u still plan on comin to chill tonight . 
ugh so kenzie got sick in daycare over in edelweiss :( the last night n now im coming down with a head cold n i feel like poop ... n brooklyn is practicing karate on the inside of my tummy . :) 
kenzies down for a nap :) my turn to relax n watch a movie i like , n wait for my love to come home . finally got most my cleaning done this morning . time to be lazy .. we hate being sick :( 
homemade fajitas for dinner finally yummmy :]] thanks to my love . Got a new doctor and pictures of brooklyns face ( looks just like kenzies did in her ultrasounds ) lol n shes got her daddys lips . now i get to go watch a movie with my family :]]] 
ughh what is there to do out here on a SUNDAY ?!?! im thinking a break is in need . 
i miss my little brother :( . i think this is the quietest my home has been in a long time with kenzie n josch both sleeping.im kinda enjoying it lol . but at the same time i dont know what to do with myself .. think ill head to bed soon too . 
my daughter just kicked me out of her room so that she could spend time with her daddy . super cute but at the same time i was just rejected ! i love them tho guess that means its time for me to start dinner . 
cant wait for tomorrow ( saturday) ! i get back/foot massages without complaints ! n josch gets to wake up with kenzie and put her to sleep ! gotta love birthdays :]]] also happy just to be outta my \teens\ " lol " 
fair warning : we lose internet at some point tomorrow .. :( so well be disconnected for a little . lol but well have it back up in like a week n a half ... something like that .. THANK YOU in advance for all the bday wishes . i love you all !! and < PROPFEMALE > if i dont get on before ur birthday HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOU TOO ! 
mmmm made some homemade rice krispy treats ( but with fruity pebbles . ) and now all thats left to do is wait for them to cool n in our tummys they go . be jealous ;]] 
kenzie decided she didnt wanna listen to me ( whats new ? ) and kept messing with the bunnys through the top of the cage and fell in head first again for the second time ! hahaha it was funny/cute . but i doubt shes learned her lesson .. 
perfect combo right now would be a heating pad , back massager , and some icyhot or something close . my upper back is killing me ... mm some apple cider would be good too . lol anyone have any easy thanksgiving food ideas ? id like a variety of things on the table for our first thanksgiving in our own place .. :) 
so timeouts work for like 2 seconds with kenzie now(useless ) . n sometimes she makes me just want to scream ! uggghhh ! i have a headache and backache and tylenol just doesnt cut it . cant wait til my hubby gets home !! im not having a good time right now ... 
lets make today a better day :) . no stress for me please . thank you . 
watching stateside waiting for my love to come home with our new SOFT blankets ! mmm cant wait to cuddle up n our nice clean house . movie night ! got the expendables and toy story 3 :) oh and pizza :)) 
watching white chicks waiting for my love to come home(hopefully early .. ) so we can do some last < PROPFEMALE > grocery shopping for thanksgiving . :) my hubby bought me a new laptop for my bday and i love it . it doesnt overheat ! and the screen doesnt come half way off lmao thank you babe 
ugh i dislike when everything just changes last secondd .... n u have to make a decision RIGHT then . things could be worse tho . 
turns out this laptop was the best bday gift josch could have got me . FINALLY GETTING NEW PICTURES UP TONIGHT EVERYONE :) it was the old laptop that wouldnt let me upload them not my camcorder .. 900/1148 pictures already uploaded :D umm im guilty of taking too many pictures ... 
YAY snow !! HAPPY THANKSGIVING EVERYONE . im very thankful to be with my loves in our own home(espically thankful brooklyn is healthy ) <3 and im very thankful for our friends and family back home and all the friends we've made out here you guys all have been amazing and we appreciate you more then u all know . :) [[ p.s. pictures will be up soon my internet is just really really sucky ... ]] 
ive decided after today im going no where near my scale ( not that i wanna go near it being prego neways ... lol ) .. im really full n we still havent eaten dessert ... thanksgiving turned out wonderful n turkey turned out delish for joschs first time making it . :) hope everyone elses thanksgiving turned out just as good . 
iimm sooo sleepy . letting josch sleep in today tho , we had a good night just spending time together last night . <3 put up christmas tree EARLY . hehe . kenzie busted her lip n gum last night so we get to go to the dentist today(her first time)to make sure shes okay :( . then to aundreas bday , already got gift wrapped and have anthonys bday gift(late ) but wrapped as well . i feel accomplished :) yay me . 
only like 4-5 weeks left before brooklyn gets here ! im starting to get nervous/anxious ... we're debating on weither or not to have a baby shower this time around ... hummm ... p.s. if anyone can get a hold of my mom let her know to check her email please i need to talk to her .. 
. had a prego scare today ! brax n hicks i think they were ... 3 cm dialated ... but we got to get an ultrasound n everything n everything is good :) just thought id update everyone back home n such . 
gonna play wii with my love :) he talks alot of poop .. gotta show him whos boss ;]] 
so glad i have josch home on leave to help me for a while . tomorrow we get our new car ! no more getting stuck in snow ditches ;]] 
beer :) <3 
i love when my little girl wakes up n just comes n cuddles with me up on the couch <3 . shes singing me her abc's :) 
finally got up edel weiss pictures :) and working on random pictures under \my loves\ " album ... check it out if ur interested in a lil . " 
everyone is passed out .. lol not even brooklyns moving around . time to enjoy the peace , now that ive got most my cleaning done . :) enjoyed our trip yesterday to graf . ( dont know how to spell it .. ) yumm taco < PROPFEMALE > finally !!! cant wait to go back christmas shopping next paycheck . :]] 
boo to crappy internet ... 
does anyone have a gps we can borrow for a day tomorrow ? 
put up like 5 pictures in brooklyns album if you havent seen them already ... internets super slow so ill have more up eventually :) . 
ugghh toothpain has me restless ... 
this weekend is gonna be awesome ! be jealous . ;]] 
finally got shit accomplished today . thank u < PROPFEMALE > u n ur husband r awesome n i really appreciate yalls help ! the countdown begins ... 17 more days til my love comes home :) ! tomorrow more arrands ... yay :/ ... crossing my fingers the kids behave lol . 
now that both kids are asleep i dont know weither to catch up on sleep or stay awake just to enjoy the peace .. im thinking maybe catch up on the sleep .. well see how well that goes , first nights always the hardest when my love is gone ... goodnight everybody ... 
i hate trying to get on a schedule not being tired then looking at the clock n realizing its already 1:30 am ... i also hate cleaning poop up off the bathroom floor and babybath and her toilet .. thanks kenzie . lol kids ... gotta laugh or ull go nuts .! 
mmmm bubba burgers n zesty fries . imma end up gaining weight instead of losing it before my hubby gets home ... 
YAY i could scream but id wake up brooklyn !!! ahhhhh . im so excited ! 2 weeks til my love comes home and 3 weeks and one day til < PROPFEMALE > comes !! and i finally get to see my goddaughter !! awe lil baby < PROPFEMALE > !! i cant stop smiling :D 
damn < PROPFEMALE > is a bitch :D but i love it ! Today just got freaking amazing , My life is freaking amazing :D 
i ask kenzie what she wants to eat n she says uhh food . duhhhh kenzie ! as sad as it is she gets that sarcastic/obvious remarks from me . :/// now i get to deal with it lol 
time to put thesse kids to bed . things get ugly past their bedtime . lol goodnight everyone 
watching ' The Lost < PROPFIRST>' and im already freaking crying like a little bitch cuz they had to say goodbye . :( i hate goodbyes .. jeezz cant wait til my hubby gets home . 
< PROPFEMALE > is laugh really hard for no reason in her halloween costume saying \im so funny\ " .. i love her laugh . i love my kids . they drive me nuts ! but they always know how to make me laugh . less then a week n my hubby will be home <3 i cant wait . " 
fussy babies go to bed ! haha i remember when we used to tell my sister that now i tell my own kids . well one down one to go . 
Mmmm Happy 3 Years Baby !! you truely are an amazing husband n father , and im < PROPFEMALE > happy im married to you !! xox cant wait til you come home . only 5 1/2 more days . :]] 
started pilates the other day :] time to get this fatass skinny again . man i would have NEVER of imagained 4 years ago that this is where my life would be now . ? <3 But i truely wouldnt have it any other way ?? 
