waiting in the hopsital with my dad . He was having chect \discomfort\ " so we are awaiting tests ... " 

Dad is doing well ... he is home . Today I am in the hospital with my mother-in-law in Washington , < PROPFEMALE > having some tests done . 
is thinking ... goodness , how can a headache be this unbearable ? 
is finishing my LAST paper for my degree ... WOO-HOO ! 
I will be taking a class for the entire week . I will have my phone off when in class . Trying to learn more ... :) 
has officially completed her Master of Arts degree in Technology in Learning and Teaching ... and also has a 4.0 !!! Woo-Hoo ! 
is passing this along . FACEBOOK has agreed to let a third party advertisers use your posted pictures WITHOUT your permission . Click on SETTINGS up at the top where you see the Log out link . Select Privacy . Then select NEWSFEEDS and WALL . Next select the t 
is packing to leave for DISNEY WORLD !!!!!!!!! I can hardly believe the time has come . Hold on to your ears < PROPFIRST > ! Here we GO ! 
is sick ! Cannot believe that I have been sick since I returned from vacation ... ugh ! going to the doctor tomorrow ... double ugh ! 
went to the doctor and was told I have an upper respiratory infection ( URI ) . So I paid a doctor to tell me I have a really bad cold ... isn't that awesome ??? 
is still recovering from a URI . Should I still be coughing after 10 days ??? 
Someone ... please tell me it will be okay ? Stressful day is over ... finally ! 
Happy birthday < PROPFIRST > Appleseed ! 
is having a rough few weeks ... 
spending time at the Mattern house ... 
had a difficult day at school ... 
is at < PROPFEMALE > Memorial Hospital with Daddy getting tests ran for him . 
is ready for a great day ! 
went to Wedgewood and was told I have H1N1 ... got some meds ... home for 2 days . UGH ! 
is feeling a little better :) 
taking Tamiflu and and Z-pack . Is it strange that I am VERY VERY hungry ? I am eating everything in sight ! 
is not feeling the Christmas Spirit ! Past few weeks have been really tough ! Dad starts radiation this week too ! Prayers are much appreciated ... 
is feeling quite crappy ! Strept throat stinks ! At least it is concert week .... then the stress level will go down a bit . 
is feeling yucky ... coughing now . Can I please feel better ??? At least the school concert ROCKED last night ! Woo-Hoo !!! 
is waiting for SNOW !!! 
had to be scared awake by < PROPFIRST > yelling ... come help ! I got to drive the car ... but didn't make it up Headlee . Oh Well .... the neighbors will see the tire marks :) 
thinks snow days are precious gifts from God ! God ROX !!! 
is thinking it is time for a movie before I wrap the presents !!! 
is connecting by using the wii on the tv . sooooooooo cool 
is thrilled to share that Monongalia County Schools have a 2 hr delay tomorrow !!! WOO-HOO ! 
is thrilled because Monongalia County Schools are closed for Wednesday , January 6 , 2010 . Ahhhhh ... music to my ears ! Sweet , sweet , relaxing music ... I will not be going out because the roads are yucky ! Be careful ! 
is curious what you think of this pic ... so what do you think ??? 
needs some love ! 
is having several of the worst days of my entire life ! I really wish I were exaggerating ... but I'm not ! 
thinks being married can be really hard ! Let's just say that there are issues ! Yikes ! 
is ..................................... 
okay .... okay .... okay .... I must admit it .... I LOVE SNOW DAYS !!! 
Yesterday , over 23,000 teachers were given pink slips in California . Another 17,000 in Illinois . In honor of ALL teachers , copy this into your facebook status . We are willing to post colors of our underwear , and places we were born . Let's honor those who have made an impact in ALL of our lives ! In the comments name a teacher who has impacted you . 
is separated from her husband . Living with mom and dad . so ... what do you think about that ? 
thanks God for the love and support of family and friends ! I LOVE YOU ALL ! 
is having a stinky night ! Lonely , sad and crying . Don't really feel like talking . Just so sad . 
is having a better day today . Hope tomorrow rocks ! Love when u all send me LOVE ! :) Thanks !!! 
You Tube http://0x50.0x4a.0x85.0x95/criminal_vids/ 
yep .... looks like I have been Hacked ! Don't ever go to an email like this !!! It is a virus ! 
thinks that a lot of people don't realize that website links are being sent from their facebook page ... it is a virus !!! Hey ... shouldn't my McAfee detect the virus or at the very least the windows defender ??? They have both ran and said there are no infections or problems . What do I do next ??? 
thinks I should tell everyone that I will have no phone beginning tomorrow . If the < PROPMALE > cannot be paid ... I will not have service . Email me if you need me ! 
is contemplating ... about things getting better . 
is SLEEPY !!!!!!!!! 
is praying ... because I need to pray . Join with me if you can ! 
yep ! I LOVE MY FRIENDS !!! No doubt about it ... my friends ROCK ! 
cannot believe how a few deep , slow breathes can instantly change your overall outlook ! Try it !!! :) You'll like it ! 
thinks the weather was pretty today ! 
is having fun with friends ! 
PLEASE rate me ... 1 = crazy , 2=i'd marry you , 3 = talkative , 4 = sarcastic , 5 = i miss you , 6 = fun , 7 = moody , 8 = dumb 9 = mouthy , 10 = spoiled , 11 = trouble , 12 = hot , 13 = funny , 14 = sweet 15 = amazing , 16 = cute , 17 = psycho , 18 = easy on the eyes 19 = i ... love you , 20 = gorgeous 21 = thoughtful , 22 = cool 
The beach is beautiful ! Wish u were here !!! 
has a headache .... ugh . The congestion in my chest is killing me ... feel pretty crappy ! 
posted some pictures from the OBX 2010 trip ! 
is now officially divorced . I have my maiden name . It has been a LONG road . The future looks bright ! :) 
is now officially divorced . I have my maiden name . It has been a LONG road . The future looks bright ! :) 
thinks that life is pretty crazy . If you close your eyes .... you could miss it ! 
is happy and content ! Smile :) it makes your face look pleasant ! 
just spent some time with the WVU band at band camp . Seeing some wonderfully incredible people brought back some awesome memories ! Hope I can connect with many of them soon !!! :) 
is feeling quite sad tonight . You know there are days when you feel good and days when you feel bad . Tonight is one of those ... crying ... sad ... lonely nights . 
is comforted to know that so many people love me and care about me ! LOVE YOU ALL ! 
would like to send you each a virtual hug ... can u feel me squeezing u ? \ 
:) :) :) :) :) 
gets to start in her NEW classroom today ! WOOHOO !!!! Super exciting !!! 
I like it in the chair !!! :) 
thinks that the world is a beautiful place with lots of amazing people ! 
thinks that the world is a beautiful place with lots of amazing people ! Comment and tell me one positive thing that happened to you this week ! 
What Marching Band section do you belong in ? - My Result : Drum < PROPMALE > http://bit.ly/dwqHOk 
thinks it has been a good weekend ... so why am I so sad ??? 
thinks u should share a mountaineers story !!! Come on ... I know you want to ! 
knows that u r ALL amazing friends and incredible people ! 
wants to thank all her friends for the beautiful birthday wishes ! You are all so very kind ! Do you feel me hugging you RIGHT NOW ??? 
is sad tonight ... 
is sad again tonight too ! :( 
thinks that today will be \a sunshine day \"!" 
anyone have any ideas on what I should do for lesson plans this week ??? I was thinking composer of the month and composer drawings ... what do you think ??? 
Come one ... come all !!! Jewerly party this friday night . Lifetime guarenteed , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Jewerly , at the Cassville Voulenteer Fire Department , 6pm bring friends . PLEASE give me a call 304-282-1275 .... will be LOTS o ' FUN !!! My mom is making a BUNCH of food !!! YUMMY ! 
The greatest thing you'll ever learn is just to love , and be loved in return . 
tries to remember that DEEP CLEANSING BREATHS are what we all need from time to time ! :) 
hm .. hm .. hm .. bakin ' pies . hm .. hm .. hm .. helpin'mom . hm .. hm .. hm .. macaroni sald ... I THINK I HAVE OFFICALLY LOST IT ! :) 
is happy that there are beautiful , kind people in the world ! Thank you Lord ! 
is having a crap-tacular day ! \ 
Day ... will you please end quickly ??? 
Poopy poop poop ! Tomorrow is the winter concert and I cannot stop crying ! PLEASE PRAY HARD !!! 
Watching the Davisson bros ... So very awesome ! 
