Just conformed into getting facebook . 

I dont see why people like facebook . Just sitting here , not really productive . I think ........... yup , facebook has begun to eat my brain cells . 
I think alot of people hate me , true ? 
i want more friends on facebook , send me invites please . :) 
i want to break my phone . 
I was born in the wrong time . Man , < PROPFEMALE > Shaw was a great musician . listen to a song called nightmare . 
My phones broken again . \ 
So aggrivated ... sorry if i cant answer texts . 
says i hope ive made a good investment . 
is bored , and to tired to continue painting . 
says check out my < PROPMALE > and comment on it , \ 
dont be to mean please . 
Come on people , really ? \ 
only like three people have posted on my < PROPMALE > . 
feels kinda down . 
doesnt care anymore . 
The beginning of the end is the beginning 
\Its no longer fun \"" 
Sowing Season 
I feel like my heads on fire and im screaming while being dragged to the bottom of a lake . Other than that , im a little sore . 
Brand new-Play crack the sky ............. over and over again . 
is Running from problems . 
On my mind right now is how it seems like every friend i get close to will eventually tear away from me , at least eventually . Im also thinking about the ironic and angering events that have happened so far . Im also thinking about priorities . The doors , and the hermit . I give you the frame of the picture so at least you can see im still awake . 
Part 2\ 
Like me though it remained the same . It won't stop smiling because it is insane . A person would call it a monster , but I would say it is a loyal and old friend that returned to me and decided to stop , stay , and smile . The best kind of friend is a monster . 
Part 1\ 
\ 
I forgot something , but I found it . It seemed like it had changed since I last saw it , but that was only by how I viewed it in relation to me . Now I see it every day . It use to be my friend , back then I had none . Now I have few . But I can no longer talk to it anymore . It won't talk back . 
So shall my foot steps blaze a trail that none will follow . 
My anger that has grown from an encumbered tiredness , as I wrote down a few weeks ago , will be the coal that pushes me forward . I gave this announcement so you would know . It's only fair . Don't worry about me . This was really only meant for one person anyways . 
I'm leaving < PROPFEMALE > ; hopefully this will be a new and better life . Time may even let me place my past behind me , at least the bad parts so that I may forget them . I will still < PROPFEMALE > my anger with me though . I'm sure of that . 
... to set the fire , and cover your tracks\ 
time will tell , the past laughs last 
I need people to buy my < PROPMALE > . Or atleast make a request . Thanx . 
What do u think about me ? 
Noro 
Sic transit < PROPFEMALE > mundi 
My cryptic zenith is far 
Stressed 
Lost in thoughts 
Should i go to senior prom ? Even by myself ? 
I am heaven sent , dont you dare forget . I am all you've ever wanted . What all the other boys all promised . And its all from watching tv , and speeding up my breathing . Wouldnt stop if I could . Oh , it hurts to be this good . 
Let me in is actually a pretty sweet movie . Sweet as in romance wise . I think it translated itself well also . Check it out . 
Well ... i dont even know what to say , this weekend sucked , tommorow will suck . Dont really know what to do now . Started another painting ... decided im not going to prom . Dont have a dat , and its a stupid event anyways . 
I just realized something amazing , i kinda sound like panic at the disco when i sing , i could be a singer . My singing plus my poems would be monster . I guess it could be my back-up , back-up , back-up plan . 
I got accepted to ......... nothing ! Because i keep forgetting to apply . 
So i just did 50 pushups and 50 pull ups in 4 minutes . Is that good ? 
Finished my tribute poem to < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > , sadly i droped my phone in water a few hours later . If u dont know who < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > is u should probably google him . 
Im affraid to play my 360 cause if the power goes out and i didnt save , i may throw it out the window in anger . Lol 
Im done using facebook for now , its starting to bore me , and it waists my time . 
