It is bed time . good night all . 

has yet another night with nothing to do . 
has a massive infected blister on her foot :/ 
loves when it rains <3 
is currently unemployed ... 
looks like a crazy wild woman ! 
loves showtime tv . 
made seared salmon and whole wheat spaghetti w/ < PROPMALE > , lemon , and capers . All on a bed of fresh baby spinach . It was delicious ! 
is extremly nervous about her phone interview with the DM from PacSun ... 
doesn't believe the new Day of the Dead zombies are realistic . If your body shuts down you decay , not run really fast and climb walls like spiderman ... 
hopes her interview went well ... 
wishes she was a vampire :] 
just made gravy from scratch . yum . 
is watching < PROPMALE > of the Hill and they're playing roller derby :D 
may have had a few drinks ... 
is trying to sleep on the way home but can't get my mind off the game ! 
is wondering why she is so sore . It's not like anybody hit her lat night and she only fell 3 or 4 times .. 
is enjoying the storm , wheat thins , and some beer :] 
is ready for practice and needs a job . 
is hungry yet again . 
just had a grilled < PROPMALE > & cheese sammich with jalpenos . Yumtastic . 
loves beer . 
needs food . 
hates people who turn the air off when its hot outside !!! 
is hurting in places she wouldn't think possible . 
is done with practice . Now it's time for a snack and some wii fit time . 
feels great after working out . 
thinks the new girls did awesome with hitting tonight ! 
needs to sell a lot of her clothes but has no clue where to start . 
pulled a muscle but should be ok for the game next week . Cross your fingers . 
is glad my leg is feeling a lot better . 
is listening to the Beach Boys :D 
thinks it is waaay to hot outside . 
is ready for practice and is glad Blakely will be joining us tonight ! 
is watching the RT66 roller girls on man v . food . I wanna be on tv .. 
has the greatest boyfriend ever ! When I dropped him off at work he handed me his debt card and said \in case you want to buy < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland\ " :D " 
is ready for the game tonight and excited about all the new girls we have playing ! 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > , Snoop Dog , and roller skating dancers . Could there be a better performance ? 
needs a new battery for her car :/ 
so my car works .. sometimes ? 
had a dream last night that she chopped a guys head off with an axe .. 
is watching Casper then is going to try to be productive today :] 
really needs a job . Who is hiring ? 
is waiting for < PROPMALE > to get back from swimming and watching food network . 
wishes she had a source of income . There are things that need to be paid for . 
doesn't understand why people \like\ " bands and such on here and then just leave mean comments . " 
thinks this nose ring feels funny , but at least I can hide it if I need to . 
is watching < PROPFEMALE > Silverman . 
has an interview on Friday :D 
wants to go to the new < PROPMALE > Potter theme park that opened today ... 
is about to go to her interview ... 
got the job . It's seasonal , so it only lasts until Aug . Oh , and I won't get more than 15 hours a week . So I'm still looking . 
is watching < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland again before going to sleep . 
is heading to fay-town for some derby fun ! 
We didn't win but COMO did so I'm just as happy :D Way to go ladies !! 
is bored and has no car . 
is drinking some hazelnut coffee , yum <3 
is bored . 
is mad about this dumb blister . I wish it would just go away so I could skate harder :/ 
had an awesome practice ! 
wants to go shopping . I'm having withdrawls ... 
is excited about going to OKC :D 
is back from OKC and had a great time but I'm glad to be home . 
is about to go to speed practice and then derby right after that . 
had a great practice . Now I'm sleepy . 
is really hungry ! I can't wait for < PROPMALE > to get back with food . 
is going to try and be productive today . Lots of things to do around the house . 
is hurt but not injured . 
is watching FernGully . I know you're jealous . 
is bored out of my mind and I wish I could go back to sleep . 
If a squib and a wizard had a baby , would the baby be pure blood ? 
is ready for the scrimmage tonight ! Go black team :] 
WOO black team !! 
gotta love blu < PROPFIRST > <3 
is ready for some derby and really wants to work out more . 
loves that Neighbors From Hell just called inline skates \fruit boots\ " haha . " 
is up waayy too early . 
is going to go swimming :] 
wants to be in bed :/ 
went to work and saw that they moved the meeting back an hour and as I'm walking out the door they tell me that I didn't have to come to this meeting ... 
is watching the Phineas and Ferb roller derby episode . What a perfect way to start a game day :] 
is uber tired after tonight . 
is feeling sore after last night , but I can't wait until the next game :] 
is going swimming with some friends . 
is huungry . 
got my hours cut for this week . 
needs something to do . 
loves her boyfriend for everything he's done no matter the situation . He's AMAZING ! Anyone he refs against better be nice or I ' ready to fight , lol . 
is ready to skate ! 
is ready for some derby !! 
is really sore from last night , but had an awesome time . 
has had a very boring day . I hope tomorrow is more exciting . 
is glad to have found a job , let alone an awesome one . 
really wants some chicken tacos . 
has a sore hip but had a great weekend . 
needs a new book to read . 
has nifty hair :] 
is ready for the scrimmage tonight ! Hope to see everyone there ! 
has a hurt finger . 
is cold and wet from the pool , but a pretty mcuh awesome day . One event kept it from being completly awesome . 
hurts all over . 
wishes her body wasn't hurting so bad . 
has had a good week . Let's continue it . 
just woke up . Is it Monday yet ? 
is watching anime and eating ramen . 
is going to read some < PROPMALE > P . I'm excited . 
needs to move her stuff still . 
is cold . I need a cuddle puddle . 
< PROPFIRST > Roya is the greatest person ever . Just thought I'd let everyone know :] 
is done with her first day off work . I feel successful now . I got an awesome work out while getting stuff done . Now I'm off to watch some fighting practice :] 
had two great work days and loves her job . Can't wait to open :] 
is tired , but excited about the fact that the store is almost painted ! It's been a lot of work , but it's paying off . I'm so excited ! Everyone needs to get all their stuff together to sell to us starting on September 20th !! 
is on her way ! 
got MVP tonight !! 
is getting her hair did . 
loves her hair . I'll try to get pictures up soon . Thank you for doing an awesome job , < PROPFIRST > Roya 
is about to go to work at Plato's Closet Fort Smith , AR 
is in < PROPFEMALE > ear mode . 
had a crazy night . I think ... 
is having fun . 
is doing some more training today ! Who's excited about Plato's Closet opening next week ?? I am ! I am ! 
is regretting the nap I just took . Now I'm all groggy :/ 
has a great job , an amazing boyfriend , and awesome friends . Life is good . 
hopes to see everyone out at the Red/Black Scrimmage tonight !! 
is getting lots of training done at Plato's Closet Fort Smith , AR . I'm so ready for us to open so we can buy all your stuff !! :D 
can't wait until tomorrow ! Plato's Closet Fort Smith , AR will finally be open to buy your stuff ! So clean out your closets and start bringing it in ! :D 
is drinking some coffee and going to try to get some stuff done around the house finally . Today has been a lazy day . 
is ready for the day ! Plato's Closet Fort Smith , AR is now open ! So go take your gently used clothes and accessories down there . We take guys stuff too ! Let's make the first day a huge success !! 
is up and ready for the long day to come ! Everyone should come see me at Plato's Closet Fort Smith , AR today and bring their gently used clothes ! I'll be there all day ! <3 
had a great day at work . Now it is time to sleep , so I can wake up and do it again :] 
had a great first week Plato's Closet Fort Smith , AR !! We're closed tomorrow , but everyone should continue to bring stuff to us on Monday ! Now it's time to head down to La Huerta's for $1 Jello Shots at Fall Crawl on Garrison Ave . with the River Valley Roller Girls ! I hope to see everyone out there :D 
has finally caught up on some much needed sleep . Now I just need get some stuff done around the house . It has been a lazy Sunday . 
is up and ready to work . Everyone should come see me at Plato's Closet Fort Smith , AR and bring me their old clothes and accessories ! I'll be there all day :D 
is off to lay down and watch a movie and get some sleep . Early day tomorrow at Plato's Closet Fort Smith , AR . I <3 my job . 
We're super slow today Plato's Closet Fort Smith , AR , so bring us your stuff !!! 
is exhausted but still has so much to get done . /sigh 
has a bruised up hip , scraped up arm , and my head hurts . I'm going to be feeling it . I'm glad I have tomorrow off . 
is sitting at the fights waiting on everything to start . 
booooooo . That's all I have to say . 
had a relaxing day yesterday , but is glad to get back into the groove of things . Is it weird that I don't mind Mondays anymore ? 
is about to make some turkey burgers . yum ! :D 
had a good evening yesterday . Played dress up at Beauty's Boutique and then went and picked out what picture I wanted in the River Valley Roller Girls Calander . Now I'm all rested and about to go to work :] 
is wanting something to do tonight . Anything going on ? 
loves sitting on the back porch drinking coffee . It's peaceful . 
just made like $75 at Plato's Closet Fort Smith , AR selling my old clothes ! All you have to do is bring your teen/young adult clothes and accessories folded in a box or bag in and get cash for it ! :] 
You think I'm pretty without any make up on . \ 
You think I'm funny when I tell the punch line wrong . \ 
I know you get me , so I'll let my walls come down . 
had a good day at work . Now it's time for some sleep because tomorrow is going to be busy busy . 
never knew she could hurt this much . 
is needing help with her car . The alternator is bad . Any one good with cars want to help ? 
is now fattened up by chinese food . Life is good . 
Tout est bien que finir bien . 
has a busy day . I work from 9 to 5 at Plato's Closet Fort Smith , AR then I'm headed straight to the rink for Paint the Rink Pink - RVRG vs . St. Chux - LAST HOME BOUT OF THE SEASON 
is done with work . Now it's time for some roller derby :D I hope to see everyone out at < PROPFEMALE > Palace for Paint the Rink Pink - RVRG vs . St. Chux - LAST HOME BOUT OF THE SEASON 
is at work until 2 . You should come see me and bring clothes :] 
is excited about November 11th . Know why ? It our grand opening day !!! 
is going to make an effort to be better for you . 
is a vamp . 
thinks she had a good time last night . From the pictures it looks like I did . :] 
I am ready for this day . Let's make it awesome ! 
Just wondering .. but how's your vash ? 
is out at Lost Beach . You could come see me . 
has an exciting week ahead ! Plato's Closet Fort Smith , AR has it's GRAND OPENING on Thursday and then Saturday I'm heading to Columbia , MO for the CoMo Derby Dames DOUBLE HEADER !! I'm so excited :D 
is sick , and it sucks . Of all weeks to get sick .. 
Well I would say that our soft opening went awesome ! Now it's time to get some sleep for tomorrow's grand opening . I'm excited :D 
Come check out Plato's Closet ! We're now open !! 
can't wait to < PROPFEMALE > with a cute boy tonight :D 
had a good day at work . A cute boy came and brought me Reese's:] 
is getting ready to go to work ! For anyone who went and saw < PROPMALE > Potter this week , we have a special for you ! Bring in your ticket stub and recieve 20% any one item ! 
just finished having my hair bleached . Now to the fun stuff :] 
just got my letter in the mail saying that I have readmitted to UAFS . sweet . Now I just need to go sign up for some classes . 
is eating at Village Inn and the waitress told me people in the kitchen said I looked cool . weird . 
Thanks Bevin Cloninger Green for the AMAZING jeans ! I absolutely love them ! <3 
is watching Kitaro while laying in bed . I <3 this movie . 
doesn't like mean people . Just saying . 
is having a relaxing evening with my Bradly <3 \ 
I'm hoping to finally get some rest on my day off . 
worked on my day off , but I'm ok with that . Things are looking up . 
just bought the most amazing < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > dress . I'm excited . 
is road tripping it up with < PROPFIRST > Roya <3 
does not feel good , but < PROPMALE > is taking care of me <3 
bleh :/ 
is tired . Is it bed time yet ? 
had a lovely time at the Plato's Closet Christmas party :] 
well , no classes tomorrow . 
it only took all day , but my hair looks pretty damn awesome thanks to < PROPFIRST > Roya <3 
is hungry , but is about to have another class then 3 hours of derby . This is after 2 classes and 6 hours of work . Thankfully < PROPMALE > brought me some food at work or I don't know what I would do . This girl needs her food . 
I hate snow . It's so cold and wet . 
Today's going to be a good day . I can feel it :D 
I was correct . Yesterday was a good day . Now to make today even better :D 
won't you take me to .. sleepytown ! 
is hanging with my < PROPMALE > . Playing card games and watching X-Men the animated series . What a great night <3 
is having a blah kind of day . 
still feels as though she is being stabbed , but I think I'll be ok . :] 
