New Years Resolution : be more social .... LOL . 

oh the weekend .. 
has to study because she didn't do crap on the weekend ................ 
didn't do so hot on the govt test ... 
loves the piano on halo .... 
break , then on to HOMEWORK ! JOY ! 
procrastinating :/ 
has numerous quizzes to take ..... 
has to do 6 quizzes that take at least 30 mins each by thursday .. shoot me . 
11 days of summer school left . :D 
3 more to go ... 
2 more left for today . I'm tired and sick of looking at stupid < PROPFIRST > and how they affect each other ... 
YES ! 1 left . I can't wait to finish this mess 
yay ! the poems are done .. now the quizzes of death ... 
has so much to do today .. 
finished quizzes .. :D now on to the review and study . i hate you economics ..... 
< PROPFEMALE > sleep and it's already 5 .. how am I going to get things done 
2 chapters to read and then officially study .. i feel like punching someone .. 
bout to fail an exam ... wish me luck . :/ 
thank you FRIDAY ! 
is melllooooowww . 
Happy Father's Day 
bout to head to Eastfield ... 
stuuudyyiiing 
has quizzes to do .. oh my .. 
slightly tired , but had a good weeeekend .. 
economic quizzes suuckk 7 days left . OH YEA ! 
3 left . Oh so happy , but i need to ace this next test . :( 
needs a hair cut badddd 
1 quiz left and studying ... i have eco .. 
glad she didn't wash her car . :D 
glad she is almost bout to start her summer ... 
finally eased her tennis withdrawal . 
guh . I hate having work to do on weekends .. stupid school 4 days left . :D 
has 2 quizzes left and 5 < PROPFEMALE > paper and review to do ... but only 3 days left . :D 
is writing a paper over something she really doesn't understand , but it's extra credit and she needs it ... 
procrastinating ... but shouldn't oh well . 
studying . 
decided not to do < PROPFIRST > for this last test in eco cuz it doesn't matter really . :D 
be truuue to youuur heart ! you must be true to your heartt ! Haha . 98 Degrees 
was coming in from outside after Nhi and < PROPFIRST > left and walked passed my car and a huge ass bug flew past and scared the crap out of me ... 
crazy weeekend . 
no computer week and off for vacation . :D 
knew this was going to happen but couldn't do anything about it but is pissed 
only few days til I return . :D I miss < PROPFEMALE > . 
my mother is CRAZY .. she looks like a clown now . :/ 
what's the AP Psychology summer crap ? 
headin home ! stop at Korea and HOME SWEET HOME . 
sleeping weird hours ... 
has stuff to dooo but lazy ... 
' s A/C died downstairs ... it's pretty warm in my house ... 
first season of ABDC is always the best ... 
what kinda ABDC season is this ? Vogue Evolution what fruits ... no thanks ... 
has to go to school for calculus and meet the counselor ... oh how i dread it .. 
movie timmme ! 
hate the school counselors . 
losing things and is getting extremely frustrated . :( 
has chem , study bio , calc and psych stuff to do before school ... oh how i hate it . 
sting pong is sooo funnny . 
feels alil more accomplished in summer hw ... 
proooocrrastinating 
pretty much tired of summer stuff but is close to done . :D 
only has 5 chem questions left . YUH ! 
doing homework at cousins house is very distracting ... 
has tons to do but not really stressed ... feels good :D 
has stuff too do 
finally finished the notes .... 
too much to do and too many distractions ... 
writing dc paper . oh how I hate writing papers . 
My weekend consist of homework , homework , and more homework . EFFF that . 
FINISH my paper :D 
should do things in advance so i have less to do later , but sooo lazy . 
just deeply cut her leg from something in her bro's room and hurts like crap . 
too much confusion .... thank goodness it's friday tomorrow 
change of plans .... 
most definitely did not finish bio notes . :/ 
too much too doo . 
how it dooo 
wow , tomorrow's only Thursday ? 
Now I ain't sayin ' she a gold digger ... but she ain't messin ' wit no broke Nigga 
:( 
wants good food .. 
Barrobin ..... :D 
yes .... :D 
>:[ 
Glee makes me happy :D 
likes how satisfying it is to understand something ha . 
FRIDAY ! 
is tired . 
the weather is AMAZING . 
Getta write a paper .. booo ... 
hates how they are making movies out of every book imaginable ... 
Yuuuhhh , < PROPFEMALE > is going to be on Glee . 
very very veryyy HUNGRY ! 
should relax but just can't make herself relax ... 
relax time with Glee ...... 
nap time . 
had a strange weekend ... 
sleep til noon . :D 
feels crappy 
Derm Project ..... almost done 
laundry :/ 
buuusssy . 
\these are my confessions\ " -- stuck in my head .... " 
whhhaaa ? it's only Wednesday ... 
booo chemistry . 
suppose to be chilly tomorrow . :D 
feeling a movie night . :D 
my headphones just survived the washing machine and dryer ... wow . 
should go to sleep but doesn't want to b/c then I have to go to school tomorrow .... 
one week .. 
procrastinating .. i really don't want to do anything this week . 
\Are you questioning my bad a$$ness ? \ " LOL " 
so hungrry . :( 
tomorrow is dedicated to cleaning my house . :/ 
YES ! It's all clean now . :D relaxed with very little homework . 
Yes ! Getta sleep in . 
doesn't want to care ... but it's not my nature to not care .... boo . 
Lol . < PROPFEMALE > is pretty clear out and it's only 7:30 ... 
so glad she kept her old papers , now I don't have to write one for DC Eng ... :D 
gotta love TV 
been a good week , surprisingly . 
la < PROPFIRST > dooo .. 
having a goooood day . 
MOVIE NIGHT ! 
1 down 2 more to go . 
more writing for scholarships ? Why can't I just submit . boo this . 
is debating whether she should half ass this crap or not .... 
getting lazy .. 
ughh ... printers ... 
Why would you give a test on the day before Turkey break .... 
hoping for some fried turkey 
was going to wake up for Black Friday , but decided to sleep . 
officially done with DC english 1301 . :D !!! 
I am such a nerd , not that I didn't know already ... 
I want to be like those freakin ninja assassins that hide in the shadows and pop out of nowhere and cut off your limbs ... :D 
num . pears :D 
Literally LOLed when her brother came home with a perm . 
let's stop talking about the future and worry about the present .... 
Doesn't want to wrap presents , sorry kids . :/ 
sayyy wahhhhttt 
I need to stop running into stuff and no I'm not retarded .... :( 
Super < PROPFIRST > Bros on Wii . :D 
I am ... Sasha Fierce is a goooood CD . I likeee . 
Nuuum . Guacamole dip and chips . :D 
Why is everything on Tuesday ... seriously , we don't do anything on weekends ... 
tik tok tikk tok ... 
is amazed at how similar cameras are to your eyes . 
weather is making me happpy . 
shouldn't take a quiz when she is so freaking sleeeeepy 
Tip #2 : Double tap 
spring is practically here , my allergies are attacking me ... 
screwed .... 
oh you girls scout cookies are < PROPFEMALE > good . 
weather = good . 
wtf ...... 
going to regret what she just turned in ... 
hates it when DVR doesn't record your shows . 
sleep .... 
love feeling accomplished . 
Haha . Thanks everyone that wished me happy birthday :D 
Went to volunteer 3 times this week and didn't get any hours . I think this is a sign ... 
what the hell happened to our spring weather ... 
High school should just end because I don't care anymore ... 
ugh .... I'm so stupid sometimes ... 
Helllll yuh , only 2 weeks of DC Eng left . 
Prom dress --- check ! Research paper --- definitely not done .... 
What a leisurely day . Love it . 
whhhat thhhhhheee heckkkkkkk 
haha , write a paper ? study for chemistry test ? psychology notes ? crazy biology packet ? haha . no . 
freaking tired of a jacked up printer ... just do your job ... is it that hard 
Hate it when my eyes are itchy . :( 
I hope the food's good . 
Finally done with DC English . :D ! 
what the heckkk it's Sunday already ... ughhh school . 
Aww , no Different Strokes reunion :( 
What a hectic , but great day . :D 
Pretty sure orientation is going to drag ...... 
finally back from Orientation !! Yay ! 
It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood .... 
Naps screw up my sleep pattern . :( 
YAY ! :D 
Maybe I should start packing ...... eh 
Oh how I miss you home . :P 
lmfao Hair Battle Spectacular . 
Ughhhhhh exammmsss booooo ! 
Oh how you make me so happy extra credit ! :D 
My bracelet broke . :( I hope that doesn't mean bad things in the future . 
HELLLLLLLL yeah FRIDAY ! 
HOME ! <3 
Damn you allergies ..... 
Why can't I just register for classes today ... being a freshman sucks . 
i wish i was as cool as Dat Huu < PROPFEMALE > !!! =] 
My day just got a hell of a lot better . :) 
Hey , my favorite cousin is < PROPFIRST > Nguyen ;) He's the most awesomest person ! 
What a bland day .... 
Ugh , my voice disappeared . 
Packing to go back to school makes me sad . 
C'mon add/drop period !! 
Helllllll yeah ! 
Ahh . Why didn't I go back with my roommate ?! 
This week sucks . 
Ah , this weather is so nice . 
D: 
I like big butts 
i <3 nuts . 
My armpit smells funny 
Ah , finally home . :) I need to stop leaving my facebook open .... 
< PROPFEMALE > Nguyen is getting some on the Metro bus . :P 
Can't believe I got that done in time ....... 
I feel so much better :) 
Earth day ! 
