UHGGG I'm having such a bad night . I am sooo tired of people being in a bad mood for no good reason except to make others feel bad too . 

Just finished my first few projects of the new year . It is always good to start the year off making money ... :) 
Why is it so easy to get lost researching a story ?? 
What a difficult day this has turned out to be ... 
Happy first day of spring ! Mother Nature decided to gift us with 8 inches of snow , blizzard conditions and still snowing ... 
Going to work on our 15 acres this weekend ... wondering where the heck I'll find wifi for working ... :/ 
I know it's going to be a great day when I feel excited about putting words to paper . Those are the prolific ones ! 
Happy Easter everyone ! Have a relaxing gorgeous day !! 
It's a Monday ... BACK TO WORK ! :)) 
I am In the first ever Demand Studios Writers Academy . How awesome is that ? I am looking forward to learning some great things from some great people ! 
Demand teams with USA Today ... kinda cool !! 
Pulled an all-nighter working to make this weekend happen . Now only 250 < PROPMALE > to drive this morning ... :/ 
Clearing brush and killing poisonous snakes this weekend ... anyone wanna help ??... Hahahaha ! 
2nd Webinar of Writing Academy today ... Excited ! It's been fun so far ... 
Waiting for approval on my case study sheets ... come on editor ... waiting and waiting .... and ... waiting . 
Finished the Table of Contents for the book and am working on case study question sheets ... can I quote you ?? Hahahaha ! 
Can you say STRESS ?? 
My daughter pointed out an interesting fact to me . If pigs , theoretically , ever learn to fly this world is in for some strange happenings . How often do you hear it being said , \When pigs fly ? \ " It's never a good connotation . Here's hoping pigs never fly ... " 
Editing for hours on end actually makes the brain hurt ... :)) 
I have an allergy headache and a private client needs articles like NOW ! Oy Vey ... 
Top that off with a 3 week deadline on my book ... :/ 
Can you say s-t-r-e-s-s ?... hahaha ! 
\Twister\ " is on tonight ... I probably shouldn't watch that living in Oklahoma ... :/ " 
I am seriously unmotivated today . I think there is a direct correlation between lack motivation and my boycott of coffee today . :) 
Happy Mother's Day ! 
Pray for the families of those lost in the tornadoes in Oklahoma today ... 
OK ... enough of the mighty tornado ... how about some sunshine tomorrow ?? 
Getting hail blasted today ... but got paid by my client < PROPFIRST > , AND on a good note , he gave me a bonus !... :)) 
Was helping one of my boys with algebra the last two days . What a blast from the past ! 
OMG ! Go away tornadoes ! That scared the CRA * outta me ! Only an F1 tho .... BREATHE !!!! 
10 thousand words to write on the menu today ... can I do it ?? Nahh .. but I can get about 1/3 of the way ... :P 
Some days are not worth reliving ... like ever !!!!!! 
soooooo tired ..... 
Pulling an all-niter to meet my book deadline ... arggggghhh ... 
I have such an awesome editor for my book !!! 
Missing my hubby ... :( 
FML ... HARDCORE 
Back to work ... 
Finally ... housework is done ... 
I have 4 thousand words to write before I go to bed tonight ... :/ 
Wow ... Gary < PROPMALE > AND < PROPFIRST > Hopper ... RIP guys ... 
Not much better than drinking beer and listening to the band the \Cars\ " ... :)) " 
Almost 15 thousand words of my manuscript done ... my brain is hard boiled ... :/ 
Tornado near Dover ... here we go again ... * rolls eyes * 
Depression is just life without \beer goggles \"" 
Yay ! I made my manuscript deadline ... and I'm too pooped to party ... :/ 
Demand Studios sent me a journal for participating in the first Writer's Academy ... that was thoughtful . < PROPMALE > sent a nice note with it . Finally a nice day for me here ... :) 
Had to rearrange dog kennel . Now they are nice and cool . Boys didn't help as promised ... but over 100 degree temps here equals no time to wait around ... :( 
Editing all weekend . I enjoy it though , so it sure doesn't seem like work . 
Housework is the mortal enemy of a writer ... 
Sometimes days just don't go the way you want them to . I wish I was two and could get away with a tantrum about now ... :)) 
I have to have a productive day today ... 
It's sooooo hot here that everyone is moving to Hades ... It's cooler there ... 
My cat < PROPFIRST > was killed by the pack of coyotes that live out here ... They tried to cross the fence last night and get the dogs . I physically chased them away . What a sad day ... 
Why do the events in life seem like a fixed race ??... Right when I see the finish line that means calm , it gets moved ... 
Fixing to get spanked HARD with storms ... trying to get everything ready to go to the storm shelter ... :( 
We're going on about 14 inches of rain now ... I've officially become a duck ... yep , yep ... 
Kinda seeing double , but have to keep writing . Missing the hubby ... :( 
Wow the storms are over . Only one dead which is amazing considering the amount of rain that came down . Total is over 14 inches here . All the rivers are flooded , but everyone is ok ... 
Sneaking in a few articles while everyone is asleep ... shhhhhhhhhh ! 
Sooooooo tired ... :( 
32 articles to go for my 40 for sunday ... 
... and then I must squeeze in a mere 20K words on my book ... No problem ! 
If I quit eating and sleeping I should make my deadlines just fine ... hahaha ! 
Gotta love HARO ! ( Help a Reporter Out ) 
Yeah ! I have 12 articles researched , outlined and ready to fire away and get this work day done !!!! 
I hit the old wall of \You ain't working this brain no more\ " tonight ... * sigh * ... dragging self to bed ... " 
You know you are sleep deprived when you have to wear sunglasses inside ... ( for reasons other than being cool .. : X ) 
I actually FEEL like working tonight ... what's wrong with me ??... LOL ! 
I miss you Dad , but at least I know when I leave this sorry world you'll be waiting to take me by the hand and teach me new things ... 
Happy Father's Day ! Kick back and relax daddies ! 
Beginning phase 3 of the book ... 20K words , give or take . 3 weeks ... I can do this ! The help from my publisher ... Biggest paycheck ever from DS tomorrow ... My piggy bank has been < PROPFEMALE > for awhile ... suddenly it's oinking happily ... hahaha ! 
I'm gonna celebrate and go visit family this week ... :)) 
100 degrees with 50% + humidity expected . The next three to four days are gonna be rough ... :) 
OK ... whoever keeps turning up the temperature knob ... QUIT !!! LOL ! 
Had enough of this day ... having a cold one ... :)) 
Can't believe Obama fired a dude for disagreeing with his \policy\ " . Is he a Democrat or something a little more red ??? " 
Man up Obama 
20 simple and lovely titles to start the day with ... can devote both today and tomorrow to DS writing fully . Seems more like a day off ... Have a great day everyone ... :) 
Burning the midnight oil ... :/ 
What with reviews at DS ?? Loading and loading articles and < PROPFEMALE > reviewed for two days ... :( 
I don't even care about the free plane tix DS ... I just wanna feed my kids ... LOL ! 
Double digits in queue and < PROPFEMALE > reviewed ... grrrrrr ! 
Tired , but had a good time ... 
Hard to concentrate and get back to work today ... especially with internet in and out with service problems today ... 
They fixed the internet ... woohoo !! Now a writing fest ! 
Wouldn't it be great if there REALLY were energy pills ?? 
Where did the sun go ?? It's lookin ' ugly outside ! 
5000 words a day ... can I do it ?? :)) 
The homes ruined in record flooding in Oklahoma last month get no FEMA aid . Obama says they were not in designated \flood zones\ " so yeah ... oh well . ISN\ " T THAT WHY THEY NEED ASSISTANCE DUMBASS ?? " 
I might have to light the fireworks indoors with all this rain .... J/K !!! There's always NEXT weekend ... :) 
Wow ! Some drunk took out the whole row of mailboxes . Glad i get my mail in town ... hahahahaha ! Gave me and the deputy a laugh knowing how much their car is screwed up ... 
Happy Birthday < PROPFEMALE > ! Have a safe and happy holiday everyone ! 
< PROPFEMALE > is 234 years old ... or 33.43 in dog years ... hahaha ! 
Mud all over the carpet ... grrrrrr .... :/ 
Calling on Tampax ! Get busy making that plug for the BP pipeline ... hahaha ! 
20 articles to write for DS over the next 24 hours . 2 at a time , then other client work an hour between ... I feel so much stress ... :/ 
\How to Shave an Armpit\ " ... yeah grabbed the title ... read it and weep ! 15 minutes tops ... hahaha ! " 
This is definitely one of the worst days I've ever had ... 
Why am I on FB AGAIN !?! I HAVE to quit doing this or I'll NEVER get anything done ... OK ... done chewing myself out now ... :)) 
Knocking out 10 articles tonight ... 
10 more in the morning ... 
Then I's gonna sit by the pool and work on the book ... :) 
Working on 2nd batch of ten ... hell yeah ! 
How do you know the Prez is lying ?? His lips are moving ... :/ 
Heading down to OKC today ... 
Having some difficult days my friends ... be back around when I can be ... 
\They call me .... Tator Salad .. \ " Gawd I love < PROPMALE > White ! " 
That's it ! I'm taking away the remote for the heater ... this heat is CRAZY !!! 
My husband is in the hospital ... going awol from FB for a bit ... He'll be fine ... it just scared me ... 
My husband might be released from the hospital tonight ! I'm so happy ! They gave him 90% odds that he was going into a massive stroke/ coronary and he is defeating the odds ... God is good ... 
ok 
My husband comes home from the hospital in the morning . I sure have missed him ... 
Splitting my day between housework and writing ... editing all day tomorrow . Why does every job seem so difficult when it is this hot ?? 
Cleaned the dog kennel , gave them baths and weeded ... now it is too hot to work outside ... back to editing ... 
I hope everyone has a great day ! 
Gots to do 20 articles today ... 2 done and 4 more ready to type in ... gots to do it !!!! 
$270 more to earn today ... then I can play !!! 
107 degrees ... what the heck ... 
Isn't it sad when nearly every < PROPFEMALE > you bring in goes right back out the door ... 
DMS went public !! $125 million in shares offered ... whoohoo ! Good luck with the venture ! 
Edit-palooza ! 
Oh dear it is just too hot here ... 
I always get so nervous when DMS does my editing audit ... I don't know why ... it turned out well ... so much for worrying .. :) 
Oh my gosh it is raining ! I would run around naked in it , but I don't wanna gross out the neighbors ! 
It would be so nice to get 12 or 14 articles written today so I can do an easy 6 or 8 tomorrow ... :)) 
It is so great to be sitting around an office setting and get called by my hyphenated name . Everyone looks at me as if I am someone important . Gots to get my giggles somehow !!!! 
My goal is 2 articles today ... YEP ... 2 ... So great < PROPFEMALE > creature ... give it your best shot . You'll have to put me in a coma to not get 2 done !!! Hahahahaha ! 
Got to spend a couple of hours with my daughter , her boyfriend and his 9 month old little girl ... she is so beautiful and such a cutie ! 
Early mornings are the only \perfect\ " time of the day . Now to get this working weekend started ... :) " 
Oh I need coffee ... 
My hubby found me a barely used convection oven at a yard sale , paid 8 bucks and I cleaned it up . Cooking a roast in it right now . Smells heavenly and it isn't heating the house up ! Yay !!!! 
Editing tonight ... all-niter ... :)) 
Oh crikey !! I'm falling off the caffeine wagon and making me a big cuppa coffee . I can't keep my eyelids propped open . Forgive my weakness . :)) 
Wouldn't it be great if rainbows glowed and you could see them at night ?? 
Squeezing housework around editing today ... stuffing those dangling participles in the wash machine right now ... hahaha ! 
My eyes absolutely ache from working until 2 am ... I need to get working today , but darn they burn ! Visine , here I come ! 
Ahh ... late nights and hallucinations . Well , someone has to feed the penguins . J/K ... :)) 
My stomach is feeling so poorly ... gonna have to call it a night . I ate eggs today ... :O 
I wish I had something , brilliant , dramatic or substantive to say here , but I don't . AND if you are reading this you should be working anyway ... Naughty ! Naughty ! 
Everyone surviving crunch day ?? 
My son grew taller than me overnight . I'm not even kidding ... :O \ 
How does that happen ?? LOL ! 
Ever try and buy a new hammer in a dress ?? They laugh when I explain that I am a < PROPMALE > Girly-Girl ... :)) 
Ninja < PROPMALE > could kick < PROPMALE>'s butt ! 
The way this week is going I'm gonna have to either release some titles or get some HUGE motivation and time for writing . 
Ever wake up more tired than when you went to bed ?? 
Happy Weekend ! Do lots of fun stuff , but remember ... there's no bail money ! :P 
Sooooo ... DMS crashed ... LOL 
Hey , it's back up ! 
Gotta stay focused and meet my goals today ... 
Have a great monday everyone ! 
Satanists have reserved the OKC Civic Center for the 21st of October . They will be performing the Blasphemy Ritual . I need to take a vacation away from here that week ... 
SWEEEEET ! It's raining ! 
I feel restless and don't wanna work tonight ... * sigh * 
Editing to KLOVE ... :)) 
Gosh I hurt everywhere ... hope I'm not getting sick ... :/ 
Working .. :) 
Strong cold front moving through this afternoon ... I am OUT OF MY MIND with excitement !! 
Haha ! My bird Amadeus says \Good Boy ! \ " and makes a kissy sound ... He's not spoiled ... :)) " 
Nothing like housework when it is a zillion degrees ... :)) 
Yay ! The cold front has arrived !! 
YAY !! My blanket and sheets are dry ! NOTHING better than freshly laundered bedstuffs when it is chilly at night ... I'm easy to please ... :) 
I pulled a tick out of my leg and now It is swelled up like a balloon . I should probably go to the doctor ... :/ 
Wow ... Craigslist self-censored ... I think it is a good thing ... 
Egads ! I hate when tropical systems move in ... it always smells like dead fish ... :/ 
The dead fish have arrived .... LOL ! Helping my son pack ... he is going to < PROPFIRST > to a private academy for school . I will miss him , but he won't have to put up with the abuse this school dishes out . 
This rain is putting me to sleep ... 
I think it is wrong and in bad taste to place a Muslim center near ground zero , but also wrong and in bad taste to burn the Quran . I think they are all retarded . 
9-11 ... always a sad day . My thoughts and prayers to the families . Hope all my FB friends are having a great day ! 
AHHHHH ... I'm tired of stress ! Go away ! 
Researching Carpal Tunnel ... my fingers hurt soooo bad . 
Ever just start crying for no particular reason ?? I'm having a weird day ... :/ 
Gulf coast humidity without the beach ... no fair !!! 
My husband shouldn't even be working in his condition , but he did a bunch of work for a friend ... the friend is backing out of payment . I am so angry right now I am shaking . It makes me wonder why we even try sometimes . 
My heart goes out to < PROPMALE > Jones and his family . He is a little autistic boy that was beaten up at school here in Crescent , it was videotaped and put on YouTube . This town doesn't need to go to hell ... it IS hell ... 
CRESCENT , OKLAHOMA IS THE ABUSER OF AUTISTIC CHILDREN ... DON'T CARE ABOUT YOUR KIDS .... COME LIVE HERE !!!! 
Not only do they \not have it in their budget\ " to teach your autistic child ... it is also wayyy out of bounds to expect the playground to be monitored . " 
... and now DMS goes down ... what more ?? GRRRRR ! 
I'm in the running for two new editing jobs ... yay !!! 
Up early finishing my DMS editing quota ... then on to other stuff ... :) 
Oh I am sooo busy ... please no one be offended if I don't comment right away to your posts ... :( 
Yay ! I get an MRI AND a mammogram ... My husband went to touch me on the back this morning and I yelped and started crying . I don't think he realizes how much pain I am in all the time . I am up and walking now so all is well . 
Spending the morning in < PROPFIRST > , Oklahoma . Didn't sleep well . Have a great day everyone ! 
Why does Wikipedia exist ?? I see people quote it like the Bible ... Oy ve ... 
Tired of working ... need a vacation ... :( 
Black Widow ... the perfectly EEEEVIL little spiders . One less in this world now ... hahaha ! 
I have a HUGE editing test to tackle today . If I pass this , it will be my first venture into the world of script editing for movies ! I'm excited , but kind of nervous . 
Please don't try and make me feel bad because I'm a carnivore ... I eat meat ... I mean , I do make sure it's dead first , geesh . What do you want from me ??... :)) 
The whole LS Health disappearance doesn't surprise me . I wouldn't be surprised if DMS completely distanced themselves from < PROPMALE > Armstrong soon . Steroid use is NOT great for publicity . 
Fixing to get hit with a storm ... that's what I get for not checking the weather ... 
Getting ready to start a routine of taking every other weekend off . This \all the time working\ " is grinding me down and I think I am actually accomplishing less . " 
The weather is soooo beautiful here today .... I hope it is great where you are ... have a productive day ! 
Uhg ! I'm sweating for no good reason and have no energy ... I KNOW I've got the creeping crud now ... :/ 
Holy cow I gots some awesome titles !! 
Writing articles about removing stains from concrete and repairing scratches on various countertop materials ... heavenly ... :) 
Someone needs to smack me ! I need to be working and I'm just doodling with a pen ... :/ 
Oktober is such a cool month ... it has my birthday in it and everything !... :)) 
Packing for a weekend away ... I NEED this weekend ... 
I guess I passed the Keyword QA test ... I took it friday night and have permissions today ... LOL ! Now which to do ... write , edit titles or Keywords ?? 
Sure had a nice weekend , but the drive was long and it got a little brrrrrr !... :)) 
Going back to school in January ! Made the big decision . I have to take a couple of classes to change the < PROPMALE > on my Bachelor's ... then I'm getting the Masters ... finally !!! 
I MUST work ... Might have to make myself go stand in the corner ... 
Someone poke me with a stick ... I gots the flu and think I'm dead ... 
Influenza has completely kicked my butt tonight . I'm off to bed . Have a great nite everyone ... 
Yay ! I'm up and moving . Dayquil is a wonderful thing ! I'm working on a reduced schedule , but gotta get some work done . 
I'm feeling about 75% better thanks to good rest , lots of fluids and vitamin C ... 
It's amazing how much dishes and laundry pile up when I was only sick for two days ... hrrrmmmmmmm ... :/ 
One , two , three GO !... Ready , set , GO !... Abracadabra !!... Alacazam !!... Dang it ! My magic markers are broken ... they aren't writing my articles at all !! 
I need to stay out of political/religious debate . I'm a Libra for goodness sakes ! 
OK ... here is my online review of 5-Hour Energy ... HUGEST waste of money I've made in a looooong time ! Drank that magic potion over an hour ago and I'm STILL stumbling over stuff ! My hubby ran to get me a big cuppa coffee ... so I can wake up for realz ... :)) 
Yay ! Brand new local client ... heading down to OKC for a 3pm contract signing and down payment collection for the project ! 
Oh these stupid Facebook tests are making me laff so hard my sides hurt ! 
So far I've learned that I am a three year old that is fixing to have a new baby AND blow up and die ... 
AND ... I'm haunted by a ghost with a grudge ... have a nice frickin day too Facebook !... Hey , is that < PROPFEMALE > corn ?? 
Gotta be up early ... nite , nite FB'ers! 
It was a good day business-wise . It was a terrible day personally ... a 28 year old man crashed his Jeep by my house last night . He was tossed out in front of the vehicle and was struck and killed ... very sobering ... pray for his family ... 
My husband went with me to my contract signing and meeting yesterday . I think he has a whole new respect for the work I do ... He said it was all so \professional . \ " :)) " 
My brain is gonna blow up ... working on the specialized contracts needed by my private client . Glad he is paying well as this job is a little more intricate than I thought it might be ... :/ 
Ever had a car lot ADD payments on to you because OTHERS are not making their payments ... yeah ... uh-huh ... wowsers . AM I PISSED !!!! 
Barring the whole car thing , it has been an ok day . Lost privileges for Keyword ... they said I did a great job , but that they are caught up ... oh well ... 
So ... I go down to see my son in < PROPFIRST > this morning ... guess what hits ?? A 4.5 earthquake ! Shake , rattle and roll ... hahaha ! 
Probably heading down to Blanchard to buy my little arabian colt tomorrow ... I'm so excited !!... :) 
Waiting to hear on the Gully QH filly ... :) 
Yay ! The QH filly is still available ! Guess it is horsey buying day tomorrow ... :) 
Missing my dad . 2 years ago today .... 
I didn't get to go see horses yesterday , but that is ok . The lady with the arabian was called to participate in a rodeo this weekend and won't be back until tuesday . My mom needed me more yesterday anyway ... 
Wow ... I can't quit crying ... A lady called me from Stillwater , Oklahoma . She saved two paint fillies from a home that was starving them to death . They were only able to save one . She wants me to come pick up the other if I want her . It makes me cry so much knowing what this horse has been through . ... :( 
I have written 15 original legal contracts for my new client today . He has put me on retainer ... LOL ! 
We're moving one of the big buildings down to the property today . I'm the escort ... kind of scared about the whole thing . :/ 
Good God ya'll ... STILL gotta take the building down in the morning . Spent all day getting the building ready . Will post pics when I can . Picking up 4 horses wednesday ... will post those too . Each one has a special story ... 
Back at midnight .... I am so darned tired ! The trip went well , just very long and exhausting . I think I see why movers charge about 3 grand a building . We saved a but t-t on of money ! 
I'll post pics of my \doll house\ " tomorrow ... you'll know what I mean when you see it ... hahaha ! " 
Well my horse round-up adventure is put off til sunday . One lady can't be there tomorrow and my hubby is still out of town ... torrential rains hitting tomorrow night .... so , sunday it is ! I am soooo excited ! I get to meet < PROPFEMALE>'s western roping gelding ! He sounds super cool ! 
That is what I've spent the last three days doing . We already had the other half folded , so this was finish up and fly down the road time . It is now sitting on our 15 acres ... :) 
You KNOW it's gonna be a good day when you call to pay insurance and they tell you it isn't due until NEXT month ... :)) 
Trying to pay bills twice is probably a sign I need more sleep ... 
I may have to drive to Tulsa tonight with bad storms moving in ... UUUUHHHHHHGGGGG !!! 
Preparing the canoe to go outside ... :)) 
Rain , rain go away ... come again ... well , just stay away k ?? LOLOLOL ! 
Officially NOT writing for Home & Garden anymore . My scores are tanking with NO rewrites and very little changes . Screw dat noiz ... 
Yay ! Hubby is almost home ... I miss him ... :( 
Oh Golly I'm sore ... working on fencing ... I see a bubble bath in my future .... :)) 
Good morning everyone ! Today is horse day . Got camera ready and is sooo excited ! Get to meet the new family members soon ! Have a wonderful day ! 
All 4 horses safe and sound in the pasture . Pictures to come tomorrow . Too tired tonight . Gorgeous horses ... really , truly gorgeous . 
Tomorrow they all get baths and I have to get cockle burrs out of Nite's mane and tail . < PROPFEMALE > needs some weight on in a bad way . They are in pretty good shape though . Pokey follows me around like a puppy dog ! 
I'm soooo glad < PROPFEMALE > is here now . The lady was whipping her to try and get her in the trailer . She HATES trailers . We made her put the whip up and but roped her ( stretched a rope behind her hiney ) and pulled her in the trailer . The lady has no clue how to handle horses without being mean . They are gonna take some work for sure . Probably why she is starved . 
Had the Doc out to look at the horses . He says they are fine , just need some weight on two of them . The one is 100 pounds under , the other is about 200+ pounds under weight . Short pasture and good food will bring them up in no time .... :) 
I need to write !!!! 
Oops ... Doc didn't catch something . I looked at < PROPFEMALE>'s hooves and her rear left one is cracked . Started favoring it . Now the fun part is how to get it taken care of when she hates trailers right now . Gonna give her Bute and soak it in epsom salt and call the farrier . That woman needs a beating for injuring her the way she did ... grrrrrrr ! 
Been sick for 2 days now ... going to bed to drown out the noise ... uhhhgggg ... 
Yay ! My son comes home tomorrow ... :) 
OMG all these years watching Sponge < PROPMALE > I NEVER thought twice about the fact that Mr. \ 
Krabs lives in Bikini Bottom ! 
Three days working on the property . Glad to be sleeping in my own bed tonight ! 
Ohhhhhh I'm ticked off ! Check my emails and Demand took away my titling privileges . I haven't \edited\ " in awhile so they give my place to someone else ! Doesn't seem to matter that THEY didn't have titles to edit eh ?? Morons ... " 
I know why they call the phone company here Pioneer . That is about how old the equipment is they use ... 
Hubby went to pick up the bermuda hay ... 5 bucks per 70 pound square bale , 15 bales ... heck of a deal ! 
9 bucks a bag for sweet grain today ! Got a zillion bags ... I think the man upstairs wuvs me today ! 
I just ate a toasted marshmallow ... it was un-freaking believably yummy ! 
I did my civic duty and voted , but can I be honest here ? My vote didn't matter because they are all crooks . I wish people would get on with life because politics makes me puke ! 
Hope everyone is having a lovely day ! It was such a gorgeous day here ... a little < PROPFEMALE > , but soooo beautiful ! 
Hey my internet signal is better ... the covered wagons here are moving the signal faster ... :O 
A whole day off from writing and spent it taking care of the horses . Had a great time , but am I ever sore ! 
A friends younger brother was killed in an accident in Edmond ... heading to Guthrie to make sure my friend is ok ... 
I hate sad stuff ... 
Started editing titles again tonight and guess what ?? OUT of titles again ! LMFAO ! 
Darn near lost one of the horses today and the vet is a FIRED dumbass .... 
Brewing a pot of coffee ... gonna be a work all-niter ... :/ 
Have to work ... have to ... work .... have ... to ... work ... have ... to .... zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz 
Looking for a good pork loin recipe ... 
Dinner smells yummy ! Almost done ... thanks for the idea < PROPFEMALE >...;) 
Hey all you guys and gals ! Hope you are having a great day ! DMS had me take the Title QA test . I was approved in like 15 minutes ... hahaha ! Gonna go see how it is . It seems easy enough on the test ... 
Crap I'm sick ... fever and sore throat ... grrrrr ! 
Put being sick out of my mind and just had to get stuff done today . Cleaned the horse < PROPFEMALE > , stalls ... finishing an additional enclosure for the bad weather . Boy did it rain last night ! Dinner is in the oven , already had my shower and feel sleepy . Someone smack me so I can do the work that PAYS now ... hahaha ! 
Here's to all the veterans and those currently serving in the Armed Forces ... Love ya guys and gals ! 
It is raining and very ugly outside today ... :/ 
One would think the horses would go in the enclosure ... nope ... :)) 
May have a buyer for the cabin cruiser ... yay ! I hate to sell it , but it is costing us a fortune to move . 
It quit raining , but it is CHILLY outside ! 
Making homemade tomato and rice soup tonight ... YUMM ! 
I'm gonna live 2011 as if the next year is 2012 ... oh wait , it will be ... :P 
Little < PROPFEMALE > got a bath .... and didn't like it ... LOL ! 
I'm feeling a LOT better today . Got the shopping done and am making beef stroganoff for dinner . Now I'm gonna work non-stop on titling until the 2am cutoff ... :)) 
THIS is the time you wish you didn't have a farm ... it is cold , raining and you feel like you have pneumonia ... at least the work is done ... :) 
There are so many titles to edit today ! Having a great time . Hope everyone is having an awesome day ! 
I witnessed the neighbors son stab the little possum I've been feeding numerous times . They then tossed what was left of him against the side of my house . I want to move away from these psycho freaks like NOW !!!!!! I buried the little guy , the bastards . 
Having a hard time getting started . This cold has really knocked me for a loop . 
It was funny to watch the horses dancing around when the hay guy made his delivery ... :)) 
Been trying to work and pour over various blueprints for the house . I think we have settled on 4 bedrooms , 4 baths , office , formal living room , family room , weight room and hey ... we have a tiki bar !!! LMAO !! 
Worked until 2am ... now I have NO energy today ... :/ 
OMG ! I have nothing to say , except : It is too far to drive to Dodge City , Kansas and play \sheriff\ " yet it is too boring to drive to the Quick-E-Mart ... What's a girl to do ??? " 
Getting ready to take my son out for his birthday dinner . 17 today ... geesh where does time go ?? 
<<< Titling and bored out of my mind !!!! 
Doing a Title Editing marathon ... wonders if the brain matter spatter will match the drapes ?? LMFAO ! 
I Want a Tassimo Brewbot ... rewire him to dance ... :)) 
Hey you writers ... Better get to crackin'! DMS is ramping up title volume HUGELY ... Big quotas translates to lots of titles coming your way soon ! 
I'm on strike with my writing though ... LOL !!! 
The bad thing to editing all night is it is hard to see straight ... :)) 
I think I have figured out a way to get the boys off the couch on the weekends ... gonna toss the sucker outside !!!! 
Sorry ya'll ... I gotta vent for a second . The little convenient store I frequent nearly every morning got broke into overnight . Glass everywhere from the side door . The ATM is completely busted . They took the money from the ATM and stole a bunch of cartons of cigarettes . 
The new owner is such a nice man and he strives to keep prices down . I worked ALL night in an attempt to EARN a paycheck for my family . People that would do this are lower than a turd on my work boots ... 
It's lovely livin ' in Crackhead , Oklahoma ... 
Thinking of entering the Pillsbury Bakeoff next year ... :)) 
Tick , tick , tick ... 32 minutes left of my 5 - Hour energy drink ... LOL ! 
This is just an upsetting day all around ... Bah humbug ! 
I edited 1370 titles yesterday . My eyes want to stab me ... :)) 
I just PROVED that I am a stupid person . One of my clients called me and said he has been waiting for a couple of weeks for my invoice ... \Don't you want to get paid ? \ " * facepalm * " 
Miss Tallie the horse has milk in the sac now ... probably gonna be a foal born in the next 3 weeks ... yay !!! 
The nicest pay I've received from DMS in awhile .... not the most ever , but nice ... Hope you all are having a good day ! 
The cold has arrived ... anyone want it ?? I'm through with it for reelz ... 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone ... :) 
Not feeling well , so staying home for Thanksgiving ... 
I stepped outside and could see my breath ... what the heck ?!? This shouldn't happen down south ... :/ 
The sun is out ... the wind has stopped ... what a beautiful day ! 
Have a 500 dollar goal for tuesday pay ... already have some of it made ... can I make it ?? Sure gonna give it a go ! 
Something I am having to think on today : Hubby's nephew and his wife rescued a kitten . It is barely weaned . It suffered a horrible injury to it's front paws before they got it . They are deformed beyond belief . She suffers no pain as they are healed and gets around just fine . 
He is a truck driver and they are on the road nearly all the time . They want me to take her and give her a permanent home . I can't until my friend takes the other kitten off my hands . She would play too rough with the new < PROPFEMALE > . The question to myself : What are you thinking ?! 
I've been working hard at burning the fat off my body . I've lost 25% of my initial body weight and three inches off my waist . The bad thing is I feel soooo tired all of the time . I hope that tired feeling goes away . 
Playing \Let's < PROPMALE > down clients for payment\ " game ... and the next contestant is .... " 
I am in an annoying mood today . I simply want to annoy someone . Where are the kids when I need them ??? LMAO ! 
Biting the bullet and writing articles again ... AFTER I read the guidelines again as they have been tweaked a couple or three times since I last submitted ... :P 
Headache , headache go away ! 
Made my first pot of deer chili for the season . Turned out pretty yummy ! 
Hey , I actually collected two client payments now ... oh noes ... the sky is falling !!! 
This DMS crap has given me a migraine ... gonna lie down for awhile . 
Now that everyone else has what they need ... I'll make me some coffee ... :P 
Had to make some hard line business decisions today . My writing for DMS is going on permanent hiatus . The time spent making perfection = to pay received has gotten silly . I don't work this cheap for anyone . I am happy with my private clients and will return to my level five writing for Textbroker and work with my London broker selling my work overseas . There ... I feel better ! Have a productive day everyone ! 
Yay ! A good friend of mine just scored a great job today . She has been looking for awhile ... this is a great day ! 
Is it bad that I just watched \Get Him to the Greek\ " and I now feel 100 points lighter on IQ ... What a dumbass movie ... sorry ... " 
My Aunt < PROPFEMALE > is in the hospital and not expected to survive . This is heartbreaking . She was married to my favorite uncle until his death in 1996 of pancreatic cancer . I have such fond memories of their calm , loving nature . I hope she goes peacefully ... I know my uncle is waiting for her ... 
I HAVE to get this < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > ad done and I just don't feel like working now ... poo 
Anyone else pulling an all niter ? I got the ad done , but still have a ton of legal documents to finish for my student recruiter client . I don't normally do legal docs , but he pays so darn good for them . Maybe a nice hot cup of tea will help relax me . 
Geesh ... you mention to ONE person in town that things are kinda tight until payday and I need to get the horses some hay ... then get home and see stacks and stacks sitting there as if by magic ... makes ya love people ... :) Thank you mysterious helper with the hay ... 
Must Title ... MUST ... 
Done with my Demand Quota , but still kinda miffed . Was gonna knock it all out last night until the system crashed . Oh well , now to finish private client work so MAYBE I can squeeze in some personal work . My darling hubby cleaned house today . I is sooo spoiled ! 
Stepson went out and got drunk last night and DROVE home . I am beyond livid . He has to go out tomorrow and find his own source of auto insurance . Done , done and really done !!!!! 
... has been handed a ton of work from different sources . This means that my income this week is ( mostly ) limited by my motivation to get it done ! 
Really ?? A lady THANKING the fact that she makes 5 an hour from DS writing . Geesh ... my family would starve to freaking death if I settled for tripe like that . Have a little self pride peeps ! 
Not bad mouthing DS ... Just sayin ' ... if you can't at LEAST write one article an hour , it isn't worth the time ... :)) 
My throat is swollen again . Guess I am cursed with illness for the winter ... heading to bed .... * groan * 
Good morning world ! I feel like crap , BUT I am up and moving . 
< PROPFEMALE > on for the surprise ... yet ANOTHER kitten dropped off out here . I don't have a pic of her yet . A cream colored tabby . Probably in the neighborhood of 3 months old . Filthy ... she needs a bath and has a runny eye . Gonna get off here and get her taken care of . I call her Monet ... :) 
Feeling a little woozy today , but up and working . Think it is the blasted flu . 
I've had three people come up and ask me if I am selling the baby horses when they are born . I'd like to wait and train them up and break them to saddle first . 
Still have a pnuemonia-type cough , but feeling much better . Hoping it will be an uber-productive night . Sitting out in the sunshine today broke the fever . Glorious , sweet sunshine ! 
Lost every bit of my work last night . Could have been in bed sleeping instead ... :/ 
That North wind has a bite to it this morning ... 
Coughing up blood now ... yeah , it's pneumonia . Gotta hit that DMS quota though ... :/ 
Made my titling quota even with this horrid case of pneumonia ... now gonna drag my tired butt to bed ... nite , nite ! 
... Just wants to wrap up in a warm blanket and sleep ... but has to do laundry and other assorted chores ... :/ 
OHHHHHH ... the smell of april fresh towels ... * drools * 
Made Mexican Sloppy < PROPFIRST > for dinner ... think I saw them licking their plates after ... hahahaha ! 
Not having a good day ... 
Titling glitch all night . Why is it that DS goes down bad the two weeks before Xmas always ?? I need to hit my private clients up if we are to have any kind of Christmas ... grrrrrr .... 
I give up Lord and put it all in your hands . I don't think I can handle one more bad thing right now ... 
The snow we were supposed to get stayed up north ... I'm sooo glad for that . It is in the upper 50's and a really nice day . 
Pay is in ! 
Took my baby doll horse for a walk a few minutes ago . Yes in the dark ! It is her treat after I clean the wound . She loves to be close to me . I hope she heals quickly . I love her so ... 
7,261 more titles to edit ... where is my coffee ???? 
* sigh * have to pull an all-niter actually \writing\ " for DS as the titling is all glitched up again .... " 
Back to the drawing board on the house . It is ending up wayy bigger than I first thought . 6 bedroom , 5 bathroom . 2450 sq . ft . of delicious elbow room ! 
My horse Pocahontas is healing nicely ! I'm so happy .... she was running and having fun today while I was cleaning the corral ... :) 
I forgot it was payday ... I should go and like buy some M & M's or something ... :)) 
But to the idiots of the world that want to spout off what MY legal obligations are ... get your facts straight first and THEN bite me ... 
Just got back from Oklahoma City after going down to purchase a Gateway Laptop for 40 dollars ... yep ... I said it ... 40 bucks . Always , but always check out Craigslist . I find some amazing deals ! Now I can give my other laptop to my babygirl for Xmas . 
My best friend < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > passed away . Still trying to find out what happened . This is devastating . Not gonna be here for a bit ... Let the ones you love know that you love them ... 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone . 
Happy Birthday Jesus ! 
Finally got to speak to the owner of the Arabian Ranch that gave me the Arabian horses . She had given me these three to retire them from breeding . They had been placed with a horse rescue near Guthrie , Oklahoma . All came tome in foal . They were impregnated at the rescue . This woman is MAD ! She might want to reconsider placing any other horses with that \rescue . \"" 
HAHAHAHA ! The lady with the horse rescue just sent me an email demanding the foals after the birth . Um , no ... not happening lady . 
All of the Arabian mares were bred to a 50K Arabian stud named Khody . They are fit to be tied now as they never got them vet checked for pregnancy . The owner of the Arabian ranch is fine with it and is laughing . She says she will make this lady give up papers for the foals . The bloodline is too good to let go . She wants to purchase any fillies ... ummm ... no . Not for sale . 
Dear Whomever is in control of the sinus realm ... \ 
Enough already ! Do you not have pity on me that I have sneezed 10 , 315 times ? I have emptied 16 boxes of Kleenex and 8 bottles of NyQuil . I've used lozenges , throat spray and yet you still scrape my throat raw every morning . I've considered seeing if the doctor can tie my lungs into place with the wracking cough . I cough for twenty minutes and expel ... nothing . 
Kind of amazing . trying to sell off the things we don't need to move . Advertised a nice < PROPFEMALE > plate flatbed for a dually truck that we have collecting dust . A rancher of Weaver Longhorn cattle has offered a 6K pedigreed Weaver who is bred to an award winning champion bloodline bull . Guess we are getting into cattle ... LMAO ! 
My friends funeral is at 1pm tomorrow at the Christian Church in Guthrie . 
The funeral was nice , but it still feels like my guts have been pulled up through my heart ... 
Hahaha ! Latest on the pregnant horse debate . She claims that Nite was never exposed to a male so I need a new vet . I guess she must have have swallowed a watermelon seed . 
Everyone stay safe tonight ... I'm personally glad to see 2010 fade into oblivion . 
YAY ! They cancelled ALL snow storm advisories for the forseeable future here ! Hot diggety dog ! 
Wishing all my friends an amazing new year . I hope that everything you touch turns to gold ... that your needs are provided for with ease . Be safe and have fun tonight ! 
Making pumpkin bread ... wow the house smells good ! 
Pay it Forward 2011 : I promise to send something handmade/homemade to the first 5 people who leave a comment here . You must in turn post this and send something you make to the first 5 people who comment on your status . The rules are that it must be handmade/homdemade by you and sent to your 5 people sometime in 2011 . 
Guy coming over to look at the house tonight . Think he's gonna buy it , then we are moving on to the new one ! Yay ! 
... Wonders why DS can't fix the glitch in titling ?? 
It appears we have sold the house . I am so excited ! 
I forgot how much I enjoy homeschooling ... 
Tired of not being able to do any work at Demand . Wish they'd fix the damm site . 
Getting slapped with an ugly winter storm this weekend and all of next week . Knew the good weather was too good to be true .. 
So glad I have AAA tonight . My car broke down on my baby girl . Battery I think . She called laughing asking if the AAA was still usable . Just like her mamma ... tries to see humor in all of life's unplanned events ... :)) 
Not fun to send a kid to their room because they think they can sass with no repercussion . 
YAY ! I get to spend the day with my daughter tomorrow and see my family in Lawton ! 
If you hear the sound of weeping in the general direction of Oklahoma on sunday .... then you know the snowstorm has arrived . I shall be crying . ;) 
I fell about 15 feet backwards off of a ladder today . My shoulder is a little sore and I hurt one of my fingers slightly , but the free fall experience was oddly fun ... :)) 
What is the dumbest argument you've had with anyone in the last week ? I still think the top one for me was arguing with an official that I HAD to get my last name changed to my husbands . Bahahaha ! WHAT century is it again ??? 
Figures ... my back and neck are smarting from my fall yesterday . Finding it hard to get much done . 
Did any of you know that Textbroker is hiring editors now ? I was invited to take a \test\ " as a \ " proofreader\ " for them . Weird . " 
Are you reading another one of my status updates ?... get to work you slacker ! LOL ! 
It is snowing ... ick . 
... still snowing . This is so annoying . 
I wondered why the heck DS sent me extra money ... forgot about Revshare ... derka , derka ! 
Quit breathing on me you Canadians ! Minus 10 windchill ... geesh ! 
What a loooong cold night . Sun is out and it is beautiful ( to look at ) out , but still hella cold . Supposed to be back in the 50's by friday ... YAY !! 
I'm seeing double from title editing and still have a looooong day ahead of me with it . 
I had to dig ice out of the horse trough ... now when I say ice ... I'm talking chunks about a cubic meter big . My arms are sore ! 
Supposed to hit the 40's tomorrow . I hope so . The phones have been down with the ice and the internet sporadic . Great way to get money made for hubbies birthday on friday ... :/ 
OMG !! I'm sooo excited . I got to feel the foal move in < PROPFEMALE > for the first time ! It made me cry ... I'm a sap I guess ... :) 
Spent the whole day outside with my fur babies ... had a blast ! 
I'm gonna be a grandma ! I'm gonna be a grandma ! I'm gonna be a grandma ! YES !!! 
Last two additions to the horse family here . 1 year old paint filly , very people shy . Kept in a pasture and ignored . 8 month calico tobiano paint colt . The former owners didn't know he had been born . They come next week , will take pics ... :) 
My fellow writers ... I get sent gig tips and leads that i don't always qualify for . Feel free to contact me with your favorite types/subjects of writing and I will happily pass along any appropriate leads as I receive them . Sometimes it is a lot , sometimes not ... but I would rather give you all a shot than have the lead go to waste ... Have a great day ! 
You know , with the way the country is going I'm getting scared . Limits to free speech , mandated worthless health care , economy that is gradually sliding into the pits of hell , both parents HAVE to work and leave children unattended , parents killing kids , co-workers and themselves ... where is the silver lining ??? 
The infrastructure is crumbling , pollution , constant earthquakes ( 3-4 per week here ) , crack is the new alcoholism , more than half of the nation on food stamps . This country is in a LOT of trouble ... 
My paint horse Pokey is looking for a job . She followed me around all day ... when I dropped my pooper scooper , she picked it up and waited for me to get it from her . She backed up to the small cart as if I was gonna hook her up and have her pull it . Seems she has done that before . 
OMG ... just talked to the maker of a new reality show to be out of Tulsa . Might have landed a writing/editing role with it . He had me laughing so hard ! I hope I get it , but hey , ya < PROPFEMALE > know I guess ... 
Writing lead for everyone ... ecopywriters.com . My lovely Canadian writer friends are able to sign up as well . 
BROTHER WEEK ? If you have a brother who has made you laugh , punched you , stuck up for you , drove you crazy , hugged you , saw you succeed , watched you fail , picked you back up , cheered you on , made you strong & is someone you can't live without copy & paste this as your status 
Ate at McDonald's ... big mistake . Violently throwing up since ... 
You KNOW you live around Rednecks when ... you go up to the local eatery for morning coffee and can't help noticing the trail of blood flowing from the back of a flatbed . On closer inspection it is a pair of bobcats that the man is PROUD to tell you how he shot them and had to come get some grub ... umm ... yeah ... ok . 
Midnight is the perfect time to bake gingerbread cookies ... :) 
The great thing about food poisoning ? I've easily lost 20 pounds and it looks like I'll keep losing weight ... Thanks Micky D's! 
I have to stay focused and try to make some < PROPMALE > title editing money ... ( as it the quickest paying gig ) . Had an emergency expense which took half of the gas < PROPMALE > money . I'm so proud though ... I have paid all the other < PROPMALE > s , bought animals feed , hay , groceries and even lent the necessary money to hubby to take his son up to see his mom in Tulsa . 
It's been hard pulling myself out depression since my friend died . You all have helped too with your banter with me on here . I've actually been smiling again ... Thank you ! 
My grandbaby is due September 9th ! 
The weather is bipolar here ... 25 today , 51 tomorrow ... 
Wow ! My \Dream Kitchen\ " is coming together ... a lady on Craigslist last night gave me a 2 year old double oven wall unit and a mountable microwave . They were such nice people too ! " 
Sometimes life bites . Attorney says I HAVE to turn the car over to the dealership , pay the extorted amounts added , or go to jail for grand theft auto . How is it that there are laws to protect the consumer in this country ?? 
I can take it to court and dispute the added amounts AFTER , but they get the car ... 
I'm gonna buy me a Vespa ... hahaha ! 
OMG you all are going to LOVE this ... I know I do . The bully car dude has been FIRED !!! 
Ican resume payments next month ... no penalty ... will refi it for me at a lesser rate AND fix the problem for free ! 
FINALLY someone there listened to me and investigated him ... 
Wonder if he needs help cleaning out his desk ??? 
Working on a book proposal . Can't say what it is yet .... ssssshhhhhhh ! 
Health Department dude checked on us today . Told him I'm ok , but my stomach balls up and hurts whenever I eat . He says it will be about 30 days before I feel normal ... yay , fun , woohoo . He also says I can give it to others ... :/ 
Sure wish DS would pay already . Been on \sit n ' spin\ " processing for hours now ... " 
Gotta go pick up a 15 foot open stock trailer near the Kansas border this evening . I don't wanna move cattle in a horse trailer and this dude is willing to trade us the stock trailer for an extra generator we have . 
The bottle baby calves will be ready to move soon ... :) 
Blindsided by a migraine ... :/ 
Trying to get motivated to write for DS , but am sooo distracted but other things that are more interesting ... like picking my nose and scratching my ass .... :/ 
OK ... I admit I'm drooling over the LARGE cache of titles I found at DS on road paving/construction and concrete repair/leveling ... I can crank this crap out like no other ... :P ( I know ... I'm a weirdo ) 
UGH ! I got a not-so-nice audit for my titling due to the keyboard glitch I had awhile back . At least he just offered info to help and didn't put my on probationary or anything . I'm very particular about doing the job right and think he knows that . Still makes me feel lousy ... 
I'm going to share with everyone what my big worry is here . One of the horses , Talli , is carrying twins . She was too far along to have one \pinched\ " so she has to go all the way with them . There is only a 1 in 10000 odd that all will survive . I could lose Talli and both babies . All I do is worry anymore ... " 
Real weather report ... Colder air moving through saturday & sunday , maybe monday & tuesday . < PROPMALE > of rain , sleet , freezing rain , snow , or none of the above . Check updated information to know what to expect . - That form the National Weather Service in < PROPFIRST > . Whatever they get paid is wayyyy too much . Dude , just say step outside and look cause we too dumb to know . 
I just noticed the lymph glands on the right front side of my neck are hugely swollen thanks to the ecoli ... 
Blizzard moving in tomorrow and tuesday ... * sigh * No writing for me today ... 
I'm building a barn tomorrow ... yep ... in one day ! I need Talli to have her own digs with the storm moving in ... 
Oh God ... I went to Guthrie today and guess what the hot topic on convo was ?? All the people that got sick with ecoli from McDonald's ... LMAO ! Gathering names ... Looks like it will be a big story soon ... 
Fish sticks for lunch and back at it ... cedar posts and aluminum barn sheeting makes for a quick barn ... LOL ! 
Stay home , warm and safe my family and friends ! 
I can hear the wind roaring .... 
Okay ... practical joke is over .... over a foot of snow is MORE than enough ... 
10 whole degrees outside . Had to walk to a neighbors and < PROPFEMALE > her some cigarettes . She didn't have money to buy any before the storm . I wish she would have said something before hand ... 
* sigh * Cold and tired from running water out to the horses . Gonna get a tank heater . They are worth it though . 
52 thoroughbred horses need homes-will go to Sugarcreek this Saturday for slaughter . Gentleman died , his son wants nothing to do with them . Most broodmares are broke and some are in foal , weanling , yearlings , 2 yrs and 3 yrs old most are gelded . FREE and papered . Friend of the deceased is trying to find homes440-463-4288or440-463-4288 Barnesville , OH . \ 
Please spread the word 
I have a telephone interview in the morning for a new client out of Vancouver , BC . Writing \Best of\ " blogs and articles in my field of expertise . Kinda cool and easy it seems . Wish me luck ! " 
The school bus got stuck taking the kids to school today ... what a joy , joy . 
I have to rush my other book project along . I'm not too happy with the profit split being offered , but I suppose it isn't too bad ... 
My interview was moved to 5:30 pm tomorrow central time . This makes me even more nervous than I was before . He sent a formal invitation and everything . it has been so long since I had a \job\ " job in the corporate world . " 
The more I research this Canadian company , the more excited I get . I think it will be the perfect job for me ... 
I will finally have weekends off again ! 2 articles a day , 5 days a week ... woohoo ! 
Gathering all of my blog links ... I'm sooooo nervous ! 
Snowing again ... WTH ?? 
I got the job .... please excuse me while I go throw up from nerves !!!! 
I've never heard of a pay model like this either . I'm actually going to be drawing a salary off of future rev share my articles make . It sounds dangerous to do until you realize how much ad money these companies make off of your writing . All articles I write I have to \manage\ " and make sure all information is up to date ( in case of product recalls and such ) . " 
He says it should only be about 6 months of steady writing for them and my salary will increase as it will no longer be a draw , but what my share of the revenues truly are . 
Ever have a friend that only wants to talk to you when they want money ??? 
OMG ! I seriously have a \friend\ " that wants paid back 10 dollars from like 2 years ago ... understand she bilked my business account for over 5 GRAND three years ago and is lucky to not be in jail . She needs cigarettes and her hubby is a lazy bum and won't work . I'm gonna cry about it all now ... :)) " 
Wearing my Packers jacket ! 
I broke the DVD completely apart for the movie \Prophesy\ " and threw it out . That movie made me ill with how they portrayed the angel < PROPFIRST > and Uziel . I like that people have freedom for imagination .... I just need to avoid those types of movies . " 
Another snow storm moving in tomorrow night . :/ 
Whipping out my article on the best of the best in power generators ... I LOVE MY NEW JOB !!! 
Looks like Mother Nature is gonna spank Oklahoma worse this time than last ... :O 
Well the sun is officially gone now and I had to come inside . Was enjoying sitting in the pasture beside the horses as we soaked up the sun . My hubby was laughing at me . He says I treat them like little puppies .... :)) 
Snow is coming down . Expecting over a foot . Winter Storm Chapter 2 
This storm isn't nearly as bad as predicted . Maybe 8 inches of snow , very light winds . No drifting is a great thing ! 
The sun is out !!! 
I went outside and it isn't really all that cold ... there is all this nasty white stuff all over though . Perhaps this is the day it will melt and STAY gone ?? LOL ... 
Sounds like the guy coming this evening is gonna buy my daughters old car . Gonna put the money to my car note , which should pay it off . Then she can have my car . 
Anyone here know anything about a Think Pad by IBM ... Good , bad ?? Have a < PROPMALE > to buy a one year old one with full warranty for 175 bucks ... 
My first anniversary is on monday . It has been a wonderful year and I look forward to many more ... 
I can't take delivery of the Thoroughbred yet as she is too wild . Won't trailer up . He hasn't even been around her in over a year . Leaves me in quandary . She is sort of dangerous to handle at this point . I don't want to pass on the bloodline , yet don't want anyone hurt either . 
Anyone else have a totally gorgeous day like it was in Oklahoma ? Will be even nicer tomorrow . 
Back on serious foal watch ... out with the horses wayyy more than I am inside at the moment ... :) 
I quit my new job already . The glitches and problems with their website made the job impossible ... :( 
Working on my new ThinkPad tonight . Still not used to or liking Vista ... Blech ... 
71 degrees outside ... 76 for tomorrow ... Canadian geese are heading north overhead by the thousands ... also saw two ladybugs today . Spring is officially here ! 
On the hunt for more work today ... have a great day everyone ! 
Feeling a little overwhelmed with life ATM ... checking out of Facebook for a little while ... catch you on the flip side ! 
Anyone in the Oklahoma area ... 20 yr old QH mare needing placed at no cost . The owner is losing his home . She will be hard to load , but I am willing to drive down to < PROPMALE > and help load her . I just haven't room for her here and I feel bad . Call < PROPFIRST > at 405-889-0125 . 
Trying to stay disciplined and get all of my work done . Hope everyone is having a great night . 
I edited over 2000 titles today ... my eyes are killing me and my brain is jelly ... nite everybody ! 
Don't simply work at a job ... WORK that job . 
Have a terrific saturday ! 
Slow to get started today . I am very tired . Have a great sunday ! 
Yay ! My daughter is coming for a visit ! My day just got better ... 
I survived the weekend and comfortably met my financial goal ... working my way out of a deep depression . 
I've had a nice day off from working , but have been dragging from being so tired . I think I've been fighting burn out . 
The government is flat broke again ... who will bail us out this time ... or will it be < PROPFEMALE > again ?? You KNOW what happens when someone takes over payments on any item ... :/ 
Thanks < PROPFIRST > W and Obama for running this country financially aground ... 
Just found a different source for my hay that is better quality at HALF the price delivered . This just eased my pocketbook a TON ! 
Well that was quick ! I begin writing reviews for a small publishing house tonight . I have to read upcoming releases and write a 300 word review for each one . Doesn't pay a tremendous amount of money , but respectable and neat work ... 
Think I have kidney infection coming on . Not good as I have to go out periodically and walk one of the horses . Nite got colic from the new hay . She'll be fine , but I'm hurting every time I walk her ... 
The US needs a \super passenger train\ " like another hole in the head . Pull that funding and put it back into healthcare for kids/elderly and the food stamp program . How about heat assistance Obama ? Was this man not spanked enough as a child . He is out of control . There are people going hungry and cold in the US and he wants a faster train ... " 
Raining .... ick ... 
You and I wake up in a psychiatric < PROPMALE > together . Using 4 words , what would you say to me ? Note : If you comment , you must copy and paste this to your status , so I may comment on yours as well . Be a good sport and play along ... 4 words is harder than you think !!!!!! 
I'm a bit spooked and going to bed ... the TV keeps turning itself on and my sons door just banged open and he is asleep ... :O 
Big change on the house plans . I have scrapped part of the house we were going to use and will be moving in a different modular section . It is the house of my friend < PROPFIRST > that passed . As strange as it sounds ... it'll be like she is there everyday . Her dad could not have made me happier and I know < PROPFIRST > would be happy . 
Spending the day writing articles tomorrow as a break from editing ... YAY ! 
Man ... every insurance company I end up with sux rox ... 
The Japan crisis is horrifying . My heart goes out to everyone involved . May God make His presence known and comfort ... 
There are leaves coming out on the trees here ! 
Cripes ! My lower back is acting up ... not a good thing . 
Putting my Canon AE1 Programmable up for sale ... a sad day indeed . I've taken some awesome pictures with this camera ... :)) 
My family will enter financial meltdown unless I complete 65 articles at DMS by the end of the month ... that means work , work and more work . I haven't written at DS in so long I had to read the guidelines again ... :)) 
OMG ... the reactors are starting to spew lots of radiation now . I guess this is meltdown ?? Why on Earth have they not been evacuating people from Japan ?? I am not happy about any of this ... 
Good Lord ... the Oklahoma legislature overwhelmingly approved a < PROPMALE > that gives ANYONE over the age of 18 the right to openly < PROPFEMALE > a gun here . I'm staying indoors now ... 
here is a little bit of TMI ... I need to run and take a shower after shoveling horse poo ... * giggles and runs away * 
Helicopters going overhead ... must be a fire nearby again ... :/ 
Battle number one with Appaloosa and I win ... he finally lets me pet him whenever I want . Next comes the halter and lead rope ... :/ 
Thinking Taco mayo sounds good for dinner . very non nutritious and I won't have to stop writing to cook ... :P 
Spent an enormous amount of time preparing for a storm and it goes west and north of us ... :/ 
Wow ... finding some great reference materials for articles today . Having a blood sugar problem ... have had the shakes all day ... 
Loves working the night shift ... so quiet in the house ... :)) 
I officially dumped a bunch of articles into submission at DMS last nite ... YAY !! I FINALLY broke through that wall ... 
I'm sure they will send them all back as \thin\ " as they are simpleton how to articles ... oh well ... LOL ! " 
I'm trying not to get too excited , but I think Talli just began the labor process ... Going out to be with her ... :) 
I've refigured everything until my brain hurts . I cannot get the family budget less than 3700 a month . That is a sobering reality . 
Tossing in 20 finished articles to the queue before my day is done ... 
My articles are almost all edited . Took them two days on the first round ones . They haven't killed me with scores , but I have made some dumbass mistakes . It at least shows me my weaknesses again and I go forward doing better . All approved so far ... * fingers crossed * 
Ouch ... they have my pay wrong for titling that is currently being processed . I'm not real happy about that . 
Hmmmm ... I put too much Cayenne pepper in dinner and they ate it anyway ... even with eyes bulging . Maybe they are afraid since it is THAT time of the month ??... :O 
schizophrenic weather ... was cold this morning and hot this afternoon ... 
My brain is going to implode . I got no rewrites ... NO rewrites for any articles I put in . Scary . 
Good golly .... I wander into find assignments and find 10 more that are begging to be written . These titles are killing me ... they are so lame and simple . Hope it keeps up !!! 
Looks as if we have a buyer for the cabin cruiser . This means we can soon finish the move and get settled into the new house . Have so much finish work to do there ... I'm tired thinking about it all , but excited just the same . 
We need to clean house on the next vote ... new everything . These losers in office are killing this country and the economy . 
A big shout out of thanks to < PROPFIRST > County Hospital for reinfecting me with Tetanus . My jaw hurts more than you could ever imagine . I can open my mouth maybe 2 centimeters . Lovely . 
Well the boat is spit shined and ready for the potential buyer to inspect ... Pretty sure it'll sell since we have it so damned under-priced . 
Are there ANY holidays in the US that do not promote and challenge kids to eat as much < PROPFEMALE > as their tummies can hold ??? 
I feel like giving up healthwise . Woke up with my chest and shoulder burning . Was brown recluse bit again .... really bad this time . Have the exterminator coming friday . I hate this house and want gone from it like ... yesterday . 
Hope everyone is having a good night . I'm up working because I will be gone for the weekend ... and I'm skeert of spiders in my bed ... It will be a good weekend working on the new house ... finishing up fencing for the horses and little odds and ends getting ready for the big move . Taking the tractor and some other equipment up . What ya'll doing this weekend ?? 
