Finally posting a picture from a great facebook reunion !!! 

Finally hitting the hay at 3:35 . Thank you < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > for an awesome new year party ! Happy New Year to all my friends and family ! 
black 
Alright , now that I am really trying to stick with this facebook thing , someone has to tell me the difference between News Feed and Live Feed . 
Taking the kids to see < PROPMALE > & the Chipmonks \The Squeekwal\ " today . Any reviews ? How painful will this be ? I have to say . The first one was kinda cute . Part 2's usually bomb . Anyone ? " 
I've seen the \Squeekwal\ " and live to tell about it . Not as painful as I thought it would be . Kids loved and that's what counts . " 
Brrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr ! 
Meeting my friend < PROPFIRST > for lunch on Long Island today . Very looking forward to seeing her ! 
Finally a day at home to put my house back together after new furniture deliveries , painters and Christmas . Christmas decorations be gone ! 
The new carpet is in . The new carpet is in . Hooray ! Looks like a different house . 
Heading out to < PROPMALE>'s soccer tournament . GO HAWKS !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
... 
off to yoga . Ahhhhhhhhhhhh zen . 
Just curious ... what ever happened to the swine flu ? And what disease of the year will they threaten worldwide death with next year . 
Happy Birthday to my little guy < PROPMALE > ! He is nine years old today . How could that have happened so fast ? 
Recovering from a very long , very fun night with friends . < PROPMALE > had a great birthday . Thank you everyone ! 
I am so proud of my son < PROPFIRST > and his band After September for putting on an amazing show at The < PROPMALE > today . You guys rock ! And thank you to my friends who came out and were so supportive . We are so appreciative . 
Yoga today ! I get to completely leave the planet and shut out the world for an hour . What could be better ? 
Okay ... can we be done with the whole \Life is too short for regrets\ " crap . We all love eachother ... blah blah blah .... let's get on with it . It is getting VERY boring ! " 
Let it snow , let it snow , let it snow .... I mean Make it stop , make it stop , make it stop . Wasn't expecting this today ! 
Take out from < PROPMALE>'s . Steak and pasta ..... can't wait !!!!!! 
High School talent show tonight . After September will be rocking the win ! 
I am back from Florida . Mom is doing much better than I expected . It was very hard to leave her though . Hitting the ground running today . What did I miss ? 
I win biggest loser of the the day . I spent the morning getting the house ready for the cleaning lady only to realize she doesn't come until next week . I am losing it ! 
What is your \personal\ " snow prediction for your area tomorrow ? I am guessing 6 inches in < PROPFEMALE >." 
My facebook just changed . Is there no more News Feed AND Live Feed ? Is Most Recent now Live Feed ? Not getting it ! Help ? 
The snow is really putting a crimp in my plans today ! I wanna get out of this town ! 
2 hour delay and i'm still predicting no school for tomorrow . It better be all over on Friday because I need to get < PROPMALE>'s Toyota recall problem fixed and my car inspected among other things . Inspection way expired . Busy day Friday thanks to all this weather . 
< PROPMALE > boys were extremely unhappy about the weather this morning ! It's pounding snow now so I guess there is always the < PROPMALE > of early dismissal ?!?! Don't know what to make of this weather . 
< PROPFIRST > is the goddess of my life . She consistently meet my needs . I could not find my cleaning ladies number ... < PROPFIRST > had it . She has my kids guitar teachers number and always tells me what time it is . This is my formal shout out ! 
Rain .... rain .... rain ... will you ever turn to snow ? 
Finally snowing !!!! Hopefully we will all be sleeping in tomorrow ! 
Day two of soup diet . Had soup for breakfast today . Will be having soup for lunch and oooh ... soup for dinner . This better freakin ' work ! 
Soup Diet Day Three ! Today I can have fruit and soup . Cantelope for breakfast today ! Yum . And .... down 3 pounds ! I am good at maintaining , but not losing , so if I could drop a total of ten pounds I will be psyched . 
Day Four Soup Diet . Very excited to be down 5 pounds already . Today I get to add in bananas and skim milk . Love bananas .... hate milk . It should be interesting . 
Soup Diet Day Five . Chugged a lot of skim milk yesterday - Yuck ! Did not gain or lose weight today . Day five allows me a steak . Cannot wait !!!! Five pounds down and hoping for more ! 
Soup Diet Day Six . Got to have an awesome steak last night . I so needed that . Today I can have steak and veggies and soup . I only lost 1/2 pound more so I'm down 5.5 pounds . Hoping for a big end of week drop if I'm gonna make it down ten . 
Soup Diet Day Seven . Last day of diet , still only down 5.5 pounds . Hoping to see more tomorrow morning . Today is brown rice , unsweetened fruit juice and soup . I think I'm just gonna throw rice into the soup for substance . Glad it's the last day . Gonna try to be good after this though . If anyone has good heathy meal recipes , let me know ! 
Soup Diet - OVER ! Total of 6 pounds down in seven days . Not as good as I hoped , but definately worth it . Let's just see if I can keep it off now ! - < PROPFIRST > I will definately walk today . 
Just found out that < PROPFIRST>'s band \After September\ " has made it to the third and final round of The Break Contest . Winner of this round plays at Giant's Stadium ...... fingers crossed ! " 
Is anyone's allergies going crazy ? Poor < PROPMALE > has not stopped sneezing for five minutes today . He's like that girl that was on the news for sneezing every 20 seconds . 
Took my son < PROPMALE > to the Emergency Room last night for excessive sneezing . He was worse than the girl on the news . Sounds crazy but everyone working in the ER said that they had never seen anything like this before . Everyone was coming by his room to check him out . They gave him benedryl and prednisone . He slept good , but woke up sneezing . Not as bad as last night though . Hoping it's the tail end . 
< PROPMALE > spent most of the day still sneezing . It seems to be gradually diminishing . After this second dose of meds we are hoping to have a sneeze free tomorrow . Thanks for all the good wishes . 
Is anyone out there actually happy about this health care < PROPMALE > passing ? I really need to know . 
So they just passed a health care plan written by a committee whose chairman says he didn't understand it , passed by a Congress that exempts themselves from it , signed by a president who smokes , with funding administered by a treasury chief who didn't pay his taxes , all to be overseen by a surgeon general who is Obese , and better yet it is to be financed by a country that's broke . 
I would like to thank the Debellos for having us over for Easter and making us part of the family for the day . Great food , great friends . What could be better ? 
The appliance guy is here working on my dryer . Will today be the day ? Will it actually work agian ? I despise the laundromat !!!!! 
After September had a great show yesterday . They are unfortunately not one of the bands moving on . We could not be more proud of them . I would like to sincerely thank all of our friends and family who continually support the band . We truly appreciate it . The boys were thrilled when the judge told them they wouldn't be suprised if they were as big as All Time Low in a few years . 
Blown water heater ! At least they can have it replaced today . It's always something . 
Just reorganized my closet and had to figure out what to do with all my boots , shoes , sandals and sneakers . When taking all my footwear out of my closet and looking it over it was overwhelming . I need to know how much footwear does the average girl have ? I want to know if my number is normal or exteme so POST the total number of shoes , boots , etc . that you think you have ......... 
I LOVE going on vacation .... I HATE packing . Clothes everywhere , nothing in the suitcase . 
Back at the pool after an awesome night at the casino . May the gods shine upon us again tonight . 
Back at the pool . Hot sun ... crazy wind . Still loving three card poker . Looking forward to another decent day at the tables . 
Vegas was awesome , but now I have the aftermath .... clean the house ... catch up on laundry .... supermarket .... I miss Vegas already ! 
< PROPFIRST > is my favorite son and i love him very much . oh and i am very jealous of his hair and good looks , he can thank me for that . but really i should be thanking him for ALL the joy he brings me <3 
Jagermeister with the neighbor's . Things are getting ugly . Gotta love 4th of July weekend . 
In the theater anxiously awaiting the start of Eclipse . 
Off to Great Wolf Lodge with my neices and the DeBello's . Fun ! 
Got to Great Wolf Lodge WATER PARK and forgot my bathing suit . Pricy error . 
Trying to get some sun in the backyard . Don't seem to have the stamina for it anymore . 
On the plane , ready to take off ... Grandma here we come !!!!!!! 
Mom's homemade eggplant parmesan for breakfast . I have a very happy belly ! 
Gambling Grandma's trip to the casino was again a success . She is one lucky old lady . I so love getting that one on one time with my momma ! 
< PROPMALE>'s here ! < PROPMALE>'s here ! My day is complete !!! :) 
< PROPMALE > told a joke that his Poppy told him . I told him that Poppy's a funny guy . He said \Mom .... funny ? He's hilarious AND he does magic tricks !!! \ " I told him he was very lucky to have such a Poppy ! " 
Under a pavilion in a thunderstorm at a little league game in Middletown , New York . Gotta love summer baseball . 
Saw \The Other Guys\ " yesterday . By no means an academy award winning film but definately had some really funny parts . Worth the trip ! " 
Today my oldest son ( and one of my best friends ) turned 16 . I couldn't be more proud of the man he is becoming . He got his permit and we spent our morning driving around . Life has just changed drastically . 
Great day at Universal's Islands of Adventure\ 
Off to waste away again in Margeritaville for dinner . I predict a very pretty ice cold drink is in my future . 
Just rode the rip ride rocket at universal . May need a visit to the chiropractor after that one ! 
Back in New York after an awesome vacation . Hope weather is better tomorrow than it is today . 
< PROPMALE > is very excited to have Ms. Demme for his fourth grade teacher as am I . 
Every year I can't wait for the first day of school to come . Then when it gets here I always think \I could use just a few more days . \"" 
Brrrrrrr ! Had to warm my car up for the bus run this morning . I am sooooo missing summer already ! 
Just got home from my third and final curriculum night . Thank God !!!! I think < PROPMALE>'s last year in elementary school will be the best . What an awesome teacher Mrs. Demme is ! 
Brrrrrrrrrrrrr ! 
Just want to thank my friends for always being troopers and making my Halloween party a success . Every year we consider doing a best costume contest but I could never choose . Everyone was awesome this year ! Too much fun !!!! 
A much needed night out with the girls !!!!! 
Sitting outside the Mid-Hudson Civic Center patiently waiting for < PROPFIRST > and his crew to emerge . Soooo bored . 
Love my neighborhood ! Partying at the Underground Pub at < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE>'s with my coolest neoghbors . 
In the theater , anxiously awaiting the start of < PROPMALE > Potter . My excitement is way beyond normal ! 
At the dentist with < PROPMALE > . Having a baby molar pulled . I think I'll give him the rest of the day off . 
Just want to wish my family an early < PROPFEMALE > Christmas . Wish I could be there to celebrate with you guys . Love and miss you ! 
< PROPMALE > is playing basketball against < PROPFIRST > Girardi's son in < PROPMALE > . 
Not even 9:00 am and it's all over . I am getting to say < PROPFEMALE > Christmas to my friends and family on my new laptop ! Now I can scrabble from anywhere . I just want to wish everyone a very < PROPFEMALE > Christmas !!!!!!! Have an awesome day ! 
Husband already in bed .... six kids shooting darts throughout the upstairs ... I'm soooo bored !!!! 
Very proud of my son < PROPFIRST > and his band After September for a very stellar performance at The < PROPMALE > yesterday ! Pretty confident they will be making it through to the second round ! And a big thanks to the Higgins for hosting the after party ! 
School tomorrow ? 2-hour delay ?? No school ??? Hmmmmmmm ?????? 
Already got the call for tomorrow ... 2 hour delay . 
Bye Bye spring break ! If we had 5 snow days in January , how many will February bring ? I'm making the best of it with homemade chocolate chip waffles ! Only problem is trying to keep the kids quiet while their Dad works from home . He's on one phone call after another . Shhhhhhhhh !!!!!!! 
I am hosting a < PROPFEMALE > Dinner Dance for our Cooperstown baseball team on Saturday April 2nd from 7-11pm at Arbor Ridge in Hopewell Junction . The tickets are $75pp and will include **** FULL OPEN BAR **** , butlered hors d'oeuvers , dinner , dessert , DJ and DANCING ! It's like a wedding without the annoying relatives !!!! Come as a couple or as a group ! Tickets are on sale now ! Get ' em while their hot !!!!! 
