oh the weather outside is beautiful :) 

pardon me . 
dreams of grassy rolling hills .. 
ene menie mino mo I see some hoes up on the floor , I'm a pro like to touch , bounce that ass like double dutch , bounce it ! 
slept like shit and had dreams of whales humping boats ... 
is trying to shake this bad mood 
stuntin is a habit 
love is about complete and utter surrender 
is sick :( 
is packing . \You think your fresh shit ? Bitch I'm ripe \"" 
thinks she's going to pass out ... needs sleep 
HER BABY IS OPN HIS WAY HERE !!! Tomorrow now she'll get to be with him forever :) <3 
HER BABY IS ON HIS WAY HERE !!! Tomorrow night she'll get to be with him forever :) <3 
is relaxing at home with her new family .. waiting for her lover to get home from work :) 
relaxed and feels very much at peace :) 
where did all the answers go ? 
feels fat and is going to the beach in 2 days .. >.< 
is feeling restless and homesick 
IS GOING TO THE BEACH WITH HER BABY ! 
got burnt and is now relaxing . Time to start looking for jobs the rest of the week and up coming weeks . 
did a lot of running around today and came home to have a drink ... 
is cleaning and playing with < PROPFEMALE > :) 
my pandora just played < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > on a hardcore rap station ... >.> 
her sidebar pandora radio keeps creating a < PROPFIRST > Clarkson station on it's own ... twice ... creeeepyy 
her phone is disconnected .. so don't freak out if you can't get ahold of her . 
I miss my mommy :( 
Love is touching souls , Surely you touched mine , Cause part of you pours out of me ... 
going to corpus !!!! 
MIGHT BE GETTING A JOB !!!!!!!!!! Cross your fingers everyone !!! I find out after 4 today 
GOT THE JOB AT IHOP ! Working today at 5 ! wish me luck ! 
is too good for training but another training today at 5 . 
got offered a job at applebee's ... that is more busy and good hours ... what to do what to do 
is tired of the run around ... I want the job already :| 
is over it and lovin life ... wants it to be fall already :} 
going to see about the applebee's job today . need more good luck ! 
finds out today if she gets the job ! 
got a job at Cheddars and has orientation on sat . 
had creepy dreams >.< 
was sick on her first day of training :( Has to train again at 4 today 
wishes she could go back to bed but has to get up for work ... 
mmm potato salad and bologna sandwich ... my heart is contect ^.^ 
is still alive , just working and keeping busy . Miss all you guys and love you !! 
is home sick again . Wants to cuddle with her baby , but instead has to go to work v.v 
is watching house on haunted hill .. yay scary movies . IT'S ALMOST HALLOWEEN !! 
might have to work on halloween :( 
missin those changing leaves and that crisp cool air ... 
days go by too quickly .. 
feel's horrible ... might have a fever again >.< 
thanks for forgetting me 
is feeling rage . 
is feeling much better . Relaxing with her baby now <3 
put the christmas tree up last night ... makes me miss home 
Happy thanksgiving everyone ! Love you all !! 
and you , your sex is on fire , consoled with the words to transpire 
:) 
Kiss me til your lips are scorched 
going to watch the cowboys game at buffalo wild wings with my baby :) 
Christmas is sneaking up and can't believe she'll be in Michigan soon ! 
6 DAYS !! 
independent bitches get up on the dance floor 
finding it hard to stay positive ... but had an amazing valentines day . <3 
oh Sims how I love thee . Enjoying her days off :) 
PICKIN UP MY FAMILY FROM THE AIRPORT TODAY !!!!!!!!!!! 
Can't hold the clouds at bay , < PROPMALE > them all away , Remembering something I forgot , Something I forgot . 
On the floating , shapeless oceans , I did all my best to smile , til your singing eyes and fingers , < PROPFIRST > me loving into your eyes . 
Wish I was home to be at my grandpa's memorial :( R.I.P. 
wanting to go swimming at Higgins Lake ! Hopefully going to Corpus will take care of some of that :) 
Following the leader , the leader , following the leader , where ever he may go ! 
mmmm queso cottage is sooo good(spanish cottage cheese) ! lol 
pleased that the temperature outside is only 73 , not a sweltering 90 or higher like it has been .... 
Thank you everyone ! I had a great relaxing birthday ! 
can't wait for the KORN concert on saturday !!!!!! 
I'M SERIOUS AS CANCER WHEN I SAY RHYTHM IS A DANCER !!!! OOOHHH OHHHH Rhythm is a dancer , it's a soul companion , you can feel it everywherrrre . Lift your hands and voices , free your mind and join us , you can feel it in the air . OOOOOH IT'S A PASSION .... 
KORN CONCERT TOMORROWWWWW !!!!!!!! 
Korn concert was AWESOME !! Had a great time ! Now back to work :/ 
.... my < PROPMALE > rumble in the jungle , your < PROPMALE > got touched by your uncle ... my < PROPMALE > like super-size , your < PROPMALE > look like two fries ... 
2 and a half weeks before michigan !!!!!! 
excited to relax with my baby on his birthday :) 
wish I was with my papa for fathers day :( Only a week and a half til I see everyone though !!! 
4 DAYS !! 
2 Days !! Excited , sad , and scared ... 
being back in michigan is so nice . it's like 60 degrees and beautiful ... just wish my lover boy was here to enjoy it with me , can't wait for the weekend ! 
had such a good time with your family and friends !!! It was relaxing , just what I needed . Can't believe that tomorrow I'm leaving ! Had fun shopping today and may go get icecream later ... hm . I'll be back before I know it . I love you all <3 
Had an amazing time in Michigan !!!... now it's back to reality .. bummer . My sunburn itches ... how annoying 
loves thunder storms :) 
oh Sims how you entertain me 
RAWR ! excited for another trip to michigan ! 
about to watch Silver Bullet with my mommy and < PROPMALE > :) 
fyi her phone is disconnected ... in the process of getting it turned on though 
Had an amazing week with everyone ... doesn't really want to go home yet , time flew by too fast :( 
If anyone has a picture of < PROPMALE > and I together on our last trip to michigan could you please post it to me , because I never got a good pic of us . purdy pleasssee :) 
' s eye is twitching and has to go to work ... blah :/ 
Ok now it's bedtime ... yay off for two days . Goodnight :) 
Safe from pain and truth and choice and other poison devils , \ 
See , they don't give a fuck about you , like I do . 
There's a thunder in our hearts , baby . So much hate for the ones we love ? Tell me , we both matter , don't we ? 
My limeade chiller does not taste very limeade to me ... :( 
Sometimes love comes around and it knocks you down , just get back up when it knocks you down\ 
\ 
Say you gotta put the good with the bad , happy and the sad , So will u bring a better future than I had in the past , Oh Cause , I don't wanna make the same mistakes I did , I don't wanna fall back on my face again 
is gonna dance dance dance thru the fire 
At night I feel like a vampire ... 
It's finally starting to feel like fall ... fresh weather and burning a hot cider candle to remind me of home :) 
Has a fever :( But it's offical ! I'm goming home for CHRISTMAS !!!! YAAAAY !!! 
is about to make homemade meataaaaballs and speghetti ... mmmm :) 
stupid jersey shore how dare you suck me into watching you ... -.- 
alright ... guess I have to do shit today -.- 
is decorating her sims for Halloween ... is that sad ? lol 
ehhhhh I dont want to work but I need to money ... :/ 
Finally some scary movies playing ! Yay for fear fest ! 
You set my soul alight , I thought I was a fool for no one , Oh baby I'm a fool for you 
Happy Hallow's < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
HAPPY HALLOWEEN !!!!! 
Love is about complete and utter surrender . The first time I said I love you to him I had surrendered . 
has been watching the < PROPMALE > Potter movies over , in anticipation for part one of the final !!!! 
is eatting a sammich , cleaning , and listening to music . Oh what a beautiful day it is :) 
it feels good to draw again :} 
is having family thanksgiving today , then tonight is < PROPMALE > POTTER !!! 
likes techno arabic music 
Cause when your here there's nothing wrong , You are as far as I can see ... 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone !!! Wish I was in Michigan to be with my family , but I Christmas is not far now ! Love you all !! 
off to pay bills , at least its a beautiful day . 77 and < PROPFEMALE > this texas weather is really growing on me :) 
stupid work .... :/ 
This is a happy end , Come and give me your hand , I'll take you far away ... 
just made sugar cookies :) took me 3 hours lol ... but damn their gooooood ! 
reallys doesn't want to clean :/ 
9 DAYS TIL WE'RE IN MICHIGAN FOR CHRISTMASSSSSS !!!!!!!!!! 
is less than a week away from seeing her family , whom she misses very much ! Can't wait !!!!! 
is really not feelin work today , my throat hurts , I lost my voice , n would rather stay home with my baby :( 
is finally done with all her chirstmas shopping ! 2 MORE DAYS !!! 
will be in michigan TOMORROW !!! Packing and getting things around for the flight !!! YAY !! 
had a great time in michigan with her family for christmas , but is glad to be back in the warmer weather :P misses everyone already though :/ Love you all ! <3 
