Just in case you were wondering .... riding an ATV down the road at 20mph in 8 degree weather without a face mask is a very , very bad idea . It's suffocating , literally . 

Finally got The Internets back so I can use The Google , as Bush Jr. would say . 
Is still all fangirly from seeing Down last night ( and has a sore neck ! ) 
First < PROPMALE > Brown is seriously ill , now Zakk Wylde . WTF is going on ? 
listening to Will jam on guitar .... 
vid from down show in Rochester ... look one of the hands in the lower left in the front row between < PROPMALE > and mr. anselmo is mine ha . http://www.downontour.com/2009/sept16/index.htm 
CASTLE AGE FRIENDS : I just need one green egg and it will be dragon thumpin ' time :D 
wheel bearings and rotors for F = 350s are not cheap ..... ugh 
You know it's cold in your house when the hot water from your faucet hits the basin and creates steam .... 
Does ANYONE ?! Want to go out with me on Halloween ? It's on a Saturday for chrissakes . I refuse to not go out on a Halloween that's on a Sat . 
Just got Dragonforce : Inhuman Rampage . Likes it , but can tell its HEAVILY Iron Maiden/Iced Earth/Manowar/Blind Guardian influanced . 
New SLAYER out Nov . 3rd WOOHOOO !! 
METALLICA TOMORROW !!! 
ponies/chickens/sheep are fed , got a fire started , as soon as I close the damper and find appropriate music the house cleaning shall commence .... happy happy joy joy ! 
after scouring Ebay for weeks , has finally secured a copy of Volbeat - Guitar Gangsters and Cadillac Blood .... yaaaay !! 
Thanks for the birthday wishes guys . 
dude .... I'm listening to Issues by Korn ... I dont remember the last time I listened to this . It's moderately depressing lol -- a very retro way to start the new year . 
Dolls of voodoo all stuck with pins One for each of us and our sins So you lay us in a line Push your pins they make us humble Only you can tell in time If we fall or mearly stumble 
black . 
Is still at home because she has a sick car .... 
Is going to face algebra tonight .... after an approximate seven year absence . 
Almost like your life , almost like your endless fight/Curse the day is long , realize you don't belong/Disconnect somehow , never stop the bleeding now/Almost like your fight ... and there it went , that was just your life . 
There is no word for this except cute .... well , and impressive . But seriuosly , I just want to ruffle the hair of that kid dinging . Kids play Down's \Ghosts Along the Mississippi\ " http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fj5-3MTShbU " 
Just got back home .... and was welcomed home by a huge stack of bills . 
So we just passed a health care plan written by a committee whose chairman says he didn't understand it , passed by a Congress that exempts themselves from it , signed by a president who smokes , with funding administered by a treasury chief who didn't pay his taxes , all to be overseen by a surgeon general who is obese , a ... nd financed by a country that's broke ? Feel free to repost this if you agree ... I did 
Just in case you were wondering ... Cabo Wabo ( < PROPFIRST > Hagar's < PROPFEMALE > ) is freaking awesome . 
I just had to read a rediculously left wing , socialist essay for English for homework and it made me so angry I'm listening to Far Beyond Driven . If you want to read it it's called \Why the < PROPMALE > are Getting < PROPMALE > er and the Poor are Getting Poorer\ " by Reich . " 
Finally got Volbeat - Rock the Rebel/Metal the Devil . Yay ! 
< PROPFIRST > Elric is sitting on my dresser . 
mmm ... Just ate rainbow trout that was caught this morning by our friend < PROPFIRST > .. 
oh my god .... $700 due for filing tax returns ... good thing i'm sitting down . 
Wow .... I'm getting an A in algebra .... amazing . I was going start typing notices of deposition for civil litigation .... but ... i can't stay awake anymore . and the big boss man wants me to work 10 hours friday . don't think i'm going to be up to it . 
I have a chicken on my lap and a lamb by my foot . 
So .... tired .... ugh ... going to do homework and save the yard labor for Saturday . 
I bought 800 pounds of dirt today . What the hell ? 
Live win , dare fail/eat dirt , bite the nail/strip smile , lose cool/bleed , the day and break the rule/hug the curve , lose the time/tear the map , and shoot the sign .... okay who's going to get THAT one ? 
< PROPFIRST > Steel is dead , The Rev is dead , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Dio is dead , and now < PROPFIRST > Gray is dead . What the FUCK is going on ?! 
Holy crap .... I actually went riding today . I took Bubbles-The-Wonder-Pony down the by the canal , where he thought he was being attacked by boats . 
Ugh .... so one of my stupid horses escaped while I was fishing last night and I had to go get him this morning ..... 
The bad news .... I got the wrong book for accounting , because the stupid bookstore listed the wrong book ( and I didn't get it thru them ) . The good news .... I can return it to the rental place , and the one I actually need is about a quarter of the price of the one I have . 
< PROPFIRST>'s hard blackberry lemonade + empty stomach = happy 
Dude ... I TOTALLY have tickets to the Uproar Festival ... Disturbed/Aveneged Sevenfold/HellYeah/Stone Sour/Halstorm/Airbourne ... two other bands I've never heard of . It's in an ampitheater and there is the gayness of seats .... but I can't turn down all of those bands on the same ticket . 
somehow ... I just ended up with a pet baby raccoon . wtf ? 
I swear to god ... why does Burger < PROPMALE > feel that it is necessary to overload my senses with Twilight propoganda .... being foreced to look at the manifestation of every preteen girl's wet dream does not whet my appetite for hamburgers . 
Just got back from RIOTING with Otep . My throat is sore ... I can't move my neck ... my ears are ringing , and I'm covered in sweat -- an excellent mosh pit experience . Not only that but I walked right by Otep going into the venue ( no joke , didn't realize it was her for a few seconds ) AND Will and I passed Otep and the band on the way out ... weird huh ? 
WTF .... so I started doing all the assorted errands I need to get done while I'm on vacation .... and I forgot my car has been overheating if you drive it for more than half an hour . So now I have to wait an hour for the thing to cool off so I can assess the problem . 
You know you're a redneck when dropping your car off for inspection involves a trek through your neighbor's cornfield . 
Wow ... the hydrochloric acid death scene in Saw IV is definitely one of the most gruesome horror movie deaths i've ever seen 
OMG be still my beating heart ... Beavis and Butt-Head are coming back , with < PROPFIRST > Judge no less 
having an Alien marathon ... wow , I forgot how much I like HR Gieger's artwork 
Eating chocolate icecream and watching Scarface .... odd combination ? 
Met Paladino at the Orleans county fair today . Okay ... i'm willing to give this guy a try . When we were talking to him he said he would appoint a special prosecuter to persue corruption in NY politicians . 
Finished history ... yaaay ! Only took me two and a half hours after I stopped procrastinating . 
Sepultura makes me speed . 
Fucking A ! Nightmare kicks ASS , Put it thru one spin only so far , but I can say there is old-style screaming on it ( yes !! ) , the guitars are amazing through the whole CD , and the 5% of the time the vox were mediocre the guitars/bass/drums are wicked enough to make up for it . There are a couple ballady songs , but some seriously kick ass metal tunes too . Highly reccomend : Nautral Born Killer , God Hates Us . 
sparkley purple eye shadow is my ace in the hole ..... SURPRISE !!!!! i am fully aware < PROPFIRST > is the only person wh knows what in the hell i'm talking about . 
Must have stabbed her fifty fuckin ' times/Ripped her heart out right before her eyes/Eyes over easy , eat it , eat it ! /She was never this good in bed , even when she was sleeping .... '' Cause I really always knew that my little crime would be cold , so that's why i bought a heater for your thighs/And I know , I know it's not your time , bye bye ! / 
woohoooo .... Uproar festival today ; going to Bother to Scream HellYeah while I get Down With the Sickness because I'm Not an Angel :p 
Holy mother of god .... avenged sevenfold just totally kicked my ass . AMAZING stage show . Disturbed has one tough act to follow 
Insane/Am I the only motherfucker with a brain ? /I'm hearing voices but all they do is complain/How many times have you wanted to kill/Everything and every one , say you'll do it but never will 
I channeled my inner food snob this weekend ... four year old bourdeux with spanish goat cheese ... mmmm .... 
I can't believe Will and I < PROPMALE > out with < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , her parents , Uncle < PROPMALE > , etc . last night and I didn't get hammered . I didn't even drink . What's the world coming to ? I had lipton diet green tea . I didn't have ONE beer , not even a whiskey . I don't think I've ever done that before ..... 
This is so gay ... I have to go to work for 4 hours . 
does anyone want a free copy of avenged sevenfolds self titled cd ? I finally got the reg version so someone can have the edited copy i retardedly bought at wal mart . Plays fine otherwise 
Is going to see Trans-Siberian Orchestra ( floor seats ) on my birthday .... almost makes up for missing Black Label Society in Nov and Iced Earth in Sept ..... 
Congrats < PROPFIRST > Paladino ! won the NY republican nom for governor with 68% percent of the vote . Who knows ? Things might actually change around here .... 
I want to meet my maker in peace , I want to feel alive again/So put that smile back on my face and mix it strong my friend/I won't struggle on in a world so cold , in a world so wrong/I'm not running away , been fighting this so long/Such a price that we pay , we've gotta be so strong 
I'm drinking Absinthe . yaaaay . Hail la fee verte . 
wow ... last night , I saw the most disgusting motel room EVER . 
I have the fourth and final season of The Tudors .... yaaaaay ! 
VOTE PALADINO ! 
Remember , remember the Fifth of November 
Me : \I wish you were as good at guitar as Skwisgaar\ " \ 
going to see Caustic Method in on the 24th .... totally wicked local band from Watertown . Check them out in Rochester if you're not doing anything else , tickets are like $10 . 
Just in case you weren't quite sure if I've totally lost my mind ... singing Fuck the Police while checking legal citations on WestLaw .... I'm awesome . 
okay .... caustic method rules . Someone give them a record contract , please ! 
I hate cutting wood . Moving around for 2 hours in 20lbs of carhartt is work enough itself , nevermind fucking around with the chains , sawing , splitting , and hefting .... yeah , i'm whining . 
Yep , so I'm officially going to see Disturbed ( again ) in January ... and Korn is opening for them ... and seeing what Korn is now reduced to might make me cry . Wow , how times have changed . Anyway , joining Will and I , and completing the unholy < PROPFEMALE > will be JoeTrapp , the original mexican ninja ( who also happens to be my cousin ) . 
TRANS SIBERIAN ORCHESTRA 1HOUR !! 
I'm staying home from work today due to illness for the first time in about 4 years because Will baked E . coli into the cornbread yesterday . 
I've managed to obtain 4/5 Dope cds in the last 4 weeks .... and I'm working on making Bitch my ringtone ..... damn ..... 
Just checked my grade transcript for Fall ... another 4.0 semester ( including Algebra 2 ) . Yay me . 
OMG .... did anyone else read the Voice article about < PROPFIRST > Black shooting part of a movie in a Tractor Supply ? I don't know whether to laugh or cry . I'm going to have to watch it now just to see if the cashiers they used from the store are actually wearing their TSC aprons . 
Just a quick FYIB ... Rob Zombie videos make coonhound puppies pee uncontrollably . 
Do any of you guys ( locally ) know how to hem jeans ? Like , with a sewing machine ? I'm willing to pay , within reason .... 
I was very bad . I ate potato chips . Many of them . And now I feel wretched . 
Okay , so Disturbed was amazing as usual . Korn was surprisingly good .... I haven't seen < PROPMALE > wear an Adidas track suit in years , and he played the bagpipes . Though , Blind and Got the Life WERE depressing . Strangest thing of all , Korn STILL has THE most brutal mosh pits -- I don't get it !! Will almost got in three fights and sprained or broke his ankle . 
Oh . My God . A replacement battery for the Makita 633D cordless drill is 75 DOLLARS !!!! 
I now officially own an import car ... I feel dirty ... I'm sorry for betraying you , Michigan . 
i ... really .... hate ... working weekends . 48 hours = too much 
I hate Toronto ..... they are having a metal festival including Slayer , Megadeth , < PROPMALE > Zombie , Opeth , Volbeat , Motorhead , Testament , Anthrax , and a shitload of others . New York never gets that kind of shit :( 
