Playing the new FarmTown game . On Facebook and myspace . Yeah I got no life . But it's a good one . :D 

Old times are good times . :) 
Awe ok , I'll take the cow . 
I think my face book is broken . It's not posting my messages . 
Testing ... 
One day until payday and hubby is cranky . :/ 
Hoping to go camping . Got everything packed . yey 
NO D&D for the next 2 weeks . We will start again at the end of the month . 
Where off to go camping ! Car is loaded and so am I . LOL \joking\ " But really .. Wish me luck . It's my first time . :) " 
Packing bags to wash cloths . 
is being kept awake by < PROPFIRST > . He can't sleep . :/ 
Almost caught a woodchuck/groundhog this morning . Damn thing went into the live trap , saw the metal trigger and turned back around then ran out . This time I covered the bottom with grass . I hope he gos back in . 
Woke up to see what I caught in my trap . A skunk !, a freaking smelly ass skunk . How the heck am I gonna get rid of that ? I called the town . They said If I caught him then I must get rid of him . rrrrr ... I don't want to let him back in my yard . He's gonna eat all my bait trying to catch the groundhog . :( 
<3 < PROPFEMALE > . Will look to the brighter sky's that lie ahead . 
is out trying to battle the war on trash in the city of wilkes-barre . 
Don't you hate it when your phone rings 8 diffrent times in the past hour from the same person and they don't leave a message ? There like \WHY DON'T YOU ANSWER ! \ " and I'm like \ " why don't you leave a message ? \"" 
I'm feeling a bit witchy . I'n the mood to brew something up . Be cool if they had an app for that . 
The plants are talking to me . O.o 
Hope you all had a great turkey day and a good black friday . :) 
Last day of Novemeber and I have a ton of things to do for the holidays . I'm glad most of the gifts are out of the way for me . Lot's of cookies to make . 
Anyone want to send Christmas cards in the mail ? Inbox me your mailing address and I will do the same . 
Hubby comes home in two hours . Just waiting around . 
Happy hump day . :) 
One week until Christmas . Yey ! * dances * <- Not looking forward to round trip to NY . Stop and go , stop and go , stop and go , stop and go .. are we there yet ? 
Oh my , I just started playing farmville after a while and I see there's like a bunch of gifts I need to get from others to reach the holiday deadline . I will send gifts too if u can help me get the 100 gifts I need . :) 
Happy winter solstice everyone . :) 
Nobody was selected Please select some friends first . Is anyone else getting this message trying to send app gifts ? First time it's doing this on different apps . 
Leaving for NY :) Sorry I wont be playing apps much over the next few days . 
Glad to be home in < PROPFEMALE > . My husband wont shut up about his cell phone . Makes me wonder how he lived his life before he had one . Hope u all had a great holiday . :) 
A friend of mine told me that a tumble weed grows in a desert . This was my happy moment for the day . :) 
It's so cold and < PROPFEMALE > today . 
Dear Farmville app friends . We only have until the 7th of < PROPFIRST > to open gifts . Granted the fireworks are kinda cool . But I'm really trying to get a gold chicken . I have 5.00 in farmville cash left . I'm hoping for a good prize . Please no more fireworks . For me anyways . Thanks and happy farming . :D 
We all need to loosen up . Take a bath , eat some cheese . 
Happy last day of the year . Hope you all have a great new one . :) 
Happy Birthday to all my friends including my self . :) 
Thanks for the birthday wishes . :) 
Thank you all for the birthday wishes . :D I feel loved . 
I can't remember a year when the < PROPFEMALE > ground hog did not see his shadow . 
I need harness on farmville . Please send . 
Thanks for all the building supplies people . :) No more nails or horse shoes . I'm all full of those . Please send bricks and harness . 
Farmville friends , Need harness please . That's all I need left . Maybe one or two more bricks . 
OMG all I neede is a BRICK Please one brick then I am done ! :D 
<- DANCES * YEY !!!! I have my stable ! If you need any other items just ask . :D 
Farmville pissed me off today . Spent 4 hours redoing my farm and when I reload the < PROPFEMALE > almost half of my work was undone . grrrrrrrrrrrr .... 
I'm happy with the way my farmville farm looks now . :) 
Today I'm taking my cat to the vet . I added half of a can of wet food to his dry food to help him with his constipation . The other two cats seemed to put on some wight where the other became all skin and bones . He's about 7 years old . We will see what the vet says . 
My cat has diabetes . When I recived the news I was not upset . I have people in my family that have it . The doctor said he will need shots twice a day with prescription cat food . I then started to relize this was going to cost a lot of money . Every month for the rest of my cats life . A lot of money . $130 . for the shots a month and $35 . for the cat food . I may be giving my cat away . I can't aford that . :( 
I found cheaper means of getting meds for my cat . I called a place in Canada and they can get me meds for 37.00 that will last me almost a whole year . YEY ! Getting cat food still going to be a cramp in budge it . However this new findings brings good hope for my < PROPFEMALE > , :) 
Lunar passed away this morning . 
Spring can't come fast enough for me . 
We have over a foot of snow . Wanting to know how people feel about the idea of skipping right over March to April ? We will move st. Pattys to April 17th along with birthdays . No more winter ! 
Joined the gym this past Saturday . I'm really enjoying it . Hope my hubby can keep up . 
I traded a bland life for bland foods . LOL .. I wounder how long this will last before I crash and burn . 
Going to Longisland NY in the morning . Going to visit the folks . 
Yey a brake in weather ! 
March winds .. Have not flew a kite in ages . 
Need help with my barn please . Need like 6 more people 
Who's having corned beef and cabbage this week ? 
HAPPY EASTER PEEPS ! 
Working hard in my yard . Moving dirt , washing rock , planting flowers adding mulch . R.I.P < PROPFIRST > Steele . Your music will be apart of me forever . 
Happy mothers day ! 
missing my babe ... so much .... 
Kicking back with my gf Neyda . :) 
Hubby is coming home today after a 4 day trip to Texas . I will be seeing him at 1am . Friday morning . Hope he has a safe flight . 
I let someone deep into my life . I can now see the true colors . It hurts . 
The clouds have lifted . I see truth and nothing more . 
Enjoying the pool . :D 
Ouch sunburn ! 
I need help planting cranberries on the farmville game . I'm still using the normal plow to do crops with . It be nice to get the school bus prize . Please join the c o-o p . :) 
sometimes love means letting someone go instead of trying to change them . 
would give people an update on what she has done today but it's a bit tricky when she hasn't really done anything today * nods * 
is amazed how much NOTHING she can get done in one day ! 
Dreaming of flip flops , lemonade , warm sand slipping through your toes , sunshine on me and shorts ! <3 Come on summer !! 
knowing that you are loved , by the ones you love , is THE BEST feeling in the world 
Going to the park with my neighbors today . Awesome times food and swimming . YEY summer ! 
Hubby left for FL . I'll be missing him . 
Keeping busy . 
is lonely ... think I might go watch some tv and snuggle up to myself for a while ... 
Is working hard around the house . 
http://purinaanimalallstars.yahoo.com/?v=7652402&l=100000085\ 
LOL ! \ 
\ 
Oh 
Today is Mikes birthday . I'm going to spoil him good . :D 
Too hot . I want my 70's back . 
Flower , flower grow for me , \ 
Become a flower from a seed , \ 
Grow your roots and a stem , \ 
Let the water come right in 
can't seem to find the ' start-button ' today ... 
is battling being optimistic . Pessimistic seems to be winning but I need to be optimistic because it still has a < PROPMALE > to succeed . 
is wishing everyone enough happiness to be sweet , enough trials to stay strong , enough empathy to keep you human and enough hope to be happy xx 
It's so humid I keep sliding off the sofa :) 
Meeting up tonight in Wilkes-barre < PROPFEMALE > for some drinks , at Ole tyme < PROPMALE>'s . All is invited . 6pm . 
Warm and wet here in NE < PROPFEMALE > 
has a lonely heart . 
is happy Mikes home from his trip . 
says you gotta live life to the fullest and not live in the past if you do you can never fully be happy you cant regret what you did just learn from it . 
Don't you hate it when your waiting for a package in the mail and every time you see a truck pull up you get all excited just to find out it's not for you . Happened twice today . Grrrrrr ! 
Happy Halloween ! 
Turkey day just a few weeks away . 
Why is it so hard to find decorations for thanksgiving this time of year ? I went to 6 different stores today looking for a turkey shaped cookie cutter and there all on Christmas already . 
Yey ! Mondays here . Time to kick off the week with something exciting . 
Everyday is a new day so leave the old things behind you . 
Put your self first when no one else will . 
Anyone want to exchange Christmas cards this year ? Privet message me your address and I will do the same . Happy Holidays ! :) 
20 days before Christmas . Are you ready ? 
I like seeing snow . I hate feeling cold . 
Christmas .. The wonderful time of year when you get your dysfunctional families all under one roof . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas 
I'm going on a plane ride in the morning to NC . I wont be enjoying it and not looking forward to it . Take offs scare me and my tummy feels queasy . 
Cough ... sniffle sniffle .. The common cold . It's the gift that keeps on giving . 
Never send a man to do a woman's job . 
Mmmm another day of fruit , meat and cheese from the holiday baskets . 
Thank you everyone for your birthday wishes . It's nice to have your own holiday . Now go be creative and decorate something in my honer . :) 
I like chicken I like fish Mirakuya is delish ... Ole !!! 
There are the normal boobs ( . )( . ) , the silicone boobs ( + )( + ) , the perfect boobs ( o)(o ) . Some boobs are cold (^) (^) , and some boobs belong to grandmothers \\./\\./ the very large boobs ( o Y o ) , and the very small boobs (.) (.) , and lastly the asymmetrical boobs (•) (.) . We love them all ! Post this message on your wall and say ??? (?_?) ??? to breast cancer ! 
Happy Groundhogs day everyone . 
Sick with some kinda cold flu thing and scheduled to drive out of state . Not fun . 
I made it to NY with < PROPFIRST > . It's my 2nd day here and it's getting harder to sleep at night . I hate being sick . Bad cough and can't breath threw my nose . 
I made it threw a flu and now I'm down to a cough . I'm getting better but still feeling lousy . 
