the changing of seasons . Wind blows its last stick of winterfresh . 

Ive been having these vivid dreams .. Gone to a horriffic land of the livin dead , of transformation and a mysterious love , tragedy , and my lifes devoid aventures . That was last night . Next one , this night/morning , occurs in ancient times , a foriegn people , relistic , and cultural . A family melodrama . A woman and her two lovers . A son to one and the daughter of royalty . 
old man winter is flaking 
So Ive got my transcripts in the mail today . Its my first babystep towards a solid career :) I know what I want to do . . I want to help people . 
Im leaving for Show Low tommorrow morning . Its nice to drive , but you get sick of it after a while , especially when the vehicle has little leg room . 
Does anyone know if Lady Gaga is a man ?? I keep hearing this , are the rumors true ? 
I'm going to visit my family back in Red Valley today :) 
whoOHO completed my third ring this morning . I'm slow but prescision is my thing . I like my creations . Now I can just make rings for presents :) or birthdays . Can't to learn to make bracelets and earrings . 
is going to have a blast this year at Window Rock fair . 
Back with a sheep to butcher . Getting my knives ready . Slicey , choppie and breakie . Tomorrow morning that is . I'm going to browse for more treasure at the swap meet . Need a Deep freezer for the meat as well . Ziploc and freezer bags too . Going to grill something extra special and play some Madden on Xbox tonite . 
Feeling slighty bored here . Wish I could go drink with some cool people . Have a DD , good food , entertainment , and no bull . 
Fell asleep on the couch with the t.v. and p.c. still on , :) Felt comfortably numb . Eyes kept dozing in and out . Oh I had my first awakening spiritually in my sleep . I felt the power and the words came naturally and I spoke . It is a fine morning and I have not a care in the world . Everyday is exactly the same . I could experience some variety right now . 
Haha my cats kept my feet warm last night . 
woke up abruptly . Damn dogs whoring around again . Lets me < PROPFEMALE > cow in . Sits by me and falls asleep . Power is out , must reset the breaker . lts cold , hard and iced outside . O darn Its dull in Yatahey , wish I could be doing things . Wow nyquil did a number on me last night , put me to sleep . I hope this monday will be more lively . Anything to take my mind away from nothingness . 
is mastering Soul Caliber 4 
Whats up Face punks ! Im back from Red Valley due to imenent weather warnings . Good news my roof is A O K . I have a big front yard too , with beautiful surroundings and plenty of space . 
A cancer patient only has one wish , to kick cancer's butt . I know that 97% of you won't post this as your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do . In honor of someone who died , or is fighting cancer , post this for at least one hour . 
Sweet snow Sundays . Gentle quiet roads , soft grounds and silence . Beautiful serenity . Nice day for a cup of coffee . Indoor time spent with all your family , friends and loved ones . Have a great moring everyone . I sure will . 
Just thinking about it ... When I feel Hi , becoming comfortable , think about all those I know , a sense of being one with me , or having fun 
Semi busy day here , ate out for dinner and was at GameStop . Bought 2 games for my xbox . Darn I keep missing Fox on Sundays . Pretty chill now , just going to do some cleaning and sync my ipod tonite . 
Wah its 4/20/11 , Im broke and I aint got no weed 
Having Leanpockets , grapes and a can of WatermelonJooSe !! I used the digital scale at work and I weight 163.3 with my clothes on , I was like wtf ?!? I dont even look that skinny , I guess the gym has its advantages . I have a lot more muscle mass than this time last year . 
... Sometimes I wonder ... does she remember me ?? as I remembered her ??? Events that divide , like being lost in the woods/both walking the opposite direction unknowingly ... So close , but < PROPFEMALE > far . Only in dreams and in thoughts .. 
Liking all the Good morning statues . Oh gmrng and good day ppl . Im off but busy today , hpe you all have a funfilled friday . 
great lunch break first date . thought ice cream would be nice , but it was too much . She enjoyed , lol , I knew she was watching her figure (: 
won some cash , am happy . work 4rm 1 2 10p 2mrw . Been busy , finally made time for fb . Having an awesome month . 
ahhh cccCrrrRkkK * sips * Im off for the next two days . No plans but planning on making the best of it . Hells yeah feels good to relax . Im gonna have so much fun , I would like to have some friends to < PROPFEMALE > with but everyone is o so busy . 
Am starting to believe ... No not religiously , lol .. Spiritually perhaps . Happiness is what you do , what was done , whats to become , present , past , and future 
Ive got so much good to exude , so much thoughts to apply and dreams to have lived . Not money , not fame , not to boast ... but what am I doing wrong ? I ask because Ive never have been given a decent answer , only solutions which best serve their speakers ... . 
Think outside the box (: not taco < PROPFEMALE > , ahaha , fake beef , I know what its made of , but it tastes so damn good , lol (: crazy . FYi 2nd can opened , truth is Im optimistic for noon after sunrise , Im craving mental stimulation !!! 
Its just the kid in me , the one that had it bad , but made the best of it . Always will , subconciously thinking (: 
I think about it sometimes ... Will a women , when her heart is pure thought seek ?? That of spirit in the mind and body ? Ok I have so much questions and I think they might never all be answered . Its ok , at least I inquired and am interested . 
Ok Im sitting here in silence thinking about swtiching the radio on , finish my 2nd can and speak to some late night honeys (: lol with my < PROPFEMALE > pocket fresh from the spaceage \nukerowave\ " oven (: " 
Ok Im on the last of my second can , one < PROPFEMALE > pocket . Finishing the 2nd can going to open the next . One fresh hot pocket on the side (: I like ppl up late today . hehe Im smiling , feeling wonderful and inquisitive 
