Home again , home again , jiggity jig .... 

is hangin out with the nephew . Woot woot ! 
is Captain Oblivious ! Prepare to be hero-ized !!!!! 
just adores < PROPFEMALE > Stanwyck . That kinda acting just doesn't exist anymore !!! 
is in Tennessee . Arkansas , here we come !!! 
is in Indiana at a hotel . Soooo sick of being in the car . 
is home again , home again jiggity jig-tastic ! 
misses her peoples ... COME BACK TO MEEEE !!!! 
is increasingly anti-Edward < PROPMALE > . Jerk . 
wants to make a law . Nobody ever lets me make laws ..... 
is proud to announce the creation and implementation of her new law ... later . 
needs a hug . 
Oh I HATE < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ! 
just put < PROPFIRST > to bed . Hanging out with Rigg watching wrestling . 
watched < PROPMALE > drool from the eye balls 
' s eyes are a desert of sadness ..... 
' s FEET HURT ! 
All we need is some ice creaaaaaam ......... And a hug . 
thinks that people who are people are definately people except when they're not . 
From this day forth , Good and Food shall rhyme . I decree it and it shall be so . 
DX IS BACK , BABY !!!!!!!! 
Grawr !!!!! I am the Terror of < PROPFEMALE > Town ! 
is unbelievably sad at < PROPFIRST > Young 
Happy Sabbath , Everyone ! 
is watching Clue ! What a hi-LARIOUS movie . 
is under pressure . Da da da dadada da . 
CM Punk is just so darn cute ! 
knows that the NFL channel must be a torture device sent straight from the deepest , darkest pits of Hell to torment poor , unfortunate sisters . 
needs a Diet Dr. Pepper now please . Now . Please . Now . 
< PROPFEMALE > Latifah is HI-LARIOUS ! I am soooo amused . 
So yeah ... that was interesting ... 
The battle was long and hard but atlast ... Lukus has finally lost the war and is sleeping peacefully . I am an amazing Aunt ! 
wants a private store of bomb ombs ... think of the possibilities ! 
Give it up , MoJoke ! 
is gonna be alright now . Everything's gonna be alright ! Get down , stay up all night . Now let's do it one more time . Everything'll be alright , alright ! 
You never know when I might get the urge to play backgammon again ... I'm a fiend ! 
Hey hey hey .... sick of football . Wow . So amazingly sick of football . The word makes my heart hurt . But whatevs ... I guess I'll go ... read a book or something .... 
has gotta go to work in the mornin'! Super yay . 
Grawr-go-naut !!!!! Anger !!!! Anger !!!! RAWR ! 
needs a two minute monologue from a movie . A FUNNY movie . Any ideas ? 
Starts her crazy new semester in the morning ! Time to get my learnin on ! 
Woot ! Goin to Gettysburg TOMORROW . Family camping trip !! 
* sniff * ... I bruised my artichoke heart ..... * sniff * 
TRAGEDY ! IS THERE NO JUSTICE IN THIS WORLD ?!? 
My prayers are with you !!! 
Alriiight .... I'm back ! 
Two days til we invade Gettysburg . Hostile takeover , yes ? 
Could it be ?...... H1N1 Flu ?.... duh duh duh 
I ..... am ...... ALPHA ! 
So .... sleepy ..... 
doesn't quite know if she's angry or sad or an intense mixture of both . Either way .... she's not happy . 
needs EGGS ! 
Is getting HAPPY ! 
Happy Thanksgiving to you ! 
Watching me < PROPFEMALE > Trek again ! I'm so excited . It's finally MIIIINE ! 
IT'S THE CHRISTMAS SEASON !!!!! 
Christian owns this crowd ..... 
My house is so pretty ! 
One more paper to due before 6 o'clock ..... I thrive on pressure ! 
This is soooo cool ! So much snoooow ! 
Just watched Kota write his next Beacon article 
I just asked < PROPMALE > where Uncle Kota's muscles are and he punched poor Uncle Kota in the crotch . 
Happy New Year everyone ! Except you . You know who you are , you ! Merry-Joyous New Year to you ! 
I don't want to be bedecked ! I like to do my own bedecking ! 
Bru ha ha ! 
I , sir , am a blackguard ! 
You know how you feel when you don't know how you feel ? That's how I feel . 
Don't worry -- I'm not a myth . 
Somethings are never gonna change .... Bing is always gonna be the man for me despite his unusually large ears . 
..... * sniff sniff * ...... My poor poor car ..... 
Shut up , < PROPFEMALE > ! And put some pants on ! 
I think I would like some buttered toast ... but the toaster is so faar away .... 
Must .... clean ..... 
cannot believe how sick you can get in one day ... ( liking this status would be a very rude thing to do ) . 
My poor Denny .... always getting hurt . 
The cars are beginning to emerge from the pits of the fluffy depths of shoveling hell 
I do not care to belong to a club who accepts people like me as members ... ~ Julius < PROPFEMALE > 
I don't know which is worse , outsiders messing with the family or insiders messing with the family . All I know is that it's gonna stop now or I'm gonna have to get involved . 
is watching Sherlock Jr. Nothing like a good silent comedy to make a good day better . 
I would like to go to the movie house ... 
Break is over ... back to class . 
Dude ... that was 44 ounces of slush on the floor of my car ! 
Do you know what I didn't put a razor blade in ? This orange ! 
PLEASE VOTE : Who's more awesome ... Robert Arrogant Womack or Me ? 
It's my Mama's birthday ! Yay Mama ! 
Just use a splash of lemon juice ! 
Power's out . Boooring . Entertain me ! Cell phone is active . 
My parents have a facebook ... My Grandmother has a facebook ... I didn't even know they could use the computer . Actually , I'm still not sure how proficient my mother is . Lol . 
Must ... play ... Fable ... 
Give me a slice of Apathy Cake , Ninja Lassie ! 
I'm a Di-genarian ! Yay me ! 
Domain , function , rationalize the numerator , radical expressions ... Why doesn't this count as a foreign language ? 
... I really outta consider a new computer . 
I wanna bring SAW to my city !!! 
is okay ! 
He may look like an idiot and talk like an idiot but don't let that fool you . He really is an idiot . 
Can we have fast food everytime we make the bad guys go away ? 
Beetlejuice , Beetlejuice , Beetleshoes ! 
I'm so glad I don't live in the real world . 
I wanna be a 9 year old prodigy ... 
Looks like the Screw-Up < PROPFEMALE > was here again . 
Oh no ... got smitten by a angry gang 
God is the Supreme Commander of the Ultimate Justice League !!! 
had a great time but is glad to be home . 
My Mama just told my brother he doesn't walk with his buttocks extremely tight . I guess that's good news ... 
One project down , two more and 9 tests to go . Yay finals ! 
Your reality , sir , is lies and balderdash and I'm delighted to say that I have no grasp of it whatsoever ! 
just seriously fell in love with a pair of shoes . 
This is kinda stressful ... 
needs a new dollar . Or seventy . 
Don't stop belieeeeeevin ' ... 
Need ... coffee ... 
just applied ! Maybe something will happen , maybe not . It's not in my hands anymore , but in the hands of the One who will never put a mountain before me that I cannot climb , the One who promised to be with me always , and the One who has only the best planned for me . 
I have decided that Yeti is an odd hybrid between a cat and a ferret . 
So I just registered for an online PE Class . I think I have achieved a new level of lazy . 
bout to take my math final . I feel like crying ... and then throwing up . And then maybe a little more crying 
starts back at school on Tuesday . 
Remind me to thank my parents for not naming me < PROPMALE > Beaver . Just a note . 
My new goal in life is to reach the same level of sanity as H.M. Murdock . 
Busy day tomorrow , but it'll be very exciting ! 
So ... I was drinking a Frappe ... and I looked on the table and in a box was Doogan Squire . 
Making gnomes unhappy makes me very happy ! 
Dakota .... seriously .... not a good idea .... 
The only way to keep your health is to eat what you don't want , drink what you don't like , and do what you'd rather not . - < PROPFIRST > Twain 
Yay ! Yay yay yay yay yay ! That's all I can say ! Just yay ! 
Monkey-tailed Skink ! 
46 1/2 hours to go ! 
Organ's broke at church ... so we have clown music 
Twenty , twenty , twenty , twenty-four hours to go ! 
LEVERAGE !!! 
She only follows one rule ; the rule of the sea ! 
... power's out ... 
Aha ! Baby's asleep ! Score . Just an hour and a half until she gets picked up . This is fun ! 
Only one more week of summer classes ! 
Wooo ! Leverage tomorrow ! 
Gorillas , huh ? Sure nice to be the Skipper . 
< PROPFEMALE > needs to sleep .... like now . Help me put a baby who doesn't want to sleep to ... well , sleep . 
Last day of government ! Wooo ! Summer session rocks . 
Bout to watch the A-Team ! 
THAT WAS SUCH A GOOD MOVIE ! I have some qualms with it , but it was pretty great . 
Need .... to play ..... Sims ..... 
Talk nerdy to me ! 
Company's here ! Woooo ! 
Leave Tuesday for Pre-con . I've got so much to do before then ! 
My Mama just told me that crack is income . Hmmm .... 
Woo ! 68 < PROPMALE > outta MO . 
I heart everyone . Except that guy . And her ... and that thing . 
HANNIBAL MEEEEANS ! 
Apparently , my mother has been on a safarai expedition ... 
is < PROPFEMALE > the Water Dragon's biggest fan ! 
Wooo ! Conference has officially started !!! 
I am of the opinion that all presentations should be done through interpretive dance . 
You all need to be proud of me ... I just walked . Alot . lol . 
Initiating sequence .... Sabbathizing in 3 ... 2 .... 1 
This is a sad time . * sad eyes * 
Ahahaha ! I have finger tape ! 
List for the mentors have been posted ! Please talk to me if you didn't get it !!!!! 
Does anyone know where DaVonne < PROPFIRST > is from ? 
I am purple-headed ! 
Ready for His day . 
Sunday , roast beef ! 
You'll survive ! ... or not . 
Every day is Random Accent Day ! 
So my pastor just told all of the young adults to make children for the 
So my pastor just told all the young adults to make children for Sabbath School . 
School starts tomorrow . Just reviewed my schedule and it looks even better now . Yay me ! 
Well , my days of not taking you seriously have certainly come to a middle ... 
I've got a good mind to join a club and beat you over the head with it . 
I'm not gonna let a machine steal my joy 
No matter what I do , no matter what I try , no matter how inventively I finagle , ' food ' and ' good ' just refuse to rhyme . And that hurts me . 
My laziness is being carefully and tenderly nurtured in this learning establishment . So glad I took that on-line PE course last semester . 
WHAT'S ON YOUR MIND , CURSE YOU ?!? MUST YOU ALWAYS NAG ME WITH THE SAME QUESTION ? 
I really ought to be doing homework , but I have zero motivation right now . 
I need a big ole scoop of ice cream ... and then a massive hug . And then a cupcake . And maybe another hug . But mostly the cupcake . 
Time flies like an arrow . Fruit flies like a banana . 
HARRY'S ALIVE !!!!! 
Lukus is gangsta , with his pants on the ground . 
had so much fun tight rope walking around the Town Center tonight . 
< PROPFEMALE>'s version of < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland is the best ever .... partially because I'm in it .... 
Just finished my math test with 32 seconds to spare . 
Apparently ' ND ' stands for Notre Dame , * not * North < PROPFEMALE > . Whatever . 
There's no shame in being in Hufflepuff . 
... Apparently , my name is Nothing . 
I'm not afraid of you ! Or your silly bracelet .... Okay , it's not silly . 
Lol party ! Wooooo ! 
Makarai is a cookie smoosher . Shaaaaame . 
is in a relationship with Sleep . 
So my e-mail was hacked . Sucks . It sent out a bunch of probably tainted materials . Please don't open anything from that e-mail address . I have a new one so message me if you want it . 
does not have a back-up unit for her existence . 
I think ... for the first time ever .... I have a favorite football player .... It's the first sign of the apocalypse 
had an amazing time today hanging out with the Metro churches ! We need to do stuff like this waaaay more often . 
I love grocery shopping with my Mama . She makes everything so funny .... and odd . 
My mother's a bully . 
It's 106 < PROPMALE > to Chicago , we got a full tank of gas , half a pack of cigarettes , it's dark and we're wearing sunglasses . Hit it . 
Grawr ! The beast has awoken ! 
Hey People ! How's the continuing going ? 
God works in the weirdest ways ... seriously . 
I hope they're all looking non-chalant , or I'm gonna have to kill them .... 
Hey ! There's a point-of-view monster heading right this way ! 
Revenge is sweet .... and so is caramel . 
Insanity is just a state of mind . 
I feel like a Kentucky-fried idiot . 
< PROPMALE > museums .... what did I do to deserve this ? 
Tired .... so tired .... need ... nap . 
My mama is so high right now ... cough syrup and her should never mix . Ever . 
It's like I'm only capable of ironic attacking ... 
IT'S NATIONAL SMACK A TWILIGHT FAN DAY ! 
is in Salem for my cousin's wedding/Apple Butter Festival . 
... sunburned . 
getting ready to watch my cousin get married ! 
I iced a fool and I liked it ! 
Guess what ?!? 
The thing about < PROPMALE > interviews is that .... you kinda gotta know what they're talking about . Or else , they're laughing their faces off and you're just kinda ... confused . Very , very confused . 
The boar's head it hand bear I , be decked with bays and roooooosemary ! 
Noooo , < PROPFIRST > Maine ! No more drinks ! You're breaking her heart .... Waaaaaah ! 
.... I seem to have misplaced my common sense .... 
IHOP ! Woooo ! 
Cabin can be in danger in more ways than one . 
This baby is so gross ... How could a parent let their kid stink this bad ??? 
They're just making stuff up now ! 
\I see pride ! I see power ! I see a bad * < PROPMALE > * who don't take no crap offa nobody ! \ " Disney dubs are the bestest . " 
Oh , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . You silly , silly man . 
All the things that I've missed ! The Black Plague ... The Spanish Inquisition ... The < PROPMALE > Bunch Reunion !!! 
There are pandas ... crazy , angry pandas ... 
I got Ebenezer II back today ! Woot ! And I'm going back to high school in the morning ... Don't know how I feel about that . 
is having an amazing movie week . Just ... amazing . 
Why is it so hoooottttt ? * whine * 
I think I'd make an amazing villian . 
is cleverly disguised as someone else ... 
CURSE YOU , < PROPMALE > GATES ! Stand closer to the dilapidated building and have an \accident\ " already ! Why must you taunt me with your continued existence ?!? " 
For those of you in < PROPFEMALE > who have not voted , please please please vote < PROPFEMALE > Spach for Governor . She'll kick face ! And , thus far , she has one vote ... 
Wow ... this is ... awkward 
has a new philosophy for life ! Ask me about it ! 
Never in my life have I had occasion to fear < PROPMALE > bears but the time has apparently come . I'm scarred ... possibly for life . Thank for that , < PROPMALE > . 
What isn't troubling me ? 
was in a car accident . Poor , poor Peanut . * sad face * 
We no longer say yes , instead ... we say ' affirmative ' .... unless it's in a more colloquial situation . 
FAAAIIIILLLLLL FOR LIFE ! ARGH ! HOW COULD I BE SO FORGETFUL ?!? 
OH MY GOSH ! MY SCARF MATCHES MY PAJAMA PANTS ! It's < PROPFEMALE > ! Fate ! Oh joy !.... and I have no idea why I'm so excited about it .... BUT I AM ! WOOOO ! 
had an amazing time hanging out with < PROPFEMALE > Cruzan this weekend !!! 
What a beautiful Sabbath day ! Praise God from whom * all * blessings flow ! 
Movie marathon !!! 
Hello , feet . Imma draw you ... 
Grawr ! This is maddening !!! 
I wanna be the very best , like no one ever was ! 
My mama just bought me And Now for Something Completely Different ! 
< PROPFEMALE > says I don't need to change my status every twelve seconds ... so I thought I'd give you all that update . 
Sometimes ... these guys are just .... creepers .... I don't know if insane creepiness was attractive in the 20s ... but it was certainly abundant . 
I have an addiction .... 
So my nephew just made me walk all the way up the stairs to give him a kiss . And then , he looks at me and says , \Fall down the stairs\ " and points to where he wishes me to fall to my doom . That's what I call love . " 
Money isn't everything . But I like to have it around until I can choose a misery that is more agreeable to me . 
Tuna < PROPMALE > , Tuna < PROPMALE > , I sing praises to Tuuuuunaaaaaa Maaaaaaac ! 
My commitment to grow my hair out has failed miserably . 
Now that we're done with all that silly Thanksgiving business , I can focus on Christmas properly and exclusively ! 
First hot chocolate of the season ! Woot woot ! 
First week of Advent ! 
is ready for a Christmas movie marathon . Gotta get Scrooge from < PROPFEMALE > first ... What am I saying ??? All of December is a Christmas movie marathon ... 
MUTINY ! IT'S MUTINY !!! MEAN SPIRITED , ANGRY , ANGRY MUTINY ! My White Christmas DVD is missing .... * sniff * ..... 
I love The Great Dictator .... so very , very , very much 
Why doesn't Dominos show the slaughter houses on their commercials ? That'd be intense ! 
Dakota ... I'm so very , very , * very * impressed ... LET'S WATCH THE MUPPET CHRISTMAS < PROPFIRST > ! 
NEWS FLASH : ICP loves their mommies ! 
So busy ! I got a ton of stuff to do by wednesday . Not getting stressed though , cause I'm having fun ! 
So I'mma need help planning < PROPFEMALE>'s campaign for County Executive . 
Every semester I tell myself that I'm not going to procrastinate ... and every semester ends up in a mad dash to get everything done the day before it's due . 
You better watch out , you better not cry * wipes imaginary tear * , you better not pout .... Why ?... I'M TELLIN YOU WHY !!!! 
Finished my final with four minutes to spare ! Phew , that was close but I feel good about the test . 
One last assignment and then two more finals ... and then FINISHED ! WOOT ! 3/5 classes finished . 
4/5 classes finished ! One last test and a presentation ... 
Woooo ! One more < PROPFEMALE > , little , itsy , bitsy , teensy , weensy presentation and I am finished until < PROPFIRST > . 25 ! 
Finished !!!! Woooooo ! 
I have a mind to join a club and beat you over the head with it ! 
PROFESSOR , y u no post grades ?!? 
Rockin out at me other house ! 
Had a great Christmas ! Praise God for Family and Friends ! 
New phone ! Woo ! 
My phone is smarter than me ... 
is struggling to sign for these classes ! But I get the feeling I'm doing what God wants me to do and know he will bless me for sticking to His Sabbath . 
Watching the very first episode of SNL ever with my Mama and < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Never realized < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > was so amusing ... 
So Voyage of the < PROPFEMALE > Treader was a perfectly acceptable movie . I could see myself recommending it . 
You'll never know when I'll want to play backgammon again . I'm a fiend ! 
is feeling throughly disenchanted :( But I'll be okay . 
is so very proud of her baby brother ! 
Watching some pre-codes 
You've got your < PROPFEMALE > - now buzz ! 
Happy Sabbath !!! 
Everyday's a birthday when I want it to be ! 
I gotchu fo life 
Thank you , God , for reminding me that you are Sovereign ! 
Why is it raining ??? It's snow time ... anger ... 
just found out one of Mama's coworkers is the niece if < PROPMALE > Pride . Geekin out ! 
sang Wonderful Grace of Jesus in church today . Now I'm ready for Conference 
Pokeballs don't work on people ... 
Happy Sabbath ! Different speaker this morning and we're singing \Be Thoui My Vision \"." 
God will turn our mourning into joy . Thank you , Abba Father , for restoring faith despite my faithlessness . 
I miss having a radio in my car . I'm really sick of singing songs to myself over and over in different voices . 
Final semester at the CC starts tomorrow ! 
Last semester at the Community College ... I feel like such a big kid now 
I have nothing to say to you , < PROPFIRST > Frampton . 
< PROPFEMALE > Spach I figured it out ! 
The trouble with birthday cake is that you can really only have it once a year . 
Boys , you got to learn not to talk to nuns that way . 
is at I'sha's baby shower ! So excited to see my other sister ! 
I really need to do this homework ... but I'm having a super hard time focusing . 
I'm going to Ireland ! Woooooo ! * happy dance * 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY HOMIE , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ! Happy 164th , dude ! Thanks for movies ! 
I feel that reality is severley lacking ... 
So I dunno if this is weird ... but whenever anyone calls me < PROPFEMALE > ( with the exception of my dear Papa ) , I feel like I just got yelled at ... 
I love when it rains . FREE CAR WASH ! Especially when there's no washer fluid XD 
I really love < PROPFEMALE > corn . 
No thanks , I prefer to bask in my ignorance . 
Gah ! I can't get motivated ! 
I love Oreos . I think they are , quite possibly , the love of my life . 
< PROPFEMALE > Spach : Did you really take both chairs ? \ 
< PROPFEMALE > Ckt Watt : Yeah , does your tookus really need two chairs\ 
Makarai Stone : * yells really loud * YES , < PROPFIRST > , MY TOOKUS NEEDS TWO CHAIRS ! 
Just took the Praxis . Passed Math and Reading . Waiting on writing results but I feel confident ! 
I think a < PROPMALE > would be amazing right now ... 
Fatal Attraction is one show I never , ever want to be on ... cause it would mean I was mauled to death by Yorkies . 
Rewatching Invader Zim ! 
I thought I had an assignment due tonight . But it's due next tuesday ! Procrastination FTW ! 
So I have no clue about actual sizes from the metric system . Anyone have any idea about objects that might hold a mililiter ? Be a square meter ? Cubed centimeter ? Cudbed meter ? Any help would be much appreciated ! 
Happy Sabbath , everybody ! Praise be to God for His day of rest ! 
is now to proud owner of an official US passport ! 
As of now , my spirit is no longer wearing pants . 
is having a terrible , horrible , no-good , very bad day ..... er , evening :( 
I really just need some ice cream and a hug 
< PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > even makes horrible flops worth watching . Man's got some maaaad acting skillz ! 
Happy Sabbath ! Day of rest like woah ! 
