Facebook is so confusing and apparently I don't know how to spell my own last name but thanks to < PROPFIRST > Pham that was changed . I'm going to go off now and watch the Ultimate fighter like a loser haha . 

Wow I don't even know how to logout out of facebook 
ha nevermind 
My arm still hurts from yesterday from Jiu Jitsu but today it feels even worse that's what I get for having too much pride . 
I just remember this one time I went to get a burrito and the guy making the burrito was eating from it . At the time it didn't bother me but now I'm disgusted . 
I was going to buy beef jerky for my cousin as part of her birthday gift but then I thought about it and I would feel like I was buying drugs . But I know what I'm going to get her now . 
Angus , Thong , and Perfect Snogging haha that is a pretty legit movie even though its for ten year olds 
Do you ever get these moments when your cleaning things out and you run into an old picture or a thing that an old friend gave you and you think damn what happen to us . How things got so bad between us I will never know all I know is I kinda miss our friendship but it took two and one of gave no effort 
I can't find my lip ring so that means I'm never going to wear one again because I'm not buying a new one egh back to my stud 
I just commited carb-o-cide haha I had about two pound of spagetti n 
Singing < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > like a mad man 
Why does weird stuff ALWAYS happen to me ? Especially today . Ha but its cool , I like it . 
Fighting evil by < PROPFEMALE > light winning love by day light never running from a real fight she is the one named Sailor < PROPFEMALE > :) 
When I see him all I think about is Pokemon haha 
I'm in love with KiD CuDi right now 
I LOVE RICE and I just ran out :( I like to eat my rice with sugar is that weird ? I want to get my nose pierced but maybe one hole in my face is more than enough . I love the song Man On The < PROPFEMALE > by KiD CuDi and that is what's on my mind right now 
You don't even know the extent of a bad taste you leave in my mouth when I see you now >:( 
I feel like waffles :) or maybe rice but that takes too long . 
This week I have been in the worst mood of my life sincerely 
I had some real low points today like I almost cried in my 4th period I couldn't look anyone in the face it was horrible but then I just man up I guess but I talked to a few people and I feel a little better bUt it issues I have to figure out for myself believe me you wouldn't understand 
I feel a lot better now since I talked to my friends and family :) 
And I thought to myself what a stud haha 
Never Ever say illegal immigrants shouldn't be in this country in my house my mom will stab you haha 
Today I had my first big fight with my best friend . This sucks sooo much . 
Ha UFC 113 today so excited I hope Machida wins :) 
He doesn't look like a thing like Jesus but he talks like a gentlemen like you imagine when you were young 
AP Psych tomorrow . Lameeeeee :( 
The orgastic future that year by year recedes before us . It eluded us then , but that's no matter-tomorrow we will run faster , stretch out our arms farther .... And one fine morning-So we beat on , boats against the current , borne back ceaselessly into the past-The Great Gatsby 
I hate taping out . I rarely do it but today I got caught in a choke and almost passed out . Not a good feeling . 
Estou em busca da felicidade e sei que tudo o que brilha é ouro , nem sempre 
About to play the new UFC undisputed 2010 that just came out today got it preordered but I hate video games haha 
Tomorrow so busy . Going to the mall for my forth time this week . Lame . Sleepover with < PROPFEMALE > and maybe a party in the mix of this . 
I'll be up up and away \ 
up up and away \ 
cuz in the end they'll judge me anyway so whatever :) 
Today was great because < PROPFIRST > is the biggest sweetheart , Kassy digs the tail haha , a 100% on my algebra 2 final , when I come home the ultimate fighter from last night is recorded , training tonight should be good , and Lakers play tonight . Hoping they win because all this Laker talk should stop until next season haha 
On Saturday I have my first Jiu Jitsu competition . I'm excited but scared . I don't like to lose ever and I think I might because the person I'm going against has been doing jiu jitsu for years and me only a few months . Egh don't really want to think about it . It was so last minute and I don't even know why I agreed to it haha but anyway excited for tomorrow . < PROPFIRST>'s birthday dinner at BJ's :) 
Well just got back from doing competition and I lost but its all good I had fun and should of went to sleep earlier haha but I had funnnn 
was there an earthquake or was it just me 
Free KiD CuDi :( 
Who can take a sunrise sprinkle it with dew cover it in chocolate and a miracle or two ? :O 
cristiano ronaldo , I want to punch you in your face :) 
Haha wow I'm complete done with this not even worth my time anymore . 
Spainnnnn :') 
Wow < PROPMALE > Lesner won today . Well my day wasn't completely bad at least Spain won today :) 
Spainnnnnnnnn haha Germany I guess Klose wasn't here to save the day 
Spain :') 
Thai food and cupcakes with < PROPFEMALE > :D 
-_- 
I'm at an Angels game right now sitting next to British people . This made my day . 
And it's happened once again I'll turn to a friend Someone that understands Sticks to the master plan But everybody's gone And I've been here for too long To face this on my own\ 
Well I guess this is growing up 
Wow you weren't anything I thought you were . I'm completely done with and want nothing to do with you . But at least I'll be eating chocolate chip cookies every night dawg hahaha 
We Be Poppin Bottles 
Today , I was thinking of not being a vegetarian anymore on another note I went off on a freshmen weird but I have the smallest < PROPFEMALE > today :( I feel bad but oh well . 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > again really ? Egh . 
I just watched The Boy In The Striped Pajamas for the first time . Wow it's been awhile since I have seen a good movie . 
I almost had sushi today but i couldn't eat it . I think I'll be a vegetarian till the day I die . 
About to buy MockingJay o_o so freakin excited 
Just made myself a caramel apple . I feel a lot better about my 3.4 G.P.A 
Just got back running with @ < PROPFEMALE > Cerritos words can't describe how much I LOVE running 
Today was a good day . It's been awhile since I've had one . 
I just LOVE how easily annoyed I get -_- I need anger management 
It's official . I have applied to San Jose (: 
Today was a really good day (: < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > , Nature Walks , and The Vault . @Kadie DiCarlo you were amazing . But doing my SAT again tomorrow FML 
I just took my senior pictures . I HATE THEM ALL . 
< PROPFIRST > Hardy got knocked out in UFC 120 . -___- 
Is this real life ? Yankees are losing :( 
I want to know , have you ever seen the rain , comin down on a < PROPFEMALE > day ? 
Amazing and Interesting Night (: 
Today , for the first time in my life , even though I have owned the movie for years , I finally watched The Godfather 
Yess BJ (: < PROPMALE > Hughes got KTFO 
It's A Wonderful Life <3 
When @ < PROPFEMALE > Tamjid raps Lil < PROPMALE > it makes my dayyyy . 
I'm beyond angry . 
I need to check you out like a library book ... That's been overdue . 
I GOT IN San < PROPFIRST > State !!!!! 
That weird feeling you get . Egh . 
I just want to puke but nothing comes out egh . 
Wrestled with < PROPFIRST > Hellinger in the park . 
