HAVE A BLESSED WEEK 

Have a Blessed Day everyone 
Life is too short to wake up with regrets . ? So love the people who treat you right . ? Forget about the one's who don't . Believe everything happens for a reason . If you get a second < PROPMALE > , grab it with both hands . If it changes your life , let it . Nobody said life would be easy , they just promised it would be worth it .... Post to your wall if you agree 
Todays game - PLACE OF BIRTH ! Everyone please play ! You will find it interesting to know where your FB friends birth places are . Copy & paste this on your profile , then put your place of birth at the end Fort Smith Arkansas 
We have children going to bed without eating ..... Elderly going without needed medicines ..... Mentally ill without treatment ..... Troops without proper equipment ..... Yet we donate millions to other countries before helping our own first ... Unfortunately this is true .. 99% of ppl won't have the guts to copy and repost this .!!!!!! WILL YOU ????? 
Qustion of the day Do you regret anything that you have done in the past 10 yrs ?? 
I wish Heaven had a phone so I could hear your voice again .. I thought of you today , but that is nothing new . I thought about you yesterday , and days before that too . I think of you in silence , I often speak your name . All I have are memories and a picture in a frame . Your memory is a keepsake , from which i'll never part . God has you in his arms ... I have you in my heart . Repost if you have someone in Heaven 
A true friend doesn't care if you're broke as a joke , your house is a mess , you are drunk as a skunk , or your familly is filled with crazies ... they love you for who you are . A true friend can go long periods of time without speaking and never question their friendship . REPOST if you are lucky enough to have at least one .... true friend !! 
Getting ready for work < PROPFEMALE > !! I Would love to stay home on this rainy day 
Off to work I go bills to pay !!!! 
I ain't sayin I'm Perfect but I'm worth it 
Happy Mothers Day to all my Fb moms have a wonderful and Blessed day 
The Gruesome Twosome was a Awesome concert 
True friends can go long periods of time without speaking and never question their friendship . And pick up like they just spoke yesterday , regardless of how long it has been ........ REPOST if you are blessed enough to have at least one ! I am ! 
YOU PASS THE NORTH KOREAN BORDER ILLEGALLY , \ 
YOU GET 12 YRS HARD LABOR . YOU PASS THE AFGHAN BORDER ILLEGALLY , YOU GET\ 
SHOT . YOU PASS THE AMERICAN BORDER ILLEGALLY , YOU GET A JOB , \ 
DRIVER'SLICENSE , ALLOWANCE FOR A PLACE TO LIVE , HEALTH CARE , EDUCATION , \ 
BILLIONS OF DOLLARS SPENT SO YOU CAN READ A DOCUMENT . WE < PROPFEMALE > \ 
PASSP ... ORTS IN OTHER COUNTRIES OR FACE JAIL TIME . REPOST THIS IF \ 
YOUAGREE . 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of < PROPFEMALE > , and to the Republic for which it stands : ONE NATION UNDER GOD , indivisible , with < PROPFEMALE > and Justice for all . REPOST IF YOU THINK OUR COUNTRY AND OUR FLAG DESERVE RESPECT ! Let's see how many < PROPFEMALE > ns will repost . GOD BLESS OUR TROOPS AND THEIR FAMILIES 
wants less work to do , more time to do get it done , and higher pay for my efforts . Is that Really too much to ask for ? 
there is many kinds of love , but the best kind is one one that makes you feel warm and lite up inside , that's the one that will last 
The heart that truly loves never forgets . for love can not be replaced or easily forgotten . 
is having one of those days where she want to yell FUCK YOU to someone 
its funny how someone can come into the picture and everyone else is erased . 
says a true friend is someone you can tell anything and they still love you 
Don't let your past mistakes/failures define & paralazye you . Instead realize thier worth . Watching the underdog succeed despite obstacles gives us hope . We cheer for them MORE than the perfect contenders they race against ! If you aren't perfect , you actually have an advantage when you work hard to succeed ! People WANT to support YOU because they're inspired by your inner strength . Let your past help & motivate you . :) 
is off to work and sooooo happy to be going ! Damn , sarcasm doesn't really work in writing does it ? 
is lost ... and ... is wondering ... why she is feeling like she doesn't belong anywhere ... once more ? 
. what you choose , is what you will have .. \ 
. what you allow , is what will continue . 
' s unicorn is frolicking with a Pegasus in a sparkly magical clover Field sliding down rainbows and sniffing roses ... ah , all is well in imaginary land :) 
Is going to a land where everything is prefect and where nothing ever goes wrong ! Yup That's Right In Off To Dreaming land ! x Night Night all <3 
FML ..... I locked my self out of my house and I went to a friends house and waited till they got up to get my spare key I hope the rest of the day gets better It could only happen to me 
Thank God for friends who insist you pick yourself up & do something to change your life & the way things are ... 
Don't regret the mistakes made in your life because the lessons learned are in those mistakes . 
If God brings you to it God will bring you through it !! 
Dear Sleep , \ 
I want to apologize for cheating on you . Stress has taken over & will not let you take me off to dream land . Please feel free to take over . \ 
Me 
Leaving for Florida in three days let the count down begin !!! 
Do you remember when < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > was our president and we also had < PROPMALE > Hope and < PROPFIRST > Cash ? Now we have Obama and no HOPE and no CASH ! HOW TRUE THIS IS !!!!! 
sometimes a person touches your life and brands your soul\ 
they will never be forgotten . 
Word of the day FOCUS So tell someone to FOCUS ( F*ck Off Cause Ur Stupid ) 
GOD , I know you said you would never give me more than I can handle , but sometimes I wish you didn't have so much confidence in me ! :/ 
being a mess on the inside is so much easier to hide than being a mess on the outside :( 
YEAH Leaving for Florida in 16hrs YEAH !!!!!!! 
Back home from Florida < PROPFIRST > says to tell everyone Hi 
I HATE BEING BROKE ALL THE TIME I FEEL LIKE IM WORKING JUST TO PAY THE MAN !! 
IM AFRAID OF EVERYTHING BUT MOST OF ALL IM AFRAID OF LEAVING AND NEVER FEELING MY WHOLE LIFE THEY WAY I FEEL WITH YOU ! 
Your damned if you do , your damned if you don't , so why give a damn ? 
Is so over this week !! I could shove it up someones ass ! 
May the itch of a thousand crabs affect the one who ruins your day ... and may their arms be too short to scratch . 
Work like you don't need the money , love like you've never been hurt , dance like you do when nobody's watchin , make love like you're bein filmed ;) 
is totally overwhelmed . 
To all my Family an Friends that was worried IM DOING OK I LOVE YOU ALL BUT DONT WORRIE 
Best friends understand every single word you're saying ; when you're crying & speaking gibberish . 
WHAT AN AMAZING , WONDERFUL NIGHT !!! 
Just gonna stand there and watch me burn , well that alright because I likevthe way it hurts , Just gonna stand there and watch me cry , well thats alright because I Love The Way You Lie 
Its sad when you care about someone so much it hurts . 
Strength does not come from winning . Your struggles develop your strengths . When you go through hardships and decide not to surrender , that is strength . 
is having one of those days where i just want to light somebodys face on fire and try putting it out with a fork !! 
I had the most wonderful evening with the most amazing person and friend I know ! Thank You ! 
got a call from the Psych < PROPMALE > , someones been caught , riding a goat , wearing a thong , singing Do you think I'm sexy , Ill come get you but this is the last time ! 
Who needs enemines when you have friends !! 
All INeed right now Is a Hug 
Don't wanna go to work to day I wanna go play outside it's so nice today !! 
Oh where is the captin and his friend < PROPMALE > wiser when i need them !! 
Psalm \ 
18:1 -2 : Lord , how I love You ! For You have done\ 
such tremendous things for me . The Lord is my fort where I can enter \ 
and be safe ; no one can follow me in and slay me . He is a rugged \ 
mountain where I hide ; He is my Savior . 
Thank You all for the Birthday wishes may God Bless you all 
live your life to the fullest each new day , you may not be given the special gift of a tomorrow . 
don't hide in the shadows of yesterday , be seen in the light of today 
Sometimes the hardest decision to make is the one that is best for you . But in the end you have to trust your heart to do what is right . 
doesn't feel sorry for herself , just sorry for the guy that is missing out on such an amazing girl . 
hates it when I'm trying to fall asleep and hear the \what the hell was that ? \ " noise . " 
In my life I've walked many a road , many times i felt alone ... but on this path i walk now Jesus is by my side . 
Instead of a sign that says \Do Not Disturb\ " I need one that says \ " Already Disturbed Proceed With Caution . \"" 
loves her Crazy/Random/Demented/Socially Challenged friends :) 
has just played Skill Bingo for the first time - the hardest bingo game on Facebook ! 
has just scored 2768 playing Skill Bingo - the hardest bingo game on Facebook ! You'll never beat this score ! 
has just scored 40422 playing Skill Bingo - the hardest bingo game on Facebook ! You'll never beat this score ! 
<---------- sleepy , grumpy , and not in the mood to entertain others 
this week I'll do what is \Possible\ " and leave everything \ " Impossible\ " to GOD ! " 
okay so I am trying to find this awesome thing they call sleep , can anyone tell me where to score some ? 
Warning ! it is well past my bed time and i have been known to shift to my darker personality when tired . meet evil < PROPFEMALE > >:{ D 
is just a mischievous little girl , cunningly disguised as an adult , hehehe ssshhhh ! ^_* 
Its Raining its pouring my flippen celing is Leaking !!!!!!!!!! O Happy Day to me NOT !!!!!!!!! 
isn't it ironic ... we ignore those who adore us , adore those who ignore us , hurt those who love us , and love those who hurt us 
Wishing you sweet dreams as we say good night . Wishing your worries will all turn out right ... \ 
Wishing you starlight & a < PROPFEMALE > glowing bright . Good night friend 
My mom has made\ 
me laugh , wiped my tears , hugged me tight , watched me succeed , saw me\ 
fail , cheered me on & kept me strong , sometimes pissed me off , but\ 
only until I realize she's right ! Moms are a promise from God that you\ 
will have a friend forever . I love you Mom ! Put this on your status if\ 
......... you love your mom . < PROPFEMALE > you're the best ! 
At the end of the day before you close your eyes , be content with were you've been , and proud of who you are !! 
Don't walk behind me ; I may not lead . Don't walk in front of me ; I may not follow . Just walk beside me and be my friend . ~ Albert Camus 
don't you just hate it when you get cozy & are almost asleep , then you have to go pee ? 
:) < see this smile ? Someone made me smile . You know who you are . Thank you !! Now I'm gonna let the rest of you wonder who it was and what that person did ;) 
Pour me something tall and strong , make it a hurricane before I go insane ... it's only half past twelve but I don't care , it's 5 o'clock somewhere ! 
I Like it on the dining room table 
. In memory of every cancer patient , family member and friend who has \ 
lost their battle with cancer and in honor of those who continue to \ 
conquer it ! Put this up for 1 hour if you love someone who has or had \ 
cancer . Many won't copy and paste , I did . Will you ? 
WARNING !! : Purple bunnies and gray lizards have taken over the world !! but don't worry , me and my green kangaroo will save the day ! 
Whos going to tell you when its to late ? whoes going to tell you when things arent so great ? Whos going to pick you up when you fall ? whos going to < PROPFEMALE > it up when you call ? WHOS GOING TO DRIVE YOU HOME TONIGHT ? Whos going to come aroung when you break ? 
Children\ 
with special needs aren't sick or gross . They only want what we all \ 
want : to be accepted . Can I make a request of anyone willing to post \ 
this and leave it on your status for at least an hour ? It is Special \ 
Education week , and this is in honor of all children -made in a unique \ 
......... way and ......... who learn a little differently . 
SISTERSWEEK ... If you have a Sister who has made you laugh ... Pulled your hair .. Stuck up for you .. Drove you crazy .. Hugged you .. Watched you succeed .. Saw you fall .. Picked you back up .. Cheered you on ... Made you strong ... and can't live without .. Copy and paste this to your status ! 
They say it is better to be poor and happy than < PROPMALE > and miserable , but how about a compromise like moderately < PROPMALE > and just moody ? \ 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > 
By stars above and earth below , cool breeze and soothing mist , may you end this day in gentle comfort and greet the < PROPFEMALE > with joy . 
thinks her cleaning < PROPFEMALE > must be dead 
have you every missed someone so much that you felt your heart breaking because you couldn't be with them right then ? 
Thanks to < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > for sending me New Mystery Box . I really like it ! http://apps.facebook.com/farmville-gi-ghbheb/home?tv3=mKrRaGQbE%2BuSwiGGLTDJhy6Bh0igbhKybaPT0O8lhQ%3D%3D 
There is a < PROPFIRST > of sunshine behind every cloud . There is always \ 
a lesson & hope between every trial ! With FAITH all things \ 
are possible if we believe ! 
I hear my bed calling to me in dulcet tones of seduction . Come drown in my softness , come snuggle in my warmth . I am off to heed its call . Good night all !! 
<-- is made of 100% , pure AWESOMENESS !!!!!! And thats the fact < PROPFIRST > !!!!!!! 
there is sooo much i wanna tell you , but i never will ... 
Have you ever wondered if the five dollar bills in your wallet/purse were ever in a stripper's butt crack ? .. If not , i bet you're wondering now ... Have a nice d 
Why is it when we were young and u had to take a nap u cried because u didn't want one .. now your older and cry cause u can't have one . 
There comes a point in your life when you realize if you stand still you will remain at that point forever . 
is in need of a certain something ... 
is learning to speak ' cat!' Meooww isn't as straight forward as you think it would be ! It actually means , this is My chair , bed , table , floor , house , thank you ! 
Cats give you unconditional love .. 
I am trying to do the next right thing !!! a good piece of advice a very dear friend gave me 
I\ 
believe in Jesus Christ . One of my facebook friends challenged all \ 
believers to put this on our wall .... in the bible it says , if you deny \ 
me in front of your peers , i will deny you in front of my father , at the\ 
Gates of Heaven . This is a simple test . If you love God and you are not\ 
... afraid to show it , repost this !!! 
UN-APOLOGETICAMERICAN : I pledge allegiance to the FLAG , of the United States of < PROPFEMALE > and to the Republic for which it stands , One Nation under GOD Indivisible , with < PROPFEMALE > and Justice for All . I grew up reciting this every morning in school ; it is a shame we no longer do that for fear of ...... offending someone . Now let's see how many < PROPFEMALE > ns will re-post this and not care about offending anyone !!! 
Nothing can stop the man with the right mental attitude from achieving his goal ; nothing on earth can help the man with the wrong mental attitude . - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
Getting ready to watch How to train your Dragon !!! 
Just finished watching How to train your Dragon Its cute movie !!!!! 
I thank God for my amazing family & friends & the opportunities that come my way ! Life is such a blessing !! Each day remember this & smile !! 
Happy Birthday ! mom /grammy we love and miss you very much !! 
One thing is for certain , I have the right to pick and choose , to let go of and move on whether someone agrees with me , or not !!! 
Nothing happens by \Mistake\ " God doesn't make Mistakes it happens for a reason " 
... I'm thinking that I shouldn't write what's on my mind - I might get into trouble !!! 
is dragging my tired , aching , & exhausted body to bed , because work happens to beckon tomorrow .. I just hope sleep comes quick ! 
Smiles and tears . Giggles and Laughs . Late night calls and photographs . I will love u until the day of my death . Best friends forever until my very last breath <3 
Off to Walmart to do grocery shopping yea me ! NOT !! 
is believing firmly in the power of prayer . 
Dear God , Thank you for always being there for me , even when I didn't understand . Like a parent to a child , you know what's best ; so I trust you like a child . 
There comes a time in life when you walk away from all the pointless drama and the people who create it . You surround yourself with people who make you laugh , forget the bad and focus on the good . Life is too short to be anything but happy\ . Re-post if you agree " 
off to see the wizard ... the wonderful wizard of ... nope , who am I kidding , I am off to work ... and trust me there is no clicking my heels 3 times on this one ... 
okay so there's this thing called sleep and I hear its really awesome ,.. so I'm gonna go try it out and see how it works ! night ya'll 
The Cenex on Iron called IRON PUMP turned one of OUR SOLDIERS away for showing a military ID . The guy behind the counter started screaming at the man who presented the military ID about how he was a murderer and to get out of his store . 
< PROPFEMALE > Fairchild We can all use some money ... right ! Sorry everyone , I'm not super superstitious , but this year October has 5 Fridays , 5 Saturdays and 5 Sundays . This happens once every 823 years . This is called money bags . So Copy this to your status and money will arrive within 4 days . Based ... on Chinese Feng Shui . The one ... who does not copy , will be without ... money . I cannot let that person be me .... 
can't really explain what the problem is BUT I think the solution has something to do with beating the living crap out of somebody ha-ha 
Hey Fb Friends I have 3 female cats that are nutered and declawed that I need to find good homes for them Im moving and I cant have them were Im going Please message me if you need more info Thanks 
I have things that are heavy on my heart which is making my mind wander but I have faith that in time everything will be okay . 
Is Bent - Broken - Tired - Lost - Confused - Hurting - And trying to survive - LORD I need you to rap your arms around me & just hold me ! 
is suffering from a horrible Chinese affliction . Dragonass . (-| 
I'm so tired that my tired is tired . 
Im all moved now 
Father in heaven , today I give You all that I am . I invite You into the weak places in my life so that You can turn them into strengths . In Jesus ' Name . 
Going to Texas for Thanksgiving YEA !!! 
My < PROPFEMALE > is wearing so thin I can see holes in it ! 
is in one of those moods where everything annoys me . 
Have A blessed and Happy Thanksgiving Everyone Im going to Texas 
When your cat suddenly runs out of the room at the speed of lightning , it was actually a failed ambush . 
Sister's will fight with you , compete with you , be jealous of you , but most importantly , a sister STANDS up for you & BESIDE you throughout life's ups & downs ! 
Remember that this Christmas ; when you're eating Christmas dinners , smiling and laughing , in another house there's an empty chair where a hero should be sitting 
dear bed , I'm sorry i left you this morning , take me back ? 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas Mom !! I miss you and I love you very much !! 
did u know that if the first tear comes from your left eye its from pain but if it comes from your right eye its from happiness :) 
Anything can happen with a sprinkle of pixie dust if you BELIVE !! 
Peace is seeing a sunset and knowing who to thank ! 
Watched Secretariat its a must see ! Its a wonderful movie ! 
Watching Fast Times at Ridgemont High In Adams Words a classic !! 
We all live with the scars we choose . They might hurt like hell , but they all make us stronger 
